transparent falsehood admits that he or
dered the shelling. I have told him that
I have now established temporary prem
ises i for Boer prisoners in the women's
laager and hospital in order to protect
them from deliberate shelling."
TELEGRAMS FOR KIMBERLEY.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— The Anglo-Amer
ican Telegraph Company to-day Issued the
following notice:
"From London we are again informed
that telegrams may now be accepted for
Klmberley, but only at the sender s risk."
Highland Brigade Suffered Most Seriously in
FOUGHT BRITISH
TO A STANDSTILL
GEN E RAL HECTOR MACDONALD
AMONG THE WOUNDED.
UNCLE SAM WILL
NOT INTERVENE
TO PREVENT SHELLING
OF WOMEN'S LAAGER
LOURENZO MARQUES. Feb. 20.-The
Official report received from Colonel
Baden-Powell of the occurrences in
Mafeklng up to February 5 concludes as
follows:
"General Enyxnan, in reply to a letter
somplalnlng of the deliberate shelling of
the women's and children's laager, of
fered no excuse or apology, and by a
DE WET REPORTS
A BRILLIANT VICTORY
LONDON. Feb. 22.— The Dally Mail has
the following dispatch from Lourenzo
Marques, dated February 21:
"Boer newspapers, dated February 19.
report that General De Wet won a brilliant
victory over the British troops at Modder
River. General Dutolt reports being de
feated by the British cavalry column
which got into Klmberley. He retreated
to Rlverton. sixteen miles north of Klm
berley. with all his guns lost and seven
men killed.
"According to th© same papers. General
Cronje succeeded in getting "through a
message to Koffyfonteln with the news
that he Is holding all his positions and
that the Boer cordon Is around Klmberlay
again.
that an attempt is likely to be made by
Boer supporters in the colony to force
easy terms for the Free Staters, now, or
soon, by holding out a threat of a Dutch
rising in the colony.
•"Any idea of leaving the Free* State its
independence would.be fatal to British In
terests The British people must not de
ceive themselves into thinking that It is
now only a walkover. They have a most
dangerously subtle and progressive foe to
deal with in more ways lhan it would be
politic to discuss publicly.
"There should be no halting In sending
out troops. A quarter of a million of Brit
ish troops will be none too many. The
more we have and the sooner they are
here ,the quicker . will be the end of the
war and, the. surer will be the settlement
that' Is to mean Justice to every one,
Dutch and British alike, and lasting peace
and certain prosperity to South Africa,"
WAR IS NOT OVER
BY ANY CALCULATION
j LONDON, Feb. 22.— The- Cape Town cor
respondent of the. Dally News says:
"It ? is" of the, very gravest Importance
that the British public be not carried
away byV recent successes into . a -belief,
thatthe war is practically." over.' Nothing
could -be more fatal to a satisfactory
prosecution of the war, and above all to a
satisfactory settlement of the whole coun
try after the war, than any relaxation of
military activity, any stoppage- of rein
forcements,": any s temporizing or bargain
ing; with the Free State 'or ' the Transvaal
through, mistaken ideas of magnanimity
toward : an assumedly ¦ beaten ¦ foe.;
i "The highest- authorities and the sound
est opinion here say that • the war ¦ has"
really only Just begun In earnest. : Indeed,
they say that the real struggle' will only
begin : when the ; present X military opera
tions end.
; "I have tho best reasons for, asserting
States interested in this, work with a view
to ¦ forming ' a ' central association I f 6r- r ex
tending' and . improving t the) organization
for their work. : Communications; can- be
addressed to John V.'.L.Pruyn. chairman,
16 East Tenth street, jNew. York. or. Tunis
G. Bergen, treasurer,' 65 i Liberty street,
New -York.- • " ¦¦'*'¦:'¦¦: ¦' • •¦' ¦"•¦•. : . ¦¦-
CHEERFUL RUMORS.
: LONDON, Fe,b.' Zl^— At a meeting of the
Town 'Council .to-day,- it ; was . announced
that news had reached *, Windsor. Castle
that : Ladysmith^had' been.. relieved! . The
announcement .was .received ';with i shouts
of "Bravb;' Buller.'', The rumor 1 of the re
lief of .Ladysmlth': has- again current
oh the Berlin and -London ; bourses..; There
is, » ho ' conflrmati on ,of ; , the ", Private
telegrams received, here from, Berlin thl*
afternoon • declare \ that > Cronje ¦is in 5 bad
position, bearing -out;! yesterday's, Berlin
rumor that : Cronje , was J surrounded 'and
that a .time : limit had ' been ¦ given ; within
which to capitulate. . . ?..., ..-..,
CAPTURE OF SUPPLIES
DESTINED FOR KIMBERLEY
PRETORIA, Feb. 18, via Lourenzo Mar
ques, Feb. 21.— A British flying column on
the way to Bloemfonteln was intercepted
near Roeders Rand by the I Boers. ; There
is heavy, fighting along: the Modder river,
between" Paardeberg and Roeders Rand.
Fighting is also in progress over a. wide
area to the north and "east of Kimberley.
The Boers have captured a' thousand cat
tle and large quantities of provisions des
tined for Klmberley.
TO AID RED CROSS WORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The American
committee to aid the Hed Cross work in
the - South African: war, with i special' ref
erence, to the .wounded of both .belliger
ents within the Boer lines, has issued an.
othrfr appeal, for aid. -The committee ¦ in
vites ; correspondence : from associations,
societies and committees in the United
W ONDON, Feb. 21.— The following dispatch has been received- at the War Office from Lord Roberts:
¦ > "PAARDEBERG, Tuesday, Feb. 20.— Between Feb. 16 and 19 Major Knox was wounded,
Major General Hector Mac Donald severely .wounded and Lieutenant' Colonel Aldworth killed.
"Other officers killed were: Captains Wardlaw and Newbury of the Duke of Cornwall's Light In
fantry and Lieutenants McLure of the Seaforth Highlanders, Courtenay of the Argyll and Sutherland
Highlanders, Siordel and Neave of the Yorkshire Regiment and Bright and Ballycton of the Oxford In
fantry." '.-'-.¦ ' ' -' ¦ :¦'¦' '
Then follows a list of wounded officers, including Colonel Bowles of the Yorkshire Regiment, Colo
nel Carthew-Yorkstoun of the Black Watch (Royal Highlanders), Captain H. M. • Arnold . (dangerously)
and Lieutenant J. C. Mason (slightly), botn of the Canadians.. .!:?; ¦ -;
- In .he Highland brigade sixteen officers .were wounded, including i General Hector Mac Donald;
Major the Hon. H. X Maxwell of the Black Watch (Royal Highlanders), brother of Lord Farnham, and
Lieutenant Ackers Douglass of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, son of the Right. Hon. Aretas
Acker-Douglass; First Commissioner of Works. . i « .
The War Office adjds that no details of the fighting have yet been received. These casualties oc
curred in fighting near Paardeberg. r P' : V: " ","*,'';"' J,
No Agreement Entered Into
With Germany as to War
in South Africa.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— 1n view of the persistent circulation of the
rumor that the Government of the United States has reached an agree
ment with the German Government, through Its representative. Baron
yon Holleben. to intervene between the combatants in South Africa,
the Associated- Press has secured from the highest authority a state
ment of the present position of the Government in this matter. This is to the
effect that there has been- absolutely no agreement reached between Secretary
Hay and Baron yon Holleben on the subject, nor has there been any discus
sion of the propriety of Joint mediation between the British and the Boers. Nor
has the United States Government undertaken or contemplated any Interven
tion on its own account. There has been no time, before or since th« outbreak
of the present war. that the President would not have, with the greatest
readiness, exercised his good offices in favor of peace if that could have been ac
complished without what he regarded as an unwarrantable breach of interna
tional law and the proprieties. Hl* present position is said to be precisely as
stated in the following sentence, extracted from his annual message to Con
gress:
"We have remained faithful to the precept of avoiding entangling alliance*
as to affairs not of our concern. Had circumstances suggested that the parties
to the quarrel would have welcomed any kindly expression of the hope of the
American people that war might be averted, good offices would have been
gladly tendered."
It will be noted that the keynote of the President's statement may be found
in the plural, form he uses; the invitation to mediate must come from botli
parties; a single invitation is not a sufficient warrant for Interference In bis
' view. - * . . •
Belief Even in London That
Cronje Has Been More Suc
cessful Than Pursuers.
LONDON. Feb. 22. 4a. m.— Lord Roberts' list of forty-nine killed and wound
ed officers, including two generals, in the engagements up to Sunday even
ing causes anxiety, especially as in the officers' list neither the losses of the
Welsh and Essex' regiments nor those of the Mounted Infantry are includ
ed. This is about the number that fell at Colenso, where the non-commis
eio&ed officers and men brought the total losses to SOO.
It is considered strange that when tending his casualties Lord Roberts gives
no information as to the result of the fighting. If he cent such a report the War
Office is withholding it. Moreover, nothing Is known as to what took place on
Monday. Tuesday and yesterday. The absence of details from Lord Roberts 1 dis
patch, contrasted with his rather full narratives during the first part of his op
erations, produces uneasiness among military observers.
All the comment In the morning newspapers, both editorial and critical, is
threaded with the disturbing suggestion that despite hard fighting General
Cronje has been able to beat off his pursuers, has escaped and is being reinforced
by rail from Ladysmith and by forces on foot and horseback from Northern Cape
Colony as well as the late beleaguered of Klmberley.
As the correspondents with Lord Roberta are silent the telegrams from Boer
sources receive some countenance. The latter aver that Cronje, while the British
were endeavoring to surround him between Paardeberg and Koodosrand. re
ceived reinforcements under De Wet and that together the Boer commanders
fought the British to a standstill. .
However all this may be, public opinion here will not be reassured until the
War Office issues' explicit statements of successes, which, of course, would clear
away the gathering doubts respecting the uninterrupted success of Lord Roberta*
forward movement.
No one doubts his ultimate success, but there is a fear of temporary disap
pointment and that a lot of hard fighting is yet ahead of the British.
The latest report regarding General Buller circulated in the House of Com
mons last evening was that an agent of the De Beers Company had received a
cablegram from Cape Town, which must have passed the censor, to the effect
that General Barton's Fusilier Brigade had reached the hills commanding Lady
emith. Quite apart from this, however, and from every other rumor, the early
relief of the beleaguered garrison Is thought inevitable.
Conflicting Reports From the Scenes of War in South Africa
Received, but the Free State Forces Claim to Be
Standing Off the- British.
ROBERTS EXPECTS T O CAPTURE CRONJE.
BULLER WITHIM SIGHT OF LADYSMITH.
VOLUME" LIOCJitTI— X O. $ 84.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyrighted. 1900. by the New York Herald Company. Republication of this
dispatch Is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON, Feb. 22.— The Dally Mail published this dispatch
from its special correspondent:
PIETERMARITZBURG, Feb. 2!. T The collapse of the Boers
on the Tugela appears to be complete In the trenches of two
captured camps large quantities of ammunition and stores
were found, which points to a hurried flight. Ladysmith is
now in sight of our front.
The War Office has received the following from General
BuIIer:
"CHIEVELEY CAMP, Wednesday.— The Fifth Division
crossed the Tugela to-day by pontoon and drove back the
enemy's rear guard, our naval twelve-pounder silencing all
the enemy's £uns."
[Special Cable to the New York Hera Id. Copyrighted. 1900. by the New York
Herald Company. Republicatlon of this dispatch is prohibited. All rights
reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON, Feb. 22.— This dispatch fron)
its special correspoodent is published by the
Daily Mail :
CAPE TOWN (Wednesday), Feb. 21.— T^e
correspondent of the Cape Argus, telegraph
ing from Paardeberg, says General Cronje is
surrounded. Shelling and musketry fire are
proceeding. The enemy is stubbornly re
sisting. Tbe British expect to capture
Cronje's wrjole force.All the former patrons and scores of new ones are coming back to have thefr
orders filled at Smiths' Cash Store. Nothing strange about this. Th# new pro-
prietors want to Bell JGO.OOO in 30 days and are doing it as fast as tha salesoeoDle
can handle the goods. 'Tla prices that tell; goods are all right. Out of town
orders filled and shipped with care. a
NOTE CAREFULLY THE FOLLOWING :
SLIPPERS K5 palrs $1 X F elt SUpp-rs. embroidered toe, now 60 cents.
MEN'S BOOTSf^a^ffe^i^^^^Jw'S^ 11116 ™ or othe ™
LADIES' SHOES ™^ variety of style,
TOYS J" cl " dInK $ ol \ tea iets. musical Instruments, animals, marbles games
£ 1< !f ks J md a hundr *l o^er things, at half the regular seUing price! S^e
DRYGOODS IS^T^&i^^aSf m w -
SOAP ci^.^Ta^per^c^esTn^ *«*» « t*
BUCKWHEAT 2000 V******* Eastern Buckwheat, self-rißlng. at 10 cents.
TOMATOES Somethln *' you'U Uke— B oents can, 90 cents dozen.
All thft papers for a grand clearance nale 9 g|q || irM jg
Saturday. Come by B. a. m. If possible. r*A*^M CTAr»c
No- end to the money you will save by be- V*»v»« v>lvll%C»
Ing on time. This Bale Is authorized, and ' The oririnsJ reliable sad largest mall order
will be conducted by the new owners. boute - Ask for C*talo»ues. tree.
stwo closes %t J2 noon to-day, cd, . . , 25-27 Market St., osaf t&e Fern.
WERE NOT RECONCILED.
Mrs. Buchanan Denies a Story Which
Has Gained Publicity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 21— Mrs. Robert
Buchanan denies a story that* has gained
circulation to the effect that she and her
former husband were reconciled In Judge
Gardner's court and will be remarried.
"Out of Justice to' Mr. Buchanan and
myself," said Mrs. Buchanan, "I think
the matter should be explained. It is
true, of course, that we met In Judge
Gardner's courtroom, but so far as being
reconciled and leaving the room together
is concerned, that is an error. .
"My former husband was arrested, and
I very unwillingly went into court to tes
tify. The statements that Mr. Buchanan
deserted me before we were divorced and
that he was discharged .by the railway
company are likewise false.' I obtained
the divorce 'on the 'ground of intemper
ance. He never deserted me. >•••/-•
"I am very sorry that these statements
gained publicity, as they have caused
me much unnecessary suffering."
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues, of soap; this
one is enough. .You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it
AH sort* of stores sell it, especially
troggiata; all sorts of people nsc it .
LONDON. Feb. 21.— Charles Piazci
Smyth, for forty-three years astronomer-
royal for Scotland, is dead, aged 61 years.
MRS. NEWHALL SUED
FOR COSTLY JEWELRY
Special Dispatch to Tbe CalL
SAN JOSE, Feb. ' 21.— There appears to
be no end to the troubles among the vari
ous members of the family of the late
Sylvester Newhall, which commenced
with the death of the latter several years
ago. To-day another action was com
menced by Mrs. Beesle Hawley. a daugh
ter, against her stepmother. Mrs. Mary
E. NewhalL
This suit, with the suit filed against J.
Nathan and wife, shows that Mrs. Haw
ley, who until a few years ago was a so
ciety belle of San Jose, made many per
sonal sacrifices of valuable Jewelry and
wearing apparel while with the other
children she waged a contest with her
stepmother for a share of the several
hundred thousand dollars left by her
father. At the death of Sylvester New
hall the children discovered that Mrs.
Newhall held deeds to most all the prop
erty. A contest to have the deeds set
aside on the ground of unsoundness of
mind and . undue Influence was com
menced, and was only a few months ago
compromised.
Now trouble has again arisen and to
day Mrs.- Hawley sued Mrs. Mary E. New
hall for a lot of Jewelry valued at $247;.
and for $1000 damage for tb^ detention of
the same. The complaint recites that
plaintiff was in possession of the articles
on October 21, 1&93, but since then her
stepmother has refused to give them to
her, thus greatly annoying and harassing
plaintiff. The Jewelry in question is a
gold watch, a cluster diamond ring, a sollr
talre diamond ring, a nine-stone diamond
ring, a cluster ruby and diamond ring, a
largeemerald ring and a white stone dia
mond ring. . . . .-
In the suit brought against J. Nathan
and wife, also filed to-day. Mrs.' Hawley
seeks possession of a promissory note
valued at $4SO. executed by her brother.
Can Newhall. to her on June 19, 1593, and
the return of the following wearing ap
parel: A silk mohair dress skirt, a black
silk skirt, a feather boa. a lady's .tailor
made suit and an opera waist. She places
the value of the wearing apparel at $350.
and. declares defendants have refused to
surrender the same and appropriated the
fame to their own use. In all Mrs. Haw
ley wants $S2O, or the surrender of. the
note and wearing apparel.
Mrs. Hawley was formerly the wife: of
George. Hawley of San Francisco,' but" a
few years ago he obtained a divorce from
her.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
Committee Reports Fa?orably on
the Bill for the Presera
tion of the Big Trees.
Special Dispatch to The C*lL
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2L— The House
Committee on Public Lands to-day re
ported favorably on Representative De
Vries' resolution authorizing the Sec
retary of the Interior, at the earliest
practicable date, to open negotiations for,
and If possible procure, a bond upon the
lands occupied by the grove of trees In
the Mammoth Tree Grove and South Park
Grove of Big Trees, situated in Calaveraa
County, for their preservation and control
by the Federal Government.
The Senate to-day passed Senator Tur
ner's bill authorizing the Cape Nome
Transportation, Bridge and Development
Company to construct a traffic bridge
across Snake River at Nome City.
Senator Perkins to-day prevented the
resolutions adopted by the Board of Trade
of Los Angeles favoring the assistance of
Congress for the preservation of the mer
chant marine, and asking an appropria
tion (or. an Unner harbor at ' San Pedro.
Also the resolutions adopted by. the Board
of Trade of San Francisco favoring the
"passage of the ship* subsidy bill.
Representative Kahn has received a
petition from the leather manufacturers
of California requesting him to endeavor
to induce Congress to remove the duty
on raw hides, as Its continuance is work
ing great injury to their business on the
coast. Kahn laid the matter before
"Chairman Payne of the Ways and Means
Committee to-day. Payne said that, while
he fully agreed with the petitioners and
was . personally opposed to a duty on
hides, he thought there would be no
change in the existing tariff laws during
this session. -. .
The Senate Committee on Public Lands
will have a special meeting on Friday,
when, in executive session, It will con-
Fider Alaskan legislation. The commit
tee feels that whatever legislation is to
be brought forward for Alaska should be
proposed as soon as possible. There has
been another $60,000 Inserted In the naval
bill for as ordnance shop at Port Orchard
station. Washington, making 'the whole
appropriation as the bill now stands
EM-Of").
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a bill
directing the ' President to place Isaac R.
Dunkelberger, late captain of the First
Cavalry, on the retired list.
The Postofflce Department will on April
1 establish two sub-stations of the San
Francisco Postofflce, one at Mission street
and Silver avenue and one at Height and
Fiilmore streets.
L. B. Peck was to-day appointed Post
master at EHeinor. Riverside County, vice
J. K. Schaxnfck, removed.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War Brigadier General George M.
Randall, commanding the Department of
Alaska, having completed his duties In
this city, will proceed to join his tempo
rary station at Seattle. General Randall
will be accompanied on his . Journey by
Captain \WIIds P. Richardson. Eighth In
fantry, acting as assistant adjutant gen
eral of the Department of Alaska, and
First Lieutenant Howard R. Hickok.
Ninth Cavalry, aid-de-camp. - First Lieu
tenant Elmer A. Dean, assistant Burgeon,
is relieved from further duty In the De
partmfnt of California and will proceed
by the first available transport to the
Philippine Islands.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed ap follows:
California: Original — Adalbert A.
Houghton. Oakland. *«;. Clark Ralston.
Merced. $12. Increase— Felix 'Campbell,
So.diem Home, Loi Asg^les, $6 to -*S;
Fletcher Pomeroy, Burbank. 16 to $S:
George A. P*tty, Los Angeles, $6 to S3.
Reissue— Thomas W. Soule, Broderlck. W.
Mexican War lurvivors—lncrease—Gard
ner Ramsey. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
& to $12: Overton H. Foster, Dunlap. $3
to $12: Oliver J. Stonrh, San Diego. $8.
Washington: . Original- widows, etc.—
Margaret J. Shearer, Spokane. $S. •
BROMWELL OPPOSES
PORTO RICAN BILL
First Republican Representa
tive Heard Against the
Measure.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— Fcr the firrt
tine in the debate upon the Porto Rican
tariff bill the voice of a Republican was
raised to-day against the measure. Brom
weU of Ohio spoke against the biiL He
opposed it on the ground cf policy. His
hostility, however, was not so absolute
but that he announced his intention to
vote fcr !t if the substitute failed. The
other speakers to-day were Ray of New
York and Long of Kar.sas for the bill and
Her.ry of Texas against it.
The Republicans have decided to hold a
caucus for conference on the bill on Sat
urday night. Although there are said to
be between twenty ard thirty Republicans
who ere hostile to the till the Republi
can leaders who are canvassing the eitu
ation say that not more than four cr five
will cast their votes against it. They say
several Democrats will support it- The
only Democrat who is outspoken in his
advocacy cf the bill is Davey of Louisl
l_->._ He represents ore of the largest
car.c sugar interests in the South. Oth
€r», including Mayer and Eroussard of
Louisiana ezui Davis and' Sparkrnan" of
Florida, sre taid to be in the doubtful
column, but- the Democratic whip says
that only Davey nf Louisiana ar<d Sibley
of Pennsylvania will vote for it- Wilson
of Idaho, a Ellvrr Republican, is ?a:d to
be lp.clined to vote fpr the bill. 'Some of
the Republican opponents, of the bill who
di*:ikr- to iro on. record against -their party
believe that the way out of the dilemma
In whi^h they find themselves is to- vote
to recommit the measure. On account of
the »re«3re for time the debate here*
after will begin at 11 o'clock ar.d there
will fee night sesnirma Thursday acd Fri
day.
Sophomore Cotillon.
sr»~isl Dispetch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 21.—
Arrar.gcmeatf have be<-n completed to
give the animal Sophomore cotillion to
morrow right in the Escir.a Club rooms.
The committee en arrangements has
f pared no r>2ics to make the dane« a suc
cess. A. L- Bancroft, president of the
ois.es.. will lead the cctiilon. The patron
fsses mill be ilrs. Jordan. Mrs. Etillman,
?.Trs. Murray. Mrs. Wood. Mrs. Hudson.
Mr*. Btprey, Mrs.- Tattle and Mr«. Fair
'!«urh.
PROPOSED CHANGES
IN SHIPPING BILL
Number of Amendments Made In
a Substitute Submitted to
tbe House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. TL—Tvot of th«
Republican members of the House Ccra
> mlttee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries,
who have differed from their associates on
the terms of the shipping bill, to-day com
pleted a sub-bill, which was Introduced by
Representative Minor of Wisconsin, those
acquiescing with him in the measure be
ing Stevens of Minnesota. Jones of Wash
ington and Fordney of Michigan. The
bill follows the general plan of the orig
inal, but makes a number of amendments.
The most important or these, summed up
by Stevens and Minor, are:
The period of the subsidy is limited so
that vessels built since January 1. 1900,
shall have subsidy for twenty years, with
full rate for the first ten years and a '
slight decrease for the remaining ten I
years. Vessels built before January 1. WO. !
have the full subsidy for ten years. The I
original bill fixes twenty years as the pc- I
riod of subsidy.
The sub-bill provides that vessels oat
ward bound shall carry a cargo agprejrat- j
ing one-half of the tonnage for
which they draw compensation, cxaking
allowance of space for tonnage, bo. that
perishable goods and li^ht manufactured
goods shall be regulated by space. Instead I
of weight. Reductions for passenger and
mail space on passencer steamers are
made, in order to ascertain cargo ca
pacity.
Another change places all vessels built 1
abroad on the same basis In respect to ]
compensation. Instead of classifying them. :
In determining compensation the test for
speed Is Increased from four to six hours
with average speed for that time. There
is a prohibition against payment of com
pensation to any vessel peculiarly con
structed for transportation of mineral oils
only.
As a means of eliminating old and un
serviceable vessels, provision Is made that i
all vessels receiving compensation shall ¦
receive and maintain the highest classl- j
fication in the Lloyds or some standard :
register. There Is a provision for the ad- ',
mission to American reprlstry of all ships i
purchased abroad by the United States :
during the war with Spain, and now under ¦
the American flag. It Is provided that '
there shall be an Inspection and classifica
tion of vessels needed for Government
purposes, and an approval of naval offi
cers. Such vessels shall not be sold out
side of the United States without consent
from the Government.
HE LATE DR LESLIE E. KEELEY OF GOLD CURE FAME
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 2L— Dr. Leslie
E. Keeley, the Inventor of the Kee
ley cure- for the liquor habit, died
at his home on Adams street, in this
city at 7 o'clock this morning of
heart disease. He had been 111 with
a severe cold for two days, but nothing
serious was feared from it. Early this
morning, while going to his bathroom,
he had an attack of heart failure, but re
covered and later said there was nothing
Berious the matter with him. Dr. West
Hughes, a specialist In heart diseases,
was called, but,before he reached the resi
dence Mr. Keeley had had a second at
tack, and he died at 7 o'clock. There were
with him his wife and Judge Ewing, the
noted Christian Scientist of Chicago, who
has been stopping at the Keeley home for
several days.
The body will ultimately be taken to
Dwlght for interment, but as yet no ar
rangements for the funeral nave been
made. Mr. Keeley has been in Southern
California two winters.
Mr.- Keeley was 63 years of age. H»
leaves a widow, but no children. ¦ Th»
only heir to his estate, besides his widow.
Is his sister, who lives at Dwight,' 111.,
Mr. Keeley's former home. The estate
is valued at $1,000,000.
Dr. Leslie E. Keeley's early years were
spent in St. Lawrence County, New York.
He went through the civil war as an
army surgeon and then settled down to
the practice of medicine In the .little
town of Dwight, 111. Thereby he rescued
it from obscurity.
It has been said of Dwight that more
drunkards have entered it and fewer have
departed from It than any other place
on the globe.
For many years he was as little known
to the outside world as the village Itself.
According to his own story, he devoted
all his energies to the study of drunken
ness as a disease — he said he was the first
man to so regard it, and even In Dwlght
found no lack of material.
I After many experiments he reached. In
ISTB, the conclusion that gold as a chloride
is a positive cure for alcoholism and that
the same base, with a change of men
struum, is also a cure for the opium habit.
Two years later he started an institute In
Dwlght for the cure of inebriates that has
since become world-famous as the mecca
of dipsomaniacs. The results he ob
tained by his treatment did not entirely
satisfy him. In ISS6 he shut up his insti
tute that he might devote his entire time
to experimenting for better results.
After eighteen months he again opened
its doors, at which time he added the hy
podermic treatment, which haa since be
come a distinctive feature of the cure.
Patients began to flock to him. Contro
versies raged about his cure. Many physl
i clans scoffed at It. But the remarkable
faith -In him shown by large majority of
those - who had taken his cure soon
brought about a change in public opin
ion concerning him, and he became an
object of respectful professional consider
ation, notwithstanding that his treatment
was In part secret, in violation of the code
of medical ethics.
• "Graduates" of hla institute formed a
Keeley Association and held reunions pub
licly, proclaiming to the world their vic
tories over the demon .of intemperance
through the gold cure. Some famous men
were among them. Branch Institutions
were established and the member* In
creased rapidly over the country. It long
since became apparent that in the gold
cure Dr. Keeley had struck a gold mine.
DEATH OF DR. KEELEY
OF GOLD CURE FAME
Stricken With Heart Disease at Los
Angeles, Where He Was Spending
lllu YV 111 lul i
COSTA RICA
WILL FIGHT
NICARAGUA
War Between the Central
American Republics
Inevitable.
ARMED INVASION EXPECTED
President Zelaya Declares Martial
Law and Troops Move to
the Frontier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.—
War between Costa Rica and Nicaragua
Is regarded as Inevitable as a result of
the dispatch of a revolutionary expedition
of invasion from the latter country Into
the territory of the former republic. Con
cerning the situation Minister Merry, ac
credited to the two governments as dip
lomatic representative of the United
States, haa wired to Secretary Hay to this
effect:
"Revolutionary Invasion expected from
Nicaragua. Martial law declared. Troops
moving to the frontier."
No request was made by Minister Merry j
for a man-of-war and the State Depart- j
menf consequently has not requested the I
Navy Department to cable Instructions to '
Rear Admiral Farquahar directing him I
to proceed or Bend a vessel to Nicaragua. 1
It Is likely that the Ranger, which la at j
Panama, will be ordered to proceed to \
Brito or to some point in close comaiuni- ¦
cation with the capitals of Nicaragua and j
Costa Rica, so as to take such measures
for the protection of American interests
as may seem desirable.
Would Preserve Peace.
The efforts of this Government, which
is peculiarly interested in preserving the
peace of the two republics, will be di
rected toward averting hostilities. In this
connection it is recalled that just before
the war with Spain there was grave dan
ger of war between Nicaragua and Costa
Rica and revolutionary expeditions were j
fitting out in Nicaragua to invade the j
neighboring republic, but by diplomatic I
negotiations Minister Merry and Captain j
L*"Utz, who then commanded the Alert,
eucceeded in inducing representatives of !
the two republics to sisrn an agreement ]
on board ship which brouzht a close to '
the controversy. It is hoped by the offl- i
clals that Minister Merry will take such
steps as may seem necessary to preserve
the peace.
The authorities are particularly Inter
ested at this time in the maintenance of
the present government in Costa Rica.
President Iglesias has expressed his ap
proval of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty and
in order to prevent complications In tha
construction of the canal has declined to
make any concessions respecting tha
canal to private corporation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO yOAISLi, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
KANSAS CITY HAY
GET THE CONVENTION
6p«clsJ Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2L— On the eve of
the meeting of the National Democratic
Committee, which assembles here to-mor
row to fix the time and place for holding
the Democratic National Convention.
Kansas City and Milwaukee are strug
gling earnestly for the honor of entertain
ing the convention. Although there ia
some desultory talk of Cincinnati as a
compromise, the fight is between Milwau
kee and the metropolis of the Southwest,
with the chances to-night seemingly in
favor of the latter place. Milwaukee has
raised a fund of $100,000 for the entertain
ment of the convention. The amount
which Kansas City is expected to expend
has not been disclosed.
Senator Jones, chairman of the commit
tee, is holding aloof from the fight and not
throwing the weight of his influence either
way. The Milwaukee boomers are mak
ing much of the political effect of holding
the convention In Wisconsin for Its effect
upon the Germans, who, they assert are
disposed to be hostile to the administra
tion's expansion policy.
After counting noses to-night. Kansas
City claims a clear majority of the votes,
but the Milwaukee contingent was equally
certain that it had a majority. The con
sensus of opinion Is that the convention
will be held before the Republican con
vention, early In June or the latter part of
May.
DE. KZLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. '
DO YOU GET DP
WITH A LAME BACK?
ilk m^^^VM^
...
Do You Realize the Danger You Are In?
Pala cr dull ache in the back ia 0::-
mistakab2e evidence of kidney trouble.
It is nature's timely warning to show
you that the track of health, is not
clear.
If the** darrer signals are unheeded.
rr.or* serious results are sure to follow;
Bright* disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble, may eteal cpoa
you.
The mild and the extraordinary eitect
of the world famous kidney remedy,
Stvarr.p-Root, is soon realized. It
ftands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. A
trial will convince any cm — and you
may have a sample bottle for the ask-
ing.
Lame back Is enly one symptom of
kidney trouble — one of many. Other
symptoms showing that you need
Swarr.p-Roct, are, obliged to pass wa-
ter often during the day and to get up
inar.y tln-.es at night, smarting or Irri-
tation in passing, brick dust or sedi-
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad-
der, censtart headache, dizziness, sleep-
Wsnets, nervousness, irregular heart-
beating, rheumatism, bloating, irrita-
bility, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh or sallow com-
plexion.
If your water when allowed to re-
main undisturbed. In a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours forma a sedl-
sent or settling or has a cloudy ap-
r^arance. It is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need Immediate at-
tention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for S-warop-Root
is the most perfect healer and rentle
aid to the kidneys that Is known to
medical science.
Swamp-Root is the triumphant dis-
covery of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kid-
ney and bladder specialist. HospitaJs
use It with marked euccess in both
slight and severe cases. Doctors rec-
ommend it to their patients and use it«
In their own families, because they
recognize in Swamp-Root the greatest
and most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there 1b
a trace of It in your family history.
eend at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Blnghamton, N. T.. who will gladly
pend you free by mall immediately,
without cost to you. a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a book of wonderful
Swamp-Root testimonials. Be sure to
say that you read this generous offer in
The San Francisco Dally CalL -
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what your need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and SI
elxe bottle at druc stores. Don't make
any mistake, but remember the name.
FTvamp-Root-_ _.__ _ J;*.'
BATTLE HAS
RAGED FOR
FOUR DAYS
No Official News of the Big
Engagement Has Reached*
STRATEGY OF CRONJE TELLS
Commander of the Free Staters Has
Been Reinforoed Prom Cape
Colony and Natal.
Special -CaWe to The Call aad Xew York Her
ald. Copyrighted. IS*X by the New York
Herald Cotnpany.
LONDON. Feb. 22.— A great battle' has
been raging along the line .of Modder
River, between Paardeberg and Koo
doosrand, for four days. The genius of
Roberts has been pitted against the
strategy of Cronje. No official details of
the big engagement have been received
In London beyond an. Incomplete list of
casualties among officers, which Is ex
ceedingly heavy and seems to Indicate
fierce fighting. Dispatches from Cape
Town state that the Boers are sorround
ed and that their discomfiture is assured,
but official messages published In Pre
toria assert that General Cronje Is hold-
Ing his own and has repulsed all British
attacks so far. inflicting heavy .loss, while
Buffering only slightly himself. In the
absence of definite news from Roberts
and Kitchener and correspondents who
are with them the rerult of the fighting
Is enveloped in doubt. From scattering
dispatches from both British and Boer
sources It would appear that Lord Rob
erts' plan worked excellently so far as
his troops are concerned, but Cronje,
who has been reinforced trom Northern
Cape Colony, and possibly Natal, haa
be«n able to put up a much stronger re
sistance than was expected-
•
MAIL NOT OPENED
AND NO SECRET TREATY
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— The answer
of the State Department to the House
resolution calling for information regard
ing certain charges made by the late Con
sul Macrum was transmitted to the Hocea
to-day by the President. It is signed by
Secretary Hay and, after reciting the res
olution, say*:
Answering the first part of the resolution:
The Department of State haa been In reffirtar
communication by mail and telegraph with
Cbarles E. Macrum. late Consul of the United
States at Pretoria. South African P^pab'.lc
t'.noa hla entrance opon the duties of the office.
Comssanleatlona made to him have been an
awered and the ezeootioa of instructions aent
has beea reported by him. Bla dispatches to
the department were forwarded through the
CoE*nlate at LoOrenxo Martjnea. and bare, dur
ing- that time, been regnlarty ¦ received. The
only Instance 'of complaint In respect to the
tranalt of malls for Licurenzo* Marques and
Pretoria was In Kovesaber la*t, when a t«m
'poray stoppage of the mails occurred at Cape
Town, against which Mr. Macrum and th«
Ccr.su! at Lourenzo Marsues protested. Ar
rangements wens made for the prompt delivery
of the Consular mails to the United States
Consul al Caoe Colony, by whom the mail for
Mr. HouJa and. Mr. Macrum was forwarded to
Lourenso Marauas. Tee delay lasted but a
few days asd baa not recurred, so far aa the
department Is advised. After that time the de
partment's mall for Lourenzo Marques and
Pretoria was sect by a neutral route, which it
appears was. known and open to Mr. Macrum
and Mr. Hollls as early as November 6 last.
No obstacle, therefore. Is known to have ex
isted alnoa then to Mr. Mac rum's unhampered
correspondence with the Department of State.
At no time while at his post did Mr. Macrum
report to the department any violation by open-
Ine or otherwise of his official mail by the
British censor at Durban or by any persons
or persons whatsoever, there or elsewhere.
Neither has he so reported since he left Pre
toria, although fcavlngr ample opportunity to do
; so by mall while on the way home or In per
i eon when be reaahed the department upon his
return home.
Answering the eeeond part of the aforesaid
resolution, tha undersigned, the Secretary of
.State, has the' honor to say. that there Is no
truth in the charge that a tecret alliance exists
between the republic of the United States and
the empire of Great Britain; that no form of
secret alliance is possible under the constitu
tion of the United States, inasmuch as treaties
require the adrice and consent of the Senate.
and. finally, that no secret alliance, convention,
arransement or understanding exists between
' the United £tatea and any other nation.
JOHN HAT. .
Department cf Etate. Feb. 20. 1900.
CRONJE REPORTS THAT
HE REPULSED THE BRITISH
PRETORIA, Feb. 15. — A portion of an
official report from Cronje, dated Sunday,
has been given out as follows: "Yester
day morning about 6 o'clock, while remov
ing the laager near Scholtz Nek, we wrre
attacked by the British. The fight lasted
until 7:30 in the evening. Although on the
whole the British were driven back, they
each time resumed the attack. The loss
to the British must have been considera
ble. Thus far the Boer loss I haa bf en
eight killed and twelve wounded. Th.s
morning the British shelled us with can
non. Chief Commandant Ferrerairas'
force was too email to' stop the cavalry
from entering Klmberley."
LONDON, Feb. 21.— A dispatch from
Pretoria dated Tuesday announces that
Commandant Ferreralras was killed Mon
day, adding that hie death was believed
to be the' result of an accident.
PRETORIA. Feb. 20.— Additional official
reports have been received as follows:
Commandant Stein says on Saturday, Jeb
ruary 37, and Sunday,. February IS, near
Koodoosrand, he fought the British, who
tried to encompass General Cronje's
laager, and drove them off. They fought
until -late Sunday evening. Tha i Boors
had one man killed and one wounded.. and
captured booty and twenty-one captured
horses and mules. General D« "Wet says
that on Sunday afternoon he arrived bo
fore Paardeberg and Koodoosrand, in
which direction there has been heavy fir
ing since morning. He stormed several
kopjes which the British vacated, leav
ing their dead and wounded aad forty
prisoners in the bands of the Boers, who
captured the kopjes. The Boer loes was
two killed and four wounded. The .fight
lasted until late in the evening.
SIEGE OF LADYSMITH
MAY SOON BE RAISED
BERLIN.. Feb, 2L— The Tageblatt : pub-
Ushes 'special dispatches from Brussels
which say the "¦ Transvaal * legation there
announces that all the Boers are evacuat
ing Natal, their positions In that, colony
being no longer tenable.
General Joubert, It is added, has or
dered the concentration of all the.avail
able forces to oppose Lord Roberts. The
siege of Laaygmith, it further announces,
will be raised, and it is expected. General
Buller will enter the town at the end of
tha week.
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRONG TESTTMONY.
After Years of Scleatlfic Research
This Eminent Practitioner Pre-
scribes and Indorses Duffy's Para
Malt Whiskey for Medicinal TJsa.
M-* . Worthtertou. Mmi-
Dear Tfti-*'"- I ha.f« ro^r kind ttyvr. la
which you do vo» tbe honor ci a**:cjr"lf It is
m£that I m»=sni«a Dorr* Malt VTSUtey. "
T^u add tSat Ton "woald net expect It of «
»v?wSd teßipwacee ran. awS * BvsA*r School
Sap*rtatend»nt." Pear r&adajs, I Ail a , te=s-
t-Ata"* man. aad kstr* no wcrda «trc=s
«QBgS to «pr«. et dU*u»i aad ««e«tattoa ?f? f
th* vU« wfciJkey Usat peoples bell. 1 »«.-!
that it w»re a recesslzed crime to niasu.ac.ur?
iri mn U. Persl* WILL drtek. «d £j^"W
that tf they mast do »o they uj*tiw PJ« '»•-,-
t!c!« that will not rain brain. JVn7A_ *y- "~j
The Duffy Malt •WThlaJreT i* * i *F >I< 2^lCT C; 4C ;4
»tamp«d as »uch. It 1» not a Tile ccspoan-i v^
traahTpoi«.n a=d slops. I n« it In Uooratonr
work, because tr it I K« «*»• true P"'.»-?j--g- c ?'
eff«ct of a pura liquor, wstn aeee9«ar> -o
prescribe. I write the case fa ton. *=¦;«*- £;
writ!r.s "«?«. franiesU." (I wo«id tha: er-ry
pfcyiiciaa did the same.) .. ..
The ciedlcal profession need to p^T »•
best, the pnrtr:— asd no other. If rt «id m. L
It were so that only pare rs*4irfr.e» w«r« us*^.
it would advase* n:<wsrca! »c?#sc« a=d adva=!a.*»
mankind. Duffy's Malt fVfclskey lacks th* «•¦
inant— fasel oil— that Jr. Jar*» the system. Can I
do otherwise than star.d up tea it. and stasS.
denouncing POISON whiskey?
I have stated this b«for» in jrtrtrtic print. an£
I think I make trys^l? plain. At leaat I hay»
my sronnda. nppcrted by l-ai'.s* teap^rasc*
people; and amen* ray we!l- wishers I fcoj* to
have yourself.
Stacerely. ar.d ad-rocatias; eenierraatioa ol ta»
devil's weapons, I aa truly years.
WILLARD H. MORSE. M-D. asd F.S.Se..
American Director Bureau Materia Medlca.
New Tar*.
Dr. 3lors« Is not only aa M. D.. and a F. 9.
i Sc. but is a well-known Therap»Tit!;«t. and ; a
Consulting Chemist of national reputation. He
Is the American Director of the lamatolcg^cal
Bureau, and Fellow of the Soe>ty of Sc!»nc»
< British), as well as authcr of Urn Text Book
j "Xew TheraptntlcaJ Agmtg." etc.
CAPE NOME
TBAHSPOamiOH COMPANIES.
f^ PACIFIC COAST
|g^^ STEAMSHIP CO.
Hr^K@B| FOR THE
fsgyN cape
NOME
GOLD FIELDS.
Taa Xa-w and Palatial Steel Stsaa»&!9
SEHST-A-TOIR.
Will Sail From Pan F"ranc!»co
MAI IJTH FOR THE
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle. Learinir Ther* May ISth.
Subsequent Trips Will B* From P*a:;!e Direct.
Namely:
June 21st. July list and Atis^ist 10th.
Passensers ar* advised to inspect the S»natcr
before purchasing tickets via other st«js*ra.
as her second- class and st~?ra«» accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-clas» a^ccmrao-
dationa ca most of tha steamers advertised for
Xorae.
Tha Paelfla Coaat Steam*h':> Cc=r*=r h*»
been running its steamers to A.asia— wirt-r aad
summer— for 3 yearm a=2 1» ti« YVxAttT Pa-
cific Coast Line.
F>r further lsf.-rmatirs is^=ir» a!
J. F. TP.OWBRIDO2.
Ocean DocK Bealti*. 'Vaji.
X. POSTON. •.
343 "Wash:=jrtoo n.. P=rCi=i Or.
W PAJUU3.
12* TVsst Se^cn 1 ! «t_ Los Ax^gss, OS.
GOO Zj ALL. &Z2iJZZX= at CO-.
O*r» AX*2SM.
4 X rw v f-r—.mr y k_. or
I* 1 v»-ir»» as.. Sl=. FrussLsoo, Cai.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WiH Dispatch th» Al Irca Aaerlsaa
BteansMp.
(CAPACITY SOOO TOXS)
FOR ME DIRECTi
Sailing from San Francisco
Monflay, May 21, 1900.
FIRST CLAJSB .. $110.00
SECOND CLASS — ~ TSjOO
STEERAGE — ~.«. CO.OO
P;eeU.! rates for frefsM and tssttraao*.
- Through passenger and fraight aerrlc* t»
Dawsoa asd all pc'.r.ts en Taksn River.
THE ALASKA EIPLORATIOS CO,,
139 POST STBEET.
Ther* is nothing ITk» ELJECTRICTTT to r»
life. Tiza. and vigor into weak men or woaaou
Druga glT* bat temporary relief: act cterair aa
a stlxnnlaat. tat Electricity Siaa t» ill »»**
tarts of tba body. Imparting catur* s tare*
thereto aad doing tha required work sorely ar 1
In a permanent manner. If "run dowxf* Im
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. U«e aa Electrlo Belt, far that is tha
best method cf »rplyi=* It; but ba sora you g»e
a, good ca* while you ara about it; ta short, try
**t>r. Plerce'a." for It !s ruaraate«d to ba taa
test El •ctri o B«lt on tarth.
CT "Booklet Kb. V fre« at ef2e» er east "by
null for aJc stamp, tells all shoot it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C 3 llarket street. SAJTFRANCTSCtX
U Trlbsns BuUdlnx. SEW TORS.
I" J m Ps>| il *Wi BT 6s|
3 Ja H la M^B KM ¦£§§ fa S3Sfc t»
rg/ "1 Jm.y9rmr»a Di—otea FaiUag Men*
CJ 3» el WTi. Slaeyteaonwaa. ate. erased Cy ow-
,p «.\ I wort aad ladiscratioaa. Tkry sfaidttv
j\ •~T or jou a*, and CA m maa fCr axady. bssV>
g/CSMOV ness or pl«aear«. Prervat fcw.atal
TS^£aa3?Gonsaaptioa if takaa ia tise. TWr
o"» sio-* j tamed tats imorovm&ea; aaa t£>cta C33J2
*&eret!!otberaf*i!. lasist uponhanßg tha fa-ztn
AJaxTahtots. Thay h»»- corxd thousands and wili
ran y jo. We (ive a positive written gnaxastae b> »£-
f«c* a car* la each caae or reread tha moaey. Prio»
Cn nt« par pec kaxv>. or six packages Hull tms-
311 CIS. mast) for »a.&O by mail. iaTpiala wra^e*
opon r*-»lpt of price. Circßiarslre**-
AJAX REMEDY CO.,
Fcr ¦*!• ta ». T. if L*tna!ti A Co.. No Per-
•xatags Drag Co». Owl Drug Ox. 8. T.. Oxtl X.
DMALL'S ktLNVIGORAfORg^?^
Five hundred rew»rd for any t^j^l^jjl
case we caanct cure. Tola secret w**** ""rSI
remedy stops all leases ia 14 H bf
hoars, cares Emlailar.*.. Impo- lJL£^ IT^i .
teacy. Vartoocele. Gonorrhoea, fjrf.l P,.IJ
Gleet. Kits. Strictures. Lost /rr-J fiita
Manhood and all wastins efiects ««E2_KJSI
of eeU-abos* or excesses. Seat "
aealid. tl botUe: S botUe*. Vi: iraaraatr*! ta
cure any ease. Address RaLL'3 MEDICAI' IN-
FnTXTE. K5 Broadway. OaXUnd, CaL A!»
fcr aale at 10734 Market st. 3. F. AU pri\AU
6i*<iutf cui:kly cured. Seai tsx tta &«*»... .
Dr. Parker"* Cough Cure. One dos« will stop
a oough. Never rails. Try it All CnggietM. •
Slaps for All Schools.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 2L— L*»nts of Ohio
to-day Introduced In the House a bill to
provide for the public distribution of a
United States map to all schools In the
United Suits.
Stops the Couah and Work* Off the Cold.
Laxatlv* Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a cold
la one da^, Ko cure, no pay- Price 2Sa.
2WASHINGTON. Feb. n.^Aeearfitae tor
information received at the "War Depart
ment from Manila, at the end of the pres
ent expedition of General Bates into tha
two provinces at the extreme ¦outh«nv
part of the Island of Luzon, military op«-'
rations In the Philippines will close. JLf
terward, it is stated, there is nothing to
do but to undertake to maintain order
through a police system. Attention is
now being given to that subject and Btepsv
are being taken to form a thoroughly
mobile, lightly armed gendarmerie,
something on the order of the Canadian
mounted police, to cover the island at all
points and conserve the energies of the
regular troops.
The arrest of a Tagal on the chargra of,
being a guerrilla, as reported from Ma
nila yesterday. It is .said at the depart
ment, marked the initiation of another
policy toward the insurgents who still re
main under arms. As the summary pun
ishment of guerrillas cannot be had until
some action has been taken to declare the*
termination of th<» application of the rules
of war. it is assunVd at the War Depart
ment that General Otis has already Issued
some kind of a proclamation or notice to>
the natives, warning them that if they
defy the rules of war and pursue preda
tory warfare they will be treated as guer
rillas when captured.
Why Denby T>eclined.
The- President is devoting special atten
tion to the formation of the new Philip
pine commission, acting on the advlco
that the army has reached the end of its
functions in the islands and that the time
is ripe for the establishment of civil gov
ernment throughout the archipelago. It
is hoped that the personnel may be com
pleted before the end of next week. It
appears that Mr. Denby was obliged to>
decline reappointment as a commissioner
on account of physical Inability to stand
the hard work that will be involved
throughout the visit to all the islands and
the setting: up of local governments.
Latest Casualty List.
General Otis' latest casualty list la as
followa:
MANILA. Feb. 20.— Casualties: Killed—Lu
zon. Thirty-seventh Infantry, January 21. at
San Torcas, A. Lincoln Miller; January 21. San
tiago, Company B. Harry E. Hosier, corporal;
February 14. at Santa Cruz. Forty-second In
fantry, Company O, John T. Larklns; Company
G, William Shults.
Wounded— Luzon. Thirty-seventh Infantry.
January 21, at Santiago. Company A. William
A. Bullis. arm. severe: Company C. Marlon F.
Schaffer, let?, slight: Company t>. Frank Chap
man, foot, severe: Company D. Charles Silver,
head, slight: Company I>, Harry Seymour, first
sergeant, hand, slight: Company L, Edward M.
Holt, hand, slight ; Company M. Anthony L.
Schneider, forehead, slight; Thirty-ninth In
fantry. February IS, San Francisco Batangas.
Company I. Perrin L. Smith, first lieutenant,
arm. moderate; Company 1. Napoleon T>. Bur
goyn*. corporal, forearm, moderate; January 9.
at Calamba. Hiram Baker, captain, ear perfo
rated; Albert M. Petite, first lieutenant. less,
moderate; Forty-second Infantry, February 5.
at Paqull. Edward Dubois, captain, shoulder,
severe: Company H. Milton Lane. arm. slight;
February 4. at Pasljnn, Company O. John See
berger. corporal, face: Nineteenth Infantry.
Cebu. February 5. at Consolaclon. Company K.
John W. Felts, thigh, slight.
MILITARY
OPERATIONS
TO CEASE
Hereafter the Philippines
Will Be Patrolled by
Mounted Police.
ARMY'S WORK IS FINISHED
Insurgents Captured With Anns
Will Be Treated as Bandits
and Summarily Punished.
Special Dispatch to Th» Ctß.
Call Headquarters, "Wellinjj
ton Hotel, Washington, Feb.
21. — President McKinley Is
said to bo seeking to find a
satisfactory man on the Pa
cific Coast for the fifth and
last man of the Philippma .
Commission. IS. M. Estea of
California, who was yesterday
slated for the appointment,
will not be one of the Com
missioners. It is said to-night
that President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of
California will be selected as
the representative of the ?&-,
cine Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
MEMORIAL BRIDGE
OVER THE POTOMAC
Establishment of the Seat of
Government at Washington
to Be Commemorated.
I WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— A preliminary
meeting was held here to-day to prepare
for a national celebration commemorating
the establlshernnt of the seat of govern
ment at Washington. In February, 1699.
Congress upon the recommendation of the
President, appropriated JlO.Ow toward the
celebration and appointed committees,
trom the Senate ana House of Represen
tatives to act with the Washington cltl-
I zens' committee. To emphasize the na
tional character of the events the Gov
ernors of States and Territories were in
vited to co-operate, and twenty-one of
these were present to-day in person or by
proxy. Senator- Hate presided. • * ,
District Commissioner John B. Wight
reviewed the history of the movement and
presented an outline of the celebration,
as sketched by the citizens' committee.
The main feature of the plan was to de
vote some day not yet named, in Decem-'
ber, 1!>jO. to the laying of the cornerstone
of a national memorial bridge from a
point on the Washington water front to
the Virginia side of the Potomac, close to
the National Cemetery at Arlington. The
ceremonies in connection with the corner
stone laying were to be memorial services
In the two nouses of Congress and an ap
propriate civic and military paraded
Wight paid that other plans had been sug
gested to the committee, : but it favored
the plan outlined.
The question was referred to a commit
tee of five, consisting of Senator McMil
lan, Governor Dyer of Rhode Island, Rep
resentative J. P. Heatwole of Minnesota,
Colonel M. P. Parker and Charles J. Bell
of this city. The meeting then adjourned
to await a report from this committee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NERVOUS
JECLINE.
A Serious Affliction That
Is Easily Cured.
The Health of the Entire Body De-
pends -Upon the State of the
Nervous System.
Nerve Weakness is the beginning of all
serious diseases. Nerve weakness pre-
cedes Nervous Decline and extreme Nerv-
ous Prostration, therefore every man and
woman may readily understand the im-
portance of guarding against a complete
breaking down of the nervous system.
If any of your nerves are weak It af-
fects the organs or portions of the body
that are controlled by those weakened
nerves. Thus, if the nerves of the heart
are weak. It affects the action of the
h^art; if the nerves of the stomach are
weak, Jt causes stomach trouble, etc.
Sleeplessness, Impaired memory, de-
ej>ondency, melancholia, lack of energy,
tired and worn-out feeling, impaired ap- !
petite — all these are the result of a break- j
ir.K down of the nervous system.
HUDYAN is nature's remedy for recon-
structing and buildlns up the nervous
rystem and never fail* in thia work. HUD-
VAN has cured thousands of men and
women in all stages of nervous decline,
therefore it is recognized as a specific fur
nervous diseases. Men and women who
are weak, pale and emaciated, find that
HUDYAN will produce wonderful results
in a very short period.
No remedy known to the medical world
has proven of so much value as HUD-
YAN in the treatment of nervous dis-
eases. Thousands of men and women
who were in a condition of nervous and
mental decline have been rescued by the
great KI'DYAX.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— 3oc a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HDD-
YAN-send direct to the HUDYAN REM-
EDY COMPANY, corner of Stockton,
Ellis and Market streets. San Francisco,
Cal.
r»r»M«if ii -r "t" Consult Free the
I FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
? ¦?• or write to them.
MERRIAM HAD CHARGE
OF THE "BULL PEN"
Robertson Describes the Methods
of the Military in the Ward
ner Troubles.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.-The Investi
gation of the mining troubles and the con
duct of the United States forces in Idaho
last cummer was continued to-day beforo
the House Committee on Military Affair-*.
Frederick C. Robertson resumed his nar
rative, begun yesterday giving the legal
proceedings he took In behalf of the im-
prisoned miners and the difficulties he
claims to have encountered from the mili
tary authorities. State officials ami the
court. He said he was refused permission
to be present at the inquest of those killed
during the outbreak and waa unable to
communicate with the accused miners, as
to their rights, although representatives
,of the mining company were present. He
protested to the Attorney-General that
the miners were being.denied the right of
counsel.
Throughout these proceedings, the wit
ness said, the military authorities wore
In control of affairs; United States sol
diers guarded the imprisoned men. bring
ing them to and from the court. The wit
ness said General Merriam was in charge
of the "bull pen," which consisted of old
buildings and box cars surrounded? by a
wire fence. Robertson expressed the ojin
ion that the United States forces should
have been used to preserve order and up
hold the civil authorities, but in fact he
declared they superseded the civil author
ities, and. In some Instances, which were
not detailed, arrested men in no way con
nected with the outbreak. He said thore
were no warrants and none of the usual
forms of law, but when a man was want
ed he was stopped on the street and sent
to the "bull pen." This was done by dep
uties who act?d under the State officials
and the military authorities. The witness
will proceed with his statement to-mor
row.
Messrs. Morrow and Furuseth of the
American Federation of Labor were pres
ent during the hearing to-day, and Pres
ident Gompers is expected to attend when
he arrives. ,. X . ¦¦• .
arch Is a life-size portrait of Dewey and
the whole 13 handsomely decorated with
evergreen and smilax. Fastened to the
structure in an artistic manner are over
3COO oranges, 300 lemons and 300 pomelos.
At night it presents a complete blaze of
light, having upon it twenty-two electric
lights. Still farther down, at the end of
the pavilion, is the neat little exhibit of
Miss Lizzie Menlhan. It Is a dainty cut
ter, completely covered with oranges and
trimmed with evergreen and smilax. It
rests upon an inclined plane, which Is cov
ered with an imitation of snow. The Imi
tation Is perfect as it sparkles and glitters
with the frost of midwinter, and with
some of the same sparkling frost upon
the oranges leads one to believe that the
fruit is frozen fast.
':;,'• North Side of HalL
* On the north side of the pavilion Is an
pyramid surmounted by a large star and
all overhung with a bower of orange
limbs with oranges on them. The broken
wagon exhibited by Misses Flora Yorui
and L>ena Brush breaks in as a. beautiful
contrast, showing a wagon with an axle
broken and Its load of beautiful lemons
partly spilled out on the green lawn.
John Fields' pyramid of Washington
navels, while not so artistic as some. Is
a very line display and contains some
very choice fruit. The display of G.
Hacmaycr, the Japanese arbor trimmed
with Ivy and standing upon a green lawn
with oranges fastened about It, Is a very
nice little exhibit. The Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union has a very nice
little exhibit of an old-fashioned well with
the "moss covered bucket." There Is also
a very fine exhibit of olives by Dr. A. M.
Cooms and one of olives and olive oil by
J. A. Kleiser.
exact reproduction in miniature of that
vessel upon which Dewey stood as he
sailed into Manila harbor on that event
ful day, the Olympla. This is the ex
hibit of C. E. Mitchell. The name stands
out In bold letters on each side of the
bow; two dangerous looking guns pro
trude from the turret at the front and
another from each of the portholes along
the sides; two of the lighting tops are
provided with the powerful searchlights
used to discover an enemy. The boat is
fully rigged and the Stars and Stripes
float fronnbow and stern as well as from
each masthead and from between the top
masts hangs a heavy silken flag. The
ship is partly covered with oranges and
lemons and her decks are strewn with the
same kind of fruit and the boat Itself
floats In a sea of oranges filled In with
orange leaves. It is a very neat design
and shows the work of a skillful hand.
Just beyond this Is a Japanese pagoda,
the exhibit of H. F. Snyder. The struct
ure is covered with oranges and trimmed
with ferns and evergreen. It presents a
very fine appearance and Is tastefully ar
ranged. The Preston exhibit Is also very
fine and consists of three pyramids, each
surrounded by a wreath of smilax, and
Just back of the pyramids the wall Is
covered with a drapery of oranges and
lemons, presenting a very beautiful ap
pearance. Next to this is the exhibit of
H. J. Crocker. It consists of a. half-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOVEL AND ARTISTIC
EXHIBITS AT CLOVERDALE
Tons of Citrus Fruit Worked Into Fanciful De
signs Delight the Eyes of Hundreds of
• ...
INCREASED
ATTENDANCE
AT STANFORD
Fruit Growers Manifest
Great Interest in the
Lectures.
SOILS OF STATE EXPLAINED
Farmer?' Urged- to Study the
Commercial Situation as Well
as Farming.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 21.—
The completion of the third day's lectures
to the fruit growers has proved that the
results accomplished will far exceed the
most sanguine hopes of those who
planned the convention. The morning
trains brought to Palo Alto a large num
ber of persons who are Interested In ques
tions pertaining to horticulture, and each
of the four lecturers was greeted by a
roomful of attentive and enthusiastic lis
teners.
The first speaker of the morning session
¦rt'as Vice President John C. Branner of
the geology department, who spoke upon
"The Soils of California." His remarks,
while technical in their nature, embodied
many ideas of practical value to the
fruit grower and gave* a general Idea a3
to what soils are best adapted to certain
kinds of fruits.
Nature Study.
The second speaker was Mrs. Anna B.
Comstock of Cornell University, who
spoke upon "The Relation of Nature
Study to Agriculture." • .
• "ffhe object of nature study," she said.
"is not to teach sciences to children, but
to keep awake the powers of observation
—the ability to use their brains. The rea
son that the child tires you with questions
Is because he sees more things to ask
about than you do to answer. Their ques
tions axe often more to the point than
those cf their teachers."
Mrs. Comstock then traced the growth
of nature study from its rise In Cornell
during lSy2-W to its importance during the
present day, when it is taught In practi
cally all the schools In the state of New
York. It was found that in order to teach
agriculture to the children it was neces
sary that the child's training should be on
all eldes If It was to be of any service to
him.
"What we wish to accomplish In rela
tion to agriculture and horticulture," she
said, "is to teach the children that things
on the farm are a thousand times more
interesting than those found in the city,
and thereoy keep the brains on the farm.
The country child does not particularly
want to go to the city, and so soon as you
show him his opportunities on the farm
he will etay there. So recently as forty
years ago the farmer was the conserva
tive force that helped us In every national
emergency. To-day we «nd the untrained
and almost unentranchised foreigner on
the farm. We want to bring back the
farmer boy— to so train him that every
furrow he turns, every bud he sees, will
tell its story to him. If we can keep our
best blood on the farm we need have no
fear. ,
The Old Farmer.
Prof. E. A. Ross, head of the dsoart
ment of economics and sociology, was th»
first speaker at the afternoon session
taking as his theme "The Old Farmer and
the -New." He said that his recollections
of the old farmer dated back twenty-jlve
years to the time when he was a boy on
a farm. At that day the farmer practi
cally produced all those things which he
consumed. By means of exchanging with
his neighbors and practicing strict econ
omy he needed to buy but little. To-day
the condition of the farmer has changed.
He is now engaged in a commercial en
terprise, the raising of crops, all of which
he sells. So we hear nothing more of the
"surplus," for all Is surplus, so far as his
personal consumption is concerned.
"The farmer is now quite as much on a
cash basis as is the merchant. What he
produces he sells, and what he consumes
is bought in the market. The farmer who
buys 'patent flour' Instead of grinding hie
own grist Is no longer, scoffed at. It is
safe to say that every Industry that can
be carried on in the city is destined to
leave the farm. The prime factor of this
is. cheap transportation. This makes it
cheaper to send the raw product to the
city and have the work done there and
bring It back to the farm than to do the
work on the farm. The second factor la
cheap machinery, which every farmer
must buy if he Is to keep up with his
many competitors.
"The third reason is the rise of the
cities. This means the extension of mar
kets to the farm.
. "The old-time farmer had the Impres
sion that he was not competing with any
once. If he raised a short crop of sorghum
through carelessness the only result was
that he used less on his bread. To-day
the less he produces the less is his in
come. It is a universal law that when a
thing becomes customary it then becomes
necessary. . He must therefore keep pace
with his neighbors in Improving both his
machinery and methods. Certain fixed
costs must be met, and the margin above
this represents his net income. If he lags
far behind the standard set for him, lie
cannot live. In addition to all the ene
mies which the old farmer met, he has
also the new enemies which the advance
of civilization has forced upon him. The
men who stand between the farmer and
the consumer quite often are able to pick
his pocket. The price that the farmer will
get for his product depends upon the
ratio between the money and produce. If
he has Incurred a debt supposing that the
supply of dollars, will keep pace with the
demand for them, he places the money
lender in a place to pick his pocket. He
slakes his crop,s against the railroad, the
trust and the middleman, since he is
forced to play the game with them, and
his only salvation is to learn the rules of
the game. In other words, the farmer of
to-day must be a business man In addi
tion to being a scientist. If he cannot
keep up with the procession his ilnal
status must be that of a renter or day
laborer. There are no economic reasons
why the small farmer cannot succeed, but
he must thoroughly understand his busi
ness, else he will be swallowed up by the
large farmer.
"With the disappearance of free land
during the eighties an economic influence
that rad been with us ever since our
country was settled was eliminated. The
farmers have looked with some favor
toward the Philippines for the reason that
It would afford free land for their sons.
Could they realize the true economic and
climatic conditions of those Islands the
expansion movement would receive its
death blow. (Applause.) With the open
ing up of the Orient, the damming up of
population and the completion of the
Trans-Siberian railway the farmers of
California will have to bec,ome~ prodigal
with their labor and economical with
their land.
Professor O. P. Jenkins of the depart
ment of physiology was the last speaker
of the day. taking as his subject "Bees
and Fruit Growing."
OLGA NETHERSOLE
IN A POLICE COURT
Actress Accused of Offending Pub
lic Morals in the Presentation
NE"W YORK. Feb. 21.-O!ga Ncther
sole, the actress, was a prisoner
in the Tooaabs Police Court this
afternoon, where she was ar
raigned on a charge of violating
the peaal code, which relates to matters
oJTer.Clng public morals.
The actress' latest play, "Sapho," now
running et Wallack's, was the cause cf
her arrest. With her were arraigned
Marcus Mayer, her manager, and Hamil
ton Revelle, leading man of her com
pany. Miss Nethersole was arrested at
the Hoffman House this afternoon by In
spector Thompson en a warrant Issued
this morning by Magistrate Mott. Mayer
and Revelle were taken into custody by
Detectives Cuff and McNaught. who
found them at the theater. Theodore
Moss, proprietor of the .theater, ; who is
included in the complaint, was 111 In bed.
The three prisoners were taken at
once to the Toombs Court. There they
•wpre met by their counsel. Abe Hummel.
They were at once arraigned before Mag
istrate Mott on a complaint made by the
District Attorney, who was represented
by his assistant. Daniel O'Reilly.
Mr. Hummel asked that the examina
tion be postponed until Friday morning
at 11 o'clock. Mr. O'Reilly consented. The
defendants were paroled in custody of
their counsel.
District Attorney Gardiner appeared
before Magistrate Mo\t in the Center
street Police Court this morning and ap
plied for warrants for the arrest of the
j>ersons responsible for the production of
"Sapho." Colonel Gardiner said that he
had Information which warranted him in
the belief that the play of "Sapho" waa
an immoral play and an offense against
public decency. Magistrate Mott told the
District Attorney that he would have to
draw up a formal complaint before he
would issue any warrants.
Offense Against Decency.
Colonel Gardiner then, with the assist
ance of Forbes Hennessy, drew up a
formal complaint, in which he said that
from the information furnished he was
led to believe that Olga Nethersole's pro
duction of "Sapho" was an offense
ag-alnst public decency and therefore
should be stopped. The complaint said
that a newspaper reporter informed the
District Attorney that on Tuesday night.
February 20, he visited Wallack's Theater
and witnessed a performance of "Sapho;"
that the theme of the play was the por
trayal of the life of a dissolute woman
"in a way to offend and shock the morals
and decency of the people of the city."
After half an hour's labor Colonel Gar
diner and his assistant finished the formal
wording of the complaint and presented it
to Magistrate Mott. 3
"That is strange." said Colonel Gar
diner, "I understood that one of the
grand jurymen had been to see 'Sapho*
and he was deeply shocked and had called
the matter to the attention of his fellow-
Jurymen yesterday morning. I thought
that they asked for a written report from
Police Inspector Thompson, who had gone
to see the play at the instigation of. his
chief. How about that. Mr. O'Reilly?"
Mr. O'Reilly Bald that there had been
some talk about the immorality of
"Sapho" in the grand jury room, but that
the matter had been dropped. Assistant
District Attorney O'Reilly said:
"I don't know about the Criminal Code,
but it was awful."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OLGA NETHERSOLE
fBESSTpiLLSI
| For Billons and Nervous Disorders %
I Are Without a Rival, i
X AimUAL SALES OVER 6,000w000 BOXES. ¥
110 eeats and 9S cants, nt all drag stores. £,
Barnacles on Ocean Cables.
The recent Investigations for cable-laying In
the Pacific Ocean have revealed the Interest
ing fact that. If not. upon rock . bottom,, they
gradually become lncrusted with barnacles and
sea weeds, heavy enough to break them. This
is like dyspepsia, which, if it Is not checked
grows until It breaks down the health
Ilontetter's Stomach Bitters will prevent as
well as cure indigestion, dyspepsia, bilious
ripas, liver and kidney troubles. It makes weak
Momachu strong. All druggists sell it.
m .^ffl^rml n ee^ ' 5 a box overcoat and on the right a sack . l^fw jf**"*yk S
H >ft|]Sß^@^fe|jw suit They are pictures' of the suits and overcoats we yfS^^T^tfkLgf^§^^^ I
i HI fill Hi I\n will see why we lav such stress u P on l he $17.50 value you are j|j| lljnF \ |lj||l|j n
¦ fill I) / I ¦ If you lire out of San Francisco send for self-measurement blank. We can make to your order .Ulilllj I I V 111 \\ P
H liJbJ 1 1 8 I one of these suits or overcoats for $13.50 that will fit and give entire satisfaction. Ask for our Vt '! 11l 1 vllillllli \» Sfi
I lllf I III! Market Street and Cop. Powell and Eddy^ Will 111' * 11
3
ATTRACTIVE EXHIBITS AT * THE CITRUS FAIR.
CLOVERDAL.E. Feb. a.— The threat
ening weather which has .prevailed
for the past few days has cleared
away, and now the prospects for a
successful fair are the best that
could be hoped for. The exhibits
are now all in place and the large pavil
ion is a veritable paradise of citrus fruits
The hand of the artist is shown on every
side by the beautiful displays which are
exhibited and the quality of the fruits
makes an Interesting rival of Southern
California productions.
» Tasteful Displays.,
As one enters the building he sees first
a symmetrical design which is a combina
tion of squares and triangles arranged in
a beautiful manner resting upon a base
four feet square and rising to a height
of eight feet surmounted by a potted
orange tree growing. This exhibit is pre
sented by Mrs. Gordon Cameron. Just be
yond this and rising to a height of twenty
feet or more is "the exhibit of F. Yordl.
a monument towering its lofty head to
ward the ceiling, resting upon a base six
feet square and completely covered with
navel oranges from base to top. There is
upon this one exhibit alone over four
thousand oranges. A guard rail sur
rounds It, wrapped wltn yellow bunting
and trimmed with smilax. Just beyond
this is a war balloon exhibited by E. G.
Furber. This Is quite a novelty, being
covered with oranges end tlio basket
laden with a rare variety of the golden
fruit. The entire balloon measures eight
feet from top to bottom and has upon it
>ver fourteen hundred oranges. The bal
oon is suspended from the celling.' Just
leyond this is the exhibit of the Italian
Swiss Colony, and a finer work of art in
ts line it would bo difficult to find. It ia
i representation of a Roman dongola
vith every detail and fixture in . place
Phis is completely covered with oranges,
emons, limes and pomolos and beautl
ully decorated with moss, evergreens and
mllax. Just beyond this rises In grand
•ur the "Dewey arch," the exhibit of
.Vllliam Caldwell. This ia a very fine
ilece of work, standing twenty-three feet
ilgh, surmounted by an American eagle
vith wings spread and a row of silk flags
iround the top. On either side of theWine-Sampler Escapes.
' On motion of United States Assistant
Attorney Banning yesterday the case
against C. H. Baunders was dismissed by
the United .States District Court Saun
ders was arrested about two years ago for
broaching cargo. He was mate of a
steamer running between this port and
Mexico, and on a very hot day he bored
a bole with a gimlet In a cask of wine,
inserted a straw into the hole and drank
about a gallon on the installment plan.
FARNHAM'S CONTEST ENDED.
Recounting of Ballots Concluded and
the Case Submitted.
After weeks of patient labor the contest
between Patrick Boland and John Farn
ham for the office of Public Administra
tor has concluded, and next Friday Judge
Seawell will decide who is entitled to the
office.
During the recount of the ballots in the
contest Judge Sea well ruled out 1340 ballotg
on various technical grounds. Farnham,
the contestant, gained 62 votes, reducing
Roland's majority to 204 votes. Several
legal points must yet be passed upon by.
the court before the outcome of the con
test will be known, arid Judge Seawell will
have his opinion ready for reading to
rqorrow morning.
SON OF WEALTHY
ENGLISHMAN IS
AMONG MISSING
Loss Reported at the
Morgue.
Last evening three women from Oak
land'called at the Morgue and endeavored
to ascertain the whereabouts of James
Wald, the son of one of the most wealthy
woolen goods manufacturers in London,
EnglandT According to their story the
man had been in San Francisco for six
weeks, during which time he had only
been heard or once. Before leaving Oak
land young Wald made frequent threats
that he would commit suicide and inti
mated that he would Jump Into the bay.
His friends, learning that the body of a
man had been found neai%the Cliff House,
thought that it might possibly be that of
Wald and viewed the remains last night,
but found themselves in error.
Wald comes from one of the best fami
lies in England. He is an accomplished
musician, but Is unfortunately afflicted
with epilepsy. During his stay on the
coast his health has not been benefited
and he made up his mind to end his life.
BOXER COLE
WINS FROM
DE COURSEY
Latter Lands a Foul Blow Ac
cidentally in the Fourth
Round.
The boxing' bout between William Cole
and William de Coursey last night In the
arena' of the Columbia Athltjtio. Club
ended unexpectedly in the fourth round.
DeCoursey landed a left swing on Cole's
head. Cole then staggered De Coursey,
who came back at once and knocked Cole
to his knees. De Coursey followed up
his advantage and In „ his Impetuosity
struck Cole a light blow in the face be
fore he removed his knee from. the floor.
As this is a foul under tho rules Referee
McGinley awarded the bout to Cole. He
was fortunate in this ending as had the
fight gone on it semed he must lose.
The trail of the sharpers who flx flghts
in order that they may rob the betting
public was again laid bare by Referee
McGinley when the boxers entered the
ring. He declared all bets off because
of the bad look of the fight. It was an
nounced that McGinley had been ap
proached repeatedly by men who offered
him money to decide the fight against
De Coursey, who, on form, figured a
strong favorite.
The death trap of a building In which
the fights of the Columbia Club are held
wsls as usual overcrowded. Many more
spectators were admitted than the place
should properly hold and the usual scenes
of confusion ensued when those in attend
ance all tried to make their way out by
the one small stairway whioh the build
ing supports.
The first bout, between William Condon
and William Perry, started quietly and
for three rounds there was hardly a blow
struck. In the fourth Condon woke up
first and landed two left swings on the
head, the most effective blows up to that
time. The remainder of the bout waa
all the most ardent follower of the ring
could desire. Condon resorted to jabbing
and before the end of the round had Perry
In trouble. Condon was the stronger in
the next round, but Perry evened the score
in the seventh. It was whirlwind fighting
in the last round, each man being In dif
ficulty at times. Condon was the stronger
throughout and was awarded the bout
on points by Referee McGinley. The de
cision was a' popular one. •¦
William Martin was given the decision
over "Jack" Dennis In their 10-round'
bout. Martin was the aggressor through
out the fight. Real fighting did not com
mence until the sixth roufta, in which
Dennis showed to good advantage. Mar
tin seemed to have fought himself out.
He went to his knees once
of a foul blow. It was palpably faked,' and
he was soon on- his feet. He then went
at Dennis viciously. In the midst of a
scrimmage Dennis landed a- hard left
hook, knocking Martin down. He took the
limit allowed and easily lasted the round
out. The seventh was a' fast round, Mar
tin knocking Dennis down. He followed
Dennis all over the ring, landing a shower
of blows, none of which proved effective.
The gong saved Dennis. » The eighth was
a repetition of the previous round. Mar
tin dazed Dennis with right and left early
In the round. He landed at will through
out the round, but none of the blows
proved effective. The ninth round was
slower, but the pace quickened In the last
round. Denniß lasted it out, but the de
cision properly went to Martin.
OLYMPIANS
WELCOMED
THE LADIES
The Fair Sex Royally Enter
tained at tKe Club
house.
Nearly, 2ooo people attended the Olym
pic Club 'ladies" night," given last even
ing by the club, and every number on tho
long programme '.was heartily applauded.
Leader John ;A. Hammersmith waa
warmly, congratulated, for another suc
cess, as the wearers 'ot' the winged "O"
are proud of their splendid Institution.
' An overture by 'an excellent orchestra
opened the evening's entertainment, and
at Its conclusion an exhibition drill was
given by the military department of the
Columbia Park Boys' Club. Two com
panies of twenty, boys each, all under the
age of 12, marched and counter marched,
maneuvered and went through difficult
formations with, the skill of tried veter
ans, and their .work Was warmly ap
plauded. '
"Charles Stanley followed In a clever ex
hibition on the slack wire. He was dressed
In a washerwoman's garb and sustained
an Irish brogue that waa much thicker
than bis wire. Professor George Mien
ling" • German accent proved an excellent
foil to" Mr. Stanley's witticisms. The
heme trainer exhibition proved highly
exciting. Speedy cyclists rode their rac
ing wheels on the novel machine at break
neck speed, while a dial marked '- their
progress. There were . three sets of riders
and all rode to win. H. Anthony defeated
M. Davis by pedaling a mile in 1:45 1-5;
E. O. Kragness lowered George Krautz's
colors by going three miles in 4:114-5.
and ' Eddie 8. Russ and George F. Fuller
rode two miles in 8:16 4-5 — a dead heat.
The latter race created great excitement,
as both riders were neck and neck
throughout the race. They made a tre
mendous spurt In the last quarter, and
when they crossed the mark the hands on
the dial, which marked their progress,
were glued together. Tom Spillane acted
as starter and John Elliott and W.
Mackey were timers.
.William Norden followed with a tenor
solo and then Mr. Hammersmith produced
his "piece de resistance." It waa in the
nature of an exhibition of the art of self
defense as practiced by the Japanese and
K. Inoue and J. J. O'Brien of the Police
Department of Nagasaki exemplified the
art. Both men were evenly matched as
to size and weight and both appeared In
the arena minus shoes or stockings; the
upper portion of their bodies being pro
tected by stout canvas. Instead of the
wrestlers' mat they used woven matting.
Their work was as marvelous as it was
thrilling. They threw each other, choked
and wrestled and in a half-hour's work
proved what a weak man with a knowl
edge of the "game" could do with a
burly antagonist.
Medals won in the swimming and wrest
ling tournaments were distributed by
President Harrison and pinned on the
breasts of the victors by fair hands.
Harry Irwln did some graceful pole vault
ing; Miss Beatrice Carma rendered two
soprano solos: F. Block and George War
field, James Gaynor and H. Magnon. four
little shavers, displayed their prowess
with the gloves; Slgnor Abramoff re
sponded tc two encores and rendered se
lections from favorite operas: Messrs.
Singer and Hanlon performed on the
Roman rings with strength and agility;
Ralph Scanlon and Eddie McFarlane did
some clever stick swinging and the Poly
technic High School outpulled the Lowell
High School In a tug of war.
LEO CRUSHED BY A CAR.
Walter Kane, a Seven-Year-Old-Boy,
the Victim.
Walter Kane, a seven-year-old boy, who
resides with his parents at 159 Octavla
street, was run over by an east-bounfl
Castro-street car last evening at the cor
ner of Dolores and Market streets. - The
lad's left leg was so badly crushed .that
when taken to the Receiving Hospital Dr.
Bunnell found It necessary, to -amputate
the Injured member below the knee.
The unfortunate youth was amusing
himself jumping on and off the car when
he slipped and foil under the wheels. . L.
Ellsworth, the gripman, was taken. Into
custody shortly after the accident by Po
liceman A. C. Williams and booked at the
city prison on a charge of battery.
jy(!Q S3 Dt l\A " ' tA ,B /(^Ts.
I A •
| With Mouthpiece I
| lOoentslbr iO 2
§ Monopol Tobacco Works £
SLOAN A FREE LANCE.
Says That His Contract "With Lord
Beresford Is Canceled.
CHICAGO. Feb. 21.—^Jockey Tod Sloan
will ride as a free lance, in England ! this
season, having canceled his contract' with
Lord William Beresford and the arrange
ment with the Prince of Wales, by which
the latter had second call on his services.
This information the noted rider imparted
to-day -at the Auditorium -Annex, where
he is stopping on his way. from Califor
nia to .New York. Sloan will sail for Eng
land a week from Baturday and will be
ready for the big handicaps, which will
soon be up on the other side.
Police Commissioners Meet
The Board of Police Commissioners held
a special meeting yesterday afternoon and
George Kelly official photog
rapher of the department at a salary of
$100 per month.
MAHONY'S SUCCESSOR
ON BOARD OF WORKS
The vacancy In the Board of Public
Works caused by the resignation of Jere
mlaii Mahony will be filled by the ap
pointment of Thomas R- Bannerman. The
Call ascertain* that Mayor Phelan. after
canvasfing the names suggested for his
considfei-auoa. has - resolvtad to offet the
commission to -Mr. Bannerman,'- The fchar
ter requires a commiEsipner on this board
to devote a gr«?at deal of time to the work
of the city. In fact, more time was re
quired than Mr. Mahcny could give.
When he accepted the appointment he did
fo reluctantly, as he had grave doubts
then whether he could give to the office
as much time &» the duties pertaining to
It would demand, but at the suggestion of
the Mayor he consented to fcerve for
awhile.
Thomas Bannerman Is regarded as a
capab'e and energetic man. He has a
practical knowledge of affairs cuch as the
commission Is bound to conduct. Mr. Ban
nerman la a well-known Irish Republican
and a prominent memlw of the Knights
of the feed Branch, lie has been associat
ed with large dry goods houses of the city
as bookkeeper and manager. His practical
knowledge of business affairs was so well
recognized that he was called In to resus
citate the declining: house of J. J. O'Brien
& Co. The call for his assistance came,
however, too late for any one to re-estab
lish the Institution on a prosperous basis
without large investment of new capital.
MONEY SHOWERED
UPON GEORGE DIXON
Eight Thousand Dollars Realized at
the Benefit to the Ex-
Champion. .
NEW TORK, Feb. 21.— The friends and
admirers of George Dixon, the colored
featherweight pugilist, for many years
the world's chamnion, and who wa9 re
cently deprived of his title by Terry Mc-
Govern, gave him a benefit at the Broad
way Athletic Club to-night. Eight thou
sand dollars was realized.
- Gus Ruhlin, the Akron giant, sparred
with little Dave Sullivan. Jim Corbett
and a pupil named Lester gave an exhi
bition. Adolph Zlnk, the "Lilliputian,"
seconded Corbett and made a burlepquo
assault on Ileferee Charley White. Frank
Erne, the lightweight champion, sparred
with Frank Zlmfer. Tom Sharkey and
Bob Armstrong gave an exhibition. Joe
Gans of Baltimore and Dan Dougherty of
Philadelphia sparred three rounds. Joe
Choynskl and Fred Morris gave an exhi
bition, as did Kid McCoy and Joe Falvey.
Dlxon and Terry McGovern sparred
three rounds, McGovern first handltijr
Dixon a check for $500. McGovern'a man
ager handed Dlxon $250, Tom Sharke/
gave $300 and Bob Armstrong gave a $50
bill.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fostthrely cored by ttiesa
Idttle Pills.
Tliey also rs?ieve Distress from Dyspeps£3»
todigestlon and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remedy far Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, BadTastefn the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPED LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin, Small Dose.
\ Small Pilco«v
?O -+O-+O-*- O-*-O-*-O ¦? O~»- O-* O-M3 ? O ? O -*
t §1 Natural Mineral Water ?
4 $%£"& known fsr centuries and ?
O £3£J& imported a
O /5i3?V ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
* %£*£&& • F° r Disordered Stonach ?
? §jM£M &ad ißdi^ estio:i J
?C* * rfrtl "i9 |»^ raluo ha* been testl- o
E**fe^-S3g*^j Bed to by thousands. ?
2 | vicffTl So-called Vichy la Sj. °
t-^s*rl-f phona ?
© Bi^l! IS NOT vichy - ?
* flOgM Get tha Genuine.
9 Bti^-—^§!t Your physician O
mJSiftSTCVIi wlll recommend ft. ?
$ A. VIS.-TIEB. Diitribotlag lrsat
A visit OR, JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A (£J icr. lusxsr a. m. s-i srs. &?.&. a
\ fcf Tho Lare«t Anatomical Museum in the \
A -i-«-w. World W»4«i«e«. -es'rr any contracted A
* jwf rSfl disease p-»«»«l»elyc«r«Jn y then: i»t r
£ f]ff £ I Specuiiit co tbe Coast, hit. 36 year* 5P
A 4*S?B M * JCSLAH-PRIVATc DISEASES Q
\ f ¥r§*%U Coosulntion freo and jtri^*!T pnTite \
MM jrVw^n Trt itrrwnt pe:^ons!!y ct by irrtfr. A 4
Wfl flr ? U Pea.tiw Curt in nrery ca^e ond?nake3. T
Ari I m> wrhsfbrß^ok.w rhsfbrB^ok. rHILOSUPIIYvf 4
f ' jj 1 IABOUGIi, MAILBD F»ES. iAW
\ y If* vahiabte book tot mra I \
9 DU. JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St. a F. y
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leavs Broadway
1^ wharf. San Francisco:
W%-^_ For Alaskan r>-<rt3. 1^ a. m.
V^2§»». Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20, 25; Mar. :.
f^JSrAt^K Chanyt to com^asy's steamers
¦PBj.BSH\wa For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
B»*C«A*^ai ort Townsend, Seattle,
/^l^n Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Wha:;oa (Wash.),
"¦I K> a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 13. M. 25.
Mar. 2, and erery fifth day thereafter: changa
at Seattl» to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka andiJ. N. Ry.;at Taetsaal© XiP. Ity.; at
Vancouver to C P. Ky..
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), t p. m.. Feh.
3, 8. 13. 13. 23. 13. Mar. 5. and tvery firth day
thereafter.
rot Santa Crn«. Monterey. San STmeoo. Ca.y-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Ot>!»po>. G»Tlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San P«lro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m., Feb. 4 «. 12, 1«. 20. 21, tS, Star. 4, arnj
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Angeles and Redondo (Los Anselea), 11 a. a.,
Feb. 8. •. 10, 14. IS. 12. «. Mar. t. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalen* 'Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Ahata. La. Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayinas (M^xt). 19 a. m.. Mar. I. and 7th
o{ each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company* •
folrter.
Tha company reserve* the rlrht to Chans;*
steamers, salllns; dates and hours at sallinK.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICJi-4 Xmr Montgomery
street CPalace Hotel). ¦ .-•
GOODALL. PERKIX3 & CO.. Oen. Aftn..
10 Market st.. Ban Franc! sea
THE 0. R. & H. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O K. T 31, -A.2STID
Prom Ssear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
PA PC 112 First Class Inclurtla«r Berta
IAIIL $3 S«cond aass and ileak •
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. ». 19
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 22 March «. 14, 2*
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt-%
Helena and all points In th» Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent, -
S3O Markst it.
OOODALU PERKIN9 & CO..
Superintendssts.
AMERICAN LINE.
ttW TOEE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDO.f . 7ASJ3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Louis Feb. 21 St. Paul ......March 14
Frlwland Feb. J> Kensingtoa ..March tt
New York ....March 7 New Tork ....March 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York. ar)d Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday, n noon.
Noordland Feb. 211 Westernland .March 14
Frlesland Feb. IS Kensington ..March 21
Southward ...March T.'Noqrdland- ...March 2}
-* " EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcija;!. Oawson City.
For fall Information regarding- freight an<J
passage apply to ¦**
UTTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COIIPANT.
80 MontKomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner'of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for TOKAHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Htogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with -steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. • . - - ." % :r,
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March ?
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March JJ
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 2i
Via Honolulu.
• Round-trip tickets at reduced- rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner Flrat . .
W. H. AVERT. Genera! Agent.
lSj4]2 ! |aL ja«la for Honolulu
•£»*¦¦•«¦ Wednesday. March, 7,
M -^ s. 1*». at 2p.m.- • -.
G+KWIItTV Th * s - s - Marlposa
oMWrnSIIID' 1 ' galls Tl * Honolulu and
Auckland Tor Sydney
(OHR^l}- Wednesday. March a.
fa^~ M «t Sp. tn.
Favorite line aronnd the world via Hawaii.
Famoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Buei,
England, etc.; J6lO first class,
i. 0. Srrts&iU-LSdi tisu.s. Co.. Atjts.. IM Montgomarj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Otncc. 32*7 Market St
COKFAQNIS GENSRALE TBAKSATLAKTiqiTB.
DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS.' \**x~>
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <2Jsd>
Saturday, from November 2. ISJ'J. at ¦****»£-«»
' 10 a. m., from Pier 42. North Rtver. faot of
Morton St.: LA GASCOOXE. Feb. X; LA TOU-
RAINE. March 1; LA BRETAGNE. March i:
L'AQUITAINE. March 13. First .class to
Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, <tj: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GKN'ERAIi
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclna
Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San-Fraa-
clsco.
BAY AND BIVEB STF. A TVTERa.
"Tor v. s. navy yard and vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello.** - •v;
HON., Tues.. Weii.. U'hurs. and Sat. at »:*3
a. m.: S:IS, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office. Mts«!on-stre«t Dock.
I'ler No. 2. Telephone Main IX3.
| FARE y....^-.Ma
HORSEMAN OF
NOTE HERE
ON A VISIT
Henry Titer, Celebrated as a
Reinsmaiy Has a High
Opinion of Califor
' : nia Horses.^ V
Henry Titer, head trainer and race
driver for J. Malcom Forbes, the Boston
millionaire, who is deeply interested in
the breeding and development of trotters,
Is In this city. His trip is solely for pleas
ure, but his natural inclinations have led
him to visit the noted breeding farms and
training tracks on the coast. He spent
some days at Palo Alto and also at Aptos
Btock farm, the home of A- B. Spreckels'
trotting horses. Mr. Titer also saw the
Keating string, headed by Anaconda and
Klatawah, at Pleasanton track. He ad
mired greatly Mr. Griffiths' pacer Fitz
simmons, by Direct.
"Trotting horse Interests were never so
prosperous looking as they are at present,"
said Mr. Titeryesterday. "There will be big
money on the national circuit this year,
over $650,000 being hung up in prizes.
There are at least five stakes in which
$10,000 is hung up. These races will be In
variably of the three In five order, but
the purse races will be decided in best
two out of three heats. There is a great
deal of speedway driving in ' New York
and other cities, and this has stimulated
the demand for fast horses in a marked
manner. The New York speedway is
kept in as good condition as a first-class
track for trotters. That of Boston Is too
hard for the fastest work, and I should
say the speedway in Golden Gate Park
Is also kept a trifle too hard.
"The two-minute trotter? I can't see it
in sight yet; but I think some of the
pacers, especially Searchlight, will reach
that mark. I believe the greatest speed
should be attained by horses trained and
raced in California, because of the excep
tional opportunities offered for training
and racing throughout the year.
"Mr. Forbes' best horses on the circuit
last year were Binger 2:O6Vi and Peter the
Great 2:07^4. They will be campaigned
again this year, and each of them should
get a mark of 2:03. They are sound and
have good legs, as all horses must have
to stand the terrific strain to which they
are subjected in training and racing.
"Of the youngsters I have seen here
there are a number which will be heard
from. At Palo Alto there is a three-year
old mare called Gussuro, by Wildnut-
Sweetwater, she by Stamboul, which
shows herself to be of the highest class.
Mr. Spreckels Is particularly happy in the
results of his efforts at breeding the best.
A two-year-old colt by Cupld-Hulda Is
one of the best I have ever seen, and It
will be difficult to produce his equal Jn
looks and promise. I like him better than
any colt I ever saw at that age. The
suckling by Searchllght-Hulda should be
good, on blood lines, but all foals look
alike at that age and it Is all guesswork
to figure out what he will develop. Mr.
Spreckels also has two fillies three and
four years old •which show themselves to
be great Individuals. .All the Aptos horses
are sound, which is greatly In their
favor."
has dignified Itself with the cognomen of
a club. Nothing could be more erroneous
than such an Idea. The Walters' Club Is
a club In all that the word Implies, and
one of the most comfortable and best pro
vided for In the entire city at that.
Its present home is a large commodious
building, admirably suited for the use to
which It Is* put It contains about forty
rooms, • which have been converted Into
apartments suitable for lounging rooms,
card rooms, billiard rooms, lunch and
reading rooms and, In fact, all the differ
ent divisions that are generally considered
Indispensable to the comfort of the man
who wishes to pass an afternoon or even
ing away from the discomfort of a family
circle.
. The club started about two years and a
half ago and hired one small room on
Third. street for Its first meeting. There
was then only enough money In the treas
ury to pay the rent of the room for a oou
ple of hours. The membership at that
time consisted of about twenty. To-day
the same organization has a membership
of over 800, a splendid home that is com
pletely furnished and appointed and which
is under no debt and a good healthy, bal
ance In the bank. This has all been done
on an initiation fee of $2 50 for each mem
ber and monthly dues of 50 cents.
The officers of the club who have pilot
ed It to Its present Buccess are: George
Williams, president; R. Engle, vice-presi
dent; 'Charles Stickler, treasurer; James
Hughes, manager; Louis Fry, recording
secretary; and George Rowe, financial sec
retary. The directors are: Charles Mc-
Kenzle, E. W. Collins, Louis Richter,
Louis de Vassey, Bruce McNutt, William
Harvey and Joseph CottrelL
STOCKTON street, near Bush, was
aglow with light last night, and
the pavement echoed back the
ceaseless patter of lrandreas of
daintily shod feet that tripped toward a
multitude of gayly colored Chinese lan
terna that brightened the pathway lead-
Ing Into the new and luxurious home of
the Walters' Club. ,
The club has leased the tratldingr on
Stockton street, near Bush, that was for
merly the old Manhattan Club, and be
fore that the home of Chrta Buckley, one
time known In local politics. The house
has been refurnished and refitted from
top to bottom, and last night; was thrown
open for the first time for the Inspection
of the relatives. and guests of the waiters,
¦who will henceforth make It their home.
Muslo and refreshments were served,
and Impromptu entertainment was volun
teered by those of the hosts who could
spare enough time "from their own per
sonal friends to lend their talents to the
enjoyment of all. Altogether it was a
delightful evening, and as pleasant a
house-warming as has ever attended the
opening of any similar organization In
the city. . '
To those who know nothing of the wait
ers' organization or of the club which Is Its
home the matter may appear In the light
of some half way political affair that has
rented a hall or a couple of rooms and
DEMANDS OF
GAS COMPANY
UPON THE CITY
Supervisors Discuss
the Problem.
EXPERTS UNDER EXAMINATION
?
TALE OF LOSSES AUT> FAILING
BUSINESS.
*
The San Francisco Company Insists
That It Costs More Than One
Dollar for Manufacture
and Distribution.
Gae, •leotrlo, beat and power companies
were under Investigation last night by the
Board of Supervisors sitting as a commit
tee of the whole. The only corporation
under consideration was the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company and the
only part of Its business Investigated
was Its manufacture and distribu
tion of gas in this city. Representatives
of the company declared' that the reduc
tion In rates for consumers has already
cost the company at least $100,000. It costs
the company, according to the testimony
of Its engineer, JLC2G6 a thousand cubic
feet to manufacture and distribute gas.
The corporation asks therefore that the
Supervisors In fixing rates make provision
for this amount and for interest on bonds
and stocks and for taxss.
The first witness at the Inquiry *"as Ed
ward C. Jones, engineer of the San Fran
cisoo Gas and lilectrie Company. The
Mayor acted ac chief examiner, but with
this witness at least drew forth nothing
cf marked Importance. A great deal of
the examination was confined to a tech
nical discussion of the cost of coal and
oil used in the manufacture . of gaa. The
purpose of the Mayor In the examination
wa* first to ascertain and criticize the
cost of the manufacture of gas and then
to learn the value of the ga» and electric
plant.
The witress had at hi» ton^ue'e end the
facts and figures to Eupport his claim
that the company which employe him buys
the materiiii which supplies gas as cheap
ly as possible; that the materials are of
the beet and the results fully up to ex
pected etandards.
Descending to more specific detail* En
gineer Jones declared that gas may be
manufactured at a less price if materials
can be purchased more cheaply and wages
be reduced. During the year ISay he said
that gus was manufactured by the com
pany in the holder for 47 cents and 476
thousandths of a cent a thousand feet.
Water gas was manufactured at one sta
tion for 46 cents a thousand feet and at
another for W cents. When combined with
the coal gas an average price of 45 cents
a thousand was obtained. Mr. Jones was
very 6ure that gas cannot be manufac
tured this year as cheaply, &s materials
are dearer this year than they were last
year.
The witness volunteered the Information
that an actual test shows that the gas of
the company Is over 23 candle-power.
When Mayor Phelan suggested that no
hardship would follow to the company if
the city contracted for eueh candle-power
the witness voiced an emphatic protest,
declaring that it will be a gross injustice
upon the company to confine it to such a
hard and ia.su stipulation.
In discussing tbe capacity of the com
pany the witness declared- that in 3i99
the company rntamta^cturftJ -£7*,5&3 ,0u0 feet
. of -gas. cf which" €9G.C42,40i) teet were cold
to consumers., The difference beween the
.total uiinufacture and the ule to con
sumer* represents the gas used in street
t lighting Ly the company. In its own of
fices and la leakage.
Having discussed th* cost of manu
facture -of eaa. the witness then consid
. ered the cost of distribution. The total
cost of manufacture and of distribution,
the witness declared, .was. $!•<-£<; a thpu
' sand cubic feet In 1593. This information
¦ having been given, the Mayor indulged
in a. discussion w hich added nothing to
the Inquiry. A brief history of the af
fairs of the company from 1*33 to. 1899, in
clusive, ¦was also given, and it was shown
tiiat while there was a general fluctuation
the business of the corporation had grad
ually Increased. With a blandness that
would have done credit to a lawyer Mr.
¦ Jones eought to boom the merits of a
¦ patent burner, with the evident purpose
" cf dc-cryir.g- the advantages of lncandes
' cent electric lights. The effort was pal
pable enough to fail of its purpose. •
In an effort to learn the complete cost
-' the Mayor asked if $1.0266 represented the
. total coEt to the corporation, including
• dividends and interest. "It does not.
-was the reply of J. B. Crockett. "We do
• not eend out dividends through the
pipe*." Crockett also declared that the
company had lost $100,000 since the rates
'to the dry and private consumers had
been reduced. The inquiry was then
' continued until next Monday night.
WILL OBSERVE
THE BIRTHDAY
OF WASHINGTON
San Franciscans to
Celebrate.
— • —
ENTERTAINMENTS TO BEHELD
EXE&CISES -IH PUBLIC HAULS
BY VABIOTJS SOCIETIES*
Swslldom Will Go to BUngum and
Ordinary JKortals Will Play Golf
or Tennis or Go to Se©
the Dogs.
To-day la tli* anntrersary of the birth
cf Georga Washington, whose unflinching
patriotism, combined with his grand
qualities oi head and heart, have » Im
mortalized his name and caused his mem
ory to be revered -among the Überty-lov-
Ing people of the world. It Is -a day Bet
apart by the nation he helped to found,
to enable all true Americans to do honor
to the memory of the man who has b«en.
honored with the affectionate* and , well
deserved title of "the Father of His
Country," & title of far greater elgnlfl
cance and value than any that are be
ing paraded before the world by the'be-
Jeweled potentates whose only claim to
consideration 1* based- on accident of
birth. - ;
In this city, as elsewhere In the United
States, the- day .will be fittingly observed
by laymen and churchmen. In the
churches the services will *be of a purely
religious character, while In the various
halls - throughout the city semi-religious
exercises will be held. There will also
be special bills at the theaters and eports
of various kinds will be indulged In by
those who prefer that method of com
memorating the occasion.
The Garlield League will hold a pubilo
celebration in Pioneer Hall In the after
noon.- beginning at 8 o'clock. The pro
gramme Includes addresses by B. M-,Cal
vin, president of the league; I. J. Truman,
president of the day: Mayor James D.
Phelan" and H. L Kowalsky, singing and
recitations and music by the Hebrew
Orphan Asylum Orchestra,
Y. .2L"X> to Celebrate.
' The Young Men's Institute has arrang
ed an elaborate programme, which will
be rendered In Metropolitan Temple In
the evening. Judge William P. Lawler
will make an address and Frank T. Shea
will deliver a eulogy on George Wash
lnsrton. Frank Thompson. Mrs, tva
Tenny and Oscar Frank wlll_ sing.
Thomas W. Hickey and Cyrus Newton
will recite and the League of the Cross
Cadets' Band will furnish Instrumental
The Knights of Honor will also cele
brate this evening In B'nai B'rith Hall.
The feature of the affair will be a lecture
by Rev. Jacob Voorsanger on "A Century
After Washington." The programme will
include comic songs by little Clair Fex;
recitation. William J. Cleary; violin ?plo.
Henry G. Larsen, accompaniment by Pro
fessor William Cellarius; eolo, CM. El
liot, and vocal selections by Mrs. Tenney.
The Junior Order of American Mechan
ics and Daughters of Liberty will observe
the occasion by an entertainment in the
evening In Odd Fellows' Hall. An excel
lent musical and literary programme has
been prepared, to be followed by dancing.
The Catholic Seamen's Institute will
give an entertainment to-night In Native
Sons' Hall under the auspices of the PauW
Ist Fathers.
Big I>ay at Blingum.
There will be no dearth of entertain
ment during the day Tor those sportively
Inclined. The most elaborate affair will
be the outing arranged by the Burlingame
Country Club. The day's sport will begin
w'th a hunt breakfast to be given by J.
J Moore at Menlo Park, followed by a
ride behind the hounds, starting from
Fair Oaks at 11 a. m. In the afternoon
there will be sport of a more' spectacular
character, consisting of a 6erles of races
tor polo ponies, carriage horses, racing
ponies, hurdlers and thoroughbreds, for
¦\arvlne conditions and at various dis
tances. The day's programme also ln
° The California Tennis Club win give a
tennis tournament- and luncheon at Its
grounds, corner of Scott and Bush streets,
and the Ban Francisco Golf Club will put
In the afternoon on the Presidio links.
The two coursing associations have ar
ranged special cards for the day. At
TTnion Courslngr Park there will be a spe
cial open stake, in which sixty-four doi?3
are entered. At Ingleslde forty-eight dogs
are entered In the champion cup stake.
The Lincoln Gun. Club will hold a trap
shooting: tournament at Alameda Point.
Mission Natives to Celebrate.
It was a red. white and blue night m
Mission Native Sons' Hall on Seventeenth
street last night, for the members of Mis
sion Parlor No. 33, N. S. G. W., held an
open meeting, gave an entertainment and
had a Bmoker In honor of the anniversary
of the birth of Georga Washington. Del
B Bowley, president of the parlor, was
the sire, and under his direction the fol
lowing programme was carried out for
the entertainment of the members and
their friends who had been invited to par
take of the hospitality of the parlor.
Instrumental solo, national airs. H. L. A.
Mass. the parlor's organist; address of wel
come by the sire: "America." sung: by the
audjence: prayer, by G. P. Nippert. part pres
ident; baritone solo. Dr. A. V. Brown; reading
of a paper on "Washins-ton," S. Joseph Thel
•"•n: recitation. Charles Hanlon; vocal solo.
Frank L. Houct; reading of the Declaration
of Independence, D. Q. Troy; song and dance.
I O. W. Games; patriotic address. Prof. W. F.
Kingsbury; tenor solo, W. E. Sou ton; mono
logue, James McKeon; bass solo, Charles Shal
lenberger; buck and wing act. Xat^BarnumJ
basso solo. Bert Georees; short stories, Robert
Mitchell; trick bicycling, George L. Morgan,
and closing: remarks In memory of Washins
ton. A. T. Barnett. ' ' . : -i_'
During the evening those present were
served with a collation, light wines and
smoking supplies.
Give a Colonial Party.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand
Army of the Republic, gave a colonial
party on Tuesday In the south hall of the
Alcazar as an advance celebration of the
birthday of the Father of his Country.
Nearly all the ladles were attired In tha
costumes of colonial days, and after a
short programme of music and dancing
there was an adjournment to an adjoining
hall, •where a supper as In the "days of old
was. served to members and guests.
"Unveiling at Glen Park.
There will be an unveiling of a Washing
ton monument In Glen Park this morning,
followed by a bullshead breakfast.
iCTiatlan Council No. 35, Y. M. 1., will
hold its annual requiem mass for the re
pose of the souls of departed brothers at
10 a. m. to-day in St. Mary's (Paulist's)
Church on California street. Rev. P. J.
McCorry, C S. P., will preach the ser
mon. ' llii'. :'
THE SAN FRAXOISCO- CALL, THURSDAY,,. FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
WAITERS OPEN THEIR NEW HOME
AND ENTERTAIN A HOST OF FRIENDS
X CHARLES MEINCCKE & CoTIM
P *r"Y« *»t"T6 PACIFIC COAST - if M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VIM I
VIGOR f|
vitality |
power; h
/ coUrace b
strength |
AND HEALTH i tt
FOR DEBILITATED MEN
ALL CONTAGIOUS AILMENTS CURED |
DOCTOR I
MEYERS & CO. I
731 I
MARKET ST. |
NO n
PAY |
TILL I
CURED. I
m Style. |lv j|
! Get a I
j Nice Suit. i£s \ J& j
! Have it made to or- V*'>». II- nld'y 1
; derby a reliable tailor. \ /^JnXPI/ ¦
Tou run no risk of M -X~\)*_*^^TH£
retting Inferior work- W m .^^L«.. «.»
manshtp or material It' ** TAILOR
you have It made by
JOEPOHKIM. mo-1112' Market
Suits from $12.50 St -
Overcoats fr" m » 1 5 .OO 201 -303 Montgom- |
Pants fr0m..... $4.00 cr * st - •
; San Francisco. :
: * * * Samples ~Sent. Free. •
L... ~. „.; j
BIRTHINGTON'S WASHDAY
Never allowed the Father of hi*
Country to dance with joy at the sight
of a well laundered shirt, cuff or collar,
because he wasn't initiated into the se-
crets of <those up-to-date articles. Those
who live jn San Francisco know a srood
thing when they see it, though,' and the
finish, color. and perfect work done on
their linen is our best advertisement.
United States Laundry, Offlo»
lOO<* Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
4In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been, granted
Mary Carney from Frank Carney on the
ground . of .vwillf ul ; neglect, Francis : Spiller
from Dorothy Spiller. on the ground of
desertion . and Charlotte Hlggins from
Arthur Hlggins on the ground of deser
tion.' Suits for divorce have been filed
by- Mary; D. Gelck against Frederick A.
Geick for cruelty, William J. -Fieber
against Mary; E. Fieber 'for cruelty and
Nellie Thill against Nicholas Thill for
desertion., .1 ... .j : .
RULES FOR EXAMINATION.
Civil Service Commission Announcss
Those Adopted.
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
adopted general regulations and Instruc
tions to applicants for examination in
the classified service. For each examina
tion a board of examiners will be ap
pointed by the commission, whose duties
will be the preparation of questions and
the marking and grading of examination
papers. The questions will be securely
sealed with tho oftlcial seal of the com
mission and opened only In the presence
of all competitors. Precautions will be
taken against favoritism, and any com
petitor who places his name or distin
guishing nmrk upon his pjper will be dis
qualified. Prompt attendance Is required,
and applicants will be admitted to the
examination on production of their offi
cial notice. No help of any kind will be
allowed, and the answers must be »vrlt
wn In ink. Other explanations will be
made to tho whole class.
PARISH SCHOOL BENEFIT.
Minstrel Performance by Members of
St. Charles Parish.
The members of the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Charles Church gave a suc
cessful minstrel entertainment last night
at Verein Elntracht Hall on Twelfth
street In aid of the parish school. D. J.
McGloin was Interlocutor of the first part.
The bones were handled by F. A. Hooper
and J. L. Turley, and the tambourines by
M. L. Sweeney and Thomas Mahoney. The
overture by the Union Quartet was fol
lowed by the following programme: "I'd
Leave >Iy Happy Home." J. L. Turley;
"Living Easy/- Thomas Mahoney; "Caro
lina Twins," F. A. Hooper; "Dreaming of
You," R. J. Wrißht; "Armorer," George
Creighton; "Hannah Lady," M. L. Swee
ney; finale, "Brown's Horse."
The second part was as follows: Spe
cialties, M. L. Sweeney and Vincent Ken
nedy; solo, feelectea, George Ke-ene; spe
cialties. Baby Devine, Thomas Mahoney;
Athenaeum Quartet; concluding with a
farce entitled "The Haunted Shop."
The following was the committee of ar
rangements, to whom much of the success
of the afTair was due: John J. Dyer, T.
A. Dougherty, Ed Glennon. J. T. Curley,
Ed Fay, F. J. Dougherty, D. J. McGloin,
J. L. Turley, E. J. Coftey and James L.
Fallon.
Died in the Street.
A middle-aged man, very emaciated and
weak from long sickness, fell to the side
walk yesterday morning on Halleck street
near Sansome. Police Patrolman ' Butler
found him unconscious and sent him to
the City ' Receiving. . Hospital, but when
the wagon arrived there it was found that
ho was dead. From papers found on his
person" it was learned that his name was
Albert Heinrlch Jansen and that he was
a native of Germany. The body was taken
to the Morgue. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Pen in th®
Hand is woa*tfo
two in - the
Mind.
If you have " a good mind to
write to Dr. Pierce" take pen in
hand and begin. Then you'll
avoid the experience of Mrs. M. P.
Davis, of Honaker, Russell Co.,
Va. She writes :
"For seven years I was confined to
bed most of the time. I had ulceration
of internal organs and female weakness.
I had four doctors and they said I could
not be cured After the doctors said
I could not be cured I wrote to Doctor
Pierce for advice. I followed the
advice he gave I feel better than I
ever did. My friends say Ido not look
like 'the same woman. lam sorry I did
not take Dr. Pierces medicine when I
first began to have poor health. I could
have saved what I paid to humbugs."
No one ever regretted writing to
Dr. Pierce for advice. Many have
regretted not writing sooner.
Sick women are invited to con-
sult Dr. Pierce by letter, free, and
so obtain the opinion and advice of
a specialist in diseases peculiar to
women. All correspondence pri-
vate. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser,
icoB pages, is sent free on receipt of
, stamps to defray expense of mail-
ing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for paper covers, or 31 stamps for
doth. Address as above.
summoned to the bar. Hurley turned pole
when the bailiff informed him thai he
was wanted by the court.
"What is your name?" said Judge Law
lor. Hurley answered, and then, in re
sponse to the court's question, said that
ho was not a witness in the case at the
bar. but was a friend of the accused.
"Is it not a fact," continued Judge Law
lor, " that you have been convicted of a
felony— an attempt at Jury bribery— and
tliat you were the defendant In case No.
10,443 and was convicted of the crime
charged by a Jury in Department Six cf
this court and served the sentence im
posed by the court for the offense?"
"Yes," answered Hurley, "but the
charge against me was that of attempting
to influence a jury."
"Did you not in this court endeavor to
Influence Miss Abble Richardson, a wit
ness in the case?"
"I only spoke to her and asked her,
'Do you want to speak to your father?'
The officer told me not to speak to the
witnesses in the case and I left her. Even
if I have been/ in San Quentin my word
is as gdod as' though I had never been
there."
"Your word has very little weight with
the court," • continued Judge Lawlor,
"and I bring you here to let you know
that you must keep out of this court and
away from its vicinity. If you fall to
obey the admonition of the court, tho
court .will believe that your presence is
inimical to the Interests of truth and the
due administration of Justice. If you
come again the court will misapprehend
the reasons for your - coming, and you
will be made to feel the weight of official
displeasure."
"I .will not come again, I warrant you
that I will not," quickly answered Hur
ley, and speedily left the courtroom.
He did not return during the afternoon,
and Judging from the expression of terror
on his face: he will seek new fields if he
intends to pursue the trade that landed
him behind the bars.
The curtain was hardly up for the first
act in the trial of R.H. McDonald Jr.,
charged with wrecking the People's Home
Savings Bank, .when Hurley boasted that
he, had "fixed" six of :tho" Jurors. He was
arrested and convicted for attempting to
Influence the jury,: and yesterday's epi
sode has again brought him into the pub
lic gaze. - " :~-y:
HURLEY DRIVEN
FROM COURT BY
JUDGE LAWLOR
Jury-Briber Tries to
Work Game.
Attempted to Influence a Young Girl
, c to Favor, Her. Father. Who Is on
Trial for Murdering Her
Mother.
W. J. Hurloy, Jury briber, recently re
leased from : San- Quentin after serving
time for the crime that gave him his title,
was detectedin Judge Lawlor's court yes
terdar morning' engaged in an-eftori to
influence Miss . Abble Richardson to as
sume a- kindly demeanor toward her
father, Charles H. Richardson, who is o l
trial for the murder of his wife. Ellen,
whom, he shot. to death in her home at
948 Howard street on the night of October
10, . 1599. Richardson claims that the .-»
volver was- accidentally discharged when
he was usmg it to defend himself against
an assault made "by? his~wife"upon him
with-a bung-starter. "/>*•.'-• •
Miss Richardson, however, believes her
mother-was the -innocent party in the
tragedy and she refused to stand by her
father, during his trial. Hurley is a friend
of the accused, and he took it" upon him
self to attempt to. influence the girl in her
father's favor. He was not discreet, huw
ever, ] and a mild j sensation- was created
when he was discovered and driven from
the'' court room by Judge Lawlor^ ari'J
warned to leave the', vicinity of the court
or. take the consequences. , ' , r
. Just, before the npon hour it was report*
ed to Judge Lawlor that Hurley ¦ was op
erating>ln the' r courtroom.'. The 'big- ex
policeman was ' : pointed out to* the court)
and Judge Lawlor .ordered : that be be
MINING MEN CHARGED
WITH RANK PERJURY
Alleged Attempt to Grab Mineral
Land — Shasta Residents Com-
plain of Mountain Cop
per Company.
A. H. Eprague, representing an asso
ciation of miners in Shasta County, called
at the office of United States District At
torney Coombs . • yesterday and charged
that perjury had been committed by Wil
lard M. Cole,. an employe of Louis T.
Wright of the Mountain Copper Com
pany. Limited," at Keswick, in that
county. • •• ; .
Mr. Sprague said that Mr.. Wright had
made application for the purchase j with
scrip 0f. 4550. acres, of.,land. in the vicinity
of the smelting works of the company,
the land being described In Mr. Cole's af
fidavit as agricultural and not fit for any
other purpose.*... It _ was said also that
there are at' the present' time 'about one
thousand. legal mineral locations upon
the land sought to be purchased and that
Cole and Wright knew at the time the af
fidavit was made that the land was of a
mineral character.-
There is now i a suit pending in the
United- States Court in this city to re
strain the Mountain Copper Company
from continuing smelting, the applicants
for the injunction setting forth that the
fumes arising from the smelter were de
stroying the Government timber, and all
other vegetation in the vicinity of the
works. Mr. Sprague and bis friends say
that the land is sought so that the injunc
tion suit may be thrown out of court, the
land in controversy comprising the whole
of the area affected by the smoke.
United States Attorney Coombs, after
hearing Mr. Sprague's statement, au
thorized J. P. Pryor, a land agent, to
visit the premises and report upon the
character of the land. Mr. Coombs said
that if Mr. Sprague's statement should be
found to be correct he will prosecute the
makers of the affidavit for perjury.
The woman who weds a pugilist need
not hope to have the last word. ;• .^
Francisco. From Pitcairn to San Fran
cisco the run was uneventful.
Replacing the Wrecked Gear.
The placing of jury steering gear on the
A. G. Ropes is as clever a piece of work
as was ever performed by a ship's crew.
Only 400 Pairs of Them.
To-morrow (Friday), beginning at 9 a.
m.. and not before, will be sold 400 pairs
ladies' fine kid walking Oxfords for 73c a
pair from the stock of Gelser & Kauft
mann of Sacramento at the Standard Shoe
Co.'a store, 1029 Market 'street, between
Sixth and Seventh. So be on hand early
anu" get in line.
and will • then go home . overland. He
wants no more sea voyages in a Balling
ship.
Beport of the Voyage.
Captain' Rivers' report of the voyage of
the A. G. Ropes Is as follows:
'Sailed July 29, IS3D. . "When two days out
Oeorge Xoorstrom, boatswain, a native of
Sweden, disappeared. He had i been drinking
heavily and it is believed that he Jumped over
board while- suffering from delirium tremens.
Had moderate winds until AURuat 5, when we
encountered a gale'frora south to southwest,
in which wV lost and split several Balls. Thence
to August 22. lat. 26:17 north, lon. 33 west, light
variable wjnds and calms. In- latter position
took NES trades, which were light and variable,
carrying them to 10 north. lon. 32 west. Thence
to September 6. lat. S north. lon. 30 west. light
to strong southerly winds. . In this position
we took the SE trades, . crossing: the equator
September 8, 16n. 32 west, •41 days out. The
SE trades were so far south we could not fetch
along the Brazilian coast, bein? obliged to beat
for a week. .Carried the SK trades to 28 south,
46 went. In lat. 46 south. lon. £5 west, had a
very heavy Kale from the south with hlsrh seas,
which continued five days, during which we
sustained ¦ sllirht damage to rudder. Passed
through the Straits of Le Malre October 16, 79
days out. October 17, In a heavy southwest
Bale with tremendous sea, twisted rudder head
so badly that It was entirely useless. Con
nected tackles to monkey tiller, which In a
few hours became badly damaged. Kept away
for , the Falkland.* Islands, where we arrived
October 19, anchoring In Port William, it be
ing impossible for us to get into I'ort Stanley
SHIP A. G. ROPES AFTER HER EVENTFUL VOYAGE.
This stanch craft has just arrived in port from Xew York, after being at
sea seven months and sailing nearly 26,000 miles, half of which was made with
the ship in a partially disabled condition. .
All the assistance Captain Rivers got
from Port Stanley was the loan of six
saws, and with these he and his men fixed
up the ship In such a manner as to fcrce
the inspectors of Lloyds and the Bureau
Verltas to give her a clearance certificate
after they had said they would not do so
unless the vessel was repaired and thor
oughly overhauled at Port Stanley.
The first thing to be done In order to
make the rudder of use was to Ret a band
around the stock. A staging was rigged
up and for five days Captain Rivers and
the carpenter worked on the Job. It was
away below the freezing point and the
waves were washing over the staging
half the time. On several occasions both
master and carpenter had to be hauled
on board, and thawpd out before a fire.
Finally a mortise was made in the rud
der stock and the Iron band was pot on
and clamped. Then the main topgallant
mast was sawed In two and made Into
booms. These were ripped out over the
port and starboard quarter and bolted to
the deck. Sheaves were placed in the
end of each and through these a rope
Tan from the drum of the wheel to the
prongs on the rudder band. In this way
the vessel was steered 16,000 miles.
L. W« Ropes, a brother of the owner
of the vessel, was a passenger on the
ship. He made the trip for pleasure, but
says that the next time he wants a holi
day he will go to South Africa and do
some work in the Boer army. Mr. Ropes
will remain a few days In San Francisco
globe. The distance covered during the
voyage was 25.&.X) nautical miles, and of
this over ICOOJ knots was made under
jury steering gear.
All kinds of accidents befell the stout
merchantman. Two days out from New
York the boatswain disappeared and the
crew swore the ship was "hoodooed."
Captain Rivers, however, "logged" It as
a case of "delirium tremens." The man
had been drinking heavily before he came
aboard at New York, and when deprived
of liquor he jumped overboard in his
frenzy. Some of the forecastle hands as
sert, however, that on a calm night they
con fee Bosun Xoorstrom in the waist of
the Fhlp cutting up all kinds of antics.
Off the Azores the Ropes was caught in
a pouthwester. which blew a number of
tails out cf the boltrones and made the
men Jump around lively to get the ship
under snug canvas. Off the Horn the
ruddrr-head was twisted in a terrific gale,
and when the monkey-tiller was put Into
use it also broke down. Captain Rivers
attempted to make port Stanley in order
to repair damages. It was almost Impos
sible to steer the vessel, and during the
five days the crew was fighting with the
elements the Ropes nearly went ashore
twice. FinaJly Captain Rivers put into
I'ort William, and there the repairs to the
damaged tiller were made.
Away for Caps of Good Hope.
With his steering gear in bad shape.
Captain Rivers decided that it would be
suicidal to again attempt the rounding of
Cape Horn. The vessel was accordingly
squared away for the Cape of Good Hope.
V>"hile running south and making twelve
krote an hour, the Ropes nearly ran Into
a field of ice. The ha!f-frozen"crew had
to work until the blood was coursing
through their bodies in order to get the
'anvap off the ship. No damage resulted.
l»ut for several days thereafter nearly all
The running rijrtring was frozen and the
forecastle hands Insisted that "Bosun
Noomrnm and his hoodoo were still fol
lowing the ship.
That was the last of the hoodoo, hew
over, as the remainder of the voyage was
uneventful. Tfcp ship passed to the eoulh
of Xpw Zealand, was off the coast of
Queensland. Australia, some weeks later,
passed Bounty Island In December and
?topped off Pitcairn Island in January.
There the vessel received a bountiful sup
ply of vegetable?, fruit and chicken*,
Everybody on Pitcairn was in good
health, but the native? were disappointrO,
as they thought the Hopes was from San
POINT RAISED
THAT MAY END
BURNS' TRIAL
Defect in Indictment
Is Found.
?
Rules Governing the Building and
Grounds Committee Are Missing;
and a Copy Is Admitted
in Evidence.
A variance between the language of the
contract through which it Is alleged ex-
School Director Burns, J. J. O'Brien, in
spector of building, and Edward D. Swift
& Co., lumber merchants, defrauded the
School Department out of $30u0 an^i the
language in the Indictment upon which
they aro now being tried may result In
the dismissal of the defendants.
When the hearing of the cas-» was re
sumed ye sterday morning Attorney T. D.
Riordan. who represents the defendants,
continued his argument on his. contention
that the defendants should be dismissed
by reason of the variance between the
language in the contract and tha: in the
Indictment. He argued that all leading
cases held that the language should be
exactly similar and that an exception to
the rule could not be taken in the case
at bar. *
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
arscunl that the omis"lon of a few words
was Immaterial so long as the meaning
of the contract was maintained. Judg3
Cook looked over the decisions quoted by
counsel and intimated that the point
raised by the defendants' counsel i was
well taken, but pending his decision on
the point he instructed counsel*, to pro
ceed with the trial.
E. J. Gallagher, a member of the boaru
during the period in which it iP said that
the defendants defrauded the "School De
partment, was called and was asked
whether or not be knew the rules that
governed him as a member of the- Build
ing and Grounds Committee. He said- that
he did and then an attempt- was made
to have the witness give the rules from
memory. An objection interposed by de
fendants* counsel was sustained. Mr.
Deuprey then made several attempts, to
have copies of the rules Introduced ! In
lieu of the original transcript, which is
missing. No one seemed able to tell what
disposition had been made of the original
draft of the rules. C. W Barrington. R.
H. Webster, E. L. Head. Thomas R.
Carew, Charles A. Bantel. H. C. Hender
son. Miss May Cusick and Charles W.
Welch took tho stand one after the other
and endeavored to throw some light upon
the situation, but without success.
Finally the controversy was ended by
counsel for the defendants admitting that
a galley proof represented a true copy of
the rules. Witnesses were then called to
Identify various books which will be usod
during 1 the trial after which an adjourn
ment was taken until Monday morning.
POLICE COMMITTEE ON
THE POOLROOM ORDER
Not Inclined to Prohibit Downtown
Gambling: on Prizefights and
/ Horse Races.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
practically decided yesterday not to rec
ommend for passage the proposed ordi
nance prohibiting: pool-selling on any kind
of contests and also prohibiting the pub-
He from visiting such places. Supervisors
Reed and Tobin locked- horns on the
proposition of permitting racing at Ingle
side and betting on prizefights. Tobin Is in
favor ¦of permitting horse racing for a
period of forty days, while Reed thinks
prizefights should be regulated. Super
visor Helms Is agreeable to both pastimes
which are directly affected by the sweep
ing order under consideration.
Attorney Dorn and F. H. Greene, sec
retary of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club,
expressed themselves in favor of paying
a license, should racing be permitted at
Ingleslde, but upon Reed asking if they
would pay $100 a day they replied in the
negative. Reed claimed that the only
argument advanced by the racing people
In favor of opening Ingleslde was that
they had Invested $600,000 in the scheme
and they wanted a return on that Invest
ment. He stated that there was no evi
dence that there was any demand on the
part of the people that racing be per
mitted at Ingleside.
Attorney Drum addressed the committee
for the downtown poolroom proprietors,
who. he siUd. were willing to pay a
license and to have their business put
under certain restrictions. The commit
tee decided to segregate the two matters
and Attorneys Dorn and Drum promised
to 9ubmlt two ordinances intended to
cover them at the meeting of the com
mittee next Wednesday alternoon.
With a "Hoodooed"
Crew and Storm-
Torn Gear She Sails
the Stormy Seas*
O!CE of the most remarkable voyages
In the history of the Xew York-
San Francisco fleet of Balling ves
sels was completed by the ship A.
G. Ropes yesterday. She left New
Tork in July, 1899. and In order to get
here has in reality circumnavigated the
REMARKABLE SEVEN MONTHS' VOYAGE OF
A PARTIALLY DISABLED MERCHANTMAN
without towar* assistance, which could not bo
obtained. Made temporary repairs, by ship
pins' main tiller in place of monkey tiller, con
nected with spars and tackles over the stern,
on completion of which we sailed October 30,
1809. -
On account of the damaged condition of rud
der I decided to proceed via Cape of Good Hope
and Australia. On November 14, lat. 51 south.
lon. 12. we fell In with five and passed more
or less icebergs and small Ice until November
21. 50:37 south. lon. 48:07 east. During this
time we experienced extremely cold weather,
accompanied by thick fogs and heavy snows.
November 27, oft Kerguelen Islands, hod five
days easterly winds, during which we encoun
tered two heavy sales. December IS passed
Tasmania, on the 24th of December the south
of Mew Zealand, and on December 25 crossed
the 180 th meridian, having two Chrlstmases.
January. 9, lat. 32:17 south. lon. 1:27:19 west,
spoke bark Snow & Burzexs from Newcastle,
Aus., ' for San Francisco. We stopped at Pit
cairn Island on January 16 and procured a sup
ply of vegetables and fruit. Crossed the eo.ua
tor os January 30, in lon. 126 west. Had no
rerrular SE trades; took the NE trades in lat.
6. north, 125 west, carrying them to 26 north.
133 west. Thence to port light to moderate
wind ond fine weather. . ,"¦¦•<
The A. G. Ropes will dock at Harrison
street wharf to-day.
.THE SAN FHA^ CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
-}i ADVERTISEMENTS.
NATIONAL CELEBRITIES
Declare Peruna to Be the Greatest Catarrh
Remedy of the Age,
Fa/TI AT 1 A Tfcir^mf non. m. v. Butler, ox*
l\ J\ Ir\ IC IC H Governor of South Carolina,
¦*^A JaJLI> a - BL^v\r . fl in a letter from Washington, D. C,
(T/^lihrC/^^S^^iRIPPF sa y s: "I can recommend Peruna
V»vLL/C> Pj^^TvEE yV,s%irT t for dyspepsia and stomach trouble.
/"A3l/*MCi/\ 'Al?rif*Pfll IP ' navo been using your medicine for a
V*UUVmO|df|l fajuS Vr* wu . r short period and I feel very much re-
SORE"iP^<wl'fill*lHoAßSE eyed - It is indeed a wonderful mcd'
rWhW^^^ iV re tcine ' ancf ' besides, a great tonic."
'^WjmSS^^^ U - S - Senator Stephen R.
Mallor y> Pensacola ' Fla " %*•*
Wybs\ if " I have used your excellent remedy,
S^PsTtCl lsf*z-- \7 ' *z^§svi ; Peruna, andean recommend it both as
Ys\ Ln^4 /^ pB !§Nir^§\ a ton '° ana> a sa * e ca - arr h remedy."
i chief justice I \ Hon. Porter Johnson,
I CHAMBERS, OF SAMOA, Senator 4th District, City of Chicago,
a _ _ —^ ; \ 111., writes: "I can heartily recom-
I tgS^'JSSESSTZ 1 1 — ' P "T «• C f "•* orator
I' best remedies for catarrh. I j It cures when all other remedies fail.
I I recommend Peruna to all I applied to several doctors, but they
* sufferers." ¦ j were not able to cure me. I took
I t^ mmmm<^ aiiiaatlß jßS^§S^ &k the remedy for fifteen weeks and am
» JJ0&^T&&& now entirely cured. It has been a
Air \ I year and a half since I was cured,
t^ j4v 4^3 lirclllll§ an^ I consider my cure durable. "
p Jo^^^^^Mo^ \ Hon. Rufus B. Merchant,
%^W % K^^^^J office, Washington, D. C, says:
\&m (!£/s <'4t '^^SMi "' ia * a P^ 9asuro ln commending your
%J& Vsr j£*Cy Jo*^wJti#: i° n ' c > having taken a bottle of Peruna
i W *\> V" "^%^|illiil| I witf> ver y beneficial results. It is
v X^l^jlllil I recommended to me as a very excel-
'^v\ «k f J^yiiii^l c climatic diseases of winter aro
'^f§^' Xa^ \ mainly coughs, colds, catarrh, bron-
>1 wlk j^r^s^gz§&. chitis, tonsilitis. Peruna is an abso-
Hl W#^lf!i^ lute specific for allot these affec-
'M { -^k jy T^§ii§ ilons ' Peruna W 'M cure a cough or
¦I>*L "^'^*-^?ii^ ' cold in a very few days. Peruna will
jSg£sS£/«fl[l_ii i ¦!- —^^J^sflffi cura chronic catarrh of years' stand-
s^H^^^^sa^'r^i^Simß^sm jj n g j n a few weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SI Highly co".ceVrit»d, d»!!cl3u» In Fft/jg!? 1 9
S fit/or and mtds n ¦ minut* s3lSp£ S
Nose=Diggin£
Eye~Glasses
Are tho old kind. Our new clip can't d!s; don't
•Up or tilt. They're solid comfort, tar SO cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repalp-
lac. Factory on premises. Phone. Ms la li ¦
642 Market b\ imthuwutj
'¦mm* CnaniCi* »uiiO"«i. * -"
«<»MOMM ??< MMMMIKI
:: Palace and :
I! Grand Hotels*
1 • Fcr nearly a quarter of a century th» r
< > ' leading hotels on the I'aclflo Coast. ?
< • With added Improvements and con- ?
+ ' venlences they continue to be the head- ?
quarters for tourists ana travelers vis- 1
T ltlnc San Francisco. ! I
f . . JOHN C KUUCPATRICK. .\
* - Manager. ' «.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
13 A. GREAT RESTORATIVE. IX VIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrcdlsiac and Special
Tonic, for the Sexual Organs for both •-**•<.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
. NADER. ALFS A BRUNE. Aserjs. •
323 Market street. 3. F.— (Sand fcr Circular).
EMMA SFRECKELS BUILDING,
.027 Market Street,
Canny. Cheerful Cffices $15.00.
• '" *
¦rfc ¦ ¦ sj— /¦> Completely eradicated with-
M 9 11 i- W out canine or tyln*. N'j
3 11 * j cure, no pay. For Inform*,-
". "»-»-V-r tloa ad<Jresa g. F . RECTAI»
wammmMmmm institute, uto iurit*u
\4~2\ Dr.TalGott & Go. 1
I% $& Rsliable Specialists.;. I
¦ 1 wliiraliti en w^° are su^ e " n & fr° m B
11 /l\^*WssA\ contracted ailments, debility, g
weaknesses, varicocele or blood f$
I // fe§bB??4i\ taints cannot afford to overlook f|
I Doctors "when I
I WK CURED: I
fi ¦ This offer applies to any man f|
B who is suffering from any of the H
m dll"PO above diseases. We effect cures, B
En ¦— — no matter how long standing, or g
H ; how difficult, and accomplish H
H T^l^iP£IQPQ them without pain, detention Jj
8 «- / *P^**'OP3 from business or publicity. •:>: H
9 Varicocele we cure in a week H
II ', rx-P ' without the use of knife, ligature, g
H "-1 suspensory or electric belt. Home B
H ~~* cures a specialty. Correspond- ||
H jkir ence invited. ': S
I HE' . 997 Market St., . Gor. Sixth. 1
5THE OLD OPPOSITION.
SENATOR PERKINS in a recent letter d^cuss
ing the outlook for the Nicaragua canal bill
says: "The recently proposed Hay-Pauncefote
treaty has a bearing upon the canal which is being
made use of by the enemies of that enterprise. The
opposition to the treaty seems to be in all respects
the same that has always opposed the' canal. It seems
to come from the same quarter and to be actuated by
the same spirit. It is ; therefore, in my opinion, an
opposition to the canal itself."
Were any confirmation needed for that statement it
could be found in a pamphlet just issued and widely
circulated, giving the views of Joseph Nimmo Jr. on
the treaty. That gentleman has long been prominent
among the opponents of the canal, and has furnished
more statistics compiled with a design to prove the
folly of constructing it than any other man in
America. The new pamphlet repeats much of the old
argument and maintains that the canal will be far
more beneficial to Great Britain than to ourselves,
and therefore should not be constructed except un
der terms that would exclude Great Britain and other
foreign nations from the use of it equally with our
selves.
Statistics of the Treasury Department are quoted
to the effect that during the year ending June 30, 1808,
the tonnage entered at ports of the United States from
foreign countries was: British, 14,583,383 tons;
other foreign ships, 5.755,970 tons; American, 5,240,
046 tons. So that of the foreign trade carried. on at
our ports the British had-57 per cent, and the Ameri-
AMUSETYTRNTa.
Orr hetun— Vau (JevlKe.
Tlvoli— "The WdCm Eye."
Graud Opera-houa« — "Aladdta Jr."
Columbia— "The Serenade."
Cil'.fOTT.la— "Who Is Who?"
AlhaiaSra— Je2ne»-6harkey Contest Pictures.
Alcazar— "The Prodigal Father."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner of Mason and Eddy street* — Specialties.
Wftfrn Turf Association— Races to-day.
Professor Fowler of the University of California is
convinced that fanners need more common sense
than do men in any other line of business. The pro
fessor has evidently been paying some attention to the
operations of our well organized society of bunko
steerers.
THURSDAY ". .'. FEBRUARY 22, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Acdress All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager^^
rODUCATIOS OFFICE.. Market and Third. 9. F.
Telephone Main IMW.
ICDITOIUAL 800M5.... 217 «o 221 SteTfßion St.
IVlKphonr Main 1H74.
Delivered rir Cnrrlern, 16 Cent" Per Weelc
Slnsrle Cople*. 5 Cent*.
Term* »•> Mall. Including Vontntzrt
DAILY CALI, llaclndlnsr Sunday), one year..sfl.OO
DAILY CAUL ilnclodlnic S«nday). « month*. . 3.00
OtlLl' CALL (lnrladlne Sunday). 3 month*.. L.riO
DAILY CALL. — Ily Single Month Osc
MMJAY CALL One Year 1.00
WCIiKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All poatmaatera are authorized to receive
¦ übicrlptloaii.
Fample copies will be tomarded when reaneated
uAKLA.M) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
iluarrr foreign AdTrrtl'lnc. M«r««ette Balld-
Inir. Chlcajro.
KEW YORK COKRBSPOJTDESTI
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Sanaro
cniCAGo m;\vs stands «
Ihrnaaa Jloiim-i P. O. >evr» Co.i Great Xorth
ria lioteli Fremont Hooiei Audltorltun Hotel.
KEW YORIC SEWS STAJfDSi
U«ldorf-A.iorl« Iloteli A. Drentano, 31 Cnlon
Square) Murray JUIII Hotel.
KEW TORK KEPKKSEyTATIVBI
PERKY LIK£.\S JR 2» Tribone Bnlldlnff
Ujt!Hr.GT«.H <n. C.) OFFICE. .Welltng-ton Hotel
J. V. L.NUU'H, Correspondent.
imAKCn OFFICES— C 27 Slontjromerr. corner of
Clay, open until tttSO o'clock. 300 Hayc",
open until 9i3<» o'clock. 039 McAUlater. open
until :«::t'» o'clock. •U.*» LarUn, open until
O:3U o'dork. 1041 Mlaslon. open cntll 1<»
o'clock. 2201 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until l» o'clock. 10!»<l Valencia, open until 0
o'clock. IOU Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty»aecond and Kentucky,
open an til O o'clock.
WASHING TON'S EXAMPLE.
WASHINGTON was born one hundred and
sixty-eight years ago. To study the world
into which he was born is to go back to a
period that in many important respects still bore the
impress of the middle ages. Washington was the
leader of the third great English, revolution. The
English struggle toward the light began with the de
nial of the prerogatives of the First Charles, and
ended with the. extinction of the divine right of kings
in the revolution of 1688. Eighty-eight years later
the last step was taken in our Declaration of Indepen
dence, which was the logical conclusion of the pre
mise laid down in the revolt against King Charles.
Washington appeared as the leader and champion of
the rights of man, and his task was the establishment
cf a government which derived its just powers from
the consent of the governed. History lays much
stress upon his military leadership, but should lay
more upon his ability, as the founder of civil govern
ment. He had a singularly clear comprehension of
the functions and limitations of government, and an
abiding faith in the principles for which he had
cleared standing-place by the sword.
A view of the masses of his countrymen at the
revolutionary period reveals them as still much at
tached to the English monarchy. More than that,
they were under the spell which the divine right of
kings had put upon men. The human mind cannot
be purged at once of teachings that have been upon
many successive generations. In his own family
Washington had been subject to the spirit of loyalty
to the King, and his mother is believed never to have
given up her devotion to the monarchy which her
great son smote with a hand and will so strong that
it bowed to his power and surrendered its possessions
to his keeping.
His faith in the institutions necessary to the ad
ministration of a government by consent was the re
sult of study of the advantages presented by our iso
lation. We were not in close contact with European
life and institutions. We must depend greatly upon
our capacity to- develop our own resources, for those
material things upon which physical life depends.
This struggle would develop and strengthen that
spirit of independence and self-reliance which must be
the foundation of free government
The first step taken in the Declaration of Indepen
dence was the most extreme radicalism the world had
ever seen. The most advanced students of civil gov
ernment in Europe, and the most hopeful believers in
the capacity of the people to govern themselves, were
almost entirely without faith in the doctrines of the
Declaration. France was with us for reasons of state
solely, and maintained toward the doctrine of our
revolution an attitude of tolerant skepticism.
As that first step was the most radical ever taken,
we must acknowledge now that its success was due
almost entirely to the conservatism of Washington.
He was content to do one thing at a time. We had
declared our purpose, had alarmed the world by its
novelty, and only the greatest wisdom, patience and
conservatism could justify our position in the insti
tutions of government which would convert novel
radicalism into a stable system without abating a
jot of its principles.
Before he. passed off the stage Washington saw his
part of the work so well established that he had no
doubt of the permanence of the system. He had a
clear conception of all future policy, and in his fare
well address made an unanswerable statement^ of
policy, which is as wise to-day and as necessary to
our peace and prosperity as it was a hundred years
apo. As it is now so will his counsel be a hundred
and a thousand years hence. Superficial thinkers mis
take change in conditions for change in principles.
Principles arc the expression of truth, which is al
ways the same. Steam and electricity, that have ef
fected a dynamic transformation of the world, have
not nullified or obsoleted a single phrase in the
Declaration nor in Washington's farewell address.
Those who mistake the material progress of these
modern days for a change in principles in effect say
that if we had had these applications of science in
1776 the Revolution would have been without ex
cuse.
Let these pseudo philosophers reverse their state
ment. The principles of the Revolution were the
matrix of all the progress that has followed. Eng
land herself has had to move forward and occupy
part of the position we stated in 1776. We have by
example enlightened man everywhere, and may say,
without boasting, that modern progress had its im
pulse in the patient conservatism with which Wash
ingtpn built upon the radical foundation of the
Declaration of Independence. His countrymen will
do well to study his ways and be wise. They will do
well to turn the inattentive ear to all who teach dis
regard of his last advice to his country.
The time has come when he should have more
monuments to remind the people of his principles and
recall to them his advice. The sublime shaft dedi
cated to his memory in the national capital might be
usefully imitated in even' State of the Union as an
expression of devotion to his principles and a pledge
that the people will abide in his counsel.
The Calaveras grove of big trees is not numerous
enough to represent the Union of States, but all the
6ame "it must and shall be preserved."
When the Stanford professors get" through telling
our orchardists how to grow fruit they will confer a
favor by explaining how to get it to market without
having all the profits confiscated by the Squthern Pa
cific.
An Alameda man, in seeking a divorce; gives as
his chief reason tfaat he and his wife are fools.' He
possibly believes that he should think of his spouse
as «he probably tfainka -of him. - ...
Embassador Choate's Latest.
(Philadelphia Call.)
A well-known Baltimorean presents* the
latest bon mot of Embassador Choate, the
authenticity of which is vouched for, he
Bays, in a trustworthy letter Just* received
by him from England. The Embassador's
elbow mate. at a recent banquet in London
was a certain distinguished ¦ nobleman,
who, during 'the course of the conversa
tion, had occasion to Inquire:
"And to what station in your country,
Mr. Choate, does your Mr. Chauncey M.
Depew belong?*'.
"To the Grand Central Station, my
Lord," readily replied the diplomat, with
out a quiver. - j -
The noble Englishman's face clouded for
a moment with uncertainty.
'Tm afraid you don't, know what I
mean," added Mr, "Choate, about to jro to
SAME OLD HYSTERICS
Stockton Independent.
The public should not bo deceived by
the Examiner's hysterics over the treaty
with Great Britain, securing that na
tion's co-operation In the neutralization
of the Nicaragua canal. Remember that
the Examiner was just as hysterical over
the selection of Andy Lawrence's man
Friday for Chief of Police. The Hay-
Pauncefote treaty will be duly consid
ered in the Senate, and the House Com
mittee on Commerce, will have nothing
whatever to do with Its adoption or re
jection. ,
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
....-0R...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM BAN FRANCISCO ..—B. 8. "PORTLAND".. April U. MM
FROM SEATTLE 8. 8. "DORA" April »» IMO
1 ..OM SAN FRANCISCO S. 8. "RAINIER" May IX MOO
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO B. S. "ST. PAUL." May 88th
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka; Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE .".. ....S. S. "BERTHA." eommeoclnx Adtß Stft
AND MONTHLT THKREAFTER.
For new folders, sstps and further particulars as to frelsht and passage apply to ALAU-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT, SlO.Saasoma street. Ban Franelsoo. CW. - • > •
For Seattle sailing b apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Ltta Bulldls*. SaatticWaafc.
The opposition to the Nicaragua canal is making
all the capital it can out of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, and is receiving assistance from Democrats,
who wish to get a scare issue for the approaching
campaign. This is not the first time Democracy has
served the purposes of railroads, but it is seldom the
service has been given so openly.
The Superior Judge who sustained the dismissal of
the clerk of the Fire Department probably shares the
opinion that when "gentlemen" make an ante
election distribution of patronage they must insist
upon plans and specifications.
Russian diplomatists will probably assure the Brit
ish that the advance toward India is not designed for
the purpose of taking advantage of British troubles,
but is merely a Russian habit inherited from their an
cestor*.
The recent dishonest, faking prize-fight in this city
had at least one redeeming feature. One of the prin
cipals gave himself the "double cross" and bet on
himself to win when he had bargained to lose.
Arizona is rapidly degenerating to the level of the
commonplace. A few days ago a stubborn shotgun
messenger insisted on killing a couple of train
robbers.
Chinatown Squad Bemoved.
Chief Sullivan yesterday ordered Ser-
geant Ellis and his squad to be removed
from special duty In Cninatown. This
¦will leave only Sergeant Shea and squad
on special duty there, but the SQUad of
four will be strengthend by tha addition
of two men. ...
Some surprise seems to have been created at the
assertion that Senator Clark owns the Supreme Court
of Montana. In view of th« revelations of the Sena
torial inquiry surprise would have been more nat
ural if it were proved that Clark did not own the
court.
The Fastest Train Across tha Con-
tinent.
Tha California Limited. Santa F* Jloaf.
Connecting trains leava at S p. m. Monday,
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Flnast
equipped train and best track of any Una to
the East. Ticket office. CJ Market straat.
Secure a sound mind, which seldom got* with-
out a sound dlg-*stlon, by usfnr Dr. Siegerfs
Angostura Bitters. . /
Personally Conducted Excursions
In lmnroved wlde-veatltruled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Routs. Experlancad
excursion conductors accompany tbes* «zeur>
¦ions to look after tha welfara of paaaaafars.
To Chicago and Kansas City avary Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul ev«ry Sunday aa4
Friday. Ticket otflce. K3 Market street.
HER'ES A CHANCE TO LAUGH.
The British took a little knob of earth. •
And wildest Joy the Tommys thereat reldt;
But a Boer with gleaming rifle
Said: "Why,' pshaw, it's but a trine,
That ain't the only kopje on the veldt.
—North American.
"Shall I charge up the amount the
cashier skipped with to profit and loss?
queried the bookkeeper. •
"No," replied the head of the firm, put
it down under running expenses."—Phila
delphia Record. .
Filson— l don't believe there Is much dif
ference between genius and insanity.
Dilson-Oh. yes. there is a heap. The
lunatic is sure of his board and clothes.—
Ohio State Journal.
Clancy— l ¦ wunder whol Washington
Casey— Sure, Oi dunno! Mabbe China
men hod votes In thim days.— Puck.
"Do you thing doctors ought to help an
Incurable patient to die?"
"If he can't die without medical as
sistance, yes."— Detroit Journal.
"Ah!" he sighed, "may I not hope that
you will be mine forever and forever?"
"Yes," she replied softly, "you may
hope that long if you wish."— Catholic
Standard and Times.
Hicks — Was that your sister I saw you
with the other day? ': ..y ¦•
Wicks— Not atthat time. It was only
last evening that she promised to bear
that relation to me.— Boston Transcript.
"Dickey, people should live to help one
another/
"Yes, mar but I'd get more pie 'f you'd
let me help myself."— Chicago Record.
Opener and Packer Appointed.
James J. Cantler has been appointed
opener and packer for, the Appraiser**.
Department In the Custom-house In place
of Philip S. Dusenbury, who haa been
raised to the rank of messenger.
Gclllet'* Ire Cream and Cakes. 805 Larkia «.•
Cal. glace fruit 60c per R> at Townsend'a.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery* street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Must Serve Her Term.
Mrs. Yda Addis Storke of Santa Bar
bara will have to serve one year In the
County Jail of that county for libel. Her
appeal to the Supreme Court after her
conviction was of no avail, as that tri
bunal has refused to disturb the Judg
ment of the lower court.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DUMDUM BULLET-J. R. R-. City
The dumdum bullet derives its name from
the fact that it was invented and first
made in Dumdum, British East India. It
is a bullet of very soft lead at the end of
a steel shell, and when It strikes an ob
ject the lead expands, producing a ter
rific wound.
MILITARY AND NAVAL ACADEMY—
N. C, Princeton, Cal. A boy who desires
to enter either the United States military
or naval academy should file his applica
tion with the Congressman of the district
In which he lives. The ago for admission
to the military academy is between 17 and
22, and In the naval academy between 15
and 20 years.
STILL KEEPING IT UP— Subscriber,
City. It was supposed that the century
controversy had been settled lpng before
this, but "in order to settle a controversy
between two of your subscribers," this
department will say It ha 3 been announc
ed time and again that the twentieth cen
tury will commence on the first day of
January, 1901.
LOST NATURALIZATION PAPERS—
T. N. C, City. If a person loses naturali
zation papers a copy of the. same may be
obtained on application to or by commun
ication with the court which granted
such. As the correspondent does not state
in what court the papers were originally
obtained It Is Impossible to give Informa
tion as to the cost of securing a copy.
GEORGE WASHINGTON— L. H. E.,
Sugar "Pine, Tuolumne Co., Cal. George
Washington was born In 1732, which was
when the old style calendar prevailed and
according to that the date of his birth
was February H. out when the new cal
endar was adopted In 1732. It was discov
ered that the date of his birth if it had
been under that method of computing
time, his birthday would have been the
22d and by common consent that day was
fixed as the anniversary of his birth.
SEQUENCE IN CRIBBAGE— A. O. 8.,
Oakland, Cal. The law of sequence in
cribbage is that It "consists of three or
more cards following in successive num
bers, whether of the same suit or other
wise." He who holds them scores one
point for every card In the combination,
whether It takes place In playing or
counting the hand or crib. But there can
not be a sequence under three cards. To
form a sequence In play It makes no dif
ference which of the cards Is played first
or last, provided the sequence can be pro
duced by a transposition of the order In
which they fell. The court cards (king,
queen and knave) rank In sequence after
their usual classification as to rank, and
not alike as tenth cards. If In a play
there is played 3, 4, 5, the one who played
5 made a run of three; If the next player
plays 2 he Is entitled to a run of four,
and the next player placing a 6 on the
table is entitled to a run of five, and if the
next player plays a 3 he Is entitled to a
run of five, as he can count flve from his
last card.
FILIPINO BANDITS.
NEWS comes from Manila that a Filipino pris
oner, taken by a body of our military forces in
Luzon, after an action at arms in which a cor
poral was killed, is to be tried by court-martial for
murder.
This will be read by Americans with keen regret.
It is the adoption of the methods of Spain in Cuba
and the Philippines which we deprecated and within
two years were denouncing everywhere. The Cubans
and Filipinos were in revolution against Spain, as the
latter are against the United States. Spain treated
them as bandits and guerrillas, and shot them by
hundreds when they were taken prisoner. References
to all the speeches made in Congress before the Span
ish war discloses constant and unvaried denunciation
of Spain for this policy. In the public meetings held
all over this country r from San Francisco to Boston,
impressive pictures were drawn in many speeches
showing the slaughter of helpless prisoners, con
demned by court-martial for the offense of engaging
in revolution against Spanish sovereignty.
Yet Spain had for centuries been the master of
those people. In one way or another, affirmatively or
negatively, they had acknowledged Spanish jurisdic
tion. In the strict view of international law Spain had
a greater right to treat those people harshly than we
have. If viewed from a moral standpoint our right
can scarcely be discerned at all.
From all the information at hand from the Philip
pines it is established that practically all the people are
in sympathy with the revolt against our sovereignty.
What we have done in assertion of our jurisdiction
has naturally inflamed further the feeling that caused
the original outbreak. But behind it all lie certain
long-cherished aspirations of those people, to which
we have shown no hospitality. There is no instance
in history proving that such aspirations can be eradi
cated by any slaughter or cruelty that stops short of
universal extermination. Spain tried it in the Philip
pines, committing the most appalling and sickening
butcheries, but without avail. It is worth while to re
member that she began with moderation and finally
was compelled to do wholesale murder. The shooting
of one poor devil at Calamba, for the crime of resist
ing our armed forces, may seem a small matter. He
is not our friend or neighbor; we don't know his
name even, and he dies far away. But that does not
end it. There may be a black-eyed wife, a father or a
son, and vengeance will be patiently cherished until
opportunity offers, and then there will arise the ne
cessity for more slaughter.
We implore those who have authority to prevent
our entry upon 6uch a bloody path, upon such a pol
icy of butchery. Rather let us ascertain the aspirations
of those distant people; let us study their ambitions
and capacities and lead them elsewhere than to the
slaughter-pen.
Mr. Sogback of Arkansas.
(Life.)
"Kxcuse me. Brother Sogback." said an
Arkansas matron, who was one of the
High Pirates at the church festival, ad
dressing a determined-looking gentleman
who was gastronomizing at one of the
tables, "but are you— ah!— going to stop
eating pretty soon? You have your fiftn
bowl of oyster stew now, and — ah! "
"The case." replied Brother Sogback.
with his mouth full, ."stands like this.
Sister Hooks: You made me pay in ad
vance. I forked over a five-dollar bill,
and you sweetly told me that, as it was
for the benefit of the church. It was
against the rules to give any change back.
So. now, sister, I'm goln' to keep right on
eatln" till one of three things happens—
till the rules are amended for my benefit,
or I git my moneys worth, or bust.
That's the kind of a man I am. Sister
Hooks."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore Is at the
Palace.
Dr. J. 11. Barr of Marysville is a guest,
at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Stltt of Vacavllle are reg
istered at the Palace.
L. A. Spltzer, Assessor of Santa Clara
County, Is at the Grand.
Dr. B. N. Wood. U. S. N., Is a guest at
the Palace, where he arrived last even
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Lawrence of Vaca
ville are among the recent arrivals at
the Lick.
C. A. Carries, assistant general passen
ger agent of the Chicago and Northwest
ern, is in the city.
S. A. Hutchinson, assistant general pas
senger agent of the Union Pacific, is a
guest at the Palace.
Dr. H. M. Pomeroy, one of the leading
physicians of Los Angeles, and Mrs.
Pomeroy are at the Lick.
W. N. Davis, a wealthy manufacturer
of Detroit, is registered among the late
arrivals at the Occidental. 1
F. P. Tuttle, a wealthy land owner and
extensive fruit grower of Auburn, Is at
the Occidental with his wife.
E. H. Cox, the Madera banker and cap
italist. Is' in the city on a flying business
trip. He. is staying at the Palace.
James M. Clark, general ' Western
freight agent of the Lake Shore Rail
road, is at the Palace, where he arrived
yesterday, accompanied by his wife.
Alden Anderson, the Sulsun politician,
and J. B. Richardson, a prominent fruit
grower of the same place, are at the
Grand. Airs. Anderson is with her hus
band.
Vice President J. C. Stubbs of the
Southern Pacific Company leaves to
night for Chicago to attend a meeting
of the executive officers of the Western
roads, which is shortly to be held in the
Windy City.
Colonel A. O. Gassen arrived In the city
yesterday from his home In San Diego,
and is now at the Palace. He reports ihat
the season at Coronado is extremely at
tractive and that the great hotel is crowd
ed with tourists. Among the guests are
many distinguished visitors from the
East.
his rescue. But Milord quickly smiled a
glad smile of intelligence.
"Ah! I see. I see, Mr. Choate," he ex
claimed. "Mr. Depew belongs to ycur
grand, great middle class."
DANCED FOUR
NEW FIGURES
Magnificent Cotillon Given
in Honor of Miss Kath
erine Dillon.
One of the most elaborats affair* of
the season was the german last evening
given by Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey la
honor of their daughter. Miss Katnerln«
Dillon. The beautiful Caaey horn« on
Jackson street was placed entirely at th«
disposal of the guests, 120 In number.
Fruit blossoms, palms, ferns, grasses and
countless roses were used In the decora
tion of the drawing-room, ballroom and
supper-room.
About 9 o'clock the guests began to ar
rive and general dancing was at once In
augurated. At 10:30 o'clock the cotillon
was in order. E. M. Greenway led the
merry guests through four pretty figures,
the favors for each of which were un
usually pretty. For the first figure, tha
"hoop figure," wands gay with ribbons
were given to the ladles and "peonies"
fashioned of shaving paper were carried
away by the men. The second figure was
the "sleigh bell." and the favors were
reins and bells for the ladies and whips
for the gentlemen. Martha Washington
caps for the ladies and George Washing
ton hatchets for the gentlemen were tha
favors for the "naval figure." The last
figure was the beautiful "flag figure."
and the favors were hearts for the. ladles
and plerrots for the gentlemen. i~.
Mr. and Mrs. Casey received the guests
assisted by Mlsg Dillon. Miss Dillon's
gown was white lace over white satin,
the overdress being embroidered with
mother of pearl sequins.
— Tbe World.
UP THE SAME OLD PATH.
RACETRACK GAMBLING AGAIN.
ON Tuesday the police raided a place on Market
street where it was suspected that illegal pool
selling was carried on, and when the officers
entered they found twenty-seven women and two men
in the room. The incident serves to recall the extent
to which pool-selling and racetrack gambling were
carried on in this city before public indignation
roused the municipal authorities to the duty of sup
pressing the evil. The crusade that ended in closing
Ingleside racetrack to the track gamblers and putting
a stop to their nefarious trade in San Francisco took
place only a short tjme ago, and yet already some of
the worst features of the evil have been revived.
It is hardly worth while to point out again the dis
tinction between legitimate and illegitimate racing.
Rightly conducted the practice of testing the speed
and the endurance of horses by means of racing is by
no means an idle sport. It tends to the improvement
of the breed of horses and results in widespread bene
fits. It has been called "the sport of kings," and has
engaged a considerable part of the energies of some
of the foremost men of all civilized countries. That
sport, however, like all others, is liable to degrada
tion, and the degradation comes when it passes from
the control of gentlemen to those of gamblers with
their following of touts and toughs. " *
It can be safely said that whenever racing is con
ducted primarily for the purpose of testing the. com
parative speed of horses.it is a legitimate and com
mendable practice, but whenever it is conducted
mainly for the purpose of gambling it becomes cor
rupting and degrading, enriching the professionals
who direct it, indeed, but doing so at the expense of
the community, and ruining hundreds of those who
become the victims of its enticements.
Racetrack gambling has been a plant of rapid and
portentous growth in this country. In the East it
became some years ago an evil of such magnitude
that drastic measures were adopted to" suppress it.
Since then a strong and unscrupulous contingent of
the Eastern gambling fraternity has come to Califor
nia to ply their trade. These persons live at the best
hotels, wear the finest of garments, dine sump
tuously every day and indulge in the costliest wines
and cigars. To support such a mode of life there is
needed a large revenue. Have .the people of San
Francisco ever stopped to consider where the revenue
comes from, where the gamblers obtain the money
they are so lavish in spending?
Racing upon gambling tracks is in its way as big a
fake and as much of a fraud as most of the so-called
"ring contests" which other gamblers carry on by the
aid of prize-fighters. The managers of the tracks fix
the conditions for entries to each event in such a way
they know fr.om the beginning which horse will win.
In betting against their combinations the public has
no more chance than in betting against a brace game
in a gambling room. The blacklegs have "a sure
thing." They win as a matter of arrangement, and
live in luxury upon the spoils of fools.
Men, boys, and even women, as the record shows,
are enticed to make bets upon the races. They lose,
and then they seek to recover the loss. In a short
time the losses mount up so high that the victims be
come involved in disaster, and exposure Is imminent.
In desperation they resort first to petty frauds to ob
tain money to make further bets in a mad hope of re
trieving themselves, and from that degree of wrong
doing proceed to downright crime. Embezzlement,
theft, robbery, murder and suicide have in this city
been within a few years traced to the effects of losses
on the racetrack or in the poolrooms. These things
were fully exploited at the time of the closing of the
gambling at Ingleside, and it should not be necessary
to go over them again to show the importance of
preventing the resumption of the practice of selling
pools upon the races at the gambling tracks.
In this connection it is to be noted the gamblers
have several times asserted that the Supervisors
would grant a new license for racing at Ingleside
racetrack. It is not likely the Supervisors .will do any
such thing. If, however, such a license .should :be
voted, the public will look to Mayor Phelan to veto
it. He signed the ordinance closing .tfae track, and
can hardly be so inconsistent as to consent to .. per
mit its opening. On that issue at least he has gone
on record unequivocally, and has surely too. much
self-respect to stultify himself upon it. > '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
cans only 20 per cent. Further statistics show that
of the shipping which passed through the Suez canal
in that year the British vessels had a tonnage of 6,297,
743 tons, other foreign nations 2,939,329 tons, while
American vessels had but 153 1 tons.
Upon the showing thus made Mr. Nimmo says:
"From this and other data of similar import it is
certain that under the existing conditions controlling
our merchant marine engaged in foreign commerce,
fully 95 per cent of the tonnage which would pass
through the Nicaragua canal would be British and
other foreign, and not over 5 per cent American. So
the permission granted by Great Britain that the
United States may construct, maintain and operate
the canal at its own expense simply amounts to a
consent that this country may. construct, maintain and
operate a highway of commerce for the special bene
fit of British shipping."
The statements and conclusions of this opponent of
the canal are true so far as they go. If our merchant
marine continue under "existing conditions" the
benefits we derive from the canal will be mainly those
which result to our domestic trade between the ports
of our Pacific and our Atlantic coast. Such benefits
will be great, but they will not be enough. The force
of the argument, however, does not tend against the
construction of the canal, but against the existing
conditions, which so hamper our merchant vessels
that of those engaged in our own foreign trade we
had but 20 per cent of the tonnage in the fiscal year
of 1898, according to Mr. Nimmo's figures. Such
conditions should be changed. When we have given
to American ships the governmental support which
will enable them to compete on equal terms with the
subsidized lines of European . nations, we shall have
a full share in the trade of the ocean. The true moral
of the statistics cited is that the passage of the ship
ping bill is imperatively needed in connection with
the canal bill.
6FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF
FURNITURE, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS.
MATTINGS, ETC..
From 10 to 20 per cent on account of enlarging
store. Must make room for new 'goods. Try
my credit system. Ths only liberal credit
house on the Coast.
Estimate* given on complete houMturnlshlng.
Prices lower than ever. ' ;t-z
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
Open evenings.
Free delivery. Oakland and suburbs.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TIMES THIS WEEK.
Standing Room at Every Performance.
CVEKY EVENING AT BilS.
MATINEE DAILY AT SitS.
TBEmL JEFFRIES-
CONTEST PICTURES.
IMPORTANT!
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON and NIGHT.
LAST PKRFORMANCfiS
This Theater win remain elose-d for two
we*ks commencing Monday, February Vi, to
allow for Extensive Etage Improvements.
NEXT— "HAVE YOU BEEN SMITH?"
*TIVOLI*
"HOOT MON, THEYCANNA RESIST ME!"
Holiday Matinee To-Day,
AND 45th TIME TO-NIGHT
Of the Rpcord-Breaklng Comic Opera
THE
inni 'Q fvf
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRlCfcfc— 2sc and 50c.
Telephone Bush 9.
BLAB WITH CUNEIFORM W KITING
(In the British Museum.)
terest of Herodotus and other historians.
Among others things Layard found sev
eral rooms filled with the relics of a re
markable library. It was the custom of
the Assyrians to use for books and doc
uments, even for business receipts and
contracts, clay tablets or cylinders, and
Layard had stumbled on a vast store
house or library of these records, which
were, however, for the most part !n a
wretchedly mutilated condition. Rome
30,000 of these fragments were sent to the
British Museum, and the interpretation of
these and of later finds has given us a
unique knowledge of that portion of an
cient history. It is good to add that
America also has done her share In this
work. In ISS7 the University of Pennsyl
vania sent a party to the spot with the
result that about 20,000 fragments hay.»
been collected In the university museum
in Philadelphia.
The characters employed by the Assyri
ans were as peculiar as the substance
used instead of paper. These aie the so
called cuneiform, or wedge-shaped char
acters, which were known to us. even be
fore the time of Botta and Layard, from
certain inscriptions on stone, but which
defied interpretation until greater re
sources were at our commanu. These
cuneiform writings are in several ditlerf'r.t
styles and languages. Those of oldest
date are not strictly wedge-shaped, but
are made of short, straight lines and are
the simplified outlines of ideographs, or
picture words, that had been employed
for stone inscriptions. When they came
into use a wedge-shaped instrument was
handy for pressing the marks on the ir.olst
earth and we have genuine cuneiform
writing. This writing was now idej
graphic and syllable-that is. some cnar
acters stood for a word, while others were
phonetic and recorded a syllable. When,
later on the Persians conquered Assyria,
they adopted the same method of writing,
but in a much simplified form, using only
forty-two characters as a phonetic alpna-
b There is at present a vivacious dispute
waging among Assyriologlsts in regard to
the people who first inhabited the fertile
valley of the Euphrates and Tigris It
used to be held, and many still hold, that
this people, called the Akkadians, or Su
merians or Sumero-Akkadians. who built
Babylon and originated that great civili
zation, were of the Turanian race and
quite different in language and character
from the Assyrians, who later subdued
them Other scholars maintain that from
the first the inhabitants of Babylon were
of Semitic source, aktn— that is. In lan
guage and religion— to the Hebrews and
Arabs. However this may be, the civili
zation of the country as known to the an
cient Jews and Greeks, and as we see it
reflected in its ruins, was chiefly Semitic.
As has been said, the tablets already
Interpreted include almost every form of
literary and Incidental writing. What may
in any true sense be reckoned as litera
ture is all strongly imbued with religious
Ideas Apart from the interest of mere
antiquity and the slight influence that As
syria had on more Important civilization,
it cannot be said that this literature has
any great Intrinsic value. Professor Jas
trow in his recent handbook of the As
syrian religion, divides the subject treat
ed Into five groups— magical texts, hymns
and prayers, omens and forecasts, cos
mogony, epics and legends. Note the fol
lowing hymn of Nebuchadnezzar the king
so well known to us in the Bible, to the
god Marduk. The translation Is Professor
Jastrow'a.
0 Eternal Ruler! Lord of the Universe!
Grant that the name of the king whom Thou
Whose^name Thou hast mentioned, may flourish
as seems srocd to Thee.
Guide him on the right path.
1 am the ruler who obeys Thee, the creation of
Thy hand.
It Is Thou who hast created roe.
And Thou hast Intrusted to me sovereignty orer
mankind. JV
According- to Thy mercy. O Lord, which Thou
bestowest uron all.
Cause me to love Thy supreme rule.
Implant the fear of Thy divinity In my heart.
Grant to me whatsoever eeem good before Thee,
Since it Is Thou that dost control my life.
Notably the most interesting and Im
portant part of Assyrian literature is com
prised in certain mythical poems and in
the great epic of Gilgamesh. Were space
at command It would be profitable to
study in detail come of these minor
poems, and especially the famous lines
which tell of the descent of Ishtar. god
dess of love and fertility, into hades, and
of the blight which her absence caused to
the upper world of light. The description
here given of the realm of the dead, on
whose portals the dust lies ever undis
turbed, is one of the most graphic pic
tures ever portrayed with the pen. But
we must pass on to the longer poem, of
which the descent of Ishtar was formerly
supposed to be an episode.
The great epic of Assyrian literature is
contained on twelve tablets, each tablet
holding a book, and extends through some
30,000 lines; but, unfortunately, the ut
most diligence hitherto has failed to dla
cover more than half the whole poem,
and much that has been discovered Is in,
so fragmentary a state as to make inter
pretation extremely doubtful. An Ameri-
against an enemy who Inhabits a stranga
fortress situated in a grove of wonderful
beauty and shaded by a great tree. The
enemy Is subdued, and apparently Eabani
ia made lord of the mystic garden, where
he can follow out the Instincts of his half
animal nature. A new element 13 now in
troduced, and we find Ishtar, the queen
goddess. t>leadlng i for the love of Gilga
mesh. There Is a note of curious mys
tery in the words with which the hero
rejects her advances. Too many lovers
have suffered a strange ill at her hands —
Tamuz, a lion, a shepherd, a bird of the
forest. Of thfr bird he says:
Thou didst crush htm and break his pinions.
In the woods he stands and laments. "O. my
pinions."
In revenge for this refusal Ishtar'a
father sends upon him a savage bull, but
the hero and his friend destroy the beast
and Gilgamesh' offers up his horns as a
sacrifice.
Then the gods snatch away Eabani. and
send sickness upen Gilgamesh; and the
hero In his grief and pain travels afar
off by a road beset with fantastical dan
gers to Parnaplshtim. who alone of man
kind is immortal. He climbs a fearful
mountain. Is ferried across the boisterous
sea and at last meets the undying hero
face to face, only to hear that death is in
evitable and that he. too. must die. "But
how then hast thou escaped death?" asks
Gilgamesh; and in reply Parnaplshtim
tells him the story of the flood— how for
its sirs his city was burled under the
water, and only he and his wife, being
warned by a god. saved themselves In a
"six-storied" boat. "When the flood sub
sides the gods are repentant for the evil
they have wrought and grant him Immor
tality. There is a striking similarity be
tween this episode and the story of the>
flood in the Bible, and unquestionably the
two accounts are different versions of
some ancient tradition. When the waters
have diminished the Assyrian Noah sends
out birds just as the Hebrew Noah:
When the seventh day approached
I sent forth a dove.
The dove flew about.
Rut. flndinsr no resting place, returned;
Then I m?nt forth a swallow.
The swallow flew about.
But, flndtiur no resting place, returned;
Then I sent forth a raven.
The raven flew out, and, seelngr the waters had
decreased,
Cautiously waded In the mud. but did not
return.
GUgamesh is healed of his sickness and
sent by the undying hero to seek the
plant of immortality. He finds the plant.
but a demon snatches It from his hand
and he Is forced to return, healed but
still mortal, to Uruk.
Last of all we see him wandering from
temple to temple lamenting his departed
friend Eabani. He even strives to learn
of the state of his friend in hades, and
we fee Eabani "rise up like a wind" and
stand before him. Gilgamesh cries to
him:
Tell me. my companion, tell me. my companion.
The nature of the land which than hast ex
perienced; oh, tell me.
But the sad reply is:
I cannot tell ' the*, my friend, Z easnot t»Il
thnl
And so this strange poem, whose age no
man can guess, comes to an end.
Harvard University.
can scholar. Professor Haupt of Balti
more, has done more than any other one
person to restore the poem, so far as res
toration is possible. Even the name of
the hero was until quite recently a matter
of entire uncertainty. The -word was al
ways found written in ideograph style,
and the conventional reading 1 . Izdubar.
was accepted In lieu of anything better.
Recently, however, the syllabic character
has been discovered, and the name is now
commonly read Giliaramesh. a word which
signifies apparently savior or conqueror.
The following analysis and extracts of the
poem are abridged from Professor Jaa
trow's work already alluded to:
We are Introduced first to the ancient
city of Urulc (or Erech), which apparently
for some offense to the gods is suffering:
a terrible siege. Then In some unknown
way (the text 13 here very fragmentary)
we see the city under the control of Gll
sramesh, probably Its conqueror. The In
habitants, in despair at the tyranny of
Gilpamesh. appeal to the frods, and the
creature Eabani, half man and half bea.it,
la sent to save them. The wiles of Gll
pamesh to win Eabani to his side are
graphically told, and at last the monster
is seduced by a fair ¦woman. Ukhat. sent
out by the Prince to allure him.
Gllgramesh and Eabani are now faat
friends, and together the two march
It is the part of wisdom to get rid of kidney disease
and to begin to-day.
• -4. >**H ¦ J*k ' * ' '
is tic 22d of February,
ASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY-and it is right and
just that it is so. Since the day when Washington first
saw the light what a number of red letter days brighten
the calendar of the years. Hundreds of inventions and
discoveries now annihilate space, lighten toil, deaden pain
and lengthen life. Among the great discoveries of the
A N«w Deal.
Th» wetl-known Westerfeld'a bakeir an 4
restaurant. 1035 Market st.. Is now under en-
tirely new management; every thin* up-to-data.*
Washington's Birthday.
The best holiday dinner In the city win b»
served at Zfnkajid's to-day. Try It and you'll
beliero it. «
.There are sixty-two lawyers In the pres-
ent Legislature of New York, less than a
third of the membership of ths two
houses.
Two Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: J. N. Thissell of Solano Coun
ty, liabilities, $1566 20; assets. $300. Paul
Haussen, San Francisco, $906; no assets of
value.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Fell 18 to 14. Inclusive
Six high-class running races every week
day. rain or chine, beginning at 1:10 p. m
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
tror.s step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand.* glass-encloeed. where,
comfortably boused In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the" race*.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
1:60. 10:40 and 11:80 a. m., and 13:15. 12:35, U:M
and 1:25 p. m., returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m.- SeaU In rear ears re-
scrred for women and their eaeorta, No amok-
Ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
Ban Jose and Way Station*— Arrtv* at Ban
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leavt San Bruno at 4tOt
and 4:45 p. m. •,
RATES— San Frsnclsco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, 1L 25. - -
W. 3. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
COLUMBIA^
Third and Last Week, the Famous
BOSTONIANS.
TO-NIOHT AND FRIDAY
"THE SERENADE."
SATURDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY
MATINEE.
"ROBIN HOOD."
Beg. NEXT MONDAY,
DENMAN THOMPSON
AND an Entirely N«»w Production of
THE OLD HOMESTEAD,
NOTK— Mr. Thompson will positively appear
fiurlnc this trraremeTjt (for the first time
here In ov*r twelve year*), presenting nls orig-
inal creation cf Joehua Whttcomb.
WE NEVER LIE. NEITHER DID
GEORGE WASHINGTON. ABOUT A PLAY.
WHO IS WHO,
THAT VERY FUNNY COMEDY
Will Be Given THIS AFTERNOON
And for the Re*t ot This Week.
BEATS ON SALE TO-DAY FOR
•THE SILENCE OF DEAN MAITLAND."
resented by MR. H. *•. R°B£«Jft*«
eminent Australian actor, and MIES MAGGIE
ftfOOßSti AUSTRALIAN COMPANY. First
performance Sunday afternoon. Feb. S. at i:I6.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 6W.
CROWDED EVERY NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Immense Success ot tb» Third Edition of i
ALADDIN JR.
DOJTT MISS THE IRISH CAKEWALK.
CSUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Oood Reserved Beat In Orchestra at Thurs-
day and Saturday Matinee. IS centf.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
LABT FOUR MCHT6.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHERT
15c, 25c "I^x6?° 35c, 50c.
Next Week— TDE NEW SODTB.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE; LILLIAN YON TILSB; the
BLACK BARTONS; OUHANA: PAUL LA
CROIX: GEORGE BYRD and NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
fTo Day, Washington's Birthday,
Balloon Asccssion in the
Afternoon.
FIREWORKS AT NIGHT.
CAKEWALK SATURDAY NIGHT!
Fhona for 5eit5. .....,„.„...,.. PARS 23
OH, MY BACK!
DOES your
back ache?
Have you dull,
dragging pains
below your
kidneys? Do
you feel tired
and always
want to sit
down? If you
do, you will
find quick and
wonderful re-
lief in my Elec-
tric Belt. It is
nature's rem-
edy for these
troubles. The
Dr. McLaughlin Method
of applying electricity gtves me power to send
the strengthening current direct to the worn-out
muscles, to give them new life, cause a better
circulation and In a few daya a permanent cure.
Tou wear It while you sleep.
Call and test It free. If you can't, I will send
you my booklet free, telling. all about It
dr. m. A. Mclaughlin,
70S Market St., cor. Kfarny, 6L F.; Burdlck
Mock, cor. Bprtaff and Second etf., Lo# Anceletv
PARKER WILL LEAD
ST. LOUIS' FIGHT
C. A. Parker, who has been appointed
to the commisslonershlp of the St. Loots
Traffic Bureau, vice A. J. Vanlandlncham.
deceased, will lead the battle of the St.
Louis Jobbers at the. sessions of the In
terstate Commerce Commissioners, soon
to be held in Los Angeles. San Francisco
and Portland. He is credited here with
being the strongest man that the St.
Louis people could have selected to repre
sent them. He was formerly traffic man
ager of the Missouri Pacific and after
the collapse of the Western Freight As
sociation he assumed the management of
two large Eastern concerns, making h:»
headquarters in Chicago. He now resides
in St. Louts. Much local Interest has been
manifested In the succession to Vanland
lncham. who prepared the case for the;
St. Louis merchants for the present pro
ceedings. The Pacific Coast will be rep
resented before the Commissioners by E.
S. Pillsbury as attorney, and he will be.
assisted by President Wakefleld Baker.
Traffic Manager Loveland and "W. R.
Wheeler of the Paciflc Coast Jobbers* and
Manufacturers* Association.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REUBEN P. HURLBUT, THE ILLUSTRIOUS POTENTATE.
J. Harry Pcott, J. Fred Sehllngman, TV. H.
Striker, Millon G. Strong:. Charles W. Slack, F.
A. Somers. A. G. Schetzel, J. B. Schlndler,
G. H. Slebe, \V. F. Southard, J. O. Bpauldtng,
Edwin A. Stevenson, M. J. Savage, Slgmund
Sichel, Dr. T Wilson Servls*. M. Storn, E. C.
Stock. A. XV. Scott. R. A. Pohonfeld. Dr. J. H.
Soper, C. F. Sommers, Herman J. Sadler,
Lewis A. Spltzer, H. Severing:, Ph. gelbel, W.
A. Stephenson, Charles G. Stahlman, J. W.
Still. W. E. Smith.
Edward R. Thompson, W. S. Taylor, F. L.
Thlrkield, C. Toohey, E. .K. Taylor, F. L. Tur
pln", G. Howard Thompson, William Thomas, B.
N« Trobock, P. S. Teller. George Thompeon,
Edwin W. Tucker, James M. Troutt. John Ton
ntnßsen, Thomas Thomson.
Henry P. Umbsen.
H \'ia BerKen. Frank J. Veen. R. J. "Van
Voorhles, E. J. Vorel.
W. H. W'llcox James A. Wilson, Eugene
Wooden, Frank W. Webster, L, Wadhams, M.
J. Whitney, Robert Wleneke, Louis Welnmann
E. B. Willis, f>r. R. B. Williams. John Wag
ner. Clark Wise. C. H. Weatherwax. L. O.
Wallace, John H. Williams. Edwin Whlpple, C.
H Weaver, W. C. Welch, C. T. Wendell,
Georre W, Wlttman, F. W. Williams, Aaa R
Wella H. W. Westphal. J. M. Wllklns, C. S.
Wright. Geonre Wolters, W. J. Whitney. C. A.
Warren, O. F. Westphal. M. A. Wheaton E.
Woerner, 8. H. Wagener, Dr. A. B. yon Wefels
bur jr. A. Weed. •>; .
John Nelleg Young-. C. G. Tounir.
Special Matinee TO-DAY, Thursday,
Washington 's Birthday.
Psrqiiet, 25c, any s«at; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part.
A REMARKABLE BILL OF ALL 600 D THINGS
KATHRYN OSTERMAN AND COMPANY.
HARRIS 4 FIELDS: DE WITT & BURNS;
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS: CUSHMAN,
HOLCOMBE & CURTIS: MONROE & MACK;
DEETS & DON: ROMALO BROTHERS;
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE,
Kedieal iMct fret. Addren Warner's Baft Cart Co., Bochetter, V. T. Hieroteopletl examination* en applicatien.
Warner's Safe Cure is a specific for kidney disease
when taken in time and according to directions. It Will not work
miracles, but it will do all that human agency can accomplish. .
time is a warning that the kidneys are not doing the work nature intended
them to do and that the body through that failure is surely becoming
poisoned by the deadly acids which ought to be eliminated.
ure of strength, pallor of face, swelling of the ankles, shortness of
breath, chills, fever, scanty, high colored fluids, etc. A person may not
have all of the symptoms, but one of them continued for any length of
scopical examination of the fluids of the body. Prominent among the
symptoms are fickle appetite, failure of eyesight, nervousness, frequent
desire to pass fluids, constipation, chronic rheumatic pains, gradual fail-
The kidneys have few nerves of sensation, hence
Br.ght's disease cannot be detected except by its symptoms or a micrcH-
Bright's disease and consumption do not kill at once.
There are first, second and third stages. The time to treat these terrible
diseases is at their inception. Bright's disease is consumption of the
kidneys, and no man or woman can live without kidneys, any more than
they can without lungs.
Dropsy, heart failure, convulsions, etc., are but
symptoms of Bright's disease, a disease before which physicians stand
aghast.
etc., instead of Bright's disease.
nineteenth century none stand out more prominent than that of Warner's
Safe Cure, a vegetable preparation for the cure of that terribly insidious
disease — Bright's disease of the kidneys. The disease was first named by
Dr. Bright of England. It had been known previous to his time as
dropsy, and death certificates were given, and are given to-day, by repu-
table physicians, for dropsy, heart disease, heart failure, convulsions,
THE LITERATURE OF NINEVEH AND BABYLON.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton-
GOLDEN /\GES OF* LITERATURE.
HI. ASSYRIAN" I/ITERATTJBE.
There is something of a dispute betwean
students of things Egyptian and Assyrian
as to which records reach further Into the
past. If we could credit the imagination
of certain scholars the history of Assyria
goes back to the fabulous period that
sounds almost geological. At ( any rate,
there is age enough here to lend the mys
tery of antiquity to this study; and the
discovery and deciphering of these records
form another chapter In the romance of
modern scholarship.
In 1842 a French Consul, P. E. Botta, be
gan to make excavations near Nineveh,
where he found ruins of great extent. The
objects sent by him to the Louvre were
sufficient to awaken the curiosity of schol
ars. A few years later the work of exca
vation was taken up by Layard, and the
ruins unearthed by him in Nineveh and
Babylon from 1545 to ISSO are described by
him in volumes that have become classics
of English literature. Here for centuries
had lain, under mounds of earth blown up
by the wind, the remains of a mighty civ
ilization that long ago had aroused the in-
A Red Letter Day
THE illustrious nobles of the ancient
Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine
who belong to Islam Temple of this
city were the exclusive possessors
last night of the Alcazar Theater
for a theater party to the members
and their wives, lady relatives and their
friends. It was a ladies' night par excel
lence, for they outnumbered the nobles
who occupied seats all over the house.
each wearing a fez and a magnificent
jewel of the ordex.
The vestibule of the theater was deco
rated with carmine silk drapings, red lan
terns and a bower of ferns, the whole pro
ducing a beautiful effect. As each lady
entered the theater she was presented
with a small silk American flag and a
souvenir programme In the shape of a
red fe» with black silk tassel. Shortly be
fore the curtain rose the orchestra struck
that familiar air, "We "Won't Qo Home
Till Morning," and then followed the soul
inspiring strains of the "Star-spangled
Banner," when the entire audience, num
bering: nearly twelve hundred, arose, the
ladies waving the little flags and all Join-
Ing In the chorus with a hearty good will.
It was a sight the like of which has
never before been seen In this or any other
theater in San Francisco.
The play 'was the "Prodigal Father,"
and It was interspersed with many hits
at the Shriners which were Greek to the
ladles but well understood by the members
and highly appreciated. When Miss Bla
ney, the leading lady, appeared in the
first act wearing a fez she was greeted
with a round of applause.
Preceding the third act, Reuben P. Hurl
but, the Illustrious potentate of Islam
Temple, appeared behind the footlights
and delivered a short address, telling the
audience how to form after the perform
ance and march to the hostelry on Mason
street. He stated that It had been ar
ranged to have five hundred there, but
when it was announced that there would
be 750, the landlord's hair turned gray In
a minute, and when subsequently told
that he should provide for 1200 he sur
rendered the house to the Shriners and
they were forced to engage another ca
terer. While he was talking little Miss
Edith Cooper, who took part In the per
formance, rushed up to the speaker and
called him "Uncle Hurlbut." when he took
her In his arms and kissed her. He then
on one bended knee crowned her with a
fez of the Shriners, and while he was do
ing this the curtain was raised and he
found himself in the midst of the actors
and for a few moments one of them. To
escape, he opened a bottle of sparkling
wine and the Shriners with one accord
eang "Oh, We Are Awful Dry," but there
was no response from behind the foot
lights.
Tne members and guests marched to the
hostelry, where they divided into throe
parties, occupying the three floors of the
building, and were served with a colla-'
tlon, and on the lower floor the Illustri
ous potentate who conceived the idea of
the entertainment acted as toastmaster.
and at midnight called on W. E. Smith to
responded to the toast, "Washington, the
Father of His Country." He was followed
by Charles L. Patton, who responded to
the toast of "The Ladles," and "Uncle
George" Bromley gave one of his charac
teristic talks, full of sparkling humor. The
Temple Quartette rendered several excel
lent vocal selections, and there was danc
ing on the first and third floors after the
formalities of the night, and at 4 o'clock
this morning the party sang "Auld Lang
Syne."
The illustrious potentate was assisted
by Nobles Thomas L. Hill. C. S. Benedict,
William E. Lutz. Thomas Morton, Rob
ert Moore and Hiram T. Graves.
There were present the following named,
who were accompanied by ladles:
! John R. Altken, Robert Ash, Charles H. Ab
bott, George S. Andrus. F. H. Ames. Geortce
R. Armstrong, Louts A. Arzner, Wlnslow An
derson, Henry Ascroft, George E. Ames, George
"U Alexander, J. G. Allen.
C. T. Barton, C. M. Bredhoff, C. 8. Bene
dict, "W. Blackwell, Charles Bone. S. Bonlfleld,
Samuel W. Buckbee. A. O. Budlngtun. Thomas
H. Browne. Dr. K. R. Bryant, Walter N. Brunt.
George T. Bromley, Henry Bohle, H. A. Brown.
Richard Belcher, Peter D. Bernhard. A- W.
Bishop, A. A. Batkln, George W. Bennett, J.
H. Bennett. R. P. Burr, J. H. Brunlnes. H.
J. Burns Alexander Bersren, H. Block. Joseph
Black, George H. Burnham, Phil T. Browne.
W. W. Blngham, Frank Boskowitz. E. J. Benl
dlct, A. C. Bauer, Louis F. Brenner, Robert
Brajrg, Paul Boettcher, W. B. Bridge, O. E.
Bacon, Paul W. Bennett, Dr. George E. Bush
nell. Charles Bliss, Peter T. Barclay. John A.
Brltton, A W. Baldwin. John Barneson.
Dr. W. H. Craig. R. N. Carson, J. H. .Cunard.
J. J. Crawford, Charles M. Coglan, C. W. Con
lisk, J. C. Campbell, Edftar B. Carroll, John
Morrison Curtis, E. P. Colgan. R. 8. Culverwell.
J. F. Chandler, Walter C. Campbell. Frank
M. Cartan. W. H. Crim. Andrew Chrlstensen.
George H. Dyer. T. Byron Do Witt, Henry P.
Dalton, W. w. Douglass, J. E. De Golla, B. B.
Duncan, Dr. Charles W. Decker, V. D. Duboce,
E. E. Drake, Aaron Doud, W. S. Davts, A. 8.
De Guerre, George B. F. R. I>rlnkhouse, George
E Dow. Cyrus E. Dow, Robert Day, Gus E.
Dorn. L. P. Degan, W. G. Downing.
Luther J. Evanß, R. C. Emery, Daniel J.
Edgar, J. Stanley Ewlng, Chester H. Evans,
J. P. Edwards.
Theo Frolich, J. P. Fraser. B. P. Flint.
Roger B. Friend, H. M. Furman. E. C. Flag.
John Farnham, M. O. Feudner. C. L. Field, G.
Mortimer Franks, J. B. Fuller.
John GUlson, George D. Graham, George E.
Goodman Jr., Samuel Gamble, John H. Gray,
G. T. Grilner, Albert T. Glass. W. S. Gage,
A. F. Gunn. L. U. Grant, H. J. Grauerholi.
B. F. Garratt. James M. Gassaway. W. G.
Gillesple. - _"
Joseph Hund, W. C. Heyer, A. T. Hatch, E.
C. Hughes, George J. Kobe, S. J. Hendy, W.
T. Hamilton. T. V. Harris. R. P. Hurlbut. F.
L. Helmer, Andrew Hanselman, O. J. Husted,
W. A. Halsted. Edward B. Hlndes, Ralph L.
Hathorn, A. Hallet, Christian Hellwlg. N. C.
Hacke, Henry C. Hubbard. R. B. Hale, W. 8.
Hume, J. H. Heitman. A. Hasselman. Daniel
E. Haves. J. H. Hertrobe. Richard Herring,
E. C. Hughes, S. C. Hammond. L. M. Hoefler,
C. L. Haskell, M. J. Humphrey, H. E. Holmes.
Adolph Hromada. Thomas R. Horton. J. H.
Hatch, George E. Howe. Thomas L. Hill.
Dr. H. I. Jones Martin Jones, M. Johnson,
Florin L. Jones, Phil D. Jewett, B. C. Jones,
W. R. Jones. H. W. Jackson.
Alpheus Kendall. William D. Keyston. Chas.
J. King, Henry Knust. A. F. Korbel, Henry
C. Keyes, Roy T. Kimball, Anton Krleg,
Thomas Kyle. L. J. Kendrlck. Thad B. Kent,
Joseph Knowland. C. G. Kenyon, J. R. Know
land, Thomas Klrkpatrlck, Frank Koenlg. H.
Kohler, William Kldston, Thomas A. .Keables.
Frank B. Ladd, A. V. Lancaster. C. F. Lopan.
H. Laws, H. Low Curtis H. Llndley, George
W. Lippman, H. D. Loveland, M. H. Logan,
John Lackmann, C. A, Luhrs, B. H. Lucke. W.
T. Little, W. W. Lyman, John Lee, W. E. Lota.
John Lee Jr.. T. M. McLeachlan. J. G. LJebold,
W. J. Lander. R, H. Lloyd.
S. G. Murphy, C. H. Murphy, A. W. McKen
zle, F. TV. G. Moebus, R. B. Murdock, Captain
J. McAllister, R. Menzel. H. S. Miller, Frank
McGowan, J. Alfred Marsh. R. H. Mowbray.
John Martin. D. W. Martin, H. B. Maxson.
William McLaughlln. N. W. Mountain, F. C.
Morgan, William S. Moses, Thomas Morton, A.
M. McDonald, R. B. Moor, James McCroason,
Frank K. Mott, Samuel D. Mayer. Frank \V.
Marston. C. C. Moorehouse, J. B. McCullough.
William Mooser. James McNaughton. Adolph
Meyer. A. McElroy. F. W. Man-in, 8. A. Mc-
Donnell. William McKay, J. J. Melgs, A. W.
Morton, L. R. Mears. H. S. Manning, H. E.
Mathews. James McNab, A. McLaughlln.
C. N. Neuhaus, Thomas H. Nlcholls, George
H. Neuman, Burr Noble.
L. Osborn. A. L. Ott, R. O. Osbom. D. R.
Oliver.
William E. Pettes, Dr. F. M. Perronnet, J.
S. Potts, Thomas K. Parker. G. M. Perine,
Charles L. Patton. Jonathan M. Peel, Warren
R. Payne. Thomas C. Plnckney, Webb N.
Pearce, A. L. Piper, W. R. Parnell. E. T.
Parsons. John Phaln, J. M. Phillips, Warren
Payne. \V. R. Phillips, H. H. Pitcher. \
M. Ryan, H. B. Ream, Theodore Relchert.
E. L. Reepe, H. D. Rowe. J. H. Reier. I>r. H.
E. Reid, B. N. Rowley. E. O. Reiser. Louis
Roesch. C. P. Robinson, H. R. Robbins.
W. H. Smith. M. SimonofC. W. A. Starblrd,
ISLAM TEMPLE SHRINERS
HAVE A GLORIOUS NIGHT
WABNEE'S B2MEDI2S.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
v j* . »r~"
B^n^^m ssEiSSfttifA
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Xrogh Mfg. Co.. I Sts-rsnson
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator ft Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 69 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
tllver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
STEAM ENGINFS.
Call and see the lightest, cheapest, special Cape
Nome steam engine: working parts completely
inclosed: $65 to 1255 for 1 to 20 horsepower;
weights 90 to 1400; one operating at RIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY C0.,- SIS Howard.
GASOLINB ENQINES,
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
large numbers of orders for Mom*. Hi-iu
First st.. S. F.
OILS. •
LUBRICATING Oil, Crud* Oil and Oaaoltn*.
EN8ION& MeGUFFICK. 23 Bp«ar St.. 8. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Schaezleln & Burrldge, 2 Hardie place, off
Kearny, between Butter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift GoM-Bearlng Sands perfectly. In opera,
tlon st C 25 Sixth it. BTRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Blmonds. 22 Market st.
ENGINES, BOILERS, ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers-
lowest prices on tht coast. Pins A Davis sts.
HENSHAW. BUCKLEY&CO.. Pumps. Steam and
Ga»«Un« Engines, Boilers. M and it Fremont.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE A CO., manufacturers, bags, tents,
covers. II and 33 California st.
7Chicago Grain Market.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE STOCK MARKET.
tatlons for time money and mercantile paper,
call money remaining easy. But in spite of
these depressing factors the undertone In the
general list was rather notable for firmness
and in the railroad department net losses are
the exception rather than the rule. The grang
ers and Missouri Pacific suffered most from
celling. The undertone of firmness was due
to aggressive strength In a number of Indl
\-ldual stocks, notably Norfolk and Western,
Southern Railway preferred, Reading first pre
ferred, Erie Telephone and the Chicago, Illi
nois and . Louisville stocks. London was a
liberal buyer, the buying being estimated at
35 000 shares of various International stocks.
A disregard by the speculative public of the
•diminishing bank reserves through absorption
by the United States treasury is accounted for
to some extent by the fact that sufficient
gold Is being received from Canada and from
California to partly offset the' drain to the
treasury. There was a sharp recovery In New
York exchange at several Interior centers to
day. Indicating a cessation of pressure from
that source. Speculators argue that with the
passage of the financial bill now in conference
between the two houses of Congress the banks
will take out oil the circulation to which they
are entitled, which would Involve an expansion
of currency of about 100 per cent of the pres
ent national bank note circulation. To-day's
buying of stocks for London, the hardening
tendency of the local money market and an In
crease In the supply offering of grain and cot
ton bills resulted In a considerable relaxation
of sterllns: exchange rates, demand sterling
dropping *» and cables no less than H P«r cent
on the pound.
Business in bonds was on a moderate scale
and prices for the most part show gains.
Total sales, par value, $2,093,000.
United States Ss advanced H and old 4s and
If »4 In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares C1 ?f. lns
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2.9i0 Atchlson 20* 4
fc.430 Atchison prefd 63»i
3,565 Baltimore & Ohio 62Vs
K<o Canadian Pacific 9S>;
1» Canada Southern 4(5*4
3.2C4 Chesapeake & Ohio 29V,
1.000 Chicago Great Western 13H
3,6fi3 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 123V 4
6,81 a Chicago Ind & Louisville 20S»
771 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 62Vi
:. Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92^
I.IDO Chicago & Northwestern 180
fclO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 108
l.OW) C C C 4 St Louis M'-A
2,0u0 Colorado Southern 5\
Colorado Southern lft prefd 43V*
340 Colorado Southern 2d prefd li?i
BSO Delaware & Hudson 116
300 Delaware I^ckawanna & Western.. IS2\»
1,710 l>enver & Kio Grande 20H
1.7D0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72 s *
b-ai Erie 12*4
2.&U0 Krie Ist prefd 37^»
Great Northern prefd 157 Vi
Hocking Coal 1"
BiO Hocking Valley 34V4
400 Illinois Central 113 V*.
875 lowa Central 13 1 *
lowa Central prefd oO'.i
100 Kansas City Plttuburg &. Gulf 12>i
Lake Erie & Western 21
400 Lake Erie & Western prefd H\i
Lake Shore 194
3.SCO Louisville & Nashville fc2>i
1,4 V) Manhattan L V>H
KO Metropolitan Street Railway 177^
210 Mexican Central 12
2W Minn & St Louis 62/4
Minn & St Louis prefd •• S2
3.500 Missouri Pacific 4C-H
Mobile & Ohio 42
2V> Mifsourl Kansas & Texas 10»i
1.&50 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33
MO New Jersey Central 117^4
BSS New York Central 133«%
86,729 Norfolk & Western 31!%
4.000 Norfolk & Western prefd 74?«
1,080 Northern Paclnc 53\i
Northern Pacific prefd 74i t
2,475 Ontario & Western 24"-»
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76 ;
4.850 Pennsylvania #..'. 134H
2.040 Reading 1S S * j
42.450 Reading Ist prefd 58W
4,66(» Heading 2d prefd tt\i
.200 Rio Grande Western 4S',i
Rio Grande Western prefd 8"V»
175 St. Louis & Fan Fran 10,*
t-t Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 68
125 St Louis & San Fran 2d pred 35
!£0 St I/)uls Southwestern 12
6,920 St Louis Southwestern prefd 301-i
6,010 St Paul 122»i
St Paul prefd 171H
. Bt'Paul Ss. Omaha. 110
7.SSO Southern Pacific 3ST4
1,400 Southern Railway 12%
11.610 Southern Railway prefd 58 l i
400 Texas & Pacific 16 r ;»
7,413 TTnion Pacific V)\
1,500 Union Pacific prefd 7«H
Wabash 6J*
100 Wabash prefd.. 20S
1.730 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10H
B, CIS Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28*
Wisconsin Central 18
Express Companies —
Adams 1154
American 146
225 United States 46
100 Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
600 American Cotton Oil 33U
100 American Cotton Oil prefd *4
200 American Malting 154
?00 American Malting prefd 2SH
LOOO Am Smelting & Refining 40»4
*50 Am Smelting & Refining prefd SO
American Spirits 2 ,4
American Hplrlts prefd 17
E2O American Steel Hood 4C\4
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 84^
U.2SO American Ste«l Wire EBV4
150 American Steel Wire rrefd 93H
LE2O American Tin Plate 33Vi
American Tin Plate prefd h2>-»
20,420 American Tobacco ICBS
American Tobaoco prefd 13S
200 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
1.010 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72V4
2.CT.0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44Tk
1.L60 Continental Tobacco 22y»
701 Continental Tobacco prefd 84
2.575 Federal Steel t4tf
665 Federal Steel prefd 74
1.200 General Electric 127
I£9 Glucose Sugar 53
Glucose Bugar prefd 100
600 International Paper 22Vi
100 International Paper prefd 68
lAclede Gas 75
National Biscuit BG'/4
165 National Biscuit prefd 90
£15 National Lead 2415;
100 National Lead prefd IOMI
1,30") National Steel 4gii
325 National Steel prefd .....; 96
200 New York Air Brake 124
North American J4v;
Pacific Coast tO'A
Pacific Coast let prefd ss'
Paciflc Coast 2d prefd 03
2.CC5 Pacific Mail }J
23,415 People's Gas 93
Pressed Pteel Car * £s'/4
£25 Pressed Steel Car prefd S7li
ICO Pullman Palace Car is 7
f-tandard Rope and Twine 7»1
13.130 Sugar li2(i
Sugar prefd 152
1.5T.0 Term Coal & Iron 99
25,'2-'i United States Leather ]3hl
4P.5 United States Leather prefd -751?
100 United States Rubber 331?
iss. T'nlted States Rubber prefd 35
7CO AVeatern Union K354
HO Republic I S " ' mv
115 Republic I S prefd '.'.'.'.'.' 68 {!
r c & st l ;.;;;;; ™ 0 *
426.700 Total Sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 103
I>o 2s reg 109«4
Do 3s coup Wi
I>o new 4s reg...134T4
Do new 4s coup.. 134',
Do old 4s reg 115V4
Do old 4s C0Up...11T.',4
Do 5s reg I13V»
Do £s coup 113%
Dlst of Col 3.655.:. 118 ¦
Atchlson pen 45... 10*4
Do adj 45... sr.j
Can So 2ds 103'fc
Ches & Ohio 4V45.. 9S«i
Do 6s mifc
Chi & N con 75...141U
Do S F deb E5....12!)
Chicago term 4s 92U.
D & H c; lsts 103%
DO 48 , 9Sl*
E T V & G 15t5....10U4
Erie gen 4s 7Ui
F W Sc D C lsts.. 7114
N V C lsts HO,4
N J C cen Cs 123H
N Carolina 6s 127
Do 4s 103
N Pacific lsts eSH
Do 3s lO3?i
N V C & St L 45. .108
N & W con 4s 85>4
Do gen 6? 130
Or Nay lsts.. 110
Do 4s 101VJ
Or Short Line «5. .127^4
Do con 5s 115
Readinj; gen 4s SSM
X G W lsts 9774
St L & I M con Ss.lUV*
Ft L & S F gen 65. 120
St Paul cons 167U
BtPC&P lfits...ll»<k»
Do 6s ]20.4
So Railway 6s 107%
Stand R & T 65... 78
Term new set 35... 95 '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bank of Lake to Florence Blythe-Hlnckley-
Moore, lot on S line of Geary street. 30:5 \V
of Kearny, S 60:0%, SW *S4:10?». W 40: 1 H. N
205. E 60, N 20. W W. N 50. E 133:6, S 74 ;8, W
30. S 3, E 50:6, N 77:6, E 157:5. and property
under sidewalk In said block (recorded Feb
ruary 14, 19C0). quitclaim deed. $3.
George W. and Mary Hatmon to Victor J.
Guinasso, lot on N line of Filbert street, 260:6
E of Gough. W 150 by W 75; $2250.
Elizabeth and P. J. Coffee to Frederieka
Fogler (wife of Joseph), lot on NE corner of
Ellis and. Laguna streets. N 24 by E 75; $10.
Charlotte F. Clarke to Edith A. E. Lyman.
lot on S line of Pacific street, 157 W of Scott.
W 30, by S 127:S»i: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Robert
A. McLean, lot on SW corner of Broadway
and Devlsadero street, W 125 by. S 265:2\i; .
Isaac' and Emily Eliaser to B. Harris, lot
on W, line of Ashbury street, 200 N of Fell.
N 25 by W 1C6:3; $10.
Edward and Fanny R. Bareett to same. lot
on N.line of Page street, 81:3 W of Cole. W
25 by N 100; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Caddie
E. Hamilton. - lot 23, block ?. Marlon Tract
(hospital lot): $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Comley
H. Randall, lot on W line of Howard street.
66 S of Nineteenth. S 31 by W 122:6; .
Kliza Grimm to Henry Grimm, lot on SB
corner of Pacific and Larkin streets. S 71:4 by
E 20; gift.
Sharon Estate Company (a corporation) to
Mary E. O'Keefe. lot on SW line of Fremont
street.- 104:9 SE of Folsom, SE 24:8 by SW 100.
quitclaim deed; .
Estate Mary C. Grant (by John Rafferty.
executor) to same, same; $3050.
Mary E. O'Keefe to F. Joseph Speck, same;
Martin, and Clarinda L. Cresalla to Pacific
Telephone, and Telegraph Company, lot on NW
line of Jessie street, 200 NE of Sixth. NE 25
by NW 15; $10.
Peter M. and Helen S. Mawk to Douglas W.
Montgomery, lot on SW corn»r of Ninth ave
nue and California street. W 32:6 by S 110: $10.
Frederick Williams to "William M. Lacey.
lot- on-E-line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 125 8
of Clement street, S 25, NE 83:11. NW 25. W
81:2 2-3; $10.
Wlnslow and Bertha L. Anderson to John
Greeley. lot on NE corner of Thirtieth avenue
and A street. N 100 by E 30; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to W. 1 E.
Stanford, lot on E line of Twenty-seventh ave
nue. 195 N of B street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
\ Builders' Contracts.
W. tt J.- Sloan* A Co. (owners) with Flood
berg & McCaffrey (contractors), architects
Tharp & Holmes— Rough furring, steel lathing,
plain and ornamental plastering in the oriental
room of a brick building for a seven-story
brick building on NW corner of Post and Gar
diner streets. N 137:6. W 113:6. S 60. E 19:«. S
87:6, E 99; 11030..
Sarah R. Cowglll (wife of Lewis 1., owner)
with Cotter & Jone« (contractors), architect
T. Paterson Ross— All work for a two-story
basement and attic frame building on lot on
S line of Clay street. 87:6 E of Spruce E 25.
S 100, E 25. S 27:8 K. W 60, N 127:8>4: 14155
Mrs. Caroline G. Sarber (owner) with J L.
Wilson and J. F. Long (contractors) architect
none— Carpenter and brick work, tinning gal
vanized-iron, lathing and plastering for a one
story and basement frame building on lot 15
block 3. Marlon Tract: JMSO. '
Mrs. Ann Judge (owner) with C. J. Antwller
(contractor and architect) (hospital lots)— All
work for a two-story frame building (two flats)
on lot on SE corner of Nineteenth and Ken <
tucky streets: J2732.
Fronie Schmledell and Antoinette W Howard
(by attorney) and Edward" O. Schmledell (and
as attorney) (owners), with D. Strauss & Son
(contractors), architect George H. Howard— All
work (contractor to clear ground within tour
working days) for a barn and sheds on lot
NW W3W 3 by e sW B l l lio n r t - ? SW °' Harrtet '
To-day a Holiday.
To-d*y being a legal holiday business will
to rutpended throughout the United States.
Charters.
The- Beeehcale loa«s wheat ft Portland for
Europe. 40s.
The Calthness-shlr» Is chartered for wheat
to Europe, 41s 3d.
The Lurllne and Metha Nelson loads mer
chandise for Kal.ulul.
The Jabec Howes loads coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu.
The Paul Isenberg was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 40s.
Prunes and Raisins in New York.
Mall advices from JCpw York say: "A few
rpeculatlvely Inclined dealers have been try
ing to buy all the California loose muscatel
rsJslr.B. but It Is said that they have not suc
ceeded as yet. The supply Is 6mall and hoM
*rs are not anxious to dlspoce of what few
they have. On the coast th« situation is re
ported unchanged, but prices are steady and
the prospect of continued firmness promising.
There Is no change In foreign goods and buy-
Ing is largely of a hand-to-mouth character.
"Prunes are steady and the prospect of an
early advance Is Indicated In the advices from
the coast to the effect that the proposed con
tract between growers and packers put out
by the Cured Fruit Association will b« quite
generally signed. There has been considerable
call for 100-110 prunes, but the supply of that
eiie Is not large and holders are not par
ticularly unxious to dispos* of what they
have."
A Nezv York View.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
••General condltljjjis affecting the market con
tinue favorable. Tbe railroad situation is emi
nently satisfactory- According to the Chronicle
Z l^) roads reportrd earnings of t00.7C0.000 in Jan
uary, an increase of 15 per cent over the pre
ceding January, v.hich, considering the gains ]
<.f previous year*, was remarkable. The even
distribution of these gains proves the improve
ment In business to be general and not local.
The South is now sharing In this tmprove
ment more largely, the advance in cotton be
ing a great Imc-h to that section. It is calcu
lated that If the present crop <11d not exceed
j.000.n00 baies and the average jirtee in Sou th
orn market* van only 7c, it would net the
houth $4C\«.>oo.oo<( more than last year's crop.
The ?outh 1r also profiting from the phe
nomenal development in the cotton Industry;
not only f»»ruring a larger profit for growing
cotton, trot an entirely new profit from man
ufacturing the staple, besides finding additional
fmjiloymT.t for a large population. The revo
lution now going quietly on In the South can
«mly be appreciated by those who have gone
o\f-r the ground ar.d made comparison with a
de-ade ag". I
"The call money market continues easy and
th«re is no immediate prospect of change. A
sharp «-».; :.. r .pi-'?i 11. loans during the last two
or three weeks has attracted much comment.
Jn ra<M quarters it was attributed to com
mercial demands arising from business activ
ity, but this does not satisfactorily explain
1 :¦: ¦ !- a large and sudden increase In loans,
end Is probably accounted for by deals or
negotiations that have not yet come to the
Furnace. The treasury Is now absorbing funds
iT'iia the banks: money Is going South for
the movement of cotton and appearances in
dicate a more active demand from Stock Ex
chfinge borrowers, so easier rates need not be
expected and less favorable bank statements
hereafter will not be a *urprt*e.
"The January Ftatement of foreign com
merce Is another remarkable and encouraging
feature. The exports of merchandise for the
month were $117.C20.000. which was $2,100,000 In
excess of the same time last year and J5.200.000
Jr. excess of January. JV'V There was naturally
a large Increase of imports due to the en
larged buying powers of the country: the total
Imports of merchandise were $75,826,000. This
¦was an Increase of $17.CO0.O(fl over IS5<9 and 125.
000.000 over 3SSS. The exre^s of exports over Im
ports was. however, reduced from about $31.
000,000 In the two previous Januarys to 541.753.
000 last January. The returns for the expired
portion of the flsral year continue to run on
r»<*ora- breaking lines. During the last seven
months our exports have amounted to J456,
402.000. against 5386.M3.000 the same time last
year. A very considerable portion of this In
crease, It is gratifying to note, consists of
American manufactures, which are competing
more and more successfully with other nations.
Our imports In this period were JSOO, 100,000,
against I749.&O0.O00 tbe year before."
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FHANCTSCO. Feb. 21. 1900—6 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«ate, es compared with thote of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. S«a*on. Season.
Eureka 1.70 25.84 18.77
lied Bluff 0.24 16.45 13.13
Facramento Trace 13.89 7.8J
fian Krancisco 0.01 05.10 7.77
Fresno 0.00 «.2O t.B«
Independence 0.00 2.12 1.15
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 12.E7 .' 7.15
Los Ar.ge'.es 0.00 4.67 2.96
Ban Diego 0.00 2.(4 |.7|
Yuma 0.00 0.78 1.J4
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO: minimum, £2: mean, lit.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The r«*«surs bas risen rapidly along the
coast of Oregon and Northern California. There
has been a slight fall In Southern California
and la Arizona. Tbe storm over British Co
lumbia is now well on lti way eastward, and
le centre! about Saskatchewan. Rain has fallen
generally over the northern half or the Pacific
Klope. Thunderstorms are reported at Astoria
and Seattle. At Eureka there has been a rain
fall of 1.10 Inr-hes In the past twelve hours and
Is still raining.
The fallowing maximum wind velocities are
repbrtefl: Portland, 24 miles per hoar from the
south; Baker City, 20 from the southwest, and
¦Wlnnernuerii. 2C southwest.
Forecast nuxie at San Francisco for thlrtr
hrurs ending February 22. 1*00:
Northern Califr.rnla-Fair Thursday, except
In extreme northern portion, where light rains
ere likely; southerly, changing to fresh west-
Southern California— Fair Thursday lteht
northerly winds Sn the Interior; westerly winds
on -the coast.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
ffati Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday
conditions favorable for light fog In the mornl
Jng; fresh westerly wind*.
ALEXANDER. «. McADIE
Forecast Official.
Shipping Intelligence.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85 *
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
N^w York Exchange, telegraphic — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69V4
Mexican Dollars 4S 4i;»
Wheat and Other Grains.
- WHEAT— Liverpool and Pan* were lower.
Chlcag-o was easier, owing to general rain or
enow, over the winter wheat belt. The cash
demand was a bullish feature,' and 200,000 bush
els were taken for export. The seaboard re
ported that foreign news Indicated something
up abroad.
In the local market future* wer» rather
firmer.
To-day being: a holiday there will b« no mar
ket.
Spot Wheat-Shipping;. 87%®95%0; milling:,
llfil C2'4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $106H; SOOO, $106%; 2000. >$1 C6V4; 2000.
$1 06%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
99*ic; 12.C00, $1. December— 4ooo, $106%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The situation shows no change,
the:market being dull.'
Feed, 75@77V4c for No. 1 and 65®72He for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, SOSSTVic;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No salea.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
74Hc; 2000. 74% c; 2000. 75c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue neglected and nominal.
White. $1 10@l 30; Red, 95c@$l 17H; Gray.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c per
ctl -and Eastern Yellow at . $I@l 0214; mixed.
!(7V4cSsl.
RYE— 97%c@sl 02H per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
' '¦• Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 T5,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3.40f?3 50; Oregon
ari4,Washlnßton, J2 75@3 per barrel.
¦MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sdeks are as fol
lows : usual discount to the trade: Graham
FloUr *3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 W): Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oft't Groats, $160; Hominy. $3 23#3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. J4 SO: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 CO;
Rolled Or-ts (barrels). J6<B7 25; in sacks, J5 75®
7- Pearl Uarley. $5; Split Peas, J5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 1W lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
-Ther» - wert . heavy receipts ; of . Bran from the
north, but prices were unchanged. Hay con
tlniled weak 1 and quiet.-
BRAN-f12®13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17^20 'per ton.
FEKDSTUFFB — Rolled Barley. $15017 p.r
ton!. Oilcake Meal at the mill, t26927; jobbing,
$2760928; Cocoanut Cake, $20371; Corn Meal,
$23323 60; Cracked Corn, $23 50^24; Mixed Feed.
$16 50; Cottonseed Meal,-S2S per'ton. ¦;>
HAY— Wheat. $8 sO#B SO for common to rood
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $» 60t38 50;
Oat.' $6®B; Barley. Js^7; Alfalfa. $*87 60 per
ton. - - .... . . .',...,
STRAW— 2£®4Oo per .bale. . . .
Beans and Seeds.
Thers is nothing new, to report In any. de
scription, the market being dull all around.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25@3 35; small White. $3 20
©3 35; large White, $2 9003 10; Pinks, $2 50©
2 83V Reds $3 60; Blackeye, $4 60: Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 15®3 25; Pea, $3 20®3 40; Red
Kidneys, , $3 Go(j?4.
SEEDS — Brown' Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $1 90<32 20; Canary,
WAt Per lb for California and 4c^ for Eastern:
Alfalfa, 8«10c; Rape. 2V4®3c: Hemp, 4®4V4c;
Timothy, 4@4Hc ¦ %
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60®l 90; Green, $1 75
®2_60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions /and Vegetables.
Prices for everything, stand about the same.
Supplies of Potatoes and Vegetables are free.
I'OTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@95c; River Reds,
70@75c; Burbanks, 60075 c j per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 75c®»l 10; -Sweet Potatoes. $l"70®
180 . f or M».rced; New. Potatoes, 30.
ONIONS— *I 50@2 10 per ctl. v
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, ¦ 60c@$l
per dozen; Rhubarb, 7®12%c per lb; Asparagus,
B@l7tfc; Green Peas, 2H©4e per lb for Los An
geles and 6®6c for A laineda; String Beans. 6<9T
10c: Cabbage. 40(550c: Los Angeles Tomatoes.
75c<3$l 25; . Egg Plant : from Ix>s Angeles. ¦ 10®
12V4c; Dried Okra, 12HC per lb; Garlic, 6c; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 4©Be; Dried Pep
pers, 8@10c; Carrots, 30@40c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash, $I@l 25 per box. :
Poultry and" Game.
There were large receipts of dressed Turkey*-,
some of which were carried over. Lean and
inferior stock sold as low as Be. Other Poultry
was -firm, supplies 'being light. '.
Game continued- dull, the demand for It hav
ing fallen off considerably.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys 'Sffllc for Gobblers
and 11@12?4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, B#l4c;
Geese, per pair, $1 75©2; Goslings. $1 75@2;
Ducks, $4Q>5 for old and $195 for young; Hens,
Main* rouniyr M «¦ oc««U « Co., a *«
Cent «i»*!l*hi, « «» far F*lmi Co., W —
i!-mli.g Stmion,
IViard- ' ? -.
25 Contra Cuttm. W«t«r „,„.»....»<»<>• »• J*
IW K'jult4b|a «!¦¦ ,;...„,....• » " * *1
VA) llonek«» « f.o ?„„.,„..,...'>>>""" I* J"
V) Ulant I'wUr Con m,im.h«m»»»« *;' 5J
6 Oiant I'owtUr Con „,„.„„.,»»»» »* J'*
30 Giant l'ow<l«r Con ?.......-.,•••>•¦¦• *f ~J
25 Oiant l'owi)»r Can •¦* *'
170 « lan t l'twd«r Con " *tY..
30 Giant POWdW COB, b X) „....„.»•» \* <"
10 Giant Powder Con ..,„......:•»»» »• JJ 7 '*
20 Hutchlnsfln Bl' Co ?,.... v[
25 Kilauea 8 !• Co j* *»
20 Makawell 8 Co. cash 4i w>
10 Makaweli 8 Co «* *»
60 Market-st Ry, b 6 *J <*>
SO Spring Valley Water *7 00
3 Spring Valley Water M 7J
60 Callfornla-st R R »' »
2000 N P C R R £¦ *6* **
Afternoon Seislcn.
noard—
B Contra Costa Water 75 M
100 Contra Costa Water 74 74
20 Centra Cost* Water 74 «24
110 Olnnt rowder Con »' £>
13 Hana P Co » *5
25 Kllnu«f\ B P Co IS 00
$COOO !>"¦ Angeles Ily 6s 105 00
200 Makawrll 8 Co 45 25
$4000 Mnrket-st II 11 con Ss 11*00
$:O<VO Northern J«y of On I l» 115 00
10 Oakland Ons « 50
100 Onomea B Co 25 ¦•¦»
100 Paauhau 8 P Co ; 23 50
35 3 y Gas A EliKJtriH Co &> 75
60 Spring Valley Wat«r. s 80 *< =>0
25 Spring Valley Water, s 10 97 25
25 Spring Valley Water, s 10 »7 00
20 Spring Valley Water »7 60
5 Spring Valley Water '7 25
78 Spring Valley Water KOO
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Caribou 1»
200 Caribou •? 1 •*
100 Buckhoru 4 15
150 Barker Ranch —•• 1 U
300 Anaconda s(f
200 Monterey "
50 Yukon 1 *0
Street—
200 Caribou 1 00
100 Yukon - 155
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Anaconda ..— .. BO
100 Yukon -... 1 60
Street—
300 Yukcn 1 (0
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
350 Caribou IS
150 Home O'.l ..,.: * «5
75 Home Oil -.. — » «0
MINING SHARES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session
200 Alta 01
300 Best & Belcher 32
200 Challenge IS
600 Chollar 18
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40
I 60 Gould A Curry 15
300 Mexican 19
I 200 Ophlr 64
I 300 Potcsl 25
1000 Sierra Nevada. 35
Afternoon Session.
SCO Crown Point... 07 j
300 Mexican 20 j
100 Sierra Nevada. 36
100 Union Con .... 24
Following- were the sales In the- Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 21
300 Con Cal & V.I 37H
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40
600 Mexican 20
200 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40
200 Crown Point ... 08
200 Gould & Curry 14
200 Hale & Norcros 30
200 Hal* & Norcros SI
200 Mexican 20
100 Ophir (3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. a— 4 p. m.
Bid. Aßk. I Bld.Ask
Alpha , 02 03
Alta — 01
Andes 05 06
Belcher 21 22
Best & Belcher. 33 34
Bullion — 04
Caledonia 37 38
Chollar IS 20
Challenge Con.. 17 20
Confidence 71 75
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45
Con Imperial .. — 01
Con New York. — 04
Crown Point ..07 OS
Exchequer — 01
Gould & Curry. 14 15
Hale & Norcros 30 31
lulla — 02
Justice 04 07
Kentuck — 02
Lady Wash ... 03 —
Mexican 20 21
Occidental 11 14
Ophlr 63 55
Overman V) 11
Potosi 25 27
Savage ...% 11 12
Scorpion — C 2
Seg Belcher ... — 03
Sierra Nevada. 35 36
Sliver Hill — 05
St. Louis 09 —
Standard 2 65 —
Syndicate 03 —
L'nlon Con 23 23
Utah U 1>
Yellow Jacket.. II IS
Steamer Movements.
Silver declined. Exchange stood the same.
WJieat futures rather {inner. Barley dull.
Other cereals inactive and nominal.
Large receipts of Bran from the north. Hay weak.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue weak.
Poultry steady, with light stocks. Game rules dull.
Six cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Local dealers still cutting Hams.
Hogs still scarce and firm.
No business to-day.
Gen Electric 55....116
G H & 8 A 6s 107
Do 2ds 107
H * T C 6s 110
Do con 6s 112
lowa Cent 1et5. ...113
X C P & G lsts... 724
La new con 4s 106
L 4 N unl 4s 95
M X & T 2ds 65%
Do 4s 91»fc
Texas & Pac lsta..U4
*Do 2ds 62^
V. Pacific 4s 104%
Wabaeh lsts 117 V
.Do 2ds 98\
West Shore 4s 112%
Wis Central lsts.. 90»;
Va Centuries 86%
.- Do deferred 5
Colo So 4s 84
S. Pacific 4s 13%
MINING STOCKS
15
Crown Point 05
Con Cal & Vi 1 35
Dead wood 60
Gould & Curry.... 10
Hale & Norcross... 25
Homestake 60 09
Iron Sliver 65
Mexican 15
Ontario I 00
Dphlr -.. 49
Plymouth 14
Quicksilver 1 75
do prefd 7 50
Sierra Nevada 30
Standard 2 85
L'nlon Con 30
Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money
rail loans .3^©4U
rime loans <\fi
Stocks—
Atchlson 20H
do prefd 631*
Am Sugar 112
do prefd 112
Bell Tel 533
Boston & Albany.. 24o
Boston Elevated. ..l2o
Boston Sc Maine... 199
Z B & Q 123\i
Dom Coal 42
Union Pac 60&
Union Land 2
West End 92%
Wls Cent 18
Bonds —
Atchlson 4s 98%
N E Gas & Coke.. 71ft
Mining shares —
Adventure 4^i
Allouez Mln Co 2\
Amalg Copper .... 93
Atlantic » 22»i
Boston £ M0nt.... 272
ißutte & Boston 65
do prefd * 116
Fed Steel 64%
do prefd 74%
Fltchburg prefd ..125*4
Gen Elee 126U
Calumet & Hec1a..767
Centennial 18
Franklin 15
Osceola 74
Parrot 44tf
do prefd 138.
Ed Elec 111 2o:>
Mcx Cent 12H
Mich Tel 100
N E Gas &. Coke.. 19
Did Colony ....200>4
Old Dominion 19H
iQulncy ; 140
{Santa Fe Copper.. 8
iramarnck 192
ICtah Mining 30
Wlnona 3
{Wolverines 41
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Money on call, steady
at 252V4 per cent; last loan, 2; closed offered
at 1H: prime mercantile paper, 4V4GTS per cent:
sterling exchange, weak at $4 ST'i for demand
and 14 S3v6S4 St for sixty days: posted rates.
H i'alil SSV, commercial bills, $4 83@4 83%; sil
ver certificates. C3*io6O?ic; bar sliver, S9%c;
Mexican dollars. 47& c: Government bonds,
strone; State bonds, strong; railroad bonds,
irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
•WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $234,552,323; gold reserve,
t224.563.597.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were cheerful most of the
day on persistent rumors of the relief of Lady
smith, but toward the close African mining
fhares broke on pessimistic reports that Colenso
had been reoccupied by the Boers, that Colonel
Plumer's relief column had been broken up and
that General Mac Donald was severely wounded.
There was no authority for these stories except
as to Mac Donald's wounding, but -the mar
kets were depressed by them. In the street
there was a rally on a circumstantial statement
that General Cronje was surrounded. Business
was at no time large, and the settlement was
easy, exchange money being difficult to place.
Americans were the most active market on
London buying, but they sagged on New York
sales. The contango was 4V«(g4«i. The bank
bought £SOOO gold In bars. The week's outflow
was £134,000. Call money was easy this
morning and a little was repaid to the bank,
but in the afternoon there was considerable
fresh borrowlnc Hills were scarce.
Silver was heavy on an Influx of Mexican
dollars. Paris cheque was 25.20-4; Berlin, 20.51.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 101U: Erie. 13H: Erie first
preferred, 38H: Union Pacific preferred, 79;
Northern Pacific preferred, 714: Atchlson, 21 T4;
Grand Trunk, SVi: Anaconda, 9Vi.
Bar silver steady at 27% d per ounce. Money
3U cer cent.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
$406 M; Young Roosters," ss WQM OM IV>o«ur«,
$4 W&i; Fryers. $5 50®6; Broilers. $5«5 M t»l
large and ft 60@4 60 for small: IMgeons, It i'-il
160 per doaen for old -and $2© 2 M for e.|H«l.»
OAMB— Quail. II 25<gl 50; Mallard. 131*4 W;
Canvasbacks. $204; Sprig. $1 7502; Teal. $1 txr.
Widgeon. $1 60; Small Duck, $1; Hare, «<•<»
$1 25; Rabbits. $ISI 75; Gray Geese, $2 WilV.
White. $ltfl 60; Brant. $1 Mff2: Honkers, $4;
TCngllsh Snipe. $2 6003 per dozen; Jack Snip«.
$1 25<31 60.'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
No further decline- In Eggs is noted, but the
market Is heavily supplied and dull. Cheese
remains unchanged. Butter Is a fraction off
again. . .
NUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 22j|22Vic; seconds,
20®21c.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c; good to choice, lS©l9c;
common, • lß'ffl'c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10c; old, 9V4e;
Young America, 10@llo; Eastern. ISHOl&c:
Western, 13%@1&c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12H613V4C for store and 140
15c per dozen for ranch. Eastern are nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Five care, of Riverside Navels sold at auction
as follows: Fancy. $1 35®2 60; choice. II ISO
1 90; standard, $I@l S5. A car of San Diego
Navels, In poor condition, sold as follows:
Fancy, $1 25@1 35: standard. $ltM 10.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 30@60c per box for common. 7&cOH
for good to choice, and $1 25@1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 IO4?2 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c@$l M: Pomelos. 7&c©
$2 £0; Lemons. $Kjl 50 for common and %2<31 60
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $s'ii.i 60: Cal
ifornia Limes. 25@50c; Bananas. $1 25®3 60 per
bunch; " Pineapples, $3 50© 4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED .FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, i%e for
40-50's,-,4@4>4c for EO-Ws, 34c for 60-70 # s, 3Vic
for 70-80' s. 3c for 80-90' s and 2\c for 90-100" s:
Aprico{s. 11® 13c for Royals, 12H@16c for Moor
parks and 12014 c for Blenheims; Peaches. sV£@
6c for -Standards, 6Vi@6\c for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10gl2 l 4c: Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c: Sun-dried. &@s^4c per lb:
Nectarines, S@9c; Pears. 3H@4Hc for dark and
7@Sc for bright halves; Black Figs, 2@2Hc;
White Figs, 2®3c: Bleached Plums. B@9c; Un
bleached Plums. 7C?7Hc for pitted and I^4e for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice, 9c; standard, Sc: prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, BV4c: choice, 7}£c; standard, 6"4 c;
prime, Ec; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown, loose muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown. 6',4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Chestnuts. B@9c; Walnuts. S@9c for
standards and 9®loc for softshell; Almonds,
llVii@l2c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 40
6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6%@6%c for Eastern
and 6c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7>4@Sc: Fil
berts, i2'gl2H«: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 EO
@5. •
HONEY— Comb, UV4@l2e for bright and 10M&
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7*ic; light amber extracted, 7%@"V4c; dark, 5H@
6c p*t lb. •
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Local dealers are still cutting Hams, though
the tone of the market is firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9»io per lb for
heavy, 10c "for light medium. He for light. 12c
for extra light and 13^c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13©13Vic: California
I Tarns, nominal: Mess Beef, 112 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess. $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
B%c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@Stfo per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Hc.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Of the Wool destined for Boston on the
steamer Walla Walla, which sailed on the 20th
lnst., 23.396 pounds were grease, value $7456 72.
and 60,673 pounds scoured, value $30,336 £0.
HIDES AND SKINS-Oills and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
10H@llHc: Medium. 9%010%c: light. 9^c;
Cowhides. 9%@lo>*c; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, 9H@
10V4c; Calf, 9V4@loc; Dry Hides, sound. 18c;
culls and brands, 15<£16c; Dry Kip and Veal.
17c; Dry Calf. 19@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 15
@20c each: short Wool. a.*<B6Dc each: medium
70#90c? long Wool. $161 50 each; Horse Hides,
$2 2r,fj3 for large and $1 25@2 for small; Colts,
25@50c> •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s@sHc per lb; J^o.
2. 4®4%c: refined, 6tfc; grease. 2V4@3c.
WOOL—
Fall ."clip. San Joaqtiln plains. 9®loc: South
ern. 8®10c; Middle County. ll@13c: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17020 c; Eastern Oregon. 13@
16c; Valley Oregon. 18@20c; Northern Mountain
free. 11® 14c: Northern Mountain, defective. 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS — 7011 c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— «V»@7Me per lb for fair to cbolca.
VEAL— B@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B®B%c; ewes. 7%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 12% c: yearlings. 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6T»fT6c for small and me
dium and 6Vt@s«ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5V4 l S5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@3%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $3 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%®6V4c; Wool Bags, 25%532%c;
Fleece' Twine, 7%c.
• COAL— Wellington. SS per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$7; Bryant, 17: Coos Bay. »3 50; Wallsend. %$:
Co-operative Wellsend. $S; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in 'bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany - quotes, terms net cash, .In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, fi^ic; Dry Gran
ulated, 6Hc; Confectioners' A. 5V»e; Magnolia,
A. 4&C; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C. 4>£c; barrels.
l-16c more; half -barrels. \ie more: boxes. He
more; 00- 1 b bngs. %c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domi-
Domlnos, half-barrels,. 6l4c; boxes, 6Hc per lb
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 21.
Flour, qr sks .... 26,934
Wheat, ctls 1,030
Barley, ctls 23,450
Oats, ctls SCO
Oats (rail) ctls... 860
Butter, ctls 2SO
Cheese, ctls 245
Tallow, "ctls ..... 21S
Eggs, doz 17,160
Sugar, sks . .. 400
Quicksilver, risks. 12S
Leather, rolls ... 118
Wine, gals 111.6 M
Hides. No." 325
Pelts, bdls 3,840
Alfalfa Seed rlca. S4
Pelts, bdls 19
JWool. bags 15
I Hops, bales 120
Hay, tons 516
Onions, pks SO
Bran, sks 290
Middlings, sks .. 211
Potatoes, sks .... 895
Beans, Sks 225
Oregon —
Flour, ar sks .... 8,736
Oats, ctls 2,660
Bran, sks 10,400
Middlings, sks ... 354
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 22.
Sun rises j. 5 i
Sun sets..t...- !.!!.*!!!!!!!!*.!!!!!!5:56
Moon rises (third quarter). "." .".V.V.V.V.V.oVss "si." in.
AVa» York Stock Market.
NEW TOniC. Feb. 21.— Interest In the stock
market rontlnued very restricted to-day and
operations were largely in the hands of pro
fessional traders, as on the earlier days of
the vmk. The dullness was In part due to
to-n-.orroWs holldsy, the traders hesitating to
put out new contracts on account of doubt ex
isting over the speculative outlook. Even the
closing up cf contracts incident to the eve
of a holiday waa on a small scale. Indicating
that outstanding commitments on either side
are email. The mere fact of dullness and
npathy on the buying eld* is likely to Invite
aggression by the bear party and they had
the a<ldlti-.r.al rncourazement of positive weak
ness In a handful of rtocks. of which People's
Gas. Third Avenue and Leather were most
effected, declines In those three ranging from
2% to 3!%. the latter People's Gas. There was
furthermore the hardening tendency of the
mo&»y market which was only evident In quo-
CHICAGO. Feb. i 21.— May wheat. Influenced
by easier cables, opened a shade lower at 67%@
68c. The strength of corn caused some buying,
which lifted the price to CSHc. There was a
good deal of . selling on foreign account up to
the last minute, but there was a fair com
mission house demand I around CBc, and -* the
market ranged near the"«nd between 67% c and
68V4C The break In corn during the last half
hour further depressed the market. • May
touched 67% c and closed steady at U'a'.ic under
yesterday, at 679i@C7?4c
Corn opened' firm on the wet. weather, and
higher Liverpool cables,' May ,%@%c improved
at 33?;®35%c. Heavy selling by strong local
Interests, however, caused.a ..reaction, which
was helped along by lesser people. The close
wan easy. May He und#r yesterday at 35c. •
The business In the oats pit was very small.
Elevators, were reported full, and the country
districts long on the cereal. May closed 44@Vic
lower at 23«4®23%c, -. • . -,
Provisions were weak, . depressed by ¦ the ex
ceptionally heavy hog ' receipts. The price was
gradually forced down by liquidation and the
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the morning session of th« Bond Ex
change there was, a further drop In Giant
Powder to $S8 87H. and in Spring Valley Water
to $96 75. 'The other stocks were unchanged
Spring Valley Water was active at »37 600
97 In .the: afternoon.. Otherwise there j was
nothing new.
There was- more business In oil stocks as
will be aecn by the sales. '
To-day being a legal holiday the boards will
not be in session. - -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
j ... WEDNESDAY. Feb. 21-2 p* m.
. Bid. Ask. |. . Bid.A.v
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. 114 — '
4s quar reg*... — H4V4
4s'quar new... — 136
3s quar coup.. — — .
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 —
C C Wat 55. ...106% —
Ed L & P 65..12:t —
F Cl R»- 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — . 95
II C & S 5',i5..103 110
H C & S 65....1<v.i4 —
L A Ry Bs 106
L-Al^ an 55.. — —
Do gntd .65.. — —
Do entd 65.. — 103
LA& P R 55.103 - ;
Market-st 65... — —
Do Ist m 55..117T4 — 1
N C N G R 75. 108 — ,
N R of Cal 65.113H —
N^R.of Cal 68.115-. — .
NPC R R 68.102 —
N P C R R 55.106 106%
NCR R 55... 109 . —
Oak GL&H 55. 11 l —
Oak Tran 65. ..11 l - 112/4
Oak W Co 55 ..105 — .
Oceanic S3 C 0.103% —
Om C Ry- 65... — , 128%
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65.119 Vi —
Sac L G& Rss — 100
3 F & SJV 55..116% —
3 Ry of Cal 6s 1 . — 109
8;P of A.G5...110V4 —
S P C 65(1906).109% —
S P C 65(1906).112 113
S P C 6a(iai2). — ' — ¦
SP C Ist Cgss. — —
SP Br 65.....;126 —
B.V-Wat6».;..116H
8 V Wat 45....103T4104U
8 V W 4s<3dm)lo3 - —
Stktn Gas 65..102 M —
Equit G L Co.. 4 4U
Mutual El Co. — U
OG L& H.... — 46%
Pac Gas Imp.. 61 6*
Pac Light Co. 44 444
S.F G & X.... 60%
¦? an Francisco. 4H
Stockton (Jan.. 12
Insurance—
Flrcm's Fund. 226 —
Bank Stocks— . ~i
Anglo-Cal Ltd. CS'i —
Bank of Ca1...404 410
Ca! S r> & T.. OSW 99%
First Natlonal.2so 305
Lon P& A 133 —
Merchants' Ex II
Nev Nat 8k... — —
'Savings Banks—
Ger S & L....1780 1825
Hum S & L... —
Mut Say 8k... 45 '_
S-F Say U.....805' — ¦
Say & L 50.... 74 7|
Sec Say 8k.... —
Union T Co — i .
Street Railroads —
California us
Geary-nt 50 '
Uarket-st Ry.. 61% 62U
O S L & H.... - * 60
Presidio 12^4
Powder Stocks —
California 150 170 .
Giant Con Co. 88% S9»i
Vlgorlt ........ 2 2«i
Sugar Btocus—
Hana H P Co. 8 8H
Haw. C&SCo S3 —
Honokaa S Co. 2S»i 29«4
Hutch 8 P Co. 23% 26
Kilauea S Co.. IS 18'^
Nfakawell SCo 45 45U
Onomea S Co.. 25% 26
Paauhau S Co. I3U —
Miscellaneous — • * '-'
Al Pack Assn. — 120
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
19.610 barrels; exports, 16,260 barrels; sales,
6700 packages; market quiet and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 141,600 bushels; exports,
].".3..'C,S bushels; sales, 1,630,000 bushels futures,
160,000 bushels export; spot, weak; No. 2 red,
7SHc elevator; No. 2 red. 77% c f. o. b. afloat
prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 80c f. o. - b«
afloat prompt: No. 1 hard Duluth. 81% c. 'Op
tions opened firm on good local and foreign
buying, but were depressed later by dlsap-
I'ointlnp: cable prospects of snow In the wheat
country ahead of cold weather, light export
demand and easier tendencies of corn; closed
weak, %4f Vie net decline: • No. 2 red March
closed, 7u»ic: May. 73 15-16874 7- 16 c, closed at
74c; July. 73 T 4#74 3-16 c. closed at 73T«c; Sep
tember. 735;@74c, closed at -73% C '
HIDES— Firm.
HOPS— Steady.
LEATHER— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. . -?.'
COFFEE— Futures opened barely steady at
unchanged prices to 10 points decline and
ruled fairly active; market closed steady, X>%
15 points net decline: • total sales were 37,250
bncs, Including March. IT'S? 05; May. $7 100
7 15: July. V IS®7 20; • September. *7 25®7 30;
October. $7 15@7 SO; November, $7 25: December,
$7 40; March. J7 50 (1901). Spot coffee— Rio dull;
No. 7 Invoice. SHe; No. 7 Jobbing. 9%c; mild,
quiet; 'Cordova, »4014 c. , -
SUGAR — Raw steady. to firm. Refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUIT.
Evaporated apples ruled . moderately active
and steady to-day on 1 a good demand from
exporters and prospects of light receipts to
morrow. Prices remain •: at the* old basis of
operations. California dried fruits, while not
active, were steady in tone at unchanged
prices. i- . ' * . . . • . ..-
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common. s@6c;
primp; CHQ^ic; choice. "fjpT^e; fancy, B@SV4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@"C per
pound, as to size and quality. * ¦
APRICOTS— ItoyaI, laiTUc; Moorpark, 15<i?18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed.- 18922 c; unpeeled, BM-@9c.
Nkv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK.. Feb. 21.— Except for a slight
concession In the price- of spelter and a nom
inal advance In tin the market, for metals was
without change, so far as prices were con
cerned. Business, If anything, was less active,
although dull-enough to begin with.
LAKE COPPER— CIosed. at. SIS 25.
TlN— After an inactive and almost nominal
market closed at $31 25®52, against Ul 25231 60
the previous . day. But- the quotations were
much a matter of guesswork In the absence of
satisfactory actual business.
LEAD — Closed dull and mor* or less nominal
on the bawls of U 70®4 75.
SPELTER— CIosed with a downward tendency
at U Cs@4 66. ' - ' '
The brokers' prlc* for lead waa |4 45, and for
copper Jl6 25. '
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. Jl.-CATTLB— Choice about
steady: others slow to shade ¦ lower; • choice
Texas bulls steady; • cow- market and cannars
steady to weak;- feeders dull; good to choice,
15 ie®s 80; poor to medium. |4©4 75; mixed
Btockers, S3 4003 80: selected feeders, U 25@
4 75: good to choice cows, 13 40®4 35; heifers,
IS 401i4 60: ' canners. $2 2Osj2 90; calves, )4 50#
8: fed Texas beeves, J4®s. i
HOGS— Market 2%c to 6c lower; ¦ tops, J5;
mixed and butchers, t4 70(55 : good heavy,
$4 8o@5: rough heavy, U 70<fr4 80; light, U 65@
4 KTVi": bulk of, sales. $4 80^4 95.
SHEEP— Sheep and" lambs steady; native
wethers. J4 So®s 76; . lambs, tu®7; Western
lambs. $r>l7".
Receipts— Cattle, 18,000; hogs, 43,000; sheep,
14,000.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Teb. tL
Stmr llatteawan, Ctobscud. 4 dart from T*
coma.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. M hoor» from Coos Bar.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. 21H hoars from Eu-
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. M hcmn from Victo
ria fnd Pueet Sound ports.
Stmr Cl«one. Madsen, 13 hour* from Caspar.
Br ship Gen Roberts, Fearon. M days from
Newcastle, N. S. W.
Ship A. G. Ropes. Rlrers. 207 day« from New
York, via Port Stanley 104 days.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Rasmussen, 7 days
from CoQUtlle River.
Schr Vlkln?. Peterson. ZO days from Han*.
Schr Albion. Ericsson, 13 bours from Fort
Bragff. , •
CLEARED.
Wednesday, Feb. 21.
Haw stmr Klnaa, Freman, Makawell; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Nor stmr Tellua, Federsen. Chematnus; R,
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. - _
Stmr Corona, Debney. Ban Diego: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alameda. Yon Oterendorp. Sydney and
Honolulu: J. D. Spreckels St Bros. Co.
Ship E. B. Sutton. Carver. Honolulu; Welch,
& Co.
Br ship Crown of Denmark, MUman. Queens
town; Epplnger & Co.
SAILETV
Wednesday. »>b. XL
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp. Honolulu
and Sydney.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. Greenwood.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr N«wsboy, Walvlg. Usal.
Stmr "Westport, Ericsson. .
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlggtns. Seattle.
Ger bark Btrma. Yon Wrede. Queenstown.
Bark Harvester. Krebs, Astoria.
Ektn J. M. Griffiths. Arey. Port Radlock.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, Seattle.
Pchr Fanny Uutard. Rudbach. Port Blakeley.
Echr Occidental, Roslch, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 21—10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind, southwest; velocity. 12 mlleaw
SPOKEN
Feb 10—Lat 54.19 N. long 4115 W, Br salp
British Isles, hence Oct 29. for Manchesur.
¦Dec 15-Lat 55 S, long <2 W. Br bark Sofala.
from Oregon, for Qu«»nstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 21— Bark Tbeobald.
hence Feb 10.
GREENWOOD-Salled Feb JO-fltmr Alcazar,
for .
NEW WHATCOil— Arrived Feb Sir-Baric Co
loma, from Manila.
GRAY 3 HARBOR— Sailed Tsb JO— Stcar SunoL
for Ban Francisco. Arrived Feb 20— 8 car Vo
lant, from San Pedro; bktn Benlcla. from Santa
Rosalia.
SALMON BAT-Salled Fsb tt-Scar Eta*l
Z&ne. for San Pedro.
EUREKA.— SaiIed F«b tl— Tog Rasgar, for
~¥bjiT TOWNSEND— Arrived Ftb tV-Bkta
Newsboy, from San Pedro. * •"->
BANDON. OR.— Arrived Ftb n— echr Co
qullle, hence Feb 11.
BATTL.E-7-Arrtved F«b Or- Ship Spartan.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Feb 21— Strar Point
Arena for San Francisco. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb H— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived F«b 21— Bark
Agate, from MolokaL Sailed Feb a— Schr Mu
rl EUREKA-Salled ' Feb 21— Stmr Greenwood,
for San Francisco; stmr Laguna, for San Fran-
Cl BALLARt>-Salled Feb 17— Schr Ethel Zaaa.
°ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 21— Jap stmr Doyo
Manj. from Yokohama.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 21-Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb M. « p. m.—Ha
waiian stmr San Mateo. from Xsnalmo, for
Port Los Aniflffl. .
;:..•;. FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE— SaiIed Feb 21— Bark Oregon,
for Newcastle, Australia, to load for Honolulu
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Feb 20— Br stmr
Moana, hence Jan 2S.
PBAWLE POlNT— Passed Feb a— Br shin
SprlnKburn. hence Sept 23. for London.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 21— Br ship Xnver
amsay. hence Sept 23.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 21— Br bark Inver
coe.- hence Sept IS. i :¦ ' .;
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to F«b XL— Br
stmr Cueen Adelaide, from Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GEXOA-Arrlved Feb 21-Stmr Werra, from
New York, via Naples. T* " wu *
ANTWERP-Arrived Feb 1»-Stmr Western
land, from -New York. v
frS'SK?^? 1 *" 1 Feb M - Stnir B *™^
PLYMOUTH-Salled Feb 21— Stmr p,.,^.
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled Feb 11-«?fm» a..t
from Bremen, for New Tork. . Saale *
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE!
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
close was weak. The market was not a big
one. May pork closed 15@17V4c under y*st»r
day; May lard 15c down and May ribs 104f12V4c
down. . v •
There win be no session of the board to-mor
rO f W J" Washlnetont " birthday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
AUCTION SALES
NOTICE!
GOVERNMENT SALE
POSTPONED
LTCTIL FURTHER NOTICE*
WATCH TIIJB AtWEJOTJJgT FOR DAT
BaJ* consisting of WOO Tents; COO Curtains an)
mSr «O» t>uck and Drt!l Ma.ttre«s Coven; MO
hoping Dags: CW Pillows; 4300 Shelter Ten-,;
IM German Bllv*t Hand Instruments. Bais a- *
Knar* r>rums; 100 Filters; VS> Galrasijed WW- r
Duckets: EOO As»ort**l Bhoveis. etc.
Contractors Klondlkem. resort k«#p«r». carri-
ers hotels, steamboats, sailmaiers. tent a-.i
twotu mak»r». attention called to this sa^.
NEW YOKK A»:CTIOX CO.. Auctioneer*
r ±i±K &AJn ; FKAJs CISCO . CAJLJLi, TH LJItSDA*, FiuiUtUAlty t UHHK
WeekiTTCaiiT^l per Year
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 63®«8c: No. 2 red,
¦o@7lc; No. 2 corn, 34c;. N0. 2 oats. 23®23%c; No.
2 white. 2GH@26c: No. 3 white. 25«4®26c; No. 2
rye.'MHc; No. 2 barley, -37045c: No. 1 flax seed.
$1 60:- prime timothy seed. $2 40@2 45: mess pork,
per.bbl. $9 90® 10 85; lard, per 100 lbs. 15 77V4®
6 52%: short- rib sides (loose). $5 80@« 10; dry
saltpd shoulders (boxed); 6USG',4c; short clear
sides • (boxed), |6@6 10: whisky, distillers' fln
lshrld^goods. per gal. $123V4: sugars, cut loaf.
G.OSc: granulated. 6.43 c ?
Articles — ... ..Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 98,000 39,000
Wheat, bushels 64.000 14.000
Corn, bushels...- .' . .707 000 170,000
Oats, bushels 414.000 105.000
Rye, bushels 5.000 7.000
Barley, bushels 93.000 25.000
th« early morning tides are given in the le_ t
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th<»
second tlnj» column given the second t!d» at
th» day th« third time column the third tid*
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when th*r» are bu:
three tides, as wim*tlmn occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Burvey charts, except
when a minus sign I— t precedes the height,
and then th» number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Th» plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
On the Produce, Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 19g24c; dairy. 19®
22c. Cheese, firm, 12@13c. Eggs, weak; fresh,
I3frl2»ic. •_- ¦
«— * ¦ X
Foreign Futures.
* *
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
February 21. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 9.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In charge.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening S 9V t 5 9\4 6 9^4
Closing 5 9% 6 9H 6 9H
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May- Aug.
Opening 20 25 2120
Closing 20 06 2100
Flour — . •
Opening 26 S3 27 60
Closing 26 10 27 25
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Feb. 21.— Clearings, $2*8.207;
balances, $3S,B<«.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 21.— WHEAT— Steady but
Inactive: Walla Walla, 84c; valley. 63c: blue
stem, 66c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 2L— WHEAT-Clab, 630; blue
stem. 55c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 21.— Consols, 101K: silver.
27Hd; French rentes, 10U 20c; wheat cargoes off
coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage, noth
ing doing; cargoes No. 1 standard California,
29s 9d: English country markets, slow.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 21.— Wheat, dull; wheat
In Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 31-.12 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed new quiet, 3s
BHd; do old. quiet, 3s Pd. Futures, quiet;
March. 3a B%d: May. 3s 7%d.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, stocks
exhausted. Futures, quiet; March, Ss 9?id;
May, 6s 9«fcd.
*" -T- *
United States Coast and Geodetio Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Francisco Bar. Published by official atl™
thority of t«e Superintendent
NOTE-The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In - the - above exposition of the tides
8
Articles- open.
Wheat N0.,1—
February . -66V4
f Ia r 68
My- C 854
Corn Xo. t-
February .........
**V '. 35%
fuly 257?
Oats No. 2— ¦
Kay ...,. 23bi
Mess Pork, per bbl—
fVT 10 95
fuly w 95
Lard, per 100 lbs—
>Ia V- 6 02%
uly. 6 12%
8h O rt Ribs, per 100 lbs—
!*»? 6W
Ulyj-.. : 600 .
. High. Low. Close
««>4 ««14 «**!
CSVi «7% «JJI
68% «3H «SV
85% 14T4 35
35T4 »5Vi 35V
23% 23* 23*
10 97% 10 85 10 85
10 97V4 10 87% 10 87V
605 6 92% S 92V
6 12% «00 «00
6 02% 5 92% 895
6 02% 5 92% 695
O /Time, Time Time * ITlme
S 77— Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L W . . H W L W
M ... - 3:55 6.? 11:28 O.J 6:51 ~T« 10:53 Ti
» ... 4:65 8. 2 12:32 0.8 8:00 «.9
L XV H W I> W HW
*« o>lB 3.2 - S:M (.3 1:31 0.1 B:6* 4.2
23... 1:28 3.1 . 7:IS 6.4 2:24-0.1 9:35 4.«
li ... 2:28 2.8.8:25 5.6 3.13 -4.2 10:13 4.9
27 ... .3:23 ,2.4 9:29 6.T 3:£«-«.l 10:50 S.I
28_... 4:12 .11.8 10:25 6.8 4:39 — o.l| 11:S5 -5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due
Uonlta Newport Feb. S3
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 23
Aloha Crescent City.. Feb. 21
Navarre Humboldt Feb. 22
North Fork Humboldt Feb. Zi
Sunol Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 23
Homer Portland Feb. 23
Columbia Portland Feb. j»
Pomona San Diego -.. Feb. 24
America Mara.. China xnd Japan Fab. 24
Ruth Coos Bay „ Feb. 24
A Blanchard .. Coos Bay ~ Feb. 2*
Benmohr Oyster Harbor _„ Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City -_ Feb. 25
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Feb. 25
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 28
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 2a
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Feb. 2S
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 24
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
Leander IKotchlnotxn ....Feb. 77
Arcata 'Coos Bay .... Feb. 27
TWamook THlamook Bay Feb. 27
Bmplre, Coos Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Corona Ban Diego Feb. 2%
Curacao ........ Mexico Feb. 23
State cf Cal Portland Mar. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Satla. I Pier.
in.
Salla.
Pier.
I t a
Arcata Coos Bar---— Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 13
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 22. 10 am [Pier 13
State of Call Portland Feb. 23. 10 ami Pier *t
Corona ISan Dleeo Feb. 23. 11 am!Pter it
San Pedro.. (Humboldt Feb. 22, 4 pmlPler 13
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 23, 2pm Pier 9
Aloha 'Crescent City. Feb. 23, 4pta;Pler >
Bonlta San Pedro j Feb. 24. lamlPltrll
Pt. Arena.. lPolnt Arena.. [Feb. 24, I pmlPier 3
A. Blanch'diCoos Bay |Feb. 24, 8 pin! Pier 13
City PueblaiVlc * Pet Sd.lFeb. 23, 10 ami Pier »
Homer '.Oregon Ports. 'Feb. 23, 1? ara'Pier Ti
Pomona ... San Dietto [Feb. 26. 11 amiPler 11
North Fork) Humboldt [Feb. 26, Jam'Pler 1
Xewburs ..[Grays Harbor 1 Feb. 28. 5 pm!
Coptic |Chlna*Japan Feb. 27. Ipm PMSS
Columbia ..Portland [Feb. 27. 13 am! Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 23. JamlPltrll
Peru iPanama (Feb. 2S. 12 ra PMSS
Articles- open.
Wheat N0.,1—
February . -66V4
f Ia r 68
My- C 854
Corn Xo. t-
February .........
**V '. 35%
fuly 257?
Oats No. 2— ¦
Kay ...,. 23bi
Mess Pork, per bbl—
fVT 10 95
fuly w 95
Lard, per 100 lbs—
>Ia V- 6 02%
uly. 6 12%
8h O rt Ribs, per 100 lbs—
!*»? 6W
Ulyj-.. : 600 .
. High. Low. Close
««>4 ««14 «**!
CSVi «7% «JJI
68% «3H «SV
85% 14T4 35
35T4 »5Vi 35V
23% 23* 23*
10 97% 10 85 10 85
10 97V4 10 87% 10 87V
605 6 92% S 92V
6 12% «00 «00
6 02% 5 92% 895
6 02% 5 92% 695
Steamer.
From.
Due
Uonlta Newport Feb. S3
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 23
Aloha Crescent City.. Feb. 21
Navarre Humboldt Feb. 22
North Fork Humboldt Feb. Zi
Sunol Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 23
Homer Portland Feb. 23
Columbia Portland Feb. j»
Pomona San Diego -.. Feb. 24
America Mara.. China xnd Japan Fab. 24
Ruth Coos Bay „ Feb. 24
A Blanchard .. Coos Bay ~ Feb. 2*
Benmohr Oyster Harbor _„ Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City -_ Feb. 25
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Feb. 25
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 28
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 2a
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Feb. 2S
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 24
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
Leander IKotchlnotxn ....Feb. 77
Arcata 'Coos Bay .... Feb. 27
TWamook THlamook Bay Feb. 27
Bmplre, Coos Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Corona Ban Diego Feb. 2%
Curacao ........ Mexico Feb. 23
State cf Cal Portland Mar. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Satla. I Pier.
in.
Salla.
Pier.
I t a
Arcata Coos Bar---— Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 13
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 22. 10 am [Pier 13
State of Call Portland Feb. 23. 10 ami Pier *t
Corona ISan Dleeo Feb. 23. 11 am!Pter it
San Pedro.. (Humboldt Feb. 22, 4 pmlPler 13
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 23, 2pm Pier 9
Aloha 'Crescent City. Feb. 23, 4pta;Pler >
Bonlta San Pedro j Feb. 24. lamlPltrll
Pt. Arena.. lPolnt Arena.. [Feb. 24, I pmlPier 3
A. Blanch'diCoos Bay |Feb. 24, 8 pin! Pier 13
City PueblaiVlc * Pet Sd.lFeb. 23, 10 ami Pier »
Homer '.Oregon Ports. 'Feb. 23, 1? ara'Pier Ti
Pomona ... San Dietto [Feb. 26. 11 amiPler 11
North Fork) Humboldt [Feb. 26, Jam'Pler 1
Xewburs ..[Grays Harbor 1 Feb. 28. 5 pm!
Coptic |Chlna*Japan Feb. 27. Ipm PMSS
Columbia ..Portland [Feb. 27. 13 am! Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 23. JamlPltrll
Peru iPanama (Feb. 2S. 12 ra PMSS
O /Time, Time Time * ITlme
S 77— Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L W . . H W L W
M ... - 3:55 6.? 11:28 O.J 6:51 ~T« 10:53 Ti
» ... 4:65 8. 2 12:32 0.8 8:00 «.9
L XV H W I> W HW
*« o>lB 3.2 - S:M (.3 1:31 0.1 B:6* 4.2
23... 1:28 3.1 . 7:IS 6.4 2:24-0.1 9:35 4.«
li ... 2:28 2.8.8:25 5.6 3.13 -4.2 10:13 4.9
27 ... .3:23 ,2.4 9:29 6.T 3:£«-«.l 10:50 S.I
28_... 4:12 .11.8 10:25 6.8 4:39 — o.l| 11:S5 -5.4RIGHT OF WAY DEMANDED
Gripmen and Motormen Asked to
Make "Way for the City Am
bulances.
Owlnpr to the fact that grlpmen and
motormen on the Market-street and Sut
ter-street railways decline to give the
Receiving Hospital ambulances the right
of way on emergency calls, which has
led to several narrow escapes from col
lisions. Dr. Edwin Bunnell, the chief sur
geon, sent the following letter yesterday
to the superintendents of the roads:
I would call rour attention to th* way In
which your emplos'es, gripm«?n or raoiormen,
full to pay any attention whatever to the. am
bulance* of the emergency hospitals, never
giving them the right of way, thereby causing
a great dpul'of loss of time, and also endan
gering the lives not only ot the patients hauled,
but also of the drivers of the ambulances, as
these driver* have Instructions to make the
beet i>osßifcle time on their runs, and every
one, with the exception of the men on your
line?, tlvei them the right of way. It seems
to me, tn a matter of this kind, instruction*
should be sent to your men that they should
give way to these ambulances even more than
to the apparatus of the fire department, as our
department saves lives and theirs only prop
erty. - I hope that you will give this matter
your Immediate attention.
DOCTORS AT BANQUET.
Members of the College of Physicians
Spend a Merry Evening.
The fourth annual banquet given by the
College of Physicians and Surgeons was
held last night at the Hotel St. Nicholas.
In addition to the members of the medical
fraternity a large number of guests were
present. The following toasts were re
sponded to: "Greetings," by J. D. Hili,
toastmaster; "A Few Remarks from Our
President," J. R. Lalne. M. D.; "Our Col
loge." Winslow Anderson, A. M., M. D.;
"Medicine as It Should Be," D. A. Hodg
head. M. D.; "Dentistry," Charles Box
ton. D. D. S-: "Our Alumni." William
Jackson. Ph., M. D. ¦
W. H. Burnham acted as master of cere
monies.
The following' committee had charge of
the affair: Russ R. Bullock, R. W.
O'Neill, H. C. Plymire, E. K. Ward, W.
E. Fraser, T. S. Stealey, N. A. Harris, J.
P. Michleli and L. P. Dorais. . •¦
NEW MAJOR IS ELECTED.
C. T. Coulter Will Command a Bat-
talion of the Fifth.
The officers of the Fifth Regiment, N.
G. C, held a meeting in the brigade
headquarters in the California Hotel last
evening for the purpose of electing a
major to succeed to the position left va
cant by the resignation of William El
liott, who has accepted a commission as
a captain in one of Uncle Sam's volun
teer regiments on duty In the Philippines.
Besides the election of this officer the
meeting was devoted to discussing the
different matters of Interest to the or
ganization.
Major J. A. Margo presided at the elec
tion and the first ballot resulted in the
unanimous choice of Captain C. T. Poul
ter. Company A. Oakland, to the com
mand of the battalion.
The meeting iproper was presided over
by Colonel A. K. Whltton, the command
ing officer of the regiment, who occupied
the chair and listened while his subordi
nates stated their opinion? and grievances
and made the life of Adjutant D. A. Smith
miserable with the complexity" of the
troubles they placed before him for ad
justments / .•. • '• '- , ¦ -T
Among- those who were present-arid ad
dressed the meeting were ¦ Colonel Berry
of the Seventh, who Is In the city; on a
short visit from his home In the south,
and Assistant Adjutant General N. S.
Bangham.
his feet. On one occasion, a number
of years ago, the magical boots were
inadvertently left behind in Denver.
They were not missed until the com
pany arrived at Salt Lake, when Mr.
Thompson immediately dispatched a
messenger for them and declined to
begin his engagement until Joshua
Whiteomb could make his appearance
on the stage fully clad in hi? custom
ary apparel, including the prized
boots.
Denman Thompson ¦will open at the
Columbia in the "Old Homestead"
next Monday, after an absence from
the coast of some years. He has
juFt completed a successful * tigage
ment In Los Angeles, and 'is resting
and enjoying himself this week in San
Francisco.
LOS ANGELES WOMEN
PRAY FOR RAIN
In Many : Northern Counties
There Has Been a Light bat
Welcome Precipitation.
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
: LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— Scores of Los
Angeles women, earnest and devout, to
day gathered in their places of worsrip
and Implored the Lord of Hosts that ho,
in his infinite mercy, might' cause the
rains to descend upon the earth that has
so long been ' parched. In the Boyle
Heights Presbyterian, the East Los An
gelea Orchard-avenue Baptist. Vincent
Methodist Episcopal and Emmami-El
churches services of supplication were
held. The pastors who two weeks ago an
nounced their Intention of participating
in this effort for relief failed to add their
words, but were content with lending
their presence while the women raised
their voices, to heaven in ¦uppVratton Si
pronounced Is this wish for rain that ot
the regular prajer K.i:t_-t.i. fe s ..cu..,. „./
night next it will form the leading theme.
MONTEREY. Feb. 21.-The rainstorm
that began in this section on Sunday night
last still continues, with no indications ot
clearing as yet. Throughout the storm
the rain has come down gently, with that
gradual soaking effect that is so bene
ficial to. crops, and news comes from the
outlying farm sections that vegetables
and grain have received incalculable ben
efit from the- gentle and copious showers
of , the past few days. The cattle in this
section have not suffered from the lon«$
drought that has just ended, because the
grass is still in excellent condition, but
grain and vegetables were greatly in need
of rain. The precipitation of the storm
has been slightly less than^two inches.
SALINAS Feb. 21.— The rain in this
section of Monterey County still con
tinues, and It was indeed essential to the
crops. Reports from all sections south
show plight but penetrating rains. The
Spreckels Sugar Company, which had
many teams plowing many acres at Kings
City for beet culture last week, ordoied
all work stopped. If the rain continues
the work will soon be resumed. The pre
cipitation up to the present time is .61 of
an inch for the storm. .73 of an inch for
the month and 9.3 for the season, against
8.23 last year.
TALENTED SINGER AND
MIMIC TO APPEAR HERE
Vaudeville s Sta^ Who! Made a Hit in New
York, Coming.
Embezzlement Charged.
Celeste Mini, clerk in ManueJ Franches
chtni's fruit store. Polk and' McAllister
streets, was arrested yesterday by Detec
tlve« Wren" and Dinan on a charge of em
bezzling sums aggregating . 5140 from his
employer. John J. Enos, a barber was
arrested by • Detectives Ryan and ODea
on a charke of embezzling $8 from his
employer, Frank Martin, 21 Spear street,
last December.
Mrs. Sloan Entertains.
BERKELEY.. Feb. 21.— A pretty lunch
eon was that given to a party of friends
by Mrs. Burt W. Sloan at her h0me,. 2309
Ellsworth street. The guests were Mrs.
John H. Cross and Mrs. Louise M. Muller
of San Francisco, Mrs. Carl Muller and
Miss Louise Muller of Healdsb'irp and
Mrs. Melvin T. House of Piedmont. The
rooms were decorated with vines and
Chinese lilies and the table was trimmed
with trailing vines, lilies and violets.
After the luncheon several hours were
spent on the university grounds taking
enap shots with kodaks.
Foresters at the Bazar.
The Foresters' Bazar in the Foresters'
building, which is being conducted under
the auspices of the courts and circles of
the Ancient Order* of Foresters, is at
tracting many members of the order and
their friends, who are nightly entertained
¦with a musical and literary programme
and dancing. The bazar is under the
direction of a different circle of the Com
panions each night. The booths are, hand
somely decorated and are tendea oy a
number of young and pretty companions.
BEATEN TO DEATH
WITH HIS OWN GUN
Two Men at San Gabriel Fight With
Revolver and Pitchfork as
Weapons.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 21.-At San Ga
briel last nieht a man named Wright
killed a Mexican named Francesco Pino.
The men had quarreled several days ago
and Peno had threatened to kill "Wrlght.
Last night he got drunk and attacked
Wright. He drew a nlatol, which Wright
wrested from him.
The Mexican ran away but soon re
turned with a pitchfork. Wright closed
with him and beat him over the head with
his own pistol. His skull was crushed
and he died this morning. Wright gave
himself up to a local constable and is be
ing brought to the county jail here.
STEAM LAUNCH BURNED.
Yolo Belle Totally - Destroyed at
Knights Landing.
Special DUpatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 2L— The steam
launch Yolo Belle was burned to the
water's edee and the hull sunk in the
river ten miles above. Knights Landing
on Tuesday afternoon. The cargo con
sisted principally of hardware consigned
by M. Dlggs. & Co. of Woodland to up
river farmers.
The launch is considered a total loss. A
part of the cargo may be saved, but in a
badly damaged condition. There was no
insurance, either on the boat or cargo.
The fire was due to the explosion of the
tank of a gasoline stove. The flames
spread so quickly and burned so fiercely
that the crew was driven ashore before
any- efforts could be made -to saye 1 the
launch or cargo. The Yolo Belle was the
property of Captain William Hicks.
- - . . . . •
Miner Killed.
BANNING. Feb. 21.— Riley Myers, a res
ident of this city.' was killed In* a. cave-In
at the Oak mine at Virginia Dale, ninety
miles east of here, last Monday morning.
He was timbering the mine and was alone
when the Bllde came.
; , — , , ? .
Henry Duff Traill Dead.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Henry Duff Traill,
editor of Literature, and a well-known
newspaper man and author, died to-day
In this city of heart disease. He was born
in io*a
& In Next 3£
ajfrnul < srinrlrV\/ < N sh««^
3g cS tJUIIUUV >J 3£ %
as -¥ V^ 11 3 $
.35 afe V^Ull* February 25. SS . j*j
it 2° California's Senators. ±
ai If How They Were i§ g
¦S E Elected. E |j
•jjji 31 Are the Sacred Grounds °p §1
¥ Hji of Berkeley to Be gg $
ip • °fe Desecrated? 2i
SB |j- Where the Presidential $ ±
Z% |i Candidates Will Be g S
jp 3o Nominated. gj S
3g «| The Bernardines «g 32
§5 35' in c '¦) «F $
2* iE Heart of the Pyrenees. SS g
S «l' Character Sketches of I §
$ .Sg the "Mud Hens."/ S |
$ j§> The Suicides in Golden -p SE
p* p Gate Park. -„ Sg
SIHHKzi' " §itt«HK
p\ The Home Life of Mrs. $
1$ Ho Vow. v S
OPPOSES SIDE ENTRANCES.
Ordinance Submitted to the City
Council of San Diego.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 21.— 1n a message to
the Council this week Mayor Capps has
opened a campaign against the side en
trances, and family entrances to saloons
and liquor houses. Without making any
comment more than to recommend its
passage he lays before the Council an or
dinance making It unlawful for any per
son to conduct a saloon with more than
one entrance or exit "or to have or main
tain any private or separate entrance for
any particular class of customers, or to
place. or maintain any words or signs sig
nifying that such entrance Is for ladles
or families or for any particular class of
It is "further provided that "It shall be
unlawful to sell liquor to be delivered; or
used in any side room, 'back room, upper
room or other apartment in the same
building or any adjoining building con
nected with such barroom or saloon, ex
cepting only open alcoves or booths, open
at the top and without doors and, not over
six feei in height."
The ordinance was referred to the
Health and Morals Committee for a re
port.
LOWNDES-BAKEE WEDDING.
Naval Lieutenant United to the
Daughter : of a Senator.
LBAVENWORTH, Kans., Feb. 21."^
Mlbs Mary Leonard Baker , only daughter
of United States Senator Luclen Baker, ;
was married to Dr. Charles Henry Tight
man Lowndes, . surgeon in the United
States navy, to-night at the home of the
briae's parents in this city. Henry Tull of
New York was best man. Only a few In
timate friends of Senator Baker's family
and of. the groom were present. The cere
mony was performed by a Catholic cler
gyman under a special dispensation of
Cardinal Gibbons, the bride being a Pro
testant. • ¦.¦¦'•
Dr. Lowndes. who -Is a nephew of ex-
Governor Lowndes of Maryland, holds the
rank of lieutenant in the navy. Dr. and
Mrs. Lowndes left to-night for Old Point
Comfort and Washington. They, will soon
be -at .home in Annapolis,, where Dr.
Lowndes expects to be stationed on shore
duty. -' ' _ " "
Keithly Will Contest.
Special Dispatch to The .Call
• WOODLAND. Feb: 21.— The contestant
began the introduction of, testimony in
the Kelthly will contest to-day and
caused some surprise by calling as the
first witness" the -widow of the deceased,
against whom the contest is waged. Noth
ing sensational has yet been developed.
Cars Derailed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
DAVISVILLE, Feb. 21.-Thle morning
¦while freight train No.- 202' was switching
in the yard" east of town a drawhead of
one'of the cars dropped down and caused
the derailing of three empty box cars and
they were thrown in a deep ditch, making
a total wreck of them. No one. was ln
4.ir04.
Salinger Goes to Prison.
Ben Salinger, who was recently con
victed of burglary In the second degree,
was eentenced to four years' imprison
ment in San Quentin by Judge Cook yes
terday. Salinger entered the room of F.
L. Horning at 800 Kearny street on Jan
uary 12 last.
nr mm # mmnrmw
% "Reserve 3
p Foree 1 '
that* s the word for 33
E GRAPE-NDTS %
§; FOOD %
"I want to tell you about Grape-Nuts
and my experience with them.
"I had for a year or two felt a gen-
eral debility creeping on me, and also
suffered from flatulency, piles, etc.,
which I began to think was due to al-
vancing age, now being 65 years old,
when, in the providence of God, as I be-
lieve, the Grape-Nuts Food. was brought
to my notice and tried as an experiment.
' "I used it with milk, as mush. In' a
week I found a decided improvement in
myself, and have kept improving ever
since, now about three months, and am
beintf congratulated on the bright
change in my appearance by all acquain-
tances. Not only so, but I feel I have
the reserve force, so that I do not feel
wearied at jiight, although I have
worked continuously this last three
¦months from 7:30 a. m. until 9 p. m.
Need I say that I recommend your
Grape-Nuts to my friends and acquain-
tances, and that all of my family use the
food, and that we use it at every meal,
¦whatever else is omitted? I write this
being desirous of giving vent to the
"grateful feeling I entertain for the bene-
fits received from the use of your in-
comparable food. Although a total
stranger to you, I beg to subscribe my-
«elf sincerely your friend and well-
wisher, John C" Fletcher, New Rochelle,
n. y." .
The particular clement which pro-
duces the feding of strength is the ddi-
- cate particles of phosphate of potash,
net the phosphate of the drugstore, but
that which is prepared by Nature and
furnished in the grains. This delicate
element, not. observed by the taste, . is
us^ed by Nature in connection with the
albumen of food, to repair and rebuild
the* gray matter in the nerve centers
throughout the body and in the brain
and solar plexus, so that one thus nour-
ished and rebuilt is very sure to feel the
effects of this rebuilding within a week
or ten days, and this feeling: <rrows and
becomes fixed as one becomes a'steady,
< very-day user of Grape- Nuts. The food
tl made by the famous pure food manu-
facturers at Battle Creek, Mich., the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd..
GBAPE-NTJTS.
Rev. James Smart Dead.
LAFAYETTE* Ind.. Feb. XL— Rev.
James SmaTt. president of Perdue Univer
sity, dfed to-day.
PLAYED "THE MIKADO."
Interesting Entertainment Given by
St. Dominic's Junior Choir.
"The Mrkado, or the Town of Tlttpu,"
with Its three little maids from school,
was prettily performed by the amateur
talent of St. Dominic's Church at Frank
lyn Hall, Filimore street, near Bush, last
evening. The entertainment was given
under the auspices of St. Dominic's Junior
Choir and Choral Union and was for the
benefit of both organizations. Before the
curtain raised on the first scene laid as
the courtyard of Ko-Ko's official resi
dence the hall was crowded to the doors
by the friends of the young amateurs.
Those who took part in the cast were
Katherlne Barry, Dolly Roche, Maggie
Olsen, Kathleen Roche, Edna Walsh,
Addle Daniels. Daisy Daniels and Birdie
McKeon. Those in the chorus were Mamje
Barry, Frances Crowe, Nellie Crowe,
Christine Classen, Ida Herlihy. Albertina
Meyerhoffer. Fanny Brady, May Meagles,
Charlotte McKeon, Ella Olsen, Hattle
O'Neill and Nellie Convery.
During the evening refreshments were
served and the entertainment concluded
with a merry dance, which occupied the
guests until shortly before midnight.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
The Bostonians will eing "The Ber*
rlade" to-night and again on Friday;
••Robin Hood" at the matinee on Satur
day and for the farewell of the season on
Saturday night. Denman Thompson and
his revival of "The Old Homestead" is
to hold th*> Ftag? of the Columbia Theater
for the two- WBrfir .beginning with next
Monday night. The celebrated actor
leuthor has not appeared here In more
than a dozen years. .Thompson will be
FUTP<Trt«*i by the came company that has
su<=t appeared with him at- the Academy
af Music, New York.
.."Who Is Who?" the farce-com
edy. Is the attraction at the California
Theater this week. The fun presented Is
of the happy-go-lucky order. There will
I><? a special matinee to-day and on Sun
day afternoon Maggie Moore will present
her Australian company for the first time
in this city. "The Silence of Dean Mait
land." with H. R. Roberts in the leading
rol*. will be played for four performances,
after which "Mrs. Quinn's Twins." with
Maggie Moore as the Widow Quinn, will
be Presented for the rest of the. week.
"The Prodlg-al Father." which Is amus
ing people at the Alcazar, is as laughable
as anything of it* kind. Ernest Hastings
m blackface is particularly comic. Next
Monday night "The New South."
"Tn* Idol's Eye" seems to be doing as
bit a- business as ever at the Tivoll, ana
Is to be produced as long as its success
continues. There will be a special matinee
this afternoon.
The Grand Opera House fs presenting
a third edition of "Aladdin Jr.." with a
generous list of new specialties. It v. ill
enter its fourth week next Monday.. A
performance will be given this afternoon.
The Orpheum'bill for this we>'c is ful
filling all the promises made for it. Kath
ryn Osterman has "made quite a hit, and
ail the other numbers on the bill are good.
Coming next we«?k are: The Franks trio,
a team of aero ball c comedians from Ber
lin: Trovollo, a ventriloquist; Pauline
Mnran and pickaninnies, and the dancing
Pa* spans.
This is fhe last week of the motion pic
ture? of the Jeffries-Sharkey contest at
the Alhaml>ra, the- final performances be
ing given next /Sunday afternoon end
evening. A. special holiSay matinee- will
be given this afternoon. .
In addition to the regular theatrical per
formances at the Chutes to-day, there will
be a balloon EFcenslon by Kmll Marke
ters in the afternoon and fireworks at
night.
SAT IN A BATHTUB
AND SHOT HIMSELF
SAYS THAT A WOMAN WRECKED
HIS LIFE.
Reinhold C. Borg-wardt Intended to
Brown if His Pistol Failed to
Do Its Work.
Relnhold Charles Borgwardt, a porter,
residing at 762 Howard street, committed
suicide last evening by blowing out his
brains. In a letter to the Cormier he said
that he had been suffering from the ef
fects of an Incurable malady and that his
life had been rendered miserable by a
woman, who, from the tone of his letter,
was his former wife, and resides In West
Oakland.
Borgwardt was deliberate in his prepa
rations for death and committed the deed
while seated in a bath tub filled with
water. It Is supposed that his reason for
choosing such a place was that he might
drown if the bullet did not do deadly
The" letter to the Coroner speaks of his
suffering from consumption and Is of a
rambling, incoherent nature. Inclosed
with it was the following epistle:
To you, Mrs. Thompson of Pine street, Oak
land: What your fourth husband's name la I
don"t know. You had no right to remove the
household goods unless by order of the court.
There are articles In that house which have
been in possession of my family for over forty
years The preatest crime a woman could com
mit Is to make an attempt to railroad him to
Jail Stockton or Napa. During nine years of
married life I have never harmed you or your
boy You are the cause of my death an<i also
of your second husband. His words a heart as
cold as stone.
Borgwardt was 39 years of age and has
resided here for some time. The report
of the weapon that killed him was heard
by one of the lady occupants of the
house, who notified the police. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
•Mrs. Elsie Thompson, mentioned In
Borgwardt's letter. Is a widow residing
In a small cottage at 807 Pine street. We«i
Oakland, within a block of the Southern
Pacific Railroad yards, where her son,
Edward S. Thompson, is employed:
"This man must be Insane, for I cannot
place any one In my mind that would
have reason to say such things about me."
declared Mrs. Thompson. "While I livetl
across the bay I had several roomers, but
their names I do not know. I will not tell
where I lived. I don't want my affairs
paraded in public. I had two husbands,
the second one being a man of means who
died about ten years ago In Japan while
traveling." - . • "
STRONG DRINK CAUSES
WOMAN'S SUICIDE
Mrs. Kate Neermann, the wife ot James
Neennann, a mill hand, and the mother of
two young children, committed suicide at
225 Chapuitepec street last night by swal
lowing a dose 'of carbolic add. Stronsj
drink was the cause of the unfortunate
act. Ne*rmann met Police Offlcer J. F.
Dennan at Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets about half-past 7 o'clock and In
formed him that his wife wa3 dying. The
officer Immediately rang for the patrol
wagon and the woman was removed to
the City and County Hospital, but when
the wagon arrived there she was dead.
The Neermann family lived at IS Brady
street until about seven months ago, when
they moved to Chapuitepec street. Neer
mann stated to the police officers that his
wife had been drinking heavily sinew they
lived on Brady street, and when he re
turned from his work yesterday after
noon he found her under the Influence <>f
liquor and, chlded her for her acts She
stepped into the kitchen and emptied the
contents of a small bottle of acid Into a
tumbler containing? some water and swal
lowed the liauid. The Coroner was null
fled. - . . .
JOSHUA WHITCOMB, AS HE APPEARS 'OFF THE STAGE.
DENMAN THOMPSON has ar
rived ia town accompanied by
bis Inseparable boots. As
Joshca Whiteomb in the "Old
Homestead," Deaman Thompson has
achieved national fame and he attrib
utes his success as the impersonator
of the quaint New England charac
ter largely to the cowhide covering
in which his feet have invariably
b«en encased whenever he appeared
on the stage, ever since he made his
d*>but in the row famous p!ay, way
back in 1876. The aged actor, now
verging on three-score and ten. Is
hale arid hearty, but he has a super
stitious regard for the old patched-up
boots, so strong that under no circum
stances will he consent to make his
bow to an audience without them on
In the take-off on the "Moth and tha
Flame" he imitate* every character la
the drama. He will also be heard in a pop
ular London ditty* called "The Plumber."
which Is still the rage In that city, and
which promises to become popular lo
cally. He will also be heard in a num
ber of "coon" songs, among them betn#
"All I Wants Is Ma Chickens' and
"When Susan- Johnson Tried to Reach
High C." Mr. Adams has a sweet voice
and a pleasing stage presence. He wns
considered a "star" in vaudeville, and hid
advent in comic opera circles is welconv-i
by his fellow actors and the public gen
erally. • .
EDWARD B. ADAMS, Who Will Be Heard in Aladdin Jr.
" DWARD B. ADAMS, the famous
descriptive and "coon" song singer,
has arrived here direct from New
York and will make his first ap
pearance at the Grand Opera House in the
fourth edition of "Aladdin Jr." on Monday
evening next. He will sing a descriptive
song entitled "The Moth and the Flame."
founded on the drama of that title, which
EfHe Shannon and Herbert Kelcey pro
duced some little while ago at a local
playhouse.
Mr. Adams . created a furor In It at
Keith's, New York. His powers of m!in
lcry are described as. simply marveloas.
WELLCOME SUSPICIOUS
OF MILLIONAIRE DALY
Expresses His Belief That Clark's
. Foe Supplies Money for the
Opposition.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— John B. Well
come, Senator Clark's manager in his Sen
atorial contest, was the only witness be
fore the Senate committee in the Clark
case to-day. His testimony was at no time
startling. Wellcome placed his expen
ditures for the Senatorial campaign at not
to exceed $25,000. and at the request of the
committee produced his bank book and
old checks to substantiate this stateme'ir.
These documents were taken in hand by
a sub-committee and were not made pub
lic.
Wellcome said he suspected Daly of
supplying the money usea in the White
side exposure. He had concluded that
the Montana Supreme Court was preju
diced against him and this was the
reason why:hs had not gone on the stand
in his disbarment trial.
At the conclusion of the day's sitting. It
was announced that Senator Clark's son,
C. W. Clark, would go on the stand to
morrow. '
FIGHT OVER FRENCH TREATY.
Two Committees of the Senate Claim
Jurisdiction.
'WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— T0-day's ex
ecutive session of the Senate developed a
sharp difference of opinion between the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Finance of that
body on the French reciprocity treaty.
Davis, chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee, reported the action of his
committee favorable to the treaty and
had no sooner done so that Aldrich, chair
man of the Finance Committee, represent
ing elements opposed to the treaty, moved
the reference of the treaty to his commit
tee. Davis met this motion with a point
of order agrainst present consideration and
the matter went over until the next ex
ecutive, session., .
Aldrich takes the position that as the
treaty directly affects the tariff It should
be considered by the Finance Committee,
while members of the Foreign Relations
Committee contend for its jurisdiction
over all treaties. Cullom has taken an
advanced position on this point and he
and others are prepared for a bitter con
test of Aldrlch's motion.
CRUSADE AGAINST SALOONS.
Women of Monterey and Pacific
Grove Organizing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 21.— The tem
perance workers of this town and Mon
terey have inaugurated a movement look
ing toward the closing of the roadside sa
loons between the two towns, and some
decisive steps have, It la said, already
been taken. An organized crusade against
them will be begun in the near future..
The saloons in question were built along
the road between this place and Monte
rey, and as near this town as possible, to
catch the. Pacific Grove trade, for Pacific
Grove bejng a prohibition town, no *n
loons are. allowed Inside the city limits.
The temperance people of Pacific Grove,
therefore, feel in a certain sense morally
responsible for their existence and are all
the more eager to have them abolished.
It Is not yet known what line of action
the crusade will follow to accomplish the
desired_end. : . '
TREATY APPROVED.
Jamaica Legislature Acts on Reci
procity Agreement.
-. KINGSTON, Jamaica. Feb. 21.— The
reciprocals convention with the United
States was approved by the Legislature
to-day. Only the official' members were
present. The people's representatives re
fuse to thke part in the deliberations until
Joseph , Chambtriain. Secretary of State
for the Colonies, withdraws his obnoxious
nominees. , . . . ; .
Killed in a Warehouse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORNING, Feb. 21.-Yesterday after
noon while loading a car of wheat from
Kaufman Bros', warehouse the men were
annoyed- by an offensive odor. The im
mediate conclusion reached by all present
was that there was a dead man under the
sacks, which upon Investigation proved
true. About three weeks ago the pile of
tacks fell over and nothing had been done
there until yesterday. The man evident
ly had been sleeping in the warehouse
when the sacks fell on him. The body is
supposed to be that of a stranger who
was seen around town several days before
the accident.
Child Burned to Death.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2L— Cruse RamUe
riz,- aged 8 years, whose parents live at 723
New High street, died to-day from the
effects of .burns received two days ago.
Monday afternoon the child was trying
to cook dinner for the family, the mother
being ill. She had started the fire in the
wood stove, which was blazing up quite
freely, and, getting too close, her cloth-
Ing caught fire. She became panic-strick
en, and there being no one to assist her,
was frightfully burned before the flames
could.be extinguished. , r . -
".*¦¦' . *
Dr. Jordan Goes East.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ... ,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. .21.-
President David' Starr Jordan left the
university to-day for the East, where he
will spend six weeks in visiting the large
educational institutions. Primarily he
goes to attend the convention of Amer
ican University • presidents, which .meets
at Chicago on February 28. The balance
of ' the"' time ¦' will be spent in lecturing
through the Central and Eastern States.
He will return to Stanford early in April.
¦ • ¦-.•¦-¦
Reopening Jacks Case.
SALINAS, Feb. 21.— The bill of .excep
tions in the.case of the city. of Monterey
vs David Jacks' has' been filed.,, The case,
which has been in litigation for over twen
ty years on various phases, wag recently
decided lnTavor of Jacks. An appeal v.us
taken to the Supreme Court. Thecaoe at
issue is to determine the title of pueblo
lands at Monterey, covering about 14,000
acres.
MINISTRY DEFEATED
IN THE REICHSTAG
Repeal of the "Dictatorial Para
graph" Enforced in Alsace-
Lorraine.
BERLIN. Feb. 21.— The Reichstag Com
mittee to-day adopted the amended bill
for the inspection of cattle for slaughter
and the Inspection of meat, Including the
more stringent penal provisions advised
by the sub-committee. -
During the day's proceedings the Reich
stag discussed ihe motion of Herr Win
terer,' an Alsatian member, to repeal tha
so-called "dictatorial paragraph" now en
forced In Alsace-Lorraine. He likened
the situation there during the last twen
ty-eight years to a state of siege. ,
The Imperial "Chancellor. Prince yon
Hohenlohe, said he could not hold "out
any hope of the repeal of the paragraph.
It must remain in rorce "as a warning to
the French minority, whose feelings are
reflected the resistance of the -clergy
of Als-ace-Lorraine to the offered estab
lishment of a theological faculty at
Strasburg, although the Holy See has
agreed to it." .
"It is true," added Prince Hohenlohe,
"that our relations with the French Gov
ernment are the best conceivable, and in
France also a friendly feeling prevails;
but there is no guarantee for the dura
tion of this feeling. For this reason we
must not relinquish our weapons. We
have acquired Alsace-Lorraine not by
popular vote but by force of arnra, and
we shall retain the reconquered land. This
is our right."
These remarks were ¦ greeted with
cheers. The Reichstag eventually adopted
Herr Winterer's motion by a large ma
jority, thus defeating the Government. :
The Reichstag committee finished the
second reading of the meat inspection bill
to-day and the measure in its new shape
was adopted by all the members of the
commission. Generally speaking the
amended form is quite as severe in Its
application to American meats as was
the original form, but the Bundesrath is
allowed a. certain discretion which is con
sidered favorable. The main provisions
touching American interests are the fol
lowing:
The importations of canned, corned and
pickled meats, as well as sausages, is pro
hibited. The importation of hams and
bacon Is permitted. Fresh meats will be
admitted only In whole carcasses. Pre
served and prepared meats will be allowed
1 only when concededly harmless. These
provisions are to remain in force -until
1904, after which there will be greater re
striction.
All foreign meats must pass a few pre
scribed frontier stations, where they will
be subject to inspection. The penalties for
a violation of the law are more severe
than ever before.
The Agrarian press to-night declares It
self substantially satisfied with these
amendments.
SPECIAL SEWING
TEACHERS WILL
BE DISMISSED
More Economy in the
Department.
Monthly Allowance Granted to
Bcbools for Necessary Repairs,
Several Transfers Ordered -
by Board of Education.
The Board of Education yesterday
passed resolutions dismissing five special
teachers of sewing, abolishing the posi
tions, thus effecting a saving of $323 ptr
month. The board expressed its belief in
the educational value of sewing, but in
tends to introduce it under the direction
of principals, beginning with the fall term.
•Miss Josephine Saunders was elected, to
the principalship of -the Edison School,
made vacant by the death of Miss Chalm
ers. Miss I. C. Emmons, who is now act
ing principal of the school, was allowed to
retain charge until the end of the pres
ent school year.
.It was resolved that an additional eight
per cent of the unpaid teachers' and Janl •
tors' demands for November, 1898, be or
dered paid. -»
The outside class of the Spring Valley
School afICTO Pacific avenue was ordere-i
transferred to Union street, near Leaven
worth, on March 1. 1900.
A petition from the pupils of the Ham
ilton School to give an entertainment an 4
dance in the auditorium of the Girls' Hig'a
School was denied.
The application of Miss Jane B. Gorman
to be retired on a pension was referred
to Director Casserly for investigation.
The Board of Public Works was nske-l
to make a monthly allowance of from W
to $S per month to the principals of ilia
department, to be used for making neces
sary repairs in their school building, In
accordance with a resolution adopted by
the Board of Education.
The following transfers were ordered:
Miss M. A. Harrigan from the Richmond
to the Lie Conte School; Miss Rose Mur
dock from the Broadway Grammar to tha
art department of the Polytechnic High
School, during the remainder of the term,
at a salary of $75 a month; Miss B. Gillen
from the Irving Scott Grammar School to
the Noe Valley Primary School.
Leaves of absence were granted to Mlsa
M H. Slavan from February 1 to August
1 1900; also to Miss Ida Kervan, from
February 26 to March 9, 19<X>.
Miss M. Hollub was assigned to the
Lincoln Evening School during the leave
of absence of D. Lambert. '
The altering of the salary of" the vice
principal of the Lincoln Evening School
will be held in abeyance until the annual
fixing of the salary schedule In May.
The outside class of the Hawthorns
School was discontinued, and the pupils
will be distributed among the receiving
classes of the school. . ,
Principals and Directors Confer.
The principals of the School Department
met yesterday afternoon at the invitation
of the Board of Education in the assembly
room at the City Hall for the purpose of
discussing important matters pertaining
to the department. The meeting was
called to order by Chairman Mark, who
read an address in which he stated that
the board believed that the principals
should be consulted and occasional meet
ings should be called' to discuss future
plans for the improvement of schools."
"I desire to state," said Mr. Mark,
"that the Board of Education does not
contemplate the wholesale reduqtion of
salaries, but we hope by economy, the
consolidation of unnecessary teachers and
the discontinuance of rented rooms, to
keep within the income provided by the
cUarter. The board will report to the
Auditor in April that the average daily
attendance for the 'last'' fiscal year' was
36,M>, arid allowing *$2S-t«j the pupil, as
allowed by ~ the' "charter, the amount of
reveriue : 'ior the' next fiscal year for all
salaries will be $1,034,320, making the
monthly allowance $86,193. The monthly ;
pay roll must therefore be reduced by
*5214.
"While we believe that some home work
of a definite character should be given,
we urge upon you the importance of in
teresting your teachers in assisting their
pupils to select books fit for them to
read." ¦
Mr. .-Mark said It was the intention to
recall all substitutes on "long call", and
place all teachers consolidated out in their
positions. •
Principal Albert Lyser said the object
ors to the home study plan failed to real
ize an important argument in its favor,
that of making the pupil more self-reliant.
Principal. CallBghan, on the other hand,
argued In favor of giving the pupil no
home work whatever. She favored two
divisions in the class room, one of which
could study while the other- recited.
The litigation committee met after the
meeting adjourned for the purpose of tak
ing some action In having the teachers
sign a release to the Union Trust Com
pany In connection with the latest
compromise between the merchants and
teachers, by which $7000 is to be applied
to the payment of their salary demands
for November, 1898.
DENMAN THOMPSON AND
HIS "BOOTS" ARE HERE
Will Open in "The Old Homestead" at the
Columbia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 3FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
Judgment Against Mrs. Baird.
Judgement for the plaintiff in the case
of William Cahill against Veronica C.
Baird for $975 has been entered by a jury
in Judge Bahrs' court. Cahill sued Mrs.
Baird as the assignee of Attorney N. H
Hurd, who represented her during litiga
tion lasting over several years.
9EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD"B Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-pace catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL student* but two taking full course
this year got position*. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
rrech.. survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAX PER XAILLEX. 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers-
Classes forming; French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library, 530 G. G. aye., r. 5, 6; hrs. 2-g.
DAXCIXg", ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ESPIXA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan blydg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cultar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods.results.
FKENCH. Spsnlph. etc. Prof.DeFllippe'n Acad-
emy of Unguage?.32O Post ;e?:.lg7l ;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taupht personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
16 Miyew. In wmpper. for mailing. »1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post st.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nes». 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Orflce^-
best help. 414»4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress de-
sires situation; best of references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. •
COMPETENT Norwegian second girl desires a
situation; young and strong. MISS CULLEX.
223 Sutter st^ •_"
A STRICTLY first-class Infant's or children's
nurse now open to engagement; city or coun-
try: very best references. C. R. HAXSEX &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as traveling
saleslady; will travel for ar.y firm; call at
once Room 235, Golden West Hotel. 6S to 76
Ellis st. ¦
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position
in bakery as saleslady. Call or address 503
Jones st.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
housework; city or country: Is good cook;
kind to children. 263 Minna st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by day; would do
the family washing In exchange for room.
C. L.. box 28. Call office.
CAPABLE German woman wants work by the-
day washing-. Ironing and cleaning: no cards.
1123 Broadway.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
¦ general housework; city or country. Call
206 Fifth st.
A YOUNG girl to assist in light housework in
a family of 2 or 3: wages $10 or $12; in city;
call from 9 to 12. 1704 Harrison st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st., room 7. front corner.
LAND or timber claims. Who wants to have
any taken up or held? Box 4270. Call office.
GOOD chambermaid, married woman, wishes
work in a llrst-class hotel in the city. Box
4251. Call office.
COLORED girl from the East wishes position
to do general housework. Apply E. T., 20
Sherwood place. -
SWEDISH pirl wishes place for general house-
work. Address 54S Howard st.
STRONG _rlrl wishes position to do light
housework In small family. 826 Mission Bt.
LADY with good reference, speaking German
and English, wishes a position as lady's maid
or to take care of grown children to travel to
Europe and return. Apply at 40 McAllister
St.. from 2 to 5.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier, stenographer
desires a position: city or country: correspond-
ence English and Italian: experience; first-
class references. Address box 4246, Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MKS.
WOLTER, 132 Sixth st.
ELDERLY German lady *eeks employment as
seamstrers, either at home or In families. 10
CclUngwood Bt.
WANTED — Engagements to treat your hair at
your home for any trouble ever heard of, on a
guarantee, by hair specialist: also bust devel-
oping. Address box 4235. Call. .
A GERMAN woman wishes a position to do
general -ousework In a small family; no ob-
jections to country. Call 175 Linden aye.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; no cards.
Cail at C 24 Chestnut St., between Taylor and
Mason.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week- convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch oftlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptions has been established at the
northwest corner- of Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky rin.: npen until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAX and wife (Swiss), without children, want
work; wife Is a rood cook, man understands
taking care of horses; can do all kinds of
work; city or country; good references. In- .
quire 120 Sutter St., room 75.
MIDDLE-AGED roan, all round handy, wants
• light work; good home, small wages; no
• milking; best of references. Address H. W.,
403 Francisco st.
SITUATIOX wanted by young man as fireman
or wiper, or In wholesale houae. Address
119 Third Ft., room 21.
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily as coachman: can attend garden and milk;
references. Box 4292, Call office.
GOOD strone married man wishes a steady
position. Address J. H., 403H Van Ness aye.
GARDKXER, thoroughly competent man,
withes situation for orchard, nursery or large
private place; no trlflers. A, V., Swiss Hotel,
C 27 Commercial St.
YOUNG experienced bedmaker and porter with
beet reference wishes a place. Address box
4206, Call office.
WANTED— By a practical man and. wife, posi-
tion as ranch manager; reliable and compe-
tent. Box 4240, Call office.
POSITION on ranch by married man; been
foreman 5 years: thorough vlneyardlst: car-
penter; blacksmith; wife good plain cook. O.
E., box 4245. Call office.
YOUXG German engineer and machinist wants
employment. Address H. G., 811 Bryant st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashier >:r
otherwise. Address Spreclvels. box 420.1, Cali.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH of.tee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122S Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turVv «t«..: otien until 9 n. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. UAYKKLG, German expert optician.
lOilH Market st. ; examination free: German
yyewater by mall. 6Qc. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK &. CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
627 Larkln; 6 r....522 00 ; 916 Buchanan;S r. 15 00
W37 Cal.: 5 r 15 00 536 Hermann; 5 r. 15 00
BOWIE aye.. 6. oft Eleventh St.— Flat, of S
rooms; bay window and hall; cheap rent.
GROVE. 527. bet. Octavla and Laguna— Lower
fiat; 4 rooms and yard; rent $10. >
ll'' you want to move icet printed Hat flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
NOE, 105 — Elegant new modern upper corner
fiat: 6 rooms, bath, basement, yard, 3 bay
windows. ,
$IR— SUXXY middle fiat of 5 rooms, bath, yard.
1740 Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
FLATS TO 'LET KUKMSHBD.
POWELL, near Pine, nicely furnished sunny
upper flat, 6 rooms, bath; rent $45; no chil-
dren. Box 4269, Call office.
COMPLETE newly furnished upper flat of I
rooms; fine upright piano for sale; Oat for
rent. Box 4255. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELLED iron beds, all sixes, $2 90: heavy
matting 10c. yard: 7- piece bedroom set. $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310, 1312 Stockton St.,
near Broadway. -,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
1 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephona Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY date with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy*
furniture, cornets. 7»7 Mission: tel. Red, nil.
HELP WAXTED — AGENTS.
GENTLEMAN and lady of good address as so-
licitors for prominent local company; liberal
salaiy when ability Is proved. Address box
4263. Call office.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by his son: most liberal terms; send 25c
for handsome outfit, showing styles of binding
and over 40 illustrations. R. R. Patterson,
publishers' agent. 429 Montgomery St., S. F.
WANTED— Energetic agents; ladles and gen-
tlemen; In every county In the State for a
rapid selling article. 5 Birch aye.. S. F.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODKLL. ?C'6 Kearny st. '
HELP WAXTED- FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN~&"cO?Trr!?PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Lo« Angelos. $20, free fare; 4
waitresses, city and country. $20: 2 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $20; cook,
FAMILY ORDERS
Working housekeeper, city, $12; woman with
a child for ranch, see party here Friday:
German second girl. Marln County, $25: cooks.
Alameda, $25; cook, short distance In coun-
try. $30: cooks. Isleton. $25; Santa Clara. $20;
and many others; city and country. C. R.
KAXSEX A CO.. 104 Geary. st.
TWO nurses for Institutions". Eastern women
preferred, see party here. $30. C R. HAIs-
SEN & SO.. 104 Geary st.
¦WANTED— Chambermaid. hotel. $18^ hotel
waitress. $20; restaurant waitress, $5 and $6 a
week; lunch and dinner waitress, $20; cook. 2
In family, $30; Scandinavian cook. $3a, no
wash; 4 cooks. German style, $25. $30; 3 sec-
ond girls, $20. $25; French second girls. $20.
$25; head waitress, $25: 2 fancy lroners. $9 a
week: BO girls for housework. $20. $25. J. F.
QROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter Bt.
AN Infant's nurse, $25; German second girl,
Ross station, $25; companion to a lady, $10;
6econd girl, city, $18 per month. MISS CLL-.
LEX. 323 Sutter st.
IRISH girl, cook, American family. $25: cook,
Menlo, $30, for first of month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl for general
housework, care of children and plain cook-
Ing; family of 6: wages $20. Call at 316 Utah
St.; take 16th or Bth st. cars.
GERMAN girl for general housework and
cooking; only two persons In family; wages
$15. Inquire 16-18 Geary st.
MILLINERY apprentice. Call between 8 and
10, 605 Powell st. ¦_ ,
GIRL for clerical work; state wages. Addresa
Factory, box 4264. Call office.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In general housa-
work. 45 Broderick^st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and as-
slst In cooking. 11 Scott st.
GERMAN Protestant woman for housekeeper;
good home; country. Call after 2 o clock at
grocery store, 232 XI nth st.
NEAT, reliable Klrl to assist In housework
assist In small bakery: wage* from $10 to $12.
Apply at UPS Church et.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; wages $20; references required. Call
between 9 and 12. 1917 Baker st. ¦
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages $12
to $15. 1920 Sutter st.
YOUNG German Ctrl for lleht housework and
care of children. 1351 Eleventh aye.
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 5H
Kearny st., room 18. top floor.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work in Levi Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 82H Fremont st. MR. DA-
VIS. Supt. i
WOMEN and Blrls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 26*4 Fremont st.; elevator.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole makers;
also apprentices. 135 Xatoma st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22^0 Killmore *t.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
X^^u7tß^CYX^EAlSY7."Traol?E^iAlN~s?4o
Leading Employments Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
8 milk wagon drivers $30. $23 and found
27 milkers and butter-makers, $40. $35, $30, $25
and found
G choremen and boys $20. $15, $10, found
S3 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, etc.
Pruners $30. $26. $25. $20. found
5 stablemen, hostlers, harness and buggy
washers, city and country. .Uo. $35, $30, $25. td
3 farmers ami wives, see boss here. .s4o, found
26 laborers, teamsters, city, $1 75 day, $30, J26
found; 256 woodchoppers, tic-makers. $2 60. $2,
$1, 75c cord, 12c, lie, 10c each, tools found;
15 gold and coal miners, $2 CO, $3, $3 50 day; 3
blacksmiths and helpers; wheelwright; paper
hanger; miller for flour mill: butcher, coun-
try sh*op, see boss here.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 cooks 6- waiters 4 dishwashers:
young man for delicacy store; lroner; also a
washer for laundries, $50, $40, $33, WO, $25. fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEX & C0.'5. ..:i04 GEARY ST.
60 teamsters and laborers for the Coast Road
In Santa Barbara and Monterey counties; free
fare
B0 coal miners for Xew Mexico; 8 slnglehand
quartz miners. $2 50 a day; pruner and grafter,
$26 and board
Porter and gardener for a summer resort, $25.
Nurse for em Institution, country, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
ERRAND boy who knows the city and lives
with his parents for our office. C. R. HAN-
SEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Miners, $2 50 day; laundryman and
wife, $C 0; carriage painter, $2 50 day; wagon
blacksmith, $2 50 day: blacksmith's helper, $50;
ranch blacksmith and wife, $35: fruit farmer;
milkers, ?25; woodchoppers, $2 75 cord; cooks,
waiters and others. J. F. CHOSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento at.
BARBERK' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEIXZ,
Employment Secy, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
143 Ninth st., 521 Montgomery aye.,
861 Market St.. 335 Hayea St.,
210 and 212 Grant aye.. 218 Third St..
705 Larkln *t.. 200S Flllmore St..
1819 Devlsadero St.. 3006 Sixteenth St..
475 Haisht St.. 2516 Mission St..
140 Sixth st.. 8255 Mission St.'.
1419 Polk st.. 127321 2732 Twenty-fourth st.
WAXTED— Steady man. satisfied with $15 to
$18 per week, to keep plain accounts and as-
sist In light work; small capital required.
1016 Market St.. room 10.
BARBER to take charge of 2 chairs; 16c shop;
3 nice living rooms;, good stand; no money
required; only rent, which Is $10 per month.
STOLZ. 630 Market at.
FOR sale— Barber shop, 8 chairs; 1 cigar store;
1 bootblack stand; 2 living rooms; $400. 1205
Market st. . .
GREEN hands and sailors for England. Africa
and steam whalers at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c. $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st.
WAXTED— A tailor by L. CLAR, Vlsalla. Cal.
BOY to learn tailoring; age about 17. 411>4
Kearny st.. top floor. •
WA NTED— Wood turner. GEo! ci PAPE.
Berkeley, Cal. V-.- .;¦
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
THREE fancy weavers 'for casslmeres. San
Jose Woolen Mills, San Jose. Cal.
SHOEBLACK wanted. 643 Washington St.. be-
low Montgomery: barber shop.
WAITER. . 613 Clay st. '
WAXTED— Good dishwasher; some cooking; $3.
6feO Fourth st. . , ¦ ¦ '
BOY to help on small place In exchange for
good home. DIMOND, P. O. box 16. Frultvale.
WANTED— A boy with some experience to as-
sist In grocery and bar; state references, age
and wages expected. Address box 550, Call.
CARRIAGE woodworker: steady Job. WAL-
COM BROS.. 217 Ellla St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; . only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and hairdresslng
trades. MOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63S
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven; Conn.
EXPERIENCED shop cutter on clothing. 20
Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted at 626 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: IJO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard ex..
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to SOc. E62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d st*.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 350
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— 100 men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky^ts. : open till 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Snle
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. ' Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st.; auction sale* every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
. 1621 and 1623 Market St.. h?t. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED— Horse and wagon for fruit store;
must b« cheap. Call northwest corner Twen-
ty-fourth and Hampshire sts.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DAL7JEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. O. ay.
FINE gentle horses and new rubber-tired bug-
gles; $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
62 ROOMS: fine corner: clears $250 $1500
2* rooms; north of Market; clears $125.. 900
7-room house; only 150
24 rooms; easy payments bOO
22 rooms; corner; only 1200
10 rooms on O'Farrell st 323
10 rooms on Taylor St.; worth $800 450
32 rooms: corner; clears $150 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4800
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms... 6500
Tel. John 61. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
15 rms.; Post $750 14 rms.; Ellis $SM
21 rms.; N. side. 1250 13 rms.; S. side.... 350
40 rms.: nr. Orpheum. Mason, nr. Post.... 375
Money to loan at reduced rates.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market »t.
$250— 10-ROOM lodging-house, near Market St.;
rooms always full; a good payln«r proposi-
tion: rent J25. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
AN elegant 11-room house, north of Market St.;
new furniture: cheap; low rent. Pacific States
Realty Co., 320 Parrott building.
14 ROOMS. H block off Market, snap $300
24 rooms: nice: clean $1300
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., nr. Call bldg.
LODGING-HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices; money loaned buyers. Rooms
1-2. 917 Market st.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying transient
house: north of Market; will stand Investiga-
tion. Pac. States Realty Co., 320 Parrott biff.
875 WASHINGTON St.. Oakland. 14-room house
for sale cheap; call; see party.
14 WELL-FL'RXISHED rooms; no agents. S3S
Howard st.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE, 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second st. : no ascents.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— House eight rooms, bath; part fur-
nished: convenient to trains; low rent. In-
quire 313 Fourteenth St., Oakland.
TO let— House. 1? rooms; stable; 60 bearlnc
fruit trees: 2 blocks from station. P. GARD-
NER, Mill Valley, Cal.
TO LET— Cafe privilege at Lurline Baths, Bush
and Larkln sts. Apply on premises.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Black greyhound bitch, white marks on
3 feet, chest and head. Return 1122 Kearny
St., receive liberal reward.
FOUXD— A hunting dog; owner can have same
by proving and paylag expenses. F. E.
PIERCE. White House. Colma.
LOST— GoId locket with initial. Call at 25-27
Battery St., clothing store; reward.
LOST— Maltese cat with bell; child's pet; re-
ward. 475 Geary st.
LOST— White greyhound pup. Please return
to COS Xatoma st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — A pair of steel-rimmed spectacles In
cane-: reward. 103 Davis st.
LOST — Small purse Saturday evening. Return
to room 5. Flood building. -and receive reward.
FOUXD— The pin which wae lost r.t Dickey's
roadhouFe In November, IS9S. Owner will
please address note to M, Box 111, Call Busi-
n*-«s Office.
_____
DRS, GOODVIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles* specialist: rafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
case* successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023% Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 942
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. Dr! KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Dlt. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late selen-
, tine methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
MKS. DR. ALLKN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
let: guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
st.: every ease guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. AXD MRS. ii. WEGENER— Private horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ease* of the human body. US Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to Investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never falls. Call
or address for booklet. Anldrosis, 47 Post,
office No. 5; gents' baths, 6; ladles parlors. 33.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOII BALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAX. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-IC2I-1023 Ml*ston
tt.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mlrrurs.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
SAFER— Xew and second for banks, merchant*.
•teamers. residences; portable safety boxes;
rpecle chests, bullion cafes, vaults, etc. Th«
WalU Safe Co.. 109-111 Market *t.. S. F.. Cal
A— BUYS. Bell* or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
«rtc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
EDISOX concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. J2 to. BACIGALUPI.
f33 Market St.. San Francisco.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
ICE machine for sale; In good condition; 1 ton;
• Apply 41C Shotwell st.
WAGOX for sale! good for a painter; will take
painting for It. 416 Shotwell st. v
15-HORSE power boiler and enslne. 316 Rall-
road aye., San Francisco, south. '-
IRISH setters: fancy pigeons; homers: runts;
white homers. 2C41 Linden St.. Oakland.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new: cheap. 1915 Mission *t.. near 15th.
ANY parties having Argora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 220 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
ONB' 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; ( locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. P'aners.laibM.
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beala.
NEW and-eecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. AY. C. BEXTHAM. 1832 Market *t.
SECOXD-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engine*. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THK HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A lack for breeding purposes; must
be cheap; large one preferred. Address Clip-
ping Establishment. 22 Golden Gate aye.
WAXTED— Records, 52-lnch horn, films, etc..
for concert phonograph and projectoscope.
Apply at 13ES Market st. FOSTER.
WANTED— To buy or rent a medium size port-
able rock crusher. Address by mall. Contrac-
tor. 1209 Claus Spreckels bldg.. San Francisco.
WAXTED— Very small lathe, about 30-lnch bed.
114 First st. ¦
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
clsco Iron Yard. 204 Mission St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
aNY amount at ( per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; g?t my term* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4l Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
tecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance: chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. B.
OLSEN. room 14. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $30
to $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gagee, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgage* bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Doian. 632 Market.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watche*. Jewelry. W. J. HEBTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamond*.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commission. R. 81,6 Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants* Exchange. 431
California St.
ANY amount by private party on furniture ant
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BOXELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
OX REAL estate. Ist cr 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 3. 'respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property. Ad-
dress COXFIDENTIAL. box £729. Call office.
ON furniture and planoa without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
f.S and 69. Donohoe buildlnir. 1170 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott bulld-
¦ Ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT l\i per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLE Y. 430 Par-
rott buildlnjr.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal r no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property I* mortgaged and yon need
more money see H. MURPHY. «3O Market »t.
TO salaried m"en. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private room*. San Fran-
clfco Dlscirint Arency. 143 PhMan hnllrilne.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced planoa
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. J4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter *t«.. San Francisco. ; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou«»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
tC. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms eary; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNAHE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LEIt & CIIASK. 30 OFarrell gt.
PIANOS are offered at lower prices than ever
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THERE Is only one place to buy a Decker or a
Packard piano. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planes; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 321 Post St.
CO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grad«
pianos; special discounts for cash; open Sat.
•venlnr*. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13S Elllf st.
WAXTED— To exchange a fine upright piano
for goods for family use. Apply J. GOOD-
RICH, room 12. Flood building.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIAXO CO.. £60 Hayes st.
SELL for str.rage— 2 uprights. $73: very fins
Steinway. J123. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $I£,
call evenincs. 1319 Powell st.
W. O. BAIDGEIi. 4J2 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis ptancs.
FIXE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacriaeed.
KEEFFE'S. ICI9 van Ncm aye.. nr. Geary «t
GOOD unricht piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITS. 1«
"McAllister St.. next Hibernta Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO I,ET.
uTHo^s^UAiiir^bu^
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
FOLSOM. 870— Large sunny store, with 3 living
rooms. Apply H. UMBSEN & CO.
120 — BTORK: 2 f how windows nnd .". large rooms;
• 4aDte«t tn <ny hn.ln~«. 4?? c| T th »t.
~~~ PAL3IISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 3. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
W^NTED^Addrcss of THOMAS WILSON; for^
merly resided at Keystone House. Jackson St.,
San Francisco. Sister Maggie asks.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. FREDERICKA HOFFE.
E. J. HOFFE.
BELLE-O C UH V ~~ ~
' ¦ la NOT A LADT.
BARBER wants wife. 28 years of age. to live
In mining camp. Address PostofSce box
73,800. Phoenix. Ariz.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rate*. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser. Is the
leader In styles; latest modes. 23c; manicur-
ing, 23c; you should watch fcr the Monday
sale prices; very low. 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
OUR sprlnc goods are arriving; call and see
our blue serjee $15 ladies' tailor-made suits
at $1 per week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1306
Stockton st.. near Broadway; open evenings.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
aold. Sllvcrman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles: free this week: I guarantee to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT Der-
matologlst. 1207 Market st.. opp. City Hall.
ASTROLOGY-Serranoi recognized brightest
astrologer in America; sketch of life and
SJSJPr?*", 1 B<?nd date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO. P. O. t>ox &235. Boston.
Mass. . " ¦ ¦
¦ i
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pant* $3 7i; our
•peclalty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready mad-. L. LEMOd.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th andSth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 532 Kearny. near Sacto:
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC light* in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Jsc to i $1 60 per night; $150 to $* per week;
free hu« and baggage to and from tha ferry.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Be»t published— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio.'
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
: turners; make-up and wig*; country order* *o-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN k CO.. 733 Market st.
PHYSICAL culture, massage, to ladies; private;
Mrs.Wagner.graduate masseuse. 1013^ Lerkln.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headache*, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like manic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard *t.
PERSONALS.
at a SKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats HM HEIXEMAX. 103 Sansome st.
WAXTED-OM gold for roanurg. O.
Jeweler. 241 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J WHITE-
HORN A Si. Ph.D.. n» Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SUItGEONS.
AT f T. NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
att ABVORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
OLD STAXDIXO- CHROXIC DISEASE*.
Cured where all other hare failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KXIKE!
Different from any other treatment
Write for references. Consultation £*••_._
DR. L. J. STRATTOX. 607. 508 and 5C$. PaX-
rott building. (Over the Emporium. )
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence.
101T4 Market st.. bet. Sixth ami Seventn.
IIIIAL ESTAIiC CITY FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT AND RESI-
DENCE PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MOXTGOMERT BT.
Monday. February 28. WOO.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
SW. corner 19th and Shotwell st*.; store, cot-
tage of 4 rooms and 2 flats of 3 and * rooms;
rents $53; lot 33x90; subject confirmation by
the court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Z707 Jaokson *t., S. Ilne. near Scott st. : mod-
ern residence of 10 rooms and, bath: brick foun-
dation, etc; lot 27:63127:3Vi.
EXECUTRIX SALE. _/_ J.
Plerc» rt.. west line. 100 ft. north of Vallejo;
spacious house with largs grounds: lot Tax
200; subject to confirmation by th« court.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
NE. corner Sacramento and Pevtxisa ro st». ;
elegant modern residence of 12 rooms; beauti-
fully frescoed, with dancw hall In attic: els-
gant view; one of the finest corners la th»
Western Addition; house comparatively new;
finished basement for banquet hall; all front
window in French plate glass: Interior finished
In natural oak; fine art windows and up-to-dat«
In every respect: lot G2:3xSl:2; must be sold, aa
owner intend* residing abroad permanently.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
, NW. cor Pacific and Sansome sts.; lmprore-
rnrnts consist of 4 stores and one dwelling;
rents $113 per month; both streets accepted by
the city; lot 34x67.
CHOICE RICHMOND COTTAGE.
112 13th aye.. near Lake st.; cottage of 4
rooms and bath: high basement and stable; rent
$11; lot 23x120: thi* property faces the proposed
new Panhandle, between the Park and Pre»ldlo.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
SW. corner of 20th and Eureka sts.: modern
residence of S rooms and bath: brick t^"nda-
tlon. etc: commanding a fine view; lot 100x100.
MISSION COTTAGE.
341 Sanchez st.. E. line, near 16th st.: v bay-
window cottage of 6 rooms and bath: brlcic
foundation, etc.; stable la r«ar; rent $i»; lot
25x90.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
SIS-320-322 Point Lobos aye.. N. line, near
Wood st.; 2-* tory bay-window house of « rooms
and 1 flats of & and « rooms each; lot «*xSI:S.
For further particulars apply at our office.
O. H. UiIBSEX A CO.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery St.
SOL O-Z^S^^ockeh HO-MSO.
HEADQUARTERS FOtl rARK LOTS.
Xow for a Prosperous Era for Saa Francisco.
$200 to $400— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from U to X it.; li monthly.
$300 to $800 — Choicest lots In Bunaet; street*
graded and *ewered; $10 monthly.
$3CO to $300— Cheapest residence lots in Rich-
mond; easy terms.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Mlssloa-st. elec-
tric car line; only $3 monthly.
Call for Maps and. Diagrams.
SOL GET7S tc BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKEH BUTLDINO.
A BARGAIN
ON SUTTER ST.. NEAR POLK.
Flna three-story bulldln< with store below.
Rents |70L
PRICE HAS BEEN REDUCED.
THOMAS MAGEE ft SONS.
Real Estate Agents.
& Montgomery St.
314 CHERRY. Presidio Heights: marine Tlewt
9 rooms; new; sunny all day; healthiest part
city; up to date every particular; choice prop-
erty; make offer; wit or without furniture:
MODERN flats— $ZS0O; containing 6 and 8 rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: 631 Waller at., oat
block from Halzht and Pierce; ea*y terms.
F. KELSON. Builder.
IF you have lota In Richmond district, north ot
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly thea
call on W. J. OUNX. 630 California st.
2 MODERN flats, cheap; must sell accounf ot
departure for Europe. Inquire 467 Tehama.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE— A beautiful orchard home prop-
erty of 53Vi acres, all In full bearing trees,
one-third prunes, the balance peaches, pears,
apricots and cherries, with good Improve-
ments, situated In the warm foothill belt of
Santa Clara Valley. 9 miles west of Son Jose.
s miles from Santa Clara and 4 miles from
Mountain View; paying a good income; prlc*
only $25.C0a For particulars address A. L-.
Call Agency. San Jose.
A LOVELY INCOME HOME AXD UNEQUAL-
ED VALUE.
SO acres rich loam; no adobe; fenced: 3 fields;
50 hlchly cultivated: 30 wooded hill pasture:
25 acres bearing orchard; s-room residence;
large barn: poultry arrangement*; 3 llvtn<
springs, trout creek and wells; fine road ad-
jacent to Napa; Including stock and toola,
only $."CO.
X. D. SICKELS. th« LAND AOENT.
10 Geary st.. opp. Chronicle building. 8. P*.
M. GRIFFIN. 7« Market St.. near Call bide..'
sells and exchanges city realty and farm* la
all parts of California; call on him.
J. W. HORN. 812 Mala *t.. Petaluma: real Vs-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for freo l!»t nf SoniTn* County burgatrn.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2523- Sunay room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men; breakfast If desired: prtvat* family:
references exchanced.
FELL. SGS— Nice, sunny front room for house-
keeplng for lady with a child.
FOLSOM. 216-215— Four to six houaekeeptnx
rooms; complete: water and gas.
FOLSOM 525— Laree lunnjr furnished room;
light housekeeping: $1 50 weekly.
FOLSOM 834— Sunny bay-window room and
kitchen, modern house; $12; also 1 housekeep-
lng, $S; private.
FTLTOX. lZVi—2 front sunny rooms: range,
water, yard: also unfurnished: rent $8 to $10.
GUERRERO. 1147. near Twenty-third—* rooms
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping. $13.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
floor complete; »un: bath; yard; reasonable.
HARRI^OX 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard: bath;
rent 513.
HYDE. 40*— Elegant sunny front parlor sultat'
complete for housekeeping; $23; also »tngl».
JONES. 2TOI. cor. Greenwich— Two large *unny
furnished housekeeping rooms; $10; others un-
furnished.
ICEARXY, near Sutter— A light front room. $9;
gas free: also housekeeping room. O'FarreTl.
opp. Orpheum. $3 month. Apply 15 Grant are.
LEAVENWORTH, 215— Unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms: American family: adults.
LEROY place. 114, bet. Jones St Leavenworth— 1
very pleasant »unny housekeeping rooms; $3.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
upstairs rooms; $15.
MINNA. 434 — Furnished. 2 or 3 back rooms for
housekeeping ; cheap.
MISSION. 563—3 nice housekeeping rooms;
cheap.
2 NICE sunny front rooms, bedroom and
kitchen, all complete for housekeeping. Apply
shoe store, 562 Mission *t.. bet. Ist and !d sts.
POLK. 1620— Two front sunny furnished rooms t
POWELL. 510— Sunny furnished front room with
kitchen, bath, closets, yard; sep. entrances.
SEVENTH. 242— Three sunny rooms, with laun-
dry. furnished complete for housekeeping.
THIRTEENTH. 175—3 sunny bay-window
rooms, connecting; rent $9.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and *üb*crtptlona
received at Call branch office. 1220 Fillmore st.
0^ 11 535553«S _¦
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Ta'.l. corner of Market and Third streets, open
sntil 12 o'clock evetr night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
torner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
$00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
633 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C:3 I*rk:r. street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
r?a Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntil S p. m.
:«1 Eleventh street : cpen until » p. m.
109J Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1223 Polk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
UXSSXOai Chapter No. 7». R. A. M.— •
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) __»\_
EVENING. 7:3<i ••'<-:. >ck. Mission Ma- 1C JT
sonic Tfrnf!'. 2G6S Mission st. Mark/^r*
master degree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16S. F. and A. •
M.— Sl-ecial meeting FRIDAY. Feb. m ß\.
23. at 1:10 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose lK3\
of conducting the funeral of our de-*^»
cea*ed brother. JOHN EVE THOMAS, late
a member of Mount Edgcumber Lodge. Cam-
bror.e. England. Friends are respectfully in-
vited. By order of the Master.
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
DORIC L-tdge No. 216. F. and A. M.— O
Special meeting THIS (THUKSPAT) -_f\_
EVENING, at 7:39 o'clock. Second de- j£ 3C
irree. Sojourning brethren are in\ - lted. • >r »
By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
WESTERN ADDITION Lodge No. <^tt-^>
: . I O. O. F. — Grand Master W.
A. BONYNGE of Lo« Angeles
will pay thi* lodg- an official visit ' ''"'
on THIS (THURSDAY* EVENING. February
£2. 15iX). Members of the order are cordially
Invited to attend. G. A. TRAUTNER. X. G.
WM. F. LEE. Fin. Secretary.
COURT Star of the Mission No. 7197, •"«-_•
A. O. F.— Dear sirs and brother*: You
are respectfully invited to attend the ~M \
funeral of our late brother. HENRY sn »•
DOWNIE. Past Chief Ranger, at O'Connor'*
undertaking parlor*. 767 Mixsion St.. at 9:30
a. m., FRIDAY, Feb. 23. Interment Cypres*
Lawn Cemetery. . ;
HEXRY F. JEXD. Chief Ranger.
GEO. E. FLIXT. Secretary.
THE California Debri* Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jack* In the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County.
to deposit tailings In Whitlock ravine; from
Manuel Leal. In the Union mine. In New
York Township. Tuba County, to deposit
tailings on Xew York Flat: from Walter E.
Peterson. In the Manila Placer mine, near
Jgo. Shasta County, to depc*lt tailing* in a
worked-out pit. and from the Cherokee
Gravel and Gold Mining Company, in the
Cherokee gravel rnfne. near Carters. Tuo-
!umne County, to deposit tailing* in Bear
<"reek. gives notice that a meeting will be
l:*>!d at room D. Flood building. San Fran-
clsm. Cal . r,n March 5. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A MAPERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
ri«t and palmist In the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
# t yw^^J-f^----.----r--^--- HT.-..T- .- ¦¦ l jx J ' t j«xjvxA>^iiJun L .- 1J - .i ij.m-i.rMT |
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; .
r.o fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SM Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason, i
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re- |
sumed practice at 503 Cal. St., Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. En-.ma Epreclceis bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fee* in advance. ,
IIOAHUI.VU 2--OU CBILDBBX. ;
PRIVATE family will board child 2 years and 1
ever: sunny yard: terms $;0. 824 V, Valencia. I
DOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged, j
jj. •*--«.. Book Co.. TO4 Mttwlon «t.. near Third. )
lltlit'l .*»«/ «•«>«'»-: .hmi.h>>.
CEND Jor our price list; Its chuck full cf bar- j
gains- we pay the freight on country order*. •
PEOPLE' S SHOE STORK. 1303 Stockton St.. i
n«r.r Brrairay. |
BOSIYBSS CHA.\CKS.
P.OADHOL'SE wanted; north ot S. F. preferred; |
mast be cheap for cash; not over 5 acres land.
j;iv_ Partner wanted; fine chance; good
business.
We want 7 lodging houses; from 10 to 50 ;
room*: cash buyers.
What business have you to sell? We have •
casli buyer* tor all kinds of business; irom ¦
$"00 to J250 f >: saloons, cigar store*, fruit
stores, small farrr.s and large ones.
We war.t your stores and houses to rent: j
will attend to them promptly and cheaper |
than ar.y one else in the city; will collect \
\i,ur rent* for you. etc.
COLUMBIA REALTY CO.. Sl6 Market, r. 63. j
$1^) CANDY STORE »150 :
and branch bakery; sunny corner j
..this More must sed; price J150; worth J500.. ;
For sale or.ly by DECKER, 1023 Market st.
ATTENTION. EELf«ERB!
List whate\er you have for sal*
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I wr.rt no exclusive contract.
H. C. DECKER. ÜB_ Market ft., opp. Fifth. j
$ir.O — BUTTER and e?g store In large market; I
510 to $30 a day; must sell. Decker, IC2O Mkt. ]
FIRST-CLASS saloon, on Kearny St.; mint for •¦
right party; cheap; see Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal, S3& 1 * California ft., room 1.
(4000 — FIRPT-CLASS saloon, best part of town. .
cheap rent, long leaw, stands investigation; |
worth tTGOy. Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, j
Cn^Vj California st.. room 1.
BARGAIN— Grocery end bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. L3>4 California et., room 1.
IT- ROOM house; a snap J5OO
20-rooxn house; a bargain ' $10")
A cigar etore; fine location $r.i."o
A barber shop, and cigar store 5550
A branch bak»ry; rare bargain Jl5O
A grocery and bar: a snap JSOO
Fine bakery In good location $1009
MITCHELL & ADAMS. 3C« Market st.
FOR bargain* In saloons, groceries and bars.
«-igar stores, restaurants, oyster houses,
branch bakeriee. lodging houses, 10 to 100
room*, see J. H. CHISEL & CO.. T» Third Bt.
WE buy. sell and exchange city and country
real estate and business chances on commis-
sion. J. H. CHISEL & CO.. 79 Third st.
BARREtt chop; $^0; 2 rhalrs; clears $10 a week; |
good reason for selling. M. GRIFFIN*. 719
Market St.. Call building.
CANDY and bakery; beet In city; cause, sick-
Be—. COWING & CO.. 1133 Market st.
FOR sale— Half interest In first-class delicates-
sen to bright young German who thoroughly
understands the business; none others need
Rpply: easy terms; references. Apply WIE-
LAKD BROS> 121 Clay St.. 8. F.
ItESTAURANT for sale; only one In reach cf
4 factories employing 1000 people; restaurant
neats 87; alpo yard with 23 chickens; cause,
sickness. 60S Seventh st.
FOR eale— Good paying restaurant near the
water front: rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Washington st.
NEW bakery or laundry: 3-can milk wagon: J-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery cr delivery
waron*. 2T Cortland aye.
PARTNER in show business clearing $100 a
month: no experience f must have $150. Prof. J.
C. FELTOX. 422 Minna St.. 3 p. m. to 5 p. m.
FOR eale— Old-established restaurant; good
business; cheap; sickness. Box 426&. Call.
FOR sale— Dental office: good location; large
practice; cheap. Box 4267, Call office.
TO let — Barber shop. 2 chairs; rent cheap.
Apply 3464 Seventh rt.
CAXDY store and factory wanted; principals
only: must be in city. Box 4266. Call offlce.
BARBER Fhoo. l'-c. for aale; banraln If sold
this week. Apply 1337 Pacific st,
WANTED— A contractor and builder, to take
an Interest and give a general management
In securing and executing contract* for a
fireproof construction that has been thorough-
ly established and earning large dividend*.
Address J. X.. box 4257. Call office.
SMALL, but rood paying shoe store; also work-
shop; work enough to employ 2 steady men;
must »<tll rheap. account of returning to Eu-
rope. MATTERN & MOORE. 25 New Mont-
gomery et.
CAPE Nome— We want parties with small cap-
ital who <jesire to go to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars addresa
Manager. C 22 Market, room 1. San Francisco.
MARTIN AKOXSOHX. Notary Public— Office
with A. M. Sneck tc Co.. real estate. eC7 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Third; telephone Main £935; resi-
dence 2103 Geary st.
J5O-CROCERY and delicacy store; will Invoice
$100; rent t!2. 428 Sixth st.
WANTED— Tcunr man handy with tool* a*
partner in poultry bu«lnes»: trood monthly In-
come. Box S7OS. Call office, Oakland.
jjSPO— ONE of the best bakeries In city for sale;
ehep business only. Address box SSS3. Call.
SMALL fruit etore for sale; cheap. 1600 Ml*-
f ion st.
OLD established restaurant for sale; either
half interest or as a whole. Address box 2706,
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Notion and variety store; must be
cheap. Box 26*2. Call office.
ROUTE of m papers en this paper for sale.
Box t. Oakland PcitofCce.
UI'SI.VKSM CHANCES— Continued.
FOR rent— Butcher shop; complete with tools;
fine fixtures; cheap rent;owner will give lea*e>
carts, etc.; sickness cause. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$600— BAKERY: best part of Western Addition:
« living-rooms ; horses; wagons: owner owns
bldg: will give lease. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$550— CORNER saloon doing good business:
near Market St.; full investigation Invited; a
bargain If sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market.
FOR rent— Large basement salcon; line location
downtown: newly fitted up; electric lights.
lew rent: furniture, fixtures end stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
COFFEE and fa routes sut.plled from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements a^^ subscriptions
received at Call branch office. :200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call » d I v ' rt ' E ' me . n J l 5 f." d
rubscriptlons has been established at *09S Va-
lencia tt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 12^! Polk st. : cpen till 9p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, cans and over 150
#%7^Si2Z__?_l
FOR sale— Very good wagon. Apply to I. C.
PERATA. 620 Broadway; call early.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. wk & driving horses. l.Sth and \ alencla.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
»end to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Pteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth »t.: tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson tt.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carp«t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SI'iniTUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Re-veals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see thla
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly conflden-
tl Addre«s or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free. 1
N. B — MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton nation. 23 station from Broadway.
CL.HITvOVAXTS AX D SJMKjrrUALISM.
ATTEXTIOxi m!S7~pT~FABBER. a gifted
lady; most famous In reading tea leaves and
cards: advice confidential. Can be found daily
except Saturday and Sunday at 373 Polk Et.;
r.o uiine. __^^__^____^______^_______ m
DINSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. I\% Eddy.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY. KO4 Market; trance,
test, business medium: life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular; sittingssL
HEALING and developing medium: satisfaction
Guaranteed; readings 2Zc and 50c thta week.
$42 Mission st.
WAFHIXGTOX'S birthday seance to-day, 1
o'clock: 30c. 403 Leavenworth 6t.
MME MORF.AU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRS MEYER. 335 McAllister: tests to all to-
night Fri. and Sat. eve. ; 10c: sittings dally.
CinCLi3 to-day. 2 o'clock sharp; 25c. C. Mayo-
Steers. 11:4 Oak st.; readings fl.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
GO". McAllister st ; 10c; come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME HANSON— Palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
MEDA HOSKIXS. 1423 Mrket.. bet. 10th & 11th;
cir. Tues. 8 p.m.; Thurs. 2 p.m.: 23c: sit dally.
REPPSONSIBLE card reader moved from 1322 to
HIS Mission st.: satisfaction guaranteed.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
et.. 10 a- m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readlncs 23c.
MRS. EREKHAP.PT, spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p m . 10c. 3250 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all: circle Tues.. Fri., 1
p. m.; Hon.. S; 20c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia..
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 2r,c: truth or r.o pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 212!4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
les* ruccessful. Room 210. :'27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose st.,
between Gough and Octavla; 1 blk from Mkt.
COTTAGES of 4 pnd 5 rooms; basement; yard;
stable. Apply at 1576 15th st., near Dolorea.
FOLSOM. 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20.
6-ROOM cctta«fe: 23>4 Morris aye., bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. fith: key next door. N0.23.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van 'Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.; dresses
made, ij up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.pinklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MoCTat.
DENTISTS.
A— DRT~T7~ir^n^G^S r ~dental parlors^ 027
Market St., over Cafe SS'.nkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at> reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from EOc: bHdly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: platen that n.t from
$4 50 up: open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4ih, rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $i: a
full set of teelh on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: ree our flesh-o'.ored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth et.
DP. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crown*. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber cr flexible plate*. $3:- received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of t»eth, $5: gold crowns. $2; nrw
methods In bridge work: fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. W)c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 96:) Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1447 Market st.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
6000 patient*. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, rS3 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fllline*. 25c.
VAX VROOM— "Painless" ; evening* and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental t> — | O rs. Inc.; S graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Pundwv*. S.V» Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'3 Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 60; all
animal* treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THUKSD AT, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
10RAILROAD TRAVEL / •
MOUNT TAMALPfIiS SCENIC. RftILWAY
Leave Ban Francisco via SausaJlto Ferry.
Week days »:30 a. m- and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 1:00. 10:00 a. m. and IMS p.m.
Steam-heated dosed car on all trlans.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
fl <0. ¦ ' ¦ ¦
S^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I62SKEABNTKT. EsUblished
R In ISS4 for the treatment of Private
m Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
Jk disease rearing on body and mind and
B Skin WseasesTVhedoctorcoreawhen
¦ others falL Try htm. Ctmrgw low
a«ur P .yoar»iitfi.d. CallorwrltA
vn «. w aiIBBOIf, Box 1*67. Ban FraacUca '
•124. ¦ FIFTH ¦ RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds 'and upward; purse.' s4oo.
FOREST PARK TRACT. .
Only a Few Minute* From the Station.
.%-Acr* Lots. • >t-Aere I^ota. >i-Acre Lotß.
In a mi Hi final re' a dlFtrict et a workingman's
price; for immediate nale; $4 per front foot up;
two w»fk< only at above r»rlce.
1_ •*• 175 ff^t dnep and any frontage deeired;
nil ntfrwts prad»d; water piped to every lot; In
Fruitvale sanitary dlrtrlct; over 4000 forest and
fruit trees on this tract; a good speculation If
you 6i net want a home; we build to suit you;
title guzfanteed; close to car and transporta-
tion ,!inc&.
J3fX>— Lot CCxl~: TO trees on the property.
jgnft_i>ot ICxl'S; finest soil In Fruitvale;
a-aor»» chicken ranch; chance of a lifetime. •
ljf M /__Oh!rkf>n ranch; house 4 room*; big lot.
- -Tl(*iO— Thi^e 4-room cottages at $14 per month.
Jl2s&— Two 6-room cottagee; $17 per month.
. MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments. •'
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
gen Francisco qfflce>— Boom 2, ground floor, 222
Fansorrje Ft.; afternoons.
Frultvale office— Half block abore Frultvale
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Orchardists Are Busy.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MARTSVIL.L.E. Feb. 21.— The orchards
in Yuba and Sutter counties present busy
scenes at present. The prunine having;
been concluded, spraying and cultivating:
Is the order. Considerable grafting of old
trees to new varieties is being done this
season. Most of the planting just now fo
in the vineyard line. Thompson seedless
grape vines claiming the attention of
many who have the land for them.
Time— U, ;26%: M, '!>2\il %. W7UJ mile, 1:43. Good start. Won easing up, second and third
driving' Winner, Sam Parker's b. h., by'Phoenlx-Glen Hop. Cormorant a wonder In the
mud. Sly quit. Ben Ledl poorly ridden. Scratched— Correct 104, Anchored 104, Colonel Root
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
Time— 3-16 :1S; 7-l«, :43Vi; *Hf. l:10^». Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, I.
Moorehouae'g' b. c.by imp. Bathampton-Belle of Butte. Piggott on winner outjockeyed
Ranch Red Cherry is unfortunate. Formatus improving. Disorderly will do. Coming
Event ' postponed again. Scratched— Dreadnaught 107, Caesar Young 197, Tom Sharkey IW,
March Seven 102.
TO I.BASB.
TO lVa«^Fsniroiriand in c.l district; none but
teen ot means n<->4 apply; one etghth royalty
tfi-»* ¦ Aoewer box 00. Call.
HOOMS papered. tr^Tn *3: whitened. II up.
painting done. H«rt!ti»n Paint Co.. ?1? Third.
SI'BCIAL. \OTICKB.
LADlES— ChicheFtere Engi'.sh Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; «afe, reliable; take no. other;
F«»nd 1c "stamps for particulars. "Relief for
I^sdlw." in letter by return mail; at drug-
rl«t*. Ch!che?t<r Cheanical Co., Philad'l., I J a.
WANTED known— Mß. LEW 11. SCHARER.
¦late of 22 Mason et.. has i*mov«l to Call
huifdJng. tentJi floor, whore h» will continue
to give bar-Rains in watches, diamonds, J<»« -
*'ry, pilvprware. firparms and optical goods;
ea*=h or time payments. Office hour? — 10 to 5.
BAD ter.ar.ts ejected for 14; collections made;
rlty cr ccuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«1E Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. K2B.
. . . Fulton.
T:JO am Windsor.
HealdKburg.
Lytton.
Oeyserville.
I:!) pm S.PO am Cloverdale.
7.30 am; I Hopland and '
I 8:00 am! Ukiah. f 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
10:25 am
7:35 pm 1:22 pm
GENTLEMAN war.ts cheap furnished room;
pr?r*X« family; close In. Box 4:Ci. Call ofSce.
TVANTEP-Txro t:— umifhed" room*. MRS. B.
F. f'KXTEP., 20"! Paclfle »w.. Alam^da.
Leave ,-•
San Francisco. In Effect
¦ " . October U.
Week Sun- 1539.
.Days. days. Destination.
7:39 am! 8:00 am Novato.
1:35 pm l:3*> am Petaluma.
6:10 pm| 5:(H> pm Santa Rosa.
Sun- Week
days. Days.
10:40 amj 8:44 am
8:05 pm;10:IS am,
7:"." pm| 8:22 pm
OTARRELU 742— Flrst-cla*s board and rooms;
!M up: speciaJ rtt'i to Mudents. _^__^
VAN NESF, *44 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable; modern conveniences.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
X^ioTKLTLA^CORMANDfE. B> Eddy; sunny
€•'•*£ sr.-i eir.gle rooms; everything new; fin<t-
c'.si* t*ble ar.l service; hot water in every
room; te!eih"M j>ott»r»TL
KEW family botel: f.rsl-class In all appoint-
ments; eaeellent table; special Inducements to
select people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND
G G Linen, New York
T H Malone. G Rapids
Mrs S Burns, Omaha
Mrs J Reed Council- Bf
F T Hemer, Chicago
W A Morehouse. N V
D C Roberts. Talo Alto
H L Roberts. Palo Alt
J T Mulgrew, Skaggs S
G B Graham. Fresno
Dr J Cools. Gilroy
W H Gregory. Winters
W S Berrj'. Visalia
J F Green, Seattle
L J Evans, wf. Napa
L A Srltzer. S Jose
Dr Frank, wf, Belvede
Dr J H Barr, Marysvl
A J Maben, Maosvllle
J E Taylor, Gwlnomen
G N Duncan, wf, L A
R J Kerr. wf. Chgo
A Anderson. Suisun
Mrs A Anderson, do
J C Rodeers. Kan City
C B Scott. Fenton
J Finn, Duluth
G Pacheco, wf, Ignaelo
John Hawley, Vancouv
Gpo Hogan, N V
L Landers, wf. Lincoln
O Jacobs. Sacto
W E Scott, Ptttsburg
Sen Brown, dr, N*V C
A J Larson, wf P-eclam
S Rudce, Uklah
Mack Davis. S Jope
A W Maltby, wf. Conld
C Moltzner.wf, Ft Hog
G B Wa) bridge,
Mrs V R Alken, Decoto
HOTEL.
C Barton, wf, retain
W F ltiKal«. Naoa
F H Reddleberger. Cl»
G Martin. Calumet
A Ruppe, Calumet, Mch
E F Fortner. wf. Cal
D A Ostraven, Ostran
Mrs Eliot, Stockton
J G Lund, wf, Canby
W S Gre*>n. wf. Colusa
U r II Whltford. Morris
J W Anderson. Wms
J H Heltman. wf. Sac
N E Pettla. wf. Alara
H G Wilson. Vaucouvr
J T McLaren. N V
W L Cole, Cal
A J Knight, wf. Sleson
C E Glldden, Ucton
A C White, Stockton
Mrs H Leavltt, Gs Vly
J B Richardson. Sulsn
J McCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden. do
J A Tllton. St John
Ft W McGarvle. Cal
W H Orejron'. Winters
J W Mahony.N Wstmr
M Phillip*, N Wstmstr
R Whlpple, wf. Decoto
Mrs J R Alken. do
Miss Z WhlpDle. do
Dr J Clark. Gilroy
II Eschentny, Gilroy
! WH Mason. Salinas
REG Thomas, N V
B M Oood, New York
3 J Hesßeman, wf, Oak
W F Cook, San Luis O
J Bonner, Fresno
PALACE., HOJEL.
J-K- Peyton. Bookane .
H Werthelmer. Chicago
J \V Kuhns. N M
M D Joseph, Mass •
C Meyer?, NY
A O Gassen, Los Ang
C A Sheets, San Jose
Mm T Sheets. Sn Jose
R Belcher, Marys?Ule'
E A Klein &w. X V
R X Maynard, Chicago
A F Gallum. Mllwauk
Dr Stltt & w, Vacavlll
E Hutchison. Yreka.
W Kldston & w, Cal
C A Carnes, Chicago
P Slronl, * Berkeley!
M Harris. Chicago
J H Slegel. New York
V O Hammon, Chicago
L A Hutchison. Neb i
W Wart. Stanford ',
I A R Rojrer, Jilnn
,MiFs W Ta>ior. Stanfd
A H Pa»f<» & w. Denver
C A Downing & w. Cal
Miss Downing, Cal
Dr XV S Taylor, Cal
Mrs F McLauKhlin, Cal
R M Cox. Madera
,T Hlnton. New York
D B R Vt'ard. U S N
.1 A Dougherty. S Jose
E C Klauber. Chicago
H Cronpmeyer & w.NY
H H Weflkley & w, O
Mrs T P Gaddes. O
F W Whltlock, Londn
J M Fcott, Plttsburc
R N Baxter. Bath
J A Fail-child. J> Ang
R B Friend. Oakland
XV W I^ayman, Stanfrd
It L Smith. Los AnK
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
I MrAlpine, Canada
W M Livermore, Cal
J Fursey, Portland
I Branch, Tahoe
L F Strlcklln, Salem
H C Kckhoff. Fresno
I XV Martin & w. Cal
E P McPhllmey. Tesla
r B Keller, N V
W Chalker. Suisun !
3 A Bryan, Los Any I
C Miller, Salem
D A IXanchard, lowa
5 H Blanchard, lowa
Miss A Blanchard. la
Mis* N E Rail. lowa
S C Hamlln & fam.
Minn
? Fricts, Detroit
A Jackson, Alaska
W Dawson, S Jose
MISSION. 14X- Front and back parlors; also
single room; suitable for 2 gentlemen; nicely
furotebed and reasonable.
OAK. 119—1 large surir.y rocra with closet; fur-
nished for light housekeeping; %%.
FRANKLIN. ll (Newport House>— 6unny rooms;
bay windows: run. water: gas; II t"^ to J2 W.
FILLMORE. 1545. cor. Bush— Larre frcnt room.
furnished or unfurnished ; gent preferred.
FOLSOM. 75J— I-arpe room, fireplace: house-
keeping end single rooms; sunny; reasonable.
FOLSOM. J£s. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furr.ished rooms; suites or single; new mrmt.
Third race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward.
769 F. W. Brode... 99! 80S Zoroaster 11l
(815) Geyser 116; .
Fourth race — One mile, and a quarter; four
year-olds and upward.
593 Kastalne 103 (S23)None Such 109
67» Greyhurst 109 (787) Tempo 11?
804 Tom Cromwell. .ll2 (SlS)Don Quixote 109
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-oMs su*.3 up
ward; selling;.
Sl9 Sunello 93! 819 Jolly Briton SI
821 Jockey -8i11... ...105 81« Tom Calvert 107
737 Nairce 0"Ne11.... 791 801 Correct 94
75* Miss Soak M| ...' Norblleh 101
789 Caesar Young;... 84 W0 Red Cherry 79
125 Katie Gibbons.. 94,
Sixth race— One mile and a quarter; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
73J p F 109 778 Col. Root 109
815 Dr. Marks ...i.109. 1 82S Inverary n ....109
79« Rapido 109 i «55 University 10»
(So3)Lomo 1»*
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Artena, On Time. Maldonado.
Second race— Wyoming, Captive. Pin».
Third race— Geyser Zoroaster. F. W. Brode.
Fourth race— Tempo, Greyhurst. None Such.
Fifth race— Sunello, Nance CNeIU Norbtleh.
Sixth race— Dr. Marks, Lomo, CoL Root
Fnrn. and Lnfurn.
A^ BRU^ SWlCK^°^si7~i4T~iixti^Ro^s
BcHba *1 p*r night; Jl 25 to »i p«r week, and
l'.gT-.t housek»et»ir.g; open all night.
FIRST BALE OF THE SEASON.
WILLIAM J. DINOEB,
902 Broadway, Oakland;
Mill* Building, (Room 16, Second Floor). San
Francisco.
Special Credit Sale of Real Efctats
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
SATURDAY, MARCH », 1900, AT I P. M.
At Salesroom. SOS Broadway. Oakland.
A Wa*hlngton-st. Business Corner— 7sx7s;
first-class location for manufacturer or whole-
saler; one-third cash, balance on mortgage to
bank at S per cent. \
Twelfth-avenue Cottage— Choice cottage on
Twelfth aye.. between East Fifteenth and Eaat
Sixteenth st*.; lot 81:3x100; < rooms and bath;
terms to suit; bonk eale.
Tentb-ave. Lot— 7sxloo; East Tenth aye.,' 75
feet south of East Sixteenth et.. opposite
Franklin School; bank mortgage JSSO at 8 per
cent, balance cash.
Twelfth-aye. Lot— S7so square feet; equal in
area to several lots; west side of Twelfth aye.,
north of East Twenty-fourth st.: street work
all done; a rare chance; terms easy.
Thirty-third-st. Lot— 60x100; north side of
Thirty-third et., 257 feet west of Grove; street
work all done; eaey terms; one-third caah.
Thirty-thlrd-et Lota. Elx choice lots; 40
Weft-st Lots. to BO feet frontage In
Market-st. Lots. block facing Thirty-
third st.. Market st. and West St.; street work
all done; one-third cash, balance In 12 or IS
months.
West and Twenty-second st. Corner— 6oxloo;
northeast corner West and Twenty-second at*.;
street work all done; one-third cash, one-third
in 12 or 18 months.
Peralta-st. Cottage— No. 1J«1 Peralta et.. near
Sixteenth: 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; first-
class order: must be sold; terms can be ar-
<-ansed to suit.
Piedmont Lots— Four choice lots on Oakland
aye.. corner of Morrison place: surrounded by
fine homes: 40x100; terms $100 cash down per
lot, balance in 11 and IS months.
Fruitvale Lot— l2oxl2s; northeast corner of
Redwood are., about to be macadamised at ex-
pense of county: fine for suburban residence or
ptore; sale peremptory; terms one-third cash,
balance In 12 and 18 months.
East Fourteenth St.— Corner of Fourteenth
aye. or Commerce: has a fine future; 65 feet
frontage on main thoroughfare; sale peremp-
tory; one-third cash, balance 19 months.
Remember the Day of Sale:
SATURDAY. MARCH ID, AT I O'CLOCK
p. m., at EaJeeroom. Carriages at office to
show properties.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to
¦WTLLtAM J. DINOEEV
903 Broadway, Oakland;
Room IS, Becond Floor, Mills Building, S«A
Francisoo,
iocTnr.c.l rxcttttv t wjirA.m. ¦
(rAcirio svsrcM.)
TntuM !*»*«• nml art «la« «e> «rrl »• at
NAN FIM.II'IM'O.
(Main line, Foot of Market Street) : *
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
'(Successors to Flannagan * Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBA.LMEBV,
M i Fifth St.. T opposite Lincoln . School,
Telephone SoutH M. ',
82S. SIXTH RACE— Sexen furlongs; mares; four-year-olds and' upward; pursw. $400.
FCIITVALE It CAL GSTATB.
MABB.IAQE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Henry Delmarine, 30. Petaluma. and Romllda
O. Maggetti. 30. 2828 Sacramento street.
James Damianovlch. 37, Sacramento, and- Ella
Gallagher, 23. 631 Minna street. •
William J. Fleming, 23, 3700 Twenty-eeoond
street, and Mary M. Lockie, 25. Vacaville
August F. Fiadler, 42, city, and Helene Buch-
ho!«, 25, city. •
Herbert A. Towle, 31, city, and Matilda A.
Braver, 50. city.
Charles F. Steele, 22, city, and Augusta F
Biechoff. 19. city.
Samuel B. Shores, 23. city, and Barah May
21. Oakland. - '
Roland H. Merrltt, 34, city, and Bertie Bai-
ley, 27, city.
Olof Eriksen. 34, 25 Filbert street, and Hulda
C. Johnson, 12 925 Harrison street.
William H. Boiler. 28, 311S Pierce street and
Man' E. Costello, 24, 2559 Greenwich street
• Vernon R. Post. 22, Redlands, and Llllle
Raine, 25, 646 Laguna street.
John J. Derby, 22, 442 Brannan street, and
Lizzie Redmond, 19, 14 Rlneon avenue.
John W. Rliey.-SL 612 Minna, street. an«
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
| I--.. r*-* Via saa3allto Ferry.
.-- Commencing October 1. IS».'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAT&-*»:C0. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.: "1:45,
•3:40. 3:13. S: r :9. t:M d. m.
KSCTRA TRIPB— For Mill Valley snd San R*»
fael. on Mendays. Wednesdays and Saturdays*
at *•£+ and 11:30 t>. m.
BTJNDAT»- # B^o, »10:0O, ni:M a. m.; 1:1\
I;1S, *4:43. l:ao. S:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to Can Qnenttn.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT3-«:J;. ••:». 7:45. »9:4« •. m.J
•U:M. t:ll. »3:4», »8:1J p. m.
EXTRA. TRrpg en Mondays. Wednesdays anel
Satardays at *:4t> and 10:13 p. m.
BUNDATS— «:!t). •8:00. 10:00, »t1:43 a. m.|
•1:48. *3:15. 4:a. H:*> p. m.
Trains marked «•) start from 9»n Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAY9-»:45. «:45. 13i. »:4i ». a.|
12:55. UIJ. 3:45. *:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10:20 D. m.
SUNDAYS— I:OB. ld:05 a. m.; 13:65. 1:10. I:U|,
lrt». 1:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
f .-Ofl a- m. week days— Caeadero and waystatton^
1:44 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way stattuns,
1:00 a. m. Sundays— ToaoaJcs and war ataUo^«*
Time— % :2<ftt: U. :52',4: %• 1:18^4; mile. 1:47)4. Good utart. Won easily, second and third drlv
tng. Winner, M. J. McCune's b, %., by Keyser-Edlth R. None Such th« best of a poorlot.
Boot Wants a Fight.
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— L, M. Houseman,
manager of Jack Root, to-day issued a
sweeping challenge In which he agrees to
back Root against any middleweight In
the world. Kid McCoy or Tommy Ryan
preferred, for any part of $5000.
SIS.GC— Jt'ST firj!»hing; an elerant. latest style,
modern cottage. C rooms; large hall; porce-
lain bath- tiled eink; tinted walls; lot 40x100;
on fine, finished etreet; 1 block to electric
cars- close to station, schools, churches,
¦ ttores, etc.; easy terms. H. V. IRWIN.
X3T&— A SnXp; look at this bargain; lot 40x100;
ctrn-t woilc done; fine lot within 1 block of
Ahfcby etation; Jurt the place to build on.
Lorin Bta.tlo'n.
OAKLAND Branch Office cf The Call re-
moved to 113? Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tiTpnu'jito nnd F!jb»"rlptifif!« received.
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cov.victixo Trali Leaves Saw Fhaxcisco?
5 P.n. Menday, Wednesday, Friday and
sature'ay. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n la time to connect with all limited
trains lor New York. ; . .- .
OVERLAND leaves San Francisco at 5:39
f ynnpec p- m. with Palace and Tnun-u
C3iT9 * or Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains oetween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tnlaro n A . n
and BakersfieM. KUAO
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
TDHl**O SOON Market Street, Phone Maia
TKIdIU aUUPi 1531 . Oal(Un<l> ni3 Broad.
war; Sacramen > .0,201 J Street; Saa Jose, 1 We»t
Santa Clara Street.
jXSnft-^.ROCrM house; corner lot t0xl«; $200
e**h, balance t:2 per month. W. C. MORAN.
tyo WILL buy a 3-room cottage In good order;
fine weil and pump; all sewered; JJO cash,
fcalar.ee «S &er mocth. W. C. MORAN.
TI2CO—E ROOMS and bath; large lot. chicken-
hcuse. barn, fruit trees; 2 blocks to Berkeley
loca.l '•* block to electric cars; $250 cash, bal-
a*j£-l& »er month. W. C. MORAN. Lorln
etation, Berkeley.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 2S, 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. February 14,
1900. and then opened, for construction of
power-house, elpctrical machinery, heating
system. Ice machine and cold storage, filter
plant, kitchen and laundry machinery, etc.,
for U. S. Gen-ra! Hospital at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whele or
in part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (Including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Ccast. to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on' ap-
plication to J. M MARSHALL. Deputy Quar-
termaster Oeneral, Chief Q. M.
SEALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Llghthrai** Engineer. Pan Fran-
cisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m.. March 22.
l»00. and thm op«»n»d, for furnishing all the
material and labor neceritary for the com-
plete construction of a light and fog signal
station at Point Arguello, Cal.. in accordance
with specifications, copies of which, with
blank propopals and other Information, may
b* had upon application to CHARLES E. L.
, B. DAVIS. Major, Corps of Engineers, U.
8. A.
Tournament of Marksmen.
GARDEN CITY, I* 1., Feb. a.— The con
test for the amateur pigeon shooting
championship of 1900 began here to-day,
and will be brought to a conclusion to
morrow. At the conclusion of the fiftieth
round the shoot was postponed until to
morrow. Following are the scores: Brad
ley, 60; Duryea, 47; "Wefch. 47; Elliott.
Klrkoyer and C. A. Painter. 46- G. E.
Painter. Roberts, Stanley and Scott, 43
each; Money, 42.
*b&— 350 CAEH. balance JlO per month, will buy
a 4-rocra cottage: corner lot 40x100; near sta-
tion. W. C. MORAN.
11200— NEW 6-rooxn house; lot 47x13;; JICO cash,
balar.ee t!6 pet month. W. C. MORAN.
fISOO— NEW 6-room cottage; lot 40x100; street
„»,.,- graded and macadamized: 2 blocks
to local and 1 block to electric cars; fine
rr.antel porcelain bath tub, tiled sink; cheap
at T22SO: $200 c&sh. balance on time. W. C.
MORAN.
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
tXK>— SIX rooms and bath; flower garden, fruit
trees and b*rry vines: near station and elec-
tric cars; smalt payment down, balance same
aY rent. W. C. MORAN.
California limited
Santa Fe Route
MERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of flee, 401 Poet ft., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
6TOH.AUI2 AAD UAREUUISES.
P.ENTED. repaired, bought, scld; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 14S 6th: phone Mint 4i.
ALL kinds boueht. sold, exchanged, rented: re-
. paJrtna: at lowest r»tf>. ?0S Fourth ft.
SEWIXff MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Team From Shasta County Will Play
Against an Oakland Eleven
To-Day.
An association football match will be
played to-day on the Presidio athletic
grounds between the Oaklariders and an
eleven from Keawick. Shasta County. The
latter are young men In the employ of the.
Mountain Copper Company. The kick-off
will be at 2:30 p. m. The> teams will line
up as follows: # ,
Oakland. rositlon. ; Kerwick.
lxj n Ooalkeeper Robert 9
Yon Helm Back Donald
Bradley Back Connolly
Warren Halfback....* Rose
Chambers Halfback i.. Bride*
Arton -• Halfback Campbell
Bennett Forward Peacocke
Morse ....Forward Mudd
Erskine Center Wyndham
Bird Forward ? Jenkins
Lamont Forward Coles
"W. L. Cole Llneiman Ar,lett
On Saturday afternoon at the same
place the visitors will try conclusions
with the Vampire Association football
team of San Francisco, which paid a visit
to Shasta County last Thanksgrtvingr day,
and was defeated by the home team after
a hard game. The Keswick team visited
San Francisco for the first time in, Janu
ary. IS9B, when they played a tie match
with the Vampires.. In February. 1899,
thejf again visited this city, and were de
feated by the Vampires. The Vampires
have twice visited Shasta County, on.
Thankspivlng day, IS9S, and 1899. the Vam
pires winnine the first match and the
Keswick men the second.
ROOMS -WASTED.
Arrive
San Francisco.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market st.— Suite of i or I
iirif : private: bath: sin. rms.: hoard optional.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
frar.ily furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sln-
srie; with or without board; table first-class;
reduced rates. *
A *?E DUTIFUL «unny suite with board; also
rirgle room*; convenient Sacramento. Hyde
<-r Jackson etreet lire; private family. 1308
jT.es st.
A J, RANCH offtre fee the reception of adver-
tisem«T.ts and Fubscrlptions ha 3 been opened
n ;rcs Pr.'.k ft.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offioe for Call advertisements and
fubrcriptlor-s ha* tx^n established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky * ts. : open until S p. m.
WILLOW aye.. 6DO, near Buchanan— 2 eunny
ne»'.y furr.ished rooms ; private family.
WE RENT ROOMS ~-~+-
CTTY RENTING CO.. C 32 Market st.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A jrood rooming hoys*
for gocd people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
ST. PETER'S House. 705 California— Changed
hand*; nicely furnifhed rooms; also house-
keeping rtxms.
SHERMAN Apartment Houee, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished aad unfurnished.
IiOSEDALE House. 313 St 321 ETlls St.— Rooms
right. 2£c to Jl; week, tl 25 to 14; open night.
ROYAL House. ir« Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
reading room. «ncklr.g room and ladies' par-
lor; rccma. per night. 85c to Jl 60; week, tl to
SS: month, ts to t .'¦'¦: elevator en office floor;
loom* with hot and cold water; baths.
OTARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk., mo.
POST, 621— Two small rooms, furnished. X each
per month; Protestant Christians; neither
drink nor saicke In the house.
ON THE GOLF LINKS.
Tournament at Burlingame and Amfl-
teur Contests at Presidio and
San Rafael.
The principal local golfing event to-day
will be the professional tournament on the
Burlingame Country Club links. The con
test will be over thirty-six holes, medal
play, and will begin at 10 o'clock in tho
morning. There will be three money
prizes— first. $75; second, 145, and third, $20.
As T. TV. Tetley will have to take- charge
of the tournament at San Rafael th» pro
fessionals who will take part will b« Wil
lie Anderson, Horace Rawllns, David Ste
phenson and James Melville. Tho Bur
lingame links have been put in ord»r
for the tournament and a most Interest
ing contest is expected.
The pemi-final round of the second com
petition for the Council's cup, for men,
will be held on the links of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club to-day, play beginning at
10 in the morning. R. H. Gaytord is drawn
against A. C. Blngham and 6. L. Abbot
Jr. against E. J. McCutchen. The contest
will be over eighteen holes, match play.
The two winners will play in the final
round this afternoon. There will also b«
a handicap tournament over eighteen
holes, medal play, open to all members
except the two in the final round of the
Council's cup competition.
On the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club there will be an eighteen hole handi
cap, for men, for which the following en
tries have been made: S. H. Boardman,
R. Gilman Brown,' A. A- Curtis, R. J.
Davis. Prescott Ely. M. L. Gerstle, W. J.
Geretle, F. H. Green, E. I* Griffith. George
Heazelton, Dr. H. O. Howitt. Georgo M.
Pinckard. C. P. Pomeroy, Lieutenant T.
G. Roberts. Baron yon Schxoeder, Baron
Alex yon Schroeder. H. P. Sonntag and
R. VST. Tompkins. For the ladies' eighteen
hole handicap the following entries have
been made: Airs. R. Gilman Brown, Mrs.
J. T. Burke, Mrs. J. J. Crooks, Mrs. A. A.
Curtis, Mrs. Denis Donohoe, Mrs, M. I*
Gerstle, Mrs. W. J. Gerstle. Mrs. F. K.
Green, Miss Alice Hoffman. Mrs. F. L.
Johnson and Mrs. C. P. Pomeroy. Miss
Alice Hoffman Is a member of the San
Francisco Golf Club, all- the others belnff
members of the San Rafael Golf Club.
Miss Alice Hoffman has been playing In
puch good form lately on the Presidio
links that she is likely to make a low
score over the San Rafael course to-day.
The full eighteen hole course, the only
one in Northern California, will be used
to-day for the first time in a regular
competition. Luncheon will be served In
the clubhouse and a band will enliven the
proceedings.
On the links of the Los Angeles Country
Club the qualifying round over thirty-six
holes, medal play, for the men's atndteur
championship of Southern California, will
take place to-day. The competition is open
to members of associate or allied clubs
of the Southern California Golf Associa
tion. The sixteen players making tha
lowest scores will be entitled to enter the
first round of the contest, which will be
at match play. The- competition will bo
continued to-morrow and on Saturday.
CtIST Dm 3103 (sarrarr Gaage}.
(Foot ct Market Street)
MISSION — €53 — Nice runny rooms, suitable for
couple cr two gentlemen; also housekeeping*
rooms.
MINNA. 6t7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-wladow room, tl per week; transient.
XiOWARD. S23— Clean, recpectablt; 2Sc-U per
night; fl-33 per week: Howard cars to door.
PASADENA WILL SHORTLY
HOLD A CHARTER ELECTION
City Council Resolves to Present the
Matter to the Electors In th©
Near Future.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, FEB. 21.— The City Coun
cil took a very important and popular
step yesterday when it resolved that lt is
the Intention of the Board of Trustees
of the. city of Pasadena to take such pro
ceedings as shall result. in submitting to
the electors of the city of Pasadena at
an early date the matter of electing Free
holders for the purpose of framing a
proposed charter for the city.
The matter has been urgently pre
sented to the Council and to the indi
vidual members for a long time by the
Board of Trade and by all other organi
zations of the city. The present charter,
which is of the sixth class, is wholly
inadequate to the requirements of a city
of this size.
The Council also decided that the ac
quisition and operation of a municipal
water plant was a public necessity and
declared its intention of submitting a
bond issue to a vote in th© near fu
ture. The City Engineer was instructed
to prepare plans and estimate of the cost
of establishing such a system.
New Orleans Winners.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. tL— Trouballne
was the only winning favortta to-day.
The track was slow. Results:
Sev«n furlongs— Trebor won, £}wordsm*Ji •ee
ond. Era. Wilson third. Time. I:3tt4-
Two-year-olds, half mile— Bt. Marcos won,
Zack Ford seoond, Ben M&gen third. Time. :51-
Haadlcap. steeplechase, short course— Ja<dc
Hayes won. Phil Becker second. Cheaier third.
Time. 8:M.
Handicap, mile and a Quarter— Sydney Luces
won. Donna Rita second. Blltheful third. Time,
2:11%. •
Selling, six furlongs— Trouballne won. Zaza
second. Flylotta third. Time, 1:13.
Selling, one mile-Caviar won. Right Bower
second, Lomond third. Time. 1:45H-
GEARY. 401 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rocms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
HAIGHT, 100 — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms e'.ngle cr «n 6ulte.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rocmirK house; tl 60 to %$ per week.
HATIRISON. 7J4. nr 4th— Finely fmabd. rms.;
1..-' ail conveniences; homelike; fl wk. up.
HAVES. 136. cor. Van Ness aye.— Two sunny
unfurnished rocrss. .
S*S EDDY, near Van Nee* a\-e.— Two newly
furn'.ahed and one unfurnished room to let.
For particulars caJI mornings.
CARP.OLLTON, 12C* Market, cor. Golden Gate
• ye.— Bunny corner; well fnrn.; rms. & offices.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
BURNETT. 142s ilarket st. (old No. 13(4)— FuT-
fc»«hfd rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Laura A. Ernst, 2S, 117 Ripley street.
Henry L. Bettmann, 33, San Jose, and Lillian
K. Strehl, 33, city.
Johan R. Barlund, 29. city, and Anna John-
son. 38. city.
Adolph Olivie, 29, 9 Pratt place, and Marie
Rouser. 19, 9 Pratt place.
Columbus D. Banta, 24, Callstoga, and Bertha
B. Jones, 23, Callstoga. •
Henry F. McGurren, 22, city, and Norlne
Jennings, 22. city. •
ACROBATIC
POTENTE IS
FIRST AGAIN
Laughs at Harry Thoburn
This Trip— Favorites Lose
at Tanforan.
On Monday lajt when Hard Knot was
played by a chosen few for a good thing
Potente, ridden by "Tardy" Walßh. had
not the speed of a belated jelly doughnut,
being badly beaten for the place by Harry
Thoburh. Yesterday at Tanforan, over
the same sort of a track, he made Tho
burn seek his corner long before the gong
sounded. ¦ They . came together again in
the six furlong handicap, for which Cor
ligan's St. Caaimir went to the post
favorite. The latter showed to be a
"dog" ot the flrat water, for, with W
pounds up he never looked dangerous.
Potente,' which, coupled with Dr. Shep
pard, receded in the betting from 2 to
16 to 5, actually rolled in first with his
stable mate second, a neck before Harry
Thoburn. This startling reversal caused
little comment as . they have become of
such frequent occurrence at the San
Mateo course.
The track was in a slushy, condition and
but two choices reached the wire in front.
Tuesday's card was such a disgustingly
bad one that it had a tendency to 4;eop
the attendance down. The betting was
also sluggish.
Willie Sink's filly, Isaline, a lukewarm
choice, met defeat by a nose in the ODen
ing five and a half furlong run. In a
long, hard drive witn the third choice,
Beautiful Bill, Plggott outrode little
Ranch the last part, earning the verdiot.
Red Cherry finished a good third.
In the mile purse run, Sam Parker's
Cormorant showed to be a mud- horse of
the most pronounced type. Equal favor
ite-in the betting with Sly, the Eastern
horse headed the Hanlon entry before half
Ihe distance had been traversed, winning
in a romp. Ben Ledi was led out a head
for the show by Charles Le Bel.
An awful ragged looking batch of
"canines" contested for the third purse
at a mile, decided under selling condition*.
Orion looked to be about the woVst. So
the looks made him an 8 to 5 favorite.
Doss* horse led to the stretch, where Nona
Such, a 6 to 1 outsider, took the first po
sition, beating the favorite in a walk. Joe
Mussle, a well backed one, made no show
ing whatever. - "
Lavator, always a good horse in the
mud, captured the seven furlong run, like
a real good one. His odds floated back
from 8 to 5 to 13 to 5, but it was not a case
of the "reverse English." for he won
hands down from Montallade. Mary Kin
sella, played to 11 to 5 favoritism, seemed
pleased to get the show.
There actually seemed nothing to the
last race but Loving Cup. and outclassing
her field shoes to plate, the mare won as
she liked. Two to 5 was the best obtain
able about her at post time, and Henry
had her in his lap at the finish, a length
in front of Katie Gibbons.
Track Notes.
If the track is in fast condition, Geyser
and Yellowtail will meet aprain at Tan
foranon Saturday, at six furlongs. The
conditions call for a weight for age race,
Yellowtall carrying 107 pounds, to 119 on
the Corripran horse.
Handicapper Brooks yesterday an
nounced the weights for the big events on
Monday, the opening day at Oakland,
which are as follows:
The Gunst Handicap, purse $1500— A handicap
for two-year-olds and upward. Winners of
other than a celling purse after (Wednesday,
February 21) the weights are announced to
carry five pounds entra. To be run Monday.
February 26, 1900. Mile and a sixteenth:
Bendoran ISO Tar Hill 104
Dr. Sheppard 122 Pat Morrls«y 104
Arbaces 121 InsUllator 102
Timemaker iIS Bit of Fashion 101
Rulnart 113 storm King 100
Salvable 116 Uarda 100
What-er-Lou 11« Norford 100
Buckwa 116 Fiamora. 100
Advance Guard U<* Obsidian 100
Rosormonde • 114 Imperious 100
Vfntoro Hi Alleviate 98
Yellowtall 112 Gauntlet 98
Topmast 112 Monrovia 97
g<»a Lion. 112 Flower of Gold 97
Sam McKeever 112 Mortgage 92
Olinthus lHJßedwald 92
May W..... 110 Florabird J2
David Tenny..... 110 St. Cuthbert 92
Rddie Jones 103 Schiller *0
Formero 109 Limerick 90
Patouma HH Princess Zeika. 90
First Tenor...* ..108 Bee Bee 9'">
Meadowthorpe WSiConßtellator 83
Moiinel 107 Beautiful Bill 83
Napamax 107 Favorito 85
Plan ..100 Silvertail 83
Weight must be accepted by 11 a. m., Satur
day ¦ February 24. Owners can remain In this
race until 10 a. m. the day r>f the race free.
After that time they are liable for the starting
fee
The weights for the Burns Handicap will be
posted after the finish of the above race.
To-Day's Entries.
Ftst race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
814 On Time .110j 814 Countess Clara.. llo
814 Briton 110: 814 Artena '.110
Sl4 Follow Me 113 ... Maldonado lIS
Second race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward. • ¦
792 Lady Britannic. 991 Sl2 White Fern 1M
812 Wyoming 101; 812 Perseus 101
7SI Tappan 109 (79fi)Plng 101
(7S»)Schreiber 101 812 Castake 101
654 Weller '. 103 (812) Espionage ..103
(811)Captlve 10S Sl2 Facade 9S
(797)Choteau 981
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
BTEIGER— In this city, February 21, 1900, Emll
R., youngest and beloved son of J. George
and Bertha Steiger, and brother of Bertha.
George, • Llsale, Alvina ana Emma Stelerer, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 months and
23 days. ;
THURMAN— In this city, February 20, 1900,
Catherine C. Thurman, beloved mother of E.
W. and J. B. Thurman and' Mrs.' K." D. Far-
land, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 77
years 1 month and 19 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 :20 o'clock, ¦ from St. Boni-
face Church. Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated Friday morning, February 23. 1900,
at 8 o'clock, for the repose of her, soul. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.*.
WENSINGER— A requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of F. 8. Wen-
ninger to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock, -at St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue.
WOEBCKE— In this city. February :20 1900,
John W. C. Woebcke, beloved son of John and
Johanna Woebcke. and brother of Lizzie
Woebcke- » native of San Francisco; aged' 8
months and 13 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 9 Cohen place. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. ¦
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 85. T, M. I.— The
annual requiem mass for the repose of the
souls of all departed brothers .of the Young
Men's Institute will be celebrated this (Thurs-
day) morning, February 22, at St. Mary's
Church (Paulist). beginning at U) o'clock. Rel-
atives and friends of deceased members are
respectfully Invited to be present. Sermon by
Rev. P. J. MacCorry, C. S. P.
E. B. THOMAS. Pres.
C. L. EBNER. Sec.
OFFICE— IIIB . BROADWAY.
Lbatb — Froh Dccxxßca 13, 1333. — AR»rr»
A--THE ELMER HOUSE." CJ4 Bush St. ad-
jcln'.ng the Ruts Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
ANTONIO. 16, off Jor.e-.. bet. Ellis and O'Far-
reii— 2 large unlarnlFhed rooms.
BOHEMIA. t3S Port. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and 6inc'.e rooms; hot and cold
¦water; eievator and all conveniences.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SHEMANSKI— In this city, to the wife of L
Shemanskl, a son. . •" ... .
MARRIED. *
EARL— BARNABY— In this city, February 2L
1900, at the Mlzpah Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. F. A. Doane. Guy R. Earl and Laura
Barnaby, both of San Francisco.
INQALSBE— YOUNG— In this city. February
30, 1800, by the Rev. Robert Mackenzie, Stan-
ley M. Int-alsbe and Ada T. Young.
*7iO4Ja Benida, Suisun, Eltaira. YaeaTdet
BmnaeyanU Sacramento ; »7:I3»
*7i4>*a SfcAsta Krprm— Dat'.*, Willows,
Be<l Bluft Portland *7i413»
*7>3«a Maitinex. Ban ll.inion. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistcga ami Santa Eosa •OilSf
*S:3Oa The OrerlandLimited— Ogden. Den*
»er. Omaha. Chicago *3i(3y
•••*» a Ssn Jose, LiTensore. fUockUw.
lone. Haerwnento, ftocerrlUe,
M*ry"!:!<\ Chico. Ued Ulull MiMa>
•Bt»4H •Milton, Oaidalo and Honor* # 4il3r
•»t«4»A Hnyirartls. Nilcs and Way Stations. «1 1*43*
•*sOOa Datia, Woodland. Knlthi* Landing.
MaxysTille, UroTflJe.. *7i43»
•••••a AUantia V.i?Tst+-<Jgden a.ad East "11:43*
*0i«O a Martinez, Truer. LaUirop. Stockton,
Mero-d *ad tf'cuo. •13i13y
••t««A Pert Cast*. t"r«co. Uojare aod Los
Augelfs. # «j43f
•1 0:«t> a Vsilejo, Martinex aad Way Stations *0: IT"
•II ioO a UiTvaxds, KUca aril Way Stations. '2: 1 .1 »
•l*t4M»x Sues, Llrermore, Stockton, iiacn-
Mento, McndoU, ilanford, Vlsalia, - >-'
Forterrllle MtlM
f It4)«p Baersmento i:Uer.Bke«m«s I*jO«#
•i>4>4>r Haywaida. NUea and W*» Btatlona. •.^H3»
*4b**r Mutinex, Sao lUmoii. TaUaJow
- - Napa. Canstoo. Baota ßc«» »1».13*
•4i«4>p Benlcia. Yaea?Ule. Sa«ram«nto,
Wooulaml. Knlvbts LandJof.
Marrsfille, Orofill-. •l«:«3»
MiMyKUes, Ban Jose and Stockton *7al3r
•Si«4rrTa« Owl limited-Tracy. Fresno.
Bakexsfleld. t)aii jus fox aaat* Baa»
ban.Loa Aocelea.... «10il3*
eV>'**f Snoaei Lire 1 t*d— Ll Vato. sr» Or-
leans and Eiit «I«>4S*,
•3i»«p BtocktCM. Meieed. Fxetno. •12U3«
*BiS*p Fresno. lJakersflsld. Bant» Barharm,
Los As geles, Deain& £1 Puo,
New Orleans snd East *9i4Sa
•Oiltt Banta Fe ICoutq — Allastlo Eipreas
forMoUre and East -OiM*
•« i • 0 r H» j wxrd\ Biles and San Jose *7>4 » a
t«i3op Va11ej0...., •13i13#
•<It3O r Oriental Mat!— Orion snd [Kart.,... *9ia*y
17iOOr Valle]o. Porl Costa and Way Sta-
tions. 1».33#
••••8r Oregon and Calif oral* Uzrrcaa.t)ao-
ramento, Maryirtlle. Itaddlnf.
Portlmi.t. Phsb* Hound ami !*¦»»> *«tl3^
•ftxia*. wr»uh,Oenter»Qle,Biaw r»uh,Oenter»Qle,8ia Jose, Jeltoa,
Boulder Gtee k . sUa t a Cms and W" » j
Stations , *4>S«*
Mil Sr Newark, Contenrtilc. Sao Jose, Now
Abnaden. Felton. Itoalder Crrefc
Bant* Cro* aad Principal Way
Buttons t»*>*««
MilSr 54nrark. Ban Jose, Los Gatoa *«i3«a
|lli!3r Hnnters* Excursion, Baa Jose mad
W>y Stations..... f7' aft »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
masiiriiscisco— rMt «r »uut sut«t<sUf t>—
•7:11 »C 0 ll:00l.tf. 3149 *2.33 13:09
•|:C9 ' 13:C3 ¦•l.tofM.
frimOmua— rJolorßraai"«T.— "fl;oo 8:60 10:00*. «.
112:00 '1:03 12:C3 »»:C> ti:C3 - 'fcCar-H,
COIST DIVISION* (Broad Gnage).
(Third and Townwrui Sta.)
fSsI«A Ocean View, Bouth B*n fnficiaeo.. t*«»«»
•7«§oa Saa Jose at«l Way Buttons (New
Almtdea Wednesdays only) *ltS»*
-.*•>••* Ban Jose. Tres Tlnos. Hanta I m*.
r - F»c!oa Gtoim. l'aao Untiles, ban
/ I.nis Gl-ispo. tinit, Lampoo aud
•Prlnofpal W»j SUtions *••••»
•I ti !•» B«n Jose asJ War KUMon ; *«>33a
•I li3Oa Baa Jose and Way SUtlous *3i30»
U>Si49r Saa Mateo^ Redwood, Menlo Pub.
Ptlo Alto, Santa CUra, £an Jose,
, Ttm Plaoe, Saute Crira. SaUnaa,
MoateTeyand I'klilo Orots tl*>M*
'IStSCr Baa) Joee and Way Buttons *7:3«»>
f «i!3f Ban Joee and Principal Wtj SUtkma *9i-*3a
*ai«M>r S*n Jose and Principal Way Stations 1O:<>«*
•*iBor BhJm« and Principal Way Btatioaa *9>83«,
•Ol.lo r Baa Jcso snd W»jr Stations t*:O«U
111i43p San Jose snd Wsy Stations.. *7i»4>>
A far Morsiii c P for A f ternoon.
• D«Ur. t Sunday eietpted. J AuntUf only.
6 Saturday on'.y.
M9mtaJbtwm aod Fridays « Thursday* and ¦asdaTsV
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C -
T_jH:SSE3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
3:30 5:10. S:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 D. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1 '¦•}
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B :CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
(:00, «:29 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:tO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:4j.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra nips at
I; ?.s and «:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40. 5:03.
«:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Schuetien ParJc
same schedule as above.
7-39 am> I 110:25 am
I S:C«)am GuerneviUe. I 7:35 pm
3:30 pmf > 1 «:22 pra
7JO am 1:09 am Sonoma 9:15 am 3:40 an
and
5:19 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 amj $:O am! Sebaatopol. |W:4O axa,10:25 am
3:30 pm[ S:0» pm| | 7:35 pm 1 6:22 pm
Ptages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagzs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop^
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
K»l«»yvll>. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Hay, Lake-
port and BartlMt Springs; «t Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Polter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Uerl*y"».
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvtlle Orr*a
Hot Springs. Meridocino City, Fort Bragsr.
Westport. UmL Wlllitts. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
mins' s. Ball's Springs. Harris, Oisen's, Dyer-.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets) at r»-
duced rat*s-
On Dunday round-trip tickets to alt points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices (SO Market St.. Chronicle bldr.
It. C WHITING, . R. X. RIAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. E*bert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Wednesday, February 21, 1900.— Weather fine. Track slorrpy.
S2O. FIRST RACE^Five and a half furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse. $400.
6 PECULATORS ATTENTION! II
117 Per Foot. $17 Per Foot.
Five hundred feet of frontage; finest build-
ing lots In Oakland; high ground; elegant
view; all street work done; three corners;
close to schools; electric cars pass the prop-
erty; cheap at $40 per foot.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
WILLIAM. J. DINGEE,
MS BROADWAY^ OAKLAND.
AT $10 cash. IS monthly— Fine lots; the choicest
building site; East Oakland; 8 model homes
Just completed; build -your home or let us
build for you, and stop paying rent: have you.-
home where the climate excels; no fogs or
i cold windi; soil the best and view the erand-
I eet; streets all graded and macadamlzeu; city
I water and sewer; 1 block from electric Car
! ami near the local trains; good schools and
; grand vi»w; Gallndo Tract, adjoining East-
', Oc.klund; price $125 upward; rail or send for
| circular. 455 Seventh st., Oakland; carriage
' free. HENRY 7.. JONES, owner.
[ $IC.VW- A BARGAIN; 30 acres of land 14 mil**
from Sunol; about 200 French prune trees, be-
Fides small family orchard and vineyard;
house of 5 rooms; barn; chicken-houses; all
fenced. XV. P. RYAN, 960 7th »t., Oakland.
CITY realty: fruit and stock ranchos; loans.
PALP BURY, >CS Broadway, Notary Public. .
OAKLAND Branch Office of Th» Cal! re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements end subscriptions received.
OAKLAND HOISEKEKI'I.VG ROOMS.
LARGE sunny unfurnished rooms, near Fablola
Hospital; larg« grounds: reference. Address
box 2705. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1113 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tlf"?m*nts and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOIt SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellnaas. the
furwitore ««al«r. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
co'partxershTp xotices^
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm ' heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI. doing
business In the city and county of San Fran-
Cisco, was on the 2Sth day of March, I«*9, dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire interest ©f O.
BACIGALUPI to the concern.
G. lACCHERI,
O. BACIGALUPI.
Pan Francijco. February 9. 1900.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND" NOT fCE^bivTd*nd~No; 102 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. 527 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day. March 1, li>on. Transfer books will close
on Friday, February 23. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
82 1. SECOND RACE— One mile; four-year-ilds and upward; purse, $400.
822/ THIRD RACE^-One mile: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Nli:{. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs;, selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— % :13U: *4. :3SU: %. 1:03: T4. 1:31. Winner, Gil Summers' eh. g.. by Salvator-Hot
Surlng. Fair start. Won all out. second and third driving. Lavator a good horse in damp
going nt: SeratCnert Rapido 104
Time X :24H; Vi,*:4J:*4; : l:lB.: Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner
C. E. DurneU's b. g.. by Racine-Powwow., 'Coupled with Potente. Potente turned a flip
flap. Dr Sheppard could have won. St. Casslmlr a "dog." Scratched— Joe Mussle so.
DIED.
Byrns, Irene May Morse. Sigourney B.
Carney. Joseph R. Mynott, Mollle
Craig. Eva F. O'Brien. Agnea
Daly, Mary A. Pierce, Frank
Decker, Barbara Rasmussen, Dorothea
Downie. Henry Rawllng, Hattle E.
Favre, Frederick Reynolds, Lt. G. L.
Forde, Mary J. Schnltzer. Jacob
Haines, Elena Pearl Smith, Mrs; Mary
Healy, Elisabeth Stelger, Emil R.
Hoppe. Elizabeth T. Thurman, Catherine
Hughes. John J. Wensinger, F. S.
Jackson. John R. Woebcke. John W. C
Moller. Samuel
BTRNS— In this city, February — , WOO, Irene
May youngest and beloved daughter of John
E and Mamie C. Byrns. a native of Fruit-
vale, Cal.. aged 2 years 7 months and 25 days.
CARNEY— In this city, February 21, 1900, Jo-
seph Raphael, son cf Peter and Lizzie Car-
ney, and grandson of Margaret and the late
George Schulz, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 5 months and 16 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1011 Alabama street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city. February 20, 1900, Eva F.
Craig, daughter of J. P. McMurray, and sister
of Mrs. W. H. Barrows and O.K. McMurray.
a native of Jackson. Mich., aged 44 years.
!T7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o # clock, from the residence
of XV. H. Barrows. 1450 Hayes street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
DALY-In this city, February 21, 1900, Mary A.
Daly, a native of San Francisco, sged 21
years.
DECKER— In this city, February 20, l»00, Bar-
bara Decker, beloved mother of Mrs. Kath-
erlne Sands, Henry Decker, Mrs. Rose Jpr-
den and Mm. Louise Nolte, a native of Ger-
many, need 77 years.
(ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 634 Jessie street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DOWNIE— In this city, February 21, 1900,
Henry, husband of Margaret D<rfc-nle, and
father of Henry J. and Kate Downle, and
brother-in-law of Owen Egan, a native of
Scotland, aged 60 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & C 0.. .767 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FAVRE— In this city. February 20, 1900, Freder-
ick Favre, a native of Switzerland, aged 70
years.
FORDE— In this city. February 19. 1300, Mary
J dearly beloved sister of Thomas. Margaret
and William J. Forde and Mrs. Ellen How-
ard and aunt of Mrs. Robert Shepston, a na-
tive of Mltchelstown. County Cork, Ireland,
aged 45 years. (Chicago, Lawrence and Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
(E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2424 Market street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, Hayes street, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
6oul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemtery.
HAINES— In this city, February 21, 1900, Elena
Pearl Halnes, beloved daughter of Mrs. R. H.
Buddy, and slater of Guy Halnes of Portland,
Or., a native of Humboldt County, Cal., aged
23 years 8 months and 14 days. (Portland,
Or., papers please copy.)
C3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun«ral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel in Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HEALY— In this city, February 20, 1900 Eliza-
beth, be loved wife of the late John Healy. a
native of Enfleld. Middlesex, London, Eng-
land, aged IS years and 11 months. - ' .
E7"Frif>n<lH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Thun?day). at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1611 Folk street. Oience to St. Brigtd's
Church, Van Ness" avenue and Broadway,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the rei>c*e of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOPPE— In this city, February 21. 1900. Eliza-
beth Theresia Hoppe. beloved daughter of
William and Theresia Hoppe, and beloved sis-
ter of Joseph. William Jr., Francisca, Frank,
Anna, and Th-odore Hoppe, a native of South
San Francisco, aged 6 y«-ars.
ETTriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, Cypreßl avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, San Mateo County. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city, February 21, John J.,
dearly beloved son of John and the late Mar-
garet Hughes, and loving brother of Mabel
Hughes, and grandson of Edward and Alice
Hughes and Jnmes and the late Bridget Nel-
Bon. a native of San Francisco, aged 6 months
and 29 days.
{CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his grand* parents, 14J Silver street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment private, in
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JACKSON— In Alameda, February 20, 1900. John
R., beloved husband of Mrs. E. J. Jackson,
and father of Frank C. Jackson and Mrs, M.
J. Miller, a native of New York, aged 77 years
« months and 1« days.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2008 Pacific avenue. Alameda.
MOLLER— In th" City and County Hospital.
February 30, IMO, Samuel Moller, a native of
America, aged 40 years. - . , ..
MORSE— In Alameda, February 20, 1900, Sigour-
ney B. Mors6, son of Caroline M. and the late
Charles A. Morse, and brother of Mrs. F. M.
French. Mr*. L. M. Slosson and F. C. Morse,
a native of California, aeed 34 year*.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from Christ's Epis-
copal Church, corner Grand street and Santa
Clara avenue. Interment private. Laurel Hill
Cemetery, San Francisco.
MYNOTT— In Melrose, Alameda County, Feb-
ruary 21, IPOO, Mollle, beloved daughter of
Eben*z*r and Caroline Mynott, a native of
Oakland, aged 17 years 8 months and 19 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 19, l»00, Ag-
nes, beloved wife of Joseph H. O'Brien, and
daughter, of John J. Murphy, and sister of
Mrs. J. J. McElroy and James J. and Loretto
E. Murphy. -a native of Sftn Francisco, aged
26 years 7 months and 23 days.
(nyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at — o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1506 O'FarreH street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city, February 21, 1900, 'Frank,
beloved son of Harry- and Margaret Pierce,
and' brother of Gertie. Alice. Harry and
L*o Pierce, and nephew of Mrs. J. W. Lunny.
a native of Colma. San Mateo County, Cal.,
aped 2 years S months and 12 days.
ZZT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:80 o'clock, trom the residence
of his parents, Colma. San Mateo County, Cal.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RASMUSSEN— In this city, February 20, 1900
Dorothea, dearly beloved wife of Hang Ras-
mussen. and mother of Mrs. Robert A. Bell-
man, Mrs. J. Wyllie.' Mrs. J. Ramsay and Jo-
seph. Annie and Henrietta Rasmussen. and
sister of Conrad and Henry Benson and Mrs.
R. Rasmussen, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 48 years 8 months and 7 days.
CTFri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Ruhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
RAWLING— In Vallejo, February lf^ li>oo, Hat-
tle 8.. beloved wife of William D. Rawllng.
and mother of William D. Rawllng Jr., a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
REYNOLDS— In this city, February 20, 1800,
Lieutenant George Lewis Reynolds, N. G. C.,
retired, beloved husband of the late Eliza C.
Reynolds, and father of Edith. G., Alice R.,
George L. and Eva L. Reynolds, a nntlve of
London, England, aged 74 years 1 month and
20 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun«*ral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church,
corner Clay street and Van Ness avenue. In-
terment. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHNITZER-In this city, February 21, 1900,
Jacob, dearly beloved husband of Rica, and
father of Siegbert, ' Llllle, Sarah, Abe and
Ruby Schnltzer, a native of Breslau, Ger-
many, aged 87 years and 19 days.
SMITH— In Oakland, February 21. 1900, Mm.
- Mary Smith, belovwl mother of James L. and
Henry P. Smith, Mrs. E. Casey, Mrs. Nellie
Sllva and Mrs. Katie Larsen. a native of
Ohio, aged 64 years 10 months and 22 days. -
11
Tims— H. ¦:«: *4. :87%; H. l:08H; %.' 1:«H4. Good start. Won easing up. second and third
driving. Winner, George W.° Miller's b. m., by Belvldere-Llxzette. Loving Cup outclassed
her field. Alleviate could not keep up first part. ,
ndex. Ho"^__Eg!£ h _ t J? t J— .
754 Beautiful Bill 112 3
SOS Jsallne M 2 }
811 Red Cherry "2 J
797 Formatus We 2
610 Morclla 102 6
6io Tekla 107 12
... Disorderly KM 8
800 Mildred Hughea 102 8
772 St Germain... 106 U
671 Coming Event .102 9
772 La Amigo 10.» 10
... llilou NX | *
Mm. '-
Km. Str.
111 h l n
2 1 So 3 3
3 h 4 >i 8 1
«'U 5 1 * hi
5 2 3 Vi 6 1
12 11 6 8 2
10 H 10 H 7 1
6 Mi 6 2 6 h
8 2 7 Vi 9 1
» 5 3 2 10 3
7 3 81 . 11 4
11 MM 12
Fin.;
1 ns
25
3 V 4
.4 3.
5-4
c i
7 6
8 1
9 1
10 S
11 6
12
I BetUng.
I Jockeys. Op. ci.
"Plßgott 9-2 5
Ranch 4 3
E. Jones 4 9-2
Turiett 20 25
Henry 30 60
Vlttltoe S 8
T. Wa15h...... 10 12
J. Daly 30 M
Morgan 30 40
I. Powell 7 7
Bullman 10 12
a R055. ..;.... 10 10
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. %m.
7C9 Cormorant. 4 JOT « 3J
794 Biy, 6 107 ? * "
780 Charles Le Bel. B--J^ 5 •J *
774 Ben Ledl. 4 102 1 2 1H
gOl Jockey Bill. &- — -}^ « J J4
(785) Royal Prize, 6.. J^ 3 «*
801 Scintillate, 6.. » I 1?? 7 7
%m. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey*. |Op. Cl.
i'l% 16 15 "H B. noes.. ......[ 8-5 3-2
In '25- 25 !( Bullman ...... 6-5 3-2
6 5 5 1 4HBn Henry 20 fr>
32 '86 SI 41 J. Martin. 6 S
4 H 4 2 5 8 610 Morgan 40 100
5 >» «8 6! 6 4 Vlttitoe 10 11
7 7 7 7 1. Powell M 200
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Hm. Mm. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockey». [Op. . Cl.
"~79« None Such, 5 106 1 Hi 25 2 7 IS .16 E. Ross 4 $
798 Orion, a.... 10« "» 25 11 lb 84 »H Builman 8-5 8-5
795 -Milt Young. 4 101 J 3 b II it 3 5 3 8 T. WaUh...... 4 7
Sl« Ix>s Prl»toB. 5 106 6 5 6 426 41 Heinscn ....... ( 7
?.? Joe Muß»le. 6 109 2 44A4 E 426 Banslnger ..... 3 B-2
jTdex_Horse. Age. \Y»gtit.|bt.
798 Lavator. 4 1J 5 ]¦
813 Montallade. a ••••••JW 6
817 Mary Kln«elU, S--"»*> Z
320 Sorrow. S J<« J
796 Einstein, 6 104 6
736 Inverary 11. 5 1W 3
78« Synia. 4 *<* *
¦ 12-
6 2
4 h
14
7
3 1H
6h
Hna.
5 1
43
2 6
6 8
7 ..
5 2
%m« Str.-
15 12
2 14 ,31
4 < ,82
8 H «4
6 5 M
7 61
6H 7
Fin.
1 2
2 2
3 S
• 4 1
SB
6 S .
7
J Jockcyg. |Qp. ci.
Builman 8-5 13^5
T. Wa15h...... 6-2 13-5
Vlttltoe 3 11.5
Henry •' 5 t
Hns3in«w .... •10 j!)
, Morgan ....... .40 75
E. Roes 15 jo
Index. Ht>r»<v Age. Welght.|St.
810 Polente. 6 .........Alt 4
.808 Dr. Sbeppard. •••••»2 1
810 Hurry Thoburn, 6.. 103 5
(788) St. Cassimlr. 3 90 2
<KOS>Veguvlan. -3- •." 87 a
¦*jm. ¦ 'yjm. %m. Str. Ftn. | Jockeys. |Qp. . ci.
... 6 TS ~Tj 1 1 IT. Walsh 3~i£&
«4 1 4 1 3 H 2 n E. Jones • •
... ¦". 1»4 M . 2H 33 Henry 6-2 13-5
2h 21 ; 41 , 42. Phelan .... 6-67-5
?. ¦¦¦ 3 h f 6 .5 . t ¦ J, Martin g g
nder. Horse. Age. Welght.jSt. Hm. \jm. »;m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl
746 Living Cup. 5. 107 3 82 1% 11,12 11 iHennr .., 1-Y~~2^
773 Katie Gibbon*, 4. ..104 S In 2 4 J4' 22 21 T. Walsh & (
7SJ Alleviate. 6 107 1 ib 3 1 510 S« 310 Vlttltoe I $.-.
795 Terrene. 4 10« 2 51 6 5 41<4 6 46 Moriran 25 7;
RU- TJterp. 4 -104 5 .44 41 56 68 6t« Baaslnger ..... 25. .7!
792 Florence rink, 4. ...104 4 6. .• • «- 6 6 Ranch ........ 60 80(
Index. Ht>r»<v Age. Welght.|St.
810 Polente. 6 .........Alt 4
.808 Dr. Sbeppard. •••••»2 1
810 Hurry Thoburn, 6.. 103 5
(788) St. Cassimlr. 3 90 2
<KOS>Veguvlan. -3- •." 87 a
¦*jm. ¦ 'yjm. %m. Str. Ftn. | Jockeys. |Qp. . ci.
... 6 TS ~Tj 1 1 IT. Walsh 3~i£&
«4 1 4 1 3 H 2 n E. Jones • •
... ¦". 1»4 M . 2H 33 Henry 6-2 13-5
2h 21 ; 41 , 42. Phelan .... 6-67-5
?. ¦¦¦ 3 h f 6 .5 . t ¦ J, Martin g g
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. %m.
7C9 Cormorant. 4 JOT « 3J
794 Biy, 6 107 ? * "
780 Charles Le Bel. B--J^ 5 •J *
774 Ben Ledl. 4 102 1 2 1H
gOl Jockey Bill. &- — -}^ « J J4
(785) Royal Prize, 6.. J^ 3 «*
801 Scintillate, 6.. » I 1?? 7 7
%m. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey*. |Op. Cl.
i'l% 16 15 "H B. noes.. ......[ 8-5 3-2
In '25- 25 !( Bullman ...... 6-5 3-2
6 5 5 1 4HBn Henry 20 fr>
32 '86 SI 41 J. Martin. 6 S
4 H 4 2 5 8 610 Morgan 40 100
5 >» «8 6! 6 4 Vlttitoe 10 11
7 7 7 7 1. Powell M 200
ndex. Ho"^__Eg!£ h _ t J? t J— .
754 Beautiful Bill 112 3
SOS Jsallne M 2 }
811 Red Cherry "2 J
797 Formatus We 2
610 Morclla 102 6
6io Tekla 107 12
... Disorderly KM 8
800 Mildred Hughea 102 8
772 St Germain... 106 U
671 Coming Event .102 9
772 La Amigo 10.» 10
... llilou NX | *
Mm. '-
Km. Str.
111 h l n
2 1 So 3 3
3 h 4 >i 8 1
«'U 5 1 * hi
5 2 3 Vi 6 1
12 11 6 8 2
10 H 10 H 7 1
6 Mi 6 2 6 h
8 2 7 Vi 9 1
» 5 3 2 10 3
7 3 81 . 11 4
11 MM 12
Fin.;
1 ns
25
3 V 4
.4 3.
5-4
c i
7 6
8 1
9 1
10 S
11 6
12
I BetUng.
I Jockeys. Op. ci.
"Plßgott 9-2 5
Ranch 4 3
E. Jones 4 9-2
Turiett 20 25
Henry 30 60
Vlttltoe S 8
T. Wa15h...... 10 12
J. Daly 30 M
Morgan 30 40
I. Powell 7 7
Bullman 10 12
a R055. ..;.... 10 10
nder. Horse. Age. Welght.jSt. Hm. \jm. »;m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl
746 Living Cup. 5. 107 3 82 1% 11,12 11 iHennr .., 1-Y~~2^
773 Katie Gibbon*, 4. ..104 S In 2 4 J4' 22 21 T. Walsh & (
7SJ Alleviate. 6 107 1 ib 3 1 510 S« 310 Vlttltoe I $.-.
795 Terrene. 4 10« 2 51 6 5 41<4 6 46 Moriran 25 7;
RU- TJterp. 4 -104 5 .44 41 56 68 6t« Baaslnger ..... 25. .7!
792 Florence rink, 4. ...104 4 6. .• • «- 6 6 Ranch ........ 60 80(
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Hm. Mm. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockey». [Op. . Cl.
"~79« None Such, 5 106 1 Hi 25 2 7 IS .16 E. Ross 4 $
798 Orion, a.... 10« "» 25 11 lb 84 »H Builman 8-5 8-5
795 -Milt Young. 4 101 J 3 b II it 3 5 3 8 T. WaUh...... 4 7
Sl« Ix>s Prl»toB. 5 106 6 5 6 426 41 Heinscn ....... ( 7
?.? Joe Muß»le. 6 109 2 44A4 E 426 Banslnger ..... 3 B-2
jTdex_Horse. Age. \Y»gtit.|bt.
798 Lavator. 4 1J 5 ]¦
813 Montallade. a ••••••JW 6
817 Mary Kln«elU, S--"»*> Z
320 Sorrow. S J<« J
796 Einstein, 6 104 6
736 Inverary 11. 5 1W 3
78« Synia. 4 *<* *
¦ 12-
6 2
4 h
14
7
3 1H
6h
Hna.
5 1
43
2 6
6 8
7 ..
5 2
%m« Str.-
15 12
2 14 ,31
4 < ,82
8 H «4
6 5 M
7 61
6H 7
Fin.
1 2
2 2
3 S
• 4 1
SB
6 S .
7
J Jockcyg. |Qp. ci.
Builman 8-5 13^5
T. Wa15h...... 6-2 13-5
Vlttltoe 3 11.5
Henry •' 5 t
Hns3in«w .... •10 j!)
, Morgan ....... .40 75
E. Roes 15 jo• A long Inquiry In reference to Mrs. Cos
sack followed, but nothing of interest de
veloped. • The - witness then resumed to
tell the names of others to whom she had
shown the marriage contract or had told
of Its existence. Several of these persons
have the misfortune to be dead. Daniel
O'Connell' and J. H. Culver were among
the number. . A Mrs. Purcell. who made
many dresses for Mrs. Craven had
the good fortune to see j the • contract of
marriage. When O'Connell saw the doc
ument he became greatly • agitated \ and
wished, immediately to give' if. publicity.
Mrs. Craven had positively refused to per
mit him,' however. '
Until ,the hour of recess the witness was
led. lnto, the intricacies of a minute inves
tigation which contributed nothing to th*
substantial results of the case.
: At the opening of the afternoon session
the opposing attorneys agreed to postpone
their argument, arid the clash of wits was
happily averted for a time. But the. res
pite was short. The lawyers opposed to
JULn. Craven-Fair Insisted upon asking
"questions of the same Import. There was
an objection, and then Attorney McEner
ney demanded and received permission to
argue his right to ask the questions. He
declared that It was vitally Important to
show that Senator Fair had made no pro
vision -for Mrs. 'Craven in his lifetime,
either in a dally or occasional support or
by will..
The attorney Insisted that the questions
which will throw light upon Fair's finan
cial treatment of the witness are there
fore vitally pertinent to the issue as
showing- by. indirection that the relation
ship- between Fair and Mrs. Craven had
been no more serious than friendship and
that the lady's evidence was false and she
was not. the wife of fact. The lawyer's
whole ' purpose was to establish, the per
tinency of questions | which his antagon
ists Insisted were irrelevant and simply
the weapons of a fishing expedition.
. When McEnemey had concluded, Attc~
ney Pence created general surprise by
withdrawing his objection to the proposed
line of inquiry, lie declared that he had
been waiting patiently to learn the line of
the other side, and having done so he was
pleased to withdraw his objection to the
question. This seemed to; anger McEn
emey somewhat, but he replied pleasantly
that he -had no '. purpose 'to tire Mrs.
Craven or her lawyers.
"You couldn't If you wanted to d 0.50,". 50,"
was the sharp reply of Pence. _ _^_ ...
•" Mrs. • CVaven-Falr "then"; testified about
the two deeds which she claimed she re-
FOREIGN CREWS ARE
NEVER IMMIGRANTS
Not Required to Be Inspected by Fed-
eral Officials Until They Leave
Their Employment.
T. V. Powderly, National Immigration
Commissioner, has notified United States
Immigration Commissioner North at this
port that the department has never held
that the crews of foreign vessels are sub
ject to the • Immigration laws, and the in
spection provided and required, as in the
case of immigrants, so long as they re
main on the ship's articles.
This ruling indorses the action hereto
fore taken by Mr. North in the matter of
crews of foreign vessels arriving at this
port. "Whenever a member of such a crew
•leaves his employment on his vessel he
at once becomes an alien immigrant, and
must submit to all the requirements of
the immigration office.
i
* • were that Fair was frequently In the com
4 pany of the witness, following her In her
< , many changes of Tesldence, occupying the
<> same apartments with her and sustaining
o toward h^r the relationship which she
claims. Many of the questions had been
T asked before and If they possessed any
i ' importance In the case they certainly had
<> no Interest In any other respect. It was
«. clearly demonstrated that Fair seldom If
ever remained with, the witness through
i the night, never took his meals there nor
T registered at tha hotels In which he
£ stopped with her.
" The witness In a single answer replied to
a fusillade of questions that occupied the
attention of the court for an hour. She
— declared that before and after her al
is. leged marriage to Fair and to the tatter's
[ 0 _ death she made every effort to conceal the
to attentions which Fair paid to her. She
ad said that since the marriage had not been
,1,5 and was not to be made public she sought
natoa to save herself from the effect of scandal
: e i and comment. During this phase of the
?g inquiry the name of Lamborn. the new
j Q witness, was Introduced.
ld Mrs. Craven-Fair declared that Lamborn
of had called at the Sutter-street house on
c . business. She and Fair were there at the
1( j time and she held a short conversation
y> with Lamborn relative to the business on
r l which he called. It was early In the morn
ing and Fair, in neglige, came to the- door.'
Lamborn was given to understand by
Mrs. Craven that the situation was "all
s ; right."
After a few further minor inquiries the
trial was adjourned until 10:30 o'clock
m next Monday morning.
DOES THE SOCIETY ACT.
Mrs. Craven-Fair Brings Her
. Drawing Room Manners
toCciurt.
A curious crowd that probably would
not have been able to pungle as a whole
the records it had contained had reached
their greatest value and Importance.
Simpton Puzzled Creed.
Simpton's talk to Creed was a puzzle to
the constable. He associated It with
nearly everything else but the Craven-
Fair case and the mystery was not cleared
until Attorney Sylva, the exposer of con
spiracies, became over-confidential and
revealed the secrets supposed to have
been concealed within the red covers of
Simpton's missing memorandum book.
Sylva asked Creed If his memory was
fresh on the eventß that immediately fol
lowed the fire, mor« particularly with ref
erence to Simpton's sorrow at the loss
Press, sweet creamery butter and tt«
Choicest or ranch tgg* h&r» always been
a sort of hobby with us.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 4oc
RANCH EGGS, d0z.... I7ic
BAKED BEANS, 2-15. can 10c
A most reliable dish.
Ready for Immediate- as*.
Regularly Uo.
0 X WHISKEY, tot. 75c, 3 bots $2
A nutritious stimulant nHoa COO
.Of th. neatest attalnabU
Excellence
Regularly COO and Rte.
WALNUTS, 2 lbs 25c
Choice English WsJsstSk
Regularly Uo a lb.
CRYSTALIZED GINGER, 2 1b5. 250
Regnlarlr 200 a Rx
COFFEE. Ib ....20c
Ideal Blend No. 2.
Extremely Delicious.
Regularly SOc
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
as much as $1 75 knocked elbows In Judge
Troutt's court yesterday and -hung with
breathless Interest on all the trifling de
tails of the Fair-Craven case, a hearing
that Involves millions. Taken altogether
It was a repelling crowd, with enough
weak chins, receding foreheads and low
ering brows to stock a good-sized Jail.
And It was shabby, with not a dozen
"blled shirts" In the lot.
It was a bad day for Mrs. Craven-Fair.
The fetid atmosphere of the crowded
courtroom oppressed her. She gasped for
air, confided to the Judge that she feared
she might swoon away and more than
once lost the even temper that has been
with her all through the trial.
Has a Fink Tea Voice.
She had a new gown on. A combina
tion of silk and velvet and lace. All
black, relieved with just a softening dash
of white at the throat. It fit her to per
fection and showed favorably the lines
of the new fashionable French figure. Her
manner was in keeping with her dress
fashionable. Her poses were the poses
of the woman of fashion. Her answers
were all In a muffled, pink-tea voice, de
livered with the proper bored expression
of the woman of the world.
Her "society tone" was most marked
when with a faint uplifting of brow and
air of surprise she met Pierson's questions
and volubly offered more information
than bis cross-examination called for.
None of the Schoolmarm Left.
There Is none of the characteristic man
ner of the educator left In Mrs. Craven-
Fair. The directness of the schoolmarm
is gone. She winds herself all up in her
answers. She has no memory for dates,
and persistently cannot "recollect." She
admitted on the stand that she was past
53 and lowered her lids when she ex
plained that Senator Fair was "attentive"
to her, and told how she feared his "at
tentions" might "cause comment."
A Pajama Episode.
There was not much chance during the
day for the lady to show how very
clever she Is until she came to the
pajama episode. Then she skated round
It with a skill worthy of a French farce
builder bringing modestly out the brazen
accompaniment of folding-doors and silk
underwear. She did not say the Sena
tor was jealous of her. She left the
court to Infer that he was.
Mrs. Margaret Koehler, the pretty
daughter of Mrsl Craven-Fair, was not
an over-interested spectator. She di
vided her time between yawns in leaning
over and smiling Into Pence's eyes and
carefully scrutinizing the fit of her
gloves. She ate candy, moistened her
lips with I-wish-I-had-a-soda smack, and
generally had an unlovely time till Judge
Troutt adjourned court and ah©, wrapped
a lacey trifle round her mother's shoul
ders.
As to the attorneys, there was a lot of
brow-knitting done, and an alert watch
kept on Pierson. who was conducting the
cross-examination. Now and then Char
ley Pence and McEnerney addressed each
other and the Judge. The tobacco in
their respective mouths, however, did not
tend to purity of enunciation. The Judge
probably understood them, and they ap
peared to understand each other.'
terday. Ex-Jud*e Graham represented
the defendant.
L. Martin, night clerk at the hotel, tes
tified to hearing three shots on the night
in question and almost immediate]/ af
terward Miss Hall staggered Into his of
fice and exclaimed, "I've been killed." He
did not know who had fired the shot 3
Detective Ed Gibson testified that the <!<*•
fendant when arrested said that he had
ehot the woman and hoped she would not
die.
This was all the evidence the prosecu
tion could submit, as Miss Hail and her
companion who saw the shooting have
Ignored their subpenas and left the dry.
At the request of Prosecuting 1 Attorney
Harris th© Judge reserved his decision on
the motion to dismiss till to-morrow, as
he wanted timo to prepare his argument
In opposition to the motion.
And light dressings of CUTICURA, purest of emollient skin cures.
This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces, stimulates the hair folli-
cles, supplies the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else falls.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
_ Ooneietinpof Cuticuxa SoAW2ic.). to cleanse the » kin of crn»te and
S?*r% •£¦£ rx ntJTMrtl • • cal " "o »«ft«n ""» thickened cntlclr; Outicttr* OjSTJtrvr (SOc).
aS*GfcS;KBB^3 l 0 lcetßat| y Mn y l*Mn«-. lnSamraatlon. and irritation, und eooth* end,
\&&»lL<'iULjh IB Leal; and Ccticthia KtbOLTK\T (JOc.).to cool and cl.Min«e the blood.
#%«—% «— — g nr ABntOLB ! Set U often snfflcient to cnr« the most tortnriDg.dlsfis^rtng,
THF\M $I/R "^ k* 11 ? 11^** 8kla « *nd blood humors, with locs of h«lr. when
inLGv.it 4>lt£J oil else falls. Potteb Dura ahd Cheh. Coup.. Bole Props Boston.
•AUAbcnttbefiS±a,fi»fc>.»o<l Hair," free. *^
| TOOTHACHE STOPPED |
ga± Immediately by our faroous painless method. £&[
ffi» ho paiQ whils filling or extracting The da
highest class dental wor^ at lowest prices Je*i.
PROMPT. COURTEOUS TREATMENT. * ||a
4 Evenings until S. Sundays all I (ft / * j»>t t7ir\/\/% m« M xSy
®T day. Written guarantee 10 yrs. ? VZ\ [\ V frC fl Bl I /Vl jSL'
I! Pull "¦ Set of Teeth, pain- I T L ?«vVrV-FlTl
?,," less extractions free.. 94.00 up 1 (OUR NEW HAMn vir
@ Gold Crown*. 22-k...... :t.RO up , U * " tW HOrtlE),
1 f»"»ks 25c up. J 1001 Market Street, fc*|
, Teeth Without Plate* Our A .
MSSk J Specialty. We give gas. S. W. Cornjtr Sixth.
** *** —————— • • • • SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY.
A . The Largest Office West of Chicago.
CARBREY MAY GO FREE.
The Police Have Been Unable to
Locate Fannie Hall.
The preliminary examination of Thomas
C. Carbrey, charged with an assault to
murder by shooting Fannie Hall, a vau
deville actress, in the Francisco House,
Turk and Taylor streets, on January 9,
was commenced bef or* Judge Mogan yes-
They publish for authors. Mysell-Rolllns, 23
Clay. Modern printers, up-to-date facilities. •
SAVE YOUR HAIR
WITH SHAMPOOS OF
ADVERTISEMENTS.
of the red record. • On that occasion Sylva
is reported to have said:'
"Do you know if • that book were in
existence . to-day we 1 could prove that
Mrs. Craven and Senator Fair • had been
married."
A few days later Justice, of the -Peace
Slmpton came to San Francisco and be
fore a notary public swore to an affidavit
reciting the details of a ceremony he said
he had performed at Sausalito Joining in
wedlock .James •G. Fair and Nettie R.
Craven. ¦--'.¦. vn .
QUESTION OF MARRIAGE.
Trial Drags on :Without Any
Enlivening -Incident.
Very few. incidents of Importance or.
general public "interest developed yester
day during ' the Craven-Fair • case before
Judge Troutt- Mrs. Craven ; was .'on..' the
witness stand for the entire day and the
attorneys in opposition to her. led" a. stern
chase through the years in which she was
intimately acquainted with James O. Fair
and during which she claims* to have been
his contract wife. The cross-examiners
had one primary purpose-in their long,
wearisome and monotonous examinatluh.
They sought to prove that" Fair did net
conduct himself to Mrs. Craven, as a hus
band; that he came to her 'surreptitiously
and left her in like manner; that he did
not go with her in publlc»as 'her husband,
and except -to a few,; whose testimony
Mrs. Craven's' opponents,', profess, not; to
believe, James G. Fair did noO acknowl
edge the relationship which ; the), woman'
now claims. . .' . .'.':.¦ r » :*' ' .
In answer to all of,, these questions,
which Involved a minute consideration of
a thousand Incidents of conversation and
actions, extending through > several yearn,
Mrß. Craven declared that both Fair and
she had specifically agreed to • keep their
marriage a secret, and consequently th»;y
avoided everything that might cause scan
dal or excite comment. The cross-exami
nation commenced with a 'discussion in"
reference to the famous marriage con
tract. The witness declared that she had
shown the contract to a Mrs. Cossack, her
nurse. This alleged exhibition; took place
in 1894 at the Mission Grammar School,
where Fair was present at' the time, and,
according to Mrs. Craven,' admitted ' he r
as his wife to Mrs. Cossack.
"But why did you not marry her in the
good old fashioned way?" asked Mrs. Cos
sack.
"She 1b my wife Just the came," was
Fair's repjy. ; ?s,•;.%'
How can the British trooper 'boll
Defeat the wily Boer.
Unless ha tones his system up
With good old "Jesse Moore."
Come Just to Look
Prettiest
Chioswart
Crockery
Glassware
Unp*
Ornament*
Koveltie*
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES.
Come Just to Look;
Great American biportiiiE Tea Gbl
Stores Ererjirbere.
»o Stores.
CASH 0B LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
(JllSt An QnusuaHy large
Arrived SSS"^^
Go-Carts and sliding backs,
Baby Carriages : £?5!U f
$4.50 tO $20. couches.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
totr - toas • M/59/ov antBCT.
*;'->- * ABOVE SIXTH.
P!ua» Seatb 14. . Bia Irmaei«».
Send 5c la stamps for new tornltor* eataloff.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market
(Old number Jl Stockton «t)
TELEPHONE MAIN 158.
3-Day Specials !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good News.
Beginning Friday, February 23, tha stock
of fine shoes of Geiser & Kauffmana of
Sacramento will tx» on sale at tha Stand
ard Shoe Co.'s store. 1029 Market street,
between Sixth and Seventh. To-morrow
at 9 a. m. will be sold 300 pairs men's flna
vlcl kid for SI 60 a pair. •
Attorney Sylva, in a Burst
of Confidence, Revealed
the Secret to Constable
Creed Before the Simp
ton Sensation.
Marin Justice Told of Its Valuable
Contents in July, 1894, Two
Days After It Had Been De
stroyed in the Sausalito Fire.
Late Developments in
the Remarkable' Case
Which Do Not Cor
roborate the Sylva-
Simpton Charges
That Mrs. Craven At
tempted to Lead Them
Astray.
AFTER the fire of July. 1894. that de
stroyed the office of Justice of the
Peace Slmpton of Sausalito, the
Martn County Magistrate, who has
been made famous by his flopping
In the Craven-Fair UtJgation, he was
greatly perturbed over the loss of a red
pocketbook. Two days after the confla
gration hd eaid that the book contained
records o-f the utmost importance that
some day would mean much to several
people of State prominence.
Kecord of the Marriage.
Many weeks before the first Slmpton af
fidavit was made public, In which he as
serted that he had performed a marriage
ceremony uniting Nettie R. Craven and
James G. Fair, Attorney Sylva of Sausa
lito made Inquiries about the red pocket
book and !n a burst of confidence said
that !t had contained a record of that mo
mentous event.
Simpton's statement was made years
before It Is claimed Mrs.. Craven-Fair
went across the bay and offered a sum of
money to the Sausalito Simpton to testify
to the etory which he subsequently re
pudiated. Sylva's burst of confidence oc
curred, several weeks before Simpton
swore to his original affidavit and some
time before the attorney frave the public
to believe that he had thrown aside his
mask and appeared as an alleged purist,
bent upon exposing crime and unearthing
con:- pi racy.
The red pecketbook contained the record
of every nuptial knot that had been tied
by :he Sausalito Justice, who makes oath
from the middle In opposite directions,
and asserts without blushing that he Is
a mail cf whom every honest person
fchould be proud.
Less cf the Bed Pocketbook.
Constable Creed of Sausalito Township,
forrrerly Harshsl of the little town across
thf- bay. was the first man to reach Simp
t'.n's office th*» right that the f.ames were
claiming !t. He rushed in and saved the
records. He secured every docket and
every document that he thought was val
uable. In his haste he did not notice the
little red pocketbook and it Is presumed
That It and the tale It might tell went up
in smoke.
Two days after the conflagration, ac
cording to Constable Creed's story, Simp
ton in his presence went over the rescued
records and was visibly pained at the loss ,
cf the little red pocketbook.
"I would gladly have lost everything in
my office." Simpton Is reported to have
said, "if that little red pocketbook could
have be^n saved. It was the marriage
record of my office and in It was written
something that in the future would have
fceen of the grea-pst Importance to some
of the most prominent people of the State
and might have meant a great dead for
At that time Constable Creed did not
associate Simpton's statements with the
affairs of Xettie R. Craven and James
G. Fair. It was not until a few weeks
apo that the story of the little red pocket
book was recalled to his mlrd and he
began to wonder at Simpton's solicitude.
The Justice interviewed him then and
asked If he remembered having mentioned
the less of the book "after the fire of I£S4.
Creed's recollection was vivid. Slmpton
edded that the time had arrived when
celved from Senator Fair. The Inquiry
turned quickly to the marriage contract
and the circumstances under which It was
shown to various persons. Nothing new
or Interesting: was developed. Mrs.
Craven- Fair told the same old story that
is familiar to every reader of a news
paper.. She recited the incidents in a me
chanical, uninterested way. She has told
it so^ often that it has even for her a cer
tain monotony.
An effort wm then made to discover
where and when Mrs. Craven-Fair had
met Fair out of San Francisco. The wit
ness was very clear upon two Incidents
and • then tha difficulty began. Mrs. Cra
ven-Fair refused ! to understand. Sha
could not determine whether the ques
tioner wanted to know if she had met
Fair out of town or had gone out of town
with him. iTx'Sti ¦
"We want to know,"' said Pierson, "if
you went with him out of San Francisco
anywhere in the wide, wide world."
"And before his death," facetiously
added Attorney McEnemey.
The witness recalled an incident In Chi
cago .and then was brought back in her
recital to this city. Her every movement
in 1892 and 1893 was traced. Her relations
with Fair were analyzed and a series of
critical questions were asked. The Sena
tor's nightgown kept scampering through
the recital like a specter, but at no stage
of the proceedings did It become serious.
The results of this phase of the Inquiry
Sale's.
CRAVEN-FAIR MARRIAGE SAID TO BE RECORDED
IN JUDGE SIMPTON'S LITTLE RED POCKET-BOOK
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1900.
9J5-937-939-941 -Q*sj?4s- 9A7 Market street. - h
me."
12
THE FAIR LADY AND THE. RED POCKETBOOK.