have a man for whose record we must
blush. It is a shame and a disgrace! I
am going to write to-night to Clark, the
representative from this district, and
urge him to hold out against Burns if It
takes all summer. I did thla during the
last session and Mr. Clark made a gal
lant fight." - .*''
The leading party men of Palo Alto
were quite as united against the election
of the Mexican. The- president and sec
retary of the • Republican Club for - the
past year were against Burns, -but would
say nothing for publication, as they did
not want their names used. Were it not
for political reasons these men would be
able to give their representatives at Sac
ramento some good • anti-Burns argu>
ments. .¦ ¦ : V ¦ • . * •¦¦ ¦
; One prominent Republican, Ja ' Central
Committee man and candidate for a prom
inent office on the party ticket at the last
election, said that though he considered
even the intimation that Burns would be
elected ' to the Senate a disgrace to the
party, yet he could make no public state
ment'over his name. Said he: "I might
want something from the party some day,
and if my name was used they would
throw the statement back at me."
SANTA ROSA.
Extra Session
Scheme
Strongly De
nounced From
One End
of the State
to
the Other.
DANGER LURKS BEHIND CALIFORNIA IN HER DAYS OF
JOY AND PLENTY.
PALO ALTO.
is not a qualified or proper person for the
position of United States Senator.
Councilman N. D. Smith— l am opposed
to ;he call and not in favor of Dan Burns
as the people's representative in Washing
ton.
i*eorr." A. Black— lf it is necessary for
a special session all well and good; but
Dan Burns is not the man we -wont to
p"nd to WaFhinp-tnn as a specimen of Cal
ifornianß. if a Senator is to be elected no
one could be a worse man. As a < hoice be-
Mveen Turns and Grant, the latter is by
far the favorite of Santa Barbara County.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 26.— Prominent
professors among the faculty were
seen and in every case expressed
themselves as unqualifiedly opposed
to the election of Burns to the United
States Senate.
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford University, said that he could be put
down as not only against Burns for the
Senate, but also opposed to an extra ses
sion. He believed that the money it would
cost the people would be worse than
wasted. In addition to the cost we must
figure upon the ignominy it would bring
upon us.
Professor George M. Richardson, head
of the department of physics, expressed
himself as follows: "I am against the
election of Burns to the Senate. He is
not a representative man and has noth
ing to recommend him. I voted for Gage,
but in the light of present events I must
say that I regret it."
Vice President J. C. Branncr. Profes
sors J. M. Stillman, F. A. Fetter and R.
1,. Green are also opposed to Burns and
extra session.
George W. Woodworth. a retired capi
talist living on the campus, has been a
life-long Republican, and is a pioneer,
coming to California early In the forties.
For the past ten years he has been a
resident of Santa Clara County and an
active member in politics. When asked
his opinion concerning Burns and the ex
tra session he expressed himself freely.
"I think that the election of Dan Burns
would be the worst calamity that could
befall not only to the Republican party
of this State but all the people of Cali
fornia as well. It means that we spend
$200,000 in electing a Senator and then
EUREKA.
EUREKA. Jan. 26.— J. w. Henderson,
president of the llumboldt County
Bank— l believe that the election of
Burns to the United States Senate
would seriously impair the strength of the
Republican party In the State. If the ex
tra session results in the selection of some
other good Republican I should say the
move would be a good one for the party.
W. N. Speegle, manager Dally Standard-
Republicans of this section do not regard
Burns' candidacy with favor. I hope some
one else will be chosen, as the interests of
the party demand that a man be sent to
the Senate who has the confidence of the
whole people. In the event of Burns being
defeated the extra session will do the
party no harm.
P.. 8e11, lumberman— Any one but Burns.
His election would mean the defeat of the
party at the next election.- If it turns out
that* the session was not called in his in
terest it will be a good thing for the party
and will dispose of vexatious questions.
Dr. W. H. Wallace— Dan Burns is a per
sonal friend of mine, but I recognize the
fact that he Is less popular in this county
than any other candidate.
F. W. Georgeson, cashier Humboldt
County Bank— The selection of Burn 3
would be suicidal. M«Kinley Is as popular
as any living man. but the State would go
against him if Dan Burns is sent to the
Senate. ." _ ;. : *
E. W. Haight, merchant— The people do
not favor Burns. That fact can be easily
ascertained by a little investigation, and
for the sake of the party I should not like
to see him sent to the Senate. In case
some other man is selected I believe the
extra session will not injure the chances
of the party next fall.
D. R. Georgeson — The sentiment is prac
tically all against Burns. It will be a sad
mistake if he is selected Senator.
W. S. Clark, capitalist— l will be strong
ly tempted to vote the Democratic ticket
If Burns la elected Senator. Such a selec
tion would do the party much injury at
the polls next fall. This part of the State
will not sanction such a course.
Dr. W. E. Cook— lf the Legislature
meets and transacts promptly the bus
iness before it, selecting some good man
for Senator, it will benefit the party.
Burns is not popular In this part of the
State. -
ANGELS CAMP.
+ -?¦
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 26.— Hon. Har
vey S. Blood, Assemblyman from
thl<» diitrift — Without a rtonhf
an understanding exists and
an Interesting session will ensue. I
am not in favor of the election of Burn 3
to the United States Senate, and if after
the balloting it is evident that a Repub
lican candidate cannot be elected and tha
conditions are favorable, I will favor the
election of a reputable Democrat, such as
ilarion tie Vries. I will not go into a
caucus except it be one of the whole In
which it is intended that a candidate will
be decided upon or an anti-Burns caucus
to see where we stand. I do not think;
Burns stands a show.
Frank Kgan, County Committeeman
and Fostmaater— lt is dUflcult to say that
the reasons cited by Gage for the calling
or the extra session are not sufficient,
but the election of a Senator seems para
mount. I am unalterably opposed to the
election of Burns and do not believe that
Gage should be allowed to pay his politi
cal obligations in this manner. I think
that there are enough conservative Demo
crats in the legislative body to control the
vote on another than Burns, in the event
of the Republican members agreeing upon
a candidate.
Dr. C. D. Smith, proprietor Calaveras
Hotel — The reasons given by Governor
Gage for the assembling of the Legisla
ture in extraordinary session are simply
a ruse and are all summed up in the
first— the election of a United States Sena
tor. It has put an unnecessary expense
upon the State and if Burns is sent to
the Senate it will be a disgrace.
S. A. Hoffman, proprietor of the Angels
Record— lt is an outrage on the people
to have a Governor that can be used for
such a purpose.
John Davey, proprietor cf the White
House — If both Gage and Burns were in
Hades the people would be better off. The
extra session is a scheme on Its face and
a disgrace.
John Carley— Governor Gage's reasons
for calling the extra session are a subter
fuge and the election of Dan Burns will
mean the political death of the Republi
can party In this State.
E. I. Thomas— The extra session i 3 not
necessary ana mean 3 an expense on the
people of this State. Burns is a disgrace
to the State and the scheme to elect him
should be stopped.
W. E. Harry— Gage was not Justified in
calling the extra session. He is a Burns
man and his call is but the attempt to
pay a political debt.
William Thomas— lt Is not right that
Gage should be allowed to foist a man
like Burns on the people by calling an
extra session, using such reasons as he
does for the purpose.
Alphonso Barry, attorney— ln th© rea
sons given by Governor Gage for the as
sembling of the Legislature at this tlms
•? -?¦
SANT JOSE, Jan. 16— Gage's proposi
tion to convene the State Legisla
ture in special session for the pur
pose of electing Dan Burns Senator
is not receiving much support from Re
publicans, and especially is it condemned
among farmers and horticulturists, whe
look upon it as a wasteful expenditure ol
the people's money.
Judge J. R. Lewis, one of the most
prominent Republicans In the county— l
think the calling of an extra session ol
the L» gislature wholly unnecessary. The
;>n-ie:;ses set forth In the call are wholly
without foundation and are a humbug.
The central idea of it ail is the hope<l-foi
election of Dan Burns to the United
States Senate. Gage deferred the call un
til he saw there was no hope of Quay
being seated and that he could not ap-
P'.lnt Burns, and after lie was sure his
Mexican friend would be elected. At the
com:ng election th*> Republican party of
this county will make no mistake and will
not re-elect any of those who vote for
Burns. Gages action will most likely
make California I>< mocratie next year.
D. H. Bryant— The extra session will
jprove a calamity to the Republican party
in this county. It is a well-known fact
"' t '-Z-Z ¦•¦ t-tHy rc-iwirJii for assembling
•- '.. .< glslators was to elect Dan Burns
td the United States Senate. Tlie methods
of Burns are not in keeping with the prln
<;;>;<•* of the Republican party. His de
falcation as Secretary ol State and his
record in A'exico will disrupt the party
end bring disgrace to the fcitate. I nder
itf- guii-<- of the need of the enactment of
lifti-en U»p. the Governor is lending him
reU to that politican. By no means
should Burns be elected.
O. D. Blaney— There is no necessity for
an extra seMlon and it is a useless ex
travagance. The election of Burns
prompted Gage in the matter. Burns is
Dot a lit representative for California in
the I'nited hiatcs Senate.
J. 11. Koerbor — An extra srsMon was not
needed. Our representatives should have
done all that is now set for the extra
:-• nloa when they last mot. It Is simply
v waste of the people's rnonc-y.
A. T. Herrmann— lt is humbug for Gage
to call an extra session for the sake of
fc*atir.g Dan Burns in the United States
S'-nati . 1 am strongly opposed to an ex
tra session and to Dan Burns. It means
turning o'er the State to the Democrats.
U*. C. Aiiiirtrvvs— lt is nonsense t-j call
an extra *< :-^ioh ar.d merely creates ex
tra expense.
\\\ IL. Crossrc.ir.— l think the extra ses-
Fion is necessary in order to elect a
Senator. The Republican parly has con
trol oi the State and thc-y should have a
tjrr;ator.
Cttjr Attorney Bcasly— it is unfortunate
that the legislature in the last regular
Frssion failed to elect a United States
H-nator when there were plenty of good
men to select frum. From the record of
the last Legislature I Judge the extra ses
sion will be a long one and if it is pro
longed it will be an outrage on the tax-
I<a>«-r». Cal!frr::!a neod? a Senator badly
—yea. two of thrm, cpp<-eia!}> at this lim
-and one should be elected at one* such
a man as General Barnes or Irving M
Fcott. The work cut out for the extra
Msstoa should have been performed at
th« last Kcssicn. It is hardly to be ex
pected that the present passion will be
*jided In any reasonable time.
J. J. JSonthoimer— The extra session i.s
rot needed, ano it is mpre'y convened to
boost Burns into the Sena tors hi p.
F F. Freltag voiced the same senti
ment.
9
SANTA BARBARA.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 26.— The rail
of Governor Gage for a special ses
sion of the legislature for the pur-
pobc of electing a United States Sen
ator, and the possibility of Dan Burns b.»-
Ir.g c.->cu-d. is received very unfavorably
here, most Republicans considering the
move a very unwise one. and the general
opinion is that nothing beneficial will re
sult. The following opinions from the
leading Republicans of this county repre
acci IM views of the people:
Chairman K. M. P> le of the County
Central Committee— The call for a special
*e*sion is unnecessary, uncalled for, mil
the t-lertion of Dan Hums to the United
£>tatf« Senate would be a disgrace to civ
ilization and the defeat of the Republican
jjarty in thl* State for years.
District Attorney EL \V. S'juicr— The ac
tiun of Governor Gage in regard to the
«x:ra session is unwise, and Dan Burns
Ik not a suitable man for the position of
h*-nator.
City Attorney 11. C. Booth— lf the extra
Ksslon is spent in needed legislation, such
as a new street improvement act to ovor
c me the constitutional objections to the
present law, 1 believe me expense of hoi«l
ing th* session will be money well sprnt.
1 see no reason why Mr. Burns would
not make an energetic and capable Sen
ator. Of his character I Know nothing ex
cept what 1 have read in the newspapers.
Jerorar C. Wilson— l believe the call for
s fcp«*c!al session will resuit in nothing but
needless expense, and Dan Burns Is not
the man the people of the State want for
fcinatfir.
W. P. Butcher— l believe the call for a
rpecia! cession is a wise one, but I would
regret to think that the people of Califor
nia would plare Dan Burns in a Senator's
fcoat in Washington.
W. C. Griffith— The special session may
be neetesary. but Dan Burns should not
tx> elected United States Senator.
L*. M. Huir — Governor Gage was elected
by Dan Hums, and I consider it his duty
to do what he can for him.
Deputy District Attorney J. J. Squlor—
The call for lh«» special session Is an un
necessary expense, and nothing will be
gained cf any public benefit. Dan Burns
SAN JOSE.
Dan Burns
Is Too
Heavy a
Burden
for the Repub
lican Party
of California
to Carry.
Leading Republicans Throughout the State Declare the Mexican Unfit to
Represent This Empire in the Senate of the United States-
His Election Woulci Be a Disgrace.
DAN BURNS is not wanted by the people of California to represent them' in the upper house of the national legislature. This has been amply demon
strated in the columns of The Call on numerous occasions: To ascertain if there had been any change in the sentiment of the people. on the Senatorial
question The Call instructed its correspondents in fifty cities of the State to interview, without discrimination, ten leading Republicans as to the wis
dom of the call for the extra session and the fitness of the Mexican for the Senatorial toga. The responses printed below show most conclusively that the better
element of the State is unalterably and unmistakably opposed to the pretensions of Gage's political creator, and regards the many reasons advanced by the Gov
ernor for convening the Legislature in extraordinary session as only a subterfuge to elevate Burns to the Senatorship. The majority strongly denounce the
Governor in no uncertain terms for the special summons, and unqualifiedly declare that he is not conducting his office with much consideration for the inter
ests of his party. They assert that the work cut out for the extra session should have been performed last winter, and that the State will not be compensated
one tithe for the heavy tax the session will entail. Only a few approve the move of the Governor. They do so on the ground that the State is entitled to
two Senators at Washington, and the call is, therefore, proper in order to obtain full representation. A mere handful go on record as favoring Burns. They
are blind to the rascality of a man with a reputation so besmirched that all the waters of old ocean could not cleanse it, and have the temerity to pronounce
him a decidedly proper person. The expressions of many, who are citizens of high standing in their respective towns, are an ominous warning to the solons
who gather at Sacramento on Monday next. They see in the Governor's wordy call only a disgraceful scheme to boost the Mexican into the Senatorship, and
unhesitatingly declare that it will be detrimental to the best interests of the Republican party. If the conspiracy be carried to a successful termination it will
seriously impair the strength of the party in the State, and so disgust the people that the outrage will be resented in a most decisive manner at the polls when
the next election occurs.
CALIFORNIA LIFTS HER MIGHTY VOICE AGAINST BURNS
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 2S.— A number of
prominent Republicans Interviewed
here to-day regarding the wisdom
» of an extra session and the pro
posed scheme to elect Burns Senator ex
pressed themselves as being strongly
against the move.
W. J. Eardley, one of the directors of
the Agricultural Fair Association and a
well-known Insurance man, said: "Tha
extra session ia bound to cost the people
of this State an immerse amount of
money and I fail to see any necessity
which justifies it. Burns Is certainly not
my choice as Senator, but there seems to
be little doubt that he Is the man to oc
cupy the position. The party co*uld better
aflord to do without a Senator than bear
the burden of an extra session.
Henry G. Hahman, the well-known sta
tioner, expressed himself along similar
lines. He said: "The extra session means
that thousands and thousands of dollars
will be spent for which the people will
get little If any returns. Had the Legis
lature done its duty last winter It would
have elected a Senator then. No Gover
nor of this State ever called a special ses
sion of the Legislature yet without regret
ting It and I fear the present case will
prove no exception."
L. X. Hitchcock, chairman of the Re"' 1
publican County Central Committee, sai
that while he might have a private opin
ion regarding: the matter he had none for
publication and declined to be interviewed.
A. B. Lemmon also begged to be t ac
cused.
Rev. W. L. Gaston, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, had no hesitation about
expressing himself and said: "I am free
to admit that the only reason I can sen
for this special session is a background
In which Burns looms up an uncanny as
pirant for the Senatorship. The people
do not want him on moral grounds. Brig
ham H. Roberts is to be preferred."
C. E. Haven, captain, commanding'
Company E: "The whole thing is a
scheme of the railroad to elect Burns to
the Senate. If Quay had been seated no
extra session would have been held, for
Gage would have appointed Burns direct.
Governor Gage was elected by the people
of California, but 1 am sorry to say that
I think he pays more attention to other
things than to their interests. He is cer
tainly not conducting his office with much
consideration for the interests of his
party."
Dr. C. 11. Thompson— l hope to see the
time when Senators are elected by direct
vote of the people and such affairs as this
are no longer possible. 1 believe we
should have another Senator. We are
entitleJ to the honor, but would be bet
ter off without It than represented by an
unsatisfactory man. I do not favor
Burns. \V c want a man who can repre
sent the State as she should be represent
ed. The extra session will prove a costly
affair in more ways than one, I fear.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 58.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLBAKERSFIELD.
there Is nothing that would warrant such
action. His reasons are flimsy on the face
«f them and it is evident that he has
be«n forced to give way to the inevitable
and pay his political obligations. If his
scheme carries and Dan Burns Is elected
to the Senate of the United States. It
will be a standing and burning disgrace
to the State. This State needs a Sena
tor badly, but It would be better off with
out one "than to send a man like Burns to
represent it.
LAKEFORT, Jan. 26.-W. L. Rldeout.
Editor Bee — Governor Gage un
doubtedly understands the sltua-
tion. I am satisfied that a Senator
will be elected or he would not have called
the «_xtra session. If the Legislature does
cxpeditiously its work the State and party
will be benefited. I know nothing of Col
onel Burns except through hearsay. But
the fact that his own neighbors speak well
cf him convinces me that he is not half as
black as painted. I am satisfied that our
k£it>iatcrs will do their duty.
A. Levy, Merchant — Governor Gage in
calling tne Legislature in extra session
iisis made a mistake. His actiun is only
carrying out a job to elect Dan Burns
Jjeiiator. He would not be in any eer.se a
lit man to represent the interest of the
j.'eople of <"aJilornla. The scheme, if car
ried through, will be acaiust the interests
of the Republican party.
Frank liuwe. Republican County Central
Committee — I believe the only purpose of
calling- the extra session was a scheme to
elect Dan Burns United States Senator.
Am first and last opposed to him. Believe
me vacancy bhould tie lllled, but by a bet
ter man.
Cieorge Lyon, Supervisor— An extra ees
tion is entirely unnecessary. The reasons
Civen by Gage can be htld over lor the
next regular session. The conduct of
L'urns while Secretary of State should
forever debar him from favorable indorse
ment by the people of California. 1 want
a better man for Senator, tcott preferred.
A E. Norris— There was no absolute ne
cessity of calling an extra session. We
had enough of the regular session. I have
never been in favor of Mr. Burae for Sen
ator, but do want sume gooU man elected
to till the vacancy.
6. S. Russell, County Assessor — The call
ing of thtvLegislature in extra session waa
unwise. The reasons given by Gage are a
mere covering of the scheme to elect Dan
Burns Senator. 1 dv not believe our rep
resentatives at Sacramento will ignore
the sentiment against Burns and some
good man will be elected.
A. H. Deputy— A number of reasons are
civ.n by Governor Gage for calling the
Legislature in extra session, but sim
mered down there Is but one reason— that
cf electing Burns United States Senator.
Burns* name is bad. Always to beat his
fellow man is his record, and he would
follow his bent toward the people of Cali
fornia if ejected.
W. E. Greene, bank cashier— l am dis
appointed in Governor Gage. He should
not have called an extra session of the
Legislature. California- would be better
off twice over with a vacancy than to
nave a man with the record of Dan Burns
as Lnited States Senator.
William Appleton, merchant— l do not
think that the needs of California at the
X'resent time require an extra session of
the Legislature. All the reasons given
r>y the Governor for his action appear only
to be a subterfuge to elevate Dan Burns.
To elect such a man United States Sena
tor would be an outrage on the decent
minded people of California.
M S. Sayre. District Attorney— l realize
the Importance of having a Senator elect
ed, but aid not favor calling a special ses
sion for that purpose. However, since it
ha f, , been called I hope the Legislature
wil' have the good sense to elect a Senator
promptly and transact such other busi
ness as may be necessary and adjourn
without delay.
lican— l believe the reasons given for the
calling of the extra session are a blind,
the main purpose being to elect Dan
Burns Senator. While 1 know nothing
against Burns, I believe that if he is
elected at this session it means some one
has got some dough, and if elected it will
work a great injury to the Republican
party at the next election.
D. S Blackburn, a retired capitalist and
Influential Republican— lt is an outrage.
The election of Burns would be a greater
outrage on the people of this State. Gage
has made a monstrous ass of himself.
Gage will lose, if he has not already lost,
all his influence in this county.
E. S. Hall, Chairman County Republican
Central Committee— "l think there was no
er>ing need of the session, although the
State should have two Senators. It Is
very bad policy to call an extra session
without absolute knowledge that a Sena
tor could be elected. Unless the Governor
knows by a canvass that a Senator can
be elected it was impolitic to call the Leg
islature together. If a Senator can be
elected, then the Governor is Justified."
Hall, however, is strongly opposed to
"Mxtcan" Dan Burns, in common with
other Republicans. He believes a better
man should be selected.
Postmaster C. D. Bonestell— "Gage did
rieht. The State should have another
MERCED. Jan. rG.-J. w. Knox.
chairman of the County Republi
can Central Committee— The ex
tra eesslon is not for the interest
of the taxpayers of this State, but was
called by the Governor sfmply to i>l«ct
Dan Burns Senator. Burns has the power
to rule Gage, and nt his request the Gov
ernor called the extra session, for it was
believed that they had secured enough
votes to capture the Senatorship. I believe
the extra session Is unnecessary and that
it is an imposition to put the taxpayers to
this unnecessary expense.
A. Delong— l don't believe the Governor
ehould have called this extra session and
cause this expense, that the taxpayers
will have to meet, for it will take some
time for them to decide who will repre
eent California in the Senate. Dan Burns
no matter how hard he may try, will ro t
be elected, and It Is my opinion that thore
are thousands of men In the State far
better fit to represent it than he. and Cali
fornia, would derive no good through elect
ing r.'.in.
Dr. H. Deloss— l am in favor of the ex
tra session of the Legislature which was
called by Governor Gage, for I beliove
that the question of who is to represer.t'us
in the Senate at Washington should be
settled. In my opinion Dan Burns has a
pood chance for the place. The extra se«-
Bion was surely called by Gage at the re
quest of Burns, who would be favored f.ir
the aid he rendered Gage in the last cam-
Senator. I believe in a caucus, when the
lowest man on each succeeding ballot
should be dropped till a Republican Sena
tor is selected/ Bonestell is not a Burns
man. He prefers other timber.
F. S. Ccok. ex-Town Marshal and a Re
publican leader in local politics— l believe
that the calling of the session is justified,
provided a Senator is elected. Opposition
should unite against Burns, who is not
the choice of the people of this State and
certainly not of this county. Burns
should not force himself upon the people
when he surely knows he is not their
choice.
MODESTO, Jan. 26.— W. W. Thomp
son—l believe that an extra ces
sion of the Legislature Is en
tirely uncalled for at present, and
It •will be a disgrace to the Republican
party and the State to elect Dan Burns
United States Senator.
W. E. Daunt— l am opposed to the elec
tion of Dan Burns United States Senator,
and in my opinion an extra session of '. c
Legislature is unnecessary.
A. McAllister — The Legislature had am
ple time to elect a United States Sena
tor at the regular ression. I am opposed
to an extra session and the election of
SENATORIAL CONSPIRACY
ROUSES SANTA BARBARA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 26— The Republican County Committee
will issue a call to-morrow for a mass-meeting to be held here Monday
night for the purpose of protesting against the possible election of Dan
Burns as United States Senator from this State. The people are trreatly
worked up over the outlook, and the leading business men of the town
feel that it is their duty to do all in their power to prevent it. No one of
any importance here holds him in anything but contempt, and all there
fore will enter a protest
paign when he was elected Governor.
D. K. Stofldard— lf Governor Gag" has
called an extra session of the Legislature
for the purpose of electing Dan Burns n>
Senator he has made a very great mis
take, for surely Burns ie not the people's
choice to represent them in the United
States Senate.
James Leonard, member of the County
Centra! Committee — I believe that 'he
Governor knew what he was doing when
he called the extra session. Burns should
be elected Senator.
Burns. It would be a disgrace tn th*
t^tate and the Republican ipmy Select
him United States Senator. ct
v> E. Kewan— l am in favor of W H
~. Barnes for United States Senator 'but
Kature aV ° r °' M eXtm * eSsi ™ °' «2
j^ffiJSffl "senafor^My <&SST£
C^^ Soi pii^
HpiSiipi
elect a successor to Stephen m wL,°
ff SSSSI
VENTURA. Jan. 26.— When the news |
was flashed to Ventura that Gov
ernor Gape had called an extra }
cession for the 22th ir.st. surprise .
and consternation were on the face of 1
every Republican. Republican sentiment 1
is almost unanimous against an extra ses
sion. Gage, Burns and the Southern Pa- J
cJfic are severely condemned. The Demo
crate are smiling and calling it Gaga's
"crow feast," and asking if the Gage-
Burns circus would show in Sacramento
to the full sixty days.
This county is v unit for Hon. Thomas
R. Bard of Hueneme. The following
prominent Republicans of this city were
Interviewed to-night and their sentiments
are generally against "Mexican Dan":
Mayor J. S. Collins, Trustee Los Angeles
State Normal School— "Personally I think
that the calling cf an extra session is
needless and greatly Impolitic, especially
if Dan Burns is to be elected. I cannot
imagine why an extra session should be
called. It will harm Gage and certainly
not do him any good." Mayor Collins was
emphatic in his denunciations of Gover
cor Gage and Dan Burns.
Frank E. Barnard, a prominent Repub-
AUBURN, Jan. 26.-Professor W.-M
Mackay-I believe everything has
been aufflclently greased to elect
Dan Burns. Otherwise the extra session
would not hare been called. However
In either event, I am fearful of the legis
lative result at the next election.
C. W. Morrow— This. extra session, par
ticularly if Burns is elected, will ruin the
party. ... . , '.:. » ; . - . .
J. Fulton— l have * not thought much
know he would do more for the State than
anybody else.— R. T. McMillan.
An extra session is uncalled for, arid
nothing more disastrous could happen to
the Republican party than the election of
Dan M. Burns as Senator.— T. H. Thomp
son.
I most decidedly oppose Dan Burns
election as United States Senator.— J. B
Beckwlth.
•
PLACERVILLE.
PLACERVILLE, Jan. 26.— Judge Fred
Adams, one of the most prominent
attorneys of this city and a Repub-
lican from the foundation of the
party and prominent for nearly forty
¦years in party councils, said— As a general
rule I am opposed to extra sessions of the
Legislature. The history of extra ses
sions in the past has been that they have
been utter failures for the purpose for
which they have been called. I am not
In favor of the election of Colonel D. M.
Burns to the United States Senate, neither
do I favor the election of U. S. Grant Jr.
I think the best Interests of the party
would be best subserved by the election
of. an entirely new man — one of proper
ability and largely Interested in the pros
perity of the State. Thomas R. Bard of
Ventura I believe to be such a man and
I think no better choice could be made.
George A. Richardson, secretary of the
Republican County Central Committee
and for seventeen years the editor and
proprietor of the Republican, the leading
Republican newspaper In the county — I
recognize in Colonel D. M. Burns a man
who has been a potent factor in Republi
can party success in this State, but be
lieve that party harmony would be best
promoted by the selection of a new man
for the Senate. From a partisan stand
point, the calling of an extra session may
result in an advantage to the Republican
national administration if it results in tho
election of a United States Senator. On
the other hand, the extra session is ex
tremely hazardous to the welfare of the
party in the next two campaigns in this
State. If the session is unduly prolonged
or if it results In the election of a Senator
whom the people generally will condemn
it is reasonable to conclude that they will
hold the Republican party responsible for
the actions which they disapprove. I am
personally opposed to the election of D.
M. Burns, because I feel certain that it
will weaken the strength- of the party in
this State.
W. F. Falrchild, a leading druggist of
this city — Extra sessions have been fail
ures In the past. I hope this one will not
be 60. I am opposed to the election of
Colonel D. M. Burns to the Senate. I
hope to see a Republican elected who will
command the respect of the entire State
and will harmonize the party.
John P. Fisher, County Clerk— l believe
that we should have a Senator, and, of
course, the extra session Is the only way
to secure one. I am opposed to the elec
tion of Colonel Burns — would like to see
Irving M. Scott or Horace Davis elected.
Dr. S. H. Rantz— l don't think there was
any call for an extra session at this time
and I think the Governor Is entailing
needless expense upon the people of the
State. I am decidedly opposed to Dan M.
Burns for the United States Senate — think
it better that the State should continue
unrepresented than to suffer the calamity
of his election.
John P. G. Miller, a prominent attorney
and feadlng Republican— There was no
necessity for an extra session at this time
and the Governor's proclamation came as
a surprise to me. 1 am unalterably op
posed to the election of Dan Burns to
the United States Senate.
M. Q. Meehan, a leading hardware mer
chant and prominent in local Republican
politics— l think the calling of an extra
session at this time was a mistake. I
am opposed to the election of Colonel
Burns to the Senate of the United States.
Theodore Schaub, one of the best-known
Republicans In the county and one of the
proprietors of the Ohio, the leading hotel
of this city — Extra sessions of the Cali
fornia Legislature have In the past been
costly failures to the people of the State.
Believing in party harmony, I do not
favor the election of Colonel D. M. Burns
to the United States Senate.
•V TC TTILLOWS. Jan. 26.— H. W.
\/\/ "Walker, secretary Republican
* ~ Central Committee— lt seems
to me that the Governor of the
State should know whether or not mat
ters to come before the Legislature are of
sufficient Importance to Justify calling an
extra session. So far as the Senatorshlp
is concerned I think there are Republi
cans in reach who would please the peo
ple better than Burns.
H. W. Elliott— l hardly think the extra
session should have been called. I am de
cidedly opposed to having Burns elected
Senator.
J. H. Graves, Auditor and Recorder of
Glenn County— lf the Legislature can
elect a Senator. I am in favor of the ex
tra session. Ido not know Burns— in fact
have never seen him — but from what I
have heard about him I think it would
be better for the State not to send him
to the Senate.
I. V. Devenpeck, prominent land own
er—l do not think the session will amount
to much. I do not think Burns will be
elected, and, furthermore, I do not think
a mistake to elect him as Senator.
Judge H. C. Lillle— An extra session is
all right. But Burns is not the man for
Senator. It will be a great blow to the
Republican party if he Is elected.
J. V. Huffaker— The calling of a spe
cial session Is bad political policy. Burns
is a rascal. He should not be elected.
There are too many bad men in office al
ready.
A LAMEDA, Jan. 26.— T. Carpenter,
/-\ Veterinary Inspector Alameda—
r~ -*- The calling of the extra session
Is indeed a serious mistake. It is
a mistake because we are on the eve of
a Presidential campaign and our oppo
nents will make the most out of It. To
elect Dan Burns will only make matters
ten times worse. Complications will be
sure to follow this untimely action. The
wisdom of the managers of the Repub«
Hcan party ought to prevail and prevent
any further mistakes. The people do not
want Burns, and he knows it.
George E. Clarke — Gage has done more
injury to the Republican party by this
last freak of his than anything else I
know of could do. It Is simply idiotic.
The Burns iniluence must be tremendous
to sway a man to betray his party in
the way Gage has. It will certainly do us
a great deal of harm.
E. A. Randlett— l am afraid the Repub
lican party is going to pay dearly for this
extra session in more ways than one. It
seems to have been called for the pur
pose of electing Dan B.urns and nothing
else. There Is no other good reason why
it should have been convened. This ac.
tion on the part of Gage will have Its ef
fect when the Presidential election takes
place.
Captain J. C. Hanley— We certainly
don't want a man like Dan Burns for
Senator of this State. He is too repug
nant. He may be a bright man In his
way, but It is not the right way. We
know too much of his record. Some one
who has a moral character at least ought
to be elected Senator. I don't want to
see any one that Gage favors get into a
high office. As to his calling an extra
session, I think that it was done for
Burns' benefit, and that the Republican
party will pay the piper.
Joseph F. Forderer, City Trustee— l
think the sentiment of the Republican
party, rank and file, Is against Dan Burns.
If a popular vote were asked he would
be snowed under. Therefore, it would
seem to be for the best Interests of the
party to elect some fit man. We have
plenty of material in this State and ought
to have two good Senators. This extra
session is going to do the party Immense
harm. The party managers will soon flnd
that they have made a serious mistake.
SONORA, Jan. 26.— Republicans of
Tuolumne County condemn the ac
tion of the Governor in calling an
extra session, believing it has been
called in the Interest of Burns, whom they
do not think the proper man for Senator.
Barnes, Scott or Estee would give entire
satisfaction. ,<-.:¦ ... •
TULARE. Jan. 26.— 1 believe the cull
has been made for the purpose of
electing D. M. Burns Senator. It
is to be regretted that the' Governor
has yielded to the machine politicians,
and if Burns is elected I believe that it
will lose the State in the coming election.
The feeling against him is too strong and
too bitter for reconciliation.— W. P. Rat
lift.
I am opposed to an extra session of the
Legislature and opposed to the election of
Burns.— Charles Delre.
I think the Governor makes a mistake In
calling an extra session of the Legisla
ture, and I wouldn't like to see Burns
elected Senator.— John Tuohy.
I believe in an extra session, but am op
posed to the. election of Burns to the Sen
ate for the welfare of the Republican
party.— L. Schoenemann.
1 I am not opposed to an extra session,
but am not In favor of having Burns
elected Senator. Neither have I seen a
Republican yet who is.— M. C. Zumwalt.
I am of the opinion that all will be well
if it ends well— lf the Legislature holds a
short session, gives deserved attention to
the measures submitted by the Governor
and elects to the United States Senate a
man who stands well in the estimation of
the people. The Legislature and the Gov
ernor will be Justified by its works, but if
after a bitter fight and a protracted ses
sion the head of tne San Francisco pusn
is chosen Senator the result will consti
tute a disaster to the Republican party
and a humiliation to California,— A. J.
Pillsbury.
I think there Is no necessity for an ex
tra session. Everything should and could
have been legislated -at the proper time,
and. l do not like to see Burns elected
Senator.— A. W. Wheeler.
The whole affair is a big mistake, and
all the good that could possibly be accom
plished would not overbalance the. injury
to the State and the Republican party by
the election of. Burns.— J. W. Davis.
I think it is an outrage to put Burns in
the Senate., De Young is my man, a? I
A DESPERATE EFFORT TO STEAL THE SENATORIAL PLUM.
AUBURN.
State would be improved by electing: some
other man for Senator.
George C. Gaylord, merchant— Am sorry
Governor Gage permitted himself to be
prevailed upon to call an extra session.
There could have been but one main pur
pose in such a step, and that was to brin?
about the election of Colonel D. M. Burna
as United States Senator. Whne I admire
the colonel as a political hustler, I don t
think he is the right kind of timber to
represent us. •_,
B. F. Snell, merchant— Am not a Dan
Burns man. California has too many
good men to send one like Burns to Wash
ington. Of course I want to see a Senator
elected to help Senator Perkins uphold
the administration on the part or our
State, ar.d therefore I have felt no objec
tion to the calling of a special session.
LOS GATOS. Jan. 26.— John C. Worth
—The calling of the extra session of
the Legislature is tho most trans
parent political piece of humbug 1
ever heard of. and an Insult to the peo
ple of California. I consider Dan Burns
a political sham. I voted for Fremont in
ISSB and for every Republican candidate
for President since that time.
Ellas Holladay, hardware merchant-
I do not think an extra session is neces
sary, and I take no stock in Burnsanrt
never did, and it would be a disgrace to
the State to elect him
Wesley Peck-I doubt the wi3dom ,,™in?J
extra session. It would be a burning
shame to elect Burns a Senator, and ir no
is elected a Senator I wil b« ashamed
of my adopted State of California.
John o. Fitch-I do not think an extra
session necessary, and In my optnioa
Burns la an unlit man for Senator, ami
the State had better be without repre
sentation than have him as Senator.
Scott would be my choice.
Dr R, P. Gober— An extra session «In
my opinion unnecessary, and it would be
a disgrace to the State to elect Burns as
S6 Dr. l j!'A. Rice. dentist-I think the Gov
ernor took snap Judgment on the peop.4
in his call for an extra session of tne Leg
islature. Burns Is not my man.
Benjamin H. Noble— The call for an ex
tra session of the Legislature is unneces
sary, and if Burns should be elected a
United States Senator I will be ashamed
of the Republican party or of any party
that would elect him.
Charles W. Holden— ln my opinion an
extra session Is entirely unnecessary, and
I have no use for Burns. Any Republican
except Burns will suit me.
F F. Watkins. cashier Bank of Los
Gatos— l can see no good reason for an
extra session, and would prefer to have
no Senator rather than to have -Burna. J
John W. Lyndon, president Bank of LoS
Gatos— An extra session was unnecessary.
I am not in favor of Burns for Senator
and never was.
R. R. Bell, attorney at law— l think an
extra session necessary in order to elect a
Senator, but I believe it would not have
been called but for Dan Burns, who de
sires to be elected United States Senator.
He is a man I take no stock in. My
choice is General Barnes or some other
good man, but Dan Burns never.
E E Springer, Town Marshal— l do not
think an extra session is necessary. I
don't go a cent on Burns and never did. 1
would prefer White to Burns. Barnes or
Scott would suit me.
B. F. Williams, Town Councilman— l
think an extra session unnecessary, ar.a
do nnt believe that it would have been
called but for Dan Burns, who seems to
be the power behind the throne, and It
was called entirely In his interests in mv
opinion. I am opposed to Burns, but any
other Republican will suit me.
R F. Robertson. City Attorney— Tho
last session of the Legislature seems to
have left so much unfinished business tUat
the call for an extra session appears to
me to be a necessity. lam willing to tmn
in the ability of Governor Gage, and think
he is better posted than some of those on
the outside. Relative to the Senatorial
proposition. I think that Colonel Dan^l
Burns is a superior person to any or hi*
detractors. He certainly Is a man of
mark or he would not have the enemies
he has. The colonel has my unqualified
support. ¦ 4
WILLOWS.
VENTURA.
TULARE.
VISALIA.
SONORA.
MODESTO.
MERCED.
ALAMEDA.
about the matter, but I believe It will be
injurious to the party should Burns be
elected. I do not favor any of the old
candidates. Scott is my man.
W. R. Arthur— l believe the extra ses
sion movement Is unpopular with the
country people.
H. H. Richmond— With no disparaging
word for any of the other candidates,
now that General Barnes Is out of the
fight, I have a preference for Irving M.
Scott.
J. W. McCullough— l think an extra
session not a good move for the party.
W. J. Lurns- 1 don't think this extra
session Is at all popular with the peo
ple, but a good deal depends on the out
come. If Barnes or Scott were to be elect
ed the people might overlook the ex
pense. I have heard of hardly anybody
who is in favor of this extra session
movement.
J. H. Wills— l do not think the people
here were anxious for an extra session.
It will prove an expensive affair, with
the chances that little good will come
of it.
O. K. White — This extra session is a
humbug. If Burns is elected it will surely
hurt the party.
m. . ....
SALINAS.
SALINAS. Jan. 26.— 0f all the promi
nent Republicans interviewed to
night in Salinas it Is the consensus
of opinion of the majority that Dan
Burns ought not to and will not represent
California in the United States Senate.
C. F. Lacey, chairman of the Republi
can Central Committee— From a political
standpoint the calling of an extra session
is unwise in the extreme. The Republi
cans of this county are a unit against the
Senatorial aspirations of D. M. Burns.
They would not approve, but would con
demn any act or vote of their representa
tive (Senator Flint) In caucus or out of
caucus which would add to Burns' chance
of success, but they have no fears of
"Tom" voting wrong.
J. R. Hebbron said he thought It was a
good idea to call an extra session: that
California should be represented by an
other Senator, but that he did not know
whether the best man would be elected
or not.
Coroner 11. V. Muller asserted that the
whole affair of calling an extra session
as well as the scheme to elect Dan Burns
was highway robbery and should not be
tolerated.
Postmaster John R. Joy believes that It
is the universal opinion of all the Repub
licans in this community that Burns
should not be elected Senator. He did
not believe that the representatives who
voted against Burns the last time would
change this session.
Many other prominent lights in the Re
publican party in this county who could
not be seen to-night have given the un
qualified opinion that Burns should not
be elected. Others have signified their in
tention of writing personally to Senator
Flint urging him to vote against the Mex
ican.
• — :
A .
VISALIA, Jan. 26.— E. M. Jefferds,
County Auditor— lt Is a mistake to
call a special session if the object
is to elect Burns to the Senate.
Burns can't be elected squarely and fair
ly. There are plenty of good men avail
able who would give general satisfaction.
J. E. Denny, County Treasurer— l am in
favor of Burns. He ought to be elected
Senator. I think his services to the party
entitle him to credit and recognition at
this time.
George G. Murray, Deputy District At
torney—l don't want to see Burns elect
ed Senator. A San Joaquin Valley man
ought to have the place. Anybody but
Burns would suit the Republicans.
Charles G. Lamberson, chairman Re
publican County Central Committee— So
far as I am concerned I do not now think
and never have thought there was any
occasion for calling an extra session of
the Legislature. It is a bad political
move. The election of Dan Burns to be
Senator would be a great blow to the Re
publican party of this State and. would
certainly lose us the next Legislature.
John O. Thomas, County Recorder— lt
Is unwise to call a special session of the
Legislature. I don't want to see Burns
elected. He may be a good man, but his
reputation is notoriously bad.
W. S. Hayes— l know Burns personally
He hasn't the ability to be Senator. He's
nothing but a political schemer and
trickster. The Legislature will make a
great mistake if Burns is elected.
G. A. Botsford, treasurer Republican
County Central Committee— l think if
Burns can be elected United States Sena
tor he will do as- much good as any other
man mentioned.
Theodore Loventhal— There Is no occa
sion for a special session of the Legisla
ture. The scorching Dan Burns has re
ceived from the Republican press makes
him an undesirable man for Senator
R. P. Grant— l think the call for a' spe
cial session is an outrage and It win be a
greater outrage to elect Burns.
O. R. Cross— l am against Dan Burns
and all his class of people. He isn't fit to
represent respectable people anywhere
A. G. Wishon— lt will be very unfortu
nate for the Republican party if Dan
Burns Is elected. There Is no. need of a
special session at this time.
J. M. Boyntoa— So much has been pub
lished against Dan Burns it would bo
he should be. I do not believe the
people here want Burns.
Judge Plrkey— l am satisfied Governor
Gage knows his business and that in
calling an extra session of the Legisla
ture he did his duty. I believe it was
necessary. For Senator I prefer Burns.
County Surveyor Weston— l think the
calling of an extra session nothing but a
political scheme. As for electing Burns
Senator I think there are other men in
the Republican party more fit for the
place. I do not like to say anything
against Burns, but believe upright and
honest people do not favor him for Sen
ator.
F. Jenks, a wealthy rancher— l do not
think the extra session should have been
called. I am not in favor of Burns for
Senator.
William Finch, leading attorney— l be
lieve a Senator should b© elected but
would prefer to see some other person
than Burns elected. I do not believe the
people in this section want Burns.
C. R. Wickes, merchant— l think this
calling of an extra session of the State
Legislature a political scheme to elect
Dan Burns for Senator. I do not think
Dan Burns is the right man for the place.
He might boom the State in one sense of
the word, but he would make the State
pay for it. I think Burns is for Burns".
Dr. F. X. Tremblay. who always takes
active interest in political affairs— While I
am of the opinion that Burns could repre
sent the State well if he would, still I
believe It would be better for the party
and for all concerned to select a man
who has not had any reflections cast upon
his character. I believe the Governor did
right in calling the extra session.
NEVADA CITY.
NEVADA CITY, Jan. 26.— Sherman
W. Marsh, chairman Republican
County Central Committee— When
Governor Gage's call for the
extra session came to hand I went
over it carefully and could not do
otherwise than conclude it was a
piece of foolishness. I am satisfied the
Legislature cannot be prevailed upon by
the Governor to carry out his plans. As
for Colonel Burns and the Senatorshlp,
his selection would be a calamity to the
Republican party and the State. He is a
slick manipulator, but that does not qual
ify him to go to Washington.
David E. Morgan, member State Central
Committee— The extra session should not
have been called. It is a useless. expense
to the people, especially if it results in the
CUTTER HAS RESOLUTION
FOR EARLY ADJOURNMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 26.— Senator Cutter, representing * üba and
Sutter counties, will upon the convening of the Senate on Monday after
noon introduce and urge immediate consideration and passage of a con
current resolution adjourning the Legislature sine die at 2 p. m. on Sat
urday, February 10. He will also introduce and urge the passage of a
resolution declaring all offices of the Senate vacant except those abso
lutely necessary for the transaction of business which will be named. A
similar resolution will be offered in the Assembly. The object is to re
duce the cost of the extra session.
election of Colonel Burns. We can afford
better to be without one Senator than to
send him there. Senator Perkins is taking
card of our interests In good shape and will
continue to do it single-handed as long as
necessary.
A D. Mason, attorney— While popular
sentiment here Is undoubtedly against an
extra session, there exist several urgent
reasons which make it needed. Aside from
the election of a Senator some of the laws
to be presented are of the gravest import
ance. As long as any representative Re
publican is elected it would be better than
a vacancy or a Democratic Senator, in my
opinion.
elected we would soon appreciate that
fact.
Winfleld Scott, ex-chairman County Re
publican. Central Committee— The Gov
ernor was wise in calling the session. His
action was for the good of the State. All
concede the great Importance just now of
another Senator. Many are in favor of our
townsman Senator S. C Smith. He is a
clean, bright, vigorous man.
Assemblyman R. C. Dale — It was all
right to call an extra sr ssion. When askrvl
as to the scheme to elect Dan Burns. Mr.
Dale had nothing to say. He was a stanch
William G. Richards, merchant—Un
doubtedly Governor Gage performed his
duty as he saw It when he called the ex
tra session. Burns would not be my choice
for Senator; In fact, our representatives
cannot afford to elect him. Barnes suits
me best of any man I have heard men
tioned yet.
Charles E. Mulloy, merchant— l think it
plain that the extra session Is an unneces
sary expense. We have a majority In the
National Senate, and it is not urgent that
the Republicans of California elect a sec
ond member just now, especially as Sena
tor Perkins has so notably demonstrated
his ability to care for the Interests of the
State in Congress. If Burns should be
elected Senator we could not hope to
carry the State for the Republican party
again Inside of five years at least. A
Burns victory would throw Nevada
County into the Democratic column by
fully 800 majority.
J. G. O'Neill, principal city schools— lt la
a mighty poor policy to call the Legisla
ture together to elect Dan Burns Senator.
If the State has to suffer because it is
not fully represented In the United States
Senate the Legislature is to blame, and
indirectly the people who elected that
Legislature are also to blame.
E\ B. Power, District Attorney— The ex
tra session Is in some respects Justifled,
but there are matters requiring legisla
tion that. were omitted from the call. A3
to Burns, I believe the Immediate future
prospects of the Republican party In the
"A Good Maxim ts
Never Out of Season. "
®Ceither is a good family medicine, like
Hood's SarsaparilU. It tones -up the sys-
tem, cures catarrh, rheumatism, scrofula,
and all stomach troubles, and wards off
sickness. All <who are iveak and <tvorn
by the effects of illness or overwork find
in its use appetite, strength and health.
Disordered Stomach — " Now-a-
days J can eat anything I tuish because
Hood's SarsaparilU keeps my stomach in'
order." H. Stone, Sherborn, Mass.
Catarrh — "Hood's SarsaparHU has
cured my husband's catarrh troubles, ar.d
given me relief from sick headache."
SMrs.J. W. SMorris. Binghamion. N. Y.
+ , r
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 26.—Notwith
standing the extensive proportions
of the oil boom and the attention
given the Pacific Coast field trials.
Governor Gage's proclamation calling «n
extra session of the Legislature is receiv
ing considerable attention here, and not
altogether on the part of the politicians.
The rank and file of the people are talk
ing. The fact that It means the opening
of another chapter in the contest for a
seat In the United States Senate ts tfca
chief cause of interest. The remainder of
the Governor's "sixteen reasons" receive
no consideration. The following Inter
views indicate how leading Republicans
view the situation:
A. C. Maude, secretary Republican
County Central Committee — The Governor
did right in calling an extra session. w«ra
It for nothing more than to elect a Sen
ator. It is all important that California
should have two Senators in view of tbe
important issues before the country. And
Colonel Burns la the man for the position,
too. He can do us more good than any
other man In the State, and should he be
LOS GATOS.
LAKEPORT.
A WAVE OF DISAPPROVAL OF A MOST UNWORTHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
2in particular, for I do not consider that
the situation demands any such convo
cation.
A. A. Van Voorhies, head of the whole
sale saddlery and harness house of Van
Voorhies & Co.— What do I think of the
extra session? That it is a very unwise
and expensive move and not required by
the taxpayers.
L. L. Lewis, senior partner in the large
stove and crockery house of L. L. Lewis
& Co. — I am emphatically opposed to the
extra session. I consider the calling of
it a shame.
Ed *i. MclCee, former City Auditor— l
believe we should have a Senator to fill
the vacant chair at Washington, and
therefore I favor the extra session. Per
sonally. I may add, I am for Burns.
John C. Ing Jr., president of the Board
of City Trustees — I believe that the Re
publican party has a duty to perform in
sending a Senator to Washington, and
on that score is justified in the extra
session. As for myself, I can mention
no favorite for the place.
E. M. Leitch— l believe we should be
represented with another Senator in
Washington, and if the Legislature will
select a gocd man, and stop at that. I
shall not be opposed to the extAi ses
sion.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26.— D. C. Collier—
I think the call is a disastrous
thing for the party, and the elec
tion of Burns will be worse. Though I
personally do not believe that Burns is
as black as he Is sometimes painted, his
very many political enemies in the i.«.e
publican party will disrupt that har
mony which Is necessary to success.
D. Gochenauer— l am a believer in the
idea that there should be at Washing
ton all the representation that this State
is entitled to, and that, therefore, the
call is a wise move that gives us the
representation. That the Senator shouid
be Burns I do not say. As a Callfornlan,
I say that Burns is better than no Sena-
MARYSVILLE.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 16.— H. B. P.
Carden— ln convening the Legis
lature Governor Gage did nothing
more than bow to the will of the
people, and his action should meet with
the approval of every loyal Republican.
I am of the opinion that much good will
come from the extra session. It certainly
was the only thing to be done from a
Republican standpoint.
W H. Parks— We elected our legislators
in the belief that they are competent to
attend to the duties of their position and
to do the best for their constituents. Ihe
majority favored the convening of the ex
tra session, and for that reason I do not
believe we should find fault with the ac
tion of Governor Gage. If the Legislature
will do the proper thing by this section as
regards the office of Commissioner of
Public Works the people of Marysville
will not have a fault to find.
Richard Belcher— lf the extra session
bring-s about no other result than the
election of a United States benator it will
fully compensate for the outlay it entails.
1 know none of the candidates for united
States Senator and do not care to express
'i choice
Ex-Senator F. H. Greely-I think a Re
publican Senator should be elected, and
if the extra session will accomplish that
end it will have done a good thing.
G W Hall— As a Republican, with the
interests of his party at stake. I am glad
Governor Gage called the extra session.
1 have no choice for Senator. Elect some
good man. . , _
Martin Sullivan— l believe the whole af
fair Is cut and dried, and any suggestion
1 mipht muke won't cut any tigure.
Wallace Dinsmore — The wisdom of call
ing an extra session will be apparent
when the work of the meeting is conclud
ed. I think the Republicans of Califor
nia will then realize that it was a good
move to convene it.
T. J. Sherwood— Failure to elect a Sena
tor last winter was eufficient of itself to
warrant convening the members of the
Legislature in extraordinary session. Be
cause the members of the Legislature
failed to perform their duty in 1899 is not
good reason for the Governor to fail to do
his duty in an effort to secure for Cali
fornia full representation in Congress. A
Senator should be chosen at once and ad
journment had as quickly as possible.
Burns is not objectionable to the people
of this county, and I think he has as good
claims as any man mentioned.
m
HANFORD. Jan. 26.— 1 am not a
Burns man and deprecate any
crhPinp to elect him. I would pre-
fer to see some one who was not
prominently before the last Legislature.
I believe M. H. de Young would make a
good Senator and one who would work
early and late for the interests of Cali
fornia, and that is what this State needs.
— B. L. Barney, ex-Supervisor.
I am in favor of an extra session of the
Legislature if we can elect some good Re
publican United States Senator. lam
not in favor of it if the same scenes of
the last Legislature are re-enacted, as it
would be a disgrace to the State of Cali
fornia.—J. H. Dopkins.
I am not In favor of an extra session
of the Legislature and am not in favor of
Dan M. Burns for United States Senator.
I think we can get along with one Senator
until a regular session of the Legislature.
The calling of an extra session Is very un
wise.—Dr. N. P. Duncan.
I think the scheme of calling an extra
session Is for the purpose of electing
Burns United States Senator. I hope this
Is not so, but those in the scheme prob
ably know what they were doing when
the' extra session was called. — A. Ayers,
Deputy Sheriff.
UKIAH, Jan. 2C— Tour correspond
ent interviewed a large number of
prominent Republicans to-day re-
garding their Senatorial prefer
ences. While the almost universal senti
ment seems against D. M. Burns 'for the
high position, the gentlemen interviewe«i
declined to make statements for publica
tion over their own signatures. This reti
cence may be accounted for on the ground
that a State institution Is located near
this city, and the patronage therefrom Is
more or less extensive. In the outlying
districts the sentiment against Mr. Burns
Is practically If not altogether unani
mous.
BERKELEY, Jan. 26. — George
Schmidt— Personally speaking, I
have nothing to say either for or
against Mr." Burns. I would even
go further and say that I have no doubt
that he would be able to represent this
State in the Senate, if elected. Politically
speaking, I believe that Gage Is doing
only what he ought to do. Burns brought
him out of the brush and made him and
he is bound to carry out his pledge in re
turn. But, politically speaking again, if
the Republican party elects Burns all hell
can't beat the Democrats two years
henc*. The people of the State, rightly
or wrongly, will not tolerate it- His elec
tion, in other words, would be a disas
trous political blunder.
P. R. Boone— Of course, every one knows
how Berkeley regards the candidacy of
Mr. Burns, and, like other Berkeley Re
publicans, I am opposed to his election.
This soems to be the attitude of the better
class of people throughout the State. Per
sonally I am in favor of Irving M. Scott.
He is a man used to succeed. He is fa
miliar with affairs in Washington and Is
a man of unblemished reputation. I am
patisfled that his election would pleaso
Berkeley.
W. R. Little— As the extra session is evi
dently but the means used by Gage to fill
his obligations to Burns I do not see why
the State should stand the immense ex
pense of an extra session. The election
of Burns would cause a scandal through
out the State.
SACRAMENTO.
— . ¦ -^
{->< ACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.-John N.
Jj 1^ Larkln, the veteran Republican
editor or the Sunday Leader— l
think this extra session Is a farce and
a fraud, got up for the purpose of put
ting In Burns, and for nothing else.
D. Lindley, of the wholesale grocery
firm of Lindley & Co. — I em opposed to
extra sessions generally and to this one
extra session unnecessary. Don't see the
neceFSlty of it. Don't think Dan Burns
the man for Senator.
0
NAPA, Jan. 25.— The extra session
has created a good deal of talk
here during the past two days'
among the Republican leaders. A can
vass among them has brought out i^e
fact that the Republican party in this
county Is opposed to the election of
Burns as Senator. They think that he
is an unfit man for the place. The senti
ment is that If Burns Is chosen it means
defeat for the party In this State next
November. Barham or Scott would be
acceptable to the Republican voters here.
'rlend of Grant at the last session, and It
•s not likely he would support Burns.
Dr. Hildreth of Delano— l am opposed
'.•"• an extra session and Dan Burns. It
*-ould be a calamity to the State to elect
:hatwnan. I know him personally.
W. J. Doherty, lumber dealer— Down
ir.y scneme to elect Dan Burns. It Is a
torry day for California If we can't elect
a fit man for Senator.
Alex Ileyrnan, ex-secretary Republican
County Central Committee — There is no
harm "in an extra session, if it is not a
scheme to elect I>an Burns. If for that.
It's a mistake. Burns is not wanted as
bad as we want two Senators. The people
are a ur.it against him.
It. J. White, merchant— lf it is to elect
Burns it ii= bad business. If to elect a
Mean man like Senator Smith, hurrah for
X.
F. B. Benson. ex-Recorder— l don't want
Burns. If that is what the session Is for,
;t is bad business.- I am in favor of elect-
Ing a Senator, but prefer a Democrat to
Burns.
A. Welll, merchant — I don't think there
la any use in it; we can pet along wi:h
l J erkir.s. It's all right to repeal the wide
lire law. The expense is useless. Burns
under no consideration. I can't see why
we are not getting along well enough with
one Senator.
Few men met were willing to venture
a preference for Senator. Most
expressing themselves seemed to
be to deprecate the election of Burns.
The quiet old farmers never fail to put
n a word ajrainFt the colonel's Senatorial
aspirations; and they have never let up
t^n It since the day he became a cancii
late. They are never heard to brag on
the Governor, either.
SAN DIEGO.
proud to have saved one poor soul from
the shackles of drink, but Mrs. Hawkins
has redeemed thousands by her noble and
practical work among those who have
been victims of Intemperance. Mrs. Haw-
kins for years suffered the grief and an-
guish shared by bo many true and faith-
ful women in America to-day, who have
drink-afflicted fathers, husbands or sons;
and seeing nothing but a lifetime of mis-
ery for herself if something was not done,
she determined to overcome this fearful
evil If possible. Her search for a harm-
less, perfect and secret home cure was at
last rewarded when an old friend came
to her and gave her a remedy which had
never been known to fall. Mrs. Hawkins
LOS ANGELES.
BERKELEY.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— Interviews
with prominent Republicans In this
city show that there is an under
current antagonistic to Daniel M.
Burns as United States Senator.
• Mayor Fred Eaton— Well, I don't know
what to say. Regarding the call, I favor
it, but as far as Colonel Burns is con
cerned he may or may not have a cinch.
At this time I can't say regarding the
wisdom shown by the Governor in calling
the extra session. If a good man is elected
it will be all right, and If, on the contrary,
a man is sent to the Senate who is not the
people's choice it will be a decidedly bad
thing for the party and the State. I have
my own troubles as Mayor and am not
dabbling in State politics.
Ex-Congressman James McLachlan— l
am building up my law practice and am
not in politics. If the Jamaica treaty
passes, however, we will be sorry that we
were not fully represented in Congress.
Outside of this I have nothing to say. .
Judge Robert A. Ling, Police Commis
sioner—lf an extra session of the Legis
lature could have been called to elect
some one of the prominent Republicans
of the State to the United States Senate
I think it would be all right. But to call
one and elect such a man as Dan Burns
I not only consider the worst thing that
could happen to the Republican party, but
think that it will disrupt it in the State
and allow our opponents to wipe us from
off the earth at the next election. You
can't put It too strong for me.
Judge E. J. Ensign— l approve of an ex
tra session and think Burns is going to be
elected. Furthermore, I think he ought to
be.
Cornelius Pendleton, ex- Assemblyman —
Oh, don't ask me! Of course I favor an
extra session; but whether Burns is the
right fellow or not remains to be seen.
If elected we will have to take our medi
cine.
James Rlres, District Attorney— Cage Is
I Note
Ife Fig. 1.
jtf^ tat c s, or
ff_i»— gives cv J-
*^^ deoce' of
Erowinjt weakness, berin treatment at once.
HUD VAN will cure, HUDTAN strengthens
the heart's ertlon. HUDYAN rebuilds the
I.Tokwi-ciown heart structure.
Do you Kuftfr with lrregrular fluttering of
hoart <FT/r. 1)? Choking sensation {Fig. 3)7
Flushing of fare upon slight exertion <Vlg. 3)7
JUneinK in eers and throbbing pain In head
• Fijr. "O? IVetknes* in limbs <Fl*. 5)? Cold
hande and feet ?Fig. C»? Pain In left side
'K'p. 7)7 These rymptoms all tell you of heart
-.¦*akn*«s. Again, you may notice an Irregular
r>uii<e, oppressed feeling In chest, dirty spells,
or tendency to fatnt.
HI.'DTAN corrects aJI the foregoinc symp-
toniE. Sine* the discovery of this valuable
remedy fatalities as a result of heart failure
have been less frequent. KL'DTAN is for men
ani women, tnd cures permanently.
HXTDTAN Is for eale by druegiBts-60c a
package, rr cix packages for $2 50.
If your drucjrlst does not ke*u HUDYAN,
F'-r.d direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton. Cili* and Market Streets,
6AN FRANCISCO. CAJU
*rONSULT "*) Consuit Fre» the
| FREE. I Hudygm Doctors. Call
-^ ? or write to them.
STOCKTON.
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous Home Treatment
Free for the Asking.
i gave th» remedy secretly, and In a few
weeks, to her great joy, he was entirely
cured of his appetite for drink and was
again restored to health and manhood and
to enjoy many happy and useful years of
life.
After seeing this wonderful result Mrs.
Hawkins decided to devote her life to tha
work of helping her sisters everywhere,
whom she found suffering as she had suf-
fered from the effects of alcohol upon a
husband, father or son. With the assist-
ance of others she perfected the original
treatment, and now offers to send this
treatment free to any distressed wife.
mother or sister who will write for It.
Mrs. Hawkins has means of her own and
no charge whatever is made for the treat-
ment, because her great desire Is that
every woman who needs this medicine
will write at once to her and get it.
Mrs. Hawkins treasures hundreds of tes-
timonials received from thankful frlenda.
She holds each grateful letter sacred, but
the following Is published (by the request
of the writer) In the hope that It may
be the means of hastening others to write
and get the treatment:
Mrs. May Hawkins. Grand Rapid*. Mich.— My
Dear Friend: You have been the means of
bringing; sunshine into my home. Last August
I rot your remedy and began giving It to my
husband, and from that ttme until the present
he has not taken a drop of any kind of alcoholic
drinks. I cannot say too much for what your
remedy his done for me. and I urge It as a
helper to any mother, sister cr wife who shall
need It.
I sent your address to a lady friend In Boston.
who wrote me about three weeks a* i that she
needed it for a husband and wife, both drunk-
ards. She wrote me that they were In an awful
condition, with six small children. Oh. what a
home that mtnt be! May God speed your rem-
edy to them. Please use my testimonial If yoa
wish. Tours sincerely. MRS. H. A. LANE.
East Hamston. Me.. Feb. 14. ISO 9.
Many other letters similar to the above
might be given, but one will suffice. Thou-
sands have saved their homes and loved
ones by this remedy, and you can be
among the number if you only wish It.
Mrs. Hawkins treats every letter she re-
ceives sacredly confidential and you need
have no hesitancy whatever In writing
her for assistance. Do not delay; write
her to-day.
Address MRS. MAT HAWKINS,
Box £6, Grand Rapids, Mica.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UKIAH.
tor, but as a Republican I believe that it
would be better for the party to- leave
the seat vacant than to till it with Burns.
The State needs a Senator, but with the
present feeling of the people, the party
cannot carry Burns.
L. A. Wrigh i— Governor Gage's sixteen
reasons for calling an extra session are
all contained in one proposition — he is
paying Burns the political debt he owes
for his nomination and election. All other
reasons are mere subterfuges. Unless
Burns and Gage have overestimated their
influence at the extra session, the next
Republican campaign in California, so
far as State issues are concerned, will be
one of penitent apology for a faithless
Governor and an unworthy Senator.
W. W. Stewart— Tne extra session is a
wise move, and should have been called
before. California needs two Senators
at Washington as much as any State in
the Union, for there are large interests
to be looked after. I am not one who be
lieves that the Republican party will be
disrupted by the election of Burns.
S. Levi— My belief is that the State
should have two representatives at
Washington, and I think that the RepuD
lican party would be called more severely
to account if the seat were left vacant
than It will be if Burns is elected.
. m
Mrs. May Hawkins Will Help Every Woman
Save a Drunkard.
Mrs. May Hawkins has brought Joy to
many homes once cursed by drunkenness,
and her name Is held sacred by hundreds
of grateful women throughout this broad
land. Any true woman might well be
Uncle Sam has his eye on
the immigrant and smuggler —
see next Sunday's Call.
VALLEJO.
HANFORD.
R. T. McMILLAN; Tulare — I think it is an outrage to put Burns in the Senate.
A. W. GARRETT, Healdsburg — Burns' election would be a disgrace to not only the
Republican party but the State.
J. H. BROWN, Petaluma— A scandalous job from beginning to end to further the
ends of a very objectionable candidate.
O. R. CROSS, Visalia — Burns isn't fit to represent respectable people anywhere.
JUDGE H. C. LITTLE, Visalia — Burns is a rascal. He should not be elected.
GEORGE SCHMIDT, Berkeley — Burns' election would be a disastrous political
OAKLAND.
BENICIA.
BEXICIA. Jan. 26.— The majority of
Republicans in the city are strong
ly In favor of another Senator,
even if it takes a special session
to elect one. There are differences of
opinion regarding Burns' candidacy, as
the following will show:
Godfrey Rueger, County Committee
member — I am entirely opposed to the
election of Mr. Burns as Senator, but
desire very much that one be elected.
Simon Johnston, merchant— l favor the
extra session, because we must have a
Senator, and any one that is elected by
the Legislature will suit me.
Sidney Frame— l am totally opposed to
the extra session and to Mr. Burns.
VALLEJO, Jan. 26.— Many of the
leaders in local Republican circles
are averse to being quoted on
the Senatorial question, but from
the general expressions the prevailing
idea seems to be anything to beat Dan
Burns. Opinion as to the calling of an
extra session is divided.
Senator Luchsinger— l think the extra
session is all right. It is highly important
that the State should have a full repre
sentation in the upper house, and I believe
the choice should be made by the present
Legislature, which would insure a Repub
lican Senator and would remove this issue
from the next election. I believe if the
matter were left in statu quo that the
candidacy of Dan Burns may jeopardize
JACKSON.
T — \ASADENA. Jan. 26.— Mayor George
I — D. Patton— l think either Burns or
J ~ Scott will be chosen. That seems to
me the way things have shaped
themselves during this and the last Legis
lator*. I am not prepared to say whether
I think an extra session at this time will
oe good or bad.
Dr. F. F. Rowland, health officer— l am
under the impression that this is a bad
move and inadvisable at this time. Per
nups I am prejudiced against Dan Burns.
t would favor the session, though, if some
food man were chosen quickly.
Professor A. L. Hamilton. Throop Poly
technic institute— lf Burns Is elected Sen
ator the Republicans will lose California
at the next election. Whether Burns be
,-nly blurting or really has corraled enough
Kites to elect him, 1 think Governor Oage
has done wrong. If a good man can be
elected, all right.
C G. Myers, merchant— lt's all an S. P.-
Pan Burns out:it. cut and dried before
hand. Burns and his men have been going
around and getting names, and you will
rir.d that he has got enough to elect him.
t have bet- n disappointed in Gage.
<i. \V. \\ itherill. merchant— As near as I
r:in tee, it is lor the election of Burns,
and it seems too bad. because it puts this
State to an enormous expense.
Dr. C A. BrfKg: — 1 was surprised when
I beard thai an extra session was to be
field. I did not think one would ever be
railed. It appears to me like a move to
tlect Boms. Of course, California should
tx? represented in the Senate, and I think
-save for the election of Burns— it would
oe a good thing to have an extra session.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— Arthur W. Feid
ler, Alameda County Treasurer
and one of the stanchest Repub-
Means of Livermore Valley— l do
not thlr.k that this was the proper time
for Governor Gape to have called an ex
tra session of the State Legislature. If
!t can be proved that the scheme in it
all is to Ee<-ure the election of Dan Burns
ia United States Senator, then Governor
jajt has not been giving the people of
this State a fair deal. It would be one
of the most gigantic conspiracies evei
r'T.surnmated in the history of California.
In the matter of a United States St-nator,
however, Irving M. Scott is my favorite.
M. C. Chapman, ex-Mayor of Oakland—
Of course I am entirely out of politics
and have no desire to discuss political
moves, but I dare say this extra session
>f the Legislature called by the Gover
nor is a most fool proposition. Certainly.
I believe that a Senator should have been
and ought to be chosen to represent this
great State, and I should say select
tivrns. provided we can't possibly get a
Henry P. Dalton. Alameda County As
sessor—ln the iirst place, I can say frank
ly that 1 have no favorite for United
Stales Senator. I am not playing favor
ites, you know. But I am most heartily
3p;.)osed to this extra session of the Leg
islature called by the Governor. I can
not see v.-hat will justify the holding of
an <xrra session. The present most urg
ent needs of the country certainly do not
warrant the great exsH-npe it will entail.
J. M. Haven— l consider the calling of
:his extra session an outrage. It Is noth
ing but the well laid scheme of the rail
road to elect Dan Burns St-nator at the
expense of the people of the State of
iJaUfornia and the Republican party. This
will work a great injury to the Repub
lican party, but the people who forced
ihe extra session have no regard for the
l>:±rty or anything except their own self
ish ends. It is nothing but a railroad
lob.
J. A. Johnston. ex-CHy Attorney— l do
not favor the extra Pf-eeion, and I cer
tainly do not think that it was neces
firy. It was undoubtedly called for the
purpose of electing a United States Ser.a
¦,iT, and in my opinion Burns has tho
necessary vote?. I do not think that
Burns is the right man, but I think he
PASADENA.
CHICO.
PETALUMA.
the party's success at the next election. I
have agreed to go into caucus on th» con
dition that forty-three shall be necessary
to a choice. I am willing to stand by aitv
man who shall receive that number of
votes, and I believe that a caucus will
result in a satisfactory compromise. I
am and always have been for Barnes for
Senator.
G. G. Holliday. County Clerk-I am for
General Barnes for Senator, but I don't
believe the experse of an extra session la
warranted.
W. D. Pennycook. Vallejo Chronicle —
The people won a victory at the last elec
tion with the election of a Senator an
issue, and I believe the fruits should be
enjoyed.
F. R. Devlin. District Attorney— l am
for M. M. Estee- for Senator.
m
PETALUMA, Jan. 28.— Dozens of
prominent Republicans Interviewed
to-night echo the sentiments of the
following ten: H. P. Brainerd.
Mayor — I think the special session very
unwise at this time for any purpose.
There was no need of it.
F. H. Atwater— l don"t think that the
exigencies of the case required a special
session. Burns will probably now tm
elected Senator, or if he is cot the man
whom he names will be.
Supervisor T. C. Putnam— l think that
the special session is against the interest
of the State. It may not be, but I fear it
on account of the Burns proposition.
Lyman Green. City Recorder— There la
no occasion for the special session, which
will cause the State unnecessary great ex
pense. If it would result in tne election
of Barnes instead of Burns the evil would
be mitigated.
M. D. Hopkins. Assessor — The special
session will be useless and expensive and
in the end detrimental to the welfare of
the State.
George M. Brush— l do not think that it
will prove productive of any benefit to
this State.
A. Kahn — I think the whole thing un
r-ecessasry. Some of the reasons assigned
are ridiculous.
Thomas McGulre— l think there is a big
nigger in the fence, who will suddenly
pop up to the detriment of the State and
party. The whole thing is a scheme from
beginning to end. In my opinion.
M. Newburger— l do not think the occa
sion demanded the big expense incident to
the special session. For the only apparent
necessary reasons meutloned in the call
action might well have been postponed
until the next regular session.
J. H. Brown— l think the whole thing a
scandalous Job from beginning to end.
put up to further the ends of a very ob
jectionable candidate. It is Infamous that
the cost of this extravagant farce should
be saddled on the public in this manner,
and it will b« a severe blow to the Repub
lican party and of no benefit to the State.
TA.CKSOX, Jan. 28.— Republicans here
I generally feel that the calling of the
extra session was unwise from a par-
ty standpoint, that all of the matters
mentioned by the Governor might a>*<J
should have been dealt with at the regu
lar session, and no one interviewed out of
eighteen is willing to be put on record as
favoring Dan Burns.
Will A. Newcum, late publisher of the
Ledger, Bays the party will have to
shoulder the responsibility for the ex
pense, but he thinks Burns should an 1
will withdraw in favor of some one less
objectionable.
J. W. Caldwell. lawyer, says that it
looks as If the sole purpose of the cnll
was to elect Burns, and if that is so \t
would be a godsend if something wouM
happen to prevent the meeting.
«, Xa Keagle say 3 that it was not wise
to issue the call.
Postmaster George Folger did not wish
to express an opinion as to the call, but
said he was first, last and all the time for
Scott for Senator.
Richard Webb, capitalist, says he was
decidedly opposed to the call; that the Re
publican members when in regular session
should have gone into caucus and bLded
the result like men.
Senator John F. Davis, who supported
Scott in the regular session, has all along
been opposed to the extra session. He
contends that if there is any extraor
dinary emergency requiring: the calling of
the Legislature in extra session such
emergency was created by Governor
Gage; that the Legislature in regular ses
sion passed all needed legislation, but
many good bills, for the passage of which
there is now a demand, were by him
tossed into the waste basket.
D. H. BRYANT, San Jose — The methods of Burns are not in keeping with the
principles of the Republican party. His defalcation as Secretary of State and his record in
Mexico will disrupt the party and bring disgrace to the State.
GEORGE LYON, Lakeport — The conduct of -Burns while Secretary of State
should forever debar him from favorable indorsement by the people of California.
A. H. DEPUTY, Lakeport — Burns' name is bad. Always to beat his fellow
man is his record, and he would follow his bent toward the people of California if elected.
WILLIAM APPLETON, Lakeport — To elect such a man United States Sena
tor would be an outrage on the decent-minded people of California.
REV. W . L. GASTON, pastor of the First Baptist Church, Santa Rosa — I am free
to admit that the only reason I can see for this special session is a background in which
Burns looms up an uncanny aspirant for the Senatorship. The people do not want him on
moral grounds. Brigham Roberts is to be preferred.
F. W. GEORGESON, cashier Humboldt County Bank, Eureka — The selection of
Burns would be suicidal. McKinley is as popular as any living man, but the State would go
against him if Dan* Burns is sent to the Senate.
E. M. PYLE, chairman County Committee, Santa Barbara — The election of Burns
to the United States Senate would be a disgrace to civilization and the defeat of the Repub
lican party in this State for years.
J. J. SQUIRE, Deputy District Attorney, Santa Barbara— Dan Burns is not a proper
person for the position of United States Senator.
GEORGE A. BLACK, Santa Barbara — Dan Burns is not the man we want to send
to Washington as a specimen of Californians. No one could be a worse man.
D. GOCHENAUER, San Diego — It would be better for the party to leave the seat va
cant for a year than to fill it with Burns. The party cannot carry Burns.
L. A. WRIGHT, San Diego — Unless Burns and Gage have overestimated their in
fluence at the extra session, the next Republican campaign in California, so far as State is
sues are concerned, will be one of penitent apology for a faithless Governor and an unwor
thy Senator.
FRANK EGAN, County Committeeman, Angels Camp — I am unalterably opposed to
the election of Burns and do not believe that Gage should, be allowed to pay his political ob
ligations in this manner.
JOHN DAVEY, proprietor White House, Angels Camp — If Gage and Burns were- in
hades the people would be better off. The extra session is a scheme and a disgrace.
ALPHONSO BARRY, attorney, Angels Camp — If Gage's scheme carries and Dan
Burns is elected to the Senate of the United States it will be a standing and burning dis
grace to the State. This State needs a Senator badly, but it would be better off without one
than to send a man like Burns to represent it.
W. J. DOHERTY, Bakersfield — Down any scheme to elect Burns. It is a sorry day
for California if we can't elect a fit man for Senator.
ARTHUR W. FEIDLER, Alameda County Treasurer, Oakland — If it can be proved
that the scheme is to secure the election of Dan Burns it would be one of the most gigantic
conspiracies in the history of California.
D. S. BLACKBURN, capitalist, Ventura — The election of Burns would be a great
outrage on the people of this. State. Gage has. made a monstrous ass of himself.
F. S. COOK, ex-Town Marshal, Ventura — Burns should not force himself upon the
people when he surely knows he is not their choice.
A. J. PILLSBURY, Tulare — If the head of the San Francisco push is chosen Sena
tor the result will constitute a disaster to the Republican party and a humiliation to Cali
fornia.
NAPA.
ffUDGE J. R. LEWIS, San Jose — At the coming election the Republican party . of
rtjl this county will make no mistake, and will not re-elect any of those who voted for
Burns.
SCATHING DENUNCIATION OF BURNS
COMES FROM ALL PARTS OF THE STATE
POLITICIAN AND EXTRA SESSION SWEEPS THE STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
has the votes. I do not think that the
extra session will help the Republican
party.
Major John L, Bromley— l am opposed
to the extra session. It was called foi
the purpose of making Burns Senator, and
that I do not favor. - * '
Henry Evers— l fear that this extra ses
sion will Injure the Republican party. I
do not think that it was necessary, and
the people will charge all of its acts up
to the party. , .
Sol Kahn— The extra session was called
for the purpose of making Dan Burns
Senator, and I do not think that the peo
ple want Dan Burns for Senator. Under
those circumstances, 1 do not think that
the extra session will be of any use to
any one except Dan Burns, and the Re»
publican party will get the credit of the
whole move.
?
•"> EIICO, Jan. 26.— Republicans here will
( j not be quoted. None are for Burns
or the extra session. They say it is
a political scheme.
my friend and I approve of the extra ses
sion. As far as Burns is concerned, the
less said the better.
Frank Dominguez, Judge J. W. McKin
ley, Bradner W. Lee and Edwin A.
Meserve refused to commit themselves
one way or the other.
STOCKTON, Jan. 26. — Republicans
expressed themselves as follows on
the Senatorial situation to-day:
Dr. George S. Harkness, chairman
of the County Central Committee— lf
Daniel Burns can secure the caucus nom
ination I am In favor of his election by
the Republican members, who stand
charged with the duty of filling the va
cancy now existing in the United States
Senate. Why this opposition to a cau
cus? Party nominees are always elected
in caucus.
E. C. Dickinson, Councilman— l favor
Scott and would under existinr condi
tions oppose a caucus.
George W. Langridge, chairman coun
ty executive committee— l favor & cau
cus. I favor the unit rule when a nom
ination is made. If it be Burns, all right.
W. C. White— l favor Scott and am un
alterably opposed to Burns.
Captain W. B. Hardacre — Anybody but
Burns, and the friends of the other can
didate should not go into caucus.
Theodore Brown— Burns first, last and
all the time.
Judge C. P. Rendon— Burns has been
good enough to make other people's fights
— has put up time and money for Republi
can success. I am free to say he Is my
favorite.
E. C. Wright, Superintendent of Schools
—Scott is my man, although I have no
prejudices against any other candidate.
Julius Cohn— l favor a caucus and I fa
vor Burns.
The above represent all elements in the
party and Is a fair consensus.
m . ?
SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 26.— Nearly every
prominent Republican who was in
terviewed was non-committal, but
the prevailing sentiment of leaders
of the party Is against the holding of the
extra session and think it unnecessary.
The refusal to commit themselves in
dicates they are" against the whole af
fair.
From what was gleaned from leaders It
Is an assured fact that neither Assembly
man Radcllffe nor Senator Trout will ever
cast their vote In favor of Dan Burns for
United States Senator.
W. H. Lamb, Mayor of the city of San
ta Cruz— l think the calling of the extra
session is all right and is a very wise
move. We should select a United States
Senator— one who is above reproach— and
send him on his way rejoicing.
R. C. Klrby, ex-chairman County Cen
tral Committee— l think the calling of the
WATSONVILLE.
-XT tt 7-ATSONVILLE. Jan. 26.— H. C.
\/\/ White, wholesale liquor mer
" » chaht and a stanch Republi
can—l think that Governor
Gage has no reason to call an extra ses
sion. It Is a big scheme to elect Burns
Senator and squander public funds.
J. F. Cox, one of our leading merchants
and a resident of this place for over
twenty-five years— lt is uncalled for and
it ¦will be a bill of expense for nothing.
L. D. Holbrook, a leading Republican
and a prominent attorney— l think it is an
unnecessary expense and a scheme to
elect Burns, but they will get decidedly
G. G. Radcllff, Assemblyman for this
district, would not state his opinions and
will reserve them until he arrives at Sac
ramento.
FRESNO.
FRESNO, Jan. 26.— Fulton G. Berry—
You'll quote me verbatim, will you?
. . Well, its the imposition I
ever heard of. I don't see any ex
cuse for saddling the expense of an extra
session upon the people of the State at
this time. We have expense enough to
bear without spending thousands of dol
lars for the luxury of electing a Senator,
especially when the Senator may not be
such a luxury after all. I think the ac
tion of Governor Gage was very unwise.
S. C. St. John— l think Governor Gage
made a serious mistake in calling the ex
tra session of the Legislature. So far as
he Is concerned, it will injure him more
than any other of his indiscreet acts, and
what is more. It will cripple the party in
this State. An extra session never bene
fited the Governor who called it nor his
party, and this one will not benefit Gage.
So far as the question of a Senator is con
cerned, I will say that if I were a member
of the Legislature Burns would never get
my vote. The Legislature that elects him
will disgrace itself and the State. I don't
think Burns will be elected.
HEALDSBURG.
-f T EALDSBURG, Jan. 26.— 1 think It
I I detrimental to th© beat Interests of
-*- -*- the Republican party to call a spe
cial session of the Legislature for
th© purpose of electing Burns Senator. —
John Young, ex-Mayor of Healdsburg.
I am opposed to the election of Burns as
Senator and am In favor of Congressman
Barham for that position.— H. M. Keyes.
I think it Is an outrage on the people of
California, this calling of the Legislature
together for the purpose of electing Dan
Burns, or any other man. Senator.— Ed S.
Gray, ex-chairman Board of Supervisors.
I think the election of D. M. Burns as
Senator would be a disgrace to not only
the Republican party but the State of Cal
ifornia and a sure way of losing the State
at th© next election.— A. W. Garrett.
3Magniflcent half-tone pro-
ductions in next Sunday's
Call— novel effects, and inter-
esting subjects. We lead and
others follow— if they can!
Thoroughly up to date in both
literary and artistic merit;
moreover, the articles are
timely and of interest.
having failed. Genera! Buller may fliid
j himself In the same fix he was at Colt-nso,
I and as Mtthuen now is at Modder River.
Although La<J>-Bmlth is said to have
b«-*n made impregnable and the fever in
I abating, there must be a decrease In the
i mpply of ammunition and food. More
) crr«r, the check to Bulltr must have a se
i rlously drpr^Fßing effect upon the garrl
> son. affecting its physical health. It is
i possible that some other way may 1>«
I found of turning the Tugr-la River prpl
: tlon, from the A«~ton Homes slrto or by a
! more direct attack from Potgletem. Or
I one more effort may b* made at ColenM,
¦ where the Boer left mu«t have been Wfcak
! ened by the loss of men whom they have
lately b**-n sending westward.
One military writer *unm up the catfs*
of the rrverrt an follows:
"Warren's mishap In far more due to
our continual *y»tematic and apparently
intentional neglect in time of peace of the
simplest and moist obvious precautions
which affect our efficiency in war than
to any want of caution or military ca
pacity on the part of the general him
self."
This statement seems to be amply sup
ported by the publication last evening of
General Buller's official report on the bat
tles of Colenso, Gras Pan, Modder River
and others. Sir Redvers states plainly
that at Colenso Colonel Long took the
two batteries which were lost, far in ad
vance of the position he ordered him to
take without trying to ascertain whether
the Boers wore in front of him, and prac-
losses which would indicate serious fight
ing. Could it be that it was these battal
ions which were all day on Spion Kop?
If so, Lyttelton's brigade is counted as
part of Warren's force; if not, then the
fighting on Wednesday was serious, not
only at Splon Kop, but In front of Pot
gleters Drift also. The Boers appear to
have no lack of men, for It turns out that
the affair of Tuesday at Chieveley was
not a British but a Boer reconnolßgance.
The Boer efforts against Ladysmith have
also increased. A difficult side of the sit
uation 1h the fact that the Boers in front
of Warren are aa near the British line
of retrtat, either at Chieveley or Est
court, as the British troops opposing
thf-m. and the Boers can move faster.
That is why Buller must win the battle."
m
WORSE NEWS NOW
EXPECTED FROM BULLER
LONDON. Jan. 26.-Seven days of fight
ing have left the main Boer positions In
tact and General Buller's army 706 weak,
cr, according to ( the official casualty lists,
which seemingly do not Include the Bpion
Kop losses, as those last forwarded do not
mention General Woodgate's wounding.
England is possessed by a depressing
p-ense of failure, although not a word in
criticism of her generals and soldiers is
uttered. Not much effort Is made to piace
a happy construction upon General Bul
ler's bare eighteen words telling of the
1 9
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
The central picture, made from a British War Office map, gives a Mrdseye view of the Tugela River country from
ZwarU Kop, where General Buller's center rests, to Splon Kop, on the west, where his left wing under General Warren
has been maneuvering and fighting for a week or more. On the north of the Tugela and east of Venters Bprult, which
empties into it about half way betw««n Potgleters and Trichords drifts, is shown the "Dividing Ridge" between the
Blaauwbar.k Benin and the Tugela. This ridge begins on the Tugela near Colenso and runs to the west and north
west, rising as It goea until it merges in the Drakensberg Mountain*, between Tintwa and Van Rununs passes. From
Venters fipruit <-a*t to Colenso it throws its Kharp, steep spars down to the Tugeia, making its passage for horses and
wagons impracticable under any circumstances, except at one or two places. At one of the**, Potgieters Drift, the first
road went of Colenso CTOMes. Here General Buller made his appearance some two weeks ago, only to find the Boers in
pbsMMfOfl on the ridge and npurs on the other side, and bo commanding the drift aa to render his passage next to im
j>o*s!ble. Illn l*ft, under General Warren, co/itlnued west, and crossing the river eight miles above at Trichards Drift
found the Boers on the ridge* of the Tabamyama Mountain, which culminates on the ea»t in Spion Kop. Four days*
fighting, with h«-avy loss, put General Warren In possession of Splon Kop on Tuesday night, only to abandon It on
W*dne»4ay night and retire to his present position near Trichards Drift. The steep hills rising continually to the west
toward the Drakeni-berg make any further movement by the left flank futile in the face of a watchful and active foe,
*r>d it **ems that another assault in front is General Warren's only hope of forcing a passage to Venters Spruit. And
even when this Is done he will only find himself before the main line of Boer defense along the crest of the steep-sloped
divide. Whether Warren on the west or Buller at Potgieters or both at once make the effort to br«ak through the op
posing line, the undertaking will be a most arduous one and great loss of life must be incurred. It is to be remarked here
that the Boem advancing from the Drakensberg toward Ladysmith on the 20th of October had their first encounter with
General White's cavalry at Acton Homes. From Bpion Kop to Ladysmlth is thirty miles in a direct line.
LONDON. Jan. 27— General Bull^r-g
dispatch ar.nourjcJng the «t4r.
flonmeni at Bpltm Kop, which fol- :
lowed with ttartllne rapidity the in- ¦
l-MRf-n't cf it* capture. U a?mo?l ;
cratal in Us brevity. Absolutely
r.o light ie thrown upon the Tfstnor.n lor
Jts evat.-waUr.n. Wbefl the f.r»t new*
rpr«.Bd tbrou«hout the dty the lnvoi'.m
ta.ry rrjaculations. "What. Majuba az^inT' |
*f-r«- h'rar-5 CieqUCUtly. In far;t. the r' ""al- f
]''. between H;,Ujn Kop and Majuba %*
rather etartlir.R. Both w<-re frtrjinTcew '
fißDiMii;!:.!? the Bo'-r position!. Both
were «ei»»^J in the night. In both cajsf-a
the Boers attacked the jy/Kition r.'xt
jnorrJr.g. Here, for lack of definite new*,
the parallel ceases. There »r» two equally
j.laueible theories for the retirement from
BptoO Kop. One Is supg» i st'-'l hy the fact ¦
t.t the mountain being ro wakly held ty •
the Boers. &rA Is that the petition bid
r.'.' tIM lm;f<rtß.nr^ whirh the sr'-ner*! nl
tribut'd to It. It Is QOlt* j/ossible that :
..,. : , ;.-,. ,"., r h^irht« near It or b*Mnd
it. wh!';h were not visible from the British
From thftue eminences the Bo»r», m-Ith
ih»-ir (Tuna in jK»Kitlon, oould dornlnjit*-
Ppion Kop arid r'-r.der Jt untenable, in
vu-h6 of the Britiiih. \<y the rapture of the
kop. rendering the lioer position unten
able.
It is notrjiiou* that all the map* of Na
tal In the pos*e*«loa of the British ar^ «-x
<<-*A\r.%\y faulty. In an interview with
I>r. L*-yds in I'arin befora Buller's last
dirpatch was received the Boer repr»-»en»
fctive b«J<J that Bpion Kop cor.n!«t»*J of a
rrri'ss of r*.&%** fJT hill* riei&g txhlnd each
other. If this proves to be the reason for
General Warren's retreat it shown that
I»r. Leydg knows more about the British
territory than the Britleh thTuaelve*.
The other, arxl far more serious suppoii!
tlon from a Britinh «ta.n<ipoint, is that the
j»o*!KJon wa« of importance, that I)"*.
IVktk fTia^e <3«--^perat»; <-ffortii to Tt-XaYf. it
i»nd that thry ru«~'}f»-'i"*l In th*-lr ffTort^.
Cfcncral Jiullcrr's dlr.patrh Is no va<uo,
• imply «ta.tln(r that h-, «ai rurprin«l to
find that <}fT\r-T»\ Warrm had retired,
that '¦.'). a thing ia quite posnible. Tf
«hf« Is torr^ct a ferionn revf-rne ban t>t*n
suffered by General Warren's «3l\-l«lr.n,
line* it in c\pmx that #-ffort^
would have br*-n made by the British to
hold the kop. \\> know that the Roem
wttc attarklng determinedly on Wednes-
OS/ • 4
Bhould BuJler** re\-eme be as K»rioun a«
It now wnii the probability of his reach
ing I-rfidysmith by the w«-»<tern route t«
tnucb «31mirilshed, a« the Boers undoubt
edly confront the BrltUh in gr»at
rtnrjrth. Warr*n'« turning movement
CHANGES IN SUBSIDY BILL
Alterations Reccrmtended fcv ti
Senate S-n h-Cn~ ?r-:rt»*.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21— The s'-i-?-re
mittee cf the Senate Committee on Com
merce appointed to ccn3idrr the ship r^b
sldy bill to-day agreed to recommend sev
eral changes ia the bill. One of tie amend
ments agreed upcr* Lmita the aaocrt to
be ?zl£. ia any cne year 10 twenty ari
twenty-one knot vessels to CJXW^«j> ia tie
aggregate. Another change pLace> ves
sels cr eleTen. twelve and thirteerj fcrots*
r&*&. La the special premi^a. cl2^s. Cbia
actics bein^ taken to encocrag* low
power freight vessels. A third araeadmer:':
provide* tar the admission of fcreis^-bcJlt
*.i:p-» cf certain c.'aajes. where a majority
of the stock is owned by American dtJ-
Stss- Tee re^rir?-=ient in the ti:: 3J in
troduced was that «O t<r cent cf tie stoc*
¦aedd t« ow^ed ia tnis cc-itTT.
Roberts May Not Get Meleage.
WASHINGTON. Jan. SL-Tie gaeattea
of salary an 3 milea.?'* allowance for Rob
erta of Utah L« 10 be constderei by I ". ¦
Hoti*e Ccmmirtee or. A'?co-nT». There t*
about CSui on mi^ag-e ani a £iie anoun.:
for salary cccditionslly d-e Roberts, bu:
there is some doubt a^ tj wcetJier : - - - -
?u=j should be ail&we-i. The A", rt
G*r*ral. en applicaticn. hs3 refc»#d to
pass on the subject. a« It Is ed« !n hu
jurisdiction, and the Comptroller c' :..-
Treasury has referred th« matter baci ij
the Committee on Account*. Tee latter
body will now s**k to ?et at th« ta
the case and reach a decision.
Lividia a Total Wreck.
LONDON. Jan. 2s.— The Danish stearre-
Lividla. from Hamburg for PtiladelphU.
ashore at Ter?che::;ng. has become a r.ji
tai wreck. The crew has b*en saftly
landed. J
retfremem trra Spion Kcp. and there Is
an -near;.- impression abroad that worse
news is yet to come.
At on* of the military cisbs lart nisht
th* statement pa««*d from one p-ersoa to
another that th* *»Var Offi?e had received
in unpl*asast rapplem'-ii'-ary dirpatcn
from, General Boiler, which was oeln?
fceid trp for twelve ho-rs.
Sp*ncer Wilkirson. in the McrrJrg Pest,
writes as follows of the Spion Kop losses:
"This is a serious matter, and an at
tempt will not Lere be made to minimize
it. fcr no greater ¦wren? can fee done to
cur people at home than to niie'.ead t:-?m
about the significance of the events &f the
war. Tr.t rizhi way is to tell the truth
as far as we 'know It-*"
But facts from the neighborhood of the
Tcgela. are scantier than ever. The con
s<«rship now it Eimpiy prohibitive, and
something Is wrong with the cables. Tne 1
break on *he ea^t coaFt line^ has s>een re
paired, but the cab'e fcetween San Thome
and Loando on the west coast is now In
ter ruptfed.
"llore troops*' !s the cr-y sujrgesuon
here as to the way 10 break the Ho«r re- ¦
eistanc«. Mr. Wilkinson regrets that Ger.
eral Euller has n'>t StJSA more men. <Jc- j
c'.aring that if they won! 2 not make r'tc- :
tory certain, his er"terpr*.2e without tfce*Ti
is hopeless.
The Spectator, deaiir.g with the r.ecea- ,
city of large additional military prepare- ¦•
tionx. ways; "It mar be that we cave yet
anr>th«r cyc!e of disa.»ters in front of us."
The transport Assaye arrived at Cape
Tcwa last Friday with 2127 officers an 3
men. The first portion of the Seven; 1
Division Is afloat. Hence, with the Vi,Y/t
men of this division ar.i about 9000 others
now at sea- It Jies in the power of Lc-rd
Roberts to reinforce Ger.eral Buller hear-
I!y. This course i* advised by several inil
itarv writers.
Although England's nerves are severe'y
tri*-d. her nerve is absolutely unshaken.
ar.d probably nothing that can happe-n in
South Africa will change !n the slightest
•I-*?-*: her Intentions. She will conti!:ue
to receive bad news. If it comes, with dig
nity, and will maintain her determination
to win att la3t.
Orders have. be*>n sent to Aldershot to
have the Fourth Cavalry division in readi
nes ro embark for South Africa early in
February.
BRITISH LOSSES AS
REPORTED BY BULLER
LONDON. Jan. 25.— General Euller re-
I ports that the British casualties January
! 24 were:
Killed — Six officers, eighteen non-com
j missioned officers ar.'l men.
Wounded— Twelve officers and 142 non-
S commission^! officers and men; thlrty
i one men missing.
; General Bailor's d!?patch is dated
i Spearman's Camp. January 26. 10:25 a. in.,
! bo there has been r.o de!ay in the com
munication passing between General
Duller and the War Office. The killed in
clude Colonel Buchanan RJddell of the
King's Royal PJ£es. He served in the
Niger war of ISSI. It is not clear whether
the casualties include those at Spion Kop.
or only those resulting from the fighting
prior to the Spion Kcp engagement.
Special dispatches from Durban say
the Boer losses on the Upper Tug?!a dur-
MAXILA. Jan. 2S — A dispatch fr:m Sor
¦Qgpaa^ dated Xtrcrsday; January 15, ?a>-»
Br^radler Geceni; Kobe's expevlition h-i-«
ocrup-ird Scrsos-v-n, Ds%aso4. Bulan. Lvpaj-.H
and Vlric. cr. CAtar.d~Ar.es I^lar.^. The
c— *y resistance was st L/e^ssp-i, where five
Americans were wousded and fortv-Sre
d«-id cr wcun«i*d FlUpiaos were four.d.
It Is estur-ated thAt there .-vre li>.<>^
v:«.les of h«~p in th<**e provinces sn>3 75.
o>i t-ale* in the r~rts of Sorsu-sjron and L^
pxsyi. The United Stales punt-oat Na.«h
vHle"s sirapn-*! turned sCv\* tvales in L«
gaspi.
The expedition arrived on* Scrsogtsa en
Jaruarv 20. and the town displayed white
fUss. General Kctbe and Colonel Howe.
with a battalion of the Ferry-seventh In
fantry, landed and ra:*ed the I r.u«*\s
States Sag. The tssarrt&t fcrce. rusNr
!ng 3» cc:, evacuate-i the place. The
native* were passive.
Dt:ring the morning- d January 3 the
Nashvili* an-d the Vecus. with fotxr con:
pa.nle-s of the Fcrty-seventh Infar.tr?" R?^
izz<=-r.t tinder Major Shipton. approached
L*gst?pi. Filipino Sasrs were Oytns s^i
th» trenche« were crowded. A d^tachmeat
cf 150 picked raen. led by Major Shiptcs.
lanced on the beach about a mile north
cf the town. The Nashville borabaried
th* trenches and the enemy retreated to
Albany, when they were easily disperse!
to the hills.
About SX> insurgents armed with rl^ea
forced O'/> WBWfßtng rlllasers, armed ¦with.
bcw« and arrows, to s«rve !n the trenches
in the close range street figbtißS before
the eseiny fled- The Filipino dead were
mostly villagers who were attempting to
See.
The exp»edlilon will proceed to Sarr.-.r
an<l Leyte. wier* the Forty-third Infantry
and a battalion of the Third Artillery will
be distributed.
The natives c-onsplain oi lack of f<y>i.
resulting from the blockade. They are
strongly eppesed to the return cf tie
friars. Native priests are cSciatin? :rs
the chsrche*.
Lieutenant Colon*! Wefcb C. Hayes Las
defeated an entrenched force cf th« ?n
einy at Hartaga. One American was killed
and fire wounded. A record cf eleven
American prisoners was f sund.
Captain Cas:?el. w.-.::e sro'izir.z r.car
Bara« with his company, encountered tW
Insurgents. He was reinforced by Captain
Gracie and the enemy wa? drlren to Ta
nay. One American W23 killed and cr.e
was wounded.
? —
RELEASED PRISONERS
SENT BACK TO SPAIN
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2*!.— The progress
of the movement begun about three
months zzo toward the return to Spain
of the prisoners released from the Kili
plr.os !s reported by General Otis in the
following cablegram received at the War
Department to-day:
MANILA, Jan. 38 — F>'ea*e-i Spanish prls
cners— seventy-four c2!c*tb. VfA *r^..svt-i =*a.
twenty-two civilian oflcU.:*. t*?:tr-os» wires
»b3 thirtr-STe chiidr»n— were tamlsbed trans
partafftn to Spain yesterday.
all feel that a great duty 4fvo3res upor.
rdu to maintain the honor cf the cr.^n
flag and that you will assist the regular ,
forces of her Majesty ar.d do credit to ;
your corps- I wish you now Godspeed ;
and a safe return."
Lord Chesham called for cheers for the j
Prince. which were enthusiastically j
given, the men hoist :n? their hats an<J ,
their rifles. The officers were then pre- ;
sented to the Prir.ce individually. Sev- j
eral of them wer* among his personal :
friends, notably Ph!!i!p Perclval of the |
P.oyal Yacht Bquadron. who goes out as
a captain. Among the troopers is the
husband of Mrs. Patrick Campbell, the
actress.
"ANOTHER STEP INTO
THE MOUSE TRAP"
BERLIN. Jan. 26— The latest new* from
South Africa is interpreted as a ?ignal
defeat for the British. The Deutsche
Tageblatt calls the British position there
"another fctep into the mouse trap."*
The last direct German malls to the
Transvaal are now being returned from
Cape Town without any explanation on
the part of the British authorities. The
German press comments upon the fact
with considerable heat.
An Incident illustrating the bitterness of
popular feeling in Germany against Lng
land ia the appearance of a pamphlet to
day entitled. "The Final Reckoning W ith
England." This pretends to describe
events in 1531 and sets forth descriptions
of naval battles in which Germany de
feats England and a general breakup of
the British empire ensues, with Australia
declaring her independence and the other
British colonies being divided up among
various powers.
REPORTS OF GENERALS.
LONDON. Jan. 26.— The Gazette to-day
publishes a number of dispatches from
General Buller received by the War
Office inclosing reports from Gen
erals White. Hildyard. Methuen and
other generals regarding their various
operations, but containing nothing later
than the record of occurrences to the mid
dle of December. A dispatch from Gen
eral White, dated November 2. sa>' s:
"1 was so greatly impressed with the ex
posed position of the garrison of Glencoe
that I determined (October 11* to with
draw from there and concentrate all the
troops at Ladysmlth. But the Governor
represented that this step would lmoHe
such grave political results that I deter
min*d to accept the military risk of hold
ing Dundee, as the lesser of w0 evils-
General White then Proceeds to d*sclbe
the subsequent attack by 4000 Boers, of
whom 600 were killed or wounded, three
of their guns being left dismounted atTa
lana Hill, but there was no opportunity
to bring them off. He also d^ribes how
the Boers were streaming away in bodies
of from 50 to 100.
WOULD NOT MEET LEYDS.
PARIS, Jan. 27, 6 a. m.— The znornin*
papers comment upon the absence of the
British Embassador. Sir Edmund J. Mon
son, from President Loutret's diplomatic
dinner on Thursday evening, at which Dr.
Leyds was present. The Echo de Parts
"His absence was the caus« of much re
mark. Moreover, the receptions at the
British Embassy have been suspended for
some weeks past. Marquis de Gallifet.
who was formerly a constant visitor, has
not been seen at the embassy during the
last fortnight. We may add that the re
call of Sir Edmund Monson, which was «o
much discussed before the Transvaal war.
is only delayed. He will be replaced after
the exposition."
CHRISTMAS AT LADYSMITH.
LONDON. Jan. VL— A dispatch to the
Standard from Ladysmith. dated Decem
ber 26, describing the Christmas celebra
tion says:
"Only a few were fortunate enough to
get turkeys or geese. The majority had
to be content with the hard beef of
dwarfed, underbred oxen or the coaise
goat flesh, which did duty as mutton. On
Saturday there was a provision auction.
Potatoes brought at the rate of a shilling
each eggs averaged lOd each, carrots 7d
each, ducks half a guinea each, clgar«U«s
42d per three-penny package and whisky
from £5 to £7 a bottle. Everybody, how
ever, was able to Indulge tn Chrintmns
pudding, as the commissariat kindly is
sued the necessary ingredients for the oc
casion." ,
GATACRE'S POSITION SECURE.
Special Cabl« to The Call and New York Her
ald. . Copyrighted, 1500, by James Oordon
Bennett.
QUEENSTOWN, Jan. 24.— 1 have Just
returned from Pen Hock. Scotitn report
that the Boers are 1000 strong in Storra
berg, also that a force of 1000 is at Dord
recht. We hoid all the passes, and Gata
cre's position is quite secure.
STEYN MOVES TO PRETORIA.
DURBAN, Jan. 24.— One- hundred and
sixty Boers captured during General Hul-
tical;r ran fr^m t£.< frzpzorzlzz Irfai:tr7.
Of Lord M*thu*r/s tactics the report*
rtc-w that ai Belm-^-t. Gras Pa^ asd
Zioidfrr River he m each cas* Hi cot
ir.cif the na<^ pc-sitio— cf th^ fore* of
E&*ri '.t. Crest cf him. O*n*rai Builer,
ecmm*r.rfr.y upc-r British K»utl=s. cat:s
ttcstliy mays: "I *^ppo*e ocr oSc«rs will
!earr. th-« v^m cf e'-outlrg '.z. time, but
Is t jit* of ill o=e car. «*y up to this our
n:*r. s**rs to fci-sder ir.zo the middle of
th» enemy."
The orly new* nt zz.y fzspcrtacc* In tfce
oth*r fjiiis oi war !=.<iic-a:es that Gexerz.l
French la trtdtr.tly pushing tie taaterly
Lines ci;t co a to get into communication
with G*E*rai Gata-crt. The Morning
Pest's military critic scye:
"Tfc* British most either attacic again
ar.t!l they hay» agala driven o2 tfce
Bc*rs aT.3 can k«;> tb» hili against a
ccrer.t<»r attack, or tb*7 must ?.rA another
ist-arj of irirspr.g a'&cit a E>tr retreat.
Tt.t explanation of the rzcasa oi the
Bo*re cr. Y."<=*ir.»-s<Jay :s probably that
they wfrT» r*;r.rore<-d. On Wednesday two
battaSSßa ci L;t*.e!tcr.« brigade suffered
General Kobbe's Expe
dition Successful;
TROOPS CAPTURE
FILIPINO TOWNS
WAR SCENES IN SOUTH AFRICA.
ing the fighting on Sunday last were
very great. General Warren's men cap
tured 160 prisoners and 130 Boers were
found dead In one trench.
PRINCE OF WALES
TALKS TO YEOMANRY
LONDON. Jan. 26.— At the Life Guards'
barracks at Regent Park this morning
the Prince of Wales Inspected the first lot
of Yeomanry, who start for South Africa
to-morrow. A number of well-known
people w»re present, including Lady
Essex, Lord Rothschild and Lord and
Lady Lonsdale. The Prince of Wales,
who wore the undress uniform of a staff
general, walked along the' entire line with
Lord Chesham, making the most minute
Inspection of every man, often taking a
rifle in his hands and examining all parta
of the equipment. The men looked very
buHlnesß-like in khaki and puttees, with
cowboy hats turned up at the side, with
a little bronze emblem representing the
Prince of Wales feathers. At the con
clusion of the Inspection the Prince of
Wales made a speech, during which ho
said;
"1 am proud of the privilege of Inspect
ing you here to-day before you start for
active service. I also feel it a very high
compliment that I have been Asked to m
your honorary colonel. You may be sure
I shall take the deepest interest in your
welfare and' watch all of your proceed
ings. Tnifj. you will, like all the men
who have volunteered for active service,
do your duty to your sovereign and your
country> I am sure that though you
leave your homes and your country, you
Dep<r.i3b;- Drugs
Prescription
There is absolute safety
in our prescription depart-
ment.
Your child can come to
us with a prescription and
return with the medicine
exactly as ordered.
We are absolutely de-
pendable.
Allcock's Porous Plasters 15c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 8?c
Angiers Emulsion 40c, 8?c
Aver's Hair Vigor 75c
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral 20c
Ayer's Sarsapari!!a 75c
Carter's Pills 15c
Ciniojra Soap 1 5c
Cascarets 10c, 20c, 40c
Castoria 25c
Eskav's Food 20c
HoocPs Sarsaparllla 75c
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c
Lablache Face Powder 35c
Mellin's Food — largs 55c
Maltlnes S;c
Munvon's Rem? Jies 20c, 40c, S;c
Pir.kh-im's Compound 75c
Paine's Celery- Compound 75c
Pears* Soap 15c
Syrup of Figs , 35c
Scott's Emulsion 40c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Fr*« dsMvery to ral!roaj points within
100 n:les on criers ot $5 or np.
Jf*s|i 1128 MARKET ST.
10th and BROADWAY. o*kl«»o
BRITISH EXPEDITION
DEFEATS THE TAGAS
Captain Harrington Victorious in a
Battle With Untutored Sav
aeres of Borneo.
LONDON. Jan. 2s.— The Briusn expeci
tion against the rebellious Tagas under
Mat Salieh, British North Borneo, has
been entirely successful. Captain Hamr.g
ton, with 100 Sikhs, after two days" figti
ing. on January & and 9. against KwO ret«;s
captured two forts and two villages. b»e*
up the rebel magazine and killed or
wounded sixty Tagas. The British bad
four men wounded. The remaining vil
lages of the disturbed district submitted.
BURNHAM REARRESTED.
Wife Now Brings a Charge of As
sault Against Hira.
Special Dispatcn to me can.
PASADENA, Jan. 26.— Not content when
the Superior Court adjudged her husband
sane. Mrs. D. R. Burnham to-day had him
arrested and charged with assattlt. The
Burnham case haa been the most sensa
tional which has occurred in this city for
a long time, on account of the high social
standing of the parties. Though the ar
rest of Captain Bumham to-day was not
unlooked for by some of his friends, it
has caused a revival of Interest In the
case.
Captain Burnham Is a retired army oS
cer and his son Is Captain William Burn
ham of Morro Castle. Havana. Mrs.
Burnham. who brings the accusations
against her husband and follows them up
so unrelentingly, is the granddaughter of
an English nobleman and a relative of
President Buchanan. Ehe has been mar
ried to Captain Burnham for forty-one
years. Very few people believed that the
charges were true, and they were not sub
stantiated when Captain Burnham was
acquitted In short order of the insanity
charge. A strange feature of this case Is
that young Burnham, the son, has been
111. He got out of bed to appear in court
and stood by his father, telling his mother
when she upbraided him that he had to
tell the truth.
VICTORY FOR KING.
Acquitted on One of the Six Charges
of Forgery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 2(s.— Abram Kin*, the
aged capitalist, who was accused of for
gery in connection with his guardianship
of Stephen Hobson, an insane person. wa<»
acquitted of one of the six charges by the
Jury this afternoon. The charge on which
King was tried was raining the claim cf
John Anthe» for paperhanging from tlo 90
to $25 90. King claimed he had expemit.l
the additional $10 for the estate, and mrre
ly changed the figures to make a correct
charge against the estate. When the ver
dict was read King broke down and wept
Two years ago the Grand Jury returned
blx indictments for forgery and one for
perjury against King. On the previous
trial for forgery the jury disagreed.
King is one of the most prominent enri
tallsts in the county. He has been a bank
er. Supervisor. County Judge and held
other public offices. When Stephen Hob
con died the estate accounts showed many
Irregularities, and King paid JIO.OOO Into
the estate to compromise a civil suit
brought against him.
Special Cafcle to The Call tiu2 tie 2»^=- Tcri HeraM. Copyright, ISOO, by Janes Gordcn Bennett.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Commenting on Warren's re
treat from Splon Kop the Times says:
**The conssquencefi of this latest check may be
very serious to the gallant Ladysmith garrison. It
\h impossible to estimate the next movement. It may
be that General Buller will be compelled to retire from
rhe Ground he lately won: but in any event we may be
sure that the British people will not 6how themselves
wanting in fortitude and steadiness. The Government
would be well advised to call out immediately all the
militia and to expedite the dispatch of the Eighth
Division and of the Fourth Cavalry Brigade, No doubt
Lord Roberts will strain nerve to enable General
Buller to renew the attempt to relieve Ladysmith."
British Public Believes That General Buller Is Withholding an
Appalling Casualty List, and Prepares to Receive Still
Worse News — Relief Column in a Most Perilous Position.
WITHDRAWAL FROM SPION KOP
CLASSED AS ANOTHER MAJUBA HILL
REPORTED KILLING OF
AMERICANS IN MEXICO
Six Men Said to Have Been Shot
by General Torres' Orders
for Aiding the Yaquis,
rr r\<?O Tex Jan. SL-The rr.al! to-night fr;m Guaymas. if ex.. -rtnp
fu'nTs-wVrlThct a::rtr.r ta« Ml the foot cf the facatet^ £f -.^
# .- !«..< hv cder of General Torres, who is in command c. i~t
A %"^^:; the M.xicaTtroops found the Amer.cans in friendly tn-.er^.urse
I* L vl--»" w^c-n the troops have surrounded in the rang*. Seme o
with the Ya^~*. l -.'l rere an d wer e prospectors. Americana at Guay-
away from :he Ya.ui country.
RUSSIA'S COUP
D'ETAT IN CHINA
STRIKES A BLOW
AT THE MAFIA
Czar's Hand Seen in the
Present Upheaval.
Decree of the Italian
Government-
I/JXDON. Js-t- *-A specla] £s?**3l
'-cm -^-anghai says the news of the abdi-
SSwfSS Chinese Emperor ha* caused
a tremendous ?ensatlon in Japan. "*"*•*
a strong desire is expressed to .a£^
stri-ge-* ~e-»«re?, as it is beUeved Ru^
<L"ls the leading tar.d in the coup <*>**-
The Hongkong correspondent o. - UM
Times Fays he has received a <pP^h
intimating the dethronement and death
cf Emperor Kwang Su.
The Dowager Empress ha* dismissed Ju
Lun*. generaUs^mo of the Chinese force*.
en account of his suppo*^ disapproval of
tlw coup detat. Other high oCcia.s have
b**n -uperseded. Extraordinary precau
tions "have teen taken at U»_**»«S
capitals to prevent rising^ The_..^?s
have been served wita J"* «**H2SMe!ted
The interior of China U grea.lv «...»
and progressive Chinese are beggi-g t-^f
h r^r^^^4^^
fficial confirmation received here
t^'K-w'thV status cf a son of the last
Exns>CTOr. The statement that a new r.m
pVror" has ascended the throne w incorrect,
although it is likely the present action is
preparatory thereto."
The shanghai correspondent of the
Times says: "A petition waa forwarded
by telegram to Peiing to-cay. signed fey
1 i'X> represerstatlves of local Chinese mer
chants and gentry, begging th* Princes
and Ministers of the Tsung Li Yamen to
\ZT7;<i the Ernp*ror to reconsider his abdi
cation and revoke the edict."
PAP.IS. Jan. X.— The Temps* P-^rne cor
respondent says:
•The Government has strccJc the i£a
fia another blow. A royal decree dissolve*
the Pa:?rr=- mtmirirai Co'^nrti. whim
was ccnapoS'ed raostlv c! frlen-i3 cf aljncr
PaJirzolo. The" Co^ncii almost cau«*d a
riot recently by increasing the octroi."
On December 5 last & sr»a.t sens^ricr.
was caused through ItaJy by the trial of
faro railroad dec en the charge cf mur
der aca robbery in a railroad car near
Palermo, tie victim being Signer Not ir
Baxto!o. a former director of the BarJc
of Sicily and one cf the most prominent
citiiena of Palermo. The trial was at
tended by a number of dra.ma.uc inci
dents, the murdered man's son accustr.<
B:gncr Palizzolo. a member of the Cnar
ter of Deputies from Palermo, cf hav-.n*
given the order for the murder of Signer
Notar Bartoio. A3 2. result oi t£i» accu
sation the Chamber ci Deputies met ia
special session and authorized the prose
cution cf Signor Paiirzdo. who wis ar
rested en December * m Palermo.
ler's recent op*ratior.» have arrived fc*r».
A Free Stater who is among the recent
arrivals say 3 that President Stem fca«
been removing his furr.!t«r» to Pretoria,
where several cf his officials have taKers
houses. It is also reported that no bfr
sp^ns are !eft i^ the Pretoria forts ani
that the Ec-ers have exhausted their ¦tock
cf grood Mauser cartri'isrea and arc 1
yslng cartridges formerly <ror.deinr.es fey
General Joufcert. They are said v- •—
manufacturing I2JOO cartridges and .'«
shells daily at the dynamite factory.
BOMBARDMENT OF KIMBERLEY.
PRETORIA. Wednesday. Jan. li.— Th»
Federal forces have started a heavy bcsi
bardisent of Kiniberley. Th» grarrlscns
r.*w gnu was carried f.ve miles, but col
lapsed after a few shot?. A body cf 2LO
lancers nnade a sortie from La^lysraith
under cover of a heavy cannon and rifle
f.re from the forts opposite ike laager of
the Pre;oria commando. The British re
tired with evident loss. One Bo*r wu
wounded. A heavy cannor.ade started
this morning and still continues.
THT- SAX FRAXCISCO CAiL, SATUBDAY. JANUARY 27, 1900.
Sal b&to k tSk_ "~Tf &j o*> 3
4Funny Jap cartoons in next
Sunday's Call. Compare the
Japanese idea of the Ameri
can firl with the acceptad
type of Yankee daughter— •
they are on the same page. '.
FINAL GAME OF FOOTBALL.
The last of a series of three games of
football between a team representing
Company H. League of the Cross, and the
Snowballs of Vallejo will be played on the
Sixteenth and Folsom street grounds to
morrow. Each eleven has gained a vic
tory and this is the final test. The teams
will line up:
Company H. .Positions. Snowballs.
L. Noel Center Kavanagh
A. Edminster Right guard Leary
j. Wlers Lett guard Williamson
S. Rogers a-.;.- -
or Atkinson. Rlcht tackle Hoyt
J Whalen l*tf tackle Canty
T. Ahem Right end Scully
E>. Ahem (capt).-.Left end McPJke
Cal Ewlng Quarter Lee
W Leavey Right halfback McEnery
J. Erlenhelxn Left halfback McDonough
D. Atkinson
or W. DlnsmoreFullback Scan's
I one time and place, and on all sides could
be heard in the hum of conversation re
marks to the effect that they who had
given up the sport for the last year or
so were going to take it up with renewed
energy this spring. Many dealers were
present, and they all asserted that there
was an unprecedented demand for new
wheels and the repair of old ones.
On Wednesday night all this was doubly
proven by the attendance at the meeting
of the association, which has been unable
to get a quorum for the past four months,
but had enough delegates present that
night to make two meetings. Many
thought this would be its last meeting,
but a motion to adjourn sine die was
voted down unanimously. Amendments
! to the by-laws were proposed, changing
somewhat the general scope of the or-
I ganlzation, and from the enthusiastic
speeches of Mr. Woodson of Sacramento
and Mr. Adams of this city it was ap
parent that the association was about to
awaken from its lethargy and continue
in its control of cycling. The only thing
that the body will give up Is the control
of track racing, that being delegated to
the National Cycling Association, as suc
cessor of the League of American Wheel
men.
The entertainment committee of the
California Cycling Club has arranged for
the club's monthly social, to be held at
the club rooms. Twenty-second and Fol
som streets, this evening. Captain Butt
genbach is figuring on a run to Tocaloma
early in February.
The East Side Cycling Club of Los An
geles has elected the following officers:
Leon Conklin. president; E. Sullivan, vice
president; Walter Leeds, secretary-treas
urer; W. 11. McKeog. captain; R. D. Mus
sey, first lieutenant; Ross Kennedy, sec
ond lieutenant: these, with J. Johnson. E.
C. Dockstadter and i rands Frankhouser,
form the board of directors.
Herbert V. Ready of the Bay City Club
Is touring Southern California for his
health.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
mento have again elected J. A. Woodson
president. He has managed the club most
successfully In the past, and Is highly de
serving of the honor. So much Is Mr.
Woodson's ability appreciated by cyclists
at large that he was recently offered the
presidency of the C. A. C. C, but would
not accept, saying he thought the presi
dent of that body should reside In this
city. The other officers elected by the
Capital Cityd are: Dr. Clifford Todd. vice
president; J. T. Sheehan. secretary; H.
Bennett, treasurer; Ammon Clay, captain;
G. S. Eldred, historian: George Stroner,
J. M. Wheat. C. M. Goethe and W. G.
Hill, executive committee.
RIFLEMEN'S NEW CLUB.
San Jose has a new rifle-shooting club
organized under the name of the San
Jose Sharpshooters. This makes three
clubs of this kind in the Garden City.
L. D. Hoback was the leader in the move
ment, creating the latest, which differs
materially in its make-up from all others
in the State. The difference lies in that
Its membership is limited to ten, and nine
have already entered their names on tho
CYCLISTS SHOW ACTIVITY.
Two occurrences within the past week
have caused local wheelmen to open their
eyes to the fact that what was thought
to be apathy toward the sport was mere
ly rest, and that the season of 1900 prom
ises to be a revival of the boom of ISSS.
The first of these was the immense crowd
of old-time wheelmen at the Bay City
Club's entertainment last Saturday night.
Never in the history of the sport have
so many prominent riders gathered at
INDOOR BASEBALL.
Indoor baseball and basket-ball are
causing the athletes of the Young Men's
Christian Association considerable men
tal trouble at the present time. The con
flict in the two schedules has forced the
basket-ball men to the wall and has
caused a postponement of basket-brill
games.
The reason of the postponement is due
to the fact that many of the basket-ball
men are playing on the Indoor baseball
team. The schedule for this league, which
will comprise the Olympic, Reliance and
Young Men's Christian Association teams,
was settled last night. The first game
will be played next week and the, last some
time in the middle of February; The win
ner of this league will meet Stockton for
the State championship and the prize cup.
The basket-ball league of Oakland, com
prising five teams— Athens, Spartans, Mis
sions, Rusers and Apollos— will recom
mence operations In April. A new basket
ball team has been organized under the
name of the Alerts: C. W. McConncll,
right guard; A. E. Blethner. left guard;
W. S. Graves, center; A. E. Larsen. right
forward; Alex Petersen (captain), left
forward; substitutes, Irvine Holmes and
William Dryer.
C. E. Pomeroy has been made manager
of the indoor baseball team.
AROUNDTHE BOATHOUSES
The five-mile barge race on Oakland
Creek last Sunday between the Alameda
seniors and a crew of the South End
Rowing Club was won easily by the for
mer, who jumped away with the lead and
were never caught. Though Ayers' wrists
became cramped and Greenleaf was row-
Ing extremely short during the latter part
of the race, the South Enders were quite
unable to gain on their rivals, two of
their own men having given out. The
Alamedas rowed about 40 strokes a min
ute all through, and at the finish quick
ened to 42 or 43. This is a fast stroke
for a long course, but the Alameda sen
iors form a clever crew and can sit their
boat, which cannot be said of the South
End representatives. The event served
to show that the Oakland Creek is an
eminently suitable course.
Walter Dupllssea. T. Lynch. John Mit
chell and "Tom" Lynch, who were In the
Third Artillery, have returned from Ma
nila and will take up rov.ing again.
At the last meeting of the South End
Rowing Club the officers elected for the
present half year were Installed and the
following new members were initiated:
J. Magulre, Victor Elfendahl, W. J. De
martini and John HaTineti. At the next
meeting L. Walsh and M. Kilgallon will
be initiated.
The membership list of the Aerial Row
ing Club is growing and, as there is no
limitation to the number of members, the
club bids fair to pass the others. Sev
eral applications for membership are on
file, and at a recent meeting six new
members were initiated— E. J. Murphy of
the Southern Pacific law department
John H. Desmond and Aaron H. Brown
of the Southern Pacific freight office, Wal
ter H. Young of the Sun Insurance of
fice and Charles J. McKeon. Robert El
lis, who left this city for Manila several
months ago. has returned and rejoined
the Arlels. The club will have three barge
crews the coming season. The seniors
will be: H. Wilson; bow; W. McKenr.a.
No. 2; Robert Ellis, No. 3, and William
NO STEELHEADS TAKEN.
The sportsmen who went to the Russian
River district last Saturday after steel
heads returned without a single fish. As
such Fklllful anglers as John Siebe, George
Watson, Fred Johnson. Judge Evans,
John Butler. Colonel Kelihor. A. T. Vo
gelsang and Al Wilson were in the party
it was through no lack of ability that they
were unable to show tome evidence of
their fishing expedition.
The stream was clear at Austins and
also below that point. The fish were not
bar-bound and could go up If they so de
sired. It is the opinion of expert fisher
men that there will be little sport this sea
son, the river being so high. This will be
favorable to the fish, which suffered se
verely for the past two years.
John Gallagher secured some fine young
steelheads on Thursday at Point Reyes.
He sent a platterful to John Butler.
The officers of the San Francisco Striped
Ba«s Club for this year are: President.
Charles F. Breidenstein; vice president.
James Watt; secretary, James S. Turner;
treasurer, Charles H. Kervell; executive
committee— George A. Wentworth, George
M Mitchell. Sidney Hall. F. E. Daver
kosen. William S. Turner. A number of
prizes are offered for the member taking
the largest striped bass during the year.
and Wilson in the distance events- Strout
Bowman, Pollard. Dole. Symonds and
button in the hurdles; Boyd. Dole. Cutter.
thi 1 ?, ' rif s er -Hopper and Naramore in
the jumps; Boyd. rutter. Dole and Foster
In the pol- vault; Berwick and Louslev in
the walk; Parker. Cutter. Nutter, Rice
and Traeger, weight men.
PRACTICE AT PALO ALTO.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 26.-
Baseball practice has begun in earnest at
Stanford, and the season promises to be
a successful one. At the call of Coach
Murphy about thirty men came out, five
of whom have already won honors on the
diamond. While the material among
the freshman class is not abundant, those
candidates who are out show good ability
and are willing workers. Horn of Palo
v&Si p , h . mi P s - Chaffey and Traeger of
!¦ orurville are ail men of experience and
may prove of value to the team. Horn
is showing up wen behind the bat and is
Tri^r" 8 <yinv in £ ldate for that position.
V,r X «*"«» .Phillips are both working
for the guardianship of first base, with
about even chances. The only man left
->lurpn> who has not yet appeared on the
diamond on account of his football injury
or .ast fall. There seems to be, no lack
',l,f and " I 1I 1 , ates f °r these two vacancies.
Ha\cr.s Braden. Cowden. Symonds, Kel
logg and Knapp have ail had some ex
perience What is giving Coach Murphy
the mest concern is the pitcher's box Not
hnt th"?t n ?h an . !f not cn , tirel >' satisfactory,
but that the uam would be entirely crip
pled if anything should happen to him
Loweiuhal. Knight and Traeger are b£
ing tried as substitutes In the box, and It
may be that by hard eoachlrg a worthy
assistant to Lanagan may be turned out
Captain Strohn will go back to his old
Bf« *t second if he finds a man who can
Kn^! S r,Pi a « e u^ md the bat satisfactory"
Edwards will be seen as usual at third
Loughfad at short and Murphy in the
center field. The first match game of the
l a ru W "Lh e ,, pla^ d on the ca^fnSs to
morrow with the Fireman's Fund team
Other games with the same team will be :
February 10. San Francisco; February 2'
x? mP K S , : « February v - San Francisco-
March 10. campus; March 24. San Fran
cl ff C u\i, ou o Sld0 T Kamcs wm also be played
with the ban Jose, Santa Clara and Bel
mont teams.
HOUNDS LEAD
MANY HUNTERS
A FAST CHASE
Clubmen Now Propose to Pur
sue a Fox Over the Fields
and Fences of San
Mateo County.
MEMBERS of the San Mateo Hunt
Club enjoyed a well attended and
pleasant run last Saturday, there
being a field of twenty-six, among whom
were Mrs. H. Howard. Miss Marie Wells,
Miss Marie Oge. the three Misses Brittan.
F. J: Carolan. J. J. Moore. Walter S. Ho
bart. Duncan Hayne, H. Howard. E D
Beylard. R. M. Tobin. Dr. de Marvllle. R.
Dunphy and Leon Bocqueraz. The meet
was at San Carlos station at 3 p. m , and
many people drove over from San Mateo.
Burlingame and Belmont to see the
throw-off. The run was from San Carlos
over the Phelpa Hills to Beimont. thence
through the Splivalo ranch toward* the
Crystal Springs Lake, and thence to G
Howard's property. The run was about
twelve miles, through rough coantrv with
four cheeky. Out of the field of twenty
six twenty finished.
The master of the hunt had nine of h!-»
new hunters out, and the huntsman re
cently engaged by him. as well as Jerry
Keating. The hounds being now !n better
condition than in the early part of the
season, the pace was fast.
On Wednesday afternoon the meet was
at Byrne's store on the edge of the Cry
stal Springs reservoir, behind San Mateo.
This afternoon the rendezvous is the old
toilgate house on Crystal Springs road,
behind San Mateo. and the finish will bo
between Burlingame and Millbra^. It ha-«
been proposed to hunt a live fox Instead
of pursuing the customary drag.
As it is desired to increase the popular
ity of the sport, all riders who may care
to do so are invited to attend the meet.-*
and ride to the hounds, and. In order to
enable a.s many people as possible to see
something of the sport, the place at
which the run will end will be published
as well as the place of meeting.
Howe or James 'Wilson, stroke. The in
termediate crew will be composed of
Charles Wilson, bow; E. C. Peters, No. 2;
Frank Loth, No. 3, and E. J. Lynch,
stroke. The junior crew will consist of
E. Stenberg. bow: J. Geddes. No. 2; M.
Harris. No. 3, and J. Foley. stroke. An
other junior crew is being formed and
will be coached by J. R. Bockman. H.
Wlttkopf. James Wilson, E. Stenberg and
W. McCausland will go in for the senior
shell races this year and Dr. H. A. Plesa
will rtain for outrlgged skiff events.
COLLEGE BOYS
TRAINING FOR
FIELD SPORTS
At University of Californiaand
at Stanford University Base
ball and General Athletic
Work Interests the Students.
SPRING athletics are already interest
ing the college men. though the sea
son Is winter. Baseball and other
Fport* have supplanted football. The pre
liminary work has begun and before many
¦weeks elapse the San Francisco public
¦will have an opportunity of witnessing
the Blue and Gold and the Cardinal pitted
ngainst each other on diamond and cin
der-path.
Dr. Murphy, who had charge of the
football team at Stanford last year, will
train and coarh the baseball and track
teams. As a baseball coach Murphy has
a splendid reputation. He has played at
Yale and also coached there after his
craduation. With the material he has to
work on at Palo Alto a strong nine should
be developed. So far the material offered
him consists of Havens. Murphy. Knapp,
liraden, Dutton. Phillips. Traeger, Horn,
Loughead, Edwards, Symonds, Cowden,
Lanni^an and Captain Strohn. In this
group are many veterans, and the new
mon are also promising candidates.
Class games have been in progress at
Berkeley during the past week, and they
have disclosed some good material, though
nothing of the extraordinary kind. Next
week the college team will begin its work
end then Captain Kaarsberg will have his
hands full until the end of spring. The
promising candidates are: McKeown.
Warren. Smith, Wolf. Kaarsberg. Carl,
Jones. Barker. Carter. Hunter. Hamlin
and Mem. Swan and Fuller may return
On the track California will have a team
that may possibly outclass anything ever
developed on this coast. Under Track
Captain Drum the preliminary gymnasium
work has begun and the men will go on
the field shortly. There are as candidates
for the team: Drum. Woolsey. Bakewell.
Squires, Moser. Carpenter. Gustafson.
Powell. Hoffman, Walsh. De Lashmutt.
Allen. Broughton. Hussey and a number
of freshmen. , .
Stanford will not neglect track and field
athletics. Track Captain Hugh Boyd has
already marshaled his men. and they are
by no means light, either in number or in
quality. This is Stanford's list of athletes
lor the year: Zelmer. Hawley, Nourse,
Copp. Harter. McDonald and Stewart in
the sprints; Bancroft, E. A. Smith. Traeger
and Fisher in the "«0"; Chadbourne. Mor
ris, Barker. Brlstow, Adams, Nourse.
Harkins, Stadtmullcr, Rose, Lawrence
AMONG THE YACHTSMEN.
Last Sunday Commodore T. L. Hill of
the San Francisco Yacht Club visited
Larkspur and spent some time on board
his sloop Cygnus, which is laid up in the
creek there. Several Corinthians were at
Tiburon overhauling their craft, scraping
booms and spars. The annual meeting of
the Corinthian Yacht Club will be held
on Wednesday evening, the 31st inst..
when the nominees on the regular ticket
will be elected as officers for the present
year. Preparations for the entertainment
to be given in Native Sons' Hall on the
evening of February 15 are progressing,
a rehearsal having been held a few even
ings ago. Tickets have been distributed
among the members for sale to their
friends and to those who have witnessed
tTie shows given and partaken of the hos
pitality dispensed by the club at Tiburon.
The lagoon behind i.^uron is generally
considered a pretty safe wintering place
for a boat, but even there a yacht occa
sionally drags her moorings. In the re
cent storm the schooner Gladys ran upon
the mud flats, near the railroad, and her
owners had considerable trouble in float
ing her again.
11. R. Simpklns' yawl Tramontana,
which was moored at Antioch for some
months. Is at Sausalito. She was too
lightly constructed in the first place and
will be strengthened considerably, though
just In what way has not yet been de
cided. Dr. A. W. McKenzie s sloop Sap
pho has been overhauled and put into
thorough repair.
The California Yacht Club members are
looking forward to an active season. The
old wharf being weak, it is intended to
build a new and larger one, reaching far
ther out into the creek; also to improve
the trestle walk leading to the clubhouse
on the side toward Alameda. The trophy
offered last season by Commodore A. M.
Clay to the yacht attending the largest
number of cruises was won by E. N. Wal
ter and Laughland Brothers' sloop Embla,
which attended all the. cruises but one,
and obtained a percentage of 94 11-100.
Commodore Clay's own sloop Pactolua
missed only one cruise and so obtained
the same percentage.
roll. The tenth has applied, and there is
no fear but that the full number will
soon be obtained. So far the members
are Dr. Edward ririch. J. W. Puterbaugh.
Dr. John F. Burns. Dr. A. M. Barker, Dr.
F. H. Bangs. Dr. C. H. Hervey, H. O.
Hickox, Dr. T. A. Perrin and L. D. Ho
back. The Sharpshooters have obtained a
range on Lincoln avenue, near Willow
street, and all the necessary appliances
for the convenience of the marksmen
have been or are to be put in. From all
accounts the riflemen will ha\ - e practice
shoots on week days and contests for
medals every month.
The Sacramento Helvetia Rifle Club,
one of the strongest shooting organiza
tions In the State, held an election of
officers last week. The following were se
lected: President. E. Schmidt; vice presi
dent. J. Gruhler; secretary. F. Zberg;
treasurer. A. Buergi; first target master.
H. Miller: second target master, M. Bo
derfield: trustees, J. Meyer, A. Griesel and
I. Robie.
DUCKS AVOID
PRESERVES OF
THE GUN MEN
While the Bay Is Full of Splen
did Birds, Sportsmen Report
a Scarcity on the Regular
Shooting Grounds.
THE sportsmen who went in quest of
ducks last Sunday had but little sport
to repay them for their efforts, as
there was no flight of birds. There was
no wind stirring on the marshes and few
birds were seen on any of the preserves.
The bays in this vicinity were covered
with canvasbacks. bluebills and butter
balls, but they would not permit boats
of any description to approach them. The
conditions remain the same this week,
and unless a storm develops, the results
should be tho same.
Al Cumming has lost his famous Irish
setter Sport, which has been his insepar
able companion for fifteen years on his
innumerable fishing and shooting excur
sions. The dog was poisoned at Salmon
Creek, where his owner was enjoying a
brief outing. It is thought some of tho
fishermen, who were using illegal meth
ods, took offense at the presence of Mr.
Cumming, who is a deputy Fish Commis
sioner, and is widely known as one of the
most thorough sportsmen on the coast.
For five years past he has not used a
landing net for trout, salmon or steelhead,
the dog retrieving the fish as he would a
quail or a snipe. Mr. Cumming has in
stituted an inquiry in an effort to.fix the
responsibility for the death of his dog.
Shooting on the Olympic Club preserve
last Sunday was of average quality. \V .
A. Marshall was "high gun" with eight
een birds. A great number of canvas
backs were seen in the vicinity, but were
difficult to get. H. J. Wicker and H. B.
Hosmer spent Wednesday at the preserve,
but there were no ducks to be found.
Bert Patrick shot over a private pre
serve near Reeds Station, Marin County,
last Sunday and killed fifteen "cans,"
five widgeon and two teal. He will try
his fortune at the same place to-day.
L. R. Larzalere, John H. Burfeind and
a friend secured a joint bai? of thirty
birds on the Spooney Gun Club preserve
last week. For some weeks previous they
averaged about a hundred birds each day.
They shot over their Alvarado preserve.
11. E. Rose, W. Ray and Louis Titus
went up the bay to Point Richmond last
Sunday in a launch. They secured forty
five birds, the majority of them "cans."
James G. Chesley and E. W. Briggs
made a similar pilgrimage through Rich
ardson's Bay, getting ten "cans" and ten
bluebills.
J. Homer Fritch and W. D. McCarthy
shot over the preserve of Petaluma
Sportsmen's Club last Sunday and secur
ed two and a half dozen ducks. Mr. Mc-
Carthy contributed the lion's share of the
bag.
J. K. Orr, the veteran field and trap
shot, was out after quail during the past
week.
Drakes Bay, above Point Reyes, is said
to provide great shooting, but the accom
modations for strangers are limited. A
Mr. Howard, of Sacramento secured sixty
ducks in one day's shooting recently.
Captain James Markland is preparing
for a descent upon the ducks and will
close the season in brilliant style.
Al Aull secured some plump ducks near
V.allejo on Thursday.
"The board of governors of the Califor
nia Inanimate Target Association will
meet Monday night in the rooms of the
Olympic Gun Club. Secretary Ad Gunzen
dorfer announces that preliminary ar
rangements will be made for the eighth
annual State tournament, which will be
held at Fresno on April 29 and 30.
MAKES AN ANNUAL PILGRIMAGE TO ENGLAND TO HUNT WITH FOX HOUNDS.
IT is no uncommon story to hear of well-to-do Englishmen going: far afield in quest of big game shooting. It Is unusual,
on the contrary, to hear of Calif ornians making regular pilgrimages to England to enjoy the delights of riding to
hounds. Henry Wormington, an Englishman by birth, but a Californian by adoption, is among the latter class of
sportsmen. It has been his custom for years, when business interests permit, to visit England and settle down in the
Worcestershire country, where he can hunt six days a week if he so desires. Three packs, the Worcestershire, the Croome
and the Ledbury, are all available. Mr. Wormington keeps his favorite huntress in England and when he leaves for this
country places her in safe hands and disperses the remainder of his stable. He is enthusiastic over the manner in which
the sport is maintained in England. A large number of packs are supported and many of them attract fields of from
100 to* 200 men and women. The men invariably sport the scarlet coat and take the fences as they find them, riding as
hard as the hunting men of old.
on February 1. Mr. Cranston is a thor
ough sportsman and is particularly well
informed on the subject of greyhounds.
Sir. Parkinson has had charge of the con
ditioning of the dogs for some time past
and has met with marked success. How
well he did his work is attested by the
consistent running of the dogs and the
excellent showing they have made. The
kennel will be represented in the John
Grace challenge cup stake by Whitehead.
Minneola. Sara Pepita. Carrr.encita,Craw
ford I.ad and Crawford Braes.
N. P. Whitney's Rochester has been
mated with Little Wonder, the dam of
Whitehead, Wonder and Minnie Wa Wa.
Dr. A. T. Leonard has reserved two en
tries for the John Grace cup. One of
these will be his promising dog Master
Lawrence.
The meeting of the Interstate Coursing
Club on February 6 will be the last chance
leashmen will have to join the club be
fore the running of the Belle Brandon
cup stake and the John Grace cup stake.
These are open only to members of the
club.
Hall and Newell are negotiating for the
celebrated dogs owned by T. J. Mclner
ney of Merced. These include the stake
winners Johnny R. Rosie R. Resina R.
Tommy Rex and Nora, These dogs have
pro\ - ed themselves capable of holding
their own with the best from the local
kennels and would be a formidable string
in the hands of Hall and Newell.
J. P. Thrift's fine collection of puppies
are down with distemper. His friends
hope they will survive the attack, as they
are a promising lot of youngsters.
T. J. Cronin is being congratulated on
the showing made by his new purchase,
the saplings Vixen and Vandal, which he
secured from M. C. Delano. They divided
the sapling stake at Union Park last Sun
day and are considered to have an excel
lent chance for the Belle Brandon cup.
which will be run for next month at
Union Park.
Two new Eastern dogs from the ken
nels of 11. C. Nichols, secretary of the
American Coursing Board. are> entered at
Union Park to-day. They are May Her
schel. by Admiral Tyron-Rent Morning
and Yreva. by Rochester-Ariadne. Both
have won in the East and were sent hero
for some of the big- stakes next month.
A number of flukey courses have been
run recently, the hares resorting to dodg
ing rather than to straight running to ea
cape from the fast does. The haros
usually run in this manner when the grass
Is deep, as they prefer it to a diet of
grain, and thus lose their hard condition.
W. C. Glasson hat sold his- promising
puppy Happy Thought to Connell Broth
ers.
Andrew Dean has been selected as Ju<l<-9
by the officials of the San Mateo Coursing
Park Arthur Massey is expected to han
dle the slips.
FOR FREEDOM WILL BE
TRIED ON THE FIELD
¦pOR the first time in over a year J. H.
£"^ Rosseter's greyhound For Freedom,
the most sensational performer on the
coursing field, will be seen in competition
to-morrow at Union Coursing Park. After
the noon recess he will be given a public
trial with some good dog. It was intended
to use Mr. Rosseter's Recording Angel for
the trial, but she was entered in the puppy
stake, where she will be tested severely in
meeting the best young dogs on the coast.
The outcome of both trials will be a mat
ter of great concern to Manager J. M.
Halton of Pasha Kennels. If Recording
Angel shows the form which brought her
into prominence when she was but nine
months old she will be sent to her owner
In England and will be entered in the
competition there.
She is essentially Californian. being by
Emm Pasha out of Bona. She showed ex
treme speed when but nine months old.
beating aged dogs, and was then matched
with D. J. Healey's Sisquoe, another
promising youngster. When the date of
the match arrived Recording Angel was
suffering from distemper and made a poor
showing in the first course. She win then
withdrawn. She has recovered her form
and was tried out Wednesday with Cur
tis & Son's Cavalier, which led her two
lengths to the hare, although she showed
a fla-sh of her former speed.
For Freedom's trial to-morrow will be
In the nature of a new experience for him.
Until some weeks since he has had only
sufficient exercise to keep him In health.
Lately he has been given road work and is
in good rough condition at the present
time in anticipation of being given special
preparation for the valuable John Grace
Cup stake, which he won last year. His
showing to-day will give leashmen a line
on him as a stake." possibility.
There will be two trains to Union Park
to-day, one at 9:15 a. m., the other at 1
p. m. The preliminary rounds of the
puppy stake will be disposed of In the
morning, leaving the open stake for the
afternoon. The entry in each stake is
notably high class. Many promising
young greyhounds will make their debut
in the puppy stake.
The open stake at Ingleside Park has a
number of high-class performers in the
running. Coursing will commence to-day
at 11:30 a, m. and to-morrow at 11 o'clock
William Barry has taken the death of
the greyhound Bella Mac. which he was
training, so much to heart that he vows
he will have nothing more to do with the
sport. She was owned by F. McCool and
was one of the most promising young
greyhounds on the coast. She picked up
a piece of meat which had been fixed with
strychnine for rats and absorbed enough
of the poison to kill fifty greyhounds, ac
cording 1 to a veterinary surgeon.
John Cranston and George Parkinson
will assume control of the Lopez Kennels
CRACK GOLFERS MEET
ON PRESIDIO COURSE
PLAY in the r.rst game of the second
Oakland and San Francisco golf clubs
series of team matches between the
Rill begin on the Presidio links at 2 p. m.
to-day. Captain 11. B. Goodwin of San
Prancisco Golf Club and Vice Captain P.
E. Bowles of Oakland Golf Club ex
changed lists of their teams yesterday af
:ernoon. The strength of the San Fran
isco team will be considerably weakened
jy the absence of John Lawson and E.
Jonde Jones. The San Francisco repre
sentatives will be chosen from the follow
r.g: S. L. Abbot Jr., H. E. Rabcock, J.
IV. Byrne. Major 11. J. Gallegher. R. 11.
¦Jaylord. H. B. Goodwin. L. O. Kellogg.
Z. J. McCutchen. C. Page. H. D. Pillsbury
md A. B. Williamson. The Oakland eight
rill be selected from the following: P. E.
3owles, P. G. Gow. R. M. Fitzgerald. E.
i. Folgor. G. D. Greenwood. W. P. John
nn. H. F. Knowles. J. C. McKee. H. H.
Smith and F. S. -Stratum.
The Oakland team will be entertained at
unrheon in the San Francisco clubhouse
it noon and the Oakland caddies will be
Provided with an early dinner. After the
ram« refreshments will be served to visit
>rs, members and their friends. The con
xst will be over eighteen holes, match
ilay. The second game will be played on
he Adams Point links next Saturday. The
scores of the two games will then be add
'd and the club whose team has the most
lojes to its credit will hold the trophy.
Arrangements will soon be made for the
adies" contest for the council's cup. which
hill be held under the name conditions as
he men's recent contest for the council's
rophy. The qualifying roui«? will be over
•ighteen holes, medal play, and the eight
>**st scorers will play in the first round
>f the tournament, over eighteen holes,
nedal play. Several of the ladies of the
¦lub have been practicing steadily lately,
md the event is an open one. Several
veil-known ladles who are members of
he San Francisco Golf Club will give a
anee in the clubhouse early next week.
The interest excited among golfers by
he recent successful professional tourna
ner.t on the Oakland links and the pres
nce of so many noted experts in Cali
fornia will cause several similar events to
c arranged. The Hurlingame Country
'lub will hod a professional tournament
n its links m Thursday. February 22,
ver thirty-six holes, medal play, begln
ingr at 10 a. m. The first prize will be
r.">. the srrond $45 and the third $2C<. En
r!«s should reach Alfred R. Ford, secre
*ry of the Burliriirame Country Club, not
iter than February 22 r X The directors in
lte the mem!>ers of the San Francisco.
'rLk!and and San Rafael trnlf «-lnK= t« «^*»
tournament and offer to them the privi
leges of the club for the day.
Alec Smith, Instructor of the Coronado
Golf Club, who took the second prize of JSJ
In the professional tournament recently
held at Oakland, has returned to Coro
nado and has ¦written to the directors of
the Oakland Golf Club asking them to
permit Horace Rawlins and Willie Ander
son, to take part in a tournament for pro
fessionals to be held at Coronado in the
early part of next month. The directors
have given their consent. Several people
well known to San Francisco golfers are
now playing at Coronado. among them
being Mrs. Kautz, Lieutenant and Mrs.
w. G. Miller and the Misses M.. Lily and
S. MeCalla. Miss Ruth I'nderhlll. woman
golf champion of the Tnited States, Is ex
pected to arrive at Coronado soon.
In the Coronado tournament held on
January 13. the events were a nine-hole
handicap lor women and an eighteen-hole
handicap for men. the handicaps being
reckoned on a bogey basis by taking- the
best scores made by the contestants dur
ing the sca«-n n . Thirteen ladies handed in
scores as follows: Miss H. Sturges. 71 less
K— S; Mrs. Kautz. Id less 33—4?,; Mrs. S. G
Evans. X less 43—44: Mrs. Michener. M
lrss 33—43: Miss Jarecki. 73 less ?(>— 47- Miss
M. McCalla. O5 less IS— 4S; Miss Helen
Mealy. CS loss 17— <S; Miss Lily McCalla S3
less 32— 5r: Miss F. A. Carrol. 74 less 22—
Q -V.' 5S UMU M , ary "fa'V. ~- less 20-52; Mrs.
W. G. Miller. 81 less 2T*-52; Miss S Me
le=< 5 ' l'ji.sl 'ji.5- IeSS 3<> ~~ 54; Mlss Comstock, S9
Seven men handed in scores In the men's
handicap as follows: W. N. Murrey, 100
less 2S— T2: H. \V. Lee. 115 less 40-75; W
TS&PJfQ 4^7 f ?- : J - R G;lrdn er- 1<» less
if>— P3; B. \\ . Mckenzle. 117 less IS— 93- B
Richards, O less SO— 99.
_The women's golf championship of
Southern California, held under the man
agement of the Southern CaJifornia Golf
Association, began yesterday on the links
of the Pasadena Country Club at 10 in the
morning. The qualifying round was over
eighteen holes, medal play, the four con
testants making the best scores being en
titled to enter the first round over eight
een holes match play.
The final round. ¦ also over eighteen
holes, match play, will take place to-day
beginning at 1:3<1 p. m. The winner wili
be the champion woman golfer of South
ern California of the year, and the cham
pionship trophy will be held by the club
fmm which she entered.
In addition to the tournament for the
woman's championship there is also an
Interclub match, in which the Pasadena
and Los Angeles country clubs and the
Santa Monica. Redlands and Santa Cata
lina golf clubs are represented by teams
of four men each. Even' team "to play
rightecn holes, match play, against every
other team, individual matches being de
cided by points.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
5
MID WINTER SPORTSAlcalde Parlor's Anniversary.
Alcalde Parlor No. 1.">4 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West will give Ita
tenth anniversary ball in Native SonY
Hall on the night of February S. It will
be an evening dress affair and the grand
mstreh will be started at S.-J5 o'clock.
Mayor Phclan has most emphatically denounced a
government of the people by the press. In the light
of recent manipulations before the Police Commis
sion his Honor probably wished to irive force to an
opinion that a public office is a private snap.
Townsen'Va will remove early in Febru-
ary to O Market ?t.. Palace Hotel build-
Ing. At 735 Market st. until March 1. *'
Townsend's famous broken candy, rr.cds
of pure sugar. 10c ib. 7?Z Market st. •
THE SESSION AND THE SCHEMERS
rOR the purpose of showing the tone of Repub
lican sentiment concerning the extra session of
the Legislature and the Senatorial aspirations of
Barns, The Call has made an elaborate canvass of
leading Republicans of all parts of California, and
publishes their stateir.ents this morning. There are
some who express approval of the session provided
jJv.rns be not elected to the Senate; there are a few
who iavor the session and the candidacy of Burns; but
the overwhelming majority declares the session to be
nothing more than a scheme to elect Burns, declares
I cms to be untit for the place, and denounces the
u'.ioie conspiracy as an outrage upon the taxpayers,
a farce and a fraud, tending to the injury of the State
<v.j the ruin of Republican prospects in the coming
campaign.
Sonic of the £re::t!emen interviewed regard the
trickery of the Governor and the railroad as an evi
dence of a certain kind of cleverness, but such are not
r."merous. The shrewd common sense of most per
c ive in the call for an extra session made under such
circumstances a political blunder of the worst kind.
One speaker says the Governor is an idiot: another
declares frankly that he has made an ass of himself.
The-e people are aware that popular sentiment against
I) urns is so strong that it will be an act of besotted
folly on the part of any legislator to vote for him —
an act virtually amounting :o political suicide.
It will be noted there are two points on which al
irost all agree. The first is that the election of Burns
v. 11l be a disgrace to California, and the second is that
it uill well nigh ruin the chances of the Republican
p^rty in this State for years to come. Not a few
Eiacch a::d stalwart Republicans declare they would
rather have no Senator at all than to see the grand
old party subordinated to the service of Burns and
the railroad, while others equally loyal to the best tra
ditions and principles of Republicanism declare they
mould prefer a Democrat to Burns, who is neither
Republican r.or Democrat, but simply a rascally tool
of the Southern Pacific Company.
Such arc the views wkich eminent Republicans in
all ;rirti of the State take of the session and of the
sc!;c::iers who have brought it about. Republican
members of the Legislature will do well to give good
heed to viic views of such men, for they represent the
sentiment of the party as a whole, and with that sen
tinieiit all Republican candidates will have to deal i<:
the corning campaign.
It is not worth while to consider whether the
SCbcVae be ihe trick of cunning knaves or the blunder
of biind fools. It suffices that it is something which
has :.'.ade the enemies of the Republican party rejoice,
ar.il roused the indignation of. Republicans them
5*] vet The taxpayers have not failed to note that
the :rick involves a large expenditure of public
ojorry, and. whether Republicans. Democrats or
Popv.lists, they are r.ot pleased that they have to pay
so It rpe a price 1:1 order to enable the Governor to
"do politics" and repay to Burns and the Southern
Pacific Company thr debt he owes them.
That is the clear meaning of the interviews we pub
lish this morning. The issue is in the hands of the
Republican members of the Legislature. They cannot
redeem the lost honor of Gage, but they can save the
Republican party from the dishonor he would put
upon «t. By promptly finishing the business for
which it I'.r.s been called, and by electing an honor
able man to the United States Senate, they can re
lirve the party from the menace that threatens it.
The responsibility is upon them and there is no way
to shirk it.
np HE discovery of one of the buoys be-
I longing to the Andrea expedition has
I been noted by the daily press. Twelve
-*• of these buoys were taJcen with the
expedition, each one consisting of a cork
balloon painted with the Swedish co!or3
(yellow and blue) and covered with a net
work of strong copper wire ending below
in a spike.
In the upper end of the balloon there
was an opening in which was secured a
cylinder, that was closed at the lower end
by mean? of a rubber packing and at the
upper end screwed In the copper plate to
which the netting was secured. On the
plate the inscription, "Andree s Polar Ex
pedition. ISW. Nr. . . ."was l engraved.
The Inscription was dated 1596. the year
for which the expedition was first planned,
and was not altered, although Andree
really started in 1.-tfT. The Iron cylinder
wa.s "designed to carry communications in
writing. From the cylinder, whtch pro
jects beyond the plate, extends a strong
spiral iron wire that terminates In a
Swedish Ba* made of sheet -iron. TTM3
arrangement is very practical, for if tha
buoy i* thrown into the water It will al
ways fall with the copper spike down, and
If It falls on the ground or or. Ice the splice
will bore in so that the flag will always be
upi>#TTr.o3t. The buoy which was founa
Is 12.5 inches long, and has been declared
by several experts who met In Stockholm
oh October 1 to be the so-called north pole
huov, that ts>, the buoy Andree was to
have thrown out after the north pole had
been passed. ' ...
Nansen thinks that the finding of thl3
buoy Is a bad sicn and believes that the
evidence is that It was thrown out as bal
last rather than as a means of commu
nication. He thinks that the buoy was
I thrown out near Franz Josef Land.
THE BIG RAILWAY COMBINES.
AMONG the arguments advanced by the Inter
state Commerce Commission in support of
the recommendation that larger powers be
given to the commission in dealing with railway mat
ters is one drawn from the recent combinations
formed among the railway managers. On that sub
ject the report of the commission says: "It is a
matter of common knowledge that vast schemes of
railway control are now in process of consummation,
and that the competition of rival lines is to be re
strained by these combinations. While this move
ment has not yet found full expression in the actual
consolidation of railroad corporations, enough has
transpired to disclose a unification of financial inter
ests which will dominate the management and har
monize the operations of lines heretofore independent
and competitive. This is to-day the most noticeable
and important feature of the railway situation. If the
plans already foreshadowed are brought to effective
results, and others of similar scope are carried to
execution, there will be a vast centralization of rail
road properties, with all the power involved in such
far-reaching combinations, yet uncontrolled by any
public authority which can be efficiently exerted. The
restraints of competition upon excessive and unjust
rates will in this way be avoided, and whatever evils
may result will be remediless under existing laws."
It is pointed out that coincident with these schemes
of unified control the railways operating through an
extensive territory have recently made very large in
creases in their scale of charges. Numerous article*
have been taken from a class in which they were for
merly placed and put in a higher class. The advances
have been agreed upon by carriers without oppor
tunity for shippers, dealers or consumers to be hearu.
As a result there have been many complaints, and
under the law the complainers have a right to be
heard; but as the commission says: '"So long as
carriers are practically free to make and apply such
rates as they choose, and there is at the same time no
adequate provision for determining whether such
rates are just and reasonable, or for preventing the
exaction of those found unjust and unreasonable, al
though declared by statute to be unlawful, the injus
tice which may result must be without available re
dres?."
The statements of the report are almost matters of
common knowledge. Certainly the public under
stands that railways fix rates at their pleasure and
grant discriminations at pleasure, despite the law.
The report says: "The commission has made earnest
and persistent efforts to secure enforcement of the
penal provisions of the law. but. whatever may be the
reason for failure, the fact is that convictions have
been very few in comparison with the number of
prosecutions instituted."
That is the situation of the time. To defeat the
law and defy the nation the railway managers have or
ganized larger combinations than ever. Now, shall
the nation abandon the fight and surrender to the
corporations, or shall it meet the increased strength
of the corporations by increasing the power of the
commission sufficiently to enable it to enforce the law
and do justice?
COLONEL BRYAN AND THE FATHERS.
IX his pilgrimage in search of an office Colonel
Bryan recently reached Baltimore. The Demo
cratic Legislature had refused to invite him to in
struct it in its duties, and as this snub indicated that
I "My Maryland" was the enemy's country, the colonel
! rushed into it like the unthinking warhorse into battle.
To his Baltimore meeting the members of the regu
iar Democratic State Committee were bid in vain.
The office-holders elected by that party last year upon
a platform that omitted Bryan and his free silver and
its •"divinely appointed ratio," also put their willing
hands to the snub. But, unabashed and unappalled,
the colonel appeared in the Monumental City and
spoke 10 a mixed multitude. He put great stress and
strain upon the income tax, and we refer to that part
of his speech as fairly illustrative of his method. He
said: "In what proportion do people pay internal
revenue taxes? Why, largely in proportion to the
liquor and tobacco they use! And so far as you col
lict taxes from liquor and tobacco you make the poor
man pay more than the rich."
As the colonel is a specialist and expert in matters
affecting those whom he calls "the poor," we take it
that the result of his observations is given in that
sentence. But we submit that instead of being an
argument in politics it is a sermon in morals and
economics, and the conclusion is, if you want to get
rich go light on liquor and tobacco. But the able
colonel continues: "The Republican party looked
around for any old thing to put a revenue stamp on.
My friends, you heard men denounce our income tax
in 1896. I want to say it is stronger to-day than it
was then. And if those who have been shirking their
taxes think that they have settled this question for
ever. I want to tell them that the income tax will be
in the next campaign, and it will be in the campaign
until the Constitution of the United States is so
amended as to specifically authorize an income tax, so
that neither one Judge nor nine Judges can build
a bulwark around the fortunes of the great and throw
the burden^ of government on the poor."
The coruscating oratorical career of the colonel has
furnished but few better specimens of the Bryanic
method. He assaults the Supreme Court for build
ing "a bulwark around the fortunes of the great," and
then admits that the constitution will have to be
amended before that aforesaid bulwark can be torn
down! It appears, then, that the "bulwark" was built
by the constitution and not by the Judge?, and that
the colonel confesses thnt all his rant against the Re
publican i«nrty for not enacting an income tax is an
accusation that it refuses to violate the constitution.
If the constitution has to be amended to permit such
tax, its imposition now would violate the constitu
tion.
Colonel Bryan's noble rage is misdirected. His ap
peal to prejudice is misapplied. The Republicans and
the courts are not to blame for the lack of an income
tax. That selfish old plutocrat and monopolist and
enemy of the poor. George Washington, who pre
sided over the convention that made the constitution,
cunningly planned to build a bulwark around the for
ti'.r.es of the great. In this criminal purpose he was
aided by James Madison. Alexander Hamilton and
the whole push, and abetted by JetTersoii and Mon
roe. It is well that these conspirators stand exposed
at last. Mr. Bryan has smoked them out of their
graves and has smudged their fame in history, and
proposes to amend their infamous handiwork out of
the constitution.
But what are '.ye to think of Colonel Bryan when,
immediately *fter proposing to amend into the con
stitution that protection of the poor which these
fathers of that instrument had left out, he took the
audience to the palpitating bosom of his confidence
and whispered into its shell-like ear his cherished am
bition, to this effect: "I want, it 1 can, to restore a
government founded upon the Declaration of Inde
pendence, and administered according to the doc
trines of Jcfierson; a government that will stand is
it did in Jackson's day, between a bank aristocracy
and the people. But, my friends. I cannot tell you
what fate has decreed. I cannot tell you whether it
is to be our lot to triumph, and in our triumph lay
the foundation again in the old places and raise again
the ancient landmarks which the fathers had set up."
What are we to do with this remarkable colonel,
who in the same speech spits upon the "old places"
and the "ancient landmarks" by declaring that he will
have to amend the foundation and move the land
marks because they build "a bulwark around the for
tunes of the great and impose all the burdens of gov
ernment upon the poor." and then asks for a triumph
that will enable him to lay the foundation in the same
old place and raise again the ancient landmarks fixed
by the same old fathers!
We fear the colonel is threatened with paresis, or
thinks that his hearers are paranoiacs.
Some of the worthy gentlemen who are handling
the Burns campaign might find it to advantage to
have the testimony in the case of United States Sena
tor Clark of Montana issued in pamphlet form. The
faithful might discover a trick or two which they did
not know. It appears that a vote for Senator in
Montana is worth any old thing.
Benefit for Seamen's Institute.
The Seamen's Institute will have a
benefit entertainment at Native Sons'
Hall on Thursday. February 22. The in-
Bi»tut*» was established by the Catholic
Truth Society over two year 3 ago and for
the past year has been under the control
of the Paullst Fathers. The proceeds of
the entertainmer* will be devoted to
Hqu.dating a debt of $400 and to remodel
ing the rooms now occupied by the or
ganization. It is encouraged by Catholic
ladies all over the city and is under the
ppecial patronage of Mm. M. H. de Young,
Mrs. Richard T. Carroll, Mrs. Joseph 8.
Tobln, Mrs. Judge McKinstry, Mrs. Sam
uel Ralney, Miss Hager, Mrs. Welch, Mrs.
lrwin, Mrs. Whlttler and others.
The head of the law department of the Southern
Pactfic Company is inclined to think that his personal
precise is at stake on the issue of the extra session
r.t Sacramento. If that be really the case he can
have the satisfaction of knowing that what he loses
others will gain in nn«mirchcd honor and untainted
William F. Hcrrin has announced that it must be
F.::ras or nobody for United States Senator. Mr.
Hcrrin evidently means that California must be rcp
refented at Washington by nobody or by somebody
worse than nobody.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— J. 11. Maupin
of San Francisco la at the Regent. Wil
liam C. Mayon of San Francisco is at the
St. James. Frank A. Jones of Oakland
and Thomas Malcomson of San Francisco,
who have been attending the convention
of marine engineers here, returned home
to-nicht.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— T. 11. Sorenson
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Marlborough. H. A. Laws and T. B.
Laws of Oakland are at the Manhattan.
A vlsrr^vs growth and ihe rririnii colir tfv«n
to U.e nalr by Parker's Hair FUlaam.
Hlrtdorcorns. th* b»-5t cure for com*. 15 eta.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa F* Rout*.
Ccnnectlr.r train leaves S p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train ar.d best track oj aay Una to
the Kast. Ticket offlce. 62S Market »tr««t.
THE INVASION OF INDIA.
BY way. perhaps, of distracting the attention of
the British from the war in the Transvaal and
relieving them from ;he strain of an over
amount of thought and emotion on that subject there
has been recently published in Russia by a military
writer, V. T. LcbcdyelT, a work entitled, "To Indin:
A Military, Statistical and Strategical Sketch; A
Plan of Future Invasion." The book has certainly
had the effect of drawing some attention at least, for
the London Chronicle has made it the subject of an
elaborate review.
The work must not be confounded ;yith the general
style of treatises on the invasion of India. It is not
designed lor popular reading, but for the study of
Russian officers. It is technical, and not literary. It
is. made up of complex calculations of the ways and
means and cost of transportation of armies and their
supplies, of intricate geographical and strategical de
tail?, and is intended to serve as a basis for a plan of
campaign in ca«e one should be undertaken.
Most works or magazine articles on the problem of
a Russian invasion of India are of little importance.
LebedycfTs treatise, however, appears to be well
worth attention. According to his view the conquest
of India i? now practicable by the Russians, but will
require a series of operations extending over long
periods of time. He divides his plan of advance into
four campaigns, after each of which he thinks Russia
would find herself in an impregnable position, and
could force England to make peace, while retaining
her conquests and holding her hands free to construct
new bases for a further advance. At the conclusion
of the third of the^e campaigns she would find herself
on the Indus with India at her mercy. The fourth
campaign, from the Indus eastward, M. Lebedyeff
thinks, would never need to be fought.
The first step in the forward movement would be
the capture of Herat, and Lebedyeft thinks it would
be better for Russia to risk a war with Great Britain
by seizing the fortress rather than to declare war in
the hope of taking it afterward. After fortifying that
position the next advance would be to Kandahar
1 ?: .r ¦-¦•.:-. ¦ "101141,
The fashionable ladles' corrective tonic Is Pr.
Sießort's Angostura Hitters, the world re-
nowned South American invlgoratcr.
A NATIONAL PARK AT TAHOE.
(-- ENATOR STEWART of Nevada has intro
\ duced a bill to set apart certain lands in Cali
*— fornia and Nevada as a public park and forest
reservation, to be known as Lake Tahoe National
Park. The bill provides that townships numbered
11, 12, 13, 14, 15. 16 of range 14 cast, and the simi
larly numbered townships of ranges 15 east. 16 cast,
17 east and 18 east, Mount Diablo meridian, shall be
withdrawn from occupancy or sale under the laws of
the United States and set apart as reserve forest lands
and dedicated as a public park and pleasure-ground
for the benefit and enjoyment of the people.
It is further provided that the surplus waters due
to the annual rainfall in the Lake Tahoe catchment
basin are to be reserved for irrigation purposes, and
the Secretary of the Interior is instructed to estab
lish such regulations with respect to the outflow of
water from the lake as shall best subserve that pur
pose. The United States Geological Survey is re
quired within one year from the passage of the act to
survey and prepare plans showing such tracts of land
as may be necessary for an impounding dam at the
source of the Truckee River, together with estimates
of the cost of constructing and maintaining it.
The passage of- the bill will secure to the people
another great park and add to the permanent attrac
tions of the mountains by preventing the destruction
of the natural beauties of that wonderful region. It
will also be another step toward the attainment of a
comprehensive system of forest protection and water
preservation, two objects of vast importance to every
portion of the country, but particularly so to the
West. Ample provisions are of course made in the
bill to compensate all persons whose property may
be taken from them for the purpose of establishing
the park. Thus there will be no injustice done to any
one, and the bill apparently merits the support of all
who take an intelligent interest in the preservation of
our natural parks, our waning forests and our sur
plus waters.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wirte-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleerii^S cars via Panta F> Route. Experienced
excursion conductors acccnsar.y these excur-
sions to lock after the welfare of passenger*.
To Chlcazo ar.d Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Lou:s
every Sunday. To St. Pau! every Sunday *=d
Friday. Ticket offlce. £23 Market street.
Past Presidents to Meet.
To-night there will be a meeting of the
Past Presidents of the Native Sons of tha
Golden West fnr the purpose of closing
the charter and going into permanent or-
ganization.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
UNITED STATES TRANSPORTS— T.
H. W., Caspar, Cal. The following are
the transports no™; owned by the United
States Government, together with present
and former names:
Present Name
Grant
Hancock
Warren
Sheridan
Thomas
Lopan
Meade
Sherman
Missouri
Relief
Former Kama
Mohawk
Arizona
Boandia
Massachusetts
Minniwaska
Manitoba
Berlin
Mobile
Missouri
Relief
MARRIAGE— Constant Reader. City.
If a man and woman agree to live to
gether as husband and wife without a
ceremony being performed according to
law, that Is construed to be a contract
marriage, for a contract may be either
verbal or written. Such a "marriage" is
not now recognized by the law in Cali
fornia. If the parties had so lived prior
to the repeal of the contract marriage
clause and each had acknowledged the
other by the title of husband and wife
such is a marriage to all intents and pur
poses.
A marriage with a minor .without the
consent of parents is voidable, yet In the
case cited in the letter of inquiry if the
parents were cognizant of the marriage
and entered no protest, but allowed the
couple to live together, a court might
construe that to be a tacit consent and
the minor so married could not legally de
sert the other and "be free and independ
ent of the marriage relations." But this
is a matter that would depend upon cir
cumstances and would require a judicial
interpretation.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 010 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. 11. Cleary, the Stockton mining ex
pert, is at the Lick. ,
Marion Biggs Jr.. the Oroville capitalist,
is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. E. P. Homer, U. S. A., is among
the arrivals at the Occidental.
E. L. Sanford, a popular hotel man of
Corning, is staying at the Lick.
W. A. Howell, District Attorney of
Bakerstteld, is a guest at the Lick.
W. W. Douglas, Deputy Controller at
Sacramento, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. C. S. F. Lowndes. IT. S. N.. is one
of tho late arrivals at the Occidental.
F. A. Dunlap has come down from his
home in Stockton and is at the Palace.
R. H. Brown, ono of the prominent busi
ness men of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. M. Oliver, a prominent attorney and
politician of Merced, is registered at the
Lick.
State Senator John F. Davis of Jackson
was among the arrivals of last night at
the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Gillen, prominent residents
of Palermo, are registered for a short stay
at the Occidental.
Fred L. Baker, a wealthy iron manufac
turer of Los Angeles, is staying at the
Lick for a few days.
A. P. Maginnis, claim and tax agent of
the Southern Railroad of California, la
a guest at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. V. T. McGlllicuddy are
registered at the Grand from their home
in Deadwood, South Dakota.
George Marcus, a New York manufac
turer, is registered at the Occidental while
on a short business trip to this city.
F. M. Schumacher, the fruit shipper and
cold storage man, is at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday, registering from
Chicago.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Bentley of Youngstown.
Ohio, are at the Palace. They arrived
yesterday and came for the purpose of
helping Mrs. John A. Logan Jr. look after
the body of her soldier husband.
Cal. Glace Fiuits 50c lb. In flre-etche.J
boxes. TownsencVs. TT> Market street. •
Free exhibition of cr\ndy making from i
to 6 p. m. at ToWßMod**, T^> Market st. •
Celebration at St. Mary's Church.
There will bo a special celebration at St.
Mary's (PaulJpt) Church to-morrow morn
ing to commemorate the feast of the con
version of St. Paul th* Apostle. Th<»
•ermon will be delivered by R"v. Father
MacodnaM. pastor of St. Charles Church.
The musical programme which will b«
rendered at the solemn service at II
o'clock will be unusually elaborate.
DANCED UNDER
CROSSED SWORDS
Army and Navy Cotillon
off La Jeuraesse Club.
Each season boasts of one big dance
that establishes the social standing of all
who attend. The season IS9O-1900 will be
remembered by the army and navy co
tillon given last evening by the patron
esses of the La Jeunes.se Club. It was the
dance of the year and stands pre-eminent
in point of fashionable members, lavish
decoration and originality of conception.
La Jeunesse, heretofore, has danced at
Cotillon Hall, but the unusually * large
number of invitations ls>j»uecl for laxt
night's affair found the Polk street hall
too small. Consequently, the patronesses
arranged that the dance be held at Golden
Gate Hall.
The fact that it was an army and navy
cotillon was made evident everywhere.
Flags and trl-colorfd bunting were used
with artistic effects in decorations, and
each of the ladies was gowned in the
national color of her choice.
Lieutenant John T. Haines and Lieuten
ant R. F. Gardner led the cotillon and In
troduced three charming figures— a sword
march, in which the ladies moved beneath
the crossed swords of the men: a flag fig
ure, in which the dancers moved around
an outspread flag, and an absolutely new
figure, called the cannon figure. A little
brass mortar mounted on the stage dis
charged a hail of beribboned brass but
tons at the dancers and the gentlemen
charged the canon's mouth to bring back
to their fair partners the favor projectiles.
After the cotillon a spondid supper was
served, after which dancing was resumed.
Those in the first set were Miss Cockrlll
and Fred Poett, Miss Clara Huntington
and Percy King. Miss Elizabeth Hunting
ton and Dupont Coleman. Miss Georglana
Hopkins and Harry Stetson. Miss Kate
Dillon and John Baird. Miss May Denman
and Thomas Har.some, Miss Katherine
Glass and Arthur Foster, Miss Spreckels
and Roy Pike, Miss Bornlce Drown and
Mr. Stevenson. Miss Margaret Cole and
Lieutenant William Kelly. Miss I^aurn
Crellln and Abraham Lewis, Miss Anna
Voorhlcs and Chester Murphy, Miss Ruth
McXutt and Reddlck Duperu. Miss Isa
belle O'Connor and Lieutenant Guy Scott.
Miss Ardella Mills and Lawrence Scott.
The patronesses of the club are: Mrs.
A H. Voorhie*. Mrs. Timothy Hopkins,
Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mrs. W. A. McKittrlck.
Mrs. J. W. McClung. Mrs. Phebe Hearst,
Mrs. A. W. Foster of San Rafael and Mrs.
H. E. Huntington.
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME.
The novel costume represented Is of blue
cloth, tailor made, trimmed with black
mohair braid. The corsage forms Imita
tion lapels and corselet. The skirt Is
trimmed with a braided band around the
sides, beneath which are flat pleats falling
behind.
extended her railways to that point and. established a
strong base of supplies there. The third campaign
would carry Russia to the Indus, and India would
then be at her mercy.
It is curious that Lebedyeft does not advise the
actual conquest of India. He prefers to leave the
country in the hands of the British after Russia is in
a position to dominate it.
"With the extension of our dominions to the In
dus," he says, "we could prepare new bases for irrup
tion into India; in our hands would be a Damocles
sword, by means of which we could thwart all Eng
lish opposition in Europe, while England would be
compelled to increase her army and live in constant
dread of losing her Indian possessions. In all prob
ability this would lead to a close alliance with Great
Britain, with immense advantage to both powers.
The Eastern question would be settled in Russia's fa
vor, and Russia would have as her neighbors in India
not fanatical Moslems and emasculated Hindus, but
the English — the foremost nation in the world." ¦
Only military experts can rightly estimate ; the
value of the strategy proposed, but the political
cleverness of the final statement can be appreciated by
aIL To drive the British wholly out of India would
be to release that power to oppose Russia elsewhere,
but to leave her there and then compel her to serve
Russian policies in all other parts of Asia is a stroke
of diplomacy worthy of the best masters of the art.
In the meantime, however, it will be remembered that
the man who sold the lion's skin while the lion was
yet alive was killed in hunting him.
where another halt would-be made until Russia had
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
HONOR TO THE
MEMORY OF A
BRAVE SAILOR
Services Over the Gal
lant Carlin.
? — —
FRIENDS SURROUND HIS BIER
SIMPLE TRIBUTE TO A MANLY
CHARACTER.
Officers From Mare Island, Officers at
the Army and His Club Asso
ciates Follow His
Casket.
?
Friends of the late Commander James j
\V. Carlin of the United States navy gath- j
ered around his body yesterday to pay a j
last tribute to his memory before his re
mains should be sent East for interment.
Services were held at the Unitarian j
church and were under the direction of his I
old friends of the Bohemian Club. Yes
terday morning the body, which had re
mained all night on the transport dock,
was escorted to the First Unitarian
Church at Franklin and Geary streets by
a detachment of bluejackets and marines
from the navy yard. The detachment was
headed by the marine band. The casket
was covered with the union jack, but at j
the church a pall of violets was thrown^
over all, hiding every part of the casket.
Following in the train were friends of
the deceased from civil life, officers of the
navy and retired officers, who had known
and loved him, and officers of the army.
Lieutenant E. T. Wilson of the Third Ar
tillery, aid to General Shafter, represented
the general, who could not attend.
Services at the church were brief. There !
was some munic by the choir and a eulogy !
for the dead, delivered by Rev. E. Brad- j
ford Leavitt, pastor of the church. He j
referred to the simple, unassuming char
acter of the man, his kindness ol heart, !
his good fellowship and his great physical i
and mental courage.
"Here was a good man and a true one." ;
he said in concluding his address. "He j
has gone from us. God bless his mem- :
ory." And every one who heard and knew
toe gallant officer re-echoed the words.
The services at the church being con
cluded the procession formed again and
the body was escorted to the ferry, where i
it awaited the afternoon train for the |
East. As the escort disbanded a bugler !
stepped to the head of the casket and !
blew taps.
Commander Carlin was a prominent !
member of the Bohemian Club. After his
return from Samoa, where he had gained \
world-wide fame for his heroism on the '
Vandalia in the great gale, the club gnve ,
him a dinner. Among the guests on that j
occasion was Rudyard Kipling. In rt- '
sponse to the lofty elofjuenee of Ger.cr \l I
Barnes, Stuart M. Taylor. Judge Boait i
and other orators of the club at that p^- i
riod. Carlin made a brief and modest
speech, in which he declared that the !
United States needed more ships. Tne i
modesty and simplicity of Carlin's bearing j
elicited the admiration of Rudyard Kip- :
ling, who was present, and the author's |
estimate of the brave sailor has a place
in English literature.
Commander Carlin was a brave and •
genial man, a true type of the American j
sailor. He was modest, or reticent, to a i
fault. He sought no political or personal j
influence to gain favored assignment to j
duty. He was grievously disappointed, i
however, when the Oregon sailed from ;
this bay for Cuba because he was not or- j
dered to duty on the battleship. The op- !
portunity for active service in a great
squadron, which he had for many years
hoped to obtain, vanished when the cre
gon sailed away.
Raphael Wolll. who was very fond of
Carlin, conducted such funeral arrange
ments as were, by the courtesy of the !
navy, allotted to the Bohemian Club. !
Among members of the club and others j
who paid tender homage to the memory
of the gallant officer were: Harry Cole
man, Vanderlynn Stow. C. A. Maddox. li.
H. Lloyd. Captain Sage. U. S. A.. George
"Wright. Dr. Martin, U. S. A. (retired). S.
D. Brastow, George T. Bmmloy, Hugh M.
Burke. Henry Marshall. H. W. Dimor.'J.
Colonel George W. Grannlss. William
Greer Harrison. C. P. Welch. Thomas J.
Clunie. J. M. Wilson. George H. Wheaton,
Leon Sloss. Sidney M. Smith. CharUs G.
Yale, A. Joullln. Lieutenant Commander
Reginald Nicholson. I". S. N.; Admiral
Trilly. U. S. N. (retired.! ; Charles dough,
Lieutenant J. Burnett, Captain Taylor.
Dr. Arnold, George W. Fletcher. Albert
Gerberding, H. S. Foote. Raphael Wclll,
Lieutenant Commander Drake, U. S. N. ;
Lieutenant Commander Thomas Phetps.
U. S. N. : Lieutenant Cnvanaugh. U. S. N. ;
Lieutenant Commander Bowman. U. S.
N.: Pay Inspector Thompson. U. S. N..
and Lieutenant K. T. Wilson. U. S. A.
ANDREE BUOY
PICKED UP
What the One Recovered in
the Arctic Looked
Like.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900-
8 9
I 1O cents for 1O i
S Monopol Tobacco Works g
SATURDAY JANUARY 27, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. i-. LEAKE, Manager
ri«LICATIO.\ OFF!CK..Mnrket nnd TUlrd. S. K.
IVlriiluiiir Main ItWS.
i:t)lTOni.*t* ftOOMS 217 to 221 Ste«r*>n«on St.
Trlephonf M*iln IST J.
TJ«-Mrerr<l I»t Carrlem. IS Cen(« P«r Week.
S1r»El«" ''opSon. .", Cent*.
T«-rrn" l>r Msill. Inclnrtins Knatiteet
Tl ». lI, Y <Al.li flnclndlnir Nnn«lar>. onr yr»r. .Srt.OO
!»lII,Y CALL Unoludlnc Sunday). « months*.. tt.oo
1> ULY CALL ilnrlndlne Sunday). 3 month".. IJSO
DAILY rtlJi ItT Mnirle Slonlh CT.o
MMIIY CAM* Uar \>ar '• IJH*
w i:i;ki,y call onr i>»r 1 -°°
All {lOKtnmite-rM arc niilhiirliril to receive
aub^rriptloD*.
Sample onpies vitll b«- iumnrdrd whfii re«i tie«te>d
OAKLAND OFFICIS OOS Broadway
C. GF.OItGK KROf.\nSS.
Mtcsser Foreign Advertldnc. Mnrgoette nnlld
lnjr. Chiraeo.
0t
SEW YORK CORItESPOMIEVTi
C <.. CAULI'O\ Herald Square
SEW YORK REPUKSEXTATIVEt
rF.!:nV LlKi:\S JR 20 Tribune llalldlns
CHICAGO SCOWS STAXDSt
fberman Hoanei P. O. Ken« Co.: Great IVorth
eru Hotel i Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK XEWS STANDS I
Unluorf-AMorla Hotel j A. IJrcntuuo. 31 I'nlon
S«uare; Murray Hill Hotel.
U'ASUUCTOX rw. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel j
J. I". E:\GLISU. Correipondeot
l;tT *^Cf"H OFKirE? — 527 Montgomery, corner of ;
Cnv. open unill Oi3O o'clock. :«K» Hnyen. ,
opru nr.tll O:3O o'clock. C3J> McAllister, open ;
un:il •'.::<' o'clock. Gl5 Larkln. open until ;
:'::;<> o'clock. I!>41 Mlanlon. open until !'• |
uV-lock. 22bl Market, corner Sixteenth, open ;
until •» o'clock. iv:»<; Valencia, open until U >
oVloek. IOU Eleventh, open until O o'clock. \
\\\. corner Tnentv-aecund and Kentucky, j
open until :• o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhfum— Vaudeville.
California— *ln I*ara<l!*e.*'
Columbia— "Macbeth."
Tlvcli— -The lioJs K.ve."
Grand Opera-house — "Quecn'f T-aee Handkerchief. '
Alhnrrbra — "At Gay Coney Island."
.V.c-ar-.r— "LcrJ Chumlcy."
ChjTt-f. Zoo a:i3 Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ar:J
ever.'.vg.
Clyi . .. corner Moyn ar.d K'.lls rtreets— Sr-ec'.altles.
>hf>rman-Clay Ha'l— S"P.t Itecltal th!» afternoon.
< ikl.iTid Raw Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Turkish Rur Co.— This day. at 11 a. tn. an! I p. m.,
Ttorktsb Hug*, at IU Stockton street.
6AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND^OPERA-HOUSE.
telephone: main 532.
mattnee to-dat.
last two nights of
Strauss' Delightful Comic Opera,
THE QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEFI
The Prettiest. Wittiest. Jollleat, Funniest and
Most Enjoyable Entertainment in the City.
NEXT MO- DAY-" BOCCACCIO."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GOOD RESERVED SEAT IN ORCHESTRA.
SATURDAY MATINEE. 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE— EMPORIUM.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE-Special.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Feb. 1, at 3:15.
SECOND
Grand Symphony Concert
Under the Direction of
HENRY _HOLMES.
Augmented Ci chestra. 70 Musicians.
Reserved Seats. 25c 50c. 75c. $1.00 and J1.50.
Special rate for the series. Sale begins at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'a THIS (SATURDAY) MORN-
IXG. at » o'clock.
CHI)TES_4ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CHILDREN'S~DAY TO-DAY!
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 8:30 P. X.
LAST FOUR TIMES OF THE GREAT
Sharkey=Jeffries Fight
MAJOR MITE and a Great Vaudeville Show.
TO-NIGHT! \ TO-NIGHT!
After the Regular Performance,
GRAND PRIZE
GAKEWALKING CONTEST !
Phone for Seats PARK 23
The secret of true wisdom Is to know
your ignorance.
Better Than Ever.
We are giving better SHOES for less money than you
h3vc ever sc *n
at Our Semi-Annual
Clearance Sale.
-Wear and fit are the principal ideas aivanceJ and low
prices in all ilnes, especially in Nova Scotia Seals.
Owing to change of style in snaps of to:, we will close
out all of the Childs 1 and Misses' Nova Scotia Seals, but-
ton with square to?, sizes 6 to io}£, n to 2, C anJ D wide.
sizes \2% to 2, E and EE wide at - $1.00
Ladies' Nova Scotia Seal Button and Lace will be closed
out at hal. price.
$3.50 Medium Coin Toe, without cork sole, at $1.75
Wide Coin Toe, hand-sewed, cork sole, at $2.25
The best winter SHOES made— once worn always worn.
Now c osing out to show all new styles next winter.
t^-tr^C* 788-740
IkdSl C* Mapket s <-
cost of repairing the Manila cable, which
Dewey cut Just prior to his great victory
Opposition developed, however, and it
went over.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California:
Original— Thomas A. McLaughlin, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Charles J.
Young, Sebastopol, $6; Thomas Crotty,
San Jose, $6; John Dixon. Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, J6; Hiram B. Hays, San
Francisco, 58. .Increase— Edward L. Wal
lace, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6 to
$10; Henry Collins, Haywards, $8 to $10-
Andrew Jacquillald, Soldiers' Home Los
Angeles, $6 to $S; Andraw J. Richardson
Petaluma, $6 to $S. Original widows etc.—
Leah Kreider, Oak Park, $S. '
Oregon: Restoration and increase, spe
cial January IS-Peter Kenney. Grants
feVto* V nCreaSe " LeVl *' Adam3 '
Roberts a Poor Witness.
Special Dispatch to The Call
JACKSON, Jan. 26.-In the Giles trial
the day was given up largely to the con
clusion of Undertaker Roberts' testimony
and when he left the stand It must have
been difficult for the Jurymen to decide
whether Roberts had embalmed the body
of Mrs. Darling or not. except that thf>
fact had been testified to by others Dr
Gibbons was on the stand all afternoon
as an expert, but nothing of moment was
brought out.
Embezzler Muse Captured.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 26.-James E
Muse, charged with having embezzled $620
from the Title Guarantee and Trust Com
pany of Portland, Or., nearly a year ago
was arrested here to-day. He had been"
In Kansas City several weeks and ob
tained employment as a bookkeeper Mrs
Muse, who was with her husband started
back to Portland to-day, and Muse ex
pressed a willingness to return with the
officers without requisition papers
Robbed by Footpads.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.-John Webber
was held up to-night by two footpads in
the northern part of the city and robbed
of $6 50. They were masked and armed
This is the first robbery of the kind hero
in nearly a year.
Killed by a Fall.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.— Frank' C.
Schuler, a railroad employe, died to-day
as the result' of a fall yesterday while
alighting from an electric car. Schuler
did not wait for the car to stop and when
he Jumped he slipped on the pavement
and fell, breaking his hip. His injury
A MAIL CLERK'S EXPERIENCE
And What Came of It.
The occupation of a railivay mail clerk
is peculiarly arduous and unwholesome.
Long hours of ¦work requiring the closest
Ettention. nearly always standing, con-
fined In a stuffy car. as well as the con-
tinual vibration of rapid motion, make
this occupation an undesirable one from
a health standpoint.
A railway mail clerk on the Michigan
Central running between Detroit and Chi-
cago cays: "In common with many of
my fellow employes, I suffered for some
years from an obstinate attack of piles,
brought on, my physicians told me, by
my occupation, the close confinement in a
car and being obliged to stand on my feet
for hours together: the pain at times was
almost unbearable and I was obliged to
resort to the use of ointments and salves
to give a temporary relief while I got
through with my work. I suffered so long
from piles that I really had little hope of
any such th!ng as a permanent cure, and
although I had very often noticed the ad-
vertisement of the Pyramid Pile Cure, yet
I never thought seriously of trying it un-
til one day after suffering more than
usual I dropped into a drugstore and
bought a 50c package. I tried it that night
and the complete relief from pain and
Itching .was delightful. 1 expected to be
as bad es ever the next day, as this had
been my usual experience with pile reme-
dies, but I was agreeably disappointed. I
used the Pyramid for fcome ten days or
two weeks and for nearly four years have
not had the slightest trouble from piles,
;ind consider my cure as little short of
marvelous."
The Pyramid Pile Cure is the most pop-
ular and successful of any pile cure; it is
the only pile cure that is sold by every
i:rugg:st in the United States and Canada.
Furthermore, the Pyramid Pile Cure has
J.een before the public for nine years and
lias been tested time and again by hun-
dreds of physicians and by thousands of
ji!le sufferers, and its. remarkable . merit
has been demonstrated in every form of
piles, protruding, itching or bleeding.
A little book on cause and cure of piles
mailed free by addressing Pyramid Co.,
Marshall. Mich.
AU druggists sell the Pyramid at 60c.
for full sized package.'
AJDVEB.TISE2TENTS.
Grand Jury at Work.
The Grand Jury took up yesterday con
sideration of ex-Tax Collector Sheehan's
request that Frank Wiseman and H. P.
Goldstein be Indicted for perjury In hav
ing sworn to false and llbelous affidavits
against that former city official. The
affidavits signed by Wiseman and Gold
stein, who were clerks in Sheehan's of
fice, were to the effect that Sheehan had
presented several fraudulent demands
for salary In the name of E. Chapman
who, it Is alleged, was not employed In
the tax office during the time set forth
in the demands. The claim was also
made that the money had been collected
on the demands. ¦ .
Sheehan and ex-Deputy Tax Collector
Pat Hasan appeared before the Grand
Jury and gave testimony.
Parisian Carpenters Strike.
PARIS. Jan. 26,— A great strike of car-
V***afl\w«<lN ' \COPYRIOMT
HE SEES HIS FINISH
and notes the difference between that
laid on by our perfect methods and
what he receives from others who have
not made an art of their work as we
have. Don't bother with second-class
laundries and have your fabrics rotted
by chemicals and your linen frayed,
¦when you will receive perfect satisfac-
tion at the U. S. Laundry.
United States Laundry, orfloa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aSOXOT DESPAIR! DonotSuf
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of »r you« I>eT»lllty are
absolutely cured by PERFECTO
TABLETS. OiTe prompt relief to in-
f omnia. falling memory and tbo waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of «arlr years.
Impart vljror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give bloom to the
checks and lustre to the eyea of /.-fi\ young or old.
One Me box renews Tttnl enerffy.rwllJO boxes at
13. 50 a complete Kruaranterd cure VTjtTor money re-
funded. Can be carried In rest > *S»>' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
prico by TUS rSKniTO CO., ttxtoo Bldg., Ckletfs, 111.
Bold by Owl Druse Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MON.WE ARESTILL AT DA3IEI"
TWO PERFORMANCES TO-DAT.
Grand Matines at 2 P. M. sharp.
The Great Comics Opera Success.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Evening Ferformane* BesSns at S.
Next Monday Evening Commence* THE
THIRD WEEK of 'THE IDOL'S EYE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 80 oenu
TELEPHONE BUSH ».
GUARDING AGAINST PLAGUE.
Board of Health Investigating City's
Filth Centers.
The Board of Health has inaugurated
a careful investigation of all filth cen
ters in this city and intends to see that
the sanitary regulations are carried out
to the letter. This precaution Is taken
to prevent any possibility of a visita
tion of the bubonic plague to this port
from Honolulu or other infected districts.
Dr. Williamson, president of the board,
says he has no apprehension that the
plague will ever reach this city, but he
believes that an "ounce of prevention is
worth a pound of cure."
NAME OF FRUIT
COMBINE CHANGED
Progress Reported at
Directors' Meeting.
Epecial Dlsj>atcii to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 26.— The entire direc
torate of the recently organized Califor
nia Fruit-Growers' Association met here
to-< Say to effect an organlration. It was
necessary to change the name to Califor
nia Cured Fruit-Growers' Association be
cause of the existence of a corporation al
ready bearing the former name. Those
present were: President H. Q. Bond. San
ta Clara: J. H. Henry, San Jose: H. W.
M<*»k. San Lorenzo: A. B. Fletcher.
Campbell: F. N. Woods, West Side; J. B.
de Jarr.ette. Colusa; L. F. Graham, San
Jose; Charles Forman, Los Anpeles; M.
Thco Kearney, Fresno: W. E. Woolsey,
Fulton; Thomas Jacobs, Visalia.
As soon as the name was changed Sec
retary Barstow left for Sacramento to file
articles of incorporation and to return at
once with a certificate of incorporation.
lie is expected back to-morrow. Then
two additional members of the executive
committee and permanent secretary will
be Hected. It was decided to divide the
State for the purpose of makinp a canvass
ir.to wven districts. The district of
Santa Clara Includes the counties of Santa
Clara. San Mateo. Santa Cruz. San Be
r.!to, Monterey and San Luis Obispo.
The districting of the rest of the State
was left to the six directors residing out
fide the county, the division to be In
most convenient manner for canvassing.
PZach director is to have charge of the
canvass of his district and be responsible
for the work therein.
It was the opinion of all the directors
that the success of the organization is
assured from th* encourajrement so far
secured. Director Jacobs of Visalia raid
the growers in h!s district wrre almost
unanimous for organization. His district
will include Tulare, Kings, Kern and Inyo
counties.
H. W. Meek of San Lorenzo said be
tween 60 and 90 per cent of the growers
In his district would join the association.
W. E. Woolsey of Fulton also made an
encouraplr.jr report from his section.
M. Theo Kearney of Fresno reported
that the prune and raisin growers of that
district would meet on February 1 for the
purpose of considering joining the asso
ciation. Many of the prune men were
raisin growers and he wa? certain they
would all Join the orpanizatioe.
penters employed on the exposition build
ings. Involving 5000 men. has been Insti
tuted. The strikers demand an increase
of wages from IS sous to 1 franc per hour.
All the workyards are now guarded by
strong forces of police. The bridges also
are guarded, but there is no danger un
less other workmen Join in a sympathetic
movement, which does not seem proba
ble. Small groups of carpenters discuss
the situation here and there, but there
have been no disturbances. The strike
is not considered serious by the officials,
who believe it will be settled in two or
three days.
AJITJSEHLKNTSw
"FRIEET'TiiJP O3ST REP !E\AJE 3 EISJ'
| Free Tickets I
¦ TO THB Q
I Orpheum! f
H BUT YOUR S
i Lenox and {
I Ivory Soap f
£1 SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND 2
H GET FREE TICKETS TO THB H
¦ ORPHEUM. Q
S The Johnson-Locke I
| Mercantile Co., |
B 204 FRONT STREET, g
U BAN FRANCISCO. |j
m Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory pi
I- Soap Wrapper* ¦}
¦ FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHETJM S
_- UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- H
B DITIONS: B
Blf You Want a 25c Reserved Seat H
Bend 26 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP H
M Or 11 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP m
B Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX 5.
SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP •*
If You Want a Me Reserved Seat H
¦ Bend » Wrappers of LENOX SOAP BS
I Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP m
n Or else s«nd 25 Wrappers of LENOX 2
Si SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP g
BBBBBHHBIBBBBIBBBEIBBBIiaB
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Professor Walter Theo Scheele, a chemist, who
played a conspicuous part in the Carlisle Harris, Buchanan and Fleming mur
der trials, to-night made himself the subject of an experiment which may
have a most important bearing upon the Molineux case. In a small hotel on
the east side, In the presence of three witnesses, he drained to the dregs a
glass which apparently contained the precise mixture of bromo-seltzer and
cyanide of mercury which is believed to have killed Mrs. Adams.
Dr. Scheelo had met the three witnesses with the understanding that in
testing experiments which might bear upon the pending poison trial were to
be conducted upon several guinea pigs and rabbits. He had already admlnis -
tered cyanide of mercury in Its pure form to a healthy guinea pig, and it had
died In about an hour. To prove his theory that cyanide of mercury when
combined with bromo-seltzer would not kill, he mixed a dose of the two ingre
dients combined and placed a teaspoonful In half a glass of water, meantime
producing the second guinea pig, to which this preparation was to be admiu
istered. Suddenly the bromo-seltzer began to effervesce, bubbling up toward
the top of the glass. Dr. Scheele took a step backward and said quietly:
"Gentlemen, here's good luck to you all," and before those present
could prevent the act he drained the last drop from the glass. Professor
Scheele at 11:30 o'clock to-night, two hours after having swallowed the mix
ture, showed no apparent 111 effects from his experiment. .
was not considered as dangerous at all,
but Schuler died to-day. An autopsy will
be held.
Large Mountain Lion.
MONTEREY, Jan. 26.— 8. Sllva, a
rancher of this section, killed a large
mountain lion about twelve miles from
Monterey this week, and yesterday
brought the pelt to Monterey to be stuffed.
The pelt measures six feet three inches
from tip to tail and is one of the finest
specimens ever seen hereabouts.
Will Confer With Shippers.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— Paul Morton,
first vico president of the Santa Fe, ar
rived here this morning and left shortly
after for Coronado. While here he prom
ised the representatives of the fruit ship
pers that he would confer with them re
garding the routing of cars after Wednes
day of next week.
Murderer Captured.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— A Mexican
was arrested here for a trivial offense
and afterward It was discovered that he
Is Manuel Gomez, wanted at "Ventura for
the murder of Rafael Castlnado. Ho was
taken to Ventura by an officer.
Probably Murdered.
CHICO, Jan. 26.— This morning the body
of Ah Joe, a Chinese laundryman of this
city, was found hanging to a tree In Bid
well's orchard, near town. It Is be
lieved the dead man met with foul play
and the body later was hung to the tree
in order to suggest suicide.
General Day Dead.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, Jan. 26.—Gen
eral H. M. Day died hero to-day, aged 74.
He rose to the position of brigadier gen
eral during tho Civil War and was after
ward a conspicuous figure in G. A. R.
circles.
Child Burned to Death.
WALLACE, Idaho, Jan. 26.— Fire at
Gem this morning destroyed the restau
rant adjoining the postofflce. The two
year-old son of A. Magnuson, proprietor
of the restaurant, was burned to death.
Attempted Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— Mrs. Eva
Green, the wife of a bartender, swallowed
a handful of corrosive tablets in an at
tempt to commit suicide, but prompt
measures saved her life.
Will Succeed Judge Jones.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2S.— Governor
Gage to-day appointed William L. Wells
as Superior Judge of Contra Costa
County, vice Joseph L. Jones, deceased.
CLOTHING STORE IS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
A BLAZE ON MARKET STREET
CAUSED A BIG LOSS.
Prompt Action of the Department
Prevents Destruction to Ad
joining Buildings.
Fire broke out shortly after 9 o'clock
last night In the clothing establishment of
J. Cohn & Co. at 775 Market street, and
for a short period the frame buildings ad
joining were in danger of total destruc
tion. Only the prompt arrival of Chief
Sullivan and his men prevented its spread.
Before the flames could be subdued the
stock of cloth in the place was completely
ruined. Water was poured into the burn
ing store in great volumes and within a
short space the stock was thoroughly
saturated with water. The liremen work
ed briskly and had the blaze under sub
jection in less than thirty minutes.
One of the proprietors of the establish
ment stated that the store had been
closed five minutes before the nre was
discovered. Ho was unable to account for
the blaze, but gave as his opinion that it
might have been caused by a defective
electric wire. He also stated that he val
ued the destroyed stock at $6000. It was
Insured for $2000.
The Minneapolis saloon, owned by
J. & D. W. McCarthy, which adjoined the
place of fire, was slightly damaged by
smoke and water.
SEE
GENUINE
WRAPPER
DRANK MIXTURE OF
BROMIDE AND MERCURY
Dr. Scheele's Demonstrations
May Have Important Bearing
on Molineux Case.
MURDERER LYNCHED
BY A COLORADO MOB
Convict Reynolds, the Slayer of
Captain Rooney, Strung Up
at Canyon City.
CANYON CITT. Colo.. Jan. 27.— Thomas
Reynolds, the convict who. with three
<ither«, escaped from the penitentiary af
ter murdering Night Captain William C.
Rooney, was captured to-night near Flor
ence, ten miles east of Canyon City, and
brought to this place in a wagon. Here
he nrma taken from the officers by a mob
and hanged to a telegraph pole.
Night Captain of Police Connor of Flor
ence. aFsisted by Policeman Powell, made
¦.he capture on the bridge of the Flor
ence and Cripple Creek Railroad, near
Florence. When word was sent to this
city of the capture a epecial train with
seven guards and a bloodhound were dis
patched to the scene. In the meantime
Capta'.n Connor had started overland with
Reynolds.
Immediately on receipt of the news at
Car.yon City the fire bells began to ring
and the residents were out en masse.
It was 10:45 when the carriage carrying
the bound form of the murderer crossed
the First street bridge under a guard of
four armed men. As the carriage passed
beneath the electric light at the center of
the bridge, men emerged from the dark
ness at eithe- end, closing in rapidly and
silently. Before the guards comprehended
what was Intended they were overpow
ered and disarmed.
Not a sound broke the stillness. There
*ere several hundred men in the crowd.
but apparently not one had a weapon.
The docmed man was dragged from the
vehicle and had hardly struck the ground
when a noose was slipped around his
neck and he was led to the nearest tele
graph pole. A man climbed the pole and,
throwing the rope over the cross-arm,
ehouted:
"Pull away!"
Immediately the noose tightened ur.der
th« chin of the convict. Defore he was
lifted from his fret an opportunity was
given him to make a statement. He
made no offer to speak. The signal was
given and Reynolds was jerked into
eternity.
He was "game" to the last. He went
Into the air without a murmur. It was
then a shout broke from the mob.
When Reynolds was being bound in
Florence he asked the guard to put a bul
let through him before turning him over
to the citizens of Canyon City. The war
den was helpless. He sent his best men
to Florence, retaining only enough at the
prison to guard it. Expecting Reynolds
to be brought on the special train in
charge of Deputy Warden Sargent, he
had stationed extra guards at the depot
to render aid in case an attempt were
made to take the prisoner. All the guards
he could have mustered, however, would
have been powerless against the mob of
determined men.
It is said that Wagner, another es
caped convict, was with Reynolds when
he was first discovered, but escaped.
Reynolds and Wagner, with Antone
Wood and "Kid" Wallace, made their
escape from the penltentiarv last Monday
night. Elaborate plans had been made for
a general delivery of the prisoners, but It
was frustrated by the action of one of the
guards, who succeeded in giving the
alarm. Night Captain Rooney was
stabbed to death and two other guards
had been overpowered and bound when
the alarm was given and the four convicts
made a hasty escape without liberating
their fellow-prisoners.
On Wednesday night Woods and Wal
lace, who are mere boys, were captured
near Victor. Reynolds is understood to bo
tht? man who stabbed Captain Rooney,
Wagner holding the officer.
PUEBLO. Colo., Jan. 27.— Word has just
boecn received here that Sheriff Beaman.
with tv.-o bloodhounds from this city, has
struck Wagner's trail at Swallows, eleven
miles west, of here, and is coming: this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
GRADUATIONS IN
NORMAL SCHOOLS
Diplomas Awarded at
State Institutions.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 26.— The regular spring
graduation exercises of the State Normal
School were held this morning, before a
large audience composed of ' pupils and
their friends. A fine musical programme
was rendered. Dr. George C. Pardee of
Oakland delivered an .address to the grad
uating class. The diplomas were pre
sented by Principal .McNaughton. The
graduates consist of twenty-nine young
ladies and one young man and are as fol
lows:
J. Dora C. Andreason, Centervllle; Cora
B. Dam, Wheatland; Eliza May. Drury, New
castle; Mary B. Drury. Newcastle; Mary D.
Duff Vacavllle; Lois M. Estabrook, Salinas;
Hugh L. Frazer, Martinez; Cora. Belle Fry, San
Jose; Ara L. Gass, San, Jose; Laura F. Hatha
way. San Jose; Alice J. Helwig, North Bloom
field; Ida P. Jackson, San Francisco; Esther
T. Lawler, San Francisco; Addle M. Lemon,
Salinas;. Gertrude H. Lewis, Los Gatos; Mattle
Livingston, San Francisco; Ida A. Nohrden,
Watsonvtlle; Nella M. Noyes, San Jose; Mar
garet G. O'Connell, Escondldo; Mary A. Par
lier, Selma; Edith R. Plumb. San Jose: Lucy
M. Porter. San Francisco; Ge.vgie H. K. Rat
ton, Ban Jose; M. Helen Ransom, North San
Juan; L. Minnie Rathbone. Pleasanton; Clara
Rodgers. Watsonvllle; Martha A. Stewart, San
Jose; Mary E. Uncapher, Salinas; Maggie IS.
Welnert, Rockland; Edytb. Zumwalt, Tulare
City.
The officers of the class are: President,
Edith R. Plumb; vice president. Louise
Drury; secretary, Ida P. Jackson; treas
urer, Mary E. Uncapher; poet, Gertrude
Lewis; prophets, Dora Andreason, Cora
B. Dam, Alice Helwig.
This evening a reception was tendered
to the graduating class at the St. James
Hotel. There was a large attendance.
Dancing, conversation and refreshments
were the features of the evening.
CHICO, Jan. 26.— The commencement
exercises in honor of the January gradu
ating class of the State Normal School of
this city was held in Normal Hall this
evening. . Professor C. A. Dunlway of
Stanford University delivered an address
to the graduating class. President C. C.
Vanliew also spoke at some length. Dur
ing the exercises several selections were
rendered hy the Normal Glee Club. Those
who received diplomas were:
Florence Anderson, Jessie Elizabeth Barnard,
Frank C. Birch, Edsar A. Moss, Theresa D.
Capurro. Martha S. Cotton, Mabel Clare Dauch
erty: Phoebe A. Denny, Estella F. Frey, Eliz
abeth L. Gallagher, William Clemence Graff,
Edith Gustin, Freedom W. Hoffman, Mabel
Ellen Howard, Ida E. Johnson. Elfreda Jun
kans Jerre George Lynch, Carrie Belmont
Mavlty, William Bruce McClard, James R. D.
Moak, Cora Lee Mover, Anne Belle Rader,
Grace Josephine Rittintrer, Marie Sabel, Aimee
Reglna Saver, Robert Ray . Simmons, Mary
Barbara Starbuck. Mabel R. Stout, Olive Lois
Wilkinson and Helen Ivy Woods.
SHERMAN, CLAY & GO. HALL,
223 SUTTER ST.
THIS AFTERNOON.
FAREWELL SONG RECITAL of th» R«-
nowned Soprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLI.
An entirely new programme: "Vous Qui Ma
Fuyer," '•Helle" (C. Duvernoy). recitative and
scene, first time In San Francisco; "Ah Lo
Bo" ("Magic Flute"). Mozart: "Battl, Battl"
T'Don Giovanni"). Mozart; "Je Romps La
Chatne" ("L'Amaat Jaloux"). Gretry. 1778.
aria; "Songs My Mother Taught Me." A.
Dvorak; "On the Llwc Ho," H. KJerulf: "O
to Remember," H. KJerulf: "Tarantelle." O.
Bizet; "I Attempt From Love's Sickness to
Fly." H. Purcell. Seventeenth Century; "Chas-
son* De Nos Plalslrs," J. P. Rameau. 1731;
"QuaJ Farfalletta Amante." D. Scarlatti. 16S1-
1757; "Chanson de la Promise," L. Claplssoa.
Mr. Robert Clarence Newell, accompanist.
Reserved seats Jl 59 and J:. at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shiae.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with tralna stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cara on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mmmd. AU trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo av*nu«
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and!
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
More mushrooms are raised In the vicin-
ity of Paris than In any other place in the
world.
Emma Nevada — latest pho-
tos taken especially for next
Sunday's Call — superb gowns
— and all about what it costs
a prima donna to dress.
Brittan Must Pay Wife's Debts.
Justice of the Peace Groezlnger yester
day decided that Capitalist N. J. Brit
tan was responsible for debts Incurred
by his late wife before they were di
vorced. Mrs. Brittan contracted a bill
of $101 SO at the City of Paris, which Brlt
tan refused to pay, and suit against the
capitalist and his ex-wife was brought by
W. S. Morrow, assignee for the dry goods
firm. Judge Groezlnger dismissed the suit
as against Mrs. Brittan, but gave judg
ment against Brlttan for the full amount
and the costs of the suit.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
mortE south 770.
TO-NIGHT, LAST PERFORMANCES
MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE EVEi4 POPULAR
CONEY =====
ISLAND.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening, 13c. Jsc. 35c. SOc and 75c Matinee. ISc.
25c. 33c and SOc.
TO-MORROW, "Sunday" Afternoon, a New
and Original Farce Comedy,
HIS eETTER HALF".
FIGHTS WITH ONE HAND.
Game Showing of Harry Forbes After
Injuring His Right Arm.
CHICAGO. Jan. 26.— With his right arm
helpless after the first round Harry
Forbes, by constant left-hand Jabbing,
managed to stand Maurice Rauch off for
six rounds to-night at the Fort Dearborn
Athletic Club, and the referee called It a
draw. In the first round Forbes tried Mc-
Governs style of playing for the stom
ach in the clinches. He had the better of
the fight while using McGovern's tactics,
but In one of the mix-ups his right arm,
which was injured in his fight with Young
Simister in New York two weeks ago. be
came useless and he had to depend on his
left for the rest of the flght.
Rauch tried hard to land a knockout,
tut Korbes was too fast and Jabbed him
Kroggy in the fourth round. Rauch had a
shade the better of Jt in the last two
rounds and landed telling swings to the
head. It was a fast flght from start to
finish. They met at 115 pounds at the
ringside.
In one of the preliminaries Ed Morris of
San Francisco was krrocked out In on©
round by A hern of Chicago. Both are
colored welter-weights.
*
Taken Back for Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 26.-Sheriff
Ivl:is arrived on this evening's train with
Bert Ross, the burglar, who is soon to be
tried in this county for the murder of
Deputy Sheriff Ward of San Diego. On
the trip Ross said that he had seven
brothers, well to do, living in Sacramento,
San Francisco and Seattle, that ho had
four sisters living and his parents were
dead. He also stated to Sheriff Ivins
that he served a four-year term for
burglary at Folsom under the name of
Golden and had been discharged one year
on Ihe day of his arrest at San Diego on
the last burglary charge. The prisoner
was necureiy chained with leg Irons and
handcuffs. At the jail he Is confined in
the steel tanks and closely guarded.
Hobart Eulogies in the House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2C.-The greater
portion of the session of the House to-day
was devoted to eulogies of the life and
public services of the late Vice President
Hobart. The tributes paid to his memory
were not the usual perfunctory eulogies,
but breathed the love and admiration and
respect in which he was universally held.
Those who spoke were Gardner, Stewart,
Parker. Fowler and Daly, of New Jersey;
Payne of New York; Dalzell and Brosius
of Pennsylvania; Richardson of Tennes
see, and Griggs of Georgia. Before the
eulogies began the conference report on
the census bill was adopted and an at
tempt was made to pass a bill to pay the
MAJOR GENERAL ARCHIBALD GRAHAM WAVELL.
This officer was appointed to the command of the Fifteenth Brigade, Sev
enth Division (General Kelly-Kenny's) of the South African field force, made
vacant by the death of Major General Prior just as they were about to em
bark for their destination. His selection is considered a very happy on«, as
he has seen much service in South Africa. Ho was born in* 1543 and entered
the army as ensign of the Forty-third Foot, now the Norfolk Regiment,
when he was twenty years of age. He passed through the Staff College In
18S4 and has since filled many Important regular and special appointments.
From IS6B to IS7O he was adjutant of the fort at King "Williams Town, Capo
Colony. In 1878-79 on special staff service in South Africa, In ISSO-81 he com
manded the Cape volunteer forces. In I£3l he was promoted to the command
of the Second Battalion of the Black Watch and later made commander of
the Forty-second Regimental District, Perth, whence ho was transferred to
the staff at General Kelly-Kenny's headquarters. His latest duty has be«n
aj» assistant adjutant general at the recruiting headquarters, which has given
him a valuable knowledge of the material composing his command.
LABOR COUNCIL ELECTION.
Bills Affecting Organized Workers
Receive Consideration.
The Labor Council at its meeting last
night discussed two bills now before Con
gress which affect the interests of orga
nized labor. One of the bills is intended
to regulate the civil service in the United
States. It provides for medical attend
ance at the expense of the Government for
employes under the civil service injured
or otherwise disabled while in active ser
vice. The bill received the unanimous In
dorsement of the council.
The other bill deals with convict-made
goods and their sale. It was referred to
the law and legislative committee.
.The executive committee, lo which was
referred the cloakmakers' trouble, re
ported that It had waited on Davidson &
Co , Meyer Bros, and M. Slmonoff. who
had locked out their employes because
they belonged to the union. These em
ployers had stated, the committee re
ported, that they intended to conduct
their business to suit themselves, without
regard to unionism. In view of thi3 state
ment it was deemed advisable to take
steps to declare a boycott against the
firms named.
The pavers' delegate reported that Gray
Bros, were employing non-union pavers to
the Injury of the Pavers* Union.
The council elected the following officers
for the ensuing six months: President, Ed
L. Clapp; vice president, A. Oberfeld; re
cording and corresponding secretary, Ed
Rosenberg; financial secretary, C. H.
Parker; treasurer, John Nugent; sergeant
at arms, F. Barnett; executive committee —
F. Barnett, A. Dijeau, W. H. Goff. J.
Goodman, J. F. McAuliffe, Ed Rosenberg,
Thomas Westoby: organizing committee —
F. Barnett, T. J. Carroll,. Ed L. Clapp, "W.
H Goff, J. Goodman; law and legislative
committee— T. 11. Arnold, Thomas Hurd,
J C. Millan, W. Mac Arthur. C. H. Parker:
trustees— H. J. Foertch, W. Mac Arthur,
Charles Schuppert.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JAN. 17.
Parquet. 23c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part.
BEST SHOW IN YEARS.
PAPINTA, the Mirror Dancer.
JAMES 0. BARROWS,
Assisted by JOHN A. LANCASTER & CO,
in "TACTICS." "Best Legitimate Com-
edy Ever on the Orpheum Stage."
EDNA BASSETT MARSHALL & CO. In •"9na-
shlne and Sorrow." a Musical Novelty.
JOSEPH NEWMAN, the Singing Song Writer.
ana a Host of Others. AU Bis Hlta.
TWO BICYCLISTS INJURED.
Habit of "Making Faces" Almost
Causes a Catastrophe.
A penchant for "making faces" almost
cost two unknown bicyclists • their lives
last evening. While one of them was thus
fooling with John Barnes, grlpman of a
Haight street car, he ran Into another
wheelman and both sustained hard falls.
It was all the gripman could do to stop
the car in time to keep from crushing the
prostrate bicyclists.
The car was east bound and had nearly
reached Market street, when one of the
bicyclists passed in front of it. Barnes
rang his bell warningly, whereupon th»
rider turned and executed a grimace. As
he did so he collided with another wheel
man, and riders and machines came down
in a heap.
A lady who was sitting: near the front
of the car screamed In fright and grabbed
the brake In an endeavor to stop the car.
She was too weak to accomplish the task,
but handicapped Barnes to an extent that
he managed to release her hold and stop
the car just as it touched the men. They
both rose and limped away to a neighbor
ing drug store, where it was afterward
learned that one had sustained a badly
bruised arm and the other several cuts
and bruises on the left side. Both men
were angry over the loss of their wheels,
which were smashed so badly as to b«
rendered useless.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
David Belasco and Henry C. do Mills'* Beaa*
ttful Character Play.
LORD CpiLEY !
NEXT . MONDAY NIGHT
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
Pastoral Drama.
PEACEFUL VALLEY.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
FIRST COME TO
MATINEE. LAUGH.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15 P. M.
SEE THE FRAWLEY COMPAXT
In Their Cleverest Production.
"IN PARADISE"
SO FUNNY! MTST
SO GREAT! RUN
SO LAUGHABLE! IT
TWO WEEKS
TO ACCOMMODATE THE CROWDS.
In Preparation — "THB CDCKOOi."
Every night (Including Sun.) Mat!n«« Sat.
COVTIMJING ALL NEXT WEEK.
LOUIS KATHRTM CHARLES B.
JAMES KIDDtR HANFOR9
*nd a Company of 37 People.
MATINEE TO-DAT "HAMLET"
To-night "MACBETH"
Sunday -OTHELLO"
NEXT WEEK. SEATS NOW READY.
Monday and Friday "THE RIVALS"
Tuesday 'OTHELLO"
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY,
and Thursday and Saturday Nights
"THE WINTER'S TALE."
Wednesday Nlsht and Saturday Mattnee,
•THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Sunday "MACBETH**
Monday. February S— THE EOSTON'IAXS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
SEE
GENDINE
WBAPPER
bear signature of /£*~jzg^,
I BROWN'S For the
BRONCHIAL .. .
troches Throat
The Publlo Speaker's Friend.
Joha L Brorrn & Son. Boston.
FOR HEADACHE.
FOR DIZZINESS.
FOR BILIOUSNESS.
FOR TORPID LIVER.
FOR CONSTIPATION.
FOR SALLOW SKIN.
FOR THE COMPLEXION
Terr small mmA as easy
to take as sti<*azw
25 cSt«l^ irel y
CARTERS
SPITTLE
lIVER
I Pius.
7In Montana women who pay taxes
vote on all questions submitted to tax-
payer*.
The Craving for Stimulants.
This question has lately attracted a great
deal of attention from the medical profession.
The use of stimulants seems to be Increasing.
This clearly shows an exhausted condition of
the nerves and blood, which may be remedied
only by strengthening tbe stomach. Hostet
ter's Btomach Bttters will do this for you. It
brings all the energy of a stimulant with no
Injurious effects. It cures dyspepsia, constipa
tion and nervousness.
S, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iSSSSf^* 3 "'' 1 " I1 '' Established
¦\ In I HS4 for the treatment of Private
W Dt.seas*^, Lost Manhood. Debility or
a rtlsfase^earlagoii boOyand mind and
na .Skin Dlseases.Thedoctorcnreswheii
NotbersfalL Try him. Charges low.
a * nrenenaranteed. Callorwrlta.
«*r. j. *¦. oiuuo.v, Sox lO37,San Fraadtca
vissT OR JORDAN'S great h
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
Q* 1551 SUESET ST. Ui. 6'ltTX S.T.UL i
Ef The L«rce«t An.itomie«l Mu«urn in the \
JU^* WottA Uea*ne«»es or »ny cimiracted A
Ib£ S3 cluffise p«>^ltl»r ly mrod i.y the oldist V
'¦;M Specialist < v the Coast. list- 36 years. <J
Q&gv DR. JCSCAM-PR!VATE DISEASES <J
V(£Lbfti Cr.l«.ultation frre ard jtr!<-tljr rriTate \
I Wrt/ Tr« itmrnt personally or by Utter. A g
fl |X tit Poslne Curt In every CMC undertaken. \
r // 111 » Write tor Book, r Mil. O«l«>«'UT«fi
a I MARRIACK, MAILED FREB. '. A V
v (t valuable book for mm) \
OR. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. B. F. f
nil m"i mr ptles and aU Rect «-i
111 1 1111 l diseases cured or no
Mill 1 111 pay. No detention from
1111 l I Inr business. DRS. MANS-
IIS I I I 81(11 FIELD & PORTER-
IIUI I VI I IL. FIELD, BSS Market St..
San Francisco.
? ??????»*»?? ?-?••??»»<•»»?
i! Palace and i
:: Grand Hotels |
' • For nearly a quarter of a century tbs ' '
< ' l^adlns hotels on the Pacific Coait. ' '
< ' With added Improvements and con- < •
veniences they continue to be the bead- • >
a quarters for tourists and travelers vis- • ¦
~ ttlne San Francisco. . .
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
f Mnnaser. i
fa CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
'ennyroval pills
,-VT»"~V Original ami Only CroulnA.
OsUNSAFE. Alw»j*r*li«bi*. I.ii.lle-. sik Uru«l«t
PS\ &*& ter CIIICIIESTEH'S ENGLISH
t^N£7!&frav In ItEU and Geld raetallls boxei. Hated
J3k £T* \>f4 with Mne ribbon. Take no other. Rrfttiio
T?l Ofti **n5 "onucroo* .^nbatitatlona and Imltn-
I / fit tlon». Hut or your Dn((l9t. «r •rod 4<«. ia
IJ» Cff ¦ t »™P« t°' I*«rtleul»r«, Testimonial*
XT* F? ¦»<* Relief Tor Lad Ids" it Inter, b/ re.
—A. A lorn Mull. lO.Atio Txtimonlii'.n. Snldbr
¦-*> ' allDruggl.u. < hi. Ur.tcr < hrmlral < ».,
BJenUon thU i>ar«r. lladlsoa Square. rillLA™ PA.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1b A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The -most wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
Hi Market street. 8. - F.— (Send for Circular).
NEW WEfcJTEKM HOTEL,
KEAIU.Y AND WASHINGTON BTB.— RK-
modeled and reoovaUd. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60a to $1 CO day;
|S to $S week; IS to |30 month. Fr«a baths: hot
and cold water every room: firs (rates ia every
room; elevator runa all night. ,:.-:«
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...fore... .
Nome, St. Michael, Oawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "PORTLAND". .ApriI SO, 19<M>
FROM SEATTLE S. S. "DORA" April 30, 1900
U.OM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "RAINIER" May 10, 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "ST. PAUL," May 25th
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE .- s. S. "BERTHA," eommenein* April Bth
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For nexr folders, maps and further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 310 Sansome street. Ban Francisco, Cal.
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Life Building. Seattle, Wash.
A (or Momiug I' fur Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sniiilar exrsjited. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
4a2sesda*s mi Fridsys c Tborsdajs and a«mdaj*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Sauaalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1339.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *T:Of>. *0:30, 11:00 a. ra. ; »I:4S.
•3-40 3:15. H:<^>. «:20 o. m.
EXTRA Til ITS— Fur Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and ll: .:c i>. m.
BTOTOATB— •»:«>. *li>:00. «ll:20 a. m.; 'lilS,
3.1.". *4:4j. 6:30, 9:^o p. m.
Train« marked (•) nin to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAY:*-s::\ »C:35. 7:43, «9:40 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:1-1, *3:40, •3:1.') p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:19 p. m.
BrXDATS— 6:2O. «<:00. 'lO^, »ll:45 a. m.;
•1:40. *3:lj, 4Mi. # 6:30 p. m.
Trains niarkc«l (•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MII-L VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:43. «:45. 7:55. 9:43 a. m. ;
13:35. 2:3.". 3:4.".. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mmdays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays nt 7 -co and 10:20 r>. m.
HCNDATS- 8:08. 10:03 a. ra. : 12:03. J:U. J:3O.
5:00. 6:45 i>. m.
THROUGH TRAIN 3.
7:O a. m. wtfk day» — Cazailero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturday:" — Tnmalps and w»y stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sunday? — Tomates and way stations.
Santa Fe Route
T£ CniCAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tk arx Leaves San Francisco:
S P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2- IS
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND leaves San Francisco at 5-30
EXPRESS P- m ', wit £ Palace and Tonnst
DAII V £i r - s for Kans a s C'ty, St-Loms,
UAILT ChicajjoandEasU
Local trains* between Stockton, VALITY
I resno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare akin
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
TRISCO SOON Ma fk « s «reet. Phone Main
ia3l; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
Sa^^a I rrs CC t n rc°et 201 J SUeets S -J°^West
Look out for the new half-
tone effects in next Sunday's
Call! Other papers may at-
tempt to copy, but never can
rival the novel and perfect re-
production of this magazine.
16:i0.t Ocean View. Month ban Francisco.. lOjSOf
•7:O«>a Han Joso ami Way Stations (X«w
Almadeii Wedmsdays only) •I:>O»
• OiOO« Hsn Joso. Tres Vinos. Ranta Cruz.
Parilic «;rore. i'asa Itubles. San
.• I.nis i i'.isi ". fturf. Lompo« «u<l
rrliielpal Way Stations I'lZ 9
•I O: in « S»n .!>,»., an 1 Way Stations ••»:&»*
•Iliao* San Jose »ml Way Stations »3:30»
<vii 1.-,,- tj an MatPO. iredTT.AHI. Menlo Park,
ralo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose.
Tres Pteos. Santa Urn* Ba:iaa».
Monterey and I'iu-itia Orovo »1«t3«4
f^tnnp Han Jose snd Way .Stations *.:30?
? IjlSr San Joseand Frinciral Way Stations *fc«B|
45:00p San Jose and rrlnclpal Way Stations .tMMU
*3:3«p Ban Joso and Principal Way Stations # »:33a
•B:.tOr Ban Joss and Way Station* ?*!««>*
11 1 :l.'>r- San Jose mid Way Stations *7»30f
Htajrps connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Uytton Sprinps: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs- at Clov.»rJnle for the Gfysvrs; at Ht.p-
laml for Duncan HprinK?. Highland Springs.
KelFeyvHlc. Carlsbad Springs. Soila Bay, I.ak»>-
port ami Kartlett Springs; at Uklah for \ ichy
tiprinjes. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell l^ake. Witter Springs. Upp^r I^ake. Porno.
Potter Valley John Day's. Riverside, Lierley s>.
Buckncll's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Snring?", Mpndooino <"ity. Fort Brags.
Westport, Ksal. Wlllits. Laytonville. Cum-
mlng?"p. Pell's Springe. Harris. Olsen's. I>yer.
Btttia am. Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rstes.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 600 Market St.. Chronicle b\Ag.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RfIUFORNiA Limited
C9AKT DIVIslo-; (\urron4;a BR e).
(Foot cl Mnrket Street.)
SOUTHERN GOLFERS
PLAY FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
Los Angeles Leads for the First Day
of tbe Tournament.
IvOS ANGELES, Jan. 2G.— The first tour
nament for the woman's championship of
Southern California and the first inter
club team match held under the auspices
of the Southern California Golf Apsocla
tion began to-day on tho links of the Pas
adena Country Club and will be finished
to-morrow.,.
The first contest to-day was between the
Catalina Golf ami the Pasadena Country
clubs. Wood of Catalina lost to Orr of
Pasadena, four down, makine two points
for Pasadena; Silent of Catalina and Pal
ley of Pasadena finished all square;
Nlckol of Catalina lost to Jardine of Pasa
dena, four down, Pasndena scoring two
points; Howard of Catalina lost to Ilos
tetter of Pasadena; three down, Pasadena
thus scoring two more points— six in all.
Los Angeles met Riverside in the morn
ing. Cosby of Los Angeles defeated
Maud of Riverside, seven up, scoring
three points; Sartori of Los Angeles won
from Bruce, three up, scoring two;
Tufts of Los Angeles won five up from
Roberts of Riverside, scoring three; May
of Ix>s Angeles won from McNab of Riv
erside, three up. scoring two, Los Angeles
thus winning the match by ten points.
In the afternoon Pasadena went down
to defeat befort- Los Angeles. Cosby, the
I^os Angeles crack, beat Orr. who "occu
pies a corresponding position in the Pasa
dena club, 2 up. Paley, Pasadena, de
feated Sartori. Los Angeles, 3 up. Tufta,
Los Angeles, won from Jardine, Pasa
dena. 4 up. May, Los Angeles, beat Hos
tetter. Pasadena, 3 up. Los Angeles scored
5 against 1 for Pasadena.
The match between the teams of the
Catalina Club and the Riverside Club was
the closest of the day. Maud, Riverside,
won from Wood, Catalina, 4 up. Silent,
Los Angeles, and Roberts, Riverside,
halved their match. Nlckol, Catalina, de
feated McNah. Riverside. 2 up. Howard.
Catalina, vanquished Bruce, Riverside, 4
up. The score closed— Catalina 3, River
side 2. c
The total score for the day's play is:
I/os Angeles 16, Pasadena 8, Catalina 3,
Riverside 2.
RAIXROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
ZjBSSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon FerTy, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:20. S.flo. 11:00 a. m. : 12:3.>,
3-10 6:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:^0
SUNDAYS - S?00, 9:30. 11 a. m. : 1:30. 1:30,
'¦^An'rafX'eL TO SAN FRANCISCSO
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:10. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:4.-..
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:66
SUNDAYS-sTIO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. 5:05.
Betw^erTsan Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above^ '¦'¦¦"¦
greatest Nerve and BSooo Tonic
Wo. 2. M. I. S- Tb B^2,
I have glrta persooat inspectioti to tbe working- of M. I. S. T. on the hnman system, *a*
mast say that It entirely meets with ray professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Corteja.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long- staodiur- Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or jsnlarped Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients have been for years forced to sm
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN AN Y STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore yonthfnl vig*or ana
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will cure any case «f
STRICTURE withont local treatment. Will cure any case of Var'.cocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Tronble and apparently incnrable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on tbe market for over 20 years, and has en red thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading- physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
FFTfA f*JS3 RI3 absolutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
Pv*r FimT fct- heart. If you are sttfTeriusr froru any chronic disease you are nr^d t.~>
nsSgl fc sß p3 write 10 u», no mattsr how many doctor* or kirda of tnrili. ; nfs voa
tlHl&l*tM have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
M Bbdlu» That you may judg-e of the value of the Great Specific for yonrself.
we will send you one large case by mail FREE.only asking- that
when enred yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to oar medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
MINERAL LANDS
BILL FIGHT IS
TO BE RENEWED
Miners' Association
Makes Plans.
RAILROAD WILL OPPOSE IT
CALIFORNIA DELEGATION IS
FAVORABLE.
The executive committee of the Miners'
Association decided last night to uphold
the California Congressional delegation in
favor of the passage of the mineral lands
bill. The means adopted will be a letter
to be prepared setting forth all the facts
and also a map showing the necessity for
the bill, one striking exhibit on the map
being the Southern Pacific Company's
strip of land, forty miles wide, extending
clear from Marysville to the Oregon State
line. A copy of the letter and also the
map will be sent to every member of
Congress.
Before action was taken President
Ralston reported what he had learned in
Washington. He said he saw all the Cal
ifornia delegation, individually" and col
lectively, in reference to the bill, with
the exception of Senator Perkins. They
all favored the measure and he under
stood that Senator Perkins favored it.
Congressman de Vries has introduced it.
The Southern Pacific Company alone
was opposing the measure, Mr. Ralston
reported. The railroad had defeated it
before and would flght it this session.
He had been told so by Boyd, the South
ern Pacific lobbyist at Washington, and
he had heard it from an official of the
railroad since his return to this city.
The letter containing all the facts will
also be sent to the newspapers In Cali
fornia to publish. Mr. Ralston said that
public opinion was needed. He did not
think that the Southern Pacific Company
was anxious for any more fights than it
now had on hand. It had several and one
was at Sacramento, which might end in
a way that the railroad would not like.
In addition to the mineral lands bill the
subject of the contest between the min
eral land claimants and the agricultural
land "scrip" claimants In the oil belt
was taken up.- Judge Wright was author
ized to prepare a bill and a resolution was
also ordered favoring the mineral land
claimants. The committee on legislation
will also prepare a bill to be submitted
to the extra session of the Legislature
concerning the location law.
In the Divorce Court.
Mrs. Harriet I. Keller was granted a
divorce yesterday from her husband, Her
mann A. Keller, a well-known mining
expert, on the ground of willful deser-
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Pausallto Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and t:43 p. m.
Siindays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:4". p. m.
Steam-heatM closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
%l 40.
MADE lyjE A.WIAN
'«/ IH**<M««— Pailins Men-
S3 SCI or/, 81ooplw«neiis, etc, canned by ow
Sff jA\ wor * "ad Indiscretion*. They quickly
\ j£& a^umurtlv rww. Let Vitality in old
li _*y or young, aad Bt c maa fer s>ady. bosl-
(CSß^Ste.?** 8 or Ple^ara. PraTent InßanUjr an 1
£i?.!S JTI tiZL*"*} Bt i a ipPro'wneßt; and effect a CUSB
A^-rihwS 1 * Jri 1 - JJ 1 "* 1 * n "° n taring th« genuine
£!??™ w Jlha7J Iha7 hn 7? cnrwi thousands and will
fectaenroineach ca«o or refnnd the money. Pric*
AJAX RE^VIEDY CO., ?%%£**?**.
COKE! COKE!
P. a. McDonald,
WlrOlesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka,
gjTXCE. 813 FOL6OM ST.
Board of Works Meets.
The Board of Public Works consid
ered yesterday a petition from the prop
erty owners on Sacramento street, be
tween Sansome and Battery, asking that
an investigation be made of the condi
tion of the paving on the block. The
petition was referred to the bureau of
streets. Similar action was taken with
an application from Scott & Harris to
c-lose Annie street, corner of Mission, for
the purpose of erecting buildings.
Reid Urop. were notified to construct
the building at the northeast corner of
Butter and Macon streets within the
height required by the fire ordinance.
The petition of the Empire Milling Com
pany for permission to construct a spur
track on Division street was denied.
For More Sports See Page Thirteen.
OVERDUE SCHOOL DEMANDS.
Teachers Receive Portion of Their
Salaries for 1898.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting yesterday at which they passed
the salary demands of employes for the
period from January 1 to January 8, so
as to wind up the financial affairs of the
department under the consolidation act
•nd to begin new accounts with the day
tb« charter went into effect.
The sixty-one per cent demands of
teachers and janitors for November, IS9B,
were paid yesterday '>>' Treasurer Brooks,
who had !«cn of the opinion that they
could not be paid. A delegation consint
i:is of Auditor Wells. Attorney Creswell
end Warren Olney for the teachers iuia
<.ieneral John K. Dickinson for the Aud
itor's attorney waited on the Treasurer
and convinced him that the payment was
Ftrictly legal. Upon their promiee to sub
mit a written ojrfr.ion of the facts bear
ing on the ca*e. Mr. Brooks signified hi»
intention of paying the demands.
The School Directors visited yesterday
the Bunnyflde school to inquire into the
request for its removal from its pres
ent location to Circular avenue. The re
sult of their investigations will be em
bodied in a report to be presented at the
r.ext regular meeting.
Dates May Be Changed.
c,.,.r.i,i nifin/itrh to Tlie Call
WOODLAND, Jan. 28.— There Is some
talk of a rearrangement of the dates of
the northern fair circuit, made necessary
if Redding is given a place in the circuit.
THREE WOMEN WEPT.
Harry Johnson's Widow and Two
Others Claimed His Dead Body.
Three women have Huimefl the remains
of Harry Johrson. the ptevedore, who
died on January 14 from the result of ir.-
Juri« h received from a fallir.g bale of bur
lap in the hold of the A!goa. One of them.
Mrs. Johnson of 410 Pacific street, pro
duced a marriage certificate and was
awarded the body.
The two other women consorted with
Johnson after he Kej.arated from his wife
come months apo. One of them call-.-d
herself Frankie Johnson and resided wit*i
the deceased at 421 Hush street up to the
time of his death. The other refrained
from giving her name.
COAST DIVISION (Broa'lUange).
(Third und Townseml St».)
FELL DOWN THE STAIRS.
Thomas H. Kearney, Real Estate
Agent, Meets With Injuries
That May Prove Fatal.
Thomas" 11. Kearney, real estate agent
in the office of Attorney William B.
Sharp, 409 California street, was found
yesterday afternoon on the second land
ing of the building in an unconscious
condition. He had fallen downstairs, but
how far is not known, as no one saw him
fall. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in the ambulance, where It was
found that his skull was fractured In two
F laces, his nose and his right urm broken,
lis chance of recovery Is doubtful.
Kearney Is a married man and lives at
2i«2 Railroad avenue, Alameda. His em
ployer telegraphed to his wife, notifying
her of the accident. It is supposed he was
on his way to the top floor to explain his
absence when he mi:-sed his footing and
foil.
SWIMMERS TO COMPETE.
The swimming and diving contests at
Sutro Baths to-morrow afternoon have
attracted the following entries:
Fifty-yard dash. Juvenile— E. Mlnter, P.
Ralston, G. Child?, O. Owens, R. Cook, H.
Leicken'. G. Schilling, 11. Frpenian, O. Lowen
thal, F. Neal. It. Hiding. One htindred-yard
race, amateurs— C. Carlton, T. Herman, E.
Bell J. O'Brien, G. Wallace. G. Schilling, J.
Sterns, W. Byrne, E. Josephs, H. Smith, C.
I,undln, T. Thomas. W. Harmon. Tub race,
100 yards — H. Freeman, P. Hunberg. W. Olsen,
J O'Hrirn, A. Baudaln. J. Green. O. Ehrmnn,
W. McCormtck. K. Lleboldt, E. Beyer. Trick
and fancy njjringboard diving— L. Boudle, J.
O'Brien, W. Douglass, R. Hiding, E. Cordell.
A. Davis, O. Miener, G. Charles, J. Cathcart,
H. Freeman.
HENLEY
GOLF BALLS
MORE POSITIONS CREATED.
Board of Health Continues to Keward
the Faithful.
The Board of Health held a special
meeting yesterday morning and made the
following appointments after the positions
had be<n created by vote:
Bath and I^aundry Inppector, salary $75
per month, James Daley.
Six Market Inspectors, $75 per month
each — Charles Rusinger, James o'L.eary,
J. L. River, John Brown, John Regan arid
W". J. Jordan.
Stewards of the Insane Detention Ward
— W. Heppermann and Adolph Kahn.
All of thf-sf appointments are to take
effect on February 1, 1900.
Resolutions introduced by Dr. McCar
thy were adopted, providing that the
food, market and sanitary inspectors shall
be under the supervision of Chief Sani
tary Inspector Chalmers, who will report
to Health Officer O'Brien.
The Finance Committee was appointed,
to consist of Drs. Williamson and Baum.
The demands for January were orderea
paid subject to their Indorsement.
EAILBOAD TBAVEIi.
lIOCTIIRR^ PACIFIC CO3IPAJIT.
(PACiriO V.i'.LM.I
Trmlsui Irsi* nnU nre <lv« t«» xrrlicst
NAN rRARCIMO.
(Main Line. Foo: cf ilarket Street.)
THOMAS U. SWEENY'S WILL.
Valuable Estate Distributed Among
Relatives. Lodges and Schools.
The will of the late Thomas Underhill
Sweeny was filed for probate yesterday.
The estate is valued at about $100,000. In
his will the testator bequeaths property
on Ninth avenue in trust to the Califor
nia Title and Insurance and Trust Com
pany, the income from which is to be
used to build additions to and beautify
the panorama on Strawberry Hill In
Oolden Gate Park. He bequeaths $10<j0
each to the Randall Island Orphan
School in New York and the Protestant
Orphan Asylum in this city, the sum to
be Invested and the income used to pur
chase candy and toys on July 4 and
Christmas. California Lodge No. 1. I. O.
O. F.. Is given $1000 and 150 shares of the
capital stock of the I. O. O. F. Hall As
sociation, and Golden Gate Encampment
is given 91 shares of the hall association
t-tock. the Income to be invested and used
tor the benefit of the lodges and their
choirs. The residue of the estate is de
vised to Mary Ann Brundage, a sister,
and other Immediate relatives.
Butter Man Insolvent.
I. I<erner, doing business in Oakland un
der the firm name of the Metropolitan
Butter Company, filed yesterday a pet»
tlon in Insolvency In the United States
District Court. His liabilities are $5617,
and his assets $2752.
PEACE TREATY
MAY HAVE BEEN
A CLEVER RUSE
Police Will Be on the
Alert.
LEGISLATURE MAY INTERFERE
HOSTILITIES MAY BE RESUMED
AFTEB HOLIDAYS.
Affairs were quiet in Chinatown yester
day. The settlement of the tong troubles
has had the effect of bringing a sense of
easiness in the Chinese quarter, ami the
Chinese hope to carry on their New Year
festivities without a hitch. leading ex
prentoa is to the effect that the coiupact
•which has been signed may be broken and
that it was only made to delude the offi
cers into removing any ban which mijjht
Interrupt the u.^ual holiday programme.
Acting Chief of Police Biggy has made
demands upon forty tongs for the names
and addresses of their oflicers and also for
v promise from them that murdering shall
cease In S^n Francisco. The tongs have
maile an exdGUM that their oilicers are
ciianeed every month and that the re
tju«'!-i is j)r<;j><isteruutf. A meeting with the
acting Cnl< t h;is been arranged and will
take place in a. couj.ie of days, and if his
demands are r.ot aereded to Blggy de
clares t.'iai he Rill retain the present force
of g:Tic»ts in Chinatown. The tongs with
which tha acuiitr Chief expects to deal
are: Twelve highbinder organizations,
eighteen tongs <>i sain Yups and ten other
Independent tor.gs. If a compact is not
ma<!e the legislature will be asked to dis
band the tongs.
The following declaration was issued
yesterday by the Chee Kum tong, through
whosa Influence the warring tongs were
brought to a state of peace:
Thiß proclamation is :»sur-d oc account of our
tocioty fcaving advised th* Hop Sing Tong and
.the !Mi«»y T'»nir to have pt-ace restored be
wwn them*-. '.-.•-.
Th^ trosil !»¦ smarted :n Marycvllle. It was
trivial at Brat, but c.) jn Incline serious, re
t-ulling In a t»<*riouF breach between tiie two
ton*;*. *ndln>; in much fighting an<l wrangling;,
ext^ndinif even to i-ari Kranclsc j. so that legi
timate J'UPir.f'E was crvatly Injured and Chi
nese In Kfiie.'a! much fJisgrao-d. It was for
this r*-SRon iLftt our g'jclfty Ftrf-nuoufly px
horted the twa tongh to make p*ac». Of their
own accord Oiejr have hofded our advice and
have effectt"! an amicable (-••ul« > m< > nt and
sealed their aj;re<?ment with their official s*als.
Kroir. the time of their arrival at thin ff.n
clufion thf y premise to cart aslile their former
hatred lor one another sn-1 will be iwaceful
end <*njoy the fruits of j>««cf. Neither of th<"
6oci<*ti«»s will l>e p«-rmitt''d to o back on thle
compact. That every cne will abide by It le
the hearty desire of this society.
CUBE KUM TOXG.
SLAVE GIRL RESCUED.
Sergeant Donovan and Posse
Save Life of Heathen
Maiden.
Sergeant Donovan and a posse of five
cfV.cers reacued a Chinese slave girl from
a room in a building at II Bartlett alley
last evening. The unfortunate girl had
been locked in the place for several days
ar.d her condition was reported to be seri
ous when the .irti^^rs liberated her and
Euinmoned medical ant-iNlan^e.
Sergeant Donovan received Information
that a woman bad bwn placed l>«'h:n<l
lock an<l key by Wong Fook, a ChlnesV
gambling house lteep^r. who recently de
parted for Fnesno. Information was also
Kiv*»n shat tho pirl's liberation wa.s not to
occur until the chinaman's return. Dono
van vifi'cd t!ie )jl!irc and, battering down
tho door, took the woman to a place
«-hn« *he was »rivon attention. She had
been lo~k"<l r;. f..r wvwl day*.
tlon. The case was submitted for decision
to Judge Dougherty last Thursday even
ing. IVcrees of divorce have also been
granted Emile Loupe from Margery Loupe
on the ground of desertion; Bertha See
man from Henry E. Seeman on the
ground of willful neglect, and Helena
lionise Mills from Frank H. Mills on the
ground of desertion.
Ella M. Bateman has sued Isaac C.
Bateman for a divorce, alleging desertion
es cause of action.
TURF CONGRESS DRAWN
INTO CORRIGAN'S FIGHT
Committee on Appeals Renders a Decision
That May Reopen the Local Race-
Track War.
Special rrlEyatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 26.— A decision ren
dered to-day by the committee on ap
peals of the Turf Congress, which met in
the Covington. Ky., office, has an im
portant bearing upon the fight that is go-
Ing on between President Thomas H. Wil
liam of the Oakland track in California
and Ed Corrigan. the controlling spirit of
the Inglefide and Tanforan tracks, near
San Francisco. Judge Joseph Murphy of
the Oakland track, having !n view the
case of Fred Mulholland. asked that the
appeals committee decide whether or not
rule IS was retroactive. At the last meet
ing of the Turf Congress in Chicago in
lSs'.<9. this rule was made to rea.d as fol
lows:
It i* the Judgment of tb« committee on ap
perJs -that under the rcw" of the Turf Con-
X-™? to regulate racing ar.d to determine what
penona and hor*e« shall participate therein
rule l!> applies January 1. I*oo, to all
Arsons ai'c h^ree« ruled off cr expelled for a:i>
cause prior to that date.
Prior to this the rule read the same
way. with the exception that "for fraud"
¦was inserted. The rule was passed at
Chicago at the instance of Ed Corrlgan,
who aimed it at Fred Muiholland. at that
time in the employ of the Oakland track
a? natrol Judge. ' ";_ , , .
Back of this action of Corrtean s Is an
Interesting story. Fred Mulholland. In
1898 reported the races In San rraneisco
for the San Franclbco Call, and m the
course of events he severely criticized
the racing and the methods at Corrigan s
Irglcside track. This angered Corrigan.
who had Mulholland ruled off by the
Ir.gleside authorities, the action being
taken in June. IE». President Williams
of the California Jockey Club promptly
took up Mulholland and appointed him
patrol judge at his track. Muiholland. not
having been ruled off for fraud, was eligi
ble to hold such position without the as
sociation employing him conflicting with
the rules of the Turf Congress.
•"¦"-'
This did not suit Corrigan, who accord
ingly had the new rule IS passed by the
Turf Congress, to be effective from jan
uary l, \'m. Thus, according to the new
rule. Mulholland would not be allowed
on any Turf Congress track or any other
track which was reputable and was recog
nized by the Turf Congress and Jockey
Persons ruled off for- other than fraud
prior to this new rule, however, claimed
it did not affect them, as it was not retro
active. Judge Murphy, to get a decision
upon the rule, asked the appeals commit
tee to interpret It. After deliberating up
on the rule. Messrs. E. F. Clay, George
Long and George Perkins, the appeals
committee, decided that the new rule af
fected all persons ruled off the turf for
any cause whatever, prior to its passage.
The decision of the committee is as fol
lows:
Every person or horse expelled or ruled oft
by any reputable runninsr asroclation or tba
National Trotting Association «=hall stand ruled
off the courts of the member* of the Congress
during the continuance of buch expulsion.
According to this decision, Mulholland
would not even be allowed on any Turf
Congress tracks or independent reputable
courses, and, while Oakland Is an inde
pendent organization and races under its
own rules, it has always followed the rul
ings of the Turf Congress and Jockey
Club. The decision of the appeals com
mittee is a victory for Corrigan, but It is
feared It will precipitate a light between
Oakland and the Turf Congress. Thomas
H. Williams is a bitter enemy of Corrigan
and will not even accept his entries at
Oakland, and it is feared he will disregard
the rulings of the appeals committee and
still employ Mulholland. In case Williams
stands by Mulholland. the Turf Congress
will be forced to take action against the
Oakland track. Thus it will be seen that
Corrigan has drawn the Turf Congress
into his fight against Williams, and, as
the latter is a fighter of no mean caliber,
the outcome will be watched with much
interest. There is a possibility of a bit
ter war being waged, the outcome of
¦tt-rHrh Is nrohlemnticol.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
SCHADDE'S FORMER WIFE
PUT DIRECT QUESTIONS
"Bill Schadde," She Demanded, "Who Is
That Woman You Go Out With
Every Day {
FVBN though their quarrels resulted In divorce. William A. Sohadde,
well known in real estate circles, never suffered such an uncomforta
1 ble grilling from his former wife, Mrs. Anticia M. Schadde, as he got
1 7 yesterday in Judge Hebbard's court. Mrs. Schadde had her divorced
spouse in court on an order to show cause why he should not be punished
for contempt of court for failure to pay her each month a certain amount
of alimony. The hearing was in the embryonic stage, when D. S. O'Brien,
who represented Mrs. Schadde, expressed a desire to withdraw from the con
troversy. His wish was granted and, as he was leaving the court, he met
Mr. Schadde, to whom he bowed a greeting. Mrs. Schadde observed the
meeting of her late counsel and her late husband and immediately theorized
that a conspiracy existed. At this moment Judge Hebbard called for
Schadde to take the stajid. Schadde, as directed, mounted the steps to the
seat, and forthwith Mrs. Schadde seized the opportunity.
"I will plead ray own cause," she said; "I don't need an attorney; I will
cross-examine Mr. Schadde," and she squared herself for the effort.
"Bill Schadde. who is that woman you go out with every day?" she said,
addressing the astonished witness. "Isn't it a fact that you just got $400
and work in a bank?"
"It's none of your business who that woman is," answered Schadde-, when
he found his voice.
"Well, I puess it is. I want to know about that $400 and about that wo
man."
Here Judge Hebfcard interrupted counsel and advised her to get a law
yer. Mrs. Schadde insisted that she was thoroughly competent to handle
her own action, but the court, foreseeing the peril if matters were allowed
to run. postponed the case until next Friday. In the interim Mrs. Schadde
will get a lawyer and endeavor to locate Schadde's funds, part of which
the court promised her she should have in event of successful search.
McCONNELL
NO MATCH
FOR SMITH
Californian Knocked Out in
the Twenty-Second Round
by "Mysterious/
NEW YORK. Jan. 28.— At the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night "Mysterious Billy"
Smith of this city knocked out Frank
McConnell of San Francisco with a right
hook on the jaw in the twenty-second
round of what was to have been a twenty
five round bout. McConnell was the fa
vorite in the betting, odds of 100 to 70
being laid on him before the bout began.
Why he should have been made a favorite
over Smith was a puzzle to many, but
the odds were influenced presumably by
the showing the Californian made when
he met and defeated Jimmy Handler of
Newark on his lirst appearance in this
section. To-night from the first round
the Western man was never in it and
the odds on him quickly receded to even
money and then there was a good deal
of scurrying by the McConnell people to
hedge.
The men met at 14S pounds. The West
ern boxer had nearly two inches the bet
ter of his opponent as to height and cer
tainly looked to be in the better con
dition. Smith forced the pace from the
opening, playing for the stomach, but
McConnell sent his left to the wind and
head neatly. Smith countered with a
right on the face, bleeding Mac's nose,
and at close quarters he pounded th»i
Western man over the kidneys. Smith
staggered McConnell in the fifth with a
right swing on the side of the head.
It was Smith's fight from the seventh
on. McConnell occasionally electrified
the spectators with some clever work
with both hands, but none of his blows,
although they landed on the face, neck
and the wind, seemed to hurt Smith.
Billy was always on the aggressive, while
his opponent used his legs to good ad
vantage in getting out of tight places.
Two or three times Smith forced his man
to the ropes, landing .left and right, and
seemed to have McConnell going, but
somehow or other he failed to follow up
his advantage and allowed McConnell to
ekip away and get "set" again before he
renewed his attack.
Toward the end of the fight Smith's
bulldog rushes were too much for tho
Western man. but at the close of the
twenty-first round the odds were on Mc-
Connell staying the limit.
However, the end came In the twenty
second After some sparring Smith forced
McConnell into this lauer's corner. There
Billy felntexl with his left for the body,
drawing McConnell's attention to the
preservation of his lower parts. This was
just what Smith had been "laying for."
The moment the <_alifornian dropped his
guard from the protection of the jaw
Smith, with a half-swinging hook, landed
his right on the mark and McConnell fell.
His head struck the lloor within a few
inches of his anxious handlers, who
threw a towel into the ring and jumped
in to look after their man. McConnell
lay for several minutes flat on his back,
but the club's physician revived him with
in six minutes so that he was able to
walk out of the ring with the assistance
of his seconds. The time of the last
round was thirty-seven seconds.
SENSATIONAL
FINISH IN
THE RING
Johnson Knocks Out Dean at
the End of the Tenth
Round,
The boxing exhibition of the Columbia
Athletic Club last night was appropriate
ly opened and closed with knockout blows.
The end of the last bout, which was be
tween Charles Johnson and Jack Dean,
came in a sensational manner. For eight
rounds the boxing was slow, and the spec
tators took only a passive interest In the
proceedings.
In the ninth round Johnson started at a
fast pace and stirred up the fighting blood
in Dean. The latter soon had a decided
lead over his opponent, landing repeat
edly with right and left on head. It
looked easy for Dean at the end of the
round. When they came up for the las=t
round Dean seemed the stronger. He had
Johnson in trouble, when the latter landed
a right swing unexpectedly, knocking
Dean down. He stood up and groped Ms
way to his corner, where Johnson finished
him just as the bell sounded the end of
the tenth round and the fight. Dean all
not recover for some -time.
Harry Trost opened proceedings by
knocking out Kid Finnerty In the second
round. The youngsters battered each
other around the ring while the bout was
on. Trost was knocked clean off his feet
in the second round. This stirred him to
action and he punched the "Kid" In every
corner of the ring. Finnerty finally fell
before the onslaught and was counted
out.
B. "Wilts and T. Marich boxed four hur
ricane rounds, when Sergeant of Police
Shea ordered Referee McGlnley to stop
hostilities. Both men bled profusely and
presented a gory spectacle. Wilts was
much taller than his adversary? who made
up for this in cleverness and gameness.
Marich tired badly in the third round and
he lost much of his speed. Both scored
clean knockdowns several times. Both
were weak when the bout was stopped
and declared a draw.
Jack Hall refused to keep his engage
ment to meet Henry Lewis and Charles
Thurston took his place. It was agreed
the bout would be declared a draw If both
boxers were on their feet at the end of
eight rounds. They started at high Rpeed,
but the spectators saw at once there was
no steam in the blows. The second round
was the Fame, but in the third and fourth
rounds they livened up matters and some
rtiff blows were exchanged. The bout
went the limit.
ADVEBTASEMENT3.
T- ave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco.
. . October Ij, i irrr — ;
Week Sun- 1893- ! Sun " V>eek
Days^ j days. Destination, i days. I Days.
7:30 ami S:00 am Novato. JIOMO ami 8:40 am
3-30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:0._, pm,1').20 am
5:10 pm! 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:3.. pm! 6:22 pm
Fulton. I
7-30 am Windsor. 10:2o am
HpaWsburg.
Lytton. I
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm S:00 am C'lovenlale. | 7:3J pm, 6:.- pm
7-30 ami I llopland and; I
i S:Coam| I'kiah. I 7:33 pmi 6:22 pm
7-30 am! I 10 ; 8 am
1 8:00 am Guernevlile. i.i-J pm
3:30 pm| I 6: " P™
7-30 am S:0O am! Sonoma [10:H> am| S:4O am
I and
5:1 0 pm 5:00 pml Gltn KUen. 1 6:05 pm! g^u. pm
7-30 am! 8:00 ami PebastopoL |10:W am'lo:2s am
3-; 303 0 pml 5:00 pml I ':3-' pm! 6:22 pm
uati — From December. 13, IS?9. — akbitS
•TsOOa BenicU. Suisnn, Elxaira. VacavUle,
Uuiasey and Macr-i^nento . *7:43t
•7iOO A Shasta Eipress-DaTia. Willows.
Red Eluff. Pcrtla-d *7:-l3»
•7:30 a Martinez, .•sial::vn:oa.Vul!3Jo, JJ»pa,
«'ali.-it.--s.var.'l!Sa;jta Tosi •O:I3*
•S:2l»» Th»» Overlaml Li "i'cd— O;den. Den-
f er, U^aha, Chicag 1 ! # 3;I3»
•i:8U» Han J«ae. LiTemiore. Ktoekton,
lone. Maem:iiento. PlaccrrLle.
MrtrffTillc. ChlSQi Ue.l liiilir M«ISr
•?*:3Oa •Jliiton. <>akuJ.!eand finncra »l:l."lp
•l»:OOs Haywarcla. Nilt.ianl V/ 37 Stations. * I li-I-Ia
•»:OOa DaT:!; WroUlar.d. Kriihts Lacdlre.
A!»iT3*illc. Oro»ill-. «7:13p
• RtOO« AUanUa I.Tprcss— <Jgdcu and East *O:»3*
•9:OOa Martinrj, Tr;cy. teUirop, btoefcton.
Jlcrcnl and trcsno M 2: iSr
•0sO«»4 Pert Cost*, l-'rcsuo. Xlojafo a:ul I.ua
Ansel<s # B:I.1f
•1O:OO.\ ValUjo. Mattintz ami War Stations *O: 13*
•II:OOa Haywartis, Niles a.-il Way Stations. •¦£¦¦ I 3»
•15i:«;t»M Niksi. I-iTcrraorr, Htocbtnn, Sscra-
saento, Mcmloto, Uanfcrd, VUsJ;a»
Pcrtcrtillo •l«l«»
• IrOOp Sacramento Ui»er Stonmers t*»:»Or
•3:OOp HaywarO.-). Nilcs ami Way Stations. # 3: l.ir
*4:<>*>r Msiriuf ¦. Hsb l:nmon, Vailejo,
Nap.i. «'u!Utotcn. .S:uit.» Itosa •tlil.'J*
•4iOOr n?nlcl». VacaTilJo. .Sacraine^ito.
Wooulaml, X- :.!.ts landing,
JlaryaTiii-. Oto»il!« •••:«*
•4i3Op Mlea, Han Jowamt titcykton »7a13»
•3:«M>r'njo Oirl I.icitr<J— Tracy, Trestso.
BakcrsUeM. tat'i-n3 fcr tianta Var-
bara. I-rs Aoxclc* •I»jl3a
«3:OOp Eucsct Limited— tl Ttso. New Or-
lr ms ami East «1»H34
•3::iOp Stockton. Mercc.l. Fresno »12:13»
•3:8i»r» Kipsiio, IJaLerr.iirl.l, Simtii Rwrhara,
I.os Ar)gc!c3. IVmlng. T.l Paso.
New OilcaLS and Es3t # Ss< 3 4
•3i3«tp Hanta Kn Uniiltt— At 11.11 tio Eipreas
for ril»;»f« »ml Kait *«:-*3r
•O:OOpTTa.Tw.-.rii.i. NilesamiSan Jcaa # 7;l"»*
»O::5Oi- Vallcjo M2il3p
•O:3»r Oriental Mall— OgJen and East «Si3O»
17: OOp Vsllcjo, i". rt Costa ami Way Sta-
tions...' 19:33*
• Bi«3r Oregon and California Kxrresn.Huo-
rnineiitii. Marjaiille. Keililinfr.
rnrtl.imi. {•'!.:¦¦. Siiiiikl ftml I "..Ml *Bil3A
•Sj 1 .1 a Newark, t'en terT ille. Han J ccc. Fel ton,
Uoiilder Crcek..Sai»ta Crus and Way
fetatious a SiS*»
\2i 1 5r Kewark, Centervllle, ban Jose, New
Alniaueu, i'elton. Houlder Crpelc.
Santa Crus aad l"n^ci;.al V.'*y
Stations fl«i.V»4
•4:lspNewark. Haa Joao, Lcs Gains. n»:aa*
ItltlSp Hnptcn* Gzcnrsicn. Eac Jose and
Way StaMo-s |7tX»
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
rrtmsiK /amcisco— rut »t inksi sumi (SUj »)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M. |I:C3 *2:53 S3iC3
•i:C3 J5:03 •6:C3r.«.
from OilUHD— Fool trßraaiwaT.— *C:oo 8:00 ?0:00*.V.
JI2:C3 *I:C3 t2:C3 '3:C3 H:C3 'MifA
I I' ll I MI
•i " i
! ! ! [Jl II-
)r. Meyers & Co.
Men only. Pay when well. No
incurabl; cases t?k*n. Advice (re;.
Free Book at Uffuc or by Mall.
731 MARKET ST., S. F-
Elevator Entrance. "HOURS— DaIIy. 8 to
6. Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays. 9 t-> 11.
il 111 111 I
! j
i
j
LJJ l! i j 1
8Fairmount Improvements.
The Fairmount Improvement Club de
cided last night to petition the Super
visors to remove "Garnier's monument"
from the center of Palmer street. The
"monument" is a manhole, ten feet above
the street, but which should be ten feet
below the street It is a menace to travel
and of no possible use except to illustrate
past methods of the surveyor's office. The
club also opposed the building of the
new City and County Hospital in the
Almshouse tract, believing it should be
built on the elte where the branch jail
stands. The grading of Chenery street is
now prevented because of an old Spring
Valley main that is above the level In
the center of the street and the club will
take steps to have it removed.
John Magee's Funeral.
The funeral of John Magee, who re
cently died at the Occidental Hotel, has
caused considerable gossip on account
of what Is regarded as the Inexplicable
conduct of his wife. Magee attained
prominence by getting Into trouble with
the Guatemalan republic and receiving
fifty lashes as a reward for his temerity,
Great Britain finally taking cognizance
of the affair and forcing the Central
American republic into making amends
to him in the sum of $50,000. It was sup
posed that Magee was many times a mil
lionaire, but he had a good deal of
trouble in obtaining money enough to
meet current expenses, and several dis
patches were required in order to get his
wife, who lives in Paris, to take any no
tice of his illness. She finally sent word
that 52000 would be found to his credit
In a local bank, but at his death sent
word to bury him with as little expense
as possible. It is not known whether Ma
gee'a great resources had become im
paired, or whether he and his wife had
separated.
4. Qtt your next Sunday's Call 4-
T early and notice the new ef-
4. fects in its photographic work! 4.
¦?¦ It cannot be surpassed. This ?
novel handling and intensify- 4^
¦f ing of the photo for newspaper 4-
* work is entirely new on this "?"
4. coast and you will find The "*"
4- Call's half-tone productions +
¦*• on next Sunday will outrival •?¦
the best effort of any paper ?•
in the United States. Others ?
4. will probably attempt an imi- £
-t- tation of this unique and ef- 4.
f ective process, but can never >•
equal The Call's artistic work
4- and splendid printing. Get +
> next Sunday's Call and see for ¦?¦
i yours€lf - I
POSTUM CEREAX.
STRONG BICYCLER.
His Idea of Tea and Coffee.
"As a traveling representative of the
Cycling Gazette and a good wheelman,
I wish to «ay something regarding the
use cf tee an£ soffee.
"Two years ago 1 was almost an in-
valid. To-day I am mgged and strong,
and able to ride a wheel seventy-five
miles a day. Formerly I was addicted
to coffee and tea, but was compelled to
give them up and took to drinking Pos-
tum Food Coffee, for I knew that many
wheel riders used it. The effect on my-
self and family his been very remark-
able.
"The sustaining power of Postum
Food Coffee is wonderful. Many a
time I have gone out early in the morn-
ir-g for a ride, taking only a drink of
Postum before starting and no other
food before noon.
"Much depends on the making. A
Fkillful cook can made good coffee —
i- c. t the better the cook the better the
coffee, but anybody tvho knows enough
to boil water can make good Postum
if they will only use a .large pc » that
will not let it boil over and then boil
it lonpr enoujrh. Fou cannot spoil it by
boilir.j? it too long. It won't be muddy,
but always settJes clear in a moment.
"Xo pecuniary inducement one could
offer would temnt me to leave off Pos-
tum Food Coffee and take up ordinary
tea and coffee again, for I esteem my
health and strength too highly.
"With my hearty wishes for your
continued success, which Postum fully
merit?."— C. A. Jackson, 24 Anderson
etreet, Marblehead, Macs.
Arranging a Grand Ball.
Company O, First Regiment, League of
the Cro«=s Cadets, is arranging its first
grand military ball, to be held on Feb
ruary £1 In Mission Opera Hall, Mission
street. The committee of arrangements
!s as follows: Captain Joseph H. Wes
plear. Lieutenant Thomas J. Curtln, Luke
CKCotaaclL Urn Cogue, Waiter Harriman,
William Guinaw, Fred de Carteret.
NICARAGUA CANAL
BILL IS CHANGED
Appropriation Feature
Altered.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— The House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce to-day reconsidered the Nica
ragua canal bill, which had been reported
with an appropriation of $140,000,000, and
changed the appropriation section bo as
to make $10,000,000 available, with author
ity to contract for the entire excavation
and completion of the canal at a total
copt »ot exceeding $140,000,000.
Before this action was taken Hepburn,
chairman of the committee, said that as
all the members of the committee were
anxious for the success of the bill It was
well to consider some objections which
had been raised. He had heard several
objections on the ground that the whole
$Uo.Ot>J,ovo was appropriated now and
three or four gentlemen had said they
would not support the bill if the entire
turn were appropriated now, but would
support It only if a portion were made
available at once to begin the work.
Corliss of Michigan thereupon offered
the following new section, which was
adopted:
Section «. That the sum of J10.000.000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Trehfury net otherwise appropriated, toward
the project herein contemplated, and the Secre
tary of War is further hereby authorized to
tnter into a contract or contracts for materials
and work that may be deemed necessary for
the proper excavation, construction, defense
end completion of paid canal, to b« paid for as
appropriations may from time to time be here
after made, not to exceed In the aggregate
J140.000.W0.
Mr. Fletcher of Minnesota aeked
"When you get that canal half built for
$140,000,000 what will you do for the other
half?'
Corliss answered that the highest esti
mate of cost thus far made was $133,000.-
WW. Hepburn added that In the amended
form the bill simply applied the contract
pystem and limited the aggregate to $140,
000.000. In the amended form the bill was
ordered reported.
The Pacific cable bill was taken up and
General Swayne of New York spoke in
favor of private construction and opera
tion of the cable lines, as against Gov
ernment ownership.
COLUMBIA COUNCIL.
An Enjoyable Party In Pioneer Hall
by Young Men's Institute
Members.
Columbia Council No. 55, Young Men's
Institute, gave its annual ball in Pioneer
Hall last evening and there was a large
attendance of members and their friends.
The hall was tastefully decorated and In
addition to a well arranged programme of
dances there were given between dances a
tenor solo by John H. Desmond, soprano
solo by Mrs. William Mead, piano recital
by Miss Gladys Dennis and an exhibition
of fancy cakewalking by F. J. Sheehan.
The committees who had charge of the
very enjoyable function were:
Arrangements— C. Augustus Drury (Chair
man). D. Francisco Shea, J. F. Hans Hotter,
J Fred Cribbins, T. F"unston Harney, H. Junior
Miller, William Jay O'Brien, C. Auster Mora
ghan, G. Edmund Devlne.
Floor— George J. Olsen (floor director). Daniel
F Murphy (assistant floor director), Samuel
B. Fugazl. Louis First Ward, George Alameda
Dennis, A. Jedge Fritz, Joseph Campodonlco,
Joslah J. Cnrbett, William Tell Patch, Jayve
Andlw. William Eaola O'Connell, W. Oxford
Kedlan, James Cutting Morse, D. Jubert O'Cal
aßeceptlona Receptlon— Hubert Doneyon (chairman). D.
Jaspar Sheehan. Dr. T. H. Morris. Wllhelm
J Ahcarn, William Carlln. Devlsadero A.
Drady. A. To«emite Schmitt, Captain Jules
Wittman Joseph Foreman Kerby, Joshua B.
Haffen, Jonas Dillon. Franklin X. Kast, Wil
liam P Donovan, Dr. T. E. Daily, Chris A.
Eulllvan, George Allright Stanley, Patrlclo
Greenan, Dr. T. Martin Smith.
TEST OF STRENGTH IN
KENTUCKY LEGISLATURE
Van Meter-Berry Contest "Will Be De
cided in the Lower House
To-Day.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 26.—T0-mor
row a vnie will be tak*m in the House of
Representatives that is expected to fore
shadow with some accuracy the strength
that both sides will be able to muster
v. hen the guOernatorial contest comes up.
The vote wiil be on the conteet brought
by Van tteter (D.) for the seat now held
l>y Berry, both being from Fayette
County. Both the Democrats and Repub
licans* claim to have a majority on the
impending vote.
The city has been quiet all day, there
not having been the slightest sign of
trouble. There are still quite a number of
vimir.s mountaineers in the city, but
they are making no noise.
— — — ?
FOURTEEN YEARS IN
A MEXICAN PRISON
Fate of Mattie D. Rich, the Actress
Convicted of the Murder of Her
Husband.
EL PASO, Tex.. Jan. 26.— Mrs. Mattie
D. ilich, who is alleged to have shot and
killed ncr husband. John K. Kich, at
dudad Juarez, Mexico, last March, es
caped to tne United States the tame day
and was extradited tv Mexico to stand
trsal last November, was to-day found
polity in the- District Court at Ciudad
juaroz ar.<i sentenced to fourteen years'
bsptisonnxent.
John 11. Kich was the son of a promi-
r.ent banker at Fort Dodge, lowa, and the
prisoner was an actress. They met dur
jr.S the World's Fair at Chicago, fell in
'« at Brit sight and were married at
ci.cc.
*
Testimony Against Rodley.
OROVILI..E. Jan. >;.— ln the Rodley case
to-cay Mrs. Minnie James, former court
reporter, read the entire testimony of Dr.
liudley, pU'en when th^ will was probated.
tounty Clerk Batcheliler was called to the
El&nd and nSd that in February, I>&\ Dr.
Itodley came to see him at Biggs and ask-
Ed for a private interview. He asked
Uatchelder if he could Identify the signa-
ture of Alfred Fuller. He said to him in
the conversation that there was $SOjO in it
Jor him if he could certify to the signa
ture of Fuller. The witness told him that
;,ir. Fuller had never osKed him to £ign
any document as a witness. He said in
explanation that he inferred that the doc-
tor wished him to rign a will. A few
idays later he received a letter fram Dr.
liodley asking him to come to Chico. lie
vent there and the doctor showed him a
will signed by Alfred V-jner. He a?ked
him if that was the signature of Fuller
und If he could sign as a witness. Wit-
jjess replied that he could not sign any-
thing unless Mr. Fuller had requested him
to do so. He Faid Dr. Rodley took the
•uill from the safe and returned it to the
tame place.
SIXTY SAMPLES
FOUND UNFIT TO
BE USED AS TEA
Experts Report to the
Appraiser.
»
NEW YORK'S GAME EXPOSED
«
MR. DARE SPEAKS HIS MHO)
FREELY.
United States Tea Examiner Cornelius
Toohey and Tea Expert Charles B. Platt
have concluded their examination of the
300 samples of tea forwarded from New
York by the tea expert at that port.
They found that sixty of the samples rep
resented tea of a quality much below the
Government standard and to preclude its
admittance at this port. It should have
been rejected at Xew York.
They will so report to the Secretary of
¦the Treasury and will furnish him with
evidence of the existence of a plat on the
Atlantic seaboard to divert all the tea
importations from San Francisco to New
l'ork and make the Eastern seaport the
sole port of entry for the valuable com
modity.
The news caused much commotion yes
terday in local commercial circles. It haa
been suspected all along that such a plot
was in course of development, but the
absolute proof was not obtained until yes
terday.
No blame is attached to the Secretary
of the Treasury for making the order re
quiring that samples of all teas admitted
or rejected at United States ports should
be stnt for revision to the tea expert
at New York, the object of the Treasury
Department being to have the Govern
mental standard interpreted in a uniform
manner. There is no doubt that the reve
lations made will induce the Secretary ta
adopt some other plan of accomplishing
this object and. place the work of re
vision in the hands of disinterested per
sons.
Messrs. Toohey and Platt, the tea ex
aminer and expert, respectively, declined
to make public the result of their investi
gations, but United States Appraiser John
T. Dare consented to make a full state
ment. In order that the business of this
port might be protected against the un
derhanded encroachments of rival ports.
"In August and September, 1599," Mr.
Dare said, "the tea importers of New
York asserted their belief that tea was
being admitted at San Francisco that
would, if examined at New York, be re
jected. They reiterated that statement
and finally induced the Board of Tea Ex
perts at New York to appeal to the Sec
retary of the Treasury. In that appeal
they alleged absolutely that unfair teas
were being admitted at San Francisco.
In October Assistant Secretary Spauld
ing. wholly intent upon securing a uni
form application of the tea act, requested
me to forward to New York triplicate
samples of all teas, both approved and
rejected. This office promptly replied that
we were in full sympathy with the hon
orable Secretary in his efforts to secure
uniformity in the application of the regu
lations, and we at once forwarded from
San Francisco to New York the triplicate
samples requested, suggesting at that
time that, in furtherance of the design
of the Secretary to secuno such uniform
ity, New York should send to us samples
of tea which had been passed upon by
the New York expert.
"Our request was not at once granted,
and we continued to forward our samples
to New York and, so far as we had been
officially informed, there had been no ma
terial changes. Assistant Secretary
Spaulding then yielded to the request that
New York send Borne of her samples to
San Francisco.
"We have received from time to time
about 300 samples. Sixty of those have
been found unfit and Bhould have been
rejected at the port of New York. There
is no bias in this matter whatever, for
Mr. Platt and Mr. Lovell and Mr. Bain
have approved of the findings of Mr.
Toohey." t
j~^ HARLES MALTBT, a former
/(^ business associate of Abraham
\k« Lincoln and a former promi- /*»^ «T% '
nent Government official, ex- y' ' * »^
pired yesterday at his home, 1622 Ellis /'''',' ~~ .„ . ' »» \
street, this city. Death was the re- * ;*; ** < *? 's. : \
suit of old ape, Mr. Maltby being in . -: #^ : ''¦;:¦: :.j ¦¦¦>¦¦, '\.:\.,:-%
his eighty-eighth year when he '^, <"*'s* *' ~-'\ \
breathed his last. (£?%, S *¦% < ;V' : - *
On January lof the present year Mr. ' « Hk ¦ % V '
Malthy compiled a catalogue of the | «^^" -W *
positions of trust hp held during his , ; , " \\ ' -,H
lif>tlmp. In thf samp document he re- „*_ V. . , .s ' ¦¦
latcd the events that had trans- , '* ' v
pired since his birth. These he wrote *"' * '^ . .
in an unsteady hand on two sheets of v ; <
paper and bequeathed to his son and V A £¦%££'"¦ "''¦¦ . '<¦'¦ j
the latter's wife. * :, ¦ : '
Mr. Malthy was horn in Vermont \ *^l^^M^» >* '•»
and In his youth locator! in Waynes- wilijiill sSSB**»>>/ i '
ville, 111., where he conducted a store tl*^
with Abraham Lincoln fur throe years. %|| P s§l!i; ¦ ¦ ' 'ri^tX '
!'•» later served the Government in iH!c&"&>*^
many capacities, among which were ' M>v&as
the Internal Revenue Collector and ii .^Mp*^^ ,
Superintendent of Indian Affairs for
the Fifth District of California: In- ,
dian agent Tule River reservation; CHARLES MALTBY.
Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue (
for the counties of San Luis Obispo,
Ventura and Santa Barbara; United States storekeeper for Los Anodes, .
Stockton and Antloch; watchman United States mints, and many other po
sitions as Postmaster and clerkship?. Maltby was also a second lieutenant ,
In the Mexican war and was a Justice of the Peace in several counties in as
many States. In 1545 he was clerk to the secretary of State of Illinois. i
He leaves one son— C. F. Maltby— now in the employ of the Southern Pa
cific Company. His remains will be taken to Los Angeles on Sunday, where I
they will rest beside those of his wife, who died at Stockton in ISS4. Funeral
services will be held in this city. (
A NEW PASTOR
TO PREACH ON
THE SABBATH
REV. F. W. CLAMPETT.
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, the new
rector of Trinity Episcopal Church, will
preach his initial sermon to-morrow
morning. The reverend gentleman's fame
as an orator has preceded him and a
large congregation will listen to his open
ing sermon.
The members of the vestry of Trinity
Church have received a number of un
solicited letters from fellow ministers and
members of Dr. Clampett's former con
gregations in which they extol his vir
tues and ability. One gentleman, writing
from Springlield, 111., gives the following
as an instance of the doctor's capacity for
work and ability to add members to his
church:
Af> his warden It was my privilege to be In
timately associated with him throughout his
work hire as the first rector of Christ Church.
It was a great work that he did for us. When
he came to us from St. Bartholomew, New
York, he found us a "feeble folk." without or
ganization, with no church building and with
hardly enough vitality to assert our right to
existence. We began our services in rented
quarters, under most discouraging circum
stances. Our effort to found a new parish was
wholly an experiment. It was doubtful if we
would be able to pay him even the Flender
Etlpend of $75 per month, but he did not hesi
tate. He began to preach to not over ten or
a dozen people. In two weeks he had a house
full. In a month we had to teek larger quar
ters. In six months we had the largest con
gregation in the city and in a year we had
a pretty stone church, seating 400 people, cost
ing $3i'i,ooo, built, raid In full, and dedicated,
with a $3500 organ and many lovely memorials.
The congregation was second to none In the
diocese. When he left us, to our great regret,
after three years' most successful ministry,
to accept duty in a laiger field at Columbus,
Ohio, we were established and have ever flnce
had an acknowledged position of usefulness and
power In the work of the Master and In the
affairs of the diocese.
Judges of the Superior Court met in.
bank yesterday, each submitting the
names of twelve citizens, making a list
of one hundred and forty-four, from
which the new grand juries of the ensuing
year will be drawn. The lists submitted
by the Judges follow:
JUDGE SEAWELL—A. C. Freese, 812 Fell
Etreet: John P. Dunn, 1735 Oak; William H.
Hlnton, 647 Folsom; H. H. Young, 1303 Gough;
S. 11. Daniels, 1321 Leavenworth; E. J. La
Breton, 1414 Sutter; E. S. Denlcke, 1000 Mason;
Lewis R. Mead, Hotel Bella Vista; John M.
Klein, 423 Montgomery; I. Gutte, 217 Leaven
worth; Peter J. Dunne, 1455 Leavenworth;
Timothy P. Rlordan, 1415 Post.
JUDGE DAINGERFIELD— Edward Leven
thal. 306 Turk street; John A. Lynch, 1608 Hyde;
William J. Nixon, 712 Douglass; Francis L.
Sheerln, 220S Geary: Thomas W. Kennedy,
1602 Hyde; William J. Gallagher, 704 Buchanan;
W. H. Brayton, 712 Sutter; Frederick Robert
Butz, 626 Bush; Henry T. Gibbs, 33 Fremont;
G. Howard Thompson. 852 Bush; William G.
Baicer, 415 Sacramento; S. C. Moses, Em
porium.
JUDGE J3AHRS— A. W. Wilson. 114-120 Post
street; A. L. Luz, 1214 Vallejo; Lovell Howe,
319 Golden Gate avenue; M. Rothenberg, 721
Shot well; William T. Kibbler. 437 Larkin;
Clirlbtopher Dunker, 332 Fremont; M. E. Stan
ford. i'4ls California; Thomas Morton, 674
Geary; William H. Nolan, 9 Stevenson; Charles
Stallman, IW2 Devlsadero; John Lee Jr., 614
Stelner; William H. L«ahy. 847 San Carlos ave
nue.
JUDGE HEBBARD— Harry W. Ramsdell, 105
Montgomery street; John Elliott, Olympic
Club; William D. Shea, 26 Montgomery; Al
phor.se Hlrsch. 2214 Union; E. A. Schmitt. 204
Sansome; William l^arkins, 634 Howard; Dr.
Guido E. Caglieri, H-68 Filbert; J. W. Mur
phy, 40S Bush; J. C. Lemmer, 125 Fremont;
Peter H. Scully, 1128 Green; Charles D. Zeile.
£2$ Pacific; Juhn H. BrickweUel. Larkln and
North Point.
JUDGE HUNT— Patrick T. Butler, 818 Eddy
street; Henry F. Fortmann. 1007 Oough; Emil
Bauer, IS3S Geary; Frank Koenig. 664 Geary;
William E. Lutz. 102:. Baker; Edward Mc-
Grath. 24 Pearl; Samuel Irving. 92S Sutter;
Jerome A. Hart, 246 Sutter; James H. Barry.
507 Broderick; Frank I). Bates, 2532 Clay; Hy
man Wolf. 1447 Buchanan; Thomas Denlgan,
JUDGE DUNNE— Frank A. Cavagnaro. 610
Montgomery street; William Hoag, 302 Mont
gomery; Isaac N, Walter, i.29-531 Market; Wil
liam Frank, 303 California; Henry F. Wynne,
Twenty-second and Folsom: Harvey C. Somers,
534 Sixth; John Porcher. 1109 Market; C. W.
Purrlngton. 125 Clay; E. C. Palmier!, 151S Pow
ell; Thomas N. Holm, 512 Market; William
Rlnjr. northeast corner of Castro and Nine
teenth; James McOormlck, 821 Sacramento.
JUDGE BELCHER— D. R. McNelll, 11S3
Market street; Ignatz Stelnhart. 2<X) Sansome,
Edward P. Danforth. southwest corner of Bat
tery and Broadway; Charles G. Cllnth, 7«3
Front; Samuel Suspman, 405 Market; A. S.
Mangrum, 27 Xew Montgomery; Joseph P. Le
Count, f.33 Market; I. W, Hellman Jr., Union
Trust Company; Leon Slofb, 310 Sansome; Jo
seph Simonaon, 330 Post; Frank P. Sherman, 6
and 8 gutter; Frank H. Vail, 741 Maxket.
JUDGE XfURASKY— Isadore ZeluTbach. 418
Sansome street; G. D. Phillips. 1514 Vallejo:
Frank H. Kllduff. 2915 Lflguna; J. C. Wilson. 904
Devisadero; T. J. Drury, 652 Oak; Robert Vail.
ISOO Green; D. E. Miles. 2104 Van Xpss avenue;
John Farren, COO Harrison; Max Brooks, 1334
Page; T. I. O'Brien. 1514 McAllister; Thomas
R. Bannerman. 3432 Twentieth; Carl Henry, 210
Sansome.
JUDGE COFFET— James S. Webster, 1812
Pacific avenue- Julius Platshek, 739 Post street;
A. Sbarboro, 3401 Washington; Henry Knust.
southwest corner of Fourth and Folsom; Jo
Gordon. 2541 Mission; Michael J. Vaughan, 3942
Twenty-third; Abraham I. Korn. 1327 Laguna;
James Humphrey. BI6H Geary: Michael Kane.
tO5 Howard; Charles A. Laton, 439 California;
James Butler. 8364 Twenty-sixth; P. O. Aherne,
3470 Twentieth.
JUDGE TROUTT— William H. Crocker. 600
Market street; E. P. Farnsworth. 401 Califor
nia; Charles M. Plum, 1300 Market; James B.
Stetson, 1801 Van Ness avenue; Bralnerd N.
Itowley. 203 California; Robert W. Cranston,
southea?t corner of Page and Cole; O. H. Umb
sen, 14 Montgomery; George D. Clark, 17 Spear;
Robert W. Neal. 320 California; Courtland S.
Benedict, eouthwest corner of Montgomery and
Butter; Raphael Welll. northwest corner of Post
and Kearny; Eugene S. Fritz, southwest corner
of Masonic avenue and Frederick.
JUDGE IjAWLEß— Herman L. E. Meyer, 210
Battery street: Michael T. Bohannon, 4054
Ninth; Albert M. Rosenbaum. 204 Front; Clar
ence E. Blckford, 38 California; Lawrence F.
Walsh. 42 Sixth; Joseph Pescla, 620 Montgom
ery; William B. Isaacs, 228 Market; Harry M.
Kelly, 813 California; Cllve A. Brown. 212 Sac
ramento; John McEnhlll. 2963 Twenty-second;
Frederick Tillmann Jr.. 313-327 Battery; Joseph
C. B&la. 429 Montgomery.
JUDGE COOK— Wakeneld Baker, corner of
Pine and Davis streets; Charles Bliss, Call
building; J. O. Conrad. 204 Eansotne; H. J.
Crocker, corner of Washington and Laguna; H.
W. Ooodall, aoutheant corner of Pierce and
McAllister; F». Green. 15 Powell; Martin Jones.
406 Montgomery: J. F. Merrill, corner of Market
and Beale; W. R. Sherwood. 1123 California; H.
W. Westphal. 212 Clay; James Palache, 203 Cal
ifornia.; A. G. Freeman, ISB Market.
GRAND JURORS FOR
THE ENSUING YEAR
Names of One Hundred and Forty-
Four Citizens Complete the
Panel of Veniremen.
OPPOSES POLICY
OF THE BAYONET
IN PHILIPPINES
Not the Way to Make
Christians.
»
VIEWS OF AN ARMY CHAPLAIN
FEATURES OF CHURCH WOMEN'S
ANNUAL REUNION.
A reunion of Episcopal churchwomen in
commemoration of the twentieth anniver
rsry of the California Branch of the
Woman** Auxiliary took place yesterday
cfurr.txm in the parlors of Trinity
Church. Bush and Cough streets, the at
tendance being 60 large that many were
Obliged to stand.
The ladies, ministers and laymen at
tending tne reunion were welcomed by the
j'Tvsinent, Mrs. James Newlands, who
Ftated that the auxiliary had been orga
nized in ISO 9 by representative women of
eight parishes. There had originally been
cne hundred and sixty charier members,
of whom only sixty nre living.
Bishop Nichols delivered an amusing
end instructive address on the theme
"Our Future." which he declared that it
was the work of noble women that had
contributed largely toward keeping a
rrogreFsive spirit alive in the church. He
called upon th«» ladles to crystallize their
energies toward m.iking the great con
vention planned in ISOI me most success
ful in the history of the church.
Mrs. A. M. Lawyer road a letter fmra
Chaplain Walter Marvin, now at Manila,
in which he expressed the belief that the
Philippines are the gateway through
¦which entrance must be made for the
Christianizing of the Orient. He thought,
however, that this would never be accom
plished by rifles and cannon, but by
limtherly love, by building schools and
establishing hospitals and other agencies
of civilization. Rev. C. S. Linsley fol
lowed with a resume of the work of the
auxiliary.
At IOtZO a. m. communion was cele
brated by the Bishop and a sermon
preached by Rev. L. C. Sanford of Salinas.
lie took the parable of the water and the
vine as the basis of his discourse and
from it <Jrew as an illustration of
woman's faith.
In the vestry the la<*ies had a number of
Interesting relics *of Trinity Church on
exhibition, one of which was the first
chair made in California for the use of
a bishop. It was contributed by Mrs. Wil
liam Alvord.
The reunion ended with the serving of
light refreshments and informal discus-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE CARE AND EDUCATION OF CHILDREN.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
HOME SCIENCE AND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell. Mrs. Margaret E. Sar.g-ster. Mrs.
Kate Gannett Wells, Mrs. Louise E. Hogan. Miss Anna Barrows, Mrs. Mary Roberta
Smith, Miss Emily G. Balch. Miss Lucy Wheelock and others.
XVI. THE CARE AND EDUCA
TION OF CHILDREN.
BY LUCY WHEELOCK.
The Care of Infancy.
We have been slow to learn the lesson
of the Great Teacher, who set a child in
the midst of his disciples as an object ol
reverence and study. Man has taken all
knowledge as his province and left as that
last to be conquered a knowledge of the
human being destined to make the world
that Is to be.
Classical learning has absorbed the at
tention of scholars to the exclusion of the
study wMch really concerns the welfare
of the human race. Spencer lamented in
his time the inadequacy of the school ctii
rlculum, which made elaborate prepara
tion for everything but the highest of rill
functions— that of parenthood. He pictures
the amazement of some antiquary of the
future who should unearth text books and
school papers, and finding no reference to
training for such duties should conclude
them to be relics of a race of celibated.
" 'Tis true 'tis pity," and alas! it is still
true. An examination of the curricula of
most of our colleges and seminaries wculrl
reveal the same inadequacy to meet the
real needs of life. The higher education
of women does not ordinarily include any
reference to the possibility of mother
hood. But there are signs of promise. A
few courses of study are offered here and
there based on an enlightened conception
of the high calling of woman, as "the firit
priestess of the human race." Mothers'
clubs and classes for mothers in our kin
dergarten training schools are springing
up all over the land in evidence of an
awakening public sentiment as regards
the responsibility of the care of child
hood.
The overwhelming attendance and the
great enthusiasm shown at the first moth
ers' congress, held three years ago in
Washington, was a surprise, even to its
promoters. It was convincing testimony
of a growing sense of need on the part
of many women. Another promising sign
of the times is the wealth of child study
literature. In the second edition of Tra
cy's "Psychology of Childhood," published
in 1594, he refers to no less than lus pub
lished sources of information. The list
would now be largely Increased. Since
Preyer's notable record of his observa
tions of an individual child there have
been many studies of this sort, the larger
portion of which concern themselves with
the period of infancy. The interest in
child study, largely promoted by Dr. Hall
and his associates, has acted like leaven
throughout the country. T^ie "div:n»
Plato" has never been alone in recognizing
the importance of beginnings,
when a thing is young and tender." lint
practice must always lurk far behind th<_
cry. and there is still need of some apos
tles of childhood to convince motht-rs
everywhere that the foundation of all tu
ture physical and moral well-being must
be laid deep in the soil of infancy.
Food.
."As a man eateth so is he is a philo
sophical statement of a truth which moth
ers and nurses reed often to rehearse to
themselves. Whether the child is to be
well or ill. strong or weak, sluggish or
active, Self-controlled or the unhappy vic
tim of a morbid appetite, depends largely
on kind and amount of food and regular
ity of feeding. These matters are not to
be decided by the advice of fond grand
mothers or the traditions of nurses, but
by the scientific knowledge of the mother
trained to understand the physical needs
of an Infant. One of the most helpful of
recent books, Louise E. Hogan's "Study
of a Child," gives a faithful and impart!*!
record of the life of a normal child. The
points most insisted upon in the manage
ment of the young child were regularity
in matters pertaining to physical care
and non-interference with the developing
mind, that there might be free play of
the Individuality and self-activity.
The care taken to insure right habits of
body and mind on the part of all who
came into any relations with the child
might well serve as a model In other
homes. In his "Christian Nurture."
which has become a classic. Dr. Bushnell
lays emphasis on the fact that injudicious
fee/ling in babyhood and highly seasoned
and rich foods are the prolific sources of
perverted appetite and gross excess. In
temperance is excess or lack of modera
tion, and its seeds are sown whenever
and wherever the senses of the young
child are allowed to become masters
rather than servants. Froebel has devot
ed two of his songs in the "Mutter und
Kose-Lleder" to a consideration of the
senses of taste and smell, showing the
importance of cultivation of these 'min
isters of the mind" through the medium
of the baby plays. He advises that the
child's attention be diverted during eat
ing by a moving bird in a cage which can
be fed, or by the suggestion of sharing
the food with some other pet. This pre
vents the food and Its enjoyment from
becoming an end in itself.
Clothing.
"Our first gifts to our children are fet
ters," writes Rousseau, in condemning
the customary method of clothing Infants.
The traditional long clothes and bands
must impede the freedom of movement
recessary to develop muscular strength.
The emancipated mother discards all elab
orate long skirts and dresses and makes
her baby comfortable In slips. Like
the Froebel mother, she watches the free
play of the limbs and rejoices in the
growing strength of her baby, as she
sings:
In and out! In and out!
Toss the little limbs about.
Toss the little baby feet;
That's the way to grow, my sweet.
Environment.
Environment Is anothtr emphatic word
In the mother's vocabulary. What the
baby is first to see, what he Is first to
hear— these are matters of prime impor
tance. "Through the senses the child's
soul lies open. Keep the impressions
pure." Who has seen a baby Btretch out
his little hands and coo with delight be
fore some favorite picture without realiz
ing the need of a wise selection of scenes
and subjects for the nursery walls? And
let the picture be hung for the baby's
eyes and not for the adult visitor. Love
of order and habits of neatness, regularity
and punctuality have their genesis in the
orderly surroundings and examples of the
nursery period. The importance of guard
ing the early Influences surrounding the
child is nowhere more clearly set forth
than In Froebel's collection of songs and
plays for mothers and children. In the
arrangement of the songs we discover the
order and time of manifestation of the
various psychic activities of the infant.
The pictures In the first part of the book
portray successive scenes In the great
drama of unfolding consciousness. The
first picture shows the physical moment,
when the infant, "new to earth and sky,"
vaguely begins to feel that "This is I."
The succeeding play songs illustrate such
physical experiences as the first Imitative
act, betokening the birth of will; the cus
ual notion Indicated by the why and what
of the childish questions, the recognition
of change and time, thedevelopmentof the
senses from the lower subjective sensations
of taste and smell to the higher activity
of sight, the gradual grouping of sensa
tions Into ever clearer perceptions and the
formation of Ideas of form, size and num
her— "three paths to the goal of knowl
edge."
But the mother's Interest in her child Is
not psychologtc, and the chief value of
Froebel's book for her lies in the hints
and suggestions given to guide her In h»r
dally Intercourse with her little one. Its
avowed aim Is to replace the mother in
stinct by Insight, to add to the mother
love "the sweet reasonableness" which
shall Insure true nurture. There is no
need to create artificial experiences as In
Rousseau's "Emlle" to teach the lessons
of life. The experiences come of them-
selves.
The scientific understanding of the in-
fant's bodily needs, the elimination ot all
harmful Influences In the nursery t-n
vlronment, with the selection of tho gocd,
and the loving wisdom which "suffers"
the free play of the spontaneities of ba
byhood, guiding them to the formation ot
right habits— these are the essentials
the care of infancy.
The Kindergarten Age,
The ideal of the kindergarten Is Indi
cated in its name— the child garden. A
garden is a place for growth under cul
ture. Freedom, space and time are ne
cessary conditions of growth in any gar
den, and cultivation is no less essential
for the fullest flowering and fruitage.
A kindergarten is not "a merry-go
rouiui" for the amusement of children,
neither is it a device for cramming inno
cent children with premature knowledge.
It is a place where living and real chil
dren are treated as growing plants with
respect to all the laws of natural devel
opment. It ia a place where the need of
individual treatment is considered as the
gardener considers the peculiar needs of
the rose and lily and gives to each soil
and sunshine and care as required by tho
nature of the plant.
The forcing process Is foreign to the
true kindergarten, which does not desire
to produce hothouse plants, even if they
bloom earlier. Froebel's method is "pass
ive, observant, following." The keynote
of his system is self-activity. His aim
is "to give men themselves." The agencies
which he employs in the kindergarten are
chiefly songs and games, gifts and occu
pations.
Songs and Games.
In the piays of children Froebel discov
ers "the heart leaves of the future." The
child is most truly himself when he
plays. All hia energies are employed,
frequently his special powers and ten
dencies are expressed in this free mani
festation of self. An English writer on
this subject characterizes neglect in fos
tering such special tastes and capacities
as ruthless waste of national capital. It
is possible that child study in the kinder
garten may prevent some of thi3 waste,
especially when mothers and klnder
gartners have the frequent opportunities
for conference afforded by the mothers'
meetings.
Long before Froebel's time Plato. Quin
tilian and other educational writers had
insisted upon tho value of the plays of
children as a "preparation for the seri
ous business of life," but it was reserved
for "the apostle of childhood" to fathom
"the deep meaning which oft lies hid in
childish play" and to make it the corner
stone of his educational foundation.
The musical setting of the kindergarten
plays makes them "orderly and law
abiding" and through the medium of sonc
we believe with Plato that rhythm and
grace enter into the recesses of the soul
and abide there. The organized play,
when rightly conducted, preserves the
true balance between lawful liberty and
license, and in nowise interferes with the
spontaneity of childhood. Freedom and
law are inseparable terms, and one of tho
Important lessons of the kindergarten
game is that the good of the Individual
is conditioned by the good of the whole.
The only one who isn't happy is the one
who won't play. Consideration of others
and subordination of self are common,
plain virtues to he acquired only by "daily
act and habitude." The kindergarten play
circle is the school for these social vir
tues because all must play together la
order to play at all.
Imitation.
Froebel was the first of ehiM students
to discover the significance of Imitation
in child llf«\ "What man tries to repre
sent, that he begins to understand" is his
motto. Imitation is necessary as a means
of understanding. "Let me do and I shall
know" is the implicit faith of the child.
"I will fly like a bird and run like a pony
and hop like a frop, and so I shall be
come each of them. Let me do what
mamma does and I shall be mamma." So
through varied and constant imitations
children imitate themselves into the com
plexities of the life around them. Froeb^l
would utilize this instinct for imitation
by giving a wide range to play and di
recting it to an educational end. His spe
cial plays include those which represent
movements in the plant and animal worid,
the family and other relationships and
domestic and industrial activities. The
miner, the farmer, the baker, the car
penter are true heroes of toil because
they are necessary to make the wheels
of the great world turn round. The Heal
of service which Mrs. Eliot advocates as
one of the functions of education in a
democracy is embodied in these trade
plays, which illustrate the dependence of
one upon another and the beauty of co
operation.
The Gifts.
No agency of the kindergarten has been
so much questioned and so often pervert
ed as the gifts. Froebel did not Intend
them to become a means of instruction
in geometry and arithmetic, but rather to
furnish an "alphabet of things" by which
the young pupil in nature's school may
begin "to spell out the volume of the
universe." He attaches great importance
to the selection of children's playthings,
which are to serve as mediators between
themselves and the world. A wise giver
bestows the "gift" which helps the child
to realize himself by giving free play to
the fancy and scope to the constructive
powers. "Let me see," "Let me do" are
the constant demands of the normal child.
Through clear seeing the world-chaoa is
gradually to be reduced to order. Defi
nite perceptions in place of confused and
vague notions of things axe to b*. ac
quired through forming the habit of in
terested observation and attention to what
one sees. The kindergarten playthings
are intended to facilitate this process of
observation and comparison by supply
ing standards of form, color, size arid
number.
It is needless to state that the special
"gifts" do not exclude the use of ra
tional objects, but lead to a larger inter
est in seeing and usinjr all other good
gifts of a wise Giver. They are only the
alphabet, not the volume.
The material of the gifts offers noth
ing novel. Balls, blocks and rings tire
common playthings. As used in the kin
dergarten they satisfy the constructive
Instinct which would recreate the world.
The simple and manageable material
lends itself readily to the desires of the
mind. The value over other material lies
in the fact of organization and progres
sion, so that the child grows by what
he does and fines at every stage what 13
suited to his needs.
Note— This study will be concluded on
Saturday, February 3.
Testimonial to Rev. Mr. Rader.
A testimonial to Rev. William Rad.»r,
tendered by his many friends prior to his
departure for Europe, will be given In the
auditorium of the Young Men's Christian
Association building. Mason and Ellis
streets, on Tuesday evening. January 3">.
at 8 o'clock. An admission fee of 25 cdr.ts
will be charged. At the testimonial the
following artists will appear: Mrs. Susia
Hert-Mark. soprano; Miss Xena Roberts,
contralto: Mrs. L. A. Larsen. cornetM:
Miss Elizabeth Bartlett. reader; Mis 3
Helen Hagar. pianiste; Rabbi Voorsansrer.
short address: Knickerbocker Male Quar
tet; Herbert ¦Williams, tenor; L. A. Lar
sen. bass, and Cyrus Brownie* ftUwtoo,
reader and impersonator. K~S3
MANY VESSELS
WERE DAMAGED
OFF THE HORN
?
Forced to Make Ports
in Distress.
COAL WILL AGAIN BE SCARCE
?
LOSS OF THE MIAMI WILL
AFFECT THE MARKET.
»
Only three vessels arrived in port yes
terday up to sp. ni. One ot" these was the
new steam schooner \V. H. Kruger, which
came down from Grays Harbor tn tow of
the tug Astoria. She will be engincd here
and will then go into the coasting trade.
The others were the schooner Bculah from
Wlllapa and the steamer Luella from San
I'edro.
For several weeks to come shipping on
the bay will be very quiet, as nearly all
the deep-water fleet expected has put in
an appearance. The A. G. Hopes is now
out lc- days from New Y/crk, but she only
left Montevideo on October SJ. She was
eaufiiiu iv a pampero on: the River l J latta
anu had to put ju there With her rudiier
iiead twisteu. The Musselcrag is now out
il*» days from Antwerp, but the was
caught in the October hurricanes off the
Horn, and being disabled hud to turn tail
and n:ake lor eSan Francisco by way of
the Cape of Good Hope. She is now in
Sydney, X. S. \V., into which port she put
in distress on January 12. The Cajirobert
is now out 230 days from Hamburg, but
e he had to put into Valparaiso short of
water, and only sailed from there for San.
Francisco on December 7. The Black
braes is now out 22*s days from Newcastle
On Tyne, but on .November 4 she put into
Port Stanley with her decks damaged.
The EmlUe Galine is now out -03 aays
from Swansea, but on November 2& she
only left Rio de Janeiro, having put in
there several weeks earlier partially dis
masted.
The British ship Reliance is now out
201 days from Hamburg, and at one time
20 per cent reinsurance was paid on her.
On January 21 she was spoken within a
few hundred miles of San Francisco and
should make port any day now. The Lyn
ton is also out 142 days from Newcastle
on Tyne. Outside of these there is not an
other deep-water ship due. Consequently
the arrivals for several weeks to come
will be fuw and far between, and the coal
dealers will have no English or Australian
black diamonds to help them out.
The stranding of the collier Miami in
Oyster Bay will also curtail the coal sup
ply. She carried about 4000 tons and made
about three trips a month. No vessel can
now be secured to take her place, so for
the next four weeks at least the supply of
domestic coal will be reduced by at least
10.<.«A> tons. Private dispatches say the
Miami lies in a very dangerous position,
but that if the weather keeps moderate
the coal may be lightered and the ship
paved. There is no insurance on the cargo.
The steamer is valued at $150,000 and there
is Jl&,</«) insurance on her in San Fran
cisco offices. $2500 in Victoria, B. C, and
the remainder in England.
The German four-masted ship Potosi.
the largest sailing vessel in the world,
wa? one of the victims of the October
pales off the Horn. A private letter to
parties in this city states that she was
caught in some terrific weather and hail
ail her upper topmasts carried away, be
sides being damaged about the decks. She
was compelled to put back to Port Stanley
for repairs. The Potosi is 2554 tons net
burden, or 1355 tons larger than the Brit
ish ship Kelburn, the largest, sailing yes- ;
eel now In port.
The naval reserve training ship Marlon
will be open to receive visitors to-morrow.
She la anchored off Folsom street, and
Peterson'* launches, will run to her every
half hour. People who have inspected the
lowa. Oregon. San Francisco, Charleston
and other righting machines of the new
navy would do well to go over to the Ma
rlon and take notes of the implements
with which their forebears made history.
On the arrival of the transport Thomas
with the remains of General Lawton and
Major Logan it is expected that minute
gur.s will be fired from the forts. As the
remains cross the bay en route to Wash
ington on one of the ferry-boats minute
guns will be fired from the Marion.
The whaling bark Andrew Hicks was
searched yesterday by the State authori
ties. A boy named Marion "Willard ran
away from his home ia Palo Alto saying
he was going to ship ort a whaler. As the
Hicks is the only vessel of that class
about to pall his relatives npplied to the
Supreme Court for an authorization to
search the ship. It was granted, and
Sheriff Laekmann made a thorough in
spection of the whaler, but could find no
trace of the boy. Willard is 17 years old
and wants to make a cruise in the Arctic.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday dismissed the libel brought by
Oscar Haak against the bark Leiderhom
to recover about $700 wages alleged to be
due him for services as boatswain.
Have you tried Phrono for the complexion?
It is good. All druggets. •
Josselyn Acquitted.
Marcus Josselyn, son of the physician of
that name, was acquitted by a Jury in
Judge Lawlor's court last evening of the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
Preferred by James W. Smart. Young
ospelyn shot Smart on August 6. 1898,
while the latter was endeavoring to carry
away some furniture from the former's
rooms. The Jury found that Smart used
undue severity in his attempt to take the
furniture and that Josselyn was justified
In defending himself.
Union Mass Meeting.
All the dtv churches will unite In the
union mass-meeting at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium. Mason
and Ellis streets, to-morrow afternoon,
when the forty-seventh anniversary of
the local association will be observed.
Rev. John Hemphill, D. D., will deliver
the anniversary address; subject, "The
Young Man In the Twentieth Century."
r V. "Watt, president of the association,
will preside. Music by a large male
chorus. The service commences promptly
at 3 o'clock and Is open free to the pub
lic.
Army and Navy.
The headquarters for the army and navy
downtown fa Zlnkand'a. •
COLLIER MIAMI
A TOTAL WRECK
Broke in Two When the
Tide Went Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C.J Jan. 26.— The steamer
Miami Is a total loss. She has broken In
two parts and one half this morning slid
down into deep water. Her captain and
crew have abandoned her and were taken
to Chemanlus by the tug Lome. Further
details of the wreck were brought by the
Lome. She reports that the Miami left
Oyster Bay at 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing in charge of Pilot Butler, with 5000
tons of coal for San Francisco.
It seems that she was taking a short cut
between Danger Reef and White Rocks,
where there is a channel half a mil© wide,
Instead of going by the generally used
track to the north of Danger Reef, where
a beacon has recently been established.
She was running at full speed and sud
denly brought up with a crash that shiv
ered her from end to end. She was hard
and fast on a reef. The tide was full, and
as It fell the middle of her hull settled
down and either end sagged away, as
there was nothing to support them. The
collier Bristol and tugs Lome and Pilot
endeavored in vain to haul her off. They
could not move her. and as the tide
dropped she fell apart.
This morning the two pieces weTe
wrenched apart Just forward of the
bridge, and the forward end sank out of
sight. The after end was awash and
gradually sliding down into the sea. Ste
vedore i'orke. who went up last night
with scows, is endeavoring to save some
of her cargo. An investigation will be
held here when the captain and crew ar
rive. They are expected by to-morrow's
train.
Trebelli Farewell Recital This After
noon.
Mile. Antoinette Trebclll will give her
farewell song recital at Sherman-Clay
Hall this afternoon, when the following
entirely new programme will be pre
sented: "Vous Qul Me Fuyer" (Helle). C.
Duvernoy, reclt and scene, rirst time in
San Francisco; "Ah Lo So" (Magic Flute),
Mozart; "Batti, Battt" (Don Giovanni),
Mozart; "Je Romps la Chaine" (L'Amant
Jaloux;, Gretry, 1778, aria; . "Songs My
Mother Taught Me," A. Dvorak; "On the
L,ing Ho," H. KJerulf; "O. To Remem
ber." H. Kjerulf ; Tarantelle. G. Bizet: "I
Attempt From Love's Sickness to Fly,"
H. Purcell, seventeenth century; "Chas
sons de Nos Plalsirs," J. P. liameau, 1751;
"Qual Farfalletta Amante," D. Scarlatti,
16b3-1757; "Chanson de la Promise," I*.
Clapisson.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
BUSINESS ASSOCIATE OF
ABRAHAM LINCOLN DIES
For Constipation
AND BE SURE
I^Mmg*?^ YOU : GET "THE
jifcii GENUINE
9
CHARLES MALTBY.Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New \ork Exchange, fight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 48 454
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures advanced In cympathy with
the Eastern and foreign markets, but spot
prices were unchanged.
Paris advanced 75 centimes, equal to 3<3-4c per
bushel. This makes the Paris advance thus far
this week equal to 10c per bushel. Liverpool
was also higher, owing, according to Broom
hall's cable, to British reverses In South Africa
and the scarcity of contract Wheat. Argentine
shipments were 1.000,000 bushels. The abandon
ment of Splon Kop by the British weakened
stocks and caused a decline of 13-16 In console.
Chicago was firm at an advance of 14c. The
cash demand Improved, placing January within
2%e of May.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. ' 974c@$l; milling.
$1 01%®l 03%.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 12.000
ctls. $1 014. December— 2ooo. $1 054.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $101%; 16,000,
$1 02. December— 4ooo, $1 06. ... ¦ •
Regular Morning Session— May— l2.ooo ctls,
$1024; 2000, $102; 6000, $1 01T4. December— 4000,
$1 06.
Afternoon Session— May— Booo ctls, $1 01%. De
cember-2000. $105%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule and the mar
ket continues dull.
Feed. 75@774c for No. 1 and 65@724c for oC
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@874c;
Chevalier, nominal. •¦•-¦_.:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No tales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo" ctls,
71T»c-
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 72c.
OATS— The market Is lifeless and unchanged.
White, $1 10<&l 30; Red. $1 074®l 20; Gray.
$1074«H"4: Black. 974c@51074.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 95c@$l 024
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I@l 05; mixed,
97 Ry^?J$l©l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6053 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40©3 50; Oregon
and Washington $2 75©3 per bbl.
aiILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are aa followa,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 60; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 2303 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4«J4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Exceptions to the quiet and even
dullness shown by the many lines of trade and
epeculatlon are found In the active demand for
woolen goods for next fall's delivery and In the
active call for dry goods on spring account.
In the latter direction prices show special
strength and the bulk of the business placed In
woolens has been at an advance of 25 to 40 per
cent. In other linen notable steadiness Is shown
In prices. Weather conditions throughout the
country part of the week have been against
trade In seasonable goods, arid there Is very
general complaint of large stocks of winter
goods In the hands of this branch of trade.
Another effect of the unusually mild weather
ts that shown In the Northwestern lumber
business. The lack of snow will probably In
sure a reduction on the cut of last year and
this, combined with smaller stocks, points to at
least a maintenance of present lumber quota
tions. Woolen manufacturers have constituted
an exception to the general quiet. They
opened their order books this week, and an
unusually heavy volume of business la re
ported to have been recorded.
Cotton goods are reported In good demand in
nearly all markets and the confidence as to
spring business in dry goods and clothing Is a
notable feature. In sharp contrast. In fact,
with the reports received from retailers as to
the present season's business in winter wear
goods. Scarcity of water Is complained of as
limiting the output of New England cotton
mills, which are reported as backward In de
liveries. The unsatisfactory business at retail
In boots and shoes Is reflected In some easing
of leather prices, and hides are actually lower
on the week.
Coffee has remelned strong throughout the
Business was livelier on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange, and fluctuations were
more numerous. The sugar stocks were- slight
ly off. as will be seen by the sales. Contra
Ccsta . Water sold from $74 50 down to $74.
There were sales of Safe Deposit at $97*338.
Sales were free In the afternoon, but varia
tions were narrower. Alaska Packers" ' so!d
down to $117 50.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany paid a dividend of 50 cents on the 23th.
The Homestake Mining Company paid a divi
dend of 25 cents per share and an extra of
the same amount on the 25th.
At the annual meeting of the Kilauea Sugar
Company on the 2-Jth the old officers were re
elected. The estimate of 5000 tons of sugar
for the last campaign was exceeded by 500
tons. The estimate for the campaign just be
gun has been again placed at SOOO tons.
The Giant Con. Powder has Increased Its
dividend from 60 cents to 73 cents per share,
the first at the latter rate having been de
clared payable on February 10. Tho annual
meeting was held on Wednesday and the old
officers were re-elected.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
&IO.ASI&.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. — —
4s quar reg.... — 1144
4s quar new... — —
3s quar coup.. 11 .4 —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55..113 Vi —
C C Wat ss..lu6VJ7}a
Ed L & P 65.. 130 IC2
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 545.. 105 110
H C & ES 03 IC6V —
L A Ry 55....104*» —
LAL Co is... — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd os.. — 103
L A & P R 55.102»i103
Market-st 65... 1264 —
Do l3t M 55.. 1174113%
N C N b R 73.106%105Vi
NR of Cal tin;; 1 , —
N R of Cal 55.113%114%
NPC R R 55.1U3 —
NPC R R 63.108 —
N C R R 5a... 109 —
OGL & H sa. 109 —
Oak Tran 65.. 1114113
Oak W Co Is.. 10.1 1064
Oceanic SS C0.104%105
Om C Ry 65.. — 1254
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104 1044
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s. — 121
Sac El G&R5s — 100
S F & SJV 6s. US 117
S Ry of Cal 69. — 10»
S P of A 65. ...1104 —
S P C 6sU'Jo6).lo9\llo'i
S P C C«( 1906). Ill —
SP C 63(1912). — —
BPCIs eg ss. — —
SPBt 6s 1244 —
8 V Wat 65.. ..115 —
S V Wat 43. ...104 —
S V W 4s(3dm)lu24 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 158
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 74 744
Marln County. 50 —
Spring Valley. 93% 94
Gas & Electric-
Cent Gas Co.. — —
Cent L & P.... — 5
FRIDAY. Jan. 26— 3 p. m.
u.a.Ast.
Eqult O L Co. 4 44
Mutual El Co.. 134 —
O G L & H... 44 43
Pac Uaa Im-).. 47'<j —
Pac Light Co.. 42 43
SFG Ac E.... 61 52
San Francisco. 43i 5
Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund. 225 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
Bank of Ca1...4C0 —
Cal S D Si T.. 98 100
First Xatnl 250 —
Lon P & A. ...131 1324
Merchants' Ex — v
Nev Nat 8k... — _
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L..1730 —
Hum S & L. _
Mut Sar Bk. 414 —
S F Say L\. 500' —
Say & L Co. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. —
Street Railroads-
California llSt^lS)
Geary-st 50
Market-st Ry. ec?4 6Ui
U8 L & H.... — so
Presidio — —
Powder Stock*—
California 1« —
E Dynamite... So —
Giant Con Co.. — 16
Vigorlt IH *
Susar Stocks —
Hana P C 0.... 7H 7%
Haw C4SCo ?6'4 —
Honnkaa S Co. 30 304
Hutch S P Co. 2S 26^
Kilauea S Co.. — —
Makawell SCo 43 —
Onomea S Co.. 284
Paauhau S Co. 27 27%
Miscellaneous^ —
Al Pack Assn.ll9 ICO
Vler Xx Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 96 96 r i
Pac A F A 1% nj
Pac C Bor C0.. 14S —
Par Paint Co.. »* _
Morning Session.
10 Cal Safe Deposit t7 00
10 Cal Safe Deposit 93 00
10 Contra Costa Water 74 50
100 Contra Costa Wat»r 7400
10 Fireman's Fund Ins ....227 fli)
320 Giant Powder Con 93 00
15 Giant Powder Con 93 i2'Z
10 Giant Powder Con, cash 95 00
130 Hrvnokaa S Co jo 00
2(10 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 00
10 Market Street Railway, cash 61 00
65 Market Street Railway si no
10 Makawell S Co 43 50
10 Makawell a Co 43 ijii
100 Makawell S Co 43 go
. 50 Mutual Electric Light 13 30
10 Oceanic S S Co 9« 7r,
50 Onomea Sujrar Co 27 CO
100 Onomea Sugar Co. ¦ SO 28 7..
53 Paauhau S P Co 27 25
5 Pac Gas Imp 47 75
Street—
$1000 Los Angeles Ry Ss ..100 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
3 Alaska Packers' Association 117 50
10 Contra Costa Water ; 74 00
30 Contra Costa Water, s 30 74 00
60 Equitably Gas 4 25
23 Giant Powder Con 95 CO
¦ 10 Giant Powder Con. b 10 9* 00 ,
100 liana Plantation Co 7 25 "
60 Honokaa Susar Co Sn 00
60 Honokaa Susar Co 3b 124
95 Honokaa Sugar Co 30 23
20 Hutchinaon S P Co 26 124
40 Makaweli Su«ar Co 42 574
' 10 llakaweli Susar Co 43 00
$2'oo Oceanic S S bonds 104 7;
30 Onomea Sugar Co 27 CO
50 Paauhau S P Co 27 ;^
25 Pacific Ushtins-. s lf> 41 j»
$7000 Park & Cliff House 6s 104 W
73 S F Gas & Electric Co 5J 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 81 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 51 CO
. Street—
$10,000 S P of A bonds no 50
EASTERN MARKETS.
Neva York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The record of the day
on Wall street was a repetition of yesterday's
Inertia, but prices went down Instead of up
es *as the case yesterday. The retirement
of the British from Fplon Kop had a« little
Influence as did the previoua day's news of the
success there. The o;*nlng market prices
ehowed eharp declines. International stocks be
ing quoted at about the London parity. The
weakness in London induced co celling here,
however; the local traders were disposed to
buy the stocks offered for London account In
the same way that they sold yesterday to m»et
the Lonflon demand. No attempt was apparent
to bid up prices as the local dealers seemed
content to take the offerings at the London
level cf prices. The salea for London account
were estimated at something over 20,000. very
evenly distributed amocg the various inter
national stocks. This constituted th- bulk of
the day's business In railroad stocks and prices
in that department never got far from the
opening level. Much the greater portion on
the day's ema.ll business was In the speculat
ive industrials and specialties. These were
weak from the start. The weakness In Sugar
•u-as attributed to operations by a speculative
clique. Metropolitan made a momentary show
of firmness on the belief of a hitching in
the closing of the contract for the rapi 1
tranfit tunnel. The Rubber stocks, which have
not b*en active recently, were forced down 4
and 3 points respectively, but recovered 2
taints each. On tne curb New Ameterdam Gas
was rather active and strong and Standard Oil
advanced to a new high level. Returns by
tht leading banks of the currency movement
tor the week indicate that the net receipts
for the interior by express have been but
filghtly less than last week, but the gains
on 6ub-tr*aaury operations were little more
than half thoee of la6t week owing to dimin
ished ptr.fion disbursements and continued
h<»avy revenue receipts. The total gain In cash
for ttv banke is estimated at near $7,000,000.
It ie evident that ftock exchange operations
have mad» no demands on the loan accounts
of the banks. But the placing of time loans
and the buying of mercantile paper may have
further expanded loan accounts. Tbe sale of
New York City bonds during the week may
also be reflects in the loan account.
The btnd market made progress toward dull
ne«s and the tone was rather easier. Total
eal**. par value, $1,505,000.
United States old 4s and 6s (coupons) ad
vanced h*. In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhnres Clof'.r.c
Hold. B|d.
U r J*> Atchlson "H
10.430 Atch>sn j>refd -.. w^
l.&SO JJaltimore & Ohio 57%
....... <;anad:»n Pacific 93' i
. .. . Canada Fouihern 4S
1.C17 Chesapeake & Ohio 2»4
£ *JM Chicago Cr<>at Western 13 1 *
3 SIS Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 121%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 15
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 45
« tiicas-t & Kastern Illinois K74
Ch-.caeo & Northwestern 153
; C2O Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 106
'lW <: C C & St Louis COM.
Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4J%
.... Colorado Southern "d prefd 144
230 Delaware & Hu<Jf>on 114
UtO Delaware. Lack & Western 174
Driver & Rio Grande 17
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 6*4
Erie 11
PErie Ist prefd 32
• Jr^at Northern prefd 16»
Hooking Co«i 16
Hocking Valley SJ
Illinois Central 114
!<>wa Central 124
lowa Ontrai prefd 62
.. Kbtip«« Ctty. Pittsburg & Gulf 8
L*ke Krie & Western 22
Like Erie & Westf-rn prefd «%
Lake Hhore IS>4
M7O Loulxvilie & Nashville, ex div 784
a.*K» Manhattan Elevated 53%
6,«0 Metropolitan Ftreet Railway 108
2LZ Mexican Central 11%
:00 Minneapolis £ St Louis (8
Minneapolis & Et Louis prefd W>4
8.900 Missouri Pacific 42%
Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri, Kans & Texas 10
120 MiFsourt, Kans &. Texas prefd 32
lftO New Jrrrry Central 1164
I.ICO New York Central 133' i
1.H5 Norfolk & Western 24%
C3B Norfolk &. Western prefd O%
3.53S Northern Pacific 51
553 Northern Pacific prefd 73%
300 Ontario A- Western 21«4
Or«*Fon Railway & Nay 42
f^eon Railway & Nay prefd 76
• 1.-43 Pennsylvania 129
Heading 17%
EOO rteadinK Ist prefd 60
Reading 2d profd 27
Rio Grande Western 40
Rio Grand* Wwt»rn prefd R5
250 l?t Ix>ui« & Pan Francinco ci
Ft Louin & San Fran m prefd 49
Ft Louis A San Fran 2d prefd 33
St Loutn. Southwestern 11%
400 St Louie. Southwestern prefd 27
4.425 Ft Paul 11TT4
Ft Paul prefd 170
fit Paul & Omaha 120
ILSKS Southern Pacific 374
700 Southern R-iilway 11%
2.000 Southern Railway prefd 52%
300 Texas & Pacific 154
5.200 T'nlon Pacific 46%
2.210 I'nion Pacific preM 74%
Wabash NJ%
Wabash preM 204
TOO Wheeling it L E »%
London Wool Sales.
Meats stand about the same, with no Imme
diate crospect of lower prices. Poultry is la
lighter supply, but prices show little change.
Game also sells at about last week's quotations.
All seasonal Fruits and Vegetables are In
sufficient supply for the demand and Orang»s
and Apples are plentiful.
Butter is dearer. Eggs and Cheese ara
cheaper.
Coal, rer ton —
Cannel $ ©13 00
Wellington... ©10 00
New Welling
ton 010 00
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per
square 55060
Do, per roll 50'^ —
Do, good 430-—
Cheese, Cal 12Jf15
Cheese. Eastern.. .l7^2o
Cheese, Swiss 20025
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12017
Beef, choice IS^gSO
Do, good 10013
Corned 8eef...:...— <©10
Ham.. Cal 13@—
Do Eastern — 17 1 . 2 'tt—
Lard tiliU
Mutton — <?13
Spring Lamb 20*} 23
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60073
Young Roosters,
each 631173
Old roosters. ea...6D«6.":
Fryers, each 50<Q60i
Broller9. each 10-ii.vV
rurkeys, per lb — 131820,
Ducks, each 60^73
Geese. each....sl 23©1 50'
Pigeons, pair 40<U"30
Rabbits, pair 40f».">0
Hare, each —4900
Doves, per doz..sl@l 23
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 13^20
Apples 4« 6
Bananas, dozen... 104; 13
Cranberries, qt....— «10
Oranges, doa 10<333:
Vegetables —
Artichokes, dz. 7ac®sl 2~>
lieets. dozen 12OIS
Beans, white, Ib.. 5<JS— I
Colored, lb fit 3 :
Lima, lb — © 8
Cabbage, each.... SWIO.
Cauliflowers, each 5010,
Celery, buncli 33—:
Cre^s doz torchs..?^/:?"
Egg Plant, lb 25*?2,1i
Green Peas, lb 5^lJ
Lentiis. per lb <a'<t %
Lettuce, per doz.. 13ft — ;
Onions, per lb 20 31
Fish—
Barracuda — ft — l
Carp 120—
Codnsh — "il3
Floun.lers 12-S— ,
Halibut 130—!
Herring —>(tl2\
Kingflsh — <©13
Mackerel — 0—
Do. Horse — <fa> —
Percn ~S~
Pompano — 0—
Rockttsh 13020
Salmon, fresh 13020!
Do. smoked — &MJ
Seattle $3 0X3 — .
Southfleld
Wellington.. 03 50
Coos Eay 07 30
Common Kgga JOO2J
Ranch £ggs, per
doren 23®—
Honey Comb, per
pound 12315
Do, extracted.... — oia
Pork, fresh 15020
Pork, salt 12015
Pork Chops ISOIS
Round Steak 10313
Sirloin Steak 13@—
Porterhouse, d0. ..20,^25
Smoked Beef 12@1J
Pork Sausages.. l2'vj^Ci)
Veal U323
Quail, do* n 50-gJ
Mallard. pair..7scssl J5
Canvasback, r*r
pair 75c05l 23
Sprig, pair 735;—
Teal, per pair Kaoi
Widgeon, pair — joy r,
Small Duck. pair..4o<g3')
Wild Geese. palr.73c'i}il
English Snipe.
per dozen $303 30
Jack Snipe $1 750J
Lemons, dozen 10'SIO
Limes, per dozen.. 10015
Kalsin3, per lb 6019
Walnuts, per lb...— @li
Okra. dry. Per Ib.— <©2s
Peppers, green. lb.W^la
Potatoes, per lb.. Z'at 6
Sareet Potatoes.... Z'S t
Parsnips, per dos.ls'<$ —
Radishes, da bchs. 10012
Sage. dr>i bnch9...'ja:r.
String Beans, 1b.. 10013
Summer Squash,
per lb. 3010
Thyme, per lb 20^30
Turnips, per d0z..10@15
Tomatoes, per lb.. 8013
Phrlmpa ........ ...^-010
Phad — <£Tl5
Sea Baas — <@—
.Smelts I.VSi'O
Soles 12015
Skates, each lO^li
Clams, gallon 500—
Do hardshell. ICO 40030
Crabs, each IC@U>
Do eoftshell, dz,2S@.w
Mussels, quart.... 10* ii 12
Oysters. Cal. 100. ..4005)
Do Eastern. dj-Zo'dii
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
January 26, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentase.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $957,217,278 .... 33.5
Boston 123,078.237 .... 11.1
Chicago 124,735.788 .... 10.3
Philadelphia ....... 94,695,944 .... 11.6
St. Louis 8ft. 436.196 .... 10.S
Plttsburg 32.602,555 54.8 ...;
Baltimore 18,301.714 .... 83.8
Ean Francisco 15,52.'>,022 7.3 ....
Cincinnati 15,258,90 i) 7.8 ....
Kansas City 12.501.479 21.4 ....
New Orleans 12,995,905 6.8 ....
Minneapolis h,372,066 9.7
Detroit 5.556.901 25.9 ....
Cleveland 10.353,333 10.6 ....
Loul«vllle 9.629,704 28.4 ....
Providence... 6.301,300 1.9 ....
Milwaukee .;. 6.442,843 29.1 ....
St. Paul 4.540,425 3.1 ' ....
Buffalo 4,953.645 8.5
Omaha 6.759,121 .... 17.8
Indianapolis 5,674.332 .... 5.7
Columbus, 0 4,930,500 6.5
Savannah 4.040,360 26.9 ....
Denver 4.443,iai 65.3 ....
Hartford 2,425.245 2.4
Richmond 2.615,261 29.2
Memphis 2.612.220 12.0 ....
AVathington 2,274,785 6.1 ....
Peorla 1,748.413 .... ....
Rochester 1.597.722 8.8 ....
New Haven 1.700,733 .... 10.0
Worcester 1.194.973 .... 46.1
Atlanta 2.751,741 .... 23.2
Salt Lake City 2.230,295 .... 80.3
Springfield. Mass.,, 1,219,540 .... 26.2
Fort Worth 2,070,106 14.4
Portland. Me ¦ 1.05G.396 29.8
Portland, Or 1,527.958 5.5 ....
I St. Joseph 3.002,621 29.3 ....
Los Angeles 2,062,713 43.0 ....
Norfolk 1,405».564 13.8
Syracuse 1,097,076 2.8 ....
Dcs Molnes 1,520.683 6.2 • ....
Nashville 1.447.924 21.0 ....
Wilmington, De 1.... 1.008,137 40.3 -
Fall River 500.494 .... 20.3
Pcranton 1,301.613 29.7 ....
Grand Rapids 1,299,012 9.3 ....
Augusta. Ga 1,429.330 40.5 ....
Lowell 493,547 26.7
Dayton. O L 140.145 23.9
Seattle 1,749,281 44.5 ....
Tacoma 533.870 13.7 ....
Spokane 1,068,370 2.9 ....
Sioux City 1,119,272 16.8
New Bedford 430.900 ' 26.1
Knoxville, Term.... 624.363 2.5
Topeka 646,626 13. » ....
Birmingham 540,946 89. 3 ....
Wichita 452.454 2.5
BinKhamton 451.700 21.8
Lexington. Ky 456.590 90.5 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 235,071 .... ....
Kalamazoo 297,6!>5 .... 25.3
Akron 369,300 .... 7.0
Chattanooga 375.332 9.6 ....
Rockford, 111 292,755 24.7 ....
Canton. 0 2C5.600 .... ....
Springfield, 0 305.471 50.3
Fargo. N. D 275,019 .... 12.0
Sioux Falls, 8. D... 198.266 75.2
Hastings, Neb 137.321 7.8 ....
Fremont, Neb 122.515 .... ....
Davenport f.69,972 ....
Toledo 2,316.603 16.8 ....
Galveston 8,116,020 15. 9 ....
Houston 8.450.501 23.6 ....
Bvansvllle 854.032 22.0
Youngstown, 0 322,046 .... 6.6
Macon 852.CX10 PB.B
Helena 654.413 35.8
Little Rock 461.5"il 4«.3 ....
Springfield, 111 593.66J 6.7
Saginaw 375,161 15.1 ....
Totals, U. 5.... 51,609,432,036 .... 24.8
Totals outside New
York 622,224,778 .... 4.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,445.91? .... 2S.S
Toronto 8,713.377 I .... 1.9
Winnipeg 1,952.023 .... 19.8
Halifax 1.203,492 2.3
Hamilton 807.760 15.4
St. John, N. B 649.503 .... 4.3
Vancouver, B. C... 615,195 6.7 ....
Victoria, B. C 575,621 2.1
Totals $27,866,091 .... 13.3
100 Wheeling at L E 2d prefd 26%
Wisconsin Central 174
Express companies —
Adams 114
American 146
United States 47
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton OH 33' i
American Cotton Oil prefd 924
400 American Malting b~i
American Malting prefd 27
CSO American Smelting & Kefln C$H
315 American Smelting & Ilefln prefd.. 88
American Spirits 3
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 42
2'K> American Steel Hoop prefd SI
6,0:,0 American Steel & Wire 45%
200 American Steel & Wire prefd &OV*
600 American Tin Plate 284
American Tin Plate prefd 80
7.000 American Tobacco S^
American Tobacco prefd 135
700 Anaconda Mining Co 39%
40.2*5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71%
POO Colorado Fuel & Iron 42!»
FO3 Continental Tobacco 314 !
<*ont!nental Tobacco prefd S4
S.S6O Federal Steel 50*;
240 Federal Steel prefd 72 T *
100 General Electric 122 1 ,
740 Glucose Sugar 534
Glucose Sugar prefd ?9
200 International Paper 224
500 International Paper prefd 67%
100 Laclede Gas 7S I ,
National Biscuit '. 36 1 ;
115 National Biscuit prefd 92
National Lead 26
National Lead prefd 105
289 National Steel 40
420 National Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 130
100 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 51
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
600 Pacific Mall 42%
470 People's Gas 103%
470 Pressed Steel Car 55"fc
Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
ITO Pullman Palace Car IS7
Standard Rope & Twine" 8
47.255 Sugar 115%
Sugar prefd 1124 I
3.',."6 Tennessee Coal & Iron 624
«.2jO United States Leather 46>*
I.SIO United States Leather prefd 75%
1,572 United States Rubber 38
United States Rubber prefd 100 |
Western Union 864 I
555 Republic Iron & Steel 20> t
137 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 66 |
rCC & St Louis 7* 1 * I
132. 3G0 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s rtt IDCH'N V C lets 109
Do !s reg 109 V N J C jren 5s 122
Do 3s coup 110 IN Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s reg 132%] Do 4s 10«
Do new 4s coup..lS3*i ; N Pacific lets 110
Do old 4s reg.. ..11414! Do 4s 10CH
Do old 4s c0up. .114^4 N" V C & S L 4 10S^
I>o 5s reg 112 »& W con 4s 93>»
Do 5s coup 113 V* 1 Do gen 6s 129
Dißt of Col 3.655. ..119 Or Nay Ists 110
Atchlson gen 45....10Wij Do 4s 101*4
I>o adj 4s SlU'Or Short Line 65..129H
Cnr.aiia So 2ds I^9 I Do con £s 112
Ches & Ohio 4V6»-. 97mReadlnu gen 4s 84»4
Do 5s ?11«4'R G W Ists KM
Chic &N* con 7i..H2H i P L& I M con 85..112
Do B F deb 55..120 SL4SF gen 65.. 119
Chic Term 4s 93 « Paul cons 167V4
D & R G 1et5. ...102 St P C & P Es..U9
Do 4s S9U' Do 5s 119
E T V &. G Ists. .lol So Ry 5s 107%
Erie gen 4s 6SVi'*tand R & T «5.... 84
F W & D C lets.. 74 Term new Bet 25.... 95
General Elec 55. ...119 Tex &. Pac Ist 112H
G H & S A 6s 109 Do 2ds 64
GH& S A 2d5....105 CTnlon Pac 4s IMI4
H & T C Bs 110^4 CVabash lets 115V4
Do con 6s 110 Do 2ds 101 V*
lowa Central l»ts..H2»4i IN'est Shore 4s 113
X C P & G 15t«.... 68H;5Vis Cent Ists 90Vi
La n*w con 4s 106H:»*a Centuries S5
L &. N ur.l 4» 99Vi|rolo So 4s Ss»i
M X & T 2ds 6S%\ Sou Pac 4s E2»i
M X t T 4s 90 '
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point lii Ontario 8 E<)
Chollar 22|Ophir C 3
Col Cal & Va 1 40: Plymouth CS
Deadwood 60 i Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 25 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 75
Hale & Norc 35: Sierra Nevada 45
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 62 Union Con 25
Mexican 30 1 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Union Lnnd 3
Call loans 4054 West End 924
Time loans 405 West End prefd 110
Stocks — Westlnghouse Elec 41%
A T & S F 194 ' Wisconsin Central. 174
A T & S F prefd.. 60 (Dominion Coal 41
American Sugar... 115% JDom Coal prefd 115
Am Sugar prefd. ..ll4 1 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone SZ2 '¦ Allouez Mining Co. 3
Boston & Albany.. 24o I Atlantic 244
Bocton Elevated... 96 (Boston & Montana.26s
C B & Q 121% Butte & Boston 48
Fitchburg prefd. ...lK Calumet & Hec1a..740
General Electric... 1224 Centennial 154
Gen Elec prefd 135 (Franklin 14
Federal Steel 60« i Osceola 63
Fed Pteel prefd.... 73 jPairot 404
Mexican Central... 114 Qulncy 140
Mich Telephone 100 Panta Fe Copper... 5 -
Old Colony 203 iTamarack 175
Old Dominion 19 .Utah 25
Rubber 37 IWlnona 4
Union Pacific 46>i' Wolverine* 394
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— Money on call easy
at 253 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 44554 per cent; sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 S?v;@4 574 for demand and $4 84V;®>
4 £44 for sixty days: posted rates. $4 8504 £8;
commercial bills. $4 83Vi'?4 82?; : sliver certifi
cates. S94eft>4c: bar Ellver. 59»4c; Mexican
dollars, 4"ijrc; Government bonds, strong; State
Condition of the Treasury.
! WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— T0-day's statement
of thf condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able each balance, $2?9,064,023; gold reserve.
$218.5i4.177.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a slump in the markets here to
day on the announcement of the abandonment
of Splon Kop by General Warren. The reason
was not understood, there being no explana
tory word In the disappointing dispatch. About
midday there was a ullght rally, which, how
ever, was followed by a fresh relapse, and
the cloisr was near the worst. In some quar
ters the Splon Kop reverse was interpreted as
the meat eerious thus far In the campaign
unless some unexpected explanation shall be
received. Consols closed at par, *%, a fall of »;.
Americans followed the general movement,
but finally hardened on New York support.
Paris was nervous, selling Spanish 4s and
Tintos. There was no gold movement. ' Money
was ft HI may, although this was settlement
day and bills were offered more freely. The
foreign exchange was as follows: Paris, 25.18;
Berlin. 20.45 U.
The Berlin private discount rate fell to 3T4,
portending a reduction from the official bank
rate.
CLOSING
LONDON. Jan. 26.— Canadian Pacific, 964;
Union Pacific preferred, 77; Northern Pacific
preferred, 75T4; Atchlson. Wii; Grand Trunk.
7H: Anaconda, 64. Bar silver, steady at
27 7-164 per ounce.
Chicago Livestock Market
CHICAGO, Jan. 26.— CATTLE— Native steers
slow; Texans strong and active; cow market
active: canners and bulls steady; feeders
quiet. Good to choice, $5 2506 25; poor to
medium, $405; mixed stockera, $3 2503 85;
selected feeders, $3 2004 85; good to choice
cows, $3 40&4 50; heifers, $3 2505: canners,
$2 26@3 60: bulls. $404 23; calves. $4 6008; fed
Texan beeves, $405.
HOGS— Average 10c higher: top, $4 85; good
clearances; mixed butchers, $4 6004 SO; good to
Charters.
The Inverlochy it chartered for wheat to
Europe, 26* 3d.
The Belmont loa<ss wheat at Portland for
Europe. 4o» — prior to arrival.
IVcathcr Report.
Cl2C'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 16—5 p. m.
The following are the 6easonal rainfalls to
date, bj= compared with thone of the same date
last season and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, seasjn.
Kureka COO 35.46 17. «
jied iiiurr 000 14. :» 13.12
Sacramento ('.OO 13.33
fian Francisco 0.00 14. 3S ..6.
Fresno 0.00 €.12 3.M
Indeiwr.dence O.W 2. 0S I.la
Fan Luis Obis;*} B. 0« 12.41 6.5.
L<* Angele* 0.00 4..'.7 2.*4
Fan Diego 0.01 2.C2 1.4J
Yuma Co« 0.66 1.-3
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
to degrees; minimum. 46; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly east of the
Itoeky Mountains and has risen over Northern
California. Tuie fog prevails In the valleys
of California. No rain has fallen west of the
liocky Mcuntains, and while the conditions
are favorable lor a rapid approach of a storm
on the North Pacific Coast the weather will
probably continue lair and as at present.
Owing to the tule ft_.R the temperatures in
the great valleys continue from 6 to S degrees
bflow the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight, January 27, 1900.
Northern California— Fair Saturday, with fog
in the lowiandfe; cloudy and unsettled Satur
day night: light aoutherly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, cloudy
Saturday night: light southerly winds, wester
ly on the ccast.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— fair Saturday.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday.
Ean Francisco and vicinity— Light fog In the
morning, fair during the day, cloudy and
threatening at right; light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Family Retail Market.
Consols declined, ozving to war news.
Silver a fraction firmer again.
Wheat advanced in all positions. Barley dull.
No change in the minor cereals.
Small advance in White Beans.
Hay weak with free supplies. Bran firm.
Rice market continues strong.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and the former weak.
Butter demoralized, owing to the fight among dealers.
Cheese and Eggs weak and quiet.
Oranges continue to decline. Apples and Lenwns plentiful.
Poultry in moderate supply and Game firm. -
Provisions as previously quoted.
Meai market unchanged.
choice heavy, $4 7034 S5; rough heavy, $4 55®
4 65: light, $4 4004 70; bulk of sales, $4 6004 75.
SHEEP— In strong demand; lambs 10015 c
higher; good clearances; native wethers, $4 50®
6: lambs, $si?j6 75; Western wethers, $4 4004 85;
Western lambs, $5 75ift6 60.
Receipts— Cattle. 2500; hogs, 19.000; sheep,
SCOO.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
(barrelß). $607 25; In sacks. $5 75©7; Pearl Bar
ley $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100
lbs! "
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay are too liberal for the de
mand, and the market ts weak, with sellers
Inclined to make concessions. Bran Is firm.
BRAN— SI4OIS per ten.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $14017 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing.
f>7 Cocoanut Cake. J2O021; Corn Meai.
'•3ii"3 50- Cracked Corn. $23 50024; Mixed Feed.
115 10- Cottonseed Meal. $^8 per ton.
* xi"t y— Wheat $7 5008 50 for common to good
and $909 50 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $709;
Oat $6 5008; Barley. $506 50: Alfalfa. $3@S per
ton;' compressed, $7010 per ton.
STRAW-25&50C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Large White Beans are doing slightly better.
No other chances.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25©3 50: small White, $3
©3 20- large White. $2 8503; Pinks, $2 40®
2 85; Reds. $3 50; Blackeye. $4 2504 50; Butters,
nominal: Lima, $3 15©5 25; Pea. $303 25; Red
Kidneys, $3 6004.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3034 c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4@44c; Flax. $19002 20; Canary. 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7©
8c; Rape. 24®3c; Hemp. 4044 c; Timothy. MS
44c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for all descriptions remained about the
same, everything being quiet and in ample sup
ply. Potatoes were weak and very dulL
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85090 c; River Reds.
60®70c;. Burbanks, 60080 c per sack; Oregon Bur
banks. 80c©$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 50@l 65 for
Merced; New Potatoes, Volunteer, 1024 c.
ONIONS— SI 25(f*l 75 Der ctl for all kinds
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 204<j per lb:
String Beans, 60Sc; Cabbage. 40050 c; Los An
geles Tomatoes. $101 50: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 124015 c; Dried Okra. 124 c per lb; Gar
lic, 6©7 c: Green Peppers from Los Angeles. 40
6c for Chile and 10c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 8®
10c; Carrots. 30<340c per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, 75c05l 25 per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $25 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Game rules firm, receipts being light.
Young Poultry is weak, as the last two cars
from the East contained considerable. Tur
keys are also dull and weak. Six cars of
Eastern have been received thus far this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 110124 c for Gob
blers and 11012 c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
11016 c; Geese, per pair, $1 7302; Goslings. $1 75
<hz; Ducks. S4'j/S tor old ana $4(6P5 for youn«:
Hens. $3 5005; Young Roosters, $4 5C;g5 50: Old
Roosters, $404 50; Fryers, $4 £0; Broilers, $4
«*4 M) for lar»re and 13 ''i" 3 50 for small; Pig-eons.
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 5003 for squabs.
GAME— QuhII, $1 25@1 50: Mallard. 14Q5; Can
vasback, ?3®4; Sprig. $3@3 50; Teal. $202 50;
Widgeon. $202 25: Small Duck. $150; Doves.
75c per dozen; Hare, $1 50; Rabbits. $1 23®
2; Gray Geese, $3 5004; White. $1 30W1 75; Brant.
$1755>3; Honkers, $4 5*55; English Snipe, $2 50<£
3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no fixed price on creamery But
ter yesterday, as the market was at sea owing
to the fight mentioned In The Call. Dealers
reported sales all the way from 26c to 2S4c
and seeing that some of them are paying 26c
In the country there Is nothing strange about
the outside figure. Tha Butter business needs
overhauling more than any other line of trade
in California, and It will be at sixes and sevens
until an exchange is established. These fights
between dealers serve no other purpose than to
demoralize prices.
Cheese and Eggs were weak, and the latter
were quoted off again.
¦ BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26027 c, with
sales higher; seconds, 25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22«224c; good to choice. 19<9
20c; common. 130174 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old. 104 c;
Young America. 110114 c; Eastern. 154®16c;
Western, 134015 c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17013 c for store and 19021 c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
15017 c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned at $2®
2 25 for fancy large Navels. $1 4502 for choice
do and 95c05l 50 for standards. The Orange
market la now well supplied and weak, the
tendency being downward. Other fruits are
also abundant.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 35065 c per box foa^ttnmon. 73c© Jl
for Kood. Jl 2K*TI 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cap© Cod Cranberries. $407
per bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 EOifr! 25
per box: Seedlings, Eoc@l 25; Japanese Man
darins, $1 23; Pomelos. $I@2 50; Lemons. $lt?
1 50 for common and $202 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 5003; California Limes, 239
35c ;" Bananas, $1 751?3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 50@4 cer dozen.
Dried Fruits, ffuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 44c for
40-50's. 4©lV;c for 50-60's, 34c for/60-7<Ts. 3%0
for 70-80's. 3c for 80-9O's and 2%c for 90-IWB.
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals, 124016 c for Moor
parks and 12014 c for Blenheims; Peachea. 64®
6c for Standards. 6'i'CG'ic for choice and 708 c
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 100124 c: Evapo
rated Apples, 607 c; Sun-dried. 5®54c per lb:
Nectarines. 809 c: Pears. 34044 c for dark and
7©Be for bright halves: Black Figs. 2@24c:
White Figs, 2©3 c; Bleached Plums. B®9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@74c for pitted and 14c for
unpitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B'/»c: choice. 74c: standard, 64c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 54c;
3-crown, 6>4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c; Walnuts. 839 c for
standards and 9010 c for softshell; Almonds,
114©12 c for paper-shell. 9@loc for soft and 4jj
5c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5%56%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 74©8 c; Fil
berts. 12@124c: Pecans. 11013 c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5.
HONET— Comb. 114@12c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 7^c;
light amtxr extracted. 7U®74c: dark. 54£60
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
Quotations are firm and unchanged, with a
fair business.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9*c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light, 120
for extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@134c; Caljforni«»
Hams, nominal: Mess B«ref. *12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14: extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6»4©70 per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure
B%c; 10-lb tins. B%c: .%lb tins. Jc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7T4®S4o per lb; 10-lb
tins, 94c .-, ;¦
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 114@12c: medium, lie; light. 104 c; Cow
hides. 104 ! ff"c: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, He; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound. 19@20c; culls and brands!
17«?18c; Dry KID and Veai; 17j?lSc; Dry Calf li
«r2oc: Sheepskins, yearlings. l0??30c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each: medium. 70»g90c: long Wool
90c6n20 each; Horse Hides. $2 50@3 for Urre
and $1 2f??2 for small; Colts. 25®50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5<&54c per lb- No
2, 4f?44c; refined, «4c; grease, 24®3c
WOOL-
Fall dip. San Joaquln plains. 9®loc: South
ern. 8©l0c; Middle County. 11013 c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. l.et2oc; Eastern Oregon Ufiifie-
Valley Oregon, 18©20 c: Northern Mountain
free. 11014 c; Northern Mountain, defective 100
lie per lb. «¦.*. ¦¦ ' "
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— «%©7o per 1b for Steers and *36%e
for Cows.
VEAL— B@lOc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. B©B4c; ewes. 7Ufisc D«r
pound. *^
LAMB— Spring, 13c; yearlings. 8«?9c ocr ih
PORK-Ltve Hogs. C%c for null WBs*£ f O r
medium and ,6os4c for large; stock Hcjswd
feeders. 565% c; dressed Hogs, 7sS4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7©7% c; Wool Bags. 2S@3Oc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50- Seattle
$7: Bryant.' $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. !<?'•
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch _—-
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 SO -In bslc-v,'
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggs. $13; Cannel fii
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks. * * a
RlCE— China mixed. $4@4 05; China No 1.
$4 10@4 50; extra do. $4 90^5 10; Hawaiian $5©
6 25; Japan, $4 75©5; Louisiana, $5®7. w
SUOAii— The Western sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powl
dered, b%; Candy Granulated. 6%; Dry Gran
ulated. 64c: Confectioners' A. 54c; Magnotia
A 4*c: Extra c 4%: Golden C. 44c: bird's*
l-16c more; half -barrels, Me more; boxes,
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, • Jan. 26.— With Liverpool up %d
and Paris advanced 3%@3%c local . bulls were
almost embarrassed by their riches. The ses
sion opened with May wheat %®%c over yes
terday's close at 67%<{?67%c. The strength of
the English market was due principally to the
abandonment of Sp'lon Kop, ' that at Paris to
fresh reports of damages to the crop. On
profit-taking trades the market sold off to
674©67% c, where a reaction was caused by
the buying of shorts, May advancing to 68c.
Trading, which up to this point had been
active, became fairly quiet, with the price
alternately depressed by ¦ realizing and ad
vanced by the covering of shorts, hovering be
tween 67%5f67%c and 68c. The arrival of fresh
reports of damages to the French crop and a
cable saying that Rosarlo had been ordered
closed for ten days on account of the bu-
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Bradstreefe Financial
Review of the New York stock market to-
In spite of the increasing supplies of money
and further weakness In Interest rates, the
speculation In securities has this week been
of a decidedly slow, uninteresting kind. There
was an abundance of more or less favorable
developments. Including news that the British
force in Natal had obtained further advan
tages and that the London stock market had
on this Intelligence ehown marked relief from
the recent tension to which It was subjected,
though the effect of this was negatived by the
unfavorably news which came out on Friday.
There was some buying of our stocks for Lon
don on Thursday, but this failed to rouse the
sluggish spirit of the market. The real feat
ure of the week has been the continued Indis
position of the public to enter upon new specu
lative ventures and the subsequent absence Of
commission-house business of that nature. It
may be noted that the demand for bonds Is
quite fair. In some cases higher figures have
been made for favorite issues, and It Is also
noted that the buying power In the bond list
has* extended to the new and low-priced vari
eties, while, in view of the advanced figures
for and Email Income In yield upon gilt-edge
bonds, private Investors show a disposition to
take in their stead some of the safe dividend
paying stocks. Speculative attention was mainly
confined to the traction group of securities,
owing to Incidents which «?eem to point to a
combine under one control of the gas and
street railway facilities In Greater Now York,
or at least the boroughs of Manhattan and
Brooklyn.
The railroad share list was neglected. In
spite of good earnings by nearly every road
which has reported for the first three weeks of
January. The Granger stocks were also helped
by favorable opinions from the West about the
grain crop outlook.
In the Industrial group the reports of possible
labor troubles failed to have much effect, and
expectations about good dividends on the com
mon shares of the steel companies were again
current. All of these Incidents, or possible de
velopment*, failed, however, to develop any
buying power calculated to gl\-e the market an
appearance of life, and the, renewed ease of
money reemn simply to render holders of stocks
tenacious as to parting with them at the pres
ent rate of values.
The unexpected news on Friday morning that
the British forces In South Africa had lost the
position they captured from the Boers, with
the sharp break in consols and all classes of
stock at London, resulted in declines of a point
or iess throughout the active share list at New
York. There was. however, no extensive liquid
ation, and foreigners were the chief seller*. At
the decline shorts covered, and the market,
under somewhat discouraging circumstances,
Ehowed an appreciable degree of firmness.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.-FLOUR— Receipts,
19,164 barrels; exports, 15,950 barrels; advanced
EtjlOc with wheat; demand also stimulated, but
jobbers In most Instances wanted to trade on
basis of old asking prices. Minnesota patents.
$2 S(Xg3 05; Minnesota bakers', $2 SOS 3: winter
patents, {3 £5"Z3 80; winter Htralts. $3 40@3 45;
winter extras, $2 6032 85; winter, low grades,
|2 :o©2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 41,600 bushels: exports,
36,000 bushels; spot strong. No. 2 red, 76%e
f. o. b. afloat prompt: No. 2 red. 74% c elevator.
Options opened strong at 4c advance. Influenced
by higher cables and cold weather west. The
greatest strength was attained in the after
noon, however, on a scare of shorts, started
by an advance of CO to 90 points at Paris and
alleged confirmation of crop damage. Market
closed strong, We net advance. March closed
75% c; May, 73 13-16Q74%c. closed 74% c; July
closed 74?»c.
HOPS— Quiet
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER-Firm.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, net un
changed to 6 points lower. Total sales were
20.250 bags. Including: January, $6 90; March.
$6 Ss©7; May, $7 0507 10; July. $7 10<ff7 15; Sep
tember, $7 25@7 30- December. $7 Zmi 40. Spot
coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice. 3%c: No. 7
Jobbing. B%c. Mild— Steady; Cordova, S%@l2%c
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Rumored sales at prices
given: Fair refining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96
test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3 11- 16 c Refined,
firm but quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5961 packages; steady.
June creamery. 20@23c; Western creamery, 21@
EGGS— Receipts. 8552 packages: weak, west
ern, 19, loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
14ffl8c.
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated apples were quiet and rather
weak, owing to large receipts and unfavorable
country advices. There was considerable pres
sure to realize, and at the close the tendency
wa« downward.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6<ffG%c; prime, 7®7%c; choice, 7%ftBUc; fancy.
84IJT9C.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-34@8c per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13(ffl5e; Moorpark. 15@lRe.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20!g23c; unpeeled, 74©
10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— Improvement In the
English metal market and a quickening of de
mand here had a strengthening effect on the
tin and spelter markets to-day, causing a slight
uplift In prices of the former. The rest of tha
lint, however, was nervous and devoid of spe
cial feature. At the close the Metal Exchange
quoted:
PlOlRON— Warrants dull.
TIN — Firm at 128 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16#18 60.
LEAD-Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for cop
per $16 50.
SPELTER— Firm but quiet, with $4 70 bid and
$4 SO asked.
S^w York Wheat Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— Speculation !n wheat
was unusually active to-day, the. bulls obtain
ing a grip on the market that resulted in lUc
advance. An advance of 34c a bushel in Paris
wheat, attended by confirmation of crop dam
age rumors, brought on heavy covering by
local Interests and considerable Investment
buying likewise. In addition to this strong
news the market was influenced by reports
that Rosarlo. in the Argentine, had been closed
by the plague. May wheat in this market,
after opening strong at 73% c, sold up In the
last hour to 74Tic and closed nervous at 73% c.
It was, In fact, the biggest day that bulls
have seen In months and sentiment was cor
respondingly buoyant.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
bonic plague caused heavy purchasing by
shorts. The cold weather without snow was
also a consideration. May advanced to 684 c.
at which It closed, 4c over yesterday. During
the last- hours business was animated. -Com-,
mission houses ' bought heavily for foreign In
terests.
¦Country offerings of corn became freer, giv
ing the market a tone of easiness bordering
on weakness. May closed a shade under yes
terday at 33V4©33Uc
The oats market, quiet early and disposed
to be easy, became more active later and in
fluenced by the strength of wheat turned firm.
May closed at the top, 4c over yesterday.
The provision market was strong and higher
In spite of the liquidation by interests which
until to-day were buyers. May pork closed
74c over yesterday; May lard 24@5c up, and
May ribs 74c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows: -
week, and the same Is true of. sugars, which
are active in Jobbing lines. A fractional ad
vance in refined sugars is to be noted and raws
retain all their old strength. The egg market
has been considerably relieved by large ex
ports of stored sorts. '
The iron trade is in a very Interesting con
dition Just at present. Buyers and • sellers ¦ are
etlll apart, uncertainty as to the continuance
of present conditions constituting a bar to new
business. Steel is reported by large Interests
as in good demand and some considerable sales
of rails and of structural material are re
ported. Some Improvement in export demand
is also noted, the question of ocean freights
being an important one In this connection.
Other metals remain fairly steady. The hard
ware business is of satisfactory proportions for
this season of the year. The open season is
having some effect upon coal prices, which are
reported easier at Philadelphia. The cereal
markets have shown little decided movement
this week, stronger cables, based partly on
damage to French and Russian crops and partly
on report of plague in the Argentine, furnish
ing a slight strengthening force to wheat prices,
offsetting further Increase in domestic stocks.
Corn has remained In good demand on liberal
export business and prices remain steady.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.551.197 bushels, against 3,061.
126 bushels last week, 4,997,562 bushels In the
corresponding vvt-t-k of 1899 5.026.024 bushels In
IS2B, 2.515,408 bushels in 1597, and 2,550,206 bush
eh in 1896.
Since July 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 117,385,528 bushels, against 144,232,241
bushels last year and 146,694,998 bushels In 1597
1898.
•Business failures for the week number 252. as
compared with 255 last week; 246 in the week
a. year aro. 2SS in IS9B, 326 in 1897 and 393' in
ISOfi. Canadian failures for the week number 39,
as compared with 35 last week and 32 In this
week a year aro.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
more; 50-16 bags, %c more. No orders taken
for lesa than 73 barrels or Its equivalent.
Doxnlnos. half-barrels, 5T«c; boxes. 6V»c per nx
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY 21
Flour, qr ska — 19,563:1
Wheat, ctls 67.5 V.M
Barley, ctls 3.63.V I
Oats, ctls 6lu S
Corn. East 600; I
Hye. ctls 4<«)U
Cheese, ctls 70 S
Butter, ctls tSO\i
Tallow, ctls- HjC
Beans, sks 2.2J4 I
Potatoes, sks .... 5.4.-.SM
Bran, sks 1.235 I
Middlings, sks .. 271J1
Alfalfa, Utah 2n-.r
OR EG
Oats, ctla ISO!
Hops, bales XSS
Wool, bags 3
Hay. tons 713
Straw, tons 10
Lime, bbls 455
Chicory, bbls .... ij
Sugar, bhla r»n>
Sugar, ska 2.115
Quicksilver, fisks 115
Kcrgs, doz 9.120
Wine, sals M.»ki
Leather, rolls .... '72
Hides, no 313
Pelts, bdls -.. 11
JON.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clos.
1 Wheat No. 2—2 —
January B>4 664 654 664
May 67% 684 674 684
July CB% 694 654 «>H
Corn No. 2—
January 31 31*4 30% 31*4
May 31% 33% 33 33%
July 33% 33% Z3% 33%
Oats No. 2—
January 22% 2214
May 234 234 23% 234
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January .... .... 10 80
May 10 80 10 83 10 75 10 85
July 10 90 10 90 10 824 10 90
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 685 5 874 685 6 874
May 6 00 6 05 6 00 6 054
July 6 074 6 124 6 074 6 124
Short Ribs per 100 pounds —
January 6 75
May 680 6 824 6 774 6 824
July.... 6 90
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat. 63@64c : No. 2 red, 684®
68% c; No. 2 corn. Sl4c; No. 2 oats. 23#234c: No.
2 white. 254@25%c; No. 3 white. 25@254c; No. 2
rye, 52354 c; No. 2 barley, 3S@43e; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 52; prime timothy seed, $2 60; mess pork,
$9 25@10 05; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 75@5 924: short
rib side's (loose). $5 65@5 95; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 54@5%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$5 9C@6; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 234; sugars, cut, loaf, 6c; granulated.
6.44 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 47.000 46.000
Wheat, bushels 27.000 116.000
Corn, bushels 306,000 171.000
Oats, bushels 269.000 245,000
Rye, bushels 16,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 83.000 41.000
On the Produce • Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, 1 13® 24c; dairy,
IS£t22c; cheese,' firm, 12-gl3c; eggs, steady,
fresh, 15c.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 6 9% 6 9
Closing 6 9% 6 9%
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 30 20 15
Closing 19 90 20 90
Flour-
Opening 25 40 26 80
Closing 26 15 27 05
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— R. G. Dun & Co.'« Re
view of Trade to-morrow will say:
No news Is always good news. New business
for manufacturers this year has been light In
some branches and much below the production
last month. It Is, perhaps, too often forgotten
that the industries start this year with larger
contracts ahead i than ever before; and when
half the work of the whole year has been or
dered in advance there cannot continue quite
the same activity In new buying. The woolen
manufacturer has Just opened a new season
with the largest transactions ever known In a
single week, it is eald, but In most other lines
contracts previously booked would make simi
lar activity impossible. Tet there is . seen
enough of hesitation caused by advanced prices
to make inactivity trying. Distribution to con
sumers throughout the country is rapid and
large, especially In quarters where It has been
feared that retailers were overbuying, bo that
there ia strong confidence in the future.
. It could not be expected that business would
adjust itself without any embarrassment to
any such a rise of prices as has occurred.
Early in December wool rose too high for prices
then obtainable for woolen goods, and weeks
of dullness followed. The boot and shoe manu
facturers are receiving small orders, as Jobbers
pay the prices asked only for such limited sup
plies as are needed for sorting; but their ur
gency to receive goods heretofore ordered is
mJtrked, and shipments from Boston have been
380,963 cases In four ¦ weeks, about 4 per cent
more than in 1898 and 16 per cent more than in
IS9S, with greater increase over every other
year. Leather is Inactive and slightly weaker,
in spite of heavy exports, and hides are yield-
Ing at Chicago with accumulation of stock. s
Iron and steel prices have been yielding for
6everal weeks, and are a shade lower for prod
ucts than at any other time since the middle of
September, though Bessemer pig and billets
are still bo scarce and firmly held that only
two sales amounting to 8000 tons are anywhere
reported. Agreements to hold the price of bars
do not prevent sales at Philadelphia for $2,074
of Iron considered by buyers best refined, ac
cording to the Iron Age. Sellers call it com
mon, and plates and sheets are both irregular
there, with narrow plates sold at Plttaburg be
low {2.25. Structural shapes are not quoted
lower, but the New York Central contract for
13,000 tons of bridge material went to Pennsyl
vania, Penyod and Detroit works, and two or
ders for 25,000 tons of rails are taken at Chi
cago. Last year 13,620,703 tons of pig were pro
duced, according to the official record, the con
sumption being 13,374,277 tons. In minor metals
tin only has been active, January options being
quoted at 274 cents.
Wheat has advanced to 75% cents, with no
clear reason for such a sharp advance. Re
ceipts are small, in four weeks only 10.954.92S
bushels, against 17,200,297 last year; but the
Atlantic exports have been only 7,737.474 bush
els, flour included, against 11,037,383 last year.
Pacific exporls show a little gain, amounting
to 3,311,236 bushels for the same four weeks,
against 2.175,243 last year; but this Is of no aid
to Atlantic markets. Exports of corn still show
that American food Is wanted abroad, having
been in four weeks 13,482.792 bushels, against
12,370,564 last year. Nevertheless the price of
cash corn has declined about % of a cent, al
though option prices are about the same as at
the close last week.
Failures for the week have been 231 In the
United States, against 224 last year, and S3 in
Canada, acalnst 33 last yeaj.
New York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. Jan. 86.— The first s*rie« of the
colonial wool sales for this year closed to
day. The offerings to-day numbered 13.154
bales and consisted of rather fair catalogues.
Competition In merinos was good, especially the
Continent. New Zealand crossbreds were In
active demand and were taken by the home
trade at full rates. Good lines of scoured
stock were taken by the American representa
tives. During the series there were many with
drawals. The home trade purchased 47.000
bales, the Continent 36,000 bales and America
4000 bales. There were 57,000 bales carried over.
After the strength of the last series and en
couraging trade conditions and short supplies
another rise was generally expected at the
opening of the present series. But Instead
the sales opened with hesitation on the part
of buyers. Minor crossbreds sold par to 5 per
cent, but s<jpn eased off to 74 to 10 per cent
below the December series. This weakness
was due to the dear money conditions and the
unsettled political conditions In South Africa.
The Continental buyers were rather cautious
at first and the home trade was quiet In their
speculations owing to the healthy trade re
ports. Later operators became more conn
dent, especially the Continental and American
buyers, and as. a result prices advanced consid
erably, particularly for coarse and medium
crossbreds and fine creasy merinos. The clos
ing: tone of the series was steady at about De
cember rates and occasionally 5 per cent
hlßher. . Cape of Good Hope, and Natal wools
were neglected and largely withdrawn.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 26.— Clearings. $:39,776; bal
ances, {60,667.
Northern Wheat, Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 26.— A good article of
Walla Walla Wheat can be worked at 61c and
52c, and better has been paid. Heavy Wheat
for milling purposes might command a shade
more, but It Is not worth It from an export
standpoint. For a small lot of Valley 61a was
paid.
Cleared — Brltl6h bark Cambrian Warrior, for
Queenstown. with 80.552 bushels Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 28.— Wheat— Club, 61c; Blue
Stem, Uc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 26.— Consols, 10074; silver. 27
7-16 d; French rentes, IOOf 24c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1 standard Califor
nia. 29e 3d; English country markets, steady.
. LIVERPOOL, Jan. 26.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 24dff6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, strong; flour In Paris, strong; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter firm,
Es 94d; No. 1 Northern spring firm. 6s 114 d;
No. 1 California, 6s 24d©*>s 3d. Futures, steady;
March, 5s 9%d; May, 6a 9%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new firm. 3s
5V4d: old firm, Sg 6d. Futures, steady: Janu
ary, 8s 64d; February, 3s 5%d; March, 8s 6%d.
? ¦
10Demand for Symphony Seats.
The second of the series of symphony
concerts, under the direction of Henry
Holmes, will take place at the Grand
Opera-house next Thursday afternoon at
3:15. The orchestra will number thirty
muslciana for this occasion and the pro
gramme will Include works of Tschalkow
pki. Beethoven, Schubert and Cherubini
The sale of seats will begin this morning
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, and a large de
mand is expected.
eEmi(Ulitiiitii!imt"imtimiiiiimKiti»nii!i«"">i'«'»" tttnimllfll " tI " mm nmmiiiininni
I OVER 6,000,000 BOXES SOLO YEARLY,
I The reason P ' E& E PI/ja avft^ een
I There 5s a reason for everything, end the reason for the popularity of Beecham's Pills
= is, that they f.n all the requirement* of a general antidote lor ALL BILIOUS AND
= NERVOUS DISORDERS in a more satisfactory manner than any proprietary medicine
= ever placed before tho public, Beechan's Pills arc brought before your notice, and,
= whether you require tbcm or not— if not today, you may tomorrow— wheD the necessity
s arises you should, in your own interest, take them- The reasonfor .their need; U often
r best known u> yourself. bat be that as it may, you will Bhow good Judgment by taking
r then: in reatoc&ble doses, and doing so is as simple as AB C.
= The enormous safe of Beeduxn's PIUs has been achieved without the publication
I of testimonials, the fact being that Beecham's PDIs recommend themselves.
: SoW everywhere, in boxes, zo cents and 25 cents each.
It is quite natural for a full man to ap-
pear occupied.
For St. Mary's Square.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
has decided to grant the request of the
City Attorney in the matter of advertis
ing the commencement of condemnation
proceedings against the owners of prop
erty on the proposed site of St. Mary's
square. The City Attorney recently In
formed the Board of Supervisors that
summons had been served on all the prop
erty owners and that the first case would
be tried on February 26. Many of the
owners reside in France and other foreign
countries and it is thought that the pro
ceedings will be long drawn out on that
account. Attorney Chadbourne was pres
ent when the committee decided to ad
vertise and he expressed his thanks at
the action, which means the eventual ac
qulrement of the property for the Bquare
Why
I Left
the
Church.
By REV. J. C MadNNES.
What It Costs a Prima
Donna to Dress.
St. Patrick's Alliance.
St. Patrick's Alliance of America will
hold its annual convention in B'nai B'rlth
Hall Monday evening.
Burglar Held to Answer.
Joseph E. Gilligan, alias Howard, a
crook from Colorado, was held to answer
yesterday before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabaniss on the charge of burglary
in $2000 bonds for breaking into the Capi
tol Restaurant, 20C McAllister street. Ho
was also held in a similar amount on a
charge of forgery for passing a forged
check for Jl2 on T. J. Clancy, a saloon
keeper at 222 McAllister rtreet.
Thief Sentenced.
Charles Woodruff got a double lesson
yesterday in Judge Conlan'fl court. He
stole a revolver belonging to Samuel A.
Garrett. a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel, and when arrested was charged
with petty larceny and carrying a con
cealed weapon. The Judge sentenced
him to three months in the County Jail
for petty larceny and fined him 1.9), with
th<* alternative of fifty days in jail, for
carrying the concealed weapon which he
had stolen.
Jn the
Sunday
Call.
JANUARY 28, 1900.
TOOK FRENCH LEAVE.
Overwhelmed with the desire for free
dom. Private William Johnson, Company
C, Ninetteenth Infantry, took French
leave yesterday and he is nowhere to be
found. He was in the guardhouse await
ing trial for desertion, and it was his
own fault that he was under detention,
for he gave himself up last December
just in time to get a Christmas dinner
from the Government. He was assigned
to auty as janitor cf the guardhouse yes
terday, and just at the change of guard
he saw his chance and left. Sergeant
Sidney Savage of Battery O, Thira Ar
tillery, was in charge of the guard, and
he was placed under arrest for allowing
the prisoner to escape, but It was none
of his fault. His detention will not be
for long.
The bodies taken from the Peking are
all In the storehouses awaiting tho ac
tion of relatives. They will be kept for
some weeks, and then those about which
nothing has been heard will be interred
at the Presidio.
In obedience to Instructions from Gen
eral Shatter, Colonel Long, depot quar
termaster, Is preparing a statement con
taining the various reports on the fitness
of the Manuense for sea, submitted to
him before she sailed. These reports will
be sent to the War Department.
How Uncle Sam
Watches the Immi-
grant and Catches
the Smuggler.
Pacific Coast Musicians.
Xext Monday evening the Pacific Coast
Musicians' Union of the Knights of Labor
will give an anniversary entertainment,
smoker and high Jinks in ti.e banquet hall
of the Native Sons' building.
GIGAX WAS INSANE.
Had Attempted to Commit Suicide
Several Months Ago.
The body of Conrad Gigax. who was
found drowned in the bay three days afro,
was positively identified at the Morgue
yesterday by A. G. Gigax of Ashland, a
brother of the deceased, and by F. D. Orr
of Willows.
On the day after Gigax left his home
at Dunsmuir his wife received a letter
from him stnting that he intended to
drown hlmsflf in San Francisco Bay. Ho
also notified her that he had shipped to
her l>y express his gold watch and Jew
elry, together with all the money, fJTOD,
which he had drawn from a bank in this
city. The letter was written in the United
States Hotel.
Cierax attempted suicide last August by
shooting himself in the head with a re
volver. It is believed that he was insane.
Lecture on Cruelty to Animals.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals has arranged for a series
of monthly lectures to be delivered under
its ausrices, commencing February 1. The
first of the aeries will be delivered next
Thursday evening by David Starr Jordan
on the subject. "Feelings of Animals."
The use of the parlors of the Occidental
Hotel has been kindly donated by Mrs.
Major Hoooper.
Lawrence Found Guilty.
OAKLAM', Jan. 2C.— Frank Lawrence,
who about two years ago struck Alex
Rlgdi over the head with a baseball bat,
chipping off a piece of the latters scalp,
was to-day- con victed by a jury of an as
sault with a deadly weapon. Shortly
after the assault. Lawrence flftd and was
not apprehended until quite recently. He
will be sentenced next Monday by 'Judge
Greene.
last August from St. Louis, where he
was employed as a conductor on one of
the street railways. He sent word horn.
then that he was going to Alaska. Since
then they have heard nothing from him.
They Co not believe he has gone to
Alaska, and they cannot understand his
disappearance. He has his name and his
company tattooed on his left arm.
Fears Enemies and Poison.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2C— William F. Van
Gent, a painter, was taken to the Oak
land Receiving Hospital this evening to
be treated for ery.-ipelas. Van Gent is
eccentric. He refuses to take nourish
ment because he imagines enemies are.
trying to poi&on him. He charges a
neighbor with having put cyanide of po
numlmn in his beans and frogs in his bed
ding. He resides in the rear of 2214 Pa
cilic avenue.
ON TENNIS COURTS.
Three tournaments are on the tapis at
the California Tennis Club, and the men
and women players are out In force, mak
ing the best of the fair weather.
This afternoon the second of the rourid
robln doubles tournaments for the club
prizes will be concluded. All the teams are
entered and the competition is strong. Th*»
Whitney brothers, despite the handicaps
allowed all other teams, seem to have tha
best of the argument as far as this series
of tournaments has progressed.
On February 1 the lady racket wieldera
of the club will hold a championship tour
nament. Miss Hoffman is taking charge,
arousing Interest in the sport and persui l
ing the young lady players to enter the
lists. Th«? tournament will be a scratch
event and for prizes.
The big meeting of the month will bo
on Washington's birthday, when the an
nual midwinter club singles for gentle
men Is held. The entries for this tourna
ment will be numerous, and as It is a
class event every player will have a
chance.
CAME TOO LATE WITH
HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
LITTLE LEW LIN GIN GOT OFF
Oil THE CHINA.
Attorney D. K. McKinlay appeared In
the United States District Court yester
day afternoon and asked to have the
passenger agent of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company cited for contempt
for having disobeyed the writ of habeas
corpus issued by Judge de Haven requir
ing the immediate production of Lew Lin
Gin. a Chinese boy of the nge of four and
a half years, alleged to have been secret
ed on the steamer China.
The boy's parents are Chinese residents
of this city. He arrived from China
about a year ago and was denied a land
ing by the Collector. He was placed in
the Chinese Presbyterian Mission Home
for safe keeping and, all his legal rights
having been exhausted, he was placed on
board the steamship China for deporta
tion. The writ of habeas corpus was
served by a Deputy I'nited States Mar
shal on A. G. D. Kerrell, passenger agent
of the Pacific Mall Company, who made
the following return on the back of the
writ:
'This writ was received by me at the
dock at 12:55 p. m. yesterday, five min
utes before the appointed hour of sailing
of the China, on which vessel this boy
was supposed to be. Upon receiving the
within writ careful and diligent search
was made on the ship by the company's
agent, but no response was made to re
peated calls of his name in the place
where Chinese passengers congregate. In
view of the failure to locate him I am
unable to produce the body of the with
in named.'
Judge de Haven declined to take any
further proceedings in the matter unless
upon affidavit and Mr. McKinlay retired
to obtain the necessary papers.
Threatens to Kill Her Sister.
OAKLAND. Jan. M.— Mrs. Mary Clyr.es,
aged 50 years, residing at 05s Magnolia
street, was brought this afternoon to the
Receiving Hospital, charged with insanity
by her sister. Mrs. B. Sullivan. The
women are next-door neighbors and Mrs.
Sullivan claims that Mrs. Clynes has re
peatedly threatened to kill her, clalmlnq
that she was withholding money belong
ing to her. Mrs. Clynes spent some tinio
In an insane asylum about ten years ago.
S'.:e will b» oxarnined to-morrow by Drs.
Myra Knox and Medros.
FREEMAN SAYS
HE DOES NOT
DEFY THE LAW
Only Fears Ex-Wife's
Horsewhip.
OAKLAND. Jsn. 26.— Thomas B. Free
man claims thxit he cannot pay his di
vorced wife alimony because she will r.ot
allow h!m to work and earn money
enough to obey the order of the court.
He denies that he "boasts defying th"
authority of the courts, is deaf to the
voice of duty or sneers at the majtsty
of the law." as his ox-wife. Sarah Free
man, charges. He asserts that if she will
let him alop.e long- enough to get a fair
tiart in life and <lo some business he
will eventually pay her the $2) monthly
alimony ordered by Judge Greene; but
tliat he will never be able to do this if
h^ie hauls him into court continually and
Threatens to horscwhin him whenever she
<<-ej- him rpeakins to a woman.
Freeman has beer. ciu-<i to appear b.~
fore Judge Kllsworth on February 5 ti>
Ebow oaupe why he should not bo pun
ished for contempt of court in dlsobe.
;:.z xh(- alimony order until there is now
Jue Mrs. Free-man 5C34.
Mrs. Freeman was granted her divorce
several y«ars ago on the ground of in
ti'ielity. Mr*. Eva Bryson was named :n
i.fr complaint as co-respondent, and th<;
ex-wife proposes to show that Freeman's
money has been spent the past few years
in his entertaining Mrs. Bryson at thea
ter partk-s and balls.
A WIFE WHO WOULD
NOT BE SANCTIFIED
OAKLAND. Jan. 2C— Mrs. Olive Thack
gave her «nnctl!ied husband JlOOO to de
posit for hfr and now she can find neither
money, lank nor man.
According to her story told to Prosecut
ing Attorney Abe Leach to-day she has
i :i rubbed and BtOSt cruelly deserted by
her husband, Hey. Janus Thack, a Meth-
CiliSL .«»i<ri preacher. Three years ago
>iie married nim i:i Pennsylvania, liut
his tiesMre to fave souls waned and he
louse*! '"I" tfcilu, *£> ho left me pulpit to
wor* in the- mines at l^eaavillo, Colo.
In the mining town one night he attend
eu a revival ana curve hume resanctined.
lit- wanted Ins Wire to become sanctified
too. but *ne rebelled. Thereafter he re
fu&ed to work ana returned to street
preaching. Then he moved on the sinning
iwpulace at Denver, exhorting sinners tv
on ¦anctlfled, while Airs. Thac\c supported
nun and their two children by tatting m
sewing.
The evil day. however, arrived when,
a month ago. .vis. Thack received an in
heritance «ji JitfM from an aunt. Mrs.
I hack's confiaence in her t-anctitled hus
band was such that she allowed him to
TaKe the money to aeposit it tor her. She
has been uiuuue to learn where the money
or her husband has gor.«' A few weeks
ago a fritnet lolti ncr ne had seen Rev.
'luack In Oakland. So she left her chil
dren with friends and hurried to this
city, hoping to locate hi:n here. She call
eu on Proytrcun.r Leach for advice in her
cearcb aim it tne Rev. James Thack is
lound he will be railed to account.
Another pitiful talr- was lolil Prosecutor
Leach to-uay by Charles Wilson, aged 60
years and feeble, whu asked for an order
lor his son's salary. He said he was
about to be ejected troni Ms lodgings
and that his iS-year-old sou William, wtta
U a coachman, drafting a good salary,
refuses to contribute a cent toward his
support. When told by the prosecutor
thai he could do nothing lor him the
feeble man wept bitterly.
WORKING FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF OAKLAND.
FOR A WEEK HIS
MEMORY PROVED
A TOTAL BLANK
Thought He Had Been
Vivisected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 28.
For the past five days Frank Finley's
identity has been lost to himself; his
memory has been a blank, and during tha
interim he has been suffering most hor
rifying hallucinations as the result of a
sunstroke on the battle-fields of Cuba.
Finley was arrested for insanity last
Tuesday night. He had wildly rushed inta
a shoestore at Eighth and Clay streets,
and, crouching behind a counter, shouted
that he was being pursued by men with
guns. He was piaced In the Insane ward
at the Receiving Hospital. It is apparent
he did not know even his name. He gave
the names of Frank Rylands and Frank
Kenney, and said he lived in Hoboken.
Had he been examined by the Lunacy
Commissioners yesterday undoubtedly he
would have been sent to a madhouse, but
there was an unusual delay in his case
owing to the difficulty of learning any
thing about his antecedents. To-day he
experienced a lucid period; his reason and
memory returned n> him as suddenly a*
they had temporarily vanished.
"I came over to Oakland last Monday."
said Finley this afternoon, "to go to work
at Pinole. I was walking along a street
when suddenly I realized that I had lost
my blankets and bundle of clothing. I
couldn't remember what I had done with
these, nor could I remember anything
else. I forgot that I was bent on going
to Pinole, but I imagined that I had been
placed In the City Prison and shot
through the head, the bullet coming out
at my chin. An operation was performed
and new skin was grafted on the bullet
wound. Then I thought I was removed to
some other place, where a doctor cut me
In a thousand pieces, even slicing my eye
balls and my heart. Oh. the pain I suf
fered was something terrible. Death
finally relieved me, and I remained dead
for a week. I was surprised when I
awoke this morning to find myself In this
place, without pain and uninjured."
Drs. Buteau anil Blood, who acted as*
Lunacy Commissioners, promptly dis
charged the young man, though marvel-
Ing at his strange experience.
Finley was a cavalryman during the bat
tle near Santiago, over a year and a half
ago, and while fighting for t'nele Sam
suffered a sunstroke, to which he attri
butes his strange experience of this week.
He resides on Howard street, near
Fourth. San Francisco, and is 27 years old.
baters' pins to the members of the inter
collegiate and Carnot teams.
President Wheeler addressed the meet
ing lie said: "There ought to be more
rtudent gatherings. We must have onu
every Friday at this, the students' hour.
We must have a big rally the first
\\ ednenday evening of each month. These
things are well worth our while, for they
foster the growth of that student loyalty
which we are all striving to nourish in
cur rnid?t."
A committee was appointed to draw up
"ii amendment to the constitution provid
ing for the appointment of a graduate
football coach at a salary of ?UXX>. Should
fuch an amendment be adopted Ransome.
the great fullback, would probably receive
the appointment.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
A Missing Soldier.
The family of J. W. Andru*. late pri
vate of Company L, Fourth Missouri In
'antry, is anxiously Wlßhing for him to
< on-.municate with them. He disappeared
Co-ed life at Stanford Uni-
versity — read about it and Bee
the splendid photos published
in connection with the article
in next Sunday's Call.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway, Jan. 2iJ.
THE organization of the citizens' bond committee last
evening Is the most important move that has been
made for the advancement of bondo since that sub
ject was advanced by Mayor Snow in his first mes
sage to the City Council nearly a year ago. That this
should be a voluntary organization lends additional value
to it, for it then becomes an unselfish and a non-political
movement. That there is plenty of earnest intent among
the members is shown by the large attendance at the first
meeting, fully three-quarters of those invited being pres
ent.
The committee accomplished a great deal for Its first
meeting. It not only elected officers but launched Its work
and adopted full plans of procedure. All that is now being
waited for !fs the announcement of the executive commit
tee and the working sub-committees. These appointments
are in the hands of Chairman Warren Olney, who asked
that a little time be given him to study the list of members
of the general committee.
The officers are men of weight in Oikland. Warren
Olney is an attorney and a resident of the Second Ward.
First Vice President John A. Britton Is the general man-
ager of the Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company, and
has long been connected with propositions for the advance
ment cf Oakland. Second Vice President J. S. Wixon lives
in North Oakland, where he is a prominent merchant.
Third Vice President A. Schilling is a San Francisco mer
chant and a resident of the Fifth Ward, in which he has
taken much interest. D. Edward Collins is tho president
of tho California Bank, and has been connected with many
affairs for Oakland's betterment. Secretary H. F. Gordon
is a prominent insurance man.
The plan of campaign that Is to be carried out is a very
practical one. Sub-committees will be appointed to con
sider each separate proposition »hat is to be submitted to
the people. These committees will consult with engineers,
architects, contractors and men with Ideas upon their par
ticular branch of the bond issue. They will gather data,
figures and information from all sources, and will then
present their reports to the general committee. When
tliis is done the general committee will present Its recom
mendations to the City Council, and that body will be
asked to pass upon them.
¦ The executive committee will pass upon all new mat
ters that may come before the general committee.
COURT NOTES.
Otto Frank, who always claims to be
insane when arrested, was held to answer
yesterday before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of burglary in
$2UOO bonds for breaking into the room of
Louis Simon, 12 1 ") Larkln street, and
stealing a full dress suit.
W. Lakeland, an attorney from Manila,
who was arrrested for raising a disturb
ance at the entrance to the Orpheum
Thursday night, tailed to appear in Judge
Slogan's court yesterday morning. His
bail was declared forfeited and a. bench
warrant issued tor his arrest.
In the case of Warren Main, charged
with the killing of William Kennedy on
September 21 last, the testimony for tht
profecution has been closed and wit
nesses for the defense were put on the
stand. Officer Tillman said tliat he had
seen Kennedy drunk and quarrelsome
beveral times. Other witnesses testitied
as to the previous good character of the
defendant and the case went over till
this morning.
Patrick Boland picked up twelve votes
yesterday during the recount of the bal
lots In the contest for .ac office of Pub
lic Administrator instituted by John
Farnham. The recount Is proceeding at
the rute of ten precincts a day and it will
be several days yet before the result can
be definitely determined.
EXPERT'S REPORT ON
THE DELANOY LETTERS
5 .
>
?
? LAMEDA, Jan. 26.— The report
* // W of a writing expert, who has
? J/ — *\ been employed determining the
8 ** authorship of the several
* anonymous communications received
? by F. N. Delanoy, will be given out
• for publication Monday. What the
? nature of its contents are none but in
3 terested parties know, but it is said
? that the direct accusations made
S against George W. Ernmons by De
i lanoy are not sustained by the re
? port.
, The expert has been at work in the
f Interest of Delanoy, E. K. Taylor, his
• rtttorney, and Emmons and Charles E.
? Naylor, his attorney. The work has
5 been v confined to the comparison of
? the handwriting in an anonymous
* letter received by Delanoy's wife ten
i years ago and the famous "Alameda
t J Highbinder Society" postal card.
. It van on the similarity between the
, writing on these two missives that De
5 lanoy based his attack by Innuendo
• on Emmons. He declared them to
I have been written by the same person
• and that they compared strikingly
5 with Emmons' signature. He traced
' a Connection between the several
* typewritten letters he received and
» Emmons by showing that the paper
they are written on is the kind usual- <
ly enwrapping newspaper blank, .
which is hauled by the drayage firm J
of M'hich Emmons is a member. .-";"¦•
Delanoy's first experience with S
anonynmous letters was ten years j
ago. His wife received one attack- '
ing the character of her husband. De- j
lanoy's next similar experience was •
January 1. A typewritten missive 5
warned him to leave town under pain •
of death for disobedience. For a j
period after that he received a letter •
dally. The final missive came *n the 5
form of a postal card by "Tong No. 1,
Alameda Highbinder Society," the S
members of which disavow it. •;, j
The expert, aside from clearing Em- *
mons of any suspicion in the matter, ,
does not seem to have done much .
toward clearing up the mystery. <>j
Chutes after the regular performance
this evening. Among the contestants will
be Bert Stone and Annie Kelly, the pies
ent champions of the coast; Everani
Brown and Kate Beatty, champions oi
San Francisco; Harry Segger and Birdie
Phloen, champions of Southern Califor
nia; Ed McCurry and Mlnette Williams,
winners of the International contest at
Portland; Master Freddie Keene and
Iren6 WJlson, Juvenile champions, and
Baby Ruth and Helen Dunn. Little Miss
Ruth is the smallest cake pedestrian be
fore the public, and Is only three years of
age.
pectations, Margaret P. Cahill has not
seen fit to answer the divorce complaint
of her husband, Christopher C. Cahill. To
day her default was entered and the cause
referred to Court Commissioner Babcock
for thej>urpose of taking testimony. This
is the fourth divorce suit of the Cahills.
The husband charges cruelty. He asserts
that his spouse is all too ready to hurl
dishes at nis head when a fit of anger
seizes her. The parties reside at Dlmond,
near Fruitvale.
Eddy Will Play.
To-morrow Clarence Eddy, the organ
ist will play in the morning and even
insr in Grace Cathedral. On Tuesday
evening he will appear at the Templa
Emanu-El, on Sutter street. Mr. Eddy
Is now on his sixth tour through this
country. He has always received a warm
welcome in this city.
STUDENTS NAME CANDIDATES
Muma and Shuey Will Race for the
Football Managership.
BERKELEY. Jan. 2«.— The ftm meeting \
of the year of the Associated Students i
was called to order at noon by President |
F. <3. Dorety to consider nominations j
for football manager for next season. W. j
A. Shuey tB was first placed in nomlna- •
tion and the nominations were closed, but j
were lmm«*diately reoponed and L J. I
Muma. this year's manager, was nomi
nated for re-election.
Big C - s were granted to the new mem- <
Iwrs of the varsity football squad and do- j
SERVIANS CELEBRATE
A NATIONAL HOLIDAY
BANQUET IN HONOR OF THE
MEMORY OF SAN SAVAS.
Two Hundred Members of the Ser-
vian-MontenegTin Literary and
Benevolent Society Make
Merry.
If San Sava<;. th<> great Servian patriot,
could have been present in the flesh lr-sr
evening at a celebration and banquet
given in his honor at Lodge Hall. 16u5 Polk
street, he couid not have failed to expe
rience a sense of pride and s=atislaction
at the evidence given by his people of
their gratitude for the deeds he had done
n their behalf. The celebration of the
Servian national holiday was conducted
under the auspices of th* Servian-Mont*
m-grin Literary and Benevolent Society,
and about 2"0 mf-mbrrs et the organization
were present, accompanied by their wives
cr sweethearts.
The hall was artistically decorated f.»r
th<» occasion with Ftrenmers and bunting,
while the president'? <Jai? was emboweu-d
with the intermtnclcd folds of the Ameri
can and the Servian flaps. The tables
were laden with all kinds of delicacies,
and the sentiment? of the speakers wc-tv
uttered to the merry refrain of popping
corks and huzzas.
After the banquet President M. K.
Tapovaz introduced in turn Dr. \ . \J.
Veckie F Zahn and S. Jfllch, who made
brief speeches on the objects of the or
ganization, the struggles of the mother
count ry and the love felt by Slavonians
generally for the land of thoir adoption..
A literary and musical programme f ol ' ox \
ed. in which the following participated:
President Taaovsz. L. T. Chartch. Miss M.
Simrak. L. Vucanovich. Miss T. Simrak.
Mrs V. Milisich. E. T. Balich, M. Mat
envieh. M. Stanisch. M. O. Tasovaz. L.
Achimovich and Mr?. S. Vucosavlievich.
The officers of the society are; Prcsi
«3«*nt. M. K. TasovHz; vice president. S.
• Jcrunovich: financial secretary. <*¦ A.
Dabovioh: recording secretary. Spirldon
Vucosavlievich: treasurer. G. Lfallch: di
rectors— M. Zmovich: M. Soslch C. Man
<iich; prrgoant at arms. It. Matcovjcn.
The committee on arrangements was com
posed of John Abramovlch, S. Vucosavue
vieh and E. T. Balich.
Next Sunday morning special services
will b« held at the Russian Church on
Powell str^t. near FiSbert. at which
Bishop Tikhon. who recently returned
from an Eastern trip, will officiate.
San Bavas w»i,s the youngest son of
Stefan Nemanja and united the Servians
In thoir first kingdom. He was the first
bishop of the Servian Autoeephalus Ortho
dox Church and succeeded in placing it
on a firm foundation in the Balkans.
WRIGHT MAY GO
TO SACRAMENTO
ON A STRETCHER
Assemblyman Struck
by a Car.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 26.
Howard E. Wright, Assemblyman from
the Fifty-flrst Assembly District, was
struck by an electric car near the corner
of Fifteenth street and Broadway this
morning and so badly injured that he
may not be able to go to Sacramento to
attend the extra session of the Legisla
ture. His injuries are very serious and
the extent will not develop for some time.
Mr. Wright rode from his residence on
Linda Vista terrace into Oakland this
morning and dismounted from his car in
front of the Central Bank building. He
started to walk toward the sidewalk,
when he noticed Assemblyman Joseph
Kelly of the Forty-eighth District stand
ing across the street. Kelly shouted to
Wright, who turned around, waved his
hand in reply and started to retrace his
steps across the street to join Kelly.
In so doing Wright did not notice an
other car approaching, and as he passed
behind the car from which ho had just
alighted he stepped in front of the other
car and was knocked down. He was taken
into a neighboring drugstore and after
ward removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where he was treated by Drs. W. S. Por
ter, R. T. Stratton and Charles Rowe.
Mr. Wright's hip was dislocated and
probably fractured, and it Is thought that
ther* Is an injury to his spine.
Assemblyman Kelly notified Mr?.
Wright, who went at once to the hospital
to attend her husband.
While the injuries of Mr. Wright are un
certain, it is very certain that he will not
be able to go to Sacramento unless he is
carried on a stretcher. Such a move Is in
contemplation if it is possible to move Mr.
Wright, because his vote may be very
necessary on the Senatorial situation.
Mr. Wright was the Speaker of the last
Assembly who resigned when the ex-
Eosure came of his relations with Milton
. Greon, the manager of the Grant cam
paign, from whom he secured Jl6OO, after
which he changed his vote from Grant
to Burns.
Mrs. Cahill's Default Entered.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26.— Contrary to all ex-
Champion Cake Walk.
There will be a cakewalklng contest for
the Pacific Coast championship at ' the
The Sunday Call's Maga*
zifie Section Is Recognized as
the Standard cf Excellence.
Will Tour the World.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— Dr. J. H. Buteau
expects to leave about April 1 on a tour
through France. Italy, Germany and Rus
sia, One of his objective points will be
Siberia, whence he will proceed to China
and Japan and thence home.
How a Man Should Con-
• duct Himself When
the "Only One" Says
"Yes."
By TOM P. MORGAN.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
The Shop Girl:
What She Earns and
How She Lives.
Co-Ed Life at Stanford
University.
What Happened at Ra-
venscourt.
By EDGAR PICKERINa
San Francisco's Found-
lings.
As the Japanese See
Us: Socially, Politi-
cally and Physically.
11
THOMAS B. FBEEXIAN.«.O5 FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSTKESS OFFICE cf lh* Fan Francisco
«¦•». rrrner cf Market «nfl Third streets, cpen
until J- o'clock every tiipht in the year.
EUANTH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street.
comer Clay; open ur.t'.l 8.30 p. m.
J(*D T'syos street: oren until *:20 P- ra -
€S* McAKlFter street: rpen until »:*0 P. ™-
£15 Larkin e-.reet: cpen until »:30 p. m.
19*1 Mlye'.cn rtreet; open until 10 p. ra.
SCI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil ? p. m.
10* Eleventh street: open until t p. m.
ltPf Va>nc!a street: cpen until • p. m.
J223 Poik Ftrert; cren -nti! 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-seccnd and Ken-
ttirkv fsrrets: cpen until 9 p. m.
KEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccrr.rr.andery N .°r ?iJ5i T ; ,JF_.
-Ppecia! assembly THIS E\ EMNO at <_g_*
7:30 o'clock. < >r Jer cf the Temple. All JMJ
fratei-s cordially Invited. ft?
JOHN TONNINGSEN. Com. *
FIDELITY Lo«3pe No. 120. F. and A. *
M , funeral notice — Officers *n<l mem- f\ m
bers are requested to assemble »tTS_K
.Mascr.lr Temple on SUNDAY, the CSth'V
lnst at 9:20 a. m.. for the purpose of con- i
tfucting the funeral ceremonies at our late ]
brother. MORHIS EINSTH.IN. thence to late j
residence of deceased. "ZZI Sacramento tt.. I
and to Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 train
from Thtrd and T-'wr.send sUu By order of
the W. M. FREDERICK BAHRV Sec.
MEMBERS of Ooldea Gate Encampment » yj
No 1 L O. O F.. are hereby notified yf
to assemble in Encampment Hall. y\
FI'NDAY. Jan. 2S, 1300. at 1 o'clock p./" X
m.. to attend the funeral of our late Patri-
arch. THOMAS U. SWEEXr By order
WM. E. DUBOIS, C. P.
H. C. GEORGE. Scribe.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. I O. oflgS&Jfc.
i . Members will meet SUN- *__J£L-«2i
: AY. Ja: 2*. at : cl X r m .. "<s2*4s*"^
to attend the fur.eral of our late nmji *
brother. THOMAS U. SWEENY. P. G.
WM. TROTTER, N. a.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. ». <£__^v.
; •¦ O :~: ~ — Reirular rr.*»":r.g
THIS 'FATUHDAY) EVENING. JZg^frs^'
First decree.
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
OFFICERS and members of Court Occt «__— '
flenULl No. eet6, A. O. F.. are notified
tn attend the funeral of our late Jl\
Brother. MARTIN MU.VPON. Inter A-J
ir.ent Mount Olivet Cemetery. SUNDAY, Jan.
28. Special car will leave Eighteenth and j
Guerrero at 1 p. ra. G. W. B. STIRLING. C. R.
Tlin regular annual meeting cf the stockhold-
er* of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY of fan Francisco, will be held
at f-e off.cc of the corr.pa.ny in the Union
Trust Company** buiMlr.tr. corner Montgom-
ery. Post trd Market sts., San Francisco,
Cal . oi MONDAY, the fifth <Say of February,
IMQ, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
ruriK>6e of electing a board of directors to
f«-rve for the following year, the amendment
of the by-laws of the company and the trans-
action cf such ether business as may come
before the rr.*<>tinp.
I «*. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
"THK «nnn»l meeting of the membership of the
Wcrkrr.enV Guarantee Fur.d Assrvlntlon w "l
take Tilace nt Its nfßee. room *3, Flood build- !
lT'r. TUESi'AY EVENING. .Tun. 3<>. at 7:JO I
c'clork. H G. PRINCE. Sec.
ANNUAL V»c:!r.p — The nnnual meeting of !
the lot owtkts in the Masonic Cemetery will
be he!d at the Ma«onie Temple on TUESDAY.
AFTERNOON, February 6. }!>PO. Bt 2 o'clock. I
for the election of three trustees nnd euch j
business as may legally come before it.
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. !
BOTIROW en <si amends; secrecy: private en-
trance; private rrr.s. Uncle Harris. IS Grant.
, i
ASTROLOGY.
PROP. A. MAPHRY of n^pT^rreTte^sT^stroi^
c'*t «rd pahntct !n the world: satisfaction
fi' t| -l" w ' 427 O Men C, n »e aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
All VICE trre: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sjecess; collections. G. W.
lIHWE. atty nt law. ST.O Market, oor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge tinle«s successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON*, s;; Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. 11. MF.KZBACH. attorney a\ law. has re-
>':me,l fractlce at W:2 Cal. St.. Clunie bldg.
L. F. CLARK, nrrma F;.reckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
ket Ft.: crsnsriltatlnn free: no fees in advance.
DUMNESS CHANCES— Continued.
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market St.. opp. Fifth.
BRANCH bakery and notions J250
Bakery; large oven; fine business 1.2»0
Teaming business; clears $400 2 - w ' <)
10*-acre ranch; 6 room house; $1000 cash. 3.-00
Bakery in Alameda: $25 per day SOO
H*use and lot: Hayes Et. ; lot 2:,x?57:6.... 3.600
Hotel and bar: country town; 72 rooms.. S.MM
Grocery and bar: clears $160 <00
Saloon; cash register; clears $200 800
Candy store; corner; 3 rooms »*}
Saloon on Howard st *j*{
Saloon; corner on Folsom st
200 BARGAINS THAT I DO NOT AD-
VERTISE.
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
$350— PARTNER in saloon: will take part cash;
chance for steady man. 79 Third Bt.
$300— COFFEE parlor and restaurant; bargain;
cr exchange tor rooming house. 79 Third st.
FINE saloon near Market, doing large busi-
ness will be cold cheap: Investigation solicit-
ed. Pacific States Realty Co., 32C Parrott bldg.
COIIXER grocery; full stock: sickness cause.
See COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
WANTED — Party with references and business
ability to interest himself in opening a de-
r.artrnent In a reliable and established real
estate firm for selling rooming houses; small
capital will develop this special department.
Address box 4111. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and fruit busi-
ness on main thoroughfare, centrally located
In city of Oakland; clean stock: first-class
trade; value In sight; no agents. Address
box 46. Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar; West-
ern Addition: doing a large, profitable busi-
ness; first-class stock; must sell: sickness
cause of sale: make offer. Box 4105. Call.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; well es-
tablished trade; S nice living rooms; must
sell; leaving city. Twelfth St., between How-
ard and Folsom.
LAUNDRY route, paying $18 per week, with
fine horse and wagon; a bargain If sold this
month. Address box 4112, Call office.
PARTNERSHIP wanted In small paying busi-
ness by two young men. Address, with full
particulars, box 4110. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Apply next to
Hoover' b candy store. Fourth St.. San Rafael.
PARTNER, wanted: office work; profit $100
month Address box 4109, Call office.
FOR sale, in a town of 7000 Inhabitants, within
30 miles of San Francisco, and having the
best prospects of any town on the coast, a
furnishing goods business, carrying a stock
of $3000; will be sold for cost. Address box
lOCS, Call.
$1500 ONLY for long established bakery^ candy
and ice cream parlor, on principal street;
cold on account of death of owner. V.
GROCHWELL. 25 N. El Dorado St.. Stockton.
ON IS of tlie most successful prospectors In the
West wii: take a partner for the coming sea-
son to locate claims in CaJlfornia; must have
$500. Address box 1064. Call.
WANTED— $3000: partner general merchandise;
established 7 years; paid $1666 year l>y*; ob-
ject to increase, business; money to be rein-
vested. Address S. J.. Call office.
WANTED— A restaurant outfit; will pay 25
per cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San
Carlos aye. -¦"-'¦"¦'¦'••
FRUIT and dairy produce store-; fine location;
a snap at $200. Box 1058. Call.
GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; rent low;
price reasonable. Apply 455 Clementina st.
WANTED— Partner In business established 24
years In Oakland; pays from $400 to $309 per
month; $::•'» capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of |.<ss; must be a business man, competent
to keei> books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch office. Oaklan^
FOR rent— To an up-tc-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track In
Eureka. Cal.; located en main traveled road
and good chance to make a nice paying busl-
ners. Apply to J. G. LOVEREN. Eureka. Cal.
FOR rent — Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown; newly titled up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON &. CO., £14 Call
bid*.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages: 4 and 6 rooms; basement,
yard, stable. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe ZTnkanr] — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best nnd most artistic dental
¦work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$t 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood blag., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
• without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
Jlce hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.: painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. comer Sixth.
LOWEST prices In B. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. Cth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. BM> Market.
HOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BU2VARD"S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESS*:!*
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments: evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
ing.tilnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Pructlcal courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. : new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladies and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
talt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voiceß from the smallest and
faultiest in short time. 1236 Market St., r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time r~"or money
waEted: mott thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123 C Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl. ; day and even.;
est. ISG4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
A — SINGING, piano, French, Spanish: Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6; hr. 2-8.
VIOLIN, mandolin, puitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher, 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.De Fillnne'e Acad-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
MAN and wife; ranch work; must understand
ranch dairy; $50; ccc party here. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter ct.
YOUNG man, steady and sober, wants posi-
tion attending horse, garden. lawn or any
other outdoor work;, ls trustworthy and very
handy; speaks German and English; $20 ma;
references g-iven; city or surroundings. Box
4248. Call office.
WANTED — By young man who speaks and
writes English, German and Spanish, position
In store or otherwise; business experience and
best references; willlnj* to go to Mexico, Man-
ila or elsewhere. Address H. 8., Call office.
CASHIER— A gentleman, middle-aged, with ex-
pcrlcnce and references, desires position as
cashier In grillroom, cafe or restaurant. Ad-
dress, stating salary, box 4117, Call office.
SITUATION wanted In a wholesale house by a
middle-aged German cooper: an all-around
good and reliable man. Box 4595. Call office.
RESPECTABLE Japanese would like position
as flrat-class cook and manager: good small
family. K. DATE. 110 Golden Gate aye.
SHIPPING clerk In wholesale house; city or
country; good references. Box 4114, Call.
WELL-EDUCATED young ma/i of good ap-
pearance desires a position of any kind to
work In the evening: low wages: best refer-
ences. Address box 1054, Call office.
MAN, 30 years of ajre. wishes work of any kind;
speaks English. French and German; can fur-
nlsh references. Box 1055, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by private coachman; city
or suburb; first-class references. Address 860
Union st.. Oakland, phone Main 782.
EDUCATED young Frenchman, speaking Eng-
, llsh, Spanish, Italian, wants situation; good
penman. F. M., box 4133. Call office.
BAKER — Young man as foreman or second on
bread; good references. Box 72, Call office.
Oakland.
JAPANESE wants situation at housework and
washing; good reference; $5 per week. Star,
22 Prospect place.
GOOD barber wishes steady Job. Address
Barber. 474 Eddy st.
JAPANESE young school boy wants situation
to do housework. SATORU MAS. 621 Jessie.
PLUMBER, strictly first class, will work by
the day or week for property owner: has all
necessary tools; city or country. Box 1005,
Call office.
SOBER American cook wants a position as
cook at a mine or lumber mill employing
about 20 men. Box 4SS6, Call.
CAKE baker wants situation as second or third
hand. Box 1067. Call.
AN elderly man would like a position as night
watchman or to do chores; wages very small.
1522 O'Farrell st.
GOOD competent young man wishes employ-
ment for outdoor or Inside work. Address
box 1072. Call office.
BARBER. 12 years' experience, wishes position
In small town. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204
Turk st.. room 15. San Francisco.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263. Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2COO Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements, nnd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till !> p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m,
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO, 2154
University nve.. Berkeley. Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIAN'S.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall, DOc. 1071 ft Market
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, nil sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417 ft Third st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
NURSEGIRL; apply "aKeTlo^cToclT^rThlrd
aye., between Clement and South California;
take Geary or Sutter st. car; $10-$l2.
TWO girls help in dining-room, do washing;
good wagea. 607 Twentieth; Kentucky-st. car.
A ? P . RENTICES on Bh »rta; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
COMPETENT girl to care for children and as-
sist lifrht second work; $15. Apply 233 Third
aye.. Richmond district; Geary street car.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36ft Fremont St.; elevator. •
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10d« Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »ts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. r S....IO4^GE^ARY~ST\
—..HOTEL DEPARTMENT —
chef, $100; second, $60; baker and pastry cook,
$60. country; chef. Southern California. $85;
head cook, $65; baker, $45, same country hotel,
see party here this morning; cook for lunch
counter. Nevada, $40 to $50; kitchen hand for
an institution, country, $23; vegetableman
for springs. $20; houseman, hotel, $23; ele-
vator boy. $25; bell boy, $15.
COLORED HELP
4 colored bell boys, country hotel, north. $IS,
fares advanced; colored waiter, country club,
$35
MISCELLANEOUS
gang of teamsters and scraper holders for
the Coast road, free fare
100 coal miners for New Mexico, special
rates of fare
Gardener, country hotel, springs, $25; 6
pruners and grafters, $26 and found; ranch
teamsters, miners, woodchoppers, choremen
and others
JAPANESE HELP
Japanese for chamber work, $20; Japanese for
porter work and housecleanlng, $20, both for
first-class country hotel, fares advanced. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route In city, $35
and found; dairyman, small dairy, near city,
$25 and board; 15 miners, different mines, $2
per day; 6 farmers and teamsters for different
ranches, $25 and $26 per month; 10 men about
lumber yard and in the woods, 520 up and
fare advanced. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— CIerk for architect's office tn a
school near city; must be young man and good
penman; one with some experience In drawing
preferred; salary $40 per month and Increase.
W. D. EWER Si CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — American or Scotch gardener for
gentleman's place near city, $25 and found;
German or Scandinavian gardener for Oak-
land, private place, $25 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN BB4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Boilermaker for a large company; young man
for butcher shop. $8 week; butter maker and
i milkers. $25 and found
12 pruners, orchard and vineyard hands, $26
and $20; choremen. ranch hands, etc, $20
and $25; stablemen; blacksmith's helper and
wife; 150 woodchoppers, tools furnished, $1
to $3 cord; 150 redwood tlemakers, 9c to 150
each. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
WANTED— 3 woodchoppers, $2 75 cord; machine
blacksmith. $4 to $5; blacksmith's helper on
carriage work, $2 25 day; razor grinder. $20
week; milker and choreman. $25; farmer,
small ranch. $20; cooks, waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 15J.
SOLICITORS wanted for the "Memoirs of
Dwight L. Moody." written by his son and
assisted by Ira D. Sankey; published with
the authority of Mrs. Moody and family; only
book authorized or authentic: demand enorm-
ous; harvest time for agents; large profits;
credit given; freight paid. Address The Do-
minion Company, Dept. L. Chicago.
HOU6ES — LODGING FOR SALE.
10 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st $323
10 rooms: on Taylor; worth $SOO 450
32 rooms: corner; clears $1-0 16"0
10-room flat; clears $150 500
Corner on Market; clears $400.. 104 rooms.. 4SOO
Near Call office: worth $2000... 29 rooms.. 1200
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500.. 84 rooms.. 6500
On one floor: clears $100 19 rooms.. &00
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms.. S'.o
Downtown: rent $25 21 rooms.. 325
Market St.: rent $75 26 rooms.. 850
Corner: only $300 cash 16 rooms.. 800
Clearing $100; rent $50 2<> rooms.. 550
Boarding; corner house 32 rooms.. 2M*> |
Hotel and bar: 65 boarders 159 rooms.. 50M I
100 other houses. 3 to 500 rooms; $50 t0... 510. W0 !
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS, j
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 01. J
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth st. j
$1600—29 ROOMS; all on 1 floor: $800 down; bal-
ance at 1 per cent per month; paying well.
$325— S rooms: nice flat; on easy payments.
$800—22 rooms; good location; $50 rent; easy
payments.
15 houses from $300 to $2000; paylns well;
good locations; easy payments.
A. R. E. & R. CO.. 743 Mission st.
24 ROOMS: new furniture; cost $3600: $1SOO; ft
cash: big bargain. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
10 ROOMS- got to sell; mortgaged $250: cheap
at $500. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
30 ROOMS; good oak furniture; nice location;
JlOOO. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
60 ROOMS: first floor of flees: clears $-^00 a
month. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
$250— 10-ROOM house near Market st. ; clears $50
month; rent $20 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
HOTEL with 12 rooms, all occupied: on ac-
count of departure; excellent chance. Ad-
dresß box 4115. Call. .
$500— HOUSE 8 rooms neatly furnished; all
rented: central location; rent $18. Box 4138.
Call office.
LODGING house— s33 Broadway; 20 sunny
rooms; must sell on account of sickness.
HOISCS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1935, between Laruna and Bu-
chanan sts.— Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
A. M SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
2SJS California; S r.sl4 1541 Eddy; 6 r $25
1705 Mason: 4 r $10 1345 Howard; 5 r....519
207 Ellis; 10 r...517 50 110 Natoma: 8 r $1»
NEW— 6 rooms; modern: $25: Buchanan and
Greenwich sts., or will sell $500 cash: balance
like rent. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Markt.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. 529 '
Merchant st.
NEATLY furnished house; 7 rooms and bath;
sunny side of street; nice neighborhood; $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye., bet. Scott and Devisa-
dero sts.
REED, 14— House of 6 rooms, bath and base-
¦ ment: $18. Apply 1325 Washington st.
$S— HOUSE of 5 rooms; healthy and In good .
condition. 1557 Kearny st., near Greenwich.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny house of S rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent $37 80.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
te.ntlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED. :
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease; •
contrally located; 5 bedrooms; large parlors; •
music and dining rooms, etc. ; 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny st.: large grounds: rent $125. ;
Address, with full name, box 1022. Call office.
LOST AND POUND. ~~ .
LOST— Black and tan spaniel and setter hunt-
ing dog, with wire link collar. Return to 610 :
Clay St., and receive reward. TV. D. EWER ¦
& CO.
LARGE brlndle hound: lame In the right fore- ;
leg. Liberal reward at 3643 Twenty-first st. '
LOST— A pass" ook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the '
name of MRS. C. H. ATHEARN. No. 173-1515. '
The finder will please return to the bank.
LOST — Fur boa. January 24. about 2p. m., bet. !
Post. Grant aye. and Market st. Return to
637 Market st. ; reward.
FOUND— Greyhound. Owner can have same by :
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per ox. fo?^
gold In It. 323 Bush at., 3d floor, room 4.
WANTED— 6 boxes of fresh ranch eggs every
week steady. Address box 2^27. Call.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curlt*
¦nd Philippine relics. 625 Dup.-r.t. nr. Cal I•.
BIONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mor..
gages undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies boueht: no d»-
lay get my terms before doing business elie-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 546 Mam-t
st.: tel. Main 184t. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount: J per cent; Urn,
second mortgages, estates In probate. lnter*«»
>n estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. G. c.
OLSEN,. room 1«. first floor. Chronicle bide
AVOID delay; try all ethers, then see rae; a,
to $100 000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages.estates In probate. undivided Interests n
estates.legacles and mortgages bought: advtc*
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Mark*
MOST reliable place to borrow on dlamonj-*,
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 31xt^ :
highest price for eld gold, silver, diamond.
ANY amount by private- party on furniture ant
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private plac*
to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick ¦>¦
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms "
68 and S3. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON PEAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oi
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott bulldlnc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bullJlng.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
9. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
150 TO $10 000; lowest rates: Ist a^d 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
OV furniture pianos, without removal: no
'commission:' private. LICK. 118 McAl!l»t»r.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY. 633 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
•where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
•within three years and have full purchas*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and 8 2 me c f.^ d rj p .' a fS*
for $3 *4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY '& CO., Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter -ts.. San Francisco; ccr. Thlr-
teenth and x>rcadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE' S.
26 28 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organa and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every- . .
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer, ________————
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LEK & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
A BEAUTIFUL Packard Baby Grand Just r»-
celved at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
THE Decker piano Is the universal favorite:
new styles: full assortment; low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
A GOOD bargain can always be found at
MAUVAIS'. 753 Market st.
L .HUE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. 'HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
SO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grada
pianos- special discounts for cash; open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mig. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
A BARGAIN— Fine upright Steinway and other
pianos for sale at half original price. Room
10. Flood building.
CHICKERING grand, fine order. $127 50; guar-
anteed 13 years. Scott-Curtaa Piano Company,
E6O Hayes st.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
nOARD AND ROOMS.
U* •fnL^'Mn^u"N^TTfl4^aT^
tif-w furniture; f.rst-rlass In every respect;
table unsuri'axsed; hot and cold water; ele-
vator: fult^s. with board for 2. $30 month up.
Nlt'.V f.-,n,!;y h.tel; f!r*t-c!aa» in all appolnt-
t-.tA*; «x'-e!i« nt table; special Inducements to
K>wt people. «r: California St.. occupying
rotner opjiorite <;race Church.
VAN KESS aye.. 1714— S.Moet private board lng-
linu»» ran accommodate a fey.- more gupnts;
everything f.ryt class and homelike; fashlon-
iili'.c location^ references.
I!Vl>n. 3S. The Salisbury— Large sunny rooms
m-lti! 1..r,r1; .r. r-;rte .> r single; very reason-
nMe. MRS EHRIXER.
•'liKLOKAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Run-
ny mites; l«>« t>oard: 2. $-V> up; single. $22 M.
lIAIGHT. 32— £aosy rooms with board: terms
reasonable.
LAP PALMAS. IS2O Market st.-Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s.: pf'vp.te: bath: sin. rms.; bnard optional.
O'FAIUCKLL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
horre oookltig: special rates to gents.
DORROW on plan*, furniture, diamonds.
psJntir«»: (""T'-t. Uncle Harris. V, Grant ay.
ItUARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
r?Y Btncl* man— r.na.rd and room: German or
Scandinavian family. Address box 4102. Call.
ANY am.i-.irt to loan you on diamonds; low ln-
tereyt UNCLE HARRIS. V. Grant aye.
ItO Alt DIM. FOR CHILDREN.
EXrrUIENCED nurse, with eunny home.
wouM take <-har£e of Infant; reasonable.
2^2 Sixteenth Ft.
TO board— An Infant or small child; $10 per
month ?in Lexington aye.
BOOKS — NEW r AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchanged'
H'.!rr.- s Hvli Co.. ?f4 Mission St.. near Third.
COOT JAM) !->Hi!E KAKGAINS.
CLEARANCE SALE— GREAT REDUCTIONS*
Men's r^pular Jl iO shoes $113
Children'" regular $1 M shoes 65 ets
}'<¦¦•! .le'f Sh'.e Ptore. 1333Ptockton. nr. Br"dw'y.
Ul SINKS* CHANCES.
eV-CW- CORKER grocery In very best part
cf the Mission; large stock; 1 horse, wagon.
cart. 73 crder customers: place established
years nnd first-rlasa paying. Call R G
WILKE. 90C Market St.
A CIGAR store, connected with candy and Ice
rr.-?.m rariors. on transfer point, close to
I'uv.ell anO Post ?ts.; r«>rt $20; first-class pay-
Ing: large stock; fine fixtures. R. G. WILKE
: - Market st. '
A— flo; DAIRY produce ani delicacy store
m-itli 3 Uvlag rooms; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire It. O. WILKE. HOC Market.
A— 14C3; PARTNER wanted '.n establ. butcher-
*h-?[>; r'»nt-r wants honest assistant: knowl-
edge ef bus.nesn cut necessary. R. G. WILKE
WC Market st.
A-$r..W: PART.'.-nR wanted In chop and coffee
house; lively country town; j^ace clearing $00
lor «a<-h partner. Call R. G. WILKE 906
Market tn.
A-$!200: ELKOANTLY fitted v;. saloon on best
transfer con »r cf this city; low rent; best
cla?* of custom; plare flr*t -class paying-
owner to atte-rd to his ra::ch cause of kale.
Call n. G. WILKE. yes Market st.
A— sl**o: SALOON on Market st.. close to Sev-
t«-ntli: rent net $M); cjler.didly paying place;
"th'-r engagements cause of tale. R. O.
WILKE. '.<¦*. Market *t.
A~s*>.e: BAKERY near McAllister Et.; est»b-
llshed years: ail store trade; large stock" !
rent $25: 4 ve&rs' lea-e: l.» barrels per day '
Oil I! G. WILKE, 'M Market _t. !
12200— ELEGANT corner store srA modem 6- '
room ctittitßt-; rrntis 130; c>>*t ?2M>O- $1000 will '
talca It. KKKDO & CO.. 22h+ Geary st.
KIOO-OHOPHOUPE: best in city;; 1 block from i
market; rect-ipts t'.o daily; trial Riven; present i
vvrner 5 years. KI'.KDO & CO, 22ft Geary el. i
«£o<>- PARTNER; transfer and etorage; money !
n-c::red; rare rhanre. Krrdo & C0., 22ft Geary, i
»l cfl "— I 'HAYING express; only one In town of
4tK!Q population; JIC.OOC yearly. KREDO &. CO.
BAKICHY in town rear- San Francisco doing a
me cash business ; large stock: good fixtures-
horse and wagon: cheap rent: trial given-
_s£eB' sacrifice^ JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
137.%— ! 'KIJCACIES and dairy produce: value
1n s.lcht: line locaf.cn. JONES te. CO.. tCS
Market ct.
JI7S— GROCERY, bar. 4 living rooms; rent $10;
doing raying business. Jones & Co., ECS Mxkt.
•ISft-PAItTNEU wanted: light well established
indoor bastaen- will i<ay over $60 i*-r month
to each yearly. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U
Market st. ~
POO— OORKBQ saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 ft Market st.
A— J."*O— CORNER grocery and bar; best loca-
ti.m in the Mission; well established; doing
rood business; nic* cl«>an stock; good value
for the money. Ktenberg Co., 26ft Kearny st.
AN exceptional opportunity for a business man
with $1000; experience unnecessary; will
rtand Investigation. GALE & BENSON. 329
1— -rott bulling.
FOR sale cheap— Well-established coffee par-
lor and restaurant: good location; sickness
cause of sale. Apply 203S Howard St.
DENTAL office; first-class; central: must be
sold: terms easy. MACDONALD. 6 Eddy St..
room 107.
FOR 6ale— A shoe shoo; established over a
year: eoort stand; reasonable price. Coll at
tailor shou. 1(* Golden Gate avp.
FOR rent tn Petaluma — An old-established sa-
loon: best location In town. See owner at
IIC7 Folsom bt.
SALOON in wholesale district: cause sickness.
Inquire M. HLUMENTHAL CO.. 6;s Mission.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
43S Third Bt.
WANTED — Cheap rooming-house for cash. C.
HANSEN. 902 Folsom st.
NEAT restaurant, good location, for eale. Ap-
ply 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
BARBER shop and cigar store for sale, on ac-
count owner golr.g Cape Nome. Box 4173, Call.
100-ROOM house for sale cr exchange for lodg-
ing house In Chicago or other business; no
acer.ts. Box 2322. Call office.
OLl'« established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business; 15 years present location: cheap
account of death of owner. 22 Cortland aye.
CIGAR stcre^ — Doing very good business; owner
forced to sell. 201 California st.
FOR sale cheap — Well established corner saloon;
sickness cause. Particulars call 525 Market.
ROUTE of £44 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffice.
$150— SALOON and grocery store; must sell at
once: good location. S2lft Howard st.
TOOLS, stock, fixtures of a palntshop for sale;
cheap. Apply at shop, 926 Washington St.
$1530—19 ROOMS newly furnished; renTs7s; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from CEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second ajid Ken-
tucky sts.: open Tintil 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon. 3-can milk
wagon. 2-seated spring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery wocons. 22 Cortland aye.'
FOR sale — Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carrlaue. Insuect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, bußSies. carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses, loth and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. HGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 BETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
bugKies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cal]. IS pages, sent to any address In the
Unlter] Ptatew. postpaid, for $1 per year.
CARPET UEATING A.M» CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
»end to SPAULIJING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3:3-237 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt.: cleaning, 3c j>er yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUF.KN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4^3 Stevenson st. : tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3j4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. !
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
STItATTONS. 3 Elchth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-l>eatlng works, 323 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone F-nst 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J." J. WHITNEY.~IIO4 "Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular; sittings $1.
MOTHER SADIE seance to-morrow, the 2sTh^
instead of to-day:, l2 o'clk. 403 Leavenworth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth ft., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
pokt. present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St.. r. 12.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic; sat-
Isfactlon; readings this week 23c. 230 A Turk.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2oc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 212 ft Sixth st. .
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
3SU Ellis st.; circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
YOCR future told by cards, 2Sc. 544 Howard
St., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth »t.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to irrave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
emyof languages, 320 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 403 Geary, r. 47.
AYREfe" Business College. 723 Market fit.; life
scholarship, $30; send for catalogue.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month.- Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
rriv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
tiese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
beM help. <HU OTarrell st.: tel. East 42fi.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MOTHER and son wish situations; mother Is
a first-class cook, son 30 years, to assist In
Institution or boarding-house. Address 81
Natoma st.. room 22.
HOUSEKEEPER, neat American woman elder-
ly, wishes position; used to children; good
cook and laundress; references given; wages
from $10 to $12 month. Call 26S Stevenson st.
TWO Swedish girls would like places, one to
do cooking and downstairs work, the other
second and general housework; wages $15 and
$25; references. 3902 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG girl, 18. wishes place as companion
or ladles' maid; educated In English and
Spanish; will travel. Address A. 8., Call
\ branch, 639 McAllister Bt.
CAPABLE woman experienced In all kinds of
housework, cooking and one who has trav-
eled a great deal; references. Box 4108, Call.
AN experienced young lady wishes portion as
cashier or to do plain writing In office. Call
220! a Third st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will make any style
trimmed suit $4: new style skirts and high-
grade work. 220 Eddy st.
YOUNG woman with a child 2 years old would
like a position In country; housework- no
cards. Call 116 Guerrero st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do light
housework or care for Invalid. Call or ad-
dress SO7A Geary st.
WOMAN with 3-year-old child wishes work In
private family In the city. 370 Brannan st.
RELIABLE woman wishes housework in small
family; country preferred. Add. box 4113, Call.
WOMAN wants work washing and Ironing; $1
a day and car fare. Apply 114 Natoma st.
SINGLE ladles wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.
BOOKKEEPER, neat young lady, desires post-
tlon; fully competent to keep books, answer
correspondents and take charge of an office;
also verbatim stenographer and typewriter; !
salary $f.O per month; references. Addres.i
M. M.. box 4131, Call.
BY a young lady of refinement, position In
country hotel as hou*ekee)>er, assistant or
ihamherwork: familiar with all branches
Box 1061. Call office.
NEAT woman wishes a position to do house-
work In a nice American family; can give
good references. Box 10E.6, Call office.
SITUATION ns working housekeeper; Is a good
cook: references; country preferred. Box
105 S. Call office.
SITUATION as cook or housekeeper In a small
country hotel; best of reference. Box 4143
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and ladles' tailor^
Ing; would like to take work at home: prices
very reasonable. Box 1059, Call office.
AN elderly lady wishes position to do light
housework: small pay; more for a home. J9
Eddy st., room 40.
COMPETENT young lady wishes position In
either bakery or candy store; references. Ad-
drws box 1132, Call. '
LADY wants position as nurse; terms mod-
erate. 1525 ft Mission St.; call bet. 11 and 12.
WANTED — A position as companion to In-
valid lady, or place of trust, by a lady of re-
finement and cheerful disposition; will travel
If required. Box 4597. Call. ¦
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day In
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
blt- house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Graut aye.
WINCHESTER 'House. 44 Third St.. near Mar.
kef, 200 rooms: 25c to $1 00 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets.; open until Ip.m.
COZY flat of 2 and 4 rooms, with bath; $8.
921 Harrison st.
I FINE upper corner fiat; 6 rooms and bath
(new) ;modern improvements. 1211 McAllister.
IF you want to move Ret printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon er7.
MINNA, 4."4H— Upper sunny flat of 6 rooms and
bath. Apply on premises.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view of bay and city. 3ft
Scott st.
SACRAMENTO, 1363— Flat of 3 rooms; $12 50.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye., above
Van Ness.
TWO flats: 4 roms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$6 — TWO rooms and yard. 726,4 Harrison st.,
bet. Third nnd Fourth.
BORROW money on diamond* and watches;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant i\ve.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
FKEK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address tr> look hnr R43. Lou Anerdes. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALeT
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S no. with No.
V ranee. Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission at. pays
the highest prices for your Id-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 33.*.5.
HELP "WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS In each county on coast; permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. lIANs£n~&~CO PHONE GRANT~IBS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, Pasadena, ft fare both ways.. s2o
6 waitresses, Coronado. ft fare both ways... s2o
4 waitresses, Sacramento.... $25
3 waitresses, city $20; chambermaid $13
Plain laundress, city hotel $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
• German second girl. Oakland, $20; second girl.
Sonoma, $15. fare paid; cook, Sacramento
County, $20; cook, Santa Clara, $20; cook,
Newcastle, $20; oook, Gllroy. $20; housework,
Palo Alto, $15; S cooks, city, $23; 20 housegirls,
city, $20: 20 elrls to assist housework. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 ccoks. $30, German and American
families: 4 cooks. $25, plajn wash; Protestant
cook, $30, across the bay; parlormaid and
waitress. $25; 3 French second girls, $30; Ger-
mun second girl, $20: Protestant chamber-
maid and seamstress. $20; restaurant wait-
ress. $5, $G a week: restaurant cooks, $7, $10
a week: chambermaid and waitress. $20, coun-
try; chambermaid, hotel, $IS. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI to assist In plain cooking and
light housework: $10 to $12 warranted; good
home. Call 3.13 C Jackson st.
WOMAN thoroughly competent to take entire
charge, of (lrst-class hotel in city. Coll or ad-
dress 207 Siinsome St., room 1.
WANTED— German woman for cooking and
housework for adult. Call 427 Valenola 6t.,
from 12 to C v. m.
WANTED— Refined nurse for 2-year-old child; i
city references. Apply between U:3O and 10:30
a. in., at 2340 Washington st.
BRIGHT, responsible lady of business ability;
lodging-house departmt. 927 Market St., r. 202.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; sleep
home: wages $15. 3437 Twentieth st.
WANTED— GirI to assist In housework and
with children. 1217 Webster st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1711
Geary st.
LADY solicitor; big pay. Call room 605. Call
building, between 12 and 1 p. m.
WANTED— 2 young girls to assist wait at table; .
$4. 6SO Fourth st.
NEAT second girl for Sonoma, $15. Apply at
2210 Central aye.
WAITRESS wanted. Apply at 44*1 Third
street.
WANTED— Young girl to learn a trade. Call
Sunday at 126 Kearny st.. room 42.
WANTED— A reliable girl to take care of a
child. Apply at 2110 California st.
WANTED— GirI for waiting and chamberwork
Apply at 419 Brannan st.
WANTED— Waitress in a restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on poatß. 354 Geary et.
WA NTED— Good starched-shlrt rubbers. 790
Elizabeth st-. bet. 23d and 24th. \
EXPERIENCED cream dipper; eood position
to right party. Call at 53S Washington st.
WANTED — Thoroughly competent barkeeper
for head man In wlneroom In a prominent
club of this city; references required; wagea
. l">. Address box 4107. Call office.
$25 PER week guaranteed for loan of $300 and
sen-Ires for one year; appoint Interview. Box
4125, Call.
WANTED— First-class man for retail liquor
store; must come well recommended. F. W.
SCHROEDER. 1100 Valencia St.
WANTED— A bill clerk in wholesale house: one
of experience only. Address, with references,
box 4104. Call office.
BOY about 17 years old, residing with parents.
In a mercantile house. Address with refer-
ences, box 4103. Call office.
2 BARBERS for Saturday. 757 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday^ Apply at 137 ft Fifth
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 556
Fourth st.
BOY, 14 or 15, of German parents, to learn
trade. Address box 4106, Call office.
NEAT waiter not afraid of work; closed Sun-
days; $5 per week and room. 28 First st.
JEWELERS wanted. Apply 228 Bush St.. third
floor, room 4.
WANTED— Porter for saloon; German pre-
ferred. 2S East st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to Ci^c. 662 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
A GOOD, quick short -order cook wanted at 7
Ninth st.
WANTED— Cook for mercantile lunch. Call
at 4 p. m. Criterion Saloon. 48 Stockton st.
BOY In temperance grocery; counter and deliv-
ery work; wages $5. Box 4128, Call office.
WANTED— Young man to deliver and work In
grocery store at 435 Third st.
WANTED— Dishwasher for restaurant. 233
Sixth st.
SOBER German or Frenchman; doing porter
work. 15 City Hall square, opp Eighth st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker. MARK LEVY, 22V4
Geary st. room 20. after 9 a. m.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market st.,
room 622.
WANTED— Salesman or partner In a wholesale
produce business. Call from 12 to 1 o'clock
114 Laneton st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks-
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
' St Louis, Chi -ago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— A partner, male or female; good
paying business. Apply 6ft Grove st.
GOOD life Insurance man; first-class contract.
N. A., box 1060. Call.
BORROW money of the resoectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye. j
WANTED— Second hand on cakes. Address 518
Hayes st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 23c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hns been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 d. m.
A BRANCH office for the receotton of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ""
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving . l-.orses at
1621 and 1625 Market St., bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2. 10 years
old: 1000 to 1400 lbs.: $40 to $100; mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Grayson, Cal.
6 FRESH milch cows for sale by J. F. PERLE
Angel Island. Cal.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 16ft; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. O. aye.
paying expenses, bw castro st.
LOST — A passbook with tne HiDerma Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON- No
ISB-020. The finder will please return to bank.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles* phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledce- cure at
office $5: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S, F. Office. 118 Eddy st.. near Maaon.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to S, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed Write or call at 1023H Market st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' speclal-
lst: guaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
WOMEN'S medical and surgical institute: sci-
entific treatment: confidential; consultation
free. 1236 Market. Murphy bldg.. rm3. 127-12 S.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5: consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $i
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, HIS Market
St.: »very case guaranteed; $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to I
DR WONG HTM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
ease* of the human body. 115 Mason st.
M ETA PHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkin!
MINES AND 31INING. ™
C A RT E R~S~7j"oTd~M7n^^
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 62 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments.: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st.. rooms 5-£
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BO x l . L £S£r • n * lne *. 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSri & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
t»rs. linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and secoad-
st and 'b J v NOONAN - ""-1019- 1021-1023 Mission
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold Una exchanged. 1063 Mission- st.
A BEAUTIFUL pair cluster diamonds ear-
screws for $.5; cost $150. UNCLE HARRIS
15 urant aye. "
A s2r D gNgLE y lfA^s! n ii^ nn t f^f 5: ~ Bt
4 FRESH cows for sale, 2 thoroughbred Jer- '
Jvelt _Ssfe and San -e». |
5X Can A offic" A ° UtfU: Cheap - Address box 4127. j
P Thlrd L «. E yaCht f ° r Bale Cheap ' A PP^ s< *
BOILERS and engines: lowest prices on the
. coast. BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine & Davis i
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drug- '
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate av£
A "^nh Y l' .T 1 '" Or rentB ' wr machinery, en-
sr*™T^rw? rr n r^^ tiß '- '""^
SA t l^^~ NeW "V^ seconJ '°r banks, merchant..
'"f"' residences: portable safety boxes:
\vV\t c « f* 1 ?.- bulllon B»f<-s. vaults, etc. The
Waltx Safe Co.. 103-in Market St.. S. F.. Cal. ¦
E rU£.° N concert Phonograph, price reduced to
l\V\,^^"t records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
ONB 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont.
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine!
D ri E n?M li'I i'U ll A STS 'T, t . 2T2 T, 7 , 55 X tt ' ne » ult - * 10 - MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 813 Montgomery st.
B ?™ E .r KS ' en / lnes . drill presses, planers. lathes
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beala!
NK «J "•£? slot machines bought
¦nd sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st. i
NEW style Singer sewing machines: a drawers; 1
oak: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
SE . C ! OND " HAND •nachlnery. electrical supplies. '
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SxfFl^S xf F 1^7 Ilew».I l ew ». anfl «'cond-hand. THE HER- J
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-C1 Sacramento .t. I
month. Scott- urtax Piano Co.. 360 Hayes st.
V . G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
¦warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary at.
BARGAIN— :. Ice upright piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap. ?**
HORNUNG9. 218 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
ItcAlllster st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrees in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LKT.
LARGE store, 55 feet deep, 14 feet high: busi-
ness location: 2 living rooms. 131 Second st.
STORE. 4 living rooms and stable; 2 blocks
from Market st. KELLY. 437 Parrott bid*.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NeeTgaard (pupil of Count St. Germain 1 ),
filS Geary; 1 to 8 p. m. ; by mall, SI: classes.
~ PERSONALS.
Q. N.— Room 30, Pabst building, 7:30 a. m.
Q. N.
MAGGIE FAIL, your sister Christina's ad-
dress Is 425 Pine st.
BELLE— OUDRY —_-—-——______
IS NOT A LADY.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st. _
FOR sale — Crazy qutlt and shams; also White "
sewing machine. Box 4140. Call office.
FRINGES— Special orders to match material*
at ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, makes %
specialty of the latest Imported hair styles
and charges but 23c; Scheffier"s Colorine gives
natural color. 73c box. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca will take away that
dull look from your hair— the. only tonic that
will do It: 23c bottle. 123 Stockton St.
ONE day only: on Monday alt $2 50 switches
will be sold at $1 50; no other day; so corns
In time. Stylish halrdresslnp, 73c; manicur-
ing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants cllows us to sell
ci.caper than ready made. L. LEMO3.
1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; E32 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1644 Market st.. under St. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market at.
MASSAGE and medical cymr.astlcs given by
experienced nurse. Address box 4227. Call.
FIGER'S sweepers are ¦ best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired end for snle. at 342 Sutter.
IF you wish full value for your cast-ot! cloth-
ing call on K. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEUAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold: semi for him. 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cr.st-<-ff tlothlnc and brlc-a-
brar. H. MARKS. 2C9 Third st.: send postal.
UIKSUTINK TO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy St.
WANTED— OId gold for manuTfr. O. NOLTE
JfWfUT. 24S O' rell. bet. Powell anu Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; b001... t. J. WHITE- "
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 linden. Oakland. \
CHKAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
P'-stage paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POfYCHROMK paper? riciT~ln"tone~e^sy"to
work; low price; sample dozen 4x3 and devel-
oper mailed 23c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PHYSICIANS ANI> SUMMONS.
PARALYSIS; -
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES:
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS-
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS-
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES-
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all others have failed
r,.~ *l° lin^'fiS: NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment
S» Ue t f0 T I™*' ""SSi!- CoMuUatlon "free.
D "\ U *- STRATTON. 507. SOS and 3C9 Par-
rctt building. >Over the Emporium 1
D £-mH- £ £' P°- N - N :ELL-Ofnce and residence.
1021', Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. .
¦ d
PROPERTY WANTED.
"vnTt^ n°° *k BTH2 for a lot ne'Rhborhood of
J»orta Beach. Address 2010 Leavenworth it.
THE SAJN T JfKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
12HOTEL ARRIVAL
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs W L Kneeder, Cal
Mr & Mrs Henshaw,
N V
E H Mason, Boston
W B Buckminster, Bos
Miss A Stephenson, Cal
G Jorovich. Palo Alto
Mrs C G H Macßride.
Cal
C G H Macßride, Cal
J Goldman. N V
P H Huron, L Ang
F A Wise, Alaska
W F Barley, Denver
H Gerber. Denver
&I A Drummer, N V
R J Decy. N V
A P DuPrus, Chgo
G N Jacobi, Pa
H Dillon. L Ang
Miss Dillon. L Ang
S H Shoninger. Chgo
B £2 Yeatcb, Cbgq
A B Wagner. Phila
Mrs H Glass. Cal
F T Glass. Cal . ;
H F Dunn. Martlne*
C E Jacox, Loremo
Mrs P E Evans, B C
W S Barwell. Youngtn
Mrs TV S Barwell.
Youtvgstown
Miss BarweH'7 Youngta
J W Davis, Jackson
F E Dunlap, Stockton
TV Watt, Stanford
W J Wiley. Cal
C A Whiting. NY
C W Haviland. N V .
R Cap, Austria
H T Gage. Sacto
A R Maginnls. L Ang
G T Scott. USA
O L Spauldlng Jr. TJ
S A
A D Bbsrtdaa^ChKi)
TO SAIL.
fafPM&lE* Tne s - 3- Australia
Uw_y*li_£ sail 3 fcr Honolulu
*__{¦¦•• Wednesday. Feb. 7.
M *C —^_ ir*>. at 2 p. in.
O+<<CZL"«rN The 3 - 3 - Alameda
ea!!s vta Honolulu and
CHWIIIUIIIU Auckland for Sydney
(sfflo_(_lf- Wednesday. Feb. H,
FaTorits ttne arrsund the world via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India, Susa,
England, etc; SSIO first class.
i. D. SP*£Ci(£Li> & B.HCS.CO.. -st*.. M Ucnt3omer«
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Cffice.327 Market St.
COX7A6SIE GEHEBALS TaAKSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. f^rz-
Sailing every Thursday Instead of ¦^SffT'N
Saturday, -from November 2. 1i33. at -^J*^*^**
10 a. m.. from Pier 43. North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1; LA
BRETAGNE. Feb. S; L'AQUITAIXE. Feb. U;
LA GASCOGNE. Feb. 22. Flr3t-clas« to Havre.
J6O and upward: & per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45: Z per c-»nt re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson buiitllng). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO., Pacific Coast Agents, S
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMEH3 WILL LEAVE WHARF. COrt-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p» in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callia* at
Kobe <Hio«o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steajners for
India, etc. No carco. received, on beard on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday, Fab. •
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mardx 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. M&rcb tl
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
42. Market »t.. corner Flm.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
f> o :r, t l -A_3sr id
From Eu^ar-street Wharf at 10 a. a.
PARC Sl2 f" lrst Cla »s Including Berth
IHIIL $3 Second Class and Meala.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 23; Feb. 7. IT. 27
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Fsb. 2. U. 23
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WAP.D, General Agent.
830 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKIN3 « CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
nvr Toaz. socthaxpton. losdos. pasii
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frora New York every Wednesday, V a. cr.
St. Louis Jan. 3l'St. Louis Feb. 21
St. Paul Feb. 7;Fries:ar.d. Feb. 23
New Tork Feb. 14iNew York March T
RED STAR LINE.
Hew Yor< a~d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Southwark Jan. 31:Noord!and Feb. 21
Weaternland ...Feb. 7! Frte->land Feb. 23
Kensington Feb. 14; Southwark ....Marca 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Daw/son City.
For fall Information regarding freight *nd
passage appiy to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPACT.
30 Montgomery st-. or any of Its agencies.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Contra Costa Water T5 25
tO Hutchinson Sugar 2« 12V4
JSOOO Los Angeles Ry 5s 1&> 00
J3OOO Los Angeles Ry 6s MH S. 1 ?
100 Mutual Electric Co 1* 00
10 Oceanio S S Co 9^ 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 9i 12«
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 25
25 Market Street Railway 60 S.&
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water U M
100 Equitable Gas * 3.V*
20 Giant Powder Con 9S 00
10 Giant Powder Con ?j> I ; V4
6 Giant Powder Con 95 2o
B0 Honokaa Sugar Co, s 30 30 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial E« 50
25 Makawell Sugar Co « 25
£0 Hutchlnson Sugar Co t« 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 50
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Barker Ranch }«
100 Century | *»
100 Century *"
200 Anaconda lw
Afternoon Session.
Board-
200 Anaconda J 00
100 Yukon x *°
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Burlln&ton 100
100 Caribou £
100 National « w
Afternoon Session.
200 Burlington J 00
150 BurllnKton 1 05
200 Home OH. a 30 4 CO
60 San Luis ...., • "»
Street—
100 Caribou, sSO ~ W
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morntn: Session.
JOOCThollar 271 200 Potosl 35
100 Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 500 Potoal U
Afternoon Session.
100 Bullion 06 1M Occidental 13
200 Challenge 23 100 Overman 05
?6o Con Cvi A Va-.l 60 100 Pptosl S7
100 Mexican 32 200 Sierra Nevada.. 45
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha ••• M 700 Potosl 24
6CO Be«t & Belcher. 25 1000 Potosl 3S
IMC C & Va.... 152^4 300 Sierra Nevada. 4S
SOO C C& Va 160 900 Sierra Nevada. 47
LOO C C t V&....1 47H 100 Standard 2 50
ioo Crown Point.... 12 MO Utah 03
300 Gould & Curry. 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge M 150 Ophlr 67
MO C C & Va....H?V4 100 Ophlr «3
IS>CC&Va 16« 100 Potosl 37
800 Gould & Curry. 25 4M Sierra Nevada. 47
60 Hale & Norcrs. 41 200 Utah 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 26.— 4 p. m.
Alpha 02 04|Kentuck 01 03
Alt* ..." 02 MlLadyWa-h 03 —
Andes — 08, Mexican SO S3
Selcher M ll'Ocddental IS W
Best & Belcar. 2J 25. 0ph1r -.^ 6i 67
iiuliloti ,~-i~. 03 CS.Overcsan m rw> 05 X
ARKIT-ED
Friday, January 28.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nopaader. 4S hours from
Btmr*" Luella. Miller. «0 hours from Saa
Diego, via San Pedro M hours.
Stmr TV H Kruger. Krog, 5 days from Grays
Harbor. __ „ _
Stmr Matteawaa. Croacup. 92 hoars from
Oomox.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 5 day* 3 hours from
Seattle.
Schr Nettle Low, I/rw, 5 boors from Point
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 27.
Caledonia ...... 47 «
Chollar 27 tS
Challenge Con. 22 24
Confidence 70 , 73
Con Cal & Va.l 45 i Sfl
Con Imperial.. — 01
Con New York. — 04
Crown Point... 11 12
Exchequer 01 03
Gould & Curry. 24 X
Hale & Norcrs. S3 41
Julia 02
Justice 02 04
Potosl „ 35 37
Savage „ i« 17
Scorpion C 2
Seg Belcher. C 2 03
Sierra Nevada. 47 43
Silver Hill. 04 06
iSt Louis — 0:
j Standard —2 50
(Syndicate C 3 CS
Union Con » 30
Utah 06 ©7
Yellow Jacket. 23 23
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers leave UroaJway
fcj. wharf, San Francisco:
K^-,. For Alaskan ;>¦ rts. 13 a.
kSjU^SS^. rr... Jan. 28, 31. Feb. ;.
e^*V??*^?v^ Change to company's st-^a^n-
R^i^^ '">- r Victoria. Vancouver
RgijC^?A; fB. C). Pon Townsend.
' Seattle. Tacoroa. Everett.
Anacortea and Xew What-
com (.'Wash.). 10 a. in.. Jan.
2<5. 31. Feb. 5 and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Se-ittle to this company's steamers
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th« Superintendent.
NOTE— The hijrh and low waters . occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Rj*. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka tH-jmbcldt Bay). 2 p. in.. Jin.
£), Feb. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Slrr.eon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford iSan Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneine. San Pedro.
East Saa Pedro tLos Angeles) and Ne^rjjort, 9
a. m.. Jan. IT. 31. Feb. 4. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Dtego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Saa Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and ReUondo iLoa Angeles). H a. m..
Jan. 29, Feb. 2, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, AHata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guarmaa (Mex.), 10 a. in., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtala company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing ciates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIN3 & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
G Mason. L Ang
A W Ballard. L Anff I
H V Carter. L Ang
R II Brown, L Ang
R Bentley, Ohio
Mrs R Bentley. Ohio
M Heintzelman. N V
A R Pommer. Sacto
Mrs A R Pommer, Sac
F W Schumacher, Chgol
I Mrs A D Sheridan. Chg
W A Vawter. Chgo
Mrs W A Vawter, Chg
Miss Chapman, L Ang
H B Fischer, N V
W C Gorrell. Chgo
Mrs W C Gorrell. Chgo
J R Phillip*. Stkton
Mrs J R Phillips. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Simpson, N V
J H Gardiner. Rio Vlst
A B Patrick. Oregon
T Longmore, Hopland
E S Field. Los Angeles
Dr & Mrs V T McGUll
cuddy. Deadwood
A H Eddy. Seattle
D W Mulr, Los Angeles
J O Thomas & w, Cal
W O Hllblsh & f. Sn J
J J Shields. Los Ang
J C Hall, Redlands
G W Hendry. Cal
C A Whale, Salem
H Perry. Hollister
Miss Perry, Hclllster
A S Milltce. Riverside
J P Percival, Los Ang
Capt J P Fernald & w.
Fresno
J B Thompson, Atlantic
City
TV W Douglas, Sacto
M Biggs Jr. 'Orovllle
J D Fouse, Chicago 1
W F Maggard, Corning
W V Howard. San Jose 1
Miss McCudden, Vallejo
W P Matthews, Sacto
Mrs J B Blanchard. Cal
Miss M Teller, Cal
J M Pike, Modesto
J V Wlckersham, Nebr
W A MeMlchael. SJuan
C H Chase. Santa Crui
H J Massey, Napa Co
W M Gibson, Stockton
E D Severs. Cal
A P Hughes, London
W E Messenger. Ev
erett
Geo Owens, Los Ang
J B Sandford. Uktah
John Dobson. Wash
D H Dollar. Usal
J D Wadsworth, S Ros
C A Morrell. Suisun
J B Hoyt. Birds Landg
F A Hyland. Astoria
Mrs F A Hyland. Or
D M Rouse, Lo» Banos
J H Amos. Portland
J McCudden, Vallejo
R E Dow. Toledo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B B McLean. New York
G E Thompson, Minn
H Brown. San Jose
A G Hanson. L Ang
J F Scott. Wis
B Isola. Chicago
J B Smith, Vallejo
R Shay, Vallejo
C N Brown. Modesto
Mrs P C Connor*. Waah 1
G E Gordon & w, Cal
H Broin & w. Fresno
L T Layer. Manila
M Loomls. Haywarda
H E Gabron. Minn
Miss M King. L Ang
Miss D Edwards. L An
C Neher, Kans
J Luck, Scranton
J W Martin & w, Cal
OCEAN TBAVEL
Time— H. :2* l ,i: Vs. :4SH: "*• 1:13 - Falr s L art - _ Wo 2 ?/** three drlvin| f- Winner. D. M. Han
lon's b. m.. by Racine-Aurelia IX Sly beat her field away from the post Afamada hard
ridden through th» stretch. Ben Ledl ran to tha notch. Scratched— February 1M Malay
110, High Hoe 10S, Montgomery 110.
GOO. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400
Time— U. :25^4; }£, :50%: %. 1:16V4: mile, I:4J. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
E. W. Purser's b. g., by King Gallop-Nanka. Perseus fooled his stable. With more racing
luck Stuttgart could have won. Alaria ran a nice race. Others cheap lunk. Scratched—
Tuthlll 98, Tom Cromwell 115.
Time— U.. :UM: H. M9^; «i. 1:13 H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Sam Parker'*
b. h., by Phoenix-Glen Hop. Winner stood a long drive ramely. Lady Meddlesome weakly
ridden. El Estro no speed. Scratched— Greyhurst 109. Del Paso n 112, Imp. Clonsilla 10?,
Pomplno 106.
Time— 3-16, :IS>4: 7-l«, :43; SHf, i:0«. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Wln
. ner, D. Cameron's eh. g., by Flambeau-Bonlar. Flamero drew away when asked. Toolln did
his best. A longer route suits Colonel Root. Scratched— Paul Krusrer 112.
080. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. *330.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOR PALE
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL E?TATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS. ALL EIZES
AND TRICES.
Baker-rt. lot, near Grove, 2;x::5: $2310.
El'.is-et. lot. north side, between Franklin
ard Gough; one lot left; 27:€xlC7:£; ready for
building on; IQSQ.
Cheap. Van Ness aye.. west side, near Union;
one lot left. UxllOiS; $3000; street bltuminized
and accepted.
Elegant marine view; Vallejo *t. lots, north
fid*. botwe«»n Webster and Fl'.lmcre; 80x137:6;
|4> 'o; or ar.y «;ze front; near Fillmore-et. cars;
Pacific aye. and Union-st. cars two blocks off.
Oak St., near Claytcn. two lots. rsxi37:6.
$2600 each; etreot sewered, bltuminized, granite
curbs, slune sidewalk. . ...
Two lets, 25x331, to rear street; south slfle
O'Farrell. tx?twe»"n Laruna and Buchanan,
t37> each: tine lots; street accepted.
Pultcri «.. 'a.-ir.g the Park, near Star.yan;
north m'.ie; ;r,x:":6; JI&jO.
Only two lets left; Gough St.. befween Grove
and F'j!ton; 233137:6; tZ2ZQ; ctreet paved and
accepted.
Northeast corner Ur.lcn and Broderick, 27-fix
157:6; 13000.
Fir.c view of bay; lot S'xlM; $:C25; Devisadero
6t_. wwt side, between Green and Uclon.
Green Ft., 27:6x127:6. near Buchanan, t2300.
Unien ft., north tide. Just ¦west of Devisa-
fiero. ZZxl~:(: I2S7S.
Nor:r,w*»«t corner Union and Broderick. 44x
K2(Mt) each: •rd b« business str*et: FUlroore
Just r. rth of Union; lots 24x100: Ftcne blocks
down ar.d f«wcr in; *asy tenr.s; Fillmore from
Vnltm to the bay. -will be bujineps street
«;• : Masoale-ave. lots: 15x115: between Wal-
ler ar.d i-rederick; street paved
*">¦: Masonic eve.; ZZxiQ; near Waller bL:
u.li street work done.
$I*oo each; three lets, SxJOS; Mtscnlc aye..
near Frederick.
UrJsn st.. north elde, near Erodcrlck; grand
v.ew cf bay; cctle cars pass; lots, ar.y size
I7C a foot.
Mtgr.:ficeat view, not to b* shut out: Buer.a
VteU aye.; KxHS; C 000; Ftre et graded, mac-
edarnired asd sewered; IV, blocks south of
Haijrh: st.; facir.g Buer.a V;sta Park.
Trerr.cnt aye.: 75xS0; JCOOO; near Frederick St.;
fine view; or SIOW lor 85x80,
Golden Gate aye.; two lots, tSsSOO; JIIM each; •
near Masonic aye.
Com<"r Gfildcn Gate aad Mascnlc ayes.; Sl:3xi
10C-; crjy lISM.
Ma?or:lc-ave. let. SSxlTf-J- SlOOO
Comer Lombard and Badianan. 23x120; Jl5OO.
Lc?mbar<J-«t. lots. r3x:2o; |IM0; noar Buchan-
ar; bituminous pavement laid; a line buy.
THOMAS MAGEE & F^XS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY BT.
Sl?'Xi — BARGAIN: large IV«-«tory. hiph etocp.
bay-window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double ooors; handsomely
paneltd 7-foct Tride ball, irlth winding ttalr-
case and 6^-foct newel pest; parlor 14x17.
wairsccted dining room 12x14; sitting room
S'~txl4: waicsccted extension kitchen 10x13: I
c«iling» 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor- I
rices; pantry, glass closet, etc.; 2 bedrooms |
, acd bathroom urstalrs; 7-foct high cellar un- j
<ier all. with dcubie-donr entrance under bay; i
lot 15x120. with a rustic rtable lix 3) at end; I
jr.agr.tf.cprt view-; all fcr 11S0C; no agents. J. !
W. NEWTON. IC3O l^.h aye.. X St., Sun- j
eet district, S blocks from Golden Gate Park. ]
tSSOC*— TWO house?. 4 lets, barn, granary, grist
ir.l'l ar.d other business paying large fcr in- j
v**tmerxt; this !a a prosperous country town '¦
near the city er.d if a bargrain. AIcLAUGH- 1
LIN & CO.. 777^ Market et.
1500— IMI'ROVED property in manufacturing
diert. by an estate, rer.t %ZZ; ffiaric* and Park
clew bolMlax lota, Etanraa Et. : villa lots on
Oc«>an boulevard eri south c-f Park: Investi-
ga:-'. J. KHANKEL. room 75. 123 Sutter st-
JCEW ccttages. houses and flats fcr tale on
Pierce ar.d Waller bis., r.ear Haight; over 30
houf«« sold In tine block. Terms to suit by
F. XEL&iy, baUd«r. j
FOR eal«>. cheap — New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest iKprcvements; No* and Hill Ets.; near!
Castro-et. cars; patent sidewalk.
FOR aale— Hoqm cf S roorr.s and bath. InT
q-j:re 4<lo Twer.ty-third st.. Heyman Tract.
ti*>— HOUSE and lot; bargain; part cash if de- j
sired McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777. Market st. j
A WEEK'S sc«n for S cer.ts— The Weekly Call.
"t i-apps. Ir, wrarr^r. fcr mailing, tl per year. |
Schr Beulah, Mltcaell. TH day» frota TVIIIap^
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday, January M.
Stmr Coos Bay. GUIow. San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Haw ship Falla of Clyde. Chlpperfleld. Hllo;
J D SDreckels & Bros Co.
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks. Saorey. whal
ing; Saa Francisco Whaling Co.
SAILED.
Friday, January I*.
Stmr Jeanie. Mason. .
Stmr Umatilla. Cbuslna. Victoria, tto.
Stmr Samoa, Dur.fcani. Eureka.
Stmr I^aella, Miller, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Le'and. Santa Cru*.
Br ship Caaabuskenneth. Ksndail. Queeof)
town.
Schr TV F "VVitzemann. Berthon. HUo.
Schr Rellancy Skipper. Fort Ross.
•telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 2S, 10 p ra— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jaa 26— Stsir Se
quoia, hence Jan 23; scar PettlUa. henc» Jan 12.
Sailed Jaa 26— Schrs Repeat and Charles R
Wilson, for San Francisco. Jan 25— Stmr Grac*
Dollar, scbrs Neptune, John F Miller and Rio
Rey and tug Samson with barsrs Waahtuna in
tow. for San Francisco; schr Twilight, for San
Pedro.
POINT RETES— Passed Jaa 2S— Stmr Mlneo
la, fr^ra Nanalmo, for Port Lcs Angeles; stmr
Matteawan. from Nanaisso. for San Francisco.
BO WENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 25— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Jan 21.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jaa 23— Stnsr Noyo.
hence Jan 25.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jaa 18— St=ar Wn!te»
boro. for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 2*-Sohr Ori
ent, hence Jan Jl_
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 2«— Schr ChaE»a*er. for
Saa Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jaa 25— Jap stair Biojaa
Maru. for Yokohama: shi:> Occidental, for Saa
Francisco; schr Albert Meyer, for Saa Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Jaa K-Stmr
Atzaz&r, from ; stmr Alcatraa, frota Green
wood.
PORT TOWNTEND— SaiIed Jan »— Bark
Guy C Goss. from Vancouver, for Philadelphia;
bark Harvester, from Port Blakeley, for Saa
Francisco.
Arrived Jan *3— Stmr Mllos. frora Stagapcrs.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jaa 2S— Stair Cleon*. for Saa
Frar. clsco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jaa 29— Br bark Cbuaty
of Merioneth, from Honolulu.
Sailed Jan 25— Br bark CWfrel. far Quaen*
town: Br sh!r> Galena and Br ihip Eootttsh
Isles, for Queenatowa.
EUREKA— Arrived Jaa 2ft-Stisr Iliiner.
from Coos Bay.
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Orizaba, tor San Fraa
ctsco; stmr Nortk Fork, for San Franciaco;
schr OttlUi* Fjord, for Kahulul; »tmr Souta
Coast, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— CaIIed Jan B— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE— SaiIed Jaa 2S- Bark CarroU
ton, for Newcastle, NSW.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan S— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Jan i; Er stmr City cf London, from
Tacoma.
COLON— Arrived Jan 24— Strir Allla-aca. frota
New York.
Sailed Jaa 24— Br stnsr Atao«, for Saa Praa
dsco.
GUATEMALA— Arrived Jaa 13— Q«r «ts=r
Tanis. henca Deo 24.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Jaa 23— Er this Kizg
Arthur, for Tacoma.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Jaa 24— Stair Saa Bias,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMETR3.
HA VRB- Arrived Jan 28— Stmr La G**ccgae,
from New Torlc
HAMBURG— Arrived Jaa 23— Star Belgrarla,
from New Yoric.
GE^«OA— Sailed Jaa 28— Stsir Fuerst Bis
marck, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jaa 25— Stiar aty or
London, from Tacoma.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jaa 2&-Sts:r Georsis.
from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Augusts Vlctarla. for
Havre: »trr.r La Bretagne. far Havre; stmr
Gera. for Bremen.
Weekly Call, §1 per Year
Shipping Intelligence.
BAY AND BJ.VEit STEAMEBS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ".Monticello."
MON . Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. in.; X:l5. 8:S0 p. m- lex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:S): Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15CS.
FARE ~ tOo
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
002. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; 4-year-olds and upward; purse $100
Time— l-16. :C6%; S-16. :30H: 9-W. iKU: 13-16. 1:20%; m!le, l:40«4; 1 i-i«m, 1:45^. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, W. CahllVs b. g., by imp. Midlothian-Mottle. Scotch
Plaid came like a ghost last fifty yards. Merops Injudiciously handled. Opponent fought
It out gamely. Wyoming was always a contender. Scratched— Grand Sachem 103, Whits
Fern 96 Glengaber 101, Einstein 103. Horton 101.
603. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling? three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
Time— H. :13; *i, :36; %, 1:00^4. Good start, won eauily. second and third driving. Win
ner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. m., by Imp. Midlothian-Free Love. Mldlove had all her
speed. Lady Heloise stayed well. Vloris outrun. Asian away poorly. Scratched— Billy
Moore IC4, Bandora 99. __
081. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. J4OO.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyrlirht, MOO, by H. H. Brbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday, January 26. 1900.— Weather flne. Track fa»t.
688. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maidens; 4-year-old3 and up; purse. $3o
KEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
WHEAT farm. CSS acres, level, on county road,
1 mi!<? to town. :n Tc&aisa Co. : yields tZ bush-
rts ;-r acre; 2yO In grain; small orchard; well
S fe^t d.eez>; low price; <?asy terms; Illus-
trate book fr«^-.
MARIOX GIUFFIN. 7ir< Market, cr. Call big.
NEAR town In Tehama Ccunty. 444 acres; C 5 '
acres full beerlr-g orchard: SSO acres loam; 143
acres frood for wheat; balance pasture: house,
fcarr.: price P9.C00; easy terms." M. GRIFFIN,
71S Market St.; Illustrated book fre<?.
EaNTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
¦tock lands; owner's *a!e in tracts cf 5 to SC-0 j
• cres; easy terms, cr will exchange fcr Saa •
Franc. *co rrepmy. Arply to C. H. PHIL- 1
LIPS er.4 G. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery i
*t. between 11 a. rr;. ar.d 2 p. m. dally.
M7M.BP.AE lot! and block*: ffti'-ed; water
w. rkn. EtTTTERFinT-D. ST7 Market rt.
TES. S3 r»r were up: farm Ust; fr*» fare. M.
Or.TtTTN. m Marker st. . ->a- fill bu'.ld'.ng. |
UUUNI I'UH '(ill kEUfEfMG.
BUCHANAN. €02. n«ar Fell— Sunny; furnished;
bay window; kitchen; pantry; folding b^d; Slii.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: 10'ite at-
tention UNCLE HARRIS. V, Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions <
received at Call branch efflce. 2C21 F:lln:ore st.
CI AT 24:u near F:!imore— 2 large unfurnished
rcrorr.s; yard; water; rtar; rent $7.
EriDT, &IS— 4 unfum. runny rooms; finely pa-
r«ered: all conveniences; fine location: private.
EIGHTH. 'Hi. near Market— One large sunny
beCny-im. puitabie fcr man and wife "r 2 gen-
tlemen; housekpg If <3e«ir*d; also 1 single rm.
FIFTH. H%— Two furnished roorrj for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 2Z3 — Newly fumiehed double parlors,
kitchen and bath. 120; also single rms., $4 up.
FRANKLIN. Zl— Newport House; housekeeping
rootr:?; also single; every convenience.
FULTON. 121V- Three eunny frcnt furnished
r - rr.s. range; water; Urge yari; also ur.fur-
r.ishei; n-r.t VS.. ;
FULTON. €71— Three furnished rccrrji for i
housekeeping; rer.t 111.
UARKET, ICCS— 3 rocrr-s furnished for house-
teeptoc: tU.
MARKET. 1 1 H — Cosy room; fcldisg bed; mom-
Ir.g sun: rent t5-
MI?SION. 12"1— Front rocm ar.d kitchen; also j
ethers; $11. $*. %Z.
SUTTER. 2OC2— Sunny frcr.t rooms. fumish<--d
<,r unfurnished; light housekeeping cr other-
wise^
TATLOR. 277— Nice sunny rocms fcr hous*k»«>p- |
!r.g. gas. bath, etc.; also eisgle rooms, pri- j
vat*, cheap. I
THIRD. £16— FrcBt eunsy housekeeping rooms; i
rTit reasonable.
THXP.D, 340 — On* large front room, complete
.for housekeeping; J7 per month.
TURK, lit— Nice sunny furnishM room; grate,
pas er.3 bath: If; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call adi-ertisemesis and
tsteerlptlaSS has been established at the I
ncrthwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken- i
tucky sts.: ci>en until S p. ro.
A BRANCH office for the recrtt'.on of adver-
tisements and BUtwrfptlons has been opened
at 123 Polk Et. : open ur.til 9 p. m.
A BSAICCH office for Call advertisements and
»üb*rrirt!ocs has been established at IOiS Va-
i:«m*:> TO LET— Furn. and Inlurn.
A-BRUNHWICK HOUSE, 141 Sixth— Rooms
lie to II per night; tl 25 to $5 per week, and
light hous»kf*p'.ng: open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk an<» Taylcr sts.—
HcTtllke hcuse; medern eervice; elevator;
Itt'h: rooms i^c t-> tl to day. MRS. J. KING.
AT £2 Sccund— rice new papered and reno-
•mtc4 frcr.t rootrs: tl 50 to f2 SO a week.
'k— ••THE ELMER HOUFE." 224 Bush et.. ad-
Joinir.e the Ruws Hotel; ti rooms: all prices.
fcOKEIIIA, 539 Port, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
Der suit* and eln*cle rooms: hot aad cold
water: elevator and all conveniences.
IX'nxrrT. UK Market *>t. <old No. 13S4>— Fur-
cii?rj»-4 rms.. «ultes. single: also unfurnlshed-
BOBBOW on ptsno*, furaiture. diamond*,
painting*; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant t».
CAPP, I4 — Furr.'shr3 rooms; rest reasonable.
CAHROLTON. 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
tve- Eur.ny corr.t.-; well f um. : rms. A cf3c«s.
CLASSIFIED advertisetserts ar.d subscription*
received at Call branch orfice. 2200 Fi!!mc-e st.
POLSOM. d, near Fourth— Furnished rooms, 51
per week.
FOLSOIt, SCS. rcrner Sixth (Th* Oliver)— Bunny
furnished rooms; etiltes or alcgle; new rngt.
<- ; Kary. 4 f i& <The Navarre)— Elegantly ifurnlsh-
»d rocn-.g. »n suite w tlr.glf. MRS H. HTER.
Gt'-AKT) POUTHERN. southeast ccr. Seventh
«na Mitsion ste. — Sunny racms. en suite or |
nr.jrl*; ladies' r.ar!or: readini room; elevator. !
GRANT av#.. »i <The Wellington)— A family
rooming bonse; elegantly furnished rooms;
rrate». gap, bath; hot and cold water; 60c
fl ZQ per night; $2 50 to J7 per week.
HANCOCK Boom. 7H Mission— Select famllr
rccr-.lnc haute; $1 Ui to $G per week.
HOWARD. 715-200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
c'.fbfd: evfry ccr.venifr.ee; electric lights.
HOWARD, e*-Ctcanj respectable; 230-Jl per
night; fl-tZ per »e«k; Howard cars to door.
H^DE. 40J£-£u»ajr furnished room; «ui table for
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
MCALLISTER. 220^. ocp. City Hall— Large fur-
rlEhed back roora with stove, «; small room J5.
MINNA, 2S-Sunny furnished single and dou-
ble rooms. 75c and tl per week.
M /i^ N A ' 65 ~ Flve cle *n rooms for a quiet fam-
M P >NA - 667 - cotT -er Eighth— Newly furnished
tay- window room. » per week: transient.
NATOMA, E04 — 5 furnished rooms in private
family, with or without board; gentlemen
preferred.
O-FARRELL, 2t>-£t:any furnished rooms and
cff.ces; : ,.- t^ r . . lgcu .;- lights; day. wk.. mo.
POLK, 1635 — Comfortable room: private; gas;
running water; suitable for clerk; t6.
ROSEDALE. 121 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
I'c a night: !1 a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 116 Ellis st— Incandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Ssc to $1 £0; week, XI to
SS: month, %% to $30; elevatv on office floor;
rocms with hct and cold water; baths.
EJIERMAN Apartment House. JS Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SVTTER. 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg. ; terras reasonable.
TEHAMA, E&— Furnished rocms to let; by the
week or m«nth.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
' TI'HIC. IT7— Nice eunny furnished rocms, $5 to
$S; aiso a front room; quiet house.
TVRK. £42— Large alcove room: grate; Joining
bath; sun aM day; crl. family: suitable for 2.
j VEROXA rlace. 17, near Third — Sunny rooms;
tl up a week; by a single woman.
j A BRANCH cff.ee for Call advertisements and
etsbyeriptlcns has been established at 1096 Va-
;en<~'.a et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 3C23 Pc!k et.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements ani
RtbseriptSosa has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky yts. ; rpen till 9 p. m.
ROUMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
IK minutes' walk to Geary and Kearnv. Box
4115, Cal!.
¦WANTED— By responsible party. 3 or 4 fur-
nish<>l rooms for l'.sht housekeeping or small
furnished flat, north of Market st: rent must
be reasonable. Address box 4175. Call.
TWO or three unfumiBhed sunny rooms; upper
floor: by mi<s3le-aged lady. Address, with
term? p.nd location, A. M.. 21"? Howard st.
i — *""^^^*^ •~"^" — ' l ~*^^"~—
j SPECIAL NOTICES.
I SAN Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
dety— Many rases of diphtheria and scarlet
fever being reported In the city, it has been
decided to admit no visitor*! cr friends of tne
children at the San Francisco Protestant Or-
ihan Asylum for the present. The health of
the children at the institution la excellent.
; ar.d this prerauticn Is to keep It so. By order
of tfce president.
\ M. P. MacCRELLISH. Secretary.
ROOMS parered from $3; whitened. $1 uo;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants *J»cted fr T U: collections mad»;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Mfßtg-»r,<TT ft., rooms 9-1«: tel. 8520.
SKWT3TG MACHIXES AXI> SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
riiPs. Btan£ard Apf-ney. H.". €th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds boucM. sold, exchanged, rented: re-
rEtrir.c at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlc-. 4CI FV»t st.. rnr. Powell: tel. Main 5711
I ALAMF.DA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
WE offer the following special bargains:
HKO — House of 4 rooms and bath: lot 66xli^O.
lift*) — House of 5 rooms, bath. etc. : lot 40x1^3.
5354S — House of 5 rooms, all modern improve-
ments; lot 40x130; rear bay shor<?.
JiWO — House of 10 rooms, all modern improve-
t ments. fine location; lot tfixUO.
13000 — House of 9 rooms: lot TSxloO; artesian
well. eto.. new and rlrst -class; tinest location
In Alameda. E. D. JUDD CO..
14C4 Park et.
A HOME— ?md description, conditicn and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE 9r.
1400 Wchst'r *t.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1 NEW cottage of 6 large rooms, bath, pantry, |
hot and eld water; also good well water: i
hiih basement: brick foundation; large lot; |
etrset sewered and macadamized: one block j
from railroad station: two electric car lines; ]
close to schools and churches; prl^e $1800. $100 j
cash, balance $1". p«T month. Take Berkeley |
train. Ret of? at Lorln. ask for RUDOLPH & 1
PKRKXXS: office open Sundays.
TWO new cottages of 5 rooms, pantry and bath j
i In each; large lot; street work all done; close
i to school and churches.
Pr!ce $1100 each. $100 cash, balance $.15 per ;
I month.
j Take Berkeley train, eet off at Lorln, ask
! for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open Pun-
i dar*.
NEW 4-rocm cottage; polished floors, cove cell-
ings and picture molding: stationary tubs; all
modern furnished; close In; ISSO. Call or ad-
dress 2137 Ijwight way, Berkeley.
{liC*— 7-ROOM house; lot 50x100; SCOO cash,
balance on terms to suit. W. C. MORAN.
I, , .
! CHEAPEST and best in America— The ¦Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the 1
UnltPd States. r^straM. for $1 p*r year.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFICE— QO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i t NEW homes, Just completed; the latest im-
provements ; ranging in price from $1600 to
SS-XQ; convenient to station: they are bar-
cairs ar.d worth the time to examine them;
first corn*, first choice.
J. S. MTER3.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
j L/VT In San Francisco trade for carpenter
! work. E. E. BL'N'OE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
i OAKLAMJ rIKMTI'RD FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Fchellhaas. the
furcltnre dealer. 11th «nd Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 101 (50c per
fhare) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
! company. 227 Market st.. en and after Thurs-
day. February 1. 1500. Transfer books wilt
close on Friday. Jpnuary 26. 1900, at 2 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BANT FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 25. 1300.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. February 24,
IS'<>. and then opened, for construction of
power-house, electrical machinery, heating
system. Ice machine and cold storage, filter
plant, kitchen and laundry machinery, etc.,
for U. S. General Hcspital at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bide in whole or
In r-art. Preference given to articles cf do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (including in the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
ruch jrff«»renee given to articles of American
prciuctlon produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public 1
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M MARSHALL. Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Ch!ef Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Josle A. de Lemcs, SS, Novato, and Adelaide
Kunw, IS. city.
Leno Schaaf. 24. 1235 Pacific street, and Nettle 1
T. Castro. 19, IT3-". Pacific street.
Frank Lucia. 52. 4 Pollard place, and Maria I
Carbella. CO, 4 Pollard place. ,
Benjamin Lapidery. S6. 1003 McAllister street. ,
and Rosa Goldrath, ST., 67.'> Willow avenue. '
Roger J. Gllbrid*. 25. «M Third street, and
Charlotte Thompson, 23, 404 Third street. '
~IIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. |
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by J
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed <
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- .
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
DALLAM— In this city. January 7. 1900, to the
wife of F. B. Dallam, a daughter.
6EGUINE— In this city. January 14, 1300. to the
wife of H. Serulne, a daughter.
MARBLED.
FORD— 'WEHR— In this city, January 24, 1900,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, William C. Ford
and Nettie Wehr.
SMITH— TREADWELL— In this city, January I
25, IWX), by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, Boys J. 1
i c. Smith and F.cslna 11. Treadwell, both of '
, £aa Frasclftco. U
DIED.
Blethen. Annie J.
Driessea, Lena
Durkln. James
Einstein, Morris
Fick, Lily
Figuelredo, Mary
French. Ernest H.
Freiermuth. Sarah L.
Friedman, Julius
Hoeck. Thomas N.
Klein. Theodore
Mackenzie. Bessie
Maltby. Charles
Osgood. Catherine
Renwick, Jamea
Rowan, Maggie
Steele. Lieut. Jas. R.
gweeny, Thomaa U.
Thlel. Elsie I.
Thornton, Harry A.
Tock, George
Westphal, Louis A.
Whltten, Thomas
Xavler. Catherine
BLETHEN —In this city, January Jo, 1300,
Annia J., beloved wife of Clark Blethen. and
mother of Stella A. Blethen. a native of
Maine, aged 56 years. (Oakland. Cal.. papers
please copy.)
ICTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the fam-
ily residence, 171S Washington street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Towaeend streets.
DRIESSEA— In this city, January 26, 1300. Lena,
dearly beloved daughter of George and Caro-
line Driessea. and sister of August, Albert.
Otto. Carl and Frieda Driessea, a native of
Honolulu, aced 14 years S months and 13
days.
DURKIN— In this city. January 25. 1300, at the
family residence, 12*3 Folsom street, James,
beloved husband of Eliza Durkln, and father
of Mary E., Lulu F. and Edward Durkin,
Mrs. David S. Heilferty of New York and
the lat»r Hilary Durkln, a native of Ireland.
(New York and Babylon, Long Island, papers
please copy.)
CTFrlends are invited to attend the re-
quiem high mass this day (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, at St. Joseph's Church. Interment
private.
EINSTEIN— In this city. January 25, 1900. Mor-
ris Einstein, beloved husband of Mathilda
Einstein, and father of Mrs. Tneo. Maasfleld
of New York, a native or Germany, aced 70
years aed S months.
CTTrie-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 5:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2321 Sacramento* street, under the aus-
pices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
FICK— In Oakland. January 25, ISOO. Lily, be-
loved daughter of August and the late Annie
Fick. and sister of Francis. Aueust. Anna
and Albert Fick. a native of San Francisco.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
nSunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1019ia Wood street. Oakland.
FRIEDMAN— Entered into rest. January 21.
IXH), at the Palace, Julius Friedman, a na-
tive of Mitau, Kurland. aged 77 years.
CTFuneral cortege will leave Third and
Townsend streets, to-morrow (.Sunday), at
11:15 o'clock, by special train, to Cypres3
Lawn Cemetery, where the remains will be
cremated, in accordance with the wishes of
the deceased. Interment strictly private.
FIGUEIREDO (nee GLOVER)— In this city,
January 2<\ IWO, Mary, dearly beloved wife
of V. L. de Figueiredo, mother of Jennie
and Joseph de Figuelredo, beloved daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Glover, and darling sis-
ter of George A., John F., Stephen C, Mag-
gie A., Jennie T., Dr. C. A., Andrew J. and
James J. Glover, a native of Baa Franclaco,
aged 2S years. ,
E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take plaoe
Monday, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1916 A Powell street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock, thence to
Mount Calvary Cemetery for Interment.
FRENCH— In this city, January 26, 1900. Ernest
Hart, dearly beloved eon of Joseph and Fran-
ces Ann French, a native of England, aged
17 years.
FREIERMUTH— In this city. January 25, 1900,
Sarah L. FreiemiUth, beloved mother of Sarah
L. Stelglcman. H. W. Freiermuth and the late
George A. Freiermuth. a native of Fayette,
Me., aged 71 years 5 months and 28 days.
OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ir.r:ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. M 6 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOECK— In this city, January 23. 1300, Thomas
Nicholas Hoeck. only and beloved son of
Mamie and the late Thomas Hoeck, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years 3 months and
25 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Loußhran, Sl9 Bryant street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KLEIN— In this city, January 26, 1900, Theo-
dore Klein, deariy beloved husband oi Maria
Klein, and beloved father of Joseph Klein.
Mrs. H. Perry and Theodore G. and Freder-
ick A. Klein, a native of Germany, aged 7S
years.
r~7"Th» funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
cf his daughter, Mrs. H. Perry, 448 Thirty-
fifth avenue, near Point Lolx>s avenue. In-
terment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MACKENZIB—In this city. January 26, 1900,
Bessie, dearly heloved wife of Angus Mac-
kenzie, and mother of Mrs. James Adamson
and William and Jessie C. Mackenzie, a na-
tive of New Brunswick, aged 67 years.
C-/ 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12S Mississippi street. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MALTBY— In this city, January 26, ISOO, Charles
Ma'.tby, father of C. F. Maltby, a native of
Vermont, ag-ed SS years 3 months and 17 days.
OSGOOD— In this city, January 26, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Hosea Osgood, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 69 years and 23 days.
RENWICK— In this city, January 24, 1300,
James, beloved husband of Anna Renwick
and father of Mrs. R. H. Roane and the late
Mrs. William McNaughton and Kate and
Louise Renwick, a native of England, aged
71 years 9 months and 1 day.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Grace
Methodlrt Episcopal Church, corner Capp and
Twenty-first streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cf-metery by electric funeral car, cor-
ner Twenty-second and Guerrero streets, at
2:30 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
ROWAN— In this city. January 26, ISOC Mag-
gie, wife cf Philip Rowan, and mother of
John Rowan, a native of Canada, aged 45
years.
STKELE— At Siboney. Cuba. August 5. 1835
Lieutenant James R. Steel-, Signal Corps,
U. B. A., dearly beloved husband of Anna
M. Steele, and father of Geary A. and Kate
A. Sttrela. aged 32 years.
; E7"Notic* of funeral hereafter.
SWEENY — In this city, January 24, 1900,
Thomas U. Sweeny, a native of New York
City, aged 70 years 4 months and 3 days
CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday)
at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
THIJCL— In this city, January 28, 1900 Elsie
Irene, b?loved daughter of J. o. and Flora
Thiel, a native of Dcs Moines, lowa, aged 3
years and 5 months.
THORNTON— In this city, January 24 1900
Harry A., beloved con of William and Annie
Thornton, and brother of Kittle. Meda. Hazel
Willie and Eugene Thornton, a native of
Hcranton, Pa., aged 15 years 7 months and 2t
days.
C7"Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 77 Wood street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for- the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TOCK— In this city, January 28, 1900, George
Tock. a native of New York, aged 44 years.
WESTPHAL— In Manila. March 11, 1899, Louis
A., beloved son of Louie and Eliza West-
phal. and brother of Ernest. Albert and Meta
Westphal, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years and 3 months.
WHITTEN— In Skaguay. Alaska, January 10
1900, Thomas, beloved husband of Jennie
Whltten. and father of Dora and Percival
Whltten. a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
XAVIER— In this city, January 24, 1800, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John Xavler. mother
of Nellie Larkln, Joseph, Martin, John
Mary and Isabel Xavler, and daughter of
Ellen and the late Martin Lynott, a native of
New York, aged 45 years.
CSTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2C63 Post street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flann&gan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUIER3
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. '
Telephone South SO.
Deponon Heavily Played.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 26.— Dr. "Walms-
ley and Acushla were the winning favor-
ites to-day. Deponon, who won the sec-
ond race, was played heavily and his
price receded from 15 to 5. Results:
Selling, eeven furlongs— Dr. Walmsley won
Corialis second. J. E. Cllne third. Time, 1-29
One mile— Deponon won, Joe Wheeler second'
Harry Lucasco third. Time, t:43&
One mile and an eighth— Moncrelth won. King
Elkwood second. Tonto third. Time, 1:56.
Handicap, one mile— Eva Rice won, Andes
second, Florlzar third. Time, 1:40%.
Selling, one mile— Acushla won, George B
Cox second. Domozetta third. Time. 1:42 V».
Selling, six and a half furlongs— Ben Chance
won, Fleuron Becond, Diana Fonso third. Time,
1:22%.
Ex-Assemblyman Hershey XJL
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan 26.— Ex-Assemblyman
Hershey is reported to be ill at his resi-
dence near Blacks. ' " ; : v
Builders' Contracts.
Wells, Fargo & Co. (owners) with Richardson
& Gale (contractors), architects Percy & Ham-
ilton—All work except calking of stable floors,
additions to stable building on lot on SE line of
Folsora street. 1 137:6 SW of Second. SW 137 :«
.by BE 275; J7150. , v;.-; , v
FLAMERO A
MAIDEN WITH
SOME SPEED
About the Warmest Thing o'
the Day at Oakland.
Cormorant Scores*
Don Cameron carved a large ripe water
melon at Oakland track yester
day with a maiden named Flam
ero. The Calgary turfman has
turned many a coup on different oc
casions with flying May W, and his name
is a synonym for "uncorking." Flamero
is a gelding by Flambeau, and his name
kept the wires to different Eastern pool
rooms broilng hot, it is Bald. When some
of the more Intrepid pencllers chalked up
10 to 1 they were nearly knocked off the
block, until 8 to 5 was about the price
at which most people got aboard. Tim
Tdolin cut out the work for quite a piece,
when Jenkins shook Flamero up and tak
ing the lead won easily. The ring did not
suffer to any great extent, as the maiden
had been too highly touted, and, figura
tively speaking, "the books were on." The
out-of-town poolrooms probably did not
fare so well.
Three favorites, a second choice and two
outsiders captured purses. Perseus, which
won at odds of 30 to 1, was allowed to run
loose by his stable. Jenkins and Bullman
divided the riding honors, each piloting
two winners.
In a hurricane four-head finish on the
winning post Scotch Plaid, Merops, Op
ponent and Wyoming passed the judges
in the order named at the conclusion of
the mile and a sixteenth selling run.
Clem Jenkins sat on the winner, which
closed a 6 to 5 choice, and a furlong from
¦the stand his chances were problematical.
The last fifty yards the gelding fairly
flew, just snatching victory in one of the
prettiest drives of the season. Merops
received strong support at odds of 4 to 1,
which long price was probably laid be
cause little Phelan had the mount.
Cormorant, owned by Sam Parker, the
Hawaiian turfman, and ridden by Piggott,
was first over the line in the second event,
at odds of 15 to 1. Getting away last of
his field, he soon showed second, and out
gaming St. Cuthbert, the favorite, got the
verdict by a neck. His owner made quite
a cleanup over the gelding's win.
Leading all the way, Perseus stood a
drive in the mile selling run, and beat
Stuttgart, the favorite, a nose at the fin
ish. The latter would have won but for
being interfered with on one or two oc
casions.
Mldlove enjoyed an easy victory in the
five furlong run. Alto 2 chance, she was
never headed, the place falling to Lady
Heloise, a 40 to 1 shot.
Once more Sly gained a decision over
Afamada, and if she accomplishes the
feat again it will be generally con
ceded that Hanlon's mare has the "Indian
sign" on the Easterner. Afamada enjoyed
first call in the ring, with 4 to 1 against
Sly. Bullman, astride the latter, beat
his field away, and in a long drive, won
by a head in 1:13 flat. Ben Ledi ran third.
CRACK HORSES WILL
SPORT SILK TO-DAY
Bannockburn, the Record Holder,
Among the Starters for the
Rich Lissak Stake.
The rich Lissak handicap, one of the
classic events of the track across the
bay, is down for decision this afternoon.
The distance Is one mile ar.d in caliber the
field quite equals that which lined up for
the Turf Congress stake, on which occa
sion the coast record was shattered.
Geyser will be an absentee, but Ban
nockburn, Tlmemaker, Yellowtail. Dr.
Sheppard, David Tenny, Rosormonde,
Flamora, Formero, F. W. Brode, Dr.
Xembula and Ventoro are an ensemble of
horseflesh which would attract a world
of attention on any track in the country.
In fact, it would be difficult to gather to
gether a greater collection of speed, and
It would not be surprising If the record
should be equaled if not lowered.
Bannockburn is asked to carry 12S
pounds, but he Is a wonderful weight
packer, as shown when he made the coast
record. Yellowtail recently ran a re
markable seven furlongs with big weight
up and to-day with weight off may stay
the route. Timemaker is never beaten
until the wire Is reached, and Dr. Nem
bula looks to have a royal chance with
101 pounds up. The Burns & Waterhouse
pair, David Tenny and Dr. Sheppard,
have both displayed rare form of late
and will have a host of followers. The big
event is fourth on the card.
Frank Doss was again on hand to give
Sly a "boost." Entered to be sold for
$500, Doss made one bid of it, saying $1200.
Dan Hanlon retained the mare with an
additional ?5.
Bullman finished on Mldlove with one
stirrup, the other being broken during
the progress of the race. Bullman is
riding like a demon to maintain his lead
in the riding contest, and now has a host
of followers. The score now stands;
Bullman 45 Henry 4
Jenkins "'-' Conley 4
Spencer 17 L. Turner 4
T. Walsh 17 J. Daly 3
E. Jones 14 J. Martin S
Thorpe 12 Kiley 1
Plggott S Fauntleroy 1
Ross 6 W\ Hennessey 1
Phelan 6 Morgan I
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Seven furlong*; three- year-olds;
selling:
(SS3)Andrissa U4f(S3l)Mont Eagle 104
(217) Essence 104! (646) Limerick 107
C27)Tuthlll 107 653 Daniel 104
633 Antoinetta 102'
Second race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward:
(657)Norford 104 666 Lady Britannic. 107
656 Installator 113 693 Burdoc 101
650 Zlska 83 671 Coming Event... S9
678 Harry Thatcher.lol 664 Gundara 99
(671)RedwaId I<H 667 Dlomed 101
(640)Flrst Shot 10 H 653 L. B. Whlrter...lO4
¦ Third race — Three furlongs; maiden two-year
olds:
... Peut Etre 113 ... Cavanaugh 113
635 Lily Dlggs U° ¦•• Aphrodls 110
... Game Warden.. .llo 655 Grafter 110
635 Woeful 103 630 Slg Levy 113
655 St. Rica 105 655 Shotaway 105
... Parsifal 113 ... Gladia 110
Fourth race— One mile; two-year-olds and up
ward: the Lissak handicap; $1300:
679 rormero 102 I 652 Imperious 98
649 Rosormonde ....112 687 Ventoro 112
686 InstaJlator 103 6bl Flower of G01d.. 102
679 David Tenny....lol (661) Bannockburn ...128
(667)Tellowtall 1" (65O)Ttmemaker US
CS6 Flamora 86 (6S6)Dr, Sneppard....Uo
689 St. Cuthbert 90 <6SO)F. W. Brode 10S
667 Constellator 90 656 Dr. Nembula ...101
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; free handicap:
693 Ben Ledl 105 ; 661 Bendoran 122
(6S7)Novla HO ! 603 Frank Bell 110
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds; selling:
(S64)Saul of Tarsus.. lo7 671 Miss Vera 106
685 Florablrd ;.U0 ... Ting-a-Llng ....103
613 Nance O'Nell 105 640 Fille dOr 105
648 Aborigine 107 6SS Choteau HO
6«4 Bisquoc 107 671 Hipponax U0
845 Mißsio.a .....110
Sections for To-Day.
First race— AndrUsa, Tuthlll, Limerick.
Second race — Dtomed. Gundara, Harry
Thatcher.
Third race— gig Levy, Lily Diggg, Grafter.
Fourth race— Burns & Waterhouse. stable;
Bannockburn. Dr. Nembula.
Fifth race— Bendoran, Novla, Ben Ledl.
Blxth race— Saul of Tarsus, Nanc« O"Neil.
Hipponax. ___________^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as t£> time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column th« third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings oa the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Board —
Board-
13
Sun rises 7-15
Sun sets 5-23
Moon rises 4:« a. m.
C Time Time) I Time Time I
£. ; Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W H W I> W Hw!
___ i 1 t r 1 i 1
27 ... 1:34 S.2J 7:31 S.«| J:ss|-«.lj 10:u| 4.3
Z3 ... 2:3$ 3.2 8:30 5.8 3:40!— 0.«l 13:35! 4.«
» ... t:3O 3.0! 9.ZS 8.0 4-2l'-0.7l U:32l 5.0
30 ... 4:22 2.7 10:21 8.0 6:06J 0.7 }
HWLWH W L, w
31 ... 0:03 5.2 5:13 2.2 11:1S 6.0' 5:45'— 0.1
1 ... 0:45 5.3 6:04 1.9 12:101 5.7 8:25! 0.0
2 ... l:20| 5.5 6:57 1.6 1:05 5.4 T:08l 0.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
. —
Corona San Diego Jan. 21
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 21
Curacao Maxlco Jan. 21
Queen Victoria * Puget Sound Jin. 21
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. 21
Arcata .Coos Bay Jan. 21
Geo. W. Elder.. I Portland [Jan. 21
San Pedro San Pedro Jan. 2*
Homer (Portland Jan. 25
A. Blanehard...|Coos Bay Jan. X
Volumcla [Hamburg Jan. i.
Bonlta (Newport Jan. 2i
TlUamook TUlamook Jan. 2S
Samoa Humboldt Jan. £
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 3.
Australia Honolulu Jan. 5i
State of Ca1.... Portland Jan. 3t
Albion Crescent City Jan. 3t
Bristol Oyster Harbor Jan. Zi.
Willamette- ..... Seattle Jan. £
Mackinaw [Seattle Jan. 3C
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 3]
Ban Bias Panama Jan. 31
South Portland Oyster Harbor Jan. 31
Lady Jotcey.... China and Japan Jan. 3]
Point Arena.... Point Arena jFeb. 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pu«et Sound.Feb. 1
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. J
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 5
Cxarina Puget Sound Feb. :
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 3
Columbia Portland |Feb. i
.earner.
Coos 80y... Newport Jan. XI. S amjPter 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 27. 3pm Pier 1
C Nelson.. Puget Sound.. [Jan. 27, 5 pm|Pler 3
Centennial Kahulul [Jan. 27. 12 m;SW 1
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 23. W am Pier 2
San Pedro.. HumboMt Jan. 2S. 4pm Pier i;
Arcata Coob Bay Jan. 28. WamPleri;
Corona San Dtego Jan. 29. 11 am Pier V
Orizaba jHumboldt Jan. t*. I pmjPler !
Colon IPanama jJan. 2S. 11 miPMSii
Coqutlle Rv Grays Harbor: Jan. 29, 6 pmjPler 25
A Blanch'diCoos Bay 'Jan. 23, Spm.Pleri:
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 30, 9 am: Pier 3
Bonlta San Pedro Jan. 21. SamiPlerU
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. ft, WamjPler '.
Doric China* Japan Feb. 1. IpmPMSS
Pomona .... San Dleyo Feb. I, 11 am.Pter 1]
State of Cal 'Portland Feb. 2. ID am Pier 2j
Samoa (Humboldt Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 1<
Index. Horse. Age. Weighl'st. Urn.
... Flamero, 4 11! S 77. 2 Vi
676 Tim Toolln, & 115 4 ... 13
644 Colonel Root, 5 ill 6 ... 6 4
657 Senora Caesar, 4....1i)3 3 ... 1 14
639 Helen G, 5 ;iO3 7 „. 6 h
676 Delecta, 4 HO 1 „. 8 4
639 Hunch, 4 lO> 3 4 4
... Henry C, 5 U5 » .M. M » 1
... Harry Corby, 4 112 2 .„ 3 U
... May Bloom, 4 119 10 ... 10
I IBettin*.
%m. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
~Ti IT7~ Tt Jenkins | ID «
11 ... 2 1 E. Jones 2 3
6 h ... 3 1 Plggott S 15
4 14 ... 4 4C Ross 3 4
7 2 ... 5 H T. Walsh 8 12
6 h ... 6 2 Rnti Si> »
3 1 ... 7 4 Bu'.lrrraii 30 40
10 ... 8 1 I. Powell 19 SO
8 1 ... 9 1 Hennessey .... 7 SO
9 1 ... 10 JHenry V> 30
ndes. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. ijm. &m. %m.
663 Cormorant, 4 111! 8 771 t~l Tl
667 St. Cuthbert. 5 109 X ... n v
(670) Momentum, 5 11! 2 ... 4 1 ]]
(623) Lady Med'some. 4.. 104 5 ... S3 4 h
6SI Tirade, 4 110 3 ... S h 8)
677 Croker, 4 106 4 ... 8 7 1
611 P. A. Flnnegan, 8..10© 7 ... 7 H 8
564 El Estro, 4 104 S ... 6! 6 1
Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
2 1 In Plfrgott
114 2 1 E. Jones
S3 S 1H Jenkins
4 2 4 C T. Walsh....
5 1 5 4 Conley
7 1 6 2 Bullman ....
8 t 1 Hennessey ..
6 1 8 J. Martin
iOp. Cl.
777] S 5
... S-S »-l)
... 6 i
... « 13-5
S 13
... 15 20
... W 200
... 13 30
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
... Perseus, a... 97 J
6SI Stuttgart. 4 ...107 1
642 Alaria, 4 110 3
664 Corolla. 3 75 S
657 Cipriano, 5 97 5
623 Whaleback. 4 112 ft
593 Rlxford, 3 91 9
638 Antler. 3 S3 7
62S Summer, 3 92 4
647 Ailenna, 3 93 Left
Hia. Hm. %m.
12 12 11
3h4 1 4 S
2 »i 3 li 2 h
5h 2 h m
«H6 H 8 b
» 6 2 6 10
Sh 71 71
7 1 8 1 SI
4H 9 »
Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
T% 1 ns IT. Walsh
12 2 2 Bullman
S 2 S 2 Fanntleroy ...
«4 4 3 J. Martin
5 1 5 1 Henry
«15 8!0 Conley
» 1 7 1 Phelan
8 8 810 Lofrue
9 9 Buchanan ....
... ... Holmes
[Op. Cl.
3 23
e-S 7-13
5 25
W 7
40 200
7 S
S IS
15 100
U 20
10 15
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.
KO3 Mldlove, 4 11l 3
€83 Lady Heloisa. » 115 2
672 Tlburon. 4 113 6
676 Vlorls. 4 11l 4
2SO Waterwiek. 3 104 7
663 Mafada, a 120 1
... Asian, 3 ....i 10S 9
625 Bogua BUI. 3 194 10
672 Brown Prince. 6.... 117 8
609 Druldesa, 3 99 5
Km. Hm.
1 1
2 1
... 4 1
a h
8 6
E 2
9 S
10
7 H
8H
*4m.
H*
4 2
3tt .
6 1
c a
9 1
10
8 h
Str.
1 2
3 h
. 4 2
5H
6 4
8 M
9 1
10
7 2
Fin. | Jocksyg. IQp. Cl.
1 2 [BuJlman ~TS T»
2 1H E. Ros» 19 40
3 H Morgran 4 T
4 2 [Jenkins 20 20
5 3 |J. Martin 8 13
« * IPlffgrott lij 20
7 n ISpencer i 8 10
8 Vt IT. Walsh 20 *>
9 3 !H. Stuart SV> 730
10 |Phelan | 40 100
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
665 Scotch Plaid. 5 103 4
(666) Merops, 4 101 5
(61S) Opponent, 5 106 2
674 Wyoming, a 1031 3
(575) Imperious, 5 106! 1
... Mary Klnsella. 4...10J 7
(647) Jinßle Jingle, 4 96 6
Km.
6 n
C 3
3 h
4 m
It
7
t h
5 1
6 h
4 S
8 n
JW
In
a l
5 H
4 1
1 n
24
8 1
Str.
41
1 n
3 4
1 h
5 1
7
6 1
Fin.
1 h
3 h
3n
46
S3
« 3
7
: Jockeys.
Jenkins
Phelan
Bullraan ....
T. Walsh....
E. Jones
Vlttitoa
J. Martin....
'Op.
... 8-5
... 3
... 7-S
... 7-2
B
... 15
... 15
CL
6-5
4
a
20
35
30
ndex. Horse. Age. Wei
(675) Sly, 6
675 Afamada, 5
660 Ben Ledl. 4
(540) Southern Girl, 3...
646 Burdock. 3
662 Antoinette. 3
665 Mike Rice, a
lght.jSt.
...108 1
...10S 3
...108 2
... S3 6
...95 7
... S3 5
..110 4
Hm.
Ti~
2 H
3 3
5 1
6 2
7
4 H
1 h
»2K
3 3
6 4
6 S
7
< H
Str.
2 3
1 n
S3
4 1
63
7
5 t
Fin.
1 h
2 S
33
4 5
5 1
S 1
7
| Jockeys.
Buiiman ...
Jenkins ....
E. Ross
J. Martin...
T. Walsh...
Helnson ...
HennMjey
|Op._Cl
J 13-
7-5 9-H
5 1
4
40 int
I ICO 23.
.earner.
Coos 80y... Newport Jan. XI. S amjPter 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 27. 3pm Pier 1
C Nelson.. Puget Sound.. [Jan. 27, 5 pm|Pler 3
Centennial Kahulul [Jan. 27. 12 m;SW 1
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 23. W am Pier 2
San Pedro.. HumboMt Jan. 2S. 4pm Pier i;
Arcata Coob Bay Jan. 28. WamPleri;
Corona San Dtego Jan. 29. 11 am Pier V
Orizaba jHumboldt Jan. t*. I pmjPler !
Colon IPanama jJan. 2S. 11 miPMSii
Coqutlle Rv Grays Harbor: Jan. 29, 6 pmjPler 25
A Blanch'diCoos Bay 'Jan. 23, Spm.Pleri:
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 30, 9 am: Pier 3
Bonlta San Pedro Jan. 21. SamiPlerU
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. ft, WamjPler '.
Doric China* Japan Feb. 1. IpmPMSS
Pomona .... San Dleyo Feb. I, 11 am.Pter 1]
State of Cal 'Portland Feb. 2. ID am Pier 2j
Samoa (Humboldt Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 1<
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
... Perseus, a... 97 J
6SI Stuttgart. 4 ...107 1
642 Alaria, 4 110 3
664 Corolla. 3 75 S
657 Cipriano, 5 97 5
623 Whaleback. 4 112 ft
593 Rlxford, 3 91 9
638 Antler. 3 S3 7
62S Summer, 3 92 4
647 Ailenna, 3 93 Left
Hia. Hm. %m.
12 12 11
3h4 1 4 S
2 »i 3 li 2 h
5h 2 h m
«H6 H 8 b
» 6 2 6 10
Sh 71 71
7 1 8 1 SI
4H 9 »
Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
T% 1 ns IT. Walsh
12 2 2 Bullman
S 2 S 2 Fanntleroy ...
«4 4 3 J. Martin
5 1 5 1 Henry
«15 8!0 Conley
» 1 7 1 Phelan
8 8 810 Lofrue
9 9 Buchanan ....
... ... Holmes
[Op. Cl.
3 23
e-S 7-13
5 25
W 7
40 200
7 S
S IS
15 100
U 20
10 15
ndes. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. ijm. &m. %m.
663 Cormorant, 4 111! 8 771 t~l Tl
667 St. Cuthbert. 5 109 X ... n v
(670) Momentum, 5 11! 2 ... 4 1 ]]
(623) Lady Med'some. 4.. 104 5 ... S3 4 h
6SI Tirade, 4 110 3 ... S h 8)
677 Croker, 4 106 4 ... 8 7 1
611 P. A. Flnnegan, 8..10© 7 ... 7 H 8
564 El Estro, 4 104 S ... 6! 6 1
Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
2 1 In Plfrgott
114 2 1 E. Jones
S3 S 1H Jenkins
4 2 4 C T. Walsh....
5 1 5 4 Conley
7 1 6 2 Bullman ....
8 t 1 Hennessey ..
6 1 8 J. Martin
iOp. Cl.
777] S 5
... S-S »-l)
... 6 i
... « 13-5
S 13
... 15 20
... W 200
... 13 30
Index. Horse. Age. Weighl'st. Urn.
... Flamero, 4 11! S 77. 2 Vi
676 Tim Toolln, & 115 4 ... 13
644 Colonel Root, 5 ill 6 ... 6 4
657 Senora Caesar, 4....1i)3 3 ... 1 14
639 Helen G, 5 ;iO3 7 „. 6 h
676 Delecta, 4 HO 1 „. 8 4
639 Hunch, 4 lO> 3 4 4
... Henry C, 5 U5 » .M. M » 1
... Harry Corby, 4 112 2 .„ 3 U
... May Bloom, 4 119 10 ... 10
I IBettin*.
%m. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
~Ti IT7~ Tt Jenkins | ID «
11 ... 2 1 E. Jones 2 3
6 h ... 3 1 Plggott S 15
4 14 ... 4 4C Ross 3 4
7 2 ... 5 H T. Walsh 8 12
6 h ... 6 2 Rnti Si> »
3 1 ... 7 4 Bu'.lrrraii 30 40
10 ... 8 1 I. Powell 19 SO
8 1 ... 9 1 Hennessey .... 7 SO
9 1 ... 10 JHenry V> 30
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
665 Scotch Plaid. 5 103 4
(666) Merops, 4 101 5
(61S) Opponent, 5 106 2
674 Wyoming, a 1031 3
(575) Imperious, 5 106! 1
... Mary Klnsella. 4...10J 7
(647) Jinßle Jingle, 4 96 6
Km.
6 n
C 3
3 h
4 m
It
7
t h
5 1
6 h
4 S
8 n
JW
In
a l
5 H
4 1
1 n
24
8 1
Str.
41
1 n
3 4
1 h
5 1
7
6 1
Fin.
1 h
3 h
3n
46
S3
« 3
7
: Jockeys.
Jenkins
Phelan
Bullraan ....
T. Walsh....
E. Jones
Vlttitoa
J. Martin....
'Op.
... 8-5
... 3
... 7-S
... 7-2
B
... 15
... 15
CL
6-5
4
a
20
35
30
ndex. Horse. Age. Wei
(675) Sly, 6
675 Afamada, 5
660 Ben Ledl. 4
(540) Southern Girl, 3...
646 Burdock. 3
662 Antoinette. 3
665 Mike Rice, a
lght.jSt.
...108 1
...10S 3
...108 2
... S3 6
...95 7
... S3 5
..110 4
Hm.
Ti~
2 H
3 3
5 1
6 2
7
4 H
1 h
»2K
3 3
6 4
6 S
7
< H
Str.
2 3
1 n
S3
4 1
63
7
5 t
Fin.
1 h
2 S
33
4 5
5 1
S 1
7
| Jockeys.
Buiiman ...
Jenkins ....
E. Ross
J. Martin...
T. Walsh...
Helnson ...
HennMjey
|Op._Cl
J 13-
7-5 9-H
5 1
4
40 int
I ICO 23.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.
KO3 Mldlove, 4 11l 3
€83 Lady Heloisa. » 115 2
672 Tlburon. 4 113 6
676 Vlorls. 4 11l 4
2SO Waterwiek. 3 104 7
663 Mafada, a 120 1
... Asian, 3 ....i 10S 9
625 Bogua BUI. 3 194 10
672 Brown Prince. 6.... 117 8
609 Druldesa, 3 99 5
Km. Hm.
1 1
2 1
... 4 1
a h
8 6
E 2
9 S
10
7 H
8H
*4m.
H*
4 2
3tt .
6 1
c a
9 1
10
8 h
Str.
1 2
3 h
. 4 2
5H
6 4
8 M
9 1
10
7 2
Fin. | Jocksyg. IQp. Cl.
1 2 [BuJlman ~TS T»
2 1H E. Ros» 19 40
3 H Morgran 4 T
4 2 [Jenkins 20 20
5 3 |J. Martin 8 13
« * IPlffgrott lij 20
7 n ISpencer i 8 10
8 Vt IT. Walsh 20 *>
9 3 !H. Stuart SV> 730
10 |Phelan | 40 100
Sun rises 7-15
Sun sets 5-23
Moon rises 4:« a. m.
C Time Time) I Time Time I
£. ; Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W H W I> W Hw!
___ i 1 t r 1 i 1
27 ... 1:34 S.2J 7:31 S.«| J:ss|-«.lj 10:u| 4.3
Z3 ... 2:3$ 3.2 8:30 5.8 3:40!— 0.«l 13:35! 4.«
» ... t:3O 3.0! 9.ZS 8.0 4-2l'-0.7l U:32l 5.0
30 ... 4:22 2.7 10:21 8.0 6:06J 0.7 }
HWLWH W L, w
31 ... 0:03 5.2 5:13 2.2 11:1S 6.0' 5:45'— 0.1
1 ... 0:45 5.3 6:04 1.9 12:101 5.7 8:25! 0.0
2 ... l:20| 5.5 6:57 1.6 1:05 5.4 T:08l 0.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
. —
Corona San Diego Jan. 21
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 21
Curacao Maxlco Jan. 21
Queen Victoria * Puget Sound Jin. 21
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. 21
Arcata .Coos Bay Jan. 21
Geo. W. Elder.. I Portland [Jan. 21
San Pedro San Pedro Jan. 2*
Homer (Portland Jan. 25
A. Blanehard...|Coos Bay Jan. X
Volumcla [Hamburg Jan. i.
Bonlta (Newport Jan. 2i
TlUamook TUlamook Jan. 2S
Samoa Humboldt Jan. £
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 3.
Australia Honolulu Jan. 5i
State of Ca1.... Portland Jan. 3t
Albion Crescent City Jan. 3t
Bristol Oyster Harbor Jan. Zi.
Willamette- ..... Seattle Jan. £
Mackinaw [Seattle Jan. 3C
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 3]
Ban Bias Panama Jan. 31
South Portland Oyster Harbor Jan. 31
Lady Jotcey.... China and Japan Jan. 3]
Point Arena.... Point Arena jFeb. 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pu«et Sound.Feb. 1
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. J
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 5
Cxarina Puget Sound Feb. :
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 3
Columbia Portland |Feb. iCivil Service Work.
The Civil Service Commission Is en
gaged in classifying all of the places of
employment In the offices and deportment*
Helped two churches out of
debt— was beloved by his con-
gregation, and yet resigned
from the ministry. His rea-
sons for so doing have created
a sensation. Read in next
Sunday's Call the signed state-
ment of the Rev. James 0.
Maclnnes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
" If I were sick and
•wanted to get well,
rd find out how some
one else got well who
had the same sort of
sickness as mine."
If your sickness is like hers,
Mrs. Jacobs' story will interest you.
"I was very sick indeed," write* Mrs.
Mollic Jacobs, of Felton, Kent Co., Del-
aware, "and our family doctor said I had
consumption. I thought I must die soon
for I felt so awful bad. Had a bad cough,
epit blood, was very short of breath, had
pains in my chest and right lung, and also
bad dyspepsia. Before I took your 'Golden
Medical Discovery ' and ' Pleasant Pellets '
I was so weak I could not 6weep a room,
and now I can do a email washing:, and I
feel like a new person. I believe that the
Lord and your medicine have paved my
life. I was eick over two years. I took ix
bcttk-f of the [ Golden Medical Discovery/
and four vials of Dr. Pierces Pellets."
Are you sick ? Are your lungs
"weak?" Have you obstinate
lingering cough, with bleeding
lungs, weakness and emaciation?
Thousands in just your case have
been cured by the use of
DR. PIERCES
GOLDEN MEDICAL
DISCOVERY.
// always helps. It almost always
cures. Sick persons are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce by letter abso-
lutely without fee or charge. All
correspondence is strictly private.
Write and get a specialist^ opin-
ion on your case, free. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
MONEYS FOR WATER STORAGE.
City Banks Lead the Way in Provid
ing? Funds.
The banks of San Francisco are leading
the way to provide funds for the use of
the California Water and Forest Associa
tion for the storage of the flood waters
of the State. These are the amounts that
have been subscribed to date for the
work: Hibernia Savings Bank, $1000; San
Francisco Savings Union, $1000; German
Savings and Loan Society, $1000; Bank of
California. $500; Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
$^50; Alaska Commercial Company, $ao.
All these amounts have been subscribed
during the present week. Indications are
that all the banks will fall into line. The
committee will resume work In a day or
two and will first proceed to solicit as
sistance for the work from the banks not
included in the foregoing list of donors.
When the banks have all been heard from
the large mercantile houses and capital
ists and large owners of city realty will be
visited in turn.
Several small contributions have been
received from firms and from private In
dividuals and ther,e have been quite a
large number of members enrolled in sev
eral districts, all of whom are to pay or
have paid ?3 for annual dues.
GREATEST 0 I IP SA 0F
ABSOLUTE
AUCTION
TO-DAY
4nd Daily at II *. 31 and 2 P. H.
SW. Gor. Geary and Stockton,
Opposite the City of Parts.
Genuine Antique Fine
ORIENTAL RUGS, Etc.,
THE ENTIRE STOCK
OF THE
T(I[K!)H RUG GO.
BEiNG SOLi> CUT.
T.iis i* R u - buyer*' oppirtunity.
N -thin:; will be reserved.
ThN is a genuine .mction.
Com- witness It .nd e-ive the benefit,
if so.
Saturday^ Ifonday
CROSSE & BLAGKWELL JAMS 15c
This bargain has nev»r before been offered.
Imported. Regular 2oc.
BARKER'S c p Snd Chocolate, can 15c
Regxilar 23c can.
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER.... 4Sc
Regular 55c square.
EXTRA Point Reyes BUTTER.. 4Oc
Regular 60c square.
BEST RANCH EGGS 22£ c
Regular 30c dozen.
LARGE FRECH PRUNES, Ib —5c
Regular 10c Ib.
EXTRA Sri,,, FIGS, 3 l-lb pkgs 25c
Regular 15c package.
HAUARONIp JSSSSit box — 20c
Regular 25c.
Rye and Bourbon Whisky, ga! $2.50
E-year-old Regular {3 50.
1345-1354 Market Street.
Opp Ith. Phone S. 233. No Branch Store*.
of the city government and is holding
daily meetings with the numerous heads
of departments in order to obtain gen
eral information and details of the work.
The commission proposes also to inspect
the work now being done in the different
offices and will meet each afternoon at S
o'clock for the purpose of general discus
sion.
THE significance of the vote of the commission finding F. L. Esola not guilty of the specific charges
preferred by Fremont Older seems to have been misunderstood. My understanding of the situa
tion is this: By "specific" charges we meant the charges affecting his moral character, to wit, the
charges of robbery and larceny. We did not mean to pass upon the general charges of incompe
tency to fill the position of Chief of Police. We certainly did not mean to decide that Esola was competent
to fill the position. That the public may understand the exact facts I will make this brief statement of
what occurred:
The investigation was completed last Saturday night. We then adjourned till Tuesday last. At that
meeting Commissioner Thomas presented a written decision exonerating Esola from the charges filed by
Older. Commissioner McNutt was willing to agree to it. Commissioner Newhall and I positively refused.
We then adjourned till Wednesday afternoon. All parties remained unchanged. Mr. Newhall had pre
pared a separate decision for himself. I had one of my own. Messrs. Thomas and McNutt adhered to
theirs. We discussed them all without reaching an agreement or even taking a vote. We then adjourned
till yesterday, Thursday, afternoon, with the understanding that if we could not come to an agreement
we would respectively file our decisions and make them public. At our meeting yesterday we finally
reached a compromise. It was clearly understood that if I would join in a verdict of "not guilty" on
the charges affecting Esola's moral character his candidacy for the position was out of the question.
It was on that understanding that the verdict of "not guilty" was signed by me. It would never have
been agreed to otherwise. Ido not think Esola can possibly be elected Chief. I certainly shall never vote
for him. The other Commissioners can speak for themselves. While I was willing \o find Esola not
guilty on the charges of robbery, larceny, etc., because of the doubtful and disreputable character of the
evidence upon that subject, I could not decide that he was competent to fill the position of Chief of Police
and the commission did not so decide. On the contrary, at that meeting we then passed his name and
considered other applications, but found none of the candidates available, and we adjourned with the un
derstanding that we would look for a new man. On account of the wrong inferences that have been
drawn from the action of the commission I deem it necessary to make public my original decision in
this case. I would hav.e refrained from doing so were it not necessary in justice to myself. It was as
follows:
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF POLICE COMMISSIONERS,
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FIIANCISCO, STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
This lnf-estlsratlon Teas held »linpl>- to determine whether or not Frederick L. Eaoln, nlio has
made v. written application for the position of Chief of Police, possesses the qualifications required
for the office.
We are not called upon to decide specifically In detail npon the truth or falsity of all or any of
the charses made by Fremont Older with respect to his conduct as a youth, or as a man, or as a
police officer. In short, this Is not a criminal trial In which we have to render a verdict of guiltj'
or not Kullt>- agralnst the accused.
We are charged with the duty of electing: an able and upright Chief of Police. When we have
satisfied ourselves that any particular applicant for the position docs not come up to that standard
we should dismiss him from consideration.
Wo are not here to decide newspaper controversies nor action of alleged libel. There are
courts where redress can be had by the parties who claim to be Injured. In this view, it is not
necessary for me to say anything further than that Frederick L. Esola docs not, in my opinion, pos
sess the requisite qualifications to I>ll the position of Chief of Police, and I, therefore, do not look
upon hint as an available candidate.
From a consideration of his record as a police oJHcer and of his educational qualifications,
and from my own personal observation of his mental abilities, I am satisfied he docs not come up
to the standard of a competent Chief of Police for this city.
With regard to his character as n boy or as a man before he Joined the force, it is not neces
sary for me to aay anything, and upon thut ground I say nothing. I deem It my duty, however, to
say that his conduct and demeanor npon the stand in this investigation made an unfavorable im
presnlon upon me. When he testified that he could not recollect meeting the members of this com
iniNsion in company with Mr. Lawrence and Mayor Phelan in the Mayor's office at the New City Hall
on January 7, 1000, and repeatedly affirmed his entire loss of memory with regard to that meeting
held only two weeks previously he showed, to put it in the mildest manner possible, that his mem
ory was so very frail that he simply is not competent to be Chief of Police. This testimony was not
an oversight. It was deliberate and repeuted. It either was not the truth under oath or it showed a
memory weak to the extent of mental incompetency.
I desire to be understood as not expressing any opinion on the guilt or innocence of Lieutenant
Esola npon the charge* filed by Fremont Older. I simply decide that I do not deem his qualifica
tions sufficient to entitle him to be considered in the choice of a Chief of Police of New San Fran
cl co " - W. J. BIGGY.
Jules J. Callundan,
Realizing the Utter
Collapse of the
Shameful Conspir
acy, Resigns From
the Department.
»
Mayor Phelan Seeking
Still to Patch* His
Tattered Reputation
Asks the Appoint
ment of His Secre
tary, Colonel W. P.
Sullivan Jr.
Learning these facts, representatives of
this morning newspaper went to Captain
Wittman yesterday and assured him that
he would be denounced this morning In
the most approved style known to the
newspaper world of which this particular
paper Is a glaring example. Captain
Wittman, it is understood, is not now a
candidate. .
CALLUNDAN RESIGNS
FROM THE FORCE.
One of the most deeply significant Inci
dents of the meeting of the Police Com
missioners last night was the presentation
and Immediate acceptance of the resigna
tion of Jules J. Cullundan, alias Worth
lngton, as a member of the Police Depart
ment. Nothing could have shown more
clearly than this the existence of a gi
gantic conspiracy to make Esola Chief
of Police and Callundan Chief of Detec
tives. As The Call charged, Callundan
was smuggled Into the department for the
single purpose of being elevated to the
post of Chief of Detectives. He was In
eligible and unfit and The Call, in obedi
ence to its responsibility to the public,
exposed him as he is.
His private character and deficiencies
became objects of legitimate criticism
and censure, since he sought to place him
self in a position where he would become
a menace to the moral health of the city.
He was smuggled into the department at
one of the last meetings of the old com
mission, giving up a private income to
accept a smaller public one in order that
his plot with Esola and the men behind
him might succeed. It was never Callun
dan's purpose to become an ordinary pa
trolman, and after being admitted to the
department he asked and received ten
days' time in which to qualify for his new
position, giving as an excuse that he
wished to wind up his private affairs.
The excuse was simply a subterfuge by
which Callundan hoped to delay his ac
ceptance of ordinary police duty until the
election of Frederick L. Esola as Chief of
Police, when the private detective of
Harry N. Morse would become the Chief
of Detectives of this city through the ap
pointment of Esola and the indorsement
of the arch-conspirators of the scheme.
The 4 ten days allowed Callundan by the
commission expired yesterday and he was
ordered to report for duty to one of the
police captains. He saw that the shame
ful conspiracy to seize the Police Depart
ment of this city and make of it an
agency of crime had utterly failed; that
Esola and his unscrupulous backers had
lost their battle to make the Police De
partment of this city a commodity for
purchase and sale to the criminals of San
Francisco. Callundan had therefore no
further use for the Police Deparimcnt
and no desire to serve as a member of it
In the capacity of a patrolman.
The Call's expose of the wretched plans
of his supporters had made him an Impos
sibility as a public official. He strove, un
der the inspiration of a lingering hope, to
secure an additional delay of a week, but
this was emphatically denied to him, and
last night he sent to the Commissioners
his star, pinned to his resignation. Both
were accepted with alacrity, and one epi
sode in an Indecent spectacle was con
cluded. Had not Callundan attempted
without shame to force himself int« a
public position of responsibility and trust
The Call would not have discussed his
odorous character und past history. Since
he has retired with commendable haste to
private life his character ceases to be a
matter of public Interest and Is dis
missed.
This action of Callundan in retiring so
X±lJ2 »AJN *KiUNtJI»<J<J UAJJ.L., BATUKDAt, JAJXUAKY ST7, IVW.
Schemers Publicly De
nounced for Their
Malicious Lying and
Misrepresentation to
Elect F. L Esola
Chief of Police.
Commissioner Biggy
Declares That the
Ambitious Lieuten
ant Was Given a
Good Character on
Condition That He
Be Withdrawn.
fJJ) be, HE meeting of the Police Com
/*" m mission last rJght was the
£j most sensational in the short
/S/jy history of the new governing
\&r body of the Police Department
of this city. The CommiEslon
ers met with the humiliating knowl
edge that their compromise report
In reference to Frederick L. Esola had
been deliberately ar.d maliciously twisted
from its true meaning and mendaciously
misconstrued by the morning newspaper
•which Is supporting the absurd claim of
the ambitious lieutenant. The Commis
sioners felt, at least two of them, that
they had been placed In a false position
before the people and that the crafty and
unscrupulous backers of Esola were
trifling with their honor in this matter of
vital Importance.
The meeting was in a way a stormy one,
but the Commissioners were not long In
session before three or four points of Im
portance were firmly established. The
first of these, from which no pettifogging
lawyer or unscrupulous advocate can
escape. Is that Frederick Lawrence Esola
Is unequivocally out of the race for the
position of Chief of Police of this city.
More than that, his sponsor in the com
mission Itself promised that if he were
given a little more time he would secure
Esola's public withdrawal from the race.
The Commissioners to whom he appealed
and who felt the stir.g of an injustice that
reflects upon their personal honor refused
to grant the request and one of them In
sisted upon his absolute right to place
himself upon record before the people of
San Francisco and to explain in detail and
¦without equivocation the steps that cul
minated in placing Esola In the position
of being absolutely Ineligible for the po
eition he sought and being altogether out
of the question as a candidate.
Another important poir.t developed and
established at the meetirg last night Is in
the highest degree discreditable to the
Mayor of this city, who still refuses to at
tend to h!s own business and permit the
Police Commissioners to transact those
affairs which they have a right by virtue
of their office to discuss. The Mayor
apain appeared before the commission and
begged from its members another con
cession. He afked them— and his asking
had almost the arrogance of a demand
that if they could not compromise their
honor so far as to elect Esola Chief of Po
lice, would they appoint his secretary,
Co'.onel William P. Sullivan Jr., to the
position? The Mayor made this request
with an idea that It will perhaps serve.
If it be granted, to patch some of the
holes in his tattered political reputation.
The Commissioners reached no conclu
sion in reference to the Mayor's demand,
but it is understood that they look favor
ably upon it, and Colonel Sullivan now
has the most probable chance of any can
didate to be elected Chief of Police when
the commission meets again next Monday
right. When the commission met last
night the situation was a simple one. The
compromise report had been signed and in
the siprnlng of it the Commissioners had
removed Esola as an aspirant for Chief
of Polic.
Th<> claims of Police Captain George W.
Wittman. Robert Hogan and Charles
Holbrook had been discussed and rejected.
The commission had no candidate before
It. and the understanding was that the
meeting was to open with a discussion of
any man who mipht prove available.
While the meeting was an executive one.
Its incidents were of such a sensational
character that they inevitably became
public property before the night was over.
At the beginning of the meeting Commit-
»lor.er Biggy, it is understood, insisted to
the other Commissioners and to Mayor
phelan. who persisted In remaining prey.
«rt, that the morning newspaper wh J ch
lias taken upon ltsc'f the burden of foist
ing Esola upon the city had deliberately
misconstrued the meaning of the ccm-
"I want some whiskey, and I want It bad";
they didn't give him Jeu« Moor*.
Child Study Meeting.
The regular monthly meeting of the
State Child Study Association will fake
place this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock In
Webster School, near Lincoln School.
Mrs. I* A. Walker of the Tompklns
School, Oakland, will speak on "Some
Phases of the Kindergarten." and papers
will be read by Miss Stovall and Alls*
Banning. All who are interested are In
vited.
Coffees
10. 15, 20. 25. 30. 35, 40c per Ib.
Handsome Premiums Given
with Each Purchase.
Come Just to See.
Great American Importing Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
Or. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try It. All druggist*. *
SCOTT ASKS APPOINTMENT.
The friends, political and other, of Tax
Collector J. Hairy Siott are seeking to fix
him solidly in his office by appealing to
Mayor Phelan for his appointment. Bulky
petitions are being circulated throughout
the city setting forth the litigation which
Mr. Scott's office Is tied up in, and also
the fact that It will take months before
any decision can be had. It carries an
appeal to the Mayor to exercise his right
and quiet the title to the office and end
the expense of legal proceedings by up
pointing Scott regularly to the place. The
petitions are being generally signed, and
Mr. Scott's managers are confident that
the Mayor will do the right thing.
Notable Deaths
of the Day.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
PHIL D. ARMOUR JR.
Left Chicago Recently in Excellent
Health and Was 111 but a
Few Hours.
PASADETNA. Jan. 26.—News waa re
ceived here to-night of the sudden death
of Phil D. Armour Jr.. at Montecito. near
Santa Barbara. Young Armour was ill
but twenty-four hours and his death was
due.to congestion of the lungs. He was
31 years of age. He left Chicago three
weeks ago In excellent health.
JOHN W. GILKEY DEAD.
Was One of the Prominent Residents
of Southern Monterey County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. Jan. 26.— John W. Gtlkey,
a well-known resident of the southern
part of Monterey County, died at the St.
Charles Hotel, in this city, where he had
been brought for treatment, and was in
terred in the Protestant cemetery here
yesterday afternoon. He had been 111 for
some time with a complication of disor
ders, and about three weeks ago was
brought from bis home down the coast
to Monterey for treatment. He had been
a resident of Monterey County^ for many,
years and was quite a notable" character,
taking a prominent part in the early stir
ring affairs of the county. He was a na
tive of Michigan and at the time of his
death was in his sixty-second year. He
leaves a widow and several children.
Killed by a Fall.
JAMESTOWN. Jan. 2C— Henry Jarboe.
late of El Dorado County, fell a distance
of 125 feet In a shaft at the Eagle Shaw
mut mine this morning and was instantly
killed. Deceased was unmarried, 23 years
old, and belonged to the Odd Fellows,
which order will have the body taken to
Placerville for interment.
Ended His Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VENTURA, Jan. 26.— Oliver Somers,
aged 30 years, committed suicide this
evening in the Missouri Saloon, owned by
Sam Craig, a brother-in-law. Somers was
the county oil distributor for the Standard
Oil Company. He returned about 5
o'clock from Oxnard, when his team was
slate for United States Senator. Gage,
having invited the help of Herrin and
Jack Wright, ought to, for consistency's
sake, court the favor of Jlmmie Phelan—
the late Hon. James D. Phelan of Demo
cratic renown. .
The clean, straightforward Republicans
who refuse allegiance to Burns and Her
rin have practically resolved not to com
mit themselves to any caucus scheme
until they have had full conference on
the subject. While the question is pend
ing, suggestions may come from Thomas
R. Bard, John A. Barnham, Irving M.
Scott, General Barnes and U. 8. Grant Jr.
The Southern Pacific has already begun
Its tactics of despicable Intimidation. A
member of the Legislature who supplies
the corporation a certain commodity was
advised yesterday that the business
would be taken from him if he did not
vote for Burns. The legislator replied:
"I may lose the trade you speak of by
voting against Burns, but I would lose a
great deal more than the value of the
business by voting for him. I will not
vote for him."
The facts In this particular case of at
tempted intimidation ought to be obtained
by the Legislature and presented to D. O.
Mills and John W. Mackey, who were re
cently elected directors of the Southern
Pacific. If these gentlemen knew the
naked truth of this incident of despicable
bulldozing they would resign from the
directory or bounce Herrin out of the yel
low building. The company cannot gain
the good will of the California public
while such methods as Herrin counte
nances are tolerated by the management.
EXTRA SESSION
CAUCUS PLANS
ARE REVIEWED
Legislators Wary oi
Railroad Snares.
GOV. GAGE AGAIN IN TOWN
SECRET CONFERENCE WITH D.M
BURNS AND HERRIN.
Several members of the Legislature
from the Interior arrived In the city yes
terday and many more will come to-day.
Among those In town last evening were:
Senators S. C. Smith of Bakersfield, John
F. Davis of Jackson. W. F. Maggard of
Corning, Thomas Flint of San Juan, As
semblymen F. E. Dunlap of San Joaquin,
A. S. Mllice of Riverside and J. B. San
ford of Ukiah.
Governor Gage also arrived In town yes
terday from Sacramento and registered at
the Palace. It was common talk around
the corridors of the hotel last night that
he was somewhere In conference with
Burns and Herrin. One of Burns' lieu
tenants looked at rooms In the Grand
Hotel yesterday and Inspected the ap
proaches to the bridge connecting the
Palace and Grand. Gage's movements to
conceal his conferences with Burns and
Herrin are ridiculous. He ought to have
common sense sufficient to know that the
people of the State are aware of his
antics and would laugh If the topic was
not one to awaken Just Indignation and
remonstrance.
Questions pertaining to the organiza
tion of the Legislature engage the atten
tion of Senators and Assemblymen. It is
an acknowledged Indisputable fact of rec
ord that the Legislature adjourned sine
die March 19. 1899, yet there are members
who contend that the forthcoming extra
ordinary session will be but a continue.
tion of the thirty-third regular session.
Should that position be maintained the
Controller would be justified In refusing
to sign warrants for the per diem of
members. The constitution, section 2, ar
ticle IV. declares: "No pay shall be al
lowed to members for a longer time than
sixty days, except for the first session
after the adoption of the constitution, for
which they may be allowed pay for 100
days."
Senators and Assemblymen who are
about to assemble In Sacramento will be
in no haste to take a position which will
give the Controller an opportunity to
sever the bond which connects the Legis
lature with the public treasury. To make
assurance of pay doubly sure the legis
lators will organize each house again.
The same old officers may be re-elected,
but the porters, watchmen, pages and
clerks will not be expected to rally around
the desk when the balloting for Senator
begins and render applause when some
misguided or unfortunate member makes
a sorry spectable of himself by voting for
Burns. Last winter the attaches, headed
by "Big" Smith, shouted themselves
hoarse when poor old Simpson betrayed
his constituents and espoused the cause
of the Mexican. Attaches of a higher
grade may be necessary for the extra
session.
There are perceptible signs of weakness
In the Burns camp. The knowledge that
the elements opposed to boss tactics and
railroad methods are bound to come to
gether in support of some good, clean can
didate produces the greatest apprehen
sion in Dan's corral. Herrln's game is
clearly disclosed. In fact, he is so vain
and clumsy that he cannot conceal his
movements. It Is now well known that
his play is to prevent a conference of the
fifty-five Republicans who stood forth in
manly fashion last winter to shield the
State from shame. He expects that these
Republicans will scatter and diffuse their
strength on three or four candidate until
the patience of the people is exhausted.
He says that his personal prestige is at
stake. The inference is that this so
called pestige will be lost when Burns is
beaten.
This kind of talk provokes derision In
the yellow building. Even Stubbs and
Mills are losing respect for the political
end of the law department. Herrin con
tinues to deny that he is a Democrat, as
serting that his last Democratic vote was
cast for Cleveland. The denial is vigor
ously made to shield Governor Gage from
the awkward predicament of consorting
with. Democrats to fix up a Republican
ELECTRICAL WORKS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
San Jose Improvement Company Suf
fers a Loss of One Hundred
Thousand Dollars,
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— The works of the
Electric Improvement Company, a few
blocks south of the narrow gauge depot
in this city, were destroyed by fire about
1 o'clock this morning. The blaze started
shortly after midnight from the burning
out of a large dynamo, and soon the build
ings were in flames in a number of places.
The works were entirely consumed.
A gas plant near by was saved. The
loss in buildings and machinery Is esti
mated at $100,00). The property was in
sured for $50,000. The plant has been es
tablished for about ten years. A laige
business was done and a great number
of business houses and residences in this
city are now deprived of electric lighting
facilities. The works will be rebuilt im
mediately. __¦
as he feels that in duty to himself and
in justice to the reputation he has won
in public life he cannot afford to place
himself in a false position or permit an
unscrupulous newspaper or a pettifog
ging attorney to place him in such a
position against his will. It was after
Commissioner Biggy declared his inten
tion to publish his report that Mayor Phe
lan asked, half In supplication and half
in demand, that Colonel William P. Sulli
van Jr. be elected Chief of Police if the
Commissioners did not feel that they
could consistently with their sense of de
cency elect Esola.
As already indicated, the Commission
ers seem favorably disposed to the May
or's request, and Colonel Sullivan has
thus taken first place In the list of avail
able candidates. In connection with the
desperate effort to elect Esola there- has
arisen an Interesting episode. A morning
newspaper which is frantically and hys
terically backing the young lieutenant
realized yesterday that all hope was gone
and that certain facts tended to show that
Police Captain Wittman had some chance
in the race. This newspaper had discov
ered that some of the active supporters
of Captain Wittman had held a meeting
a few days ago to suggest a way to secure
his election.
Commissioner McNutt had asked Cap
tain Wittman to take the position, but
the captain declined the honor, notwith
standing the fact he was promised the
votes of Commissioners Newhall and
Thomas. The captain tihied at the four
year term and said also that Commis
sioner Biggy seemed to have the right of
way. Commissioner McNutt assured him
that Mr. Biggy was not In the race, and
with thai assurance Captain Wittman
agreed to take the place
promise report which had been adopted
the night before.
This report. It will be remembered, ex
onerated Esola from the specific charges
preferred against him by an evening
newspaper, but the exoneration, the re
port declared, did not mean that the
board had reached any conclusion upon
the appointment of a Chief of Police.
Commissioner Biggy asked his associates
if. In signing that report, they un
derstood, as he understood, clearly and
without the slightest possible question
that the report was a concession to Fred
erick L. Esola, granted to him with the
distinct understanding that he withdraw
from the race for Chief of Police and that
after the report had been signed Esola
was in no way a subject for discussion by
the board.
Commissioner Xewhall replied that he
agreed thoroughly with Mr. Biggy in his
understanding of the meaning of the re
port and the motives that prompted the
signature. Commissioner Thomas took
the remarkable stand, suggesting, if
nothing else, the sharp practice "of a
pettifogging advocate, that he under
stood that Esola was removed from con
sideration simply because there was a
deadlock in the board in reference to the
lieutenant's competency. Commissioner
McNutt agreed with Mr. Thomas.
Commissioner Biggy was dumfounded.
He declared that if that were the csse he
had signed the report under an absolute
misunderstanding, and he did not intend
to remain longer in a false position, whicn
reflected upon his personal honor, be
fore the people of the city. He demanded
the right to make public his original re
port finding Esola Incompetent and in a
variety of ways ineligible for the position
of Chief of Police, and further than that
to detail the circumstances which attend,
ed the signing of a compromise report.
This report was signed simply as an
agreement between the commission and
Mayor Phelan, who promised that if the
commission would agree to clear Esola's
moral character from the accusation
which had been made against it Esola
would be withdrawn from the race for
the position of Chief of Police.
The compromise report meant this and
nothing more. It referred solely to the
specific charges which reflected upon the
moral character of Esola and said abso
lutely nothing about his incompetency.
At least two of the Commissioners who
signed the report understood positively
that the document certainly did not say
that Esola is competent to be a Chief of
Police, for the simple reason that two of
the Commissioners are thoroughly con
vinced that he is not competent. More
than this, these two Commissioners posi
tively declined to sign the report until
they were assured that it meant the
withdrawal of Esola as a candidate.
With that understanding the report was
signed. All of this Commissioner Blggy
insisted last night he had a right to pre
sent to the public. Commissioner Thomas,
fearful of the consequences, begged for
a little more time and promised if his re
quest were granted he would have Esola
publicly withdraw from the race. Com- !
missioner Biggy declined to grant the re
quest and Mayor Phelan asked him what
he intended to do and he told his Honor
that it was his purpose to publish his
original report and a recital of the in
cidents which led up to the signing of the
compromise report at once.
And Commissioner Biggy kept his word.
BIGGY DENOUNCES THE EFFORT TO
MISCONSTRUE THE COMMISSION'S REPORT
DRIVEN INTO THEIR LAST TRENCH.
precipitately from the department Is an
absolutely candid admission of the exist
ence of the plot which The Call has al
ready thoroughly exposed. There can be
no other explanation of the resignation of
the private detective. It has revealed the
secret workings of the miserable scheme
that was to have placed the people of
San Francisco at the mercy of the crim
inal elements of this city. With less
audacity than his principal. Callundan has
fled from the field and has retired to the
obscurity In which he belongs, leaving
the men who were to have used him as a
willing tool to continue the hopeless bat
tle against a healthy public opinion and
decency in public life.
taken In charge by James, a special agent
of the Standard Oil Company, as Somers
was intoxicated. Somers proceeded to the
Missouri saloon. He left the saloon and
purchased a revolver at about 6 o clock,
returning to the saloon Immediately.
Craig wished Somers to go home with his
w.fe who was waiting outside for him.
Somers refused and Instead drew his re
volver and shot himself in the mouth.
Death was instantaneous. He leaves a
young widow and a child.
Death of Ramona Ramos.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 26.— Ramona Ra
mos, one of the oldest residents of this
city and a member of an old Spanish fam
ily died in East Santa Cruz. She was S4
years old and this has always been her
home.
Hole's.
Hales.
4* ?
4* npw Qnrinrr one of this season's novelties is a plain 4§>
11CW Dpi III" taffeta silk in new shades that are really
£ Cliif C beautiful, very -oft finhh. we ha c a
J? bllKb. specja , |Qt wonh gsc>g 5c> but for HZ n J
Saturday's selling have marked them, per yard I <JU *T
-% *
*§ the plisse -ilks are the very newest crea'inns. they *£
«|* come in puffed and corded stripe tffects, 21 <P 4 P\O
inches wide, for Saturday, per yard %p ±»O\J
Jk crl/WPQ men's "mocha" gloves in the fashionable D?nt
1g gIUYCD. cut> the j atest gray and Havana Q>A Cf\
shades, per pair only <J>I«UU
& ' %r
«|+ our ladies' "standard" Dent fac-simile gioves ;n red. +|.
Havana and oak shades, per pair only (PA fTQ *£.
4? *
| collar and t^J^^^f. 10c each |
I cuff day. per ;;^?:: t ::. i : r . a . n . d .: i . n . c . n .. c . v . ff .? i6ic *
'f cillr WQictQ not many, just 45 of .those pretty silk
OIIJV waioio waists that you can remember at $7.50, *r
rorhiPPd $9.00. SlOS 10. 00 and 512.50, in stripes and
~ ICUUtCUi plain effects, most of them are corded or +2.
5 tucked, prettily lined throughout and well made, (PO OK
T sizes 32 to 40, while they last only qJCJ.Oci
VflllT* l9Qt to-day Mrs. Reynolds will give her last
«|* j^ UA laot lecture on the famous Arnold knit goods. ?£¦
4* rmn ni*fnnitir every lady should come in and talk A.
IP UppUilUllliy. with her.
I Hudnut' s perfumery for whist prizes. |
TiPW QtfirP we have let the contracts for the carpenter J?
«§+ lICW DIUIC and concrete work, this means employ-
«|* «nuro ment for many workmen, watch our new ?£•
IICYYD* store g r ow, just 7 doors west of our present
establishment. jz.
-^ if wo please you, tell others ; if we don't, tell us. +5"
-r . a/t »£>
4* millinery "meet aFwJ&w t&2s<3*S "^ e ribbon •y
* buyer me MM '%&m' ! Xt?G2* satis- buyer f*
has '". .. a^sGosFGqo2y f ° ctor !. /s T
«S* gone Hales. * . — store. now Vt~
T East I I 935-947 Market St J * East S
14