cf Birds River and poured a hot- rifle fire
into us at 1000 yards' range. They were
caught between two fires, the Royal Scots
and Cape mounted rifles, and our riflemen
in the trenches to the left, and- were
forced to retreat.
At about 11 o'clock an armored train ar
rived from Sterkstroom." It was at once
made a target for the Boer shells and had
to retire. The enemy's guns then retired.
In the afternoon General Gatacre ar
rived, and was followed by reinforce
ments, whereupon the enemy retreated,
having been repulsed everywhere. Our
loss was one man killed and four wounded
The Boer 3 used explosive Mauser bullets.
I saw five picked -up in the • trenches.
SECOND DAY
OF THE BATTLE
LONDON, Feb. 9.— The Daily Telegraph
has received the following dispatch, dated
Tuesday, February 6, from Spearmans
Camp:
"This is the second 'day of. the battle,
and fighting has been fiercer than it was
yesterday. At dawn the Boers began the
action by shelling our. bivouac with, their
long Tom and pompon guns from Doom
Kloof.V Their six-inch shells fell. near the
spot where General Buller and his .staff
were watching the engagement. One shell
burst amid a squadron of the Thirteenth
Hussars, but not a soul was touched.
"Our guns from Zwarts Kop and on the
plain soon silenced the enemy's artillery,
but repeatedly the Boers ¦• brought back
their guns, popped them Into work' across
the hills, fired a few rounds and then
again changed their position.
"During the morning our gunners suc
ceeded in blowing up the enemy's ammu
nition wagon upon Doom Kloof. General
Lyttelton's brigade was shot at from
three sides and had a warm time upon
Vaal Krantz. , .
"Desperate efforts " wero made by the
Boers to recover the smoking hill. The
Durham Light Infantry, the King's Royal
Rifles and the Scottish Rifles gallantly
charged and cleared the position. General
Hildyard's brigade relieved General Lyt
telton's brigade toward sunset.
"Fighting continued until 9 o'clock. Sev
eral prisoners have been taken. They
declare that the Boers yesterday lost
heavily. The enemy suffered severely to
day. It Is reported that among, their dead
In the trenches armed Kaffirs were found.
m
BULLER'S TASK
MOST DIFFICULT
LONDON, Feb. 9.— The Times, in an edi
torial dealing with General Buller's task,
says:
"The problem before him Is unquestion
ably most difficult. We cannot- be sur
prlsedor disheartened should he be unable
to solve it with success. His task is not
merely to force a- way. through the Boer
lines to Ladysmlth. That operation would
be formidable enough. But it would be
easy compared with the feat he must per
form '<if " large strategical results are -to
follow hisj efforts. '.He must inflict a
crushing defeat upon the Boer army. Un
less he can drive into. the Drakensberg or
otherwise', destroy- that -army.:, the^ relief
of Ladysmith can hardly be accomplished
War Office. The sending for
ward of troops continues.
WHAT THE WAR
COSTS BRITAIN
LONDON, Feb. 9, 4 a. m.— All the mes
sages from the observers with General
Buller throw in a phrase or two about
"the strength of the Boer positions" and
the "difficulties of General Buller's work."
but they .do not carry events beyond
Tuesday "evening. ..-viu^j— r— - >• -
Their last slender narratives, leave the
British advance on Vaal Krantz, in the
center of a semicircle, where the troops
arc- exposed to the Boer artillery on both
sides and in the center. The fighting con
tinued until 9 Tuesday evening, and al
most without doubt continued Wednes
day, as the Boers certainly would not
leave this wedge Into their lines unmo
lested. It is also inferred that General
Buller must either continue his advance
or rttire.
The heaviest fighting appears to have
been on Tuesday. General Buller's 233
casualties are mentioned as having oc
curred before noon Tuesday. Large lists
sre consequently expected for the rest of
the day. The casualties already reported
bring the total British losses during the
war to 10,244 killed, wounded and cap
tured.
The disposition here is rather to mini
mize the importance of the fighting in
Natal and to suggest that this is only an
incident anyway, placing hope upon ex
pected decisive engagements in Northern
Cape Colony and upon the invasion of the
Free State by Lord Roberts. At all events
this is the official view.
The public does not like these new
waits, and there is sharp anxiety for fur
ther news.
In Cape Colony General Mac Donald has
had a skirmish with a thousand Boers at
KoodcoEberg. This was on Monday. The
Boers have been taking the offensive
agnir.pt General French near Rensburg
as well as against General Gatacre In the
Stormbc-rg hills.
Since the war has strained the resources
of the military system Englishmen have
heen troubled by the possibility that sea
fighting might show naval defects, whicn
would weaken the first line of defense in
which the country has placed such com
plete trust. This apprehension has sud
denly found expression. During the last
two or three days in half of the news
papers of England the Government's at
tention has been specially directed to the
muzzle-loading guns. Even public nun
have been pained to learn that sixteen
battleships and eight armored cruisers de
pend upon muzzle-loaders. .This means
that smaller but faster ships with modern
guns would be able to stay 1000 or 2000
yards out of range and to disable in leis
urely fashion about one-third of the ves
sels which now appear In the naval list
as "first-class."
The Admiralty Is understood to be pre
paring to remedy this defect and to pro
pose also considerable additions that will
preserve the present ratio of Great Brit
ain's naval strength to that of France
and Germany.
The supplementary army statement to
March 31 was laid before the House of
Commons yesterday, but was not made
public.
It is reported that the call is for £20
000,000, which would make the cost of tJe
war up to that date £30,000,000. The main
tenance , of 200,000 men at the front, it Is
estimated, costs between £8,000,000 and
£10,000,000 per month. '
GATACRE'S TROOPS
REPULSE BOERS
[Special Cable to the New'Tork Herald. Copy
right. ISOO, by New York Herald Com
pany. Republlcatlon of this dispatch 1«
prohibited. All rights reserved T n the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON. Feb. o.— The special corre
spondent of the Dally Mail sends this dis
patch:
BIRDS RIVER, Cape Colony. Wednes
day, Feb. 7.— The Boers opened fire on the
camp this morning from a high ridge 6&W
yards away. Finding the range on the
third shot, their 1412-pounder Creusot guns
pitched nine shells within a radius of
thirty yards around the Cape mounted
rifles' guns, which were unable to reply
owing to the range being beyond their
capacity.
Later the enemy's "riflemen -lined the
ridges four miles off, from which they
were successfully driven by the firing of
the Cape mounted rifles artillery.*/. „
A number of the enemy sot into the bed
any reason or explanation for the deiay
in the delivery of the award, nor was the
Government aware "of the causes of the
delay, which it considers regrettable." The
Government, however, could not Interfere
with the view of hastening the proceed
ings of the tribunal.
MUST CRUSH THE
REPUBLICAN FORCE
LONDON. Feb. 9.— Spencer Wilson,
discussing General Buller's latest move
ment, in the Morning Post to-day, says:
The adopting: of this line of action la that tt
offers the shortest road to Ladysmlth. The
disadvantage is that with modern weapons the
operation of plercinsr the enemy's front is one
of the utmost di%culty. Arter beginning each
olde can concentrate on one point of the ene
my's line the fire of the long portion of its
own front of all the riflemen alcr.g a front
of a mile and a half and of all the tfuns along
a front of three or four miles. As the assailant
chooses his point of attack he can at the out
set sain a superiority of fire against that point,
but as he advances and pushes back part of
the enemy's line, the enemy can pour on his
troops the converging fire of a great semi-cir
cle, while the assailant's fire from his convex
front Is divergent rather than convergent.
If. however, the assailant can find cover for
his leading party he has a converging nre
against the two ends of the defending semi
circle, and he may. therefore, hope to drive
hU opponent back. ', to widen the gap he has
made and then, as he pushed fresh troops into
it and hold* the enemy along the rest of hu
front, to roll up either wing of the defense.
- This task, hard in any case, is rendered
harder when a river must b« crossed, for »
river between two armies prevents the assail*
ant from engaging the defender alons his
whole front except with artillery, ar.il there
fore the defender, as soon as he recognizes tha
real point of attack caji hurry troops from both
wings to his center. A river also limits the
number of troops thatan assailant can bring
to bear, for they must all cross a bridge or
bridges by defile.
General Duller has made a good start. In
order to be able to advance he will probably
have to drive the Boers from Doom Kloof, to
separate the tv.-o- Boer wings, and then, while
holding one of them, to attack and crush tne
other.
That cannot be an easy matter, for they can
move troops fasten than we. ami will probably
pour a converging fire from the north and west.
if not from the northwest and east, on Vaal
Krantz.
We hear from Ladysmlth that Boer heavy
baggage has gone toward the passage. The
Boers are well aware that defeat means for
them -he raising of the siege of Ladysmith
and th -lr retreat from the district. It Is to
be h.toed that General Buller will press the
attack, and will not tire even If the engagement
lasts several days. The case resembles that of
General Grant's battle at Fort Donelson. when
he first realized that It was a question which
of the two armies, both tired of fighting, could
first renew the attack, but General Buller can
not relieve Ladysmith except by defeating and
driving away the Boer army and thus raising
the siege. He cannot cut his way through the
Boers and march on to Ladysmlth, leaving the
Boers undestroyed on his flank. That would
only lead to the toes of his army.
Short of breaking the Boer resistance ha
might, however, by a sufficiently vigorous and
prolonged attack compel them to call up re
enforcements from the Investing lines and thus
make l\ possible for Sir George White to break
through these lines and march to Skits Drift.
That movement would be costly. It would be
gin with the sacrifice of the heavy guns and
with heavy loss in the sortie. There would
then be » great pressure on the rear guard.
heavy loss in the ten miles and further loss
In the attack on the rear of the Boers at Brak
fonteln or Doom Kloof, but tt would b* aa
honorable way oat of what has been called Urn
Ladysmlth. tntanglemeat.
with safety. .We await the issue of the
operation with great anxiety."
Elsewhere the Times takes heart from
the fact that General -Buller is "playing
his part : in the general scheme and is
being- co-ordinated by; Lord' Roberts." | It
says on this point :<~
"The British public Is still kept in igno
rance of the whereabouts of some 25,000
troops, and great developments may be
expected. -It is difficult to believe that the
Boers are equally ignorant of. the dispo
sition of the . British , forces. . The great
game of war. will, however, shortly be be
gun,: and we may, confidently hope that
the period of reverses Is drawing to an
end." ' , '¦¦•'_¦ •-
GOOD WORK ON
THE HOSPITAL SHIP
LONDON.' Feb. B.— Lady - Rando'ph
Churchill has cabled to the Maine hospital
ship committee as follows:
"DURBAN, Feb. B.— One hundred . an 1
forty patients are , now on board the
Maine, mostly Dublin Fusiliers, Hussars,
West Yorks and Lancers. There are six
ty-nine wounded, mostly from'Colenso and
Splon . Kop.. Including stretcher-bearers
and members of the army medical corps.
There are many cases of rheumatism and
fever; ..Expecting addltionals to-day.
Owing to .the. excellence of the ship the
authorities are giving us many cot cases.
The staff is hard at work and everything
is satisfactory."
DURBAN, Natal, Feb. B.— The American
hospital ship Maine, filled with wounded
soldiers, started to-day from here for Cape
Town. ¦ ¦. ¦ .1 •
¦ -
LYDDITE HURLED
AGAINST THE BOERS
RENSBERG/: Feb. . B.— The .' Boers' posl
¦ tlon ..was vigorously .shelled with . lyddite
for an hour this * morning eastward from
Sllngerf on teln and : westward 1 from the top
at. Koleskop, ,a> flfteen-rpounder. shrapnel
eva naikur ADecJal attention to the altea
of the Boer guns, which have been un
usually active lately.
The Boers held a position half way on
the direct road between Rensberg and
Colesberg. They shelled Porters Hill yes
terday ineffectually.
American Hay All Rigbt
LONDON. • Feb. B.— Answering a ques
tion in the House of Commons regarding
the purchase of hay in the United States,
it. was said in behalf of the Government
by Secretary Broderick that the Ministry
had no knowledge: that bad hay was be
ing consigned from the United States to
South Africa. It was added that home
grown hay was much costlier and was not
so- durable In the present campaign rs
American hay. ' . .
In Aid of Boers.
SACRAMENTO. Fob. B.— A meeting was
h^ld here to-night under the auspices of
the Robert Emmet Club for the purpose
of expressing sympathy with the Boers
and raising funds to aid them. Addresses
were made by State Senator Gillls Doty
of this county. Rev. Father Quinn, R. M.
darken. City Trustee Dcvin and others,
and contributions to the amount of JICS
were made.
Garrison Prepared.
LONDON, Feb. 9.— A dispatch to the
Morning Post from Ladysmlth. dated
Tuesday, February 6. says:
"Little can be seen of General Bullcr's
action owing to the haze. It appears that
the Boers have withdrawn their big thus
from the hills southward of here. A larse
force of Boers still remain and the garri
son is prepared for a night attack."
As to Delagoa Bay.
; LONDON, . Feb. B.— ln reply to a series
of questions on the subject of the Delagoa
Bay railroad, Mr. Broderlck, Parliament
ary Secretary for the Foreign Office, said
tbo Go v'ern itncnt had not been' vouchsafed
LONDON, Feb. 9. — This
morning's news, so far as it
goes, leaves General Buller
holding the positions north of
the Tugela, which he won on
Monday and defended against
Boer attacks on Tuesday.
On Wednesday the British
commander seems to have been
holding fast to what he had se
cured and making no attempt to
advance. His heavy guns and
transportation was evidently be
ing brought up. This unavoid
able delay again gives the Boers
an opportunity to mass a strong
force in front of him.
The valley through which it is
believed General Buller plans to
push his way to reach Lady smith
is dominated on one side by Vaal
Krantz and on the other by
Doom Kloof. The British hold
the former hill or ridge, but the
Boers have many men and guns
on the latter, and can sweep the
valley and prevent the passage of
the British infantry. It is cer
tain that the artillery will play a
very important part in an at
tempt to force a way through the
pass, so that General Buller may
not have resumed the offensive
until yesterday morning, if in
deed he did then.
It is learned that a private ca
ble to a well-known Boer from
Spearmans Farm says that on
Wednesday Buller was holding
the position gained, and that
Ladysmith's relief is certain.
While of course the sender of
the optimistic message must be
taken into account, it seems cer
tain that the outlook for the
British arms is rosier than at any
time since the war began.
A large crowd was at the Wat
Office throughout the day. Bul
ler's first list of casualties, num
bering about 230, was received
in stony silence. The people
have made up their minds that
heavy losses are inevitable and
are prepared.
No intelligence as to the des
tination of Lords Roberts and
Kitchener has yet reached.Lon
don.
From other fields of war the
only important news comes from
General Gatacre, who has report
ed that the Boers made an attack
upon the British position near
Sterkstroom, apparently to
prove that they were not nap-
ping.
The report that armed Kaffirs
have been found among the Boer
> LONDON, Feb. 8. —& 6
\ cable dispatch received °
\ in this city from Spear- °
* mans Can>p under to- 9
\ day's date says : ?
I "Builer holds b^s posi- °
> tion. Relief is certaii)." 6
>
dead in the trenches at Vaal
Krantz . is seized upon by
some of the London papers
as a justification for the em
ployment of Indian native
troops in South Africa. There
is no doubt that a couple of bat
talions of those wonderful hill
fighters, the Goorkhas, would be
very useful.
Clubland developed yesterday
quite a new and powerful inter
est in the progress of the war,
whetted by the news, which was
taken to mean that a general
move of the British forces had
commenced., Thus there was a
larger attendance in the clubs
this morning than has been seen
for weeks. Crowds stood around
the telegraph boards.
It is a striking fact how cau
tious the average club man has
become as to accepting news
from the front. A few weeks ago
everything was taken for grnnt
ed. Xow members go to the
telegraph boards and thence to
the war map, and make up their
minds only after much inspec
tion.
To-day the fear of Boer tactics
is universal. For instance, this
morning I heard much doubt ex
pressed as to General Macdon
ald's safety at Koodoosberg
Drift, it being argued that as he
had got there so easily, the pos
sibility was, as on previous oc
casions, that the Boers had in
tentionally allowed him to reach
there with the object of hemming
him in the more easily.
The opinion heard is that the
less news we hear at present the
better it is. The immediate re
turn to the news detail is reck
oned by a capable authority to
have the effect of making officers
on service nervous. The idea is
presented thus: The generals
don't like fighting under the mi
croscope. There is no doubt
that public sentiment is very
hopeful. This is reflected in the
city, .where on the Stock Ex
change, that great and generally
true barometer, Americans and
mines were strong.
The same spirit of quiet and
undemonstrative confidence and
the same activity prevails at -the
LONDON, Feb. B— General Duller has cabled to the War Office that the ap
proximate British casualties in the fighting at Potgieters Drift up to noon Tues
day arez
Officers— Two killed and fifteen wounded; non-commissioned officers and
men, 216 killed and wounded.
The officers killed were Major Johnson-Smyth and Lieutenant Shafto, both
of the Durham Light Infantry. The officers wounded Include Colonel Fitzgerald
of the Durham Light Infantry, Colonel A. J. Montgomery of the Royal Artillery
and Lieutenant Sir T. A. A. Cunningham? of the Ri?*e Brigade.
However, the English People Have
Refused to Accept News of Al
leged Victories by Their Fight
ing Corps Until Verification Is
Received-Gen. Gataere's Troops
Attacked by Boers, Who Are
Reported to Have Been Repulsed.
BULLER'S FORCES ARE UNABLE TO
ADVANCE BEYOND THE CAPTURED HILL
British Troops Are Preparing for the
Supreme Struggle to Reach Lady
smith — Beleaguered Garrison Re
mains Hopeful of Speedy Relief.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVn-SO. 71.
The San Francisco Call
GREAT BRITAIN'S
BIG ARMY IN
SOUTH AFRICA
LONDON, Feb. B.— ln the
House of Commons to-day
George Wyndham, Parlia
mentary Secretary of the War
Office, answering a question,
said that 2285 officers and
men of the British army were
missing, but it was uncertain
how many of them were at
Pretoria. As to their protec
tion in case the British be
sieged Pretoria Mr. Wyndham
said the Government left that
to the discretion of Lord Rob
erts.
Answering another ques
tion, Mr. Wyndham said that
in addition to the 180,000
troops in South Africa recent
ly mentioned in his speech the
Government had decided to
send seventeen more battal
ions of militia and 3000 yeo
manry, making a total for the
militia of over 20,000 men
and for the yeomanry 8000.
The total in South Africa, he
added, would then be 194,
000 effectives, exclusive of
sick and wounded.TOTAL COST OF
THE EXTRA SESSION
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
CALL • HBADQUARTBRSj . SACRA>
Sympathized With Boers
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The Commercial
Advertiser to-day says: Ex-Consul Ma
crum's abrupt and • hitherto . unexplained
departure from his post at Pretoria Is ac
counted for by an intimate personal friend
of his In the following way:'
"The ex-Consul is a very young and vary
enthusiastic man, a thorough idealist. He
was so convinced of the justice of the
Boer cause that he. felt he could not ade
quately represent the \ neutrality required
by the position of our Government toward
the war. He felt thafif he retained his
.position he could not act up to his official
duties without infringing on his idealistic
instincts. - For a while there was a sharp
conflict In his mind, which resulted «n his
abrupt departure for America. • Mr. Ma
crum told me himself that this was the
reason for his action." ' ' '--v * :
Plenty of Volunteers.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. B.—Recruit
ing for the Strathcona Rough Rider, Corps
began here to-day, the selection 1 being in
the . hands of Major R. C. Lawrie. Al
though only fifteen can be taken from
Vancouver, more than ten times that
number presented themselves for enlist
ment.
AttacK in Zululand.
.DURBAN, Feb. B.— A large force of
Boers attacked Nordwenl, in Zululand, de
stroyed the public buildings and took nu
merous prisoners.' A force of volunteers,
with artillery, has been dispatched thither
to support the scouts and to oppose a fur
ther advance of the Boers.
ANOTHER DELAY IN
THE MOLINEUX CASE
• NEW TORK. ; Feb. B.— The case of Ro
land B. Mollneux, .charged with the mur
der of Mrs. Katherine'J. Adams, did not
go to the jury, as had been. hoped. Juror
Manheinv. Brown, whose illness nad al
ready delayed the , trial two weeks, t\ as
taken ill with indigestion at, the noon re
cess and was unable to return to the court
this afternoon.- His illness U not -serious,
however, and : the trial will jjo on to
morrow in all likelihood.
In his argument for the prosecution As
sistant District Attorney Osoorne made a
vigorous defense of Harry Cornish. Refer
ring to the insinuation of Mr. Week.i that
Cornish was the guilty man, Mr. Dsborne
exclaimed: "Great God! Is it not enough
to send a man the poison by which the
most dreadful crime of tno century was
committed? Must you satisfy yourself
with intimating in open court that an in
nocent man .was guilty of this dastardly
crime? . I know ; that you. Mr. Weeks, do
not think for one moment that Harry Cor
nish had any hand in this crime."
Fire at Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. "B.—
Fire broke out in the assaying laboratory
in the engineering buildings at Stanford
about 6 o'clock this morning. The prompt
work of the student volunteer fire depart
ment prevented any serious results. *, The
AGUINALDO
HAS ESCAPED
FROM LUZON
Officials Yfjihk He May Be
in Europe. '
.CHICAGO, Feb. O— A special
to the Chronicle from Wash
ington says : The War Depart
ment believes that Aguihaldo
has escaped from the island of
Luzon."
The department officials
would not -be surprised to hear
from him next- as in London or
Paris in company with Agon
cillo:
TREATY WITH
ITALY SIGNED
IViany Dig uunueaaiuua
in Tariff Rates.
WASHINGTON. Feb. B.— Special Pleni
potentiary Kasson for the United States
and Baron Fava, the Italian Embassador.
for his Government, at the State Depart
ment to-day signed a reciprocity arrange
ment under the third section of the Ding
ley act- This arrangement does not re
quire the action of the Senate, but it
does need the ratification of the Italian
Chambers. Until that has been obtained
it is deemed well to withhold the text of
the agreement from publication.
The concessions made by Italy to the
United States are quite extensive, includ
ing agricultural and electrical machinery,
fish pickled and in barrels, sardines and
anchovies, scientific instruments and cot
ton-seed oil. In addition to these articles
sent In considerable quantities to Italy
are placed on the free list, viz., turpentine,
natural fertilizers and skins. The amount
of reduction on the dultable articles is
considerable, in some cases reaching as
high as 50 cents a quintal.
The concessions granted by the Lnlted
States to Italy are the same as allowed
France under her reciprocity arrange
ment and embrace brandies or other spir
its distilled from grain or other material;
still wines and vermouth, in casks or bot
tled In cases; argot's, paintings in oil or
water colors; pastels, pen and ink draw-
Ings and statuary.
The agreement is the result of many
months of negotiations and the conces
sions on both sides are regarded as quite
advantageous.
Buried With Honors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Feb. B.— The body of William
B. Jackson, a former Salinas boy. which
was among those of the dead soldiers on
board the ¦ transport Ohio which arrived
from Manila Friday, was brought to this
city to-day and given a military burial
under the auspices of Troop C, N. G. C.
The young soldier was a nephew of A. B.
Jackson, president of the Salinas City
Bank. • .*;••;*"
Young Men Who Will Represent Stanford in the Carnot Debate.
that Stanford ever produced. With hH
magnificent physique and natural elo
quence, expejience has given him an ea^y
grace, ready wit and careful analysis thnt
: c him a worthy opponent. His great
est strength lies in his shattering rebut
tals, which always commend him to his
audiences, and will stand him In goo s l
stead In a contest where spontaneity is
rated so highly.. Springer is the only vet
eran among the team. His major is
economics. His home is In lowa.
Both Marrack and English are juniors
in college, both reside in San Francisco,
and, queerly enough, were classmatrs in
the Lbwell High School, graduating from
that institulon In the spring of 1597. Sine.*
coming to Stanford they have kept up
their Interest In debating by work in the
two leading debating clubs of the univer
sity." Marrack has a frank manner, a log
ical mind and Is a hard worker. English
Is the most polished speaker on the team,
winning his audiences as much by his
SENATOR THOMAS BARD
GREETED IN THE SOUTH
Hundreds Eagerly Clasp Hands With Him
in the Los Angeles Chamber of •
Commerce Hall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 8.-A hearty, un
reserved and cordial greeting was accord
ed to Thomas R. Bard, California's junior
United States Senator, as he at noon to
day entered Los Angeles, accompanied by
Senators Bulla and Rowell and the recep
tion committee appointed from the vari
ous Republican clubs that had greetea
the city's guest at Burbank.
Mrs. Bard met her husband at River
Station, and when the train halted In the
Arcade depot scores of old-time friends
extended heartiest congratulations. At
the depot the Senator was also met *>y his
three daughters and two sons. A brief
impromptu reception followed the Sena
tor's arrival at the Van Nuys, after which
he repaired to h!a home on Adams street.
At 4 o'clock the Senator by appointment
became the guest of all the local Repub
lican clubs in the rooms of the Union
League. For nearly two hours citizens
irrespective of party filed through the re
ception rooms and were introduced by
Brodner W. Lee to the new Senator. All
speechmaklng was eliminated, the func
tion being a purely home affair.
To-night in the Chamber of Commerce
Mr. Bard became the city's guest. A
committee of twenty-five from the Cham
ber were present to receive the hundreds
that thronged the building. At 8 o'clock
President J. S. Slauson arose and said:
"Time sets all things even, and the man
that we have wanted from Southern Cali
fornia to occupy a seat in CongTess to
night has become our guest. We honor
those men who in Sacramento had the
hardihood to send Mr. Bard to the United
States Senate. We are here to rejoice
with the State over the selection of a
capable, God-fearing, upright man."
Aa Mr. Bard stepped forward he was
greeted with cheers and every demonstra
tion of pleasure. In a low tone, plainly
showing suppressed emotion, Mr. Bard
said:
"It is too difficult for me to express my
feelings when facing this wonderful dem
onstration of approval and confidence in
recognition of an honor that seems to
have met the approval of the State. I
consider It a great provilege to greet the.
people of Los and at such a time
as this I do not believe that I should go
beypnd thanking you for this evidence of
your kindness and esteem."
Senator and Mrs. Bard were presented
to hundreds of citizens as they hied
through the building. Regarding his plans.
Senator Bard said to-night that he would
arrive . in San Francisco Saturday morn
ing. On Wednesday next he will go to
Ventura and he will leave for Washing
ton March 1. In an interview Senator
Bard was asked if he had seen the charge
in the San Francisco Examiner that V\a
Sugar Trust had spent money in San
Francisco. to bring about his election.
"I have seen the story to which you re
fer," was the reply, "and I need not honor
such a baseiesa statement with a denial. I
am under obligations In my recent elec
tion only to the B«"iHlemen at Sacramen'o
whose votes in the Legislature brought
about the result. I have made no tmd<?«
or deals of any sort and was never asked
by any one to make any promise in a.l
vance upon any subject. That fact will. I
believe, be generally taken for granted by
those who know me. I am not a rallroa.i
man nor a Sugar Trust man, nor anything
else except a plain, ordinary American cit
izen, and one who has always in the past
been a consistent Republican, believing
the principles of that party to be most
conducive to the prosperity of the nation.
"\s for my course at Washington. I ex
pect at all times to do my duty according;
to the light given me by Providence, f
expect to be in entire harmony with sen
ator George C. Perkins and shall do mv
share toward working against the pro
posed Jamaican reciprocity treaty. And
I am for San Pedro harbor until that Im
provement shall have been completed as
planned by the engineers of the Govern
ment."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo . Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
E, W. Grove's slgnatur* U pn eacb box. 2ic.
Funeral of James Moncrief.
Special Ptsr>atch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. B.— James Francis
Moncrlef, the young switchman who was
killed at Alameda mole, was burled this
afternoon in this city on the arrival of
the narrow-gauge train from his home at
Boulder Creek. Extra cars were on the
train to accommodate a large number of
people present from Boulder Creek The,
funeral was a large one and there were*
many beautiful floral pieces. The Inde
pendent Order of Foresters, of which he
was a member, attended in a body. Tha
officiating clergymen were : Rev. George
Stanley, pastor of the Methodist Church
of Boulder Creek, and Rev. Alexander
Eaken. pastor of the Presbyterian Church
of Santa Crui. , ie:"..-«
struck her mother
insteed of the dog
Troubles ; : of Mrs. and Miss Coop in
Defending Their Coop.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"BELVEDERE, Feb. B.— To have six
chickens devoured by a cannibal dog Is
bad enough, but to get knocked out with
a broom while defending your property
from the onslaughts of the enemy is
worse. This was what befell Mrs. Coop
of this place and her ally in the attack
was the deliverer of the blow which put
her out of commission.
For some nights past chickens have
been missing from the coop and Mrs.
Coop, who is the wife of John Coop, pres
ident of the Belvedere Land and Water
Company, has laid awake nights recently
to capture the depredator. Miss Coop also
has an Interest In the chicken combine
and 6he. too, watched and waited. Last
nig"ht the vigilance of the sentries wa&
rewarded by the sight of a large St. Ber
nard besieging the hen laager. The relief
column sallied out and laid for the en
emy In the shade of a kopje. When the
dog appeared with a chicken gracefully
falling in festoons from his nether lip
Mrs. Coop screamad, but Miss Coop, being
armed with woman's weapon— a broom
aimed at the canine chicken - thief a
vicious "swipe." In the excitement of the
moment she must have mistaken her
mamma for the St." Bernard. A feeble
scream, followed by a heavy thud, ap
prised her of the execution she had done.
Mrs. Coop lay motionless for a few mo
ments, but a copious application of cold
water soon brought the flush of life again
to her cheeks. As she was led Into the
house she was heard to remark on the
vividness and beauty of the stars, but as
it was a cloudy night this was put down
as being an optical delusion. The Coops
now buy their eggs at the grocery store
and the henhouse will be converted into
a monument for the dog— when they
catch him. •
HEPBURN OPPOSES
CANAL TREATY
Says It Concedes Too
Much to England.
WASHINGTON. Feb. B.— Representative
Hepburn, chairman of the House Inter
state and Foreign Commerce Committee,
which has charge of the Nicaragua Canal
appropriation, opposes the canal treaty
with Great Britain now pending in the
Senate.
¦"I think," he said, "that the negotia
tions of this treaty are very unfortunate
and that it ought not to be ratified by the
Senate. I donlt know that the pendency
of the treaty will interfere with action by
Congress on ihe Nicaragua Canal bill, but
the ratification of the treaty would cer
tainly impair the value of the canal. when
constructed.
"This treaty reaffirms the principles of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, conceding all
the claims and contentions of Great Bri
tain, though Great Britain has, by her
own action, given us the right at any
time to abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. It surrenders everything to Great
Britain, abandoning our contention :of
years that we might abrogate the treaty
at will.
"Moreover. It recognizes the right of
any foreign power to interfere and dic
tate with reference to our negotiations
with the present Governments of thla
continent. It abandons the Monroe doc
trine."
LONDON, Feb. B.— ln the House of
Commons to-day, replying to a question
as to whether Great Britain has relin
quished all her rights under the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty In respect,to the Nicaragua
Canal, and if so. what, compensating ad
.vantages, if any,'. had been secured in'ex
change, the Parliamentary. Secretary of <
the Foreign Office, WUHans St. John Brbd
erlck, said there had been no question of
compensation, . the ; advantages of the for
mer, convention relative.-to^the jieutrality
of the canal and the protection of >trade
and commerce, under conditions of entire
equality, having been fully maintained.
MENTO. Feb. B.— The last of the appro
priation bills passed the Assembly to-day
and were approved by the Governor. The
total expense of the extra session is $33,
195, as follows: Contingent expenses.
$3000; per diem and mileage of Apsembly
men, $13,000: per diem and mileage of
Senators, JSOSS; per diem and mileage of
officers and clerks of the Senate. $2737;
State Printing Office expenses, $4500. The
appropriation is based on a session last-
Ing until next Monday night. It is almost
certain, however, that there will be an
adjournment by Saturday noon. The Sen
ate has adopted a resolution. to adjourn
Saturday. The Assembly committee on
ways and means recommended the reso
lution to-day, but Dibble suggested . no
immediate action be taken on it for the
reason that there was a possibility all
bills might not be in shape for the Gov
ernor by that time. The resolution will
be the special order for 3 o'clock to-mor
row and. as already explained, Dlbbte
will attempt to filibuster in order to as
sist the Governor In his scheme of star
vation and delay.
loss is not over $200 and will not material
ly affect the work of the department.
OTHER NAMES ADDED
TO THE CASUALTY LIST
General Otis Sends His Report of the
Killed and Wounded in the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.-The following
list of casualties was received at the War
Department to-day from General Otis:
Killed— Luzon— Company F. Twenty-fifth
Infantry, January 3. at Iba. Sherman
Shepard:. Company E, Third Cavalry, 14th,
at Blmmauya. George, Mitchell; Company
G. Thirty-sixth Infantry, 22d. at Dasoi,
ZambeJes, George C. Knapp: Company L.,
Thirty-fourth Infantry. 14th. at Carring
lan. Nueva Ecila. Thomas Griffin; Com
pany B, Forty-first Infantry, February 'i,
at -Mabalacal,; August Costa;- Thirty-sec
ond Infantry,' 6th; near Dlnalupljan Ba
taan.Lee S.. Murphy,, corporal; Leonard
T. Brann, Bert R.. Lane. Oliver H. Martin,
Algernon S. Pressly, George Welsh; Com
pany K. Eighteenth Infantry L Panay, Jan
uary 11, at Panltan, John H.. Danny; Com
pany L, Forty r third Infantry, Samar. 27tli.
at Catalabagan, Edward Logan,
Wounded— Patrick Duffy, corporal, leg,
severe.
BRAZIL ASSEMBLES A
SQUADRON OF GUNBOATS
Fears Trouble Over the Demands of
Bolivia With Regard to the
Officials of Acre.
RIO JANEIRO. Feb. B.— The Bolivian
Minister yesterday had a conference with
officials of the Foreign Office and again
demanded that the Brazilian Government
should restore the authority of the Bo
livian officials in Acre, alleging that the
State Government of Amazonas is respon
sible for the trouble which has occurred.
Brazil will limit her action to sending a
squadron of gunboats to protect Brazil
lan property. *>-.-••.•:
PRESIDENT ZELAYA
PREPARING FOR WAR
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Feb. B.—Accord
ing to mall advices from Blueflelds, re
ceived to-day, popular excitement in Nic
aragua is increasing in consequence of the
urgency of Norway In demanding a set
tlement of the claims growing- out of the
alleged ill-treatment of Norwegians by
the Nicaraguan Government during the
Reyes rebellion last spring. It is believed
that President Zelaya intends to resist
the payment of Indemnity and that he is
occupying strategic points along the coast
with Nicaraguan troops. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
REALIZED ON FORGED CHECK.
MEMPHIS, Term., Feb. B.— The Mem
phis National Bank yesterday advanced
$1000 on a forged check for $5640, purport
ing to have been drawn by Edward
Smither, surgeon and disbursing officer,
U. S. A., at Ban Francisco, made payable
to the order of S. M. Byrne and indorsed
by him. The check was one of. a number
stolen from Major Smlther's office by a
former employe. The man who presented
the check has disappeared. I
Pacific Coast Pensions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.-Pensiona were
granted to-day as follows: California-
Original— James A. Rigner, San Francisco,
$6;. David Davis. Folsom, $8. Increase-
Charles Froberg. Oakland. $6 to $12; Jacob
Conrad, San Francisco, $8 to $10; Henry
O. Liebscher, San Francisco, . $3 <to $10;
Amasa S. Fanning. Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $8 to $10.
Oregon— Original— Elijah H. Coats, Fox
Valley. $6: John Hutchtns. Albany, $6.
Increase— John Bishop, Oakland, $6 to $S;
Amstred-D. Burton, Ashland, $6 to $8.
Washington — Restoration and increase —
William F. Taylor, Tacoma.sB to $14. Re
newal—John Hagler, New Whatcom, $8.
Increase— Hans Erickson, Port Angeles,
$8 to $10.
Large Mortgage Filed.
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. B.— A copy of the $2,250.
000 mortgage executed by the Sunset Tel
egraph and Telephone Company to the, Oil
Colony Trust. Company of Massachusetts
was filed here to-day. The instrument cov
ers all lines and effects of the company
and is made to secure an issue of 5 per
cent gold , bonds, issued January 15. . 1900.
The mortgage is being filed in all the
counties of the State. The filing fee here
amounted to $20. and the original mort
gage carried revenue stamps to the
amount of $1135.
Fruit Growers Meet.
VISALI A. Feb. B.— A mass meeting of
fruit growers of Tulare County was held
in Vlsalla . this afternoon to consider-:th»
advisability of signing a contract with the
California Cured Fruit Association. It is
estimated that two-thirds. of the growers
of this county are now In the association,
with a prospect of 99 per cent of the rest
going in. Thomas Jacob Is organizer for
the district composed of Tulare, Kern and
Kings counties. JssliiPP'ili£
Embassador Monson in Italy.
SAN REMO. Italy, Feb. 8.-Sir Edmund
J. Monson, British Ernbassador to France
arrived here this morning. " ';
CARNOT DEBATE BY
THE UNIVERSITIES
BERKELEY. Feb. B.— To-morrow even
ing, in Hearst Hall, the annual Carnot
debate between the University of Cali
fornia and Stanford University wtll take
place. The question is: "Resolved, That
in' France the Ministers should be respon
sible to the President." M. de Frobrland,
the French Consul, will attend. The
judges are: Donald Y. Campbell, Judge
Ralph G. Harrison and Judge John Hunt.
CLARK'S MANAGERS
GIVE TESTIMONY
Say the Campaign Cost
Them $21,000.
WASHINGTON. FeS. 8. — Senator
Clark's managers occupied the witness
stand throughout the day in the investi
gation which the Senate Committee on
•Privileges and Elections la conducting
Into the election of the Senator from Mon
tana. Mr. Blckford concluded his testi
mony and was followed in succession by
Frank E. Corbett. Clark'i principal coun
sel in Montana; ex-Governor S. T. Haa
ser, A. J. Davidson and A- J. Steele. Da
vidson and Steele were identified with
Clark's campaign, Davidson being one of
a committee of three having the matter
especially in charge. He said he had spent
$21,000 in the legislative campaign and
$5000 in trying to influence the Legislature
for Clark. The expenditure, bo declared,,
was all legitimate. V-- -
Governor Hauser's testimony related
generally to the use of money in Montana'
politics. He claimed to have been instru
mental in getting Clark to enter the Sen
atorial race, saying Clark had been loth
to do so because of the expense. Mr.
Hauser said that in the neighborhood of
a million dollars bad b«en spent in the
tight over the location of the capital in
that State.
smooth delivery and argumentative style
as by his force of argument When the
above team was chosen Miss, Anna G.
r raser was designated as alternate, but
as no vacancies have occurred she will not
have an opportunity to speak. Mias Fra
scr Is a young lady of unusual mental
ability. Her home Is In San Jose and she
Is a senior in the department of history.
The debate will be held in Hearst Ha.ll.
Berkeley, on the question: "Resolved, that
the Ministers of France should be respon
sible to the President alone."
To-day; the final drawing for sides and
order of speaking to-morrow night at the
Carnot debate was held. The result was:
W. M. Martin, U. C. affirmative: J. F.
English, Stanford, negative; C. M. Mar
rack. Stanford, affirmative: J. E. Spring
er, Stanford, negative; W. B. Greeley, U.
C, affirmative; F. E. Borton. ,U. C, nega
tive. The result is rather unsatisfactory,
as It hunches Stanford's^fipeakers. The
judges will not be announced until to-mor
row.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. B.—
To-morrow night three representative
debaters of Stanford University will meet
the team from the University of Califor
nia in the first forensic battle of the year.
The winner of the contest will have the
honor of wearing the Carnot medal for a
year and will be hailed as the champion
orator from over 3000 students'. Stanford
has reposed her confidence this year in
John E. Springer. Cecil M. Marrack and
John F. English Jr. With these men v.-Wl
go the hearty support of the whole stu
dent body, represented by the presence of
the one hundred enthusiastic rooters who
will accompany them.
At the head of Stanford's team stands
John E. Springer, '00, already the veteran
of two forensic contests with Berkeley—
the Carnot and intercollegiate debates of
last year. He is one of the best speakers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
?^ r. rrt W,W ,* ll 2 en , s of tne P° rt of ?*" Francisco.
In place of P. LC Henderson, term expired
«f ,r cS TxV lark - V" 5 Angeles County, a trustee
i n v L, hittl( ' r ss ' a *e School, in place of Will
iam It. Rowland, n-slpnrd.
Referred to Committee on Executive
communications and Appointments.
faenator Taylor introduced the following
joint resolution relative to public lands;
sio A -er'T? S V-, Fr '? m the . r report, eport of tne Commis
sioner of the General Land Office it appears
that curing the year ended June SO, 1599 there
E2TJ u Cd TS, t( V. the BU^s^ Tea of 'public
L m Ii thls SUte no nlore »h«n S2S7 acres.
Zt!lt yj-V- 1 "- 01 - 1-*1 -* *° «<™<><s to such areas In
Ss^'iT&^-JSP. " nd nearly
\\ horea*. It is Important for the welfare and
development of California that the public sur
r,nfn»?f™ ".k 1 ** ' )ushe ' l " s rapidly toward
completinn «s they are in other States in order
JmL «¦;,?. w er " on new - aniis can ob t»»n their
titles with the sarre facility as elsewhere.
r^X, re ". Sl , J i •" vn J" st th at settlers In Cali
fornia should be less favored than In other
inFnT^ hy the R «-nat' «""! Assembly
i^rteH V our I> Sen: "or. in Congress be ln
fVT.rl .£ d our He P r «<*'ntatlveß be Instructed
to urge the completion of the public eurveys in
?'", s^?. te and Prompt filings of plats in local
be marf * n°,! he ™- that thlf P ubllc
mem avallltble for settlement and lmprove
*J£* I "f asure was referred to the Ju
diciary Committee.
Senator _ Morchou.se introduced a resolu-
Vr?m£? ?e/? e /- effect that the Committee on
Mun cipai Corporations appointed at the
regular session be authorized to lnvextl
£ *i£ efor< i l £ e next r<a S u lar session the
condition of the laws of the State relating
to municipal corporations and the need of
tneir amendment or repeal; also to pre
pare such amendments as may be deen-ed
advisable.
The resolution led to a number of ques
tions.-Senators Shortridge and GlUstte
vigorously opposing the plan. The resolu
tion was finally adopted by the close vote
or 15 to 13.
ASSEMBLY VOTES TO
REPEAL WIDE TIRE LAW
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 8.-The Assembly
this morning passed Kelsey's Assembly
bill carrying an appropriation of $4000 to
pay attaches and employes of the As
sembly.
Melick's Assembly concurrent resolu
tion, requesting favorable action on the
measure now before Congress appropriat
ing $550,000 for the Improvement of Yosem
ite Park, was adopted.
Assembly bill 23, granting the Governor
extraordinary power In removing em
ployes of State hospitals for the insane^
a companion bill to that refused passage
in the Senate yesterday, was responsible
for a small storm. As had been the case
in the Senate, a number of amendments
were offered to make it a little more pal
atable to the legislators. Amendment af
ter amendment was offered by both the
friends and foes of the bill, and when It
was returned to the printer Governor
Gage himself would not have recognized
it. The measure as amended is too harm
less to live, and It Is the general expres
sion of the members that even In Us pres
ent form It cannot pass the House. The
Senate expressed itself on the measure
yesterday.
Brown of Colma spoke strongly against
allowing the Governor the powers he
asks. He pointed out that in Federal
matters the President never Interferes in
department affairs, and to grant such
power to Governor Gage would be an in
novation. Furthermore, he said, the pow
ers asked are quite unnecessary.
After recess the Assembly considered
Assembly bill 2, granting the Governor
power to suspend the sale of any part of
the public lands of the State. The bill
met with bitter opposition, as did that
giving him extraordinary powers. In re
moving persons from office. It was
amended against the protests of the Gov
ernor's supporters so that the powers
asked by the executive in his original bill
are denied. The question of adjournment
sine die was made a special order for 3
p. m. to-morrow.
The resolution repealing the wide-tire
law was adopted. Mellck gave notice
that to-morrow he will move to recon
sider. W ;. v
Krown's proposed amendment, to the
constitution to permit an expression of
choice for United States Senator at gen
eral elections was passed.
PROTEST FROM MINERS
AGAINST LAND GRABBING
SACRAMENTO. Feb. B.— The following
petition was received by the Senate from
the Miners' Association protesting against
land grabbing by oil speculators, being
presented by Senator Smith of Kerri: *
To (.he honorable members of, the Senate and
Assembly. Ftate of California:
Whereas. Hundreds of thousands at acres cf
lands bearing petroleum, asphaltum and other
valuable minerals in paying quantities and sit
uated In Kern. Fresno and other count to* if
this State have lwen returned by the I'nlted
States Surveyor General as agricultural lands
and
Whereas. Those lands are , now. being de\-»l
oped for she minerals they contain and are pro
ducing and will continue to produce millions of
wealth in such minerals, thus building up an
Industry of Immeasurable wealth for the State
of California: and
Whereas. Certain persons are now attempting
fraudulently to acquire titles to same as agri
cultural State lands under the act authorizing
the State of California to . take Government
lands in exchange for State school lands under
an art passed February. IS9I. and "relating to
lien lands to be selected by State or Territory "
anil also In exchange for forest reservation
lands under an act of June 4, ISS7; and
Whereas, The sole object of such persons In
acquiring: these lands Is for speculation because
of their value for oil and other minerals, but
not for development purposes, thus retarding
the growth of one of the most Important Indus
tries In California, thwarting the will of the
people and the Intent of our national Congress
In granting certain rights to the locator of min
ing claims, and by high-handed robbery de
priving thousands of miners of their holdlr.gß
the title to which has hitherto been held valid
by the United States Government; therefore
be It
Resolved, That the Miners' Association of
Bakersfleld would respectfully petition the Leg
islature now in session at Sacramento to make
much laws as will preclude the acquirine of
these mineral lands in exchange for State agri
cultural school lands; and also to memorialize
our national Congress to pass such laws as will
alto preclude the use of -what is known a* for
est reservation land scrip to acquire title to
these well-known mineral lands, a system now
widespread and the most reprehensible known
In the history of land-grabbln* in California.
Be 1t further
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be
at once forwarded to our Senator, S. C. Smith,
and Assemblyman, R. C. Dale, with the ur&ent
request that they will use all honorable m*ans
to prevent this stupendous fraud by organized
capital upon the misers of this State.
C. A. CANFIELD,
' Chairman.
* - C. LIKKJNBACK,
- . j J. ; W. P. LAIHD,
. . -.. ;,._C. 8/TOUNO.
\. - ---'-¦ Committee.".*
..¦•¦
GOVEBNOB GAGE has locked herns with the Legislature. His
customary boprishness, displayed in its latest . example in an
insult to United States Senator Bard, has provoked indigna
tion and a natural spirit of retaliation in both houses. The members
therefore are defeating the proposed legislation of the Governor with
more satisfaction than the intrinsic unworth of the measures would
suggest. The Governor will not receive the autocratic patroncge
power he expected, and in revenge he has framed a scheme to starve
the legislators into submission. Both houses can adjourn this week
with all work don-, but the Cfovernor is "lotting to keep the members
in session for an indefinite time without pay. The issue will be
fought out, it is expected, to-day. * "
CALL HEADQI'ARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. X.— Little will come out of
the extra session to gladden the heart of
Governor Gage. His hopes of autocratic
power have been crushed, he is discred
ited by his party and the session thnt he
expected to create him the political "It"
of .the State has disappointed him. al
though he has craftily planned to starve,
the legislators into submission. He will
pass Into history as a party outcast.
None of the pet measures he pleaded for
5n his proclamation will be passed by
eUher branch of the Legislature. Many
of his shortcomings misrhthave been over
looked, and as a compliment to him*j=ome I
cf his suggestions ¦would have been fol- I
lowed, with certain modifications, had it
not been fcr the gratuitous insult he of- j
fered Senator Hard on the occasion of the :
reception tendered the distinguished Yen- |
turan.
Even Gage's friends condemned his ac- i
tions as i-mall and beneath a man with ;
the least semblance of dignity . and de- |
ceacy In his make-up. Whatever chance ¦
of passage any of the Governor's meas. |
ures had previously vanished with his re- \
ception pouting. Yesterday the Senate j
registered the lirst decisive rebuke when I
St turned down the bill giving him the j
power of removing attaches of the State I
insane Asylums. To-day the Assembly j
followed the example of" the upper hou«s*e j
and snubbed Gage by a most decisive !
vote, although the members of the House i
are yet Ignorant of the full fieaning of i
Gage's latest scheme to delay them in |
Sacramento without pay.
The hospital bill was the first measure '
njerainst which his hopes were crushed, i
"Wade offered an amendment limiting to 1
four years the tenure of office of hospital
employes. Btlshaw presented an amend
ment to the amendment by which the ap
proval of the Governor in cases of re
moval would not be necessary as at pres
ent. Belshaw's amendment was adopted I
by a vote of 36 to 31.
The Governor's land bill was the next
to go down. The argument against its
past-age was that Gage was trying to
delegate to himself powers that belonged
to the Surveyor General. The same vote
that spoiled the assault on the hospital
I»atronape defeated the land measure.
Both Senators and Assemblymen de- j
clare boldly that they will oppose any
legislation advocated by Gage solely on
account of his treatment of Bard. They
claim that as the Venturan was practi
cally the unanimous choice of the mem
bers of both houses the Governor's sulk
ing was as much of an insult to them as
to the new Senator: for that reason they
do not consider Gage has a right to ask
any favors of them even If the atmos
phere of suspicion that surrounds all his
bills was not sufficient in itself to kill
them.
HOW LEGISLATORS MAY
BE STARVED INTO LINE
Fjwlal Dispatch to The Ca
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. B.— Assemblyman Dibble,
acting presumably In the Interests of
Governor Gage, is engineering a clever
scheme to force the passage of the
patronage bills. The Governor has mar
.•-haled the remnants of his forces and is
making a last desperate effort to capture
the State patronage. It Is proposed to lit
erally starve the legislators into submis
sion by prolonging the session after next
Monday, when their pay stops.
Dibble made his first move In the game
this afternoon, when he delayed considera
tion of the concurrent Senate resolution
until to-morrow. T.he move was cleverly
masked and the Assemblymen did not
know they were falling Into a trap until
after it was toe late, and the Governor"*
coterie began to buttonhole for votes to
carry through the measures which would
enable Gage to become a patronage pirate.
A conference committee is to be the
agency by which, the issue is to be forood.
There are two patronage bills on to-mor
row's Assembly file. In addition Dibble
has persuaded his Judiciary Committee to
report back a third bill, more seductive In
Its wording and more sweeping in Its
ecope. In the Senate an innocent amend
ment to section 772 of the Penal Code has
been pawed through the Judiciary Com
mittee. It adds but a word or two on the
line- of removal of officers by the courts, a
procedure already recognized by law. If
any of those bills art* passed and amended
by the concurring branch of the Legisla
ture a conference committee will bn de
manded by the House and the session
will be prolonged indefinitely.
As pay stops Monday and many of th«*
lawmakers are not only homesick, but !n
financial distress. It is the hope of Dibble
and the Governor that they will consent
to vote for the patronage bills against
their wills rather than go hungry or sen-J
home for money to pay their passage out
of town. The House will prevent the dis
charge of the conference committee until
Gage gains his point and the members
submit f> his dictation. There Is much
Indignation to-nijrht over the matter, snd
a determined effort will be made on tlie
floor of the House to-morrow to frustra.t3
Gage's scheme. The members are anarv
because of his treatment of Bard, and
they afe fairly wild at his effort to add
insult to Injury by c. bold attempt to whip
them Into line.
GOVERNOR SUBMITS A
LIST OF APPOINTEES
SACRAMENTO. Feb. B— ln the Senate
Senate bill JCo. 13. repealing section 19 of
article 3 of the lunacy law of 1597. was
taken up this morning. The Senators are
evidently becoming 6usplcious of such
measures, for Senator Davis asked If the
propsed amendment to the law would af
fect In any way the tenure of office of any
of the employes. Senator Wolf stated
that he thought not. The bill was then
made a matter of urgency and passed
without a disserting vote.
Assembly bill No. 22. appropriating $1!XX)
to pay the clerks and attaches of the As
sembly, was passed. - -•„..
The Jollowlns communication was re
ceived from Governor Gage:
To the Senate of the State of California: I
bar* the honor to inform your honorable body
that since the adjournment of the thirty-third
regular session of the Legislature I have made
the ¦ following appointments and request your
concurrence and consent thereto:
Oeorre W. Reed. Alameda County, a director
of the Deaf. Dumb and Blind Asylum, in
place of Andrew J. Halston, appointment with
drawn.
John H. Orlndley. Alameda County, a di
rector cf the Deaf, Dumb and Blind Asylum.
Jn place of B. F. Berxen, appointment with
drawn.
F. W. Boure«. Ban Francisco, a director of
th« California Home for the Care and Training
of Fecble-Mlnded Children. In place of I. \V.
C. Uofbut. appointment withdrawn. *¦.
Robert A. Foppe. Snnoma County; a di
rector of the California Home for the Care and
Training of F*ebl^-M!n<Jed Children. In place
of A. B. Ware, appointment wltWnwn.
Henry W. Keller. Ix>s Angeles Countr. a
member of (he State Board of FUh Commis
sioners, in place of J»m*« M. Mcrrlnon.
H. E. Nickel. Lot Angeles Or.unty, a mem
ber of the Board of Port Wirtmi of Bui
Frarcifco. in place of Eanroe) Braunhart, term
expired.
Cb&ijM & KecaeaU/ t • sstxbw of Cbti Bp an}
His Pet Measures Meet With Disaster and
He Schemes to Starve Legislators
Into Submission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will represent Stanford
in the oratorical battle
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
GAGE IS AGAIN GIVEN
A STINGING REBUKE
Just here from the makers— a shipment of Garner's percale
shirts In the very latest of designs. - :
GarnerVname on percale is a guarantee that the shirts are
fast colored It !s of the same importance to shirts as "sterling"
is to silverware.
The shirts come with cuffs attached or separate ; white, blue
or pink ground with stripes, figures and designs that harmonize.
They are
n
& each
Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue Ho. 2.
718 Market Street.
2¦Hani V^aKaaKflalßß llaT^i ljTaf timT faaC/ MJI I rKP* I BK^B t I Cs£fl I f'-K£2 l I Hjj . ( ¦sSßb^bv^^bbbPSVv'^^ ¦ME! 1 , - 800 1 I PICM *
Middy suits in blue serge and cheviot, ages 3 to 10 years, sailor collar,
seven rows of silk soutache braid trimming, vestee with imitation shield
and buttoned front, two pockets, pants lined throughout The suits are
$6.50 values— price now for a time &4.50.
The suits are selling fast— come quick if you want a choice of pat-
Building of the Young Men's Christian Association at Redlands.
Stock to Be Examined.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
WOODLAND. Feb. B.— The Supervisors
have directed the County Physician to call
in the State Veterinary Surgeon and maka
an examination of tho cows at the County
Hospital and ascertain if they are fre«
from tuberculosis. The examination will
be made .to-morrow.
Gerald Balfour Ill.
LONDON, Feb. B.— lt Is announced that
Gerald Balfour. Conservative brother oC
A. J. Balfour and Chief Secretary for Ire
land, Is critically 111. He has been suffer-
In s from a clot of blood In the heart, and
to-day had a serious relapse.
TlB Market Street.
HENEHAW, BUCKLEY it CO.. Pumps, B team and
Gisollnt S&clnea, BoUera. *< and 2S Fremont.
Out-of-iowh orders filled — write for illustrated catalogue No. 2.
Boys' middy suits
Saturday night the sale closes.
The suits are single-breasted, sack style, in patterns of gray and
brown mixtures. They are $8 ancT $io values — we reduced th£m to
$5.25 after stocktaking.
Come before the clock strikes the hour of eleven
Saturday night and you can buy a good suit at a very
low price— an $8 value for $5.25.
The price is so economical that you cannot afford to
let this pass, if you are in need of an inexpensive suit.
Again let us remind you of the importance of com-
ing before the sale ends.
to-morrow night our sale of sack suits for $5-25 closes—
and closes for good.
Get Health,
Get Strength,
Get Nerve.
HUDYAN.
KUDTAN IS -
the <nxr t*^ Trra - /V
eflj oa earth fcr re- fV "N
builfiin* *rorr. and y"^ 1 * \/ -- "^S
broken-do»-n con- \1 1 •" /
etltutlons. The ef- P ' V^/ -^\
feet of HCDTAN \ V -T
upon feeble, tier- li \ ;
vouf MEN and \X» fe^S,
WOMEN" S8 to Eiv« \*. I f
color to th* cheeks, \ » V
• ctirtty to the \ *r*
l:ir.b« and cub- X "^ 1
etance to the bo<ly. \
With those who . \
taVe HCDTAN. \a ,
the «tcp become* £^ f+
more firm. th- >IV\
mind rrowe more jf l \^
ch**rful. r \
HL'DVAN brinpm I A S? \
back heaJth and I// jvl t \
vigor. 1/ V?~*\
Note the num- f f/ I
bere: They de- j >>^/ . i
•rnbe points of / '^^ I
*'«iknefs that i>^^^/ \v 1
HITDTAN reaches. /I. / X^V.V
HUDYAN relieves / 5 / I' 5J
rolne and aches. / \-y * L Tj7
liLDTAN cure* /if/ / </
ti^rvousness. head- [I 111
ft'hes. sleepless- I / / //
res«. HUDTAS |> / f //
Insure* perfect dl- /"/ 1.6/
FestionandcTeate* II If
a healthy appetite. / / / /
HUDYAN touches f I 1/ I
the liver grr.tly. \ _\ /• — \
thus giving the \J \ \ / N -» t
b-wels nature's ,\ ¦" ' <*— -^
•axatlve. HUD- J
VAX strentrth^r.s
the action of the heart. HUDYAN stimulates
the kidneys to perfect activity. In this manner
expelling all Impurities from the blood.
fiCT HITFIVtV froir ' your druggist, soc a
UCI lILUIAII package, or six packages for
S3 CO. 'It your drufrgist does not keep it send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. Cor.
Stockton. Ellis and Market Sts., San Francisco,
Cal.
t rONSULT "t Consult Freo the
I FREE. I Hndyaß Doctor.. Call
+ ? or write to them.
-rS EDLANDS. Feb. B.— The nineteenth
I I annual session of" the State Young
r"\ Men's Christian Association con
1 I vened in the association .building
J- *• this evening. The room was decor
ated with American flags and evergreens
for the occasion. In the, absence of D. E.
Collins. State chairman, C. G. Baldwin
of Claremont, chairman of the Southern
California branch, called the association
to order at 5:30 o'clock and offered prayer.
A temporary organization was effected by
selecting C. N. Hand of Pomona College
temporary secretary. The nominating
committee was named by selecting one
member from each association present.
A sumptuous supper was served in the
main auditorium by the ladies of the
Methodist, Methodist South and Christian
churches. At the close Secretary Speares
of the Redlands association called upon
Mayor William Fowler, who spoke on be
half of the city. He said:
I consider it an honor to welcome the asso
ciation to this city and trust that it would,
be to your good as well as ours. rever
the Bible has gone the Young Men s Christian
Association has followed. A letter from far
off Burmah received this week from my daugh
ter, carries the intelligence that It has a good
foothold there. The' association here has been
a good thing for the city, bringing people who
ere leeded In every good city.
On behalf of the churches of the city
Rev. Dr. J. H. Williams, pastor of # the
Congregational church, said in part:
We, the people of the churches, look upon
the Young Men's Christian Association as not
something outside the church, nor In any sense
a rival of the church, but as a valuable part
of its activities, affording a common ground
for all denominations, upon whose platform all
can' stand, proving a real church unity. We
welcome you to a city of churches, a place
where church work, church life and church
attendance is made very prominent. As in
early New England, so here now. the whole
family goes to church. Here In Redlands all
denominations work together In close fellow
ship. Our city Is a progressive city not only
materially, but rellclously as well. New and
attractive church buildings are one of the
characteristics of this city. You are welcome.
You will find a congenial and healthful atmos
phere.
H. K. Pratt, vice president of the Red
lands association, extended a welcome in
behalf of the Redlands association. He
said in substance:
If there le any one thins I am glad of to
night It Is that we, as an association, all have
one father and one elder brother. Without the
fatherhood of God there Is no brotherhood of
man. We shoold be proud of being- co-workers
In this great organization represented here to-
to the people of his State will quickly result
In a full restoration to them of their powers
of government under the law. May God be
with you In all you say and do.
SOUTH TRIMBLE.
For Democratic Members of House of Repre
sentatives.
To Hon. J. C S. Blackburn. Frankfort. Ky.:
Absent on this occasion that we may not Jeop
ardize that for which the honored dead sacri
ficed his life, the Senate makes Its tribute at
the grave of the martyr, a lyre attuned to the
note he sounded with dying breath: "Be true
to the great common people."
THE DEMOCRATIC MEMBERS OF THE
KENTUCKY SENATE.
JUSTUS GOEBEL'S
MANIFESTO TO FRIENDS
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. B.— Justus
Goebel to-night issued the following- open
letter:
.My Friends: In closing these last sad rites
and before the remains of the kindest, gentlest
and most loving of sons and brothers be con
signed to their final resting place, I want to
say a last word. ,','-:
Your friend — my " brother— lies dead before
you, murdered for his devotion to the cause of
the people.
Should not Kentucky, now and here, swear
by his blood th«t her sons will see justice done
to those concerned In his foul taking off? If
you fall In this then your laws are dead let
ters.
If he could speak he would say now, as oft
before, "let the law take Its course." Will de
signing men of high- station be permitted to use
the Ignorant outlaw to further their ambi
tions, and when that ambition is disappointed
turn red-handed murder loose under the very
roof of the executive mansion?
Shall the guilty In high places be. uncovered?
Shall the honor of your State be restored? Or
shall h'.s life blood, split on your Capitol
square, be dried up by the sun. washed away
by the rains and his life sacrifice be forgotten?
Measured by the highest standard of man. the
grandest tribute possible to be paid him to
whom you have been bo loyal is to fjght for the
principles for which he laid down his life as
he fought for them.
. •¦
DEMOCRATS TO SOON
ORGANIZE GOVERNMENT
FRANKFORT. Feb. B.— Unless some ac
tion regarding the Louisville agreement is
taken by. Governor Taylor to-morrow or
next day, or some word sent to them re
garding his Intentions, the. Democrats will
proceed upon the hypothesis that he does
not intend to take any action and will go
ahead with the organization of their State
government at Louisville. A" conference
was held this evening in the Capitol Ho
tel, at which Governor Beckham, Sena
tor Blackburn, S. J. Shackelford and John
K. Hendrick were present.
The delay of Governor Taylor In declar
ing himself regarding the Louisville
agreement- was discussed at length and it
was agreed by. all present that in their
opinion the Democrats had waited long
enough. It was agreed at Louisville that
the Legislature should meet in the Capitol
building on Monday— and It is now so near
that time that the Democrats are begin
ning to think that Governor Taylor may
take no action regarding it within the
time limit set. One day more will be al
lowed for some Intimation from Governor
Taylor, and If it is not forthcoming an
other State government will be organized
at Louisville. ,
Not a Democratic member of the House
was in. Frankfort to-day to attend the
funeral, and to-night Governor Beckham
General Castleman and a few other Dem
ocratic leaders returned to Louisville to
take matters in hand there. The report
was given out that orders had been Issued
to arrest such members of the Legislature
as might come into town to-day, but this
was denied by Governor Taylor, by Adju
tant General Collier and Colonel Williams,
all of them saying that orders to that ef
fect had never been Issued at any time
during the trouble.
on behalf of the visitors. He said that he
had heard much of Redlands and Its cli
matic influence, and thought the change
would do him good. He said that tne
Young Men'i Christian Association build
ing here would do credit to a city ten
times the size of Redlands. He said that
tho coming of the convention meant more
to the. young men of the city than any
other meeting ever held here. The salva
tion of the young men of the State should
be the keynote to this convention.
C. K. Ober of Chicago, international sec
retary, spoke briefly of the work through
out the world. .
D. E. Collins of Oakland, the State sec
retary, presided at* the evening meeting
of the convention. An address was de
livered to a crowded house in the Metho-
St S? u^r by i. R -. c . v - ?, r -, John L - PHner of
the First Methodist Episcopal Church of
San Diego, who spoke upon devotion to
principle as the secret of the Buccess of
the \oung Men's Christian Association
Illustrating with a number of stories he
advised all to follow the example of Lin
coln who said "If I go down I will go
linked to principle."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
night where all laws of the true and the cood
may meet on one' common platform and where
what w€ profess is of less importance than
what we do. We realize that no Christian or
ganization In existence has so many search
lights turned en it In so close scrutiny as this
association. We believe that our organization
has fairly stood the test and to-day Is like
our Sunday-school, one of the most practical
avenues that lead to the better life.. The Mayor
has, figuratively speaking, given you the keys
to the city; you need no keys to our homes,
their doors are wide open to you.
On behalf of the business men of Red
lands John P. Fisk said:
I am clad to represent the business men of
Redlands In welcoming you to this city, for I
am proud of them. There Is a stronp spirit of
union and they all stand together for Redlands.
They are loyal and proud of this city In which
they live. I too am proud of this city and
glad to have you here. . v-. -
In behalf of the press A. H. Corman
said that he took pleasure to speak in be
half of the Facts, Citrograph and Hour,
the papers of the city, and extended a
hearty welcome.
Mr. McCoy of San Francisco responded
It is thought the work to be accomplished by the present convention will be a" stimulus for the raising of the
debt on the Redlands Young Men's Christian Association building. The debt has within the past few weeks been re
duced from $16,500 to $7000 by subscriptions of citizens.
HOTEL AT SAN QUENTIN
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Valuable Adjoining Property Saved
by Prison Guards and Crew
of the McArthur.
Special D:sratch to The Call.
SAN Qt'ENTIN. Feb. S.— Flames broke
out at 9 o'clock to-night in the Point
House here on the wharf. The place was
run as a hotel by John George, a Greek,
and was an old landmark. In spite of the
efforts of the prison officials, supple
mented by the work of sailers on the
United States survey ship McArthur, the
building was burned to the ground in less
than an hour.
The flames were first seen by Frederick
Emmand, a sailor on the McArthur,
which is anchored just off the point.
Giving the alarm to his shipmates, a
boat was manned and lowered. Under the
supervision of Boatswain Cattelsen the
jacks rendered gallant service in saving
the stock of liauor and several pieces of
furniture. The proprietor, John George,
claims that an enemy of his, who Is a
liquor dealer in San Francisco, was the
man who started the fire. George gave
the following account of the first discov
ery he made- cf the flames which devoured
his hotel: k
"I was sitting In tho barroom when
I heard footsteps in the adjoining
sitting-room. I ran to tho door
and saw (lames leaping to the celling from
behind the 3tove. I have lost my all and
my enemy Is the cause."
The hotel was situated on tho wharf
belonging to the North Pacific Coast Rail
road, and It is solely owinjr to the neroio
efforts of the prison guards, headed by
Captain of the Guard Russell and the
jacklcs of the McArthur that tho corpora
tion's property, including the station
house and storage-shed, was saved.
There was no insurance on the house and.
the loss is about $3000. The hotel was
owned by the Buckalew estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Feb. B.— A suit that at
tracted much sympathy and interest was
heard before a jury in Judge Rhodes' de
partment of the Superior Court and Is
one in which a father is suing his ollnd
son for $200 advanced for medical treat
ment on his eyes. The plaintiff In the
suit is Rev. A. M. Bailey, a well-known
divine. of the Methodist church, who has
preached the gospel in this State since
1552. The son's name is George H. Bai
ley.
Some years ago the son lost his eye
sight and entered the home for the blind
at Berkeley. The Rev. Mr. Bailey is a
man of large means and owned a fine
ranch near Santa Clan and other prop
erty. In 1594 he Induced his son to leave
the home at Berkeley an.; jir.-.mised to
pay him $50 per manth for his support.
Later the elder Bailey gave the son a life
interest in twelve acres of land in lieu of
$12 50 per month, and afterwarJ deeded
him a life Interest In two cottages In Saa
Jose in lieu of 123 additional per month.
Tta-» son In the meantime had bean, fur
nished a cottage for himself and family
in College Park.
The $200 on which suit Is brought was
borrowed in April. 1809. At that time tho
son claims his father requested him tr»
take it to have his eyes treated. Both
father and son were on the stand this
afternoon and told their sides of tho
story, and the great bitterness of tho for
mer toward his son was shown. Tho
story as related above wu told. The son
claimed his father had oald him but
$37 50 per month of the promised $50. and
as an offset of the $300 borrowed he claim
ed there was due him $12 50 per month,
since 1&34. Rev. Mr. Bailey emphatically
denied this, claiming that the use of the
cottage In College Park by defendant and
family with property turned over to him
completed the $50 per month agreement
entered Into.
After an hour's deliberation tho Jury
returned a verdict in favor of the- blind
son.
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
CONVENTION OPENS
HONOR GOEBEL BY
MARCHING IN RAIN
Monster Parade and Touching
Services at me Funeral of the
Assassinated Governor. .
FRAXKFORT. Feb. B.— Rain came down
in 6heets to-day while the funeral services
were being held over the body of Ken
tucky's dead Democratic leader. The
morning dawned dark and threatening,
but at 9 o'clock the clouds cleared away
and run carr.e out bright and brilliant and
there wae every promise of a pleasant
<Say. The prospect was short-lived, how
ever, for Just as the hour for the forma
tion of the funeral procession arrived, the
rain began to fall. Flowly at first, but with
ever-increasing rapidity and shortly after
the hour of noon, wtien the parade was on
the march, the flood began to descend
with Increased viciousness and continued
all through the afternoon. The exercises
in the cemetery were conducted before a
crowd much smaller than, would have
been the case if the weather was pleas
ant, but they were carried out to the let
ter and to-night the body of William
Goebtl lies in the chapel of the Frankfort
Cemetery, after one of the greatest fun
eral demonstrations ever seen in this
State. Ac soon as the weather clears suf
ficiently the casket will be consigned to
the grave.
It had been feared that there might
arise trouble between the soldiers in the
Capitol grounds and the Democratic par
tisans in the line of march when the par
ade passed the Capitol square, but nothing
of the kind occurred. The soldiers were
kept back on the level with the front of
the Capitol building and a line of sentries
was posted in front of them to prevent
them from goJr.g rear the fence on the
couth side of the grounds at the time the
parade was passing the sctuare. Orders
had been issued on the Democratic side
as well that no comments should be made
by the men In the parade as they passed
the grounds where Governor Gofbel re
ceived his death wound. The wisdom of
the commanders of the troops and that of
the Democratic leaders, adaed 10 the fact
that for twenty-four hours all saloons had
been clor-ed. enabled the day to pass with
out any exhibition of feeling being shown
on either Fide.
Early in the morning the arrival of
people"to witness the funeral exercises be
fc-an. most of them in the early part of the
day corning in buggies from the surround
ing country. By tne time the early trains
had arrived, the crowd was enormous.
Special trains came in from Georgetown
and Lexington and a few other places not
far from Frankfort, but the large crowds
came on the regular trains from Louis
ville and Cincinnati. Fully 10,(K»0 people
were on the streets to watch the funeral.
The body lay in state in the parlor of the
Capitol Hotel until 11 o'clock in the morn-
ing and more people viewed the remains
this morning than yesteruay afternoon
ana last night.
At times the jam in the doorways leading
to tht parlors was too great for anybody
!o force a passage through. The police
force of Frankfort Is not large— only six
men— and it had its hands full. When it
was massed at a given point the force was
good enough, but when separated it was
helpless. The crowd was remarkably well
behaved, however, end there was not an
unpleasant episode connected with the
proceedings from first to last.
The procession began to form at 11
o'clock on Wapping street, headed by the
city police force and members of the City
Council, city officials,. Grand Marshal Da
vid H. Murray and his aids. Then came a
long column cf members of different so
cieties and citizens on foot. Governor
Goebel was not a member of any secret
organization, but his father is a promi
nent member of the Odd Fellows, and the
local members of that body turned out
strongly to do him honor. None of the
societies were uniformed.
The column moved promptly at the ap
pointed time, which was the hour of
noon, and marching north on Wapping
stret-t turned west on Broadway, which
would take them past the Capitol grounds.
The rain was falling heavily as the pa
rade passed the grounds and the men
were marching rapidly.. The front of the
Capitol building was covered with soldiers,
who stood watching the parade, but save
three sentries at the gate there was none
of them within r>oo feet of the street. The.
nag on the staff of the Capitol building
was at half-mast.
As the procession passed the executive
building every man in the parade turned
his face toward It in the effort to see if
Governor Taylor was watching the march.
There was no sign of life there, however,
although one of the windows was open
and the curtains fully up. Other windows
in the building were filled with soldiers
and some few civilians, but. there was no
fac? at any of the windows of the Gov
ernor's office.
It did not require fifteen minutes for the
line of marching men to pass the Capitol
grounds and all chance of trouble was
over. As the line reached Ann street,
upon which it was to turn south for the
march past the Capitol Hotel, where the
hearse and relatives of the dead leader
were to tajce their places !n the line,
there was a long wait of nearly an hour.
The rain was coming down heavily, and
before long all the marchers were
drenched to th* skin. A few of them
made runs for places on the sidewalk un
der awnings, but the majority kept their
places in the street and patiently waited
for the word to advance. The delay was
caused by the services in the parlor of
the hotel, which occupied more time than
it was originally thought they would. The
services in the parlor consisted merely of
a reading of the Scriptures by Dr. Talia
ferro of the Methodist church and a solo
by Mrs. Jessie B. Caldwell of Covington
and a prayer by Dr. Schmidt.
The march to the cemetery from the
hotel beijan at 1 o'clock. The band struck
up "Nearer. My God. to Thee" as it passed
the south front of the hotel, and .mnn I 
dlately after the band came carriages con
talnlrx the honorary nail-bearers, who
were as follows: J. S. Blackburn. General
Joseph H. Lewis, Judge W. S. Pryor. Hon.
J. B. McCreary. Hon. Phil B. Thompson,
Hon. James H. Mulligan. Louis Descog
r.ets. Samuel J. Shackelford. J. D. Rhin
ock. Joseph W. Pugh. Zach Phelps, W. B.
Haldeman, Charles B. Poynts and Morton
K. Yonts.
Beside the hearse walked the active
pallbearers, who were as follows: Jack
Chlnn. Charles C. McChord. Ed Fennell,
James M. Rlch?.rd?on. Henry George Eph
Lillard. Willanl Mitchell. Charles M.
I>ewis, John L. Grayot, John K. Hend ricks,
John Fulton. I'rey "VVoodson. Joseph
Blackburn Jr.. Allle w. Young, R. B.
Franklin and Percy H^ley.
All the pallbearers wore mourning scarfs
of Mack and tvhite draped across the
breast and their hats were wound with
the same' colors. Then came the citizens
on fcfot and a long string of carriages.
The procession was fully one mile In
length by the time the cemetery gate
was reached.
Around the freshly thrown up clay ani
open grave was gathered a throng of sev
eral thousand people, who waited pa
tiently for hours in the midst of the down
pour for the funeral cortege to appear.
For half an hour before the long proces
sion reached the cemetery the rain came
down in a perfect deluge, drenching every
one to the skin. But through it all tJv>y
waited, and when finally the hearse
stopped at the walk leading to the chapel
the thousands present stood silent and
reverent as the pallbearers slowly carried
the casket to the porch of the little chapel.
The rain was coming down heavily at
the time, and after a hasty consultation
it was decided to postpone the burial cr>.i
conduct the <-»remonies from the stens of
the chapel. "When this announcement was
made a perfect scramble to secure places
of vantage ensued- Rushing flown the
walks and driveways and over the. graves
every one moved toward the chapel, and
in two minutes the little building was sur
rounded by a clotely packed throng. As
the casket was placed' on the supports on
the porch of the chapel a quartet sang
"It Is Well With My Soul." every one
standing with uncovered head as the
beautiful words of the song were heard
through the storm. Rev. G. M. Stanley
of Virginia, standing over the casket, then
delivered a short prayer. This was, fol
lowed by the quartet, who sang "Nearer,
My God", to Thee."
Rev. T. X. Arnold, an old and intimate
friend of Governor Goebol. spoke briefly
of the earthly life of the dead leader and
eulogized him as one of Kentucky's great
est sons. After a solo by Mrs. Jessie
Caldwcll Rev. Gilbert Schmidt delivered a
short address in German. He was fol
lowed by. Rev. K. C. Mann in a short ad
dress. Kld»r William Stanley followed in
an eloquent tribute to Governor Goebel.
He spoke bitterly of the assassination,
speaking of the. "chagrin and mortifica
tion in the heart? of all that the leader of
a people whose proud boast it was that
they never feared to face a foe. or failed
to defend a friend should fall at the
hands 'of an assassin."
Senator Blackburn was then introduced.
There was much confusion when- the
white-haired Senator stepped forward,
and he was finally compelled to stand on
a table so that the throng might see him.
As Senator Blackburn's stentorian voice
rang out in his denunciation of the shoot-
Ing of Governor Goebel and as he stated
that it was "not the work of a crank or
a crazed assassin" murmurs of "No" and
"That's right" came from a closely
packed crowd, while tears stood in the
eyes of many of the grim-faced men with
in hearing of his voice.
At the conclusion of Senator Black
burn's sprrch Governor Beckham was ln
troducpfl to make the closing address of
the ceremonies. He\ too. was compelled
to climb to the table placed at the side of
the casket before the ' clamors of the
crowd ceased. Governor Beckham was
listened to with the closest attention and
as, with his face flushed and his voice
trembling with emotion, he concluded
with an appeal to th<» people of the State
to support him in his announced inten
tion to carry out the policy of Mr. Goebel,
applause was heard for the first- time.
Rev. Louis Wallace of the State Peni
tentiary thm pronounced the benediction.
As he finished the quartet sang "Amer
ica" and the body was taken within the
chapel. Guarded by a strong force of
deputy sheriffs armed with rifles, it will
remain there until the weather clears,
when it will be carried to the grave pre
pared for it and buried.
LEGISLATORS AFRAID
TO ATTEND FUNERAL
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. S.— The Demo
cratic ' members of the Legislature sent
the following to Senator" Blackburn to
day, explaining their inability to attend
the funeral of Governor Goebel:
Hon. J. C. S. Blackburn. Frankfort. Ky •
The Democratic members of the Kentucky
House of Representative*, now tn Louisville,
and menaced with armed duress and unlawful
military arrest and detention for unprecedented
purposes directed againet the civil government
of our commonwealth if we rhould attend the
funeral of our beloved Governor at the State
Capitol to-day. Fend to you this expression of
our polfrnant regret and sorrow that we can
not be with you. We need not assure you and
the thousand* of grief-stricken Kentuckians in
Frankfort to-day that our hearts go out with
yours In unspeakable devotion to Kentucky's
martyred Governor. With each of you we each
earnestly trust that the all-prevailing mem
orr of Governor Gotbtl'a llf*-glv<m alltgiaao*
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CAI/L, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
SUES HIS BLIND SON
FOR A PALTRY SUM
Rev. A. M; Bailey, a Wealthy Di
vine, Wants Money Paid for
Medical Treatment.
V \ V
11 I' 6 /
bbbbbbv ScQif afiE r BBjsKsl ft I
¦Bp^^^aaaßEHHlTM^BaF* "*|^ffiKTLi4ML3fwaF^aCM "rL
aasf \
Be Tailor Suit,
Good lit Cape.
to J,.. Fur Garment
Yourself" " or Jacket.
COKE I COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Denier and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE. 81J FOLSOM ST.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
EAVE GOLD— KrcfiSi He. Co.. 9 Stevenson
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pump?.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 63 Steven»on et.
BEACH GOLD COvCE >TRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
ellver. Hand or power. In operation li Spear.
OASOLINF. ENGINES,
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is nillni?
larce number* of order* for Nome. Ul-HZ
First rt., S. F.
OLS.
LUnniCATINO OH. Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN * McGL'FFICK. 23 Spear »t.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS,
Lift Gold-BearlnK Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at C 25 Sixth St. BYRON JACKSON.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK A HAMILTON. Encloea and Boiler*;
lowe*t prices on the coast. Pine & Davis ate.
3ARE YOU DISGUSTED?
1 tf^W^y* : iss^X [^Z\ Have you tried drugs of every description, and— §
3 V^^Sw^M^M^^^ failing to find a cure— given up in despair ? Are you »
Si suffering from Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neural- g
§ gia. Weak Back or Varicocele ? If you are, ELECTRI- 8
§ ''^W'^^^mßSS T^_l C'TY is w hat you need, and by its application through my g
| 9^^^^s| Dr - Sanden Electric Belt j
j§> \ a mile *» soothing current is forced into all parts of the body, and in %
y 5^ '-. a short time you are cured to stay cured. Call at my office and H
§ J^^r^^HW*^ ' get a FREE TRIAL TREATMENT of my Belt, and satisfy your- §|
a iF m ==^>' '' self of its. value. In buying one of my appliances see that the 8
¦ IL^l! ' ft letter "S" is perforated upon each cell of the battery, as all •<$
S Ik^:1 ¦¦ -\ 'wMiflfc others are imitations. If you cannot call, write for my free book **
g [I TT I . "THREE GLASSES OF. MEN," which explains all. Office |
S J V* .«?*«fcaD» hours— 9toB; Sundays io to i. . g
« NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. g
I DR. T. A. SANDEN, c o'F4iFfffeu a srRE£T, §
O ¦ ' • SAN FftANCISCO, CAL. fi
« tl9}i SOUTH SPRING STREET.. LOS ANGELES, CAL. RUSSBL BUILDING, PORTLAND, OR. 8
Civil Service Troubles.
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
withdrew Its protest recently sent to Aud
itor Wells against the payment of the Jan
vary salaries in the department of the
Board of Public Works, and as a conse
quence the employes were paid off. Tho
ground of the protest was that the board
had not filed a list of its employes with
the commission, as required by law Other
protests against the Tax Collector's of-
« Ce> i*t le », CtrlC K 1 de P a .rtment and Board of
Health have been withdrawn, owing to the
fact that the heads of the offices -named
have filed their lists with the commission.
A Slave to Cocaine.
E. G. Brooks, an Englishman, 31 years
of age. was arrested Wednesday afternon
on Commercial street by Policeman Fur
long on a charge of vagrancy. He ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday after
noon and admitted that he was a cocaine
"fiend." In telling his story he spoka like
an educated man. He said he had been
employed in the Bank of England, where
his father had served for forty-two years.
He lost his position, came to this country
and became addicted to the use of cocaine
and lost all ambition. He said he had a
friend at 320 Sansome street who had
agreed to Fend him home to England. The
Judge dismissed the case.
X HOME STUDY COURSE. X
4- --!£_ — .+
4- IL— TWENTY LESSONS IN -f
? FRENCH CONVERSA-. ?
X TION. X
4- Published Tuesdays in The -f
4- Ban Francisco Call. Begin- ¦?
"?" ning Tuesday, February 20, X
X 1800. -f
4- ¦ 4-
4- ? The Paris Exposition Is sure to -f
4- attract thousands of Americans. -4-
j" In anticipation of this, The Call +
*" has arranged a course of "twen- -f
j" ty lessons In French conversa- "?¦
,T tlon," prepared specially for
j~ Americans who have no knowl- T^
j~ edge of the language, by Profcs- X
"*" sor Benno Kirschbaum, a dls- '¦+¦
"*" tlngulshed French scholar and +
¦?" teacher. All readers of The Call +
4- who wish to make a beginning in +
•?" French conversation will, find It -4.
+ to. their advantage. to follow these +
"?" studies. The ability to use ten +
"?" French words "to the point" will a
4- help to make "touring" easier, *
X and a working vocabulary of one T
X hundred words will surely cover T
4. up a multitude of embarrass- .
4- merits. Professor Kirschbaum has T
4- conducted European parties and is T
4- thoroughly familiar with the in- T
4- ltial language needs of uiAmer-'
X lean in Paris. ? . . ""?'j
to4~¥^4-+*4-4+.4+ i +£4-4'*J~H^\
PHOT
WHEN w» ny "RCPTUKE CTTREiy* w»
mean It, for It la a fact that thousands of cares
have been accomplished by Dr. Plerce's WoritJ-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS Curias the past
twenty-flve years. There Is nothing e!s« like it
on earth t It does the work! Have received .-.¦>
many letters and testimonial* that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured m-
vestlrats at once. Our prices are reasonable.
but not cheap. We mak» no discounts. "Dr.
Plerce's" Is THE truss, and you cannot b«
harpy till you set U.
You can set our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling- at the office, or It will be sent tv
you- on receipt of a S-cent stamp. It tells all
atxrat this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«0 Market street. SA2* KRAXCISCOI
(8 Tribune buildlsff, NEW YORK.
MRS. PHELAN LAID TO
REST IN HOLY CROSS
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES AT ST.
IGNATIUS CHURCH.
Many City Officials Present and
Large Crowds Unable to Gain
Admittance.
The respect in which the memory of
Mrs. Alice Phelan is held oil account of
her numerous charitable deeds was shown
yesterday by the scenes attending her
funeral, which occurred at half-past 10
o'clock at St. " Ignatius Church. By 9
o'clock the church was completely filled,
a denso mass of people who were' unable
to gain admittance crowding Hayes street
near the entrance to the sacred edifice.
When the funeral party arrived from the
late residence of the deceased at Seven
teenth and Valencia streets every man in
the black mass. 'of humanity removed his
•hat to do homage in the presence of the
dead. ' ¦" '• .
Mayor Phelan, attending his sister
Molly, followed the remains as they were
borne to the chancel, in turn coming Mr.
and Mrs. Frank J. Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Sullivan, Charles Delaney, Miss
Kelly and the grandchildren of the de
ceased. The honorary pall-bearers were:
Judge E. W. M»Kinstry, ex-Mayor E. B.
Pond, J. Downey Harvey, It. D. McElroy,
J. F. Dunne, J. A. Farrelly, J. M. Bur
nett, Henry Hoffman, S. G. Murphy and
James Moffltt.
The relatives and friends were seated
at the right of the altar, the opposite side
being reserved for the city, officials and
representative members of various organ
izations, of 'whom a large number were
present. The Most Rev. Father Frieden
officiated as celebrant at the solemn re
quiem mass. He was assisted by Rev.
Joseph Hickey as subdeacon, and at the
absolution services by Rev. Father Me-
Kenna,
While the congregation was being seated
Dr. Maurice W. O Connell, who acted as
organist and musical director, rendered
Guilmant's "Prayer" and Tombelle's
"Meditation" on the organ. Beethoven's
"Funeral March" was begun as the pro
cession entered the center aisle and was
continued until the services began.' The
choir consisted of the following: Rev.
Father Coltelli, J. H. Desmond, J. B.
Lane, G. Rowan and S. Hopcraft, tenors;
'G. V. Wood and G. Berger, bassos. The
choir rendered the following selections dur
ing the 'progress of the services: "Kyrie"
(Cagliero), "Nearer, My God, To Thee,"
"Lead, Kindly Light (Newman), "Libera"
(Cagliero), and the "Marche Funebre"
(Chopin), the latter being rendered as the
procession was leaving tho church. Two
solos were sung, "Pie Jesu" (Leybach),
by J. B. Lane, and "Fear Not Ye, O
Israel" (Buck), by J. H. Desmond.
At the concnislon of the service the
casket was borno from the church ¦ be
tween long- lines of acolytes, flanking the
entrance. • The interment was in Holy
Cross Cemetery and was strictly private.
• The floral offerings were numerous and
of beautiful design, five express wagons
being required to convey them to the
cemetery. An urn four feet in height was
offered by a relative, while Tax Collector
Scott and employes sent a cross nearly
eight feet in height.
YOUNG PETER JACKSON.
Photograph by BushneU.
YOUNG PETER JACKSON, the colored middle-weight, who Is to box Jack
O'Brien of Philadelphia before the National Athletic Club on the 14th
inst., is one of the rising men in his class. He has lately met and practi
cally defeated clever Tommy Tracey of Australia and has made a splendid
showing against some of the best men in the Northwest. He is training at
.the Ingleside House under the watchful eye of his manager and trainer.
Bishop. Jackson possesses great strength, is a hard hitter and is as quick as
a cat in his movements. He will make a good opponent for O'Brien, and
followers of the sport are of the opinion that the Philadelphia^ will have to
bring all his science into action to defeat the dusky middle-weight. O'Brien
does not hold Jackson too cheaply and is training hard at Blanken's Six-mile
House. He is already in fine fettle and premises to show local sporting men
that he has hitting power and will do even better than he did when he met
Al Neill.
SWINDLER MILLER
NOW IN CUSTODY
remained sick for the period of ten days.
Plaintiff was compelled to expend as a
result thereof the sum of $39 for medical
attendance, nursing and drugs. She asks
for J2GO to soothe ncr mental and bodily
anguish.
Head of the Franklin
Syndicate Caught.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— William F. Mil
ler, the head of the notorious Franklin
Syndicate in Brooklyn, which promised
lo pay, and did pay to many persons, 520
per cent on Investments, and who fled
when he learned of his indictment by the
Kings County Grand Jury for grand lar
ceny and conspiracy, was to-day brought
back to this city. He had eluded capture
since November last. .
Miller was in the custody of Captain
Reynolds, formerly of the Brooklyn De
tective Bureau, who lost his place through
his failure to prevent Miller from leaving
the city. The prisoner was arrested in
Canada on clews picked up a few days
ago. Captain Reynolds and his prisoner
arrived from Canada at 2:30 o'clock to
day and at once went to police headquar
ters, where Miller was introduced to Chief
of Police Devery. Miller was in a pood
humor. He did not seem at all put out
or disturbed by being in the hands of the
police or in the slightest fear as to the
future.
Chief Devery was very anxious to find
out something of Miller's doings since he
left the city, but Miller positively de
clined to say a word in that direction.
According to a statement made by Chief
of Police Devery Captain Reynolds found
Miller in Montreal. Captain Reynolds re
fused to go into the details of his search
and discovery of Miller. He said that
several days ago he was furnished with
clews of Miller's whereabouts and was
instructed by the Chief of Police to get
him if he could. In following up the clews
Captain Reynolds said he ran across a
man who knew Miller. The movements
of this man he followed until the latter
and Miller met. Captain Reynolds would
not say where this meeting occurred. Ac
cording to Captain Reynolds Miller was
not taken by surprise. The captain told
him that as they were In Canada he
would not arrest him, but would follow
him wherever he went. Miller replied that
he was going back to Brooklyn. Captain
Reynolds said that he did not place him
under arrest until they reached the Grand
Central Depot, when he showed the war
rant of the Kings County Grand Jury.
Miller took the matter very calmly. He
looked very seedy', his clothing is sollei
and ho lacks the air of a man who has
made a fortune.
Miller was taken from police headquart
ers to Brooklyn and arraigned beforo
Judge Hurd in the County Court. He was
held in |12i500 bail, which he was unable
to furnish and was then . transferred to
the Raymond-street Jail.
Three indictments had been found
against Miller, two charging grand lar
ceny In the first degree and one grand
larceny in the second degree.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES SK™.
SPRINGS.
Mc«t toted Mineral Springs In United State*.
Marvelouj cures of Rheamatlam. Blood. Urar.
Kldnty Stomach and other disorder*. ApdU!
FRANK W. EI*T. City A«eat. Ul Siarfet iw
WINTER RESORT.
Army Notes.
Conrad Thomas, private of .Troop A. of
the Third Cavalry, died at the General
Hospital yesterday. He came over from
Manila on the transport Sherman.
Major George" G. Arthur, additional
paymaster, U. 8. A., has been assigned to
duty with the chief paymaster of thisde
partment pendins his assignment 1 to Ma
nila - . ¦
[1 ?PATEjs3Tsf ;
Vae^33o MARKET ST.S.F.^fi*
FAIR "PENCIL" DEEDS.
Action Against Mrs. Craven Argued
in the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court Justice? Garoutte, Van
Dyke and Harrison listened all day yes
terday to oral arguments in the case of
James S. Angus, executor of the estate
of the late Senator James G. Fair, against
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven. After Fair's death
Mrs. Craven produced two pencil deeds
to valuable realty claimed by the estate.
One is the Clay Greene property on Mis
sion and Twelfth streets and the other
Is located on Pine and Sansome streets.
The notarial acknowledgments were by
James J. Cooney. I
In the Superior Court Judge Slack
decided that the deeds and acknowledg
ments were forgeries. Mrs. Craven made
a motion for a new trial, which la ¦ still
pending in the lower court, and at the
same time she appealed to the Supreme
Court from the Judgment of Judge Slack.
In the latter action, which is now on
hearing, the main question Is whether
Judge Slack. ruled correctly when he de
nied Mrs. Craven a trial jury and allowed
her only an advisory jury. He held that
the action was in equity and not in law,
entitling her to a jury trial. These and
other legal questions were argued at
length yesterday by D. lA. Delmas for the
plaintiff and W. M. Pierson and Garret
McEnerney for Angus, and Charles S.
Wheeler, representing .the Fair children.
During the entire session - Mrs. Craven
and her daughter, Mrs. Margaret Koehler,
were present and interested listeners.
The argument will be continued to-day.
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, lion the firstapproach
of the reroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy • then, a sinsle dose is often sufficient
K. rUCVER.I A CO.. So.3o.f.WUllumSt..V.Y.
Jury Views the Water Works.
\ SANTA ROSA, Feb. B.— The water
works accounting case is drawing to a
close. This afternoon arguments were be
gun in the Superior Court before Judge
Daingerfield.of San Francisco and a Jury.
The case has lasted nearly a month. This
morning the Judge and Jury inspected the
water works. The proceedings were insti
tuted to ascertain the value of the works
at the time they were accepted by the
city from the contractor in 1896. : , -^
Hairdresser Made Her Sick.
A suit was filed yesterday in the Jus
tice's Court by Mary Thackham against
Rose Bergold, in which the plaintiff al
leges that the defendant is a hairdresser,
doing business at 220 Post street, and she
employed the latter to dress her hair on
December 30 last. Miss Thackham com
plains that the said hairdresser so care
lessly dressed her hair and in so doing
used euch harmful and deleterious sub
stances that she was rendered sick and
NO PENSION FOR CLARKE.
Important Supreme Court Decision
Upon an Old Police Law.
Alfred Clarke, who for many years
was a member of the police force of
San Francisco in the capacity of clerk
in the "upper office," has lost his suit
against the Police Life and Health Insur
ance Board. The action was a petition for
a writ of mandate to compel the board to
grant him a pension under one of the old
laws. Clarke was a member of the force
from 1556 to IS6S, when he went out, only
to be reappointed again In 1569, resigning
in ISS7 on account of ill health. He served
an aggregate of thirty years. In 1883 an
act was passed by the Legislature provid
ing" pensions for policemen serving over
twenty years and being over 60 years of
age. This pension was established at one
half the amount of the salary drawn by
the officer on retirement, but the matter
of granting it was optional with the
board.
Clarke in his action relied upon the fact
that his term of service aggregated more
than twenty years. The Supreme Court
hold that his .contention was not well
taken, as he had left the department be
fore the law mentioned had been passed.
The court says: "We think it clear from
a reading of the amended section that It
has no application to one whose connec
tion with the department was at an end
before the passage of the amendatory
act." This decLslon reaches beyond tho
Clarke case, as 'several officers have be
gun or contemplate actions along the
same lines of that in the case at bar.
CORONER COLE BLAMED.
Insecure Trap Doors Caused the
Death of Bernice McClellan.
Many unfavorable comments are being
made respecting the management of the
Coroner's office, it being stated that the
relatives of Miss Bernice McClellan have
been . hampered in the way of obtaining
evidence for damages by the manner in
which the case was handled by the Coro
ner. Miss McClellan was killed last Wed
nesday evening by falling down an eleva
tor well in the building of the Standard
Biscuit Company at the corner of Front
and Pacific streets. The Coroner's office
was notified, but none of the deputies
went to the scene of the accident to view
the body or to remove it, and it was al
lowed to be taken to an undertaker's.
Coroner Cole was asked yesterday why
this unusual course was taken and he
frankly acknowledged that the fault was
his. Dr. Leland, the Morgue Surgeon, had
telephoned him about the affair and in
formed him that the girl's neck. had been
broken, at the same time asking permis
sion to let the undertaker selected by the
family remove the body. The permission
was given and the body was taken away
without any of the deputies seeing it.
"It was an oversight on my part," said
Coroner Cole. "I am yet green in the bus
iness and so are my deputies. They are
not to blame. I gave the order and I
will stand responsible for it, but I admit
that I was in the wrong and I don't in
tend that it shall happen agajn."
Investigation yesterday showed that the
unfortunate girl had been the victim of
frail and insecure trap doors which pro
tect the openings in the floors after the
elevator has stopped running. Tho doors
had all been closed, as the employe of the
biscuit company stated, but the slight
weight of her little body caused one of
them to give 'away when she stepped
upon It. The quality of the traps which
covered the openings on the lower floors
may be imagined when it is known that
her descending body tore them from their
fastenings and dropped to the ground
floor.
The building itself is the property of the
Fair estate. Jt is said that accidents of
a similar character have occurred in the
place before, and a great deal of blame is
placed on the heads of the owners for not
affording better protection to the inmates
of the structure.
FAREWELL BANQUET TO
A KNIGHT OF THE GRIP
SAN FRANCISCO COMMERQIAIi
TRAVELERS FEAST.
Gather Around the Board to Bid God
speed to D. McLaughlin in
His New Field.
The San Francisco Commercial Travel-
ers' Association gave a farewell banquet
in the Spreckels cafe last night to D. Mc-
Laughlin, who has resigned a lucrative
position with Tlllmann & Bendel to accept
a better one with an Illinois whisky
house. About thirty knights of the grip
gathered around the banquet-board to bid
their departing brother godspeed and in
cidentally to partake of the good things
bountifully provided for the delectation of
the inner man.
After the remnants of the feast had been
cleared away songs and toasts, liberally
interspersed with cheers for McLaugh
lin, held full sway until midnight.
President W. T. Rancel acted as toast
master, and every man present was
called upon to contribute to the entertain
ment of his fellows. It ia needless to add
that no excuses were accepted and few
were offered. Those present were:
W. T. Ransel, C. E. Tonrea, Samuel Seymour.
Thomas Fleming, H. H. Becker, Frank Cordea,
James Monahan, O. Crlmman. C. J. Horrigran.
J. HI an ton. JU t». Dobbs, G«orK» SchulU. J.
Harden*, John Offennaon, Carlton Moss. H.
Mahoney. J. Honman, •H. A. Zahn. George
Hollander, J. Devlin, Charles Adams, Nick.
Merrlsch. Benjamin Fredericks, E. Dunn, D
McLauehlin, Frank J. Waizman, J. Moscrop,
William. O*Connell and \V. T. Holling.
The officers of the association are:
Past presidents, E. Dunn, H. H. Becker*
president, W. T. liancel; vice president
C. E. Torres: recording secretary, D. J
Horrigan; financial secretary, L. L.
Dobbs; treasurer, J. -Horsman; sergeants
at arms. J. Devon, M. P. Mephon; execu
tive committee— J. Armstrong, O. Crira
man. P. Lang, H. Helna and H. Seiden
berg; membership committee— H. A.
Zahn, A. C. Bohrman. H. Kramer
Cole Gets Another Trial.
The case of Joseph S. Cole, convicted in
Monterey County of murder in the second
degree, has been sent back to the lower
court for another trial. The man was
convicted of causing the death of his sis
ter-in-law. In the lower court much im
proper testimony was allowed to be In
troduced, and even the District Attorney
-was permitted to question the wife of the
defendant along lines not recognized by
law. A further reason for reversing the
judgment was that the court made a num
ber of errors in its instructions to tho
Jury.
I will guarantee
that my Rheumatism
Cure will relieve lum-
bago, sciatica and all
rheumatic, pains ia
two cr three houra,
and cure in a few
days.
MUNTON.
At all druggists,
25c. a via]. Guide
to Health and medi-
cal advice free.
1505 Arch st. Phila.
GRACIE PLAISTED DIVORCED
Judge Bahrs Grants Her a Decree.
Suits Filed by Unhappy Couples.
Gracie Plaistod Fowler, the well-known
opera singer, was granted a divorce from
her hushand, Frank Leon Fowler, by
Judpp Bahrs yesterday on the'grounds of
willful neglect and desertion. Mrs. Fow
ler look the Ptand. told of her desertion,
corroborated her statements by a friend
and the decree was entered.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Anna A. Byxbee against A. G. Byxbee,
for cruelty; Maude C. Waters against
Charles T. Waters, for cruelty, and An
toni Bartnlkowskl against Marjanna
Bartnikowski, for desertion.
Judge Bahrs yesterday annulled the
marriage of Margaret and John Drum
mond. A short time ago Mrs. Drummond
Vu<?d her husband for divorce, alleging
cruelty as cause of action. The defend
ant filed a cross complaint, in- which he
alleged that his wife had another hus
band by a former marriage and on that
ground he should be awarded a decree.
The court accepted his version of the af
fair and Mrs. Drummond's prayer for
large sums of alimony was unheeded.
Annie L. Place filed suit ' yesterday
against Edward R. Place for an- annull
ment of their marriage. Mrs. Place con
fesses that at the time she married Place
she had a husband by a former marriage,
Henry Reidy, living. She • says she be
lieved Reidy d?ad at the time she entered
the second marriage, but has since
learned her mistake.
MANY MORMONS
TO LEAVE UTAH
Colony Will Be Formed
in Wyoming-.
:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE, Wyo, Feb. B~—Arrange
ments for one of the brggest colonization
schemes ever engineered In the West
have been completed here whereby a por
tion of the Big Horn basin, in Northern
Wyoming, will be settled by Mormons.
For several years a majority of the Mor
mons in Utah have felt that they could
not stand the persecution of the Gentiles,
and with the idea of getting away and
into a new country where they might
build their homes anew arrangements
were made with the Wyoming authorities
for the selection of 200,000 acres of land in
the lilk' Horn basin under the Carey ac":.
A committee of prominent Mormons is
now selecting this land along tire Stinking
Water River. The Erie canal and irriga
tion system will be utilized and several
new canals and reservoirs constructed.
Hundreds of Mormon families are now
disposing of their property in Utah and
packing up their personal belongings, and
during the early spring they will start
trekking over the mountains and plains- to
the new Zion. The Mormon leaders say
that upward of 30,000 will emigrate to the
colony during the present year.
HE HELPED TO
BREAK UP THE
FILIPINO ARMY
Captain Chase Back
From the War.
SAW SOME HARD SERVICE
»
DEOVE AGUINALDO BETOBE
HIM ACROSS LUZON.
Th<? transport St. Paul arrived from Ma
nila, via Hongkong and Nagasaki yester
day. There was a slight breakdown 'n the
machinery, which necessitated a call at
Hongkong for repairs, but outside of that
the voyage w.is an uneventful one. The
St. Paul brought up six passenfcers. They
were Mrs. A. EL Brayton, Captain Louis
Ostheim. General Carpenter, Captain
George F. Chase, Dr. Frank 11. Davis and
William J. Matthews.
Mrs. Bfayton is the wife of one of the
warrant officers on the United States
Cmtoer Brooklyn. Captain Louis Ostheim
is of the Sixth Artillery, Dr. Frank H. Da
vis was one of the veterinaries who went
down on the transports, while William J.
Matthews was formerly of Company M,
First California. Captain George F. Chase
ie of the Third Cavalry. He was General
Youngs right-hand man during the
famous chase of Apuinaldo across the isl
and of Luzon. Captain Chase camped
every night for nearly three months .with
in from three to five miles of the insurgent
leader, but could, never catch up wltn
him. Through the swamps of the center
of the island the captain and his com
mand made their way. breaking up half
a dozen divisions of the rebel forces, Lut
they could never catch Aguinaldo. Cap
tain Chase was laid up with malarial fever
and has come home for a rest. He will
go back to the Philippines in a month
or so.
The St. Paul was held in quarantine over
night, but will be released to-day and will
dock at Fremont street. As soon as the
Government releases her she will be fitted
out for the Caj>e Nome trade.
During the past week there has been
quite an influx of transports. Nine of
them have reached port from Manila and
five of them have been turned back to
their owners. These latter are the British
Fteamers Ben Mohr, Manauense and Pa
than and the American steamers Indiana
and St. Paul. The four others, the
Meade Ohio, Sherman and Thomas, are
being made r^ady as quickly as possihie
to return to Manila. The Sherman will
to on the drydock to-morrow morning and
next Wednesday will sail for Seattle to
load. The Meade and Thomas will s>e
ready to sail next week, and the Con.i
maugh went out with a load of. horses yes-
The Manauense. over which there has
b«»en so much talk, has been chartered to
run between the Hawaiian Islands and
Ban Francisco. She will go to Nanaimo,
U. C, to coal and will then sail for Kahu
lui, returning with sugar. ¦. •_ ¦¦
The <'ity of Sydney sailed for Central
American ports 'yesterday, but the Kos
mos liner Volumnia could not get away
In order to give her a brush down the
coatt. There was so much freight offering
{or the opposition boat, that she could not
get away on schedule 'time and will sail
to-day.
The Fhip E. B. Sutton came over from
Oakland Creek yesterday to finish load
ing for Hawaii. Owing to a sandbar that
had formed ehe could not get near section
4 of the seawall and had to anchor in the
stream. She will be given another berth
to-d^v and will get away Monday for
Honolulu.
There is a well defined kick among ship
owners ever the United States Fteamer
Thetis being allowed to Ho in the fairway.
The vessel is anchored eff Meipgs wharf,
right in tha way of Incoming steam
school ere. but no protest was made until
a week ago,, when the men in charge of
lhe vest-el ceasM to show a. riding light at
night. When appealed to the watchman
Faid Uncle Sam had cut off the supply of
coal oil and that he and the rest of the
ere v had to go to bed in the dark. If the
vessel is not moved soon there will be an
«ccldrr.t one of these foggy mornings that
will make trouble among the shipping
community.
The Thetis lay for months at Mare Isl
and until a. vessel was required to carry
reindeer from the Siberian coast to
Alaska. After finishing this work the old
cloop-of-war came back to San Francisco
end was turned over to the revenue ma
rine to act as a receiving ehlp. When the
revenue authorities assumed command of
ihe Thetis they brought her over to
Mclpgs wharf and there anchored her.
Ever since she has beon a menace to nav
igation, and now more than ever since
I nclf Sam refuse? to supply oil with
which to keep the lamp burning.
The whaling bark Alaska will come out
nf retirement on March 1 and will then
lie got ready at; quickly as possible for a
voyaße to Cape Norn* and the frozen
north. Shp has Fplendid accommodations
for about 100 passengers, and after land-
Ing these she will po on a cruise after
whales. Captain Oogan expects to leave
here early in April, and as he is an old
end experienced whaler he expects to land
his pa.«s/»nge.rs and supplies at Nome at
leapt a fortnight ahead of the first Rteam
rr. and be away on a whaling cruise be
fore anything else is In sight- After com
ing out of the creek the Alaska will go
on the drvdock and be thoroughly over
hauled, after which she will be fitted out
tor the voyage to the gold fields.
The steamers Cleveland and Charles
Nelson have been put on the run to^the
Hawaiian ¦ Islands. The "Cleveland is to
cajT-r sjusezurers and maXl to Kahului and
Hilo and the Nelson passengers, maJl and
freight to Makawell.
Commander Drake, ordnance officer of
the Mare Island Navy Yard, inspected the
naval reserve steamer Marlon yesterday
In company with Captain N. T. James,
lie will report to the Secretary of the
Navy the repairs necessary" on the train-
Ing ship.
Will Probably Recover.
H. A. Carter, pipefitter, who was stabbed
by George Lucy, ex-pugilist, in a vacant
lot at Seventh and Harrison streets on
Wednesday night during a fight, was
much improved at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday, and no serious results are an
ticipated. Lucy appeared in Judge Mo
gan's court on a charge of assault to
murder and the case was continued. D«
tective Reynolds was detailed on the case
yesterday, but Carter would not admit to
him that Lucy had stabbed him. He said
the fight was about a woman. Lucy ac
cused him of saying something about the
woman and he called him a liar.
EXPECTS A BIG
ATTENDANCE OF
EPISCOPALIANS
Bishop Moreland Is
Here Again.
Right Rev. W. H. Moreland, Bishop of
the Protestant Episcopal diocese of Sac
ramento, has returned to his home after
three months spent in the Eastern and
Southern States. He was accompanied
on the trip by his wife and two children.
They left In the early part of November
and went direct to Nassau, N. H., and
from there to various other States, Bishop
Moteland filling pulpits In nearly every
city on the route.
: Starting from Boston Bishop Moreland
visited Hartford, Conn., New York, Phil
adelphia, Flushing, L. 1., and Brooklyn.
In his -addresses he took every advantage
that offered to draw attention to the Pa
cific Coast and' to the many attractions
of this State. Bishop Moreland did a
great deal of missionary work In .the in
terest of the general convention of the
Protestant Episcopal church that is to be
held in San Francisco in 1901.
','1 am happy to be able to report that
there is likely to.be a very big attend
ance of delegates at the convention,"
he said yesterday. "This convention will
bo a very representative gathering, as it
will. include merchants, lawyers, bankers
and all classes of laymen as well as
clergymen from all parts of the country.
Everywhere I went 1 found great interest
manifested in tho general convention,
more particularly because it is to be held
on the Pacific Coast. In New York I met
J. Pierpont Morgan, who was chairman
of the convention that selected this city
as the place of holding the big gathering,
and he assured me that he would use alll
his Influence to secure a low railroad fare
that would induce many to visit this
coast. In all the dioceses through which
1 passed I met the bishops and clergy and
impressed upon them as much as 1 could
the great opportunity they will miss if
they do not come to the coast in Octo
ber, 1901. The encouragement that I re
ceived justifies me in saying that there
will be a splendid attendance at the con
vention. "
Two months of Bishop Moreland's time
was spent in traveling and doing mis
sionary work in the interests of the con
vention, after which he went to his old
home at Charleston, S. C, and spent a
month with his parents, who still reside
l h fx c - 3? 6 Poached there several times
before his return to take up his work in
the diocese of Sacramento.
Bishop Moreland and family will reside
»i n Fran c'sco till October, when they
will remove to Sacramento to reside per
manently.
MILLIONAIRE'S
LAST WILL IS
CONTESTED
Want Friedman's Es
tate Divided.
Judge Troutt did not admit the will of
the late Julius Friedman .to probate yes
terday and the document must bear the
brunt of a contest before its legality can
be definitely determined.
When the petition to admit the will to
probate was called by Judge Troutt yes
terday Attorney Joseph Rothschild asked
that the proceedings be postponed for a
few days until I. Friedman of Portland,
Ore., a cousin of the deceased, arrived, as
that gentleman wished to be heard be
fore the will was admitted to probate.
Attorney Riordan, who represents the ex
ecutors of the instrument, and Wallace
¦Wise, who guarded the Interests of the
Jewish Old People's Home', argued against
a continuance, but a hitch in the proceed
ings resulted in an adjournment until
Monday. Mr. Rothschild then formally
filed a contest of decedent's will on behalf
of himself and other cousins, who reside
in Oregon. In the contest it is alleged
that the document is not entirely in de
cedent's handwriting, that the testator
was of unsound mind when he .executed
the instrument and that undue influence
was exercised over the . deceased by va
rious of the •devisees.
Decedent's estate is valued at $700,000
and an exciting contest is anticipated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9/ 1900.
**s&6&*^^&SyA r?cle ' ! y tot GcaorrhuA,
pleet. 3perxaatorrWr
/j«7ijiti)Jii»i.V»hiw, unnatural li*>
ISfiM Qa^na^-l B ctuwxe-i, cr any inflamma.
El* 3 do* to Krfatan. lion, }trrl:atlon or nicer**
eonttjion. tloa of mucous mem-
KSVHEEYMSCHnncnCo. bra n«a. Non-aatrtagcas.
Vgg&ciNainuTi.o.ESan ss * ld by 1> «*«3ri»t*.
COLORED HERCULES WILL
BOX CLEVER JACK O'BRIEN
fHE OLD THETIS— A MfcNACE TO NAVIGATION.
H " The wheel world knows that
*| Cleveland Bicycle? are the best" :
1900 MODEL
CLEVELANDS
1 HIGHEST GRADE.
I $40 and $50
I LEAVITT & BILL,
y 309 LA R KIM ST.
n 2O San Pablo Aye.. Oakland.
ti Open Evenings.
H Old Wheels Taken In Exchange.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS. •
NO OTHER DOCTORS \
Will Make Such an Offer, |
DR. MEYERS & CO. "8 patients may *
deposit the price, of a care In any San j«
Francisco bank. tS b« paid only after they g*
are well, or pay In monthly tnstallinenta. Zj
No Incurable Cases Taken at An/ Price. I]
Bey Core tie FolowJag Ailments:
Private Diseases Blood Poison i
Nervous Debility Bladder Diseases £
Hydrocele, Spine Diseases. ?"
Varicocele Hrart Diseases '
Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood |
Boms Cares — Free Book. I
Thousands of men are cured at bonra
every year. Write for free private book,
advice, question I'st. etc. •-
DR. MEYERS & CO., I
731 MARKET 37*., S. V. if
Hcura. 8 to i dally, 7 to S •r*aSsgi, t N
to 11 Sundays. Elevatcr errtraace. j|
visit DR, JORDAN'S cheat $
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Cy^ Tho Larrmt Anatomical Museum lo the \
igjr, Woxd. *rj(.ipw-, or any contracted A
SgSfl dtsene povitiveljcarwiny th- oldmt T
BsS S3 l Specialise co the Cout E*t 36 year*. 9
i^Szi CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
Inlwß Coiwtiltarton fr«? md itrictly prwite \
a J&XX n ' * :ment personally or by letter A m
fl HT >1 J ***»»•• Cyr* to ««nr case undertaken. if
Bif \\JS, Write far Book. PHILOSOPHY »f A
¦(j ll '• HAhmmge, mailed vitas, (at
n ¦£' valuable book (or mraj \
nil JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. B. P. ¥
DB.PIERCES:^
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS;
lA/. T. HESS.
HOTAEY PD3LIO AND ATTJBNSYt.AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claua SpreclteU Bldz
Telepbooe Brown 831.
Residence. Ul California at., below Powell.
Fan Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS THE
trreat Mexican remedy; RtTe» health and
¦trength to teinal crgana. Depot. K3 Market.
4" I have an array of evidence so convincii
dice. You have experimental proof in a tr:
office. You can lest my Belt when charge
you have strong testimony from those whorr
indorsements will be given you. Call and H
see my method and avail yourself of the
present offer. I will take your old Belt
in half payment for mine.
QDP(^IA I My new book, finely
r^ L - v - il/AL — illustrated, will be
interesting and valuable to you and to
any man. It is sent free; write for it.
or. m. a. Mclaughlin, 'sssssr
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. Office Hours— 9 to <5; Sunday. lo to 1.
ig that it dispels doubt and preju-
ial of medical electricity at my
d with the galvanic current, and
i I have already cured and whose
Belgian Hare Show.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 8.-The Belgian Hare
Club of this city has decided to hold a
hare and pet stock show, beginning on
Saturday, the 17th inst. It has been de
termined to give $1200 in special prizes be
sides a $300 ciip donated by the club. Some
of the prizes will be given for hares of
this county only, but the rest of the State
will be entitled to enter the competition
for the rest. H. P. Woodward is the
president of the local club and W. H.
Gray the secretary.
Quarreled Over a Woman.
Special E>ißi>atch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ,. Feb. B.— Thomas Wat
son was taken from Watsonville this
morning and lodged in jail to be held
waiting a preliminary examination on a
charge of assault with intent to commit
murder. He fired three shots at one Gar
cia. The trouble was over a woman.
Garcia some time ago stabbed Watson,
but was discharged, as it was proved to
have been done in self-defense.
Mail Carrier Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALINAS, Feb. B.— The report comes
from Priest Valley, in the southern part
of Monterey County, that J. Kent, while
carrying the United States mail from
Wortham to Priest Valley, was thrown
over a high embankment and seriously
Injured. The road In that section is es
pecially dangerous and many accidents
occur. The extent or cause of Kent's in*
juries are not yet known.
WOMEN SUFFRAGISTS
MEET IN CONVENTION
Thirty-Second Annual Gathering of
the Organization Is Held in
Washington, D. C. .- ,',;¦;¦•".
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— Th6 thirty
second annual convention of the Woman's
Suffrage Association met here to-day. The
following committee on finance was an
nounced: ;• Mrs.* Harriet Taylor of Ohio,
Miss Mary. G.; Hay. of California, Mrs.
Lucy Hobart Dayof Maine, Mrs. Romans
of lowa, Miss Kate Gordon of Louisiana,
Mrs .Ella Harrison of Missouri, Miss Root
of Ohio, Dr. Mary D. Hussey of New Jer
sey and Mrs. Emma Maddock-Funk of
Marylcnd. , - ¦'¦¦±
Mrs. Harriet Taylor of Ohio was named
as chairman, of -the committee on creden
tials but the other, members were not an
nounced. The presentation of fraternal
delegates followed. T
Mrs. William Scott of New York, presi
dent of the Untversal Peace Association;
Dr Agnes B. Kemp of the Peace Society
of Philadelphia, and Mrß. Elizabeth- B.
Passamore of Baltimore made short" ad
dresses. : Vice President at ' Large ¦ Rev.'
Anna Shaw spoke of the international
council of, women, and reports were read
from committees on "Federal Suffrage,"
'.'Presidential Suffrage" and "Industrial
Problems Affecting Women and Chil
dren." •. " MMHB4fcUBHi
Miss Susan B. Anthony made a humor
ous report upon the quinquennial of the
International Council of » Women. Ad
dresses were also made by i State Presi
dents Mrs. Mary W. Swift of California
CONQUERS RHEUMATISM and BACKACHE!
I have a remedy which entirely knocks cut that lowering and persistent
pain. It forces the kidneys to filter the poisons from the system and drives
.away lumbago and other pains from every part of the body. That remedy is my >^~~-^»^
NOVEL ADDRESS
MADE TO A JURY
Prosecutor Speaks for
the Defendant.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Feb. B.— John C. Roy. a
cigarmaker, accused of violating the liquor
ordinance, was acquitted yesterday. City
Attorney 'Wright, who occupies the posi
tion also of attorney for the Los Angeles
Brewing Company, made the following
novel plea, being at the time Prosecuting
Attorney:
"Gentlemen of the jury: If I were to in
vite any one of you to my house to dinner
to-day you would probably find wine on
the table, for I keep it in the house. This
man has been giving It to his friends. :is
I should to you. I think it the duty of the
City Attorney to present the points of a
case and the evidence with a view of
proving the guilt of the prisoner, but I do
not believe It hla duty to make any apeciul
effort to convict, an Innocent, man. \ou
have heard all the evidence In this case,
which tends to show that Mr. Roy wat. In
the habit of treating his friends."
¦ The address of the prosecution did not
last more than a minute. At its close
Judge J. N. Phillips of Los Angeles, rep
resenting the defense, arose and thanked
Attorney Wright for his words to the
jury and said that it would be unneces
sary' for him to make any remarks, as the
jury woud surely now return a verdict in
favor of the defendant, which they did
after a short deliberation.
Two cases of Illegal liquor selling came
before the Recorder. S. Grant Stannarri.
clerk for J. W. Wood, was fined and paid
$100 The case of Asbury G. Smith vas
postponed until to-morrow. Dr. 3n;ltn
has retained Attorney Metcalfe and will
make a fight. There is some feeling
against him, as it Is alleged that he has
been posing as a reformer among the
druggists, whose alleged practices he is
said to have decried.
separate report, saying he cannot suppoat
the bill "because it does not follow the
rulfe of uniformity prescribed by the con
stitution—a rule which, in my opinion,
governs Congress In legislation for the.
Territories of the United States."
McCall is unsparing In his denuncia
tion of the policy to which the bill will
commit the Government.
CROOKS IN JAIL AT SACRAMENTO
SUSPECTED OF OAKLAND MURDERS
11^ R. M. Gordon, alias Harry Frier; Charles Avery,
alias Henry Spellman, and Alfred B. Newman, ar
rested at Sacramento early in the week shortly after
they had committed a robbery, the police of that and
this city are not only firm in the belief that they have
men guilty of many hold-ups In this city, but are like
wise of the opinion that they are the men that killed
Saloonkeeper Thomas and shot Robert Vincent, a butcher,
in Oakland. Working on that theory, the police of this
and the city across the bay are looking up the records of
the men.
It has been found here that Avery and Newman
stopped for a long time at the New Adelaide House, 614
Howard street. They had been patrons of the house for
about seven months, but were never steady lodgers. The
place is a 10-cent lodging house and the clerk well remem
bered the two men. He cays that Newman's chum is not
Avery, but J. J. Becker.
"I never knew what their business was," said the
clerk, "but they would tell me that they could easily make
from thirty to forty dollars every week they were away
on little trips to the country, and that it was better than
working. After being away for a few days they would
return and would have plenty of money. They would stay
long enough to blow it all In and then would tell me that
they were going away again to the country
"A few days ago they told me that they were going to
Sacramento and they had just about time to get there.
"I am sure that the man who calls himself Avery is
the man I know as Becker."
The more recent crimes of which the men under arrest
are suspected are the shooting of John Thomas, a saloon
man at Pacific and Campbell . streets, Oakland, on the
night of November 12, and the shooting of Robert Vin
cent, a butcher, on December 9 of last year.
At the period these murders were committed Oakland
was the scene of many desperate robberies and shooting
affairs. '¦
Thomas was In his saloon about midnight when two
men entered, ordered him to throw up his hands and, be
cause he did not do so quickly, one .of the robbers shot
him through the brain. He died three days later. s
Robert Vincent, a butcher, was carrying the receipts
of his Saturday's trade from his shop to his home, when
he was commanded to halt by two men. As soon as he
st?»r»ed to run he was shot and seriously wounded. Dur
ing :he same months some other bold robberies of sa
locr.s took pla».-e at midnight in Oakland and the police
could find no clews, stating that they believed the jobs
were being done by crooks who crossed over from San
Francisco. For a time there was a reign of terror along
the water front district, where all the crimes were com
mitted.
About the same time an attempt was made to blow up
the safe of the Oakland and Alameda Railroad Com
pany, but the workers were so clumsy that although they
exploded much dynamite and raised an alarm, they did
not succeed In opening the safe. After the Standard Oil
Works job. about the end of December, there was a sud
den end to robbery and murder in Oakland, and since
then that city has been free from big crimes.
JORDAN'S WORDS
STIR SPEECH IN
UN EX-CONVICT
Peter Boyle Delivers
a Message.
IT IS FROM MEN IN PRISON
ATTDEETfCE AT THE ACADEMY
OF SCIENCES STIRRED.
?
President David Starr Jordan's lecture
on "The Rise of the Common Man." de
livered last night in Academy of Sciences
Hall, resulted in a discussion of the pres
ent policy of the Government and criti
cisms thereon that at times brought the
audience to its feet in thunderous ap
plause. One small statement of the
learned president of Stanforfl formed the
basis for the argument of two succeeding
Fpcakers, who enlivened the lecture in a
manner all the more interesting because
unexpected.
The lecture of President Jordan was de
voted to a demonstration that the com
mon man has been moving to a condition
of equality before the law, which the
ppeaker regarded as the ideal of democ
racy. It was In reality an advocacy of
the present system of American govern
ment, in which the enemies of advance
ment along economic lines were designat
ed ac the aristocracy, militarism, slavery
and imperialism. War and conquest the
lecturer regarded as the greatest of evils.
Hardly had Professor Jordan taken his
peat and the applause subsided when a
man arose and requested permission to
sneak. He was recognized by Chairman
Thomas Beresford and. advancing to the
rostrum, spoke In a manner so convincing
that a pin could have been heard to drop.
"Friends," he said, "my name Is Peter
Boyle. I am an ex-convict and I make
the confession in public because I have
just come here from Folsom to deliver to
you a message from the men confined
there because they so requested me with
tears In thelr.eyes. Professor Jordan has
told you how to improve society and yet
has left out a most important subject,
the subject of penology.
"You send men to the State prisons and
then forget them, but I want to tell you
that they are treated worse than at simi
lar Institution? in Siberia. I saw a China
man shot down in cold blood because he
went to the water's edge to get a bucket
ful of water, and yet he had never been
told not to do it and had done it a hun
dred times before. The same man that
shot this Chinaman shot a crazy man to
death in ISSS because to tried to walk
away from the prison in broad daylight,
right under the puns. I was put in a
dunseon so often that the aggregate made
more than two years. I once tried to see
Warden Aull. and for even asking this
right, was put on bread and water for
peven days. They watched me and caught
me keeping notes of what I saw and burn
ed th« notes before I left. These men are
absolute monarehs and if I did not think
no country can become free from crimi
nals when men are treated like this, noth
ing could induce me to get up here and
publicly announce what I am. The state
of things at Folsom is something awful
and the proper authorities ought to pay
more attention to criminology and penol
ogy."
Th<« sensation of th«* evening was a
speech of S. Seller, a local music dealer,
against expansion and the "legalized
murder" necessary to such a policy, in
which he u«ed Boyle as an Illustration of
a part of his argument.
"Our system is wrong in many re-
Fr»ects." he declared in impassioned tones.
"I do not think that crime and a general
tendency to vlciousness and pauperism are
elxn-ays inherited. If the last speaker was
the child of bad parents— which I know
nothing about — and had been taken av.«iy
from them and reared by proper people
in a crood environment, it Is highly prob
able that he might never have been In a
prison.
"I believe that this gray-headed man
whom Jesus at least would have associat
ed with and tried to reform. If reared un
der proper conditions, would have been
better than all the pious frauds from
Joshua down. He would not have gone
forth to murder the Filipinos because a
few men wanted to make campaign ma
terial for use In running for office again.
"Many is the American mother who is
proud to-day that her son is fighting for
h1« flag under the Philippine skies. What
will she say when she finds out that she
has been duped? What will she say when
Fhe discovers that the boy who returns
to her with hands stained with human
blood— with the blood of his fellow man
or, worse Ktlll, who returns to her cold
and ptark en a bier. Instead of 'fighting
for the flag' has been murdering others
or has been murdered himself simply for
the srlory of another man?
"We prate of Justice and fair play, but
we haven't Been fit to accord it to these
poor Filipinos by any means. We talk
*»f sending to them the gospel and shoot-
SHOT DOWN BY
HIS GRANDSON
B. F. Royca K.lled at His
Home.
BULLET MEANT FOR ANOTHER
>
MURDERER THEN FIRED THE
HOUSE AND DEPARTED.
•
Sheriff and Posse in Pursuit of Young
Boyce and Threats of Lynch
ing Are Freely Made.
?
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Feb. 9.— 8. F.
Royce, a well-known farmer, was shot
and killed this evening at his home twelve
miles from this city by his grandson.
Frank Royce. Frank Royce left this city
this afternoon in an intoxicated condi
tion. When he reached Dixie he became
involved in a fight with Rufus Woods,
biting his nose nearly off. Royce proceed
ed to the house of his grandfather, with
whom he has been living, about two miles
from Dixie. Woods followed in pursuit
of Royce and the two men repeated their
struggles in the presence of the elder
Royce.
Frank Royce drew a rifle and shot at
Woods, but missed and the bullet killed
his grandfather. Young Royce then fired
several more shots at Woods, but with
out effect. After he saw what he had
done he set fire to the house, which
burned to the ground, and his grand
father's body was cremated. During the
trouble Mrs. B. F. Royce fled to the barn.
Frank Royce shot four times at F. M.
Skinner, who was at work a short dls^
tanc u./ rom the scene . but Skinner was
"°' hit. Royce then proceeded down the
road with his Winchester In hand, and
coming to the farm of Ben Pitcher fired
Uiree shots through the house and then
Young Royce recently returned from
California and had been farming his
£»H nn h ff H the Hfm Pla ,? c - U Ia sald tha * they
had had a difficulty over several matters
He is about 30 years old and has a wife
and several children.'
B. F. Royce was a wealthy pioneer of
the county. He came into some promi
nence by being buncoed out of $5000 last
sp/'ng by "Crooked Mouth" Green. The
bnerirr and posse are in pursuit of Royce
The entire community is aroused and
threats of lynching are freely made.
Late at night a rumor was afloat to the
effect that Royce, after setting fire to the
house and firing several shots, threw him
self Into the flames and was cremated
with his grandfather. The ruins will be
searched in the morning by the Coroner
ing it into them with Gatllng guns. We
want them to drink of the milk of human
kindness and then chase them around the
swamps with swords in order to make
them drink. Yes. we are proud of our
selves, but we neea a bitter lesson 'lest
we forget, lest we forget.' Let us not talk
of democracy until we rise above the
level of the barbarian."
Seller was applauded to the word by an
audience that filled the aisles and outer
corridors, showing that his audience was
heartily in sympathy with his sentiments.
At times the greatest excitement pre
vailed, many rising to their feet and
cheering.
Cameron King, a Stanford sophomore,
and Miss L. Knacke spoke briefly, and
Dr. Jordan answered some of the argu
ments made, after which the discussion
ceased.
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks and trav-
eling: sets. Immense assortment at San-
born & Vails. . •
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
This is a new method of curative electricity. It is a switch-off from the
old drug cure. The value and success of this treatment are shown by the
people who besiege the offices to get it. I ha\ eso improved my Battery Belt
that it is the most skillfully made and easy to use of all belts. The disks are
cushion-covered and do not blister the skin like the bare metals in other
belts. The cures lam making by this new method of applying Electricity
are ten-fold those of the past. Take a
FREE TRIAL TREATMENT.
DEMISE OF A VERY
PROMINENT JOURNALIST
Passing Away of Beriah Brown, an
Intimate of Horace Greeley, and
Founder of Papers Here.
ANACONDA, Mont.. Feb. B.— Beriah
Brown, probably the oldest newspaper
man in the Middle West, died here at
10:30 o'clock to-night at the advanced age
of 84 years. Death was due to old age,
superinduced by an attack of la grippe.
Mr. Brown was born in New York State
In 1814. He was an intimate friend of
Horace Greeley and the two were room
mates and fellow workmen •¦ for a long
time. He was a prominent figure in the
constitutional conventions of Michigan
and Wisconsin, lending his aid In estab
lishing the first State government in
each of these States. For half a century
he has been engaged in newspaper work
on the Pacific Coast.
He was the founder of the Democratic
Press of San Francisco, which afterward
became the Examiner. - At the time of
President Lincoln's assassination he was
the object of a mob bent on, lynching him
because of his condonence of that crime
Afterward he went to Mexico, where he
was a foremost figure in th"c organization
of the colonization scheme, the district to
be settled by people of the Confederate
States. This plan wan nullified by the
death of Maximilian. He afterward en
gaged in newspaper work on the Pacific
Coast again. He started the first daily
newspaper In the State of Wa*hinyton
the Puget Sound Dispatch, at Seattle, and
conducted the Democratic Herald at Port
land.
He was Mayor of Seattle in 1879 and
1880, - when ' his health became Impaired
and he was compelled to retire from ac
tive life.
He leaves four sons, one of whom is a
city official of Seattle, another news edi
tor of the Post-Intelligencer at Seattle a
third city editor of the Spokesman-
Review at Spokane, and the fourth city
editor of the Anaconda Standard.
His remains will be shipped to Seattle
for burial.
CHOKES HIS COLLEAGUE.
Members of Denver's Board of Alder
men Cause a Fracas.
DENVER. Feb. S.— At a meeting of the
Board of Aldermen to-night to consider a
bill for a franchise for the Denver, Boul
der & Northern Railway. Alderman Curri
gan. who favored the bill, choked Alder
man Golder, president of the board, and
pistols are said . to have been drawn.
Trouble was temporarily averted by inter
ference of other members. No action was
taken on the franchise.
AWAIT SENATE'S ACTION.
Fate of New Reciprocity Treaties
Hinge on That of the French.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— Before pro
ceeding further with the construction of
the new reciprocity treaties the State De
partment will await the action of the
Senate upon the pending French treaty.
Should this fail all efforts to effect the
reciprocity scheme as contained In the
Dingley act will be abandoned. It is
probable, too, that even in the event of
the continuance of the negotiations a new
plenipotentiary must be found on the part
of our Government to carry forward the,
heavy work which has fallen to the share
of Mr. Kasson.
LUMBER MARKET
IN THE ORIENT
Captain Cates Says Op
portunities Are Good.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. B.— Captain
Cates of this city has Just received a let
ter from James Robertson of San Fran
cisco and Puget Sound, proprietor of the
Robertson Raft Company. Robertson
went out to China two months ago to in
vestigate conditions of the lumber trade.
He writes that he Is well satisfied that a
lot of American lumber can be shipped to
both China and Japan. A large amount
of public work Is to be done in Japan dur
ing the present and next year, and rail
way construction in China will make a
profitable market there. He states prac
tically, that he Intends early In the spring,
as soon as he returns, to send a large
timber raft In tow of a tug or steamer
from Puget Sound or British Columbia to
Japan. The raft will be of between fif
teen and twenty million feet.
Mr. Robertson may make arrangements
specially for the erection of a mill near
Yokohama before he returns. Captain
Catos built the first raft on Robertson's
patent years ago in Nova Scotia before
the company operated on the Pacific
Coast at all. and both he and Robertson
say that the raft plan is Just as feasible
for going across the Pacific all the way as
from Puget Sound to San Francisco, a
voyage that has several times been suc
cessfully accomplished.
The voyage from the straits of Juan de
Fuca to Yokohama would probably take
nearly a month, but it would contain
nearly twenty shiploads and could under
fairly fortunate circumstances be han
dled for a fraction of the cost of sending
separate shiploads.
PORTO RICAN
BILL FAVORED
New Tariff Measure to
Be Reported.
WASHINGTON. Feb. B.— The House was
in session an hour and a half to-day and
only minor business was transacted. The
Ways and Means Committee measure es
tablishing tariff rates on goods from
Porto Rico into the United States and
vice versa was reported, and Chairman
Payne gave notice that the bill would be
called up next Thursday. The debate
upon it will run for a week. .
The Republicans of the committee, ex
cept McCall of Massachusetts, agreed to
report in support of the bill, devoting a
considerable portion of their arguments to
sustaining the contention that the clause
of the constitution, declaring that "all
duties, imposts and excises shall be uni
form throughout the United States." la
not applicable to our new possessions,
which, they say. are not United States
territory within the meaning of that dec
laration. The Democrats, together with
Newlands of Nevada, took the contrary
view. McCall, dissenting Republican,
practically holds with them. He made a
and Amy K. Caldwell of Colorado. They
reported that the question of woman suf
frage in their States was progressing sat
isfactorily.
DR. J. ELLIS RODLEY
CONVICTED OF PERJURY
Physician Swore That He Signed the
Fuller Will Which Was Proven
to Have Been Forged.
OROVILLE. Feb. 8.-Dr. J. Ellis Rod
ley was to-day convicted of perjury on
the first ballot. The jury was out but ten
minutes. He will be sentenced to-morrow
morning: at 10 o'clock.
Dr. Rodley is a prominent physician of
Chico, the largest town in Butte County.
He swore that he signed the last will and
testament of the late Alfred Fuller, which
pave $30,000 to Mrs. S. M. Houseworth.
The validity of the will was tested and it
was proved to be a forpery. The trial was
replete with sensational incidents- and
much contradictory testimony was given
In all probability Dr. Rodley will now be
placed on trial for forgery, as the prose
cuting attorney announces that he would
press the case on both counts.
Opposed to Slot Machines.
VISALIA. Feb. B.— The Grand Jury's re
port was submitted to-day. All public
business was found to be conducted in a
first-class manner. Nickel-ln-the-slot ma
chines were branded as a pernicious evil
and a license fee of $100 per quarter was
recommended to be imposed at the earli
est possible moment.
NEW CABINET OFFICER.
Substitutions in the Bill Making the
Authorization.
WASHINGTON. Feb. B.— Senator Nel-
Bon to-day was authorized to report his
substitute for the bill providing for a De
partment of Commerce with a Cabinet of
ficer. An amendment was made to take
the Patent Office from the Interior De
partment and Include it in the new de
partment. The other provisions or the
bill have been published.
THE EMPORIUM.-. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
Best Creamery Butter, regular size squares— special Friday and Saturday, 45c.
&£sL. jf~^ Si *Z^P '^^y^V d
9lllt£ and VlO3L'lld<34Ton.th'e. 7
f Greatest of Cloak and Suit Sales.
Fifth day of the safe of the bafance of Rossefi & Co.'s (the
New York manufacturing taiiors) stock of this season's gar- §M&
ments, inctuding many of the finest made, now setting 37c . %K^r
on the doifar or less. >H
Roßseff & Co.'b $10.00 to $20.00 Tailor Rosseff & Co.'s $8.50 to $25.00 Capos Rosseff & Co.'s $2 50 to $4.50 Fancy #>% Kto-f
Dresses $5 lO $5.0Q Underskirts........ $1.50 jp{l^
Ro ? seff& Co.'s $18.00 to $25.00 Ta'/Of Rosseff & Co.'s finest $1.50 Black Sa- Ro !^ ff J J^* 1 ' 25 *'»»»»'©«© W\ }£^i
Dresses $10.00 teen Waists 790 T. n W Z a fffrZ'%"&"£-"** 0 4 K?YI
Rcseff & Co/8 $25.00 to $35.00 Si k- Rosseff & Co.'s all-wool braided $2.50 to Rosseff & °°- 3 |IJ5 ° Wrappers l\ ]}
lined Dr sses ..$15.Q0 *3.0> Waists $1-39 Ro^eff'&'^s'jasb'lo'iaLSQ German /¦ A V U
Rosseff & Co.'s $5 to ?2=>.00 Jackets Rosseff & Co.'s $6.00 to $8.50 Silk Eiderdown and Flannelette V / * > SJ L il
SO g to $2. 50 Waists $3.95 Wrappers $1.48 V^C^ iv>
Rosseff & Co.'9 $10.03 to $25.00 Silk- Rosseff & Co.'s $7.50 to $12.50 Silk Rosseff & Co.'s Black Dr OSS S kirts ' lii/^^^rhw-
Lined Jacket* $4.95 Waists $4*95 .-• ..SI.OO 'll^^^4j: t
Rosseff & Co.'s «20.00 to $30.00 finest Rosseff & Co.'s 2 raffled colored near silk Rosseff & Co.'s $0.00 all-wool Plaid T^V^'^Nxn TV,
* ilk' Lined Jackets. sl2.oo $1.50 Underskirts 480 Skirts .$2.25 T N^^M^
Rosseff & Co.'s $3.50 to no.oo Oapns Rosseff & Co.'s $1.75 to $2.00 Under- Rosseff & Co.'s $6.00 and $8.50 Plaid J
sOc to $2.50 skirts 890 and Plain Skirts $2.95
Friday and Saturday. ' J y^^~y% Friday and Saturday.
Men's Overcoats /^ 9r • *^P •" "/ Carpet, Linoleum
One-Quarter Off. ( //J/2 A^^7^yv? s c^7AsL<£ZtfyfJ and Ru 9 Specfafs.
For twodavstheb g -Unotoum Remnant, - 1000
store offers the choice ySCS* // c ALL-D^f ff-^ yards, all qualities, plenty of patterns
of any $15 Overcoat J&ff // >DP£CJAL SaL£3 // to select f rom _sl.OO grade, 65c ;
In stock at one-qoar- I*/ {/ (/ Soc grade, i?sc; 75c grade, 40o;
£ c A'e h ; T r& <ML Friday and Saturday. SSMf,/ "• **»*"
:&J?L."*£! #S# *\ Handkerchief Sale §/WIW 6S *nS? p r f r <?*?"!:' ,'°r
Kerseys in Heavy/ fM>7 l\ Saturday, slight y damaged in process of manufac- /, / f> jf\ U On _. * -, / -
weights, Black Thib-fc/^ Q ture, a stitch dropped here and there, or a little im- ££< /, ?/f 'L^ o ?l'*',,? 1 '*',, f °T
ets, Mixed Cheviots/f Mr W perfection in the embroidery, perhaps, but for service '^£>v %/& ffl S«O for two days, has borders to
Serges and Clays, also \ % >fl £ re almost as good as perfect ones: they are hem- J&^-f^fi*? ?*^a°? 1 - and p" ian effects ' also
the Oxford Vicunas, !»£. J stitched and neatly embroidered on both cotton and /Tb£r&./fj{¥ ha!l and Stair P attern9 -
many of them silk «J fl/i pure ghe er linen-on sale for the two days only at A^. .^My^VJf 000 Tapestry Carpets for
lined throughout, oth- W // 10 4*% 1 -9 Bc%nwalz*w Dnit+ac «>^F B7\O for two day 3, best grade 10-
ers with silk facings, |c . '"* tO Im jf ™*J": a t f ™® S ' X&v;>jT ™" c «"T et « with or withont borders,
all of them with silk ii 1 oc Handkerchiefs. »O 20c & 2oc Handkerchiefs. 140 w:it*~ i/ o i., n # r»^«««# ;„ „„_„
Ileeve lininm made Wm\ W\ \ 18cHandkerchiefs./fc 35c & 50c Handkerchiefs.23o Wilton Velvet Carpet, mjvey
nyX best m'anufac. ff|ffi \ Bar g a,n Table-Center Aisle. SSiS? ? ' '"
iS^rfaS'ft^ar If I? 'I U FHt§a y Onl y* Body er«SSO/;;;''high"gradeof
SSA-MS^ f or these Bpl en- Clothes Basket Sale. . S&SSgMg^BS
did value $15 Overcoats will be.slt-25 .*—,-=*=— —J? .-^ IM Oa special sale thfe day only a lot of excellent Axminster Carpets, handsome
tQ§tt=^ r ~- ~'*S!S& Willow Clothes Baskets. They come in five different patterns, with borders to match, per
?.fyT 6izes » and lt will bs a lon R time tefore yoa can again yard for two day 3 91\O
Friday Only. \ \§s^^s~io^&gf&l duplicate these prices: Axmlnstcr Rugs, 27x60 inches.
*>CZcF'!rlg*»er§nvurnGi'7c ftSB»%-*JS§5®/ 23-inch Baskets 58c 27-inch Baskets 78c elepant patterns, two day* $2.50
£&*'K.lUerUOVWnSlf*' Iggv.*- "^2^gr§ 25-inch Baskets 68C 30-inch Baskets 98C Second noor-Rear.
The balance of our stock of fancy striped >§**«? '"^SJli} • 34-inch Ba3kets $108
Eiderdown Flannels, 26 inches wide, a Basket Department— Second Floor. Friday and Saturday.
nice assortment of woven colors, those Furniture StSGCistifS
that were 25c yard, on special sale to- Friday Only. Friday and Saturday- ' '" JT Z, ?» « ,
day only 17c c» -act - Folding Card Table, solid oak
Domestic Counters-Mam floor. Feather Stitch 30x30 inches, legs fold underneath, reg-
Children's Oresses Braids Half Price, j^r ****** «">.***•¦:••••s*-**
r^-\A > r 1 a BraEUS naif m%SUm folding Crib, with wire and top
Friday Only. igX. TesTes fa°ncv ma For two days we offer 600 dozen pieces of mattress size 30x60 inches, maple in
Special Sale of t£jB t^.^tl^^l ffS#£s£l£333B
HOUSe rUrniSntn£/Sm LlMfF\ years reg ula r 1 y &***¦ var >et7 °* patterns— at about Hat Racfr, solid golden oak. with seat
Wash Boilers, No. 9 Galvanized jiK L $1.45 -to day only . u^u p r i CGa Md m3 ' fitted French-plate mir-
Boilers ithe larg- •¦ J^fttMmK' 1 ..95c ¦ rriUßm ror> ha 3 bra 33 nm brella stand, rpgularlv
est Bize, pieced % /fill %7| \ Children's All-wool 3DO dozen pieces white Feather Stitched $9.50, special for two days $6.25
retinned covers, /L^-^g? \ l^^i fY'// J ** '-M Ca?hmere Dresses, Braid, assorted patterns; sale price.^O Parlor Cabinet, mahogany finish,
regularly $1.25, &jj£=~,t "^^^M °'.y/: t \ like picture, blue or 200 dozen pieces white and colored 28 inches wide, with two shaped French-
to-day 0n1y. 97c rsS^rr — ( 1 I ] green, fully lined. Feather Stitched Braids, assorted pat- plate mirrors, beveled edge, two large
Corn Post' ' """ -rl^ «>^_ "V< s ' zes * or t0 terns; sale price Sc and two small shelves for ornaments,
gterSf large/ /¦==£-. i|§=?/ ¦ v_ /-- * years of age. regu- 100 dcxan pieces of white Feather Stitched regularly $12, special for two days
size, holds two( larly $2— to-day only. $1.45 Braids, assorted patterns; sale price.Sc $8.25
quarts, regularly • _. MW ,—. wrr^nwn, rt m. iw B m m *#»« *hn Par 'or So fas, over stuffed or ma-
25c each, special to-day only 15c Cabinet WH|K r»iPf|B#llS^ rwUf hogany finished frames, with full clip-
Sauce Pan, best granite steel. s ' SIhSbL *-"»« Indian per edge, upholstered in silk tapestries
lonp-hnndled Cooking Pot, strong and tnn° HEr** zxrt*B Pttntinn and damask, regularly $13, sDeeia! for
handsome, regularly 50c, special to-day $SmOO Ooldcn Rule Bazaar. M *~*inung two days $12.50
only 336 Dozen. California's larqest-americas grandest store. View Second Floor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
Rheumatism and Stoaach Catarrh.
TOMALES, Marln Co.. Cal.. Feb T, 1900
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I
suffered so much from rheumatism, ecn-
stlpatlon and catarrh of the stomach that
I was In a broken down condition, and had
the symptoms of the worst, form of dys-
pepsia. As soon as I put on your Belt I
began to grain relief, and am now entirely
cured. I feel fifteen years younger oud
would not take JlOOO for the Belt If I ciuld
not replace It. Yours truly.
JOHN B. GUAT.
DESPERATE TRIO WHOSE RECORDS INTEREST THE POLICE.
5ADVERTISEMENTS.
often develop into weak,
delicate, backward children;
undersized, nervous, feeble,
idults. Lack of nourish-
ment is the cause.
is the remedy. A little of
it three or four times a day
will do wonders. The
pinched, sad faces become
round and rosy; the wasted
limbs plump and firm. If
your baby is not doing well,
try this great food-medicine.
VC *od Jr.oo, «:l drazzifUL
Rebekahs Will Dance.
Next Saturday nljfht California Rebekah
Lodge of the I. O. O. F. will hold a social
for Its members and friends In tho ban-
quet hall of the Odd Fellows' building,
and arrangements have been made for a
very pleasant evening.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantago
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel: longer stay, 13 CO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbulttd Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Rout*. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after tha welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul ev«ry Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. C 3 Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been us? 4 tor fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the sums, allays pain, cure* Wind Colle, r*ru-
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teetalag or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottla.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM WORK.
SHOULD the people of San Francisco need any
outside inducement to urge them forward in
the enterprise of establishing a Commercial
Museum they can find it in the reports which are sent
out from time to time by the Commercial Museum
in Philadelphia. No American institution of recent
years has been so successful as that, nor does any
perform a more important work for the country at
laree.
The proof of its usefulness is to be seen in the
rapidity of its growth and the wide extent of its ser
vice. It was started by a number of enterprising men
in Philadelphia immediately after the Columbian Ex
position in Chicago. It is. therefore but a few years
old, and yet it has already obtained a site including
fifty-six acres, has property in the way of real es
tate, buildings and exhibits valued at nearly $1,500,
000, has an appropriation from Philadelphia of $115,
000 annually, and other sources of income amounting
to about $60,000. To all that it is fairly certain of
adding a considerable aid from the National Govern
ment, as a bill is now before Congress appropriating
$200,000 for the purpose of increasing the exhibits of
commercial articles from all parts of the world.
As an evidence of the need for such an institution
a recent report directs attention to the fact that our
merchants and manufacturers are hardly aware of the
full extent of the foreign demand for American goods.
During the past year our exports of manufactured
goods exceeded $325,000,000 in value, and yet the
trade found the American producer but partially
supplied* with the information required to handle it
intelligently" and to the best advantage. It has been
the task of the. Commercial Museum to supply that
information, and during the past twelve months
some 19,000 reports were sent out to American manu
facturers regarding commercial conditions abroad,
and over 20,000 communications directing attention
to immediate opportunities for selling goods in their
specific lines of trade in different parts of the world.
From the accomplishment of so much in Phila
delphia the people of San Francisco can draw inspira
tion and encouragement in the prosecution of the
movement which has been undertaken here. It is not
to be expected that we shall build a museum so vast
as that in Philadelphia, for we have neither the pop
ulation, the wealth nor the commerce to sustain it,
but in proportion to our opportunities and our pros
pects we may reasonably expect success.
It is to be borne in mind that when once the Pa
cific Coast Commercial Museum has been established
we shall have support from the East, for the enter
prising men of that section are aware of the increas
ing importance of the trade of the ' Pacific; Ocean and
will cordially co-operate in a movement designed to
SELECTION OF BARD GIVES
UNIVERSAL SATISFACTION
Press of the State Speaks in Terms of Unqualified Praise
of California's New Senator.
SANTA ANA EVENING BLADE.
Thomas R. Bard is an honest and competent man. Hla election as United
States Senator would be something that no Californian need be ashamed of.
• -- . • ~- : -:. *
POMONA PROGRESS.
Mr. Bard is a man of good reputation and ability, who would represent
California In the United States Senate with honor to himself and the State.
• • •
RIVERSIDE PRESS.
Mr. Bard is a clean and popular man who represents no faction in the party,
and he will make a splendid Senator. He ought to be elected without any further
controversy.
• r '¦; •;.'*; •
ORANGE COUNTY HERALD.
The Herald's prophecy that Dan Burns could not be elected Senator was well
founded. California's junior Senator will be Thomas R. Bard of Ventura, a man
honored and respected by every one.
HUMBOLDT STANDARD.
The Legislature can make no mistake by electing such a man to the Senata.
He is a man of means, broad culture, rigid honesty and has the ability to repre
sent this State in the United States Senate with credit. There are few Republi
cans in the State who would find fault with his election.
• • •
SANTA ROSA REPUBLICAN,
The nomination of Mr. Bard is certainly a very happy solution of the Sena
torial difficulty. All his interests are in California. He is without entangling al
liances. Nobody will be in any aensa his master. He has already declared that it
•will be his purpose to treat all people and Interests fairly. This is what all should
desire. His election to the Senatorship appears like the coming of better political
days to our commonwealth.
• ¦'"•: ? ?
VALLEJO CHRONICLE.
The question of United States Senator has been happily settled by the election
of Hon. Thomas Bard of Ventura. He is a Republican against whom there is no
criticism and of whose choice the Republican party has reason to be proud. We
are also pleased that foremost among his supporters were Solano's representa
tives Senator J. J. Luchsinger and Assemblyman Anderson, the former being one
of the original twenty-eight to declare for him. Solano County, the Republican
party, the State and national administrations, as well as the honored .gentleman
who has been chosen to represent California, are to be congratulated on the splen
did results.
• -'¦*•.". •
FRESNO REPUBLICAN.
The universal satisfaction with which the choice of Thomas R. Bard for United
States Senator has been received Is nuthlng less than astounding. A careful exam.
Ination of the newspaper comments from every section of the State and represent
ing every shade of political opinion falls to disclose a single word of criticism or
even qualified praise, 6ave only the Examiner's unspeakable yawp. Even the Ex
aminer acknowledges that Mr. Bard is a man of the highest character and ability
without entanglements of any sort, whose election was accomplished without the
use of money or promises of patronage. So much the Examiner would not have
said in favor of any other candidate whose election could have been conceived.
• • ?
SAN DIEGO UNION.
Ip his recent message to the Legislature Governor Gage indicated tho sort ot
man the* executive desired should be elected to the Senate, describing him as
"some gentleman unquestionably worthy of the high honor, whose ability and
integrity cannot justly be assailed, who Is inspired by the splendid and progressive
views of the President," etc. The Governor will have his wish. Thomas R B"ard
possesses the exact qualifications which the executive so fluently enumerated and
many others. Whether he is the man whom Governor Gage had in mind when ha
penned his flowing sentence is quite another matter.
• • •
OAKLAND TRIBUNE
Thomas R. Bard of Hueneme, the Senator-elect, is fitted in every way to (in
the. high office that has fallen to his lot Hla record is clean and unassailable- he
Is a patriotic Republican, a good citizen, a brainy man of affairs and an honor
able, upright gentleman, who will do credit to the great State he is to represent
at the nation's capital. He was selected because of all the candidates- he was the
only one who had no enemies attempting to destroy his reputation or belittla hi*
honor, and he will take his seat in the upper branch of Congress with the raw
distinction of being absolutely the choice of all the varied elements of the Renuh
lican party In his Tiome State. He commences his labors under the most favor
able auspices possible, and the Tribune joins with the rest of the Republicans of
California in wishing him success and God-speed in his new career «"*••"» «*
• • •
SANTA BARBARA' PRESS,
The selection of Thomas R. Bard for Senator meets with marked approval.
There would be a. unity of wisdom Jn the election of Mr. Bard to the United
States. Senate. He Is capable, he Is honest, he Is a good Republican he hall* from
Southern California; these are the four principal elements In the case He should
be elected, as he undoubtedly will be. Personally we are more than pleased be
cause he Is our neighbor. He will reflect credit on the office and the deadlock
will be broken. We are glad also because^ Southern California Is entitled to It.
Be It remembered that there are competent men in the southern half of the Stnte
as well as in the northern. This is our political inning. All In all it Is a good and
wise selection from whatever point you view It. We sincerely hope to salute our
distinguished citizen as United States Senator from and after Tuesday next ¦
poor and being honest are incompatible. The Ex
aminer thinks that only the rich are honorable, and
that poor men must be ruled out of public life for
lack of honor! Being poor, the Examiner thinks, is
prima facie evidence that a man is dishonest, dishon
orable and unfit for a public trust! We deny all
this. We affirm that many a man is poor because he
is honorable, because he has refrained from dishonest
methods to get rich, and we affirm that many a man.
who began life poor has acquired wealth by the hon
orable practice of self-denial, thrift and temperance,
which were his guiding principles when he was poor.
"Honor and fame from no condition rise," but are
the elemental characteristics of poor and rich alike.
There is a feasible advocacy of the popular election
of Senators that is based in a prospective improve
ment in administration, and that will keep every
State's representation in the Senate complete, and
will rid the Senate of the constantly arising contests
for scats in such cases as have occupied it ever since
1793. This advocacy is not based on any slander of
the poor, nor in any assumed corruptibility of State
Legislatures. The addled Examiner does not stop
to think that if its indictment of the poor men who
are elected to the Legislature be true, to take from
them the election of United States Senators is to de
prive them of the least frequent and most rare oc
curring opportunity for corruption. Senators are
elected for six years. In some States Legislatures
meet every 3'ear, and in none is their meeting less
frequent than every two years. Judged by the Ex
aminer standard members have at every session the
opportunity to make hundreds or thousands of dol
lars by simply saying "Aye" instead of "No," or
"No" instead of "Aye," on the passage of bills.
Again, the people elect legislators, and if they
choose those who are as dishonorable as fhe Ex
aminer charges them to be, when they also elect
Senators what assurance is there that they will on
the same ballot elect dishonorable legislators and an
honorable Senator?
The Examiner's argument is that the people, hav
ing shown themselves unfit to be trusted to elect an
honest Legislature, have thereby proved themselves
fit to elect an honest Senator! Having been unfaith
ful over few things, the Examiner proposes to com
mit to them many and greater things!
All of this is based upon the Examiner's "ru
mors." Because it has started a rumor that Senator
Bard's seat was bought for $100,000, it insists upon
popular election of Senators. Applying its reason to
the people, according to the testimony of rumors
from its own political household, they should not be
allowed to vote at all. Colonel Bryan has often set
afloat the rumor that the whole people of the republic
were bribed in 1896 in the election of a President.
Therefore, according to the Examiner logic, all
elections should cease because of a rumor that the
electors are corruptible, and especially because that
paper thinks that poor men are unworthy of trust.
Lecture on Cuba's Capital.
"What I Saw In Cuba's Capital," with
stereoptlcon Illustrations by James W.
Erwln, president of the California Camera
Club, was the "Lick Lecture" given last
night at Pioneer Hall under the auspices
of the Society of California Pioneers. A
large crowd packed the hall and listened
most attentively to the lecture, which was
a very interesting one.
"Without Him "What's the Band." Frank Pohl,
drum major League of the Cross Cadets Band:
vocal solo. Will O. Judge. 'The Return of
Spring;" Cathedral choir; sopranos. Miss Julia
Cunningham and Miss Nellie Quatman: altos.
Miss Nellie Stevens and Miss Juliet Bertrand;
tenors, F.d J. Burns and William J. Rattlgan;
bassos. Benjamin 1.. McKinley and I>an!el C.
Deasy.
POPULAR ELECTION OF SENATORS.
THE Examiner has discovered reasons for the
popular election of United States Senators
which are somewhat amusing, and at the same
time are a revelation of that degraded' sheet's" ideas of
public morality. Recurring to its own false and in
famous charges of corruption in the election of Sena
tor Bard, it says that its own rumors of such corrup
tion "may or may not be well founded. But that they
are in circulation at all is significant." ' Yes, it is sig
nificant of the absence of conscience and lack of
truthfulness, decency and honor of the Examiner, and
of nothing else.
That paper then continues that: "Most of the men
who go to Legislatures are politicians. Most of
them are poor * * * and find the salary paid
them by the State insufficient to meet their expenses.
And when the chance comes to make some hundreds
or thousands of dollars by merely saying 'Brown'
instead of 'Jones' when their names are called they
are often not able to resist the temptation. * * *
The remedy for this state of affairs is simple. It is
to transfer the election of Senators from the Legisla
tures to the people. Then the ordinary possibilities
of corruption will be shut off, for to purchase a ma
jority of the voters is an immensely more difficult
matter."
It is the Examiner's belief, then, that" poor men
have no honor. That they are dishonorable and dis
honest, take bribes and sell their votes because being
FRIDAY .......FEBRUARY 9, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propneior.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PIDLICATIOX OFFICE. .Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone .Mnin ISOS.
EDITORIAL R00M5....21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone .Main 1874.
Delivered by Cnrrler*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mncli- Copien. 5 Cent*.
Terra* by Mall, In<-I mil nir Poatasret
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday), one jear..sO.OO
DAILY CALL I liifltnl Ititr Snmlnyi. <{ month*.. 3.00
DAILY CALL <ln«-ln«llnir Snnday). 3 months. . l.fio
DAILY CALL— Uy Mntlf Month..... «(T>c
SI A DAY CALL One Year IX.O
Wi:i:iiLY CALL One Year 1.00
AH postmaster* are authorized to receive
ftnbncrlptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKLAND OFFICK HIS Broadviay
C. GBOHGB KROGXESS.
Hanieer Foreign Advertising:, Marqnette Build
ing:, Chlcagro.
SEW YORK COKUESPOSDEVTi
C. C. CAHLTOX Herald Saonre
\EW YORK HEPHESEVTATIVEi
PERRY LIKE.VS JR 2» Tribune Hull. line
WASHIXGTOX fD. C.) OFFICK. . Wellington Hotel
J. F. CXGLISH, Correspondent.
BRAXCII OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until i»:3O o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open until O:3O o'clock. U39 McAllister, open
until 0:30 o'clock. (115 Lnrkin, open until
O:3O o'clock. 1041 Minslon, open until IO
o'clock. 2201 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until O o'clock. lo'Mt Valencia, open nntil !»
o'clock. !<•«» Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
X"\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open nntll O o'clock.
THE BATTLE OF CANALS
1—;1 — ; ROM the earnestness with which the people of
I New York are discussing the advisability of
. largely improving the Erie canal, it is evident
they do not intend to let their trade pass away from
them to other American points, or down the Canadian
canals, without making a vigorous fight to retain it.
The contest will be something like a war of canals,
for each side is to do its best to construct the most
convenient waterway by which the immense traffic
between the interior of the United States and Europe
can be carried from one country to the other.
For some years past New York has been losing
the degree of its pre-eminence over the other ports of
the Union. The decrease is particularly notable in
grain exports. Philadelphia, Baltimore, Newport
News, New Orleans and Galveston each have a
larger percentage of gain than New York in the
grain trade since 1893, and in 1899 Baltimore shipped
absolutely more corn than New York, the ship
ments being 46,000,000 bushels for the one to 40,000,
000 for the other.
The shifting of- trade in these instances has been
due to the diminished cost of shipping grain by rail.
Grain shipments by the Erie canal are subject to
transfer charges at Buffalo and at New York City,
while those sent by rail pass directly from Chicago
or other grain markets of the interior without break
ing bulk to the wharves where they are to be loaded
upon the ocean ships. It is the Canadian compe
tition, however, that New York fears most, for the
improved canal system of that country threatens to
make an open way for grain to be shipped straight
down the St. Lawrence to Liverpool, without any
transfer at all.
For the purpose of meeting the coming competition
Governor Roosevelt has recommended such an en
largement of the Erie canal as will enable it to ac
commodate vessels of a cargo capacity of 1000 tons.
It is estimated the improvement will cost upward of
$60,000,000, but the magnitude of the expenditure
does not appear to affright the taxpayers, for the
recommendation is generally approved.
It is to be noted that the improvement of the Erie
canal to the extent projected will virtually put an end
to the much talked of scheme of constructing a na
tional deep waterway from the lakes through the St.
Lawrence and Lake Champlain to the Hudson River.
That scheme has been a favorite one of Chicago, but
New York does not approve it. The argument of
the objectors is that if the United States Government
construct a waterway by which ocean-going ships
can pass from Chicago down to a point on the St.
Lawrence from which a canal could be opened to
Lake Champlain, there would be no reason why the
ocean ship should not keep straight on down the St.
Lawrence and go to Liverpool without turning aside
for the sake of passing through New York.
The situation is one .that calls for vast enterprise,
and the enterprise will be forthcoming. Of course
Chicago will get the benefit either way. Canada and
New York are striving to provide a deep waterway
which will virtually make Chicago an ocean port, and
Chicago will not have to pay a cent for it. In the
meantime the railways, and the ports that have been
built up by railways, will have to meet the competi
tion as best they can..^ : "¦
Cisco Teachers* Club will be held Monday,
February 12. in the Mercantile Library
building. Dr. C. E. Moore of the depart
ment of philosophy. University of Califor
nia, will deliver an address, the subject
being "The Place of Education in Tic
form." A reception to the Board of Edu
cation will follow Dr. Moore's address.
The last of Professor Cubberly's course,
"Present Ideals and Tendencies." will be
delivered next Saturday.
President David Starr Jordan seems to be in a par
ticularly pathetic,' penitential mood. In a recent ad
dress on the horrors of war he dwelt feelingly upon
the fact, as he saw it, that all the scrubs are left home.
Tha Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa 7* Route.
Connecting trains leave at J p. in. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any llao to
the East. Ticket office. K9 Market street.
REPUBLICAN PRINCIPLES.
THE Republican League of Oregon has pub
lished the declaration that the sound money
question is a paramount political issue as long
as either of the great parties advocates the free coin
age of silver. It declares its adhesion and reaffirms
its loyalty to the gold standard, and its opposition to
the silver standard which would follow adoption of
the principles advocated by Colonel Bryan. The Ore
gon league also declares that the Republican party
was formed to fight the battles of free labor, to be
the champion of the people, and of the American la-
These declarations are all timely and will have their
effect upon the sound money sentiment of the coun
try, which will stand to its position until the em
pirical propositions which have threatened public
credit and private prosperity are abandoned and no
party stands for them. Since the issue of abolition of
slavery no public question has taken as deep hold
upon the American people as this. It will not be for
gotten nor its hold relaxed until the last danger of
reaction and its consequent ruin has disappeared.
Colonel Bryan may flatter himself that his attitude
will gain accessions this year from the allied forces of
sound money, but we invite him to undeceive himself.
He may fancy, too, that he can win by avoiding an
issue which he prominently incarnates. No matter in
•what disguise he presents himself, his personality sug
gests nothing but his onslaught upon sound money
and his grudge against all that has made for Ameri
can prosperity. American labor weighed him in the
balance and found him wanting in 1806, when taking
counsel of its condition of distress it was in a posi
tion to be tempted by promises. The full soul
loathes even the honeycomb, and full labor this year
will certainly not. crave the glucose substitute offered
by Colonel Bryan and his party.
The declaration in Oregon is a needed starter for
the campaign. That State was saved by an earnest
combination and alliance of its sound money men.
Their junction was timely, for the free silver taint
had thoroughly penetrated the Democracy and was
making its septic and deathly way into the Republi
can party. The voice of such a State on that subject
is heard to the far borders of the Union, where the
money issue will be paramount as long as sound
money is in danger.
Grand Army Cemetery Omcers.
The following named have been elected
officers of the Grand Army of the Repub-
lic Cemetery Association for the current
year: H. T. Hobbert, president (re-elect-
ed)- J. C. Innes, secretary (re-elected); C.
Mason Klnne. treasurer (re-elected): H.
T Hobbert of Lincoln Post, J. Karminsky
of Garfleld Post, "W. S. Small of General
Meade Post and S. M. Carr of Liberty
Post, trustees for three years.
Special Information eupplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦•, j
THE NEW CONSULAR BILL.
FOR many years past there has been an agita
tion in commercial- circles for reform and im
provement in our consular service. The agita
tion has increased with the increase of our export
trade, and, it is safe to say, will not cease until the
demands of the merchants and the needs of the
country have been satisfied by enactment of a law pro
viding for an American consular service equal, if not
superior, to that of any other nation.
A year ago the leading commercial bodies of the
country appealed to Congress to effect a reorganiza
tion of the service. The last Congress, however, was
too much occupied with war questions to take up the
subject, and accordingly the consular service bill pre
pared at that time was not acted upon. At this ses
sion the issue is brought forward in a bill which has
been introduced into the House by T. E. Burton of
Ohio, and on the same day into the Senate by Sena
tor Lodge of Massachusetts. The bill was drawn up
by representatives of large commercial organizations,
after consultation with officers of the State Depart
ment and others who have had experience in the con
sular service. It is, therefore, a well considered
measure and is probably preferable to any other bill
of the kind that has been submitted.
The bill provides for nine classes of Consuls. The
highest class are to receive a yearly salary of $5000
each, the lowest class are to receive $1500 each. All
fees, official or unofficial, for consular services'are to
be accounted for and turned into the treasury of the
United States. Within six months after the passage
of the act the President. is to classify the consulates in
accordance with the provisions of the law, and within
two years all present incumbents are to come home
and pass examinations as to their fitness for the
service. Each new Consul when appointed holds for
a year on probation, and during that time may be
removed at the will of the President.- If he prove
worthy and retain his office beyond a year, he cannot
then be .removed except for cause.
Two features of the bill are especially interesting.
One of these places the consular corps at the orders
of the President in the . same way as the army and
navy. Thus the Government, can at any time detail
a Consul to report for duty at any part of the world
where his services may be deemed most valuable.
The other permits the assignment, by the President's
order, of any Consul to special duty in the United
States for a period of not more than one year at a
time, and permits the nomination to consulates with
out examination of persons who have been in the
classified service of the State Department for at least
two years, thus creating an interconvertible service,
and making experience in the foreign service avail
able, for the home office, and experience in the home
office available for the foreign service.
If the bill become law the consular service will be
no longer a part of the spoils of politics. It will af
ford a permanent career for men who choose to enter
it. The young men who are to graduate from our
College of Commerce may rightly aspire to eminence
in it, and will not have to become a part of the push
and pull of politics to attain it. It is full time for the
reform to be achieved, and it is to be hoped Con
gress will find time to deal with the issue at this ses
sion.
March styles Standard Patterns. Do-
mestic office, 1021 Market street. •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per It) at Townsend's.*
Valentines, comic and sentimental;
great assortment. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Lecture Before Teachers' Club.
The monthly meeting of the San Fran-
ENTERTAINMENT AND
DANCE OF COMPANY A
Cathedral Branch of the League of
the Cross to Hold a Benefit
This Evening.
An entertainment and dance will be
given to-night by Company A, League of
the Cross Cadets, In Golden Gate Hall.
The affair is in aid of the armory and
uniform fund. The following programme
will be rendered:
Overture, Hynes' Orchestra: remarks. Rev.
Cornelius E. Kennedy; recitation. Quartermas
ter Sergeant James O'Brien: "Buck." dance,
Vincent Kennedy; "Raff Time" selection. Edw.
K. Moore; mandolin and guitar duet, "A Song
Without Words," the Misses Mabel and Nettle
Johnson; comic selections, James C. O'Donnell;
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
BY the election of a United States Senator, and
by the passage of every bill before it which can
be accounted of any importance to the State,
the Legislature has now achieved all that is re
quired of the extra session. It should therefore ad
journ on Saturday. That is what the people expect
and demand. Let the session be closed without de
lay.
There are many reasons why such a course should
be taken. In the first place, all has been done that
ought to be done. There remains nothing for the
consideration of the Legislature except a few patron
age bills in which the public has no interest. Every
day of the session entails a large expenditure of
money and an increase in the burdens of the tax
payers. Nothing can be accomplished in another
week or another month which will justify the expense
of a continuance of the session.
Up to this time the action of the majority of the
Legislature has been harmonious. The Senatorial
contest has been brought to a satisfactory and a
speedy conclusion, and the important measures for
whose consideration the session was called have been
promptly passed. If there be a continuance of the
session solely for the purpose of passing patronage
bills there are almost certain to result vexatious
wranglings which will prolong the session and dis
gust the people.
For the sake of the taxpayers and for the credit of
the Republican party the session should be brought
to a close. The people will hold the Republicans of
the Legislature responsible for the waste of money if
there be any, nor can it be doubted that to prolong
the session will be accounted a waste.
The issue is too plain to be avoided. The duty of
the Legislature is to be satisfied with what has been
well done; close up and quit; adjourn Saturday
night.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ANDREE— H. H., City. No direct In
formation has ever been received from
Andree.
THE STATE CAPITOL— A. R. 8.. Sac
ramento, CaL The cornerstone of the
State Capitol was laid in 1860 and the
building was completed in 1374. IU cost
was 12,500,000.
"WHO WROTE IT?— M., City. Thla cor
respondent wishes to know if any of the
readers of the department of Answers to
Correspondents can inform him who wrote
"We Will Never Mortgage the Farm."
DIFFERENCE IN TIME— M. L. P..
City. As you do not name any particular
part of Tennessee it is not possible
give the precise difference in time be
tween San Francisco and Tennessee! but
this department will inform you that
when it is noon in San Francisco It 13
2:20 p. m. In Nashville.. Term., which Is
located near the center of the State.
LETTER -WRITING— X. Y. Z.. City. If
a gentleman with whom a lady has had
but a short and limited acquaintance
should leave the city he should not be
asked by the lady to write to her unless
It is her desire to continue the acquain
tance. But it is a dangerous thing for a
young lady to open a correspondence with
a man who Is a comparative stranger
to her.
USING GIVEN NAMES— X. T. Z., City.
This correspondent asks: "Which 13
proper— a gentleman to ask a lady to call
him by his given name, or for the lady
to ask permission to do so?" That woukl
depend upon the degree of acquaintance.
If the gentleman thought a great deal ot
the lady he would be justified in asking
her to call him by his given name, and if
the lady thought so very much of the
gentleman that she felt It would be a re
lief to her feelings to call him by his
given name, it would not be improper for
her to ask his permission to do so. »
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
Interesting Features Discussed by a
Sub-Committee.
A sub-committee of the promotion com
mittee on the project of a Pacific Com
mercial Museum met yesterday in the
rooms of the San Francisco Board of
Trade. General N. P. Chipman occupied
thf chair and Professor C. C. Plehn of
ficiated as spcretary. Those present were:
W. R. Wheeler, Attorney Arthur Rodgers,
M. H. de Young, Llpmann Sachs, E. Scott.
A. A. Watklns, A. Sbarboro, Isaac Upham
and W. Symmes.
After considerable discussion on the
subject of a board of governors and a
finance committee. It was finally decided
that a finance committee should be com
posed of sixty prominent citizens, to which
the members of the promotion committee
should be added. As soon as the finance
committee has collected sufficient funds
the promotion commltte will select a
board of governors, turn over the funds
to that body and then go out of official
Mr, Wheeler's objection to a clause in
the plan of organization permitting cer
tain bodies to select a representative on
this board on the ground that It consti
tuted an Invidious distinction was second
ed by Mr. de Young, and the point finally
won, the clause being stricken out.
It was concluded to refer the question
of Incorporation to the promotion commit
tee. The meeting adjourned to a weeK
from next Monday evening at 8 o'clock.
TO EUROPE FOR
THE HONEYMOON
Miss Ruth McNutt Is Host
ess at a Delightful
Luncheon.
Miss Henrietta Zeile and Dr. Harold
Ohrivall were married last evening at the
home of the bride's mother, Mrs. Henri
etta Zeile, 1717 California street. Rev. Dr.
Church officiated at the impressive cere
mony.
The bride was attended by Miss Lottie
Wood and Miss Paula Wolf, who acted
as bridesmaids. Mr. Rosencris officiated
us best man.
The bride wore a beautiful gown of
cream white satin, trimmed with point
lace. Dr. and Mrs. Ohrivall will leave in
a few days for New York en route to
Europe, where the honeymoon will be
spent.
Miss Ruth McNutt gave a luncheon yes
terday at her home. 2511 Pacific avenue.
Ten young ladies enjoyed Miss McXutt's
hospitality and discussed an elaborate
menu amid most delightful surroundings.
Jonquils were used with splendid effect
for a table decoration. Seated at the table
were Mlsa Linda Cadwalader, Miss Mary
Denman, Miss Leila Tatum, Miss Edith
Preston, Miss Charlotte Elllnwood, Miss
May Josselyn, Miss Charlotte Field, Miss
Bessie Ames and MI3S Margaret Cole.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. E. H. Reid of Madera Is at tha
Lick.
George S. Patton of Los Angeles Is at
the Palace.
E. Perkins, a merchant of Big River,
Is at the Russ.
A. T. Ames, a merchant of Gait. Is reg
istered at the Lick.
George L. Carr. a mining man of Carr
ville, is at the Russ.
Slg Wormser. a merchant of Gait, is
stopping at the Lick.
F. W. and J. P. Flint, Los Angeles
bankers, are at the Lick.
Hugh D. Bowker. a merchant of Chi
cago, is at the Occidental.
E. J. MUey, a banker of "Winters, is
registered at the California.
S. A. Fischer, a mining man of Sonora.
is stopping at the California.
Thomas H. Pike, who has Just returned
from L»awson, is at the Palace.
James P. Anderson, a cattle merchant of
Golconda, Nev., is at the Russ.
Fred Mason, "William Enos and W. A.
Caswell of Sacramento are registered at
the Grand.
William Magee, an attorney, has ar
rived from Nevada and is stopping at the
Occidental.
Fred C. Cochezn, a wealthy merchant of
Brooklyn, accompanied by his family, ar
rived in this city yesterday and is stop
pins at tho Palace.
Richard Lansen, J. H. Smith, J. W.
Glenn, B. "W. Moore and J. B. Thompson
came down from Stockton yesterday and
are stopping at tho Grand.
procure for the United States a fair share of it.
Finally we shall have the right to expect Federal
aid to some extent. The Congressmen who repre
sent the Pacific Coast will vote with Philadelphia on
the bill now before Congress, and when the time
comes we may count upon a considerable number of
Eastern men to support an appropriation bill for the
Pacific Coast museum. tUf'-h
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
AS TO THE DEATH
OF SISTER CORA
Editor of the Call: Having returned
this morning from an extended absence
In the East, I have made it my first duty
to search the files of the San Francisco
papers for information touching the death
of Sister Cora.
This good sister was for nearly two
years under my pastoral direction while
rector of St. Luke's Church, and for a year
was a member of my own household. I
was the recipient of her confidences, and
the bond which united us was unusually
close, as it could not help being, seeing
that she was daily ministering to the poor,
sick and distressed under my direction,
and making to me an almost dally report.
I feel it my bounden duty \o protest
against the imputation of suicide which
has been made relative to her decease.
She was found dead on the floor of her
room at 1513 Jackson street on January 18
last, and the autopsy showed the presence
of carbolic acid in her stomach, which
fact gave color to the suspicion of suicide,
although the Coroner's Jury declared, af
ter having the evidence, that they were
doubtful whether' the poison had been
taken purposely or by accident.
I wish to give to the public certain facts
in my possession which will, I feel sure,
convince reasonable people that this
cheerful, bright-faced, consecrated woman
did not commit the fearful crlm© which
has so lightly been charged upon her. 1
know positively that Sister Cora was in
the habit of using carbolic acid as a
gargle for her throat, for I have heard
Bishop Moreland Tells What He Knows About the
Good Woman's Untimely End.
her speak in praise of its efficacy scores
of times and describe how many drops of
the powerful add should be used in water
It is also a fact that in the sisters
room, where B he was found remaps
of an egg were discovered, some of which
was smeared upon her face, and a dish of
milk from which the top had been re
moved. Her body. too. was found near a
window of her room, toward which her
hands were stretched out. It seeras al
most certain from these facts that Sister
Cora, when gargling her throat for the
niffht accidentally swallowed the potson
and Immediately began preparing an
emetic, meanwhile moving toward the
window, but falling and dying before she
could find relief. Certainly, these facta
are entirely inconsistent with the theory
Furthermore, I wish to state that Sister
Cora had received personal assurances
from me of a home and a field of labor—
of the former immediately, of the latter
prospectively— and while she was natural
ly anxious and uncertain about her plans
this uncertainty was not sufficient to
prompt the cowardice and Infamy of self
murder, even if such a thought could ever
have entered so sound and sane a mind
and so true and faithful a heart.
In Justice to the memory of this good
sister, I hasten to communicate these
facts to your columns, feeling sure that
by their publication you will Dring com
fort and relief to many who loved her In
life and who wish to revere her memory
now that she is taken from us.
WILLIAM H. MORELAND,
Bishop of Sacramento.
February 8, 1900.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Oppra-hous* — "Aladdin Jr."
OTT"^"Jzn — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Snru£r>rB of Bafiaye*,"
Alhambra— "London L>l£e."
California— "The Cuckoo."
Alcarar— "Frlenfis."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— YauSevllle every afternoon and
evenlr.s.
OlyiEpla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Race Track — R&ces.
AUCTION SALES.
• Br Chas* * M«<!*Tiha.ll — This day, at 12 o'clock. Race
JJcrrrer, at Oakland Uace Track.
64MMmHI»»MM>MM»I>
i Palace and \
i Grand Hotels \
< ' For nearly a quarter of a century tha '
• leadla* hotels on th» Paclfio Coast. '
1 With added improvements an 4 coa> <
< , »enlences they continue to b« tha head* <
» quarters tor tourist* and travelers vl*» < .
~ tun* Baa Francisco. <
t JOHN C. KEEUCPATRICK. . ,
t Manas «r. . .
« » « s « tttttr-htf tt ttt tttti {
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
" Nymphia " Inmate Convicted.
May Russell, an inmate of the Hotel
Nymphla, was found guilty shortly after
midnight last night by a jury In Judge
Cabanlss' court. The woman, along with
a number of other companions, was taken
into custody on January 10 for a viola
tion of a provision of the charter. Her
case was made a test action, and for the
past two months has from time to time
been heard In the police court. Last night
the jury was charged by Judge Cabanlss.
and after an hour's deliberation returned
with the foregoing verdict.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
AN ASSURED SUCCESS.
LBSt The Beautiful Comedy-drama,
r- FINOS!
Morrow
j Engagement of
»"» The Distinguished Actress,
Sflfldaj. MARY HAMPTON.
NEXT WBBK-
Th« New York Madison Square Theater Farci-
cal Success,
"OH" SUSANNAH.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN C 32.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
The Theatrical Sensation of the City.
ALADDIN JR.
EULOGY SUPERFLUOUS.
ASK THOSE WHO HAVE SEEN IT.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra at Saturday
Matinee. 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
LAST 3 TIMES.
TO-NIGHT. MaUr.ee Sat. aafl Saturday Night,
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS
Pl » mii« fog the New Light Or«ra, THE
SMUGGLERS OF BADAYEZ.
By MINKOWSKY and RAN KEN.
Beginning I THE
MONDAYIBOSTDHIANS'
FIRST PRODUCTION
ON ANY STAGE TTHP
' F THE 1 lll-
>;etsv comic opera.
VICEROY.
BY SMITH & HERBERT
THE LATE COLONEL RICHARD THOMPSON. |
MURDEROUS MICROBES
Breeding and Feeding in
Human Intestines*
A Mew Powerful Germ Destroyer Dis-
covered— How Microbes Are Killed
While You Sleep.
Millions of microbes, bacteria, pto-
maines, disease-germs of every kind 11%-e
and breed and feed in the stomach and
bowels.
For their propagation it is only necps-
sary for the liver and intestines to be-
come lazy and operate irregularly.
Modern science has been at work to
find a means of killing microbes, and the
most successful germ destroyer of all is
Cascarets Candy Cathartic. They slaugh-
ter bacteria wherever they find them, are
antiseptic, stop sour stomach, make the
liver lively, the blood pure, the bowels
regular, everything as it should be.
Go buy and try Cascarets to-day. It's
what they do, not what we say they'll
do, that proves their merit. All drug-
gists, 10c, 25c, or 50c, or mailed for price.
Send for booklet and free sample. Ad-
dress The Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago;
Montreal, Can., or New York.
y >. This is the CASCARET tab-
f mijfli let. Every tablet of the only
I fl H II I genuine Cascarets bears the
I Vijii?ib I magic letters "C C C." Look
N A at the tablet before you buy,
XX — — Jf and beware of frauds. Imita-
tions and substitutes.
LADIES' PLAID CLOTH WAISTS, former price $1.25, marked down
to 50C
LADIES' FANCY UNDERSKIRTS, former price $1.25, marked down
to 50°
LADIES' BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, former price $3.00, marked down
to $1.15
LADIES' PLAID DRESS SKIRTS, former price $5.00, marked down
to $2.50
LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS, former price $5.00, marked
down to $2.90
LADIES' COLORED CREPON SKIRTS, former price $6.00, marked
down to $2.90
LADIES" PLAID DRESS SKI RTS. former price $8.00, $9.00 and
$:0.00. The entire lot will be closed out at $4.90
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS.
BLACK AND BLUE TAILOR-MADE SUITS, former price $io.oo,
marked down to <CR CjO
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, new designs, all sizes, will be placed on
sale at 35C
The above lines are positively the
greatest bargains ever offered.
friihfs Man Veptattß Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
year* to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS,
CONSTIPATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach,
Pimple* and purify tbo blood. .
CHUTES ANDZOO.L T ii42a? M 1
MAJOR MITE, the Smallwrt Actor on Earth,
and a Great Vaudeville Show.
TO-MORROW (SATURDAY) NIGHT.
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALKING CONTEST !
I>OB ANGELES %s. SAN FRANCISCO. .
*keu_for Seatc _.. V ....... M ... ..,,.... PARK.-U
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF aONORRHOBA.
Gleeta, ' Strictures and analogous - com.
plaints of the Organs of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MININO CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal in tat
market. Ofnc« and Yards— iSO Mala'strMt.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACB TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or salno.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and > p. m., connecting
with trains etoppinc at the entranco to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dies and their escorts; no smoklnr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
ro direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
«:<5 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
Academic League Swimmers.
The boys of the high schools forming
the Academic Athletic League will held
their second annual swimming tournament
to-night. The contests will take placo In
the big tank of the Olympic Athletic Club,
which has been placed at the disposal of
the league by the club directors. Many
academic records will probably be 'vlped
off the slate, as the young athletes have
been showing great speed in practice.
REMAINS OF LAWTON
IN STATE AT WASHINGTON
liOng Journey of the Funeral Train
Across the Sea and the Land
Is Finally Ended.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. — The train bear-
Ing the remains of Major General Henry
W. Lawton completed Its trip across the
continent at 9:30 o'clock this morning.
Adjutant General Corbin met the party at
the depot, and Troop H, Third Cavalry,
from Fort Meyer, acted as escort to the
Church of the Covenant.
Carriages were waiting for those who
accompanied the dead general, and they
left the station before the remains were
removed from the train. Mrs. Lawton,
her son Manley and her daughters were
the first to enter the carriages. Mrs.
Armstrong, widow of Major Armstrong,
whose remains are to be interred at Ar
lington, followed. General .Shatter, with
his aids. Lieutenant E. T. Wilson and
Colonel C. E. Edwards, was next con
veyed from the station.
The massive casket, draped with the
national colors and covered with flowers,
was then carried to the hearse by sol
diers of the Fourth Cavalry and Four
teenth Infantry, who accompanied the
funeral party on the special train.
The cortege then moved slowly to the
Church of the Covenant, on Connecticut
street, where the remains will He in state
until to-morrow, when the funeral will be
held at Arlington Cemetery.
Death of Colonel Beuyard.
WASHINGTON. Feb. B.— The -adjutant
general received a telegram from Colonel
Gillesple, Corps of Engineers, at -New
York, saying that Colonel "W. H. Ben
yaurd died there yesterday afternoon.
The news came as a great shock to the
many friends of the deceased ofHcer at
the War Department, who were not even
aware of his serious illness. Lieutenant
Benyaurd was one of the most distin
guished officers of his corps and had a
particularly brilliant record during -,r the
War of the Rebellion. He was In charge
of the river and harbor works at New
York and vicinity.
Died From Natural Causes.
SALINAS, Feb. B.— The Coroner's jury
in the case of Joseph B. Hayes, the San
Francisco liquor merchant, whose body
was found near Paralso Springs after a
search of six months, has rendered a ver
dict that Hayes' death was due to natural
causes resulting from possible mental de
rangement and exposure. The body has
been shipped to San Francisco for burial.
Pyrography outfits and thingrs to burn
in artists' material department at San-
born & Vail*. •
••THE Fearfully
CUCKIOO" Runny,
AND SO WELL PLATED BY
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
EUNDAY NIGHT. Feb. 11. the late Aurustln
Daly'e charming comedy.
"AN UNCONVENTIONAL. HONEYMOON."
And welcome home from London of California's
di«!npul«hed actress.
MISS KEITH WAKEMAN.
SPECIAL NOTICE !
TTTO EXTRA MATINEES NEXT WEEK—
Wednesday Feb. 14. ••TRILBY." Friday, Feb.
16. "MADAME SANS GENE."
Seats row on saie for all performances.
Fender Saved a Life.
J. Fenmore, a bootblack residing at 427
Valley street, owes his escape from deatn
to a real fender on car 1175 of the Mission
street line. While he was alighting he lost
his footing and fell in front of the car.
The motorman, with great presence of
mind, dropped the fender in time to pick
Fenmore up. He was quickly released
from his perilous position and sent to tho
railway company s hospital, where Dr.
Miller found that his injuries consisted of
a sprained ankle and numerous bruises.
I said the document was Intended only as
a review of the State's principal products.
Wheat still continues the staple crop, the
yield of 1599 being worth $21,000,000. Bar
ley, corn and oats were lesser crops, the
area of which will probably not oe ex
tended. Fertilizing wheat nelds in Aus
tralia has proved to be very successful
and the board has undertaken some ex
periments in this direction which it will
report next year. The grain grown on
the fertilized tracts will be shown at the
State Fair in 1900. The Eastern shipment
of fresh fruit last year was the heaviest
ever sent out of the State. The quality
was good and the prices satisfactory.
One hundred and twenty-three carloads
of fresh fruit were sent to Europe with
success and profit, and this market may
develop to large proportions. The dried
fruit product was somewhat short, but
the prices were good. Organization by
the producers was urged and honest pack
ing recommended. Dried fruit shipments
to Europe have rapidly Increased and
promise well. The prune crop was heavy
and good, but prices low. Orchardists
were recommended to join the new asso
ciation. Over 3.000,000 cases of canned
fruit and vegetables were packed in 1599.
The raisin crop was short, but as a re
sult of the growers' association the prices
were good. The growing of citrus fruit
has been extensively engaged in. Cali
fornia now standing second only to
Florida as a producer. Prices of oranges
and lemons have been good and the busi
ness is profitable. Olives, flgs and nuts
are grown in quantity and excellence suf
ficient to supply the American market.
Wine-grape growing has been productive
of profit and the conditions warrant
further planting. Phylloxera has attacked
our vines and further planting should be
on resistant stock. Adulteration should be
prohibited by strict legislation.
An interesting review of the beet-sugar
industry by Claus Spreckels was incor
porated in the report. Seven hundred thou
sand acres of land In California is suit
able for sugar-beet culture. The condi
tions here are more favorable than else
where In the United States, tho beets
richer in saccharine, and beet-growing is
rapidly developing and improving the
State.
Hops grow to a higher perfection ami
are freer from disease than elsewhere. In
California there has never been a crop
failure, and here is grown about one-third
of the amount consumed In the United
States. Prices are low at present and fur
ther planting Is discouraged. About 2.000,
000 pounds of honey are produced per an
num. The blossoms, flowers, sage and clov
ers make as good honey as is grown in the
world.
California horses are famous all over
the world, ' and from them is derived a
large revenue by sales In the Eastern
States and in Europe. Only good-sized,
good-dlsposltioned animals should be bred.
The breeding of a high class of road
horses Is advised, and farmers are urged
to breed for some special purpose, and
aim to produce some special type. Horse
men should look to the islands and tho
Orient for a good market.
The cattle supply is now short, but un
der conditions found here can be rapidly
made up. California has no cattle plagues,
no blizzards and cattle reproduce rapidly.
The type of cattle is good and they are
well bred. More pure bred cattle should
be bred here, and breeders . should en
deavor to beat the Nevada herds, which
have beaten them for the last three yeara.
Texas fever is confined within narrow
limits and 13 now well under control.
Dairymen have not made the progress
they should under existing favorable con
ditions. The Dairy Bureau reports many
herds - producing. less than 100 pounds of
butter per cow per annum. A report from
three excellent herds is given. Holstelns
in the San Joaquin Valley, owned by Mrs.
M.-E. Sherman, produced 339 pounds- of
butier per cow. Alfalfa-fed Shorthorn
marks of approval from the Right, min
gled with laughter from the Left.
Dr. Schadaler declared the Centrists
could not suooort the hill in its present
shape. He added that the revenues of the
country were receding, and that the pro
gramme could not be carried out unless
new taxes, amounting from 100.000,000 to
120,000.000 mark 3, were raised. Dr. Schad
ler concluded with declaring that the
Centrists did not fear the specter of the
dissolution of the Reichstag.
Herr yon Levetzow, the Clerical leader,
said a great majority of the Conservatives
favored the bill.
Herr Froehm. Social Democrat, declared
his party was strongly opposed to the bill.
TERRIFIC CYCLONE
DESTROYS A TOWN
Nine Persons Injured In Collinsvilla
and a Woman Killed in St.
Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 8.-The town of
CoUlnsville. 111., twelve miles from Se.
Louis, on the Vandalia Railroad, narrowly
escaped destruction by a tornado to-day.
Nine persons were injured In the immedi
ate vicinity of the village, some of them
fatally and there was much damage to
property. The miners who* live on the
outskirts of the town lost the most by
the wind. A group of three residences
standing on a hill were reduced to splin-
Near Cantane, HI., not far from Colllns
vllle, a large farmhouse waa completely
destroyed. The farmer and hl3 family
escaped. A mile and a half of telegraph
line was blown down and much debris
piled on the track of the Vandalia Rail
road. The farmer whose home had been
destroyed, while out looking for his live
stock, noticed that the track of the rail
road was obstructed, and hurrying to the
west a mile, he flagged the fast train due
In Indianapolis at S:2O o'clock. It was not
yet daylight, and the officers of the road
say the train would surely have been
wrecked but for the thoughtfulness of tha
farmer.
In St. Louis Mrs. Susie Thompson be
came entangled In a live wire that had,
been blown down. She died from her in
juries.
Henry M. Stanley Quite Ill.
LONDON. Feb. B.— Sir Henry M. Stan
ley, the celebrated African explorer and
Unionist Liberal member of Parliament
for North Lambeth was taken suddenly
111 with gastritis. In the House of Com
mons last night (Wednesday), and la In
a somewhat serious condition.
Insurrection in China.
LONDON. Feb. 9.— The Hongkong- cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says; a
rebellion has broken out In Swatau In tha
province of Kwang Tung. The Viceroy
has sent troops and a gunboat to sun
press the Insurrection.
Joost's Fence Makes Trouble.
Behrend Joost and some of his neigh
bors on the line of Douglass street and the
Corbett road are "at outs" over a fence
that has been erected by Joost on a piece
of his property. He asserts that the land
from Seventeenth street south along Doug
lass street and Clara avenue is his private
property. He says that Corbett road be
gins at Clara avenue and not at Douglass
street. This contention Is disputed by
some of the people. Several boys under
took to pull a portion of the fence down
a few nights ago, with partial success.
The Board of Public Works Intervened In
the dispute and gave Joost notice to"' stop
building fences across public streets until
the court settled the disputed territory.
First-class a za
Snlisto S J2 MI
order from * m
Overcoats to $tr
order from - ¦ 13
Pants to order. % i
from 4
REDUCED
For* 30 Duye Only.
It you need a sood
made-to-order suit now is
the proper time to order
it.
Joe Poheim
THE TAILOR,
1110-1112 Market St.
201-203 Montgomery St
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 9.— A special from Terre Haute, Ind., says that Colonel
Richard Thompson died there at his residence at 1:10 o'clock this (Friday) morn
ing. He had been unconscious for more than twenty-four hours. The end was
remarkably peaceful. Colonel Thompson was Secretary of the Navy under Hayes'
administration, and since the birth of the Republican party in 1556 had been prom
inent in Indiana politics.
AiITJSEIIENTS.
AJUTJSEMENTS.
EVERYTHING NEW, NOVEL AN
ENTERTAINING.
MR. AND MRS. PERKIN'S FISHER in Ezra
Kendalls "HALF-WAT HOUSE"; MICHELL;
THE HOLLO WAYS; BRUET AND RIVIERE;
SOHLKE'S PICKANINNIES; PARTIE TRIO;
IRENE FRANKLIN; BIOGRAPH.
FV\FMINT/\.
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees— Wednesday, Saturday & Sunday.
OLD MAN WAS SLOWLY
STARVING TO DEATH
Thomas Burden, an old man living at
4322 Twenty-fifth street, was found in his
hut by Policeman Rotanza. slowly dying
from starvation. He was In such a piti
able condition that he was sent, by the
officer to the City and County Hospital,
where he now lies In a precarious condi
tion. Burden had not been seen about
his shack during the past three days and
his neighbors became apprehensive. They
expressed their feara to Officer Rotanza.
and when ha entered the place he found
Burden lying on a rough couch in an un
conscious condition.
An investigation disclosed the fact that
the poor old man was too weak to rise
from his bed of sickness and prepare food
to sustain him. A meager larder was dis
closed, and everything pointed to the rea
sonable supposition that Burden had not
touched a morsel of food In three days.
Burden has no relatives In this city.. He
has always been considered eccentric.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J. O'BRIEN & CO.
1 146 Market Street,
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
, grades, owned by G. F. Cornish of Yolo
County, produced 255 pounds per cow
without grain. Fifty-five Jersey grades,
owned by Charles Decarll of Humboldt
County, produced, on grass and cut fod
der without grain. 333 pounds per cow for
1599 and In IS9O the great yield of 411
pounds. Reports from these parties, show-
Ing how this was done, are published.
More poultry should be bred, as the
business is profitable and the conditions
excellent. The wool clip of the State has
steadily fallen off since 1876. but an in
crease is now indicated. Angora goats
produce fine fleeces here and thrive well.
Irrigation should be more extensively
practiced. It Insures enormous yields and
guarantees an unfailing crop. The Phil
ippine market and that of Alaska and the
Orient are opening up to us. The Nica
ragua canal and the?e markets Insure to
the State great commercial prosperity.
Good road legislation should be enacted.
Immigration is needed, but should be of a
good class. The farmers of California are
among the highest of their class, and to
meet progressive requirements necessi
tates a good quality of manhood. Agricul
tural education along practical lines Is
necessary to keep up the progress of tho
State and to maintain Its supremacy. The
fair of ISD9 was a great success and did a
valuable work. The society promotes agri
cultural education and its appropriation
should be increased. Altogether the re
port is most exhaustive and; will be Inval
uable as an immigration document, and
as a book of reference for agricultural
statistics.
SUDDEN WEDDING
OF MISS DOLPH
Daughter of Oregon's
Late Senator.
Special Disaateh to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW Feb. B.— Much surprise
was occasioned by the marriage in this
city of Mis 3 Ruth Dolph. daughter of the
late Senator Dolph of Oregon, to Louis
W. Thornton of Illinois.
Friends of the young persona knew that
they were engaged, but the wedding was
not to have taken place until next spring.
Mrs. Dolph. mother of the bride la in
Paris. Miss Dolph has been Ilvlng'at the
Grenoble Hotel, Seventh avenue and
Fifty-sixth street. Upon her arrival In
Xew York Mr. Thornton informed the
young lady that he was about to sail
upon an important trip to Cairo. Egypt.
The couple thereupon decided to marry
at once. Thty sent word by wire to a
i whh of 3I i 3 ?> Dol P h - who is a student
In College. He came to the city
and gave away the bride. The details of
the wedding ceremony were hastily ar
ranged and the marriage took place oa
February 1. a wedding breakfast was
given in the hotel and on Saturday the
newly married couple sailed for Cairo.
The first public announcement was
made In Portland. Or., by Mrs. Richard
Nixon, a sister of the bride.
Louis W. Thornton, although only
thirty years of age, has won a fortune
for himself. He has extensive business
Interests in London, Paris and Cairo
where he also has residences. He met
.tttss r>olpn in London about a year azo
and 'L^' as a case of love at first sight.
Jlrs. Thornton is an exceedingly beauti
ful young woman. She was well known
In the society of Washington and of San
in ri vf v £ 55 a *» spent several months
In New York and Washington and was a
social favorite. She arrived in the city
about two weeks ago under the chaperon
age of a San Francisco friend. A brother
of Mrs. Thornton was married in 1892 to
a Miss Armstrong of Seattle. It waa an
elopement, the parents of both bride and
bridegroom having objected to the mar
riage on account of the extreme youth
of the couple. All was forgiven, bow-
DEATH OF COLONEL
RICHARD THOMPSON
son? (Give your own personal opinion
after having made a study of Jefferson's
career as set forth In the "Great Ameri
can Statesmen" course.)
7. Why is James Madison called "the
father of the constitution"? Why is h«
sometimes called "the first protectionist"?
8. "Qallatin's policy in the treasury may
be summed up in two words— debt paying
and tax reduction." Elaborate this state
ment.
9. "Jackson's election to the Presidency
and his subsequent career marked out a
new era in American politics and a new
stage in the development of Democracy."
Explain this statement.
10. Write a biographical sketch (not ex
ceeding 1500 words) of any one of the fol
lowing statesmen: tt) Henry Clay. (2)
Daniel Webster. (3) Charles Sumner.
1146 MARKET STREET.
Ladies' Skirts,
Ladies' Silk Waists,
Ladies' Cloth Waists,
Ladies' Tailor-made Suits,
Ladies' Tailor-made Jackets.
DEVELOPMENT
OF CALIFORNIA
Meeting of State Board
of Agriculture.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY
?
SHOWS THE PBOGBESS MADE
BY THIS STATE- •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. B.— The annual
meeting of the State Board of Agriculture
was held this afternoon and A. B. Bpreck
els was unanimously elected president.
Secretary P. J. Shields presented his an
nual report.
In nominating Mr. Spreckels for re
election Director Frederick Cox paid a
high tribute to that gentleman's services,
saying that the unprecedented success of
the last exposition was in a large part due
to his energ-etic efforts. With him as
president there could be no doubt that
the success of ISD9 . would surely be re
peated in 1900. Very pleasant relations
between the members had resulted from
Mr. Spreckels 1 administration.
Director Johnson Indorsed the state
ments of Director Cox and President
Spreckels was unanimously re-elected.
Director Frederick Cox was elected vice
president. Director W. P. Mathewa was
again chosen superintendent of the pa
vilion and Director J. M. Wilson super
intendent of the park.
In presenting his report Secretary Peter
J. Shields disclaimed any effort or ability
to picture the resources of California, and
GERMANY'S NAVAL
BILL IS READ
Notable Scene in the
Reichstag.
PROMINENT MEN PRESENT
ADMIRAL TIRPITZ SPEAKS FOB
THE MEASURE.
BERLIN, Feb. B.— The first reading of
the naval bill took place in the Reichs
tag to-day. The house and the galleries
were crowded. The First Secretary of the
Admiralty, Admiral Tirpitz; Secretary of
the Interior Count Wehner and Secretary
of the Treasury Baron Thlelman were
present. A photographic apparatus was
conspicuous in the gallery for the purpose
of reproducing the historic scene. Ad
miral Tirpitz, in introducing the bill, said
the historical events of the last two years
had spoken In such clear language that
the necessity for a strong fleet for Ger
many had been recognized In ever-widen
ing circles in the country. Those in favor
of a great navy and those opposed to It
differed essentially in regard to the scope,
date and period for carrying into effect
the increase of the fleet, and also con
cerning the form In which the question
should be dealt with. But the reasons for
increasing the navy could be summed up
in a few words. The discrepancy between
Germany's naval power and that of other
countries was so great that the Federal
Government saw therein a distinct dan
ger If allowed to continue. Indeed the
danger appeared all the greater, as the
commercial competition of the world, ac
cording to all calculations, would become
more severe during the next decade. Any
one desiring to examine the question of
the navy must clearly understand it is
impossible to improvise navies. On the
contrary, many years are required for
their establishment. Least of all is it
possible to improvise navies in the hour
of danger. With this fact, he added, Ger
many will have to reckon.
The creation of navies, the Secretary of
the Admiralty continued, not only pre
sents difficulties of a financial order, but
above all is a question of material. Ships
and their crews, squadrons and their com
manders cannot be conjured up with a
stamp of the foot, but with the accom
panying dockyards and harbor works
accessory thereto, they need long prepa
ration. He recently had the opportunity
to point out to the House that Germany
cannot know what adversary she may
some day have to deal with, and that it
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
was therefore necessary to adopt the
principle of providing for the most dan
gerous opponent. The most dangerous
war for Germany to be In would be one
In which her army could not be used at
the outset. In such a war Germany
would require solely a strong fleet. On
the German coasts Germany's fleet of
cruisers would not suffice in such a war
in view of her geographical situation, to
break the blockade or pass through the
hostile straits. i: >
"Are we to sink our prizes," the admiral
continued, "or rr.an them without crew 3?
Where is our fleet to get coal during this
time? What would be happening to our
coast? If, however, Germany developed
the fleet her battleships would have to be
sent to the bottom by an enemy before a.
blockade, or even an attack on her coast
would be possible. During a war it would
be difficult to protect our merchantmpn on
the high seas. Therefore such a war must
be altogether prevented by a strong fleet.
The provisions of the bill coincide with
the statement of the Government in pre
senting the budget. It increases the ef
fectiveness of the navy and ships are kept
in commission. The concluding paragraph
becomes purposeless, but for technical
reasons it could not be eliminated. Our
object is to place a second fighting fleet
alongside the old one, but independent ol
it, like two army corps.
"As regards the number of ships to con
stitute a fleet, we have adopted the maxi
mum number possible to a one-man com
mand, and there would still remain the
question whether the proposed doubling
of the navy is sufficient and as to whether
the dangers existing at the present time
are removed or are considerably reduced
by the bill. We prefer to leave that ques
tion for discussion In committee. We
think the necessity of increasing the num
ber of ships on foreign service is gener
ally admitted. The cost to 1920 is calcu
lated at 500.000.000 marks, or 40,000.000
marks annually. At a moment when we
are about to effect a considerable increase
in the fleet it appears Inexpedient to break
the loan system. Unless a fixed, immov
able loan is determined upon further dif
ficulties will arise in the navy itself with
our present hand-to-mouth way of pro
ceeding. The Federal Government is so
penetrated witii the sense of the necessity
of the bill that they have declared it im
possible to wait any longer. We hope the
House will convince itself of the necessity
of the bill:"
As the admiral closed there were a few
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will be given three week 3 in which to prepare their an
swers. Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examin
ation papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all pa
pers to The Home Study Circle. The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers
"Examination."
DIRECTIONS— Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each
sheet. The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the
top of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than
one course should mail their examinations in separate packages. Mall the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage la fully
prepaid. :-';.'
The names of successful candidates will be arranged In threa groups accord
ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good. (3) fair.
Note— Candidates are required to answer
all ten questions.
1. Describe in detail the part taken by
Samuel Adams in furthering the cause of
American independence.
2. Writ© a sketch of the career of Pat
rick Henry.
3. Why is John Randolph frequently re
ferred to as "the champion of state sov
ereignty"? Give some account of his con
structive work as a statesman.
4. Who made the flnal draft of the
American constitution? Give some par
ticulars of the (preparation of this docu
ment. • •-.-.¦
5. Write a biography (rot exceeding IMO
words) of Benjamin Franklin.
6. What does America as a nation to
day owe to the memory of Thomas Jeffer-
The Call's
Home Study Circle
o+-O-+O4-O-+O -*O-»-O-+O-*-O~»O •?O-+O-+O-*- O+-0-*O-»O-«'O -*-O-»O-*O-+O-*- O ?o~*o-»-0
j SPECIALISTS. I
? Z* Strictly Reliable. X
I . £y\ Dr.Talcott& Co. |
? s*f«r £Z=J!fr Practice Confined to Diseases and Weak* ?
O Gjm «**J7 ty nesses of O
j Hyto,- Men Only. I
O 1 Varlcocele cured In one week at offlc* or o
* Jv V^^itt'4«SS7f tour week 3' hl "n- treatment
O yl Vv^^^^^yy \ Blood Taints. Contracted Dliortlers and o
? j/f [O^V /V every form of Weakness a specialty.
9 _j0 I Jn*\>S. -^z^Jt i V \Sw^ w * are al w *y» willing to wait for our fe* q
o \ /v^^^^^T^M untn enr * ls • ffeete d- ?
+ 11 y V\^£*rj] V"^ ' Full Information cheerfully mallei O
I U \\vfrl II 7> W Market Street, Corner Siith. ?
CUFF RfIYAI P^js
Valises checked free.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails 1
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND Pl<2 IRON.
J C WII SON &CO K* o B»Mery Street.
J- V* n ILJUH q \AJ. , Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX Supt. H. BLYTH. M*r
CW SMITH Bhi P* Numbing. Steamboat
V- TT OJII i 11. and Ship Work a Specialty. 18
and XS Washington it. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAJ- UuIWU vWi Clay. Tel. Mam IM4.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MON, Ye Canna Slop the Rush:"
-Wouldn't That Keep Yon Waitingr'
DON'T MIES THE NEW "FAIRY TALES!!"
THE FOURTH WEEK
Of the E*nonrunis Cotnlc Opera Triumph,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERT EVENING AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAT AT 3.
THE SAME OLD PRICES— 2S and CO eenta.
Telephone Bush t.
FURS.
j N I fIFSTiI) ' A Kegm/ "•• "*>*»"* l«»»*
PAPER DEALERS.
WTT T iMFTTF PULP and paper co .
IT ILLAITiEIIE «i Montgomery^ iv
PRINTING
E-CfiUGHES, eusa^?t%. F .
STATIONER AND PRINTER. \
Ttle cc l X hU> PARTRIDGE M c^ v
(THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
RHOKE SOUTH 770.
EVERT EVEX.HCO THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LONDON LIFE!
Next Sunday Afternoon— The Real JEFFRIES-
FHAKKEY CONTEST PICTURES. These
Pictures WOI be exhibited Every Afternoon at
2:l£; Evenings al g : i 5. Contest will begin
promptly as announced, owing to the light
going the limit — twenty-flve rounds.
PRICES
Matlne* <r«nera.l admission). 23c and 59c
Evenl&Rs (reserved), lie, 25c, 25c, Me and 7Sc
7Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic . Survey-
Times and Heights of High" and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 3.
Sun rises 7:06
Sun sets ?>¦*-
Moon sets 3:33 a. m.
D Tlmel ITlme Time Time!
" 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
j» LWJ JH W L W HW|
9 ... 0:55 8.2 7:07 6.7 2:2S — 0.2 8:29 4.1
10 ... 2:05 3.2 8:0S 5.6 3:15 —0.3 »:*> 4.5
11 ... 3:03 3.0 9:04 5.« 3:5S — 0.3 10:20 4.8
12 ... 3:52 2.8 9:54 6.6 4:32 0.2 U:<» 5.0
13 ... 4:36 2.5 10:40 5.6 6:04 0.0 11:53 J.I
14 ... 5:13| 2.3 11:221 6.4 6:32| 0.3 1 ...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th» left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the .last or right hand column gives tn*
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Bunrey chart*, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths betgbt.
f«H3nM?9t The S. S. AlamecH
fra&lrf tiL « alls vla Honolulu an.l
•It** 5 •*¦ Auckland for Bydney
y^V^— - Wednesday. Feb. 21.
"Th^S. 'S. Australia
CylMllDlllL'^' gaus for Honolulu
fnfll Ffflftil- Wednesday. March T.
r ,— lUllipUUeT i9oo. at 1 p. m.
vavortt* line around the world via "a^*".
Pamoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sue*.
England, etc.; J6lO first class.
i. U. s<-.«ccn£La & 8.-iUS-CO.. Agts^ iMMwrtwrnen
Pie, 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market St
COMPAONIK 6ENIHAII TBANSATLANTIQra.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Saillns every Thursday Instead of £|g|£
Saturday, from November 2. 183 J. at """^
Io a. m from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st • L'AQI'ITAINE. Feb. 13; LA GAS-
COGS E Feb. 23 LA TOURAINE. March 1:
LA BRETAGNE. March 8. First cla« to
„„ " jrto . n ,i upward; S per cent reduction on
SEd -trt Second class to Havre W5: 5 per
'aoVv^^f^r^itnited '^tates^d-
PAVADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlng>.
New York J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacido
Coast Agent*. 5 Montgomery aVe.. San Fran-
Cisco.
BAY AND BIVEE. STEAMERS.
"Toll Fs. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. *at J:43
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. t. Telephone Mala 1308.
FARE Wa
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
700 Mexican Central 11
200 Minn & St Louis 60%
Minn & St Louis prefd 93
9.560 Missouri Pacific 464
2.500 Mobile & Ohio 48
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10%
459 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 23%
400 New Jersey Central 1174
2,600 New York Central 134%
15.250 Norfolk & Western 294
€.350 Norfolk & Western prefd 74H
15.900 Northern Pacific MH
1.035 Northern Pacific prefd "*4
8,800 Ontario & Western 24
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 6
6.470 Pennsylvania 132%
76") Reading If 4
2.050 Reading Ist prefd 664
100 Reading 2d prefd 28%
£00 Rio Grande Western 42
100 Klo Grande Western prefd b*
200 Pt Louis & San Fran 10H
Pt Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 684
950 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35Ti
100 St Louis Southwestern 114
350 St Louis Southwestern prefd 28>»
15,210 St Paul 12*
ISB St Paul prefd Hl4
St Paul & Omaha 116
15,785 Southern Pacific 39%
3.0.M) Southern Railway 1"^»
1,400 Southern Railway prefd 57
1.400 Texas & Pacific 16%
84.450 Union Pacific So*»
3.755 Union Pacific prefd 70*,
SOO Wabash "'M
SOO Wabash prefd 21>»
2.400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11
MIS Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 2SVi
100 Wisconsin Central 1»4
Exrrets Companies —
Adams 115
American 1474
I'nited States 47
Wells. Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil 344
American Cotton OH prefd S3
450 American Malting 6
American Malting prefd 27
1.400 American Sugar & Refining 41H
230 American S. & R. prefd 91
American Spirits 5
American Spirits prefd '• 1"
2,C«0 American Steel Hoop 47
LOW American Steel Hoop prefd S4^
8.545 American Steel & Wire 57>4
1.450 American Steel &. Wire prefd 93U
745 American Tin Plate 34 l j
American Tin Plate prefd 73
11.200 American Tobacco 1064
American Tobacco prefd 135
2.430 Anaconda Mining Co 46
36.527 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72%
2,6«0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46
5,;75 Continental Tobacco 34%
€20 Continental Tobacco prefd S5
10.43) Federal Steel f6%
400 Federal Steel prefd 76
100 General Electric 1264
760 Glucose Sugar 57V»
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
150 International Paper 24
200 International Paper prefd 68
300 Laclede Gas 75
100 National Biscuit 39
National Biscuit prefd &4
100 National Lead 27
National Lead prefd 1054
£.035 National Steel CO
K>6 National Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 130
600 North American l4Vi
100 Pacific Coast 57%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83"
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 64
3.0*) Pacific Mall 41%
4.650 People's Gas 10S
SOO Pressed Steel Car 66
Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
75 Pullman Palace Car ISS
:di Standard Rope & Twine 8%
94.473 Sugar 112%
Sugar prefd 112
6.532 Tennessee Coal & Iron 97>4
8. 660 United States Leather 17
1.974 United States Leather prefd 7C4
700 United States Rubber 37T4
United States Rubber prefd 10714
9,703 Western Union 54%
465 Republic 6 & S 244
SoO Republic S. & S. prefd 6SVi
P. C. & St. L 63
664,300 Total shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg ..1024!* V Cent lsts 102%
U S 3s reg..... 103% i.V J Cent gen 65. ...124
U S 3s coup 109*»jN' Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4s reg. ...134 N Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s c0up.. 134 (Northern Pac 35.. 66T»
V 8 old 4s reg 114vs [Northern Pac 45..104>4
U S old 4s coup....H4T4!N V C & S L 45. .1074
U 8 5s reg 112% |n &. W con 4s 944
U S 5s coup 112% IN & W gen 6s 130
Dis of Col 3.65s 118 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchlson gen 4s 101 Or Nay 4s 101
Atchison adj 4s 83 iOr Short Line 65. ..127
Canada 60 2ds 1094 Or S Line con 55.. 113
Ches & Ohio 445... 98H Reading Gen 45.... 85%
Ches&Ohloss 11S'4 R G W lsts 964
C & NW con 75.... 1404 S L & I M con J5.111%
C & NWSFdeb 55.119 SL& S F gen 65.123
Chicago Term 45... 93 St Paul cons 167U
D & R G lsts 102% 5t P C & P 15t5. .1194
D&R G 4s 99 St PC & P 55. ...120%
ETVa & Ga sts.lo6 So Railway 5s 108%
Erie General 45.... 70% Stand R & T 65.... SO
FW& D C lsts.. 71 Term new set 3b.... 95
Gen Electric E5....117 Tex & Pac lsts 1134
GH&S A 6s 106 Tex & Pac 2d5.... 54
GH& S A 2d5....105 Union Pacific 45... 104%
H & T C 5s 1104!Wabash lsts 116
H «¦ T C con 65. ..110 IWabash 2ds 994
lowa Central lsts.. lll jWest Shore 4s 113
X C P & G lists.... 72% ,Wls Centlsts 81%
La new cons 4s 1064 [Va Centuries „ 65%
L & N Unl 4s 994iV'a deferred 5
M X & T 2s 66% Colo & So 4s 84%
MX& T 4s 91 sr> Pacific 4s 834
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ISiDntarlo 87
Crown Point 09'Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 40; Plymouth OS
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 175
Gould & Curry 17; Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross... 25 Sierra Nevada 25
Homestake 45 00 Standard 2 49
Iron Silver 57 Union Con 25
Mexican 25 : Yellow Jacket £0
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Do prefd 113
Call loans 34<?5 Westgh Elec 44
Time loans 4gsj Do prefd 61
Stocks— jWis Central 194
Atch Top & 8 F... 20% 1 Dom Coal 434
Do prefd -J3H! Do prefd 115%
Am Sugar 113 I Bonds-
Do prefd 113 Atchlson 4s 99
Bell Tel 331 Mining Shares-
Boston & A1bany. ..244 Adventure S
Boston & Maine... 138 Allouez Mng Co 3
Chi Bur &. Q 125 Atlantic 24
Ed Elec 111 202 Boston & M0nt... .2*0
Fltchburg pred 124 Butte & 805t0n.... 624
¦Gen Elec 1264 Calumet & Hec1a..750
Do prefd 137 iPentennial 106%
Fed Steel 5G4] Franklin 15%
Do prefd 7r4iOsceola 754
Mexican Central... 124iParrot '. 454
Mich Tel 100 iQulncy 145
DM Colony 204 ; Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Old Dominion 20% ; Tamarack 1914
Rubber 374|Wlnona 34
Union Pac 50% j Wolverines 414
Union Land 2' 7 Utah 81
Weet End 924 1
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. B.— Money on call, steady,
at 2624 per cent; laM loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4g6 per cent. Sterling ex
change easy, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 tVifii 574 for demand and at $4 MSP
4 S4U for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85 and
$4 S»4. Commercial bills, $4 83®4 83%. Silver
certificates. 694®600. Bar silver, 6&*ic Mexican
dollars, 4"4 c. Government bonds, weak; State
bonds, firmer; railroad bonds, easier.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treamiry shows: Avail
able carh balance. t2t<6,229,228; gold reserve.
$217,995,025.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London Financial cablegram says:
Operators on the markets here are very san
guine that General Buller will succeed Jn
reaching Ladysmlth and while there was no
late news to-day all stocks were up except
Americans. Business waa also ' brisker than
Exchange and Bidlion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $? 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — * 8»#
Sterling Cables — * « 9 %
New York Exchange, sight — J*
New York Exchange, telegraphic — "4
Fine Silver, per ounce •— 69 ?»
Mexican Dollars 48 4»4
:
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris both advanced
and France was In the market for wheat, the
damage to the French crop being greater than
supposed, with the weather still unfavorable.
Chicago was firm, but the strength was all
from abroad. Severe cold weather In the North
west was offset by snow In the Southwest.
Stocks In the Northwest increased 100,000 bush
els.
The local market advanced, both on and off
call, but the latter market subsequently showed
a reaction.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $l®1014; milling,
$1024@105.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May — 4000 ctls,
1103%; 8000, $103%; 6000. $1 03%: 18.000. $1034-
December— 2B,ooo, $1 09: 6000, $1 OST4: 12.000. $1 08%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 03H.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$108H; 8000, $107%. May— 4ooo, $102%; 2000,
$1 02%.
Afternoon Session— May— lB.ooo ctls, $102%;
2000. $1 Wi. December-2000, $1 07%.
BARLEY— The market was firmer, but prices
were no higher, and the demand waa no bet
ter. '
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 65@724c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— In view of lighter stocks and small
receipts holders are Inclined to think the mar
ket In better shape, but the demand Is still In
significant.
White, $1 10@l 30: Red, $1 074@l 20; Gray,
$1074@H74; Black. 974c@$l 074-
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 85c@$l per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I®l 05; mixed, 974 c
esi.
RYE— sl@l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family - extras. $3 60^3 75
usual terms.; bakers' extras, $3*40®3 50; Oregori
and Washington, $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25f<3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $494 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 73@7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 h<> per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is kept weak and unsettled by cutting
among sellers, but there Is no further decline.
Hay continues slow and weak.
BRAN-$13514 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7Q2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 50Q28; Cocoanut Cake, $20<f}21; Corn Meal.
}23@23 60; Cracked Corn. J23 50® 24; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 50®8 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6 sO®B 50;
Oat. $6®B; Barley. $5€7; Alfalfa. $6@7 60 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S®4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are stationary at previous quotations.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 36; small White, $3 20
03 35; large White, $2 90@3 10; Pinks, $2 50®
2 85; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters,
nominal: Lima, $5 15@5 25; Pea, $3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 60@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®34c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4©44 c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
7@Bc: Rape, 24@3c; Hemp, 4®44c; Timothy.
4@4%C.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. |1 50®l 90; Green, $1 75
®2 £0 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Yesterday's markets were featureless and
quiet. Supplies of everything except Onions
were free.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 90c951; River Reds.
75@S5c; Burbanks, 50f5750 per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 75c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 So@2
for Merced; New Potatoes, 3c.
ONIONS— SI 50^2 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 7c per lb; Aspara
gus, 20@30c for Sacramento and Santa Clara
and 36c per lb for Alameda: Green Peas, 2(jf4o
per lb; String Beans. S@l24c: Cabbage, 40®
50c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I®l 50; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. 100124 c; Dried Okra, 124 c
per lb; Garlic, 6@7c: Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 3@sc: Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots,
80®40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$I@l 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry and Game markets continue
quiet. Poultry is In moderate supply and
steady, while Game Is plentiful and weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11@124c for Gob
blers and 11@124c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
13@15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75<32; Goslings, $1 75
4j2; Ducks, $4®5 for old and *4@5 for young;
Hens. $3 50<g5: Young Roosters, $4 50®5; Old
Roosters, $4®4 50: Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $4®
4 50 fcr large and $2 50®3 50 for small; Pigeons.
$1 2"/' i 150 per. dozen for old and $2 50@3 fcr
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25: Mallard. $.I</?4: Canvas
back, $2@3 50; Sprig, $1 75@2 60; Teal, $1 SO^l 75-
Widgeon, $150@175; Small Duck, $125; Doves.
75c per dozen; Hare, $I@l 25; Rabbits, $1 50®
175; Gray Geese. $3@3 50; White, $150; Brant.
$1 75®2 50; Honkers, $3 60f@4; English Snipe, $2 50
Q3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 25Q1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another slight decline In Butter and Eggs
Is noted, and both are dull. Cheese is weak
and some dealers quote a decline.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26i3)264c; sec
onds. 24@25c. •
Dairy— Fancy, 24c; good to choice, 224®234c
c0mm0n, 15Q'20c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 104511 c; old. 10c;
Young America, IIQUI40; Eastern, .' 164@16c;
Western, 134@15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@16c for store and 164®
174 c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, 124@15c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is no change worthy of note In any
thing, the market being sufficiently supplied
with all descriptions.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
BERRIES—Cape Cod Cranberries, $4@7 per
bbl.
APPLES— 3O<S6Oc per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice, and $1 25@1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60® 2 25
per box: Seedlings, 60®$l 25; Japanese Man
darins. $I@l 25; Pomelos, $I®2 50: Lemons, Jl@
1 SO for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5®5 60; California Limes, 25®
JS CVC V " ananas . $1 70®3 per bunch: Pineapples.
$3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 44c for
40-CO's, 4@4i/«c for 60-60's, B%e for 60-70's. 3Vic
for 70-80' s. 2c for 80-90' s and 2%c for 90- loo's;
Apricots, Il@i3c for Royals, 124@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5V.®
0c for Standards. 64@6%c for choice and 7®Bc
rcr fancy: Peeled Peaches, 100124 c; Evapo
rated Apples. 6®7c; Sun-dried. 6©540 per Ib;
Nectarines, SS^c; Pears, 34@44c for dark and
ijrBc for bright halves; Black Figs, 2{J24c:
\Vhlte Figs, 293 c: Bleached Plums, 8®9o; Un
bleached Plums. 7(6 74c for pitted and 14 for
unpltted.
,IIA, IlAI SINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
Li 1O 2'a ? holc *. 9c; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
blenched Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 84c: choice. 74c; standard. «4c;
Pf'me.Cc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. Sc; 2-crown, loose JVJuscatels, 54c;
3-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $160 per box; 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
P rlce , 8 , ars y o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
• NUTS-ChestmiU, 8©»o; Walnuts, B®9o for
Weather Report.
O2t>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. E— s p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate. as compared with those of same date (
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hourS: Last This Last
Ptaticn*— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka Trace 34. 56 18.48
Bed Bluff 0.00 IS-09 13.13
Facramer.to 0.00 13.71 _..b5
Fan Francisco 0.00 14." 7.77 ;
Fresno «.W «•" JJJ
Independence 0.00 2-08 1-15
Pen Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.41
Log Anpeles 0.00 4.E7 J.J6
fan Dlepo <M» 2.64 1.7«
yvma 0.«0 0.76 1.31 j
Fan Franrlsco data: Maximum temperature, ,
EC; minimum, 4C; mean. 51.
WEATHER CONPITIONS AND GENERAL ;
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the northern por- j
tinn of the Parlfir Sloi>e and fair over the J
(southern. Rain has 'fallen from Eureka north- 1
•ward along the coast and snow over the plateau j
end Uocky Mountain regions.
The pressure has fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and risen over the ;
fnuthern. It is commencing to rise along the
Washington and Oregon coast to-night.
The temperature has risen over the plateau
region and remains about stationary in rther
tettions. Vet?' l° w temperatures are reported |
from Montana and North Dakota. At Havre 1
It is twenty-four degrees below rero this even- I
''conditions are favorable for partly cloudy |
er.d somewhat unsettled weather in California |
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty !
Jiours ending midnight February 9. I
Northern California— Partly cloudy in north
portion; fair in south portion Friday; warmer; j
llrht northerly wind. ]
Southern California— Fair Friday; ligat
northerly wind. -
Nevada— generally cloudy Friday.
Utah— noudy and probably snow In north
portion Friday.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Friday warmer: light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast official. 1
Shipping Intelligence.
Coffee firm at improved prices.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and Barley firmer and the former higher.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Bran weak, with sellers cutting. Hay still soft.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Vegetables in good supply.
Butter and Eggs slightly lon'cr and Clwcse weak.
Game plentiful and weak. Poultry steady.
Fresh and Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Provisions firm at unchanged quotations.
Hogs in slender receipt and firm.
cal dealers to increase their limits for wheat,
and No. 1 Walla Walla was quoted to-day at
E34@53c. with a premium offered for heavy
stock. Valley was steady at 62@524c and 63c
possible for good stock.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Feb. B.— WHEAT— CIub. 524e; Blue
Stem, 644 c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. B.— Consols, 101 5-16@101»4. Sti
ver. 27 5-16 d. French Rentes, IOOf 65c. Wheat
cargoes oft coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, dull for white firm for red; English
country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Feb B —WHEAT— Firm; wheat
In .Paris, steady; flour In Parlß, steady; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON-Uplands. 5 l-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
stocks exhausted; No. 1 Northern spring, firm,
6s Id. Futures— Quiet; March, 5s 10% d; May,
6s 10«.;d: July, 5s 104 d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. firm, 3s
7%: American mixed old, firm, 3s 84d. Fu
tures — Quiet; February, 3s 7%d; March, 3s 7?4a;
May. 3s 74d.
60 Harm Plantation Co \ J*
10 Hanit Plantation Co ' JJ£
10 Hutrhlnson 8 P Co f* £
12000 I>m AnK<-I«i Hy 6s *£f g
2W Makawell ••••• «1 no
175 Markft Street Railway « «
170 (mo(n« Suicar Co • „
265 I'aauhau H P Co **l^
110 F'aauhau S P Co | w
125 Parlflc <Ja.« Imp ?T ..,,
20 Pacific Ons 1mp....-.- mm
to P F Oaf. & Kl^ctrlc Co -} g
1M H F Gas & Kl-ctrhrCo " »
J2OfOP P of A Bond;.
JO P V Water 94 w
34 Hank of California
4ir. MakawHl H CO
150 Pacific Ltshtln* " w
Afternoon Session.
Board- „ 2s
10 «"r.ntra Costa Water....- if "
2" rontra Costa Water, s 90 | J»,,
3W) Kqultable 0a5...... •••••••• g9 00
lft Hawaiian Cnml * Sugar " '
2«t Hon'.kaa S C 0.....
12 r . Hutchlni»on S P Co ,^ X
$5000 Los Angeles Ry j^ £
$2000 Oceanic S 8 Bonds yt on
10 Onomea Sugar < o ?
Br, Panuhau S V< p>---;- £ M
100 Panuhau 8 P Co. b 30 « L'
¦ 10 Pacific Oafl Imp ? w
10 Pacific Gas Imp t[ ...
50 S F Oas & Klectric Co -f £'
30 S F Gas & Electric Co ' *'*
X 1 "' 1 - r, , 116 50
180008 F A B J V Bond* «• M
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD. '
Morning Session.
Board— ?„ ,
10 Alaska PacekrV Assn *ro £?
25 Contra Costa Water 7 * £(
130 Eawltable Gas * tt
25 Giant Powder Con p J"
25 Hutchlnson Sugar Co J^ ¦*'
12 8 F Gas & Electric Co -0 »l^
CO S F Gas & Electric Co « £?
20 8 V Water « -r
10 8 V Water 2 i-u
100 Vlgorit Powder • ?'
100 Vlgorit Powder • '*
Afternoon Session.
100 Equitable Gas ? %
25 Giant Powder Con « »
100 Hana Plantation Co J •'?>
100 Hana Plantation Co J £
100 Honokaa Sugar Co, s 90 « *;¦*
100 Honokaa Sugar Co, s 90 23 25
10 Hutchinson Sugar Co 5 ?«'
10 Hutchinson Sugar Co i? 5»
20 Oceanic 8 S Co •} °°
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co »J <*}
15 S V Water M °°
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln: Session.
Board — '
100 Home Oil. b 6 « W
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Petroleum Center «
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE. •
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda ~~ »
Afternoon Session.
Board
200 Anaconda S3
MINING SHARES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 36, 300 Mexican 23*
4CO Caledonia 3JIOOO Overman 04
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40, 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
100 Con Cal & Va.l 43i 50 Standard 275
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha C 3, 500 Potosi 23
400 Chollar 20, 200 Sierra Nevada. 45
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40; 190 Sierra Nevada. 44
200 Mexican 2S: 300 Utah 04
800 Ophir 6SI
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
sd» Belcher 21; 300 Sierra Nevada. 42
£00 Caledonia 33 1 300 Sierra Nevada. 13
250 Caledonia 34 ! 12r« Sierra Nevada. 43
800 Con Cal & Va.l 451 200 Sierra Nevada. 44
200 Con Cal & Va.l 10 300 Sierra Nevada. 45
200 Con Cal & V.I 474' 300 Syndicate Ci
230 Mexican 2n 200 Union Con .... 30
200 Mexican 30 200 Union Con .... 31
200 Ophir 63 200 Utah 04
200 Overman OS SCO Yellow Jacket.. IS
700 Ophlr 71l
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 061 300 Gould & Curry. 21
400 Best & Belcher 36 £n<> Ophtr 6S
1450 Caledonia 33 200 Ophlr 63
150 Challenge 20 300 Ophtr 67
100 Chollar 20 100 Potosi 25
&v> Chollar 19 £00 Sierra Nevada. 45
300 Chollar IS 200 Sierra Nevada. 45
30) Con Cal & Va.l 43 |15t0 Union Con .... 31
600 Con Cal & Va.l 40 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. «— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 06 07
Alta — 02|Kentuck 01 03
Andes 06 07.Lady Wash .... 02 —
Belcher 21 22jMexican 2S 23
Best & Belcher 35 36 : Occidental 12 14
Bullion 03 04|Ophlr 66 63
Caledonia S3 34 Potosi 23 2«
Chollar 19 2»;Savage 12 13
Challenge Con. 13 20 , Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 73iSeg Belcher ... 01 02
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 43 i Sierra Nevada. 45 45
Con Imperial .. — 01; Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 04 St. Louis — 07
Crown Point .. 11 12|standard •—2 85
Exchequer — 02, Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 20 21 Union Con .... 31 32
Hale & Norcrs. 30 32 Utah 03 04,
Julia — 02iYeIlow Jacket. IS 13
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 104 6 104 6 10^4
Closing 5 10« i 5 10>4 5 104
PARIS.
Wheat- Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 05 2115
Closing 20 25 21 40
Opening 26 15 27 60
Closing 26 40 27 80
Chicago Livestock Market..
CHICAGO, Feb. B.— CATTLE— Generally
stronger; export cattle 10c higher; Texans
steady; receipts of Texans, 1250; cow market
and canners steady, calves 50c lower; good to
choice, $5 2Oi£f6 10: poor to medium, $4@4 50;
mixed stockern, $3 30^3 90; selected feeders,
$4 20^4 JO: good to choice cows, $3 25@4 60;
heifers, $3 2b<l(i 75; canners, $2 10@2 80; bulls,
$2 W'«4 60; calves, $4 SOM-S; fed Texas beeves,
UK r, 10.
HOGS— Market 5c to 10c higher; top, $5;
good clearance; mixed and butchers, $4 6504 35;
good to choice heavy, $4 SO'S'o; rough heavy,
$4 «-.«4 75; light. $4 60g-4 874; bulk of sales,
$4 SQii 4 90.
SHEEP— Strong; lambs about steady:_natlve
wethers, $4 50@5 60; lambs. $5@6 90; Western
wethers, $4 4005 40; Western lambs, $6@6 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 6500; hogs, 85.000; sheep,
10,000. '
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. B.— Clearings, $27»,21T; bal
ances, $39,400.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. B.— The strength of an Im
provement In the foreign markets caused the lo-
TO SAIL.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was good again on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, but changes
were few. The sugar stocks were weak and
several declined slightly. Pacific Gas con
tinued to advance, touching $50 124.
The only change in the afternoon was a
further advance in Pacific Gas to $51. The
list of sales was large.
The Paauhau Sugar Company will pay the
regular monthly dividend of 35 cents per shore
on the 10th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Feb. B—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U 8 Bonds — Eqult G L Co. 3V4 3*4
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — 13
4s quar reg.... — 1144 O G L & H... 4514 —
4s quar new. ..1334 — Pac Gas Imp.. 50% —
6s quar coup.. — — Pac Light Co. 434 454
Miscellaneous — S F O & E.... 514 sl\
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 — San Francisco. 44 4"*
C C Wat 65. ..1064107 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 123 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 6a.. 115 — Firem's Fund.22o 228
Geary-st R Ks. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 645.. 105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 66 —
HC & S 55....106\; — Bank of Ca1. ..4014 —
L A Ry 5s 105>il054ICal S D & T. !»8 100
L A LCo 65.. — — j First Natn1....250 SO5
IK) gntd 65.. — — Lon p & A. ...133 13S
Do gntd 55..— 103 Merchants' Ex— 16
LA& P R 55. 102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65... 127 — Savings Banks —
Do Ist M 55.. — IWA Ger S & L...1750 —
NCN O R 75.105 — Hum S& L. — —
NR of Cal 65. 113*1 — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR of Cal Rs.H3»i — 8 F Say U.. 600 —
NPC R R 68.102',i — Say & L So. 74 78
KPC R R 55. 106 — Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 55...10» — Union T Co. — —
Oak Tran 6*. ..11 l — Street Railroads-
Oak WCo 55.. 104 105 California .....117 118%
Oceanic SS C0.104V4W3 Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6n.. — 15SVi Mamei-ut Ky.. 60% 62
P&CI Ry Cs..lO4Vi — . OS L & H.... — 60
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Presidio 9V4 174
Howell-st R 65.119V4 — Powder Stocks—
Sac El G&RSs. 85 — California 160 175
5F & SJV 55. .1164 — E Dynamite... 85 —
SRy of Cal 6s. — 109 Giant Con Co. 934 944
BPof A 65....H0Vi11l Vlgorit ........ 24 2%
8 P C 63(1905). 109% — Sugar Stocks—
HP C 69(1906). 112 113 Hana P C 0.... 7V* 74
RP C 6s(l&12). — — Haw C&SCo 85 BSU
8 P Q|lst Cgss. — Honokaa S Co. 294 29* t
S Plsr 6s 125 — Hutch 8 P Co. 254 23%
S V Wat 65. ...115*4 — Kllauea S Co.. — 25
SV. Wat 45... .102*4 — Makawell SCo 434 —
8V W 4s(3dm)lC24 — Onomea S Cb. 25*4 —
Stktn Gas 65. .102 108 Paauhau 8 Co. 25% —
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 73U 73H A 1 Pack Assn.l2o —
Marin County. SO — Mer Ex Assn.. —.100
Spring Valley. 93tf M Oceanic 8 Co.. 94 94Ji
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.14- —
Cent L & P... 4 5 Par Paint Co.. »H —
Morning Session.
Board— . - •
20 Alaska Packers' Assn ...120 00
30 Giant Powder C0n........ MOO
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOPtTIaJLISriD
From Scar-street Wharf at 10 a. el
FADE £12 First Class Inctadin; Bertit
IAnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA says Feb. 17. 27. Mar. ». 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 12. 22. March 4. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In tns Northwest.
Through tickets to all r»oints East. "„¦-
E. C. WARD. General Agent."
6:0 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOE 2. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Feb. 14 New York March T
St. Louis Feb. 21 St. Paul March 14
Frlesland Feb. 23 Kensington ..March 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. 14 Southwark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 21 Westernland .March 1*
Friestand Feb. 2SiKenslngton ..March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISJLN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe KHIogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India etc. No cargo received on board on day
NIPPON MARU ... Friday, . F»b. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. **J?* \
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. Marcn n
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and paasase apply at cotnpanr* once.
42X Market «t.. corner First..
W. H. AVERT. General A rent.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. S. — There was a decided
falling off to-day In speculative Interest of
outsiders in the stock market. There was a
considerable degree of activity and some ir
regularity, but it was largely due to the
closing up of speculative accounts on either
elie of the market by professional operators.
While the market seemed to be largely in the
hands of professional operators It was singu
larly free from professional manipulation so
fcr as could be detected. That Is to say the
professional bulls manifested no disposition to
bid up prices where there was evidence of
any outstanding short Interest, but were con
tent to devote their attention to the liquida
tion of their profits. On the other hand the
b«ars showed no aggressiveness in offering
down prices where realizing was In evidence,
but centered their attention on covering up
their own short contracts. While this covering
demand from, the shorts was in evidence in
a nuntier of conspicuous stocks the predom
inant disposition was to take profits by selling
out Ion? llrif-B. The center of the demand from
ehorts wajs Sugar and some of the other ln
iJuFtriaiF, including one or two of the metal
proup. ghowrd sympathy. Others of the metal
grouii. the local traction and the railroads
generally shewed the effect of realizing all
day. The profit-taking was conducted In an
orderly manner and without any such violent
movements of prices or activity of trading as
vat the cas<» yesterday. The high opening in
sympathy with London helped the profit-taking,
but prices w»-re Renerally higher. There was
continued absorption of Union Pacific after
the reaction which followed the dividend an
nouncement and the railroad list generally
•wan well In hand, prices being rallied to
facilitate realizing. It was reported that the
Union Pacific had decided to close the Ogden
gateway, which caup^d some heaviness In the
railroads which have relied on that outlet for
traflic to the Northwest, notably Burlington,
Itock Island and Missouri Pacific. The local
traction stocks, which have shown themselves
repponoive to developments In the rapid tran
»'.'. tunnel project, were weak on the announced
decision to accept the contractor's bond. The
ptormy weather prevailing in the West per
hafs had none effect on the railway list. The
announcement of a bond issue by the Western
Union Company of twice the amount firet re
ported ve*tf-rday caused weakness in that
«tock. The expectation is growing that Satur
day's bank statement will not show the money
j^witlcn «>trer.ijtheni»<i, as the receipts from
the Interior have shown a falling off, owing
In paj-t to a renewed demand from the South
to accommodate a cotton movement stimulated
by the higher price. It Is obvious that the
gain made by the banks early on the sab
tr<=-asury oi>era.tions will b« about wiped out
before the end of the week. There is an In
creased riartiallty for the railroad stocks as
collateral as a result of those developments.
There are a few pains on the day's trading,
but net losses are the rule.
The bond market was moderately active and
showed r^ccs^lons nt some points. Total sales,
par vtlue, 11.051.n00.
I'nltcd States old 4s declined >4 In the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cloning
Bold. Stocks— Bid.
3.423 Atchlson 21
22.420 Atchißon prefd 63\
5.300 Baltimore & Ohio e2V4
Canadian Pacific 97
100 Canada Southern 48%
«,oio Chet-apf-ake k Ohio 29?^
E25 Chicago Great Western 14
17.350 Chicago Buriinpton & CJulncy 125
120 Chicago Ind &. Louisville 16
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 46
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92
Chicago A Northwt-ftem ICIV4
E. 600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lCBv4
700 C C C & St Louis 624
120 Colorado Southern ji^
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43:^
Colorado Southern 2d prefd .-.. 15
Delaware & Hudson 114
700 Delaware Uckawannt & Western. .178
1,220 Df-nver & Rio Grande 20%
SiO tienvtr &. Rio Grande prefd 72%
€20 Erie 12\
2.520 Erie Ist prefd Sfi%»
£35 Great Northern prefd 180
400 Hocking Coal 17^i
2uO Hocking Valley 34
I*o Illinois Central 143
lowa Central ; 12
200 lowa Central prefd 51V4
700 Kansas City Pltwburg A Oalf #\
Lake Erie &. Western 26V»
Lake Erie & Western prefd S3>4
Lake Shore. 144
S.6OQ LouiFvllle A Nashville M>i
11.260 Manhattan L 97Ms
14,750 Metropolitan Street Railway I7SV4
OCEAN TRAVEX.
Continued on Page 11.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t Steamers leave Broadway
fc- wharf. San Francisco:
I^^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
Kf|s»W Feb. 5. 10. 15, SO. 15: Mar. J.
las^*3j*fc. Change to company's steam-
ISS fcK\3ra c" a: Seattle
£&^V43 For Victoria. Vancouver.
£gEa2>«ral ' B - C)> Port Townsend.
f "%&2&**l Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Ar.acorres and Naw What-
com (Wash.). 13 a. m., Feb.
6. 10. 15. 20. 23. Mar. 2. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry. j at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Feb.
S. 8. 13. IS. 23. 28, Mar. 5. and every flftli day
thereafter.
For Santa Cror. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <Saa Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Ansreles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 18. 20. 24. 23. Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Pan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Ansele3 and Redondo (Los Aneeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. 2. 6. 10. 14. . 1». 22. 2«. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to chariK*
steamers, saillnjr dates and hours of soiling,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Charters.
Tbe St. Frances loads merchandise for Hon
olulu.
The Oomene Is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope. Ms >i— an advance.
The Dashing Wave loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honolulu: Elizabeth Nicholson, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Shanghai, owners' account;
Lottie Bennett, lumber at Port Gamble for
Honolulu.
National Coinage.
The ccinape of the United State* mlr.ts for
the current fiscal year to date is as follows:
Double eagles $3t.613.€20 00
i-pc . f 21.<i*.63i> 00
Hair eagiee' ¦::::.: 2 -%lii^>
yuarter eagles « -2 > £5 2
standard dollar* S'isS'^l ??
Half dollars H?2'??f fi
quarter dollar* g g £ggg g
n ?keV::::::::::":.: g
Cents 473.280 97
Total im-oo j:4 - ls I >8 !i: l\
Total ISSS-9S 452.469 o5
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I L .. h * last f « w days. Consols advanced
6-16 to 101 9-16. London was inclined to ad
vance Americans, but New York, after buying
j, a » minutes, sold heavily Union Pacific
ana Atchlson preferred. Later the pressure
from New York lightened, but the close was
/ a £ 7 h " Continent did nothing. The Bank
or England bought £11.000 gold in bars.
Money rates were unchanged, but the tendency
was easier. Bills, however, hardened a little
after the bank return came out.
CLOSING
LONDON, Feb. 8.-Canadlan Pacific, 99U:
Union Pacific. 79; Northern Pacific preferred,
<S^i At £ hlson . 21%; Grand Trunk. 7tt; Ana
conda, 9Ht. Bar silver, steady, 27 6-16 d per
ounce. « .• "•_.;,¦
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 0, 1900.
standards and 9®loc for softshell; Almonds,
UV4@l2c for paper shell. »©loe for soft and *tf
6c for hardxhfll; Peanuts. C%1J614e for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuta. 7Htj*c; Fil
berts. 12@12Hc; Pecans, WSflZc; Cocoanutu, $4 M
©5.
HONEY— Comb. HH®l2c for bright and 10Uf?
110 for light amber; water whit* extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted, 7U®7%c; dark, 6ft@
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c p*»r lb.
Provisions.
The market stands nbout the sam*. being
moderately active and firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9\<i per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light ami 13V4 for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13<R>1.1Hc: California
Hams, nomlnnl: Mpbs Beef. $12 per bbl: extra
Mess. $15; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 SO;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $1B; smoked Beef, lie
per lb. ' r , v
LARD— Tierces quoted at Wft'c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
BV4c: 10-lb tlnn. 8»ic: B-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@8%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10»4@lH4c; medium, S^lOVie; light, 9Hc;
Cowhides, 9'/4@loV4c; Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, 9H*P
10Hc; Calf, 9V4®10%e; Dry Hides, sound, 18c;
culls and brands. U@l6c; Dry Kld and Veal.
17c; Dry Calf. 19tf?20c; Sheepuklns. yearlings, SO
©30c each; short Wool, 35<j?S0c each; medium,
705 90 c; long Wool, $I<£i 1 25 each; Horse Hides,
$2 75<53 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small; Colts,
60e.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. J,
4c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3c;
WOOL-
Fall clip, San Joaqutn plains. 9310 c; South
ern, 8®10c; Middle County, ll®13c; Humboldt.
and Mendocino, 17<ft20c; Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, 18@20c; Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7©llo Der lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Dealers say that unless receipts of Hogs In
crease very soon prices will advance, for there
are not enough coming In to supply the de
mand. Already a few sales at 6c are being
made.
BEEF— 6Vi@7e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@BHc; ewes, 8c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, 15c; yearlings, 9<@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small. 5%c for me
dium and SH<SSHc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6tt@s>/&c; dressed Ilogß. 7@BHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7V»c; Wool Bags, 28<330e.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$7; Bryant, $7; COO 6 Bay. $5 60; Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
eylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-1U bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated. s*4c; Dry Gran
ulated, SVic; Confectioners' A. &He; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C. 4%c; barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, %c more; boxes. He
more; 60- Ib bags, He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels. sT£c: boxes. 6%c per rb.
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular gives the
receipts at this port In January at 15,989 bags,
against 10.466 in January. 1539. The sales from
first hands were 10,903 bags, against 7511. The
stock In first hands February 1 was 11.1-34 bags,
against 10,261 last year. The world's visible
supply February 1 was 6,162,003 bags, against
6.555.114. The circular says:
"Rising markets have been the rule every
where since our circular of January 6. The
causes have been numerous: Confirmatory esti
mates of 9.0C0.000 to 9,500.000 of bags for the
growing Brazil crops — nowadays not regarded
too large; bubonic plague scare at Rio and
Santos, which ports have been since officially
declared free from this infection; abnormally
heavy and steady reduction in official figures
of the world's visible supply, the decrease since
October 1 amounting to 1,474,000 bags: and
lastly but not least, sentiment, which has
proven one of the strongest factors. There Is
no doubting now that prices went unwarrant
ably low, and with this ilrm platform as a basis
coffee could move in but one direction If given
only the slightest encouragement. The enor
mous decrease in visible' supply Indicates move
ment rather than consumption, and It will be
interesting to note at some future time how
much of this disappearance will make Its re
entry to be sold again. Locally, business has
been very active, but somewhat hampered by
the paucity In first hands of moderate priced
coffees, to which qualities the demand mainly
runs. In addition to the list of importers' sales
given below fully 10.OX) bags in the aggregate
have been turned over several times between
dealers. Low grades ore In great request and
relatively higher than any other description.
The markets close from steady to firm at the
advance.
"Stocks In first hands consist of 23 bags Costa
Rica, 53 Nicaragua. 2271 Salvador. 8458 Guate
mala and 2671 Mexican; In all 13.479 bags, as
against 9163 bags same time last year."
We quote
Costa Rica— l4H l S'l6c for prime washed; 12
@14c for good washed; — @15c nominal for good
to prime washed peaberry; — 'TJllc nominal for
good to prime peaberry; — <Jfl2c nominal for
good to prime; S@loc nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; S^itWjc nominal for
fair: — <s"?ic nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— loH® He for good to prime washed;
9%@9%c for fair washed; Ilt?:l2c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9^4@loHc for good to
prime semi-washed; 9H@loc for superior un
washed; 9V«(S9Hc for good green unwashed;
— @10Hc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 6@7%c nominal for common to ordi
nary.
Nicaragua — 14@16Hc for prime to fancy
washed: 9msllc for fair to good washed: 9^
9%c nominal for good to superior unwashed:
ICkJJIOHc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l4@l7%c for prime
to fancy washed; 12@13MiC for strictly good
washed; 10$@ll%c for good washed; 9V4^loHc
for fair washed; S'i@9V«c for medium; 6®Sc for
Inferior to ordinary; 11513 c for good to prime
washed peaberry; lOSIOHc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 9@9^c nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUART I.
Flour, qr sks 54.955 Hay, tons 852
Wheat, ctls 54,750 Alfalfa Seed sks 6
Barley, ctls 3,350 Pelts, bdls 169
Butter, ctls 194 Hides, No 1.007
Cheese,' ctls 179 Wine, gals 88,600
Tallow, ctls 20 Leather, rolls ... 205
Beans, sks 25; Sugar, bbls 47S
Potatoes, sks .... 1,133; Lime, bbls 91
Bran, sks 1,870 Eggs, dox 14,700
Middlings, sks .. 37i Pelts, bdls 89
Sugar, sks 400 Raisins, bxs 65
Hops, bales ..... 19 Potatoes. Or. sks 26
Straw, tons 41
COMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SAIF"
£* fe &
EXTRAORDINARY
HIOH-CLASS RACE HORSES IN TRAlNixrv
(A chance to get a ready-made racehorse \
Comprising
SATSUMA. DR. BERNAY3, S73\Ria
WHITCOMB. TOM CP.OMV, ELL. BLOoui.Na
CHANCE. CTRIL^^ CORE.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY FEB. 9, 1000.
At 12 m.. at thm
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
<In the Paddock.>
Catalogues now ready.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Successors to Kill!? A Co.
Livestock Auctioneers. 1132 M irk»t »r.
and then the number tfen Is subtracted from
the depth clven by the charts. The plans of
r»fer»nc» Is the mean of the lower low watery
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgrapblc Office. C. 8. N.. M«r
ehants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
February 8. 15CO. .
The time Dail on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlr.r was dropp*d at exactly noon to-<!ay—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 1
o'clock p. to.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 3. X.. tn chare».
ARRIVED.
Tharsday. February 1
Btmr Gt Paul, Hayt. 33 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 1.- ; -i days (Hongkong 22 days).
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 64 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Alcca, Jorprensen, 31 hours from Cres-
Stmr Pomona, Alexander. €1% hours from San
Diero. etc. _ -
.Stmr Point Arena, Haasen, 20 hours from
Mendocino. .¦-•¦¦
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Eragg.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 24 hours frora Monterey
and way i/orts.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 24 hours frora Eureka.
U S stmr Philadelphia, Reiter. 2 days froia
San Dleco.
Schr Alice Cooke. Panhal!ow..-1T days frora
Honolulu. -
Schr John A Camsben, Smith. 7 Says from
Tacoma. _.
Schr Orient. Sanderi. 4 days from Wl'.lapa
Schr Guide. Olsen. 3 days from Coos Bay.
• Thursday, February 3.
Stmr City of Sydney, Plllsbury. Panama, etc;
P M S S Co.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins A Co.
Ger ship Theodor, Arfmann. Queenstown;
Balfour. Uuthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, February L
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr City of Sydney. PUlsbury. Pasusa, eto.
Stmr Conemaugh. Roberts. Manila, via Hilo.
Stmr Slicnal. Bendexard. Seattle.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.
Chil ship Hlndostan, Welsh, Caiedra.
Fr bark Noeml. Beauregard. Hull.
Schr Dora Steward. Steward, sealing cruise.
Schr Reliance, Johnson. .
NEW TORJC. Feb. *.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,493 barrels; exports, 5718; advanced about 6c
on the early rise In wheat, but closed un
settled at old asking prices, with buyers
checked; Minnesota patents, J3 85®4 15; Min
nesota bakers', J2 65ff3; winter low grades,
13 25@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 65.800 bushela; exports,
21,974; spot No. 2 red, 76%0 elevator: No. 2
red, 78% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, So%c afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 81% c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened steady but quiet, soon afterward de
veloping positive strength on much higher
Paris markets, coupled with less favorable
crop conditions In France and our own winter
wheat belt. Demand was brisk for local and
foreign account until afternoon, when realiz
ing set in and prices eased off. Closed easy
at unchanged prices to %c net advance. March,
76%fi77c, closed at 76Hc; May. 74T4@75%c, closed
at 74T4c; July, 74«4®75 7-16 c. closed at 74%.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER— Steady to firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— CIosed firm, with prices 25 to 35
points net higher. Total sales 37,000 bags. In
cluding March, |7 15@7 35; May. $7 4007 65;
June, $7 50; July, 17 46@7 65; August, J7 60®7 60;
October, J7 55; December, $7 7(Xg7 90. Spot cof
fee—Rio firmer; No. 2 Invoice, B%c; No. 7 Job
bing, B*ic. Mild, firm; Cordova, 10@13%0.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; held higher; fair re
fining, 4c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Hc; molasses
sugar. 3*; *g3 13-16 c; refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5555 packages; steady;
June creamery, 19@23Hc; Western creamery,
21(g26c; factory. 16@19c.
EGGS— Receipts. 8932 packages; firm; West
ern, 15(?15Hc, loss oft; Western ungraded at
mark, ]3@lsc.
DRIED FRUITS.
There was a moderate demand for evapo
rated apples to-day and the market showed a
tolerably steady undertone; buyers absorbed
all offerings, which were very liberal. Country
advances about met expectations. California
dried fruits were fairly active and about
steady, with no material change In quotations.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
EQ6c; prime. 6*i@6}*o; choice, 7@7&c; fancy.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H®7Hc
per pound as to sizes and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13®15c; Moorpark, 16@lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. lS&22c; unpeeled, 7&@9e.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— Business In the local
market was slow all day and prices about
unchanged In all departments, with the ex
ception of tin. The latter metal was firmer,
following an additional uplift in the London
market. News from the West was pretty
thoroughly In line with local expectations. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants very dull.
COPPER— Lake, easier at $16 25.
TlN— Dull at $30.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 70 bid and $4 80
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 25.
CHICAGO, Feb. B.— Breadth, strength and
animation were shown by the wheat market
and foreign buying, caused by further reports
that the French crop had suffered severely,
was the feature. Paris was up equal to 2c
a bushel here and was reported taking all
offers made over night. The Irresponsive at
titude of Liverpool to the advance here yes
terday had a discouraging effect early. May
opening Vie lower at 6S'A@6BV6c. A reaction
followed by reason of the prediction of a
severe cold wave, the better tone of later
Liverpool cables and the French advices. May
was bid up to 69>4@69>4c. There had been talk
of considerable export business, but New York
reported only eleven loads taken, which caused
some Helling, which, combined with vigorous
profit-taking by traders, resulted In a reaction
which sent May to 68V4c, at which that option
cloned firm, but only a shade over yesterday.
The corn market was strong and trade fairly
active. May cloned %@Uc improved at 33% c.
The oats market was firm, but not active.
May closed unchanged at 23% c.
Provisions were very active and proportion
ately strong, pork at the best being up 12%@
17% c, lard 5c and ribs 10c. A recession from
the top was csused by profit-taking. lla)
pork closed 7%c higher; May lard 2hc higher
and May ribs 7HSIOc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 66H 66H €6% 66^
May 6S*i 6SV 4 68>4 68H
July 69K 6334 69 69*
Corn No. 2—
February 81H S\% 31H 31»i
May 83$ i 33^ 53% 83%
July , 34y 4 34ft S4Vi 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 23% 23% 23%
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, r>er barrel —
May 1115 1130 1115 1120
July 1125 11 27^ 1125 U 25
Lard. Der 100 pounds —
May 6 15 6 20 6 15 6 17H
July 6 25 6 30 6 25 6 25
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 02% 6 12H 6 02^4 610
July 6 05 6 15 6 05 6 10
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firmer; No. 2 red, 70@71c; No. 2 corn, 32%©32Hc;
No. 2 oats, 23%<g23»ic; No. 2 white. 25};@26c;
No. 3 white. 2jU@26c; No. 2 rye. 64@55}4c: No.
2 barley, 3S@43c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 60; prime
timothy seed, J2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $10
©11 10; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 90®6 07V4; short
ribs sides (loose). J5 $<)<BG 15; dry salted should
ers (boxed), b\>3tc; short clear Bides (boxed),
»6 15Q6 25; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon. U 23H.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 61.000 47.000
Wheat, bushel! 31.000 70.000
Corn, bushels 606,000 157,000
Oats, bushels 258.000 172.000
Rye, bushels 2,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 66,000 6,000
On the- Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. 19©24Hc; dairy,
18<522c. Cheese, firm; 12ffl3c. K^gs, weak;
fresh, 12tfc.
Flour-p
8
Steamer.
From.
I Duo.
State of Cal Portland Feb. 3
Alameda Sydney Feb. »
Tlllamook Tlllaraook Bay Feb. »
Czarina Puset Sound Feb. 9
O. w. Elder ... Portland....'. Feb. 9
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 10
Willamette Seattle Feb. 10
Navarro Humboldt Feb. 10
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 10
gunol Grays Harbor Feb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. U
Queen Victoria & Puyet Sound Feb. 11
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Feb. 11
Matteawan ....ITacoma Feb. 13
Corona San Dleuo Feb. 12
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bontta Newport Feb. 14
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 14
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 15
Point Arena ... Point Arena Feb. 13
Pomona San Diego Feb. IS
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 18
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Putet Sound Feb. 16
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
Pier.
_____ ___ — j _
Humboldt .Alaska... Feb. 9. 2pm Pier 13
Nip. Maru. China & Japan Feb. 9. Ipm PMSS
Aloha Crescent City. Feb. 9. 4pm Pier 2
San Pedro . Humboldt Feb. 9, «pm Pier 13
Volumnla .. Europe Feb. 9, lOam|Pler 7
Newburs .. Grays Harbor Feb. 10. 6pm I Pier 8
Pomona .... San Diego Feb. 10. 11 am] Pier 11
Samoa HumbolUt Feb. 10. 10 am Pier 13
U mat 111 a ... Vie & Pirt Sd. Feb. 10. 10 am P'.er 9
North ForkjH-mboldt Feb. 10. 9am Pier 2
Pt Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. Feb. 10. 2pm Pier 1
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 13
State of Call Portland Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay. ..'Newport [Feb. 12, 9am Pier 11
Orizaba ....IHumboldt | Feb. 13. 2pm Pier 9
Cleveland ..lKahulul |Feb. 13, 12 m
Corona San Dleico |Feb. 14. 11am Pier 11
Coqullle ... Grays HarborfFeb. 14.
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 15, 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 16. 9am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 21
Steamer.
From.
I Duo.
State of Cal Portland Feb. 3
Alameda Sydney Feb. »
Tlllamook Tlllaraook Bay Feb. »
Czarina Puset Sound Feb. 9
O. w. Elder ... Portland....'. Feb. 9
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 10
Willamette Seattle Feb. 10
Navarro Humboldt Feb. 10
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 10
gunol Grays Harbor Feb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. U
Queen Victoria & Puyet Sound Feb. 11
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Feb. 11
Matteawan ....ITacoma Feb. 13
Corona San Dleuo Feb. 12
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bontta Newport Feb. 14
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 14
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 15
Point Arena ... Point Arena Feb. 13
Pomona San Diego Feb. IS
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 18
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Putet Sound Feb. 16
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
Pier.
_____ ___ — j _
Humboldt .Alaska... Feb. 9. 2pm Pier 13
Nip. Maru. China & Japan Feb. 9. Ipm PMSS
Aloha Crescent City. Feb. 9. 4pm Pier 2
San Pedro . Humboldt Feb. 9, «pm Pier 13
Volumnla .. Europe Feb. 9, lOam|Pler 7
Newburs .. Grays Harbor Feb. 10. 6pm I Pier 8
Pomona .... San Diego Feb. 10. 11 am] Pier 11
Samoa HumbolUt Feb. 10. 10 am Pier 13
U mat 111 a ... Vie & Pirt Sd. Feb. 10. 10 am P'.er 9
North ForkjH-mboldt Feb. 10. 9am Pier 2
Pt Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. Feb. 10. 2pm Pier 1
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 13
State of Call Portland Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay. ..'Newport [Feb. 12, 9am Pier 11
Orizaba ....IHumboldt | Feb. 13. 2pm Pier 9
Cleveland ..lKahulul |Feb. 13, 12 m
Corona San Dleico |Feb. 14. 11am Pier 11
Coqullle ... Grays HarborfFeb. 14.
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 15, 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 16. 9am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 21Temple Emanu-El Services.
Divine services at Temple Emanu-El
commence this evening at 8 o'clock. Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger will give the lecture. Sub
ject: "Can the World Be Converted to a
Common Religious Faith?" The public Is
cordially Invited to attend.
t HOME STUDY COURSE ±
? ~~ ¦ ?
"?- in.— BECENT SCIENTIFIC -*-
?; discoveries. J
Published Wednesdays in The X
•?- San Francisco Call. Begin- -?•
ning Wednesday, Februaiy >
21, 1900. >
? ? ?•
•?- The world has been startled dur- 4.
¦*¦ Ing the last few months with some >
*" remarkable scientific discoveries -<?
"?" known to the public as "Wireless "f
¦?" TelegTaphy." "Color Photo^ra- "?"
¦*" phy." "Liquid Air." etc. These ~t
¦?" will be presented in a popular way
"?" by Professor William J. Hopkins -+¦
"?" of Drexel Institute. Among the >
¦?¦ subjects to be discussed in this se- -f.
¦?" ries are the following:
¦?-. L Wireless Telegraphy.
-?¦ 2. High Speed Telegraph Systems. +
¦?¦ 3. Pnotography In Colors. .«,
¦f 4. Liquid Air. Z_
4- 5. Dark Lightning. _T
-*- 6. Moving Pictures. ~T
"t" 7. Process Engraving. T
8. Submarine Boats,
i 9. The New Gases.
And others which are especially T
-f Interesting either because of nov- T
+ elty or because of practical use- +
-f fulness. -4^
/^^Dr.Oibbon'sDispensary, TUPPTTT V PIT t
gßFjLain I "» » lor the treatment of Private V| I, I,l\ I / I \lfl I / I /
ffilk OT Wsea.<e».Lfwt>UnhfHKl lability or 11 \J \J \\]J X VJLLJL/JL/
Sffiß«Bl)''l v ase»7«*arlnsroiibo<lyindmln(la2d f ¦*-• "*^ -*-^-»* -»-•
VBB^fVTI skln DtaeaßHa.'l'hodfjrtnrrnrp^whPti
33CmmF1 others fail. Try him. VhA:z.i><i\ov?.-
SftSe^aJ* ur*-»i;nmranl^eU. C^lorwrl:^ Cl rif»P Vffll»
l*r. J. *. OIBIJO.\. Box 1337, saa VtAAi^n. V* fiWl * VCU •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC REVENUE.
Statement of Expenses and Earnings
for a Half Year.
The earnings and expenses of the South
ern Pacific Company for the half year
from July 1. 1539, to January 1, 1900. have
been tabulated and show the .most pros
perous period of the company's existence
The gross earnings reach J33,C«».000
showing an increase of $4,000,000 over a
like period in any preceding year. The
operating expenses figure at $20,000,000, an
increase »f $2,600,000 over those of last
year. The earnings in excess of operating
expenses are $12,300,000, an increase of
$2,200,000 over last year.
TEN -HOUR SHIFTS ALL BIGHT
Decision of Judge Heacock on the
Navy Yard Cases.
T.*nlted States Court Commissioner Hca
cork yesterday dismissed the case of the
United States seainst the Atlantic. Gulf
and Pacific Company, charg-ed with vio
lating the Federal eight-hour law.
The evidence was that the defendants
had a contract with the Government to
remove a lanr* scow that had been filled
with earth and rock and sunk at Mare
Island as the foundation for a Ujrhthous**
The scow was in the way of the work of
building the new drydock. The d^fend
"ants worked two fhifte of men of ton
hours each, and put In the defense trat
if they, did not work the shifts ten hours
jkt day they would be unable to com
plete their contract, because the other
contractors would build around them ani
t-hut them out. This fact, they claimed,
made th*> work cne of emergency.
The Comrcip-sioner decided that the work
was one of emergency and discharged the
defendants.
When United States Attorney Coombs
hoard what bad been done h« proclaimed
h!» Intention of bringing a test case be
fore United States District Judge -In
Haven through an Indictment by the
Federal Grand Jury of one of the other
contractors at Mare Island for a similar
offense. Mr. Cocmbs said that the emer
srency mentioned in the Federal statute
¦was an emergency authorized by the Gov
ernment, and that the Intention of the
law traa not to allow the contractors to
be the Judges whether a work was one
cf eraerKescy or ont.
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cossectiso Tsais Leaves Sax Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday aad
saturday. arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
p vnoFct P> m. with Palace and Tonnst
n * 11 v "^ for Kansas City, St. Lents,
DAILY • Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLCY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tulare nr»*n
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•FDKrft • Market Street, Phone Main
TKISCU aUUiN 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way ; Sacramento, 201 J Street ; Saa Jose, 7 West
Saata Clara Street.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
turn SIS WISCISM— fj»t sf larkil Strnl (SU> D—
•7:13 9.00 11:00*.*. 11^3 '2:51 13:3
•4:C3 JS:C3 -tiZZr.*.
fTflßollUl>— rMl«rßruitsiT.— *B:Co 8:00 10:09 A.M.
¦ tU:C3 »I:C3 t»:S3 »3:;3 t4:C3 'S^rji.
COAST niTISIOS (DroadGmsge).
(Third and Townaetnl Sta.>
¦ («<>•* Oe«aa View. Booth tUa inaeiaeoT. t«ua«si
•7:00* Saa Jc»« »".l W»y Stati«us <X«w
f Alm*deu VTedoe«l»j» only) *IiSW
¦•»!«•* Ban Jo»«. Ties Pluos, Hiuit* Cms.
Paeiilo tirove. I'aan Robica. San
s I.vi* Obtopo, Snrf. Lompoe aad
Prlndpsi W«y Stations *ti|«s>
•I»il«« oaa Josea»l Way .StaUons *«:3»4 .
•Iliao* Saa Jr«« and Way Sutious. *3i3Oa>
«»i«3r Baa Uatro, Redwood. Menlo Pirf. .
' Palo Alto, SanU Clara. M*i> Jose,
Trsa Pmoa. SanU Cms. BU-'inaa,
Mcaterey ami Vteita Gr0v5...... f I*>:.l#*.
"t«tS«p Saa Jose aad Way Btatlons *7:30»
f4«l3pPan Jo!>e»n.l Principal WsyStatlntii *9:13t
43t00r Saa Jose aad Principal Wl7 Stations ?*.>:O"k
?¦1:30? 3an Jcse %n-l Principal Way SUtlcos •¦t;3-1*
*«:3Or San Jose and WayStatinns t"« : oo^
t11;4.1p San Jcse and Way Station *7»30y
A for Morale i P (cr Afternoon.
* Daily. t luiuHr exeepted. I 3«nday oaiy.
. b Satarday oaiy.
sad Fridays.. • Thursdays and Ssmdara..
RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Tituroa Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEK
! WEEK DAYB — 7^o. 3^)o. U:00 a- m.: 11:0,
i 1:60. 5:10. 8:10 p. m. Thursdar*— Extra trl9
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios at I:*>
! acd 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-!*. »:». 11 a. m.; IM, ld«.
: 6:00. <:M P. ra.
SAN RATAEt TO BAN FRANCISCSO.
I WEEK DAYS— <:W. 7:50. »:M. 11:10 a. m.; 13:« S.
! 1:40. 6:10 p. m. Baturdays— Extrm trips at liii
and 1:13 p. m.
EUNDavs— «:lo. 9:40. 11:13 a. a.; 1:40, f.ttt, »M.
8 :25 p. rfl.
Between San Francisco acd Scnu-tien Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave . ArrlT»
Ban Fraßclsco. la EJCect Saa Fraaclsco.
1 October 15. .
Week ( Sun- 1339. : Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination, days. Days.
T:Joara 8:00 am NoTato. 10:43 ami 8:44 ar\
a:S9pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. i:iZ pm 10:35 a.m
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pmf 4:23 pm ¦
Fulton. I
T:3O ajs Windsor. 19 'J& am
Eealdaborc.
Lytton.
Oeyservllls.
I^o pm Brf» am CloTerdale. 7:C pm t:O pm
7:10 ami IHopland and) I
[ g:CO ami UkUh. I I:3S pmf *:tS ym
7:20 am 110:23 am
8:00 am OuernevUle. 7:35 pal
2:30 pm f «:C pm
7:30 am 8:00 ass j Sonoma 10:40 ami %:i) ia
I and I
5:13 pm S:M pmt Glen EII»a. «:C5 pm| fr«2 pa
7-30 am! 8:00 am) SeoastopoL 110:40 am!l3::S am ;
1:30 pm l 5:00 pro! [ ?:Spa! »:a pm
Stages connect at Saata Rosa for Mark West
Sorlnrs aad White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
fU Lytton Sprlnirs: at OeyserrHle for Slo«i
EprlEgs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprlnrs. Highland Sprtcsrs.
KelseyvHl". Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
cert and Bartlett Springs; at Uklaa for \lcay ;
Borings, Saratora Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. Joba Day's. Riverside. Llerleys. ;
Bucknell's. Saabedrta Heights. HullvlUe, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Mendodno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Csal. WUllta. Laytonville. Cum-
tnlrga'*. Bell's Springs. Harris. OUen's. Dyer.
Ecctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rooad trip tickets ax re-
duced rates.
Oa Sunday ronsd trip tickets to all points
beyond Saa Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. (50 Market it.. Chronicle bid?.
H. C WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RfILiFORNiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
Dental Club Elects Officers.
OAKLAND. Feb. B.— The Oakland Den
tal Club has elected the following officers:
George H. Carlton, president: H. G. Chap
pel, vice president; O. R. Van Aroriarge.
secretary; W. F. Lewis, treasurer. Prior
to the election last night a banquet wa&
given by the club at the Hotel Metropole.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MI'THXB^ P4«iriC COJinil.
(PACiriC STTTSX.>
Tisil— 1*» •*• nitti »r«> •!•••• lv arrlt* »i
MAX t-|t.t.M-|SC«>.
(3faia LLie. Foe« of Market Street.)
SCATTERED HIS
GOLD TO THE
FOUR WINDS
Jones' Fortune Was
but a Shadow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 8.
The death of William P. Jones of Ala
meda a few days ago revealed a peculiar
state of his finances. His estate was val
ued at about $30,500, while it was supr>osed
that he was nearly a millionaire. He was
president of the Oakland Home Insurance
Company, at one time a wealthy corpora
tion, and he was interested in many en
terprises, some of which were success
ful, and some not. This gave him the
reputation of being very wealthy, but it
would seem that these very enterprises
were the cause of the loss of a large sum
of money. Through an ever readiness to
assist friends in financing their schemes
he lost at least one fortune. - •¦"•" • ••
Jones was a pioneer. He crossed the
plains in '4S and for many years was em
ployed as superintendent with the Bel
iir.gham Bay Coal Company at an exec
tionally liberal salary. He was frugal ki
his ha&its and economical, and he soon
amassed a fortune. He invested in real
estate, adding to his riches, and when he
came to Oakland in 1579 he was worth at
least $150,000.
Here he was one of the founders of the
Oakland Home Insurance Company and
was made its president, a position he re
tained for fourteen years. When the
company went up in I«S4 about $00,000 of
Jones' money went with it.
Previous he had been one of the heavy
lnsers in Consolidated Virginia stocks.
Just how much he dropped In these he
never confided to even his closest friends,
but it was estimated at 130.000 at the least.
Early in the 'SO's he invested about
So"**) in an enterprise known as the Went
worth Boot and Shoe Company. This
proved a losing venture, as did also $6000
placed in the Oakland Glass Works. Be
sides Jones was a loser to the extent of
about $25,000 in the French Bank failure
some twenty-five years ago. In each In
stance he invested on the recommenda
tion of supposed wise friends.
A few years ago Rev. Albert T. Per
kins, then rector of Christ Church. Ala
meda. discovered a method of preserving
fruits In transit. He resigned his rector
ship and devoted his entire attention to
the enterprise and the International
Transit line was formed. In it Jones sunk
$10,000. and among the listed worthless as
sets of the estate Jones holds a note for
$4»J made by Perkins, who has since
passed to the great beyond. In the same
category are found numerous other notes
for greater or lesser amounts which
perhaps will never be realized on. And
what was left of the wreck he bequeathed
to Mrs. Susan Lanktree. who had been as
a mother to him through his last twenty
one years.
IMPRISONED IN
BURNING WRECK
Terrible Accident on a
Railroad.
«
NINE PERSONS WERE KILLED
HRZE MISSING AND FIVE
SERIOUSLY HURT.
Rescuers Work Heroically but Are
Unable to Extricate Victims and
the Bodies Are Consumed
by the Flames.
ESCANABA. Mich.. Feb. ?.— The Chl
<-;r--> and Northwestern passenger train
known as the Felch Mountain accommo
oatron. which runs between this city and
Metropolitan, was wrecked in a rear-end
collision at Ford River switch at 6:30
./clock to-night. Nine persons were killed,
three are reported missing:, five seriously
and four f lightly injured. The dead:
W. R. HILL. Escar.aba, baggageman of
the accommodation train.
WILLLVM DILLON. Escar.aba, brake
rr.ar, of the accommodation train.
MISS SEYMOUR. I>elta County. Michi-
CHARLES MARTIX. Escanaba, civil
GEORGE R. BLACK. Escanaba, civil
erjr.-eer.
SAM GREEN. Negaune*. agent of the
Vpper Peninsular Brewing Company.
i'wo unknown men.
I'nknown woman, body charred beyond
recognition.
The injured Include: B. W. Brown. Es
canaba. cedar merchant, believed to be
fatally injured; Mrs. Seymour, burned and
ir.iemally injured; Theo D. Ford, Hard
wood. Mien., fatally injured; Richard
Iloberts. Escanaba, conductor of accom
modation train. l*g smashed.
Thn^e pasyer.pers are reported to be
rr.iffing. ar.d their bodies are supposed to
be under the burning wreckage, but their
names could not be ascertained.
The sast freight train was making about
fifty miles an tour, forging ahead -through
a blinding snowstorm, which made it i»n
poeslble to see the signal lights ahead.
When within 1*) yards of the switch at
Fcrd River Er.gineer Green s*w the rear
lights cf a train directly ahead ar.d with
a warning cry to his fireman. Jumped.
The r.ext ir.stant the heavy freight struck
tfce passenger coach of the accommoda
tion and telescoped it and the baggage car
ahead. The dozen or' more passengers
in the cstr had not a moment's warning
before the crash came and a moment later
the cries of the injured could be heard
shove the hiss of escaping eteam and
crackle of the tlanies which soon envelop
"(l the wrecked cars and made the work of
rescue doubly hard. As fast as the In
jured passengers were removed they were
taken to a store a short distance away
«rtUl« th« train crew fousht desperately.
assisted by the uninjured passengers, to
fit} control of the f.re. which threatened
the destruction of the wreck.
A relief train was sent fern this city to
the scer.e of the disaster. Immediately
upon Its arrival the work of rescue was
rushed with renewed energy and at ID
o'clock it was announced that all the in
iured had been removed. But the bodies
of the three unknown dead ar.d two
train n:en are still pinced fast in the
bw&Sss baggage car, all effort to reach
then fcavirg proved futile.
ROYAL ARCH CHAPTER
OFFICERS INSTALLED
OAKLAND, Feb. B.— The newly elected
officers of Oakland Chapter No. 36. Royal
Arch Masons, were Installed last evening:
by Grand High Priest Lorln L. Jones as
follows: Most excellent high priest. Wll
laxd Forsythe Williamson; most excellent
king. Dr. Frank Reeves Woolsey of
Berkeley; most excellent' scribe. William
Robert Hume; treasurer. Frank Howard
Brooks; secretary, George H. Smith; cap
tain of the host, Sir Rodolph Wallace
Meek; principal sojourner. Fred Duane
Voorhles; royal arch captain, Charles J.
Heeseman; master third vale, Welles
Whltmore; master second vale, James H.
Tavlor; master first vale. Frederick Leslie
BuVt; organist. William B. Ingersoll;
guard. Charles E. Gillett. M '-
The installation was followed by a ban
quet, at which covers for 200 were laid.
Past Hisrh Priest F. E. H. Morgan, on
behalf of the chapter, presented the re
tiring hij?h priest. A. H. Merritt, with a
past high priest Jewel.
Reunion at Irvington.
Farmers' Institute.
SpeclaT Dispatch to The Call
MARYSVILLE, Feb. B.— The citizens of
Live Oak, twelve miles north of here, have
arranged for a Farmers' Institute in their
town on the 24th instant. Three sessions
will be held. Professors Fowler and Jaffa
of the ajerricultural department of the
State University will address the meet
tngg-
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RfM-WAY
L«are San Firanclsco via Sausallto ferry.
Week days 9:39 a. m. and 1:45 p. ra.
Sundays S:0O. 10:00 a. m. and I:i3 p. m.
Eteam-beated closed car on all trlans.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
II 40. ¦ '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sansalito Fcrrr.
Commetictss October 1. 1333.
FROM BAM FRANCI3CO TO MILK. VAI^ET
AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— *7:OO. •9:30. U:0O a- m.: n:U.
*l:40. 5:13. «:fS). 1:30 B. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad Saa Ra-
facL on Mondays, WtdncadAya and Situniaj*.
at »:t») and 11:20 a m.
BUNDATS-»8:0O. 10:00, "11:10 a. el; 13S.
105. M:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qaentta.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT3—«:2S. »«:35. 1:45. *i:4d a. a.;
•U:3O. 1:15. 1:40. «5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TTUP3 oo Mondays. Wednesdiya aaj
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:13 p. o.
BUNDATS— 4:3O. *i:m. 10:00. *U:iS a. M.i
•1:40. 1:15. 4:43. •*:» ». m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Cnentta.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN *-ra.NCI3CQ.
WEEK DATS-«: 45. «:45. 1:55. »:45 •• n». :
U:JS, t:l5. 3:45. E:» p- m.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at I:C0 and 10:3 t. n.
SUNDAYS—?:**. 10:05 a. m.: 13:« S. SOS, 3:«.
1:00. 1:45 B. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way •tatloaa.
1:40 p. m. Satardays — Tontales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomaies and way stations
NO COURT STENOGRAPHER.
Judge Fritz Attempts to Take the
Evidence in a Felony Case in
Long Hand.
The dictum of Judge Carroll Cook that
Police Judges must in the absence of
a stenographer take the testimony in
locg-hand in felony cases was obeyed by
Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon in the
case of William Watson, engineer for tile
Southern Pacific Company, charged with
manslaughter. Watson wag In charge of
the specfar from San Jose Sunday morn
ing. January 14, which ran over and killed
Miss Rose Lawler at the crossing of Sev
enteenth and Harrison streets.
Tbe preliminary examination was set for
yesterday afternoon, but neither of the
court stenographers was available, and
rather than disappoint the witnesses the
Judge decided to proceed and take the
evidence in longhand.
Watson made a long statement detail-
Ing the circumstances leading to the ac
cident, which was practically a repetition
of his evidence at the Coroner's inquest
and the Judge laboriously took It down
word for word. Then he got tired and
gave up the Job, continuing the case till
next Tuesday, when he expressed thi»
hope that he would be able to procure the
services of a stenographer.
Deserted and Failed to Provide.
OAKLAND. Feb. B.— Desertion and fail
ure to provide are the grounds alleged In
a divorce suit filed to-day by Lucy Ellen
Maddocks against James Kemp Maddocks.
The wife asks for reasonable alimony.
Mlle. Trebelli's Farewell Concert.
Mile. Antoinette Trebelll's farewell con
cert at the Grand Opera-house yesterday
afternoon was a success of the most un
qualified kind. The large auditorium was
well tilled and the audience most enthusi
astic. Mile. Trebelli sang a number of
songs in which she had success at prior
recitals, and responded to several encores
with her accustomed graciousness.
The programme was varied and as In
teresting as all her programmes, have
been, ft began with "Vous Que Me
Fuyer." from Duvenoy*s "Helle." which
is one of the strongest things Mile.
Trebelli has sung. The "Laughing Song"
was given by request, and. of course, met
with the same enthusiastic approval that
has always greeted it.
•S<l3a Jfnrark. On ter»i:i<\£an Jose. Feltnn.
Boulder Creek, -Van uCmx *cl Way
Stations •SAI
ta<!3p Newark CeDterrtlle. Pin J s-. New
Almaden, Feltco. Ikixildet Creek.
Santa Cros and Principal Way
Btatloea fl»i»**
Mti.ipNffirark. Ban Joee. Lc» Gatoa. •8:2« a.
till Of Hnnten' Gxmsion. Saa Jot. ar.i
WayautiOTft r?»**»
Hussey Gets Three Years.
OAKLAND. Feb. B.— Thomas Hussey,
the young man who stole a $366 check
from a letter addressed to L. C. Smith, at
Alameda, was to-day sentenced to three
years' imprisonment in Folsom by Judge
Greene.
OTAST I>l Vl ¦.!()•»¦ (Narrow t.a«<o.r.
(Fcot rt Market Street.)
Rev. Dr. Dodson Will Lecture.
ALAMEDA. Feb. B.— Rev. George R.
Dodson will address the Teachers' Club
to-morrow evening. His subject will be
"Masterpieces of Art In the Great Galler
ies of Europe." The lecture will be held
at N'eilson's art studio In the Methodist
Church block.
u*ts — Tilok Dbcsubxb XX 1339. — AJUtrrs
•TtOO*. Becktv Sabao. Tirr+r*., VicarlUe,
Baajerasd Sacraaento "?:43p
•7x«» a Sauta Ei?r»s*-DiTX Wl^jwj,
E*l BluaT Periled «7:43»
*7x3*a Martinez, aan lUmca.Villeio. S»r».
Callatcs^ac'lßanta Ensa *«:1."»^
*S>3«* Tho Or«rUr.<l Limited— Ozden. Dea.
f er. Otaaiia, Chla+i •3tl-1>
*SiS*a 3*: i Jose. LtTertaore. rttocktow.
lone. ftacraiKestc. P!acrrrUe.
M»nr»»ll!», Chico. 1W I.Iii:! Milip
«HS«* canton. Oxkiliie ao<J rtaicn Mil.Tr
?OtOO* Haywsrla. NiJea and Way .Ht»«nn«. • I I»I3*
*»:O«* H*i\£, n'oodlacd. Knight* LAodisg.
ilxrysTi:.*. t;r>T:;:,v *?:!3p
•9:««» AtlacUs Kijtm*— Osdea and Eu* •'J.lZ*
•»jO«\ Martinez, Trie?. Lathrop. Stoekson.
Mere-1 »a«i Frenao. »iatl3»
•»i««a Pert Cost*. Freaaoi Mojar. anil Lo»
Aazela. *9:43r
• 10:00 1 VaUejo, Mart!nex and Way S -at ton •«: l.tp
•1 1 :OO\ Uipruia, yilea ard Way Sutiooa. *2: iif
•li:«on KUea. Litenaor?. £tock:on, Haen>
mento. Mendotv, UmaloKi. VUaUa,
rciterrtllo •««•»¦
f li«dp Saerazaento lU»e» 3t««met» t*<:Oft»
•3:OOp Haywarda. Xiles and Way Sutlooa. *3: >13»
•4:..p UartioM. Bau lUmon. Vallajo.
Napa. C»Hitos(» SauU Rosa •»¦ I •"» *
•«i.«r B^nlcix V»c»Ti:!». Sacram«ntQ,
Woodland. Knishta leading.
MarysrUle. Orin;> *l«: 43«
MiSOv^Qea. Saa JnaeacdStocktoo *?i!3v
••«••* Tb« Oirt limited— Tracy. Fresno
Bakersfleld. S-iuju (or Saata U u>
ban.Jrs AnjcJen. *H»t43*
«3<oor Earaet lixited— £l Paao. Sew Or-
Icacsaad Eist '. «l*M3«
•Oi3Or Stockton. Merceil. Fneao •VA:t3r
•3>3Op Ticsuow l^kersfielO. Paiita n »r' *r j.
Lea Augclea. Ixerr.ia?. £1 Puo.
New Orleans and East »*i«34
*3i3op Ranta To lUmle— AUat>Ua Exprna
tot Mo,'ii*» ami Ea.it •¦««.¦»?
*BtvwT Haywaxds, Nile* aod Ban Jose •754-i4
t«:»or Vallejo »12i13p
•«i3«»r Oriental Maa-OgtJen and Rut •*-.*•*
t7<«or ViMelj. Pott Costa and Way Sta-
tions. :»:33P
•MUf Orcacaaad CaUfcraJa Kipre«i.Hac.
ramentn. Mirjvi>. I".-' ''„.
r<ut'»n<l. Tugft 5.u..,,t ai..| i:».i> M.l 3*
LENA SCHNEIDER WEDS
HENRY PETER SCHNEIDER
ALAMEDA, Feb. S.— Miss Lena Schnei
der and Henry Peter Schneider were mar
ried this evening at the home of the
bride's parents, 2025 Clinton avenue, by
Rev. A. Hazerodt of the German Lutheran
Church. •
An interesting fact In conneetioa with
the affair is that the bride and groom be
came lovers in Germany. Miss Schneider,
•while on a visit to relatives in the father
land two years ago. met the young man
whose wife she became to-night.
It was love at first sight. Before the
departure for home of the young lady
their engagement was announced, and it
was agreed that as soon as the fiance
could adjust his affairs he would come to
California. He arrived a year ago and
now has a confidential position with a San
Francisco firm. No relationship existed
between bride and groom, although they
bore the same name.
The bridesmaid was Miss Julia Fjord
and the best man Peter Gayhart.
RArLROAD TRAVEL.
SENATE TAKES UP
FINANCIAL MEASURE
Allen of Nebraska Charges the Re
publicans With a Serious Breach
of Faith.
WASHINGTON, Feb. S.— Almost imme
diately after the Senate convened, to-day
diFC-ssioa of -the financial measure was
resigned. Allen cf Nebraska concluded
bia pp*-ech. charging the Republicans with
br^akinjr fa.:tn. with the President on bi
metallism' and systematically discrediting
the work of the International Bimetallic
Commission. Cockrell of Missouri also
addretsed the Senate on the financial bill,
making a technical analysis of the House
and Senate measures. He charged that
the Senate substitute contained the ini
tial movement toward the perpetuation of
•he national debt.
CONFIDENCE IN FRIEDRICH.
Prcnirient Citizens Say That Agent
3loyer Wade a Biased Report.
SEATTLE. Feb. S.— General R. A. Fried
r:ch. United States District Attorney for
Alaska, agains=t whom charges were made
before the Attorney General at Washing
ton, D. <-'.. by Secret Agent Mover, has
Btnee b«*-n elect e<3 president of the Alaska
Par Association. Resolutions condemn
ing the charge? and indorsing General
Friedrich will be adopted.
Among the latest advices from Alaska
:s the information that bankers and lead
ing citizens of Alaska, without regard to
party, are rallying to the support of the
District Attorney, and will send resolu
tions to the Attorney General in accord
ance With their actipn. Prominent citizens
rj Janeau, who met Moyer, charge him
with b«ing uncivil and with making a
biased report. It is reported that Unlte-1
States Commissioner Malcolm, at Juneau.
has «*nt his resignation to Senator Per
kins. " '
General Friedrich Is well known In Cali
fornia, and San Francisco and Alaxneda,
where he lived when appointed to his
Alaska position. Norman E. Malcolm,
against whom Moyer also made ch-ir^a.
is from San Jose and was once a member
of the California Legislature from Santa.
Clara County.
Booming Sacramento Valley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. $.— At a largely at
tended meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce held Wednesday evening there was
a lengthy and Interesting discussion as to
the most effective methods to be em
ployed in order to bring to the attention of
noroe seekws the advantages ana induce
ments offered by Yolo County, and to pro
mote the development of the resources
and the prosperity of the ccunty. As a
result of "the discutsion resolutions were
adopted urgir.g other counties and mu
nicipalities in the Sacramento Valley to
orjrar.ize chambers of commerce and
boards of trade to the end that there may
be concert of action in the matter of ad
v^TTifeirg and properly px*-s<»nting the ad
vartaevg and resources of the whole val
ley. Another resolution requests Will S.
Green. president of the Sacramento Val
!#•>• Development Association, to call a
convention to consist of delegates repre
senting paid counties to meet in Wood
land on the Cist of March.
WHAT IS BEST
AT THE ORPHEUM
THE SOHLKES are in their second
week at the Orpheum and Papinta is
In her third, yet between them they
do more to make the show worth
seeing than any cf the other factors or
actors of the current programme. They
should not be missed, for to see them Is
to be pleased in a more or less sensa
tional way, and that is the sort of thing
(sufficiently rare, it is true) that . man
agers are eternally endeavoring to afford
us. It does not make so much difference
If you should sleep through Mr. and Mrs.
Perkins Fisher's act. "The Half-Way
House," a sketch by Ezra Kendall. lhe
author, who, ty the way. is one of the
teenest and cleverest monologisrs In the
profession, has not done himself justice
n the skit, but rather an injury, for Ita
mixture of dullness and strained wit re
jects anvthine but credit unnn him.
Although the Fishers are the principal
features of the bill, they are in point of
fact its only weak spot. Of the others a
person named Michell does a varied negro
specialty with considerable originality and
more than ordinary humor.
The Sohlkes and Papinta, who as I re
marked are the biggest and best attrac
tions, are both assisted In their acts by
other people, who are as Important, or
more so. than the principals themselves.
In one case th<?y consist of a band of five
tiny niggerettes, who are very much In
evidence, even to their coffee-colored
peels, and in the other of a corps of in
visible electricians.
Madam Sohlke takes a very active part
In the general movement of things, and
her partner, a sort of human top, helps
out nobly. There is plenty of movement
In their act; In fact. It is all movement,
and when four little cocoanuts with brown
bodiea and limbs attached fall from four
unsuspicious looking palm trees and go
dancing over the stage to a cakewaik ac
companiment you simply. In the parlance
of the pave, have to give It to them.
To drop in at the Orpheum and see Pa
plnta's fire dancr and other terpsichorean
color schemes is well worth one's while,
and if you don't catch anything but the
biograph this week you will be repaid.
The view of the Gordon Highlanders in
fighting trim is simply a tremedous spec
tacle. These magniflrent men, marching
proudly and raising cheers from thos* who
see them only through the medium of an
electrical machine, is certainly one of the
wonders of whatever century this may l*e.
PORTER GARNETT.
News of the University.
BERKELEY, Feb. B.— Secretary E. E.
Newell of the San Jose Farmers' Ir-.stituts
has sent a set of resolutions to the agri
cultural experiment station of the Uni
versity of California thanking it for Its in
terest In the institute.
The Students' Congress win hold Its an
nt;ad banquet next Saturday evening at
the California Hotel, San Francisco. Th-*
guests of honor will be Professor Gayley,
Mr. Flaherty and members of the Carnot
debating team.
Tin Wedding Celebration.
ALAMEDA. Feb. B.— Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Noble celebrated their tin wedding
Tuesday night at their homa. 1524 Mozart
street. . An enjoyable evening was spent
by a large number of guests. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. S. P. Muller. Mrs.
George Squires.- W. F. Williams. Frede
rick Staule, Martin Madsen. Dr. William
Shipley, Mr. and Mrs. H, L. Madsen. Mrs.
George Obenaur Jr., Misses Grace and
Gertie Bullard, A. E. Shaw, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Nelson. Mr. and Mrs. P. Nelson. Misses
Mamie and Marguerite Delnlnger, Lule
Taft. Misses Mamie and Annie Hllde
brandt. Mary Nelson, Grace Noble,
Charles and Frank Shepard and W. Hllde
brandt.
ENDEAVOR CONVENTION
WILL BE HELD TO-DAY
Les Amis Club Dance Deferred.
OAKLAND, Feb. B.— The ball which was
to have been given by the Les Amis Club
at Klinkner Hall. Golden Gate, to-morrow
night has been postponed for a week. This
was caused by the death of Thomas Mc-
Menomy, a brother of James McMenomy,
the president of the organization.
STATE BOARD AFTER
UNLICENSED PHARMACISTS
OAKLAND. Feb. B.— The State Board of
Pharmacy has taken drastic measures to
ferret out persons wrongfully po'slng as
pharmacists and those who adulterate
drug 3. Samuel Waller, secretary of the
State Board, to-day swore to three com
plaints against Paul N. Handy, who con
ducts a drugstore at 1768 Seventh street
The misdemeanor charges are that Handy
is not a registered pharmacist; that he
sold sulphate of zinc and other poisons
without keeping a register or the name
and address of the purchaser; and lastly
that he willfully and maliciously juggled
and substituted drugs for the purpose of
adulteration. It is understood that a
number of other arrests will follow in
Oakland and San Francisco.
EDSON F. ADAMS
REPLIES TO THE
CITY COUNCIL
Legislators Drew His
Wrath.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Feb. 9.
Edaon F. Adams doesn't like the Oak
land City Council and the Oakland City
Council loses no love over Edson F.
Adams, if the wording of a resolution
adopted at the meeting last evening
means anything. Mr. Adams at that tim*
wanted to reply to the resolution, but was
denied the privilege. To-day he- wrote hi*
reply to the Council.-
The struggle was over the laying of &
sidewalk around some of Mr. Adams*
property. . First the walk was ordered,
ar.d then Mr. Adams asked permission to
do It himself. This is the resolution wblca
granted the permission: -
Resolved. That EAson F. Adams b«» and
he -la hereby granted permission to con
struct a bitumen sidewalk six feet wide on
the southerly side of Twenty-f jurth street.
between Cemetery Creek bridge and the
southerly line of Bay place. Neither the
passage of this resolution nor anything con
tained therein shall be construed as an ad
mission on the part cf this Council or of
the city of Oakland of private ownership of
the premises over which said sidewalk Is
to be constructed, or of the property abut
tins thereon.
This is the very tart letter seat by Mr.
Ontlemer.: In retard to my Detitloa to
lay a sid«walk on Twenty-fourth 9tre*t, I
will say that there seems to b«s great oppo
sltioa to our laying this walk la front c.i our
property. There seems to be a desirs on
the part of gome people to raak« it j. - - ...
that th« City Council Is forcing us to lay
thl» walk. The facts are. that Deoole liv
ing on Vemoa Heights requested ua to lay
this walk of about IK) feet. I petitioned
the City Council for permission to fill In
said sidewalk, which request was promptly
granted.
Being a deep fill and uncertain rrourid. tt
seemed advisable to let the- fill settle bef >r»
laying the walk. In the meantime the city
undertook proceedings under the general
street law to lay th» walk from "Webster
street and Oakland avenue. The time for
fllin* bids expired on October 30. 1339. Ov»r
seven weeka afterwani, on Decrabfr U,
1^39 I petitioned to lay this waik. and tf
permission had been granted the walk would
have been constructed over a month and a
half aro.
The provision proposed by th» City At
torney to be added to the resolution grant
ing me the right to construct this sidewalk.
which refers to the ownership of this land.
Is uncalled for aad unwarranted slander
against the title of this property. Respect
fully ETDSON* T. ADAM 3.
AGED MOTHER'S
PITIFUL PLEA
FOR HER BOY
Begged He Be Not
Sent to Folsom.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 8.
"Oh, my God! Judge. In mercy don't
send my boy to Folsom. Oh. not to Fol
som. He has always been a good boy
and I know he is not bad at heart."
Thla was the pitiful plea of the heart
broken mother of Frederick C. Dannaker.
who had pleaded guilty to a charge of at
tempted burglary and who was up before
Judge Greene to-day for sentence. And
having shriekted the words through the
courtroom the aged mother fell In a
SWOOn. ¦¦"'¦,'• : ;ii :
Before sentence was pronounced T. E.
Guther, John D. Adams and Mrs. Danna
ker each testified as to the previous good
character o| the* young prisoner. The
mother also declared that her son had
supported her ever since his father's
death two years ago and that he had al
ways been a good boy.
Judge Greene, while he felt sympathy
for the mother, declared the law must
take its course. McCoy and Downing, her
boy's accomplices in the attempted bur
glary of a local gun store, had each been
given five years' sentences. However. In
view of Dannaker's youth— he Is 23— and
the showing as to his previous good char
acter, the court made some allowance,
pronouncing his sentence as three years
at Folsom prison. As -the sentence was
pronounced Mrs. Dannaker made her piti
ful plea. She is poor and unable to pay
the fare as far as Folsom. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
VICIOUS FIGHT
OVER A REMARK
ABOUT A BRIDE
Weapons Were Drawn
in the Battle.
— ?
HAYWARD3. Feb. B.— An uncompli
mentary remark casually dropped and re
flecting upon a pretty bride of 15 sum
mers was the cause of an encounter be
tween two young men of Haywards, that
but for the timely Interference of friends
would have ended fatally.
Antone Laurence and Anthony Keiley
were the principals, and they have had
trouble before. Last Tuesday night Mi3s
Maggie Laurence became the bride of
"Tony" Silva. The wedding was well at
tended. John Silva, the groom's brother,
acted as beat man and Mrs. John Silva
was the maid of honor.
After the wedding and. the sapper the
guests, homeward bound, discussed the
wedding, and John Silva. it is said, in
speaking to Antone Laurence told him
that Kelley had made an uncompliment
ary remark about the bride.
Last nlsrht Laurence, becoming Imbued
with the idea that he ought to lick Keller,
both for what he is reported having said
as well as on general principles, salilrd
forth looking for him. He met Kelley en
the main street and a desperate fight en
sued. • Before friends could interfere
weapons were drawn, but, fortunately, no
one was damaged save the principal com
batants, who were welt used up.
BARN PARTY
AT "LOS PINOS"
OAKLAND, Feb. B.— "Los Plnoa." the handsome suburban horn* of Mr*.
Ynez Galindo, 5401 Telegraph avenue, will be the scene of a merry
"barn party" to-morrow evening. The affair has been planned by six
young gentlemen, who will act as hoets. and will first welcome the
guests in the drawing rooms of the Galindo residence and afterward conduct
them to the carriage house, where the dancing will be enjoyed and the sup
per served.
The second floor of the barn, which is the coachman's quarters, will be
utilized for dancing. Beneath in the coachroom the dancers will assemble
for refreshments at midnight. Music will be furnished by a string orchestra,
and the occasion promises to be a very delightful one. The originators of the
affair are J. Vincent Galindo. Francis R. Galindo, T. P. Milton. Clay
Emigh and R. T. Chestnut. The Misses Galindo will assist in making the
guests welcome.
Mackie Will Not Reply.
ALAMEDA, Feb. S.— Trustee Mackie
will not reply to the strictures made upon
him by City Clerk Lamborn. He con
tents himself with the statement that
they are "beneath contempt" and that he
will tell a whole lot more at the next
meeting of the Trustees about Lam
bora's and Expert Dyer's transactions
than has yet been made public.
IRVINGTON. Feb. B.— A unique recep
tion was given by Mrs. George Grinnell
of this place this afternoon In honor of
MRS. JOHN THRELFELL.
her mother, Mrs. John Threlfell. Mrs.
Threlfell is one of the early settlers of
this the oldest corner of Alameda County,
and only the original settlers of this place
were invited to the reception. ; -. r - "•
Mrs. John Threlfell Is 72 years of age,
and came across the plains. In 1554, with
her husband, she settled at old Washing
ton Corners, now Irvington. She had just
been married when she started on her ad
venturous trip across the continent, and
her wedding trip was made in a prairie
schooner across over 30UO miles of what
was then wilderness. In the party were
Mr. and Mrs. O. A. Rlx, who" also settled
at Washington Corners, and who attend
ed the reception this afternoon. *•-• t;
Mrs. Threlfell is one of the best known
residents of this section. Her husband
died about ten years ago. since which time
she has resided with her daughter, Mrs.
George Grinnell.
Refreshments were served, and the aft
ernoon was spent In talking of the experi
ences of early times In California and in
Washington Township. Those who were
present were: Mrs. John Threlfell, Mrs.
R. Threlfell, Mrs. Alfred Blacow, Mrs.
John Blacow. Mrs. H. Crowell, Mrs. A. B.
Montrose. Mrs. J. P. Walker. Mrs. J.
Morgan. Mrs, L. E. Osgood, Mrs. O. A.
Rlx and Mrs. George Grinnell.
Camera Club's Lecture.
ALAMEDA. Feb. S.— A lecture under the
auspices of the Alameda Camera Club will
be given at Lafayette Hall next Tuesday
evening by Professor Charles D. Perrlne
of Lick Observatory. The subject will be
"Some Celestial Pictures," and the lecture
will be illustrated with stereoptlcon
views. The programme will Include vocal
solos by Miss Florence Young and G. A.
Nlssen.
Gun Borrower Works Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Feb. S.— Two of Berkeley's
prominent citizens, George Schmidt and
William T. Such, have been bunkoed of a
gun apiece. The borrower used the same
methods as were employed by the oper
ator In San Francisco. In the cas<? »»f Mr.
Such one of his workmen loaned the gun
on the strength of the borrower's word.
The name of a friend was used and no
questions asked. An attempt was made
to get a gun from Dr. J. A. D. Hutton,
but without success. Several other fruit
less attempts were made to get guns.
OAKLAND, Feb. B.— The Interior of tho
First Presbyterian Church has been elab
orately decorated for th© annual conven
tion of the Alameda County Christian En
deavor Union, which will be- held there
to-morrow.
The afternoon session begins at 4 o'clock
and the principal paper will be by C. F.
Baker on the subject of "A Christian En
deavor iluseum." During the evening
session the main addresses will be deliv
ered by Rev. 3. D. Hutslnpiller of the
Central M. E. Church, San Francisco, and
Rev. Thomas Baldwin of the Alameda
Baptist church.
At <5 o'clock a basket lunch will be given
in Brigade Hall. This will be in charge of
the social committee, which has provided
for about 300 persons at the tables. Wil
liam Nat Friend, who will deliver his nrst
sermon at this church next Sunday, will
act as toastmaster.
The committees having charge of the
arrangements for the convention are:
Decoration, Miss May Heimbold and Miss
Esta Marvin; reception. Miss Mary Rust
and Miss Anna Heimbotd; social. Miss
Ernestine Lelmert and Miss Susie Smyth;
entertainment. Miss Bessie Reynolds:
ushering, Arthur Humphrey and Miss
Edith Henry.
// Jn tfext \Sr r 5
I c'W i
I CalL -¦]'¦ I
FEBRUARY 1L >y - J
5 The Life Story of Carlos Ezeta, 3
2 Revolutionist. %
% Styles for the Well-Dressed Man. •
% St. Valentine's Day. 2
• Full' Page Drawing by CAHILL. #
S Unique Occupation of a San Fran- •
• cisco Society Man. 3
8 How Typhoons and Earthquakes |
3 Are Predicted. •
% '
• The Latest Fashions in Parasols. S
rj The Reluctant Voyagers. 3
3 How St. Valentine's Day Originated. •
J THE SUNDAY CALL'S MAGAZINE To Be
O SECTION IS THE STANDARD OF Beautiful
. • AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ART. X X X
5 From a
¦¦¦>^••••••••••••••••••••••••••••fl a P anese
Standpoint
9SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
rtCSINTSS OFFICE of the F«n Fmne!~o
r»n. corner cf Market and Tfclrd streets, open
entll 12 o'clock every night In tbe year.
PRANCH OFFICES— C 7 Montgomery stre«t
rorr.er Clay; cpen until 9:23 p. ra. '
»P0 Hayes etreet: open until »:30 p. m.
C 3 McAllister etreet; cpen until 9:39 p. ¦ .
t:s Lerkln street: open until 9:30 p. in.
:?<1 Mission ftreet; open until 19 p. ra.
t2CI Merket street, corner glxteenth; cpen
entll 9 r. m.
ICC Eleventh rtreet: open until » o. m.
ICJ6 Valencia rtreet; cpen until t n» n_
jn Pc!k etreet: open until t p. m.
Nortnwert ccrner of Twenty-second and Ken-
<urkr ctrwts: open until > p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. .__.
T No S Post st —Stated Assembly TtZ^
THIS EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Order fj
of Hed Cros*. AH fraters cordially In- ttrß
vjtt»d. By order of the Era. Com. v
FIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
THRBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No _^
I— Regular meeting THIS (FRIDAY". jf
EVENING, at fc o'clock. D. 4. A
GEO. J. HOBE. Jfc\.
Secretary. 4B£_?
OC~IDKNTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ¦
M— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING. et 7:30 o'clock. Flrrt degre-. TC/C
By order of the W. M. /V>
WALTER Q. ANDERSON. Secretary.
JSORKOW en diamonds: secrecy: private en-
fanc*: private rm s. T"nrle Hurrls, 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
TP.CF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astroio-
r*.st and palmist In the world: satisfaction
cuar»r.tee<l. <I 7 Cfli»en C*f aye.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success : collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S3O Market, cor. Stocittn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIPSON. !'?7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
V. H. MERZB.VJH. attorney at law, has re-
6umed practice at CfC Cal. st.. Clunle bldg.
L. S CLARK, rmma Spreekels bldg.. 927 Mar-;
feet st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ROARD AXD ROOMS.
H^T^IT"£X~NORMANDIE. S2S Efldy— Sunny
suites and single r'v>rr.s; everything new; hot
water in every room; first-class tabla and
s-i-rvice; telephone Putter 1471.
•TELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny ruites: best b^ard: 2. $50 up: single. $22 50.
KYDE. ?.<* <The Salisbury)— Large -^unny items
•with boord: en suite or single; reas->nab!».
LAS PALM AS. l*X Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rins. : private: bath: tin, mis.: board optional.
NEW bunny hctel: flr?t-clars in all appoint-
ments excellent table: special inducements to
select people- 807 California et.. occupying
ccrner opposite Grace Churchy
O'FAUREIX, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
rood hcrr.e cooklr.g: special rates to gents.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds.
palrf.rcs: secrecy. I'ncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BOARD AXD ROOMS WAXTED.
ANY ainourt to loan you on diamonds: low ln-
tewt UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
BOARDING FOR CIIILDREX.
CHILDREN wanted; good home; German fam-
ily; reasonable crices. Apply MRS. J.
BRAN'PES. <3S Minna st.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bonk Co.. TO4 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOT AXD SHOE UARGAIXS.
BABY'S shoes. 6lzes 2 to 6 35 cts
Men' 6 working shoes, extra quality $1 25
Boy's shoes, sizes 134 to 2....^ 85 cts
People's Shoe Ptore. 1303 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BISIXESS CHAXCES.
A^STWi7~CORNER grocery ana bar with 4
r>'orr.E. on Market st.: must be cold on ac-
count at death at one*; good business. R. G.
WILKE. S»0« Market st.
A— CUM; BAKERY on Polk ftreet: baking VA
barrel; all store trade; dally receipts above
Xl: rent SiS. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— S300; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk et.; splendid paying business and good
stock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market, j
A— 5600; RESTAURANT and oyster house; rent
$C 5; Market and Jones sts.: rare chance. R.
G. WILKE. Sv6 Market gt.. corner Ellis.
A— jrC; BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms;
established 10 years; dally receipts $15; eplen-
rf'.d location on Larkin st. R. G. WILKE. !tO6
M arket et.
A SALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large stock; rushing business;
no Lttter location on East st.; eplendld
chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market et.
A— JISOO— COIiNER grocery in very best part
cf the Mission; large Etock. 1 horse, wagon,
cart; 75 order customers; place established
year* and first-class paying. Call B, G.
WILKE, BC* Market st.
X—tSSt: DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12: a good-paying :
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A-tZW; PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
house: lively country town; place clearing $60
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 906
Market ft.
ATTENTION. SELLERS! ~
List whatever you have fcr sale
with me. I can sell for cash. I
will advertise It free for yoc. I
vnnt no exclusive contract. Have
buyer waiting with cash. I cell
city sn4 country real estate and
busineps pieces. ;
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market et./ opp. Fifth.
160 F.OOMS— HOTEL AND BAR.
Clearing about ?500.
fITOO can remain at
6 per cent interest.
Price $4fH).
DECKER, rt2o Market st.
1150— BRANCH bakery and candy store; best
I-art of the >sisslon; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent: given away. M. LESS. 7C5 Market st.
J2Oft— BRANCH bakery, notions and variety
stcre: north of Market; 4 living rooms; rent
SIS; must be sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Mkt. !
1350 — STATIONERY, confectionery, schoolbooks I
and lunch rooms: Western Addition; near 7
pchoolt--; owner going away. M. LESS, 7C5 Mkt.
fTT.'/i— THE l>eFt grocery and bar in Western Ad-
dition: must be soM this week; sickness com-
pels sacrifice. M. LESS, 7«5 Market et.
MINING j-artner wanted: chance for a man
with pome capital to make a. fortune this sea-
con near Nome, Al.ir.ka.
$CsfO — Partner in machine r hep; chance of a
life tlir.e to a £T>od mnn.
$700— rlazaar and notions.
J2oo— Bazaar, echool supplies, notions.
$Soo— Office business.
$1300— First-class saloon; rood stock of 11<j-
crs, cigars.
Jl5O0 — Finest meat market In the city.
FOHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
A— CORNER caloon; fine place; bargain; don't
fall to b?«- it to-day.
A— lo-room house; all full cf rood-paying
roomers.: must sacrifice.
Branch bakery and notions: cause of eale.
death; x>ric» $273.
A grocery *nd bar; fine corner; must be sold
this day. COWING & CO.. 1133 Market et.
A-KKEDO * CO 22H GEARY ST.
A rare opportunity: $600; partner established
business; clears $300 a month; acct. sickness.
IJOOO— ELEGANT cor. store and modern 5-room
cottage; rents $30. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
fI6fVV-DRAYING express; only one In town of
4000 population: $10,000 yearly. KREDO & CO.
CITY BrSINESS~EXCHAJCGE 79 Third st.
P.argains In saloons $?00 to Jl5OO
O.gar stores with clubrooms $100 to $.V>o
Restaurant; west of Market st $125 to $JOO-
Room'.ng houses, 10 to 100 rooms. -•*-.¦
Partner; email capital; paying business.
A— slso; BRANCH bakery and candy etore. with
3 living-rooms; good trade; located near 2
schools on business corner: cheap rent. Pa-
cific Exchange, 1016 Market et.
FALOON— Bargain this day. McLAUGHLIN &.
CO.. 777 ii Market et.
FOR sale— Business and outfit en or off the
roa-1; been netting JSftOO annually; no ex-
ixrience necessary; 6lcknn>!s cause of eale
7CI East Fifteenth et.. East Oakland.
$450— PARTNER wanted; good paying estab-
lished business; no experience necessary trial
given.- 43» Geary st.
JMO— HALF Interest in fish and oyster stand
in prominent market; fine trade. Address box
2CW. Call office.
HBb^-CASS or security; grocery and bar: good
location; fine stock; no agents wanted. In-
quire I!) -Lily aye.
FRUIT etore cheap if sold to-day; cause of
eclling sickness. I(C2 Howard St., room 12.
NEAT coffee saloon: good location; reasonable
Call 2 to 4 p. m.. 12 Seventh, I. O. O. F. bldg.
GROCERY and bar: established II years; good
location; cheap. Box 2CS2. Call office.
BARBER shop with 2 chairs. 631 Green st.
FOR sale— Restaurant and cbopbouse doing
good business. 5 Polk et.
A FINE grocery and bar: sacrifice; elckness
cause eale. Box 2C90. Call.
FOR EALE— Good paying hotel property In
country- For further particulars address O.
LA-IPSON, Paloma. Cal.. via Valley Spring.
DCSIXESS CllAXCUS— Continued.
NOTICE
STENBERG & CO. ¦ ;
Have Removed to
933 Market Street, :
' Over Hale Bros.--
A— BUYERS. ATTENTION!
FOR SALE
A first-class tea and coffee store: well estab-
lished; all cash trade; good value for the
money. STENBERG CO., 935 Market St.
A $600 PARTNER RETIRING
Remaining partner fine business man thor-
oughly responsible; dining-room handsomely
furnished; seats 100 people; location best near
Market in large prominent hotel; owner going
. East. STENBERG CO.. 335 Market st.
BUSINESS opportunity— Will sell complete Mo-
tion Picture public entertainment outfit, with
large advertising hills and everything needed,
cheap for cash; have made $60 to $300 per
week: no experience required to operate It;
best of reasons for selling. Send this ad and
address Drawer 14C, Chicago-
WANTED— Mercantile business and home In
som« small live city In Southern California.
S. J. HARRISON. 1209 Howard et.
BALDWIN Annex saloon and business. Includ-
ing long lease, for sale. Inquire of JOHN
SROUFE. 208 Market st., chairman of com.
GROCERY and bar; 4 living-rooms and stable;
rent low; price reasonable. Apply 455 Clem-
entina st^
$115— SALOON and crocery; 2 living rooms;
rent $14; must sell at once. 821H Howard st.
WANTED— Contract for purchase of grain from
a brewery. Apply 326 Clementina St.
GOOD-PAYING 15c barber chop for sale;
cheap. Corner Sixteenth and Market sts.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon: fine location
downtown; newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
PARTNER wanted in dairy and produce busi-
ness- $200 or $3i» will rut you in good paying
position. Address J., box 2639, Call.
$500— SALOON and boarding house: satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply 127 Golden
Gate aye., cor. Leaven worth.
COAL OIL route for sale, cheap: parties going
away. Arrly office Crystal Oil Co.. 312 Capp
et.. near Eighteenth.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal. E39 1 * California St.. room 1.
SALOON at Third st., near Market; fine trade,
cheap if sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers'
Journal, 639H California St.. room 1.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Apply next to
Hoover's candy store. Fourth St.. San Rafael.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large barn; best
location: "owner going away. Apply Call office.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal, 5394 California St.. room 1.
WANTED— A saloon or grocery store; must be
cheap for cash. Box 2CS2. Call office^
BRANCH, baker}'; candy; ' notion nnd cigars;
must sell this week. Inquire 1118 Market st.
FOR SALE— EI Monte Bakery: SW. cor. Sac-
ramento and Lyon sts. ' Inquire at premises.
BRANCH bakery and notion "tore: doing good
business; suitable for bakery. 1606 Folsom.
DRUGGIST with small capital as partner In
drug store. Box 7343. Call office. -
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
FOR SALE— A neat restaurant: good locetlon:
reasonable. Apply at 207 Grant aye., saloon.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till 8 p.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons. b"ggy, carts and over 150
rets of harness will be sold at half cost, iv«
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom st.,
near Eighth^
FOR Sale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW & 2tl-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. . cheap. EG AN & PON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become uiscusted with pocr work
send to SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 333-37 Tehama St.; tcl. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st.; tcl. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; lnid at 4c.
STRATTO.VS. 3 Eighth St.; te'.. Jessie 544.
J. E. MITCHELL .Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carrot Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor, j
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; .telephone East 116.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
{ and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradl*
to tbe • Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
cbe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
-wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly confides-
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
Take tbe broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
Broadway. •---'-..
CLAIRVOYAXTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
A^PROFESSOR MAY. . "
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
restore* lest affection; if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you: mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three, questions and
$1 answered; hours, 9 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance.
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular; sittings $1.
CLAIRYOVANT card reader and palmist: all
you seek to know without, questions; readings
this week. 25c. 60c. 230 A Turk St.; satlsfac.
DINSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant: private sittings: mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to Bp. in. 127 Ellis.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2. 8
p. in.. 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 23c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 23c.
MME M"OREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 23c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
T. P. MATCHETT holds circles every evening. 8
o'clock, 10c; reading 60 and 75c. 238 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; si{-
tlogs dally. 212H Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 23c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 23c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
irnlte.l- States or Canada one year for $1.
posture p«M.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less rucces'sful. Room 310. J27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
— ¦ - - ¦ - - - - -,-,-. - - - » .-1-1-
FOLSOM. 2326— Cottage of 7 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent $20. ,
$6 05— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 6 rs.; water free.
Off Crescent aye. ; Inquire" 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
COTTAGE, -4 rooms, modern Improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. ISS9 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
488 GEARY— Frrst-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references.
S. F. pressmaklng. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dreEses made over; perfect fit. /
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &. Moffat.
DEXTISTS^
A^SrT't!^ s" HlGGlNS^'aental parlors! 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full Bet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fllKngs. 60c; crowns, $3 60: all work
fialnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free: $4 E0 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
•prizes: no students; guaranteed ,J2 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
epedalty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 250.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.: painless extraction: hours 9 to 5.
VAN- VROOM— "Palnlees"; evenings and Sun-
days. ICOI Market St., corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Ok
TOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evening* and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 B0; all
* animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIOXAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new EO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
' for young men, young ladies and boys; mjperb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing tacllttles;
salt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest In short time. 1236 Market St.. r. 121.
BOOKKEEFING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full cburs-
this year g«ot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123S Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MANDOLIN and guitar thoroughly taught; rea-
sonable. 733 Guerrero st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. ProflDeFlllppe's Acad-
emy of languages,3:oPost;est.lB7l;ablestprofs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 403 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: life
scholarship, $00; send for catalogue.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Mlbs M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlc.grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1C24 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese K^nployment Office —
best help. 414% O'Farrell Et.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Irish-American cook and laun-
dress desires situation; best of references. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter et.
GERMAN girl desires situation ns cook In
American family. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st. ' -..y.v
FRENCH lady's maid with 2 years' references
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN second girl desires situation:
best of reference. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Butter st."
FIRST-CLASS waitress, restaurant or hotel;
best references. Address or telephone MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH nurse girl or would do second work,
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, 4 years last place. Ap-
ply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN woman, good cook and houseworker,
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
NEAT capable girl desires situation; good cook
and houseworker; 2 years last place. Apply
to MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A YOUNG German second girl wants position.
MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.. tel. Main
r.332.
HOUSEKEEPER, neat, elderly woman, desires
position; good cook and laundress: likes chil-
dren; city references given; wages $10 to $12.
Call 2CB Stevenson St., room 7.
COMPETENT girl wants housework; Is kind to
children; waces $15 to $20: city. Oakland or
Alameda. 10 Wetmore place, off Clay st.. nr.
Powell.
NORTH German girl wishes situation; gen-
eral housework and cooking. 2119 Geary St.,
between 9 and 3 o'clock.
TWO German girls wish situations to do gen-
oral housework. 100 Leavenworth St., near
Golden Gate aye. '," ,
WOMAN wishes situation for general house-
work; good bread and biscuit baker. Address
1403 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— By an experienced woman, situa-
tion as working housekeeper: no objection to
children. Apply 628 Guerrero st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
house cleaning; wages $1 and carfare. Ad-
dress 737 Howard St., room 64.
LAUNDRESS wants work by day; would do the
family washing in exchange for room. Box
2691, Call office.
COMPETENT woman with a child wishes a
position as housekeeper In city or across the
bay; references. Call 277 Thirteenth st. '
COMPETENT girl wishes housework; no wash-
ing. Address box 1407, Call office.
GERMAN woman, middle-aged, would like a
position as housekeeper. 1022 Larkin st. *
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by reliable
middle-aged woman In a small family of
adults; is a good plain cook and careful man-
ager. Box 2672, Call Office.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes housekeep-
ing position, city or country. Call at 713^4
Bush St., rear. . • • '
RELIABLE woman wishes position as nurse;
good In confinement or any other sickness;
best of references. Call at 10SH Fell st., city.-
DRESSMAKER and thorough fitter on tailor
suits wants engagement; 11 U) a day. 244 Tay-
lor st.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse wishes position
in fine family. Address C. H. G.,-311 Mason st.
YOUNG German girl desires place to do general
housework. Add. 1423 Seventh aye.. South S. F.
COMPETENT colored woman with references
wishes a situation as cook, in city or out,
hotel, boarding-house or restaurant. Apply at
325,4 Bush st., room*l4.
YOUNG girl lately from Germany wishes posi-
tion; family having no small children pre-
ferred. Apply 1512 Pacific aye,
YOUNG lady desires upstairs work and plain
sewing; is also willing to assist with other
housework. Address D. E.. box 2660, . Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to assist in dentist's or
doctor's office. Address L. P., 1056 Poplar St..
Oakland. -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE young lady, good references,
speaking German and English fluently, wishes
a position as ladles' maid or care of grown
children to travel to Europe. Call t to 6,
1431 Polk st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established « tn»
northwest corner cf Twenty-seiftnd and Ken-
tucky P ts.t open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— -MALE.^
PARIS ExposUion— Former Paris drummer ac-
1 qualnted with European resorts and lan-
guages wants position to accompany or repre-
sent party; references; moderate salary.
BONOMY. IRB4 Mission st.
GENTLEMAN, experienced in conveyancing.
Insurance, bookkeeping or any office work,
desires employment. Address box .702. Call
office. Oakland. '
SITUATION wanted by married man; work of
any kind; porter preferred. Address P. Z.,
box 7613. Call office. -
SITUATION wanted by young and thoroughly
experienced bookkeeper, cashier and general
offlcs man; references. Box 2656, Call.
STRONG young man. aged 22, of good address
and best of habits, desires permanent sltua-
tlon with reliable parties. Box 2687. Call.
SITUATION wanted; young man with good
.business experience: willing to do anything to
get along; office preferred. Box 2684. Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundryman wishes position In
the city; washer and ironer. Address 418
Powell et.
WANTED— Situation as gardener (flower),
greenhouse, propagation, etc. : also outside
work; reference given. Box 2677. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German waiter desires posi-
tion; city or country. Box 2675, Call office.
VERY reliable man wants position as Janitor
or watchman, or at a private place, either
indoor work or as coachman; hag an extra-
ordinarily good reference; le honesty, indus-
trious and willing. W. WILLIAMS, 704^
Mission st.
JAPANESE, good cook, speaks English freely
" and understands general housework, wants
position In city or country. Address FRANK.
Japanese Y. M. C. A.. 11l Haight st.
MARRIED man wishes a situation as day or
night watchman; good reference. Address
box 2680, Call office.
MARRIED man. steady and reliable, wants
work of any kind. A. 8.. box 2673. Call.
BARKEEPER: first-class experienced man;
beet city references. Address letters G. D.,
209 Valencia st. _^
ARTISTIC baker, pastry cook; city or country.
ULRICH, la Howard St.. tel. Jessie 1544.
ENGINEER with first-class license wants po-
sition ; city or country. Address box 2653, Call.
WANTED— Young man as waiter. New Wash-
ington Hotel, Fourth and Harrison gts.
WANTED— Situation as coachman and gar-
dener or foreman on fruit ranch; competent
In every kind of orchard and vineyard work;
general gardening; extensive California ex-
perience. Address Deehent's Nursery, 14
Point Lobos aye.; telephone Jackson 622.
SITUATION wanted by young single man,
age 30 years; flrst-clacs grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator; ten years In last position;
from the East; could fill a private place:
* best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER. Bell
Conservatory Company, Sacramento. Cal.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning by the day, or any other kind of
work; small wages expected. ANDERSEN,
952 Bush st.
A PHARMACIST wants position In drug store,
Nothern California. Address Drugs, box
2657. Call.
A NEAT Japanese 'speaks English fluently)
wishes position In office or store: references.
Box 2627. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter, and
general of flee man: Al references furnished.
Address box 354. Can office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. . Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CH branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has "been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIAXS.
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market st.: examination free: German
eyewater by mall. 5Qg. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; rent reasonable. 224 North Wlllard st.
FOR adults, 4 comfortable rooms; bath, toilet,
coal and gas etoves; all necessaries. ; 1917
Geary st. .
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
GROVE. SSO— Upper Bunny corner flat of 4
rooms and bath.
RINOOLD. 29, between Folsom and Harrison-
Flat of 3 large rooms: rent IS.
SUTTER, 26204— Sunny upper flat, 6 rooms,
bath: modern; rent $25.
TO LET— Modern sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath:
rent 125. Inquire on premises, 353 Devlsadero
St., corner Oak.
$10—527 GROVE st.: 4 large rooms, yard; be-
tween Lneuna and Octavla.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye..
between Gouuh and Octavla sts.
BORROW money on diamond* 'and watche*;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant *ye.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x«0 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Bron'lwav: open evenings.
~ FURXITURE WAXTED, .
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your Sd-hand furniture.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Reo^jjj:
HELP WAXTED — AGEXTS.
FOR a first-class investment security. 6 per
cent guaranteed and extra profits: something
new and safe that people really want; this Is
your opportunity. 14 Mills bldg.. Sth floor.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL, 206 Kearny st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
"STIC HANSEN GRANT ISS"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ,
' Head waitress, $25; 4 more waitresses, south,
$20; 4 waitresses, city and country. $20; 2
restaurant waitresses, country, $25: 2 cham-
bermaids, country, $20; 2 chambermaids. $17 50;
2 restaurant waitresses, $6; woman cook, $30,
and waitress, same place. $20. see party here;
bookkeeper, double entry, for a wholesale
house
FAMILY. ORDERS '
2 houseglrls. country, $25, $20, fare paid; sec-
ond glrr, city, $25, references: cooks, house-
girls. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Scandinavian cook. $35. no wash;
Scandinavian second girl, $30; 3 German sec-
ond girls, $20, $23, city and country; 2 French
second girls, $20 $25; 3 second ; girls and
nurses, $20 and $25; 4 cooka, German style,
$;.-». $30: 7 waitresses, $20. city and country;
3 chambermaids and waitresses, $20; restau-
rant waitresses, $5, $6; nursery governess.
$25; 50 girls for housework, ¦ $20. $23. city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
A— HOUSEWORK. $25. San Rafael, see lady
here 10 o'clock: St. Helena, $25: Colusa County
$25, Sausallto $30 and other towns; 10 girls for
housework, $25 and $20; 6 young girls, assist,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter tst.
A HOUSEKEEPER; good cook; no objection
to grown child; short distance. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell -at. '
A COMPETENT second girl; short distance;
small family; $25., MRS. j LAMBERT, 418
Powell st.
WAITRESS, private family, $25: nurse girl and
. seamstress, $20;- cook for country. 3 in family,
$25. MRS. CATTELL, 625 Eighth St., Oak-
land.
WOMAN or girl for general housework: Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred: references.
,1411 Hyde st.
WANTED— All talloresses who have worked for.
M. BUCHMAN. Address box 2C93, Call office.
NEAT' German girl; light housework; small
family; wages $10 to $15. 606 Castro sU
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN. -
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES. '. ¦'¦
GREAT - AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
146 Ninth st. 621 Montgomery aye.
861 Market st. 255 Hayes st,
210 and 212 Grant »ye. 218 Third st.
705 Larkin at. 1008 Fillmore st.
1819 Devlsadero st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
475 Haight st. 2516 Mission st.
140 Sixth St. • 3285 Mission st.
1419 PolK st. 2732 Twenty-fourth st.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
"YOUNG physician desires lady of some means
to act as partner or assistant. Address box
2C33. Call office.
WANTED— German girl for housework and to
assist in cooking; good home for the right
party. 1418 Polk st., in store.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde Et.
NEAT girl to take charge of child; sleep home;
wages $15. Call at 759 Cole st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. Room 16,
Flood bldg.. cor. Fourth and Market sts.
WANTED— Woman for -general kitchen work;
$4 week; restaurant. 413 Pine st.
WAITRESS wanted for restaurant. 606 How-
ard st.
NEAT young girl; light housework; small fam-
lly; wages $12. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl; light housework; 2 In family.
Call after 11 a. m. 244 Post st.
YOUNG girl for general work In bakery. 753
Haight st.
A DINNER waitress and steady waitress
wanted; no Sunday work. 619 Sacramento st.
GIRL for general housework: small ' family.
1134 Ellis st.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking. 14 or
16 years of age; paid while learning. 625
Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG woman for cooking and downstairs
work; references required. 2607 FlUmore st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework.
Apply at 2SOO Bush st."
GOOD helper for coatmaker: steady work.
THOS. E. KENT. 121 Post St.
WANTED— LadIes and gentlemen to" work at
home: good salary. 216VJ Sixth st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m. ¦ -
HELP WAXTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN^&^o7s]^TorGEARY^T!
French or Swiss fry cook, country hotel, $60
and fare; meat and pastry cook, country ho-
tel, $50; cook, $45; waiter. $25. same country
restaurant; man and wife to cook and wait,
email country club, $45; 2 polishers, country
laundry, $50; polisher and starcher, $30
MISCELLANEOUS
Gang of teamsters, scraper holders, loaders
and dumpers. Coast Railroad, Santa Barbara
Co., free fare
Blacksmith, railroad camp. $3 a day, free
fare; blacksmith, country, $2 a day; 2 single
hand miners, $2 50 a day; 2 carpenters, $2 50 a
day; plaster mold maker; 4 pruners apd graft-
ers, orchard and vineyards, $26 and board;
woodchoppers and others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED waiter, country hotel, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Gardener, private residence on ranch
$25 and found
10 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$20 and $26 and found
6 ranch teamsters $26 and found
' 125 woodchoppers, stove and cord wood, for
different parts of California, $1. to $3 cord;
60 tlemakers, Sonoma County, tools and pro-
visions furnished; boy to drive milk wagon,
$15 and found: boy to drive butcher wagon.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOY' for our office; one who knows the city
and lives with his parents. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— S wood choppers. $1 60 and $1 73
cord: chore boy, $10; farmers. $23 and $26;
blacksmith's helper ami finisher, $2 25 day;
upholsterers, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man and wife for clubhouse, $50;
steward for country hospital. $30 and found;
German h*ad waiter, $35 and found; dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento St.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 153.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wanted;
young mnn about IS or 20 years old. who can
work Remington machine: steady plac« in
mercantile business for right party; state
experience, if any, salary expected and ref-
erences. Address, in own handwriting, box
2652. Call office.
BOOKBINDER: young man who can cut stock,
etc.; must be neat; steady position to right
man. Address P. H., box 2694, Call office,
giving salary, experience and references.
GENERAL all-around blacksmith; state wages
expected, give references and ability. Napa.
Machine Works, Napa, Cal. : ;
GOOD barber for Friday afternoon and Satur-
day. 623 Clay st.; call 9 o'clock.
TWO barbers, at 797 Mission St., for Satur-
. day. :.¦-'-- x ¦¦.-.;
WANTED— Barber at 763 Mission st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 533 Va-
lencia «t.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy to learn blacksmlthlng. 1504
Folsom st., near Eleventh.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School, 741 Howard st. — .;
BAKER wanted. 923 Folsom st.
NIGHT waiter, understanding oyster trade:
prompt and reliable. 125 Seventh St., 8 a. m.
COOK to do short-orders and assist dinners;
$6 ."0 week with room. 206 McAllister st.
WAITER wanted. 17-19 Powell st.
WAITER wanted at 207 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— A few good men to operate motion
picture machines and give exhibitions In
churches, school houses and halls in your
own locality; big money can be made; no ex-
perience required. Send this ad and address
Drawer. 146. Chlcaco.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush st., third floor, room 4.
EXPERIENCED salesman for dry goods, drug
and grocery trade. 76 Flood bldg.. after 4.
BOY to drive wagon and help In grocery:
wages $3 per week. Box 2670, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop that makes salary at 1105
Buchanan, nr. G. G. aye.; bargain; rent $6 ~J\.
GOOD industrial agent for debit. W. N.
CHAPMAN. 511 Montgomery. 12:30 to 1 p. m.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 927 Market St..
room 622. . -
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening class; special inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
nnd souvenir free; only institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 62S
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco. New York.
St. Louts, Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to *2 per week.
BORROW money of the respectable and rrlla-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
ney s, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25?
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.'
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 40S McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; rending room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and. Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsements nnd subscriptions lias been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. . ' ,
HORSES, LITE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for eale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. b;t. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
HORSE. $15; horse. $25; small wagon $25; road
cart, $12; cart. $15. 19 City Hall aye.
SHETLAND pony and cart: rig complete; very
neat; at a barcaln. Address 2707 Laguna st.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
HOUSES LODGIXG FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
52 rooms* fine corner: clears $150 $ISOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 900
11-room house on Bush st. 450
7-room house: only 150
53 rooms; rent $10 13>X>
24 rooms: easy payments SCO
5-room flat: new ..."?: 350
S2 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell St.. 3->
10 rooms; on Taylor Et.: worth $300 4J)
32 rooms: ccrner; clears $150 160*
10-room flat: clears $150 500
Corner on Market; clears $400: 104 rooms. 4?oo
Near Call office; worth $2000; 2» rooms 1200
Mod. house; slev.: clears $500: 84 rooms... 6500
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
65 ROOMS: finest corner in city -...$5OOO
120-rooms hotel: big snap SaOO
13 rooms; fine and central 4JS
23 rooms; good; central <»O
Many others; all sizes, prices and locations.
Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
810 bargain; 12-room house: fine central loca-
tion; low rent; paying- fine; snap. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
A FINE transient; 37 rooms; clearing $150
monthly: central: big sacrifice: must sell.
Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bids.
$300—21 ROOMS; good location: all rented.
4425—22 rooms; all rented: rent $^ a month.
$S5O— 2S rooms: north of Market st. : low rent.
$S50 — 40 rooms; all rented; rent $75 a month.
$1200—65 rooms; rent $100. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE; 22 rooms: bargain: on
account of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 V& Market st.
I WANT a well-furnished lodging-house of 15
to 25 rooms: must be reasonable. Address
box 3. Call office.
$Z2s^-LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 230 Second St.; no agents.
SO-ROOM lodglng-hous* in Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS. 126 Ellis St.
$200— FURNITURE 9-room house; Bush. near.
Pjwellr conveniences. Box 2662. Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let: send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSKN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
GEARY, 1018, bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House, 9 rooms and bath.
HAVES, southwest corner Devlsadero — 8 rooms
and bath; modern Improvements; reasonable.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. U9
Merchant st.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 -Grant aye.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — 3 passbooks with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
names of CATHERINE BRIDGWOOD. JAS.
BRIDGWOOD and CATHERINE BRIDG-
WOOD or MARY A. BRIDGWOOD: Nos.
209-1361. ISO-354. 171-SS9. The finder will please
return to bank.
LOST, on Powell St., between Geary and Lom-
bard, a lady's gold watch and fob. Liberal
reward if returned to MISS JACOBS. 583
Lombard st. . ¦
MODEL 61. No. 375. Sterling bicycle. Return
410 Larkin st.. and receive . reward.
LOST— Near Folsom and First sts., pocketbook.
letters and papers. Reward at 602 Howard st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOSHUA H. STALLARD. or WILL
ANN. M. GORDON STALLARD: No. 132-
.1472. The finder will please return to bank.
GRAY leather bag containing purs-, eyeglasses,
etc. : reward. Return corner Marlposa and
Missouri sts. l
ENGLISH pug. Return to 700 Mason and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— GoId watch; engraved B. S. on case.
Return to 2230 Pacific aye.: reward.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy: pri-
vate entrance. ITn^le Harrl*. IX Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
D^TTn^!ki]EUrT^lLT~thV^>niy reliableTadle?
physicians and specialists of long and suc-
cessful practice; private home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; beet of care:
guaranteed treatment at office. $.".; safe and
reliable; consultation free. 1122 Market St.,
between Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., has re-
turned from Europe with advanced knowl-
edge; guaranteed Treatment $.">; safe and re-
liable cure In one day; 15 years' successful
practice In Pan Francisco; maternity home;
low fees. 10074 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: rafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation frees success guaranteed.
Write or call ar 1023H Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: home
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 942
Post st., between Hyde and Larkin.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
and reliable: consultation free: hours 19 to 1
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent female
specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER-Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin: hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to i.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
CAPE NOME rockers. $10; also dry washers for
dry placers. $40. 632 Market «it.. room 5.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: rew and second-
hand.. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-10J1-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
LOST— An opportunity to buy a well broke
Cashmere ' goat, with harness and cart, for
sale cheap. H. BRIEL. 1933 Fifteenth aye.,
south. South San Francisco. , ;-} .
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion eafes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.. CaL
FOR sale — 10,000 feet new rubber belting; lead-
Ing brands, slightly damaged: utility unim-
paired; 50 per cent saving. ROBERT BRAND
& CO.. 521 Third St.. Oakland. Cal.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
SEE solitaire genuine diamond ring; price $10;
worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FRENCH plate mirror, sxB. Golden Eagle Ho-
tel. NW. cor. Montgomery and Broadway.
$10— SINGER sewing machine: fine order; must
sell. £77 Natoma St.. near Seventh.
A ST. BERNARD at 2531 Twenty-fourth st..
near Bryant: worth $30; sell for $10.
16 ELEGANT band uniforms for sale, cheap.
G. A. FABRIES. 61S Shrader »t.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
FOR sale— Pox terrier pup. thoroughbred,
cheap. 2721 Sutter St.
FOR sale — Great Dane pups; goodr pedigree.
Enterprise Hotel, cor. Sixteenth and Folsom.
GENUINE Rlcca mandolin at a bargain.
Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny st.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora »iats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pin*.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all irug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery it.
BOILERS, engines, drill press**, planers.lathei.
Iron A wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines . bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market St.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machlneryreloctrlcal supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 618 Mission.
MISCELLAXEOPS FOR. BALE.
EDISON concert Phonograph, m* I*-****?3?pV»1 * -****?3?pV»
$10©- concert records. $2 SO. BACIOA.L,vru
tZ3 Market st.. San Francisco.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S new. for 5 cents-Tha Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
.MISCELLAXEOIS WAXTS.
WANTED-Thoroughly broken potatCT^CI TJWt«
ter dog- no purchase without trial, state
age color and price, which must be reaaon-
abie. Address box 2653. Call office.
WANTED to rent— Corner family liquor store:
responsible party. 8. 8.. 437 Fourth st; stata
rent. _____
AMATEUR musicians to Join select orchestra.
328 Bush St.. third lloor. room 4.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st. .
GOOD tecond-hand piano: must be cheap; cash;
no dealers. Box 1502. Call.
MOXEY TO I*OAX^
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
second mortgages estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. Q. B.
OLSEN. room U. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then se« me; $59
to $100,000; ( per cent: Ist. Id or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; ac»lc«
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. <32 Market.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4« Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixta:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prlTat«
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Da via 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: Quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Room*
88 and 89. Donohoe building. 1170 Market »t.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott build-
ing— Mencansecureloans_on^ers£na2_nota^
AT IV4 per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLET. 430 Pmr-
rott bnlldlnj.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $jO-,n00; lowest rates: Ist and Zd mortjts. :
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 11» McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st,
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 PhHan building.
BIOXEY WAXTED.
WANT to borrow $7000 for 2 years: security.
950 acres in noted fruit section. Capay Valley.
Yolo County: 22 acres In bearing orchard
(apricots and prunes). 300 acres cultivated In
grain, balance grazing lands. Box 2609. Call.
WANTED— To borrow $2500 for 2 years: 10 per
cent Interest: reliable security. Box 2683. Call.
~ MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase y cur medium and low priced pianos
where th«y can be exchanged for a Steinway
within threo years and have full purchas«
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco. ; corner Thlr-
tsenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldehc and largest hons*
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE* 9.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell et. : planes, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
KNABE planoe: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
THE best Is always cheapest. The Decker
& Son is best. Agency at MAUVAIS'. 753
Market st.
A FULL line of pianos and organs, new and
second hand, fcr cash or Installments, at
MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON.' 32I Post st.
£0 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grad«
pianos: special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis st.
A FEW more pianos will be sold this week for
storage, cheap for cash; correspondence solic-
ited: $40 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
FOR sale— An Estey parlor organ almost new.
Inquire 952 Pacific St.
PIANOS taken In to rent or sell, free from
Btomge charges. Room 12. Flood building.
FINE square piano in first-class condition;
price rensonable. 610 Polk st. "
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KERFFE'S. 101!> van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMIT^ li
McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City o*
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
CORNER store. 441 Oak st.. cor. Buchanan;
rent $25. Inquire 420 Buchanan «t.
$20— STORE; 2 (how windows and 5 large rooms)
adapted tr» «ny business. 423 Sixth «t-
PALMISTRY.
ST. GERMAIN College of Palmistry. Neer— trd.
Pres.: reads 1 to 8; by mall $1. 614 Geary st.
ransoxA— «.
G^N^L^M^T^f^goodTharacter would like ta
meet honest lady; object, matrimony. Ad-
dress box 2675. Call office.
BARBER wants wife. 23 years of age. to lly*
In mining camp. Address PostofSc* box
73.8C0. Phoenix. Ariz.
BELLE-OUDRT i
13 NOT A LADT.
MY wife, BELINDA AGNES JACK3ON. hav-
ing left my bed and board, I will not b«
Vsponsible for any debts contracted by her
Jfter this date. AX. TONE JACKSON.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade eos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
Ilclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sett
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 532 Kearny. near Sacto:
also 1644 Market st.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 41- Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to t SO per night; $1 50 to $3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. black 4123.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. SCB Kearny.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 OTarrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pates, sent to any address In th*
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, eaay lo
work; low price; sample dozen 4x3 and dev»l-
«?per mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. M Geary.
PHYSICIAXS A.YD SURGEOXS.
PARALYSIS; ~~~
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGKMENT3-
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS-
BCROFUI.V.F^EM^SKIN DISEASES.
OLD STANDING CHRONIC* DISEASE3L
CureO where all other have failed.
NO DRUG 3! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
S£ X % fo » r o e^ el^"- Consultation fre^ •
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 507. SOS and 509 rm*.
rott building. (Over the Emporium.) *
DR^£- & S'PO^ELL-Offlce and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
10Time— l-16 -oeH- 6-16, :30V4; 9-16, :55Vi; 13-16, l:204: mile, 1:40: 1 l-16m. 1:46. Good start.
Won flrs't 'three driving. Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. h., by El Rayo-Fuslllade't Last. Win
ner made a remarkable run. Henry, on Imperious lost the race by looking back, when
apparently winning. Catastrophe showed Improvement. Too fast for Mary Kinsella.
pp r atched— '^^ A^J^^^^-~^^^_n_n^n^-^r^^^^^^>^>j>^>^^r\^^^j^^^^^
7f>!». SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
rime— % :13- %' :36%; H. 1:01; T4, 1:26>6. Good start.. Won easily, second and third driving.
WmaW. H. L. Jones & Co.'s br. g.. by Imp. Watercress-Headftower. Headwater excellently
ridden. Novia ran a swell race. Pat Morrlssey and Cormorant raced themselves to a stand
still. Theory stopped. Scratched— Silver Tone 107.
780. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $500.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. hjra. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp. ciT
(732) Lucldla "5 2 12. 18 11 Bullman 2-5 2-5
696 Grafter 105 5 S2 8 2 2 6 T.Walsh 4 11-2
Impromptu 118 3 ... 6 6 3Vs Jenkins „ 10 8
655 St. Rica W5 1 2 1 2n 4 1 Ruiz 5 10
630 Wardman ....UB| 4 4 2 4 1 5 Henry 20 60
Time— U :24H; H MS^. Good start. Won cleverly, second and third driving. Winner.
Burns *&, Waterhouse's b. g., by Imp. St. Andrew-Rlcardo. Lucldla never extended. Graf
ter will g:o on. ImprompturanKamelyj »^^ •
757. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; special sweepstakes: $230 each, $1000 added.
Time— U :24; %, :4Stt: %. 1:13%: mile, 1:33/4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
J F Schorr's eh. c, by Cayuga-Prosperity. All things considered, Brode won on merit.
He was cut off less than a furlong from the wire. Bullman criticized for making his
move too soon. Spencer on Yellowtail set too fast a clip when It was unnecestiary-
758. FIFTH RACE— One mile ana a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds ana up; purse. $400.
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LYDIATT— In this city, February 8, 1900. Ida
Belle, belo\-ed daughter of Amos and Florence
O. Lydlatt, 'and sister of Olivia E., Florence
and George E. Lydlatt. » native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 4 days.
ir7"Frtends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 533 Jersey street, between Douglass and
Diamond.
McMENOMY— In Oakland, February 7, 1900,
Thomas G., beloved son of Captain J. H. and
Lydia McMenomy, and brother of Mrs. John
J. O'Rourke and John W.. George S., Walter
F. and the late Lydia McMenomy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years and 3 months.
A member of Company N, League of the
Cross Cadets.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at. 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, corner of San Pablo avenue
and Crawford street, thence to St. Columba's
Church where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose- of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
O'NEILL— In this city. February 6, 1900, Ed-
ward W., beloved husband of Mary E.
O'Neill, father of Joseph and Mary O'Neill,
beloved son of Patrick and Mary O'Neill,
brother of Thomas. Frank, Philip. Walter.
Robert. Eugene, Alfred and Mamie O'Neill,
and son-in-law of Edmond Foley, a native of
San Francisco, aced 30 years 7 months and
2 days.
E7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1315 Montgomery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCABE— In this city. February 8, 1900. Ter-
rence McCabe. beloved brother of Patrick
and Hugh McCabe. Mrs. Margaret Burke of
New York City and the late Michael Mc-
Cabe, and nephew of Mrs. Bridget Russell,
Margaret Pounds and the late Patrick Carr
' and Susan McFall, a native of County Cavan,'
Ireland, aged 28 years.
X /"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Saturday), at 8:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
McCLELLEN— In this city. February 7. 1900.
Minnie 8.. beloved daughter of William J.
and Catherine McClellen. sister of Blanche
and Lillle McClellen, and niece of Mrs. W. F.
Hillebrand and F. A. and the late Henry
Stober of Sacramento, a native of Auburn.
Cal.. aged 18 years 9 months and 19 days. -
ICS'The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at the
residence of Mm. W. F. Hillebrand. 74 Web-
ster street. Interment at Sacramento.
MESSINA— In Oakland. February 7. 1900. Rosa
Messina, beloved wife of Lulgl Messina, and
mother of John and Mary Messina, a native
of Italy, aged 42 years. (Placervllle papers
please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. lOfilH Seventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MURPHY— In this city, February 8, 1900, Mar-
tin D.. dearly beloved husband of Mary D.
Murphy, and father of Mrs. J. Titus, Mrs.
L. Burns and Mrs. F. Casoly. a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 77 years and 6
months.
(C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RYAN— In this city, February 8, 1900. Wil-
liam H. Ryan, beloved son of the late Corne-
lius and Julia Ryan, and brother of Mrs.
Ellen A. Johnston of Boston. Mrs. Lizzie
Daisley and Mrs. Margaret Benney of San
Francisco, a native of Randolph. Mass. A
veteran of the Civil War.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHUERG— In West Berkeley, February 8, 1900,
George Schuerg 1 , a native of Germany, aged 73
years.
SHEA— In this city. February 8, 1900. Con
Shea, beloved brother of Patrick, Dennis,
John, Hannorah and, Mary Shea, a native of
the parish of Bearhaven, County Cork. Ire-
land, aeed S3 years.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
SULLIVAN— In this city. February 7, 1300, Ed-
mund Francis, dearly beloved son of Daniel
and Annie Sullivan, and brother of Daniel
XV., Jennie E., John P. and Mary Irene Sulli-
van. * native of Sap Francisco, aged 8 years
3 months and 6 days.
(E7 The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 632 Page street, thence to
Barred Heart Church, corner of Killmore and
Fell streets, for services. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery-
SWEENEY— In this city, February 7, 1900,
Margaret Agnes, beloved sister of Wllltam
and Jerry Sweeney, and niece of Mrs. John
Troy, Mrs. Jeremiah Hurley, Mrs. Nora
Burns and Miss Hannah Sweeney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 21 years 11 months
and 5 days.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited «o attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1233 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Francis
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
THEISEN— In this city, February 8, 1900, John,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Thelsen
and father of Mrs. J. C. Witt and Louis, Liz-
zie, Josephine and Emma Thelsen, a native
of Koln, Germany, aged 56 years 4 months and
7 days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ida W. and James Stark to -Frank and The-
resa Kalfln, lot on E line of Webster street. 107
N of Grove, N SO:6 by E Tl; $10.
Aaron and Emlelle Bruman to Henrietta
Markwltz (wife of J.). lot on XV line of Devlsa-
dero Etreet, CO N ot McAllister, N 25 by W 100-
$lO. '
Robert and Elizabeth Kirk to Charles T. Con-
lan, lot on S line of Fulton street. 150 XV of
Baker. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
M. McCann to Susan Shanahan, lot NW line
of Harrison street, 84 SW of Tenth. SW 25 by
NW 75, quitclaim deed; $10.
Susan Sims (Shanahan) and Margaret Hurl-
bert (Shanahan) to Jane Col I Ings, same- $10
Estate of Kate Riley (by Margaret Hurlbert
formerly Shanahan, administratrix) to same
all Interest in same; $300.
1 Estate of James Shanahan (by Peter Sims
administrator) to same, all Interest In same-
Estate of Susan Shanahan /by same admin-
istrator) to same, all Interest In same; $1200
Catherine Hughes to Catherine 8. Meyer let
on E line of Harrison street, 156 S of Twenty-
fourth. S 26 by E 100; $10. *
Martin L. Milcovlch (by H. M. Covert com-
missioner) to Nichols Megiea, lot on N line of
Twenty-eifrhth street, 228:8 E of Sanchez E
25:8 by N 114; $1100.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Charles
Bchlessinger, lot SE line of Natoma street 115
NE of Second, NE 21 by SE 80; $2010.
Judson Manufacturing Company (corporation)
to Henry E. Bothln, lot on NW line of Tehama
street. 80 SW of First, SW 25 by NW 80; $10
Carrie A. Woods (Beach) to same, lot on NF
line of Second street, 57:6 SE of Howard. SE 50
by NE 55; $10.
Joseph and Isabel E. Figel to Thomas F
Kennedy, lot on SE corner of Eleventh ahd
Point Lobos avenues, E 57:6 by S 100; $10
Jennie E. Wilson to Gertrude A. Jones lot
on E line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 210 S of I
street. S 25 by E 120; $10. *
J. W. and Annie L. Wright to Ucilla E
Cook, lot on SE line of Naples' street, 25 SW
of Japan, SW 25 by SE 100, block 63, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Marten B. Joost to William A. and George
L. Bender, lot on NW corner of Romaln and
Douglass streets, W 150 by N 50, lot 7, block
14, Fairmount; $10.
Joseph F..Dolan to Anna Abel, lot on E line
of Mlnot street, 50 N of Blalne, N 25 by E 70
block 240, Gift Map 1; $10.
Henry F. Blanchet Jr. to Madalena Baflgo
lot on W line of Ware street, 60 S of Paul
avenue, S 60 by W 100, block 7, Garden Tract-
s2so. .
Mnry E. and G. XV. Schwelnhard to T. B.
Draper, lot on S line of Preclta avenue, 250 XV
of York street, W 80 by S 150, Preclta Valley
lands; $10.
Adams Company, (corporation), to City and
County of San Francisco, ordinance No. 822
streets, etc.; SI.
Leroy T. Hutchlneon to name, same; $1.
Alex and Ltllle Levison to same, same; $L
David Louderback to same, same; $1.
M. Hall McAllister to came, same; $1.
Annie G. McDonnell to earne. name; $1.
Hiram T. and ' Leroy T. Hutchlnson, Mary
H. Slbley. Mary K. Miller, John H. Tracy,
Charlotte E. Morgan, Ellen N. Cook and Ade-
laide Phelps to same, same; $1.
William H. Ward to same, same; $1.
1 James Maugham or Maughan or Manghan to
Elizabeth Miler, Manraret Somers, Annie
Bartlett. Alice L. and Mary Manghan, various
notes, etc.. aUo all property in California; gift
Aristide Brand to Pauline Levy, lot on south
line of Turk street, .112:6 W of Laguna, XV 25
by S 9.0; JlO.
Charles E. and Helen V. Holt to Mary B.
•Beadle, lot on eaet line of Buchanan street SO
S of Jackson. S 30 by E 100; $10.
A XV. ' Beadle to snme, same; $10.
City and county of San Francisco to Francis
E. Brutis and Jean N. Taylor, lot on West line
of Webster street. 137:6 S of McAllister, S 57-6
W 65 8 80. W 60. N 80. W 22:6. N 67:6,.E IS^S
Bernard M. and Wilhelmlne Albers, to Eliza-
beth Wreden. lot on NW corner Turk and Scott
streets, W 60 by N 63; $7750. ...
German Pavings- and Loan Society to George
11. Moore, lot on east line of Portola street, 241
S of Waller. S 25 by E 90. being lot 14. block 1
Marion Tract (Hospital lot); $10. . '° CX *T
Martin, Henry and Sarah Beverson to Peter
Williams, lot on NE corner of Thirteenth and
Folcom streets, N 25 by E 80; $10.
Annie M. Caughlin to John F. Rlley. l ot O n
eabt line of Lott street. 125 N of Hayes. N 25
by E 100; $i<\ .V_,'- „
"Faustina it. and Ragnar F. Paul In to Mor-
ris and Meyer "Lando, lot on N Hn» of EIH«
street, 165 Eof Gough, Essby N 137. : 4; $10
Ana Ulqulst to Anna Olpen, lot on S line of
Green etreet, 107:6 E of Fillmore, E 30 by d
120; $10. '
Jane Drury to Mary J. Sangster (wife of
Adam D.). lot on E line of Devlsadero street
87-6 N of O' Farrell, N 50 by E 100; $10. '
William 8., J. 8., T. E. and M. A. Cunnane
and M. J. Lewis to Edith L. Trpwbrldge (wife
of C. C), lot on E lln« of Lyon street, S7:S\i S
of Jackson. S 6 by E 91; $10.
Isaac and Emily Eliaser to William and Marx
Schehr, lot on S line of Oak -street, 233 W of
Baker, XV 25 by. S 137:6; $8500. ,
Gustavus and Flora S. Arnold, to Harry W.
Goodall lot on N line of Washington street,
202:6 E of Spruce, E 25 by N 127:5«4; $10.
' George and Harriet E. Thistleton to Elizabeth
yon Tiedemari, lot on N line of Montana street,
280 XV of Capitol, XV 50 by N 123, block U, Rail-
road Homestead; $10.
Nellie and R E. Miller to Peter Suall, lot on
east line of Jessie 6treet, 163:4 S Of Thirteenth,
S 23:8 by E 70; $10.
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to George
W. Fisher, lot on north line of . Nineteenth
street. 120 E of Noe^ E 25 by.N 114; $217.
Samuel C. and Elizabeth L. Hammond to
Simon Clayburgh. lot on east line of Shotwell
street, 150 S of Twenty-fourth, S 60 by E 122:6;
$10.
Bernard M. and Wilhelmlne Albers to Eliza-
beth Wreden lot on NE corner Mason and Fil-
bert streets. *N 62:6 by E 57:6; $6300.
J B. Pon to Pauline Pon; lot commencing
20:10 S of Washington street and 110 E of Ma-
son, S 26, XV 0:1%. N 26 to beginning; also lot
on S line of Washington street, 110 E of Mason,
E 27:6 by S 107:6; gift.
Callxte Lalanne to Anna Lalanne, same (two
descriptions); gift.
Rudolph and Tillle Mohr to Elizabeth Wre-
den,- lot on SW corner of Clay and Mason
street?, S 58 by XV 27:6; also lot on S side of
Clay street, 27:6 W of Mason, W 22 by S 58;
$10,000.
C. C. and Christiana Vorrath to same, lot on
N side of Greenwich street, 62:6 W of Taylor,
W75 by N 75; $C 250.
Same to same, lot on W line of Taylor street,
106:3 N of Greenwich, N 31:3 by W 137:6; $4800.
Alamec*' County.
J. R. L. and Dollle C. Jones to Charles T.
Huniey lot on N Una of Twenty-second street,
50 XV of West, W 21. N. 42. W 3. N 68, E 24, S
100 to beginning, being portion lots 9 and 10,
block B Curtis and Williams Tract, Oakland;
$10.
O. F. and Florence F. Sites to Jennie Wal-
lace (wife of XV. L.). lot on W line of Salem
street, 100 N of Forty-third, W 150 by N 106,
tonic portion plat 6. Rancho V. and D. Per-
alta, Oakland Township; $100.
L. N. and Nellie M. Hager to Emily D.
Pennycook, lot on NE line of East Twenty-
fifth street, 117:6 SE of Nineteenth avenue, SE
SO by NE J4O, block S4, Northern Addition to
town of Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
E. C. Sessions and W. E. Barnard to same,
same. East Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Catherine Crann to Samuel Lake, lot 13,
block 35, Beaudry and Peladeau property, Oak-
land Township; $10.
Same to Georsre B. Hall, lot on NW corner of
Salem and Forty-third streets, XV 150 by N 100,
being portion plat 6, same, Oakland Township;
$100.
Belinda Gordon to Samuel Heywood, lot on
W line of Spruce street, distant 67 S from point
of Intersection of W line of Spruce street with
S line of Rose street. — 43, thence W 134:7,
N 48. E 134:7 to beginning, being portion lot
4. block 2, of T. M. Antlsell villa lots, Berkeley;
$10.
J. F. and Ray N. Towle and M. L. and
Eva J. Broadwell to Ella B. Beadle, lot on NW
line of Tw«nty-Blxth avenue, 205 SW of East
Fourteenth street, SW 95. NW 113.79. NE 95.
SE 119.56 to beginning, being lot 4 and SW
45 feet of lot 3, block 2. ' revised man of Eden
Park, subject to a mortgage for $1500, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Georce S. Beadle to M. L. Broadwell and J.
F. Towle, lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue
or Quail street, 200 W of Grand or Leviathan
street, W 46 by 8 150. block 11, lands adjacent
to Enclnal, Alameda; $10. ;
Thereza and J. F. Brandon to Angelica S.
Machado, 10.20 acres, being lot G, Map of Lands
of Estate of Joseph Soares Sequetra; also all
interest In Estate of Joseph Soares Sequelra,
deceased, Washington Township; $375.
J. S. and Dolores Munoz and G. XV. Lindy,
as executor of estate of Thomas Llndy (by J. B.
Langtree, commissioner) to Bank of Livermore,
lot 10" block 19, Map of Northern Addition to
Town of Livermore, Murray Township; $242.
Thomas A. Gochey, L Horton, G. E. Kennedy
and Mary Gochey (by Harold J. Tomblln. com-
missioner) to same, lot 4, Mountain View Tract,
Murray Township; also lots 6 and 7, Map of
Villa lots adjacent to • Northern Addition to
Town of Livermore, Murray Township; $1648.
Mary A. Stevens to Walter Uhlman, lot on
S line of Chase street, 242:6 E of Pine. E 25
by S 136:3, Oakland: $10.
John and Mary Glllam to Burflette Cornell,
lot on NW line of Howe street. 80 SW of How-
ard, SW 30 by NW 100, being lot 2. block G,
Thermal Hill (formerly the Howe Tract). Oak-
land; $10.
Margaret M, and William T. WUklns to Wil-
liam T. Hamilton, lot 19, block C-245. and S 13:9
feet of W half of lot 6. block C-275, Map of
North Oakland Homestead, Oakland; $10.
M. L. Wurts to Emily Johnson, the XV 80 feet
of lot 4, block 8, State University Homestead
Association No. 3. Berkeley; $10.
Frederick Ilsen to P. S. Sternberg, lot on
SE line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 645 SW of
East Fourteenth street, SW 25, SE 120.50, NE
25. NW 120.45, to beginning, being lot 17, block
1, Revised Map of Eden Park, Brooklyn Town-
ship; $10.
Lone Tree Cemetery (a corporation) to J. H.
Strobridge. lot 1 In Section 1, In plat 14, Lona
Tree Cemetery. Map 2, Hay wards, Eden Town-
ship; grant.
Simon Sllverberg to Gilbert Wyman, lot on
N line of Dennlson street, 95 XV of Park avenue,
XV 30 by N 100, block A. Shell Mound Tract;
also lot on W line of Park avenue, 37 N of Den-
nlson street, N 31 by W ?5, block A. same. East
Oakland; also lot on NW corner of Mountain
View avenue and Olive street, N 100 by W 140,
being lotß 4 and S, block 27. Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $10.
Cornelius Brierson to E. N. Prouty, lot 30 on
map of subdivisions 6 and 7, Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
M. Jennie Armstrong to Cornelius Brlerson,
rerecord of 145 D. 249, lot on N line of Berke-
ley way, 400 W of Grant street, N 125 by W 60.
being lot 30 on map of ranees of lots 6 and 7,
Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $300.
Alexandre and Marie Bertln to Philip E.
Bertln, lot on SW corner of University avenoe
and Milvla street, W 253 by S 150. being lots 1
•to 5. block 2. Tract A. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association; also lot 12,
block 2, Tract A, same, Berkeley; $10.
Sarah Price to J. B. and Lottie M. Price. lot
on S line of Eighth street. 7» W of Henry, S
100 by XV 30. being the W portion of lot 2, block
E2B, Oakland; gift.
Frank A. and Mary L. Leach to Emma Wels-
slg, lot on E corner of Fourteenth avenue or
Commerce street and East Twenty-second
street, thence NE 103.44, SE 197.68, SW 26.18,
SW 60.73, SW 43.14. NW 128.57. NW 65.44 to be-
ginning, being portion block 71. map of North-
ern Addition to Brooklyn, and also being por-
tion of block 140, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Oscar F. or Oscar G. Hinton to Henry B. and
Mary A. Lathrop, lot 9, block 3, Sea View
Park, Berkeley: also personal property; $600.
Mallnda A. .Williams to Edward Barney, lots
24 and 25, block D, Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $300.
George W. Drake to Anna S. Drake, lota S3
and 84, block A, Toland Tract Oakland: gift.
Ferdinand Rels Jr. and William S. Pardy
(trustees C. A. and Ellen M. Martin to Pa-
cific States Savings Loan and Building Com-
pany, 662 d 418, lot IS, block J, Golden Gate
Tract trustee's deed, Oakland; $1400.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Roy E. Lang-
worthy, lot on S line of .Walnut (or Twenty-
eecond) street, 35 E of Franklin, E 35 by S 100,
block 3, Map of Pacific Homestead, Oakland;
Charles H. Twombly to Mary M. Twombly
(wife) and Cora M. Twombly (daughter), lot
on N line of Sixteenth street, 75 E of Grove.
E 60 N 70, XV 25, N 30. W 25, S 100, to be-
Klnni'np, being a portion of block 271. Oak-
land; gift.
Elmhurst Land Company (a corporation) to
California Realty Company (a corporation) lots
14, 73, 74 and 81, Elmhuret Park, Brooklyn
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to J.
B. Earle, beginning at a point on dividing line
between Chlpman E 111-acre Tract and Aughln-
baueh 2'3-acre Tract, 100 S of Railroad avenue,
S 67. E 74, N 67, XV 74, to beginning, Alameda;
Annie E and Edward A. Bushell to Aueus-
tln S Macdonald, lot on NE line of Moss ave-
nue 491 46 SE of Oakland, BE 70 by NE 150,
being lot 16, block I, Linda Vista Terrace, Oak-
Henry Booksin to Anna L., Ethel, Edward
W and Willis S. Clayton, lot on SE corner
of Eighteenth and Linden streets, S 71:8 by
E 100, block E93, Market-street Tract, Oakland;
$10
Thomas M. and Nellie Gough to James Eng-
lish, lot on N line of Twenty-elphth street. 35
E of Union. E 50 by N 100, block H, map of
lands of Peralta Homestead Association. Oak-
land; $10. _„
James Stewart to A. D. Wilson, lot on SW
corner of East Second street and Thirteenth
avenue W 150 by S 50, block 127, Clinton, East
Oakland (wiuranty deed): $700.
A D. and'Amella E. S. Wilson to William
A. Donaldson, lot on W corner of East Twenty-
first street and Thirteenth avenue, NW 150 by
SW 50. block 127. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Augustus Gaspar to Anna Gaspar, lot on NE
line of East Sixteenth street. 100 NW of Nine-
teenth avenue. NW 60 by NE 140. being lots 7
and 8. block 34, San Antonio, East Oakland;
GeorKe K. and Bessie M. Holloway to David
B. Wilson, lot on E line of Tenth street, 305.83
S of Grayson, XV 170 by S 25, being a portion
of thfi S half of lot 4. corrected map of sub-
division of Snyder Homestead Tract, Berkeley;
Thomas F*. and Etta N. Haven to James L.
Barker lot on E line of Warrlnp street, 103
N of Channlnsr way N 100 by E 150, belnjr lots
26 and 27, map of Benton property, Berkeley;
$10
M M. and Matilda punn to J. A. Marshall,
lot on SW corner of Ward street and Telegraph
avenue. XV 157:5. S 134:6, E 119 : ii. n 139:7 to
beginning, being lots 4, 5 and 6, block F, Leon,
ard Tract. Berkeley: $100.
Elenor and John W. Hope to H. and Eliza
Blake, lot on NE line of 30- foot right of way
alonfc SW boundary line of lot 9, lands of
Brooklyn Land Company, distant 2SO SB from
SE ilne of High etreet, NE 251.82, BE to NW
line of right of way of ¦ California Railway,
thence SW to NE line of said 30-foot rlcht of
.way thence NW to beginning, being a portion
of lot 3. on mnp of lands of Brooklyn Land
Company. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Minnie R. Clarke to John Henry Nobmaa Jr.,
lot on E line of Everett street 158 S of Lin-
coln avenue. S 40 by E 116.83, being a portion
of Foley Tract. Alameda (subject to mortgage);
Julius and Isabelle Alves to Joao de Azevedo
Felrrelro, lot 8, block 4, same; $10.
Mary T. Doyle to Frank M. Pine, lot 3, block
P*W\ and E. J. Anderson to Philip Geauan,
lot on west line of Moss avenue at the divid-
ing line between lots 12 and 13, block T, re-
vised map of Oakland Heights, S 50.48. W
238.87. N 64.365. E 218.75 '.t0 beginning, being
the north portion of lot , 12. block T. revised
map of Oakland Heights, Oakland: $10.: .
S C. Blgelow to Realty Syndicate (a cor-
poration) of Fan Francisco, lots 4 to 13. block
I, lots 1, 8 and 3, block J, lots 1 to 13, block N,
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 8.
Stmr Alcatrai, Carlson, 53 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Gage. (1% hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
U S stmr Locan, Stlnson. 26 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 19 days.
SAILED.
Thursday. February 8.
Stmr Ellhu Thomson, Whitney, Oyster Har
bor.
Stmr Allca Blanchard, Jessen. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 8. 19 p la— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN
Feb 3. lat 23 41 N, lon 71 23 W— Stmx Flaance.
from New York, for Colon.
Jan — , lat 38 N. lon 38 W— Fr bark Digues
clln. hence Oct 11. for Queenstown.
Jan 9. lat 14 N. lon 23 W-Fr b*rk Eugene
Fautrel, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Ncv 23. lat 5S S, lon 63 W— Fr bark Lamorl
clere. hence Sept 21, for Mlstley.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Khr Alice Cooke— Feb 8. 4 a m. drifted In
between Fort Point buoy and fort and had to
let go both anchors. Waa towed clear by tog
Sea Queen.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb B— Bt bark Troarate.
from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed J>t> 7 — Bark
CDryphene, for Honolulu.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb B— Stmr Alca
zar, hence- Feb «.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb B— Stmr Empire, tor
San Francisco.
VENTURA — Arrived Feb B— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
USAL— Arrived Feb B— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Feb «.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb S— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Feb 6; stmr Albion, hence Feb «.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb B— Schr Alice, for San
Pedro: schr Soarrow, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb B— Stmr Cleone, hence
Feb 7.
SAN ¦ PEDRO— Arrived Feb B— Schr Mildred,
from Seattle.
ASTORIA-rArrived Feb B— Br ship Donna
Franclsca, from Rio de Janeiro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 8— Haw
stmr San Mateo. from Comox.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 8. at 2:50 p m—
Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka, for Saa Pedro.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 7— Br stmr Athos.
for Colon.
Arrived Feb 8— Shlo Aryan, hence Oct IJ.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 7— Br stmr Bea
conshlre, for Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 7— Br gtair
Abergeldie. from Oregon; Br stmr Carmar
thenshire, from San Diego.
NANAlilO— Sailed Feb S— Bark Onaway. for
Honolulu.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Feb 7— Oer ship
Silo, from Hongkong.
MANlLA— Arrived Feb 7— Br stmr Tartar,
hence Jan 11.'
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Feb 7— Ship El
well, from Melbourne.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb S— Stmr Beljcsn
land. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
Oceanic, from Llveroool. for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Feb B— Stmr Gera. from
* YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb S-Stmr Beacoii
shire. from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Feb B— Stair Braarn-
O&m, for New York,
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
Continued from Page Eight.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C F Johnson, Kapa [I Gugfrenhelmer, N T
C P Johnson, Xapa [Mrs Guggenhelmer NT
J G Richards, S Uarb JH R Gupgenhelmer.NY
J n H Guest & w, N YIP C Cachen & w N '£
Mrs J W Hayes, Colo JMrs E A Peck. N V
F S Morris, Portland Miss M Cachen. J? V
L Metelger. Or P Reuhl, Cincinnati
C Redmond, Or T Pike. Dawson
J F Carr. ¦ Dubuque |C M Hunter &w. Cal
G H Medhurst, HongklMrs E Chirm. S Rafael
Mr Blasgrave & w, Mrs It Osborn. N V
Mexico W G Curtis & w, Cal
A X Hammond. Mo G J Carr, Mass
A Xleman, Vallejo R Nixon & w, Portlnd
W W Griffith. Tucson P J Hart. New York
Dr O Newhall, Tucson 1 JE McDowell N V
J Ryan, VlrKlnla City Dr J H Payne, U S N
A C Luck, Nev G P Patton. Los Ang
H Jacoby. New York
B W McKenzie. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
A T Naher, Stockton V H Owens, wf, 8 Joss
I D Bradley, Merced C O Cushman, Chso
W I Sawyer. ElKln A W Berry. Chicago
G H Anderson, S Jose H H Rose, Pasadena
W T Parker, wf, Los A C P Vlclnl, Jackson
W J Smith. Trask J N Stipes Champagne
J A Burn, USA F Bailey, do
N Nelson. Denver L N Countryman, Ptld
Mrs W H Rogers, Bstn F Mason. Sacto
Miss R \V Masters, do W C Swain, Marysville
B \V Moore. Stockton E D Morini, Irvlngton
J B Thompson, do J M Francis Auburn
L P Swift. Fresno J W Glenn. Stockton
11. M Morrison, Loulsvl J V Shephard, M V
F Caldwell. Indian ap's H Dorey. USA
Miss S D Seely, Ohio \V Schuette, Mllwaulte
B J McGinnls Petalum M. GUmartln. *N V
W A Caswell. Sacto R G Parks, wf. Walla
J R Chase, San Jose Mrs A B Clayton, Hstn
B L Morris, Los Ang R Lausen. Stockton
H L Parrott S Dletro J H Smith, do
HL C Rosehill. NY H W Vance Merced
H M Smith. USA L C Black. San Jose
F Bamberser. Rlversd |X G Raaf. Reclamar
Dr and Mrs I E Cohen, (W( W Enos, Sacto
Berkeley jG M Thursley, Sacto
P H Smith. UBN '
LADIES AT TENNIS PLAY.
Tournament at the California Club a
Marked Success.
At the California Tennis Club's courts
yesterday afternoon a ladies* consolation
single tournament was held, which was
as successful as that of last week both In
attendance and the quality of th© play in
the final matches. Miss Mason succeeded
In winning the tournament, defeating Miss
Waterman of Alameda in the final match
after a hard struggle.
Miss Mason did not have to play her
first match. Miss Eels having defaulted.
Mis 3 Bowman's first victory was of the
same kind. In a comparatively easy
match Miss Watterman defeated Miss
Eisen. The first set was won six love,
but in the second Miss Eisen managed to
win two games. Miss Edith Chesebrough
managed to put Miss Sherwood out of the
tournament in a two-set match, the score
reading 6—3, ft— 2.
In the semi-finals Miss Mason surprised
the spectators by winning from Miss Fos
ter. 6—o, 6—o. Miss Watterman worked
her way Into the finals by defeating Miss
Chesebrough 6—o, 6—3. . -
The finals proved the best match of the
day and waa productive of first class ten-
nls. Miss Mason played her best and Mis*
Watterman forced the San Franciscan to
exert herself for every point. Not only
was each point eoritested but every grama
and both sets represented distinct tennis
struggles. The score was 6—l,6 — 1, 6—4, Mlsa
Mason winning both.
HISSED THE JUDGES
Spectators Disapprove of a Decision
at New Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. B.— Tho decision
In the fourth race to-day waa roundly
hissed, most of the spectators being con
fident that Trust Me had won. with Teu
ton second and Pat Garret third. The
Judges, however, placed Garret first.
Azua, Judge Wardell and Sidney Lucas
were the winning favorites. Tho track
was heavy. Results:
Eeven furlongs— Azua won, Prir.cs Heal aeo-
end. Scotttsh Orlt third. Time, 1:33.
One mile, selling— Lovable won, Maldstone
second. Ashalas third. Time. 1:42%*-
Selllng six furlongs-^Tudge Wardell won, Eva
Wilson second. Alvln W thtrd. Time. 1:15.
Selling, one" mile and 70 yards— Pat Garret
won. Teuton second. Trust Me third. Tltni*. 1:54.
Six furlongs— Sidney Lucas won, Aberdalo sec
ond. Matt Simpson third. Time. 1:13.
Six and a half furlongs— Parakeet won. Lord
Neville second. Cathedral third. Time, l:27>i.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— To buy a lot with cottage; must be
a bargain. Box 26C5. Call.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
t!M«O-BARGAIN: large IH-story. high ttoop.
1 V wl , nd * w cott *Pc: vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double tioorn: handsomely
raneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding «tair-
r&se and CVi-foot newel post: parlor 14x17.
«-atrrsccted dlnln* room 12x14; elttlng room
IH*l4; wainicotesl extension kitchen 10x13;
ccUlngs 12 feet hich; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices: par.try. class closet, etc.: 2 bedrooms
«nd bathroom upstair*: 7-foot high cellar un>
<!m all. wiih double-doer entrance under bay;
let tixl2o. with a rustle ftable 30x20 at end;
tnacntficent view: all for JlsOO; no agents. J.
W. XEWTON. 1130 12th aye.. near X et.. Sun-
»et tfittrict. 3 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
MODERN flats- s:^3o: containing £ and S rooms
ea<h; hishly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences; €31 Waller st.. one
block fr<-m Haight and Pierce; easy terms
F. KELSOX. Builder.
FOR eale ch»ap— House of 6 rooms, conserva-
tory and bath: lot 5."x237:€; all street and
fewer work done; will be so.d cheap on ac-
count of departure. Apply 2*l Waller «t.
jinco— '-A BAROAIN" lot 26x¥0; lmprove-
loentF; en Mtnna et_: Income property;
rer.tefl t-B rcr month. Inquire t234 Bush st.
FOR talc, cheap— New 5-story houses, 7 rooms;
lateat improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Ca»trr»-rt. cars; patent eldewalk.
INQUIRE U2 Fulton St.: fine Cats; near' City
lU'.!. within 2 blocke. '
It UAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
JTSV^-S ACRES. 1 story, 6-room house, wind
mill, tank, barn, S chicken houses, email
bearing orchard; will Include 800 laying hens,
1 horse, harness, cart, plow, harrow, small
tools; $1503 f£sh, balance 7 per cent interest;
one m'.le ?rcm pestofflce. GEO. C. YOUNG.
Petalum a.
»VERAGE income ever $1500 a year; unequaJed
location and most magmlflcent orchard home
In tiie State; sacrificed at 10500; worth $10,000;
free of debt, but peculiar cin-umstanoes com-
pel M'.e. H. D. SICKELS— THE LAND
AGENT. 10 Geary, cpp. Chronicle bldg., S. F.
ROSS VALLEY land and homes for sale at re-
duced price*. JAMES TUNSTEAD. Ean Ra-
fael.
J. W. HORN. Sl2 Main et.. PetaJuma; real es-
tate . and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list cf Sonoma County bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BORROW en diamonds ar.d Jewels; oolite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CALIFORNIA, rt-3— Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men; breakfast If desired; private family;
reference* exchiinged.
CLAEETFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call branch ofSce. 2200 Flllmcre et.
ELEVEXTH, 106— Completely furnished rooms
for tousekeeptrg-; reasonable.
FIFTH. 254. corner Clementina— Large uafur-
r.lshed rocm. perch. <tc. ; rent $4 60; references.
FIFTH. &3— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished. $20; also S, $12; con., single, $4 up.
FOLSOM, E24— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets, etove, bath; modern house; private;
tl SC week.
FOLEOM. 113S— J tunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Large sunny front
room; ti: housekeeping: bath.
HARRISON. 7Sl— Front ana back parlor, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent JU. '
HOWARD. 704. cor. Third— Neatly furnished
roomc; also housekeeping; reasonable.
JESSIE. 423 — Two eunny front rooms for house-
keeping; rent $10.
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— Lanre room
txi kitchen; newly papered; $8.
MARKET. 102S— Two rooms unfurnished or
partly furnished; IS per month.
POLK. UU— Two or three rooms, furnished;
cheap; apply before 12 m.
EIXTH. U — fferany front rooms, Jl 75 and $3 a
week; light housekeeping.
TWO large many front rooms for housekeep-
ing. 40 Twelfth st.
? ERANCH offlo* for Call advertisements and
eubecrlptlon* has been established at ;::-6 Va-
leccla at.
A EHAJfCH cfflc* for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions ha 3 been opened
at 12a Po'.k et.; open till S p. m.
A BRANCH offlee for Call ftdvertlsements and
eubscrlpUons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-tecond and Ken-
tacVy «ts.; cpen till > p. ra.
lIOOMS TO LET — Fora, and I nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUfiE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
V- to (1 per night; tl 15 to JO per week, and
ligbt housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; «-levaf>r:
bath: rooms £0c to II to day. MRS. J. KING.
AT VI Second— Nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 60 to $2 £0 a week.
A-'THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
JolrJna; the Rasa Hotel; 84 rooms; all pricea.
BOHEMIA. 2JS Port., cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner autte aad single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 142« Market et. (old No. ISC4)— Fur-
nitbed rms., tultes, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON, 12M Market, cor. Golden Gate
eve. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSD7IED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
FIFTEENTH, 1550. between Mission and How-
erd— Neatly furnished rocm; $.5 per month.
FOL6OM, £24— Jl a week; large eunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private; ring !d floor belL
FOL6OSC. &C 5. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny '
furnished rocms; rultee or single; new mgmt.
FOURTH. 222 - Nicely furnished bay-window
tad rlr.gie rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House) — Sunny rooms;
lay windows: run. water; cas; $1 25 to $2 50.
G"ARY. 405 <The Navarre)— Ele«rar.tly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite cr Blr.gle. MRS. 11. HYEit.
GRAND SOL'THERN'. eouthea«t ccr. Seven;h
end Mission etR. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tir.rie: ladles' parlor; reading rccra; elevator.
GRANT eve., 21 (Th» Wellington)— A family
rooming hocse; elegantly furnished rooms;
prates, eas, bath, hot and cold water; 60c to
tl £.?> r-er day; T2 60 to $7 per week.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rocmins house: II CO to $6 per week.
HOWARD. C4s— New house; latest Improve-
ment*: running water In every room.
HOWARD. K»— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
r..i.-!.:. Jl-J3 t*r week: Howard cars to door.
JFFSir;. 273— Furnished room; $4 per month;
private family.
KEARNY «t.. near Chronicle— Suite of t or 1
ejeeant perlora suitable for a club of genxle-
Ti>en; rent reasonable. Address box 2C23, Call.
KEARNY. 813 — Eunny front milte; new furni-
ture; call «ifte.rnoon.
LEIDEEDORFF. lit— Parties seeking a quiet
lodging-house please call; recently changed
hands and newly furnished. -
MINNA, €67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; transient.
MISSION. 1055— Single rooms, $6; rooms for
two. tB.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
riOTAL Hon»e. lie E!l!s at.— lncandescent light.
Ttrbi'.r.p rocm, rmoklng room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nlirht. 2Sc to tl 60; week, tl to
r'; month, J? to ! 0; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROFT^DALi; House. 21» &. Zi\ rails et.— Rooms
night. 25c to tl; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
¦HEP.MAS Apartment Hou«e, 2S Eighth «t..
r.ear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 126— P'jnny rooms suitable /or two gen-
tlemen; quiet bouse.
rHE Oaks, 118 Third— A (rood rooming home.
for rood people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
rURK. 23— Gunny front rooms.
'JOItROW en planon. f ornlture, diamonds,
r-alntings: eecrecy.' Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
X DHANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
et \Z7Z PoJk r\.\ open until » p. m.
X URANCjI office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103 C Va-
leocta «t.
I BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubsrr!pt!ons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucVy «ta.; open tmtll > p. ra.
"rooms wa.vtep.
PWO rooms and bath, connected. In Thirty-
ninth Assembly District, by single man. Ad-
<2rep<» box 2CSS. Call office.
BPECIALi~>OTICES.
lOOMS papered from $1; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hertmtn Paint Co.. Jl9 Third.
UD tenant* ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COT.LKCTION CO..
*1t Montr-ornery ft.. rtvimß 0-10: tel. C*2o.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
*E?CTED, repaired, bought, aold; machine sop-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s cth: phone Mint 4i.
tLL kinds bought, sold, ezrhanced. rented; re-
tAlrins *t lowest rates. 205 Fourth it
STORAGE . AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 451 Pott St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 6713.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEIIKELEV REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern, Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. Fortler. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlFcrm-ntR end subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOM 9.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunnr rooms; newly fur-
nished; near to narrow gauge.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tiserr.ents and EUbscrlptlor.s received.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furaltare dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlsetr.gnts and tubs-rlptlon? iecelved.
DIVIDES KD^XOTICBS.
DIVn}END~NOTICE^Dl vldendv Idend No. « (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
I after Thursday, February 15, 1900. Transfer
I books will close on Friday, February 9. IMO,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
j E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
! DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 12 (35 cents
. per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
i Ccmpany will be payable at the office of the
I comijeny, 327 Market street, on and after Sat-
urday. 'February 10. 1900. Transfer books
closed on Monday, February 5, 1900, at 3
o'clock v. m. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
PROPOSALS.
SAN~ FRANCISCO. Cal.. February 7. 1900.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m.. March 9. 1900.
and then opened, for furnlsning oats, barley
and bran, for Presidio of San Francisco, Cal..
during ren-.alnder of fiscal year ending June
30. 1900. Government reserves ri^ht to reject
or accept any and all bids, or any part there-
of. Preference given to articles of domestic
producticn conditions of quality and price
(Including in the price of foreign productions
the duty therein) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast to extent
of consumption required by the public service
there Information furnished on application to
J M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster
General, U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
V S ENGINEER Office. Flood butldinjr. San
Francisco. Cal.. January 4. 1900— Sealed pro-
posaJe for erecting double draw-ipan bridge,
approaches thereto ard piers therefor, across
tidal canal at Frultvale aye., near Alameda,
Cal. will be received here until 12 nocn. Feb-
ruary 10. l»00. Information on application.
XV. H. HEUER. Major. Engineer*.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses hare been issued as follows:
P.obert Burns. 25. 647 Howard street, and
Margaret F. O'Brien. 27, 547 Howard street.
Joseph D. Loughrey, 24, 1623 Post 6treet. and
Tessie M. Carew. 21. 2120 Central avenue.
John H. Schroder. 40. 78 Jackson street, and
Christine Olsen. 21, 231 Hyde street.
James G. Wilson. 39. 1513 Turk street, and
Marlon E. Hadley. 29, 110 Alabama street.
Pierre C Pauly, SO, Deer Lodge, Mont., and
Marie J. Pucheu. 19. 2307 Pine Etreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS,
B'.rth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MACGART— In this city, January 7. 1300, to
the wife of J. B. Maccary. a son. - . ."
MARRIED.
SCHUSTER— HASCH— In Reno, Nev., Febru-
ary S, 1300, Milton Schuster and Johanna
Hatch, both of Ppn Francisco.
~" DIED.
Anglin. Mrs. Viola G. Lydlatt, Ida B.
Barker. Robert McCabe. Terrene*
Boudan. Alcide McClellen. Minnie B.
Christensen. Carlo McMenomy. Thos. G.
Clark, Mary E. Mees-ina. Rosa
Gordon. Maggie Murphy. Martin D.
Cottschalk. John F. O'Neill. Edward W.
Ureenberg, Sam Ryan, William H.
Hammel, Mary Schuerg. George
Hayes. Joseph Shea. Con
Henry. George Sullivan. Edmund F.
Herring. John M. Sweeney. Margaret A.
Julian. Charles . Thelsen, John
Kenney, Catherine
ANGLIN— In Oakland, February 8, 1900, Mrs.
Viola Gladys Anjrlin. wife of W. E. Anglin, I
only daughter of Mrs. Maud Rochford and the
late J. C. Rochford. and sister of Raymond
Rochford, aged 20 years 8 months and 23 days.
C7lnterment at Sacramento.
BARKER— In the City and County Hospital.
February E, ISO), Robert Barker, a native of
California, aged 40 years.
BOUDAN— In San Jose. February 7. 1900, Aldde
Boudan. bHoved stepfather of Edmond Bon-
net. Mrs. Mary Glbelin dv Py. Mrs. Loulae
Pierret, fatber-ln-law of Mrs. Louise Bou-
dan, and grandfather of Octave Glbelln
dv Py. Pierre Glbelln dv Py and Mrs. Na-
thalie Scripture, a native of France, aged
75 years.
EfTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
February Jl. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. S. Godeau, 305 Montromery avenue,
thencw to Notre Dame dcs Victoires French
Church, and thence to Druids' Hall. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city, February 8, 1900,
Carlo, beloved *on of M. P. and Nanny
Christensen, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 5 months and 19 days.
CLARK— In this city, February 8, 1900, Mary
Elizabeth, daughter of James H. and Lizzie
Clark, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
days.
GORDON— In this city, February 7, 1900, Mag-
gie, belo\*ed wife of Patrick Gordon, mother
of Louisa Gordon, and sister of Patrick and
John Connelly, Mrs. Kate Daly and Mrs. Lou
Flynn. a native of the parish of Drlmoleague,
County Cork, Ireland, aged E5 years and 11
months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Klghth and Ninth, tlwnce to St. Francis
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GOTTSCHALK— In this city, February 8. 1900,
John Ferdinand August Gottschalk, beloved
husband of the late Anna B. Gottschalk. and
father of Samuel Gottschalk. Mrs. Edward J.
Heveren, Mrs. Hero* F. Byrne and the late
Frederick XV. Gottschalk. a native of Sles-
wlck, Holsteln, aged 86 years.
GREENBEHG— In this city, February «, 1900,
Bam Greenberg, a native of Russia, aged 33
years. • ¦•
JETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of N. Gray
Sc Co.. 641 Sacramento etreet, thence by the
8:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Interment Salem Cemetery.
HAMMEL— In this city, February 7, 1900. Mary,
beloved wife of Gustav Hammel,- a native of
the city of Kassan, Hungary, aged 31 years.
HAVES— At Paralso Sprints, Joseph, beloved
husband of Henrietta Hayes, son of the late
Philip llayeß. and brother of Mrs. Alice Wal-
terstein, a native of Kan Francisco, aged 30
years.
tcyFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), from the residence of his father-
in-law. SCB California street, thence to St.
Mary's Church. Dupont and California streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment strictly private.
HENRY— In the City and County Hospital.
February 8, ir*o. G*org» Henry, a native of
New Jersey, aged 41 years.
HERRING— In the City and County Hospital.
February 8, 1900. John M. Herring, a native
of Germany, aged 78 years.
JULIAN— In Alameda. February 7, 1900, Charles
Julian, a native of France, ared C 2 years.
¦^•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t» attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of C. H. Wever, 15C2 Park street. In-
terment private.
KENNEY— In this city, February 6, 1900. Cath-
er'ne, beloved wife of Patrick Kenney, and
mother of the late James F. Kenney. Mrs.
p H. McVey and Mrs. D. J. Leary, a native
of County Roscommon. Ireland.
CTThe funeral . will take place .this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. ¦ Mrs. D. J. L*ary. 618 Oak
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church. whe»e
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to' Flan nagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
mcAuov «fc co.. S
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.I
1235 Market st, between Bth and Sth. I
Telephone South 247. |
present at the meeting to substantiate
his charges.
The saie of Dr. Rowell's horses will take
place in the paddock at noon to-day. Tom
Cromwell, Whitcomb, Sybaris, Satsuma.
Dr. Berrtays and Blooming Chanca will
pass under the hammer.
There is every likelihood of tho three
starters in yesterday's raca meeting again
on Saturday. The association over the
bay agreed to hang up another JIOOO purse.
and if the race takes place Yellow Tall
will be allowed seven pounds, making his
weight 110. Alex Shields thinks Advance
Guard can beat Brode, while Johnny
Schorr only smiles. At the weights and
ridden "differently Foster & Hackett's colt
is apt to down both.
To-Day's Entries .
First race, one mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling: ¦ •
683 Durward XX 735 Lady Brftannio. 9*
745 Vinctora, 93 72i Loa Prletoa 103
706 Llzzella 1)1' ... Maazanlllo 130
740 Uterp ....: 93' 74T Tempo 103
165 Scintillate 1911 ... Hannah Reid .. 96
706 My Dear »3! 70© Correct 95
Second race, one mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling:
739 Stuttgart ....... 118 1 734 Rlxfonl 101
739 Glengaber 119 743 Sylvan La*» ...114
719 J. V. Half 104 750 Essence 101
Third race, seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
7^ Slsquoc 106' 730 Zlsk* tl
737 Antler 1051 737 Mission IDS
734 Mont Eagle ....1051 (7-o)Florablrd 108
750 Edgardo 100;
Fourth race, six furlongs; four-year-olds aa4
upward; selling;:
743 Perseus 104; T4J Good Hope 198
733 Grand Sachem...lo4 735 Jingle Jingle ...10J
755 Montallade 1041
Fifth race, seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; ¦elltoc:
743 Faversham 113 i T4l Wyoming ?1»
740 Alarta 1071 751 Sister Alice ....IOT
734 Inverary II ....109t 751 Don Luis U>
743 None Such 112 i
Sixth race, six furlongs; four-year-old* and
upward; selling: . .. •:
(752) Peace I<M[ 747 Jack McCabe ... M
74S Sallie Goodwin..lOO, 714 Tlburon »
752 Harry- Thoburn.lo3 745 Wild Het 100
(74S)Katie Gibbons. ..lo4 l (742)Dogtown 11l
740 Monrovia 100' 732 Pomplno »»
747 Ringmaster 102| 752 Rosalbra 1*»
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Tempo. Lady Britannic. Le« Prle
tos.
Second raca—Essence, Glensaber. Stuttgart.
Third race—Florablrd, Mont Eagle. Mission.
Fourth race—Jingle Jingle. Good Hope. Mon
tallade.
Fifth race— Wyoming, Sister Alice. Don Lois.
Sixth race—Peace. Pomplno. Monrorl*.
lot 1. block O,' the-SE 125 feet of lota W, -M
and 15. block P, lots 2 to 29. block Q, lots 15
to 19. 22 to 27. and NE 10 feet of lot 20, block
R, on map of Thermal Hill (formerly Howe)
Tract. Oakland: $25,000.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Jen-
nie Martin, lots 2 and 13 In plot 40, Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $120. .
Josephine and Francis Champion to George
Sterling, lot on south line of Blair avenue, 600
XV of North or Vernal avenue, W 180:10. S 176:3,
B ISS. N 206:11, to beginning:, being a portion
of lot 6, B, part B, on subdivision map of
the Bowman Tract, also being the S portion
of block B, Huntoon Tract, Piedmont, Oakland,
Township; $10.
E. B. Owens to M. H. Owens, undivided one-
half interest in lot on west line of Verdi street.
45 S of Railroad avenue, S 40 by W ICO, Ala-
meda: $10.
Elizabeth Hannah to Florence Holden, lot on
southeast line of Broadway, 250 SW of Central
avenue. SW 50 by SE 140:2, belns a portion of
lot IS on map of subdivision of one-half acre
lots In Hays & Caperton Tract, Alameda; $10.
Jans F. Winant to Sarah C. Maillot, lot on
southeast line of Pine street, 127:4 NE from B
corner of Pine street and Central avenue, NH
27:4 by SE 121, Alameda; "$lO.
J. B. and Lou M. Carlo to Julius A. and
Elizabeth H. Remmel, lot beginning at a point
on dividing line between Chlpman E 111-acre
tract and Aughlnbaugh 223-acre tract distant
225 S from South Railroad avenue, S 75 by E
74, Alameda; $10.
Julius A and Elizabeth H. Remmel to Sam-
uel McHenry, lot beginning at a point on di-
viding line between the Chlpman B 111-acre
tract and Aughlnbaugh 223-acre tract distant
225 S from South Railroad avenue, S 76* by E
74, Alameda: $10. --
H. 11. and Emily Adams to. George T. Haw-
ley, lot 11 of Lane's subdivision of lots 21 to
2S, block A, Buenaventura Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
William H and Helen C. Ford to Joseph Ty-
son. Howard Overacker Jr and Jullen E. Ja-
cobus, lots 11 and 12, block 67. Town of Nlles,
Washington Township; $2500.
Byron D. Morrlll to Carrie T. Hamburg. Wal-
ter 8., George A. and Harry W. Morrill. Susie
E. Taylor and Maybel L. Morrill. lots 7. 8, 9,
block 57, Map of Southern Addition to Town
of Livermore. Murray Township; gift.
Louis Meyer .and as trustee William J.
Meyer (minor) to William J. Meyer, lot on W
line of Campbell street. 150:7 S of Railroad
avenue. S 25 by XV 75. being lot 23, block £00,
Map of Gibbons' Property at Oakland Point,
Oakland; $1.
Pierce & Co. (a corporation) to John McMul-
lln. lot on XV line of Filbert street, 90 N of
Eighth, N 30 by XV 100. Oakland; $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to R. P. M.
Greely, lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street,
381 W of Grove, W 40 by S 120:3. being: a por-
tion of lots 7 and 8, block C, Map of Property
of Central' Land Company, subject to a mort-
gage for $2000. Oakland: $10.
Mary Matthews to William H. J. Matthews,
lot on W line of Brush street, 51:10^ N of
Seventeenth, S 61:10>4. W 110. N 51:10 H. E 110.
to beginning, being lot 10, block E, lands of the
Oakland Union Homestead Association, Oak-
land: gift.
Catharine Schelb to George C. Eitel and
Frank H. Lambert. lot on N line of West
Seventeenth street, 67:3 E of Cypress, E 37:6
by N 104:9. being lot 24 and portion of lot 23,
block 602, . Scotchler Tract, subject to a mort-
gage for $S5O; also subject to life, estate of
first party, Oakland; gift.
Heinrike Goss to Wilhelmlne Setxer (Gost),
lot on S line of Montgomery street, 150 XV of
Union, W 50 by S 100, being lot 2. block I,
new map of portion of Lynn Homestead, East
Oakland; $10.
A. C. Freese (administrator estate Jens P.
Mortensen) to Therese Helberp, all interest In
lot on S corner of Twenty-second ¦ avenue and
East Fifteenth street. SE 23 by SW 100; also
lot on SE line of Twenty-second avenue, 100
SW of East Fifteenth street, SE 25 by SW 40,
East Oakland; $550.
William P. and Caroline F. Kern to J. W.
Klumpke, undivided half Interest In lot on S
line of Effle street. 255 W of Lowell. W 40
by S 132:6, being lot 5 and portion lot 6, block
24. on map of resubdlvtslon of Smith's Sub-
division Matthews Tract, Berkeley; $40.
Home Building Company (a corporation) to
John C. Goulart, lots 8 and 6, Forest Park
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Walter E. and Annie E. Logan to Richard
and Elizabeth A. Christlanson. lot on E line of
Champion street, ' 100 N of Chicago avenue. E
120.64. N 50, W 120.76. S 50. to beginning, being
lots 6 and 6, block B. Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
John Ellsworth (executor estate Maria C.
Sllva (or Ruling) to T. M. James, all interest
In lot on SW corner Stanton street and the
Powers Tract, S 84;6 by W 257:6, Alameda:
$230*.
Builders' Contracts.
Independent Electrlo Light and Power Com-
pany (owners) with C. Krecker (contractor),
architects Reid Bros.— Carpenter work of main
central power station between Humboldt and
Twenty-third (Nevada) streets, from W.
Georgia eastward; $9643.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Thursday. February 8. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast,
TRACK
NOTES
Continued from Twelfth Pag».
PALMFLOWER
WINNER AT
INGLESIDE
Lady Geraldine Beats Little
Fullerton at Mo 20 in an
Exciting Course.
The features of the midweek coursing
at Ingleside yesterday were the sensation
al defeat of a 20 to 1 favorite. Little Ful
lerton, by Lady Geraldlne and the splen
did work of Russell. Allen & Wilson's lit
tle white and black bitch Palmflower, the
stake winner. Laay Geraldlne finally took
third money, going down before Tod
Sloan. Tod Sloan was tied with Palm
flower for first money at the end of the
fifth course, but he had run several very
hard courses and hi 3 owner wisely with
drew him and allowed Palmflower to take
the stake by default. The hares were in
fine fettle and the sport was exceptionally
good. A number of short-enders got the
flag and although the majority played
lucky in doing so the sensational win of
Lady Geraldlne was only scored alter a
long and evenly contested course to the
very last. The courses were generally
long, several being over two minutes"
duration. But few of the hares reached
the escapes. Among the winning short
ends were the following:
Vixen beat Gold Hill, 2—4; Masterpiece beat
Sleighbells. I—7; Palmflower beat Los Angeles,
I— 2V4; Campania beat Bald Eogle.lVfr— 3H: Hard
Lines beat Sir John Arnott, I**— 2*4; Lady Ger
aldlne beat Campania, 1—1%; Little Fullerton
beat Statesman. I— 2S; Lady Geraldlne beat
Little Fullerton. 1—20; Palmflower beat Vul
can. 2— 2>4; Hard Lines beat Candelarla, I—2;
Tod Sloan beat Firm Foe, 2— 2M.
The results follow:
Midweek stake, first round— Connell Bros."
Dunmore beat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty,
3—l; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat J. Dean's
Mlalmo, 5—3; Lowe & Thompson's King Bor
derer beat Sam Handy* s Free and Easy, 7—3;
F. Moran's False Flatterer beat L. Wigirlna'
Dexter P.. 17— C; J. O'Dowd'i Clifton Lass
beat H. O. Nichols" Yreva, 4—l; J. R. Smith's
Victor beat Kay Bros." Sir Rothnell. 8—1; A.
L. Austin's Firm Foe beat T. Cox's Halrbraln,
4—2; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom beat
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara, 8—1; Frank X.
Foley*» Alarue beat George Buhn's Aloha, 7— «;
Curtis & Son's .Vulcan beat Captain C. Ander
son's Defiance. B—6;8 — 6; T. J. Cronin's Vixen beat
J. Seggerson's Gold Hill, 12—5; Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Palmflower beat A. L. Austin's Los
Angeles, 12—1; T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott
beat Dave Byrne's Mollie Hogan. 6—l; M B.
Kavanaugh'n Hard Lines beat Kelly & Con
roy's Kitty Lee, 22—3; J. Seggerson's Candel
arla beat George Breuhn's Monogram, 6—o; R.
Attridge's Masterpiece b«at W. C. Olasson's
Slelghbells, 2—l: W. Perry's Campania beat A.
Johnson's Bald Eagle, 11—7; J. Rounlng's
(names) Lady Geraldine beat T. Nevins' Nellie
N., 13—5; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat Kelly
& Conroy*s Magnolia, 4—o;4 — 0; Lowe & Thomp
son's Little Fullerton beat J. Olsen'a Sunburst,
Second round— Tod Sloan beat Dunmore. s—o;
King's Borderer beat False Flatterer; 7— «; Vic
tor beat Clifton Lass, 6—2; Firm Foe beat
Wandering Tom, 10—3; Vulcan beat Alarue,
6—l; Palmflower beat Vixen, 6—o; Hard Lines
beat Sir John Arnott, 7— «; Candelarla beat
Masterpiece, 18 — 1; Lady Oeraldlns beat Cam
pania. D—7: Little Fullerton beat Statesman.
Third round— Tod Sloaa beat King's Borderer,
B—2; Firm Foe beat Victor. 7—o; Palmflower
beat Vulcan, B—7; Hard Lines beat Candelarla,
13—8; Lady Geraldlne beat Little Fullerton,
9-8.
Fourth round— Tod Sloan beat Firm Fo«,
18—10; Palmflower beat Hard Lines. 18—5; Lady
Geraldlne a bye.
Fifth round— Tod Sloan beat Lady Geraldls»;
Palmflower a bye. .
Final— Palmflower won. Tod Sloan withdrawn.
INGLESIDE STAKES.
Ingleslde Coursing Park management
has arranged a puppy stake and an open
stake for this week's card. The puppy
stake will be entirely disposed of on Sat
urday, coursing commencing at 1 p. m.
The open stake will be run through on
Sunday, commencing at 11:30 a. m. Th«
draw resulted as follows:
Puppy stake, thirty-two dogs-^T. J. Crontn's
Vandal vs. George Plnto's Glad Hand; F. Pat
terson's Fir* Queen vs. J. Farley's Bannock
burn; F. A. McComb's Watt a Bit vs. J.
Flower's Keystone; P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter vs. Al Austin's Los Angeles; P. M.
Clarkson's Flower of Gold vs. Connell Bros.'
Master Morse; F. X. Foley's Alarue vs. M.
Dunlea's Erin; J. H. Perigo's Pennegrant vs.
A; J. Kemp's Move Out; Bartels Bros.' Betsey
Barrow vs. J. J. Edmonds" Go On; E. Geary's
America vs. Connell Bros.' Kilkelly; J. O'Far
rell's Mantle Hill vs. J. Caveney's Juliette;
Connell Bros.' Clover vs. George Plnto's Mis
chief; J. H. Perigo's Querita Vincent vs. Bar
tels Bros.' Banner Bright; Connell Bros.'
Green Isle va. F. Patterson's Fire Laddie;
Curtis A Son's Pandora vs. T. J. Cronin's
Thorndale: D. Reardon's Mollie R. vs. T. J.
Cronin'a Terry McGovern; W. Stark's Thun
derbolt vs. J. CFarrell's Black Marcus.
Open stake, forty-eight dogs — E. M. Kel
logg's Ben's Babe vs. 11. A. Deckelman's Fly
away; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom vs. O.
J. Olsen' s Sunburst; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty vs. J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl; J.
Dickson's Black Bess vs. J. Finn's Johnny F;
S. V. O'Neill's Queen Kelp vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Glen Chloe; M. J. Dougherty's Spring
field Boy vs. Al Austin's Firm Foe; D. Toland's
Twilight Jr. vs. J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; M.
J. Dougherty's Hartford Lass vs. P. Horgan's
Lucretia Borgia; J. Carroll's Auckland ts. P.
M. Clarkson's Blackhawk; P. Horgan's Manila
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Prince George; J.
Strehl's Jimmy Cork vs. Russell. Allen & WU
son'B Belle Clalr; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Julius Caesar vs. Larkey & Rock's Liberty
Bell; J. Strehl'B Moonlight Chippy vs. Kay
Bros.' Hawker; Sterl & Knowlea' Sleety Mist
vs. J. Mooney's Silent Treasure; E. M. Kel
logsr's Hummer vs. T. Murphy's Tea Rose: E.
D. Fallon's Lily of the West vs. H. G. Nlchol's
May Herschel; T. A. Gafteney's Sir John Ar
nott vb. J. J. Edmonds" Mornir-s Glory; J.
Carroll's Bluestone vs. Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Rosle Clalr; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl
vs. J. Ronnlng's T>empßey Las*: Lynch ft
Foulke's Baumelster vs. J. H. Ferlgo's Coa
troller- J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara; J. Dean's Mlalmo vs. J.
Sesrgerson's Candelarla; Corjnell Bros. Log
Boy vs. E. M. Kellogg' s Lady Gilmore; George
Lahusen's Firefly vs. J. Strehl's Three Cheers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
754. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $«0O
Time— V4. :13; "4. :37; %, 1:02%; %. 1:28%. Good start Won easily, second and third driving
Winner, Bums & Waterhouse's b. f., by Klngllke-Ralndrop. • Rachel had nothing to beat
755. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up;, purse. $350.
Time— 3-16 :18ft; 7-18, :43% : 5V4f. 1:07%. Good start. Won easily second and third driving.
Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. g.. by St. Carlo-Santa Cruz. Winner bad speed and dis
tance Just suited. Route too short for Montallade. Mike Rico la stale. Scratched—De
lecta 102. ._„:„ „ „„„„„„„„„-„„„„„-.-.-.-,, '
7— t
11
ndex. Horae. Weight. |St.
730 Rachel C 107~2
737 Choteau 112 1
737 The Echo 107 6
729 Aborigine ...109 3
719 Rlxford ...:..... 109 4
1 H
Sh
4 h
2 1
6
Mm. %m. Str.
1 M 11 1 *
BhB 1 8 4
2 4 2 h 1 h
4 2 4 H 4tt
6 5 6
Fin.
1 3
2 4
S3
4 8
5
[ Jockeys. |<
Builman
E. Ross
Jenkins
E. Jones
T. Walsh
Betting.
Op. Cl.
9-20 7-20
15 30
S 13
4 6
19 13
ndex Horse. Age. Weight. |St. %m. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. |- Jockeys. |Op. q.
714 St. Cuthbert, 6 ....10S 4 ... In 12 18 12 Jenkins 3-5 3-5
670 Btorm King. C 11l 2 ... 2hi 21 » 1 ' * PlKKOtt 8 W
714 Montallade. a 103 3 ... 3 2 6 6 SIT. Walsh 2 U-5
738 Croker, 4 104 8 ... 6\i 6h 8 1 4 3 B. Rosa 80 60
676 Gold Baron, 4 105 5 ... 4% 42 Sh SH Bullman ...... li 13
731 . Mlka Rice, a 10S 1 ... 6 3 H ihi « E. Jones 20 30
! ndex.J Horse. Weight. [St.
(717) F. W. Brode 114 1
661 Advance Guard ....117 8
(6C7) Yellowtail -H7 2
%m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys.- |Op.
"26 STf 2~h 8~" Ins T. Burns | 2~
3 3 3 2 2 J J Bullman 2
\Vt 12 12 1H 3 Spencer t-3
Cl
12-.
X-
ndex. Howe, Age. Welght.jSt.
722 Horton. 4 • »J J
722 Imperious. 5 I£> J
747 Formero. -4 ....... ...lOj 1
723 Catastrophe 6 .....10< f
739 Mary . Klnsella. E...KH 5
730 Sisquoc, 3 92 4
742 New Moon, a 101 7
740 Brown Prince, 5.... 93 6
Horse.
Age.
Weight. |St.
Km.
8
HH
3 h
2 1
Itt ¦
5 h
6 1
M,m.
Vim.
*
1 n
3 n
2 2
7 2
5 h
6 h
4 1
Vim.
7 6
1 n
3 2
2 2
4 2
E h
6 1 .
8
%m.
Str.
4 1
1 1
2H
In '
6 5
82
¦ 7 3
8
Str.
Fin. j Jockeys. |Op. - Cl.
1 h T. Walah 4 4
2 2 Henry • %
3 1 Jenkins 1-5 3-5
4 n Kullman 4 7-2
510 Vittltoe 8 8
SlO Buchanan .... 12 30
710 E. Ross 100 80
8 H. Stuart 100 300
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |bt.
733 Headwater, 4 107 1
63S Novla, 5 ,105 4
747 Del Paso 11, a 110 3
741 Pat Morrissey. 6.. ..107 8
748 Theory..4 i..10S 2 :
746 Cormorant, 4 ; 11l 5
%m. ?4in.. tstr.
2 h 6 h 81 51
52 41 42 42
6 6 6 6
4 1 -1 h 11 lh
¦ Hi 31 3<i 31
3,1 2 1 2 2 2^
fin.
1 X
2 1
3 1
4 n
5 1
6
I jociceys. iup. t,l.
Vltttto* I 6-5 13-10
T. Walsh 6 4
Spencer 10 12
Bullman 4 g
Jenkins 10 10
Plggott 3 4
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |bt.
733 Headwater, 4 107 1
63S Novla, 5 ,105 4
747 Del Paso 11, a 110 3
741 Pat Morrissey. 6.. ..107 8
748 Theory..4 i..10S 2 :
746 Cormorant, 4 ; 11l 5
%m. ?4in.. tstr.
2 h 6 h 81 51
52 41 42 42
6 6 6 6
4 1 -1 h 11 lh
¦ Hi 31 3<i 31
3,1 2 1 2 2 2^
fin.
1 X
2 1
3 1
4 n
5 1
6
I jociceys. iup. t,l.
Vltttto* I 6-5 13-10
T. Walsh 6 4
Spencer 10 12
Bullman 4 g
Jenkins 10 10
Plggott 3 4
! ndex.J Horse. Weight. [St.
(717) F. W. Brode 114 1
661 Advance Guard ....117 8
(6C7) Yellowtail -H7 2
%m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys.- |Op.
"26 STf 2~h 8~" Ins T. Burns | 2~
3 3 3 2 2 J J Bullman 2
\Vt 12 12 1H 3 Spencer t-3
Cl
12-.
X-
ndex. Howe, Age. Welght.jSt.
722 Horton. 4 • »J J
722 Imperious. 5 I£> J
747 Formero. -4 ....... ...lOj 1
723 Catastrophe 6 .....10< f
739 Mary . Klnsella. E...KH 5
730 Sisquoc, 3 92 4
742 New Moon, a 101 7
740 Brown Prince, 5.... 93 6
Horse.
Age.
Weight. |St.
Km.
8
HH
3 h
2 1
Itt ¦
5 h
6 1
M,m.
Vim.
*
1 n
3 n
2 2
7 2
5 h
6 h
4 1
Vim.
7 6
1 n
3 2
2 2
4 2
E h
6 1 .
8
%m.
Str.
4 1
1 1
2H
In '
6 5
82
¦ 7 3
8
Str.
Fin. j Jockeys. |Op. - Cl.
1 h T. Walah 4 4
2 2 Henry • %
3 1 Jenkins 1-5 3-5
4 n Kullman 4 7-2
510 Vittltoe 8 8
SlO Buchanan .... 12 30
710 E. Ross 100 80
8 H. Stuart 100 300
ndex. Horae. Weight. |St.
730 Rachel C 107~2
737 Choteau 112 1
737 The Echo 107 6
729 Aborigine ...109 3
719 Rlxford ...:..... 109 4
1 H
Sh
4 h
2 1
6
Mm. %m. Str.
1 M 11 1 *
BhB 1 8 4
2 4 2 h 1 h
4 2 4 H 4tt
6 5 6
Fin.
1 3
2 4
S3
4 8
5
[ Jockeys. |<
Builman
E. Ross
Jenkins
E. Jones
T. Walsh
Betting.
Op. Cl.
9-20 7-20
15 30
S 13
4 6
19 13
ndex Horse. Age. Weight. |St. %m. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. |- Jockeys. |Op. q.
714 St. Cuthbert, 6 ....10S 4 ... In 12 18 12 Jenkins 3-5 3-5
670 Btorm King. C 11l 2 ... 2hi 21 » 1 ' * PlKKOtt 8 W
714 Montallade. a 103 3 ... 3 2 6 6 SIT. Walsh 2 U-5
738 Croker, 4 104 8 ... 6\i 6h 8 1 4 3 B. Rosa 80 60
676 Gold Baron, 4 105 5 ... 4% 42 Sh SH Bullman ...... li 13
731 . Mlka Rice, a 10S 1 ... 6 3 H ihi « E. Jones 20 30Sine Cura Club Hop.
One of the swellest affairs in the Mis
sion this season was given last night by
the Sine Cura Club at Hinman's Hall,
this being their sixth hop. The affair
proved a delightful success to the many
young people present. The club, a very
popular one in the Mission, takes great
pride in these hops, and though urged to
give many more, limits Itself to one or
two each season.
The success of the occasion was due
mainly to the following, ,who composed
the reception committee: George F.
Welch, Julia Kenefick. John E. O'Connor,
Loretto M. Lahaney, Minor Q. Leddy and
Margaret E. Collum.
The San Franrlico Matzo Co.. factory and
tain office at 1120 Howard rt-, telephone South
17. Eample* already. Matzos. 6c per pound;
tatzc meal. 8c per pound; mttzos baked with
tr*. ttc per pound; tnaerones. 40c per pound,
irder* also taken at KM Folsom »t., telephone
¦oltcm 9»L
AmmmßMK, office
pfSlSf FURNITURE
Rustic initials in sterling silver and gold
for fine pocketbooks at 25, 40 and 73 cents
each. Nothing bo good for the money in
the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar-
ket street. •
YOUNG WOMAN
DRINKS POISON
Suicide of Miss Hill at
Paradise.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO, Feb! B.— Yesterday afternoon at
Paradise, in this county, Miss Sallle L.
Hill, a highly respected young woman,
committed suicide by taking carbolic acid.
The girl had been busy assisting her
mother in the household duties until noon,
and after dinner she went to take a bath.
Nothing more was seen of her until about
3 o'clock, when she rushed into the sit
ting-room screaming, "Mother, I have
drunk all the carbolic acid in the house."
Sne then ran through to her room and fell
on the bed. A doctor was hastily sum
moned, but the girldled at 3:30 in great
agony.
The father, when interviewed, said that
he feared some love affair was responsi
ble for the girl's action, though her man
ner had not Indicated that her mind was
troubled. Deputy Coroner Collins will
bold an inquest to-morrow.
BIGGY MAKES MORE RAIDS
Japanese Women Said to Have
Been Victimized by Bogus
Police.
Acting Chief of Police Biggy, with Ser
geants Donovan, McMahon and Duke,
raided the houses of ill-fame conducted
by Japanese women last night. About
seventy-five prisoners were taken to the
California-street station, forty-eight of
them being women and the others Chi
nese, Japanese and white men, who were
charged with having visited houses of ill
fame.
Since the acting Chief determined to
closes house of ill-fame in Chinatown and
raided those occupied by Chinese women,
the Chinamen have been visiting the Jap
anese houses. When Biggy learned of this
he caused Sergeant Helms to raid a Jap
anese house about three days ago and
had the inmates brought into court. The
cases were dismissed on technical grounds
yesterday, and last night the acting Chief
resumed his work by arresting every Jap
anese woman engaged in immoral prac
tices in the Chinese quarter.
Twelve fan tan players were arrested
by Officers John Galliway and Thomas W.
Handley on Jackson street. The police
men made a clever capture and secured
all the paraphernalia of tho game. They
visited the place during tho fore part of
the evening, as a ruse, and left, allowing
the impression to be made on
the Chinamen that they were sat
isfied that everything was straight.
While they were in the place, however,
they unlocked some secret doors, and by
means of these they gained entrance to
the gaming apartments a short while
later, just as the Mongolians had settled
down to a little game, thinking they had
hoodwinked the police.
Officers Davids and Herring, within the
past few days, have been successful in
discovering many secret apartments
which have been fitted up by Chinese
gamblers in which to conduct games
While the doors of the well-known re
sorts have been left open to the police the
wily Chinese have carried their tables
into basements and the upper stories of
houses, where they believed the officers
could not catch them.
will get no relief from Eastern manufac
turers. "When the current price list foe
cans was raised very much above that of
last year the local canners communicated
with Eastern concerns, seeking a lower
price. An answer lias been received stat
ing that the Eastern canners are prohib
ited by their agreement from sending cans
into Pacilic Coast territory. This positive
statement sets at rest all doubt, and for
the first time the local canners know Just
where they stand.
the second choice, was late in getting up,
losing the place to Storm King.
A half-mile dash for iwo-year-olds fol
lowed. Lucidia. held an odds-on choice,
was returned an easy winner. Grafter
came from behind, securing the Pjac*
from Impromptu, the first son of Cre
scendo to face the barrier.
Looking hopelessly out of it during the
early stages of the running. Horton cap
tured the mile and a sixteenth run, with
4 to 1 about him in the ring. Imperious
made all the running, losing out the last
few jumps by a head. Formero, the fav
orite, finished a fair third.
Vittitoe rode Headwater with excellent
judgment in the closing seven-furlong
selling event, winning easily from Isovia,
The winner ruled a 13 to 10 favorite.
TRACK NOTES.
RPTTCWT7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
DilUuIlLO «». bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, pap«r«
bangers, printers, painters, sr-oe factories, at*.
tlemeo. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «tc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash BUnufaaturers. 609 Sacram«nt» «•
. LOOMIS. Feb. B.— Hugo Hendershott. as
sistant agent of the railroad company at
Penryn, while attempting to board a mov
ing freight train at Loomis this afternoon,
fell beneath the wheels and had both legs
badly crushed between the knee and the
ankle. He was taken to the Southern Pa
cific Hospital at Sacramento.
I>r. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try it. All drutfjfista, •
Fell Under a Train.
Special Dirpatch to The Call
30-832-834 MARKET STREET,
4>AN FRANCISCO.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
Come, See.
Extra Double Premiums
Extra Double Tickets
Given Free with
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Come Justl ro See.
Great Aiericaii Importing Tea Go
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
DESK COST TOO MUCH.
Board of Works Buns Foul of Build
ing Committee.
The Building Committee of the Board of
Supervisors will visit the office of the
Board of Public Works this morning for
the purpose of investigating the purchase
of a desk for the use of Secretary Park.
The bill for the desk, amounting to $33.
was presented to the committee for audit
ing, but the price was considered excessive
and the committee is disposed not to allow
the demand. In that event the desk will
be returned to the Fuller Desk Company,
from whom it was ordered.
The members of the committee express
themselves forcibly on the policy of the
Board of Public Works in reducing the
wages of Janitors to $2 per day and yt
ordering a desk at what is deemed an ex
orbitant figure. The committee intends to
recommend that the wages of janitors he
restored to the original figure of $70 per
month. Many of the janitors, who are uo>v
doing excellent work, are men with fami
lies, and tl)e committee argues that tr-ey
cannot get along on the $50 which the new
rate practically gives to them.
OLNEY MAY BE
A CANDIDATE
Anti- Bryan Democrats
Favor Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. B.—
Former Secretary of State Richard Ol
ney may be the candidate of the Eastern
anti-Bryan Democrats in the Democratic
National Convention for the Presidential
nomination in opposition to Bryan.
With Bryan a's a candidate and free bD
ver as a leading issue Eastern Democrats
can see nothing ahead except defeat.
With a new candidate and a new issue
they believe they might succeed.
In the Hay-Pauncefote treaty they see
an opportunity of finding a new issue.
This treaty is being denounced by some
Republicans as a surrender to Great.Brit
ain, and some of the Democrats who are
looking for a new platform and a new can
didate are ready to make opposition to
England, denunciation of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty and the failure of the United
States to take favorable action to the
Boers leading campaign cries.
With this platform, Mr. Olney is looked
upon as being the most available candi
date. His action as Secretary of Stato
during the Venezuelan controversy, v/hen
he and "President Cleveland are declared
to have brought the country near to a
war with Great Britain, is contrasted
with the attitude of Mr. Hay. It io ad
mitted that he might lose some free silver
supporters, but it is contended he would
receive the votes of all gold Democrats
and of many foreign-born voters.
There Is No End
To the variety and patterns of carpets
carried by the Indianapolis Furniture
Co.. 750 Mission street. Every make of
body Brussels, tapestry Brussels. Axmin
ster, etc., at south-of-Market-street
prices. - •v-t-.v •
CLEARANCE SALE.
FOR FRIDAY ONLY.
» pain- La<sl»«' Kid and Pebble Goat, button
and lace, odd lots, formerly tf.(<o, $5 00 and
M.OO. now 1J1.50, f 1.00
Ladies vearir.g A, Ij and C vvidtha, sizes i
> «. can find torae rare values here.
?0R FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
ten's Cork Bole Shoes. t?.00, 17.00 and r«3JJO
$6.00 grades, for J jk-4 15
Is3.<JO
f or the Next 30 Days.
GENTS' SHOES>
r.OO Patent Leather, cloth top. button shoes,
pointed toea — best makes— nearly all sizes..
1.60 Cfclf* double »ole. round cr square" tew...
LOO Patent Leather Lac* or Congress, square
toe— beet makes— odd flzee *l.r.i"»
1.00 Boyr Efcoes, calf, button, uewed.' eii'is
S 1 "* to 6 fflJiO
LM Touthr Ehoe«, calf, button, broken,
><*• 91.25
LADIES' SHOES.
LOO French Kid. coin toe. hand eewed lace
«hoe» J52..%<>
tOO Glazed Kid. coin toe, patent leather tip
cloth or kid top. button *I.'.>'i
1.00 Suede Kid Oxfords, four enadea K1.r.0
1.00 Tun Kho<>« In button or lace * l .u."j
! and SS French Kid. plain toe, button ehor»—
broken elrea :.sl.Ol>
!.J0 Kid OxXarda, broken sixes $1.00
lISSES' and CHILDREN'S SHOES.
too Ulsses' data top. button or lace, coin or
a^uare toe, eizea 11 to 2 81.25
L 75 Child!' equare toe. cloth or kid top. but-
top ehoee fI.OS
t&O Miwe« f patent leather, button, plain
square toe use
UTS Ch!l<sr rlazed kid. coin toe, vesting top.
lace ohoe« Sac
LOO Infant** doth or kid top, patent leather
tip, button choc« 3Oc
Lots of Bargains— first comers,
if course, hare the choicest se-
ectlons.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICANS TO SELECT
VICE-PRESIDENTIAL TIMBER
Conference Among the Party Leaders
Will Be Held on Jekyl
. Island Shortly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— ln a conference
which has been planned to take place on
Jekyl Island among the Republican icad
ers in the near future, it is expected that
President McKlnley's running mate on the
Republican national ticket, which will be
nominated next June in Philadelphia, wiil
be selected. Cornelius N. Bliss is already
on the ground, and prediction Is made that
he will soon be joined by other prominent
Republicans. It is recalled that not quite
a year ago there was a gathering on the
island, which included President McKin
ley. Vice President Hobart, Senator
Hanna, Thomas B. Reed and Mr. Bliss.
It had then just been announced that
President McKinley would be renomlnated
and it was said the meeting on Jekyl
Island was arranged for the purpose of
discussing the Vice Presidential candidate.
Though what wds actually done during
the meeting was kept secret there
was a strong rumor that an attempt was
made to conciliate Mr. Reed with a view
of inducing him to accept the second place
on the ticket. Mr. Reed, however, was not
conciliated.
Mr. Bliss' presence at Jekyl Island
caused a revival last night of the report
that" he will receive the nomination to
succeed Mr. Hobart. His friends have
been urging him as the stronges- available
candidate for the place and ho has not
followed the example of fjllhu Root In
withdrawing his name from consideration.
FAMOUS LAWYER OF
NEW YORK IS HERE
RANDOLPH GUGGENHEIMER ON
A VISIT TO THIS CITY.
Is One of Tammany's Strong Work
ers and Has Been President of
the City Council of Greater
New York.
Randolph Guggenheimer, one of the
most prominent lawyers In New York
and a politician of national note, arrived
in this city yesterday morning, accom
panied by his wife and son. The party
are stopping at the Palace and will re
main liv this city for a few days, after
which, a tour of the coast will be made.
Mr. Guggenheimer was at one time
Mayor of New York City. He has oc
cupied many municipal political positions
and during the last Presidential cam
paign was prominent as a stump speaker.
In 189S he was president of the Council
and during the fall -months of last year
he acted as Mayor of Greater New York.
By the politicians of the metropolis
Guggenheimer is noted as one of Tam
many's strongest and most able workers.
He is a great campaigner, a man of ready
and quick action and keen insight when
ever a political problem la to be met and
solved. By the practice of his profession
he has built up a large fortune. He rep
resents many big English syndicates
operating in this country.
TWELVE JURORS
SAY AMY MURPHY
KILLED HERSELF
Censure for Horace
Poulin.
IS ACCUSED OF UNMANLINESS
?
WITNESSES REPEAT WHAT HAS
BEEN TOLD ALREADY.
Mother of the Dead Girl Breaks Down
When Her Gaze Falls on the
Betrayer of Her Daugh
ter.
"Do you recognize • that man sitting
there?" asked Coroner Cole of Mrs. Amy
C. Dart yesterday forenoon at the Inquest
into the cause of Amy Murphy's death,
waving his hand as he spoke toward Hor
ace Poulin.
"Yes, sir, I do," replied Mrs. Dart, cast
ing a glance of hatred at the man to
whom her attention had been called. "He
was at my house once to see my daugh
ter."
Mrs. Dart's voice choked as she spoke
the few words in response to Dr." Cole's
question; she trembled, tried to control
herself and then gave way to sobs. Upon
recovering her composure she gave the
Jury the story of her daughter's life that
has already been told.
Mrs. Dart said that one day Amy came
home with a taint of liquor on her breath.
The mother made inquiries concerning it
and Amy said she had been to dinner with
some girl friends and bad drank some
cognac with her coffee.
"Don't you know," asked Coroner Cole,
"that It is unusual for young women to go
to dinner without the company of young
men?"
• "Amy told me she always preferred the
society of girls and never cared much to
go with gentlemen. She told me, however,
that she went to dinner with Foulln some
Sundays."
Interesting testimony was given by Drs.
Brigham and Middleton regarding the
wound in the dead girl's head. Both de
clared it was' made by the bullet found in
the head and that the course of that bullet
was such as to make it entirely probable
that the dead girl had herself tired the
fatal shot. The doctors finally declared
there were powder marks at the edges of
the wound, indicating suicide.
George L. Barber of Shreve's sporting
goods store identified the box found be
side Miss Murphy's body as the one in
which he had put the cartridges that he
sold with the pi3tol. Winifred Murphy,
the 15-year-old sister of the deceased, re
peated the story of her sister telling her
she contemplated suicide.
"She said she wouldn't be afraid to die
if it wasn't for the hereafter," said Wini
fred.
"She was religious, then?" queried Coro
ner Cole.
"No, I don't think so," replied Winifred,
"but she had that fear of what might
come after death."
The child stated that she had gone to
the matinee several times with Poulin and
Amy and once went with them to a res
taurant, where she drank a lemonade.
Amy seemed familiar with the names of
some dissolute women and said she learn
ed them through telephone messages sent
to and from their houses. •
Various other witnesses repeated the
stories already told in The Call and noth
ing new came out of the investigation.
Horace Poulin did not testify. Judge
Pierce, his attorney, making objection on
the ground that his client's testimony
might tend to criminate him.
The Jury found that death was caused
by a gunshot wound, and added: "We do
further find that said Amy Murphy came
to her death by her own hands whll« in a
despondent mood: and we do further cen
sure one Horace L. Poulin for his unman
ly conduct toward the deceased girl."
BODY WASHED
UP BY SEA IT
ANGEL ISLAND
Burton Hardiman's
Remains Found.
?
INVESTIGATION BY CORONER
? ¦
MAY BE A CASE OF SUICIDE OB
ACCIDENTAL DEATH.
The Man Was a Cousin of Florence
Hardiman Miller, a Well Known
literary Woman of
Oakland.
The body of Burton H. Hardiman,
cousin of Mrs. J. K. Miller of Oakland,
better known in the literary world as
Florence Hardlman,Miller, was found yes
terday on the shore at Angel Island by
John Abbott, a laborer. The corpse had
been washed up by the sea and was par
tially burled in the sand. Judging from
its decomposed condition it had been in
the water for some time. How the unfor
tunate man came to his death is yet a
matter to be determined by the Coroner of
this city.
When Abbott discovered the corpse yes
terday he sent word to this city and Dep
uty Coroners Flynn and Smith left in a
launch for the scene. They found that the
remains had been badly disfigured and
bloated, so much bo that identification, ex
cept by clothing, was impossible. The
dead man's outer garments consisted of a
blue overcoat and a dark suit. Both wore
of good quality. In the pockets of the coat
were found a meal ticket issued by the
Cozy Restaurant at 1006 Valencia street of
this city, a card bearing the name of Flor
ence Hardiman Miller, another of J. K.
Miller, manager of the' Club News, 525
Clay street, San Francisco, and one of
Burton, H. Hardiman. There were also
letters which' he had received from his
mother and sister in Oswego, Kans.
Around the waist of the body were
strapped two empty canvas bags.
Hardiman was seen last time several
weeks ago by the proprietors of the res
taurant in which he took his meals. He
was employed at Ewell's X L Dairy in this
city and worked there until the time of
his disappearance. He had been In poor
health. How he came to his death can
only be surmised. He may have leaped
from a ferry-boat or dropped from a
wnarf. The theory of suicide has been
advanced, as the man waa not in eood
physical condition, but this is discredited
by his cousin. The presence of the canvas
bags on his person would indicate that
he met an accidental death while on a
hunting or fishing excursion or, on the
suicide theory, they may have • been
sfnk'h^bo^ 111 WelShtS Wkh WhlCh tO
«H lrS> ?-Js-n? UUeT ' hls cous >n. who re
sides at 647 Twenty-seventh street, Oak
land, was seen last night regarding the
recovery of, the body. She said that she
had not Been Hardiman for at least six
months, but that she called at his place
of employment. Eweirs X L Dairy in
this city, recently for the purpose of hav
ing a conversation with him. He was ab
sent when she arrived there and she left
her card. This accounts for its presence
on the body of the dead man.
"Burton had been In poor health for a
year," said Mrs. Miller, "but he was a
temperate man and said he had enough
money to retire for a while. I do not be
lieve he committed suicide. He came to
California from New York ten years ago.
His father, John Hardiman, recently died
at Oswego, Kans.. and he had a sister
named Nettle. He was about 30 years
old. I was his only relative in California."
The •: body waa brought to this city by
the, Coroner's deputies and placed in the
Morgue, where an investigation will b9
held.: . .
Republicans Organize.
lp«cUJ Difjiatch to The Call.
JACKSON. Feb. 8.-D. E. McKlnlay of
!an Francisco and Judson C. Brusie of
larramento, who are organizing the Tle
ublican forces of the Second CongTession-
J District, held a pood meeting here to
lght. which was presided over by James
Z. Dye. The attendance was pood anO at
he close of the meeting a large club was
rgranized.
L
A
T
E
s
T
S
T
V
L
E
S
All -Wool nomespun.
FREEDMAN BROS. 1
BANKRUPT STOCK
TO BE
CLOSED OUT
WITHIN A FEW DAYS.
Still Further Reductions In order to dis-
pose of e very sjngle garment. Prices tell
the taie. New and Fresh Goods— no
ancient styles. Tailor- made Suits from
$4-95 up to $20.00.
JUST CUT IN HALF.
Elegant Silk-lined Jackets from...
$3.45 tO $9.95
Black Serge and Cheviot Dress
Skirts -$1.35 to $7.50
Newest Styles In Golf Capes
$2.95 to $11.95
ADVEETISEtIENTS.
IHE interest displayed over the re
sult of yesterday's race at Oak
land was a reminder of the earlier
days, when sentiment and not
mere love of gold figured more strong
ly in the sport. Advance Guard, owned
by the Canadian firm of Carruthers &
Shields., was considered Invincible in
the three-year-old division by his own
ers. F. W. Brode sports the colors of
the Memphis, Term., firm of J. F.
Schorr & Son, and quite recently had
shown to be a colt possessed of con
siderable form, his Improvement being
remarkable. Under the terms of the
race he was allowed three pounds.
Yellow Tail gained great prominence
in turf circles owing to the fact that
he was sold as a two-year-old by
Burns & Waterhouse to Plunger Hill
for $10,000. Later tho big fellow be-
came the property of Foster & Hack
ett. Possessed of phenomenal speed,
he is one day a turf idol, only to be
crushed a few days later and styled a
"dog." He was Installed favorite in
the betting because of some extraor
dinarily fast trials shown in private.
Before a very large and fashionable
gathering of turfites F. W. Brode, ridden
by Tommy Burns, defeated Advance
Guard and Yellowtail at Oakland track
yesterday in one of the prettiest equine
struggles ever witnessed on the course.
The meeting of this trio of top-sawyers
of the three-year-old brigade had aroused
great Interest and thousands of dollars
were wagered on the result. The climatic
conditions were favomble and the track
in perfect condition. Under the racing
conditions Advance Guard and Yellowtail
each carried 117 pounds, while F. W.
Brode was conceded an allowance of three
pounds, a little joker of shrewd "Johnny".
Schorr. There was a great diversity of
opinion as to the result, the hetting fav
oring Yellowtail, Intensified probably by
the fact that Spencer had the mount.
When the horses were called 3 to 2 was
laid against the big chestnut, with 2
about Advance Guard and Bullman, and
Brode the outsider, the majority of books
laying 12 to 5.
As the horses paraded past the stand,
Tommy Burns, astride the Schorr colt,
received quite an ovation, it being a sort
of welcome on his return to the saddle.
Lined up. Ferglison sent the three away
beautifully aligned at the first breakaway.
And what a clip Spencer, on the favorite,
did set! Reaching the quarter in 24 sec-
too soon. However, the winner is deserv
ing of all the glory he gained, for there is
apparently no such thing in his makeup
as quit. Then. too. he was ridden in
masterly fashion by Burns, who was seen
at his best.
The other events, In which favorites
were successful on four occasions, were
not above mediocrity. Nineteen books
laid odds, and the ring was crowded with
bettors.
Rachel C., at short odds, downed a
small field in the opening event without
effort. Choteau, a 30 to 1 shot, was land
ed second by Ross, four lengths before
The Echo. ; . :
In the five and a half furlong sprint
St. Cuthbert, a 3 to 5 chance, ran away
from his company. Walsh on Montallade,
ing on nearly equal terms. About oppo
site the paddock the favorite was done,
and Burns; in endeavoring to get be
tween the other two, was momentarily
cut off. Drawing the whip, he gave his
mount a couple of cuts, then resumed
hand riding again, and in a terrific drive
Brode snatched victory from Advance
Guard by a nose in 1:39^. Three lengths
away came Yellowtail, a very tired horse.
When the time of year is taken into con
sideration probably no grander race was
ever run by three-year-olds, and though
beaten, neither of the defeated colts was
disgraced. Yellowtail was injudiciously
•ridaen by Spencer, there being no occa
sion for making so mucn use of him, and
the more critical were Inclined to. blame
Bullman for his impatience in moving up
READY TO GREET
SENATOR-ELECT
THOMAS L. BARD
Plans of the Union
League Club.
— •
RECEPTION TO-MORROW NIGHT
»
DISTINGUISHED GUEST WILL
ARRIVE SATURDAY.
«
rhe Evening Will Be Enlivened "With
Brief Speeches From Several
Well-Known State
Orators.
To-morrow even'.r.ff majiy leading dti
tens of San Francisco, together with rep
resentative men from various sections of
ihe State, will greet the newly elected
L'r.lted States Senator. Hon. Thomas R.
Bard, at the rooms of the Union League
riub. One thousand invitations of this
form have been issued, reading as fol
bara:
* Reception tendered to the
I Hon. Thomas R. Bard, g
I United States %
I Senator-elect from Cali- %
* fornia. ?
* 1
* o
I The Union League Club, «•
£ Saturday Evening <§>
I Feb. io, 1900. °
I Admit Guest, g
£ Compliments of o
I Member. ©
Jlr. Bard expects to leave Los Angeles
2ils evening on the "owl," to arrive in
his city to-morrow forenoon. He has
•eserved apartments at the Occidental
Hotel.
Saturday evening a committee, conslst
r.g of Colonel J. P. Jackson, J. D.
Ipreckels and M. H. de Young, will escort
he Senator-elect from the Occidental to
he Union League.
The reception under the auspices of the
iub will begin at S o'clock. Iji the ab
ience of A. G. Booth, president of the
:lub Second Vice President George D.
Hark will preside. The committee In
rusted with the management of the func-
Jon consists of Georpe H. Pippy. M. H.
le Tounp. John P. Jackson, H. W. Dln
:elspiel. Joseph S. Spear Jr., C. H. Ga
r>utte and William Sexton.
Oratory of tho occasion will consist of
irtef speeches by General W. H. L.
lasnes. E. F. Preston. J. P. Jackson,
Jeorge A. Knight. Thomas Flint Jr.
President of the Senate), Hon. Jacob H.
Ceff (Lieutenant Governor), Senator R.
C. Bulla, George C. Pardee, Samuel M.
Ihcrtrldgc Irving M. Scott. Dr. Rowell.
udge John F. Davis. E. S. Pillsbury, Jo
cph Campbell and other eminent
lookers.
A band In the court of the Palace Hotel
rill discourse music.
F. W. BRODE, WITH BURNS UP, WINS FROM
ADVANCE GUARD IN A DESPERATE DRIVE
CHINESE STAND
BY THE CHARGES
THEY HAVE MADE
Statements in Hands
of Acting Chief.
ACCUSED MEN MAKE DENIAL
DECLARE MONGOUS ARE TRY
ING TO TRICK THEM.
The Matter Will Be Formally
Brought Before tfhe Board of
Police Commissioners at
Its Meeting.
>
Formal charges of accepting bribes will
be filed with the Police Commission next
Tuesday night by acting Chief of Police
Biggy against E. C. Robinson. William E.
Rice and Nell Riordan, the police officers
who are accused of having released ar
rested Chinamen upon the payment of
money.
Against Robert Morton, the fourth mem
ber of Sergeant Ellis' squad, no charges
have been made, and the acting Chief
says that Morton is not in any way mixed
up in the alleged bribe-taking scandal.
Six Chinese have made affidavits, type
written copies of which are now in the
hands of acting Chief Biggy, that the ac
cused officers demanded and received
money for the release of men they had
arrested. Robinson was positively identi
fied by four of the Chinese, Riordan by
two and Rice by two when the officers
were brought with a dozen others frcm
Chinatown before the Mongolians who
claimed they had been made the victims
of bluecoat cupidity. Nearly all of these
Chinese speak good English. One of them,
Lun Yuey, has a merchandise store at
Sebastopol; Gee Won, an extremely in
telligent Chinese, works for "the railroad
company betwetn here and Sacramento;
Chang Poo cooks for Mrs. Howard, at 12W
Alice street. Oakland; two others work
for Alaskan canneries.
The total amount known to have been
given up by Chinese is $24. Of this J9 was
yielded, according to the Chinese, last
Friday afternoon, and the other $15 vvas
paid over by another lot of victims Sun
day morning. V
According to the story of Gee "Won,
himself and four other Chinamen were
arrested in Ross alley Friday by Officers
Riordan and Robinson, and they at once
bartered for their release. The price was
fixed at $3 and each paid that amount
witn the exception of Henry Lem, who
had no money. One of the three who had
produced went to Neg Dock at 20 Ross
alley and got $3 with which to release
Henry Lem. who. the Chinese allege, was
still in the clutches of the officers at the
house where the arrest had been made.
In the meantime Officers Collins and Ly
ons came along, it is stated, and Riordan
and Robinson released Henry Lem.
Officers Rice and Robinson were the
arresting officers in the St. Louis alley
affair, so the Chinamen say. The three
men who it is alleged were arrested here
say they were taken into a doorway at
816^ Jackson street and that there they
slipped $15 into Rice's pocket for the re
lease of the three.
Sergeant Duke Is still in San Jose after
the affidavit of a Chi/iaman from whom
one of the three last mentioned China
men says he borrowed $6 50 to help make
up the purse of $15.
The accused officers deny emphatically
the charges made against them and say
they feel certain that the commission will
exonerate them. Officers Rice and Robin
son yesterday made detailed statements
to the acting Chief. They said they were
led down Jackson street to near Dupont
by three Chinese, who said there was a
nlghbinder in a house there. When they
got to the place the Chinese tried to hold
back. One of the officers said "Are they
trying to job us?" They held the Chinese
and went through the house, finding
nothing. They made no arrests at all.
Policemen Michael Hurley, O. C. Phil
lips and William Coleman have taken the
places of the suspended men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
Eastern Canmakers Afford No relief.
California fruit cannera, who complain
that they are the victims of a local com
bine which has put up the price of cans,
POOR RUSSIANS
NOT DESIRABLE
SETTLERS HERE
Sick and Starving
Colonists.
PROTEST MADE TO POWDERLY
ACTING COMMISSIONER SCHTLI,
WANTS THEM EXCLUDED.
l. ..'¦¦ ./¦•¦•¦'.
Land Purchased in Southern Calif cr.
nia for Fifteen Hundred Pov
erty-Stricken Wretches
to Battle With Fate. *
Acting Immigration Commissioner Sch«H
at this port forwarded yesterday to Na
tional Immigration Commissioner Pow
derly at Washington a protest against
the intended colonization of a large tract
of land in California with 1300 Russian,
emigrants now In the Northwest Terri
tory.
Appended to the protest is a clipping
from The Call r-t yesterday morning, con
sisting of a dispatch from Los Angeies to
the effect that the Russian colonists are
in great distress and a movement is on
foot in the boomers" center to .send tho
sufferers dried fruit, together with cloth
ing and provisions. The dispatch states
that the Russians are on the verge of
starvation and that they were dumped
upon the bleak prairies last winter an.l
spring without a dollar. They failed to
find ths remunerative work that had been,
promised them, and in consequence wer<j
unable to purchase oxen and fannies
tools. Five hundred of the number wera
at work for four months, and their earn
ings supplied potatoes and other vegeta
bles, and some bought a horse or two. but
if it had not been for the kindness of the
Quakers these poor people would have
fared worse. In some villages there U no
food but cornmeal and flour, and but lit-
Ue of them. Add to this the fact that
scurvy has attacked the unfortunates, and
the proposition that they would be a most
undesirable addition to the population 13
self-evident.
The following is a copy of the letter sent
by Captain Schell.'
Hon. T. V. Powderly. Commissioner General-
Sir: I beg to call your attention to Inclosed
clipping from The Call of to-day's issue. There
Is a reasonable probability that these p«opls
will be brought Into the State of California, as
amenta have been In the State seeking lands on
which to colonize them, and rumor has it tliat
lands have been secured In the southern part
of the State for them. It Is said that thes«
people are In extreme destitution: that they ar»
afflicted with scurvy and other diseases, sequels
of poor nourishment and exposure: that they
are religious monomaniacs and believe that
their afflictions come from God for the better
ment of their souls and to fit them for their
future life, which belief renders them Incom
petent In a degree to shake off the poverty and
distress that has afflicted them for many gener
ations past. It is also said that they come from
the northern or cold portion of Russia. If this
Is true, they are quite unfitted for gaining a
livelihood in the semi-tropical climate of South
ern California.
It would seem that some investigation of th»
matter should be made before these peopla
start for this country, their nnmberm being
large and their presence* undesirable. Respect
fully, H. H. SCHELL,
Acting Commissioner.
i Hn jk A I•%
¦JM M S} /r^ S*f I
to appear before them on Tuesday even
ing next. A charge has also been pre
ferred with the stewards against Tim
Murphy, the well known bettor and book
maker. When Count Hubert finished
third on Tuesday Tim, it is said in the
complaint, openly claimed Jenkins pulled
the two-year-old and threatened to bid
up any horse the rider won a selling race
with. He has also been requested to be
For Racing Chart See Page Eleven.
The suspension of Conley, the colored
rider, may develop quite a spicy morsel
of turf scandal. After the first race yes
terday Bookmaker Joe Rose was ordered
to cease laying odds by the judges. On
Wednesday, when Red Pirate, ridden by
Conley, was beaten, Rose took what is
termed a "hard fall" out of the horse,
laying heavily against him straight, place
and show. The stewards have suspended
the penciler from the privileges of book
ing on the track, and he has been cited
12
onds. with Brode at his side, dopgedly
contesting every foot, the half was reeled
off In :4S\i. Bullman had grown anxious
and moved up with Advance Guard, now
being but two lengths behind Ur^de.
Watches clicked the six furlongs in 1:13%.
with Yellowtail leading by a couple of
lengths, a neck separating the other two.
The battle was now on in earnest and all
three pilots set down to ride. With less
than a furlong to cover, Yellowtail found
his lead had withered away, all three be-