Hip Sing Tong* and the Suey Sirtjj
M^p Tongs are at it again, which means that the
W^ highbinder war is on. This is what the miners
would call the annual clean up. Just before the
end of the year this city is usually treated to a
«ensation in the way oLa brutal murder in Chinatown.
The daily papers tell us next morning that there has
been trouble between rival tongs, and that a man has
been murdered because he was a Sam Yup. which com
pany is not on good terms with the See Yup organiza
tion.
To begin with, there are two great Chinese
tongs which have their headquarters in this city;
they were started, or rather imported, by the first
Chinese who landed in this State in the early '50's, and
it is only fair to say that the original intention of the
founders of these societies were of a purely benevolent
nature, but like many organizations fostered by our
own countrymen the bad men have gradually gained
control and are now using them for their own corrupt
purposes.
When I say that the idea of the tong was brought
here by the Chinese pioneers I mean that they
were simply carrying with them the ancient form
of paternal eovernment. to which they have been ac
customed for many centuries. On account of the
peculiarities of the Chinese civil code, it is not
only an expensive but a very dangerous thing to go
to law over trifles, so the country people concluded
long ago that it was better to have all minor dispute?,
settled by arbitration, and such matters have ever since
been left to the wisdom of the elders of each village.
By the natural process of evolution, criminal as well as
civil cases were adjudicated by these same elders, and.
as this system relieved the central government of much
worry, no objection has ever been offered thereto.
When the first Chinese arrived on this coast they
found themselves associated with a strange people, of
whose language they had not tTie slightest knowledge,
and they soon realized that those of their countrymen
who were to follow would find themselves in the same
dilemma, and, as they were all from but two districts
of China, who were settled here at that time, the two
original societies were inaugurated, the Sam Yup and
the See Yup. and a great deal of good were these same
societies to the poor and ignorant who chanced to
come to this country. In the first place, all who were
without means were furnished board and lodging un
til places had been provided for them; they had the
advantage of a competent interpreter, a Portuguese,
who was born in Macao, a man thoroughly conversant
with the Chinese and English langtncres. For all these
favors they were charged nothing beyond the actual
cost. When any member wished to return to the old
country he was supposed to deposit the sum' of $n
as a donation to his society fund. This money was to
be used for the same purpose of relieving the others
of his race who might wish to try their fortunes in
the land of gold.
There was still another privilege accorded to the
members of these tongs. Confucius had written cen
turies ago that every Chinese must tie buried in Chinese
sqil. and it has ever since been one cf th.* worrying
fears of every son of the Flowery Kingdom that hv
some fluke his bones might be -left unclaimed in foreign
earth. Xo such fear if he were a member of one of
the tongs, for it was fairly stipulated that the ton^s
were to maintain an officer wiiose business it was to
see to it that every body be exhumed after a certain
period and the bones carefully shipped to his ances
tral home, and this agreement was carried out to the
letter.
As these societies grew in magnitude and impor
tance it was found necessary to send home for men of
more education to manage their affairs, for it must be
remembered that there was no such thing as a consulate
here for many years after the Chinese began to settle in
this country. So each district made it a rule that the
person passing the most creditable examination for the
government civil service, that is to say. the one next
highest to the one who had gained the home govern
ment prize, was to be made president of the local so
ciety in San Francisco, and for many years the position
was considered a great honor to the recipient.
Since the first Chinese landed in this country they
have made it their rule to settle all their small disputes
through the medium of the tong. These people, in
their ignorance, believe that they have a perfect legal
right to manage their own small affairs in this crude
oriental manner, and it is quite a surprise to many of
them when they find that some of their business trans
actions which have been approved by the tongs are not
as binding as they might be when tested in our courts.
But it must be adjnitted that the tongs had the virtue
of believing in themselves, and were as honest as they
were profoundly ignorant in the rendering of their de
cisions, and had they been wise enough to have kept
themselves within the province of civil actions, few
Americans would have objected to their method of dis
bursing miniature justice to their own countrymen. Uut
C.:ce they took it into their heads to try a hand at crim
inal practice there was trouble in store for the self-made
mandarin.
As the archives of this city will amply prove, the
real beginning of crime in the Chinese quarter began
with the importation of women to this country, that is
to say. those who were brought here for lewd purposes;
the great prices a^ked for these human chattels was
an incentive for robbery and murder, and. as a verifica
tion of the ...Id axiom. "There is a woman at the bot
tom of all trouble." the degeneration of the Chinese
benevolent societies may easily be traced to this source
and dated from the moment this horrible traffic in hu
man beings began.
\\ hen the first lot of women were brought here by
their purchasers it was tacitly admitted by all Chinese
then resident here that these poor creatures were the
legitimate property of their masters, but the ignorant of
the^e people are ever ready to adopt any innovation
that may seem to their personal advantage, even though
that new idea came from the much disliked "foreign
devil." It did not take long, through the kindness of
some of the real busybody "foreign devils," for the
evil-minded Chinese loafers to learn that in this coun
try there was no such thing as slavery, and thai if a per
son could persuade these frail women to desert their
masters they were free to do so. Of course they were
promised protection by these fellows, and were led to
believe that as soon as they quitted their masters they
were to become the wives of respectable men who had
taken this great interest in their welfare. It is unneces
sary to say that these were all empty promises made »o
the unfortunate women in order to gain possession of
them and hold them for ransom.
When the slave owners found thru their bagnios
were being looted in this manner they at once rushed
to their local tribunal crying aloud for justice, and in a
moment of weakness the heads of the tongs gave heed
to their complaints, and even tried to induce the rob
bers to return the women to their former masters. But
these brigands had inherited the blood of their an
cestors, the old river pirr.tes of China, and it was not
in their nature to give u,i anything of value once they
had gained the nine points of possession. Disagree
ments soon followed: members took varior vie.vs of
the situation, and some of the really well inclined tooi<
sides with the wicked, innvjcently believifig that the
robbers were working in the cause of justice and that
they really intended liberating the poor slave women.
Thus ended the usefulness of the original tongs, dis-
Continued oa Fago Sloven,
SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
JAN. 7, 1900
HISTORY OF THE HIGHBINDER'S WARbed and picked up a needle! It seemed
she would never go.
"When the door finally clcred behind
her th« wardrobe flew open and Lillian
foil limply to the fioor amid the clatter
of olive bottle.-, declaring her finger
broken, and Emma's fao peeped out from
under the bed and with a mouthful of
candy and laughing eyos sho said:
" 'Kay. girls, wasn't that clcse?
"It did not take very much time for us
to bcamper back to our room, I assure
you. We had been so thoroughly fright
ened that we were mighty thankful to
leave the candy behind and be where we
could with case talk over our narrow
escape. "
While at Mills Emma appeared ot the
closing conc.Tt of each term and tho^o
who heard her then foretold a brilliant
future for the young girl, who now two
States claim for a daughter; ami to whom
royalty has bowed. Schoolmates tell of
Emma's singing, of hor favorite song,
"Listen to the Nightingale," and how
after dinner they would sit and listen, en
raptured while she s;tr.g fur them her
limited repertoire, which now has grown
to dozens of operas.
With the class of "TG Emma Wixom left
"Mills," and, as she said, the only mother
she had ever known, it wns through this
mother, Mrs. Mills, that Emma went to
Paris. Dr. Wixom had been unfortunate
financially and was unable to give his
daughter the musical education she
craved. Dr. Ebell. the naturalist, be
came interested through Mrs. Mills, and
when he and Mrs. Ebell left for Paris
Emma Wixom sailed with them. Dr.
Ebell's sudden death and Mrs. Ebell's re
turn to America left Emma alone in
Paris with more ambition than money.
It was a modest beginning and hard. One
little Western girl alone in Paris, almost
without friends; lonely, yet too ambitloU3
to give up; homesick, yet determined to
stay and get the education she had all
her life longed for.
It was then that Mrs. John W. Mackay
heard her sing and made it possible for
Emma Wixom to study under one of the
best teachers of the day— Marchesi. Three
years of hard work and then her heart's
desire — opera.
Nevada has sung before all the crowned
heads of Europe and her childhood's wish
"came true" when she sang before the
Queen of England at Osborne. Among her
cherished possessions is the decoration
which the Queen gave her on that occa-
"But how to pet downstairs, past the
rooms of teachers, and safe with the Jam.
cake and canuy proved a problem. Final
ly we Oecldfd that Lillian Mygat. who. by
the way. is now Mrs. Sharon of Oakland,
should go first, stopping at the head of tile
Ftairs for a orlnk of water until the coast
was clear, and then down the stairs r;i<i
into the room. We waited, expecting
every moment to have her brought back
under the watchful eye of a teacher.
"When we were sure that Lillian w-is
rafe Emma started, stopping to get tl;e
water and watch her opportunity, and
then slipped downstairs.
"It was then my turn, nnd I was not
quite to fortunate. It was nearly t«'n
minutes before the halls were quiet. ar..l
during that time I drank a quart of water,
filled my pitther twice and chatted with
a U-acher. who insisted upon knowing
what need I lia-1 of so much water.
"We all drew a breath of relief when
the chair was propped against the dcor
and life feast could safely begin.
"Crackers, deviled ham and jam 'disap
peared with astonishing rapidity; empty
olive bottles stood or lay where they had
been placed after the last olive had been
extracted with a hat pin. We had laughed
and giggled as only happy, foolish school-
Klrls can, and were just opening the candy
when some one knocked.
"Consternation and what shall we do
was on our faces. Something had to be
done. We couldn't be caught sitting in
the middle of the floor, and without any
excuse whatever. Quick as a flash Emma,
with a box of randy in one hand and a
Jar of jam In the other, rolled under a
bed. and that started us. Lillian, with the
empty olive bottles, jumped into a ward
robe, and I. grabbing a plate of sand
wiches, hid behind the bureau. One of
our hostesses went to the door, while the
other tacked the last remnant of the fonst
under the mattress and read "Caesar" up
side down.
"Into the room walked the assistant
principal nnd sat down In a chair facing
the bed, under which Emma was.
"From my safe retreat I could see what
went on. Lillinr/s small first finger fast
getting blue holding tightly the wardrobe
doer, the distressed expression of tho
girls as they tried to chat comfortably
and calmly and the horror and fear por
trayed on their faces when the teacher
deliberately got up, stooped in front of the
«onl. Go. nightingale. pur« and melodi
ous: soothe our ear with your beautiful
eons." Appended to this page is a letter
•written by Gounod to Madame Nevada,
complimenting her singing of Juliet in
Berlin. It had been the dream of Gou
nod's life to hear Nevada sing Juliet, but
his failing health forbade him the priv
ilege. This letter was the last thing
Gounod wrote en earth. Ambrose Thom
as, who Is the godfather of Madame's
little daushter and after whoso famous
opera, "Mignon." she la named, writes a
loving tribute "To my dear little Ophelia.
Emma Nevada." Madame Marches!
writes: "Dear Emma. I am protid of your
talent and I love you with all my heart.
Your musical mother. Marchesi." Lotta's
autograph follows and she characteris
tically writes: "Here, to-day and gone to
morrow. With love and affection. Lotta."
Bir Julius Benedict's autograph is followed
by that of McKenzie. writer of "The Roso
of Sharon," in which Madame Nevada
created the title role. Impromptu bars
of music from Irving Thomas, prose and
poetry fl'.l page after page; then Riincleg
ger. who conducted when Nevada sang
"The Rose cf Sharon"; Tornasso Salvini.
Anton Rubinstein. Mancinelli, who con
ducted at Madrid when Nevada created
Ukmc and who writes. "To the nightin
gale of Paiadise"; Talazac. the great
French tenor; Steuart Cumberland. Josef
fy, Arditi. Sir Arthur Sullivan: England's
greatest painter. William Stoll; Baldelli,
who writes, "To the most intelligent
singer that I have ever known:" Marcnnl,
Miiscagnl. Ibsen, whom the singer visited
In Scandinavia; Loie Fuller and Modjes
ka write on opposite pages, and Duse just
over the leaf. Count de Fontenallles, who
Is just now the fad In Paris, writes;
"When you gins my Konprs, then I think I
am a great composer." Jean and Edouurd
de Rcszke. Van Zandt and Lassalle write,
and Nordica says: "To Madame Nevada/
dear friend and charming compatriot and
true artist." Edv/in Booth writes afrer his
autograph: "May your life be as beauti
ful as the- rose and your sorrows n»ver
last longer than docs the rose." Dozens
morn follow, each a loving tribute to Ne
vada the woman and Nevada the artist
LAURA MEIGS!
INTERESTING ANECDOTES CONCERNING THE
Lire Or THE GREAT SINGER AS RELATED
BY THOSE WHO KNEW HEP INTIMATELY.
Only 13 per cent cf all the families la
America »mp!oy domestic help lea-'ne
SZ per cent without even one servant.'
any stage favorite. Madame Nevada
prizes her autograph album. Surely it is
a wonderful book, with Its characteristic
tributes from scores of famous men and
women — men and women whose names
are known in every household in civilized
lands, who are world-famed celebrities-
Joseph Joachim. Camille Slvorl. the fa
mous violinist, Charles Widor. Ciro Pin
suti. Coquelin and Faure, the great bary
tone, write with their autographs pleasant
little expressions. Baron Haussmann's
signature appears with an acrostic on the
name Nevada. In which he says: "The
warmth of your voice should melt even
the name of Nevada"— a play upon the
Spanish word referring to snow. After
Barbier, the librettist of "Faust." comes
Gounod, who. by the way. was Nevada's
godfather. Literally translated. GounoU
says: "When I write I give, as it were,
tho bod}-; when you sine you give the
It was a happy sight, nnd I felt as we
drove awny from the palace I wondered
if I should see the Queen again. She is
eighty years old and who knows how long
God will spare her tq us? She looks well
and still works every night from eleven
to 'one in the morning. She is as bright
as ever and looks as If she might live many
years yet. We have had a remarkably
bright season. I sang at the state concert
this year, which is always interesting.
We have almost decided to go to America
this winter. Shall know in a few days. Of
course we shall go to California in case
we decide to go to America.
Excuse this scrawl— l wanted to send
you a line direct from Osborne. All send
love to you and my dear California
friends. Your ever loving and grateful
child. EMMA NEVADA PALMER.
Next to the collection of jeweled girts,
which is considered the finest owned by
rw FTER fifteen years' absence.
f \ Emma Nevada is to sing before a
I I San Francisco audience again.
*• I During tho past month newspapers
have devoted columns and jjages
to Emma Nevada —to fc*r un
pleasant experience in Spain, to her won
derful Parisian gowns, the jewels lav
ished upon h<-r by kir.g^, queens and em
perorF, and to her many triumphs in the
lands just over the sea; but only now and
then has It been told who Emma Nevada
Js and whence the little singer came.
Nevada js a daughter of our own Golden
State. Thirty-eight years ago, in Nevada
City. Emma Wlxom was born. When but
a baby her rarcnts left California and
Battled in Austin. Nevada, then a prosper
ous mining town, where Dr. Wlxom
practiced medicine and became interested
in mines.
Tiure on the eastern slopes of the Sier
ras. Emma Wixom spent her childhood.
When but 5 years old she displayed won
<!erful talent aiwi often tang— a chair her
stage, her fatlier the conductor and ador
ing aunts and cousins the audience. Tales
are told how this wee little maid won the
hearts of bic. rough miners with her re
markable voice ajid lovable ways, how
flves and tens and twenties were showered
at her feet when, clad in a little gingham
frock, the Flood on a doorstep and sang
quaint old tongs In a sweet childish
treble.
Thtre. !n the rough mining town, she
lived until her mother's death, then
KniTia waf sent to Mills Seminary, where
ehe brgan her musical education.
At school the generous, swect-natured.
laug'.uer-lovir.s: Kirl won the hearts of
teachers and class-mates. She v.-as a splen
did scholar, yet as full of fun and mischief
e» a happy, care-free girl should be. One
of Emma's roora-mau-s laughingly tells
this story of a feast at a forbidden lime
and hew they escaped "being caught."
"One Saturday r.ight during study-hour
our door was opened quietly and a slip of
paper thrown Into the middle of the room.
It fell at Emma's f<-ct and proved to be
En invitation to a feast given by two girls
¦who had been to town and brought back
'something to esl.' You know ail you
have to ray is 'fcomcthlr.g to eat' and a
boarding school girl immediately discov
ers that she is star%ing.
slon, and which she dcscriDOrf In ths fol
lowing letter:
Royal Medina Hotel.
East Cowcs. Isle of Wight,
26 July, 1899.
My Dearest Mrs. Mills:
Many years ago w!\en I was your little
"chick," as you useil to call me. It was
always my dream to sing before the
Queen of England; and I remember the
happy school days at Mills' when I made
my little plans-.-ail to myself, and one of
my Hpeclal projects was— one day I should
sing ut the court of St. James. Last night
the. dream was realized. I received a
command from her Majesty, who had
never heard me. to go to her — to Osborne,
where sho resides during all tbfe month
cf August. Wo have been her guests since
the d;iy before yesterday and last night
I had tho honor and delight of singing for
her.
I could not restrain my tears as I stood
before the great queen and noble woman—
to pee the dear sovereign of SO years
fo Interested In music, so kind, and
gracious. When I had finished my sec
ond song she called me again and
said "It i 3 beautiful. Wonderful." I tell
you her exact expressions because I know
it will Interest you. Her Majesty and the
King of Sweden wore the only crowned
heads in Europe that were left, for me.
I had sung for them all.
Her Majesty askod me If I was not an
American and I proudly answered, "From
California," and almost said from Mills
Seminary. Beforo leaving her Majesty's
presence I was introduced to her Royal
Highness the Princess Beatrice (I knew
all the others) and some of the ladies in
waiting.
Last week I sang, and so did Mignon,
for the Princess Christian and Victoria,
and of course Mignon delighted us all. She
is certainly to-day the most marvelous
singer In the world and is only twelve. I
wrote in the Queen's birthday book and
then she presented me with a decoration
which consists of _ her monogram set in
diamonds, pearls and turquoises sur
mounted by a crown in red enamel, gold
and diamonds.
It was itfter eleven when we took leave
of her Majesty. I say we because my
husband vf course was with me— lt was
too late at night for Mignon. We were
conducted by- the master of the household
to a private dining room where supper
was laid for us. It was past midnight
when we left the palace, in the royal car
riage which brought us here for the night,
and we leave in a few moments for Lon
don. . A ¦
Emma Nevada as a California Girl
THE-' SUNDAY- CALL.
2Tne newest Bilks, cordonnets. broches.
Peking rhasseau and taffeta broches are
employed in the making of the long coats
end the little dresses to be worn under the
coats.
The long semi-fitting coats which cover
th* entire gown are much worn by littlo
irSrls. and how much more becoming are
they for them than for big girls, who ln
elst upon making freaks of themselves by
wearing such.
These long box coats are made of vel
vet and cloth. As the velvet makes the
handsomer coat, it is much worn. A long
box coat of ox-blood red velvet trimmed
Tilth fox fur looks particularly well on
a little black-eytd maiden when worn
with a velvet hat. the rather wide brim
drooping on either side and the crown
decorated with white chiffon and ostrich
tips.
Black velvet makes the richest looking
coats. Thoy are cut In the styles of the
Louis days, and have the yoke opening
over a s-mall vest cf black velvet with a
utock collar of Russian lace. Around the
ehoulders taffeta pleating finished with
the lace Is run. A white undressed kid belt
hold? the coat loosely In at the waist.
The hat for this coat is made of black vel
vet, faced with white eatin and trimmed
with an immense white satin bow.
The vory latest coats and the swellest
everyday ones are the three-quarter
length automobile jackets. They are made
cf biscuit-colored melton cloth, and are
worn vith a cap of Russian kid. and
Cloves and leggings to match.
A ehort coat to reach half an Inch be
low the kneo is made oX green Amazon
«* YOT untlJ recently have the little
f\ I maidens of miniature society had
I \l a Dame Fashion of their om-n.
I y Formerly the little tots were
V,^ dressed in long, plain coats, and
were sent out each day to walk in
the fun, prowir.g up in obscurity, not to
emerge until their debut. It is different in
these fin de sieclc days. Children's clothes
a.re items of interest and expense. Small
people have cambric teas and Jam and
cake parties, which are swell dress-up af
fairs, and the best in the closet is worn.
They wear the same fabrics and colors
as do the grown-ups, and the same styles
are reproduced in tiny fashions that are
very catchy.
As a rule, the simpler th*> material the
more appropriate for a child; but there
are exceptions, and while the dress may
be of wash material, of mull, challie and
soft wash cashmer**, the cloak may be
of silk, satin or of the newer velvets
s.nd other handsome material obtainable.
The same straight lines are followed in
the cut of the clothe? for the little tots,
and a great variety cf material is used.
In light shade?" are exquisitely dainty. CM»
of pale pink is made to be worn with a
gulrape of sheer white material trimmed,
with Insertion. The little blou3«» is
trimmed with handsome open work ba
tiste, bolero fashion; a ruche of whita
llsse edges the derolletage and also fin
ishes the short puff sleeves. The skirt is
cut full and hid a deep hem. On each
shoulder white satin ribbon rosette 3 are
fastened and a white satin girdle finishes
the waist.
Point d'esprit makes Inexpensive and
very effective little frocks. Tnty are mode
over Swias of a solid color and are cut
very full, both skirt and bodice. The skirt
Is trimmed with two or three narrow ruf
fles, each one edsed with satin ribbon.
The yoke la outlined with satin edsed
ruffles and the belt Is of the satin ribbon
fastening on the left with a rosette.
In making the little guimpe3 those of
taffeta are as pretty and a3 "serviceable
as those made of the fine wash materials. '
Corded taffeta In cream, turquoise blue,
pink or crimson may be worn with t^i«
cachemire cr other winter frocks. Thosa
cloth End Is Empire In cut. The collar I*
appllqued in white and has a deep accor
dion pleating of pink taffeta. The yoke
bonnet to be worn with it 13 made of
green velvet faced with pink satin and
trimmed v.ith pink tips and ribbon. A
dear little face set in a frame of golden
curls and pink satin is quite the sweetest
thing imaginable.
The coats with these accordion pleatlngs
around the shoulders are very dressy. An
other pretty one Is made of tan covert
cloth, v.ith a double accordion pleated
ruffle of pale blue taffeta edged with
beaver. The yoke opens In a point over
a small vest of the cloth.- The cuffs are
finished with the fur. The hat for this
coat Is made of pale blue satin trimmed
t with blue chiffon and wide satin ribbon.
* An everyday coat is box kilted all
around and made of azure -cloth In to
bacco brown. The collar 1m appliqued and
edged with a one and a half Inch band of
beaver fur. Fur and applique trim .the
sleeves. A hat of the cloth completes thla
little costume. . '..• "
Another coat for everyday wear Is made
of dark red cloth, the turned down collar,
epaulets and cuffs being covered with
rows of black silk braid with a button
hole on each lapel. Another one is made
of blue velvet and has three box pleats
back and front mounted on a square yoke.
The yoke opens in a point over a small
vest and Etock collar of white Eatin.
White accordion pleatings are arranged
around the shoulders and edged with a
narrow blue velvet ribbon. Hat of blue
velvet trimmed with pale blue ostrich
tipa is worn.
' A rainy-day ulster Is macS of heavy
gray Oxford^and Is lined to the waist with
black satin.' A black velvet collar and
strapped seams make it a very stylish
coat and one serviceable for driving and
traveling as well as for a stormy day.
Charming little frocks for school wear
are made of Scotch. Irish and English
cheviot and are trimmed with bands of
mohair braid. Dark blue cashmere makes
pretty frocks when trimmed with blue
velvet ribbon and a touch of color. The
ribbon is put on in points around the foot
of the skirt and yoke. A tunic with waist
opens diagonally down the front, with the
opening concealed by a band of blue vel
vet ribbon. A collar of bright red and a
bow of red In the hair gives the needed
touch, of color.
Another pretty little costume Is made of
plaid Henrietta, with the skirt arranged
In side pleats. A little box jacket of cloth
having revers collar and cuffs of velvet
closes with three gilt buttons. A largo
hat of the plain felt has a cord of. velvet
around the edge of the brim and la
trimmed with bright plaid ribbon and
fancy buckles.
A dainty little house gown Is made of
tan crepe de chine. The skirt is made
gored and finished around the edge by a
two-inch pleating of chiffon headed by a
band of brown velvet. The blouse bodies
Is mounted on a yoke and. stock collar of
white satin, finished with a fichu of
brown velvet edged with a pleated ruffle
of tan chiffon. A sash of brown velvet
ties In a bow at the back and the ends
fall to the bern of the skirt.
The little silk frocks made of gros grain
made of tucked or embroidered taffeta
are very effective and not expensive as
only a small quantity ts required. China
silk tucked all over in crinkled tucks Is
very Inexpensive and suitable for yodnff
children.
The preference for wa3h dresses for th«
children la very noticeable and the ten
dency is farther away from slik than ever
and not even the dainty wash silks have
cut out the challies.
For the little dwellers in babyland ther*
Is a wide variation in styles. One Dar
tlcularly new is made with a yoke over
which extending downward at regular in
tervals are short straps of embroidery.
These are fitted with button hole* and th»
dress can be made shorter If desired by a
neat series of buttons. This Is a wise ar
rangement when the baby Is going Into
short dresses, as the skirt can be raised
for a few hours and the little one- get
used to having its feet exposed to the air.
All of these little gowns are made of
sheerest French nainsook and are very
simple.
Revenge
It was apparent that the barber was
highly pleased.
"What has happened?" he was asked.
"I had the pneumonia last winter." h*
answered.
"Yes?" . .
"Well, the doctor who doctored ms got
out of my chair just before you came
In. If his wife recognizes him when ha
gets home It'll be by hU voice." — Chic*j»
Times-Herald.
THE SUNDAI CALL.
The Little Miss and Her Winter Coats
3THE SUNDAY CALL.Creditor (determinedly)— l shall call *t
your house every week until you pay this
account, dr.
Debtor (in the blandest of tones)— Then,
sir, there seems every probability of our
acquaintanceship ripening Into friend*
ship.
Omens That Fa
vor the Boers.
You read the English newspapers and
get the Idea that all the realm has -from
the first expected a speedy victory over
the Boers. Butthere are In Britain many
people who read no papers and who firm-
there in th<? same way that the Apaches
had been subdued.
•His. death leaves me thinking of things
of which I would not care to speak. I
can only think of the two Geronimos, one
the last of his race to submit, the other
the last leader of organized troops in the
Philippines, and of the life of Lawton
between.
expected Boer victories. The prophecy
about the great final fight in the valley of
the Black Pig is believed In all parts ef
Ireland, where it 13 thought to involve the
final rout of Erin's enemies. That this
fight is about due Is indicated by the old
Irish verse:
When the lion shall lose his strength.
And the bracket thistle begin to pine.
The harp shall sound sweet, sweet at
length
Between the eight and the nine.
Between the eighteen hundreds and tht
nineteen hundreds, that is to say.
WSSSif "^Fresulted In their mur
r^W&r AT' derln S «s all, joining
SjlSr ¦ j^y ¦•' forces, with the' outlaws,
ftSj?^-' J^r-'' an d.tlitn v.ith a new supply
y ¦'¦¦ '°' arnniunition from our stores
¦;' l l hey would have started another
¦ £7 series of- rniils • and 'massacres
with the; certainty of ;l clear field
WT .of action for some time, as it could
not have then l>ecn : possible to get an
other hand. of. scouts to work under
American control.' and without them
there could he no cuce'ess! . " '' '"¦
they took to \. ". '^SS^^^kri ='-^^Sk
higher and more >. / ." vS\hw .-^7x
Inaccessible peaks \ : ""x^" l^^^."
and always tnadt • \- . -"- -,- (*"***¦
their camps on the \ '•'-¦ % r^**^^t
highest land In reach. \ ¦ ."^sT' V'
Here they were made un- \\,\/ y
comfortable and filled with a s ¦ Njvjr
dread of something that they 'S
could not understand. The flashes
from our heliograph signalers were
almost always in view, as messages
were being sent back and forth over
the peaks. This was something
that they could not understand and
was attributed by them to spirit agency.
They would never attempt to scale any
of the peaks from which they had seen
these flashes and their territory became
more and more limited. The men would
never work. Their hands showed that
such had been their habit for generations,
for the wrists were actually larger than
the hand, as we found afterward when
v/e tried to handcuff them.
The women, overcome and exhausted by
the superhuman tasks of attempting to
provide fuel and water for the. camps of
the mouiitain peaks, were unable to nurse
or feed their starving 1 children and rather
than leave them to be eaten by coyotes
or panthers threw them to their death In
the gloomy canyons.
The squaws were dressed in trousers,
with shirts worn loose as blouses over
them, and rode straddle, so wo had no
way of distinguishing: them from the men
and often founu that wo had by mistake
killed a mother or a young girl when
Bhootir.g at what appeared to be one of
the warriors.
Toward the last the Indians had lost all
of their horses, we too were on foot, our
supply train* far below, and the whole
M^wt ? A^ t " t^%£s&&t3&x of
vjlj^mjj ": V' : - ••*¦'/ j^T c " mbs U P one
'? ' '" * ¦'jSdf "^ • Jar Q^^ and down
" llaVW' < X _dff^ another.
•'^W/'V-y scouts never
'i^Y^'-'iy JSr once made a .mis
, jiiffif £3r take is to the posi
teffl^^^*^ u °n of (;pron!mo, and
flßSflr-y while he was ever plan.
nlng ambushes for us we
V X SUally turned tables on
\/ nlm «y getting around on the
V point behind him and so drlv
'%. jtir Ing him hurriedly down the very
'^Af cliff over which he had Intended
to rpH rocks down upon us, as ho
had usually been able to do with the
Mexicans.
These latter now became bolder as they
found that we had about conquered the
Apaches, and on one occasion became In
solent and fired upon our Chiricahua
scouts, pretending that they. did not
know that we were In their territory by
authority. ?..,¦.<*;
The final surrender of Geronlmo took
place in what was known as Skeleton
Canyon, a deep gorge eleven miles from
the Mexican boundary.
It took its name from a massacre which
occurred there long before, when the
guards and mules of a pack train loaded
with Mexican; dollars were, killed by
bandits. In the mix-up many of the raw
hide sacks of dollars were burst open and
scattered about, and even to the present
time it is still possible to find those
melancholy souvenirs scattered here and
there about the desolate rocks.
At last the time came, when Geronlmo. •
sent a squaw into camp to say that he
wanted to. see Lawton, Who was then
rounding up the last of the scattered out
siders, lieutenant Gatewood took a few
men and went to see Geronimo, but re
turned discouraged and said that he
thought that the Indians were only at-:
tempting to gain time and that any com
munication was dangerous: It was Im
possible from their location and from the
wornout "condition" of our troops' to 'at
tempt to kill or capture them by force.
Lawton said that Geronimo had not
made his offer in bad faith and went out
the next morning to meet him. * He suc
.cecded in obtaining a promise of sur
render. , - : { . • , -.-.:.»"
i Geronimo nnd the. remnants of his band
slunk into Skeleton Canyon, broken-spirit
ed and ashamed. Their children were
gone, some of their wives were dead and
some lost. Indians pre not demonstrative,
but their feelings are none the less keen
because concealed. ¦ •
These Apaches ¦ felt* .themselves but
women before their captors. Lawton him
self,was gaunt, ragged and lean, having
lost forty pounds in weight, but his face
was sparkling- v.-ith joy at the successful
end of as hard a fight as ever Hannibal
saw. Not -killed by sudden advantage,
but outtravcled, outgeneraled and beaten
In a fair test of endurance. The chase
had- covered over a thousand miles of
travel and had been a life and death
struggle for every man in It, the hunters
as well as the game;
-The early part of the day was spe.it in
gathering in the Indians, telling them
what was expected of them and preparing
for an early start next day. As the.after
rioon wore away the intense heat was fol
lowed by threatening clouds,' shutting In
the canyon,- and then came a •tempest
with continuous explosions of, electricity
with which the air was charged and a
smashing rain that drove us all— officers,
soldiers, scouts and prisoners— into the*
covered wagons for shelter.
'A wild, dramatic ending to the play,
with murderers •in the skeleton-covered
canyon, that was itself a stage where
murders had been. This was the fourth
surrender of Geronimo and the last.
There were a few straggling Indiana
that could not be found or induced to
come in who were miserably killed by
the Mexican soldiers, now brave when
danger was over, and the backbone of the
enemy broken. ' . .- ? : . j.-V ..•¦ ..' • •
The Indians were finally .started -East
In charge of Lawton to leave. forever the
land of their fathers; some to go, to Cax-
Hsle.and some to Florida. .
Even at that time, when ' Lawton " was
only^a. captain- of cavalry,- General 'Milea
held'him in the highest esteem and said
A X' ¦
r. wL ' '¦ ¦'-
+Jtory $Jh
by the %^
Man is)hom
£awton Jfad
Asked to Jake
a position on
Jiis Staff in the
Philippine islands
N
*T* Jf V work with General Law- "
/\ /I t'<:i commenced with a chase
I j aftT fine Geronimo, and was
J^ another racej on the opposite
f:<ic of the oarth. I knew La~-
t r n when hr- was a private, fighting his
v.ay through more than thirty battles of
the Civil War, fiorn the ranks to a, com
ir.'. scion.
I was his ch!*f of Fcouts when we walk
ed and climbed SCO miles through the
Bierra Madre. I was with him in
Cuba, and had been asked and was pre
paring to take a place on his staff in the
Philippine* when he was killed in his
er.pa^cmrnt with General Geronlmo.
People here may feel sorry for Lawtxm'f
<!cath, but you cannot feel it as we do
In Arizona. We knew the man there. Not
the general; just the man; v.ho could trail
an Indian into his own country and then
outwalk him. outwit him in stratagem,
¦undergo the Earn* privations, and finally
herd and drive that wild Indian Into a
trap, broken in spirit and sm-ngth. Even
then the Indians respected him for his
wonderful persona! courage, and would
surrender to no other person.
The fi*ht with Geronimo, the Apach-,
rv£.s when LAVStOD was a captain In the
Fourth Cavalry. Geronimo had about 150
Apache* with him. In the force cent
tcross th-j border to take him there were
iss thaun fifty eoldiers and something
more than twice that number of Chirica
bua Indian scouts. The Apaches had left
the reservation well supplied with arms
and ammunition, and had put in tru-ir
tlrr.e driving stock across the line until
that rart of the Sierra Madre where they
were lcdK<<i was a regular stock ranse,
with plenty of ponies to ride and cattle
for food.
The Indians were well fixed for a long
f:pht. They had no fear of the Mexicans,
either civilians or soldiers. They were
ssfe from attack from the Americans by
reason of being out of cur territory. They
had transportation and food wherever
they might be, for the cattle and ponies
wandered at will over a large range, and
the Indians knew the sheltered and crrassy
valleys where they could be found.
The policy was not to attack them In
any one pitched battle, but to take them
as a hunter and his dog would hunt quail.
They were rapidly driven ahead of us.-
My Chiricahua scouts kept us always ln
ffirmed as to where they were, and we
moved after rapidly enough to keep them
alwaj*B alarmed and on th«» go.
A Fudden attack and pitched battle
tnlght have enabled us to kill some, and
scatter the rest, but !t would have been
Impossible for. us to follow or find them if
separated. The Indians had heretofore
been s^ale wr^en they retreated to th«
Mexican side of the line, but now a special
treaty had been arranged, permitting us
to follow them wherever they went, cross
inp and re<-ro£r!i;s the line at our pleasure
romcthing which was very necessary, an
In going up or down what is called "Givo
end Tak<-" Canyon the crooked valley
ma:;y times crosses the bounday line,
which is rtraight at that point.
Tfce aicxicaa ecJdiera were hardly wcrth
J'eJnsr called soldiers, ~?W*» '^%
they were not paid, fed X^? .^
nor drilled with any reg- X ?-»2
ularity. Xo scouta or "V '«¦.;
transportation were provided >»'""
for.them. and when they went NT
out to repel invading bands of X
Apaches they seldom escaped with
out painful experiences.
The Apaches were careful to save
ammunition whenever possible and one of
their economies was to lie in wait at the
head of a barranca, or on the walls of ona
of the many cienegas through which the
Mexicans must pass. When the sooutless
Mexicans came walking, beneath the trjp
the Indians would industriously tumble
rock 3 over upon them, sometimes killing
and wounding soldiers, stampeding their
pack trains and demoralizing them com
pletely.
We started out with a well equipped
pack train, but as we got farther up Into
the high Sierra we gradually lost or were
compelled to leave our pack animals.
Many of them fell over the edges of the
trail and were killed by the fall, others
were ?o injured that they had to be shot.
As we entered this rough country we
found that the Indians also were losing
ponies and many of them were still allvo
but exhausted and "lying. Some had been
killed and partly cut up and eaten, for
an Indian, especially an Apache, is always
fond of horse meat and they seem to eat
it indifferently, even when they could ob
tain beef. They always carried a supply
of it cut into long strings bo that it
might dry as they travelled. As our
chase became more serious the enemy
took to still higher land. We discarded
all of our packing outfit and each man.
officer, soldier or scout came to the same
level, each carried his own provisions, gun
ami single blanket to, protect from the
cold, which was very bitter in the high
altitude and thin light air, for up hill or
down we were always at an elevation of
over five thousand feet or more. The en
tire mountains seemed to be nothing but
grotesque heaps of volcanic lava, deep
canyons with sides too precipitous to bo
traveled, and between them mesas cov
ered with flowering cactus and mesqulte.
The whole place was as lonesome as
the moon anu I do not know of any place
on earth that more resembles It. Cold,
bleak and with an Inexpressible lone
someness that tilled the mind with fore
bodings.
As Geronlmo, Natchez and the rest of
Jb/</ 6y Captain if. frank £eslie. tfis Chief
of Scouts in the Apache Campaign.
of him: "I selected from Fort Huaehuca
an officer by the name of Captain 11. W.
Lawton of the Fourth United States Cav
alry, whom I thought would fulfill all of
the requirements of commander for the
reason that he believed that these In
dians could be subjugated." Lawton. al
though he recognized their great skill,
cunning and physical strength, believed
that they could be met and defeated by
studying and improving their own meth
ods. He was peculiarly fitted for carry-
Ing out this idea. Physically he was in
perfect condition, weighing two hundred
and thirty pounds, well proportioned,
straight, agile, full of energy and with
out superfluous flesh. He could take up
an ordinary man and throw him a rod.
He had a bright, handsome face and was
la the prime of life. As fine a specimen of
man as could be found.
When Roosevelt commenced his recruit
ing I enlisted in one of the first com
panies formed In Arizona, and after ar
riving In Cuba was transferred by my
Kw own request to I,awton's command and
remained with him until the end of
dominion In - the Western
v hemisphere.
X the end of the war I re
•J S^V turned to Arizona. A short
|*^V time ago I received a re
. * ! -~^V Quest from General
I -S 5-V to join him in
S#SS^ Philippines and
lv believe that the land Is on the verge of
disaster.
The meteor showers have been «o Inter
preted In the midland counties, and the
fierce heat of last summer has been con
strued as a "warningr."
But most circumstantial Is the story
sent to the Spectator by Augusta Greg
ory of Galwny. Ireland. An old man, she
said, came from the Echtge Hills and
asked If the Boers were winning.
"There wHI be plague and famine
socn." he said, "and It's likely this war
Is the beginning. For It was prophesied
that it would be when there is a Quee..
over Ergland. When the Queen Is beaten
the Orangemen will come from the bot
tom of the north ar.d kill all before them,
and there will be long nights and bloody
blankets, and where the fighting Is wi'.l
be called 'Rlnne Mulce Duibhe"— that la,
the Valley of the Black Pig."
"But when the war comes as far ai
Kllchreest." continues the old man's
story, "a priest will put on his stole and
lift up his hands three times and rea<t
from his book, and that will weaken them
for a while. .
"I heard many prophecies long ago. and
they came true after. There was a pro
phecy that men would, come marchin?
from the mass .as if they were going to
battle, and I saw them do that myself.
with their hurling-sticks to their shoul
ders. In the time of the Land League.
And it was prophesied there would b«
wooden carriages without horses running
through Ireland, and that came true with
the railways. And Pastorinl prophesied
that the four corners of the cornfield
would catch tire nrst and then In the mlil
"And about thirty years ago I noticed
four small wars going on in different
parts of the world— that was the four cor
w ners. And now It's the middle.
feL "Some great thins happens every fflOO
years such as the deluge or the birth
of 'our Lord. *o when I heard of
v Uiis war with the Boers I
N. thought !t was likely the he-
X ginning of the big war, and
",-lV that the Queen is likely t.>
¦¦l"-\^ k' 1 beaten by them, and
•Nk that wa s what St.
. \/^V i.ihn the Apostli*
Our scouts, the main body of. our
force, were themselves Chirca
huas. blood relations to those
whom we were fighting.
They had slept in the
same wigwams, hunted
and raided together.
To attempt to get
our" men to kill
• their own
chums and
JB§^ kin-would
Jr^kk. surely
JST -have
Personal Experiences With the Late General Lawton
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5•~Y TORIES fcave "Srifteo In cne cy one
V^^. from fsj-ofT Alaska concerning that
V~ \ n*w city called. Nome: some have
come <L'.T' ctjj others have been
fc«.:-iCi<?'l about from one to another
until the 'i.TaTj of avarice have
fc*en outdone; fcVt the story of the first
election held In the Cape Nome district
remains jet to be told. It comes first
handed from Herbert Jaffe. who was om
cf the early wxe-i of Ncme City. He
ha* much to tell of this election end of
Nome la general. Acting as a judge of
rr.e bi'.lot five him an excellent oppor
tunitjr to note th-i the r.-ays of men are
various, especially whea elections are con
"i**io icciqcsils ox x.r»© . g\ cnt*wi d j w.ji
stand alone and distinct, as they were
punctuated by stray bullets from the re
volvers of an over-patriotic populace. It
is the came eld story of labor versus capi
taL The, latter claimed the land. I-abor
wished to ftjuat upon it aad eke out an
exister.ee cf £."> a day per man. Cap
ital objected and Lrougl.l out the Gov
ernment soldiers. Labor remonstrated
rather forciiily and engaged lawyers.
Thtn the Circuit Judge. a.:ded by several
prominent clttzr ns, from behind the oar
cf the Northern Saloon and the Behrir.g,
a place of lika character across the way,
framed a charter by which the city of
Nome should be Incorporated and cajoy
til the privileges of a well-regulated mu
nicipality. This charter, together with the
officers which it called for, were voted
upon en the iirst day of September.
Needless to say, there was much button
holing and electioneering done by both
parties, for the iCTue was of no email im
portance, and the dignity of Nome City
was at staxe.
Stampede Kitty took her stand In front
of the iJehring iind tzug popular songs.
Nugget Jim. v/ho had been a police law
yer, harangued the populace from the
front porch of the hotel, spoke of down
trodden labor and the inhumanity of man
to man. inasmuch as DO cents was charred
other. and r«?rr.ap«« t«n minutes later he
was John l>ce In a third. •
Toward 3 o'clock" In the afternoon, or
"about the sixteenth drinking time.'" the
labor party received a shock. It came
cfT.cially from several of the booths that
the labor party was falling bfhlnd. and
that the miners would suffer ignoble de
feat unle*« something was done, and that
quickly. Lanky Jo«» and Old Horse Ken
got their heads together and decided on
a plan of action. *
Abcut a mile below Nome, working the
sands en the beach, were some 500 men.
These men had no particular interest in
the welfare of the city, and so did not
atter.d the election. It wa? to these men
that tfce labor party appealed, telling
them of the untold quantities of bottled
enthusiasm which awaited them if they
would avail themselves cf their oppor
tunity to vote. About ZM of these suburb
an? left thrlr T>ay dirt and came in a
body to Nome, and with aucb vigor and
ULera'lly did they vote lhat the labor
part - stood forth glorious, triumphant
nnd drunk, with a majority greater than
the population of Nome itself. Let it be
Ria'ic kr.cwn right here thx<t it remained
for Nome ty show the world that women
had as m-jc-Ji right in the nan.i^emcr.t of
a covercrrcnt as men. The women of
Nome wrre ailowrj to rotr. l»:\lted
to rote as offn as they pleased, as often
«6 the men. for by so doing they made
manifest their equal rights. Thus passed
the first election day In Nome, quiet ar.d
peaceful. True. «everal of th«> more tur
buUnt were inflicted with Fma!l wemndi.
No one* was shot to death: they might
have died the next day. but. of courte,
that did not count.
Each citizen felt proud within himself.
Inasmuch as he had demonstrated the
first principle of American rights— that
every man had a right to vote, and the
mere often he voted the better citizen he
was. Nome, now that rhe had adopted a
charter, awakened from her lethargy,
threw off the remains of her mushroom
growth and blos^cmrd fortn into a full-
Frilling master »v
and upon which the Q^ " :
Jm!ge was to take X /^
passage. ~*-^
"Your Honor." said vl^ A
t'.:e sailing master, bow- /^
ing. "I have to report that X
a storm is approaching, and A^
that we will have to make sail
at once." M.
The Judge thereupon declared T^_
"all bets off," and consigned the >
prisoners back to jail to await his %
coming the following year. V
There is also told a story of a notor
ious character by the name of Clear Kid,
who committed many depredations and
was finally arrested for robbing a
drunken sailor. The city Justice fixed
his bail at $1000. The dust was promptly
forthcoming and tne culprit was allowed
his temporary freedom. The bail money
was deposited In the city treasury— th«
pocket of the Chief of Police. This dig
nitary, by some mishap, lost the envelope
containing the bail dust. All Nome stood
aghast. The honor of the Chief was a 1
etake. A man by the name of Moses
Roiencrariti chared to find the precious
envelope, and he. good man, at once re
turned it to the authorities. For this
act of eelf-denial Moses was dubbec
"Honest Mose," and "Honest Moee" h<
is to this day. The only reward he askec
was that one of the three hair mattressej
then in Nome be given him. Needless tc
cay, he got it.
This mattress, although it was a grea'
comfort, was at the same time a greai
source of trouble. It was coveted bj
for a drink and $2 SO fcr a hair cut. Pis
tols were given an extra clearing and the
price of cartridges advanced 50 per cent.
Tfce rar.fllda.tes, Jn the meantime, let their
pistol flngers EtiJTen from lack of exer
cise. The fight between the two partic-s
en the- day cf election was a bitter one.
Jt commenced early in the morning and
lasted far Into the night. All day long
men hurried about voting here and there.
There were three voting booths and any
citizen could rote in all three at least
enc* an hour, the interim being filled In
ty gambling and drinking. No special
form cf ticket was used. Pencil, paper
and the smooth tide of the dance hall
furnished the essentials. Such a thing
is a register was unheard of. John
Eslth in ens booth was Bill Jones In aa-
and a police force were established; a
City Attorney saw that r.o person of evil
intent menaced the public finances,
which, by the way, were carried about
in the pocket of the Chief of Police— a
mar. chosen on account of his nerve under
Cre and his unfaltering aim.
ilany amusing incidents are given by
Mr. Jaffe which have to do with the ad
ministration of justice in this far-off
land. One is told of Circuit Judge H. D.
Johnson, who came to Nome City but
once a year, the circuit being so large
and the season so short. The Grand Jury,
therefore, convened but once a year and
all trials were stayed pending the arrival
of the Judge. Court was In full swing
and several prisoners were up for trial
on serious charges. Suddenly the door
every man in town, as a good sleep upon
a hair mattress was worth risking some
thing for, and consequently Honest Mose
had no little difficulty in keeping the
supine forms of his fellow townsmen from
reposing upon that which did not belong
to them.
A piano and a mattress do not go well
together either in poetry or in prose save
when they are taken from a folding-bed
point of view, but there was an indirect
connection between the first piano in
Nome and the mattress belonging to Hon
est Mose. The arrival of this piano was
an event of much Importance and at the
same time of great satisfaction to all
parties concerned— th« public, the owner
and the piano itself— because Nome pre
vious to the arrival of the aforesaid piano
Flo Trouble at the ?OTIS
fI Uanef whe^e sve»*y
V one ts invite^ to vote
¦*.--/i'"r'", -***¦ > J\H V \ ¥ fl» baa LJ^ t ¦
age is perfect Then again, the pay dirt
is cf such a quality that it can be handled
with the greatest ease, thereby causin?
very little cf the gold to be lest ia the
process of rocking the dirt. Under thess
conditions it can be readily seen, that tha
cost of production is smalL
L&bor Is the greatest Item of ex
pense, but this when taken in pro
portion to the net rains dwindles into
insignificance. Perhaps one of the great
est advantages of these fleld3 lie 3 :z
their accessibility. The greatest £.?.
cuity as has been stated before is inaat
tested in the landing of both passengers
and freight from the vessels to the shor»
at the harbor, if it may be so called. Th*
geld Itself has been pronounced by ex
perts to be of an exceptionally pure quali
ty. It is clean and bright, is easily re
torted and amalgamates perfectly oa tha
copper plates, which lie in the bottom of
each rccker. The specie Is found In £r.a
particles and small grains in ths pay dirt
along the beach, while In the interior ani
along the numerous creek 3 the product
contains nuggets cf exceptional eire an!
weight. These nugget 3 are generally
smooth worn, showing that they hay« a:
seme time been washed about cr warn by
the friction cf Ice in scsie prehistoric pe
riod.
A gTeat item cf expense which is
generally attendant upon the opening of
an El Dorado lies In the cost cf prcs
pecting both in time and money. Many
mcnihs and many dollars have been ??ent
the world over In prospecting worthless
land, but here things are different. It is
possible to determine the value of a c".a:a,
cr at least to ascertain whether It 13 worth
working cr net, almost a: a glance as tha
soil to be prospected lies but a few feet
below the surface, either en the- beach cr
back in the foothills. There is but llttl*
non-producing dirt to remove, as bed-reck
is found five feet b«low th? surface. Men
who have suffered with the gold fever for
fifty years aver that the inland mines of
ihis district are very similar in geological
formation to the early placer mines in
California. During the mining season at
Ncrce almost all the operations were ccn
f;ned to beach diggings. This was dus
chiefly to the accessibility to water and
to the fact that little was known cf th»
interior mining regions.
Two million d&!'.ar3 have been ex
tracted from the beach a!rea2y and no
estimate can be made of what lies
hidden there. Prospectors have gore
over, sixty m!le3 of this beach and
say that in every inch of It there la
The Latest! Are You Going
w»b without music except that which -was made by "Finiky
Dick" upon a purring Jew's harp. The proverbial mining
camp fiddler had not put in an appearance aa yet. The
piano with much care and gTeat eclat was taken to the
dance hall and deposited adjacent the bar and carefully
k unpacked, the box being immediately appropriated by
Lanky Jim to be used as a sleeping apartment. The
*^L crowd stood about !n silent awe, viewing this ex-
ample of civilization. The proprietor strutted
.1^ about his new acquisition with much pride, ten
'^k derly flicking a particle of dust here and there
from eff its polished surface. Finally the in
j^^ Btrument was'ready to be operated upon and
come cr.e was a3ked to volunteer a tune.
\^t • 2\o or.c responded. Alas, the proprietor
•^^ bad not taken account of this^ — there was
.^^^^ no one to play. Jim Moak, who carm
gt should be played and
SjgL ~"^_! ": ' • not thumped, ar.ci so
the Hd of the piano reached down Into
Its depths and brought forth— his mat
tress. Grasping It tightly under his arm
he went out of the dcor and out lato the
night-
Like all other parts of this world. Nome
!s not without its pathetic s!de. Men and
women live. die and suffer there as well
as In any other place, and perhaps In a
more marked degree. The class of people
who so to mining camps are these who
are rough and ready and withal have the
human side of their natures well devel
oped, unhampered by the conventions of
refined society, which teach that senti
ment should be lost early in youth ar.d
that a placid, stele existence is to be
adopted instead.
A baby was born in Nome, the Srst that
was torn there— torn in the midst of all
the roughness ana Hardship round there,
and ur.dcr conditions at which many a
strong man l:as ninched. The father died
soon after the child was born and left the
mother dependent upon the community.
The nunerss — tig. stiong, burly fellows —
vied with one another in representing the
community. They all worshiped at the
shrine of Billy, for that was his came,
and feit well rewarded if they got a peep
at the little round face or the tiny pirJc
hands. Billy could iiave had Lis weight
in oust should he have wanted it, or any
thing else, for that matter. Already he
had Jim Moak's watch to make eyes at,
and Finicky Dick had left a nice, round
r.ugget for "the kiii" to cut his teeth
upon when the tfme came. But the time
never came. Uiliy pasted away one day
-at the breast cf his mother. Honest Mose
said that Billy was too good fcr the place,
and that was all there was to it. They
burled the little follow out back of the
k town. The snows of winter come
ttk down and cover up the place, and
in the spring the sun comes and
the mantle melts away, leav
i In E ln * green srasa upon the
grave— green as the memory
earn and jetsam -which tell the
tale cf many wrecks and wasted capita!.
This driftwood until recently was used
for fuel, but now. owing to Improved
transportation facilities, coal has been in
troduced. The city itself is a collection
of bamllke structures and tents, indis
criminately scattered about. V.'ooden
houses are at a premium, as lumber of
the roughest kind costs $300 rer thousand
feet. Saloons and dance balls ficur.jb.
and gambling is conducted with that open
r.ess so distinctive of any new town.
Wages are good, bat the cost of living i»
proportionately large. The commonest
form of labor ccrnrnanis a salary of $15 to
120 a day. Men owning claims make rn.ro
SICO to %iYA a week. The banner clean- up
is claimed by a miner by the name of
Cummlngs, who in one day cleaned up L-7
ounces of gold, valued at SIS 23 an ounce.
The beach for many miles is dotted w:tn
mining claims. The particular sand la
which the gold is found is ruby red in
color and lies a few feet below the s-.ir
face. in strata from two to nine inches in
thickness.
Two rivers, the Snake and the Nome,
drain the Nome district. These and tiieir
tributaries give the appearance upon a
map not unlike the backbone of a Ais. The
richest of these creeks are Anvil, Snow
Gulch, Dexter, Basin and Buster.
The harbor at Nome is almost Inacc -s
sible, and ships of any draught can «>¦
preach scarcely within two miles of the
shore on account of the shallowcess cf the
water. Landings are made in small boats,
and even then at the risk of a good wet
ting. The targes are cast adrift some
mile 3 from land and then washed up on
the shore. This method does not always
prove successful, as many barges have
teen wrecked and much valuable freight
has been lost. But the city, in spite of
Its remotenes and Its hampered trans
portation facilities, is progressing. Enter
prise has shown itself. An electric light
and power plant Is soon to be established,
and this, together with other improve
ments, will do much to offset the incon
veniences of this treasure laden city.
These new gold fields at Nome nave all
the advantages necessary to a prosperous
mining district. They have, primarily,
the essentials of easy mining. The titlis
are large and easily accessible daring four
months cf the year. The claims, tech
nically speaking, are shallow— that Is to
say. the pay dirt Is not far below the sur
face and is of easy working. There is an
unlimited quantity of water and the drain-
THE SUNDAY CAKL.
6
events ©PThat Day A^j
?yorp iNot^s by an\
cy was a <* yt&h^&g&s^ i
newcomer In v^ %j. ''Jt?§- '^': ¦ '• — -~— ,
tall and slender. c £\ ' "osh'« ' ¦.' J ''' ¦
him told that as he had v *^ <jj» -*; >i^^^ji»
the first, all-prevailing re- M^ ts^ % '*i ' '''l/^y^-'^tl
quisito— hair and plenty of it. (4. S^S^ j^g^
It was blonde and stuck out all "^ VV -^J>
over his head like the unraveled -k ***
end of a rope.
The news had spread tike wild- vl j/y 1
fire all over tbo town thai there was Q t^
to be a piano recital that evening at O. y&^ - ?
the Elks' dar.ce hall. All Nomedom -k g > a 
was there. Chauncy took his seat, an- *k ¦
nounced that he would play "Annie 800- Vl -
ney." threw his head back and gazed at <y -^L
the bullet holes in the ceiling and moved *_J
Ms fingers over the keys. But no music was U <1
forthco!«ins. Nothing but a dull thump. U
thump. Chauncy hit the keys harder, but "An- 0 .
nic" did not come out. The proprietor tore his hair Q^
and swore to think that he had paid J5OO for a piano \\
and then not have it work. He swore again and took
three jolts of whisky in rapid succession. The crowd V
commenced to josh and cry "fake": others offered to -k
shoot a tune oft the keys. Suddenly Honest Mose stepped v v.
in at the door and, advancing to the piano, held up his ha'i.d M.
for silence. It was given him. "Citizens." he said as he LU^,
scraped his foot In salute, "that narrow-gause scoundrel/? JQ^,
Nugget Jim, was after my mattress again last night, and if ]
you will pardon me a minute and not shoot I'll fix this yere box
all right in a jiffy." Ther eupon he wheeled about and openingSeveral dr<=^grrs will b? ir.trrxiuced next
F<rs^r.n which will f?st the availability of
The Fubmf-rcrd sands. Back of the beach
lies the tundra, an expanse of marsh, ice
and water, which «-xtends some four miles
Jr-land to the foothills. Mining has not
been carried on extensively in these hills
on account of the rivalry of the beach.
which gave letter, surer and more prompt
returns to the three thousand men en
gaged th^ie Zast season.
Needless to say the easily acquired and
as easily lost pold fever hrought about
by the stories <>f these newly acquired
cold fields has fired the breast of many a
pood Oaliforr.lan with a desire to tempt
Dame Fortune in the frozen north— to
leave the culture and refinement of the
metropolis and *e*k a rough-and-ready
l:fo in this land of twilight. It would be
v.t:: for him to dispel a few of the popu
lar fallacies concerning the Nome region
end bring himself down to a consideration
cf th» actual conditions existing th>_re.
The wou!d-V> searcher after the golden
f>ece would have much to think about
ar.d much to prepare thru he might not
run amuc!: and get lost on some forest
shore. There is such a thir.p as being
nver-pre ( v,arrd— -overburdened with tbtaga
Buperfluoua fn the undertaking. First in
the way of }>r> paredne«s conies the item
ef clothirp. Ti.is is not a. matter of such
great Importance as the photographs cf
fur-clothed gentlemen would lend you ;o
believe. Any prospective miner need but
take his o!d clothes— the fplcndor of form
er days— »«*«» thai the buttons are sewed
en tight and the holes removed from the
pockets. There 1* a great fallacy preva
lent that the climate of Alaska the year
round Is accompanied with furs avd
heavy woolen underwear. This is an er
ror. The focr months which comprise the
mining season — spring, summer and
autumn, the rest being gi\-«>n over to win
ter—-Co not require more than the average
•mount of clothing worn by the ordinary
laOlvHoaL
It 1b very essential that or.* should
take along a complete rubber suit, con
elptir.g of boots, trousers, coat and hat,
t» summer showers are frequent, and
the dryir.g process of wet clothes
1« erriensive, us fuel comes high. Next In
Importance ia food. The prospector need
rot burden himself with more than one
month's supplies, and these should occupy
fs eman a space and weigh as little as
possible. Condensed and concentrated
foods, such ap roups. meat- 1 ", milk and po
tatoes, should form the principal articles
of diet. Pate de fols eras and anchovies
should be left at home. Incidentally, let it
be mentioned that the tune should be
done with all firearms, aa they are more
ept to get you into trouble than to k«ep
rou out of it. It Is absolutely neceaeary
that a tent fhouid be taken along. Every
rr.an should have one, as no man can tell
¦when a midnight i"hewer will spring up—
from where no ore knowi?, but seemingly
from some region t*n feet above on«s
head. During the l&ot season much Bick
ness was prevalent, especially typhoid
ff-ver. It le well, therefore, to be pro
pared in a Eirr.ple. concise sort of a way—
ruch Blmpl<* remedies as aconite, quinine
and camphor. The chance of contagion
has been reduced to a minimum for the
coming season owing to the atrenuous ef
forts of the newly elected Town Council,
which has put in a complete sewer sys
tem, thereby removing the cause of con-
The water a.t Nome and all through the
district 2$ poor and unhealthy for drink
ing purposes and phould always be boiled
before using. The transportation to Nome
City last eeason was tIOO first class and
175 second. The conclusion has been
drawn by some that the rate will be re
<Juced next epring. the reduction being
principally due to the fact that several
THE ARTICLES WHICH ARE NEEDED BY THE MINER INTENDING
TO STAY A SEASON OF FIVE MONTHS, AND WITH WHICH
HE MAY ENJOY "ALL THE COMFORTS OF NOME."
various, and there is always such a thina
possible as the pooling or traffic. It
would be useless for any one who is go
ing to Nome to take his mining accesso
ries with him, simple as they are. consist
ing of pick, ehovel, quicksilver, copper
plates and rocker. These things tan be
obtained at Nome at a reasonablo price,
considering the isolation of -the place and
the cost of transportation. Quicksilver,
however, must be part of the miner's out
fit when he starts for the gold fields, and
it is imperative that 50 or 103 pounds be
taken along, as this commodity sells at a
high price, and very little of It is handled
by the Nome merchants.
The rocker is the most complex of
the Implements used and yet it is
quite fcltnple, and consists chiefly of
a long box or trough 6ume four
or five feet in length, being at one end
about two feet in width, gradually taper
ing down to six inches at the other. In
the bottom of this trough are fixed sev
eral copper plates over which the quick-
silver Is poured. Directly over the -large!
end of the trough and fastened to it is
set a wooden box, two or three feet
square and open at the top. The bottom
Is of tin, tnost likely a coal oil can per
forated with holes the size of one's
thumb. This entire arrangement is fast
ened to a set of rockers not unlike the
kind that rocked us to and fro in our
babyhood. The mixed sand and gravel
are shoveled into the box and then water
is poured over. The rocker is set in mo
tion and the sand is washed through the
trough and over the copper plates. The
water and free sand pass out through the
Fmall end of the rockc*. leaving the gold
amalgamated with the quicksilver. Truly
the hand that rocks tha rocker rules the
world.
The miner on his arrival at Nome may V
pitch his tent any place until he locates ()
his claim, either upon the beach, thc#;
Groceries — 5 sacks of flour, 50
pounds of ham, 50 pounds of bacon,
25 pounds of rolled oats, 20 pounds
of rice, 50 pounds of beans, 30
pounds of dried fruit, 12 tins of but
ter (2 pounds each), 50 pounds of
sugar, 3 pounds of tea, 10 pounds of
coffee, 15 pounds of salt, 8 dozen
cans of assorted meats, 8 dozen cans
of assorted fruits, 4 dozen cans of
milk, 4 dozen cans of cream, 4 dozen
cans of corn, 4 dozen cans of toma
toes, 4 dozen cans of beans, 2 dozen
cans of chicken, 4 dozen cans of soup,
2 dozen cans of jam, 5 boxes of dried
yeast, 5 pounds of baking powder.
Hardware — 1 stove, 1 tent (lOx
12), 1 ax, 1 hatchet, 1 pick and
shovel, 1 gold pan, 1 frying pan, 1
coffee-pot, knives and forks, plates,
cups and saucers, breadpans.
Clothing — 1 suit of oil or rubber
clothing, 1 pair of rubber boots, 3
suits of light woolen underwear. The
rest of the clothing worn is practi
cally the same as is worn in Califor
nia,.
MYSTERIES
OF THE
SEA.
The mysteries of the deep seaa are com
ing to light. Scientists have measured
the mountains of the ocean bed and their
lead lines have penetrated into valleys so
deep that the sun's rays are lost miles
above their bottom.
Some of these are more than 30,000 feet
below the surface. If the highest moun
tain in the world were set at the bottom
its summit would be nearly half a mile
under water. A rope long enough to sound
their remote depths would reach from the
Mississippi River into St. Louis County.
In the*e valleys thcro are no plants,
•woods or Vegetation of any kind, because
such forms of life need light, and at
these depths there is total darkness. But
animal life flourishes. Many of these
deep-sea animals are gigantic. These ani
mals are all, or nearly all, without eyes.
Most of them eat mud and slime, but
there are others that seek living prey,
find it by means of great feelers and then
grasp and kill it with lon«j tentacles.
It is strange that in these dark and
freezing abysses vast quantities of vege
table matter arc found that during their
lives were bathed in tropica.l sunlight and
in water SO decrees above zero. These de-
posits lie side by side with other orßan-
four stakes, one for each corner of the
rectangle. As soon as a piece of land
is decided upon by the prospective miner
the district recorder Is notified, who. for
the small sum of $2 50. examine* the rec
ords to find out if there are «my previous
claimants, and, if none are found, places
the location on record. Locating a claim
in the York district is the same in process
but different as to sfze. inasmuch as the
land geologically is different from that
of the other districts. The area 'allowed
here is 500 feet In width, and the length
depends on the geographical formation.
The width may vary from a hundred feet
to half a mile. The creek on the borders
of which the claim is taken up generally
passes through the claim. What is known
technically as the rim, or rims, forms the
boundaries on either end of the claim.
The rim is nothing else but that place in
the formation of the land where the hills
•forming the water-shed begin to rise. It
is estimated by the transportation com
panies that there will be a heglra of gold
jseekers, numbering some 23,000, to these
\new gold fields next spring.
Isms which passed all their lives in dark
ness, and at a temperature near to the
freezing point. The vegetable organisms
were originally absorbed by plants and
animals on the earth's surface or In the
shallow waters, and it is estimated that
three-fourth 3 of the deposits now covering
the bottom of the ocean have at some
time passed through the alimentary ca
nals of marina animals.
The geography of the sea—"ocean
ography" It Is called, began with the lay
ing of the ocean cables and was elevated
into a branch of science by the cruise of
the Challenger. Since then it has been
found that there are forty-three great
deep-sea valleys. The Pacific Ocean. Uka
the Pacific slope, is the great mountainous
region of the water world: there are
twenty-four vast valleys concealed be
neath It.
According to a paper read by Sir John
Murray before the British Association the
area occupied by these deeps is estimated
at 7,132,000 geographical square miles, or
about 7 per cent of the water surface of
the globe. Within them over 230 soundings
have been recorded, of which twenty-
Judge C. S. Blackett of the Nome and
'York Mining and Trading Company, who
lis a man well versed in things concerning
Nome, being an early settler in this re
gion, puts the number at more than this,
Igiving as his reasons the extraordinary
(incentives offered to the prospector far
above those of any other gold fields now
'known.
lour exceed 24.C00 feet, including three
exceeding 30.000 feet. Depths exceeding
24.00") feet have been recorded within eight
cf the deeps, viz., in the North Atlantic
within the Nares deep, in the Antarctic
with in the Ross deep, in the Banda Sea
within the AVeber deep, in the North Pa
cific with the Challenger. Tuacarora and
Sunau deeps, and In the South Pacific
I "There can be little doubt." says Judge
Blackett, 'that there will be room for
'all in these new districts, a3 the fields
lat present are practically unlimited. Last
.year only thirty miles of beach was
prospected by some StwO men. These men
'scarcely left any impression upon that
,which they had gone over. The fever was
upon them, and they consequently mined
only the richest of the claims, and these
tin a very careless manner, losing much
within the Aldrich and Richards deeps.
Depths exceeding SO.OOi) feet have been
hitherto recorded only within the Aldrich
deep of the South Pacific, to the past of
the Kermadecs and Friendly Islands,
where the greatest depth is 5135 fathoms,
or 530 feet more than five geographical
miles, being about 2000 feet more below
the level of the sea than the summit
of Mount Everest, in the Himalayas, is
above 1C~ : Ip-
ing else than an extt'-- Leach, flanks all
the present shore, and is as rich in every
particular as Its successor. More pro
ductive and larger than al! Is the inland
region, traversed by rivers and creeks,
forming a veritable network of streams
all bordered by gold-producing soil."
Points Qopeertyir;^
J^ pamous /I\ipiis
District sl?at f\\\
Sbould Be Informed
Upoty BefoYe Qoii?^
Jo tf?e par ffortr;
of the Large United States transport* will
go out of ccmmlesion and will engage In
Alaskan trade. This, competition will, it
is hoped, reduce farea. It may be doubt
ed, however, as tho ways and doings of
transportation companies aro many and
Items T!?at " Vl/ill
Prou^ Ipterestipt}
Evep if You J^aue
/Already /I\ad? dp
Your /T\ii?d to s^y
Comfortably J-lome
ttmdra or in the hin land. The slza of
the claim allowed by law is 1320 feet in
length and 660 feet In width, making a
rectangular piece of land containing twen
ty acres. The process of staking out,
as it is called, is simple, and needs only
of the cold. North of Kobm," ooctlaaM
Judge Blackett, "there la yet ninety miles
of gold-bearing: beach to be coo* ever,
and then to the south there is a v*«t
stretch of like character, extending to
Norton Bay. Tee tundra, which Is Both-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
to Try Your Luckat Nome This Spring?
7
gro'.d. The pay streak run? to the wa
ter's e<lge and it is certain that 1t
runs further, but hen- far no one knows,
ts the limited possibilities <-.f this new set-
T'err.ent could not produce the requisite
machinery to furcish an investigation.WHEN the curtain rises on the twentieth century,
woman will be discovered occupying the center of
the stage. What will she be like, this woman of
the coming century? According to Flammarlon,
the famous French scientist, the twentieth century
docs not begin until the end of the year 1900.
Therefore the coming twelvemonth will In truth be the fln
d^-fiecle—a term which, through Its use and misuse, has al
most lost its literal meaning. The following prophecies
from some of the brightest women of to-day predict eplen
did attainments for the woman of to-morrow. These ladies
are most competent to sketch the women of the coming: cen
tury, for they themselves stand for the highest development
of the present day. They are ladies prominent In club and
social life, women of broad knowledge, with advanced Ideas,
yet lacking none of the domestic qualities that are to a wo
man's charms what the perfume is to the flower.
If the woman of the twentieth century advances with
the stride of the woman of this century great, indeed, will
l>e her achievements. The woman of yesterday and to-day
b.rc Leagues apart. At the beginning of the nineteenth cen
tury the only opportunity for liberal education open to any
woman was through the employment of private teachers.
No college or high school was open to her. Seminaries.
Quaker boarding schools and convents existed, but the cur
riculum <>f such schools included -'rudiments" and "accom
pUshmcms" only. "•'¦_- '.
The study of geography was not often permitted to gins,
I clrg considered "indelicate" as well as useless.
In IS3 the Troy Female Seminary was opened by iirfc
Emma Will.ird. «he first institution in the
United States offering "higher education"
to women. Mrs. Willard Is known as th»
pioneer of the "Higher Education for Wo
men."
In 1526 Boston opor.ed a high school for
girls, but in IS2S the school was closed. ¦ j
yielding to the clamor of opposition." In JB
ISC3 OberUn College was established on itf
a co-educational plan and education for I£§
women, once thought "indelicate." was Et&
r.ow pronounced merely "unnecessary." Jljg
gradually oveluting until it was accepted g«j|
es "natural" and "necessary." Kpa
Even in the middle or the nineteenth jgjJS
century physiology was considered high- uS
ly "indelicate" for girls. Graduates of «S|
Tr<">y Seminary report peeing thick paper
pasted over illustrations of the human yi
body in textbooks, having been accounted
by parents too indecent for students to
observe. In v school taught by one of
Mrs. Willards graduates, the mothers
left the mom in a body when the exam
ination in physiology was called.
Paulina Wright Davis, who lectured on - «.
physiology and used a -manikin for lllus-
tration. reported that "women frequently jr s^"^
dropped their veils, shocked at the in- / /^
delicacy, ran out of the room and even '/, :/
fainted at sight of it." / /
In ISIB Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell was /
graduated in medicine at Geneva, N. V.. ¦ /
the lirtt graduated woman physician in r^_ — -~~*^
the world. Upon her application for ad- \^ ., .*^**
r;:;ss;o:i, the faculty agreed to leave the /
matter to th<» students, fully ¦ expecting Jq
and hoping they would say "no"; but MM
they voted unanimously to admit her. jpew
The women at her boarding house re- Pea
fused to speak to her during h>°r three ASy
years of stud} . and on the streets drew JHsJ
i Ridi their skirts if they r^ianeed to moot bx£m
r. lest they should become contaml- {$?]
rated by contact. . P&£
Another incident shows strongly the j^«
progress in occupations and professions. HHf
: '-:i B. 1". Hamilton, a merchant of te'^l
Faco. Me., employed a young woman as PHI
clerk in his store. Bom merchant nni - 1
• ¦:! wen highly respectable, but the W&L
f-'<T<- was "boycotted" by the "be-»t wo- T'". j
men in the town." £BL i
By such slow. laborious, even painful ;«s£| /;
processes public opinion has been tran3- aSi 13
formed in this century. As for '.he wo- £2HI £g\
rr.an of the twentieth ceritury? 'R«aJ tha i^s/^3r
Icllowing ••¦ swera to the Interrogations: * UplHr
The Cleverest, Most Inter
esting Woman the
World Has Known.
Th<* twentieth «**ntury woman will b« ¦ :
tb*> a!!-a.rnund cleverest, most Interesting
trnman th<> world has ever known. Her
fpkndid advantages in education and co.
education, hrr facilities for travel, her In
dependence of action and thought inher
ited from her mother, or possibly her
grandmother, ¦will combine to make her , £«"
forceful and self-reliant . broad mind«-d
and useful. Looking about intelligently
In a busy, imperfect world, she will w-int
to contribute her share toward tb.it
•world's progress; s he will make philan
thropy a scientific t^tudy. and at the same
time a sacred duty. She will, however,
not fail to make herself personally ft- \
tractive or neglect what may contribute \
to her personal happiness. Modern atn
letics will have made her strong, activa
and full of the joy of living. She will loik
end feel at 40 no older than the early
nineteenth century woman did at 25. felie
will drift into matrimony late and then
preside in her home with the quiet dign:ty
and Intelligent sympathy sained from the aforesaid ?tudy ol
all Forts and conditions of men. For diversion she will have
more advanced reading, more realistic plays, more highly or
ganized clubs — questionable advantages, but her natural legacy
from prevent conditions.
MRS. HELEN HECriT.
Philorr>ath Club.
Every Gin Should Be Taught to Solve
the Bread and Butter Problem.
The woman of the coming century will develop along the
lines laid down by the broad-minded women of this age and
generation. If coming events cast their shadows before, the
Uftprosrsadvc narrow-minded women will be force-d to at last
trail at the end of the procession in the nriward march of prog
ress. Broad-minded mothers v. ill train theit boyi and girls so
that the mc»i themselves will take up the cudgels for woman's
Tiplit to have tin opinion that shall count— and there Is but one
v. ay t>> give l-.cr that right— through the ballot. Woman's last
birthright will be returned to her when a generation of men,
educated to that point of view, shall place the masculine seal
of approval on the cause of suffrage. End thereby prop the
tiunions of the women who are undecided, indifferent or op-
IK-fed. Women fitted in the highest sense to be mothers will no
train their boys and girls that this will be brought about as a
rttural sequence of natural training.
Every pirl of the twentieth century should be taught to
rolve th« bread arid butter problem. She should put her ca
pcrity to earn her own living to a test as soon as she is able
to do to. fi£e will then be prcpaied practically if It Is ever
necessary for her tc be a wnge-earner.
liut the woman of ths coming century will not lose any of
the feminine qualities that have marked the women of all cen
turies. Neither suffrage, higher education nor anything else
T.-Il mar her womanliness. She Is so by nature. Femininity
Is a "clorc corporation" among women.
MRS. JOHN SWIFT.
Century Club.
She Must Not Leave Her Little Ones
to the Tender Mercies of Hire
lings and Servants.
The women of the comirg century will be just what the
mothers of to-day and their own environments shall make them.
True, wonderful avenues of Industry and usefulness and
fame are opening up before them, and where once woman's
ff.ot dared not to tread k!ic may now walk with perfect Im
punity, secure In the knowledge that with the broad-minded
men of Intellect and cultivation and In the light of the coming
UCataiy her sterner brothers will not jostle her aside from the
fields of labor so long held to be distinctively their own. They
may even lend a helping hand now and then, or stand a?ide to
Jrt her pass, recognizing Fuperiority of intellect (it may be), or
that force of character which Impels her to win or lose all.
The women of to-day aie fast winning fame and fortunes
for themselves In the fields of law, medicine, literature, educa
tion and the fine arts, and in the century to come what may
they not accomplish with the aid «.f all the wonderful appli
ances of Fcier.ce and the great institutions of education that
ere springing Into active life on every hand. Of course. I am
dealing with the question from the standpoint of the "work-a
«!ay" people. The po-callc-d ladies of fashionable leisure will
remain the same to-day, to-morrow nnd forever, unless th«
cvcr-lncrcasing woman's clubs, with their methods of. culture
nr.d plejt^int interchange of thought and happy social plea
sures, may allure them from their easy indolence and self
indulgence to exercise, and give to others the benefit of their
God-given talents lying to long dormant in their inmost natures.
H~re let me voice the hope that no young mother with little
€ -j-rs at her fireside may be tempted to leave them to the tender
ircrclcs of hirelings and servants while Ehe makes a record for
herself at the club and becomes the (to many people) "odious
club woman " running after every new fad in that line that
« -rocs along. Remember, young mothers of to-day, that your
,-trtUe ones will prow uj> and away from you before you aro
Continued on Page Eleven.
Will Occupy a Plane on a Level With
Man, but Not the Same
Plane.
What will the woman of the coming century make <mt of
the experience of her sisters of 1S00?
Will ehe have' the good sense to suspend for a tlm* h»r
craze for advancement and adjust herself to the Improvements
that have already come?
Will she realize that she is a very fortunate creature- and
•top making: herself ridiculous by crying: out for her rights
from the housetops when she already has them?
Will she be able to comprehend that, though her brains
weigh as much and are as good, she is not a man?
Will she acknowledge that, though she may occupy a plans
on a level with man. it is not the same plane?
Will she be able to be a great writer, a great musician or
a great artist from a woman's standpoint? Or will she cltns
to that threadbare theory that she must win greatness ty
aping masculinity?
In brief, will the woman of the coming century find herself?
It's all a question which some enlightened sister will hays
to answer in the year 2100.
MRS. EDWARD fi. BELCHER.
Sorosis Club
Has Put Her Foot on the Rung of the
Ladder, Determined to Climb
to the Top.
I have been requested to express an opinion nn the twen
tieth century woman. I consider the woman of the nineteenth
century one of the most brilliant as well as one of the noblest
products of the dying century. From unrecorded time as
well as from the dawn of civilization, every age has brought
forth new developments. The nineteenth century- is noted for
Its discoveries and inventions directed to utilitarian and prac
tical ends, in all of which woman has played an important
part. Her Impress and moral influence are engraved on every
step of the world's progress. The woman of to-day doe 3 with
the approval of the world what would have been condemned
In the time of St. Paul.
In ancient and medieval times there have been women with
all shade.s of opinions. There has come to the surface the polit
ical Deborah, the cruel but courageous Jael. the masculine and
heroic Judith, the self-sacrificing Jephthah's daughter, the ac
complished and Intellectual Cleopatra, the valorous Zenobia.
the wise Hypatias and the brilliant Aspasias, but the present
century runs the same gamut of illustrious women. Ths
masses of to-day have risen, become a power and are recog
nized at their true worth.
Woman no longer sits down and waits for the recog
nition of man. but she rises in the dignity of her true
womanhood and makes for herself a niche in the world,
whether in the temple of fame or in acting well her part
In the humblest condition cf life, and that is what makes
the nineteenth century woman the equal of the nineteenth
century man.
Woman in all ages has been the firm friend and com
forter of man. assuaging his grief and alleviating nil
pain. To-day she is by his side endeavoring to lighten hH
task as a breadwinner as well as being "a ministering
angel." And she Is more than ever anxious to better the
conditions of humanity and ready to go along with the resist
less tide of the electrical nineteenth century— the century that
In gravitating toward the revolutionizing of the world with
Its rapid strides, bringing up new problems without solving th»
old ones. No difference what will occur, woman will keep right
on as she Is now, smiling, alert and active. From the glrMa
the woman, from the woman of limited means to ore of fabu
lous wealth, from the religious to the materialistic woman,
from the woman of the home to the woman of the world!
comes the eager desire to do something besides basking In the
sunshins for her own gratification, like "the lilies of the field
that spin not, neither do they toll." She is no longer th» igno
rant, soulless thing of former times, but she has put her foot
on the rung of the ladder, determined to climb to the top.
Woman, though weak physically, is strong mentally, patient
in suffering and warm tn sympathy. Paradoxical as it may
seem, woman is stronger and braver than
man. The woman of the nineteenth cen
tury Is comparatively more splendid in at
i^ tftlnments, more liberal in thought, taora
active in educational and altruistic pro
'^^^. pensities than the woman of past ages.
"^^ • In fact everything of the present day la en
a broader, higher plane— the natural evo
- . lutlon and progress of things.
«\^^ The intellectuality and goodnes3 of heart
* * ;^» are the gems that glisten on th© brow,
* A Jr an( * are * he crowning glory of the woman
1 * "JT of the nineteenth century, the herltas*
""¦¦>* of the woman of the coming century.
MRS. I. LOWENBERG.
Philomath Club
Advance of Woman Marks
the Advance of the
Age.
The woman of the twentieth century
will be the outgrowth of the formative In
fluences of this nineteenth century.
Of these the most prominent Is ths
higher education now given to women.
Education la of undoubted good to the
race, anil applied specifically to women It
has a direct effect through the medium of
the family.
Its influence Is to dispel ignorance and
superstition and thus bring better condi
tions into the family life; to develop the
power of Judgment and to offer it as a
balance to the old criterion of feeling or emotion, which, how
ever. It does not destroy.
Therefore. I have no sympathy with those who fear wo
men will lose their essential characteristics as women and
their love for domestic life. If there is any such tendency now.
It is but a phase of a transitional stage and must disappear
before a still higher development.
The advance of woman is simply a mark of the advar.es
of the age. Compare the liberal education thought necessary
for women in the early part of the last century with that of
to-day. A valued book of those times prescribes for her "Read-
Ing with propriety and life; readiness at her necd!e. a free
command of lter pen and complete knowledge of numbers as
far as the rule called practice."
The conditions of the next century may require of woman
as great an advance from the conditions of to-day as she haa
made from her status in the last century.
Club life, college settlements and organized charities are
Indications of her capacity for organization; teach her to sub
ordinate the Individual for the sake of the general good and.
develop heY knowledge of human nature. This phase of her
growth In the present century's expression of the tdea of
Wise Words From Leading San Francisco Club Women on the Twentieth Century Girl
THE SUNDAY CALL
Aware of it. and If the way seems hard at times and It Is a
privation for you to sit quietly at home ww.«
iome less fortunate sister Is making: a record for herself la
publJo life tfcat they "serve also who only stand and waK.
* and the time will
come quickly enough
*nd you will be the
better fitted for it (if
you keep yourself in
/££**¦'" "4*4^ touch with the spirit
J*. **' ¦ jJeSoA -~ ot tne tirae anfi dc>
fW^SCJ^-^'U nnt become rusty).
Vjr^&£*<Y&yJ**7 when the little oren
Jl J^^^^—lTf^ g have gone out into
V"? X V/ /-. >v the comln 8T century
tT^ ,- VT^ 1 "' '»\ an^ >' ou will find the
r ' • *'-^V J*"Z<7 vacant places at your
/^\. *• firesides filled
ft* " \ only with
V~ "-A^-Iv "' '', "•'¦'T*V loving re-
IT" " ; '* ¦•/ )k •*- n. membrar.ces
I . \ hS&\. Xt^^^aps ot tn «> happy
/ r N ~^-<^ past, and
//% J>*^'^>^^^V-. V — time will not
M^'^y^^^ / *^^ s^^ drap so heav
v^**^ : *¦'¦'¦¦ kr 6ide interest
VjJ^^^ can come in to broaden,
; an<l enr 'ch your later
f Vy^^^^s years, for which yoj
*&/y^w have been layinic up treasures of
information culled In the busier.
' ff^y lt not happier, years when the
education of your children brushed and
J^ brightened up the dormant interests of
your school girl days. The bright, inde
j^ pendent, self-reliant young woman now
Sr known a3 the "bachelor maid" will add
f her Quota also of broad, original fancier
to incite her sisters to bestir themselves
to keep pace with her rapid strides towaM
that freedom of thought, usefulness and
action that all right-minded, right-thlnii
ing women consider their own by right
of birth.
Let us hope that the woman of the com
mg eenttiry will lose none of her womanly sweetness or refin
ing graces in this transition period that seems to await her.
but shall shine pre-eminent as an example of the brightest
and best of womankind, growing stronger, wiser, lovelier in
character, as the years of the century roll on. until all the
waiting world shall yield her the place that shall be hers by
right of herltaga and secured to herself by dint of persever
ance in true living.
MRS. FRANK DALTON.
Corona Club.
8np\jtf the floor. The very cheapest .apart
ment to be got was an Bx9 cell, and the
price of that was $10 per month.
giving the verdict then and there. There
were no lawyers to plead and there was
no . appeal.
The "grandea famillas" of Castilian
origin who occupied the valley of Santa
Clara had adequate if original ways of do
ing things. If two men had a dispute In
relation to anything and could not agree,
they went before the Judge and each man
told his story. The Judge did the ques
tioning and then formed' his conclusion,
Another example of peculiar adminis
tration of laws Is the case of a woman
who slandered another. The culprit was
called before the Judge and sentenced to
be publicly reprimanded for being a scan
dal-monger.
The first Americans to discover this lit
tle Arcadia were the officers of tbe tra4-
the toreador, permission to hare a ball
fight. The horse races were run In the
streets or In an open field, and gambling
was indulged in everywhere. The decorum
was good at the fimdangos at first, and
everybody went. It was not till much
later, when the rough element got the
upper hand, that fandangos were hilari
ous beyond the bounds of propriety.
The legislators were paid in State war
rants, which could not be cashed until
after the first taxes were collected. But
there was not enough money to cash all
of them, and more than half were never
redeemed. There was a great deal of
favoritism shown, some getting only a
very small fraction of the face value. The
currency was principally "slugs"—fifty
dollar gold pieces. Dimes and nickels
were unknown.
Living was a luxury not to be In
dulged by everybody that rainy winter.
A good many temporarily existed. The
shining lights all- stopped at the Mansion
House; the lesser lights stayed in divers
and sundry places. There were some im
promptu lodging housea, with tiers of
bunks along the walls and layers of beds
Ing vessels, which used to come to A!vfao
bringing beautiful articles of wearing ap
parel to exchange for hides and. tallow.
These traders were all courteous gentle
men and the Callfornians accepted them
as types of their countrymen. It was
because of this friendship for "Lo« Ameri
canos" whom they did know and like so
sincerely that the native Callfornian re
ceived the gold hunters with open arms.
It was plainly the desire of the first
Legislature to make laws which would
protect the original owners of the land.
They began by abolishing all laws then In
force in the State, and that that did not
succeed in starting a perfect govern
mental machine in a few short weeks and
establishing order out of hopeless chaos
with an empty treasury Is not to be won
dered at. The wonder is that they suc
ceeded even so well.
The first Senate and Assembly did not
pass a single special law for the benefit
of an individual or class, and no measure
was carried by corrupt or sinister Influ
ences.
A number of them slept in the capacious
garret ot "Uaole" Isaao Brscham's rrsl-
dence, and upon going to bed they used
to amuse themselves by putting out the
candles with pistol shots. At the fan
dangos the men kept their hats on and
treated their partners after each dance.
Eefore the arrival of the unsocialistlo
Gringos, when the Mexican caballero
wanted to take a pasear he caught one of
the horses from the herds which grazed
on the commons, saddled him and rode as
much as he liked with never a thought as
to the ownership of the caballo. And
these native cavaliers could never be>
brought to understand that such a pro
ceeding was the heinous crime of horse
stealing.
Ever so many Mexicans were hanged at
Ban Jose for horse stealing, and the Call
fornlans made a solemn vow, after the
fashion of the Sicilian vendetta, that for
every Californian thus murdered they
would have the lives of three Americans,
and they usually kept the vow.
The favorite manner of vengeance was
to throw a lasso over the head of the vic
tim, ride away over the plain and drag
him to death.
John W. Redmon. Judge at the time,
sbout whom there was a tradition that
there had been a time when he was sober,
was one day passing sentence upon a
horse thief. "On Friday, the 10th. at X
o'clock, you shall be hanged by the neck
till you are dead. dead, dead." Then turn-
Ing to the prisoner he said. "Sabe that.
Dlos te condenar?"
This Interesting old eccentric's fatrortt«
expression while on the bench was: "Tn«
court rules so and so. I don't know what
my right and left bowers think."
Every house was an inn during the
meeting of the first Legislature, where all
comers were welcomed and feasted.
"Grandma Bascom's" story of the way
she "entertained thirteen boarders that
winter gives a fair Idea of the chaotic con
dition of things.
It was Impossible for her to secure the
services of a cook, and most of the num
ber imposed themselves upon her hospital
ity with promises to : help In all sorts of
ways. Dignified Senators carried water
from the well and helped to cook and
wash dishes. She said they appeared as
much like gentlemen when they were
cooking In her kitchen as when they were
making speeches in the Legislature.
One of them made such capital batter
cakes that the Bascom home soon became
known as "Slapjack Hall.V
Not an evening passed without a larga
party as some home., but the big ball
which was given at the close of the ses
sion was the social event of that decade.
It was on Washington's birth' Jay, sad
many belles and beaux of that tlma still
oossess the white satin invitations.
. XUI&X EDITH GRX3WQ2AX
building worth three hundred thousand
dollars and to donate to the State all the
necessary land besides, a bill was passed
to move the capital to Benicla in order to
accept this offer. But adverse circum
stances Interfered and the general was
unable to put a foundation under his cas
tle in the air. The legislators were so
disgusted with the large barnlike building
which he did construct that they voted to
move to the town of Vallejo. Here they
stayed during the whole of the second
session and before they adjourned they
resolved to go to Sacramento. And thus
ended the career of "California's capital
on wheels."
An amusing story which illustrates the
fact that straws rule most lives is told
of the inaugural ball. All the prominent
Californian families were Invited. The
duns put the bits of notepaper disdainfully
aside and had not the slightest Intention
of accepting, but the young ladles were
consumed with the desire to dance with
the young Americans, and they begged so
persistently that their mammas finally
consented to chaperone them. That made
It absolutely necessary for the papas to
go. as wives in Mexico never go anywhere
unattended. Naturally the sweethearts of
the girls wls..ed to go, and so It ended in
the native four hundred attending en
masse. Of course the courtesy muet be
returned, and thus it naturally came
about that distinctions of race were never
made in California society.
The Spanish senoritas were very grace*
ful dancers ar.d they soon learned the
American dances then in vogue. The
American gentlemen always sent car
riagf? to fetch them to the dances.
Governor Burnett's daughters and
Jairif" Reed's daughters, although mere
children, were the belles of the social
functions of that historic winter.
"We just had to go. In those days
womm were qut-pns and children angels,"
paid Governor Burnett's oldest daughter,
Mrs. C. T. Ryland. In reminiecenslng nf
thos<» old days. "But we had better so
clety then in San Jose than is found in
Sacramento to-day during a session of
the Legislature. The first men who came
here were strong, vigorous and young,
and the atmosphere was healthy."
But In the annals of the initial Legisla
ture of California few social functions are
recorded. Amusement then was suffi
cient— gambling, horse-racing, bull fights
and fandangoes. But those were the dear
dead days before the advent of pro
fessionalism. Of excitement there was
no lack.
"Beis Toroi a Mnerto. BelsT' did not
decorate the bf . pen In the plaza so
often as to satiate by Its frequency. Jo
vian Belden was Alcalde, and only occa
sionally would he grant to Antone Pico,
when ou^
Lawmakers
in the
at
S^n J«S-
£~| "yTTE Legislature of a thousand
i ir.:.k« was the epithet given to the
1 f.rr~. session of the Legislature In
1 California, which was convened at
San Jose on the 15th of December.
!n '4?. A demijohn ef whisky was
found In every committee room, and some
wag or.cc hoisted one up to the top of
the flagpole on the State House, as sym
::-<=: of the gathering of lawmakers.
Perhaps a more unique body of mm
were never assembled before or since.
Some cf the wisest barristers of th<-Sr
day were members as well as raw fellows
frenj the rnlr.'s. The latter were always
making ludicrous errors that furnished
the needed relaxation from the grind of
Prominent among the leaders was Sen
ator David C. Frederick, who. as every
body knows. m« klled in a duel by Judge
Terry. John Bieier. who was afterward
elected Governor, was Speaker of the As-
George B. Tlngley was also a power at
the head of the committees on which he
eerved. E. Chamberlain was president
r'. the Senate, and Willam Van Voorhies
was Secretary of State. Mr. Winchester
was State Printer and also published a
paper called the Tribune. The press he
used came around the Horn.
John McDoagall was Lieutenant Gov
ernor, so when Governor Burnett resigned
tie became Governor. He was celebrated
as "I. John McDougall." from the num
ber cf proclamations he issued beginning
¦with those words. aft*r the fashion of the
•¦pronunciamer.trs" of the Mexican mag
letratea. his predecessors.
Tee wr&r.g!!r?gs In debate were spirited,
bat" sever outrareous as now. when mm
sometimes r call farh other liars with im
pHinlty. Those were the days before the
eld Idea of honor had be*>n swept away,
and when mm often answered with their
lives for such epithets. But no blood
was spilled at Fan Jose over California's
first- laws.
One duel was averted by the wit of the
Challenged party. Anthony Frederic Hall
sod James R. Lowe had an ug!y quarrel
fTI fror.t cf the Mansion House, the leading
hostelry in those days, and it ended in
I?a::"s challenging Lowe to fight a duel.
Lowe fired a day ar.d chose swords for
weapons. Then he w<-nt to a carpenter
- had a wooden sword ten feet long
made. On the day appointed, for the com-
Vat a crowd collected to see the fight, and
at the last morr.T.t Lowe came bounding
into the open, dressed In a fantastic cos
tume and brandishing his long wooden
Eword." He looked si comical that every
ody laugbed. and Hall ignomlniously ran
away.
en It wss decided to make San Jose
capital there 'was but one building In
n "ar?e enough to accommodate the
-'..-.ture. and the owners wanted {2009
a month r?nt for it. There was no money
'.:. the Ftate treasury to dffray this ex
; (.r.'-f. ar^a so some of the enterprising cit
izens of ih* Pueblo de San Jose came for
rard and offered to purchase the building
upon ccr_Ei<3fcrEtion that the city would
r.edg* the pueblo lands to them in lieu
of payment. This offer was accepted, and
fcrty cos each ssv» (1300. so the building,
which has always been called the first
State House, thus became the property of
the city cf Far. Jose.
The pueblo lards were e!«»v-ri l*agu*»s
north and south, and extended from the
rr.'u::tain tops en the east to the moun
tain tops on the wett. When the capital
was moved from Pan Jos<\ and the men
who paid for the State House could not
recover the mon«y they had virtually
loaned the city, they began to claim pjs
•c-ff'.on of the pueblo lar.'s. Finally some
body objected; and a decision was 'handed
down In court that the lar.'c must be r*
turr.<"l to the city ajra.'n. The case was
re\-«r a.rr'<"3l<?d. but for this act the "con
spirators" -were forevrr after branded
••th«» forty thieves." Many r,f th<-se taca
afterward distinguished themselves \n
various lines.
In '43 the majority of the people in Cail
fornla were of Spanish origin and could
rot speak English, so one of the first du
tles of the Legislature was to pass an act
creating the office cf State translator.
Joseph H. Scuil was elected to the por
tion, with a salary of SS&OO a year. He
translated Into Spanish the acts passed by
the Legislature for the information of the
native Calif orr.ians. All legal document*.
euch as wills, dfc;if, grants of land by
Governors, etc., were in Spanish, and
these beltracs!ated '.nto English for the
benefit of the legislator*. Mr. Scull is still
living In a cottage built in '49. The house
was purchased in San Francisco and
¦ hipped in Rc-rtions to Alvlso by beat.
"V\r- Dc\»r put a nail into It since that
time, or used a brush of paint on It," he
fondly boarts.
Arac.r.g the Senators were three Brand**
¦©nores who required the servtpes of the
translator— General N. G. Vallejo. Don
M. Covarrubiae and Don Pablo de la
Guerra of Los Angeles. To General
Vallejo waf assigned the task of naming
the twenty-seven counties into which
California was originally divided, and to
report upon the derivation and definition
of the names. His report is full of anec
dote* and personal incidents which have
not lost their interest after a laps* of
fifty years. The oid general was a man
c* many parts— jovial, kind and one of the
Jew. native Caiifomians who had
any Influence In the making of American
California. He acquired hie title and rank
of general in the Mexican war.
t i. an General Vullejo. In conjunction
Ith il, <• weather, T.'ho moved the capital
from San Jose. Rain, mud and madness
prevailed during that first session, and the
l<tfflsLatnr« all complained of the poor ac
commodations of every sort which they
received, fo when General Vallejo prom
'•*<- ¦ to build suitable hotels and a capital
THE SUNDAY.. .CALL.
THE LEGISLATURE OF A THOUSAND DRINKS
9wouldn't a6k me what was wrong, Annie,
dear, he said, his eyes aglow with solemn
tire,; so I'll swear. ¦
He kissed the book, then his arms went
round his sweetheart, and he .kissed her
with the same earnest reverence. . Her
head sank on his shoulder, she cried soft
ly, and told aIL • ...,.,_.
"And. the end of all this here Is," was
his summary at the close, "that I'll never
give 'cc up. If you'll be true to me, Annie,
1 11 bide for 'cc a hundred years. But I
shan't -have, to bide," he added. "Mother
shall have wold clock back again, as sure
as my name's Joe Woodnutt. And you
and me '!".."-•- .
(AU rights reserved.)
I.
Tbrtm bells had Just droned a scant con-
gregaxion Into church; quiet settled back
en the sunny village road, where stone
cottages muffled in hollyhoc*ks and roses
<*rawsod In Sunday peace. Cats mused
'blissfully oa garden walls; dogs blinked
on Cooc-steps, muzzled on outstretched
. paws; robins withheld their song till Bun
i set: «wn swallows deferred their airy
dance till cooler air should stir the golden
lime-Jeaves in the avenue between the
. church end Ncicombe place, so warm and
• *till was the September day. Presently
the stiilncfs was broken by the glow step
of a young laborer, with dark, lustrous
couth country eyes, curly hair and a rud
dy, harvest tanned face. A snowy smock
' tucked into dark blue trousers, black tail
or tia and Foft felt hat formed his cos
tume, sot off by a carnation in his hat.
Expectancy without agitation was on
his face; he stopped Rnd looked behind
him now and then, but his expectancy
¦was chiefly in tho forward direction.
"Nothing larger than a hedge sparrow
sUrred the thick dust of the village street
through which he strolled to the last cot
tage, which was shadowed by the trees of
Nutcombe place, whence the high road
climbed deeply vnd< r thick umbrage, cool
and dim with mystery of broken lights
and shadowy distance. Into the solemn
i .-: :;. of this tree-roofed aisle he gazed
lorig. then returned to the church, where,
leaning on the mossed stone wall, he wait
ed until tho fmomon of the fcun-dlal threw
a. longer shadow, the drowsy sermon *lrew
to a rtlimsjr end, and the congregation fil
tered out into the sunlight to a slow or
pan-boom, and melted slowly away. Dls
apr-ointrarnt again, tempered by the sight
of a middle-aged woman in decent black,
her xrrayer-book wrapped In a handker
chief, with a sprig of lad's love upon it.
with -srftom ho turned to walk.
"You haven't seen our Annie, hey 'e<*.
Joseph?" sho asked. "I thought Bhe'd be
stepping- along to-day."
"I should a Eten her If she'd a ben In
chunrh." he replied, but said r.o more till
they reacted the other end of the village,
ar.d. with a glar.ee into the sylvan shad
ows, turned across a green, embowered in
lindens and then Dp a lane to Mrs. Burt's
solitary cottage, and through her garden
between lavender and gooseberry bushes.
"Lonesome for 'cc," he said, when she
unlocked the cuttage door and they
stepped into the cool gloom.
"Lonesome a nights, winter time," she
repliod. laying aside bonnet and shawl and
unhooking a kettle from the cottrell over
the liearth. This Joseph took, and tilled
et a draw-well In the garden while she
laid tjtrufchwood on the embers and blew
them v*>.
•*Lon»-sorne It !s," she repeated when he
came back, "liut anybody do like them
selves to themselvn*. There's the cat and
xh» clock for company. I don't know
but the clock ls nigh as good company
es L!za and her kittens, tick-tacken, tick
tacken. night and noon. Liza she'll bide
outdoors DOW and again, but wold clock
el ways bides indoors 'ions with me."
Eliza elongated her graceful tortoise-shell
body and stretched out a white paw in
acknowledgment of this compliment, cas
ually culling a mutinous kitten before she
turned again to her rest on the only cush
ioned chair, and the clock ticked away
•with an elfish semblance of humanity on
its face.
"He's a middling timekeeper. I reckon."
Joseph returned, <-omparing his great sil
ver watch with the polished metal dial
of :he clock, which had often seemed to
smile welcome or frown reproof upon him
when his child legs carried him up to the
cottage on errands from his mother.
"If the chaps in Nutcombe was half
es stiddy at) he. Joseph, I reckon 'twould
be a happier placo for women folk. Ay
he's a rare good 'un; oak wood outside
end braFs rII about en. 'c do set the place
off, don't he? My poor master set store
on en. Jim and the rest are miserable
flad to pee wold clock when they come.
T i do look that friendly at Vm, they
e'Juw. He's willed ta Jim, being the old
est."
"Ay." returned Joseph, who had caught
the eound of a tired footstep some sec
onds before the click of the wicket, made
Mrs. liurt hurry out, her face lighting up
-with pleasure, to receive the belated
g-uest with «uoh a kiss as m;!de Joseph,
xnodestly standing aside, blush and sign'
"Do 'cc set down and rest." he heard
In the widow's voice, as a young wo
man's face, pink with heat, and her oome
ly. country-set figure appeared with a
basket that she set on the polished wal
nut table. "You be tired. Annie. What
ever znade 'c* so late?"
"Entirely twickered out." sighed the
irirl with a spiritless air. "Why" the
red rushed over her face, her blue eyes
lighted, a vital energy changing her wea
ried posture, "why. she laughed gayly
"I didn't know there was company."
"1 just come in," faltered Joseph fu
riously blushing. "Must go on home
tow."
"You Just t=tt down, Joseph Woodnutt
and hey a cup of tea." said his hostess
flushing him to a wooden chair, and tak
ng Aijsle's hat from her thick yellow
plaits, while Liza, slowly conquering her
pelf-indulgence, rose, yawned comforta
bly, stretched her soft, bright body into
eerpentine length and paced majestically
to the newcomer, on whose lap she gra
clouily accommodated her furry limbs
-with a happy croon and patronizing wink'
her actions copied by a small semblance
of herself. "Ah, Liza, you be glad to see
our Annie, I allow. Crafty little vaggot*
she knows there's cream In that there
basket. "
"Mistress went out and cut the cucum
ber herself," Annie paid, unpacking the
basket. "And I was to thank 'cc kindly
lor the honeycomb. And would 'cc epare
her a root of the new dahlias? if f ee
-want to know what made me late,
¦mother," she added acidly. " 'twas owing
to a friend promised to meet me top of
hill by the pond meadow; and there I
*=et. waiten and walten, till 1 felt that
silly"
"Oh, go on with 'cc. Annie!" cried Jo
seph; "you said I was to bide down bot
tom of shute for *cc"- —
"I never said It ard you never done !t."
•-he retorted sharply, and half crying.
"Catch me waiten for anybody again.
There's plenty ready to walk out and do
*»-» they promise without making a fool
of anybody."
"Well, there!" the unfortunate swain
Jamented. "Did ever anybody know any
•lLinff onralsonabler than a young maid?
There I ben Jackassen aboul dre« good
tours end more." .
" • Jackassen/ Indeed: that's all some
ere fit for! There, mother, there's no call
tor 'cc to look like that. Give en some
tea, do. and tell en to look smarter if he
irar.ts anybody to walk with en.'
"Come, coins, you b« tired out, Annie,
the blank on the wall, recalllm? Jim's de
linquency, family pride abased, Annie's
savings gone and prospects marred, and
the hard struggle to get the money. A
few days since she had been proud or
Jim; now she had scarce heart to be glad
of his averted disgrace.
She was accustomed to go out to work
where extra hands were needed; sh» too*
home sewing and made and sold mead,
ketchup and such things, thus taking ths
€-dge from solitude and making tho quiet
•if her hearth welcome. But now In th»
shuttered cottage by night with winter
storm tilling the woods with eldritch
shrieks and weird walllngs, and rain
drawing a chill curtain over all. tho se
questered cottage was more solitary than
solitude; a vast stretch of irapenetrab!»
ni=;ht spread between her and humanity.
The very slowness of the steady tick-tack
had been comforting and companionable,
from marking time's lapse, it became an
assurance of eternity. Without haste,
without rest, day sir.d nicjht. summer and
winter, in fair weather and foul, the>
clock's tick was pregnant with memories
of her whole life, its labor and rest, Joy
and sorrow.
Neighbors' children had scarcely left off
running in to ask what of the clock to
set their mothers' timepieces by when
Mrs. Hurt gave up. seeming to caro for
nothing, yet complaining of no pain. Jim.
penitent and conscience-struck, drove
over with his wife, but the couple could
•scarcely get a word from her save that
she was lonesome and worn out. He
brought her a cheap timepiece, with a
quick, loud tick that fretted her nerves
and never kept time. Toward New Year.
Annie found her mother in bed. the
doctor was fetched, and neighbors coming
in to help told one another Ellen Burt
would scarce see the snowdrops. So Jo
seph Woodnutt thought on New Year's
eve, when he looked in at dusk and found
Annie crying. When ho came out h»
strode straight across the road under the
leafless trees of Nutcombe place In the
roaring wind, and boldly demanded audi
ence of her ladyship, to the indignation of
the man who answered his ring at the
principal entrance. Firelight blazed
through the hall windows and upon armor
and boar-spears and full-length por
traits; silvery laughter rang out: he
could see the young mother and children
playing at ball under the hollies and mis
tletoes.
"Who is this must see her ladyship?"
the tall young countess asked, stepping
toward the door. "Woodnutt? And what
is her ladyship to do now, pray? A
woman's sake, a?ain?"
He stepped into the full blaze and
stood before the stately young beauty,
now seated in a carved oaken chair, her
children grouped around her. "Yes, your
ladyship," he replied, "and the ooman's
dying now."
"If you please." ho continued, when her
rejoinder had assured him of sympathy,
"you bought Mrs. Burt's clock: I want to
buy en back again. That's all."
"Oh!" Sympathy left her face. "But
I have no clocks to sell."
"Begging your pardon," he returned,
"your ladyship have got a clock been In
Mrs. Burt'a family over a hundred year.
Mrs. Hurt's a-dying for want of that
clock. And 1 can give 'cc twenty pound
down, and the other fifteen In a fort
night."
"Lord Sharland has spoken well of you.
Woodnutt. You presume upon his good
opinion. Mrs. Burt sold me a clock some
time since for a high price. She was eager
to sell it. It ls a good clock. I have no
intention of parting with it." She ros*
with cold displeasure. "Come. Gwenny."
she said, reaching a hand to her daughter
"But she'll die." cried Joseph.- following
her; "Mrs. Burt'll die. your ladyship."
She turned and paused. "Poor woman*
I am sorry. What can I do for her?"
"Sell me that there clock. If she could
hear en tick-tacken again same as all her
life, she mcd perk up again. She can't
bide without en. She's entirely nlned
away for en." -
"Absurd! Why then did she sell her
clock? I cannot give people clocks be
cause somebody happens to be dying "
"Do 'cc bide and hearken, ma'am— your
ladyship," he Implored, barring her way
and turning the blaze of his earnest eyes
upon her. so that she stepped back a few
paces and leaned against the tall chimney
piece. "Mrs. Burt's Annie's mother."
* * An! , Who ls Annie— what has Annie
to do with the stars, pray?"
"Annie gave me her promise, your lady
ship." he replied with gravity: "then cama
family trouble I swore on the Bible not
to tell. Annie and her mother they raised
money wanted between 'em. But my girl
ls too proud to come to me empty handed,
and she seen her mother pined for th 4
clock and she said she'd work her fingers
to the bone .but she'd buy en back. So
I thinks to myself, I'll work that clock
back, and I'll work Annies saving 3 back.
So I up and I go to you. a young ooman
with a husband and children and a tender
heart—"
"And said it was for a woman's sake."
she interposed, her eyes suffused with
sympathy. "I was not aware that I was
plotting against my poor clock that day—
everybody seems to want my darling
clock. The clock Is yours, Woodnutt.
And my best wishes are yours. I must se»
your Annie; she shall have a weddlne
present; I must give her a wedding: gown
She is to be congratulated. She will have
a manly true-hearted husband."
By this time Joseph was one solid blush*
his head went round, his mouth opened'
he found himself standing alone, listen
ing bewildered to the departing steps of
mother and children. Rells pealed mer
rily from the tower upon the roaring wind
as he hastened back to the cottage to tell
Annie that the clock was redeemed and
everybody was to be happy ever after
They were striving to convey these tidlmra
to Mrs. Burt an hour later, when th«
sound of voices and footsteps below called
attention to men wheeling a truck, upon
which something lay on a mattress cov
ered with a cloth.
"Mother," *aid Joseph, "Wold clock's
come back. He's comen up gairden. Tako
and drink this here soup Money"*
Moneys all r»ght He's- buyed back."
I ; a \f l i. s 1 Mr -?' Burt sat v-> in bet *. only
half believing the news, when the familiar
warning whirr was heard and eight slow
strokes rang out. Tears rushed to her
eyes, every tick-tack that followed seemed
to bring her desolate spirit ba.-k from
some far and friendless waste to the nearn
and security of home, and bid her forget
the pain and humiliation of late rava*in*
her heart. ° •
"A Happy New Year to "cc." said Jos
eph, vanishing downstairs, to find Liza
round-eyed with astonishment, snifflne
at the clock, which looked as if it h-»7»
he"arth WUhdraWn ltS J ° Vial Sa2 ° trom "*•
ou' The ,c, cm P lo yers* convenience." Lor*
Sharland complained that eveninsr •••«
known to be a negllgeable quantity Still
its K ard w to lose a BOod helper just ia
one has broken him in." J l a3
*.Ii F £ r a JJ w °nian's sake?" asked th«
bright-eyed young wife. "But my rn»2
finds the stars so 'mia'able interesTin^?;
won't give them up. I shal returif'An
pie s savings myself with some Krarer,,i?J
Innocent fib. I think, dearest, you mv«
give him permanent employment AUn 1
cottage with a bit of ground attachei?-
"do on with 'cc. do," was the tart re
joinder, accompanied by a hearty cuff that
made him laugh ana stagger. "There's
I o'clock, and Missus calling, and you jrol
lupping and making a chearm." With tn>»,
¦he turned and skimmed over the grass
and away under the boughs, and Joseph,
laughing: - softly, turned and trudged:
home, whistling thoughtfully und becom
ing' graver and graver as he went.
A few days later, when tho slant au
tumn sunlight was pouring through yel
lowing limes and copper-touched beeches,
a tall young lady In a straw bat and linen
blouse was descending .the wooded slopes
Of Nutcombe place, singing and leading a
sunny-haired child. More slowly a don
key, led by a boy-servant, arid bearing
panniers containing younger children, fol
lowed, picking its steps daintily, surely,
on the steep descent. Down between sun
gilded tree-boles mother and child danced,
singing, till they reached a mossy level
beneath some crimsoned cherry trees, and
sank upon a rustic seat, whence a view of
Nutcombe place, surrounded by its gar
dens and backed by its ancient trees, was
visible.
."Muvver, a story, please." the little
maiden was beginning, when a long shad
ow fell across their feet, and a sturdy,
dark-eyed laborer stood before them.
"Beg your ladyship's pardon," he said.
•(¦ she looked up in surprise not unmixed
with displeasure. "I make bold to ask 'cc
a favor."
"So it appears. You are not one of our
people."
"No, your la'shlp. But I be Nutcombe
born, son of Ezekiel Woodnutt. carpenter,
that'llves down at the cross-roads by the
stream."
"Ah! Woodnutt, the carpenter, in the
tiled cottage with the vine. Where the
beehives are. Gwenny," she added to the
child, who nodded assent.
"Mr. Barton," continued Joseph with
nervous energy, "was telling of me about
his lordship's place where he looks at the
stars. He was saying, your ladyship, hla
lordship wanted a man a nights, to bide
up long with him and help. So I made bold
to ask 'cc to ask his lordship to give me
the Job."
"Really? But why did you not apply to
the steward or to Lord Sharland him
self?"
"I asked Mr. Williams, ma'am— your
ladyship — and I'm agoing to ask his lord
ship. Mr. Williams says I ain't man
enough for the Job. Vurry likely his lord
ship won't hae me neither." -,
"But why ask me?"
"Youi- ladyship," he replied, nervously
rumpling his hair, "is a ooman."
"Without doubt. What of that?"
"A ooman, please your ladyship, is ten
derer hearted than a man, and this here
Is for a ooman's sake."
She looked up into the crimsoning face
and glowing eyes, then down upon l.er
little daughter, and smiled. "But," she
said presently, "what do you know about
the stars?"
"I don't know as I knows much, he
replied after some consideration, "but. if
you please, your ladyship, I do wonder a
deal/
"Can you tell me why the days draw
In at this time of year?"
"Well. I allow it's along of the sun go-
Ing south. In a manner of saying-, "tia the
yearth tipped up south end again the
sun."
"And so you wish to sit up shiverins?
and turning a telescope through the frosty
winter nights for a woman's sake? And
I being a woman, am to try to get the
situation for you in virtue of my tender
heart, eh? Very well. Good afternoon."
"But, my dear child," Lord Shariand
replied when the subject was laid before
him that evening. "I want an intelligent
man who can observe and recurd. as well
as fetch and carry, and knock in naiis.
Woodnutt has good work and a share in
his father's business. They rent a few
fields, keep cows, and do all themselves*.
And no man can work both night and
day."
"Not for a woman's sake?" as"ked the
young countess, smiling up in his face.
"Romance! Sentiment! Humbug! What
I want is an intelligent artisan of some
education. The sort of fellow who makes
a good sapper."
"Try my man," she returned, clasping
her hands on his shoulder, and laying her
cheek on his arm; "my rustic artisan,
who thinks astronomy 'miserably inter
esting.' who has 'gone into fractions' on
winter evenings, and is always wondering
about the stars."
"What is to be done with a woman who
gives five and thirty pounds for a shabby
old clock that won't go. and wants one
to spoil one's astronomical observations
for the winter, and perhaps ruin the new
telescope, for the sake of an ignorant
yokel whose native stupidity Is trebled
by his being in love?"
"Try him. dearest. As for his being in
love the woman may be his grandmother.
The clock tells the changes of the moon
and keeps excellent time if wound up.
How kind you are, darling! When do I
ask anything in vain?"
The next Sunday Joseph Woodnutt slept
co soundly during afternoon sermon that
It took several people to rouse him. Wlien
at last he stumbled out Into the church
yard, where Annie and her mother had
stopped to speak to neighbors, his eyes
were glazed and heavy and his words ac
companied by what Mrs. Burt styled "tho
gapes." She began to consider the nat
ural depravity of the human male and his
Inevitable gravitation to public houses
and beer jugs. Even steady Joe Woodrutt
was male, and constantly malign. "What
hey 'cc been at. Joe— where was 'cc last
night?" she asked with a sharpness she
knew to be indiscreet.
"I ben helping folks measuren of stars
all night." was the too ready reply, most
grievous to Mrs. Burt. who supposed It to
be clang for a night of dissipation.
"Young men will be young men," she
observed, sadly, "and must hae their
fling. Beware of the devil's dancen hours
and spenden good money in bad company,
Joe Woodnutt. avore it's too late."
"His lordship is not. so to say. bad
company, though he do bide up anights,
Mrs. Burt,' was the grave reply. " 'is
mls'able pleasant; I allow, and brings In
good money."
The young couple wished Mrs. Burt
good-by at the turn to her cottage and
she trudged up the bank alone. The aft
ernoon was cloudy and chill; gusts shriek
ed through, the waning woods with men
ace of rain. The sadness of life fell heav
ily upon the widow as she entered her
lonely cottage. The hearth was cold:
Liza absent on business: the kitten leaped
to her with a feeble mew; straight before
her, striking the eye with an ever new
shock, was the place whence the clock
had looked and ticked its quiet welcome.
How heavy the silence was, how harsh
the angry wind howl in the trees!
She sat idle and dejected, her face turn
ed from the vacant wall space, missing
the sound that was' the household voice,
calling the hours of rest and duty. mark-
Ing events and bringing facts and faces
to mind. Without the clock all stagnated,
even time Itself; something that echoed
the slow tick-tacks in her bosom had
stopped, too. When night fell she roused
herself to light her fire, cheered a moment
by its ruddy warmth. But thd kettle's
song. Liza's croon, the scent of tea. all
failed to soothe. As the solitary woman
turned to her table, the firelight showed
THE SUNDAY CALL;
at the iane °* aaptrai mdormgnt on th«
orchard grass, then at Annie again, and
a throb of deep passion shook his heart,
and. mingled with it, absolute trust In the
rectitude and good sense of the comely
yeuox woman who loved fr'"-. "You
carren the girt basket," her mother re
turned. "Whatever do 'cc think? Her
la-ship was after wold clock agen, yester
day. She'll give thirty pound for en now
without his innards."
"Don't "cc take it, mother. He keeps
time." with a withering glance at Joseph.
"Why, you'd be entirely lost without en.
And 'twoudn't be the same place to us.
He do look that homely, when we step In.
Her ladyship has clocks all over the place,
all over gold cunids and birds."
"There's clocks and clocks," observed
Joseph, taking heart of grace. "This
here's a fancy clock. Mayn't I ace 'cc
home by and by, Annie'/" rising to go.
"There's fools and fools," she replied,
apparently addressing Liza, "but there
ain't 6uch a fancy fool in this house as
ud wait after eight to be Been home
along."
"Annie," her mother paid when he was
gone, "Joseph Woodnutt is stlddy and
good-hearted. He's put money by. His
lather has the carpentering business and
his yield and cows and pigs and all. Jos
eph can turn his hand to most anything.
I'd liKe to see 'cc go to church long with
he. Don't 'cc set en down too much. A
was put off, a set entirely mumchanced
to-night."
- "Why hadn't he come then, great nog
head, " sne retorted. But she was careful
to watch the clock and leave the cottage
when eight strokes quivered on the quiet
air, and her mother, watching her disap
pear through the wicket, was not surpris
ed to see the gleam of a white smock
through the starlit gloom and to hear the
sound of a man's step In time with An
nie's.
But what had Annie meant by her anx
ious questions touching Jim? "You
haven't seen Jim? You haven't heard
anything? They are all right at Jim's?'
Of course they were. Clever, steady Jim,
risen to be foreman at the poultry and
egg-shop in the town and likely to be
pariner. Jim was the family success;
they all took rank from him. Mrs. Burt's
heart swelled when, on holidays, the poul
terer's light cart drove through the vil
lage, and Jim and his smart wife and
children jumped down and turned up the
path to her cottage. She liked to talk of
"my son James, him that's foreman at
Stevenson's." Her husband had been but
a farm laborer; his children were like to
be wealthy tradespeople, she mused,
turning back to her lonely cottage, where
Liza slumbered and the clock ticked: and
she opened her Bible with a grateful
She had not read far before she heard
footsteps— and the wicket click and saw
a moving shadow on the lane of light in
the garden. A quick tap on the door made
her heart jump. Who could be coming
bo late? Going to the door she found a
stranger, a town youth, who. asking if
this were Mr*. Burfs. dropped a letter in
to her hand and vanished, before she had
time to speak or see that the letter was In
a familiar hand.
"Dear mother," It ran. "I write in haste
to save time, as young Williams in going
through Nut combe this morning. Come in
straight away. I did wrong, but I never
meant It: owing to a sudden temptation
1 thought to make all right again. But.
dear mother, if I cant raise fifty pounds
by Wednesday I am a lost man. Jane
knows naught. Her heart will be broken
and the children ruinod. I thought you
might hnve some old sticks to raise some
thing on I could pay off later. \\ illiam
has something put by. I'd borrow at 50
per cent, and perhaps Annie and the rest
could lend on the same terms. No more
tit present. Your dutiful son, James
She fell forward on the table, her head
on her arms, with a heavy sigh. She re
mained thus quite still, while the clock
ticked, the kitten leaped upon Liza, who
waked and played, and a star, visible
through the lattice, passed out of sight.
At last Liza cuffed the kitten off; sprang
on the table and examined her mistress
with profound disquiet and eyes growing
rounder and rounder. Finding neither
mews or purrs availed she gently licked
the still, white face until Mrs. Burt re
gained consciousness, and ¦with it the
memory of calamity and shame.
On the following Thursday Joseph
"Woodnutt lingered, as he often did after
Ousk. by the orchard '.vail of the farm
whi.j-f Annie served. Now and then he
whistled and looked up at an attic win
dow that shone silvery in a young moon' 3
light, then waited in the dappled shadows,
his hands in his pockets, his figure mo
tionless. A tree heavy with ruddy apples
hung over the -wall above him, the scent
of overripe fruit mingled with the pleas
ant smell of fresh-stacked wheat; save
for the stamp of a stabled horse, the crop
crop of cows munching grass, the rustls
of a mouse and fall of mellow fruit, all
v,as quiet. So quiet that he heard the
click «.f a lattice hasp from the roof and
looked up to see It open. Soon after the
rustle of skirts over the orchard grasa
was heard, and the face he expected ap
peared, pale in the moonlight, set In frult
ladcn bough?. Then followed a sound that
poets have likened to the breaking of ripe
fruit, the wall being scarcely breast high.
"It's the last," Annie suddenly Bobbed
after the "silence usually sequent on thl*
time-hallowed rite: "1 mustn't
go with 'cc any more, Jos
eph."
He promptly falsified the
first proposition, as true lovers
should, asking what she meant
by the second.
"Anybody as mp.rries me'll
have to wait years and years."
she explained; "I'm not one to
go a beggar to a honest man,
and every penny I hey is gone."
"I'd sooner wait years for you,
Annie, dear, than marry a mll
lenair's daughter," was the
proper response, "I want 'cc,
my dear."
"Mother has sold the clock." j
»>he said, extricating herself
from his arms, "poor mother's ]
heart's broke, and dear Joe, the I
family's going down and I must J
glv 'cc Ijack the watch and all. gji
And may you find a b-better jm
girl, as will Move 'cc t-true g£3
and m-make 'cc an n-nice Es
home." O
"May I be blowed!" cried V
Joseph, "If ever I'll give 'cc W
up or take back anything I v
ever giv 'cc! Look here, Annie,
you en me hey been sweet
hearten this two year, though
'twas only a Sunday you said
yes, and a nice dance you've
led me. I've put up with Jt be
cause a man ought to give In
to a maid's whimsies. And I
always acted honest. But you
and me is man and wife before
one above, Annie, and the devil
hisself shan't put us asunder."
" 'Twill be a long wait, Joe,
and I ought not to bind 'cc to
It," waa the wistful rejoinder,
"and I won't," she added. "But
I'll act true. Do >c see this, dear Joe?"
drawing a email Testament from her
pocket. '.'Will >c swear on the book what
I tell "c« shall go no further?"
He looked steadily Into the clear, blue
eyes, ¦winamlns In tears, then he looked
11.
THE WIDOW'S CLOCKFex refer with miHi fine scorn— than to
jeopardize the beauty of the inner life.
Not all the executive ability! the business
capacity, or the brilliant genius in the
world should be permitted to niar tho har
mony of the home. .
cLlZejßcTri GERBERDiNCi. •;
Century .Club!
A Bright Prospect .
With the opportunities of to-day, espec
ially for American women.- and with the
high Ideals f held by tho) women •of the
present cejitury,- the woman of .the com
ing century*. will be" true-hearted," broad
iniml i. noble, brilliant; a loader of men,
revered, honored and loved by them!
riESTERHARLAND. -
7 ;-, ChlldStudy Club.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY GIRL
"I serve," or will her physical and
nervous nature succumb to the numerous
drafts thty witl be called upon to honor?
Clubs— of which I feel there are now too
many— are so very alluring in their meth
ods of. appealing to advanced woman's
nature, that it needs great cnurase to
keep uut of mure than one. or two.
AVorrinn's mentality is rapidly developing,
the humanities arc foremost in her
thoughts, \aiul her individuality Is more
and more pronounced. And if she is suc
ccssfur In carrying out all her aims to
fruition, then 1 cordially extend all kindly
erecting and .honor, to the composite
wpman of the twentieth century.
MRS. A. H- BOOMER.
Sorosis Club.
Will Not Infringe Upon
Man's Province in
the Least. "
The woman of the coming century will
occupy a higher and a nobler sphere than
In the nineteenth century. In intellectual
culture. In a knowledge of science und
art and in social economics, she will take
an advanced stand.
She will not infringe upon man's pro
vince, but will become tr* •». still greater
extent his helpmate in pi itig. enlight
ening and uplifting the race, nnd will till
a true womanly destiny with matchless
power and wondrous skill.
MKS. J HOMER FRITCH.
Forurrj Club.
ing their best to maintain with the dignity
befitting such a sacred edifice. "Would
not the master of this great and prospt-r
oin house like to become a member of our
little tong? To be sure, wo are but ooor
people, while the master Is a great and
prosperous merchant, whose name is as
well known in Hongkong as It is to the
great American Custom-house on Wash
ington street. Still, wh are honest if p«.or,
and wo would consider ourselves highly
honored if the great merchant prince
would ullow us to add his name to our
membership roll." .
Of course, the great merchant prince
ryt REVIEWER who writes with In
f trrest in his work must suffer
f— from the apprehension that seme
V. Cay a Look by a new genius may
X ¦¦'- In the innocent-looking package
¦wrapped in brown paper which is
M r.: V.!m every week. With the ambitious
•tcr.rk of uneducated genius— published
at the autbor-a cxpense-the reviewer
cnr. cope easily enough. Even with the
of average or even of distinguished
PX ellrr.ee which are sent him as the
regular product of the trade, the trained
b .: :. r co-operatins with the skilled pub
he :)oed not feel at a loss. It is
true he could not write them, or he would
• • be r.virwing them; but they are not
"out of his class." A collection of short
Pi :.s, written with the trained observa
• n arid the artistic concentration of at
tention on essentials, the rapid progress
ahd the sure and easy development, which
p.re part cf the necessary professional
Fklll of the story writer of the day, pre
sents :-,t:> difficulty to a reader intent on
making a fair appreciation of the substan
tial a:;d artistic value of the books on
which he commentsJ Books of exposition
or 'criticism about subjects of general in
terest are even easier to treat, for they
*:-<• of the same nature with the critic's
. »-ri work. But imagine a real new great
. ¦ -..::• rely dropping from a star and
_• within the critic's ken. To add
greatness th<> critic may have in part
raisod his powers of appreciation. He
knows at least what tradition says he
ought to feel, and at times he has been
to aamire nobly. But when the new
may come, expressed in a form new. ln
i-IfiVnt personal, rousing question and
. it may be exciting repulsion, a
rjtic aiav wJll ask himself: "Shall I
. ihe power to rise- to a sincere and
late admiration of a greatness higher
my imaginations, of a greatness to
b I have not attained?" He may
istly feel the dread tha.t some clam
- . and windy talent may mislead him
:: • ... mi mentary illusion as to the power
: it. Or else a. work of higher jrra
raay have to suave and gracious a
demeanor as to conceal its force. With
.';¦;:- , nance of error he is bound to say
¦ what iv- think?, and with modest
-.- to strive for the truth as he
ThrM observations are Intended as a
preface to a few comments on Stephen
I f" iragt-dy; "Paolo and Francesca."
Mr. Phillips has already written some
; etrj fine in achievement and promise.
¦•¦•• ¦ w gives to the world a tragedy in
.. verse on a familiar, romantic
theme, a tragedy rr.cani for the stage,
not fci • i :<¦>'. t. The qriet darlns of
Burh an act is evident when we consider
thai at this .!f>y the only plays of the
kind which are acted were written two
hundred and seventy-five years ago. and
I lay's Of the kind composed in
nng tnt< rval which have deserved
r«verencu as acting plays of high poetic
I i ¦? ¦:¦ :••.' t\v.) of Otway's, two ct-iituries
r ; aV.'l ;• rhaps Shelley's "Cenci." In
Mr. Phillips' fine, unobtrusive courage
iheri is ;•' He has simply
walked <iui«tly f. the Siege Perilous so
lor.s hmpty, and t;ik<'n a place beside
Marlowe and VWbster at the table where
g Lkfspeare holds the- high seat. There
can be no question; either, of the Inten
sity of Mr. Phillips' passion, the energy «>f
hi:- creative power, the beauty of his art.
• - play s.^ beyond doubt fine. Is it
s to U« observed that the drama
_- with a familiar story moves
• ;ward - foregone conclusion. The read
ing of Ihe ih\<> <>l Lancelot, the fated
trtrnWinc kiss, the sudden stub and the
uls blown m the dusky air forever are
¦ '": :.:,<i unchangeable elements in any
artistic f treatment of the tragedy. The
*:•; s by which the end Is.reached. the In
timate natures of the chief actors and
•:• •xiirc-.--j"n— these alone are the play
wright'e free property, to be d^alt with
ts he chooses. From the moment when
the youthful Paolo enters from the sun
llght; leading the golden-haired child of
Francescai "ali dewy from her convent
fetched." the Fjx'ctator knows that the
doom cf the fair young creatures is
pealed. Hence the play is one of inexor
able fat<-, rot to be averted by any ef
fort, sure to involve the noblest creatures
cf the p'.ay through the sweetest and
deepest impulses ..f their nature. In this
rffjvect the play :s of the Greek type
rather than of tiie modern. The firee*
tragedy, dealing with Jamiiinr plots. led
It? herot-s to an inevitable fate, and thus
dweit more on the merciless power of the
great] forces whuse play we art than on
the inspiring energy of th» individual
will; defeated but uncor.'juered ,by the
strokes of destiny.
-UnwHUnclr
¦: : . :: u -.«< uuvrilllixly : *>w ih»ra."
The rlasric nature of Mr. Phillip*' work
•.s. inherent in other elements than its ran
live ar.il tctic. The chaiacters are few.
In most <.f the scenes only two <jr threa
perrons ;it a time converse, and one dls
appears when another comes on. Tho
Eccne charges only from the palace to tho
town ..;.'J back. The time of action is
lory short. In brief, the object aimed at
'.s the concentration of the attention upon
liiO f^-vv <•<•>< ntial points, not Its diffusion
ov*r a wide lit I<J of interest. In minor de
tails the : C:--;exnblance in spirit is clear.
::•• dead are slain out ol eight. Prenio::!
*:• :.^. prophecies and the shilling irony of
»-,«<. h innocent in intention but fatally
fcipnilicxait to the initiated constantly
< uter •.'¦ iicid to tho effect. To be sure,
Fuch mctho*]* of accentuating the tragedy
are employed in all ..:•.•;- of dramatic
tut thoy are exceptionally frequent
:¦] appr^pr.ate in tragedy of the classic
It is In the style, however, that Mr.
Phillips is most classic— by which I mean
nost akin In spirit to the <; reek dramatist.
1 '.V- language or hia dialogue is very
.n. ;¦]•'. Its plainness In rot prosaic, but
ense and vibrant with an exaltation
vhich "in moments of unusuaJ passion
wrings from the poet. a« it were, v word
r .. line. <.r even a passage, of opulent
•c*uty. tut which in general t-.hows its
•.'.'¦niUy only in cadence and cuncentra
.. <f plira^e. In this, how unlike to
Bhakceik are's fiction, in iUc beauty and
• xub. rai:.-*- cf which the reader may
• a>ily jt times forget, as Sliak-.-sjieare
Ktfins to forget, play and characters, tv
l»e lost tit the contemplation of a passing
<;»>:if,'ht in tight or sound, or an eloquent
descant on a passing id^a. Hence there
'.s v :iul«- in "I'colu and Francesca" that
'¦ >m:s itself to quotation. Almost too
poignant is Lucrt-ila's bitter lament of
her Larrcimess. in which Khe rails herself
a w;»::iVrins lirr-. a disappointed force,
and trUs that her* is one of the voices
heard in the calling of the barren sea
or lendir.g the wind's cry its human end.
It Is not '.r. romantic beauty, but In
startling intensity, that th*> excellence nt
:>lr. Phillips' !io«t lines consist— often in
startles simplicity.
Her lover Is angry. She spends the night
weeping on her' knees before her open
window; and in. the gray morning hears
his voice calling her and promising for
giveness. As she goes to meet him she
feels that she cannot marry a man whose
love-. will always Have a regretful "if,"
that, she cannot havo children who would
not -respect her if they knew,, that-' she
cannot look-forward to a future in "which
she may herself come at 'last-to feel that
she has sinned" against her best self, not
merely madQ. 'an Jgnorapt- misstep. Nor
can' she take as forgrCejiieHS that love and
marriage ¦wh.Leh'aca-'rTefs. as rightfully as
they.tfre the 'ltiiyj's who, loves' her. for
has" he notTUng'Jto Xorget?' I So she. forces
herself ..arid* him- to'i{«y farewell; and to
go 'oir their w'a_v, alone.". : ';i, ..
• It;ls plain r that-tHe^author writes to In
sist" on views : of riffh't and, wrong, teach-,
ing." first, tha^< children 0f. ,. .both.*, sexes
should be early 'instrijcted in_ the meaning
of sex. and secondly, that that>man'alone
can be just, happy, and self-respecting
who believes the words of the poo.t: .
"Who is the happy husband? He -.
Who ,>c»nnl:iff-.;hia un^wedded life. '¦ :
Thanks hraven ferfth a' conscience free
'Twas falthfui to his future wife."
But the story does not depend on the
moral. It is a consistent and entirely
natural and impressive tragedy. The
character and experience of Letitia
Berkeley are perfectly possible, and the
development of the plot from the charac
ter and of the character from the plot
are excellently studied. The other per
sonages are also vigorously represented,
and the picture of the student life of
women in Paris is, very vivid. (F. A.
Stokes Company, New York, $1 25.)
Mr. risslng's novel, "The Crown of
T.ife." though the conscious study of sex
but. the circumstances which help to form
them, especially the intellectual atmos
phere they breathe, brings In a multitude
of additional elements, which make great
demands upon the attention in order to
be assimilated with the rest of the book.
If any one thing dominates in import
ance, it is the imaginative intensity of
Mers Otway's amorous nature. One of
the rare beings capable of a profound pas
sion, he early felt its disquieting but en
nobling influence. Led by it in a devious
way, ready -t one moment to lose the
dignity, of his nature in commonplace
sensual ease, at another to take refuge
in. a marriage of kindly affection without
the real nre ; df love, he comes at last to
Intellectual. and moral command of him
self .and' to the fulfillment of his deeply
cherished passion. The foil to Piers is
young Arnold Jacks, executive, clear, sure
of himself and his purposes, proof against
the /illusions of pa«sion: and their rivalry
for the hand of Irene Dcrwcnt is really
a confe^t between two opposing principles
of life. Irene's engagement to Jacks, her
vacillation, hor final sudden and Intense
revolt against the sovereignty of com
monplace good sense, and her uncon
scious demand for a recognition of the
empire of natural passion and the ideal
In love, perhaps this movement of Irene's
nature is the most significant expression
of the general meaning of Mr. Gissing's
book.
The novel is one of considerable power,
unequal in execution, and in a way dan
gerous, as the release of a force is always
dangerous. (F. A. jjtofc- Co., New York,
In the verso of Dr. E. R. Taylor- "Moods
and Other Verses' I—there1 — there Is a thread,
Flender but genuine, of true poetry. His
work is all refined, beautifully gentle and
the odor of dawn, the howling of dog?, the
sounds of the sea or music, the sugges
tions of condensed words, all expressing
in his poetic faith the "glaf!r.e?s and grief
of dead generations," bestirring "for one
mysterious moment some deep and ex
quisite thrillirrg of voluptuous pain."
The actual ghost stories give the reader
the luxury of a new and appalling thrill
of horror. (Little, Brown & Co.. Boston.
"Songs Along the Way." by Mrs. Emily
Browne Powell is another little volume of
verse in which tender sincerity gives to
some of the poems decided charm. With
less of the technical accomplishment of
verse and less in most cases of the indi
vidual touch that we call style than in
the volume just discussed, the little book;
contains here and there lines of more im
aginative force— such as:
"O homesick rhell, thy low Imprisoned roar;"
"Ghosts ride between us on our way.
Their shadowy ste»rts press ours apart:
-Against my arm their bridles sway."
This phrase seems to me worthy of a
great poet. The poems alt in all need
concentration— such concentration of the
imagination as is expressed in the lln«
just quoted, and they show the need of a
greater study of the little things of style.
Some pleasant poems are marred by a
touch of commonplace In expression. ''The
Story of the Ages." "All Soul's Eve" and
the "Vacation Song" have pleased m*
more than the others. (The Peter Paul
Book Company, Buffalo.)
W. Clark Russeli's "The Ship: Her
Story," is a soberly gossiping account of
tho u_>velcpment oc sea-going craft from
the Ark to the Columbia. In effect, how
ever, it is sailing ships from Sir Kranci3
Drake's day to the middle of uas century
which have really interested Mr. Russell.
The" book is amazingiv free from techni
cality of language. Mr. Russell keeps
that for loca» color in his novels. The il
lustrations, by Mr. Seppings Wright, ar*
both beautiful and interpretative. A read
er with any nautical tastes will find this
book fascinating. (F. A. Stokes Co.. New
Books Received
"A History of American Privateers," by
Edgar S. Mnclay. D. Appleton & Co., New
"The White Terror," by Felix Gras. D.
Appleton & Co., New York, $1.50.
THE BOOKS
OF THE WEEK
So much has been done for her by the
woman oT the nineteenth century that the
woman of the twentieth will find her lines
enst In pleasant places. All the avenues
of work are open to her. She has' only to
choose hor vocation, fitting herself to fill
that part of the social system toward
which her nature leans. This luxury of
selection is the cream of social life— work
In Its very highest development. To do
the work one loves to do it greater hap
piness than any play ever devised. But
should a married woman elect to tread
the avenue inclination suggests, it should
be only with the unqualified approval of
her husband. Better for the twentieth
century woman that she content herself
with the position of the parasitic female—
to whom the progressive members of her
Will the Days Be Long
Enough to Admit of
Half the Work She
Is Assuming?
A twentieth century woman? She sure
ly will be a perfect "composite," if her
present tendencies prove anything. But
will the days bo long enough to admit of
halt' the work the woman of nineteen
hundred is assuming? Is she. as Emer
son says. ' "hitching her wagon to a
star," and will she keep as her motto
that of the crown prince of England:
Murder, Ten Years ; Stealing
Diamonds, Twenty.
"Kimberley proper is built around a hole
big enough to hold the entire white popu
lation of South Africa." writes Allen San
gree in Ainslee's for January. "This is the
excavation above the Kimberley mine,
made when diamonds were mined from
the surface. Nowadays shafts are sunk
and levels formed, whence the blue ground
is blasted out and hauled to the surface
in elevators. The diamond is different
from other precious stones In that it 13
found In soft clay. while the amethyst,
ruby and emerald are embedded in quartz.
This makes the diamond easy to conceal
in the mouth, nose and by swallowing,
and every year the De Beers Compa-iy
gets from the workmen $2,000,000 worth of
stolen goods. The inclination to pilfer
these precious stones is so intense th-it
the crime id severely punished. In South
Africa the first commandment 13 'Thou
shalt not steal diamonds.' What rape is
to Georgia is I. I>. B. (illicit diamond
buyer) to South Africa. For murder a
man may get ten years: for having *
diamond found on his person that is not
registered, twenty years. At Cape Town
is a great convict station called the
'Breakwater.' where sons of prominent
American families and English aristocrats
join in lockstep with Lascars and Kaffirs.
They have all violated the first command
ment. In Kimberley 1000 negro convicts
sort the diamonds under the muzzles of
Maitini rifles. They are kept in a sepi
tate place. The I»ther black boys live in a
five-acre inelosure known as the 'Cora
pound.'
"The De Beer* Company controls *.h%
diamond market of the world. Of the flv#
mines. Kimberley. De Beers. Dv Toita,
Pan Bullfontein and Premier, the first
two are situated in Kimberley and are iho
only ones worked now. The diamonds pro
duced in other parts of the world would
not supply the city of Philadelphia, Tne
value, of the South African product thus
far has been J600.W0.000. The supply
seems inexhaustible.
(Continued from Page Eight.)
sympathy with all human kind —
an Idea so plainly foreshadowed and
developed by the poets of the eighteenth
century. The progress of the race tends
from the purely physical to the intel
lectual, then to the spiritual. May not
the higher eduction and the broadened
sympathies! of the woman of to-day be
preparing her for .an enlargement of: her
religious and spiritual nature in the twen
tieth century?
MRS F- J- SYMMES.
Century Glub.
Be Contented With the
Position of the Para
sitic Female.
Illustrations by H. C. Seppings Wright aim W.
Clark Russell's Book, "The Ship: Her Story."
spurns nlike the wraith offered by Mrs.
Ball] and the so-called restoration of her
own honor by a marriage which she her
self regarded as dishonorable; because
there was no love in it.
To her in her work came v new and
pure love. She forces herself the duy be
fore that appointed for h<>r marriage, to
tel! her story tn hor betrothed, feeling
that she must do St. though she resents
the unfairness in that .she niny not claim
of liir.i the same virginity which is ex
pected of her. and though sho fools that
in her ignorance 'she committed no .sin.
assumes much importance in it, is very
different .n nature from Mrs. Rteffens'
book. It does not lend itself easily to
Humn^arizing. for it Is not so much a str.ry
us th* ."lowly mov.ng account of develop
ing character, indeed <>f the action of ono
character upon another, and of circum
stances upon them all. The novel is fur
ther complicated by the fact that the
characters eprrscnted ure not regarded
:is definitely former), ns fact;; to l-.p simply
exhibited, but as fluid and changing, as
composites of varying force?. The at
tempt to represent not only characters
ter»sting parallels to "Paolo and Fran
cesca."
It remains to be seen whether the con
ception and delineation of the characters
in the new play is worthy of its profound
passion and the perfection of its expres
sion. In this point the classical drama,
and all drama under classical influences
Is likely to seem to the English reader
weak. In the concentration of the mini
upon the situation and upon the unity of
the play the characters are easily slight.-d.
In "Paolo and Francesca" this weakness
*eerr.9 to me to be present. Paolo and
Francesca are situations rather than por-
Fons. Francesca. a sweet girl "with only
convent thoughts." but with the capacity
of a noble soul for passionate love: Paolo
a handsome, pure-minded younger broth
er. Just as Romeo and Ophelia are, in a
way. the places they fill, not quite per
sonalities, as are Juliet. Rosalind ;ind
Imogen, so Paolo and Francesca in a
greater degree, though pathetic -figures
whose fate and passion are real and stir
us. are somewhat less than person;Uiti<-3
of an individual type whom we could rec
ognize. The grim, but in his way noble.
Giovanni, swift of deed and thought,
ready in his utmost wrath to give wi«e
orders for his state affairs, able to leave
h!s bride at the Instant of her coming tor
the purpose °f settling a tax-Olovanni.
with his wounded l>ack and limping si<-p.
Is a person. Fo is the childless LiiciptU,
Fiibtle and evil In her Jealousy of Kmii
cr^ra's happiness: eager and all but mad
In her sudden response to the. poor child's
affection. But only they two ure figures
In the round.
This want of individual parable fullness
of presentation may make the play se«-r«
cold. Another Imperfection is a lack of
flexibility in me style, which impresses
m- as too xinlform. An Instance of this
want of flexibility is the lack of case md
spontaneity In the short prose scenes of
rnmninn life, which servo as a welcome
interlude before the on-sweeping catastro
phe of the last act-
Without possessing qualifications as a
Judge of the fitness of the play for the
Hage. I venture the opinion that the
weaknesses of the play arc capable of
being compensated for by good acting.
The tightness of Francesca and Paolo
can be made up for by the fullness of
personality which a good ,iotor could give
thrlr characters, while effective staging
and ready vitality could make the prose
ECfiics "go" with an ease and energy
whlrh. in reading, they seen) to lack. Yet
on the whole, after many interested read-
Ings. I fee) that the play lacks the
abounding nnd various humanity neces
sary to make it widely enjoyed, and lacks
the highest exaltation of thought and
phrase necessary to make it great. (John
Lane. New York: Jl Co. i HER
Like Paolo and Kr.nncesca. two recent
novels ure turned with more than usual
intrntncMS upon considering "the way. of
a man with a maid." One Is "letitia
Berkeley. A.M.." by Josephine Bontceou
StefffTis: the other "The Crown of Life."
by George Gi^sing.
Letitia Berkeley. A.M.. was the daugh
ter of a professor Berkeley', who had
given Letitia the eomplctcst of educations
in everything except her body and her
heart. Growing restless as she reaches
maturity from causes which she does not
understand and which there Is no one to
explain to her. she begs her father to
let her go to New York that she may
learn to live, ar.d not simply be a spec
tator and student, apart from the realities
of the world. She makes her own living
as a teanhtr and as the secretary of a
rich woman, who has forced her way by
hor wealth into the "smart set." Here,
almost by accident and innocent of wrong!
she receives the caresses of a young man
vt fashion, and carried on by her suddenly
ruption soon followed and new so
cieties were organized. Their ar
ticles of incorporation, if they could bo
dignified by such a high sounding title,
were" founded on the same humane lines
as these laid down by the original tongs,
but to quote old 1100 Youk. one of the
shrewdest Chinese philosophers who ever
visited this country, "This was all mouth
talk and contains not one word that
comes from the heart." The real object
of these new tong3 was to extort
blackmail from the keepers of dis
reputable, houses, and when the United
State:; began to tighten the lines on the
Importers of these unfortunate women,
they innocently enhanced the value of
every unhappy female slave landed on
our shores.
With the increase in values came en
couragement for the organization of more
tongs, then came the usual commercial
stumbling block, the law of supply and
demand. There was no longer blood
money enough to go round and the high
binder found it necessary to include oth
er classes in his levy, so he began on the
respectable merchant. In order to ac
complish this some sort of consistent
story had to be invented to precede the
demand. To the full-fledged highbinder
this came a trifle easy.
The method adopted by these leeches 10
extort money frcm their countrymen was.
and is to-day, as follows: The members
of the highbinder tong hold a meeting
whenever they find it necessary to raise
the. wind, they resolve themselves info a
committee of the whole and select one of
their smoothest talkers. to call upon some
well-known merchant, the agent of the
tong to represent himself as a sort of mis
sionary who calls to solicit alms for the
approaching celebration on the install i
tlon of thfir new idol in their modest lit
tle temple of worship, which they are do-
would be only too happy to lend his "In
significant shopkeeper name," as he ex
presses it. if it would in any way help
their t«ng. But. really, business care«*
are so absorbing, he is too much pressed
for time, and he declines the doubtful
honor with many regrew.
Now the missionary tries another tack.
"Well." he explains, "everybody knows
how rich and generous the great master is.
:md we are sure, if he cannot find time to
honor us with his presence, he would not
object to making a small donation, for the
glory of the new idol and its little temple,
say about two hundred dollars. It would
be repaid by the prosperity that i 3 sure to
follow generous deeds."
Hut the master fails to see It in that
light, and with greatest politeness thankj
the missionary for his promises of pros
perity, and bows him to the door. After
the missionary has gone the merchant
finds a small scrap of paper crumpled up
on his counter; he opens it and reads
something like this: "If the master of this
house persists in ignoring the requests of
the little temple which ha 3 been built by
his poor but honest countrymen, the
writer greatly fears that some great dis
aster may occur within the next week
which would cause great pain and suffer
ing, possibly death, life is so uncertain."
Should the merchant still refuse to sub
mit to this demand for blackmail, his
death follows as surely as if all the idols
in Chinatown were in league against him.
This wholesale form cf blackmail and
murder soon brought about another com
bination. Many merchants, in order to
protect themselves from the ravages of
these thugs, became members of their
tongs, paying a light tribute annually.
This arrangement. In its turn, brought
about the vendetta and established a
hired band of assaslns, who have ever
sir&e infested the Chinese quarter of thij
city.
There are in all thirteen prominent
tongs located in San Francisco, most ot
them fairly prosperous. They are com
posed of what one might call active and
associate members. The active members
are the fighting m^n and those who hve
about the headquarters of the tnn?s, and
as a rule the long membership is their
only visible means of support. The asso
ciate membership, on the contrary, is
made up of some of the best behaved mer
chants and house servants, who are sim
ply coerced into belonging to these orders
for self-protection, nine-tenths of whom
would gladly desert if they had the cour
age to do so, but they haven't.
The vendetta is the feature that is
brought most prominently to our notice.
These brigands. In order to protect them
selves, or rather to intimidate fighting
men of rival tons?, have sworn to avengo
the death of every member of their re
spective societies, so if you were to read
in to-morrow mornings paper that a
member of the Hip Sings had been found
dying on the sidewalk the night before,
you may rest assured that a Suey Sins
££• the dust '" a " aso " aMy short
It may teem a bit strange to the casual
reader that the police have never been
able to suppress this warfare, which U
waged in the very heart of the city, as U
were, but there are many reasons why it
is almost an impossibility. In the first
place, these people have the ad%antage of
a language which seems -»s mysterious
and as deep as the grave itself: one may
spend a lifetime trying to learn the ver
nacular, and then rind himself stumped
with some new form of prison slang, and
he is as much in the dark as he was in
the beginning. The people absolutely re
fuse to testify against each other, even
the merchant class, for they realize the
penalty. Of course the merchant class
would do anything in reason to clear th*
city of this pest, but thry are helpless.
There is little danger of the?" murderers
ever being caught in the act. for they ara
as well posted on the movements of every
police ofllcer as is the sergeant himself.
and they always choose their time with
marked good Judgment. Their wonderful
similarity of feature and form renders
identification almost an impossibility.
W. C. BUNNER.
History oF the H?ShbTrtfe>'s Wai-.
Continued From Page One.
awnkened passions, becomes for a short
tirr.o his mistress. Displeased and shock
ed by detecting him in 1 a falsehood, de
spising him for his shallowne?s, growing
to understand the meaning of what she
has done, she leaves him. The death of
her father leaves her with a small cap
ital, and she goes to Paris to study medi
cine. She^shares the life of ti?j women
students there, and is beginning to be
lost in her work when her old lover comes
before her to offer her marriage. To this
step he has been forced by Mrs. Ball, the
rich woman for whom Letitia had acted
as secretary, and who had taken this
step from a desire of revenge. The motive
of hrr anger was her knowledge that the
young man's mother had tempted .Mrs.
Ball's husband into adultery with her, and'
a consequent desire to humiliate the
mother. Letitia scorns her suitor, .and
"I havo borne one child, and she has
died in youth"— Lucrezia's lament over
the child of her affection, whom she be
gan to love only to lose; or, "Hide them.
They look like children fast asleep"— the
speech pf the fierce lame man who has
slain the lovers.
It is plain that in spite of the romantic
and personal nature of the theme, "Paolo
and Francosca" hap qualities which as
sociate rather with the restrained and in
tense classic tragedy than with the ex
uberant tragedy which 1? our ideal. In
meter and in the cast of language, on the
other hand. Mr. Phillips shows that he
has made a scholarly and sympathetic
study of our Elizbethan playwrights, es
pecially. I should surmiso, of that gr«Mt
man Webster, whose "Duchess of Malfy."
generally conceded to be the best English
tragedy not by Shakespeare, presents in-
THE . SUNDAY CALL.
loving, and intelligently finished. What it
lacks is intellectual and moral intensity.
It is too often occasional, arA a little tri
vial in it 3 substance. Dr. Taylor's pen
would Feem to be too facile. Sonnets and
lyrics to thirty-three poets and painters, a
sheaf of verses to private friends, verses
on a lady's relief from headache in sleep,
on the florist's art in raising large chry
santhemums, may in any one case be jus
tified, but there are too many such in his
little volume. His verse gets too easily on
the wing. But in the expression of many
simple and universal sentiments Dr. Tay
lor's work possesses rare charm and fe
licity. The DO-m called "Now" is an ex
ample:
Oh. do not vralt until ir. earth I li»
Before thou Kivest me my rightful meed;
Oh,' do not now In coldness rass me by,
AnJ then cry praises which I cannnt heed.
If I have helped the? on- thy weary way.
Or lightened in the least thy burden's weight.
Haste with love's tokens ere another day
Shall pierce thee with the fatal words, "Too
Th* present moment is thy time to live:
The Past Is gone, the Future may not be;
If thou hast treasure of the heart to give
To hungry souls, bestow it speedily;
For sweet Love's take, let not to-morrow's sun
Ttmpt thee to wait before thou see it done.
Schopenhauer's saying that everything
has been praised and condemned, every
thing blessed and banned, in due order,
and that now all that remains for a poet
is style justifies Dr. Taylor's choice of
such themes. The gentle grace of indi
viduality with which he invests them,
and his metrical siv.ll, give to the poems
the quality of style— which is only per
sonally difftused through expression.
Dr. Taylor's best work i.3 in his transla
tions, especially those from the French.
The combined energy and delicacy of his
originals suit his talents. The translations
from the German are not so happy. (El
der & Shcpard, San Francisco.)
Lafcadio Hcarn "In Ghostly Japan"
is imbued with a marveious sympathy
with that subtle philosophy which makes
the whole world ghostly, existence being
an iridescent illusion rising from the Sea
of Birth and Death, the Present freighted
with the spiritual presence of the mys
teriously reborn Past. Mucn of It is ghost
ly only as all things touching our inmost
selves are ghostly, especially those in
stinctive responses to the voices of na
ture conveyed through etrange means—
11
REVIEWED BY PROF; H B LATHROP
STANFORD UNIVERSITYTHE STUSIDAY CALIi.
12troverted, and they expect the incident to
be closed by the payment of an indemn
ity, perhaps within the next few days.
BRITONS HANDICAPPED
BY ANCIENT ARTILLERY
NEW YORK. Jan. 6— Belated stories of
the war in South Africa are arriving
from London by mail. Among the many
criticisms of British artillery none has
attracted more attention than that writ
ten on November 12 at Ladysmith by the
Standard's war corespondent. There 13
a frankness In it which doubtless would
never have passed the censor, yet Its de
tail and the evident knowledge of the
writer upon artillery matters stamp it
with undeniable truth, however unpleas
ant reading it makes for the British pub
lic. Summing \up this correspondent
says :
"The disadvantages under which we
have labored have been demonstrated re
peatedly... At Elapds,Lkagte.4wo officers
and two men of the First. Field'Battery
were wounded at a range beyond that at
which they could fire shrapnel. > Except
In reconnoissance our field guns are use
less as long as the siege lasts. The Boer
shrapnel Is fused for 5200 yards, whereas
our fuse ceases to be effective at 4100
yards.
"The meaning of this will be clear when
I say that for lino yards, or nearly three
quarters of a mile, our artillery are ex
posed to the fire of a practically invisible
enemy without being able to fire a really
effective shot in self-defense. In other
words, our guns would never get within
effective range of a French or German
field battery. We must have a gun that
will shoot with much greater accuracy at
s<v)o yards and a fuse that Is effective at
5000 or 6000 yards. Our equipment is un
duly heavy. Our guns carry too much
weight. The double teams that brought
the Twenty-first Battery to Elands
Laagte, a distance of fifteen or sixteen
miles, had not an ounce left In them. This
is the first time that the British army has
faced modern artillery, and the lessons to
be learned will be of the greatest value.
Already we have discovered that with the
aid of smokeless powder anrl long ranges
the enemy may be invisible, and that
when he is raining shot and shell upon
us, and that days may pass without dis
closing the position of some of his guns
and howitzers. The Boer has an advan
tage. If not In his Mausers, which most
experts in our army now declare to be
more accurate and trustworthy than the
Lee-Metford, at any rate In the possession
of field-glasses. There is scarcely a man
CECIL RHODES READY
TO ESCAPE IN A BALLOON
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— Cecil Rhodes does not intend to fall into the hands
of the Boers if he can help it, not even If Kimberley be taken. The people
are not a little nervous on that score now, because they lack faith in General
Methuen, not In courage but in his tactical powers.
The Colossus, who, like Napoleon the Great, always considers the worst
which might take place In any situation which he finds himself, has faced
the possibility of the fall of Kimberley and tried to provide for his personal
safety In that event, for he is only too well aware that the Boers, were he
to fall Into their hands, would shoot him without mercy.
Mr. Rhodes' plan of escape Is simple. He has a first-class balloon at
hand and should Kimberley fall the balloon will bo seen ascending with
four occupants and sailing away. Those passengers would be the Colossus.
Mr. and Mrs. McGulre and an expert aeronaut. Of course It would be awk
ward If a wind from the south were to drive the balloon Pretoria ward, so
that it came eventually to earth in thewierny'e country.
la^t week there has been plenty of ex
citement over war news from various
seats of military operations, it was re
served for last night to bring what is In
Its possibilities probably the most impor
tant tidings of seven days.
During all day yesterday there was a
marked absence of news from South
Africa, and the London vendors of news
papers were at their wits' ends for a line
to shout out to attract the attention of
the public.
It was not till practically everybody
had gone to bed that a bulletin was Is
sued by the War Office in the shape of
an exceedingly brief dispatch from Gen
eral White saying that Boers in consid
erable force, whatever that may mean,
had made an attack on his forces at
Caesar's Camp at an early hour yester
day morning and had been everywhere
repulsed. No further details are yet to
hand.
RELEASE WEAKENS
GREAT BRITAIN'S CASE
Sr^clel Pi-patch \r> Th» Call.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. <?.— Secretary Hay
cabled to Embassador Choate to-day ad
ditional Information supplied by tho
Pennsylvania Milling Company relative
to flour on board the British and Dutch
steamers seized by the British cruisers
In South African waters. Tho informa-
toin submitted by the Pennsylvania Mill-
Ing Company was embodied In a formal
complaint, the first received from this
corporation. The original complaint and
the one upon which the action was taken
by the department was submitted by
Messrs. Flint. Eddy & Co. of New York,
who are also Interested in the cargo.
The Pennsylvania Milling Company
stated that It had flour on each of the
vessels and that It desired the department
to take such steps for Its release or for
reparation as might be deemed advisable.
The Secretary instructed Mr. Choate to
present the information to Lord Salis
bury.
No confirmation has been received at
the department of the release of the
etcamcr Mashona and the holding of the
cargo preparatory to further judicial pro
ceedings. The release of the steamer. In
the opinion of officials at the State De
partment, further weakens the case of
the British Government. It has been sup
posed here that the vessel would have
been held for violation of municipal laws
and also on a charge of conveying sup
plies to an enemy of the kingdom, but the
decision of the prize court indicates, the
officials state, that the court is of the
opinion she was engaged in a legitimate
operation. As Great Britain has not de
clared provisions to be contraband of
war, and as the steamer, it has been offi
cially decided, was not engaged in illegal
trade, the authorities say that the posi
tion of this Government cannot be con-
This Includes the several stations on the railroad between Durban and Ladysmith and the camps of the opposing forces. Troops on first landing spent some
time In acclimation camps at Durban and then In the more elevated one at Pletermaritzburg. Lately, however, they have been rushed on to -General Builer as -
Boon as landed. The sudden change makes a great difference in their powers of enduring fatigue.
View Showing the Elevation Above the Sea Level of the Various Points of Interest in Natal.
in the. ranks who has not a powerful
binocular, by the aid of which he is able
to make good shooting at extraordinary
distances. .Our equipment in this respect
is deficient and should be improved with
out delay." ,
SEIZURES CONSIDERED
L.ONDON, Jan. 6.— Lord Salisbury came
Meeting of the British Cabi
net Committee of National
Defense.
Seated In the large armchair la
Lord Salisbury. Prime Minister
and Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs. Partly behind him, stand
ing, are Mr. Goschen, First. Lord:
of the Admiralty, on the left, and
Lord Lansdowne. Secretary of
State for War. on the right. Mr.
A. J. Balfour. First Lord of the
Treasury, is seated at the table,
with pen in hand. The Duke of
Devonshire, president of the Coun
cil, leans against the chair in the
foreground. A map of South Africa
hangs before them, and they are
all intently discussing the situa
tion.
LONDON, Jan. 6.— The War Office this evening issued the following:
•' From Builer, Frere Camp, January 6. The following telegram was received
from General White January 6, 9a. m.: ' The enemy attacked Caesar's Camp at 2:45
a. m. in considerable force, The enemy was everywhere repulsed, but the fighting still
continues,' "
General Buller's telegram that the enemy had attacked Caesar's Camp at 2:45 a. m.,
and that the fighting was still in progress, caused many later calls at the War Office in
expectation 01 the receipt of additional news. The officials stated at midnight, however,
that nothing further would be issued during the night. No news has been received from
other sources, although the dispatches indicate that important events at the front are
imminent if not actually progressing at this time.
It is stated to-night that the British note in reply to the representations of the United
States Government on the subject of the seizure of American goods by Great Britain will
be given to Embassador Choate on Monday.
DURBAN, January 6.— The German steamer Herzog has been seized by a British war
ship and brought to this port.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— General
French has not been long
in taxing advantage 01 the
reinforcements which he received
at dawn yesterday morning. He
made a determined assault on
_ . ¦¦¦. /— , ,
the Boer positions at Colesberg,
in which all his available artillery,
cavalry and infantry were en
gaged.
In his official report, issued
yesterday, of the repulse last
Thursday of the Boer attack on
his left flank General French bays
that the enemy s evident omect
was to reopen communication
with Bactu. He says also that
the Boers were yesterday dis
closed five miles north of Coles
berg, located in a fresh position
with two heaw guns, and that
they were still in force to the
southeast of the town.
Though the stringency of the
censor toward press dispatches
continues, sufficient facts have
come to London to suggest that
an important move at Tugela
River is imminent. General Bul
ler is busy reconnoitenng the po-
Eition of his enemy, though one
should hardly dignify any of his
operations with the title of re
connoissance in force, as was
done by one correspondent s tel
egrams.
The most important recon
noissance appears to have con
sisted wholly of mounted troops
with two field guns, under
Lord Dundonald, which, cov
ered by the nre from some long
range naval guns, made an ef
fort to feel the strength of the
Boers occupying Mount Inhlawe.
The Boers are reported to have
replied with rifle fire at long
range, but refrained from disclos
ing their positions and contented
themselves with a demonstration
on the British outer flank, which
made the retirement of the small
force desirable.
We read also that the Boers
had a heliograph, presumably on
a mountain top, signaling their
headquarters camp at Lmbul
wane during the action. I ex
pect the Boers have a very com
plete system of signaling" in
working order to facilitate the
rapid reinforcement of threat
ened points by troops now
camped in the central situation.
We are told that the Tugela has
fallen and that the river is ford
able at the usual points, conse
quently we may assume that the
bridge which the Boers had
v." ¦'¦¦ ¦• j ¦ .'? ->..-¦
across the river near Pieters has
been restored and also that they
no difficulty in communicat
!ng between the north and south
banks.
MOST IMPORTANT
TIDINGS OF THE WEEK
EperUl TWrpatch to The CaM.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— While Curing the
GENERAL WHITE REPORTS THE
REPULSE OF THE BOERS
An Attack on Caesar's Camp Said to Have Been Unsuccessful,
but Fighting in the Vicinity of Ladysmith Continues — An
other German Vessel Seized by a British "Warship — Impor
tant events in the South African War Now Imminent.
JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN, Secretary -of State for the
Colonies, Who Brought on the Crisis but Is Not a Mem
ber of the Defense Committee.
to London from Hatfleld House • at
noon to-day, somewhat contrary to hi*
custom, and proceeded direct to the For
eign Office, where ;he spent the greater
part 'of the afternoon. Not only Lord
Salisbury but the entire department man
ifested extraordinary signs of. activity.
The Attorney General. Sir Richard Web r
ster, was .summoned from the country,
and the Solicitor General. Sir R. 8.. Fin
lay, was also in attendance. The Portu
guese Minister, Senhor de Soveral, called
at the Foreign Office during : the after
noon. .
"While, no announcement was made .re
garding the subject of the meeting It was
understood ,that the 'subjects discussed
Included the ; international law points
raised by the stoppage of. German steam
ers on their way to Delagoa Bay and the
supply of American | provisions to the
Boers. _' . -.*V- •-.
AMERICA WARNED
AGAINST GERMANY
LONDON. Jan. 6.— The Spectator to-day
publishes an article entitled "Germany
and the Monroe Doctrine," In which it
¦ says:
"America and not England is the rival.
In German opinion. It is with America,
and not with England. ¦ that Germany
realizes she must struggle for supremacy.
We do not say -for ¦ a J moment that Ger
many regards America as an enemy, but
Germany realizes It -is America that at
the moment lies across Germany's path,
and unless she is able to -reckon with
America on equal terms she will not be
come the world power In the future that
she desires to be."
The Spectator then goes . on to declare
that Germany's objective Is South Amer
ica, but that the 'Monroe doctrine bars
her :way. - How. to get around* this Jls
puzzling, but the paper declares Emperor
"William counts upon the G«nnan vote la
the United States to help him when his
new navy Is ready to carry out his South
American expansion Idea, especially la
Brazil:
The Spectator then warns the United
States, that If It Intends to uphold the
Monroe doctrine in the future It must
not go to sleep over It now, but prepars
to support a navy and army equal to the
¦train of maintaining a policy so tremen
dous. If not. she Is certain to suffer great
humiliation at the hands of "the patient,
efficient and persistent Germany." Tha
paper adds:
"when the hour comes Germany won't
be bluffed Into respect of Monroeism. She
will call the American fleet, and If the
fleet Is no higher than hers, Germany
will act."
OFFERED TO MAKE
A LOAN TO PORTUGAL
LISBOX, Jan. 6.— A semi-official note to
the press regarding the Anglo-German
agreement has Just been issued. It Is
as follows*: lifcirr
"The British and German Governments,
having previously reached an agreement
between themselves, informed Portugal
that in the event of her contracting a
large loan for the purpose of reorganiz
ing the finances the two Governments
•were disposed to guarantee the success of
the operation. At the same time the
Governments of Great Britain and Ger
many assured Portugal that the basis of
the agreement between them was the rec
ognition of the integrity of the Portu
guese colonial dominions and the legiti
macy of Portuguese sovereignty over the
Portuguese possessions. They fujrther
suggested that in the event of Portugal
accepting a proposal concerning a loan
the latter should be guaranteed by the
colonial and custom receipts. The Portu
guese Government then declared that it
had no need for such a loan. and. accord-
Ing to our Information, has no such n«ed
at the- present day."
*+ + ++++++ + + + + + + ¦???¦?-?? + ???
: Pages 13 to 20?
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 38.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
>? 4>v*ff ../|PJ* 4-' * * '4-' *** * * '4" ** * *"*
j Pages 13 to 20 j
++4-++ + + + + +. + ?> + + +'++ 4- +++ + +
The San Francisco CallDr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dosa will stop
a couch. Never uils. Try It. All UrugsrisU.
Accidentally Shot.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 6.— Walter Nichols,
aged 19. died to-day at Pescadero after
having an arm amputated. While young
Nichols was removing a gun from his
boat it was • accidentally discharged and
tho charge took effect In his arm.
That is the question. Are youas strohgas you should be? Are your back and limbs
free from pain ? Have you the strength and vitality which nature intended you to have?
If you have lost it,J. can replace, it My life's study has been the weaknesses of men
which result from youthful errors and lack of proper care* and which later on develop
into Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Lame Back, Seminal Weakness or Varicocele. For
all of these 1 have a sure.and permanent cure, one that is known all over the world as the
' I ; 1 1 1 DR. >?§AN Df§#E; LECTRIC BELT. ; \ W$ i .v"
It has^built^ Up aftepatatidh"u|6ntlJts merits alone—a reputation that has come to
stay. At has its imitations, but no etrOalr My 1900 Model Belt is the very highest degree
of perfection; and with its numerous' patents no one can produce its paraller.
Send for my free botrtC "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all, or call
and examine the appliances. Consultation and advice free. Office hours— 9 to 6:
Sundays, 10 to 1. *^ ' I --ii
r*%F& nr /i 'o /s a/ r^F&iu *® t< - |ird street, saw franciscccal.
BmJf i \ m Mm f-\ m Jh\ i ¥ iLjf E—J iff " 119^ South Spring Street, Los Aageleg, Cal. Rassel BaUding, Porthnd, Or. .
the British wounded, but the proffered
assistance was rejected.
LIVES LOST IN A
TENEMENT FIRE
Three Persons Dead and
Seven Injured.
NEW YORK, Jan- 6— A tenement house
fire In East Ninety-second street early to
day resulted In three deaths and neven
persons being badly Injured. Following
are the dead:
MRS. MART SUTHERL.T, & widow.
FRANK SUTHERLY, 9 years old.
JAMES BUTHERLY, 22 months old,
both sons of Mrs. Sutherly.
The Injured: Harry Sutherly, 6 years
old, critical; Raphael Pitizzo, bruised;
Fire Lieutenant Stone, Fireman Michael
Edran. Michael Sullivan. Charles McCar
thy. Martin O'Leary, overcome by gas
and smoke -
The fire, which started in the cellar, had
paired much lundway before the firemen
armed. A policeman aroused the tenants.
Harry Rutherly was found unconsi-lous In
the hallway on the second Jloor. The boy
had made his way out of the room, but
could pet no farther. It Is thoupht he will
die, as he lnhnled flames. Ladders were
raised by the tiremen and a number of
women and children, who had coll«_'d«->i
ur»on the fire escape on the front of the
building, wore scfely carried down.
Raphael Pitizzo. who lived on the third
floor, took his family of three small chil
dren down the rear flre escape to the sec
ond floor.-- where he was cut off by the
flames. While clinging to the flre escape
he was compelled to pass his children
over a twelve-foot fence, surmounted with
spikes, which separated the tenement
from the adjoining house. His arms were
cut by the spikes, and when he saw the
children all in safety he collapsed and
fell, Hustainlng bad bruipos.
When the firemen were about to enter
the building they found the dead body of
Mrs. Suthrrly lying face down with her
dead baby In her arms. A few feet from
her on the floor lay the half-burned body
of her boy Frank. The damage to the
property is trivial.
The Hamburg . Correspondez doubts
whether this Is the right time for Indig
nation meetings.
The Magdeburp Zeltunjr says: "He who
advocates forcible measures does not
know that Germany In such a conflict
with England would be Isolated, since in
France everybody awaits the moment
Impatiently when a serious quarrel be
tween these two powers will enable her
The Vosslsche Zeituns says: "All the
political parties tn Germany will support
the Government in vigorously protecting
our Interests. The attitude of th^ whol*>
German press shows that. But It would
be foolish to Join in protest meetings at
this stnge." , j ;
The Cologne Gazette says: "It is regret
table that an English cruiser dared to
seize the Bundesrath, but German sober
opinion disavows agitatory measures."
.A fact interesting to note Is that Chap
lain Fry of the English church In Berlin,
British Embassailor Sir Frank C. I^is
cellc? and a committee now call for sub
scriptions for the sick and wounded In
South Africa. A concert Is to be given on
January 9. the proceeds to go toward the
fund. The German Red Cross. Society at
the beginning of the war offered aid to
REMNANTS!
REMNANTS!
Some Good Bargains 1^
Here are a few sample lots:
REMNANTS of our fine finished HENRIETTA CLOTH, evening nnartes. such
as cardinal, pinks, sky and new blues, old rose, nlle, etc., also black; i?
inches wide, regular 40c quality. Now
23c yard for the remnants,
REMNANTS of FANCY BROCATELLE DRESS GOODS, in two-toned col-
orings, nice dark shades, 43 inches wide, wool and mohair mixture, regu-
lar price 35c per yard.
For the remnants 15c per yard.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
We place on our remnant table this week about 150 REMNANTS of RLACK
SILK CREPONS, in waist, skirt and suit lengths, ranging from \^ to 7
or 8 yards. which you can buy for about one-half of their regular price.
During our remnant sale we offer 5-lb. CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS.
size 66x$0, regular price $5.
Special at $3,75 per pair.
» Come early, as we haven't many pairs.
• All our better grades of BLANKETS ar© Bold at reduced prices.
HEMMED HUCK TOWELS.
"With blue and red border, sixe 17x34. well worth 51 50 a dozen.
Special for $1.25 per dozen.
Secure some of these, as they cannot be duplicated.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN TABLE DAMASK.
72 Inches wide, unbleached, was s""*c.
Now 40c per yard.
C 2 Inches wide, unbleached, was Csc,
Now 50c per yard.
64 inches wide, unbleached, was 33c,.
Now 25c per yard.
CHECKED GLASS TOWELING.
17 Inches wide,
' Special at 5c per yard.
DAMASK TABLE NAPKINS.
Size 22 inches, fine value for Jl 50,
Special $100 per dozen.
COMFORTERS IN A GREAT ASSORTMENT FROM Jl XTP.
.. ON SALE AT MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHBSAN,
1220-1222-1224 Market Street.
ENGLAND'S GIFTS
TO HER SOLDIERS
Subscription Funds Are
Growing.
SPREAD OF COAL FAMINE
*
SHIP SEIZURES NOT LIKELY TO
LEAD TO TROUBLE.
Press of London Beginning to Realize
That the Sympathy of Amer- '
lea Is With the
Boers.
?
Cop>Tirht«l, 1900, by the Associated Press
LONDON, Jan. 6.— The passing of an-
other week has apparently effected no
change In the condition of the war In
South Africa. It certainly has not been
productive of any serious developments.
In England the yeomanry are manfully
home, has presented a hood- and', com
forter, knitted with her own hands/ to the
Royal Bucks Hospital.
Dr. A. Conan Doyle's offer to go out
with the Langman field hospital has been
accepted.
Coningsby Ralph . Disraeli, son of the
late Lord Beaconsfield and Conservative
member of Parliament for the Altrlcham
division of Cheshire, has caused amuse*
ment by a remarkable offer to take -a
commission in the Royal Bucks Hussars
on account of this regiment's depletion by
calls to the front, but saying he regrets
that his Parliamentary, duties must Keep
him home.
The secretary of the imperial maritime
customs announces that American cotton
fabrics are gradually ousting British fab
rics ' from the Chinese markets: ; The
Globe, commenting on the bad news from
Lapcashlre. thinks "the hleh tariff Ameri
can manufacturer virtually monopolizes
the home trade and is thus able to reap
large profits in spite of labor being com
paratively cheaper In England."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
the passage of the -personnel bill there
nave been very .few resignations in our
country. I wish your friends every suc
cess to get their pay properly adjusted. I
can say, as a result of our own expe
riences, that patience combined with per-,
sistent efforts will be rewarded at last.
It was a long time before the personnel
bill passed, but we finally secured what
we wanted."
The scarcity of coal continues to such
¦ an -extent -that four Scotch plg-lron fur
naces have shut down. Iron has reached
record prices. It -is believed the strin
gency will be somewhat relieved when the
railroads become less congested with holi
day traffic. The continued calling out of
the reservists has affected the railroads
Morris' Body Found.
Br^r'.al to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 6.— The denom
posed remains of Charles H. Morris, a
painter who has been missing since No
vrtnhcr 4. were found floating in the flood
waters on the bank of the Feather River
to-day. Deceased came to this city from
San Jose last April, and three months
later purchased a paint shop. In Novem
ber he was disappointed in not receiving
a legacy his wife was expecting and when
the couple quarreled one night over his
dependency he left without taking any
•effects with him end was heard from no
more. A bullet wound In the neck In
dicated that he shot himself. The body
has evidently lain In the brush until the
high water of this week brought It to
view. Mrs. Morris has been with her
parents in San Jose dnce he disappeared.
BOERS LEAVE LADYGREY.
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 6.— A dispatch from
Herschel, Cape Colony, reports that
Ladygrey has been deserted by the B<v>rs,
whose families will bo t<> the Orange Free
State. The Boers, according to this dis
patch., are constructing entrenchment*
between Ladygrey and Barkley West.
HALIFAX VOLUNTEERS.
HALIFAX. Nova Srotia. Jan. 6.— Th<>
Halifax Infantry Volunteers left thij
evening to Jnin the Sydney artillery for
the second South African" contingent at
Truro and go thenc»» with them to Quebes
to mobilize. Lnter the batteries will coma
to Halifax for embarkation.
Miners Killed.
BUTTE. 'Mont., Jan. 6.— Mike Pino and
Thomas Pillow, mirrers In the Never
Sweat mine, were blown, to pieces by a
prematurely exploded blast in a drift oa
1800-foot leveL . -
CANADIANS TO THE FRONT.
Lieutenant Colonel Otter, ' who
was in command of the first Can
adian contingent which joined
Lord Methuen early in .December,
has been called to Natal for ser
vice on General Buller's staff.
Colonel S.B. Stoole, lately In com
mand of the mounted police at
Dawson, will lead the battalion of
Canadian "Rough Riders." Lieu
tenant Colonel Lessard will com
mand the battalion of Canadian
Mounted Infantry now about to
sail from Quebec. Lieutenant Col
onel T. B. Evans, lately in com
mand of the mounted police in
Northern British Columbia, is to
bo second in command of the
mounted infantry for South Africa,
Lieutenant Colonel Drury will be
In command of the three batteries
of Royal Canadian Artillery.
The second Canadian contingent
will number 1281 officers and men
with 1234 horses, and will sail about
January 20 directly for Cape Town.
as well as the collieries. According to
one large coal merchant, the miners thor
oughly, realize that a restricted output In
creases wages for less work, and they are
by no means anxious to relieve the situ
ation. In the meanwhile the war i contin
ues to Increase the demand and coal goes'
up. The gas companies are reaping huge,
profits as a result.
At a cost of £420,000, Birmingham has
bought from a private corporation- the
city's supply of electricity. In ISS6 the
city sold It. but now. believing that even
at such advanced figures It will yield a
large substantial profit. It has bought it
back.
Cardinal Vaughan has notified tta« Cath
olic Bishops of England, to keep January
34 as a day of special prayer for those en
gaged in the war.
Instances of private benevolence In be
half of the soldiers are heard everywhere.
In one of the must fashionable houses oh
Groavanoc, square, occupied by tho Misses
Keyser, the whole ground flnor has been
fitted up as a hospital. It will accommo
date sixty wounded men. The Duke of
Norfolk has arranged to recoivo a number
of Invalids at Arundel Castle, and among
others who have given up their country
residences for the use of the wounded aro
Lady Wolseley, the Duke of Somerset and
Lady Lbder. Princess Christian's elab
orate hospital, train, built at a cost of
£10,000, was shipped to South Africa to
day.
The Queen, not forgetful of those at
contending with the difficulties of the rid
ing school, which Is putting their patriot
ism to the test of falls on the tanbark
and other Inconveniences.
Coal Is getting dearer dally, and the
funds for the "absent-minded beggars"
and others are swelling by the thousands
Into proportions of unheard-of munifi
cence, while the papers, when not magni
fying indecisive skirmishes into brilliant
successes, devote casual attention to the
difficulties which have arisen over the
seizure of cargoes bound for Lourenzo
Marquez. In the latter respect the
Bundesrath incident almost monopolizes
the attention, the seizure of American
flour being relegated to a very subsidiary
position and not being taken as having
the slightest possibility of producing in
ternational friction.
On the whole, the British press has
taken a calm view of the German seizure
matter and has refused to be led Into re
plying In kind to the bitter comments tel
egraphed from Germany. In this the pa
pers merely voice the feeling of the Gov
ernment, for at the Foreign Office not the
slightest anxiety is felt regarding the ac
tions so far taken against the alleged con
traband, -though that question in the ab
stract causes no end of cogitation, but
more regarding the effect the present dif
ficulties will have upon future events than
by thepress of contemporaneous difficul
ties. The British Government believes it
has a good case against the Bundesrath;
but both in this instance and In the case
of the American flour the Government
holds that absolutely nothing definite can
be done until details . have been learned.
Even then the fine points of law must be
settled by the carelul deliberation of ex
perts. In the meantime It is possible the
Government may deem it advisable to
make declarations regarding contraband,
especially foodstuffs. Such a step is quite
problematical. To quote an American
diplomat in London, who, after reading
the cabled account that the United States^
insistence upon her rights might cause
trouble, said:
"How in the world do they think such
a complicated point of law can be settled
or cause any serious disagreement be
tween people so friendly as the 'United
Stutes and England?"
Commenting upon the American feeling,
the Saturday Review says: "We fear no
accurate presentment of the real feeling
of the United States regarding the war
reaches this country, but there is no doubt
the balance Is against us. The adminis
tration organs and financial organs are
still strongly with us. but the latter are
beginning to waver, because the war Is
beginning to injure trade. It must not
be forgotten how completely the adminis
tration ip in the hands of the great finan
ciers and trust companies." . .
The arrival in tho United Kingdom of
five United States Government doctors to
Inspect shipping bound to America for bu
bonic plague has created some astonish
ment, as the ppecial precautions against
the plague were given up last month at
most of tho European ports, while no case
has ent^rtd an English harbor. At Hull,
one of the ports not assigned a doctor, a
severe . outbreak of smallpox is raging,
which, so one United States Consul in
formed a representative of tho Associated
Preps, possessed far more danger than
the bubonic plapue.
Admiral Melville writes to the Globe
congratulating It on Its efforts to secure
higher pay for naval engineers, saying: •
"We have had the experience In this
country of the loss of some of our very
best men among the engineers, for the
reason that private firms are -willing to
pay so much better compensation. Since
GREAT BRITAIN
IN THE WRONG
Germany's View on Ship
Seizures.
NO CONTRABAND ABOARD
— — «- ,
ANGER OVER THE ACTION NOT
ABATED.
Press Deplores the Isolation of the
Fatherland, Which Necessitates X
Avoidance of a Serious ! ?.
• . ¦ • Quarrel.. .
Copyrighted, 1300, by the Associated Prwi*.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— The excitement occa
sioned by the seizures of German mail
steamers by British crullers Increases and
overtops everything else.' Even ths open
ing of the Prussian Diet on the coming
'Tuesday Is dwarfed thereby. In spit* of
the strongest current of popular antl-
Brltlsh sentiment, the German govern
ment Btill honestly tries to continue Its
course of loyal neutrality, but anxlousry
awaits favorable British action regarding
the seizures which the government and
nation both regard as unjustified.
The government has ascertained with
out a shadow of doubt that the Bundes
rath was seized on strfctly neutral terri
tory, within a radius belonging by Inter
national, law to the Portuguese colony.
Thereby, the action of the. British cruiser
Magiclenne was ctearly wrong, as here
contended. The news that Great Britafn
has released the steamer General, seized
at Aden, is here construed as Great Brit
ain's backing down. ¦. '• v»<
. Inofficial circles to-day. the hope was ex
pressed that Great Britain would admit
she. was wrong after detailed and compre
hensive proofs were submitted at London.
Part of these proofs are the bills of lading
of the Bundesrnth, the General and the
Herzog. showing that the German East
African line was most particular to ex
clude all chances of Its vessels containing
contraband. The Bundesrath is shown to
have had on ¦ board forty-two passengers
for Delagon Bay. comprising twelve Por
tuguese, of whom several were govern
ment officials; two former. Austrian and
one former German army officer. The
test were civilians. This line Is subsidized
by Germany to the amount of 900.000
marks nnnually.
The action of the Colonial Society In
further inflaming publfc- opinion la con
demned by a large part. of. the press^ The
Freissinnige Zeltung Bays: - - •
"The president of the Colonial Society
Is the repent of Mecklenberg-Schwerln.
Does he deem It compatible with his post
tlon to ÜBS such language toward a friend
ly power?" . .• ;.
BLACK LIST REMOVED.
Good News for the Shipwrights at
Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Jan. 6.— Senator Luchsingfr
to-day received a dispatch from Senator
George C. Perkins informing him that the
Navy Department has Issued an order re
moving the black list from the ship-
wrights at Mare Island Navy-yard. This
dispatch was in response to a question as
to the status of the matter made by Sen
ator Luchsinger. It will bo gratifying
news not alone to the shipwrights but to
the people of Vallejo as well.
ADVERTISEMENT*
NEGROES TORTURED BY A
GERMAN ARMY OFFICER
Captain Yon Dannenberg Must Answer
Before the Reichstag to Charges of
Extreme Brutality.
BERLIN. Jan. 6.— A worse case than that of Prince Arenberg, charged
with killing a subordinate In South Africa without provocation and fiendishly
torturing his victim while dying. Is pending in German East Africa, the cul
prit boir.g Captain yon Dannenberg of the colonial troop?, who ordered sev
eral blacks 6hot and a number of others beaten to death amid tortures. The
case will be brought up In the Reichstag form.
RELEASED FROM
REBEL PRISONS
MAY PROCEED
AGAINST WRIGHT
All American Captives
Are Safe.
Union Bank Securities
Missing.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— Official confir- i
nation has come from both General Otis :
and Admiral Watson of the rirst reports :
cf the release of the American prisoners j
vho have btt-n held by the Filipinos for '
many month?, and there Is no longer any :
doubt that Lieutenant Gilimore of the
Vorktown is among them. General Otis'
dif-rw.ch reads as follows:
Fpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— The board of di
rectors of the delunct Union Savings
D&nk yesterday afternoon instructed its
attorneys, Messrs. Hatch and Rea, to con
fer w!ih District Attorney Campbell ami
see if Word Wright, who was president of.
the institution at the time it failed, could
MA.NIUA. Jan. t.-i ne rntcnen now en
route from V.g^n arrive to-r.irht. and a ll?t of
thorn will be teicgrkph«d to-morrow. Lieuten
ant Otltmore ia amor.c the number. OTIS.
The dispatch of Admiral Watson Is as
follows:
MANILA. Jan. 5. — Colonels Hare and Howse
}:ave recar-tured all of the American prisoners.
Including Gilimore. They ire now at Vigan.
WATUON.
The sweeping statements made In the
«2ispatches to the effect that all of the
American prisoners have been released
lias aroused a hope that In the list will
appear the names of some of the officers
find privates In the army who are set
down on the army rolls as missing.
2'rominent among the missing army ofli
crrs la Major Charles 11. Rockefeller of
the Ninth Infantry. This officer advances
Vieyond the lines during the lierce lighting
tf'arly last summer. He dlsappered com
pletetjr and no trace of his body was ever
l'»und.
It i> gathered from General Otis' report
that the released men have been sent by
l>oat across Lingrayen Gulf to Dasrupnn.
i • the northern extremity of the railroad,
about a day's Journey from Manila.
QUARANTINE MEASURES
AT PHILIPPINE PORTS
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6-The President
has issued an executive order relative to
quarantine regulations for the ports in
the Philippine Islands. The order recites
that to prevent the Introduction of epi
demic diseases the act of 1&33 and the
rule* frame>d thereunder shall have full
force in the Islands, with additional reg
ulations. These require that vewels en
tering and clearing from any Philippine
port shall be examined by officers of the
Marine Hospital service. Details of offl
ceni for that purpose have been already
made for the ports of Manila and Hollo,
*.nd will be made for the Remaining ports
¦us r.ipidly as possible-. These officers shall
have authority over Incoming vessels. In
cluding army transports and non-combat
ive phips of the navy, and no entries shall
be permitted without quarantine certifi
cates.
Ships clearing for United Btates porta
phall take out bills of health, after com.
plying with all quarantine regulations,
end s^aid bills may be signed by a Col
lector? of Customs In the absence of a
rnediral officer. The medical officer at
Manila shall be the chief quarantine offi
cer and make all appointments, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The Marine Hospital Bervlce rules ehall
apply as far as applicable and the ex
penses of the quarantine service shall be
charged against the Island revenues, not
to exceed $300,000 per annum. The epi
demic fund is to be reimbursed from tne
Jsland r-ce!pis for the cost of disinfecting
appliances and material already ordered
to be forwarded to the Island.
STEAMSHIP VICTORIA
TOWED TO MANILA
not be Indicted for purloining securities
from the bank. This was made public at
a meeting of depositors this morning by
I'rtsident Rea of the bank, who said such
action was unanimously taken at the
meeting of the directors yesterday. It is
said that the securities that are missing
are in the shape of mining stock that was
put up us security for a JIUOU note of W. F.
Koss.
• A meeting of depositors who have not
yet sued the bank was held in Sleeper
Hall this morning. About 150 were pres
ent. William Vinter presided as chair
man and N. B. Wretma-ii was secretary.
A ieport of the committee appointed to
>-e«r 11 a pettlenient of the baiiK'a affairs
could rot be brought about without suing
was read, it staled that atler a careful
Investigation the asseis of tne institution
had been estimated as follows: Good and
collcciiLle notes secured by mortgage,
J2<"»4,SUJ 5T>; good and collectible note*, *iu4,-
I>Z6; real estate owned by bank, ix'4\),'iM;
solvent order drafts, $71,500; cash on hand,
£s,uCo; total assets, j.'.-i.Xs:;*- Jw. There are
lO.wu shares In the bank's stock. and if the
assessment of J7O per share levied is col
lected on one-half of the stock, which
*!iiuunt is declared solvent, it would bring
in %„¦:-¦•:, winch added to assets would
Hive nearly JSMJ.OuO to pay an indebtedness
of (761.000. The report indorsed the action
of board of directors having the liquida
tion of the bank in charye, and recom
mended that all stockholders who should
pay the $70 per share assessment be re
leased from all further liaoiluy. The
committee stated that seventeen stock
holders, representing about 1000 share*,
wire willing to pay assessment.
This view was not taken by a vast ma
jority of thobe present and the meeting
became a lively one. The old straw that
has been thrashed at former meetings
was worked over again.
Attorney S. G. Tompklns addressed the
meeting in behalf of some of the stock
holders, and asked the depositors to be
lenient in thtir demands, lie said the
stockholders acted fairly, and eaid they
had offered to turn over the bank's as
sets to the depositors and give them be
lies $150,000 II released from all claims
and liability. He thought the offer. should
be accepted, and linaliy raised the bonus
to $175,0u0.
This caused a general storm. President
Kea was seated in the room and he was
called on to state wh«n another dividend
would b« declared. He said the deposit
ors were sure to recover all their de
posits. A dividend of 10 per cent would
be declared probably by the £uth of this
month, and not later than February 1. Ho
denounced Ward Wright as a scoundrel
and said the bank had been robbed His
speech was a characteristic one of the ex
polltlcal boss, lie scored Attorney Tomp
kins and others and praised himself and
family, lie stated Attorney Welch, who
represents the organized depositors, was
conniving with some of the stockholders
and If it had not been for himself and
others the attorney would have let the
bank's stock be sold for assessments
levied to the bank and the depositors
would have lost every cent they had.
J. Letter, a heavy stockholder, then
criticized Rea's management of the bank.
He said in the year elapsed the expenses
of the bank had been excessive and noth
ing- was accomplished.
MANILA. Jan. 6— The British steamer
Victoria, Captain Blakeley, arrived hero
to-<say in tow. The Victoria left San
Francisco on October 17 for Honolulu and
Manila. She was rpoken on November 'j
in latitude 19 north, longitude 159 east.
proceeding under sail, having broken her
Fhnft.
Thf United States collier Brutus has ax
rived here from Ouam. Lad rone Islands.
LAWTON FUND NEARLY
FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
At noon a recess was taken till 1
o'clock. At the opening Attorney
Felknea stated there appeared to be a
desire on the part of some of the deposit
ors to compromise, and he moved that It
be the sense of the meeting that fco per
cent of the amount of bank accounts be
accepted by depositors for claims in full
provided the money be paid In ninety
days, or good security be given by stock
holders. President Rea asked tho^e
present to vote against the motion and
support the directors In getting the full
amount due them. The motion to com
promise was voted down unanimously.
The committee's report recommending
that all stockholders who paid the J7i)
assessment be released from further lia-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6— The total sub
scriptions to the Lawton fund to date
amount to S4M33 32. of which nearly $3000
•was: received this morning. General Cor
bln says that although active efforts to
increase the fund havn ceasoil, voluntary
contributions will bv accepted tip to tho
time of Mr?. Lawton's arrival at San.
Franri?oo. about the 1st nrox.
I blllty and the support of the meeting: be
given to directors was carried unanl
mously.
Adjournment was then taken.
E CHARLES MEIKCCKC ftCO.^
Z *y*w. "•C"TS M CiftC COA4T y-/* 22
14ggg<p2. HALL'S KELNVIGORATOR
£i£iT'' : *t: y - ve tur.dred reward rsr a=j
if ' "JJ ease we cannct cure. This secret
7 « * V retnedjr ctopa all lesaea la •*?
»i* hSf' •'-.-». «'-rrs Emissions. Irapo-
Iliil EVi I ter.cy. Varlcocele. Goncrrhcea,
•Ijgaj K&. Oleet. Fits. Btrlcturea. Lost
.¦jr^—JjSC Wanhood and all wasting effects
.... ? <<f self-abus» or cxcnMi. Sent
••alea. v bottle; S bottles. fS; guaranteed tv
fHL'PXf*** Address HALL-g MEDICAL IN-
tTITLTE. K5 Broadway. Oakland. CaL Alii
xcr cal* at lrcr* Market St.. 8. F. All private
Ciat»M» curefi. Eend tor trtm book, •
° SPEEDILY RELIEVES ALL o
NERVOUS TROUBLES!!
? _ o
\ M^i\ Men and Women, s
\ c ure d- i
« jmgy •"•t* r 5- v »5 ~^TOI " yur nervous system Is letting down or not. O
O y < *• \ T'-x I— Headaches, jriddlness. dlnlness. ?
? OT &. { Vj \ -fjPffM Fl^. 2— Paleness, emaciation, hollow eyes. O
Ok.O k. A w* U. \ \H 4 fig- 3 — Choklnir sensations, short-winded. ?
'&i,^, t"~» . \ * mF^f F'-z 4 — Irregular fluttering cf h^art, palplta- q
%£>* 'L, /-~" W I jS^53 Flif. B— lndlrestlon. loss of appetite, blcatlnp. q
? (&l*O *~V '^3?^3 * rr ' — Inactlv * H Hr,v *r, pain, costlveness.
¦S& i*'*2*HE&l These conditions may t» the result of w»alc _
? KS 'Bg^L'?, V/A-aaßlß cnn HUDTAN cur--. for HUDYAN °
r^> strengthens the nerves and nerve center*. *
? V^^y- V***^SC*Vi« The rr.lnd :<> us-ja;iy first to show evidence of O
0 y^^v^?3^^*L?^\"' jPx&i r.erv* weakness. The memory Is Impaired. th« ?
? >cJ&- ? '' : **~>/%?%F Intellect t^ro-ie^ clouded. You become despond- O
O &v&Lyr/&&& *^H£.^f&£ * r ' ir^ roelar.choly. you thun society, you {•»- «
« (f( f / viBAB^^fSSCV &''F\ come nervous. rrv-ro«». Irritable, and ar- unable o
O %//, % £s3GmSRS&pPP&K ¦ [ft > '¦ '-'''¦>' rourwlf. Perhaps you wer- of a Joy-
? '/ fli^X£*!£** i !l***£EP*k ' - '¦ * v '- aIJ( J 8"y <!!sr>osttlon; you are now sad and rt
'/ /;*iafe-y&;iJ^S^L »oto»r. I'nnatural fears take possession of your V
y \-^~j VrStJjr-yi.'^ tSSV ' ' : Tour »:rer.;'h Is lost, your back rains *
» \£?ir^fr&lz : J&'23t2SK '¦' : n "' ; <<; w * ak - v"v "' jr ¦'••P '» Interrupted by °
wSfasQaSflu&EKjiuL r.crrld dreams, and you awake In the morning ?
° ' " WOMEX ' Disorder*, weaknesses, pains ?
? »lirv'3^3lS'ii3Er3j*tflr\ r '" ' ;l ' a?I r " peculiar to women alone »et O
° flSl^PffiaHK '< HI ' I)TAX l 5 - h * greatest earthly booa lo 4
O B&TLMsiSGii&wSfl&f^S^^^ Simple neri-ous dis-yrdsrs often lead to Apo- 9
? l^f«PaS«^BMß's?rV%j) l' % ' rr HH ' art n!«»ape. You ran avert such Z,
U&**^- Tifi^- 1 " -^ dancers ry taklrc HUDTAN. F.very one who O
? K/'U- -^ * VT**^ ' rrdjeed In strength and nervous vigor, should ?
X^ HL'IjYAN-at' drug stores— 6oc packag«, six 4
? *M **-m*J--J ClC "Tl nM - » Tour druwl.t <lo»i n« kwp O
0 MB L\ r d <Slr ' rt t0 HUDTAN REMEDY CO.. cor. a
-=^ S A rj^T ?**t EII: * and Marke t streets, Saa Fran- q
o Sft ?
en end Womer, Advised — Fre« of ?
0 r zy %in\£smuoc.) c c r ha v;7,:e. consult Hudyoi > Doctor - ca " ?
1 °
: Palace and :
: Grand Hotels :
? For nearly a rjuarter of a century th» ?
? leadlns hotels on th? PaciSc Coast. ?
? With adde'J iracir^venients and con- ?
? vemences they continue to be the head- ?
quarters for tourists and Travelers vis- «
Itlnz San Francisco. •- »
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRrCK. '?
? Manager. «
[ATAiSi,OOO IN CASH FREE
i 1 ! Can you arranr* thes<s U
R O M b><l '•«*» so w»t will t?m tta
__!__;__: tltls t(1 o? the best story ?a-
Oa v i r«rs In the '.an^!? l: so. you maty
V« ft share lr. the -llstrtimtion of llOfw
i j ' which win b» rl\-«r. for doing a
Hi P l_ ' lutl * wcrk iOT U3 - Ia *rransin3
¦_•¦__' ' th<? tp "*"- «3« them caly as
wTSpTmI Iran y tban ts th»y arr^ar. ana
T I T i N i no letter can b~ us<^l which doea
: ¦ not ap^^ar. This ac 4 other most
literal offers are ir.ade to IN-
TRODUCE one of the ciort lr.ter»stlnff month!*
story papers In tt» United Stat»s an»l Canada.
The Current tana <?or.taln» S> STOKIEL3 and %
co^y -will bo SE^CT FP.E3 to each person as-
swertn* this adverttsem-nt. Try an<i g»t youp
thare of the JlijW. We do cot war.: any of
TOUR money. W> would l!i» you t> usa a pos^
tal when answering this, with th- solutloi
plainly written, ar.d y->ur address In full Tou
win hear from ::s by P-ETTUR^r MAIL. A.lr!r»n*
THE PAUAGON- MO?^TIILY. 22 N'ortii WliLta
Street. New Tcrit C.ty. K. T.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 SPECIAL SALE OF 1
« I
I Blankets 1
I Blankets j
I Blankets j
§ Prior to Our Annual Inventory |
§ on January 31 g
5 ?
$
| 100 pairs BABY BLANKETS (Cotton), Kfk p 5
- a pair CIV/I/ &
o '**
573 pairs 10-4 WHITE COTTON BLAN- H\Z n |
5 KETS at, a pair • cIU g
% 4O pairs 10-4 WHITE COTTON (PA f\f\ »
« -BLANKETS at, a pair ipI«UV/|
•? £
a 5O pairs WOOL BLANKETS, cot- (PO CA ?
g ton warp, at, a pair $2.00 and %PjU*V\J%
~ 38 pairs 11-4 WHITE COTTON <PQ Cf\ §
•¦ BLANKETS at, a pair... 53.00 and <pO«OV/ g
2 $
9 150 pairs 10-4 WHITE ALL-WOOL %
6 CALIFORNIA BLANKETS at, a G*B RA *
o pair 53.50, 54.50. $5.50 and OU.UV/ |
£ 60 pairs 11-4 WHITE ALL-WOOL QA CA §
2 CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, a pair O*±.t)U g
g 5
B 36 pairs 11-4 WHITE ALL-WOOL QO AA ?
5 CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, a pair 3>O.UU|
| 73 pairs 11-4 WHITE ALL-WOOL (Q AA |
" CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, a pair 3>O.UU o
5 90 pairs 11-4 WHITE ALL-WOOL (fci A AA ±
D CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, a pair OIV.UU £
• * g
| SOILED. |
About 100 pairs fine WHITE CALIFORNIA |
D WOOL BLANKETS, slightly soiled from show- |
p ing in windows, will be sold at a reduction of «»
ONE-THIRD OFF REGULAR PRICES. |
1 C. CURTIN, i
I 911 and 913 MARKET STREET. |
m. TELEF»HO!SE SOUTH 200. 0.
A '9
WOULD REWARD
NAVAL OFFICERS
Secretary Long's Note
to Congress.
PRESENT SYSTEM UNJUST
URGES THAT OTHEB METHODS
BE SUBSTITUTED.
It Is Pointed Out That Captains Who
Participated in the Santiago
Battle Have Been Un
fairly Treated.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— Secretary
Long: has addressed the following letter
to the chairmen of the- committees on
naval affairs of the Senate and House,
embodying the department's latest views
as to the method of rewarding: naval of
ficers who participated In the destruction
of Cervera's fleet off Santiago:
Sir: The department has the honcr to suggest
that the present system of rewarding officers
of the navy and marine corps for "eminent and
conspicuous conduct in battle and extraordinary
heroism," under the provisions, respectively, of
sections l><i and ltiCi of the Revised Statutes,
has been found to be unsatisfactory, since tn
Its Impractical application it operates un*ti3tly. j
and In some Instances defeats the purpose to: i
which It was devised. At the present time
some officers who rendered distinguished serv- |
Ices during the war with Spain have, in recog
nition thereof, been advanced upon the list:
others remain without reward of any kind: I
ethers still, by the curious operation of the ex- I
lstlng system, find themselves in lower relative
positions than they occupied before the war of j
1599, In which they so gallantly participated.
An Illustration of the objectionable operation
of the present method of rewards is afforded by
the case of Captain Charles E. Clark. U. S. N..
who commejided the Oregon during the memor
able run of that vest-el from Paciflc to Atlantic
waters and at the battle of Santiago, and ><?t.
owing to the promotion over him of Captains !
Gridley, Coghlan and Dyer, for their eminent
and conspicuous conduct in the battle of Manila
Bay, Is to-day two numbers — and If Captain
Gridley had survived would b« three numbers —
lower on the list than If the war had never oc
curred.
Vigilance, prudence and capacity, unremit
ting and sustained, wisely meeting as they
successively arise the countless details of the
management of a battleship, establishing and
maintaining the morale essential to good woris
and bringing the vessel Into effective action at
a critical time are qualities which entitle an
officer to share In rewards. If any are given,
for distinguished naval service. These qualities
were exhibited In a high degn?e by the officers
participating In the battle of Manila, who have
been rewarded by advancement on the navy
list. They were also exhibited by other officers,
particularly those who so conspicuously and
meritoriously participated In the battle of San
tiago, and yet have not In any way been re
warded.
Where officers have bravely anJ with jealous
patriotism acquitted themselves In difficult cir
cumstances with uniform success an analytical
comparison of their respective achievements ib
practically impossible, since all the varied cir
cumstances of the several cases can hardly be
taken into full and accurate account. It Is,
however, deemed to be the duty of the depart
ment to bring to the attention of with the rec
ommendation that early action be taken by Con.
gress the matter of the general question of the
inadequacy of the present system of rewards
and to request that remedy Is to fixed In the
provisions of certain measures now before Con
trress. One of these— that is Senate bill 230.
Fifty-sixth Congress, first session— provides
that the advancement of the rank of officers
of the navy and marine corps for war service
shall not Interfere with the regular promotion
of officers otherwise entitled thereto. This
measure is similar to Senate bill £ovo. Pirty
fifth Conrress, third session, which was pre
pared by the department, and has, I am in
formed, already passed the Senate at its pres
ent session, and if enacted Into law will in the
case above cited, for example, hay* the effect
of restoring to the officer concerned the num
bers lost by advancements heretofore made
under the present system.
The others of these Is Senate bill 50C3. Fifty
fifth Conzress, third session, "Provldlne for
suitable rewards for officers and men of the
navy and marine corps for exceptional an.l
meritorious service In the line of duty." This
measure is believed to afford a satisfactory
substitute for the present method of rewards.
would enable the department to confer upon
the officers above referred to the medal therein
designated as the "honor medal." with its at
tendant advantages and benefits, and would, it
Is thought, provide equitable recognition in
the cases cf other officers of the navy en
titled thereto by reason of exceptional servica
In the line of duty.
In consideration of the Importance of this
general question the department urgently re
quests that it may receive ruch early attention
of the committee as Its convenience will sug
gest. Very respectfully,
JOHN D. LONG. Secretary.
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
KEAIi; T AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled mad renovated. KINO WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to ll U day
15 to 18 week: U to 120 month. Freo baths; hoi
atd cold wat*r erery room: nrt crates to every
room; elevator runs all nlshu
WHEN A MAN
IS CURED
AND STRENGTHENED —
He is a living advertisement for the doctors who made him !
well. This fact accounts in part for the. high reputation of j
DR. MEYERS & CO. These successful specialists for all
diseases and weakness of men have made more permanent
cures during the past nineteen years than all the other doctors
in America have made in half a century.
PRIVATE mo incuradlb CORRESPOND-
BOOK cmses -r^icerv. tftCE
TOR MEN CONFIDENTIAL.
SENT SEALED /^^^^^^^SS>v ALL CLRES
AND FREE. / Kj.|e_ | YCnb^B A PERMANENT.
HOVE CURES— \\^§[ A j^^lil^-/ LARGEST
WRITE FOR «^^^4^^^^^^ MEDICAL
DIAGNOSIS INSTITUTION
FREE CONSULTATION.
SHEET, ETC harmless remedies IN AMERICA.
THEIR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
f~^~*~Any one doubting the ability of DR. MEYERS & CO.
j to cure any case of lost manhood, private diseases, kidney,
bladder and similar diseases may deposit the price in any bank
in San Francisco, where it may remain till cure is effected.
If patients prefer, they may pay in monthly installments.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only specialists on the Pacific
Coast who cure diseases and weakness of men exclusively.
They hare the largest staff of physicians and surgeons, the best equipped
medical institution and the most extensive practice in America
Dili MlllKo & UUn iul San Francisco.
TAKE ELEVATOB. Hours, Bto 5 daily ; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays 9to 11.
$69:22
FOR 3 ROOMS OAK FURNITURE.
BEDROOM FHT 2 Pir:CF<? 1 Rrw~K"iri» *
t^uT; SSS&KSF OAK cx t E n S ion
KITf-ITKN. NO. 7 STOVE AND BOX. 1 PAT
ENT KITCHEN TABLE AND ! CHAIRS
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLT GIVEN*
Also full line of CARPETS from «oc* up.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Opp. Union Square, cor. Powell
Open evenlnjrs. Free delivery Oakland Ala-
Eieda and Berkeley.
HER FEELINGS INJURED.
General Wheeler's Niece Sues for
Breach of Promise.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— Miss Etta Thomas,
a niece of General Joe Wheeler, began
suit to-day against William H. Fahrney,
asking $100,000 damages for alleged breach
of promise to marry.
It Is alleged that Fahrney. who Is treas
urer of a large patent medicine manu
factory and reputed to be wealthy, has
been engaged to Miss Thomas for over
four years, but that recently he broke
off the engagement on the ground that
his parents desired him to marry another
woman. Miss Thomas" father is said to
be the owner of large Interests In coal
mines near Peru. 111.
The annual production of cheese In this
country Is about 250.000.000 pounds.
EDITOR BIRD IS
CHARGED WITH LIBEL
District Attorney Harlow Indicted by
the Arizona Grand Jury on a
Charge of Kidnaping.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON. Jan. 6.— Allen T. Bird, editor
of the Oasis, has been indicted by the
Territorial Grand Jury for criminal libel
against Sheriff Tom Broderlck of Santa
Cruz County. The Territorial Grand
Jury, in session at Nogales. has returned
an indictment against District Attorney
Willis P. Harlow of Santa Cruz County
on the charge of kidnaping. The al
leged offense was committed some time
ago and was the subject of investigation
by former grand juries. The persons al
leged to have been kidnaped were turned
over to and afterward shot by the Mexi
can Govrnment.
m
Killed at a Dance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho. Jan. 6.— Last night while
a dance was in progress at Council Val
ley Sam Harpham and Dan Moore got
!nto a difficulty over a question in relation
to their dancing numbers, as a result of
which Moore fired three shots at Harp
ham, one taking effect In the latter's
breast. He died In about thirty minutes.
Harpham was considered a bad character.
No Danger From Flood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 6.— Many sensa
tional rumors have been In circulation
about breaks of levees on the west bank
of the Sacramento and immense volumes
of flood water that threatened all the
tule lands In the Colusa and Yolo basin.
A Call representative investigated these
rumors to-day and ascertained that all
reports have been greatly exaggerated.
Want Solano Divided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Jan. 6.— During the last
session of the Legislature an effort was
made by a few farmers In Northern So
lano to secede and be annexed to Yolo
County. The bill failed, but another ef
fort will be made at the next session.
EXTRADITION REFUSED.
Governor Kogers Decides That Arm
strong Is Not a Fugitive.
SEATTLE. Jan. 6.— Governor Rogers to
day refused to honor the requisition of
Governor Tanner of Illinois for the extra
dition of William Armstrong and his al
leged wife on a charge of adultery. Ha
held that the papers did not show the de
fendants to be fugitives for the reason,
that It appeared that their alleged crime
was known to tha Chicago authorities
months before they left Chicago and no
effort was made to prosecute them, and
that Armstrong had been in custody in
Seattle months before he was arrested oa
the adultery charge.
Armstrong was arrested in this Stat<»
last July en the charge of conspiring to
defeat public justice of Chicago. At that
time the Governor honored the requisition
of Governor Tanner, but Armstrong sued
out a writ of habeas corpus. He was sub
sequently ordered released by the Su
preme Court, and then the effort was
made to extradite him on the adultery
charge. ¦»
SWEIGERT LEFT MONEY
TO DEFEND HIS WILL
Novel Defense of His Executor, Who
Is Charged With Misappro
priating Funds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— The deposition of
Jonathan Swelgert, whose petition lo ad
minister on the estate of his father. Adam
Sweigert, raised a vigorous opposition
from the other heirs and brought forth
charges of lack of integrity and misap
propriating of funds was taken to-day be
fore a notaTy public at the instance of
Carrie Sweigert. a niece, and other heirs
of the estate. Judge Slack of San Fran
cisco conducted the questioning.
Jonathan Sweigert stated that from 1534
he and his family resided with his father
and looked after the old gentleman. He
conducted all his business and gave him
the rent and profits of the estate. His
father gave his wife from $600 to $700 per
month to pay the household expenses,
and told her if she wanted more to ask for
it. He stated that he had $37,500 belonging
to the estate in the Bank of California.
His father had given him this amount to
divide among the heirs after his death,
provided they did not raise a fuss over
the provisions of the will. One-third of
this was to go to Mrs. Caroline Schmoll.
one-third to be divided among the children
of Adam Sweigert Jr., deceased, and the
other third to himself. In case there were
any objections to the will, then his father
told him to expend the $37,50) In flghtlne
for his will. Testator seldom had a bank
account, but at times kept sums as hign ai
$20,000 In a tin box at home.
When the Kearny street property was
sold for $37,000 one-half was put In the
Bank of California and half in the Nevada
Bank, but the latter was subsequently
withdrawn and distributed among the
children. Witness received $10,000 of it,
Mrs. Schmoll $5000. Mrs. Jonathan Sweifj
ert $10,000. George Sweigert $5000 and the
children of Adam Sweigert Jr. $5000. and
one of Jonathan Sweigert's daughters
$1500.
Manitoban Ministry Resigns.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Jan. 6.— A Winnipeg
(Manitoba) special to the Plonecc Press
says: Premier Greenway and Cabinet re
signed office this evening, following their
defeat at the polls on December 7 last.
The Lieutenant Governor has called for
Hon. Hugh John Macdonald to organize
a new Cabinet. It will probably consist
of Mr. Macdonald as Premier and Attor
ney General; R. P. Roblln, Minister of
Public Works; J. A. Davidson. Secretary,
and two other members without port
folios. The bye-elections will come on at
once.
To restore frozen vegetables place them
In cold water for an hour or two.
MICHIGAN STATE
OFFICIALS INDICTED
Series of Sensations Sprung by the
Grand Jury of Ingham
! County.
LANSING. 311 eh., Jan. 6.— The Ingham
County Grand Jury, which created a se
ries of sensations by bringing bills of In
dictment charging several State officer*
with flagrant criminal offenses, adjourned
to-day, the term of office of Circuit Jud^e
Person, who summoned the jury, having
expired. In their final report to the court
the Jurors said:
Our entire session has been devoted to in
vestigation of State and legislative depart
ments. Certain offenses against the laws have
been discovered and Indictments found. Other
misdemeanors partially examined Into have not
been fully lnvestieated, for the reason that to
have done so would have required the abandon
ment of the cases In hand.
The following are the persons who have
been Indicted and the offenses alleged:
Edrard J. Adams. Speaker of the House of
Representatives, two Indictments for bribery
William A. French, State Land Commissioner
offering bribes. ¦.
Charles H. Pratt, agent for a law book con
cern, offering bribes.
Po R nXr ce B n o t ricuTn, D br. J be, JUdSOn Hamla ° nd *
Fred A. MaynanJ. ex-Attorney General mis
demeanor, in retaining part of his chief clerk"s
salary.
Will L. White, fiuartermaster general. Col
onel Harold A. Smith, assistant quartermas
ter, Arthur F. Marsh, adjutant general and
chairman of the State Republican Central Com
mittee, and Ell R. Sutton, Regent of the Uni
versity of Michigan and member of Governor
Plnsree's military staff, charged with aliened
fraud and embezzlement in connection with
the sale and alleged repurchase of military
supplies.
One or more persons besides Sutton were
Indicted to-day, but their names are not
positively known as yet. These will be ar
raigned on Monday. All the others ap
peared for arraignment excepting General
White, who has departed. All the mili
tary men indicted were appointees of the
Governor, but it is regarded as settled
that the Governor has no knowledge of
the alleged frauds.
RANCHES INUNDATED.
Damage Done by the Sudden Bise of
the Salinas River.
MONTEREY. Jan. 6.— The report comes
from Salinas River that the country round
the mouth of the river for several miles Is
inundated, causing serious damage to
farmers In that locality. The fall of the
river, produced by the cessation of the
rain, has changed the swift current into
one of Insufficient power to cut a way
through the bar at the mouth, and a
heavy back water is the result. The
Cooper and Mqro Cojo ranches are from
five to six feet under water and some of
the ranch houses in the district are full
of water to a depth varying from three to
five feet. Several small houses have been
moved by the overflow of water. Boats
have been in use for two days to rescue
the inhabitants from their uncomfortable
positions. No loss of life is reported, but
the damage to property Is considerable.
It is also reported that the dam at the
river's mouth, caused by the sand-bar. Is
giving way. und it Is hoped the flood will
soon subside.
A thousand acres of beets in this section
that have not been harvested, owing to
lack of cars to transport them to Spreck
els sugar factory at Salinas, have prob
ably been ruined by the flood, and if this
proves the case It means a loss of about
$15,000 to the ranchers. The beet growers
still hope, however, that If the water sub
sides at once the ground will dry before
the beets, become rotten. Reports from
all along the river state a rapid fall of
water since the rain stopped.
Bryan Talks at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Jan. G — Six hundred Demo
crats gathered in the banquet-hall of the
Tremont House to-night to • observe
"Jackson day" in an appropriate majiner.
Hon. William Jennings Bryan was UNj
honored guest and chief orator of the
occasion. The commencement of the ban
quet was late and it was nearly midnicht
when the orators were In full swing. Mr.
Bryan's address was the last on the list.
Mayor Harrison of Chicago acted as
toastmaster.
Four Children Burned.
LITTLE FALLS. Minn.. Jan. 6.— Four
children of Michael Merrick. a farmer,
were burned to death last nlpht in a fire
that destroyed the house. The remains
cannot be identified and will be buried in
one grave. The children were from 7 to
15 years of age.
Dewey to Visit St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 6.— Admiral Dewey has
accepted the invitation to visit St. Louis
which was extended several months
ago by the Mayor and the leading
business* organizations of the city. He
will be here the first week in May, fol
lowing his visit to Chicago.
Beattle. Kas., has a municipal govern-
ment of women. Including a woman
Mayor.
WHAT IS
THE REASON?
Why is It that you are not equal to
the task Nature sets for you to do?
Why do you find weakness stealing
over you and growing day by day?
"Why that ashy, chalky complexion?
Why that Inability to hold your
urine?
Why those distressing pains across
your back?
All these symptoms are unmistaka-
ble evidences of kidney trouble.
The kidneys, that make the hurnam
engine of life move as Nature intended.
are not working, properly ar.d should
have prompt attention.
If j;ou need a medicine for kidney,
bladder or uric acid trouble, you s>houM
begin usinj? the famous new discovery.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. It give 3
quick relief and cures the most d:3-
tressingr cases.
Hospitals use it in all kinds of cas?-<,
especially severe and urgent ones. Doc-
tors prescribe it freely in their pracxlca
and in their families, and use it when
they need a kidney and bladder tonic
themselves.
Tens of thousands of frrateful pa-
tients have written to Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. and these letters have been fash-
ioned into a handy volume of ready
reference, which should be m ever/
household. This volume and a Kunpla
bottle of Swamp-Root will be maile-I
to any reader of this paper who will
send name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co. and state that they re-id this
generous offer in the Sar. Francisco
Sunday Call.
If there is any doubt in your mir.rt 03
to your condition, take from your urin*
on arisir.tr about two ounces, place It
in a glass or bottle and let it stand
twenty-four hours. If. on examination,
it is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-
dust settling or if small particles floa:
about In it, your kidneys are in need of
immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is for sa!«» every«'h«r«»
in lo'tles of two sizes and two prices—
50 cents anil ?1. Remember tho narnr.
Fwamp-Root. and the address. Bin?-
hamton. X. T.
FRENCH COERCION
OF SAN DOMINGO
Diplomatic Relations Are
Severed.
CONSUL ASKS FOR WARSHIPS
DETERMINED TO ENFORCE PAY
MENT OF CLAIMS.
Gunboat Machias Dispatched by the
United States Government to
Guard Americas.
Interests.
¦
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1900. by James Gordon
Bennett.
SAN* DOMINGO. Jan. 6.— The French
Consul has severed diplomatic relations
with the Santo Domingo republic and
asked that warships be sent hither. They
are now on their way. The 250.000 francs
($55,000) demanded by France are ready
for payment. The people's behavior Is
correct, and they are giving no offense to
French residents. The United States gun
boat Machlas has left this port.
ST. THOMAS. D. \V. 1.. Jan. 6.— The
French liagshlp Cecile has gone to Santo
Domingo. It is reported she was called
there hurriedly by cable.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Reliable in
formation has been received here that the
French Consul at Santo Domingo has In
formed the Jlmlnez government that a
squadron will soon arrive at that port to
enforce payment of installments remain
ing due In' the matter of the Boisemare-
Cacavelll claim.
Instructions will be sent to Rear Ad
miral Farquhar. now with the New York
In the West Indies, to either proceed with
his vessel or to send the Machlas, which
arrived to-day at San Juan from Santo
Domingo, to the capital of the little re
public and give adequate protection to
American interests. In providing such
protection. Admiral Farquhar will co-oper
ate with the American diplomatic repre
sentatives at Santo Domingo. There is no
disposition on the part of this government
to prevent France carrying out its pro
gramme, providing it does not attempt to
seize any territory; but. to quote an of
ficial with whom I talked. 'This govern
ment would sincerely regret to witness
the coercion of Santo Domingo by the
Paris government."
Smith M. Tweed, who is understood to
be an important factor In the Santo Do
mingan company, which Is financing the
little republic, is reported to have gone
to the island to look out for the interests
of his corporation.
It is appreciated that If France demands
immediate payment of the remaining
amount due. this will have to come out
of the revenues, which are controlled by
the company. The company, eonse
'quentlv-, will suffer. As pointed out this
morning, several nations are interested in
the company by reason of stock therein
owned by their citizens, and the matter
: may become a subject of representation
by "each of them to France.
There is no doubt that the officials sym
pathize with France in this matter, as
they are endeavoring to obtain the re
maining installments, long Finoe overdue,
owing in the matter of the Ozama bridge
claim. This claim was submitted to ar
bitration and decided in favor of the
claimant, Nathaniel McKay. All but $40.
000 has been paid, and, though the Jiminez
government agreed before its recognition
by the United States to assume the obli
gations of the Heureaux administration.
It has made no move to settle the re
mainder. I understand that some days
ago an instruction was pent by Secretary
Hay to Mr. Powell directing him to vig
orously push the Jlmlnez government for
a settlement of the claim. This Instruc
tion was sent before the French govern
ment decided to instruct its squadron to
proceed to Santo Domingo. It is not to be
expected, the officials say. that Santo Do
mingo will be able to pay in one lump
about $100,000, the aggregate amount of the
French and American claims, and it Is
hoped that an arrangement will be made
whereby partial payments at specified
periods will be agreed to.
DIVORCE GRANTED
TO JULIA MARLOWE
Court Approves t\)e Allegation
of Gruel and .intolerable
Severity.
HYDE PARK, N*. H., Jan. 6.— Julia Marlowe Taber. the actress, has be-?n
grante.l a divorce from her husband, Robert Taber. The petitioner made
three charges upon which she based her request for legal separation, but the
court threw out the allegations of Oesertion and refusal to support, and ap
proved those of alleged cruelty and Intolerable severity. The court granted
Mrs. Taber's request for alimony, fixing the sum at $3000.
Mrs. Taber's deposition, the cnlei one, was borne out by verbal testimony
given by her maid. Miss Beatty. It was to the effect that the petitioner was
married under the name of Sarah Frances Frost, in Philadelphia, on May 24,
1594.
SOCIETY BUDS
TAKE THE VEIL
Popular Youngr Ladies
Join the Dominicans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 6.— Endowed with
wealth, beauty, popularity and every
thing else that makes life worth living
Miss de Chartal Enrlght and Miss Ro
berta Byrne, two of California's best
known young society "buds," have for
saken the pomps and vanities of the
world to seek the seclusion of the cloister
and the black and white garb of Domini
can Sisters.
Both were educated in the convent and
tiring of the worU have returned to the
place in which they received the instric
tlon to enable them to succeed in it.
Father Plus of San Francisco conduct
ed the service which celebrated their en
trance into the convent and confirmed
them in their vows. The friends of the
young ladie«. while surprised at the step
they have taken, yet think that each has
entered upon her ideal life and . placed
no obstacle In their paths.
Miss Roberta Byrne Is a relative of
Judge Tobln of San Francisco and Misa
Enrlght was a very prominent figure in
San Jose society.
Besides Miss Enrlght and Miss Byrne
several other young ladles took the vows.
These novices were as follows: Sister
Patricia Mahoney. Sister Carmellta
Sturla, Misses L. McAuley, Mary Rowe,
Leona Bartholame. Ellen Finn. Annie
Keneeley (Sister Scholastica. Sister Ben
etlcta. Sister Grozaza, Sister Columba,
Sister Alexius).
TOOK HOLY VOWS.
Miss Edwina Dufficy Joins the Sis
ters of Mercy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN' RAFAEL. Jan. 6.— Miss Edwina
Dudley, one of San Rafael's most beau
tiful and popular young ladles, to-day en
tered the order of the Sisters of Mercy
in San Francisco.
Miss Dufficy Is the daughter of Judge
Dufficy, who for many years occupied a
high Judicial position in San Rafael. Miss
Dufficy was formerly a school teacher
here and extremely popular with all her
pupils. For some time she ha 3 contem
plated the step and to-day took her final
vows. While her friends were somewhat
surprised at the news yet her intentions
have for some time been suspected.
CONCESSIONS TO
FRUIT SHIPPERS
Decided Improvement in
the Situation.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— With the close
of the first week of the contest between
the citrus fruit shippers of Southern Cali
fornia and the initial lines the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe situation is decidedly
improved and shippers have gained con
ceßsions that were not believed possible on
January 1, the date when the new order
preventing shippers from routing became
effective.
This result has been encompassed by
two factors— in the Santa Ke tacitly,
through Traffic Manager Chambers agree
ing to route cars when convenience to
shippers could be proved, and President
Rlpley's agreement to submit the ques
tion to a conference that will go Into the
merits of the dispute. This conclusion of
Ripley -Is the outgrowth of the demand
of the financial and commercial interests
of Los Angeles. When the contest seemed
fiercest and the railroads remained un
yielding the Chamber of Commerce, Board
of Trade, Merchants' and Manufacturers*
Association and the Clearing-house Asso
ciation engineered quite a fiank movement
that demonstrated to the roads that the
entire strength of the moneyed interest
was aroused to rescue the orange indßs
try. Local railroad officials were not con
sulted.
The first intimation that Chambers and
Luce of the Southern Pacific had came In
Inquiries from the East demanding infor
mation as to what the telegrams reciting
the growers' grievances meant. Xo fur
ther action will be taken by citizens until
Huntington replies, whose silence is re
garded as part of a plan to be cunning
and shift responsibility.
Over sixty cars were to-day shipped and
in each case the company did the routing
at 90 cents a box. but a legal protest was
served with every car. No rights are
waived.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
Cure Colds
by keeping your bowels open. CASCARETS will do it without
grip or gripe and drive the cold right out of you. Just as soon
as you "feel like taking cold" take a CASCARET— there is
NOTHING SO GOOD.
Jo^gjt^ CANDY CATHARTIC a
A sweet bit of candy medicine, purely vegetable, absolutely
harmless, never grip nor gripe. A sale of over 5,000,000 boxes
a year — 10c, 25c, 50c — proves their great merit. Be sure you
get CASCARETS, the only original, genuine Candy Cathartic,
Best for the Bowels
> 408
mm aXi R9> I<*3en4 \3"*\ _ifi sftj w
B J m H l«l rx %S KJJ froa n a»«g^ mi
if w % p*3 Ksxr*2 &ri Ndm w w<9 Si
DB- KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
CHILD MISSING.
"Wandered Into the "Woods at Oak i
Run and Is Probably Dead.
REDDING. Jan. €.— The four-year-old
fon of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Hufford has
lost In the woods of Oak Run re
pion. this county, since Thursday noon.
- Cfty-flra hours the little child has
been out In the coid vrtr.A ar.d rain that
rns'ked the weather during- that period.
The HaCort home is located about three
miles above Oak Run Postofflce. about
thirty miles from Redding. The boy wan
dered from the house shortly before 12
o'clock Thursday noon. The anxious par
ents were unsuccessful In their search
In the afternoon. Neighbors were called
In. but the search throujrnout the stormy
nipht proved futile. Since then the peo
ple of the entire country have been scour
ing the woods for the lost child. The only
trace found were the footprints of the
boy about two miles from home. The
chances are now considered unfavorable
i for bis beir.ff found alive.
15Teachers Score a Victory
TOPLKA, Kans., Jan. C— The Attorney
G'T.'-rxl to-day In an opinion to the Stat*
Superintendent of Public Instruction holds
that when a. public school tia? b»-*»n «-us
l>er:ri*id by order of the Hoard of Trustees
on account of the presence of a conta- i
gious d .-ease In the community teachers '
«m> entitled to full pay under he"- 1
trncts. This is an important decision ior ;
tl.e subject has been a vexed one between ;
teachers and school boards since the co- ]
<n b ,h S J ! { l ° f the pub!lc school s >' stfcra i
TO PROBE KENTUCKY'S
BRIBERY SCANDAL
Charg-es Filed by State Senators
Ag-ainst John H. Whallen and
John Evan.
Canal Commission Sails.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The commission
headed by Rear Admiral John G. Walker
(retired) sailed to-day on the Atlas line
stcamfr Alene for Nicaragua to investi
gate and report on the canal possibilities
Tiie work already done will be examined
The specific object will be to recommend
a route for a canal across the tathmus
The trip across Nicaragua wUI occupy
about six weeks.
FRANTCFORT. Ky.. Jan. 6. -Senators
Thomas and Crenshaw Jointly filed an In
formation to-day citing John 11. Whallen
and John Ryan to appear before the Sen
ate on a statutory proceeding charging
thr:n with contempt in attempting to
brib- Senator Harrell. Tho penalty, upon
conviction. Is a fine nt $15,000, confinement
In Jail during the session of the Legisla
ture and forfeiture of suffrage. A similar
charge win be filed In the House and a
joint committee to Investigate the charge
is asked.
Senator Barrett (H») moved an amend
ment to Investigate whether Senator Har
rcJl or any other member promised to vote
on the contests or other Questions before
the Senate In consideration of promises of
appointment to office for himself or other
persons.
The resolution providing for the investi
gating committee, and with the amend
ments Included, was adopted unanimously
feenator Howard (U ) offered a resolu
tion for a f-peciol committee to investigate
Senator Harrell. In support of the resolu
tion he said that "if the charge of agree
ing to accept a bribe Is proven Harrell Is
Ineligible to a seat In the Senate and is no
gentleman."
He asked that a non-partisan committee
be appointed, so Harrtll might be vindi
cated, if he is Innocent, and not white
washed by a committee created for that
purpose.
Senator Carter CD.) said the resolution
already adopted providing for the Whal-
W-n-Ryan investigation carried with It an
investigation of Harrcll. The point of
order was made that in order to Investi
gate Harrell Feparately formal charges
must be filed as in the case of Wballen
and Howard withdrew his resolution
SENT INTO EXILE.
Guerin, Buffet and DerouJede Serv
ing Their Sentences.
PARIS, Jan. C— M. Guerin. who has
been sentenced to ten years* confinement
tn a fortified place, has arrived at Olalr
vaux, where ho will underpo his s n
tence. There was no demonstration any
where during 1L Gtterin'o Journey from
Paris.
M. nufTet. who was condemned to ten
years' banishment, remains In Ilrussela
M. Dcroulede. who hus been banished
for ten years. Is on his way to Milan
whence he proceeds to Spain, having de>^
elded to take uy his residence at San
Sebastian.
Torr May Rebuild.
rETALUMA, Jan. 6.— C. L. Torr. who
formerly conducted the Petaluma Woolen
Mills which were destroyed by fire about
five years ago. has been here for the past
few days, with a view to rebuilding the
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Cft 1551 &12XZ? St. Ui. eS4?£, 5.7.M.
fcy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum tn the
-Lgjgbm^ Wo»id. VV eaknese* or any contracted
ri.«.ra*? pc»it*w«-!y e»r»H ry the oldest
i gS STi s>P«cxaiUt ca tae Loui tit *6 year*. '
fi§3t~ i CR. JORDAH-PR.'VATE DISEASES
FSjtsjFS 3 Consultation f'-~ arid v&'-.'y pr:v»=c
& •/ sS If f *•»!»• iliriia every cave un-iert»«»">.
?'/ tlfi> Write few Book. PHILOSOPHY «f
¦If jl 't U«ltni %(.»:. MAILED FRES. <A
DB JOBDAXA to, 1051 Market St.. a F.
&•;• Great
I Auction, :
I Sale...
OF
KING, MOSS & COMPANY,
,At 639 Market Street
(Palace not el Block).
TIIE FOLLOWING
Special
WILL BE HELD
THIS WEEK:
MONDAY*
General Selections from the Entire Stock,
Including Sterling Sliver Spoons and Forks.
TUESDAY:
English China Clocks ana Fine Watches
and Frames.
WEDNESDAY:
Antiques, English Silver and Framea.
THURSDAY: : V;f;
Diamonds and Precious Stonea.
FKIttAY 1
Rich Oola Jewelry.
SATURDAY:
General Stock.,
I Special Half = Price Offer!
©
O
© , Until further notice 1 win take In any other make of electric bett as half payment on one of mtne. tfyoo:
T have used one of the old style burning electric belts, or the kind that give no current at all, and wish to realize
*) the benefits which can be had from the use of a genuine electric belt which cannot born nor blister, send me
® your old belt and I will send you one of my latest Improved belts at one half my list price. Take advantage of
§ this offer at once, as 1 reserve the privilege of withdrawing It at any time after January 15th. It Is made slro-
© ply to establish the value of my Belt with those who have beea disappointed with other kinds.
I Another Wonderful Cure. •
J Severe Cose of Solatia,
m Fert Braes. CkiL,l>«e. 23d. XS99
5? DR. M. A. JTcIiAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I inhered Terr badly trom sciatic rbesmatJaoi. aad triad rrtry obtainable remedr. becldes t&m
W montbs at various bot springs. I only grew worse and weaker. Wtian I cams to 7m I wa* dtscoorigad about my ease aod hesitated tofon
Q using your Belt. Now, I am ttaokful. for It bas so greatly benefited me that lam restored to haalth asd strength, asd an worsa>«nd2s« row
q treatment to my friends. Yours truly, PiKKJLLi.
I Warranted Best on Earth.
• There is no longer any doubt that the Dr. McLaughlln Electric Belt Is the best electric body
q appliance made to-day. It has cured thousands of cases after the failure of all other makes. It
? gives a wonderful volume of electricity Into the body; is applied according to my special method,
O by which I adapt the treatment to suit each Individual case; it has a regulator to control the cur-
* rent, and my special chamois-covered electrodes, which prevent the awful burning and blistering
® known in all other body belts.
® Have yoa been using an " electric " belt which gave yoa no elec-
2 trlclty? Have you been using an electric belt which scarred and
? blistered yonr body, making Its use a torture Instead of a blessing?
S Have you ated one which lost Its power and failed to generate a car-
q rent after a few weeks' use? Have yoa used one which was so clum-
0 ally and crudely made that you could get no satisfactory results from
a using It? Have you one which In any manner falls to give the grand,
Q vitalizing and health-producing electric current Into your body In
<j£ the manner assured by the Dr. McLaughlln Electric Belt? If so bring
© It to me and I will place upon yoa at ball my regular price th e
© grandest electric body appliance known to the world to-day, an ap-
O pllance possessing all the Improvements known to electrical science,
© and adapted to your particular case, according to my special method,
© which has made permanent cures In thousands of cases daring the
O past twenty years, after the failure of all other known electrical de-
ft vices.
O I make the only electrical body belt that Is fit to wear upon the
2 bomnn body, the only one which possesses curative power and gives
that power Into ttte bodyta • contlnootts. aoothtn; stream, •• ftrst
the patient realizes Its warming, vltajlzlnjr. Influence, bat I* not
burned and scarred by It. I guarantee this opon a bond of 93,000. 1
challenge comparison wtth any other body appliance made.
The experience of twenty years Is shown In my Belt. The fiaw«
and fastts of the old-style methods and devices are here overcome*
and the result Is an appliance which can be used by the most sensitive
woman In Its strongest volume without fear of inconvenience.
Those who have used electric belts of any other make know what
a great blessing It \* to possess an appliance which will bring re-
newed strength to weak nerves and organs and dispel pain from any
part of the body, and do It while the patient rests peacefully, without
fear of barntng or blistering.
The Dr. McLaughlin Improved Electric Beft U the only one tnmntr-
factored which assures thU result, and I offer now to prove this by
sending my Belt at one-ha!f the list price to anyone who wishes to
exchange his old-style bett for one of mine.
I Call and See Mu Belt.
9 II possible make ¦ personal eiaui button of my Belt, so that you can «ee how many wonderful Improvements ft has ovrr afl other*.
q Yon can test It free.
a My beautifully Illustrated 80-page book, with price list, win be sent free on application. If you cannot call.
0 Send In your old belts now, with half price for oneof mine. I will send my Belt anywhere C O. D., with privilege of examination.
© Oitficc fiourst 8 A. M. to __
O 8:aO P. M. Sundays, 10 \)t> M A MpT Qllfrhlin T02 £ arl <« st '«« Comer Kearny. s«m
© to 1. Ul • 1U# «• . illl/JUalll'IlllIl, Francisco, and Corner Spring and
© . ° ' .Second Streets, Los Aogeles.
STEALS FORTY-EIGHT
THOUSAND DOLLARS
Paying Teller of a Buffalo Bank
Takes Advantage of the Sec
retary's Absence.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 6.— The state
ment Is mado that F. A. Newton, paying
teller of the Fidelity Trust and Guarantee
Company, has embezzled $45,000. The fol
lowing statement has been Issued by tho
bank:
"On Thursday evening, Dwrmher 14,
1539. the president and secretary of tho
company were advised that Fred L. New
ton, one of Its trusted employes, who had
been acting as bookkeeper and paying
teller, was a defaulter. A prompt exam
ination disclosed the fact that Newton's
cash was short to the extent of precisely
$45.000. Tho trust company held the bond
of the American Security Company In the
amount of $10,000. The surety company
was at once notified of the defalcation,
and on the ISth day of December. 1599, the
surety company paid the $10,000, being the
amount of its bond, leaving the trust com
pany with a loss of precisely $38,000.
"Newton had fled the city on the even
ing when the discovery was made. He
returned, however, voluntarily and was
temporarily left in the custody of his
counsel. He was prepared at any time
to plead guilty and take the consequence.
"When Newton left town he knew that
the bank examiner would be in attendance
the next morning. The examiner was
promptly advised of the information pos
sessed by the president and the secretary.
He was asked to make the most thorough
examination. This was done and every
thing was found in perfect order. Tho
officers are unable to cay precisely when
the money was taken, but it Is thought a
large part of It was secured during the
absence of the secretary In attendance at
the deathbed of his father."
MAY COMPEL CAPTAIN
SHUFELDT TO MOVE
Interesting Case Being Argued Be
fore a Court-Martial in Wash
ington.
WASHINGTON. Jan. C— Under orders
lPßucd by General Merritt. commanding
the Department of the East, a general
court-martial, of which Colonel F. L.
Gurther. Forty-eighth Artillery, Is presi
dent, met at Washington Barracks in this
city to-day for the trial of Captain Rob
ert W. Shufeldt. U. S. A., retired, on
the charge of conduct unbecoming an of
ficer and a gentleman. The case Is a pe
culiar one, In that it involves the right
of the military authorities to compel a
retired ofticcr of the army to submit hlm
eelf to the Jurisdiction of a State court
for tho satisfaction of a private obliga
tion.
The courts of Maryland gTanted tho pe
titions of the wife of Bhufcldt for divorce
and decreed the payment of altmonv to a
certain amount. It Is represented that in
order to evade this Judgment Captain
Shufeldt changed his residence to the
District of Columbia, where he was sub
sequently Judicially declared bankrupt.
His wife appealed to tho War Depart
ment to assist her in collecting the ali
mony, awarded by tho Maryland court.
WEDDED AT SAN RAFAEL.
Miss Elizabeth Edmeads and Abram
Bower Made Man and Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 6.— ln a room
fragrant with green pepper branches and
gay with shaggy chrysanthemums Abram
Bower of San Francisco was united to
Miss Elizabeth G. Edmeads of San
Rafael. The groom is prominent In busi
ness circles, while as a leader of the
younger society set here Miss Edmeads
is very popular.
The wedding took place at the home of
the bride on Fifth avenue. The knot was
tied by the Rev. Wyllis Hall. After the
ceremony the bride and groom left for a
short tour through the Northern States.
On their return the young couple will
make their home in Oakland.
Davis at Liberty.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 6.— The case- of A.
E. Davis, accused of being Implicated
with Charles Compton In a fraud perpe
trated in a real estate deal, has been dis
missed. Compton has been tried three
tlme-s without result and his case will
likely he dismissed also, as the witnesses
have all disappeared.
Fees Reduced.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 6.— To-day the at
torneys for tho city In the bond case pre
sented claims for services amounting to
J25.000. The City Council cut down the
fees $10,000. which the attorneys accepted.
Magulre & Lindsay received $10,000, and
Garber Creswell $5000.
Suicide of an Aged Man.
NAPA. Jan. 6.— Joseph Spelcher, a na
tive of Germany, aged 63 years, and an in
mate of the County Infirmary, committed
suicide at that institution last night.
Too Many Hands Aboard.
VICTORIA. B. C.Jan. 6.— The Hawaiian
ship Hawaiian Isles Is In trouble here,
having three more men than on her bill
of health received from Honolulu and
Port Angeles. When Quarantine Officer
Watt boarded her the captain reported
tho same number of men stated on the
bill, but had to admit the bill false. The
ship is liable to a fine of $15,000. The mat
ter has been referred to Ottawa and it is
believed will be adjusted.
MONEY FOR FIRE-FIGHTERS
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
PASADENA, Jan. 6.— After one year
and a half of wailing forest fire fighters
will get their money from tha Government
at Washington. When a forest fire oc
curs in the forest reserve the forest su
perintendents call for fire fighters and
furnish them with axes, shovels, brush
hooks and the like, aa well as with food.
The men formerly received $3 per day,
but of late have received only $2 w). They
are paid In warrants.
About a year and a half ago Forestry
Superintendent C. 8. Newhail of Retl
lands, after working a force of men at
fighting fierce- mountain P.res for several
weeks, paid them In warrants. Some of
the men needing money badly, secured a
discount from the Pasadena banks, but
the banks learning that the warrants
I might not be allowed stopped discounting.
1 Efforts to get rann<>y from Newhall failed.
I and finally President Gcorgo F. Ker
naghan of the Pasadena National Bank
I brgan communication with Congressman
j Waters and the authorities at Washing
ton. To-day notice was received that Ml
' worth of claims had been allowed.
FAVOR ORGANIZATION.
Meeting of the Fruit-Growers of
Sonoma County.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 6.— At a meeting
held here to-day of the representative
fruit-growers of Sonoma County there
was a unanimous sentiment expressed In
favor of the proposed State Growers' As
sociation, for the organization of which a
convention will be held in San Jose Jan
uary 15 and 16.
Jonathan Roberts was chairman and
Robert Slater and W. E. Woolsey secre
taries. A number of speeches were made,
including one by John Markley. In a few
minutes S5O acres of prunes were pledged
the association. Committees were ap
pointed to canvass districts and obtain
signatures. Other meeting 3 have been
held in this county and an organization of
growers is favored.
Illill 1 Mill diseases cured or no
W I I M I I I W U P^ Nj detention from
II II I 1 1I M I business. DR3. MAN -
111 j I I 111 I I FIELD & PORTER-
Iwl ¦ UI»U FIELD. KM Market ic.
Fan Francisco.
ADVERTISING THE
VALLEY ABROAD
Work Started by Com
mercial Association.
HANFORD, Jan. 6.— A meeting of the
San Joaquin Valley Commercial Associa
tion was held here to-day. Those present
were: P. A. Buell, president, San Joa
quin County; Ben M. Maddox, (secretary^
Tulare County; Orrin S. Henderson, San
Joaquin County; F. A. West, proxy; T.
C. Law, Merced; Return Roberts, Madera;
S. P. Bocth, Fresno; S. E. Biddle, Kings;
E. E. Young, proxy; A. J. Pillsbury, Tu
lare; J. J. Cairns, proxy; S. C. Smith,
Kern; H. A. Jastro, proxy. Supervisors
and citizens from several counties were
also present. The report of the commit
tee on the circulation of advertising mat
ter in the East called attention to an arti
cle for the February Sunset, prepared by
l'hil Frances. Tho association ordered
the purchase of 20,000 copied for distribut
tion, and also appropriated $2-a) for adver
tising in eighteen leading papers in the
EabL The scheme of a stereopticon lec
ture tour East was laid over until the
next meeting.
A memorial drafted by the committee
on legislation asking Congress to appro
priate money for the improvement and ex
tension of Kaweah Mountain road Into
the Giant Forest was adopted. A resolu
tion to memorialize Congress to preserve
the Calaveras Big Tree Grove was adopt
ed. The subject of good roads was dis
cussed at length. The association favors
tho bonding of several counties in tho
valley for the purposes of constructing
permanent wagon roads. A resolution
calling upon Congress to Improve water
ways, especially tha San Joaquin River,
was referred to the committee on legisla
tion.
The secretary reported that the Con
gressmen of the State are all opposed to
the proposed reciprocity treaty affecting
the products of the valley. The wide tire
law was indorsed and the president In
structed to appoint a committee of three
to make a t«*st case in court. The next
meeting will be held at Merced on Feb
ruary 3.
WORTHLESS CHECKS PASSED
Smooth Operators Are at Work in
Marysville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 6.— A brace- of
clever forgers, probably the iania who so
successfully operated at Keswick and vi
cinity recently, have been working in this
section. The first evidence of their pres
ence In this city was to-day, when two
time checks drawn on the Yuba Electric
Power Company reached a local bank by
mall for collection. The checks are for
geries from first to last. In the first place
the operators had a batch of blank checks
printed with the war revenue stamp neat
ly worked into the body of the paper. At
the bottom of each are the word 3. "Print
ed In St. Louis." The only victims thus
far heard from are W. H. Hall of Grid
ley and Le Point Brothers of Biggs. They
were worked for about fifteen dollars
each. The name of J. B. Stetson is. signed
to each order as cashier.
Legislators Testify at
Washington.
...... ?... ..;..., ? -. .;. ¦? -- -. -,
STRONG CHARGES PREFERRED
¦ -¦• ¦ ¦ • '¦¦¦"' ?-,:¦ ¦">--.¦¦•
SACK IN EVIDENCE IN THE
SENATORIAL FIGHT.
Large Sums Offerd for Votes by
Agents Alleged to Have Been
Employed by the Mil
lionaire.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Henry C. Stiff.
Speaker of the Montana House of Repre
sentatives, was the first witness tn the
Clark case before the Senate Committee
on Privileges and Elections to-day. Rep
resentative Campbell of Montana ques
tioned Stiff and his questions were direct
ed to showing that tne embarrassed fin
ancial condition of State Representative
McLaughlin had been taken advantage of
by Senator Clark to approach him to se
cure his vote, and also that Stiff's own
vote had been Improperly solicited. Stiff
said that ha knew that McLaughlin was
in distressed financial circumstances prior
to the meeting of the Legislature. Ha had
himself been approached by W. M. Blck
ford, acting representative of Clark, and
his support solicited for the latter.
The questions bringing out this informa
tion were all objected to by the defense,
who insisted that Clark must be directly
connected with all the transactions with
which it was sought to connect his name.
The reply was that his connection would
be shown over Clark's signature.
The questioning of Stiff was then direct
ed toward showing that Blckford had
sought to secure Stiffs services to exam
ine the title of property to be purchased
by Clark from McLaughlin for J25.000, a
part of the consideration on McLaughlln's
part being, Bickford specified, that Mc-
Laughlln should support Clark for the
Senate. Stiff testified to the correctness
of this outline and added that Blckford
had told him that he (Stiff) should receive
$500 for his individual services, when $50
would have been a good fee; that his own
vote was wanted for Clark, and that he
should be put on Clark's list of attorneys
for a number of years. Bickford had, in
this connection, exhibited a list of prop
erty to be sold by McLaughlin, with prices
to be paid, which were in excess of the
value of the property, and this property
was afterward conveyed to Clark.
Stiff s=aid that the agreement with Me
Laughlln provided that he was to be em
ployed by Clark for two years at $2400 a
year, and that McLaughlin had since been
employed in this connection. McLaugh
lln had voted for Clark.
The witness said that in another con
versation with Bickford. a week prior
to the meeting of the Legislature, the lat
ter had offered him $10,000 if he would
withdraw from the contest for the
Speakershlp and support Clark for the
Senatorship. Stiff also detailed a con
verpation with A. D. Cook, former State
Auditor, who had offered him $20,000 to
vote for Clark.
"I made no definite reply," said Stiff,
"because I wanted to further inve^tigata
what was going on. I told him that if
Clark roally wanted to secure my vote he
could afford to pay more than 120,000, and
suggested $50,000. saying I did not want
this to be understood as an offer on my
part. Cook said he would see Clark and
we agreed to meet again that day. I
did not. however, see him again on this
subject."
He said that as Speaker, in selecting a
committee of Investigation in the Clark
matter, ho had not known all the mem
bers selected were unfriendly to Clark.
Replying further to questions concerning
his suggestions of fcX).O.>oas the price Clark
should pay for his vote, he said:
"I believe I was perfectly justified in
doing what I did. I considered that a
most outrageous crime was being perpe
trated and that I was willing to act the
part of a detective."
Fred Whlteside, Montana State Senator
from Cleathead County, testified that he
had been approached prior to and after
the meeting of the Legislature in the in
terest of Clark's candidacy by John S.
Neill. John B. Wellcome and Charles W.
Clark, a son of the Senator. He had seen
Wt-llcome by appointment at his room
at a hotel in Helena, and had met there
others of Clark's friends. Ho had met
Senator Clark also, who told him that
Wellcome had spoken favorably of him
(Whiteside).
Th« first intimation he had that his
support of Clark would be to his financial
advantage came from Neill. Afterward
Wellcome told him that his vote for and
support of Clark would bo worth $10,000.
He had co-operated with the Fupporters
of Clark for the purpose of exposing the
corrupt methods which he was satisfied
was being used to secure Clark's election.
He exhibited a list of the members of the
L^Ki«lature whom Welloome and Clark's
son had requested him to see. They had
told him they were willing to pay $10,(K>0
for any Democratic vote, and more for
the vote of J. T. Anderson of Meagher
County. '- >¦ : '---y ,-¦¦.-.- ¦¦•¦ .- ;-, -.-
Now Is the Time
During these long evenings to
enjoy a Weisbach Light. Call
anJ inspec; our large assortment.
The lamps can ta adjusted to any
gas fixture: We also carry 3n
extensive lins cf Tabl= Lamps an J
Fancy Glassware to be used with
ths lights.
Write for our booklet, "Why
Use a Weisbach Light?" It will
pleas: you.
The trade supplied with staple
and fancy glassware at most favor-
able prices.
THE WELSBACH
COMMERCIAL
COMPANY
And EXCHANGE,
140 Ellis St.,
Y. M. C. A. BUILDI.ia.
Telephone — Main 5450.
with the result that the adjutant gen
eral, by direction of the Secretary- of
\\ ar. ordered Captain Shufeldt to place
himself within the Jursidictlon of the
Maryland court. Acting on the advice
of his counsel. Captain Shufeldt disputed
the right of the War Department to in
terfere In the matter and refused to obey
the order. The War Department referred
the case to the commanding general of
the Department of the East -for the Insti
tution of court-martial proceedings. The
reason for this reference Is that the al
leged violations of th« articles of war oc
curred within the limits of that military
department.
uniy me preliminary proceedings were
had. and the case was continued until
Monday, under a plea of the accused of
ficer's counsel of Insufficient time to pre
pare the defense.
LAID OUT A PARK
IN NEW MONTEREY
H. A, Greene Makes a Practical Dem
onstration of How the City
May Be Beautified.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTEREY, Jan. 6.— H. A. Greene, a
public spirited member of this community,
has just laid out and beautified a park in
New Monterey, by which he Intends
demonstrating the feasibility of a plan he
has long advocated. The park is only a
block on Hawthorne avenue, but Is ar
ranged with an eye to perfection of de
tail, and when the many plants and flow
ers have begun fairly to grow will be an
exceptionally artistic bit of ground.
Mr. Greene has borne all the expense of
making this park and will open it to the
public. Intending by it to demonstrate
now easily property hereabouts, both
public and private, can be beautified and
so change the town from Us present
state of picturesque dilapidation to that of
an up-to-date park dotted city. He also
advocates the establishing of parks as a
sanitary measure. Mr. Greene was the
Monterey County Commissioner for the
Midwinter Fair in ISD4 and director gen
eral of the jubilee celebration of tha
fiftieth anniversary of the American oc
cupation of California, held in Monterey
in ISSG. He is now chief health officer of
Monterey.
FINAL ARGUMENT
IN ROBERTS CASE
Close of the Hearing In
Committee.
POLYGAMISrS LAST APPEAL
. - .-".. - ¦¦ .- >¦. -¦¦¦ . - '
DECLARES HE IS PERSECUTED
BY GENTTLES.
Ridicules the Assertion That tho
American Home Is in Danger
Through His Election to
Congress.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— When the Rob
erts committee resumed Its Investigation
to-day Roberts went on with his argu
ment, begun yesterday. He reviewed the
action of the Constitutional Convention,
of Utah, urging that this carried out tha
requirements of Congress for the admis
sion of Utah as a State— namely, that
polygamous marriages should no longer
be contracted. In particular, Roberts
contended that there was no requirement
by Congress or the Constitutional Con
vention that previously contracted matri
monial associations should be Interrupted.
In the course of his argument Roberts
said he had observed that the ladles In
volved in this question of plural wives
were quite generally received In the cir
cles of gentile ladles In Utah. He vehe
mently denounced what he characterized
as the sensational crusade made against
him, and also the effort to arouse public
feeling by saying "the American home"
was In danger.
"If necessary." he Bald, "I could call
attention to ten thousand evils which
threaten the country without going to
the State of Utah."
In closing Roberts said that the patriot-
Ism of the Mormon Church toward the
country could not be questioned. When
a fund was raised for the survivors of the
battleship Maine the Mormon Church had
contributed one-fifth of the entire amount.
When the country's authority In the Phil
ippines was questioned "Utah's guns,
handled by Utah men. had been In the
fore front of the fray."
Schroder, the gentile Representative.
said that no further point would be made
on Roberta' naturalization papers, as It
was desired to exclude him from Congress
specifically and solely on the ground of his
being a polygamist.
After, the arguments closed members of
the committee attached some importance
to the question asked by Chairman Tayler
of Roberts, relative to the latter being
amenable, while in the District of Colum
bia, to the Edmunds act. It Is understood
that special attention may be given by
the committee to this feature.
At 12:30 the arguments on both sides
were closed and the committee- went Into
executive session.
At the executive session It was decided
to close the hearings and the testimony
unless ex-Secretary Carlisle desired to be
heard further. The committee then ad
journed until 10 a. m. next Wednesday.
There was no vote or other action on the
final disposition of the case.
woolen mills here, which will give employ- j
ment to a large number of hands. The
project Is looked on favorably by leadlns i
citizens, who all express their willingness
to subscribe toward a bonus for the j
woolen mills here.
NEW YORK DEBUT OF
MISS MARY CROCKER
Special Dispatch to The Ceuh
NEW YORK, Jan- 6.— One of the most
Interesting debutantes of the season. Miss
Mary Crocker, was formally Introduced
this afternoon, under the chaperonage of
her aunt. Mrs. Whltelaw Reid, at tha
residence of the latter. 45 Madison avenue.
Not only has Miss Crocker charms of
youth and beauty, but the added one of
being perhaps the wealthiest debutante of
the season. She 13 a sister of Mrs. George
Crocker and a daughter of the railroad
magnate.
Of late Miss Crocker has been living
with her aunt, Mrs. Charle3 B. Alexander,
who Is In mourning, for which reason the
coming-out reception took place at Mrs.
Reid's house, where the debutante will
remain a gruest for the remainder of the
winter.
At her reception Mis 3 Crocker wore a
dainty creation of white lace and chiffon
and held some shaded orchids. In the re
celvlnp line were Miss D!x. daughter of
Rev. Dr. D!x. and Miss Elizabeth Metcalf.
The drawing-room was lined with bou
quets sent to the debutante to whom,
during tha reception hours, fashionable
New York, so to speak, offered Its con
gratulations.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
MONTANA MEN
ACCUSE CLARK
Season of
COUghS and
Colds
Early winter — with its
rams — its winds — its cold
weather — with its coughs,
colds, and rheumatism — is
here.
A little precaution will
save many a doctor bill.
And precaution is cheap.
Kirk's Irish Moss Cough Bal-
sam is a c:iick, safe and sure cure
for coughs and colds. It nil]
relieve a cough instantly 2CC
Dr. Ira Baker's Tar and Wild
Cherry Cough Balsam is made
in our Hg laboratory under the
special care and direction of
a skilled chemist. % It is a
most effective cough and cold
remedy +r.\ :s guaranteed to
j
Peso's Cough Cure, 20 cents
I Parker's Cough Cure, 20 cent»
' Ayer's Cherry Pectoral, 20c
King's Consumption Cure 40c
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, 4.0c
Thompson's Cold and Grippe
Cure. 25 cents
Fw* ie'.Jvtry te rattroad po'nts within
100 ib He* on order* of Jj or up.
J$#\ n2B MARKET ST.
(%*, , ~Zi:>\ 6»n r«*«ci3co
10th and BROADWAY, Oakland
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KEBQSBSgSBHeBSSE&RBBBBHBnBBBBBHSBBnEHRBBBaBBB
I SECOND WEEK OF OUR |
I GREAT JANUARY GLEARANOE SALE |
?. BEGINS TO-MORROW. |
y The phenomenal business done during the First Week of our Great g
13 Clearance Sale will result in the largest sales in our history. For our q
B January selling we count on breaking all records because of the extraor- Q
B dinarily low prices, backed by superior goods. H
-< Again for this week we present a few of the many Bargains on sale. ¦»
I Everj- item is full of merit. g
N All Wnol 42-inch All- Wool
U All-ttOOl gunmen,™ much
ta Cashmere » demand now for
rj \\ aists and Tea
D Gowns, in shades of navy, gray, tan,
n brown and reseda; excellent value
S at 65 cents a yard. Sale price .o*3^
•j : Yard
? Pl-jrrfc Plaid Dress Goods, in
a « IdlU; * Armure and Granite
(3 weaves, beautiful bright colors and
O combinations; excellent for chil-
li dre:i"s dresses. Sale price •")•?,,
g Yard <^3C
H Wfin! Broken lines
B 3MK dnu rruui m Silk and
g Novelties. wool Nov-
g elty Dress
m Goods, in dark and medium color-
¦•" ing>;; regular selling price from
a $1.25 to $2.00 yard. Sale pa.
a price Yard vJOt,
g 51.50 Black Mo-
I Black Crepons pens. Tn
g for 98c yard. Sf^
jj3 designs, with rich blister mohair ef-
f ects; tliey arc well worth ad_
j $1.50 a yr.rd. Sale price. Yard -'OL
C Af|-S*!k New Blue and
H Mil O.iJV Violei grounds, in
£j fouiards. the choicest p«-
terns; regular price
I rsc Sale price
§ Yard 3ViC
E Children's Fast bhck - fire -
U mm ' urtll » ribbed School
£? nOSe. Hose - full Wished,
double knees,
heels and toes; s:?cs 6 to 10; \a~
I tho ~oc grade. Sale price.Pair «T"C
g Ladies' Imported Cashmere Hose.
E2 fast black; a very soft and extra fine
L 3 quality; regular value 50c. O') /^
S Ss!e price Pair J-^C
j-j Children's Gray Merino Vests and
E; Pr.T:ts. covered seams, a splendid
j garment; all sizes. Sale price r
E3 Each -^-3C
I Ladies' \^ Jg«
\ Dress Skirts, p^ »««
q skirts, in
[Z '¦ "¦¦¦"' - r ngs, lined with best
U percaline, nicely bound; regular
Cl price $6.06. Sale price t'"* i\~
a Knch oi.J)
51.50 Gloves &^j£! §
for 9oc pa.r. < v ». 1? 1 g
quantity lasts we will sell the best H
$1.50 gloves for 95c a pair. They are g
genuine French kid. latest em- 5j
broidered backs, with three-clasp q
fasteners; all sizes and in the q^. g
leading colors. Sale price.Pair "-*C g
PlHntv Hemmed Pillow Cases, n
riIIUYY ma( k of good qua i ity g
CaSeS. muslin; size 45x36; res- S3
ular price 15c each. Q r B
Sale price Each B
Qhoof c 100 doz. Ready-made H
Hemmed bneets, torn EJ
by hand, dry laundered, size 81x90: Q
regular price 57% c Sale 4.7 l p §
price t-ach g
ftannplpftP** Flannelettes ?
checks, light and medium colorings, B
good heavy quality for gowns and g
skirts; regular value ioc yard, f- »
Sale price Yard J< - g
n^macl/ 18-in. Damask Tow- B
uamdbK e]ing> in stnpes and q
Toweling. checks; worth 8c I
•^ a yard. Sale c _*
price Yard q
A Great Blanket Offer- g
ing at $3.65 Each. I
One of the extra worthy attrac- B
tions for this week will be an offer- Ej
ing of 1200 pairs of All- Wool Bian- ™
kets that were secured from one of 2
the leading California mills at the
old price. Remember that wool has g
advanced considerably, and as soon g
as these are disposed of you will have ?
to pay at least $500 for as good a H
blanket. J3
Ladies' Flan-^---- 1
nel WaiStS. Gr «^ Clean- ES
up ¦ Sale of ?
Flannel Waists. It is our intention id
to close out every single one. hence
the deep cut in price. They are ail
this season's styles, excellent fitting £,
and the most superior makes. Our gj
$2:50 waists for 51. 95, our $3.50 g
waists for 52.95, and our qt ap n
$5.00 waists for ijOti/J g
JiiU GREAI CLEAN-IP IN FA\CY SILKS. f a
P2 Several thousand yards of Novelty Silks were disposed of last gj
g week, but n:any of the lines, of which we displayed immense quanti- q
t-cs. r.rc still to be had. Our strict rule not to carry soods over f rora g
E3 or.c season to another will be adhered to, particularly in this instar.ee. a
C therefore the enormous cut. Note these exceptionally low quota- 3
|j tions for the choicest silks: 13
13 Zorded. Checked and Fisrured Tnfrcta Silks, all this fall's styles. Qft_ n
Q were sold at $1.00 and 75c. Clean-up price Yard «j"C Q
G JW-toned Corded Tafteta. Brocade?, checked and pretty styles {?-* B
g in Figured TaiTeta. were sold at $1.25 and $1.00, Clean-up price. O/C D
E ; h -grade Nove'tv Silks, in new weaves, the choicest colorings, in ra
Q Fancy Duchesse. Persian effects. Plaids and many other styles o/\ n
B I ¦AeirSi?.T value Szoo and $i 50. Clean-up price Yard ©"C Q
E COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Q
B .-»¦¦!¦ 'J D
16him 51C00. Van R. Patterson demanded
one-half cf the total administration feet,
amounting to $3230, for his client. John F.
More, but Judge Coffey held that he was
only entitled to $3^50. the amount origin
ally asked for in his final account as ad
ministrator. The balance of the $5230 was
given to Mrs. Miller, present administra
trix.
Juds?e Coffey endeavored to affect a
compromise of the claim of Clifford More
for $19,000 for the sum of J3300. All of the
heirs with the exception of Mrs. Miller
and her sister were willing, but in the
face of their opposition Judge Coffey laid
the matter aside. Sufficient assets of the
estate to satisfy any judgment Clifford
More obtains must be withheld from the
final distribution, application for which
will coon be made.
DEMAND THEIR RELEASE.
"Writs of Habeas Corpus for Dr. New
man and Stephen Vaccari.
Dr. Samuel Newman and Stephen Vac
cari. who are held on a charge of murder
ir.i? Miss Su-E!la Tyson, were In Judge
Murasky's court yesterday morning as in
terested spectators during: the argument of
writs of habea? corpus sworn out for their
release. Miss Tyson, who died the victim
cf a criminal operation, charged Vaccari,
her betrothed, and Dr. Newman with the
crime.
Attorney Robert F^rra! appeared for the
physician and Vaccari was represented by
James A. Devoto. They contended that
their clients could not be held on what
appeared to be but what In fact was not a
dying: etatement arid hence they demand
ed the discharge of the prisoners. The
court took the cases under advisement.
January "Clean-Up"
Millinery.
This season's /•'"^V*v
goods marked for
quick selling at f^i xZs?i *
the lowest pos-
sible prices. < W^inM
1000 Black Quills,
were sc, n0w.... 1o Nv> L
1000 Natural Quills, W^W^C,, ,
were 10c, now . 3o ' l^-'l^^M'
1000 Black Ostrich >
Bands, were $1.50, now 750
SOO Silk Velvet Covered Frames, were
$2^o, now 950
Elegant Trimmed Hats, were $8.00 to
$10.00, now 94.25
Elezant Trimmed Hatf, were $15.00, now
.7. $7.60
Eleeant Trimmed Hats, were $7.00, now
2i $3.25
Eleeant Trimmed Hat 3, were $20.00, cow
„. $10.00
Fine Untrimmed French Golf Hats, colors
castor, blue and gray, were £2.50 and
$3.00, now $1.35
Misses' Fine Felt Sombrero Hats, navy,
brown and castor, were $2.00, now
$1.35
Big Bargains in
Crockery.
/->| Decorated Semi-por-
J^fe^nA. celain Chamber
vl.* g ( yj Bets, pink or blue,
r 2^**?*/ J) flower designs, 6
Itc!' -*>*^^ S: *—^ pieces, the
i ¦ - f"^»y«rt- \^? *7j comp lete
' g^g-JXsjjp. v/[))setfor
\^^ l {xidmSh^ .$2.10
3> =^ CS H N *';** \J Carlsbad
jZZ^^^i China Dcs-
Q^"^ se r t or
Cake Plates, gold edge, with Cupid
decoration in center, set of 6 90c
English Decorated Tea Cups and Saucers,
pink or blue edge, very pretty, set of 6
for SOo
English Decorated Dessert Plates to match
above cups and sau- _£**".¦ "'"y^
cers, set of 6 for... *$*<i~'* m -_Jy
500 ,3<
Largd size American y&7 I a_^v
Pottery Cuspidores,
raised design, brown, *zQ^z^/
blue and green, solid
colors, each. 350
Exceptional Values
Winter Shoes.
These handsomely shaped
<:~~ZZZ£\ Lace Shoes for ladies —
fil^d black Vici Kid. kid and
t^^Vi basket cloth tops, new up-
B^Lpfc t^ ate toe8 ' P atent leather
I^SS? Ji ?^ sewed flelible Bolea ' «
I%*Vn^ popular style, all
V Bizcs ' mU a: tk . e
V-^^^^v big store -per pair
V $1.98
The Emporium
$3^o Shoes for
men— made ia calf, box calf, willow calf,
vici kid and enamel leathers, new moderate
lasts and cp-to-date toes and Q
tips, are the shoes that we of- > ¦ ? 1
fer to those who have been in J />* J
the habit of paying $5.00 -rv^* \
for their footwear — all $§S\w\
styles and sizes JSy'^^'S'/
at the one
price — per pair Jr^
$3.50 C=3-^
Low Prices for
Door Mats.
You'll find all a Y . .
kind 3 in tha W'J>\ |\\ p i
House Furnish- ; 1:^1 IfJ
ing Department •/', »'""" fn'mJ
— main floor, y', 1 ._
re.ii win;, r-j- Xr^fraiimy*; w'.j»
beror cocoa j^£ m^'?^*-SH*jr
Best Cocoi^^^^ 5 "" 11 * 08^^
Mats, 15x25 inches, 45c. 17x23 inches,
60c. 19x31 inches, BOo* 22x34
inches, $1.00.
Wire Mats reduced to close cot: 15x24
inches, cut from $1.50 to- $1.00
18x30 inches, cut from $2.00 :o $1.50
Hosiery and
Underwear.
Astonishingly good values in winter
weights of Knit Underwear and Women' 3
and Children's Hosiery.
Ladies' Heavy Flesced-lined Cotton
Vests and Pants— patent finished seams,
colors ecru and natural, sizes 4 to 6— per
garment 250
tL a d i es' Un-
ehrinkable Wool
Vests and Pants,
colors pink, sky
blue.cardinal and
black, vests high
neck, long
sleeves, pants
ankle length with
French yoke
bands, sues 4 to
6 - per garment
«f IB
Ladies' Heavy-
¦'i.,, weight Spun
Silk Vests— colors pink, sky bhe, cream
and black:
Low Neck. No Sleeves $1.00
High Neck, Short Sleeves... $1.65
High Neck. Long Sleeves.. .sl.7s
Ctndren'3 Extra Heavy Fleece-lined Cot-
ton Vests, Pants and Boys' Drawers - a
pretty silver-gray color, »ize3 fcr 3to
14 year 3 of age -- per garment.... 25c
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Heavy-
weight Cotton Hose— extra high spliced
heel and doable sole, sizes S to 10— per
pair 250
Ladies' Imported Fancy Cotton Hose —
polka dot's and fancy figures, such &a
fieur de lis, lovers' knots, etc., colors
b!ac'<. navy and cardinal. They are an
normally good quality, figures and dot 3
being extracted, which warrants them to
be fast colon— per pair 25a
Ladies' Imported English Cashmere Wool
Hose — Merino heel and toe, double
sole- per pair SOo
Children's Imported Hermsdorf Black
Real ilaco Cotton Hose — lxl ribbed.
double knees, sizes sto 9£— per pair...
25c
Cloak Department GBean-Up.
More price-cutting — bigger reductions than ever. Some prices f&LH *$& /©/^h
cut almost in two. The finest goods have suffered the most. Jfflft* /«^o£r W*^l <£d&<y
Bay now while sizes and stlyes are complete. t?££&) \~& *£>*%
All Capes Reduced. AH Jackets Reduced. %&s¦¦ <%0
57.50 and $8.50 Capea n0w.54^5 $5.00 Jackets now $1.98 Qj&L \^C /^WTv^^TN
JlO.OO, 511.00 Capes n0w....^7.*5 $7.50. $3.50 Jackets now $4.95 /fc&7%*n^\ \ VQr \ \
$13.50. $15.00 Capes now... $9.45 $10.00, $12.00 Jacket 3 n0w..5 7.45 / jkF&Jf <Qr L\ V IKVt k\
$15.00, i 20.00 Capea z0*.514.50 $15.00, $16.60 Jackets n0w_50. 45 / jj2S>L f X> \ \if K\kJ
AH Tailor Dresses Reduced. V^fNO^A* 1C& *WAn\A
$12.50 and $15.00 Dresses now ..$9.95 t»A IuST \ \
$16^0 and $18.00 Dresses now $12.45 JVT V
$20.00 and $22.50 Dresses now $14.50 T ys&&>C i: Zr'XAS } |Sf j \ \\\.
$25.00 and ? 27.50 Dresses now^ $19*75 f " \ 1*
AH Skirts Reduced. // \\ 1
J3.50 Skirts now $1.98 510.00 and $12.50 Skirts now $7m45 \\\ \\ \
55.00 and $6.00 Skirts now $3.95 $20.00 and $25.00 Skirts now $14. 50 In \ \\\ \
AH Wrappers, Etc., Reduced AH Waists Reduced. /I \ \ \\ \
$1.00 Wrappers now 690 $1.00 Flannelette Waista now 590 If \\ \\
JI.OJ Black Sateen Underskirts, lined, n0w... 6 $2.75, $3.00 Wool Waista now $1.69 I J \\ \ \
$2.00 Fancy Underskirts now $1.39 $4.00, > 4.50 Wool Wai3ts now» $2,79 V^ \_^ \ \
$2^o Wrappers now $1.98 $5.0) Black Silk Wai3ts now $3.95 — gr — *— -*
U-o<3 Dressing Sacques now 590 $7.50, $S.OO Silk Waista now $4m35
January "Clean-Up"
Children's Jackets.
rf^Kh The big store
/^^ sells none but
<^r*^ the best all-wool
NV/' Jacket?, all of
X/\^ then well made
//), ?~;^\\ -^\ and man tailored.
**fd»>«l £^>l\ Children's Jackets
\ VV ' ;> Ar«»7 colors red and
4^3lEt the * box e?BCt3 '
J 1 -"y were fo.CO, now
y X cut to. $2.95
S Children's Covert
f Cloth velvet
trimmed Jackets,
like picture, ages
6 to 14. were
$6.50. now nit
to $4 OO
Heavy all-wool Serge
Jackets, brown and blue, for ages 8, 10,
12, were 312.50, new cut '... $6.00
All-wool Kersey Jackets, trimmed with
silk soutache, colon blue, castor and
garnet, for ages 6to 14, were ?10.CO.
now cut to $6-45
Tailor-cade, all-wool cloth Suits, with
silk-lined Jackets, for ages 8. 10 and 12
years, tan only, were {6.75, now cut
to : $4.5 J
GAELIC CALLS
AT HONOLULU
WITH THE MAIL
Several Passengers
for the Islands.
BARK lOLANI OWNED HERE
HAS BEEN ADDED TO "WTXCH A
CO.'S SrGAB FXEET.
>
Capt3in Etibbard Retains Command
cf the Castle — Captain James of
the Xaval Beserve Visits
ta« Pensacola.
T>» '""i'.-r.tal and Oriental Eteajnshlp
C •- . -r.;-s Gaelic failed for the Orient
yesterday. She goe^> via Honolulu and
•*•.:: carry ccssicVrab-e rsail for that pore
Honolulu she has eighteen passen
g-=r«. none of whom ceem to have the
: ¦ fear -'. the bubenic plague. Among
the passengers bound for Hongkong is the
t : wing par*?" oi f.ve, who are going
:hased the bark lolani from Brewer &
Co. of Hawaii ar<s she will in future run
between the Inlands and San Francisco.
The lolaxi was formerly the British bark
Thurland Castle, but «ne went ashore,
and after being got off was repaired,
given a Hawaiian registry and renamed
lolani. She was built in IST6 and is UTS
tons net burden. 2K feet long. 34 feet 8
inches beam and 21 feet 5 inches deep.
She has been carrying sugar between Ho
nolulu and New York.
The British bark Godiva was docked at
Mission street wharf Frida.y. There was
a very' strong tide running and in reach
ing her berth the bark carried away all
the fore and aft fer.der piles.
The scow schooner Mildred, with a load
of bricks aboard, drifted down <n the
revenue cutter Rush yesterday. No dam
age was done, as the scow dropped an
chor In time to avert a heavy collision.
The two vessels lay side by side for over
two hours and then, a breeze springing
up, the MlMred proceeded on her way
much to the delight of the officers and
crew of the Rush.
Captain N. T. James and Lieutenant
Commander Nearr.ey of the Naval Re
eerve trair.irg ship Marion paid a visit
to the Ur.Ued States training ship Pen
eacola yesterday.
Captain Rasrnussen. late of the schooner
Seven Sisters, has succeeded Captain
Matson &3 master of the old bark Ger
max:a.
A stem-wheel stearr.er to take the place
cf the Resolute ia carrying sugar from
the ref.nery to the city is now being fitted
out at Folsom street wharf No. 2.
REACHING FOE SPOILS
Bold Attempt of I*iveryman Fagin to
Get Possession of the 2lorgue
Team.
A ooia attempt to gain possession or tne
Morgue team and hold the same until
the new Supervisors take their seats waj
made last Friday night by a livery stable
keerer named Fagln. The team is In the
Scow Mildred and Revenue Cutter Rush in Collision.
or. a tour around the world: P. Hohendal -
Jr., Revs. N. J. Bies ar.d Geonr- J. Blat
tt, C. M. B. Sch«r.ke'.b«rg and E. F. Van
Hootegen. Mes>lan:es C E. Hampton. R.
H. Power, L. P. Smith ar.d E. M. Your.g
are the wives of arrsy ofScers who are
poir.g to Mar.Ha to join their husbands.
The Gaelic took away in all about seventy
cabin passengers and SM Chinese in the
H. Sounders, a United States sailor who
has been on duty on the Marion for some
tirr.e past, was tak^n to Mare Island yes
terday to be court-martialed. Instead of
being on duty v.he-n re-quired and ready
to answer a call Saunders was generaiiy
asleep, and objected most vigorously to
-irj? awakened. The effcers of the bat
n got tired of his ir.efnder.cy and re
i the matter. The resuit was that
— .arines came down from the navy
rard yesterday and took Saunders back
keeptsg of L*ary*s stable. 503 Sutter street.
Whenever the team and -*-agon are wanted
by the Morgue off.cials for the pur
pose of bringing a body to the Morgue
the team is telephoned for and it
Is driven to the Morgue by an em
ploye of the stables. Some one in the
interest of Fagtn telephoned on Friday
r.ight for the team, and when it reached
Merchant street it was seized by one of
Fasin's men ar.d driven to his stables.
Fagin notified the Morsrue officials that
he had an order from Supervisor Collins
to take the team and feed it at the city's
experu=e.
Yesterday mornir.g the Morgue deputies
telephoned to Fagin's stable that the rig
was wanted to go out on a case, and when
the outfit arrived at the Morgue it was
seized by the Coroner's men and sent to
Leary's stable. Coroner Hill having found
that Supervisor Collins had not given any
such order.
with fherr..
There was a considerable moving about j
of transports yesterday. The Aztec and \
Cestemukl vest to Folsom street wharf
t.r.i th« Valencia docked at Howard-street
wharf 0. The Tartar was moved away
:- d '.he wharf to erjible a coal barge to
p<=: alongside. She will b« coaled up arid
loaded by Monday night and will probably
Fall for Manila direct on Wednesday.
Neither the Aztec nor the Centennial.
v. blch are to carry horses, will sail until
the bubonic scare at Honolulu is all done
tway with.
Captain Hubbard is not going to retire
It m the bark»-r.:ir.e S. .N\ Castle and will
tike her out on her r.^xt trip to Honolulu.
The etory arose from the fact that Cap
tain Nelson of the William H. Dirnond
made s.r. offer to buy Captain Hubbard's
Ir.teresi in the Cast!«» and It was taken
under advisement. Captain Hubbaxd has
now refused to sell and will remain in the
% The bark Manna Ala sailed tor Horo
lulu yesterday loaded to the guards. She
was not able to take all the cargo offer-
Ir.g ar.d some of it will go on the barken
tine Vl*. H. Dlmond.
Welch & Co. hay* added another ves
ffrl to their is'.ar.d fleet. They have pur-
Dairy Agent Vanderbilt "Will Try to
Beach Santa 3£onica's Soldiers'
Home by National Legislation.
President McKinley and the members cf
the California Congressional delegation
are about to .be addressed on the sub
ject of the feeding of oleomargarine to
the Union veterans in the National Sol
fliers' Home at Sar.ta Monica. Those
wearers of Uncle Sam's blue cloth are stil'
consuming something like 80,000 pounds of
¦>l»nnaarparine every year, and all the time
there is good butter to be had by the ton.
borne time aero attention was attracted to
this abuse of the veterans. The fact was
acknowledged by the governor of the
bozr.e that the veterans were fed oleo
margarine. He ai*o said that he had a
contract for 17.000 pounds of the stuff per
luarrer. Since then William Vanderbllt,
agent and secretary of the State Dairy
Bureau, has been working out a plan to
protect the dairy industry of the State
from the competition of oleomargarine,
ar.d also to protect Uncle Sam's incapac
itated heroes from the ravages of the
compound used In lieu of butter.
Mr. Vanderbi't will address the Presi
dent of the United States and also the
California Congressional delegation, ar.d
will ask for the passage of a law that will
give butter to the soidiers at the home.
ft has been ascertained by Mr. Vander
bllt that there is no way to accomplish
this except by the passage of a law by
Cor.jrress-
President McKinley is. ex-ofScio. a mem
ber of the board controlling the home.
E*>lr.g an ex-soidler, the expectation is
that he will pay some attention to .the
matter. There is no doubt that the Cali
fornia Congressmen will try to have an
act passed stopping the sale of oleomar
garine to be eaten by the soldiers at the
home. The letters will go forward to
morrow.
January "Clean-Up" Sales Throughout the Store.
$2.00 Dress Goods for $1.33
$2.^0 " " . ¦,•" •; M 1.67
$300 " " " " 2.00
SENT UP FOR TRIAL.
Men Charged With Felonies Have
\ Their Cases Disposed of in
Police Courts.
The Police Judges have been anxlou3 to
clear their calendars, and as a result sev
eral felony cases were concluded yester
day. Waldemar Scholta, who was accused
of obtaining $1075 from Mrs. Linda
Scbulze, 1514 Polk street, by falsely rep
resenting that he owned property on Van
Ness avenue, was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan in
$1000 bonds.
Captain Jens Oleson of the scow schoon
er Amelia Martin, charged with assault
to murder for firing a shot from a shot
gun at his crew. Andreas Christian Yen
sen, on New Year's day. was. on the sug
gestion of the prosecution, set at liberty,
as tt was proved he had no Intention of
Injurine the crew.
Sam Anderson, a sailor who fired a shot
at Martin Johnson at Hyde and Union
streets during a dispute about Johnson's
wife, was yesterday held to answer by
Judge Treadwell on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon In J3>jO bonds.
Edward Jones, for breaking Into the
drugstore of F. E. Rockstroh. Seventh and
Howard streets, was held to answer by
Judge Treadwell on a charge of burglary
in $1000 bonds.
Harry Fox, charged with burglary for
entering Pat Malone's room in a dlxth
street lodging-house and stealing v cents,
had the charge reduced In Judge Mogan"s
court to petty larceny, and got six months
in the County Jail.
John Prendergast and Fred Keefer,
, charged with grand larceny for "rolllni
a drunk," in the person of Joseph Gra
ham, in a doorway on Third street and
stealing $20. had the charge reduced i-.
petty larceny by Judge Treadwell. nn<?
got six months each in the County JalL
DEMING'S BIG ESTATE.
The Inventory and appraisement of th«
estate of the late Halleck V. D«aairur. sen
ior member of the Deraing-Palmer Milling
Company. wa3 filed yesterday. Thosrwu
Magse. Theodore Reichert and V. D. Da
boce. the appraisers, find the e3tate to be
valued at C01.C34 "1.
The largest items on the Inventory are
cash. JK.317 03: 1124 shares of the capital
stock of the Deming-Palmer Milling Com
pany, valued at $3>>.£W: a piece of real es
tate at Beale and Mission streets, value :
at J37.iW. and real estate at Taylor and
Turk streets, valued at CB.CCG.
Common whisky Is a curs©— the Old Ckw-
eminent is a blessing. •
ship over the person and estate of her
father, Robert Wilson, who she alleges
is Incompetent. 'Wilson is possessed of a
considerable fortune, and notwithstanding
the allegations of his daughter other rela
tives declare that he is sound and active
of mind, and a bitter contest is expected.
The recount of the ballots in the Farn
ham-Boland contest was continued before
Judge Seawell yesterday. Friday four
precincts of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District were counted, and Farnham made
a net gain of eight votes. Yesterday four
more precincts were counted and Farn
ham gained two votes, making a total
gain up to date of ten votes.
M. F. Burke, convicted of burglary, was
given a term of three years In San Quen
tln yesterday by Judge Dunne, and Will
iam R. Mendenhall. convicted of an as
sault to murder, was sent to the same
prison for five years.
E. S. Pillsbury and Louis D. Radgeskv.
as executors of the will of the late D. V.
B. Henarie, have filed a demurrer to the
contest instituted by Mrs. Henarie. In
which they aak that the prayer of the
contestant be denied, on the ground that
her complaint does not constitute a cause
of action.
By consent Judge Lawlor has continued
the date of sentence for Mrs. Minnie
Adams, convicted of the murder of her
infant son John Richard Gray, to Febru
ary 3. Thomas A. Kelly, convicted of
knowingly receiving a forged bond, will
be sentenced on the 13th lest.
Th!» week- b«st Hfl W^ M^. g — . -<^ — ¦ _. ? _** T I «ij Th!» week —aU
makes. quadmpl« fS*** UOlU^ffl ffCUB^ ILMZA^I** linen Se taporwd
OEit H£ 2 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 25KS"
Special Sale
Hair Switches.
For Monday and Tuesday only, in Hair
Dressing and Manicuring Parlors —
£1.50 Switches for $1.OO ; S2£o
Switches, $1.50 ; $5.00 Switches....
$3.00
Hair Dressing, 25c; Manicuring.. 2so
Shampooing and Fact Massagt by first-
class operators.
O i
O <
1 Honest Criticisms |
o <
o <
offer new ways !
• of using j
O I
O I
I Grape=Nuts. I
O €
ecocoeoesooc3©oooooo«<
"The cook places three heaping
teaspoons of Grape-Xuts in a saucer
for each g^^st ar.d pours over the food
come hot milk cr hot water and allows
It to stand ten minutes; then serve with
rich cream and fjpar.
"I have served the Grape-Nuts food
In this -Ray at my table to numerous
friends, some cf « - hon do not care
for It dry. They are enthusiastic about
it ztrvf-h hot. ar.d it is so gTea.t a fa-
vorite with us that I have been tempt-
ed CO write, suggesting: that you add
the abovf- recipe to your package." — F.
¦^V. Leavitt. Minneapolis. Minn. (Mr.
Leavlrt 1? superintendent of the famous
Housekeeper Magazine).
There are many ways of serving
Grape-Nuts and making from them
tempting and delicious dishes. The va-
riety of tastes can be suited, and under
all circumstances It may be remeni-
*>ered that the food is first perfectly
and completely cocked at the factory,
and gives the highest form of nourish-
ment to the human body, for It is di-
rectly used by the system to rebuild
the brain ar.d nerve centers.
Ten dayE" trial by any thoughtful
person will prove the assertion.
LAWYERS' FEES ARE CUT.
Judjre Coffey Adheres to His Schedule
in the More Estate.
After years of litigation the final ac
count of Mrs. Eliza Miller, as executrix of
the estate of the late A. P. More, was set
tled yesterday and the properties are now
ready for distribution. The present value
of the eata.te Is tS4I.CC4 60.
In the face of great opposition Judge
Coffer adhered to his schedule regarding
attorneys' fees and cut the demands of
counsel more than half. Up to yesterday
the total amount of attorneys' fees paid
out was 521.050. Attorneys Storke and
Mhoon who represented Mrs. Miller, the
admlElstratrlx. demanded *7*». Judß-e
roffey allowed them $3000. Judg* O. P.
Evans wasted $3500 and the court allowed
COURT NOTES.
Mrs. Ella Smith, wife of Butler Smith,
real estate dealer at 14 Post street, ha^
filed an application for letters of guardian.
How to Save on
Groceries.
Bay them here— the big store sells only
guaranteed pure food products — the best
of their several kinds that can be bought.
Here's a brief list — of money-savers.
Direct Grocery Telephone South 59.
Best Dry Granulated Sugar, 21 lbs. for
$1 OO
Emporium Baking Powder, lb 370
Sago or Pearl Tapioca, lb So
Best California Cheese, very fine, 1b..13'S
New Pink or Pea Beans, 7 lbs. f0r... 25c
New Japan Rice, 5 lbs. for 25c
Imported Sardines, tin. 100
Uncolcred Japan Tea, good quality, lb
400
Laundry Starch, loose, Ib So
Good Tub Butter, lb 250
Ivory Soap, 2 bars for 150
Split Peas, per lb So
Whole Green Peas, U> 4o
Macaroni, Vermicelli and Spaghetti, lb.6c
Bost and Best Only
Liquors.
Every popular brand of Liquors, Wines,
Beer and Mineral Waters can b« fousd fa
the department, and most cf them as a
saving over the price you have been pay-
ing.
Grey Stallion Gia, large black bottle*,
from best distillery ia Hol!an£.s/.450
Llf» of the Orange 45/ OO
Shaw's Pure Malt Whbkey, bottle.^/- OO
Old Government Whiskey, distillery bot-
tlhg - - 950
London Club Tom Gia ~ SI.OO
Guinness* White Label Stout, i0z..52.10
Lash's Bitters, bottle 750
Old Crow Whiskey, full quart bottles. 9
years old $1.25
liehig'3 Beef, Iron and Wina 450
Birch' 3 Belfast Ginger Ale, dozen $ImsO
Crown Cocktaib. assorted, quart bottles...
$1.00
Port or Sherry, b0tt1e.....—...... 250
January "Clean- Up"
Bed Sheets.
1050 only, undressed, full size bed sheets,
made from even round-thread cotton,
size 81x90 inches, unbleached, the mill
cost of the material alone is 45c, these
on special sale this week while quantity
lasts, each 380
Men's Fast Blue
Serge Suits,
$10.00.
The big /p
store's " Fast J? :
Bine " Serge X^
Suits for men /^<^
are made of / \
pure 29-ounce / I
worsteds, with ( y/\
excellent serge \\.
linings. The N^*"
coats are in the I /
business sack L-*^
style, single- ; ! ,
breasted — and '/
these points we /
absolutely
guarantee:
Fast Color,
Perfect Fitting,
Newest Style, \>J—
All-wool Serge. ~<*j£aT
They will give you the same
service and satisfaction as any
$15 Serge Suit— £*/) OO
and our price i 3... 9¦ "B" B —
AGAINST OLEOMARGARIN
Sheets and
Pillow Cases.
Our anticipation of the great advances
in the mill prices of Sheets asd Sheeting 3
finds us with a full stock at the old prices.
We shall not advance cur retail prices
while quantity on hand liit3. Chir cus-
tomers will gat the benefit of cur buyer's
foresight. Remember that we handle
none but reliable cakes, bearing the
original mill brands.
Bleached Sheeting for single beds, 54
inches wide, per yard 12 1-2o
Bleached Sheeting for double beds. 81
inches wide, per yard 200
Pillow Cases, cicely made, fancy cord
edge, 45x36 inches, each 100
Pillow Cases, made from a roend thread
heavy cotton, our own special brand, than
which we can recommend no better.
Size 45x26 ische?, each 15c
Si 23 50x36 inches, each 16 2-3O
Size 54x36 inches, each. 17 1-2o
Linen Pillow Cases, 3lzght!y soiled, em-
broidered, made from fine Dresden
Linen, «iza 45x36 inches, each.
62120
"Clean-Up" Sale
Dress
Trimmings.
Handsome Spangled, Beaded, Black and
Colored Silk Mohair and Braid Trim-
mings — the broken colorings, small lota
and to-be-discontinued lines— go on sale
to-morrow and during tht vtsk at
One-Third Off
Marked prices. An opportune sale this,
in conjunction with the dress goods offer-
ing. If you take advantage of the latter
you can undoubtedly find in this collec-
tion the trimmings you will need for your
new dres3 at a very considerable saving in
price.
January "Clean-Up"
Undermuslins
Fine goods,
well made, Cf\
good assort- vl**»
ment, extra-
ordinary low <^T^^^a^
prices. f \ Wf£Sa£\
High neck Cor- j •'Pg? f *R"<K\
8e t Covers, J V { S^r* \
felled seams, \J*\^ J\rp&J3
lace trimmed, N^Ot^. *-~f
limit 3to a ///fs§^ 7 'n.
buyer ICC 7|^ J; X
Tenna Flannel ] •'///• ) \\lj
Skirts, lace
trimmed, or silk embroidered scallops,
were 75c, now cut to SuO
Tennis Flannel Gowns, pink or blue
stripes, were 65c, now cut to 45 S
Muslin Gowns, yokes tucked and hem-
stitched, cambric rufie on neck and
sleeves, clearing price 480
Elaborately embroidered trimmed Gowns,
like picture, fine tucks and braid finish,
were $1.75, now cut to $1.25
Ladies' Fine Skirta, 2 insertions and edge
of lace on Van Dyke ruse, lace-edged
dust ruffle, price was $6.95, now cat
to $4.25
Children's plain Muslin Drawers, tuck 3
and button holes, according to size, 10c,
12c, 15c, ISc, 20c, 22c, 24c.
$1.25 Standard sake Corsets, now cr.
, to -850
$2.00 Standard make Corset 3, now cut
to- - $1.65
January "Clean-Up "
Umbrellas.
Beginning Monday, / ///
and duriug tht rzeek C^y 0^ — S^ /
if the quantity on /*^^w^/X
hand lasts. The Em- '\ '^^p^y\yy\
porium offers about
250 Umbrellas, both C/^^/yCC\\
men and women's /c^/fyi?^kly^
sizes, that are slight- \^y^>J\^p\^
ly shop worn fromC-'^Sp/ v '\'
use in our store and ss^r'' t^T*
window displays at ( J*?
One-quar- %// \
ter Off
regular prices. These Umbrellas are un-
injured as far as their rain-shedding qual-
ities are concerned. Regular prices range
from $1.00 to $7.00 each— one-quarter off
means —
$1.00 Umbrellas 750
52 00 Umbrellas $1.50
$3.00 Umbrellas 52.25
*5.00 Umbrellas $3.75
Men's Sl.OO
Shirts, 55c.
For This Week.
They are the
famous Leoniinster .^-'""^^T^r"*-"-
Shirt Co.'a raaka J I*l 1
and considered the / * A — -.
best one dollar - . \s^ = -^
white laundered ft —
shirt in America. IB
It ia car c f ully flfl
made of the best fjj|j
materials, and no '
shirt at any price
£ta better. They
come in all sizes,
from 14 to 17—
not many 15 or .
15J —^°r one week \ A
cr until all are sold f \^^ _->i j
you can buy one U A^*— ** — \<i 1 ,
* for 55c
January " Clean-Up "
Blankets.
'me White California Blankets, an extra
quality weighing 6£ lbs., a large size,
78 inches wide, slightly soiled in store
display and therefore on special sale to
close this vetk while quantity lasts, per
pair ,$4.98
-]%c Dress Goods for 50c
90c " '* " " " 60c
Sl.OO " " " " " 67c
$i.2s Dress Goods for 83c
$1.50 ' " " " $1.00
£1./S i.ii
January "Clean-Up"
Comforters.
A line of our beBt cottoa-filled Comfort-
ers, an extra size. 6x7 feet, mad; from
Sn^ silkoline an-i liberally filled with
laminated sheet cotton, warm a; down
and choice p every respect. % $2.50
vake.on special sale this rzttk at $1.88
The Most Important Dress Goods Offering Ever Made by the
Big Store—Sale Begins at 8 a. m. Monday.
More than 600 short ends of this season's Dress Materials that have been selling
at from 75c to $3.00 per yard — lengths ranging from 2 1-2 to 15 yards — go on sale to-
morrow, and during the week if quantity lasts,
The assortment includes this winter's high art novelties, fancy mixed goods,
plaids, and many stylish weaves in plain materials (see display in four of the large
show windows). Lengths of six yards and under will not be cut.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
I
17
GBAPE-NTJTSA German Installation.
Next Tuesday night the officers of Her-
mann Lodge No. 145, I. O. O. F.. one of
the German lodges, will be publicly in-
stalled in the Prospect Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building.
CLOSING WEEKS
...OF OUR GREAT...
COMMERCE AND MINING.
Q"* ENATOR FRYE, chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, has been making strong efforts
* — to bring about at this session the creation of
a Department of Commerce under the direction of a
Secretary of Cabinet rank. He is reported to have
said in a recent interview: I here is a universal de
irand from commercial organizations that such a
department be created. In the last Congress peti
tions and memorials in favor of it were sent in large
numbers to both houses. I have reintroduced the bill
with some amendments widening the scope of the
proposed department, and it is now in charge of a
very energetic sub-committee, and I think myself safe
in predicting early and favorable action upon it."
As outlined in the reports from Washington the
bill provides that the Department of Commerce shall
have jurisdiction over foreign and international com
merce of the United States, except in that which re
lates to the collection of the revenue and the admin
istration of custom and internal revenue laws; it
shall have charge of matters relating to the manufac
turing interests of the countr>'i the extension of for
eign markets and the increase of trade facilities with
foreign countries. The following bureaus are taken
out of the Treasury Department and are put under
the jurisdiction of the new department: The lifc
taving fevice, the Bureau of Immigration, the Bu
reau of Statistics, the Coast and Geodetic Survey, the
United States Shipping Commissioners, the Bureau
of Navigation, the Bureau of Steamboat Inspection,
the Marine Hospital Service and the Lighthouse
Board. The department of labor is transferred to this
department, and so is the Consular Bureau of the De
partment of State.
There is hardly likely to be any question of the de
firability of creating the proposed department. Our
foreign commerce has now reached such vast propor
tions and is so rapidly increasing, that its affairs so
far as they are affected by the Government cannot be
adequately attended to by the State and Treasury
officials. It is said that at present Congressmen have
to send to as many as a dozen different bureaus for
the purpose of getting information concerning com
mercial matters when legislation affecting them is
under consideration.
The strength of the movement for establishing the
Department of Commerce will of course have the
effect of reviving public interest in the demand from
the mining States for the creation of a Department of
Mines and Mining. There is hardly any argument
used in favor of a Department of Commerce that
cannot be used with equal force for the other. Mining
is a vast and rapidly expanding industry. Its affairs
are now directed through a dozen different bureaus,
and so great is the confusion that it is difficult to get
a ruling upon a simple question of mining laws. It
would be of great advantage to have all the Govern
ment activities relative to mines and mining gathered
into one department and placed under the direction
cf a single head.
No reason exists why the commercial and the min
ing interests should antagonize one another at this
juncture. By combination they may succeed in pro
curing the establishment of both departments, and it
is to be hoped ther will do so.
RAILWAY MAIL PAY.
ONE of the notable features of the recent hear
ings by the Congressional Commission ap
pointed to investigate railway mail pay was
the testimony given and argument made on the sub
ject by Mr. Finley Acker of Philadelphia, and it is
gratifying that a digest of his statements has been
prepared for circulation throughout the country.
They serve to enlighten the popular understanding of
the question and will do much to strengthen the de
mand for a reduction in the exorbitant rates now
paid to the roads.
For the purpose of defending their position the
railway companies have employed statisticians to
compile estimates showing that the present pay is not
excessive. Mr. Acker takes these statistics and by
analyzing them proves the conclusions drawn from
them by the railroads to be false.
Last February certain postoffice statistics were
given out which showed the average haul of maU
to be 328 miles and the pay averaged 40 cents per
ton mile. Since then, however, railroad experts,
for the purpose of making their case stronger,
have submitted other calculations which indicate that
the average haul of mail is 813 ton miles and the
rate is consequently reduced to 12^ cents. It is
these latter statistics that Mr. Acker subjects to
analysis, and the result is disastrous to the contention
of the railroads.
Calculations of this kind are complex. The
primary factors which enter into the cost of any form
of transportation are: First, proportion of "dead"
to paying load, and space accommodations; second,
speed; third, length of average haul; fourth,
weight of average shipment; fifth, character of ser
vice, whether daily or spasmodic; sixth, cost of all
the details inherent in the securing, handling and
managing of the respective classes of traffic.
Taking all these factors into consideration, Mr.
Acker concludes that the fixed Government rate for
hauling 200 pounds of mail daily the full length of
the average mail haul is $94 77, while the cost for
hauling the same weight of passengers the same dis
tance would, at the lowest commutation passenger
rate, be but $2 07; or at first class freight rate hi
$1 36, or at the sixth class freight rate only 45 cents.
The above represents the rates for the lightest mail
routes, but, jumping to the opposite extreme and
taking the heaviest mail route, which is approximately
300,000 pounds daily, it will be found that the rate
fixed by the Government for hauling this weight the
full distance of the average mail haul (813 miles)
would be §73*7, while a similar weight of passengers
carried the same distance would-be at the lowest com
mutation rate $3121 02, or at first class freight ratc3
be $2048 76, or at the sixth class freight rates $6&2 92.
It must be borne in mind, moreover, that railways
ought to haul mail more cheaply than any other form
of freight because for the mails they do not have to
maintain any warehouses or clerical help. The issue
is the more important because upon it depends the
establishment of one cent postage for letters and a
cheap parcels post. So long as exorbitant rates arc
paid the railways for hauling mail those needed im
provements cannot be undertaken. It will be seen,
then, that a reform in the direction of economy in
railway rates should be promptly carried out.
CITYOFjIJI PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
To closa the balance of this season's Importation we will offer the following:
numbers at greatly raducad prices.
FANCY JACQUARD SUITINGS, reduced from $2.00 to 51.25 yard
ENGLISH PIEROLA CREPON, reduced from $1.75 and $2.00 to $1.50 yard
15 pieces ALL-WOOL 5 1 -INCH CHEVIOT, worth $1.00, at 75c yard
25 pieces ENGLISH STORM SERGE AND CHEVIOT, worth $1.25, at.SI.OO yard
HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY SUITS AT REDUCED PRICES.
500 REMNANTS, 2 to 5 yards, at HALF PRICE
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY PLLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
UNION SQUARE.
beneficiaries of the protective tariff assemble in
Washington and by lobbying with their Senators and
Representatives induce them to ¦ go into 'log
rolling' schemes by which enough opposition can be
'corralled' and united to prevent ratification. We
may be permitted to point out that these treaties are
not the work of theoretic free traders, but have been
prepared under the direction of President McKinley,
and have met with his approval, and yet, simply be
cause they are for public rather than private interests,
they are likely to be defeated by protectionist votes."
These attacks on the part of the opponents of pro
tection are not to be ignored, for there is an element
of sound reason in them. If any break occur in the
protective system by means of reciprocity, then there
will be danger of the whole system giving way. There
should be protection for all or protection for none.
"SOAK THEM GOOD."
rROM statements made to a correspondent of
-the New York Times by leading business men
in the South it appears that the favor with
which the renomination of Bryan is regarded in that
section is not based upon any great liking for the
Nebraska man or his platform. In fact, the South
is now more prosperous than ever before, and the
leaders among her people arc eager to rid the Demo
cratic party of the calamity howlers who now domi
nate it, but they discern no better way to achieve that
than by giving them free rein this year and letting
them go to destruction.
A gentleman of Birmingham, Alabama, gave his
views of the situation in this way: "Alabama will
send a Bryan delegation to the National Convention.
We expect to see Bryan nominated again. No; I did
not say that I want to see him elected. Let us name
him in obedience to the persistent Democratic de
mand that he shall be tried again. For the nomina
tion for Vice President I would suggest some young
and confident man from the East, as we cannot get
Sewall again, offering it, perhaps, to George Fred
Williams. Personally, I would like to see these nomi
nations on a ticket with the motto, 'Soak them good.'
None of the old politicians expect to see Bryan
elected. This town has been described as being full
of 'McKinley Democrats.' There are some of them
here. They do not care to try any experiments that
may result in the lifting of this blessed cloud of
smoke from the furnaces and coke ovens. We must
stand by the organization, however; that way lies
our political safety at home. That's all."
Nominate the old ticket and then soak them good.
That is the political wisdom, it seems, of the South
at this juncture. The policy is not altogether the tac
tics of despair. Many efforts have been made to find
a new leader for the Democratic party, but all have
failed. The efforts of Tammany, of Gorman and of
a number of Southern conservatives have been alike
fruitless. It appears, therefore, about the best plan
possible under the circumstances is to offer no further
opposition to the Bryan movement within the party,
but to leave it to the fate that awaits it at the hands
of the whole people on election day.
Were it not for the unfortunate complications re
sulting from the race antagonisms in the South there
would be a large Republican vote cast in those States
this year, and some of the more important of them
could be carried for the Republican ticket. No por
tion of the Union has enjoyed a greater degree of
prosperity under the tariff and financial policies of the
administration than that section, and the growth of
manufacturing industries there has been well nigh
marvelous.
It is but a few years ago since the Southern people
were devoted almost wholly to agriculture, and in
that gave most of their energies to the production of
a single staple. The country was hardly much further
advanced than the interior of Russia. Almost every
thing in the way of manufactured goods was imported.
A very different condition prevails there now. In a
recent review of trade conditions the Manufacturers'
Record of Baltimore said: "To-day the South has
$1,000,000,000 invested in manufacturing, with an an
nual output valued at $1,500,000,000, and paying $350,
000,000 in wages. Its cotton mills, with 5,000,000
spindles, representing an investment of $125,000,000,
already consume yearly 1.400,000 bales of cotton. It
is producing about 2,500,000 tons of pigiron a year,
40.000,000 tons of coal, from 10,000,000 to 11,000,
000 bales of cotton, probably 10,000.000,000 feet of lum
ber and 750,000.000 bushels of grain, and its railroads,
steadily improving and increasing in length, have al
ready a 50,000 mileage."
Is there any wonder that a people enjoying so much
of prosperity should desire to rid their party of the
domination and their country of the menace of Bryan
ism? Is it strange there should be "McKinley Demo
crats" all through the South? Bryan's chances of a
renomination are excellent, for those who are most
opposed to his policies are most eager to put him up
once more so as to let the issue he represents be set
tled at once and for all.
For the present Delagoa Bay is a more important
point in South Africa than Modder River, and diplo
macy is having as hard a tussle as war.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Route. Con-
necting train leaves 6 p. m., Monday, Wednes-
day, Friday and Saturday. Finest equipped
train and best track of any line to tho East.
Ticket ornce. 62S Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every'Bunday and
Friday. Ticket office, 62S Market street.
A Connecticut man who has just died at the age of
161 years is said to have attributed his length of life
to the fact that he never at any time used whisky,
tobacco, coffee or pic; and now there are folks who
argue that he never saw life at all.
A cablegram from London says a rumor is afloat
there that Ed Corrigan is going over next season with
a string of horses. San Francisco will shed no tears
if he goes and never comes back.
American whitewashes may find shortly a lucrative
field in Japan. Field Marshal Yamagata and Admiral
Marquis Saigo have been accused of corruption.
A shoemakers' union has just been organized in this
city with a membership of four hundred — all whole
souled fellows.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Gulllet's Ice Cream and Cakes. SOS Larkln
•t.; tel. East 198. •
Townsend's moved to 735 Market street.
"Will remove Feb. 1 back to Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Organist Holt Returns.
"William Holt, organist and choirmaster,
has returned from his trip south very
much Improved In health, and expects to
be at his post again to-day. The monthly
festival service in Grace Church takes
place this evening and some very excel
lent new music will be rendered. A new
barytone solo by Stephen Adams, the
companion to "Holy City." entitled "The
City of Light." will be sung by S. Homer
Henley. The "Inflammatus," from Ros
sini's "Stabat Mater," is to be given by
Mr. Veaco and full choir. The latter will
sing a new anthem by Stainer. Steam's
quartet, "Father in Heaven," is to be ren
dered by Messrs. Wendell, Smith, Henley
and Parent. For the offertory Batiste's
Offertoire in D minor will be played on
the organ. iS&BH
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— E. F. Brfttingham
of San Francisco is at the Rivers. J. P.
Le Count of San. Francisco is at the Ev
erett.
That our prolonged Money-Raising Sale
should continue to prove such a remark-
able success is due solely to the fact that
THE PRICE AND QUALITY OF OUR
GOODS HAVE BEEN FOUND SATISFAC-
TORY, to the patrons oF our establishment.
We aim to Further avail ourselves oF the
generous patronage thus extended to us,
and in order to insure the desired result
must necessarily place beFore the public a
full lineoF SPECIAL and EXTRAORDINARY
INDUCEMENTS, a Few oF which we quote
For to-morrow, Monday:
A large lot of DRESS LENGTHS and REMNANTS In BLACK CRE-
POXS, CHEVIOTS, SERGES and NOVELTIES at a iweepins re-
duction in prices. °
500 yards FANCY PLAID DRESS GOODS, assorted patterns, reduced
to 12 l-2c per yard.
750 yards SCOTCH FLANNEL SUITINGS, worth 50c per yard; on sola
A i saja rf j£teSi i E5S SKIRTS and gowns and ™ olen
A One assortment of TAFFETA and MOIRE NECK RIBBONS Ir. .11
colors and shades. 4 and 5 inches wide, reduced from 50c and 40c
per yard to 25c and 2Oc per yard respectively.
350 LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, handsomely lined and
60 *** lined and
A large lot of MEN'S FANCY PERfATP «mroTe
UK. with link cuffs, reducld ffom fl to 50c '"* "' ""*
500 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY. 1 to 8 Inches wide Ma n^rf «trl^
reduced in prices to from 5c to 20c per yard! MBorted Bt * les -
LADIES' SWISS KNIT IMPORTED UNDERVESTS In «« t, v, „ ,
- gray, fine quality, reduced from $1.50 to ?{^S' * X "*
120 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS r.r
ular price sc; reduced to 3c each. «**>i»iwJ!.«CHlEra. res-
tfU Murphy Building, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllisterSts.
RECIPROCITY AND LOG-ROLLING.
AMONG the advocates of the reciprocity treaties
now under consideration it has become the
fashion to refer to the objectors to them as a
"log-rolling opposition." That term is applied be
cause the various States whose interests are adversely
affected by the treaties have combined to defeat them.
It is the argument of the reciprocity men that such
methods of opposition are pernicious, since they set
up "special interests" in antagonism to the welfare
of the whole country.
The force of that argument depends wholly upon
the play upon words. Reciprocity and log-rolling
are, in fact, well nigh synonymous terms. Each
means that one party confers a favor in expectation
of an adequate return. .If it be permissible to ar
range a treaty with France by which we agree to give
certain commercial privileges to that country in ex
change for equivalent privileges, it is also permissible
for the representatives of one State in the Union to
arrange with those of another to make a fight for the
advantage of both. The justness of the two agree
ments is not to be affected by calling one "log
rolling" and the other "reciprocity."
In issues of this kind the object of our Government
should be to provide for the common good of all the
States. There is no reason why the fruit and wine
industries of California should be called "special in
terests" any more than the industries of the East
that are to be benefited by the treaty should be called
special. If the representatives of California,
Nebraska, Ohio, Louisiana and Florida who have
united to oppose the treaties with France and
Jamaica be log-rolling, so is the combination of the
representatives of other States who are upholding
the treaty. So far as that is concerned honors arc
even.
Republican leaders can hardly overlook the fact that
these unfortunate treaties have had the effect of re
viving the hopes and the energies of the free traders,
and that if persisted in they may result in bringing
upon the country a renewed agitation of the whole
tariff question, with a consequent disturbance of our
industrial activities. The free trade organs have, in
fact, been prompt to take advantage of the opening
offered, and they are already discussing reciprocity
to the disadvantage of the protective system. Thus,
for example, the Boston Herald, in commenting upon
the objection to the treaties, says: "If we had a
tariff based on revenue, and not on the greed of in
dividuals and corporations, then concessions made
for the purpose of benefiting the general trade of the
country would be acted upon by Congress in a broad,
general manner. As it is, a trade treaty which may
be of benefit to millions of our people is blocked
and its ratification prevented because a few score
A PRUSSIAN PROGNOSTICATION.
OF all the predictions and dreams of what may
be achieved by nations and races during the
twentieth century that have been put forward
for the instruction or the entertainment of the world
perhaps the most interesting to us is one which the
New York Sun has dug up from a programme of
the future outlined by a German publicist in the
Preussische Jahrbucher. The writer sees for Ger
many and France a grand career on this continent as
well as elsewhere, and thus presents his view of it:
"In the British Dominion of Canada of to-day there
live about 1,300,000 Frenchmen, and of 211 representa
tives of the Canadian Parliament not less than 55 are
Frenchmen by descent and language. Besides, the
attempted revolts of 1838, 1569 and 1885 have proved
that this French population has by.no means lost
consciousness of its past and its national rights. If
thereto be added those Frenchmen who to the num
ber of about 500,000 live scattered, but as French
men, in the United States, there exists in case of a
French-English conflict a reserve of French strength
upon which a resolute French policy can build with
hope of success. Then, however, the moment would
have arrived when it should be the task of Germany,
in co-operation with France, whose sphere of in
fluence would be the eastern half of British America,
to attempt to gain a foothold from the West in the
regions on the Pacific Ocean and to try whether it
be impossible to arouse the two and three-quarter
millions of Germans in the United States from their
'national lethargy,' and to induce them to lay, with
the assistance of the fatherland, on British ground
the foundation of a colony on the Pacific Ocean."
A scheme which divides Canada into different na
tionalities by means of a combined uprising of Ger
mans and French is certainly entitled to high con
sideration by all who delight in the good-fellowship
of rousing romance. That it should be advanced at
all is an evidence of the high ideas which the Ger
mans have of the future of their imperial career.
There would not be such extravagance in the minds
of men intelligent enough to write accurately were
there not a deep feeling on the subject among the
German people. It is pretty well understood that the
Kaiser aims at establishing an alliance with France,
which, with that already existing between Germany,
Austria and Italy, would make a virtual federation of
Western Europe, with Germany at the head of it.
Then could be undertaken with comparative safety
the effort to break up the prestige of the empires of
Great Britain or Russia, as the Kaiser might deem
most advisable.
Such dreams have been running in the minds of
German jingoes for some time, and some of them
may be realized. The scheme of dividing Canada,
however, is not so much a dream as a nightmare.
The publicist who advanced it ought to take some
thing to cool his head.
Susan B. Anthony recently broke the record for
eighty-year-olds in a three days' visit to Detroit, dur
ing which she addressed a business college, three
women's clubs, attended two banquets and a luncheon
given in her honor, presided at a Unitarian meeting
and sat for her photograph.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. E. B. Smith of Detroit Is at the Pal
ace.
C. R. Scott, a railroad man of Portland,
is at the Occidental.
R. N. Burgess, a merchant of Stockton,
Is at the Occidental.
J. D. Ludwlg, a merchant of Mariposa,
is a guest at the Grand.
James H. Hawley, a mining man of
Boise City, is at the Palace.
W. D. Scribner, a Wells-Fargo agent at
Tombstone, Is a guest at the Russ.
John Sparks, the well known mining
man of Reno, is stopping at tha Palace.
A. Albrecht, an insurance and real es
tate man of Fresno, is stopping at the
Lick. -;t
Albert Jenks, a capitalist of Los An
geles, and wife are stopping at the Occi
dental.
Theodore Mau. Louis Schwaee and
Adolf Schwaee of Los Angeles are at
the Grand.
S. L. Stanley and wife of Dawson are at
the Russ. Mr. Stanley has met with great
success in the Klondike.
W. W. Douglas, assistant controller. Is
down from Sacramento for a few days
and has registered at the Grand.
Charles N. Young, the manager of Em
ma Nevada, and Louis Blumenthal, the
well known cellist, are at the Palace.
W. L. Erwin, V. C. Wehe and John
Costa arrived yesterday from Downieyllle,
Sierra County, and are stopping at the
Lick. Mr. Costa brought with him a nug
get of monstrous size and has struck It
rich while mining in that section of the
country.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE CENTURY QUESTION— G. E. M
8., San Rafael, J. H. F.. Dodson and oth
ers. This department has answered the
century question more than twenty times.
BACK TO RENO— Stranded, City. This
department cannot inform "a young lady
of a way to work her way back to Reno,
Nev., and greatly help one who Is strand
ed in San Francisco."
GREATEST SOLDIERS— "W. H., Ala
meda, Cal. "Who were the five greatest
generals in war?" Is a Question that Is
susceptible of as many answers as there
are close readers of history, for each
one forms his individual opinion. It Is
asserted, however, that the following
named were the greatest soldiers, in the
order given: Hannibal, Napoleon Bona
parte, Julius Caesar. Alexander the
Great, the Duke of Marlborough. Fred
erick the Great, Bellsarius, Philip the
Great, Washington and Grant.
A WAR TOKEN— Commuter, City. The
token of which you sent an Impression
and which shows that It bears date of
1864. with the words "Union Forever"
around a sj-.iold and has an Indian's head
on the other side. 13 one of more than
3600 tokens that were issued by merchants
during the Civil War and used for small
change. There Is no record of those who
issued such tokens, except such as bore
the names of the merchants issuing
them. They are offered, all different, fif
teen for a quarter, twenty-five for half a
dollar, fifty for $1 25 and 100 for $3 50.
QUESTION OF RESIDENCE— Two
Subscribers, City. The new charter of Sin
Francisco provides as follows In regard
SUNDAY CALL'S
FINE ART WORK
[Nlles Herald.]
The San Francisco Call is turning out
some fine art work this winter, and Its
holiday number was of especial interest
along this line. The literary work Is all
good.
to the residence of those who may be ap
pointed to positions under the city covern
ment: •
"All deputies, clerks, assistants and oth
er employes of the city and county must
be citizens of the United States, and must.
during their respective terms of office or
employment, actually reside In the city
and county and must have so resided for
one year next preceding their appoint
ment." • \ -
By a careful reading it will be seen that
the one year's residence refers to "next
preceding their appointment," not appli
cation. A person might mako application
and not receive appointment for mere
than a year after. As to eligibility of re
turned California volunteers from Manila.
It Is possible that the Commissioners will
hold that a man while In the service of
the United States does not lose his resi
dence.
CHESS— O. E.. Pacheco. Cal. Chess is
such an ancient game that Its origin is
unknown. Many of the most learned
Oriental scholars have written upon the
subject, appealing to history and philol
ogy to support their theories. It has
been ascribed to a Chinese manadarin by
the name of Han-Sing, who. It Is said.
Invented it as an amusement for his sol
diers in winter quarters about 174 years
before Christ. They call it "the play of
the science of war." Sir William Jones,
the great Sanscrit scholar, claimed that
Hindu traditions, the names of the pieces
and other particulars Indicate that chess
was played in India in the earliest times.
He wrote that a learned Brahmin assured
him that it was mentioned in several cf
the oldest books of India, where It was
declared that it was invented by the wife
of one of the most ancient Kings of Cey
lon to amuse that monarch while Rania
besieged his metropolis. This, by their
reckoning, was two or three thousand
years before the commencement of our
era. On the other hand, several later
scholars of Sanscrit think It was invented
by Buddhists, some time between the
third and ninth centuries, A. D., a theory
inconsistent with the unwarlike nature of
Buddhism and the fact that the Hindu
name of the game, "chaturanga." is a
military name, signifying "the game of
armies." Others have ascribed this game
to Babylonians, Persians, Scythians.
Egyptians. Jews. Greeks and Romans.
but the weight of evidence is in favor of
its being of Indian or Chinese origin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY .7, 1900.
EMMA NEVADA
IS WELCOMED
BY HER FRIENDS
Returns Home After
Fourteen Years.
SEVILLE INCIDENT RETOLD
Kmma Nevada, one of the great singers
that California has sent out upon the
world to win fame In many countries, ar
rived at the Palace last night. The prima
donna will give two concerts In this city,
the first to-morrow night at the Califor
nia Theater. Her journey to San Fran
cisco has been one long ovatidn, punctu
ated by concerts in all the leading cities
of the country.
Mme. Nevada Is .accompanied by her
husband and daughter, who is 13 years of
age and who gives promise of being such
another songstress as her mother. At
the Sixteenth street station, Oakland, the
diva was met toy Mrs. Mills of the Mills
Seminary and several friends whom Ne
vada numbers among the Intimate asso
ciates of her girlhood days.
"I sang in Reno last night," said Mme.
Nevada, "and you can't Imagine how
happy 1 was to be among the friends of
ray childhood. My reception was most
cordial and enthusiastic. Of course I am
a Californian, but was taken to Nevada
In my Infancy almost. I wish I could stay
here a month; it Is so lovely to return to
a home where flowers such as are seen
nowhere else in the world flourish in lux
uriant abundance."
Nevada then turned to a large table In
her room that was completely nidden be
neath floral pieces large and small, saying
at the same time that this was the coun
try for her.
In regard to the incident in Seville last
April when Nevada was hissed and hooted
by the Spaniards simply because she was
an American, the prima donna has the
following to say: "Oh, it was dreadful.
I< or many years I have been a favorite In
Spain, and I thought nothing of appear
ing before a Spanish audience. On this
occasion I was singing 'Lucia,' and I
sang as I never sang before, although the
parquet and the boxes were empty, the
result of intention and malice on the part
of those who never before missed one of
my performances. When I discovered the
reason of the cold house I redoubled my
energies and my patriotism boiled over.
The first act was finished and no ap
plause; the second act witnessed the same
result, nothing but the chill of an Icy up
per house. The manager of the theater
came to me and advised me to withdraw,
fearing violence, but I refused and fin
ished the performance. The next night
the house was packed, but not out of
honor to me, for the audience came with
the Intention to insult me. The ladles
turned their backs toward the front of the
stage, and even thM did not daunt me. I
sang my best and for my singing gained
their applause, but the woman was
hissed. Forgetting themselves they gave
me several encores, only to hiss when I
came to the front in acknowledgment. It
was really a fearful night. The next day
I started to leave the country, but was
forced to change my plans on account of
the solicitations of the Queen, who in
sisted on my accepting an invitation to
the court at Madrid, where I sang before
her and was honored by an official recep
tion."
Nevada is In the best of health, but a
little wearied after her trip. After her
San Francisco concerts she will go to LO3
Angeles and then East en route to Paris
which is now her home.
SUNDAY JANUARY 7, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'l I»LICATIO.\ OFFlCE...llarket and Third. S. K.
Telephone Slain IbGS.
CDITORIAX. ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterrnson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered ttr Carrier*. IS Cents Per Week.
Slosxle Coplen. O Cents.
Term* by Mall, Including: Pontasret
HAII.Y CALL flnclnrtlnir Sunday), one year. . fO.OO
DAILY CALL. (Including Sandar), <l month". . 3.00
DAILY CALL <lneludinir Sunday), 3 month*. . I.RO
DAILY CALL — llj Slncle Month 63n
fcLXDAY CALL One Year 1.00
WEKIiXY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
smbacrlptionsi.
f ample copies Trill be forwarded when requested
UAUUSD OFFICE DOS Broadrray
C. GEORGE KROGVESS,
Jlanairer Foreign Advertising. Marqnetie Build
in rt. Cblcaso.
JCEW TORIC CORRESPOXDEXTt
C C CAALTON Herald Sanare
JfCW YORIC KEI'HESEjrTATmEI
PERRY LlltE>!» Jit 2O Trlbone Balldlns
CniCACO VICWS STAXDSI
Sherman IJoaaet P. O. \cw» CO.l Great Xortli
ern Uoteli Fremont Hounej Auditorium Hotel.
SEW YORK SEWS STANDS 1
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brcntano, 31 Cnlom
fiQurci Jlnrrur 11111 Hotel.
WASOIJCGTOX <D. C.) OFFICE. .Welllnjrton Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES T. 27 Mnntcomcrr street, cor
ner Clay, open until Bi3O o'clock. SOO Ha yen
mtrr^t, open until O:3O o'clock. 030 McAllister
street, open until !>:.'{o o'clock. 615 Larkin
street, open until *JiM> o'clock. IJI4I Ml-Mon
street, open ontll 1O o'clock. 2201 Market
•treet. corner Sixteenth, open until O o'clock.
1006 Valencia street, open until l» o'clock.
I'MI Eleventh street, open until O o'clock.
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky |
street*." open until l> o'clock. :
AMUSEMENTS.
OrrhMira— Vau<! Grille.
California— "With Flylnr Color*."
California— Emm* Nevada, to-morrow nlrtt. •
Columbia — '-The Christian." to-morrow night.
Grand Opera-house — "Sinbad."
Grand Opera.-!! ouse— Symphony Concert Thursday afternoon,
January IS-
Alctiar— "Chtmrcie Fa<J<Jen."
Alhacibra"Duel Foueht by Two Women In an Affair of
Honor."
Chutea, Zoo and Theater— Vaudevill* ev^ry afternoon and
evening.
Olymjjla, oorner Mason and Ellli streets— Spedaltlea.
Panoraisa. Battle cf Manila Ca.y. Market street, neap
Eighth.
L'mon Courslcj Park— Coursing to-< Jay. .
tVostern Turf Association— P.aces to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By Ea*ton. Eldrffire & Co.— Tuesday, January 8, at U
©clock. Real Estate, at C3S Market street.
PEREMPTORY
MONEY-RAISING SALE
18Carlisle's Team Entertained.
LAWRENCE. Kans.. Jan. «.— The Car
lisle Indian School football team stopped
in Lawrence to-day on its return from
the Pacific Coast, where a Christmas game
was played with the University of Cali
fornia team. The Carlisle men. numbering
about twenty-five, were taken from their
special car to Haskell Indian School and
entertained during the day. They started
on the Eastern trip on the, Santa Fe at
6 o'clock this evening.
A. Carrlgan, handicap 16; W. B.
Bourne, handicap 10; A. B. Watson, han
dicap 12; R. V. Watt, handicap U; L. B.
Edwards, handicap 20, also entered, but
did not play.
Late in the afternoon the annual meet-
Ing of the San Francisco Golf Club was
held In the clubhouse, the principal busl-
ness being the election of officers to serve
during the present year. H. B. Good
win was elected captain and R. H. Gay
lord secretary and treasurer. The other
members of the board of directors in ad
dition to the captain and secretary are
J. W. Byrne, Charles Page and H. D.
PlUsbury.
The ladles' putting competition for the
tall Bohemian glass flower vase pre
sented by J. Wi Byrne will begin at ll>:30
o'clock on Monday morning and will
probably consist of putting four balls
from four different points on the edge of
five of the greens, the competition on all
nine greens being considered too long.
The only lady who has entered a score in
the book during the present year is Miss
Alice C. Hoffman, who has played round
twice In 69. 67. Among the ladles who
will probably take part In the putting
competition are Mrs. H. C. Breeden, Miss
M. O'Connor. Miss E. Chesebrough. ixlss
H. Chesebrough. Miss Maud Mullins.
Miss Sarah Drum. Miss Cam Crockett,
Miss Mary Scott. Mrs». Scott. Miss Caro
lan. Miss Taylor and Miss Edith Mcßean.
If the weather should be dry from now
until Monday morning the greens will be
In somewhat better condition than they
were to-day and will play faster.
ADVERTISEMENTS
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vicror
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Wpits
Free trial packages of a most remark*
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distributs
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly. premati>r«
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grat-ful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it 13 needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles tcaC
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absoluto
success in all cases. A request to ih«
State Medical Institute. 33 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. Th«
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the ;re«
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weaknes3 whea
the proper remedies are employed. Th*
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free samp*.
carefuly sealed in a plain package, to
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar»
requested to write without delay.
After the Big Fight.
UTTCA. N". T.. Jan. $.— As an evidenca
of good faith the Genesee Athletic Club
will post a guaranteee of GOTO Wednesday
for the Corbett-Jeffries fight in March.
The club's matchmaker. Tim Hurst, ia la
New York endeavoring: to land the bt£
bout for this city. The local club offer*
a CO.OOO purse.
Football Dispute Decided.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 6.— The person ta
whom the Chlco-Sacramento football
game of New Tear's had been referred
for arbitration has decided tho scora
should be nothing for each team. Chioo
had claimed the game by 2 to 0.
DR. VAUGHN BY A NOSE.
Exciting Finish in the Audubon
Handicap at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 6 —The Audubon
handicap, to-day's rtake event, furnished
one of the best conte?ts of the meeting,
the first four horses finishing less than
r^cks apart. Verify was backed into fa
voritism, but had a* rough Journey ail the
t* ay and was unplaced at the end. I'enne
ville. with tcp weight up. made the run
r.i"^ and tired at the end. Dr. Vaughn
got up In the f!::al stride and won by a
r.use The revival of Yuba Dam in the
last race caused Fome comment, as It vrs
ir. ?irur.g contract to her recer.t perform
f-.re<=. The weather was tine and the
tl k fas=t. Results:
"•' . .' eeU'.ng — Itorterfam won. Lexlnytnn Pt
*at<- se^-^nd. Atalantua third. • Time. I:O- "
.¦^.i furl<.nr»— Kindred won. El C«ney a*eon'l.
I : -. . f \>n»nia thirl. T'.rrre. I:UV
.V.:l<* and a. quarter, eflllce— Our Nellie* wdij,
S^-iier wc-cnd.-*«.-hbr>x thrrri. Time. !:11H-
Au4uboa h«a<3icßr. D»Ue— Dr. Vaurhn wen.
laureate inMnd. Molo third. Time. 1:41%.
• _ .. . r_Yut* Dam won. Colonel Cxaaiiy
» •A. Kuj-isftrlci third. Time. I 42%.
SUCCESS OF AMERICANS.
LONDON. Jan. 6 —The Field says:
".\>ver had the English turf experienc»d
a nwrc severe shuck than that adminis
tered last year by a handful of traiis-
Atiantic thoroughbreds and Jockeys. At
ti.'.s mome::t people are trembling in their
I ¦ lest th<" l>rrl>y be subjected to in
eradicable «-<>:i!nrni nation by beirur won by
a fielding. We dimt mind an American
cult— but a gelding!"
The wrttor r«>f>r= to the coming of Cor
rlgan'* string, and arM*:
"U'hrth'-r Ui<» American animal ami
traininj; are adapted to the Ideal of Kn?
llkli racing is v. hat m n.re waiting t<> f^e
pri-ven. The cup horse is the English
iCral. We have yet to learn whether the
Aniericiin anlmn.l Is of this stamp."
PRIZE-RING TRAGEDY.
CHICAGO, Jan. «.— "Toung Griffo'
made his reappearance In the ring to
nigrrt a: Chicago Athletic Club. His opoo
r.«?nt was Jack Lewis, a local lightweight.
The bout was for six rounds and Gnffo
v.as given the decision, he having had the
better of it ail the way through.
In one of the earlier bout« of ths even
ing Charles Kro#ter was knocked out ny
Jame? Drixcoll. At midnight he had not
recovered consciousness despite the work
#,f the .ihvKirims. Kroeter comes from
Ulue Island. 111., thirty ml!*s from Chi
cago, end haa been flghtins; with fair sue
c»-ss in local events for two years. Dris
o6U jiTpo is a local man.
The Klndery»rten. for two-year-old wits and
reldinps. Entrance $5. Guaranteed IICOO. Five
furlonss.
The Memorial, for all a«es. Entrance ii.
Guaranteed JUCO. Fire and a half fuTlonjrs.
Th* Brewer*, for two-y^ar-oMs. Kntnuice 15.
Guaranteed tlioo. Six furlo^ss.
The Mississippi Valley, for t!sr»»-year-ol t is
and upward. Entrance C Guaranteed fIZCO.
Ore mile.
Th» Menirnae. far tnr**-y»ar-old3 and uj
ward. Entrance to. Guaranteed fL*s. Or.*
mtle and seventy yards.
The Laurel, for three-year-olds and upward.
Entrance 15. Guaranteed 51504. Six furlor.es.
The Missouri, for two-year-o!d3. Entrasc*
J3. Guaranteed tlZOd. Six furlongs.
The Independence, for three-year-olda and cp
ward. Entrance t."». Guaraateeed IliCO. On*
mile and three-sixteenths.
The Mound City, for three-year-olds aad up
ward. Entrance JS. Guaraateeed dJOti. Six
and a half furlongs.
The Golden Rod. for three-ytar-olds. En
trance li. Guaranteed $150"). Seven furlongs.
Th» Coronation, for two-year-olds. Entraac*
15. Guarante*»ed tIOCO. One mile.
The W. J. Lemp Brewing Company, tor two
jrear-oMs. Entrance 13. Guaranteeed fOCO Six
furlongs.
The Juvenile, for two-year-olds. Entrance S3.
Guaranteed JlOvO. Six fuTlor.js.
The Nlmrod, for all ages. Entrance C Gua-
an:»ed HOOO. Six furlongs.
The Midsumrr»r handicap, fcr three-year-olda
and upward. Entrance i" t . Guaranteeed $:%o.
One eille.
The Press, for all ages. Entrance C Guar
anteed HOOO. Five and a calf furlongs heats
The Boulevard, for three-year-olds and up
ward. Entrance $;. Guaranteed $1000. One
m!!e and seventy yards.
The St. Francois, for all a««a. Entrance 8
Guaranteed tlP"). Six furlonss.
The New Century, for th--»-year-ol.is and up
ward. Entrance Vi. Oi iranteed Jl.'<-. Two
miles and an eighth.
The St. Louis Derby fcr IVt. Entrance £rt«-
COOO added. One mile and a talf.
Smith's Moreed, 3—4: F. Mack's Delia M b*at
J. M. Haltons Tlc-Tac. 7—2; E. M. Kellogst's
lowa Boy beat W. C. Glawon's Terrontte, 2a— 9.
John Grace Jr. is confined to his bed
with an acute attack of rheumatic ff.vr.
The announcement was made yesterday
that the usual midweek stake will bo run
on Wednesday. The draw will be held to
morrow night.
INGLESIDE COURSING
Some good coursing was had in the run
down of the open stake at Ingteaide
Coursing Park yesterday. Scottish Chief,
a 1 to 4 shot, surprised the wise ones,
b<-ating Young Flrenzi in a well contested
course. The day's results follow:
Open Etake — J. I. O'Brien's Statesman' beat O.
M. Abercruir.bie'a Victor Kins. 6-4; Kussell,
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat E. Nally's
White Diamond, 6-0; Bartels Bros.' Ballroom
Be lie beat I*. Reilly's Expense, 5-0; W. C.
<i'.a-*ir.'i Sleleh Bells beal J. £egg*rson'ri
White Chief, 6-4; P. McCabas Bony Buy Uat
E. ConnlfC'g liercultss, li-0; Coxinell Bros.' Ma
mie Pleasant beat James Dean's Gallant, 5-0;
J. Gold Hill, beat D. J. Heal^y's
Maori Land. 4-0; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal beat H. A. Declcelman's Snapshot. 7-2;
Connell Bros.' tmnmore beat E. M. KellogK's
Lady Gilmore. 5-2; Connell Bros.' Good-by beat
A. Van den Eurgh's Naughty Girl. 3-0; Oonnell
Bros.' Clover beat P. McCa.be' s Sky Blue. 10-4;
J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom U-;tt P. Kellly's
Richmond (Juren, 4-2: FV Moran's Hit of Fashon
beat J. Perry's Hed Wings. 6-1; D. J. Healey~a
Lady Claire Deat Connell Bros.' Senorlta, 1:1-3;
M. Michalik's Glenroy beat Barters Bros."
Beer Brewer. 13-3: A. Van den Burgh's Cop
perhead beat D. Ford's Bonlta. 5-2; F. Moran's
False Flatterer beat M. Tlernan's Klldare, 6-0:
H. A. Lvckelman's Glen Chloe beat T. J. Cro
nin's Iron Duke, 7-2; H. Lynch's Lexington
beat A. Van den Burgh's American Eagle. 12-9;
J. Dickson's Black Bess beat H. H. Gray's
Terronctte, 7-4; J. Seggerson's Candelarla beat
F. Kotbman's Justice. 6-0; J. Edmonds Morn
ln* Glory beat Joe Perry's Commodore Nash.
6-0; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes beat
Murphr A Toiand's Twilight Jr., 6-0; H. A.
Deckelman's Rocker beat J. Anthony's Patriot.
3-2: M. Nealon's Athene beat Ed Wilson's Mag
nesia, 14-1: E. M. Kellosz's Hummer beat P.
Rellljr'e Lady Granite, 4-0; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Master Claire beat M. B. Kavanach's
Hard Lines. 7-4: J. Dean's Ml a! mo beat H.
Lrnch's Loiterer, 4-0; James Oeati's Conne
mara beat T. J. Cnmin's Race of Tralee, 16-6;
H. A. .Deckel man's Old Glory beat H. H. Gray's
Rona. 11-7: M. Mlchailk's Joker beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's Santa Rita. S-6; T. Loran's Mlas
Grizzle beat T. Ronalng'a Dempser Laae. 4-0;
Larkey & Rock's Minerva b^at Fleming 1 Bros."
Flame. 10-0; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Miss
Penman beat W. H. Shear's Bendoran, 14-2;
J. Holdens Bcottlsh Chief beat J. O"Sh»a's
Young Flrenzl, 21-14; T. N'evln's Nellie N boat
M. London's ilagpeto, 7-5; Lowe & Thompson's
Patrla beat T. F. Logan's Leah. S-5; Russell,
Allpn & Wilson's Charming Belle beat D.
Ford's Juanlta, 4-2: Murphy A Toiand's Pleas
ant Girl beat Bartels Broe.' Border's nest. «-0;
H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat T. J. Cro
nln't Maid of Ball. 1-2.
with a selection from the rr.any ar.swrrs.
You will also _f.nd other diagrams sub
mltied by persons who do not agree with
:: 58 Dodd. and doubtless you will be
interested in studying out the question on
each side. '
It is &n interesting fact that among all
tliese letter writer* only two mro>te In
e^rterr.ent with Miss Dodd's position.
r>r.e was a Washington man who signed
himself "Calh-our.." The other writes
f r m Brooklyn. These letters will also b*
published. All others attacked Miss
Dodd's theory with rljs-or *»d mathe
matics; some with sarcasm acd laugh
ter.
Anyway, you only have till midnight.
co at it without delay. Do you agree
with the Century Dictionary. Flamma
rlon ar.d a thousand Herald letter writ
ers, or do you hold with Miss Dodd and
"Calhoun"?
Analogous to Bicycle "Centuries."
To the Editor of th« Herald: Common
cense would dictate that nineteen centu
ries must contain 1900 years complete, or
21.500 months. Any one arguir.g that the
f.r<t century ccnr.m^r.ced with the year 1
must necessarily argue that the first cen
tury closed with the close of the last day
of the year 19>. and consequently the
dneteenth centory must close with the
last <lay of the year 1900. A person who
bad ridden ISS9 miles and one lap, who
would claim to have ridden 1900 miles.
would r.ot receive credit for common
ccr.se. It would be no more than fair to
suppose that the Journey h3d been too
much for him. E. W. LONG.
Newark. N. J.
Sinple Question of Arithmetic.
To the Editor <if the Herald: It may
ret be useless to the Her&M readers to
posed date of his birth was correctly
taken, when would he be 190) years old.
or. In other words, when would he begin
his twentieth century? It 13 evident that
not until he had finished his first year
was he one year old and beginning his
second year; not until he had finished
his tenth year was he 10 years old and
beginning his second decade; not until
he had finished his hundredth year
would he be 100 years old and oeginnlng
bis second century", and not until he had
completed hie nineteen hundredth year
would he be 1300 years old and entering
his twentieth century-
The whole question then turns upon
whether the first year of hi 3 life is to be
called year 1 or year nothing. In all
reckoning with mathematical terms we
deal with unit* and aggregates of units.
To make up 100 we must take 100 units,
and to make up 1900 we must take 1900
units. If our unit is a«year we require 100
years for a century and 1900 years for
nineteen centuries. Suppose we bad twenty
hundred logs, divided into piles of 100 each,
or twenty centuries of logs. On these we
are to keep a primitive record of time by
cutting a notch on the first log erery
day for a year from the birth of Christ
and burning it on the first Christmas an
niversary, and then proceeding to do the
same with the second and ail the suc
ceeding logs for the second and follow
ing years. It requires but a moment*
as the writer can lay claim to. the twen
tieth century begins the first instant of
the first day of January. A. D. 1301, Just
is the first <fentury began with the first
day of the first month of A. D. L As a
matter jof fact, no one know 3 when it
begins, as the correct date of the birth of
Christ Is unknown, and ia not likely ever
to be discovered. A. G. MARSHALL.
Century Has One Hundred Years.
To the Editor of the Herald: Will you
please set people rtght? Thexa are so
many people confused about when the
end of the century- is. Of course each
one thinks he is right-
Are there not !?0 cents In a dollar and
100 years In a century? Ergo, as Gobbo
Bays, next year December 31. 1300. will
close the nineteenth century, and January
1. 1901. will begin a new century.
A TEACHER.
Regard the Centuries as a Debt.
To the'Edltor of the Herald: If not
ungallant to differ from a woman. I
would like to state that if Margaret Z.
Dodd owed $1900, or 1900 years' ser
vice, she would learn that even 1599
and 959-1000 does not make 19C0. In other
words, a thing is not whole until it is
complete, and we are not at the end of
the nineteenth century until we shall
have reached December 31. mfdnlght. 1900.
and begin to say 1901. Then begin* the
tolling of the twentieth century, another
become Instructed on the use of the fig
ure naught (0) as a final or terminal of
each decimal. Neither a decimal nor a
century could by any possibility begin
with a naught. Nor could the end of a
scries of hundreds be written in any other
way than ISOO. ISOO. 2000. 3000. etc. A new
furies must cf necessity begin with the
figure l. This Is clear !n arithmetic, and
reasoning power is required only In mod
eration to understand why the year that
marks the century's end Is written 1&00.
Yours. ROBERT PROCTOR.
One Hundred Complete Years to
Century.
To the Editor of the HeraJd: Allow me
to criticize the "Century Diagram" of
Marram Z. Dodd by calling attention to
a fact which It falls to note that a group
of ten or of 100 years is not complete
until the end of the tenth or of. the one
hundredth year. Therefore 1900 years are
nor. past until the end of ISOO, and we be
gin our twentieth century with the nrs«t
second of l&OL It is a plain truth, but
cr.e obscured by thoughtless custom.
C. A. W.
Pennies and Dollars Illustrated.
To the Editor of the Herald: Why
don't you end this idiotic controversy
about "When does the new century be
gin"? Such "transcendental logicians"
at Margaret Z. Dodd only produce indig-
CCOP.DING to the Century Die-
/^ tlcnary, the twentieth century-will
begin January 1. 130 L This is in
| \ accordance with the opinion of
f Flarr.raarion. the great French a -
? tronomer. as published in the Her-
a.!d two weeks ago. and mun defl-
nitely decide, this much discussed
Question. The Herald haa received a
thousand letters from readers on this sub
ject. For years no controversy swms to
have «o stirred up the thinking ar.d arpu
ing puMlc Numerous requests have
reached us from persons who have maJe
b*ts uron the beginning of the next cen
tury, and have jtskod the Herald to de
c!'!» Thexa. The definition Quoted above
and Flammarion are the Herald's author
ity, and persons making bets may find
them «ood enough to serve their pur
i sea aiso.
For many months this controversy has
l • D raglcg. and !t received a tremen
dous impetus {ast Sunday in the publlea
¦ a by thf Herald of a solution offered
ly Margaret Z. Dodd. Miss Dodd sub-
Tr.ittcd a diafrram on which sho ba>od an
argument tJ.a.t the century ends at tnld
r.lpht to-n'ght. Brginnir.g with the next
replies began to pour into the Her
a!ri office
Miss Dodd's diagram and argument ar»
repeated torday on this page, together
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
All of Dr. Humphreys* Specifics are as
efficacious as "77" for Grip and Colds.
H:s Manual on the care and treatment
,of the Pick may be had for the asking
at your drug etore or will b*» mulled
fr«»e; tells how Specific No. 1 dissipates
F< v.-rs. how No. 9 cures Headache, and
No. 10 dyspepsia. Indigestion and \V>nk
Stomach; how No. 11 helps Suffering
Women, how Xo. 14 allays Skin dis-
e&sea. Eruptions. Salt Rheum, Nottle
:...-!:: how No. 15 helps the sufferer
from Rheumatism, how No. 27 «;a?e3
the Kidneys and No. 20 relieves the
Pladdcr.
For sale r>- all drucslsta. or sent on racelpt
of :-.¦-. 1"... each, or Cva for tl GO fmay be
**«tirt*d).
Uumrmr^y*' Homeopathic M'dletne Co-i oo»»
act WUilaia tad John •t».. N«w York.
Are Thus Unable to Formally Trans
fer Control of Racing to National
Cycling Association.
A meeting of the board of governors of
California Associated Cycling Clubs was
called for last night, but, through lack of
a quorum, no bUHlne?s could be trans
acted. It was purposed to formally' trans
fer the control of track racing on this
coast to the National. Cycling Association,
which governs the spprt In this country.
Officials of the association have signified
their willingness to accept the trust re
posed In them and only the formal trans
fer remained to be made.
Another meeting will be arranged short
ly, when the requisite number of members
will be present, either in person or by
proxy, and the necessary action will be
taken.
The regular ticket for officers of Olym
pic Club Wheelmen has been named as
follows: President. James \V. Mullens;
vice president. Edwin Goeller; secretary,
F. C. Montealegre: treasurer, R. B. Russ;
captain, T. G. Bptllane: executive commit
tee, William M&ckie, "W. H. Haley and G.
WHEELMEN FAIL TO
SECURE A QUORUM
ADVTBTISEMXNTS.
66 S'^r77 Fisaaaa j £
*'Kreaks up
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
New Year's Consolation Handicap
Played and the Council's Cup
Competition Concluded.
Though tho weather yesterday was
propitious the rain which had fallen pre
viously rendered the course at the Pre
sidio heavy and soggy, so that low scores
were difficult to make. The final round
in the competition for the council's cup
waa played between R. H. Gaytord and
E. J. McCutchen, the former winning—
7 up 6 to play.
For the eighteen-hole medal play, con
solation handicap, open to all except the
winner and runner-up in the council's
cup contest, there were fifteen entries,
eight of whom handed in full returns. S.
L. Abbott Jr. won first prize with a gross
and net score of 33. Major H. J. Gallagher
taking the second award with a score of
106 less 7— 99. The full scores are given
in the table: - <
as traveling mate for "Kid" Parker. A.
S. Edwards, who trained the "Kid" for all
his battles and who put Green in condition
for his fight, has offered Green the chance.
ILL TIMED
PLUNGE ON
GAME FORTE
Almost Left at the Post and
Then Finished Second.
Tanforan Results.
A mammoth furniture car could not
have contained the coin the crowd at
Tanforan wagered yesterday on Forte.
Schreiber's horse ruled an even money
choice for the last event on the card
and the books were fairly besieged with
money. Forte waa practically left at the
post with only four facing the barrier
and Corrigan's Chimura carried oft all
the honors. After making a wonderful
run the favorite made a heroic bid for
the purse, being beaten but a length, al
though the winner may have had a
pound or two in reserve, which is doubt
ful. This fact only tended to further in
cense bettors, who saw their coin pan
roasted through bungling work of the
starter. Following the usual precedent in
such cases Caldwell fined Bullman. the
rider of Forte $100 for "his" stupidity.
The track was dead and slow time was
the general rule. Four first choices were
ruthleealy slain.
Barney Schreiber's handsome Balwogan
filly, Sofala, against which i to 1 was
laid, had the honor of capturing the first
two-year-old sprint of the year. She ran
like a tried performer, beating out Cor
rlgan's Rathgar four lengths.
Braw Lass, the entry of "Walter Jen
nings, went to the post favorite for the
maiden event, but could never get closer
to the front than third. Alter a quarter
had been covered Miss Reel, an outsider.
assumed the front position, leading to
within eighty yards of the wire, where
Albert Baldwin collared and beat her out
a scant length.
The mile selling run went to Red
Pirate. Nine to ten at post time looked
a good price against the chestnut horse,
and he won with apparent ease. Sum
mer, an BS-pounder. made all the running,
but tired the last furlong, losing the
place to Alicia. The start was a very
ragged one, Mldian being left.
In the mile and a quarter event Daisy
F. the 8 to 5 favorite, made short work
of her company. Potente made al! the
running for a mile when Jenkins gave
the first choice her head and she won
hands down. Scotch Plaid finished a close
third, behind Potente. Topmast showed
speed, but has evidently lost his form.
Only the unexpected showing made by
Continued on Page Twenty-s=?SS^
ST. LOUIS STAKE ENTRIES.
Below will be found a complete list cf
stakes offered by the St. LouU Fair Asso-,
elation, to be run at the summer meeting,
commencing May 13 and lasting for ninety
days. St. Louis is the natural shipptng
point for California horses, and the
Mound City stakes will no doubt draw a
big entry. Entries close January 13, an«i
can be made to Robert Aull. president, at
the Fair Grounds. St. Louis, or to Joseph
A. Murphy, secretary, at the Occidental
Hotel, this city:
The Inaustiral. for three-year-olds and up
¦wanl. Kntnunce 110. Guaranteed ROQO. On«
mile.
The Club Members* handicap, for thre«-year
oids and upward. Entrance SIO. Guaranteed
fSM). One mile and a quarter.
The Turf Congress, for two-year-olds. Ea
trar.ee 110: fZQGO added. Six furlongs.
The Junior Championship, for two-year-old*.
Entrance $10. Guaranteed JIOOO. SU furlongs.
The Debutante, for two-rear-old fliilej. En
trance 13. Guaranteed $1000. Four aad a half
furlonf*.
DISAGREE
ON MERITS
OF BOXERS
Adherents of Neill and
O'Brien Each Claim a
Victory.
The sporting men who attended the
Neill-G'Brien fight on Friday night are
unanimous in the opinion that It was a
one-sided affair. As to which man had
the better of the sharp engagement there
is a wide diversity of opinion, which no
amount of argument can reconcile. The
friends of O'Brien point to the number of
blows he landed, and the Nelll men show
that none of them were effective.
On the other hand. NoIIl did terrible exe
cution on O'Brien's body, as was evi
denced by the efforts the latter made to
get away from them and the pained look
on his face when they landed. It Is gener
ally conceded that O'Brien is one of the
cleverest boxers in the country, and that
he would show brilliantly In four or Fix
round bouts. He Is not the stiff puncher
his size would lead one to believe.
Men who bet on Nelll believe that what
he needs more than anything else if a
professional second who understands his
business. Such a man would have sent
Nelll In to fight when O'Brien was palpa
bly In trouble Friday night, instead of let
ting him get a much needed rest. This
ia not the first time Nelll haa been handi
capped by having Inexperienced people in
his corner who have held him back at op
portune times. His tactics of letting
O'Brien hit him, at will when he found
there waa no sting In his blows deceived
O'Brien's followers, who thought Nelll
was tired and could not fight back.
Nelll went Into the ring a strong favor
ite. When the betting opened on Friday
O'Brien waa favorite, the odds varying
between 10 to 8 and 10 to 9. During the
day there was a steady play on Neill. and
a big commission placed at a late hour
sent him into the ring a strong favorite.
There was $4434. bet in the Paris mutuels
at Harry Corbett's. Persons having Nelll
tickets on the line in which the fight end
ed drew $4 So for each dollar invested. The
O'Brien adherents drew $( 40 under the
same conditions.
The purse was divided, each man, It is
said, receiving $1011. The men in the pre
liminary received WOO. the lion's share go
ing to Green. Both Nelll and O'Brien ex
press a desire for a return meeting. They
met in the Hammam baths after their en
counter in Woodward's Pavilion and held
a short discussion on the nght. The young
California middleweight Imparted the in
formation to his late opponent that he was
fortunate the police stopped the bout, oth
erwise he would have been knocked out.
O'Brien good naturedly told Nelll that ho
was a good fellow, but he did not know
what he was talking about.
O'Brien was on the streets yesterday
afternoon, and had no scar nor bruise to
give evidence of his engagement of the
previous evening. He afttrms the blow he
landed on NeiU's stomach was a fair one.
and also that when the police stopped tne
fight he should have been given a decision
on points. He stated that If the blow
was foul Nelll should have been given the
decision.
"I was waiting for Just such a punch,"
said O'Brien. ' I knew I would get the
opportunity, and when it came I let a
straight left go to the pit of the stomach.
I have never In my fifty contests fouled
a man, nor have I been admonished for
doing so. Nelll blocks well, but he cannot
hit a hard blow. He jolts well, but he
cannot punch effectively two feet from his
body. lam perfectly willing to meet him
again at the same weight. I will be ready
in three weeks' tlnu- to fight him again
if satisfactory arrangements can be
made."
Phil Green, who defeated Ast, may act
BEACON IS
FAVORITE FOR
THE STAKE
Sensational Sport Is Promised
To-Day at Uniorf Cours
ing Park.
The run-down of the open stake at
Union coursing park yesterday resulted
in fonie sharp competition. The liaihs
were generally strung ones. A high class
lot of dogs are in the running to-day, and
some sensational coursing Is expected.
Curtis & Son's Beacon has been made, fa
vorite for the stake. He won a great
course from J. P. Thrift's Brutus. Cav
alier, also from the Curtis kennels, is f.cxt
in demand, and after' him come Wtitte
head.. Lottie M., Vulcan, Rollicking Airs.
Royal Flush. Thornhlll, Sleety ilist,
Lucky Dog, Motto, Pepita and Carmen
cita. Lottie M In rounding into form and
is i:.i.-a:r. a factor in the game.
Tho favorites were uniformly successful
yesterday. The most notable upset' was
the defeat of Mose by Wanda. The former
was favorite at o«1ds of 3*; to 1. Vanity
Fair led and beat Emm Pasha, which'was
favorite at 2 to 1. Ever Sure beat O X
Capitol at the Eame odds. .
Forget beat Reck Island King and lowa
Boy beat Terronlte after running nearly
three minute*. The detailed results of. the
coursing, with the official scores, follow: ,
K. M. Kellogg" B lowa Maid beat Ha.ll &
KawcU'a Rough Rider, 8—1; Hall & Newel Ts
Nonpareil beat W. F. Hobb'a Mercy Mar, J— l:
J. Shaw's Lucky Dog b«at Ed Ev&tt'a Hurrt
can, t— o; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat
Pasha K »"••'¦ Kr..:n Taaha. 4—o;4 — 0; R. E de B.
Lopez'* Wanda beat R. I*. Taylor' • Mos«. ?— 0;
R. H. de B. Lopez's Peplta beat W. Creamer's
Rei<ort. 9—l; R-. E- <le B. Lopez's Bara beat '
J. Kttn&n'i Bi&cklocjt, s—l;5 — 1; Erwln & Uyoa'a'
May Queen beat R. H. <2e B. Lopez's Wonder.
22— g; R. E. d«* B. Lopez's Cara-.encita b»at
Sterl i. Knowles' Kuctr Gold. «— 4; F. A.'-Me-
Cornb'n Motto beat Lande & Gerber's Concord,
s—o:5 — 0: F- A. McCorab's One Spot tx-al Joe "Wat
fcln'B Mrrcllefs. 7—4; Maher * Reid's Uncle
Fuller l*at Curtis * Sunn McKlnley. 7-*; J.
Kennedy's Ever Sure beat J. Hurley's O X
Cap'.toJ, C— J; George M:iw FJcyrocfcet
teat J. Dennis' October Woodcock. 10— 6; R. E.
do 11. Loper.'* Whitehead brat Kay X- Tram's
l>udler Diamond, 12—0; Curtis & Bon's Vulcan
l*-at C. Browns Van Ntda. 6—o; J. P. Thrift's
Foriri™ beat J. Kepr.an's Royal f>ak. t— o; J.
Mi-Knroe's Nor'wfft boat J. Watkins" Merciful,
»-6- T. J. Cr<mtns Thomhili twat J. B>«rn«s
BatllesMp. 12 -«; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
tK-at Jrfr Martenet's Bernal Boy. IS-6; Curtis
* Bt>a'» Klytns Fox beat \V. JI. Jor.f-s' Rustan.
6--4- Curtli * &>n'« Commodore beat Gus Aber
rrornble's Mil's Richmond. *-:: T. J. Cronin's
I*-t>end On Me beat Pajha Kennels' Miller's
lUbhte, 9-3; Kay * Trant's Hawker beat J.
Kennedy's Wtne West. 4—o; Pasha Kennels'
Itiililcklnic Airs boat A. J. Kemp's Slprnal. 4—l;
J*fr Martenet's Bernal Chief beat S. Mahoney 8
Chief of the Hill. Jl-IO; Maher &. Reid's Bad
B«y toeat P. J. Rally's Royal Union. 7—l;
Fauna Kennels' Sjrlvia beat O J. Olson's Bam
burst, 4— I); J. P. Thrifts Forget beat Gus
AbcrcTomble's Rock Island Kin*. 1»— S: Lande
& GtrtxT's Rlenzl beat >lah*-r & Reid's On
ward S— 4 I'aiha Kennel*' Host Aiwured beat
R & K. Scott's Lord Uyron. 8-0; J. Murnane's
WDdWOOd beat Erwtn & Lyons Silver Lyon,
U— 7- Gus Abercron-.ble's Mise Rabbit beat R.
F de B Lopez's Diablo. 13—7; Curtis & Son s
Beacon boat J. P. Thrift's Brutus U'-lflr Cur- "
tl* & Son's Cavalier beat W. IL Jones Lady
Marlon, *-3; F. A. MrComb's Royal Flush
beat J. B)TTiff Olympus. 12— »: D;_ Chella s
<JoM«r. Ruswt l>rit Curtis & Sons ( a«n. 7— 4;
J Byrnes' -Eleven Spot beat Erwln & Lyon s
Silver Win*... &- 0: Sterl & Knowlts' SJeety
MlKt a bye pretcndT withdrawn; li. Lyn<*n s
Mystic Maid liesa E. Baumelster's Warrior.
8_«"H Lynch* Lottie M beat R. L. Tayl'M-'s
Beauty ' Ppot. 4-3: P. J. Rellly's Warship beat
Mah« f* Reids Nvnie Batra. 4-3: Jeff Mar
tenet'. Bill Fcter beat Kelly & Hanleys Baby
Kin* 6—*- E. Baumelster's Winning: >\ ays
b-at B L- 'Taylor's Torment. 4— I; J. Hurley>
Envlock beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempsteari.
4-4; W. Creamer's Jesa* Moor* beat J. H-
COURSING SPORTING EVENTS RACING
HERE IS WHY "X. Y. Z." BELIEVES THAT THE NEW CENTURY BEGINS WITH 1901.
January 1. 1341, when he had lived forty-one years. And
on January 1, 1530, he had lived a full half century.
If he were living now he would, next Monday. January
1, 1900, be a full century old.
If we can imagine a child born with the first day of
time, how should we count differently? And why?
Human vagaries are as numerous as the seashore's
Bands, but the vagary that makes of a century 101 years
is the most inexplicable of them all. CALHOUN.
Washington, D. C.
computation to see that on Christmas,
1539, we would burn the one thousand
eight hundred and r.lnety-ninth log, and
the one thousand nine hundredth, com
pleting the time record for a full 1300
years from Christ's birth, would be con
sumed on Christmas. 1900. We have then
got rid of just nineteen centuries of logs,
and would begin marking the first days
of the twentieth century on the first log
of our last remaining 100. Bo astronomi
cally, mathematically and according to
the calendar and such "common sense"
nation among your intelligent subscrib
ers, because of the waste of valuable
space for such nonsense. I notice all
these "logicians" base their theory on
the idea that the year 1 was composed
of one second, the last . second of that
year. Perhaps an object lesson would
make It clear to these positive intellects.
Procure 1500 pennies, or $19 worth. Di
vide these into nineteen heaps consisting
of 100 pennies each. Call each a "cen
tury" of pennies. Now take one penny
away from the nineteenth heap and "lm-
FIRST CORRESPONDENT WHO AGREES WITH MISS DODD.
To the Editor of the Herald: It is a comfort to find
a person occasionally who thinks as Margaret Z. Dodd
does on the century- question, and this though M. Flam
marion himself must be contradicted.
My father was born March 7, ISOO. Now. we will say,
instead of March, he was born January 1. 1500. His age,
like the age of all babies, was counted by months until
twelve of these had fully passed: then he was called one
year old. And was one for another twelve months,
•when he became two years old. He was called 40 until
-•" -•- ¦ - ¦¦¦!¦¦' ¦
Calculating from the
lero point of the new
dispensation, namely,
at the commencement
cf the Christian era,
the first y«:ar began,
and twelve months
from January 1, A. D.,
the fir?t year ended
December 31. A. D. 1.
century. The first day
of January. 1»1. will
be the very first day of
that century, and the
first hour of that first
day of January will be
the very beginning of
the twentieth century.
During the second
100 years the years
January, A. D. 2. was the thlrteent!
month, and the second year of th<
Christian era began on that date.
At the end of A. D. 10 the first de
cade Is completed, viz. :— December 31
A. D. 10. At the end of A. D. 20 th<
second decade U completed.
The figure 9 occurs as follows ir
the first century— 3, 13. 29. S3. «9- S3. C 9
rs. S3. 99. It appears that . th<
end of each decade is mark
ed by the furore naught <0) not &
The ninety-ninth year begins no new se
ries, but remains an. integral part of the
uncompleted century. When the one hun
dredth year dawned upon the world the
first century was drawing to an end. On
the last day of the one hundredth year
the second century was awaited as the
year A. D. 10L Just as the figure naught
(0) terminates each decimal 10, 20. 30, 40,
W. 60. 70. SO. 90 or 100. it also ends each
completed century lfX). 200. 300, 400. etc.
The mathematical completion signified by
the recurrence of this figure is not a ques
tion for common sense to decide — since It
belongs to the science or arithmetic. One
hundred, therefore, represents ten series
of tens, SOD represents twenty series of
tens, or 20 multiplied by 10; 100 taken ten
times represents 1000. To represent this
operation we add a naught (0) to the fig
ure 100, thus making it 1000.
The last year of the first decade. was
the year ten (X), not nine (IX). The last
year "of the first century was not the year
99, but the year 100 Itself. At the end of
the ninety-ninth year the one hundredth
year began, but the second century could
not begin till the one hundredth year had
run its full twelve months. Thus, by in
ference, the year 1593 is the eighteen hun
dred and ninety-ninth year, but the hun
dredth year will have to be written 1900.
At the end of *the year 1900 the nineteenth
hundredth year A. D. will be complete,
not before. The following January. A. D.
1901. will be the first month in tho next
were written 101, 102, until 139 was
reached. Yet this was the only means
of expressing in numbers the addi
tion of l-i-100. 2+loo. 3+loo, etc.. as
SSt-100 or 99t-100. But 99-f-100 is not
e<iual to 200. Nor Is ISOO-99 1900. It is
simply ISO 9. When we add ISOO-rIOO it
will be 1000. And that begins and
likewise ends the last year of the se
ries of 1300 years. When we write 1901
we are in the first year of the next,
the twentieth century. X. Y. Z.
TABLE CONTRIBUTED BY "COMMON SENSE."
100 years full and complete.
BEN K. CURTIS.
Flammarion. Not Disturbed.
To the Editor of the Herald: How can
you print such utter rubbish as M. Z.
Dofld's diagram?
M. Z. Dodd bases her argument upon a
totally false proposition. The year 1 13 be
gun when you "reach" A. D. 1. It 13
ended when you end A. D. 1 and reach
A. D. fc That "the lady doesn't agree
with Flammarion" is no disgrace to the.
latter and probably won't disturb hl3 se
renity of mind. If "the lady" has a baby
brother, please fiad out if it was born a
year old. Mine only began its second
year at the end of its first. Is that ab
normal? I suspect the Lord did Just the
same.
Perhaps the lady's baby brother slum
bered for twelve months, so she- called
that A. D. 0. Mine yell-d most of the
time, so I called it A. D. (with a very bltr>
1. Perhaps she doesn't understand enough
Latin to translate. A. D.
H. B. SHAEN.
Was There a Year ZeroP
To the Editor of the Herald: One of
your correspondents, Margaret Z. Dodd.
gives, it aeems to me. rath<er an erroneous
explanation of the fin-de-siecle tangle.
How would Margaret Z. Dodd write the
first day of the first year? Evidently
January L year 0; but peopla with equal
claims to "common sense" wrote it Janu
ary 1. year 1. In reality one year is
passed when wo reach December 31, year
1, and ten years are passed when wa
reach December 31. year 13, ani 100 year*
are passed when we reach December 31.
year 100. and 1900 years are passed wnen
we reach December 31. year 1900.
.v- HARRISON M. PARSONS.
agine" that penny cut into about 36*
parts; take one of those 364 parts of a
penny and throw it back into the nine
teenth heap: would your nineteen heap
consist of 100 pennies or 93 and 1-3C4 of a
penny? So your nineteen centuries of
pennies are r.ot complete until you add
the other 363 parts to the heap, and your
nineteen centuries of years are not com
plete when you "reach" January 1. or
the first day or 1900, but when you also
add the SS3 other days, making it 12
o'clock, or midnight. December *tt, 1900.
A SILLY SUBSCRIBER.
Score Kept by Yule Logs.
To the Editor of the Herald: There- la
a delightful quality of neatness and dis
patch in the diagram and explanation
with which Margaret Z. Dodd in the Sun
day Herald of December 24 "confutes"
M. Camllle Flammarion's "opinion" as to
the end of the century. .It is done some
thing after the manner of the resource-
ful hotel chambermaid who put ten men
Into nine rooms, and yet gave each man
a separate apartment. The fallacy lies in
the deduction following the word "there
fore." The only "common sense" infer
ence to be drawn from the lady's dia
gram Is that the year 1300 Is required to
make up (or, as she says, "Is passed
when you reach") 1900 years, and not till
the end of the year 1900 do we pass into
the twentieth century. If Christ were
still living, and assuming that the stip-
THE CENTURY DICTIONARY'S
DEFINITION OF A CENTURY
NEW YORK HERALD, DECEMBER 31.
CENTURY — A period of one hundred years, reckoning from any starting point; as a cen
tury of national independence; a century of oppression. Specifically, one of a number
of hundred year periods, reckoned either forward or backward from some recognized
• era. Thus, the first century of the Christian era began with the year A. D. i, and ex
tended to the end of the year ioo; the third century began with 201 and ended with
300; and the eighteenth century began with 1701 arid ended with 1800. the year com
pleting the hundred year period in each case giving name to the century.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
THE ENDLESS END OF THE CENTURY CONTROVERSY. TABLE STARTS FLOOD
OF CORRESPONDECE
MARGARET Z. DODD'S TABLE.
19
COMPETITORS. ~ a. " f I
§1 i ?
I ?
i f
3. L. Abbot Jr tt|i) 9$ 0
Major H. J. Gallagher.... 56 SO 106 7
H. B. Goodwin 61 43 100 0
L. Chenery £6 Si 112 10
J. W. 8yrne...;...; 56 51 107 3
C. Pa*e U 64 107 3
H. D. Plllsbury S2 65 107 t
Dr. Clark ;..... 67 S> l.i I
C. R. WJnslow • 10
P. McO. Mcßeaa • 10
•No return*.
$S
$9
lot
102
104
104
134
117
UI
COMPETITORS. ~ a. " f I
§1 i ?
I ?
i f
3. L. Abbot Jr tt|i) 9$ 0
Major H. J. Gallagher.... 56 SO 106 7
H. B. Goodwin 61 43 100 0
L. Chenery £6 Si 112 10
J. W. 8yrne...;...; 56 51 107 3
C. Pa*e U 64 107 3
H. D. Plllsbury S2 65 107 t
Dr. Clark ;..... 67 S> l.i I
C. R. WJnslow • 10
P. McO. Mcßeaa • 10
•No return*.
$S
$9
lot
102
104
104
134
117
UI129 Kearny St.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
Children's Sanitary
Wool Underwear
odd sizes— half-price
Our stock of Hohenzollern
imported sanitary woolen
underwear is entirely ,bro-
ken in sizes and in order to
effect a speedy clearance
before stocktaking we have
made the following reduc-
tions : children's combina-
tion suits, all weights, re-
duced from $3.00 to
$1.50 a suit
Childs' vests, pants and
drawers, all weights, former
prices, $1.40 to $2.20, now
reduced to 75c up to $1.25
each, according to size.
Ribbons
Golf striped, all silk, five
inch ribbon — the latest fad
for neck and belts at
6oc a yard
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
13 A GREAT KESTORATIVE. UTVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ~*
The most wonderful aphrodtslae and SseciaJ
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both aexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the'K'd-
ney» and Bladder. Bells on Its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Asenta
323 Market street. B. F.— (Send for Circular).
PI Cataaeatei's Eastta* OUmo.d BnU, -*
EHNYROYAL PILLS
-£jT?v Original and Oal» G«a«ta«. *
JTJ <r£j ßO otoer. Rrfw>* daigrro*.t rulm-u >r
1/ fflnontsmJxmitvti, „ A»Dr»«liu grind 4*.
RRTT^HPQ FOR BARBERS. BAK.
DaUOIIJCIO "•*• bootbiacki. bath.
- houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makem. cannersl
dyers, flour mills, foundries. laundrWss. par>»rl
hangers, printers, painters. «ho<- factories sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
COKE! COKE!
P. a. McDonald
Wholesale Dealer ami Shipper of Cok»
OFFICE. Sl3 FOLSOM ST
nil W~C? Completely eradicated with-
in 1 1 |- V out euttliur or tyln*. j&
¦ ILLO f ur *. "<> Day. For InforraL-
— ¦»_» INSTITUTE. 1170 Markit
offices from 10 Montgomery street to the
store occupied by the American TTact So
ciety, under the Palace. This Is In the
line of progression displayed by tho Van
derbilt roads all over tho country and
forecasts the Introduction of^ Vanderbilt
capital to Pacific Coast Investment. The
entire store will be used by the freight
and traffic agencies for the Pacific Coast.
No changes will be made In the personnel
of the coast agencies, John Gill controll
ing the freight department, Carleton C.
Crane the passenger and Amos Burr rep
resenting the Vanderbllts throughout the
coast as traveling passenger agent.
With the Union Pacific backed by Van
derbilt capital, the Oregon Short Line and
Oregon Navigation Company, absorbed
practically by the Union Pacific, the Van
derbilt system of roads is fast becoming
a potent factor In the Western railroad
situation.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
WOULD DOUBLE OUR TRADE.
Professor George Davidson Suggests
a Commercial Museum for
This City.
Professor George Davidson of the Uni
versity of California lectured before the
Mechanics' Institute last night on "The
Commercial Museum of Philadelphia."
Professor Davidson visited the museum
and attended the Commercial Congress
last fall as a delegate from various of
ficial bodies of San Francisco and his
lecture was an acount of what he saw
there.
In his description of the great museum
the professor said that as an advertising
medium for the merchants of this country
and the products they Bell it stands with
out an equal.
Representatives from Berlin, who had
been delegated to Inspect the museum of
Philadelphia, on their return home at
once advocated the establishment of a
museum of the same character.
Manufacturers, who are members of the
institution, can find within its walls the
raw productions of all the countries of
the world and by an elaborate index sys
tem can obtain complete information as
to its cost, Import duties, tariff, etc., at
a moment's notice. The museum is the
work of far-seeing citizens of the Quaker
City, who suggested the plan and with
the aid of the municipality and the State
made it a reality. The museum Is con
nected with every trade center of the
world and keeps an up-to-date record of
the standing of the merchants and manu
facturers thereof. It receives reports
from over 2000 foreign banks and has a
list of 10,000 special correspondents, who
keep the museum thoroughly acquainted
with the relative value of foreign prod
ucts as compared with those of the
United States.
Professor Davidson declared that such
an institution ln» San Francisco would
make the city one of the greatest trade
centers of the world. There Is no rea
son, he declared, why the United States
should not control one-half of the Im
mense traffic of the Pacific Ocean ln
etead of the present small percentage.
Philadelphia has offered this city 10,000
duplicates of its museum samples, and
with only a., branch museum San Fran
cisco could look to the Pacific, with Its
great distance of shore line and innumer
able ports, for an Immense increase of
exports.
Wool Waists
All of this season's wool
waists have been reduced
about one-third in order to
sell them out before stock-
taking.
Braided and plain in red,
nav y» green and black, re-
duced to
$2.25 each
Braided flannel and cash-
mere waists, well made of
good material, reduced to
$2.90 each
Ladies' cashmere and
flannel waists, plain and
fancy yokes, reduced to
$3. 50 each
Skirts
Ladies' wool dress skirts,
plaids and solid colors, have
been reduced to
$4.00 and £4.75 each
Sore Spot
Eye=Glasses
Can b« bought anywher*. bat our clip*, which
fit the nou without a illp or pinch, can only b*
had of ua,
Oculists' srescriptlOß* filled. Quick rapair-
lnc. Factory on premises. Phone. Mala IX
642 Market o\ iwTRUMfMTs
ooc for * Silks
Prior to stock taking, numerous reductions
have been made throughout the store. One of
the greatest values will be found in our silk
department — plaid, check and fancy dotted
changeable silks, former price $i.oo, will be
sold commencing Monday morning
for OOc a yard
BIG NEW OFFICES.
In a few weeks the Vanderbilt railroad
agency In Ban Francisco will move Its
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothachlld. 334 Post st. •
We beg to announce the first ar-
rival of NEW FOULARD SILKS
for season 1900. In the assortment
are thlrtu-five new designs, Includ-
ing all the newest color effects, such
as NATIONAL, MORDORE, MARINE,
ARGENT, RESEDA and VIOLET.
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY.
This week we will also offer the follow-
ing extraordinaru values in DRESS GOODS,
BLACK GOODS and RIBBON DEPARTMENTS \
52, 54 and 58 Inch Genuine Ail-Wool HOME-SPUN
CHEVIOTS, in LIGHT GRAYS, MEDIUM GRAYS,
DARK GRAYS and OXFORD GRAYS, seasonable,
stnllsh and serviceable.
Price Yard.
REGULAR VALUE 51.50.
One case (30 pieces) BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS, vepu
lustrous finish and a good variety of new designs.
Price* $1. ;25 Yard.
700 pieces NEW SATIN LUSTRE TAFFETA RIBBON,
31 Inches wide, warranted all pure silk, In all
the new shades; also WHITE, CREAM, PINKS,
BLUES and CARDINAL.
Price* 150 Yard.
States of South Africa may b« established.
M. COONEY.
U K. VAN BAGGEM,
A. F. GROW.
Committee.
A motion to. adopt them was made
and seconded, when out of the hum
was heard a voice: "I offer as an
amendment that we extend some sym
pathy to the Filipinos." A mighty
shout and seconds from all parts of the
hall attested that the antl-expansion
lst had struck a keynote. The chair
man, however, ruled that the meeting
had not been called for that purpose
and that Filipino sympathy was out
of order.
Telegrams were read from Senator
Pettigrew of North Dakota, Rev. Dr.
Parkhurst of New York, Congressman
Charles A. Towne of Minnesota, Sen
ator TUlman of South Carolina, Sen
ator Mason of Illinois, Patrick Ford.
Congressman Sulzer and General
SAN FRANCISCO SENDS SYMPATHY
TO OOM PAUL'S STRUGGLING FORCES
MISS BOWEN IS
THE VICTIM OF
A CONSPIRACY
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.'
POLICE SQUAD
IN CHINATOWN
WILL BE SUED
Shew Hing Associa
tion Takes Action.
SEARCHED ROOMS ILLEGALLY
>
ATTORNEY WTLSON HAS BEEN
ENGAGED BY PLAINTIFF.
• >
Twenty Thousand Dollars Will Be
Asked as Damages for Disturb
ance Created in the
Quarters.
The Shew Hing Benevolent Association
will bring suit early next week for J20.000
damages and costs of the action against
the city and county of San Francisco, ex-
Chief of Police Lees and the Chinatown
squad for entering its rooms at 751 Clay
street without warrant of law on the 6th
day of October last.
. The Shew Hing is a member of the Six
Companies and is incorporated under the
laws of the State of California. In the
complaint which is being prepared by At
torney J. N. E. Wilson the members of
the association set forth that on the data
mentioned the Chinatown squad forcibly
entered their rooms, and ignoring the pro
tests of the president, wno was present,
broke open trunks and boxes and other
wise conducted itself in an offensive man
ner, all of which was for the alleged pur
pose of searching for evidence of gamb
ling.
The claim Is made that the police hay©
no authority to enter a place that has
not the reputation of being a gambling or
lottery Joint unless armed with a search
warrant, and the suit is to be brought
largely for the purpose of putting a stop
to operations of this character.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
This [~^
one of our rery handsomest bargains. A
Roman Chair, with silk covering— Imita-
tion mahogany. Twenty-flve beautiful
style 3 to select from. We've flxcl
a sneclal price within the CO f\f\
reach of all: that price is O-«UU
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
10/7-1033 MISSION STIfBBr,
£boy« Slxtr>
Flits* Soith 11. Ojea Ertß'.ags.
Fair Burglar Will Be
Dismissed.
THE ALLEGED VICTIM RELENTS
c
ATTORNEY QUINLAN BAYS A
PLOT WAS ABBANGED.
»
Young Lady Bid Not Attempt to
Take 2£oney and Diamonds, but
Was Herself Bobbed of a
Valise and Coin.
¦ ¦ ?
There is no Jor.ger any mystery sur
round:r.g the "burglary" at the Burling
ton early Thursday morning, in connec
tion with which a young lady was ar
rested and forced to spend severai hours
la Jail. The woman accused of the crime
is Miss Mary E. Bowen, a ward of W. S.
Zeilin. the well known clubman and drug
merchant. The alleged burglary was all
"a mistake." according to H. M. Duncan,
who caused the arrest, and when the fair
defendant's case is cailed in Judge Con
l&n's court cext Tuesday the prosecuting
witness will not be en hand and Miss
Bowen, who waa booked. a» "Mary
Brown," will of necessity be given her
freedom.
The friends cf Miss Bowen now openly
declare thai she has been the victim of a
conspiracy and that she did not steal any
money Iron L>uncan and made no attempt
to get away with fc)6 diamond nng. The
young lady is still suffering from the ef
fect* of the drujj that was given her and
has no recollection of how ehe went to
the Burlington and how she came to be
in a cell at the. City Prison. Duncan has
been settled with and now expresees re-
STet that he was so hasty In having the
young woman arrested.
It is known that the young lady was
drugged before s>he met Duncan, and no
one can account for the fact that ehe
should enter his room while he was
asleep. Her own satchel, which con
tained JOO, an<S her umbrella, on which her
name was engraved, have not been recov
ered and were undoubtedly lest while she
was suffering from one of the fits to
which frhe i 6 subject.
"Mr. Duncan has been to me and has
told me that the arrest of the young lady
Is all a mistake/; said W. S. Zeilin. "and
he has declined to prosecute the case,
feeling sure that a great wrong has been
done an innocent young woman. He is
satisfied ehc did not rob him and that
if sh© touched his diamond ring she, did
not know what she was doing at the time.
"I have known the young lady for some
years and it is preposterous to say that
•he should ever attempt to rob anybody.
She never wants for money and comes of
a very reepeetable family. Her mother
Is a widow a:;d is moderately wealthy,
and the plrl enjoys aa unblemished repu
tation."
Attorney Quinlan, while expressing con
fidence that there will b© no prosecution.
Is not at all satisfied with Duncan's story.
He thinks Duncan could tell a great deal
more if he would and is trying to learn
something of the alleged victim's ante
cedents.
"Nothing would puit me better," said
Martin Quinlan "than to have all th© de
tails thrsFhed out in court, because I am
ronf.drrt that it would *=how my client to
have been ihorouphly Innocent through
out. Duncan. I understand, will not be on
hard, so that there will be nothing to do
t.'jt to dismiss this case, which 1b a? full
of mystery M any I ever hand!«*<l. There
is Forre srherr.e beneath this business, but
with Duncan «o reticent I have no hope
cf retting at the bottom of It."
DEATH OF WILLIAM O. BROWN
Heart Disease Suddenly Carried
Au-ay the Neu-s Agent for the
Coast Division of the S. P. Co.
William O. Browr., manager of the
D^nl^on X^v," Company, was found dead
!n br-<5 yesfrday at his residence. No. 262fl
Howard street. Mr. Brown had been suf
fering v.lth heart disease for several
months under the care of Dr. Bunker, and
there Is no dcubt that ailment was the
cause of his death.
Mr. Brown was a prominent member
of the Masonic fraternity, being a pact
master cf California Lodge No. 1, F.
and A. M.; a member of California
Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.; of Golden
Oate Commandery No. 16. K. T.. and a
thirty-sTond de-pree Mason. He was also
for many years the h!gh priest of Islam
Temple of the Mystic Shrlr.e. Ho was
the general news agent of the Coas>t Di
vision of the Southern Pacific Company
with his offire at the railway depot, cor
ner of Third and Townsend streets. The
frirndf of the deceased were very much
shocked when they heard of his death,
for though they knew that he had been
ailing he was able to attend to his bust
nrts. and was not believed to be seriously
ill.
The ras* was reported to the Morgue.
hut when Coroner Hill was made ac
quainted with the farts he waived an In
quest and accepted the death certificate
signed by Dr. Bunker.
Charles I* Pattor.. on behalf of the Ma
sor.s. has taken charge of the funeral ar
rangements.
SAN FRANCISCO'S sympathies
are with the Boers If the gath
ering last night, that filled Met
ropolitan Temple and overflowed
until It blocked the street in front of
the building, can be taken as a crite
rion. The meeting was called for the
purpose of extending moral Bupport
and material aid to the struggling lit
tle republics of South Africa, and it
seemed that the whole city wanted a
voice In the demonstration. Tele
grams of congratulations from all sec
tions on the work undertaken were
read. The lion' 6 tall waa severely
twisted, and had several knots tied In
it. and the eagle screamed. When it
was suggested that money would aa
tist greatly in letting the Boers know
that the people of the West were with
them coin was showered on the plat
form. In addition to the cash contri
butions there were some checks that
went Into the three figure class.
In the midst of the hurrah for the
Boers some one suggested that the sit
uation in South Africa was not so
very different from the case of the
Filipinos. The thought was in har
mony with the sentiments of the audi
ence, for It cheered and cheered and
then endeavored to introduce Into the
resolutions that were adopted the
came expression of sympathy for the
"little brown men" as that extended
to the forces of Oom Paul.
GREAT PRO-BOER GATHERING
Flags of every nation on the globe
barring the banner of England and the
dragon of Chlna^ — were used to decorate
the interior of the hall, while the ar
morial banners of the cantons of
Switzerland lined the galleries.
But few if any public gatherings held
in San Francisco have ever reached
such proportions or been characterized
with such enthusiasm and honesty of
purpose. Judge M. Cooney presided.
He stated that he cheerfully accepted
the honor and the responsibility. He>
mentioned that an honorary president
had been selected. After eulogizing
the man, while keeping the audience
In Ignorance of his Identity, he turned
his face to the rear of the platform,
where hung a big American flag, re
marking, "I will now introduce him
to you." The flag was dropped, and
from behind appeared the grim fea
tures of Oom Paul, painted by the
students of the Hopkins Institute of
Art. Every person In the Temple
"caught on" in an Instant and cheered
to the echo.
At the conclusion of tb« outburst
the following resolutions were read:
Resolved, iiy the citizens of Ban Fran
cisco, in mass-meeting assembled, that we
most heartily Indorse the patriotlo and in
dependent stand taken by the Inhabitants
of the two republics of South Africa in de
fense of their liberties and sacred rights,
and earnestly condemn the British Govern
ment for its unjust, unwarranted and
wicked Dro6ecutlon of the present war
against the sovereign people of said repub
lics; be it further
Resolved, That our active sympathies be,
and they are hereby, extended to the brave
people who are so faithfully and success
fully fighting the battles of their country
against the enemy of liberty, the mother of
oppression and the diplomatic hypocrite of
the nations. *
Resolved That we do now appeal to the
liberty-loving people of the United States,
and to all lovers of liberty everywhere, to
accord all possible assistance to those he
roes and patriots who are now engaged In
driving the Invader from their land, to the
end that an Independent and free United
O'Blerne of New York, commissioner
general of the Transvaal.
The address of. the evening waa made
by Judge Robert Ferral, who kept the
American eagle and the audience
screeching and made the Britlßh lion
howl with the pain from words that
burned Into his hide. In part he Bald:
I am told that men of all nations are here
to-night, speaking all languages— some not
speaking tha English language— but we can
all Join In a universal language, a cheer
for the grandest old man of the closing
century— old Oom Paul Kruger. Never
since the dawn of time, has there been a
grander or a more manly struggle for lib
erty than the Boers are making to-day.
Although every man of them may die a*
heroes and patriots, their names will live
as long as liberty and independence are
loved and cherished by men. What would
become of us if ther« were not men willing
to die that their country might HveT
England is the "natural born reacher"
of nations. Centuries ago it reached out
and strangled Wales, crushed the llf» and
liberty out of Scotland, crushed life and
liberty— but, thank Qod, not the hope— out
of poor old Ireland, and now aha is reach
ing out for Africa.
It is true, in the providence of God— and
I say It before the picture of grand old
Taul Kruger— it is time to 'call a halt and
say, "Stop your butchery and your plunder
ing, your greed and your conquest." And
I hope In God that these men who are bat
tling now, these men who have so gallantly
cone to the front, father and son and
brother, to battle for truth and right,' for
country and liberty and independence— l
hope and trust that the god of battles will
rive them victory.
Miss Sannle Kruger, the niece of Oom
Paul, was given an ovation. She cany
the Transvaal national hymn, and for
an encore "My Country, 'Tls of Thee."
Th. Pinter, who had been addressing
the overflow meeting, elbowed his way
down' the aisle at this time and told
what was happening outside. He told
of some contributions that had been
made, and suggested that the commit
tee would not get angry if there were
Borne more. The hat-passing produced
a Jingle of silver that gladdened every
Boer sympathizer. The collection
amounted to $359 49, and in addition
there were checks from the Iroquoia
Club, Mayor Phelan, Father Crowloy
of the Youths* Directory, J. W.
Bhwartlng of Dlmond and Father Car
aher. Speeches in line with the address
of Judge Ferral were made by Mayor
Phelan, Father Caraher and Rev. J.
Fuendellng.
Joaquin Miller made a few remarks
and recited a poem expressive of his
sympathy with the Boers, which waa
published recently in The Sunday Call.
Music at the Park To- Day.
March. Prophet Meyerbeer
Overture. "Indication of the Temple"
KeJer Bela
Tuletide, "Christina* Melodies" Kappey
Fantasia on Christian Endeavor Hyniu
Spadlna
"Carillon de Noel" (Christmas Bells)
Sydney Smith
Overture 'Mubel" . .Weber
Borp. ••The Kvt-r.lng Star," from "Tann
hau»er-' Wagner
Grand fantasia on the national songs of the
greatest nations of the world Sousa
Hallelujah chorus from the "Messiah".. Handel
A I I WPF'ir CLEARANCE SALE.
I ill— L- !/y I— iL-iIV HONEST BARGAINS.
1 LADIES 1 SUITS.
I / r^T*>v &,$£ TAILOR-MADE, «11-wool Cheviots and
1 (1 Jj AeSitS homespuns, this season's styles, well
W/A I 3stt3FZ/ made and P« rf «ct fitting, colors of
\Si\\\\s} w9wP>ir Black, Navy Blue, Brown, /t»* \ /-A
WC w fij- 5 Tans and Grays, worth \| I K||
/ \ £^" H6.50. Clearance Sale price V"««Jv
// vJti&t^^M* $21.00 Tailor "Suits, Imported flw r rA
// Venetian cloth, black only. MS
'// f-Cr^'n very stylish VW«t)U
// #/ras£st\ * 22 -5° T a»°r Suits. Tan and/^/ rA
j KJif Ijina pp^w $10.50
CLEARANCE JACKETS.
I ™ Our entire stock of LADIES'
JrMptil' >' v !tfi JACKETS at less than New York
/f/^ueX 1^ ''' - ill cost. The reductions are genuine.
JfiT£&rttr-*' : '''\\n * " n J»ek«t5....»4.5011M M JarkMp....ff».OO
KfMSh-C&X ;i - r , r *in tIOO ° J«^l"t«....*ll.riO j:SM Jackets.. Si 1.25
iwJaWy!wi^'''« : '"-''filll * 12 °° J*ckrts"--»J * ckrts "--» 7 * &O '* l7 M J&ckeu.. 9l3.ro
mg^Ml^ML DRESS skirts.
Vj^i' fekjr* Come in plaids » Cheviots, Vene-
j i >^_ /? JHifr tian Cloths Silk and Satin.
* " Greatest Bargains ever offered.
49 COLORED SILK WAISTS, worth See them.
' from $8.50 to $15, QA QC I I4M Pk , rtB 52.23 *i: bo BWrts 88.75
<! .-.„ OTiJJ 1600 Skirts ?3JJO $U6O Skirts. ...flO.no
j Cnl J Wiswwi |ew ekJrtg 43.75 $1« 60 8k1rt5....11H2.50
— . — . — — + $UOO Ekiru fS.aO $» 00 8kirU....514.00
16-18-20 GRANT AVENUE, Bet. Market and Geary.
GERMAN BANK
LOSES ITS CASE
Interpretation of State
Street Laws.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— ln the suit of
the German Savings Bank vs. Ramish &
Marsh, Los Angeles contractors, Judge
Fitzgerald handed down a fiat decision In
favor of the defendants. The decision is
of great importance, as It is the first to
determine whether property held under
lien by contractors for taxes for improve
ments can be foreclosed through neglect
or refusal of abutting property owners to
pay the assessment levied.
The plaintiff based his case upon several
points, sweeping In character. Among
other things It was contended that the
sale of the property on the assessment
was made at a time when the tax laws of
the State provided that the property
should be stricken off to the State. Sec
ond, that the Vrooman and bond acts, un
der which the grading was performed, did
not afford an opportunity for hearing by
mortgagees. Third, that the mortgage
Hen was prior In time to, and therefore
paramount and «uperior to. the bond lien.
Fourth, that the change of grade act of
March 9. 1893. is unconstitutional, because
it requires an owner to state his damages
before the damages are actually sustained.
Fifth, that the contract between the con
tractors and more than a quarter of the
property owners was fraudulent and in
validated the assessment lien. Sixth, re
quirements of certain sections of the
change of grade act were not complied
with. Seventh, that the assessment is in
valid if it exceeds to any extent the ben
efit accruing to the land by reason of r the
improvement. Eighth, that the notices
were not posted as alleged. Ninth, that
the descriptions are insufficient. Tenth,
that the change of grade act of March 9,
1893. was repealed by the recent amenil
ment to section 6 of article 11 of the State
constitution.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Drurrlsts, We flask. Richards & Co. 4M Clay.
A Verdict of Suicide.
Coroner Hill concluded his Inquest yes
terday upon the body of E. D. Slack of
3435, Twentieth 6treet, who shot and killed
himself last Thursday evening in the Davy
Crockett saloon on Market street.
Harry de Greayer testified that a few
minutes before the shooting, Slack passed
him in front of the saloon and remarked,
"I've lost my Job and I'm going to kill
myself."
He then went Into the saloon and into
a private room, and a few minutes later
the report of. a pistol was heard and
Slack was found lying on the floor with a
bullet wound in his head and the revolver
by his side.
The Jury rendered a verdict of suicide.
FORGED A POLICEMAN'S NAME.
Officer Dan Sylvester Imposed On by
a Clever Penman.
Police Officer Dan Sylvester would like
to find the man who obtained $20 from
Hugo Fritz, a bartender at th« Orpheum
Theater Annex, on an order which pur
ported to have been signed by the guar
dian of the peace. Several days ago a
messenger boy who is commonly known
as "Ikey** visited the Orpheum bar and
handed Fritz an order for $20. which bore
the name of Sylvester. Fritz asked the
boy who had given him the order, and he
promptly answered that he had been In
structed to deliver it by Sylvester, who
was then in a saloon on the water front.
Thinking that the order waa , genuine,
the bartender readily gave the boy the
amount asked for, after telling him to
lose no time in delivering it to Sylvester.
The following day Fritz met the police
man and asked him If he had received the
money. Sylvester at first thought that
the bartender waa Joking, but on being
shown the forged order he almost fainteg.
Since then Sylvester and Detective
"Harry" Reynolds have been searching
for the man who wrote the order, but
without success.
The police believe that the messenger
boy "stood in" with the forger. If the
latter Is captured it is more than likely
that the boy will rlso be arrested.
HOW TO BUY DIAMONDS.
A Good Suggestion by Colonel An
drews of the World-Famous
Diamond Palace.
First call at all the diamond establish
ments of San Francisco, and after making
note of their prices go to the Diamond
Palace. Then you can assure yourself
that you can save at least .75 % by buying
from the Colonel, as he has an immense
stock and Is selling at the old prices. •
LAWTON FUND GROWS.
Local Collections Foot. Up Over Eight
Thousand Dollars. "•'.;.. -,
Major General. Shatter yesterday an
nounced that he had received contribu
tions to the fund for the benefit of the
family of the late General H. W. Lawton
amounting to $3799 50. To this amount
should be added $5565 collected by the cit
izens' committee, a check for which was
mailed to General Shafter late in the af
ternoon by Chairman A. A. Watkins, to
gether with a list of the contributors.
Hoitt's School
Menlo Park. California. New buildings,
new laboratories; one of the best
equipped schools for boys in California.
Next term begins January 15. •
20PHELAH DECIDES
THAT MAXWELL
MUST GIVE WAY
Fire Commission to Be
Coerced.
J. C. GORMAN FOR SECRETARY
Mayor Phelan's desire to impress upon
the community the fact that he is tho
whole thing in the municipal administra
tion is rapidly becoming a monomania
and not only are his Democratic follow
ers being taught that in the distribution
of the plums he is apt to consult his own
sweet will without regard to their recom
mendations or advice, but the general
public Is beginning to open its eyes to th«
glaring inconsistencies of his official acts.
When Mayor Phelan announced his ap
pointments on 1 the various commissions
provided for in the new charter there
were many heartaches and more or less
talk of broken pledges, but those who
helped to place him in office still clung
blindly to the hope that he would at least
remember his promises and listen to their
claims when the minor places were being
given out. They are now beginning to see
the folly of entertaining such hopes, as
it is dally becoming more apparent that
the Mayor intends to have a finger in fill
ing all the offices under his control, and
he is not particular on whose fingers ho
steps.
The latest Indication of the tendency of
Mayor Phelan to dictate appointments is
the well authenticated report that he is
determined to insist on the right to name
the secretary of the Fire Commission.
All during the recent election, and for tho
few days following, it was generally un
derstood that Secretary George Maxwell
would be retained in this position. There
fore the announcement that Joseph C.
Gorman has been selected by the Mayor
for the place and that the Fire Commis
sioners will be forced to do the bidding
of their on*icial creator and accept him,
is received with a howl of protests by
the friends of the present (secretary.
Gorman was formerly secretary of the
State Board of Examiners, by appoint
ment of Governor Budd, and it is sur
mised that his selection to succeed Max
well is the result of a secret compact en
tered into prior to the nomina
tion and election of Mayor Phe
lan. No reason is . assigned for
dropping Maxwell, and his friends de
clare that he will not retire without a
hard battle. They say he is a faithful
and efficient official, and assert that un
der the new charter he cannot be re
moved unless neglect of duty or incompe
tence is shown.
In reviewing the appointments made by
Mayor Phelan a few days ago The Call
stated that the selections for members of
the i Fire Commission were not all that
could be desired, but expressed the belief
that at least two of the members could
be depended upon to stand between the
department and the political iob-chasers.
Maxwell has a great many friends In the
Fire Department and out of it, and they
are being lined up to make a fight for
him. They admit that Mayor Phelan
may be able to control the votes of the
Commissioners and thus bo in a position
to compel obedience to his will and en
able him to carry out the secret pledges
and compacts entered into before the
campaign. They are hopeful, however,
that two of the Fire Commissioners who
are credited with having opinions of their
pwn will refuse to allow the Mayor to ar-
COSTLY REPORT
RENDERED BY AN
EXPERT ON OIL
Big Money Paid for a
Treatise.
STATE TREASURY HARD HIT.
An inspection of the State payroll, with
a view of bringing to the public gaze the
names of men to whom large salaries
are paid for very little work discloses
pome remarkable facts. Office-holding
has been reduced to a science. Connected
with the various departments and com
missions of the State are many fakers
who fool the Legislature and State of
ficers by the preparation of high-sound
ing reports. The impression is given to
the unenlightened that certain men on the
payroll, who do not seem to be actively
employed, are giving priceless scientific
knowledge to the commonwealth.
The present war in which the Governor
and the State Mineralogist are engaged
directs attention to the State Mining Bu
reau. Vast sums of public money have
been contributed to sustain this institu
tion, but the practical, every-day miners
laugh at the suggestion that mining de
velopment is promoted by the outlay.
Governor Gage recently commissioned
W. L. Watts to make expert examina
tion of the mother lode or the oil regions.
Watts was appointed Held assistant of the
Mining Bureau by J. J. Crawford when
the latter held the position of State Min
eralogist, lie was reappolnted by the
present ¦ Mineralogist, Mr. Cooper, and. is
therefore on the pay roll as an oil expert.
Something happened at the State Min
ing Bureau a few weeks ago to cause in
quiry as to the whereabouts of Watts. It
was rumored that he was* living near Los
Angeles and drawing down nls salary
with customary regularity. The rumor
was verified by investigation and he was
called upon to make a report of his ob
servations in the field, as he had not re
ported, for two years and a half. At first
he resented the suggestion as an invasion
of his rights as a field assistant. Ha
yielded ultimately and filed a report of
eighty-six typewritten pages. If this re
port is not worth $$000 the State has been
jobbed, because Watts has been paid sal
ary and expenses aggregating that
amount, and the precious document is
the only known result of the outlay.
The Call has not had the opportunity
of inspecting the ore document recently
filed, but is willing to wager that it is
no better than a report made by Watts
to State Mineralogist Crawford on August
1. 1594. A small amount will be wagered
that the present is no better than the
former report and a big sum is laid that
it is no worse.
All information of value in the former
report. could have been obtained for $200.
When one eliminates references to "plio
cene fossils." mlocene rocks, tertiary
strata, . increased metamorphism, fosslll
ferous stratum, concretionary sandstone,
unfossiliferous, sandy formations con
taining immense numbers of ostrea titan
llropectin and tamlosoma, there is very
little remaining in the report to . amuse
or enlighten thn oil man.
The State printing office is constantly
burdened ¦ with .worthless reports. The
documents are published at State ex
pense and the members of the Legisla
ture readily .vote money; to continue the
expensive farce. Watts, who has attain
ed scientific knowledge of • the modern
methods for. getting on the pay roll, is
no*w next, to ] Governor Gage. The ample
reference to pliocene fossils. in Watts' re
port captured the Governor. ,
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot, creamy lather of
CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CUTICURA,
the great skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear, during the
night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger ends cut off and air
holes cut in the palms. - For red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fis-
sured, itching,' feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
Consisting of Ccticcra So»r (25c), to cleanse the skin of crusts sad
»v4IAIIIIA scale* and noftrn the thickened emiele; CirricnHA Ointmsnt (JOe).
Sill !¦ il I 1 #B t0 * nftan "y iH*y llchln?, inflammation, and Irritation, tad noothn ana
\UllvUl U heal; and Cctjcttr* Rksoltbnt (50c), to cool and c!ean«« th* blood.
Jlrfl- «» '' d*t t\ r> ¦*¦ 6l X0 i>> ti«T •» often rafSdent to car* the most tortnrtag, dUira-riag,
TU t VFT X I 7 k and humiliating skin, scalp, and blood humor*, with loaa of hair. wh»a
I 111. Wbl| <¥ I ifc vl ,v die fails. Pottjss Daco ash Csjsm. Coat., Sola Props.. Bostoa.
RECEPTION TENDERED
ARCHITECT E. BENARD
Monsieur E. Benard. the famous archi
tect, who was awarded the first prize for
his plans for the college buildings of the
University of California, and his wife
were- the guests of honor. at a reception
tendered them at the Bohemian Club yes
terday afternoon by the San Francisco
Chapter of the American Institute of Ar
chitects. The leading architects of this
city were in attendance and formally met
the famous man. There was a light col
lation and an orchestra discoursed music.
President Babson of the local chapter
read an address of welcome, to which the
distinguished visitor responded in French
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford University, delivered a short address
and called upon "Uncle George" Bromley
to reply. The latter made one of his
clever speeches and was loudly applauded
Among the architects present were* Al
bert Pissis. M. J. Keid, James W. Reid
Edward Swain, George W. Percy, B J S*
Cahill, Clinton Day, Mr. and Mrs May
b*»ck. William Mooser, T. J. Walsh J
Dunn, William Curlett, H. Maggs and E
Depicrre. Among the club member* who
dropped in wero William Greer Harrison
Al Gerberding, Professor Frank Soule and
Lieutenant Fletcher-
PUZZLED OVER
SESSION CALL
Southerners in Doubt
As to the Date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS A-NGELES. Jan. 6.— Politicians ar©
to-night In doubt whether to prepare to go
to Sacramento next week or the week. of
January 16. A few of the Initiated profess
to believe that their Information Is accu
rate that Gage will Issue- his proclamation
January 8. It transpired to-day that Gage
will come to Los A_ngeles within a week.
This Information comes from his Los
Angeles office. His attaches express the
opinion that an extra session will be
called. They have known for some time
that Gage would come south and they as
sert that he comes here for the purpose of
arranging his private affairs that he may
not be disturbed when the extraordinary
session opens. From the mass of opinions
that this fact has. developed the conclu-
Hion is sifted that if January 15 should
pass and no session.be called the reason
will be that the practical politicians will
be unable to deliver any more goods than
on the final day of last year's session.
Private telegrams that were to-day re
ceived from San Francisco saying: that M.
If. do Young will, in the event of an
extra session, be a candidate and that his
name will be regularly presented before
the caucus, has increased the tension. De
Young's friends insist . that he has de
clared that with him it is anything to de
feat Burns and that he- will go before the
people- next year should tfrere be no extra
sesssion.
Husbands Deserted Them.
Suits for divorces on the ground of de
sertion have been filed by Alice M. Robins
against Marmaduke Robins and Maria
Caste against Simon Caste.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Continued on Page Twenty-Three.
BANQUETED A. A. MOORE JR.
He Was the Guest of Several Very
Warm Friends.
The recent marriage of A. A. Moore Jr.
to Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hlnckley resulted
in a pleasant little party yesterday at one
cf the downtown restaurants. Since the
State election Mr. Moore has held the
position of Deputy Attorney General un
der Tirey L. Ford. Soon after his mar
riage It was rumored that he would give
up his growing practice of law and look
after the large realty and financial Inter
ests of his wife. This statement was with
out foundation, so he declared yesterday
at the little social function mentioned. •
In the early afternoon Attorney Gen
eral Ford, Assistant Attorney General C.
N. Post, Deputy George Sturtevant and
Deputy William M. Abbott took posses
sion of the young benedict and escorted
him to the place arranged for the lunch.
An elegant repast was spread, and over
the cigars and black coffee specehes ap
propriate to the occasion were made.
NEW COMMISSIONERS MEET
Secretaries Win Be Selected at
First Regular Meetings.
The new Police and Election Commis
sioners met yesterday at the City Hall
and indulged in informal discussions of
business which they will have before them
after they go regularly into office to-mor
row. The claims and capabilities of dif
ferent candidates who have come up for
the secretaryships of the two commissions
were discussed, but it was resolved to
take no official action until after the first
regular meeting. The new Hoard of Su
peryisor*«, or at least a part of it, has
held tevf-ral quiet caucuses during the
past week ana has decided to otter the
chief clerkship to John Kußsell. the vet
eran clerk of the bo&rd. The second place
will be given to John Kyan. It was
thought at first that Mr. kussell would
not be able to again take up the work of
the department, but to the delight of his
many friends he made his first appear
ance at the hall on Friday and announced
that h«» was ready to go ahead at any
time. The other^ clerkships have not yet
been discussed to such an extent that any
prognostication can be made. The first
regular meeting of the board will occur
on Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
GODCHAUX'S DEPUTIES.
The Recorder-Elect Announces
His Choices for Office.
Recorder - elect Edmond Godchaux
yesterday selected his assistants after
two hours of close consultation with his
advisers and the members of the Demo
cratic organization. Mr. Godchaux named
a new«paper man, F. Myrtle, as his chief
wV P rp l «« '^ h n baJanc ? of his appointments
were as follows: Deputies— Max War
shauer. Charles M. Stoltz; copyists-L.
" r . a . nn ™. M. Harris. James W. Fan-elf,
tli Landry, Thomas Kelly, P. J. Hagerty
r?,h?JF; K £ n % wllSa m E. Foley, Eugene
Tt\l™ n '£J,- Russe 'l. Thomas Hyland,
Harmon McKlsslck, William H. Garnetr.
1. \ane Vlauntln. John Nolan, C. O. M.
Cosgrave. William Sullivan.
rogate to himself the right to name tho
appointments which they have the au
thority to make.
It is clearly evident that the Mayor has
resolved that no appointments shall be
made without consulting him. In other
words, the Commissioners he has placed
In office are regarded as puppets to ba
manipulated at his pleasure. The rapidly
accumulating evidence to this effect has
created a widespread feeling of disap
pointment and disgust and the alienation
of the friends of Maxwell. If the scheme
to throw him aside is successful. Is but a
prelude of what will follow If Mr. Phe
lan expresses his ambition to become a
municipal dictator to a finish.
Ject to the penalties which are provided
for such a violation. When the Ingleside
course was in operation Corrigan secured
the expulsion of Fred Mulholland from
the track. Mulholland had censured tho
methods which were then making tne
track a by-word and Corrigan lost no
time In taking revenge. Mulholland la
now one of the judges of the California
Jockey Club and Corrigan Insists, with
his customary disregard of the truth,
that the club Is violating one of the rules
of the American Turf Association.
He has decided to retaliate by making
Tanforan a haven for men whose meth
ods have made them objectionable at
Oakland. Several men have been sus
pended, ruled off, warned off or expelled
and Corrigan has said to them: "Come
down to our track. We have a place for
you and you'll be welcome." He finds
that for the purposes of his game men
of shady character are serviceable. In
permitting the men ruled off at Oakland
to operate at Tanforan Corrigan has vio
lated the very laws whose aid he seeks
to provoke a quarrel with the California
Jockey Club.
In one instance he went to Dick Will
iams, who trained for Barney Schreiber,
and who was Indefinitely suspended. Ccr
rigan invited Williams after his suspen
sion to go to Tanforan and train, but the
invitation was emphatically declined,
Williams declaring that he expects to be>
reinstated.
McCloskey. who was ruled off at Oak
land for fraud, supplied another opportu
nity for Corrigan. and Sandy McNaughton
and J. Brown, who were warned off, sup
plied two more examples.
In this way Corrigan is seeking to pro
voice an Issue between Tanforan and th«
California Jockey Club. He has the en
tire support of Tanforan in the scheme,
for the simple reason that he is In him
self the entire concern. The others that
figure in it do so simply aa a set of dum
mies representing Corrigan's will ani
wishes. Affairs in the plot reached a cer
tain climax yesterday, when R. B. Milrcy.
secreary of the California Jockey Clu>>.
had the temerity to visit Tanforan. Ai
soon as Corrigan saw him he pounced
upon him. and in a tirade that was char
acteristically foul unloaded his wrath.
He seemed to think that Mllroy repre-
Ed to notify the police, but before he
could do so his murderers, presum
ably divining his intentions, entered
his shop and shot him to death. Last
night an extra detail of police was
stationed in Chinatown to prevent fur
ther trouble. Detective Ed Gibson,
who Is working on the latest tragedy,
believes he knows the assassins and
Is confident of apprehending them.
An effort was made by the Suey
Sings last evening to cover up their
bloody tracks by throwing the re^on-"
Blbnlty of the murder on the Chinese
Carpenters' Union, of which the vic
tim was a member. A number of Chi
nese gave the information that Wong
Yuen had refused to pay his men the
regulation wages and In consequence
had Incurred the wrath of the union.
The story is given no credence In po
lice circles.
WONG YUEN, a Chinese car
penter, was murdered last
evening in his shop at 2S\a
Waverly place, as the result
of the feud between the Suey Sing and
Hop Sing tongs of rival highbinders.
Shortly before 6 o'clock three Chinese,
who are unknown to the police, visited
the shop of their victim and inquired
if he would do some work for them.
Recognizing them as highbinders
Yuen ordered them to leave his place.
Instantly one of the men drew a re
volver and fired two shots at him.
One of the bullets struck the car
penter In the breast and the other en
tered the stomach and passed through
his body^ The wounded Chinaman
staggered Into a small room which he
used as a sleeping apartment, and
after closing the door behind him sank
into a chair and died almost instantly.
The shooting attracted the attention
of Policeman Carr, who was only a
short distance away, and he lost no
time in reaching the scene. Failing to
open the door of the room into which
the wounded Chinese had staggered,
Carr, with the assistance of another
officer, forced an entrance. Seated in
a dilapidated chair was the dead Yuen.
Three Chinese were found In the base
ment in which the carpenter had his
shop and they were taken into cus
tody. They will be held pending fur
ther investigation, although it is not
believed they had anything to do with
the shooting.
The murder of Yuen Is the outcome
of the bitter feud that at present ex
ists between the rival highbinder
tongs. Already several Chinese have
fallen victims to the deadly bullets of
the hired assassins of both tongs and
more are likely to follow. Yuen be
longed to the Suei* Sing Ton? and was
considered an Inoffensive 'Ohinaman
by the police. It Is supposed that he
incurred the enmity of the rival tongs
and a price was placed on his head.
A short time before he was mur
dered he told a friend that he knew
he was doomed, as he had seen sev
eral notorious highbinders hanging
about his shop, evidently bent on add
ing to their bloody records. He intend-
R. B. MILROY.
<:¦ 3 DWARD CORRIGAN has added
— 3 another Incident to the many
which have marked his offensive
, > .j) career on this coast. He created
a disgraceful scene yesterday at
Tanforan Park and last night those who
had been witnesses of his outrageous aa
sault upon an unoffending citizen were
speculating on what the outcome will b«.
Corrigran Irad taken his customary means
of working out his spite upon one who,
he thinks, represents the reputable ele
ments which are determined to suppress
him.
The affair of yesterday had Its origin in
the rejection of Corrigan's entries by the
California Jockey Club. The methods of
the Chicago gambler had become so no
toriously offensive that the Oakland peo
ple realized that they must sacrifice the
good opinion of decent sportsmen if they
continued even te tolerate Corrigan. He
had been repudiated by reputable horse
men In other parts of the country and
the Oakland people decided to save their
own reputations by refusing to be asso
ciated with him. They therefore declined
to accept his entries, thus forcing him
to confine his energies to Tanforan.
He Immediately began to scheme for
revenge. The rejection of his entries was
the climax in a series of rebukes which
were quickly driving him out of the sport
upon which he has brought discredit. He
decided, therefore, to force Jf possible a
quarrel with the officials of the California
Jockey Club and thus create some sort
of an Issue before the American Turf
Association. In this association Corrigan
has PtilJ some standing through gross
misrepresentations in reference to the
Western Turf Association. It has been
falsely claimed that Corrigan has no
official connection with Tanforan. As a
matter of fact, demonstrated yesterday
by his own boast, he Is the absorbing,
controlling spirit of Tanforan. dictating
the policy of the concern as he pleases.
In his efforts to provoke a quarrel with
the California Jockey Club Corrigan
however, has overreached himself. He
has deliberately violated the laws of the
American Turf Association and is sub-
MURDEROUS HIGHBINDERS SHOOT
DOWN AN INOFFENSIVE CARPENTER
Another Chinese Killed in the Deadly Feud
Now Existing Between the Rival Tongs.
CORRIGAN RUNS AMUCK
AT TANFORAN PARK
Spectators Are Shocked by a
Disgraceful Scene,
The Gambler Takes a Characteristic
Method to Force an Issue— His Boast
That Ingleside Will Reopen.
HEALT BOARD HAS A
MIX-UP WITH PHELAN
Sheehati Barricades His Doors
Against Collector Scott
Lackmann and Byington Make Public Their
Appointments— Board of Public Works
Makes Park Secretary.
Cn ra ATOR PHEL.AN yesterday
//yJ/\ morning apj>^ared before the
II \/ \\ Board of Health accompanied
M /tk & b >' a police officer and made
the startli::? announcement
that he had ccme to put a stop to. any
j-^an that body might have to change the
locks on the doors and do other thing's
calculated to keep the charter board cut
when it comes to take Its seat on Monday
morning:. Despite the protests of the
members of the board, the Mayor installed
his officer Jn charge of the office. In ex
cuse of his conduct he explained that he
understood that the beard proposed con
testing the rip in cf the new board to of
fice ar.d proposed to lock the doors against
It. and he did not propose to have any
thing of the sort done.
Dr. Coffey, uho was present, -was high
ly ind'gr.ant. and informed Mayor Phelan
that he considered such conduct a refec
tion upon his professional standing. Dr.
Juiwlor, the Health Officer, denied cny
intention of changing the locks, and also
txpret-st^i his indignation at such a re-j
flection upon his professional character.
JM Niles. also connected with the board,
¦was as emphatic in his exijres^ions, and
the Mayor finally called the yhiy off an 4
discharged the officer.
Dr. Lawlor later said that he did not
£> ::y that the board intended to hold of
£ce until the Supreme Court should de
tide ii^ainet it, but at the tame time he
«aid that the doors would r.ct be barri
caded nor the locks changed. "We pro
pose to ilghi this matter out on legal
grounds," caid Dr. Lawlor, "and we are
fuing to hold iiO one up. We consider
that the courts will offer us all the pro
tection we need, and we will not resort to
hoodlum methods to maintain ourselves,
ilayor Phelan knows that as well as we
co, and his play this afternoon was sim
!.:>• for totoritty, and for nothing else,"
There was not a quorum present at the
morning meeting, but there was in the
tfternooa. and the whole question was
referred to the Attorney General.
E<i I. Shcehan, the present Tax Collect
cr, jntence to hold his c2ice against his
successor if he has to use an arsenal to
do it. withstanding that the legal as-.
; ect of his case is In the hands of the
courts, he yesterday barricaded the doors
to hit office with 2jlS timbers and with all
of the counters and furniture at his com
mand. Tax Collector-elect Scott was
made aware of Ehec-han's movements, and
intends storming the office on Monday
rooming with his entire force.
The pew Board of Kducation caucused
yesterday atternoon and listened to the
protest of Superintendent Webster against
the fixing cf deputies' salaries at a lower
Jigure thfcn J250 per month. Mr. Webster
fot no satisfaction. Mrs. Kincaid said
that If Webster proposed to appoint a
ceputy lik.; L. A. Jordan she would stand
tor no more than 515u per month. James
J-jenman taid the same thing about W. A.
Kingsbury. Both agreed that if Webeter
should appoint deputies wnoin they con
sidered fct they would vote for the higher
caiary.
The Commissioners of Public Works
fceid an informal meeting in the afternoon
and decided to elect J. Leo Parks aa sec
retary when they come together !n their
f.rst regular rneetir.g on Monday morning.
Ex-Cour:ty Clerk. John Brown was chesen
to fill the tsaroe office with the incoming
Board of Health. He will succeed Ed
ward Carroll, the present secretary.
After the meetings the members of the
Xiuraerous commissions were summoned to
Mayor Phelan's office, where they were in
formed of his Honor's desires regarding
patronage. It is understood that Andrew
Donovan is 6lated for the Superintendence
of Streets and will be appointed by the
Board of Public Works upon the Mayor's
demand.
District Attorney-elect Lewis F. Bying
ton had a conference yesterday afternoon
vlth the members of the organization and
vlth his personal advisers, and as a result
announced the following appointments
•which have already been unofficially an
nounced In The Call: Seven Assistant
District Attorneys. Eugene F. Deuprcy
John Greaney. William H. Alford. James
N. Hanly, Charles H. Welier. R. V. Whit
ing and Isaac Harris; warrant clerk.
Charles 8. Peery; assistants, F. I. Fitz
patrick. John J. Greeley and William G.
lJurke. Wallace Thompson will act as ac-
Eistant clerk.
Greaney will be assigned to Superior
Court Department 1. Frank H. Dunne
Judge. Mr. Alford will go to Department
2, VVMliam P. Lawlor, Judge. Mr. Deu
prey will be assigned to Department 12.
Carroll Cook, Judge. Welier will act as
Assistant District Attorney In Judge Con-
Jan'B court, Hanley for Judge Cabaniss.
Harris for Judge slogan and Whiting for
Judge Fritz.
Sheriff Lackmann's appointments are as
fellows:
G. A.. Hire. Vn&er 6her!2: W. J. nenin.
Chief Deputy; B. Bteioa, Chief Bookkeeper;
<>j>utle»— Frank Ccrnyn, A. J. Martin. D.
Lauer, I- J*coba, I. P. KlncaJd, J. O. Hecker.
Mrs. I. P. K'.ncald, D. O. Klr.reley P. J.
"Wajfh, E. H. Bnn«L F. P-jrar.. J. F. Wulz^n.
Otto Lfmckt, L. "W. Holllngrsworth. J. G. Wei
tel, E. M. Greene. J. Curlett, T. Atkinson, W.
H. Srr.:-.h, O. H. Williams, T. Murphy C.
Troe'.l. J. C. Nobrr.ann, Joneph Wlnrow, H. J.
Ftrehl. C. O. Burton, It. H. Mowbray, D. M.
Fhort, W. F. Dacha, D. J. McCarthy, George
I>. Troy, s. Beany. G. T. McCarthy. T. Cos
tello, J. C. Syrr.ons, J. Gallagher, Thomas F.
Eryer.t, J. F. Harvey, J. McCarthy, J. J. Mo
ran. J. N. Colter. John Davidson, Charles Metz
ner, J. CoeteJlo. Samuel Gamble, L. Winters, J.
McGeough, P. A. Bweeney. O. WJ Freun<l, D. J.
Tl'ulzen. J. IVmartinl. R. D. Squire*, A. Mur
phy, Jaroee Toomey. 11. Hinds, M. Rodders. P.
<5» X'alll, William R. Nixon, X. GauKloft. J.
Fohi. J. D. Kersey. F. E. 'Wallace. William
Meyer*.
HEALTH BOARD STATUS.
The Attorney General Will Be
Requested to Define It.
PAt a ppecial meeting of the Board of
Fealth last r.ight It was decided to re
quest the Attorney General to advise the
board an to its rights regarding the ap-
pointmerit of a new board by Mayor Phe
lan. and also to determine its legal status.
I>r. Barbat presided 8t the meeting, with
Drs. Coffey and Payne, Health Onicer
I-awlor and Secretary' Carroll present. The
lioard wlll_ meet to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock to receive the opinion of the At
torney General and will proceed In the
case as he recommends.
Mayor Phelan had promised to attend,
but he did not appear until lonp aXter the
meeting had adjourned, but as the mem
bers had remained to discuss the different
phaws of the affair he called the meeting
to order for the purpose of learning their
Intention^..
The Mayor stated that he had been in
formed that the board had determined to
resist the assumption of office by the new
board, and h« r»\ad a long legal document
prepared by his attorney, Daniel Murphy,
tho wing that the charter bad ample au-
thoiitv to provide for a new Board of
Health.
"The charter was adopted in good
faith." said his Honor, "and the people
expect to see it carried out in full force.
I can see no good reason why the mem
bers of this board should resist that
authority. I regard this as a purely
municipal affair and the charter was
mainly intended to take away former pre
rogatives exercised by the State. To the
contention that amendment S^j of the con
stitution did not confer on the Freehold
ers the right. to provide for a new Board
of Health, I will say that neither did it
provide for a Fire Commission or a Park
Commission, and yet no question has been
raised about those appointments. I would
like to know what you gentlemen are go
ing to do?"
Dr. Payne replied that on the advice of
Attorney Hepgerty It had been decided
to ask for the opinion of the Attorney
General as to the hoard's legal standing
and to abide by it.
"None of the members of the board,"
Paid Dr. Payne, "are desirous of contest
ing: the offlpe tor the purpose of holding
on. but there Is a legal doubt to be set
tled, and should it be against us we will
retire gracefully."
Attorney Copeland of Lios Angeles, who
has been retained by the employes of the
board to defend their interests, stated
that he considered the Board of Health
purely a State commission. The provision
of the l*os Angeles charter relating to the
appointments of Police Judges had been
overruled by the Supreme Court because
it did not specifically provide for them. The
Los Angeles charter is Eimilar to that of
San Francisco, because neither had been
signed by the Governor.
After a long discussion, the Mayor, ad
dressing the members of the board, said
Just before the meeting adjourned, "Gen
tlemen. If you obstruct the charter you
do so on your own responsibility "
Referring to the sending of ' Policeman
Harry Hook in the morning to see that
the locks on the office doors were not
changed the Mayor said that he had heard
that Fuch was the Intention, but on being
apprised by Dr. Coffey that it was not
true he had withdrawn the officer. Health
Officer Lawlor explained the rumor by
sayiDg that he had procured a locksmith
to change the tumbler in one of the locks
on the door of the statistician's office In
order to keep Expert Griffin out. The lat
ter possesses a duplicate key and had
6ent two kalsomlners to whitewash the
waJls without showing the proper author
ity from the Mayor, who appointed him.
CIVIL SERVICE TESTS.
Secretary of the Board to Be
Appointed Monday.
The Civil Service Commission announces
that the municipal civil service of San
Francisco officially opens under the new
charter to-morrow at noon In the Clty
HaJl, basement floor, room 5, opposite the
registration office. McAllister street en
trance. All registrations and applications
must be filed at the time and place men
tioned. No previous communication can
be considered.
As previously announced, the examina
tion for the position of chief examlnei
and secretary of the commission will take
place to-morrow mornlne at 9 o'clock in
room 7 of the Mills building. This posi
tion is worth J2uO a month, and there is a
goodly number who have obtained appli
cation blanks for the examination. Com
missioner Freud states that the selection
will be made strictly on merit.
Red, Rough Hands, Itching, Burning 1
Palms, and Jr ainful r inger Ends . \_j Jb
ONE-NIGHT CURE.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
'•+*¦ + + + + + + + + + * + + + + + + + + + + +-+
\ Pages 21 to 28 !
? ?????????????????+++??+
! Pages 21 to 28 1Our First
Switch Sale
Was Such a Success
We Are Going to Try Another.
===== r i cncDco
Switches for $1.00 t* c% *r* * «
ioinch..i. n .t 123 Stockton Street,
Qulntonica for tha Hair.
j p S. STROZYNSEI CO., |
§ j;f~\ ¦24 GEARY STREET, |
0 y^W^aST LEADHG LADIES'* HAIR DRESSERS, WIG AND $'
« Vl»'->V . TOUPET MAKIiRS. 2
1 /^My \C(L> .of Panslin Novelties and French Face g
5 W^w/l"^ v twaifleiii.s- p-:-: 6
s Our stock ofhuman hair is the largest o
s and choicest, hence such fine wigs and *
front pieces. We use none but first qual- £
ity hair for switches — no combings. f; ; _; • »
Our hair dressings are latest and most arsistic . -. ±
A We emp!sv none but experts. We hay- th; latest novelties all the time. %
± Our imported preparations for restorinc gray a,nJ bleacnid hair are the »
5 best and mast reliable. Our establishm:nt Is the finest equipped. B;st g
6 service, because under our personal supervision, and our reputation Is our <k
g standard. B. J. RYBICKI. L. E. McCLOSKEY. *?
¦^:?mm;M& HAiRr;
-4JT ~rhs PERMANENTLY
$$£__ REMOVED. •
B. B. B. ENGLISH CAROMEL
Is Sold Under a Guarantee . to .Remove
Superfluous Hair and Also Prevent its
Growth. • ? "!\.''-\ *v."
San* Francisco, Jan. 2, 1900. .
MADAME HYGEIA— Please acftopt my hearty
thanks for your . letter "of 31st. I am clad to
say I found the article I so- much needed. I
had tried the • electric needle at an ! Immense
cost, but It was of no practical value. The
R. B. B. En s li«h Carcmel IS effectual. It is
a little Hlotv, but It is sure. Again thanking
you,- I am yours respect fiiHy.
• MRS. F..HARLAN. 1333 Fols.im Bt., S. F.
WRINKLES, WRINKLES, WRINKLES.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Youth and Beauty pre-
served by using this marvel of the age. Keeps
the skin smooth, white and pliable. 4 ;.'
ELITE FACE - POWDER— ThU powder is
chemically pure and Is a prevention for super-
fluous hair. - • . .
Free examination o» the scalp.'
KLITE HAIR OROWER— Removes dandruff,
stimulates th<v scalp, produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bright. -
Scalp treatment. • ¦ „
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
83S Market Street.
bauer. Max Schweed, S. Bchiff, I* Schiff,
L. - Norlinger, Marco Hellman, D. Brown
stein, A. Brownsteln, A. Fleishman, H. J.
Fleishman. I. Laventhall, C. T. Howland.
S. M. Newmark. P. Newmark, Hugo Gold
schmidt. M. Fellhemer, M. A. Hamburger.
E. Meyberg, Charles Prayer, Karl Kaiss,
R. Phillips. J. Scoever, Alfred Solano, H.
Harris, K. Trlest, J. Walters. A- Walters.
George Newbauer, K. Stelnlein, G. Meyer
and E. J. .Lewis.
Miss Louise McFarland held an "at
home" on Monday afternoon at her home
on South Figueroa street. Misses Flor
ence Silent and Florence Cochrane as
sisted .Miss McFarland in receiving. The
Misses Eliza Bonsall and. Mabel Garnsey
presided at the lunch table. About IUO
guests were present.
Mrs. Mar>' S. Caswell entertained with
a* box party on Monday evening to hear
the Stanford Glee, Guitar and Mandolin
.Club..-.- The following were her guests:
Misses- Georgia Knight, Florence Silent
and Georgia Caswell; Messrs. Ralph Hub
bard and Luclen Knight of San Francisco.
Rev. J. J. Pitner of Ban Diego Is the
guest of friends in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Burdlck have as
their guests Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Whelan of
Uklah. . . . • » . i
H. Hugo Branders, whose marriage to
Mles Leila Edelman will tak* place on
the 17th inst., has arrived from the Ea«t.
He is accompanied by his father. J. ii
Brandies, who has come to be present at
his son's wedding.
Dr. E. H. Garrett. who has -been vlsltlns
relatives in this city, has returned to his
home in Fresno. . . • .
Mrs. W. K. Smith, who has been visit
ing her parents, Mr. and Mrs. George Bas
serman of North Olive street, for the past
two- weeks, has returned to her home In
Needles.
Mrs. E. P. Clark, who has been visiting
in San Francisco for the past six months
has: returned to her home in this city ¦ '
M 5 and Mrs. John W. Edwards, who
recent meeting of the Colonial^the follow
ing ofllcers weTe elected;. President, vv.^.
\l7-Mahon- vice, . president, so., tiat.au,
n-pasurer S Israel; financial secretary,
MiTjolie Beajelr f /ec»rtf nfc «Cf«tary.
\v C Mankc M. of A:, John l.aianne.
Mr and Mrs Simon.' Myrson lannounee
the barmitzvah of their f°» at *he
B o'clock on Sunday. 'January 21. at their
residence, 825 Eddy street* r
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Menaol will receive at
their residence. 1408 Geary street; tw?
"James P. McCarthy. has returned from
a business trip to Los Angeles.
Mra. L."Birnbaum has resumed her da>
"lir^M'rTcU*. a Pr.t. bay. le«
for an extended trip to the East and
kirschbraun will- be at home
the third Tuesday Of- e*eh month at li»04
SU Mr" Bimon Levy (nee Wailach^m be
pleased to see her friends the second Mon
day of each month at Hotel Miramax^cor
ner of Geary and Leavenworth streets. .
Mr and Mrs. S. Schneider will receive
Sunday. January 14.-from-2-to Bp. m. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar J. Bamberger have
returned from their- trip to Chicago, Phila
delphia and y New York. -. • . " a.
" Mrs J. Markwitz will be at home on tfie
third Morrdayat 324 McAllister .street . .*
'<¦¦ Mrs. S. 11. Friendly and. the Misses
Friendly of -Eugene, Or.. ar.e.at.,the Gran
ada and will be at home Mondays.. : ;
¦ Edgar J. Mayers lett-.on. Wednesday
evening on a trip to Cincinnati, and Nsw
York. ¦ "• -¦¦¦ • . •-' »•
Los Angeles.
One of the most elegant of the- many
holiday social affairs was the New -"i ears
ball given by the Concordla Club on Surf
day evening at the clubrooms on- South
Main street. The following were present:
Mr. and Mrs..H. Newmark, Mr. and Mrs.
M. W. Newmark, Mr. and Mrs. M. H.
Newmark, Mr. and Mrs. J. Baruch. Mr.
and Mrs. L. Baruch. Mr. and Mrs, 1 Max
Goldschmldt, Mr. and Mrs. H. N. "Golrt
schmldt, Mr. and Mrs. M, S. Hellman,
Mr. and Mrs. 11. W. Hellman. Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Hellmah, Mr. and Mrs; M.
Jacoby. Mr. and Mrs.. Ij. Jacoby. Mr", and
Mrs. A.. Jacoby. Mr. and Mrs. N. Jacoby,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Loeb, Mr. and Mrs. Leon
Loeb, Mr. and Mrs. John Kahn, Mr. arid
Mrs: J. E. Waldeck,- Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Sunderland. Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Woolla
cott, Mr. and Mrs. I. S. "Salkey, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Norallnger, Mr. and Mrs. 3. P<J
laskl, Mr. and Mrs. : S". Me^er, Mr.- and
Mrs. F. Schlff. Mr. and Mrs. S. Sellgman,
Mr.' and Mrsv E. B. Laventhal, Mr.\and
:Mrs. S3- Lazard, Mr. -and Mrs. Meyber;?,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Levy, Mr .and Mrs. M.
Lrtssncr, Mr. and Mrs. >M. C. Alden,.* Mr.
and Mrs. B. Baruch, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Baruch, Mr. and Mrs.- William dine; M>.
and Mrs. Kasper Cohn; Mr.: and- Mrs.
PL W. Frank, Mr. and ¦ Mrs.' H«.
Goldwater." Mr. and • Mrs. A. -Haas,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Harris: Misses n Leila
Edelman, Etta -Jacoby, Freda Hellman,
Hortense Hellman, Camtlle Hellman,' Leah
Hellman, Adele Lewis, <Tracey Levj< Alice
Levy of San Dlefro, Rose Roth of- Ventura.
Hannah Laventhal, B. Cave, Rose Meyer,
Estella Meyer, Ray Cohn. Tessica Brown
stein. Miss Phillips; Messrs. Eugene' Roth,
A. M. Edelman. M. Mendelsohn, S. New-
GRAND OPERA-110USE»«Speciai.<
THURSDAY. AFTERNOONS. Jan. 18, ..Feb'..;. 1_
and 13 and March 1 and 15. at 3:15 o'clock! *•'•-•
Five Symphony Concerts
Under the Direction of
HENRY JHOLMES.
66 Musicians injhe Orchestra.
Subscription pric* forgeries, J6. $4, *3, $3 and $1.
laTe at Sherman. Clky A Co.*. closes Thursday.
beats' for suigle concerts, $1.50. n.OO. TCc. 60c
and 25c .; '-¦¦¦• ¦ -'¦ . .
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
, ' GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ETHEL BURT, Coasting the Chutes.
MAJOR AIITE,
Smallest Actor on Earth.
f BALLOON ASCENSION
THIS SUXDAT AFTERNOON.
EMIL MARKEBERQ.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY (PT.'NDAY).
. TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME.
CHIA)AA!E FADDEN.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) Nfl__F.
First Arr*>arance IRENE EVERETT. 1
\Vfcfn Win Sic Presented
Madeline Lucelle Fly ley's. Legitimate Comedy.
Drama, ¦'
SPEC I Al/ SCENERY AJTD" EFFECTS. •
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tbe Skin Food anil Tissue Build ir,
Is a food for the skin. It makes the
skin firm and preserves its elasticity,
thus preventing wrinkles. You cannot
freckle or tan with the creme on your
face. No toilet table complete without
it. One pot. 75 cents. Lasts 3 months
daily use. It is the only Skin Food on
the market. Beware of worthless IMI-
NATION'S nnd accept no substitute.
Your Gray Hair e^ „..,
Not Wanted .Jsssss!
But there is relief from it. In
Four Days it can be Restored
To Its Natural Color by using
?%|Ptlf air Restorer
It is p.ot a dye, but in a natural way
it acts on the roots, compelling the
secretion of the pigments that give
life and color to the hair— in four
days— f i a bottle, at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
U A i O That s reate * t ° f all di «-
i"i Wli Bl '^Snremen t« of a xto-
¦ ¦"¦ 111 man's face, permanently
removed, in the only suooessfnl 'way
—with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
Warts, Freckles, Moles. Pimp 1 • ¦
and Wrinkle* quickly removed under
my personal treatment at my Der-
"¦•atological Parlors.
TRIAI pnj CDPC Ladies out of town
lilUtL IUI in>.Li ending this coupon
end l«c in «aror>g will receive my Book of In-
«truction« and a box of IX)LA MONTEZ
CKESIE and FACE POU'DEU FREE.
MRS. NETTIE" HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST.
40 »nd 42 Geary Street, S&n Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE
COMMENCING MONDAY, JAN. Bth.
THIRD WEEK
CFTHE
Enormous Success,
THE GORGEOUS EXTRAVAGANZA,
JL JL 1 UU
Children's Matinee Saturday 1 1
I\ew Songs, Jokes, Dances, Ballets,
The Greatest Company in Frisco.
SEATS ON SALE_OHE WEEK AHEAD.
POPULAR PRICES, 25 AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone Bush 9.
NEXT PRODUCTION,
Frank Daniels' Brilliant Success,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
Jolm-MACARTHEY--Nellie
In an Original Sketch. " "A WALL STREET
BROKER."
Week" com'nVenclns' SUNDAY, January 7.
1 A BILL. PAR EXCELLENCE. •>
Everj'thlny new, novel anJ enttrtatnlngy
America's Greatest Character Comediennes,
THE ELINORE SISTERS,
Ir> Georce M. Cohan - s -latest cne-act . comedy,
. .• "dangerous aras. delaney."
CALIFORNIA THEATER |.|s»
' ... BK AX . EXTHI'SIAST. . „
COME AND APPLAUD
With th« Multitude Who Are Raving: Orer th«
MaKnlflcent Production of
\A/ITH F r l_"\'irSG C:OL.ORS.
Last Performance" by tfie 'FRAWLEY CX>M-
¦ • ' PANT TO-NIGHT. -
Commencing; NEXT TUESDAY. January »th.
First. Production In Ran Francisco of
"** ' ~Fih>rd'B OrlgtnaJ. Modern Comedy.
"THE PRINCESS AND THE BUTTERFLY."
THOSE WHO LOVE DESP .HEVES OROW OLD.
Debut of MISS MARY SCOTT.
II
OUR Nlffht— 7sc, £oc. 23c.
POPULAR Matinee— 6oc. 25c.
PRICE 9. Box and Lo&e Seat*. $1. AH
• . : . - • • • Reserved.
Sn. Preparation— 'rTHE COUNTESS OUCKL"
'•THE HEART OF MARYLAND."
1230-I23M234MARKET STREET.
Sala of Odds and Ends and Broken Llnes'of
TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
JACKETS, CAPES,
FURS, SKIRTS
and SI Ilk WAISTS.
All this^Beason's styles, pjrfect-fittin^
garments, at
REDUCED PRICES!
TAILOR-MADE SUITS. ;
$17.50 and $IS.OO>TA!LOR-MADE SUITS
reduced to. .f •¦ • "$lO.OO
$20.00 and $22.50 TAILOR-MADE SUITS
reduced to^ ...<....•...... .$15.00
$25.00 and $30.00 TAILOR-Ma.DE SUITS
reduced t0. . . . . : .. ....... -$20.00
JACKETS
$7.50 and $8.50 KERSEY JACKETS re-
duced t0. . . . . : . . . - ; $5.00
$10.00 and $12.50 KERSEY JACKETS re-^
- duced to $7.50
$15.00 and $17.50 KERSEY JACKETS re-
duced t0....... $10.00
GOLF CAPES.
$ 7.50 GOLF CAPES reduced to. ..$ 5.C0
$12.50 GOLF CAPES reduced to. . .8. 850
$15.00 GOLF, CAPES reduced to. . ..$lO.OO
FURS. FURS.
$12.50 FUR CAPES reduced to. .18 8 50
$15.00.FUR CAPES reduced to. . SlO.OO
$25.00 FUR CAPES reiuced to. - .817.50
TXEATUi
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
SPECIAL ACCOMMODATIQM I JS^fflS 1
Kts ANNOUNCED!
BEGINNING i|>f_^A/n_l V
to-morrow, niXJiMUIA M ,
I ¦AT A LIEBLER
3 nPT t> _. co.
Lflol NIGHTS HA p __" Bt
AND MATINEE powp'S
SATURDAY. 1 "-
THE
CHRISTIAN.
-Farewell Nlftht. Saturday, January 18.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS THURSDAY
Pop the Notable EaA't^n* 0 "* °'
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER.
CHAS. B. HANFORD
In the Mammoth Scenic Revival of
THE WINTER'S TALE.
75 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE.
OPENIN6 NIGHT MONDAY. JANUARY 15.
ly, Mrs.- H. Spencer, Mrs. R. Swain, Mrs.
•B. Blackwell and Mrs. J. H. Whitty. ,
The home of Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Coonoy,
656 -Ban Jose avenue, on New, Year'.s eve
was the scene of much merriment and en
joyment, the occasion being 'a Christmas
tree party given to their, daughter Lo
rette. The house throughout was deco
rated with lanterns and colored dandles.
E. C. Hare as Santa Clause caused no end
of laughter among the young folks. Vocal
selections rendered by Miss Mary Dean,
Miss Madeline Rutledge and Miss Lorette
Cooney added much to the evening b en
tertainment. The" affair concluded with
an excellent menu. Those present were:
.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hare. Mr. and Mrs.
F. Dean, Mr. and Mrs. C. Mason. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Rutledge, Mr. and M. Dough
erty, Mr. and Mrs. J. Manning. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. P. Bucking
ham, Mr. and Mrs. R. Cooney, Miss Katte
Cooney, Miss Eva Hare, Miss Annie 1-ay,
Miss Mary Dean, Miss Annie Mierdiercks,
Miss Ella' Rutledge, Miss Madeline Rut
ledge, Miss Lorreto Manning, Miss Lo
rette Cooney. T. Callan, E. Reardon, &.
Fay, S. Fay. C. Cheffers, J. Cooney. W.
Mason. C. Mason, H. Dougherty, W.
Dougherty. S. Sullivan. Mr. Hammond
and W. Buckingham.
A delightful fancy dress party waa
given at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
George I^. Darling, 2820 Folaom street, on
the afternoon of the Ist inst. in celebra
tion of the fifteenth anniversary of the
birth of their son Harry. An immense
room on the upper floor had been most
tastefully decorated with palms and flow
ers for the occasion, giving it the appear
ance of a bower of the land of sunshine
and flowers during a rose festival, in©
effect was greatly heightened by tne
varied, pretty costumes worn by the chil
dren. The time passed quickly with games
and music and a recitation that charmed
most was that by little Ruth Chrlstesen.
The participants in tho festival were
twice taken by flashlight as a memento or
the event. At 5 o'clock the children took
place at a table decorated in white ana
violet and were served a dainty collation.
Amid merry prattle and the din of tin
hums an'- enjoyable hour was spent. In
the airangemc-nt oi the affair Mrs.- Darling
was assisted by Mrs. Anna Johnson and
Miss Nellie Prewett. The .invited were:
Elaine Johnson, Annie Meinberger, Grace
Hayes, Claire Fahrenholtz. Etta Price,
Hazel Duncan. Edith Standart, Louise
Lanley. Mildred Jones. May Charlson,
Edith Carroll, Leone Lando, Dwignt L.
Clark, George Carroll, Clalr Lieb, Carroll
Gibson, Raymond Fahrenholtz, W 111
Klein, Wright Terwillinger, Ben Duncan,
Alfred Weister, Ernest Charlson, Bert
Lando and Earl Lieb. ' '
Miss Dtloris Ryan, assisted by her bro
thers, Masters William and George, en
tertained many of her young friends at a
Christmas tree party at her residence,
ISO 3 Stockton street, on Thursday, the 23th
ult. The large spacious parlors and dining
room were brilliantly illuminated and fes
tooned with beautiful ferns, holly and
bunting of patriotic colors; while mistle
toe hung conspicuously from every nook
and corner. During the evening those
present enjoyed themselves' with games,
singing, dancing, music and cakewalking
until a late hour, when, to the lively air
of a string orchestra, the company
marched to the dining room where a
sumptuous repast awaited them.
At "Casa Esperanza," Haywards, Dr.
Lv Ella Cool entertained Dr. and Mrs.
Suddeth of New York last Monday even
ing at dinner.
On December 29, ISS9, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Johnston Loggic celebrated the first an
niversary of their wedding by a dinner,
followed by a delightful musicale and
dance. Most charming music was render
ed by Frank Coffin, Arthur Kennedy,
Mrs. O'Brien and Miss Veda Loggie. A
few felicitous toasts apropos of the happy
occasion were resnended to by Arthur
Kennedy, Mr. McNear and Dr. Lagan.
Among those joining in wishing the host
and hostess health, wealth and prosperity
were: Mr. and Mrs. McLea, Mr. and Mrs.'
J. O'Brien, Captain and Mrs. Hyde, Misses
Gatribltz. Gorman. Hydenfelt; E. Loggie,
V. Loggie, Dr. L. R. Gambitz. Dr. Lagan,
Messrs. Coffin, Kennedy, McNear, Ross,
Abbott and McKay.
On Friday evening a very pleasant sur
frise party was tendered to Miss May
lailmann'at her residence. 70S IJrann.in
street, by her school friends. A most en
joyable evening was spent and refresh
ments were served, at a late hour. Among
those present were: Millie Thistleton,
Gertrude Campbell, Mabel Williams, Elsie
Kelly, Emma James, Eva Lauehran, Bes
sie McVey. Mabel Thistleton, May Soulen,
Charles Miller, Will Potts, Eugene Moss,
John Kelly, Will Mfller, Jack Ingellield,
Charles Douney. Harry Odell, Frank So
bey, Charles Gamble, Gus Plate and
George Williams.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Morgan of Sl6 Union
street, Oakland, kept open house on New
Year's day. In the evening a few friends
assembled and. made merry.- until the wee.
hours. of morning. Thomas. King and his
daughter played some very line selections
on piano and cornet; J. Barnert sang some
of the latest songs; Mr. and Mrs. Ed Mc-
Laughlin gave a few choice recitations.
One of the most pleasant features of the
evening was a Cakewalk performed by
Master Percy Morgan and Mips Mildred
Karnett, both little tots; Miss Maud King
and Miss May Croebie sang some duets;
the Union street trio sang some operatic
selections. New Year's day being Mr. and
Mrs. Morgan's fifteenth anniversary of
marriage, it made their entertainment
doubly enjoyable. A quartet, "The
Bucket," was eung by Master Charles
Morgan, -May Crosbie, Miss King and N.
Barnett. The following were present:
Florence James, Mrs. D. McCarthy, Mr.
Hubert, Walter and Mrs. Mulkey, R.
Barnett, Miss Alice Barnett, Mrs. Iving,
Mrs. Jacobs. Mr. Bright, Mr. and Mrs..
"Walter Mendenthorp, Mrs. Barnett, Mabel
Howard. James Minaker. Joe Foss,' Min
nie Adair. Alice Thompson, Kate
O'Rourke, William O'Rdurke, Mrs. Ellis,
Mr. Ellis. Daisy Ancolver, Fred Austin,
Frank Mills. MWtin Mills, Jennie Mills,
Violet Cohen, Isaac Cohen, Jack For
repter, Lizzie Forrester.
One of the most enjoyable functions riiir
ing Christmas week was the party given
on the 24th of December by Mr. and Mrs.
K. Tosawa at their residence, 1323 Clay
street. The spacious hall, parlors and
supper room were beautifully decorated
with many lanterns, flags and every im
aginable flower and green of the season.
The early part of the evening was de
voted to the distributing of the • many
gifts, which were stacked high under and
around the immense and gorgeously orna
mented Christmas tree, by Mr. Nagasawa
who in the person of Santa Clans causpd
great merriment, not only among the
young folks, but older ones as well. Vocal
and instrumental selections were rendered
by the young and brilliant pianist Miss
Alma Stoncel and Miss Edith M. Rhind.
After many games and much dancing the
guests adjourned to the supper room,
where a most palatable menu was servr-d.
Toasts were offered to the host and host
ess, and a general good time prevailed
until the wee sma' hours. Miss Edith
Rhind assisted the charming hostess in
receiving the guests, who were: Mrs.
Stencel, Mr. and Mrs. S. Stencel Misses
Alma and Margaret StehceL Mrs. M.
Rhind, Mrs. Rosenberg, Miss Carrie Ros
enberg. Mrs. Schwitzer. Miss Heien
Schwitzer. Miss Ethel Marks, Miss Tsuru
Aokl, Miss Fumie Tosawa. Master Tedsu
Tosawa, Messrs. Nagasawa, Abbe, Koba
washl and Suyekawa,
On Friday evening a most enjoyable
party was given by Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Massle, 2922 Pine street. Games were in
dulged in and greatly enjoyed. Refresh
ments were served in the beautifully dec
orated dining-room. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. F. Walker, Mrs. Hooper,
Mr. and Mrs. Massle, Misses. Nancy and
Nony Hooper, Florence Fox, Stella Ray
mond, Leslie Carter, Claudia Massle, John
Greenman, William Strawbridge, Jminn
Wolfsen, Herbert Thasca, Edgar Rein
hold, Victor Massie, Charles Massle and
Andrew Massle,
CLub Parties.
The holiday Reason has been fittingly
observed in the Sunset district by a series
of delightful entertainments, beginning
with the Christmas bazaar held during
the early part of December and reaching
a climax In the odd and original watch
night meeting held at the Sunset fire
engine house or. New Year's eve by the
members and guests of the Sunset Lit
erary and Musical Cub. This event was
decidedly interesting. The early part of
the evening was spent in listening to a
guitar recital given by "Profesßor Mohan.
Refreshments were then served by the
ladles of the club. Captain Kelly of the
engine-house had a surprise in_ store for
the company. Upon the stroke^of 12 the
gong was sounded, the button pressed
and simultaneously the horses sprang- to
position, prancing wildly in mad desire
to rush to the supposed lire. Amid a wild
uproar of gongs and horns the New Ye.ir
was welcomed. After an interchange of
New Year greetings the early morning
hours were pleasantly spent in dancing
and playing games. The Christmas tree
parties of Sunset have' been exceedingly
enjoyable affairs. Among the ladies who
have entertained during the holidays are
noted Mrs. W. Jones. Mrs. Edward Ewald,
Mrs. L-. Moldrup. Mrs. J. Thereot, Mrs.
Walter Scott, Mrs. A. Harrington and
Mrs. G. Makinson.
The sixtieth meeting" of the San Mateo
Fortnightly was held on the evening of
January 4 at the residence of Mr. George
W. Dickie. A paper introductory to trie
consideration of- sociological topics was
read by F. R. King. , The musical feature
of the evening comprised a trio by Mr.
and Mm. King and S. A. Maclure, with a
few remarks by Dr. Moore Graham and
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes «r- removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donoho«
building. 1170 Market st. cor. Taylor, rooms
18-23, with the electric n»edl« without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
Tha *r«*te«t skla food aad tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making th* akia firm.
It renders th* ikin soft. _______ ..^ _,
smooth cl*ar, whit* and
youthful. It '* a Uqujd. __^*« k^>
Any cr«am of the con- • JCrfi^r&Ss? 8 * 1
slstency of butter will _>___3T^WI
stimulate th* «rowth of fjr+SQjP' *;* S*^
hair on th-- face. Bran- V!««S "^?'-SS£ii
Iran Tol'-t Cr»»m ts _V* _* » f»M
puarantpM not to do so. *I_S *^f**'ils
All <!ru?Klsta and at jt __Bhj_t__^W
efflce of A. W. TRAY- n________F.7
ERSE. M. D. i i rim ii ¦¦¦ i i
Attorney Henry E. Highton. After a vio
lin bolo was rendered by Dr. L.
Norrls, Mrs. J. H. Doane accompanying.
The next meeting will be held at the Ho
tel Mateo. Tho following members were
present: Mr. and Mrs. G. W". "Dickie, Mr.
and Mrs. C. M. Morse, C. N. Kirkbride,
Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Fuller, Mrs. and Miss
Wallace, the Misses Goodhue, Miss C.
Levy, the Misses Waldraff, Mr. and Mrs.
Prior, Dr. and Mrs. Moore Graham. L.
C. McAfee, Henry Highton, Mr. and Mrs.
D. F. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. N. J. Great
head, Mrs. Lincoln, F. R. King, Mr. md
Mrs. J. H. Doane, Alec Dickie, Rev. and
Mrs. R. H. Kennedy, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Dickie. Mr. and Mrs. P: L. Noisat.
Mrs. Sisson, Dr. E. K. Sisson, C. L. Dres
bach. Miss Mary Morse, Miss Frances
Soule, Mr. Lee. Mrs. E. W. Van Slack,
Miss Anna Dickie. Mrs. S. P. Brown, Dr.
William Norris, Mr. McDonald, Miss Mo
Donald, Miss Clarke, Fritz Dickie, Mr.
and Mrs. W: E. Dennison, Miss Dennison,
Mrs. Ferrer.
In the Future.
The "Unknowns" will give, their annunl
masquerade ball at Union Square Hall,
421 Post street, Saturday, February 10,
1900. -v-A': . ¦ ••
The Mystics' next assembly will be held
on next Tuesday evening, January .9, at
Native Sons' Hall. . . t .
On next .Wednesday evening, January
10, 1900,' th© Colonial Social Club will ten
der a grand ball to their many friend 3 in
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutler street. A
most enjoyable programme has been ar
ranged by the committee. Refreshmen-s
will be served during the evening. At a
Of V7l/y^f /I ST.,
V-/X-, M iVi M tA\ COR. MASON
¦ ¦ The only free vaudeville show In th* city.
First appearance of the Great
ZOTARRA, 1
America's Greatest Globe Artist.
"MISS OLLIE AND ~Mn.. BEBT LA MONT,
Society Acrobats and Equilibrists.
. • - . CAD WILSON; -
- Th« Nugget-decked Soubrette.
- AND A HOST OF VAUDEVILLE STARS.
: A }1(>.0C4 belt and chatelaine, belong- :
" : Ins to Cad WUs.on, and built or nurcets :
: dug. by her from the rirers of the :
' 2 Kfondlke, can be seen In the show win- :
'. ::dows of Baldwin Jewerry Store. SU-343 :
- : Market street. ..*.
.-. ¦.•¦•- •¦ ADMISSION FREE. •
r AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRTDAT.
' "- MATINEE EVERT SCNDAT.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAT, SUNDAY, Janoary 1 1MI
SENSATIONAL
OPEN STAKE!
$1000 IN PRIZES!
96 NOMINATIONS.
/
MUSIC BT VOX DER MEHDBN*B BAXD.
THAU* SJCRVIC'S:
Le**«s Third and Towasend »trtx»t». It •_ ai..
13 m. aad 1 p. ra.. Twenty-flftb and Valencia
streets flvt minutes later. Returning at 4:45
p. m. and aftar last course. San Mateo electric
cars ev«ry ten minute*.
ADMISSION X CENTS. LADIES 7REB.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE MOST BRILLIANT EVENT OF THE
- SEASON.
TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
THE GREAT PP.IMA DONNA.
EMMA
NEVADA.
MR. SELDEN PRATT, pianist, and
MR. LOUIS BLUMENBERG, Cellist.
EXCLUSIVE MANAGEMENT CHAS. I*
TOUNO. New York.
PRICES-^. $2, »L
SECURE SEATS EARLT.
THE ROZINOS,
Eccentric Acrobats- Without' Equal
BILLY RICE and H: W. FRILLMAN,
In an Entire Change of Programme
FRANK, LATONA,
The world-famous musical tramp,
in_ M. Scctt. 507 HarriEon street. After
the discuf^iou of an elaborate repast tho
party spent a pleasant evening at the
theater. Mr. Scott's, guests were: Lieu
tenant Reginald Knight Smith, passed
assistant surgeon, U. S. N., ana Mrs.
Smith. Miss Edith Mcßean, Miss Genc
vleve Caiolan. Miss Isabel Kittle, Miss
Alma McClung, Miss Bertha Sidney
Smith, Miss Bernice Drown, Miss Cora
Sm«*dL*Tb', Karl Howard, I. Murray Or
rick. Knox Maddox. Frederick H. Coon,
Willard Drown, Frank King and Law
rence Scott.
The Colonial Dames were given a New
Year's reception by Mrs. William Craig
and her sister. Miss Roberta Thompson,
on Tuesday afternoon, January 2^ at their
homt\ 2517 Washington street. The guefat
of tionor was Mips Margaret Foster, an
ex-oflicer of the New Hampshire Society,
whp is visiting her sister, Mrs. Frank
Winchester, who, with Miss Marie Voor
hies, Mrs. W. I. Kip. Mrs. William lleger.
Miss Eda Moody and Mrs. Horace Davis,
are among the recently accepted Dames.
Colonel Robert Tibbltts was tendered
a reception Sunday evening in honor of
his return from Samoa, after an absence
of about a year. The reception was' given
by Miss Lucey Kennedy, assisted by Mrs.
Gertrude Cowlee. Miss Clara Sawyer.
Miss Scott and Miss M'mkton. The home
of Mi<s Kennedy, where .the reception
was held, was beautifully decorated fpr
the occasion. A Ptring orchestra was
stationed in the hallway and rendered
rweet music during the evening. Colonel
Tibbitts erave\a brief account of his trip
to tiie Samoan Inlands, and in a humorous
vein recounted the habits of the native
women. 'Miss Kennedy, who is possessed
of c rare ve>ice, sang several operatic airs,
which were enthusiastically received.
Mrs. Qowlea did a cakewalk. and was fol
lowed by her - little daughter Cecil in
choice piano selections. At the conclu
sion of the festivities Colonel Tibbitts
was presented with a magnificent dia
mond horseshoe pin. the gift of his many
admire-rs.
They're Engaged.
The engagement of Miss Alma S. Wes
senberg to William J. Peden Jr. is an-,
nounced.
Mr. and Mrs. I. A. Berliner announce
the engagement of their daughter Lulu to
I. Frledlanaer.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Wolf announce
the engagement of their daughter, Miss
Phoebe AVolf, to Elias Levy.
Mrs. Pauline Westerfeld announces th<»
engagement of her daughter, Ella M.
Westerfeld, to Ernst O. Schraubstadter
of St. Loui?.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Sophie Ehrlich, daughter of Louis Ehr
lich, to Meyer Lando, both of this city.
Wedding Balls
A very pretty New Year's wedding took
place at Union Square Hall, the contract
ing parties being Mr. Samuel Schneider
and Miss Carrie Dresner, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. L. D. Dresner of 103S Valencia
street. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy under a white
canopy and was witnessed by a large
number of relatives and friends. The
bridal procession was headed by little
Hazel and Arthur Jonas, niece and
nephew of the bride, followed by the maid
of honor and best man. Miss Leah Simon,
niece of the bride, and Mr. I. Dresner,
brother of the bride. The bridesmaids
were Miss Lena Jonas, Miss Gertrude
Jonas and Miss Martha Stone. The
groomsmen were Mr. Louie Jonas. Frank
E. Simon of Placerville and Mr. Jake
Jonas of Saa Bernardino. The bride was
attired in a cream duche=se satin gown,
trimmed with chiffon. Supper followed the
ceremony. T<Mfgrams were received from
the father, mothor and brother of the
groom, who reride In New York, and from
friends in different parts of the State.
After the supper a very enjoyable time
was spent in dancing. The happy couple
will spend their honeymoon in the south
ern portion of the State.
The wedding of Lucetta R. Salmon and
Dr, Milo J.,Giilrtt took ]>lace at the resi
dence of the bride, at 127 Ellis street. «.n
the evening of November S. Dr. George
S. Adams of the First Consregatioi al
i'hurch officiating. None but thy imme
diate relatives and friends were invited.
A very pretty weddlr.ig was solemnized
on last Monday evening, January 1, at
the home of the bride's mother. Afrs. An
nie Bcning. 1114 Webster surest, when the
Rev. J. I-uendoiing united Miss Amy D.
Boning of San Krancisco and Dr. J. S.
iU-nefee of Arcata. The bride is a well
known and very popular Native Daugh
ter and was born in San Francisco. She
is a member of Buena Vista Parlor and
has always taken an active interest in
the order. The home was beautifully il
luminated and the parlors were hand-
Fomely decorated with smilax, evergreen,
ferns and roses. The maid of honor was
Miss Emma Boning, the sister of the
bride. The groom's best man was Ar
thur Duprey of Napa. At 9 o'clock Miss
Gussie Menke intoned Lohrengren's beau
tiful wedding march, and when the first
mains of the music filled the air the
maid of honor. Miss Emma Bening, en
tered the parlor, followed by the bride
leaning on the arm of her brother, Gus
Bening. The wedding procession march
ed to a position under a beautiful canopy,
of pink roses and white narcissuses, where
the bride %vas presented to the groom,
who, in company with the best man, was
waiting to receive her. The ceremony
was impressive and the Rev. J. Fuende
llng addressed the happy couple and be
stowed upon them his blessing for their
future lives. The wedding gown of the
bride was a beautiful white peau de sole
silk. The trimmings of. the bodice were
real lace and the skirt was decked with
orange blossoms. The veil fell in long
graceful folds to the hem of the long
train .of the gown. She carried a large
shower or bouquet of bridal roses on her
left arm. The maid of honor was at
tired in white organdie over white taf
frta silk, with pink velvet trimmings.
After the ceremony and congratulations
tho wadding party, relatives and intimate
friends, numbering fifty, repaired to the
banquet hall, whrre ?. bountiful repast
had been spread and whf-re all the gursis
< njoyed themselves. After the bridal
supper several hours were spent in mu
sic, song, mirth and dancing. The bridal
couple were the recipients of a great
number of costly wedding presents.
Amid showers of rice the- newly mar
ried couple took their departure for a
trip through the southern part of the
State, where they will spend their honey
moon. On returning to San Francisco
they will stop at the bride's home for a
short period and then leave for their new
and permanent home In Arcata, where
the groom will continue his professional
duties.
Home Gatherings
On Saturday evening last Miss Bessie
Whltty celebrated her twelfth birthday
by a party given to a number of her
little friends at tha residence of ncr
parents, on Mission street, between Sev
i enth and Eighth. The evening was
! pleasantly spent in music, games and
I recitations. Master Raymond Swain
i aged 10, as a solo whistler, was the fea-
I ture of the entertainment. At 10 o'clock
I the guests eat down to refreshments and
I holiday cheer. Those present were'
Misses Agx.es Bradley. Katie Bradley
Nellie Ingram, Cora Beebe, Bessie Whlt
ty, Masters Raymond and Melvin
Swain, Mrs. W. B. Ingram, Mrs. C Kel-
¦ AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHAS. A. GARDNER,
The' Original Dutch Dialect Comedian.
DOROTHY DREW,
The Girl Who Kicks as Well as ShsSlngs.
THORNE and CARLETON,
v • Presentrnr •'THE INTRUDER."
"tFOUGERE,
Last Week of the Famous Parisian Clianteuse.
MATINEE TO-DAY -(SUNDAY), January 7.
Parquet, 25c. any seat; balcony," 10c; children,
10c. any part.
A" few front orchestra rows reserved, BOc;
front rows of balcony, reserved, 25c. _____
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUS3.)
Mdy *aa Joa«s BU. FHOHE, 80OXH TTO.
STARTING WITH MATINEE TO-DAT.
ONE WEEK ONLT.
TO-NIGHT,
B«« the Relgninc Success. THS
DUEL
FOUGHT
BY TWO
WOMEN
lIS AIN
AFFAIR
of HONOR.
Presented by th*
RENTZ-SANTLEY COMPANY.
POPULAR PRICES.
NEXT— THE RAT'S Howllnc Success.
*'fV MOT OLD -TIME."
THE new year opened auspiciously. in
social circles with a swell wedding,
numberless reception dinners, lun
cheons ar.d dances.
Quite the most novel .and enjoyable af
fair of the pc-ason was the dinner given
by Miss Ethyl Ha^tr on Wednesday even
ing, January 2. at hf»r home at the south
¦xvest corner of Sacramento and Franklin
streets. The invitations read 'Vostuine
d'cnfar.t de riguour." and the hostess and
tier Bisters, Miss Ilaerer and Miss Alice
linger, were in 8choo!-_irl dresses. The
quests' costumes varied from tho?c ap
jiropriate to infants up to those of the
hobbledehoy age. and their appearance
vas v*-ry amusing.
After dinner there was a Christmas tree
In ihe iarpe hall, from which gifts were
distributed to the guests, and afterward
'"Puss in the Corner" and other childish
games were played.
ilifs Hagers quests Included Miss Ha
ger. Miss Alice liager. Miss Virginia Jol
liffe. Miss Mary Scott. Miss Georglr.a
Hopkins, Miss Thf rose Morgan. Miss Caro
Crorkett. M'.ss Mary Grimwoud Josselyn,
Beatrice Tobin. Mr. Edward Tobin.
>lr. E. M. Grfer.way. Mr. Frank L. Owen.
Mr. Adclison Mlzner. Mr. Samuel H.
Boardman, Mr. Clarence Follis. Mr. Bert
C'adwalader. Mr. Willard Drown and Mr.
Julian Thome.
, The Friday Fortnlphtly Club held its
fifth dance of the present season at Cotill
on Hall on Friday evening. The mem-
V>ts and their guests were received by
3lrs. Monroe Salisbury, and the cotillon
vas led by Miss Azalea. Keye-s, who had
&s her partner Mr. Addison Mizner.
Miss Caro Crockett cave a dinner In
honor of Mifs H»-len Hopkins and Mr. Au
gustus C. Taylor, whose engagement has
Just been announced, last Thursday even-
Ing at the home of her parents. Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett.
Mr. Harry M. Holl>rook gave a theater
party recently; taking his friends to see
"The Christian" and afterv.-ard to cupper
at the Palace Hotel. Mr. Holbrook's
put-Ms wore Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crock
er. Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Bessie
Fnreve, Miss Mamie Kohl. Mr. F. S. Kohl.
2Jr. Charles N. Felton Jr.. and Mr. Bowie.
An enjoyable luncheon was given by
Olive Holbrook at her home on Van
.Ness avenue on Thursday. It was chap
eroned by Mrs. Alexander D. Keyos (nee
Fa!!sburyt. and the other quests were
Miss Genevieve Kirn?. Miss Elmore. Miss
Hripharri. Miss Rertha Smith. Mlpr Voor
bies, Miss Loughboroujrh. Mi?s Salisbury.
Miss Kihel Cooper. Miss R<rr.ice Drown.
Miss Ltila Voorhies, Miss Spreckels. Miss
Leontire niakoman, Miss Lillian Spre-ck
«-If. Miss Mollie Thomas and Miss Therese
Morgan.
A dinner party was given by Lawrence
I. Scott last Thursday evt-nin? at the
home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Irv-
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-H BCO. inclusfTfc
BU high-class running races «Ttry week-day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. in.
The Ideal winter racetraclc of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand stand, glasa-enclcsed. whera
comfortably housed In bad weather they c»a
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Towcsend street* at
»:C0 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:33. li:S0
and 1:25 p. m., returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear car» reserved
for women and their escorts. No sznolclcg.
Valencia street 10 mtnutea later.
San Joae and way stations. Arrtva at San
Bruno at 12:43 p. m. Leave San Brano at 4:00
and 4:45 c. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. $: 23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
have be«n vlsltlns relatives in this city,
havo returned to their home In Redlands.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Jepson Jr. are oc-
cupying their new home. 1043 South AJva-
rado street.
pORAND (JPERifIOUSE. S|
S STILL PLATINO TO CAPACITT. THE TALK OF THE WHOLE CITT.
| -':•- Thlrci— WEEKr-Third
g Of the most successful EXTRAVAGANZA ever witnessed In San Francisco.
¦••«'••'--•••¦
THE MARCH OF THE SILVER .KNIGHTS.
8: THE GRACEFUL BALLETS. "MA CAROLINA TWINS.
D "NEVER MORE." "THE BOGEY MAX." ' *TM THE MAN."
P "I'll A GREAT BIG BLUFF." THE ANIMAL QUARTET.
Of "DON'T'TOU SAY, MY HONEY, "WE- MUST PART." "IN GAY BOHEMIA.
S "A LITTLE PIECE OF STRING." THE MAGNIFICENT TRANSFORMATION.
8 THE BEAUTIFUL LIVING PICTURES IN MIDAIR.
« PRICES— 2Sc 50c and 75e; Galleries. 10c and 13c. A Good Reserved Seat at Satur-
O v. day Matlne «. :sc '- ' Branch Ticket Ofnce-In Orchestra. Emporium.
22
SOCIETYSt. Patrick's Mutual Alliance.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance has elected
the following officers: President, Thomas
M. Scary; vice presidents. J. W. Shannon
and William Hlckey; treasurer. John H
McGlnney; corresponding secretary,
Thomas P. Alford; recording s«cretarv
P. H. Flynn; financial secretary M. j
Gorman; physician. William J. Haw kin*.
CS-inch BLACK HENRY CLAY WORSTED reduced from J1.50 to..7Cc
E2-inch BLUE CHEVIOT. In dark and light shades, reduced from $1 to
75c
BLACK CREPONS reduced from JI. SO to $1
SS-Inch HOMESPUN SUITINGS, In grays, browns and blacks reduced
from J2.50 to 91.75
Death of Zephaniah Birdsall
Zephanlah Blrdsall, for nearly half a
century in the employ of Wells. Fargo &
Co., In thi3 city, died at nis residence
SOS Pine street, last night, after a brief
Illness. Deceased was a familiar figure
to the commercial world of San Fran
cisco and to the frequenters of Golden
Gate Park.
As superintendent of the Wells-Fargo
stable he was known as an expert horse
buyer and a shrewd trader. Mr. Blrdsall
was a native of New York, and over 90
years of age. The funeral will take place
to-morrow from Memorial Hall I 6 O
F. building. " " "
Assignment of Officers.
Acting Chief of Police Robert J. Tohln
has transferred Lieutenant of Police M.
O. Anderson from the Southern Division,
to the Mission district, under the com
mand cf Captain James W. Gillln. This
transfer Is more than agreeable to a.l tha
parties concerned, as Lieutenant Ander
son Is a favorite with all the men and
with his supertors. His gentlemanly man
ners, together with his executive ability
during the short time he had charge of
the Potrero district, endeared him to his
associates aa well as the general public.
He carries with him from the Potrero
the good wishes of not only the thou
sands of working people about the south
ern section of the city, but also of tha
oficials belonging to the many manufac
turing industries of that busy section.
With him Captain Gillln will have a con
scientious and active copartner.
Other assignments to the Mission Divis
ion are: Sergeant Lionel E. Shaw. Pa
trolmen John A. Hayes. Timothy Cro
ntn. John C. Robl. W. C. Casey. A. W.
Archer and A. C. Williams, all new men
lately appointed to take the places of
those who were retired on pension.
Lieutenant Mconey takes Anier?or'3
place under the command of Captain Spil
lane.
NEW STORE. NEW GOODS.
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE!
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN
TAILOR- MADE SUITS, FURS. EILK SKIRTS. DRESS SKIRTS
JACKETS. FEATHER BOAS. LADIES' NECKTVEAR, CLOTH
CAPES. GOLF CAPES. KID GLOVES, LADIES* WRAPPERS AND
CORSETS.
HAY DEALERS AT THE
FESTIVE BANQUET BOARD
ANNTJAIi ELECTION AND CELE
BBATION OF ASSOCIATION.
W. A. Miller Is "Unanimously Chossn
President to Serv© for tha
Ensuing Year.
' ¦ ¦-..—_-- ¦•¦¦"¦
The members of the San Francisco Hay
Association had a glorious old time last
night. The occasion was the sixth annual
banquet of the organization following the
annual election of officers to serve for the
ensuing years. George P. Morrow and
W A. Miller had charge of the arrange
ments for the celebration and they did
their work so thoroughly that Sunday
morning found the Joyous hay dealers still
WWW W O A n Miner U wa3 elected president of tha
association, H. C. Somers vice president.
Th°y. with George P. Morrow Samuel
Sellers and Joseph Magner. constitute the
board of directors. After the feast had
b*en fully discussed toasts were the order.
Judge Dooling was the orator of the even
ing and made an address that brought
down the house on the subject of "Cali
fornia," Following is a list of those pres-
e °p' Baum. Samuel Sellers. A. T. Tonn.
Judge M. F. Dooling. R- P. Lathrop. H. C.
G. W. McNear. Joseph Magner,
P Tnlpacher. H. C. Ellis. H. C._ Bunker.
F Dalton. E. E. Mahlert. E. W. Fergu
son G. J. Wellington. J. Peters. H. Pause
man. James Smith. A. Peers. G. Graham.
J G Perata D. J. Ring, M. Johnson. J.
Fonnesbeck. 'P. Demlng. F. H. Laute
wasar H. B. Goecken. T. Jensen. H. Stel
llng B. Shulken. John Shulken. G. E.
Albers R. Husing. H. Lamberton. Ed
Esan. Ed Plath. J. F. McKenna. A. H.
Grant. E. W. Algeltlnger. H. Stokes. Fred
Schmidt. S. Levitt. B. Koons, A. Mozera.
A Podesta. G. Gilmeppi. H. P. Wlniger.
H* Truelson. W. H. Randall. H. Jones.
Arthur S. Nelson. H. Stindt, George
Vaughn E. F. Fell. Fred U Smith. Wil
liam Coyne, Ed Brannan. S. A. Sattler. H.
Waterman. L. Meyer. W. B. Utter. Sam
uel Hewlltt. A. Meyer. J. Carroll. D. D.
Bover W. D. Wellman. B. Davis, S. Wal
ters Sol Melninger. S. Magner. C. E.
Berrenger. H. G. Burke. G. (Slcke, M.
Mullaney. A. Glnochia, P. Ratto. Ed
Brehn. Antonl Pilegrenlo. L. Gandolfo. A.
Motronl. P- Stump. Felix Gross, A. Joost.
Gu3 Bray, G. P. Morrow, W. A. Miller, A.
W. Scott Jr.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON. Jan. S.— W. C. Ralston
of San Francisco, president of the Miners'
Association. Is at the Arlington. He Is
here for the purpose of having the min
eral lands bill. Introduced by Represen
tative de Viies, passed. He will banquet
the California delegation on Monday
right. C. H. Wilson of San Francisco Is
at the Arlington.
GUERRA ENDS HIS
LIFE IN PHILADELPHIA
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. s—a. man pup
pesed to be Benjamin J. Guerra. who was
treasurer cf the Cuban Junta in New
York, was found dead in tne Lafayette
JUDGE SMITH TO
TRY RICHARDSON
AND ROSENBERG
Oakland Magistrate in
Indignant Mood.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway, Jan. 6.
Upon second thought Police Judge Mor
timer Smith of Oakland haa decided that
his early breakfast at the New Postofflce
restaurant with those upon whom he
would afterward be required to pass In
Judgment Is no Joke.
In truth, his Honor Is In Irate mood, and
being moved mightily by his indignation
Is sending forth some verbal shoulder
sttikers. Woe to the "crap gamester"
who in future Is fated to stand before the
bar of Police Judge Smith's court. In the
language of the street, he will by his own
admission "do things to them." And yet
Joe Rosenberg will have to stand there
next Tuesday, and yet again Sig Richard
son on Thursday.
There will be no booths, no partitions,
no wine — not even a crust. The subject
of crap games will undoubtedly be dis
cussed In some form or other, but any
consolation to be offered Is so far an un
known quantity.
"I Intend to try the rest of these men
charged with breaking the law by being
connected with » banKing game," assev
erated the Judge, "and lr the evidence Is
of the same nature as In the case of Dea
con they will without doubt be convicted.
My opinion in this matter Is that the
police were warranted In making the ar
rests."
When asked If he believed that the fact
of Joe Rosenberg and Slg Richardson en
tering the doorway of the restaurant as
he and Attorney Pulelfer were taking
their seats in a booth did not tend to
show they had followed him there. Judge
Smith declined to answer. Nor would he
deny that he believed such a thing pos
sible; but later furnished his opinion in
the matter In a roundabout but unmistak
able manner.
"I will state thl3 for publication, he
declared. "If there was a 'steer'— to use
the language already accredited to me —
Mr. Pulclfer had no hand in it. Further
more, those who did have failed to gain
anything by It. either at the time or with
regard to my future course of procedure.
It is true that Rosenberg and Richardson
did not enter the restaurant until Harry
and I were taking our seats In a booth."
Chief of Police Hodgklns states it as
his opinion that the evidence against
Deacon not only proved conclusively that
"craps" were being thrown in the rear of
Rosenberg's saloon on the night of De
cember 17 last, but that the game was
conducted on banking principles. He says
that the same evidence Introduced in the
case of Deacon will hold good In the cases
of those yet to stand trial. Judge Smith
himself admits that a"crap" game In
which there are several players Is neces
sarily a banking game, and as such comes
within the province of the law.
In view of the commonly admitted Im
propriety of Jud?e Smith's taking supper
wltn the men who would afterward have
to be tried In his court, the cases of the
other arrested men are being watched
keenly by the general public, and the trial
of Rosenberg next Tuesday will undoubt
edly call forth a large attendance In court.
MISSION FEDERATED
CLUB'S NEW OFFICERS
At a meeting of the Mission Federated
Improvement Clubs held last night at
Sunnyslde Hall, the following oflcers
were elected for the ensuing six month:
A. 3. Lillie. president; Gustave Schnee.
vice president; Joseph P. Tuohey, aecre
tarj'r and W. A. Hicks, treasurer. The
former president. Gus Stader. declined the
nomination In consequence of having im
portant business to attend to. He receiv
ed a vote of thanks for the service ren
dered the federation during the past year.
Dr. E. W. Torello spoke of the deplor
able condition of the Mission road, so
called, which Is now a continuation of
Mission street. He said the thoroughfare
Is a disgrace to the municipality and he
urged on the new officers of the associa
tion the necessity of inviting the Mayor
and the new Board of Public Works to
visit the street and see what can be done
to make It at least passable for teams.
His remarks were Indorsed by the club
and the new officers promised to comply
with his suggestions.
Ex-President Stader stated that, on be
half of .the Mission Federated Clubs, a
heroic statue of George Washington
would be presented to Glen Park and that
the municipal officers would be invited
to be present on February 22. at which
time the statue would be unveiled. <
ser.ted the policy and principles cf an In
stitution In which he is simply an em
ploye, and for several minutes shocked
witnesses were forced to Il3ten to th»
vilest and most cbscece of abuse. Is wnj
not a pieasan; incident, particularly sir.c*
Corrigan Is striving to make of his gam
bling place a society resort, and byatan-1
ers who saw the Oxnards. the Crocker,
the Fairs, the Irwins. the Harvevs a.r.t\
the Hotart3 in tlte grand stand " shook
their head 3 dubiously and remarked tnnt
the Corrigan school of polite society mIS"S
become unpopular.
Milroy fortunately escaped without bcrf-
Ily Injury. The fact that he was unarmed
explains also, perhaps, why the Corrigan
hide is stlU Intact. The lncidem remain?-!
for the afternoon, however, the absorbing
topic of discussion. Corrigan was en his
mettle and blurted out beasts tha: ma*
interfere with his plans. He shouted that
he would remain In California racing as
long as he pleased. Ke urged his frlerd*
to hasten away and buy Inglesirte stick.
as he said that under the new BoarU of
Supervisors, and very shortly, he w!l»
have the track reopened for bu3i-es3.
Stock, he said. Is selling from 30 cest3 to
SO cents on the dollar, and Ccrrigan say-»
it aa a good bargain. Hi 3 toatJ are openly
boasting that the new board will, reoorjn
the track and that Charlea Wesley Reed
will father the measure.
Funeral of a Newspaper Man.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— The funeral of
John B. Ruppricht. the well-known Hay
wards newspaper man. was held this af
ternoon from the late residence of the de
ceased on Castro street. George W.
Lyons, pastor of the Haywards Presby
terian Church, officiated, and the pall
bearers were Joseph Schumach. E.
Schneider. James Farrell, Elmer Welch.
George Oakes and Oscar R. Morgan. The
Interment was In Lone Tree cemetery.
pr»»i(s»nt; Jcir. F. TJ=»=*r. teccTid Tir^ presf
dent: W. E. Rowlands, third vie* presMer.t:
James J. Jamison, rec-ordinc secr»tarr; B F.
Hiclon. nnaaeial secretary; c. llyron Wolf,
marshal: E. H. Fcljc-ta. trcrcee: J. H'inian.
inside sectiae!, ard A. F. Uofcsbers. outsids
sentinel.
District I>pcty Gra-3 Pr»s: : »-r:t RlrtanJ D.
Carton of S—juoia Parlor, wits th» a»!staric»
of J. J. GriS aa fraud secr-tary. ar.i B. Ores
o* Pomona Parlor as granil marshal, trista!!*!
the officers of Aicaii- Par'.cr. N. S. G. W. T>.»
offl«-«rs to serve for the current term are: U.
E. Derre. past prr^ldest; J. H. Desmond, rres
lier.t: J. L. ¦Wattsrie. first view presMeri?:
Ja^nea A. Devoto. s^conri rice pr»stJ«st: M. F.
Bowers, third v!c- pp^»td*nt: EL Lastreta. mar
shal: H. F. Morton, recorf.r^ Berr»tary: R. ir.
Hesslon. financial a^-r".a.rr: E. Jonss. trustee;
K. R. Davis an.l Edward He»b. ser.tin*;*.
After the Installation the entertalarr.ert con:
rs!tte<?. c^ns'.'tirjr cf L. J. Hirter. A. Rahwy.
\t. J. H. D^monr*. E. I>u»rr»to a=<J H. R.
Day's, entertained the ns"»rr:b*r^ acd inesrs
wi:h a choice jrojrrarnme of music *?.& sor.ea.
J. F\ Hsttjr, the retlrta* past president, wu
cr*ses*eii a haniiaotaa Jeweled bods«» of hij
rank In the eri^»r.
WTTTRTIAS, The Legrlslature of ITew York believing that "The
stronger the mothers, the Btrongir the race," enacted a law
a ie-csr years ago that "Merchants provide »y.ts for their lady clerks
ia all the stcr«s and shops wherever possible." Therefore be It
Resolved, That the Mothers' Union of Golden Gate kindly re
qnest the co-operation of the Oakland Club and other societies to
petition the Oakland merchants to provide seats for the lady clerks
in all the stores and shops where they have not provided them.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call. 906 Broadway. Jan. «.
f_, .jTTTS resolution, adopted at a meeting of the Mothers' Union of Golden
Gate, opens a very Important discussion that Is bound to have full
e-srir.gr in this State. It may even mean the beplntln? cf agitation for
11 legislation In California similar to that adopted In New Tork.
The Mothers' Union of Golden Gate is an organization of earae«t
worsen who hold meetings at homes and discuss matters of benefit to the
•ex. the family ar.d mothers In general. Their organization, which has been
very Quietly pursuing its work in the newly annexed district of Oakland,
has suddenly sprung into prominence over the ftand that they nave taken
tipcn this point.
The meeting at which this resolution waa adopted was held at the resi
dence cf Mrs. Phebe Mincher In Golden Gate, and the matter waa called up
by that lady. It provoked a general discussion, which had but one direction.
It •was in favcr of trying to secure conveniences for the female attendants In
<iry goods stores in the interest cf health and locg life. It wu decided to try
and start the reform fey women themselves, without appeal to the 9t#.t« Leg
islature, which may net rr^t for another year.
It was said ty several of the women of the union that If the women of
the State would refuse to patronize stores that did not provide Beats for their
employes a.l cf tne stores of the State would immediately act without
any legislation.
The resolution was then drawn up and adopted, and the clubs of Oakland
will be aske-i to co-operate In this reform that was begun at Golden Gate.
The following r£eers w<?re then elected: President, Mrs. W. lUonan:
vice president. Mrs. P. Cahiil; secretary. Mrs. S. W. Strlte; treasurer, Mrs.
S. C. Keetcn,
BROOKLYN
HANDICAP
ASPIRANTS
Pick of the Thoroughbreds
Entered in the Eas'.ern
Classic.
NEVT TORK. Jar.. €.— AH the h'.g stakes
tot which er.tr.es have clcscd have filled
•well this year. Fcr the Brooklj-n handi
cap. slxtT-four hcrses. the pick of the
thorcughbrecs In the North, East. South
and West, are entered. Of this nanber
fxxlly sixteen are of the highest class, arid
tbey are likely to carry at least 125 pounds
at over. Fcr the Grana National ste-epie
cnise handicap there are seventy-six
Lrrsts entered. The entries are:
Tie Erocklyn haniicap cf $10,000. for tbxv*
;ear-cli; ar.a upward. ITDO eacX half forfeit,
cr ccly Jl5 if declared ty February 5); ta the
wtxstet JS4"«. to the second JUCO ar.d to the third
t&Ofr; weifftt* to b« anacuacei tebruary 1; one
tn..e aii a quarter: liar.ast*r 5. Etaelbert 4.
Imi €. Jean iiereaud 4. Batten 4. Kinley Mac t.
V our «. Ciaccrr^c 3. AAmtntttaO 4. May Hes;
eteal 4. rt«if TiiE« 4. Klr?arrn 5, Kuta «. Ai
gYi «i, Bex «. I-l«bT Karl s. Kizg Eirtej-cora 4.
jixnuel *, L»oinano *, Arprovai 4. .Prince Mc
1 .-:«• 4. BIU »I»<K 4. i_lttA< EilEt 4. IMl tia>T« 5,
A-*-: ~'.n 4. I J rev.o--ji i. Muscadine i, Kr.a*
Ivnrxi* £ H:ch Order S. VVarrenton 5. T&e
>.--.-_ k.-1.-. 4. Jacic Pcint 4. Wti Net 4.
Kirrr Nutter 4. Boney Bey 4. Klritwood 4.
X.. ¦Sirsock 3. GjMea i. Montanic i. St. £.
naonUS i. Grerfieid 4. Mr. Pfc^rey a, Martie
tc-aii 4, L*t»on 5. Charectua «, IhincU 0. The
_•. saa t. <jcli<?n Link 4, silver I-uca* i.
Ljtnspii^fctei 2. Gray ,'ic^ue* 3. Knight of tii«
barter «, iiaKmocis 3. lJ< I*ac 3. Mayer OU
r.y ;. Lucky B:ni 3. Tcaiiy S. P^irscluo 3. Star
EincfeS i, H.*rt-ert S J, stratiicosi* 3. Sanna
i.n£ X. itaSaei.o t,
•jrcL-i Nat: -r.il Ste^rlectase. handicap, for
i.-T-j **r-'-.i* ar.l u;*arl; US) t*, .-.. ta*l Jir-
EdMCOBiySLSS it declared ty : (. n. 03 the <lay
jrecoiirx v* race, wiih JoC<i added, cf whicn
»;&:><» :» coctnbutKi ty gentlemen interested tn
fcteeplecha»lr;« »d J2sc<3 cy the Bro-kiyn Jockey
Clut. cf whicc JIiW"; to urcotd and Ji«j<j to third;
weljtu to b* a^nounoed 2ve days before the
race. F-.l c-i'-r**. about two miles ac-i a half—
Charrrace S. Spurs 4. Sir Hubert 4. Llndiey
Hurray i. In«o:nar 5. IXitch fcicat«r a. Brafcinla
4. I>r. EichNrrc 4, L^rse Lignt 4, Sesi-rr Es»
a, Nuto ;. Mar» Ofcan a. I-'ivei-sicn 5, Dave *.
J-izifcroGi 4. The Purser 4. Van t'hip 4. Dr. Cat
;«.t 6. Prosecutor a. Ir^ilry E. 5. Lackland 4.
Pfcllae i. Kinff Call 5. V.ace 5. PhtUidori 4.
Plavt 4. ThorneciirTe a. Decameron a, Camert
a. O/.r.i-3 a, Peri'xl 5. Parachute 4. Cousin J»a»
«. Cosrr. .;otitan 4. Golden Buckle 4. Dare All
;. Y'.lzr. dOr 4, Trillion a. Champion 4. Chal
ler^er *.. Rh^'nctrcni «. (jl-r.i.l j. Tantrti 5.
Tasior 4. Ge-jrse Keene 3, Mayo 4. P!ag--ar:»t 4.
lis.rry ODX i. Cock Robin s, Ctld i. Populist
a N: tolas a. Howard Mann a, tTTrrr.ler a. Kir.
pey (. West Own 5. Eafcy Bill a. Hlsft Tide 11.
a. Charlie O. 4. Dry4ea 5. Kinv»rra <i. Old Tank
t. Larva €. Tent Ore 5. Florida. P.qm 5. De»
jj^rado 4. Ahom 4. The Ea'-h'lcr a, Buela 6.
lT.eer.arr.Ara 4. Is'.i=rt<"r= 4. Mr. BtoCtci 5. Wild
Kcaxtter 11. a- The Mcnon ;. Tulane 4. Iran
la r. €.
The Suburban. CS.QM — Imp ( Chacrmac 3.
Jean B*r»aud 4. T.ush 4. De Larey 3. Previous
8. BalCaeUa 4. I>avld Oarrick 3, McLecd of
L'arp 4. Earjstar Z. Withers 3. Voter «. Pe
truchlo 2. Arrrcval 4. Gulden 3. Martln-.a» 4
Herbert X. Half Tim* 4, Elfin <i«n:j :. Track
l'er< 4. La.ts.^r. J, Mill stream Z. C*hart!e«s 4.
Ktrkwood 4. His LonUblp 4, Prince MrtJiurr.
Th* Kenturkian. i?trathi-ona. Hirr' Nutter
Greyfeld 4. =ii-*r Lu-a* 3. LJeber Karl 5. De
note 6. Siai^nlan S. Ethelbert 4. Batten 4.
ACalXMXian 4. Mcr.tar.ic 3. Algol «. May Hemp
rtead 4. P.ichard J ;, Kir.!»y Mac 4. Htirh Order
*. Mu»kadtr.» Z, Mar^r Gllroy 3. ToWy 3. Au
tcain 4. Kilrr.am'jck 3. Star BrtcM 5. Mr.
Fhtr.n»y 4. IjathMXta 4. Charentus €. Sky Scraper
(, Kirjr Barleys rr. «. Decant»r 3. Krts.« Krtr,g>
f Punlvor 4. ?araatijr, X. Intrusive 4 B<-x i,
Warrentcs S. Cold^ Lir.k 4. The Roman «.
FIRE THAT HAS
BEWILDERED THE
POLICE OFFICERS
Ingalls' Residence To
tally Destroyed.
OAKXiAND.' Jan. 6.— The residence of
Henry A. Ingalls at the corner of Sixty
first and Ruby ¦treets was totally de
stroyed by fire last night, and the poltce
and fire departments are now endeavoring
to learn whether or not the blaze was of
incendiary origin. Nobody knows how It
started and a streetcar motorman whose
name cannot be ascertained declared that
he saw two men- running away from the
house and It burst into fi&mea. No person
was in the structure at the time the fire
occurred excepting a student by the name
of Atchison. who roomed there. He waa
asleep at the. time and barely escaped
with his life,
Mr. Ingalla and his family were visiting
the parents of hla wife at the time and
were just returning home when they saw
that the house waa burning. The Fire
Department was telephoned to. but owing
to some misunderstanding as to whether
or not the place was within the city limits
no response was made. Chief Ball was tn
bed at the time and is now trying to as
certain where the negligence lies. The
property was valued at $2500 and waa in
sured for JISOO.
WILL REFORM
THE CRIMINALS
OF CALIFORNIA
Home Created for
Ex-Convicts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway, Jars. 6.
An effort Is to be made In Oakland for
the systematic redemption of the ex-con
victs of California. Ever since the State
was admitted to the Union the prisoners
discharged from the penal institutes have
been left to battle for life with nothing
but a paltry Jo, a suit of cheap clothing
and a stigma upon their names. All this
Is now to be changed, and they are to be
given a fair chance to rehabilitate them
selves among men. if they desire to reform
and traverse the straight and narrow
path.
The man who will endeavor to create
the wholesale metamorphosis In habitual
evil-doers is Chaplain J. Moore, an expert
crtminolcglst from the East. He has
spent the past ten years in efforts" to
reform the lawbreakers of Canada and
Massachusetts, and now declares his In
tention to devote the balance of his life
to working reformations among the bad
element of the Pacific Coast. So favor
able have been the recommendations fur
nished by him that he had no difficulty in
enlisting aid In behalf of his project. Al
though he has been in Oakland but a
week, he has already secured the neces
sary financial support to place the scheme
on a working basis, and to-morrow he will
make his nrst visit to San Quentin in
quest of recruits for the ranks of honesty.
Chaplain Mocre has secured the spactoua
residence at 1229 Union street and will
use that as a refuge for the men who
want to eschew their evil ways. They will
be placed in immediate contact with all
the refinements of life and every induce
ment will be held out for them to reform.
Every man will be provided with work of
a temporary nature at which he can earn
some money and kept there until perma
nent and better employment can be se
cured for him.
"We are now negotiating for the lease
of a farm In Frultvale." said Chaplain
Moore, "and I think that the deal will be
closed next week. The place at 1229 Union
street will then be used as a receiving
station and ex-prisoners will be kept here
until we can place them in outside posi
tions or else send them to the farm until
they are located elsewhere. They will be
given all the comforts of a home and will
be made to appreciate In every way the
advantages of decent and honest living.
All criminals are not beyond redemption
and many of them when given a chance
will gladly forsake their bad ways and
become reputable citizens. They need
moral and nnancial aid. however, and we
propose to give It to them."
The scheme is backed by Rev. Dr. Coyle.
Rev. Dr. Brown and a number of other
ecclesiastics. It Is the Intention to enlist
support from all quarters and no religion
of any particular denomination will be
recognized in the management of the or
ganization.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
Vinegar left over from pickles may b«
used for flavoring 1 stews and hashes.
Flanagan Reappointed.
John Flanagan was reappolnted yester
day to succeed himself as messenger at
the Morgue under Dr. Cole. Flanagan's
Blake Pleaded Guilty.
Preston A. Blake, the railway mail clerk.
Informed against for opening letters ad
dressed to another, pleaded guilty in the
United States District Court yesterday,
and was ordered to appear for sentence
next Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street,
Bet Taylor and Mason.
Ignatian Council's Ball.
All arrangements have been completed
for the grand ball to be glven > by Igna
tlan Council No. 30, T. M. 1., 'at Native
Sons' Hall on next Friday evening. The
committees In charge of the various de
tails of the affair have spared neither
trouble nor expense In their endeavors to
make It surpass all previous efforts of
No. 23. Special music has been arranged
for the occasion and the decorations will
be most novel. It is safe to say that all
who enjoy the hospitality of Ignatlan
Council on that evening will have a rare
treat.
SPECIAL.
A large assortment of JABOTS ia different styles, worth J1.50; now on
£i-e at 50c
LADIES' PLAID "WOOL WAISTS fn different styles, worth JLTS: gale
price _ 91.25
LADIES' FEATHER BOAS, In white, black and ffray, from ..V".
92.00 to 935
I "DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT." I
t W«T3 ITS WHB2T . /\ LAMS BACK C 7320. %
? w sold. \ /c\Y//\}J7X\r* w '** '-•»*« ?
I or. t££*&*7 > ' '^^^S^J^^^k^ r -'*.J. '--.;• v/"^ I
? lnrortn yon that lam fcW^7\.\ 'i \r& 7 \ \7 7 MX^S I-I-*"-- I r , t^ *
? one of th* lucky nam- gJL"/ \\.l x /.I \ N/ / M>^fl Sf^iSKt i— A .^ ?
* troubUa th*t had bothered me for -.1 -**t Vr»— CHi.IACO -£»:tADA. ?
f y^ri TOUR BELT 13 WORTH US OpWr. Cal. ?
? WEIGHT KJ GOLD. Rca^eetrully. * STX^ E7"Tliotisa=a» cf (rsr»s like th« ?
ED. T. >"QS. « fc" frTfgo\zig h»ve t><*»:i mads by Dr. ?
? Ria Vlrta. CaL Pierce* wor:<!-r«oirn«ii Eectrlo &
? Belt. It Is warranted ta be ti» ?
? moat edentlflc «ad durable b-xlr battery eTer* patented or tcli la A=i*rtca. Prices such *>
? lower than other* of far Inferior cua::t7 «r- JO : j at. If 70a wast the BEST, you mast *
t hare "DR. PIEP.CITS."
? '¦»¦.» ¦ . for full particulars send ais staap for "•BOOKLET NO. for can at th* v.'ic«. 4
i Ai-lr-M I
? PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
T No. «» Market St. (ooDostt* P*iac« Hotel) Saa Tnsdaeo. Ea«tsrn Of2ae: W* O T
*. Tribune Bctldlsx. New Tork.
Benefit for Madame Fabbrl.
Madame Fabbri-Mueller, the prominent
artiste and teacher, will soon be given a
substantial benefit by her many' friends.
A short time ago Madame Fabbrl. in re
sponse to earnest solicitation, undertook
to give a German theatrical season. At
great expense and labor the project was
got under way when the dl*astrmi«
Bush-street Theater fire ruined Mada°m2
FabbiTs well laid plans, and she found
herself unable to meet the obligations In
curred in her efforts to stage the season's
plays. Many of the most prominent citi
zens of. the city have signified their will
ingness to assist In giving the benefit
and without doubt it win be a success
both socially and financially.
De Pachmann's final concert was some
thing of a vindication and served to atone
for the deficiencies of his penultimate ef
fort. It waa an exposition of De Pach
mann at his best— the expression of a
happy mood and his playing was delight
ful from the beginning of the programme
until Its end. Yet De Pachmann has not
spell; he does not appeal to one though
many channels of esthetic appreciation.
His temperament Is so Intimate of certain
lighter compositions that he dowers them
with a charm that ia Irresistible; the deft
ness of his touch, his display of fancy
are winning Qualities, but judging htm
etrlctly he Is unorthodox and irreverentlal
beyond bounds. He Is too much the
emendator and too little the purist, for
which sins— and sins they are In spite of
lreffectualness must exclude him from
the front rank in the perspective of plan-
Ism.
The most notable Item in the Chopin
programme yesterday afternoon were the
Scherzo Op. 31. Etude No. 11, Op. 10. and
the B flat Major Mazurka. Op. 7, which
latter he played In a manner quite differ
ent from his first rendering of the compo
sition at a former recital. The etude was
given with not merely a high order of
skill but his reading was marked by a
superior singing tone and glissande. The
echerzo was rich In color and description
and the waltz which he gave for an en
core was eminently tasteful.
PORTER GARNETT.
Highbinders Sentenced.
Three of the four Chinese highbinders
arrested for carrying a concealed weapon
had their cases disposed of yesterday
Sew Ho Joe, who had a murderous look-
Ing knife in his possession, waa. fined JIOO
by Judge Graham, with the alternative of
100 days in Jail. Ah Foon. who had a big
Coifs revolver, was fined $50 or fifty days
by Judge Treadwell, and Hong Fook. who
also had a revolver, was convicted by
Judge Mogan and ordered to appear for
sentence to-morrow^
SENATORS REFUSE
TO DINE WITH QUAY
Covers Set for Forty-Four, but 02J7
Fifteen Accept the Pennsylva
niac's Invitation.
Sp-cial Otypatch t-> The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. «.— Ex-Senator
Quay gave a dinner to-n!grht to a num
ber of h!-=» fonr.er colleagues. Covers
were «et for forty-four, but only fifteen.
aeceptM the invitation. Tha slim at
tendance at Mr. Quay's dinner is said to
have been due to a belief amonsr Senators
generally that a banquet by him at t.113
time tr> Senators exclusively, ni.en a ma
jority of the Commit t^ on Elections liati
reported against seating him. and a ma
jority cf the entire body wa3 reported t >
be opposed to him b«ir.g given, a sea;, waa
something unheard of before in the cl3
tory of the Sesate. Tee intimation la
that Mr. Quay gave the dinner ta em
phasize the fact that he is a grea: per
sonal friend of many Senators, whether
they vote for htm or not.
The failure cf so many Invited guests
to be present Is regarded as a rebuke to
Mr. Quay' 3 methods of campaigning, al
though It does not follow tha: a!l of thosa
who stayed away will vote a^-ains: him.
Senator Quay said to Senator Sewell to
night that he would have forty-nine votes
out of eighty-six, mere than enough ti
give him his seat.
OVER SEVENTY
AND JEALOUS
OF HIS WIFE
Says She Wants to G«J a
Younger Man in His
Stead.
OAKLAND. Jan. 6. — Seventy - seven
year-old James Shields of San Leandro
declared that his aged wife has become
estranged from him, and says that her
affections have been alienated by a
younger and a handsomer man. This
Idea Is declared to be a delusion, and as
a result the jealous old fellow ha 3 be»n
charged with Insanity. He is now locked
up in the Insane ward of the Receiving
Hospital and his mental condition will
be legally determined next week.
The aged and wmte-halred victim of
the green-eyed monster was arrested at
the Instance of his wife thla morning, on
a charge of threatening her life. The
prisoner talked so Incoherently at the ex
amination that Justice Quinn considered
him demented and ordered him taken to
the hospital. He declares that hl3 mind
Is not unbalanced, and says that his wife
wants to get rid of him.
"I have frequently been locked out by
my wife," said Shields, "and waa com
pelled to sleep in the basement. I am
old and feeble and I think she wants to
get rid of me and get a "younger hus
band."
The couple have been married for near
ly a quarter of a century. They have
been on bad terms with each other for
some time.
official career in the past has always been
above reproach, and his deeds highly
recommend him aa a successor to him
self. When the name of another was given
on Friday to Dr. Cole for his sanction,
the Coroner-elect refused to accept It. and
deferred the appointment until yesterday,
when he finally succeeded ia making
Flanagan his messenger.
THREATENED
TO KILL HER
NEIGHBORS
An Aged Haywards Woman
Wanted to Annihilate
Everybody.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— Lucy C. Seguerla
was placed In the Insane ward at the Re
ceiving Hospital to-day to prevent her
from annihilating a number of neighbors.
The woman is a maniac with homicidal
tendencies, and when placed under ar
rest w-as vehemently declaiming that she
would kill everybody living within a ra
dius cf a half mile of her farm, which
lies on the outskirts of Haywards. The
woman became violently crazy this morn
ing and all efforts to calm her were fu
tile. People living In the vicinity finally
became fearful lest ahe kill them, and
called upon the officers to restrain her.
She fought viciously when taken into
custody and screamed protests at the top
of her voice against being placed under
restraint. She la 55 years of age and lived
alone upon the farm which she occupied.
Little is known of her history, and be
yond being somewhat eccentric she has
always conducted herself properly here
tofore. No reason Is assigned for her
sudden outbreak. The Insanity Commis
sion will Investigate her mental condition
next Monday.
AN ESTIMATE OF
DE PACHMANN
Russia has 650.000 Princes and other
hereditary nobles.
Two Minds Lost in the Sere and Yellow Leaf.
New Secretary.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— Thomas Carpenter,
secretary of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals, resigned his
position at the quarterly meeting and
Gano G. Kennedy was elected In his
place as recognition of his services as
special offlcer of the society.
CORRIGAN RONS AHDCK
AT TANFORAN PARK
Continued from Page Twenty-One.
Hotel to-day. He had committed iulcide
by taking laudanum.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The widow of Ben
jamin Guerra lives In New York, with
a family of **ven daughters and sons.
Guerra was a c'.g-ar dealer here. He was
also Interested In a Cuban tobacco plan
tation. He had lived In this city for
many years.
Mrs. Guerra. when asked !f he had any
business trouble that she knew of. eaid
that his business was In a prosperous
condition and that she knew of no reascn
why he should have wished to end h5s
life. The widow last saw her huaband
Monday morning-, when he left his home
to go to his ofUce. He left his ofnce at
noon. Nothing was heard from him until
to-<iay, when he was found In Philadel
phia.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Indian School Promised for Southern
California and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Epecia! IV.sratch ta The Ca.ll.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 6.— Representative
Needhara to-day appeared before the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the House
ar.d urged that an item appropriating
$100,000 be placed in the Indian, appropria
tion bill soon to be reported to Congress
to establish a new Indian school In South
ern California. After argument the com
mittee agreed to place a clause appro
priating $75,000. Needham hopes yet to get
$100,000 and has an engagement to again
present the matter to the committee on
Monday morning. The Indian Department
will undoubtedly locate the school at Riv
erside, as the Commissioner is known to
be In favor of this place a* a site for the
came. In view of tne fact that this Con
gress Is only expected to make the usual
appropriation Mr. N'eedham ia being
heartily congratulated on his success In
getting the committee to favorably report
this appropriation.
The condition of the national banks of
California, exclusive of San Francisco, at
the close of business on December 2, aa
reported to the Comptroller of the Cur
rency, shows the average reserve to have
been 3S.G per cent, against 32.62 per cent
on September 7. Leans and discounts In
creased from $11,940,235 to $12,339,154; stock
and securities from $1,635,854 to J1.735.T22:
gold coin from $1.56t.355 to n,4*>.332; total
specie from $2.151.533 to $2.<75.500: lawful
money reserve from $2.232.530 to $2,565,301;
individual deposits from $15,023,52* to $13,-
C 20.523.
The salary of Andrew S. Toung. a let
ter carrier in the postoQce at San Fran
cisco, is increased from $$>) to $10X>.
Mrs. Bertha Miller of San Francisco has
been reinstated as seamstress at the Fort
Bldwell Indian school.
A postofflce was to-day established at
Sawtelle. Los Angeles County, and
Charles O. Tucker appointed postmaster.
Pen?ions: California — Original — August
Welty. Oxnard. V>: George W. Hinds, San
Francisco. JS. Original, widows, etc. —
Olive E. Baird. Woodland. $3.
Or*gon— Original, widows, special ac
crued December 25— Minor of Peter Leiser.
Portland. $10; Cincinnati Lavery, Silver
tor.. $S.
Wa^hJnrton— Original— James W. Rice.
Soldiers' Home, Orting. Fierce County,
$12-
Will End the Strike.
ST. ETIENNE. France. Jan. 6.— The ar
bitration committee to which was referred
the miners' strike In this district has
agreed upon a compromise between the
mine-owners and the workmen, which It
is hoped will terminate the strike.
HARDWORKING THUGS.
Staj Out Till Morning to Capture
Small Sums.
OAKLAKD, Jan. 6.— The hold-up busi
ness In Oakland ia apparently getting dull.
Highwaymen are now working overtime
and no opportunity is missed, even though
the thugs are compelled to remain out un
til daybreak. H. A. McKinney, an em
ploye of the Haywarda electric road, was
held up as he was going home from work
at 6:la o'clock this morning and robbed
of 14 50. The job was done by two foot
pads and occurred at the corner of East
Twelfth street and Twenty-second avenue.
Both men were masked and their victim
could give no accurate description of
them. The police think ther are members
of the gang which has been operating
here for the past three months.
PRETTY WEDDING TO TAKE
PLACE AT ST. JOHN'S
OAKLAND. Jan. S.— St. John's Episcopal Clrarch will be tha scene cf a
pretty wedding on Wednesday evening next, when Hiss Louisa Beaa
vals, eldest daughter of Mrs. Lavinia Beauvrs. becomes the bride cf
"William Elliott illlwain. The Rer. 51. X. Ray will officiate. iH«s
Beauvais will be attended by her sister. Miss Kate, as maid of hor.or.
and by four bridesmaids. Mis 3 Gertrude Vincent. Miss Salde Wlllard. M:aa
Daisy Robins and Miss Clara Conway. Pliny Bartlett wt:i be the groom's best
man. and the ushers chosen are Philip Carletcn. George Winchester. Frank
Allen and Horace Watson. An Informal reception will be held at the bride's
home, 678 Seventeenth street. Immediately following the church service.
The bride-elect Is very popular and has a wide circle of friends, who are
taking much interest In the oncoming wedding. Th» groom Is the son of Mr.
and Mrs. Alexander Mllwain of Franklin and Seventeenth streets. He Is In
the San Francisco office cf the Southern Pacific Company. Mr. Mllwain haa
prepared a home in this city for his bride.
A very delightful birthday part~ was given Harvey B. Lycn la3t evening
at his home, SO4 Twelfth street. The rooms were prettily decorated In a Christ
mas arrangement of greens and red nerrtes. and refreshments w»re ssrve.l the
young guests assembled. Arnor.s those present wer« the Misses Florence Bush.
Lulu Bowen. Llllle Parker. Jennie Anderson. Mabel and Hazel Roberts. Lome
Wilson, Mary Morrison. Minnie Moore. Clara Wilson. Bertha Boutericus. A!lc9
Corrigan. Mabel Collins. Lottie 3e*ch. Florence Dcu^las ar.d May Cortell, and
Clarence Caldwell. Ray Morris. Joe Morris, Claude Adams. Reed Bush. Roy
Baker. Harold Baker. Eddie Re:jh. Will Channel. R-rss McDonald. Albert Rala
ton. Walter Kennedy. Glen Johnson. A. S. Todd. Eert Gilford and Horace
Dunn.
Ralph Fllcher. Stanford "S9. was the eraest. of Oakland friends yesterday
at luncheon. Mr. Fllcher left this morning for Maxwell, where he U principal
cf the local school.
INSTALLATIONS ARE
STILL ALL THE RAGE
HOBE ME&TBEBS OF SOCIETIES
WHO FILL OFFICES.
Public Introduction of Official Sta
tions Followed by Programmes
of Entertainment.
The work of installing officers In secret
societies la this city Is still in progress.
Ophlr I»i*e. I. O. O. F.. ha» had Its of3cers
Installed for the carr»nt term by District
Deputy Thomas K. Kase arj-1 the event was
followed by a collation an<i tha presentation
of a beautiful locket to J. N. Morrison, the
past noble irrand. Th« new officers are: J. N.
Morrison, junior pa.«t gTan.J; Geor?« \V. Col
lier, noble irrand; W. O. Ford, vice grand:
Thomas Steven.«cn. recording and permanent
secretary; F. W. Thompson, treasurer: J.
Charles Howlett. right npporter to noble
grand: J. B. Russell, left supporter to noble
grand: J. F. McConnell. warden: J. R. Daley,
conductor: A. LUlevstrad. rlarh: rupporter to
vice grand; J. N. Morrison, left supporter to
vice grand; T. Stevenson. organl3t.
At Its last held meeting the oCcen cf Apollo
Lodge, I. O. O. F-. were Installed by District
Deputy Grand Master T. P. Woodward and
th«^e are: D. A. Hodxhead. J. P. G. ; VT. A.
Llrnboagh. N. G. : H. H. Zobet. V. G. : Victor
C. Pwt. F. S. ; W. F. Norero**. R. S. : F. V
Cox. T. ; J. J. Applegate. R. S. X. O. ; G. M
Dorrey. L. 8. N. G. : C. E. Perry. W.; T. \
Perkins. C. : L. H. Gran. R. S. V. G. ; W. H.
Gibson. L. S. V. G. ; J. TV. Perry, chaplain-
J. H. Jones, I. G. : C. A. Hacstrom. O. G.;
W. H. Patrick, organist.
The following officers cf San Francisco Led**.
I. O. O. F-. were Installed by S. R. Jacobs. D
D. G. M.. assisted by F. W. 'Warren, as grand
marshal, and the wcrlc was p*rf.7rca*d lrx a most
Imprefsive manner: J. J. Regan. J. P. G ; S
Saywell. X. G.; S. B. Hufman. V. G. : J. VT
E. Allen. R. S. : F. W. Warren. F. S. : Edward
Edwards. T. : Alexander Jacobl. R. S. JT. O -
John Feyhl. L. S. N. G. ; F. Lefaix. W. : S. R.
Jacobs. C. ; C. Planner. R. S. V. G. ; E. J
Heenan. L. S. V. G. ; Georga Wright. C. : F. A.
Jennings, chaplain. After the ceremony to*
membra visited a cafe, where the Induction of
the new officers was mads the rubject of a.
social hour at a banquet.
Golden Gate Council of the Chosen Friends
had Its officers Installed by Deputy Grand
Councilor Fred Taylor, assisted by Grand Re
corder S. C. Wallls. a* grand marshal. The
Installation was in the Social Hall cf Shlels
building, was public and was witnessed by a
large number of people. The cfScers for the
terms are: Mrs. A. Boehm. past councilor; F.
H. Jackson, councilor; Miss B. Shea, vice
councilor; E. Stack. Instructor; Max Boehm
(past grand councilor), recording and financial
secretary; Mr». C. Cator. treasurer; Mrs. J. F.
Houghton. prelate; Mrs. M. Cantretl. marshal-
Mrs. B. Shea, warden: H. Horfccsrsn. guard:
Mrs. M. Downing, sentry. The Installation
wu followed by the presentation to Secre
tary Boehm of a diamond set locket by Deputy
Taylor on behalf of the council In recognition
of his rervlcea In the position he has filled for
a cumber of years. There were present many
of the grand officers and there were abort ad
dresses by Past Supreme Councilor Arnold.
Supreme Trustee Gibson and others and an in
teresting musical programme and dancing.
Mrs. Beers, tha organist of the council, favored
wtth ballads and Professor F. L. Miller, the
"one-man orchestra," gave musical eslectlons.
The newly elected officers cf Lincoln
Corps No. 3. Woman's Relief Corps.
G. A. R-. have been installed by Past National
President Mrs. E. D. Kinne. Th» officers for
the current term are: Dot S. Mortimer, presi
dent; Josephine Robinson, senior vice; Mary
Mulcahv. Junior vice; Carrie Robinson, chap
lain: Jettie K»:th-Vaughn. secretary: Mary
Furgeson. treasurer; Mary Parollni. conduc
tor: Jennie F. Koughton. guard: Emma Leeds,
assistant conductor; Annie Chambers, assist
ant guard: Mary Irene Foster, Emily E. Fuller.
Rotsl Perry and Emma Balz. color-bearers.
The public Installation of the officers of Loyal
Circle of the Companions of the Forest. A. O.
F.. was attended by a great tnanv persons. In
cluding Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Mary E. Falconer and others. Supreme Grand
Officer Mrs. Mary Large. D. G. C. C. was the
Installing officer. Thi ceremony over, there
was an entertaining programme, which includ
ed musical selections by Grater's Mandolin.
Banjo and Guitar Club; vocal selections and
recitations by little Tryphlna Prttehard: fancy
dance by Juliet Turpm: ballads by M. Gll
christ. and other numbers, after which there
was dancing till midnight. The new officers '
are: Maggie Morrison, past chief companion;
Annie Crc«l. chief companion: Annie Page,
rub chief Emily Zelsslng. financial secretary;
Annie Senne. recording secretary: Mary Bailey,
treasurer: Mary Large, right guide: Flora Bell
Burton, left guide: Mary Virginia Van Horn,
inside euard; May WilXin*. outside guard;
Frances Roderick, organist.
The supreme officers have Installed the fol
lowing named as th# officers for Mizpah Lodge.
Frtends of the Forest, for the current term:
Mrs. Alice Burt. past president: Mrs. LHMe :
Jolly, president: Mrs. X. Grant, vice president:
Mrs. Lchtman. chaplain: Mrs. J. Miller, finan
cial secretary: H. Schmael. treasurer; Mrs. L.
S. Bacon, recording secretary: Mrs. Mary
Hunter, marshal: Miss Anneta Ling, warden:
M. McCay. guard: Mrs. D. Daggett. sentinel;
Miss Pearl Brysoc. organist: Dr. Albert Born,
physician. After the installation ther* was a
short programme, which was enjoyed by all
who were present by Invitation In addition to
th* membership. The members and guests par
took of a very nice collation prepared by the
lady members of the lodge, after which danc
ing was ksyt v? until midnight.
The following named have been Installed as
the officers of the Austrian Benevolent Society
for the current year: J. L. Radovlch. presi
dent: L. C. Mlllogiav. vice president: Frank
Rout, treasurer; August MlXullch. recording
secretary: A. Fmncovich; financial secretary;
J. Veldch. sergeant; M. Scanatich. conductor:
J. W. Staneart, Antone Sorich. M. Tumosich.
P. Thormellon. C. Schusaler, P. GlaTan. J.
Petrovtch and A. Kultcich. trustees.
John W. Lewis of Stanford Parlor. D. D.
G. P.. Installed the ofncers of California Par
lor No. 1. N. 3- G. W.. b»ir.g assisted la the
work by Judge Frank 11. Kerrlsran. who acted
as grand secretary, and E. Gauthier, who act
ed as grand marshal. The officers for the term
are: Romber* Jensen, past president; Louis L.
Lacaxe. president: W. D. Hobro Jr.. first vice
THE SAX TRAXCISCO CAIiL, STTXDAT, JAUSTTARY 7, 1900.
Golden Gate Mothers Demand
Seats for the Lady Clerks
23BAIT FRANCISCO CALL.
-rFINTTSS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Tall, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
urtfl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCn OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:3O p. ra.
t** Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C 9 McAllister ftreot; cpen until 9:80 p. m.
fIS Larkin Ftreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
194] Miufion etreet; op«n until 10 p. m.
Ti*l Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cntil J p. m.
1106 Eleventh etreet: cpen cntU • p. m.
ICSC Valencia Ftreet; oprn until J p. m.
123 Polk Ftreet; open until 9 p. in.
Northwest corner of Twr-rty-secocd and Ken-
tucky streets; open until S p. m.
CIII RCH SERVICES.
fl . •'. 1 At The Strakgess' Sasbath Home
I (64;) Howard St. Methodist-Episcopal
H Chuich Bet. »d &3d Sts. Seats Free.
U R«v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Psstor
KM' i i&J Resb >' th * Churctl - Tel. Black Q 6 '-
UA4 • TVli A 11 1 111 1 -Jrteous cTeetine > Aw*tt yo»
L±U(fe,' H UUrdia I welcome J
>4et! Wl£Z) v a - rn -~ " In ili- Name;" offer-
!>i *2rl ¦ s\ tor >'- soprano solo by Miss Mattle
JfuSfc?P»'-*1 k- Whitißgton. 12:3>— S. a Stranc-
3 jfl'_«BM» 1 ers' Bible clans. 6:So— Young peo-
ple's rally. 7:3o— "The Genius of the Century;"
anthem offertory polo. "Calvary" (Rodney),
by the celebrated barytone pupil of Francis
Steward. Mr. Wlllard Young, a new singer in
San Francisco; Miss Flora Bolllnger, the
sacred scng soloist, ¦will also sing. After-
meeting. Revival service every eight this
week.
CALVARY Presbyterls— Church, corner Powell
_nd G«sary fts.. P-ev. John Hemphlll. D.D.,
pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ;
to; ie evening, "In the Evangelistic Service,"
with a t-hort address on a yuestloa for the
new j^ar. . Music morn'.ne — "To Deum," E
flat. (WUlUua R. Chapman); offertory. "I
Wiil Magnify Thee," arranged by Klein;
fo!:»s and (juartet. Music evening — Anthem,
P Praise the Lord" (A. J. Holden); offertory.
He Gtvettl His Keloved Sleep," quartet (un-
accornjvariiefi) from Mendelssohn. All are cor-
diailv Invited.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. OaJt and Bak-
er etrrets. Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor. At
US'! a. m., "Christ the Head, the Church,
the Body." Sunday «=chool at 12:15. Chris-
tian Cr.deavor meeting at 6:45 p. m. Even-
ing pervic-e at 7:45. "A New Year's Prayer."
i^ei vires vYednesday and Friday evenings. A
cordial welcome to all.
GRACE M. n. Church, cor Capp and Twenty-
( first sts.. J. N. Beard. D. D., pastor — Com-
munion at 11 a. tt..; Sunday-school at 12:45
p. m.; F;jworth League at C:l5 p. m., led by
Miss May Beard; preaching at 7:SO p. m.. by
the raptor. The union revival meetings will
be continued every evening. All are cordially
iiivited; seats free.
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and
Mason sts.— Ser. George C Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening. 11
a. m. thtnie, "Gratitude." followed by re-
ception of members ar.d communion eerrice.
7:30 r- m- theme. "The First Commercial
Travelers." All are cordially Invited.
CHURCH of the Advent. Eleventh Et.. near
I Market — liclj- communion, 7a. m. and Ba.
m., solemn high celebration. 11 a. in.; solemn
f yen gong, i p. m. ; preacher both morning
and evening. Archdeacon Webber, raissloner.
A tan uays' mission is in progress.
WEST Side Christian Church. Bush street, near
Devfcacerc — Preaching morning and evening
by the pastor. Rev. Walter M. White, late o£
Kentucky. Subject. 11 a. ra., "The World's
Light." 7:30 p. ra., "The mind of Christ —
Whit?" Sunday Bchool, 10 a. m. ; Y. P. S. C.
X., C:3G p. m. The public are cordially invited
to all fc«;rvice_
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block 523 Sutter tt.. bet. Kearney and Grar.t
aye. — Christian Science Bible lesson at 11
a. m., subject, "Life." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at k o'clock. All are welcome.
CHURCH ol Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
— Services, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m., Sunday,
Jan. 7, at Pythian Hall. 903 Market et. ;
President _. H. Nye will address the evening
congregation on Mormonis— .; til welcome; no
collections.
THE First Divine Sclenoe Church. M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor— Discourse at 11 a. tn. ; subject.
"As I F^e It." Services every Sunday in Yo-
seniite Halt. Native Sons' building. Mason
rt.. between Geary and Post; take elevator.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
IBt6. — Mast-meeting fcr men only this after-
noon at 3 o'clock: address by Archdeacon
Webber of the Episcopal church en "The
Flsglike Man." Seats free, and all young
men are welcome.
RELIGIOUS fccrviees will be held at 10€9 Mar-
fket Bt.. opposite Jones, by Elders C. M. Gart-
ner and J. O. Corliss oommencine this even-
MEETING NOTICES.
ET. PATRICK'S Day Convention will&_j*ft>
meet at K. R. B. Hall, 1133 Mission \y\\Jf
Bt.. between Seventh and Eighth, Js\V/'
SUNDAY. January 14. 1900. at 2:30 p.KWi?
m. All Irish, Irish-American, nation- »^_»
al military, benevolent, social and literary ]
societies are requested to send five delegates I
each. Officers of former conventions, grand )
marshals, orators and poets are entitled to
seats In the convention.
J. J. BARRATT, Chairman.
J. 6. BANNERMAN. Secretary.
NOTICE of meetlug— The ar.nual meeting of ]
¦ the Association of the Hospital for Children i
and Training School for Nurse? will be held !
at the hospital, 3700 California st.. THURS- !
DAY. January- H, at 1 o'clock p. m.
MRS. L. L. DUNBAR. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet- j
Ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their offlce. I
tn Market st.. San Francisco, California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 1900.
at the hour of S p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to eerve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
lrg. CHARLES A. HUG. See.
Office, 827 Market st., 6an Francisco. Cali-
fornia.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of
The Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cal.. will be held at its banking house, 301
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 9, 1900, at 3:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Ban Francisco, December 9. lE?>.
ANNUAL meeting— The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vallfy Consolidated Railroad Co. will be held
at the office of the Company. 327 Market st..
San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 15th
day of January. 19W. at the hour of 11:15
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electlne a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
re«s a? may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on FRIDAY. January 12.
1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW en diamonds: secrecy; private en-
trance: private rmw. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
ICTCTTOLS. astrologer; lessons and readings; 73
Third street, room 2.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. ICTNG, room 15, first floor.
Chronicle buildinc; no advance charges: all
cases; estates, mortpnges, damages, collec-
tions; bankruptcy: wills, etc., drawn; moder-
ate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE atty at law. ft-0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St., opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at tf>S Cal. ft.. Clunle bldg.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Srreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Jcet »t. : consultat'rn free: no fees In advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
week up with board $5 £0; suite for two with
board. $12; board. $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all right.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; first-cla_«s In every respect;
taMe unsurpassed; hot and coM water: ele-
vator: suites, with board for 2, $>0 month up.
KEW family hotel: first-class In all appoint-
ments: excellent table. SO7 California St., oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
NICELY furnished room with board; home
cooking; private family: gentleman preferred. |
Address box 743, Call office. ;
EDDY. 724— Nicely furnished rooms, with home
cookir.g; sunny rooms; private family.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
r.y fu'.lps: best bonrd; for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
FULTON, 1354— Elegant furnished front sunny
suite: near the Park.
HAIGHT, 232—2 cr 3 sunny connecting rooms,
with board, for couple of gentlemen.
HOWARD. 1543— R00m and excellent board, $20
per month; home comforts.
LAS PALMAP.IS2O Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rm?.; private; bath: s'.n. rms; board optional.
NEWLY furnished rooms, with or without j
board; home cooking; German style. 724 Bush.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; |
good home cocking; special rates to gents.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
CORNER saloon; cheap lf taken at once. COW-
ING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
WANTED— Offer on house of 8 rooms and bath,
lot 25x125, on Douglass st. ; bargain lf bought
Foon. Particulars at 101H Fifth st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale. In Oakland; Ex-
aminer. Address R.. Sub-station No. L Ala-
meda.
$150— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy store for
sale. Address box 4153. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and stationery for 6ale cheap.
1934 Mission st. ?
PARTY with $3000 to $5000 to take interest in
manufacturing business; will bear Investiga-
tion: a monopoly. Address box 4256. Call.
STEAM laundry plant; doing good business.
G. W. LOVIE, Redwood City. Cal.
WANTED— A partner with $3000 to go In Cape
Nome transportation business; chance to
make $100,000 this year; don't answer this ad
If you haven't the required amount. Box
1565, Call offlce.
WANTED — $5000 for fully secured proposition;
guarantee $2000 profit In 6 months. Address
Business. Call offlce, Oakland.
$1500— GROCERY, bar, coal yard; Mission; big
bargain. Particulars 124 Oak st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. BOS Second st..
near South Park. ,/. ¦• :- <
$250— HALF Interest In dining reom of hotel
having 650 rooms. Apply 743 Mission st.
I HAVE $24,000 of preferred stock to sell in
blocks of $500 and up; backed dollar for dol-
lar by bonds; equally as good as Government
bonds: this stock is guaranteed to draw 5 per
cent, payable in advance Beml-annually, with
a good prospect of earning from 25 to 30 per
cent: open to the fullest Investigation. Ad-
dress box 4550. Call offlce.
OFFERED— Limited amount of stock In the
most promising group of gold mines In this
State, at $1 per share; continuous dividends
assured within six months. Call cr address
905 Call building.
SMALL capital required to place patent bearing
strictest investigation; principals only dealt
with by letter to STEPHEN CKEEFFE, at-
torney, Parrott building, city.
FOR sale— Liquor store. Including building and
lease; viith or without stock. Apply to owner,
220 Ea«t at.
CHOICE business for sale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4819. Call offlce.
I HAVE money to invest in mining. Address
NEW YORK, box 4179. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et; open until S p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscrlpitno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND "WAGONS.
FOR sale — A well-matched team of white
horses, weight about 300 each, 9 and 10 years
old: a brand-new set of work harness and a
light delivery wagon with top attached, suit-
able for a peddler, price $75; a good, cheap
chance; must be sold within week. For fur-
ther particulars apply to A. SI. SILVEY,
Newark, Cal.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wajcons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2B Harrison.
NEWand 2d-hand wagons. buggles.carts and Bar-
ness, wk. & driving horses. I'th and Valencia,
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission sL
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dls'ensted with poor work
Bend to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Ft. ; tel. S. 49.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 2o per yard; teL Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Workß. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.: tel. Jessie £44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 533 Golden
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed, 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns bridge work and fillings a
tpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—.
Full »et of teeth, $4; crowns. It; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted, 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to 6009
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 6th.
SET' of teeth without plate. DR. H, Q.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. ¦ -
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
torn: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS, $3; skirts. 76c: made on short notice.
273 Minna St.. near Fourth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
SPANISH school— "Miguel Cervantes"; classes
for adults every evening from 7:30 to 9 In the
old Court building, cor. Larkin and McAllis-
ter. After January 2 I will open a day school
2 for the convenience of those who cannot at-
tend in the evening; price, per month, $2. A
P. ALVAREZ. Director.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand; lessons 1 hour each
day or evening. $2 50 a week; with application
any student can go through Marsh manual In
6 weeks. 300 Van Ness aye.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, archi. ; day and even. ;
est. ISG4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50, includes all branches.
MISS PEARL B. PIERCE, formerly the teacher
of fine arts at Newman & Levlnson's, has
opened her studio at 609 Polk st.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. MISS M. G. BARRETT, SO2 Mont-
gomery st.
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 004 Taylor st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. lOCS Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College, 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CH^CES^^rn^TA^SicVraTrkinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 66.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132 L
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post st. ; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
best help. 414U QTarrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants a position as
working housekeeper. Call or addreas 708
Ellis st. ;, .. . .
MIDDLErAGED onlncumbered German lady
desires position as housekeeper. Address box
4557, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do store or of-
flce work. Box 438, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED—MALE.
WANTED— Position in small grocery store, by
man of experience and highest references;
wages to ' suit employer. Address box 4204,
Call offlce. -¦
SCANDINAVIAN, 35, would like the acquaint-
ance of working girl; object, matrimony. Box
2517, Call office.
COACHMAN — Competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, de-
sires permanent situation. As to references
and qualifications address C. S., 1022 Jackson.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and decorator, first
class in all branches, will work at reduced
rates January and February, by day or con-
tract; city or country; high-class tinting a
specialty. Box 4575. Call offlce.
BUTCHER wishes steady position; city or
country: good references. Address G., box
4207. Call offlce.
CHEF and steward would like a position In a
hotel or restaurant; city or country; first-class
references. Address box 4217. Call office.
RELIABLE, middle-aged man desires employ-
ment as choreman with private family: handy
at any kind of work; references. Box 4571.
Call office.
YOUNG man. IOVi years' experience as sales-
man, solicitor, collector, 5 years In general
' merchandise business, wishes position: will
go to Philippine Islands, Hawaii, Cuba.
Alaska or Paris Exposition; reference and
security if required. Address box 4239, Call.
A— s2s WILL be given to any one procuring me
a responsible position of any kind; capable;
. can give good reference and security. Box
4866. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by young man as sales-
man in city or on the road with wholesale
house; can furnish best Eastern and city ref-
erences. Box 4S6S. Call office.
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch:
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook.
Call or address H. P.. 474 Jessie st.
PHYSICIAN and surgeon, European experience,
wants position; would take care of invalid.
Box 4570. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook; wide experi-
ence and good reputation. GEO. STALL, 312
Stockton st.
RELIABLE young man with some capital
wishes a paying situation; can speak German;
no objection to traveling. Box 4287, Call.
SITUATION by young man to finish plumber's
trade. 604 O'Farrell st.
BUTLER, valet or cook by learned Japanese.
Address O. X.. box 4569, Call offlce.
A SOBER single man. with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every disease
of trees and the remedy for it, and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or email wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call office.
PASTRY cook and confectioner; young man
Just out from England requires position as
second or third in first-class place; high
wages not expected. Box 4591, Call office.
SOBER middle-aged German wants position In
private family; understands care of garden,
horses, cow, etc.; city or country; wages $15.
Address box 4181. Call.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m. " ¦•-'
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. 60c. 1071H Market
St., San Francisco; examination free. ¦¦ ¦-':¦- •
EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you to trade for 2 lots, 50x150
each, near Fruitvale. V,i blocks from electric
cars; sell for cash, $450. Owner, Call office,
Oakland. ¦*?,.,
FINANCIAL.
A LOAN wanted— s7oo at 7% per cent Interest,
secured by mortgage on cho'ce Grove-st. lot,
with 4-roorn cottage, bath, basement, etc. ;
principals only. Address box 103, Call offlce,
Oakland. Cal. '¦;¦¦-¦¦¦-
FLATS TO LET.
HELP WANTED FE^. Atl ?^
WANTED— A German nurse. $20, to go to^ Los
Angeles, see lady here: 5 nursegirls. ?'O.-
German second girls. $20 to $25: second girl.
$25, Menlo Park; 6 second girls. $20 to S— .
Protestant cook, $35. country; 5 cooks. Ger-
man style $25 to $30; 3 eooka, $2o; 2 cham-
nermaldV, $B*week. $15 month; 2 housekeepers.
$15: restaurant cook. $10 a week; t.camlina-
vlan housegirl. 3 in family. $2». Alameda
Scandinavian housegirl, 2 in family. $^? city .
restaurant waitress, ?5 to $6 a week. J. * .
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, same house $30 and $25;
4 second girls. $25 each; second girl. Alameda,
$25, see party here Monday 11 o clock; 4
cooks, $30 and $25; 15 young girls to assist.
$15; 60 housegirls. 525 and $20; middle-aged
woman for light housework, country, $lo .to
$20; 3 nursefjlrls. $12 to $15; waitress, lnstitu-
tlon. |IS. MRS NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl for small family In ,_«»**_
wages $20 per month. Call at 120 Julian ave-
nue, near 15th street. Tuesday morning.
GIRL or middle-aged woman, light housework;
10 to 2 Monday. 706 Ellis street.
YOUNG German or American girl to assist In
light housework; wages $3. E. H. HAMMER.
44 Silver street^
WANTED— Machine operators on muslin un-
derwear; steam power; also ironers. RE\-
NOLDS, 697 Mission street, coraerJSecona. _
WANTED— German girl for upstairs works,
waiting and Bewlr.g. Apply at 2411 Jackson
street, between 9-12 a. m. and 12-2 p. m.
GIRL to do housework In upper flat; small fam-
ily; plain cooking: wages $12 to $15. Apply
1966 Green st., between 8 and 12 a. m. ;
YOUNG girl for general housework; no cook-
Ing. 1831 Eddy st.
WANTED— Elderly woman; can have good
home and small wages in country; light work
and helc with baby. 4 Wall st.. S. F.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36Vi Fremont st.; elevator.
WANTED— Experienced millinery saleslady;
long season: state age, experience, salary and
reference. Box 4250, Call.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 110 De Long aye., bet. Masonic aye. and
Ashbury St., south of Frederick.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
plain cook; also a nurse girl. 2403 Fillmore.
WANTED— A refined German girl for the care
of children, upstairs work and sswlng. Ap-
ply at 2014 Webster St., near California, Mon-
day morning from 10 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; also finisher;
first-class wages. 956 Mission St.
WE want a few first-class house-to-house so-
licitors for the most liberal proposition ever
offered, both city andn country. Western Ad-
vertising Co., 313 Bush st.
GIRL for housework; family of 4; $13. 1212
Fell s^
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. Apply
HEYNEMANN — CO.. 410 Hi Mission st.
WANTED— Two ladies to handle toilet articles
In city and Oakland; salary and commis-
sion. 120 Eutter, room 63; references required.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Call 1231 Guerrero St.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS.
The McDowell Dressmaking School offers to
. its patrons better inducements than any
other establishment because we give the
leading system of the world; easily learned;
rapid to use; evening class; positions free;
terms easy; patterns cut. McDOWELL,
103 Post st.
YOUNG Klrl for llEht housework. FRANCIS.
736 Satter St.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmers; only the best
that have worked In leading establishments
need apply. FRANCIS. 796 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking and
laundress; must sleep at home; references.
500 Capp st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery
and confectionery; German preferred. 1410
Polk st.
WANTED— A first-class German cook and
baker: good wases. Apply at 1720 Pine St.,
between 12 and 2 or after 5 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrappers;
electric power; steady work; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
200 OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear
to take work home. 723 Market St.. room 35.
GOOD German girl wanted for housework at
1126 York Bt.
HELP W AXTEI^^^L-_~~
COOK wanted. P»rkll____«T_fk__
iRUSHMAKER and . boy for drawing wanted.
HANS GREEK. 4 1313%, Pacific «t. r - .
WANTE_^E_perI««S S X "cA\\^ ""^
state references. . i:oxJ^A__^»__gg e _.
LUNCH cook wanted. 22 Montgomery st.
ELDERLY man as c^^^__tf______--
one trial will convince you ; ge nts
Baker 11S3; French laundry. -
SOBER man with small capital to manage sa-
loon. Call at 79 Third st. _______—--
WANTED-Young man who has a K*™*™ l
knowledge of clothing, furnishing S£O<^.
boots and shoes, etc.; references; single man.
no others nee__P__-.___M~-s» bo * m " Ca }h
RELIABLE man to drive wagon solicit and
deliver orders at the American Clothing Ren-
ovatorv Dyeing and Cleaning Works; sm-iil
SALESMAN wanted by established house: n>
technical knowledge necessary, but simp y all
around hustler of good appearance and a<i-
dress; first-class line: '^^ral contract entl.e
time required; references. Box 303. Detroit,
Mich. I
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a Jo*o'^J 0 * 0 '^
house dealing in farming Implements and .ve-
hicles: state references and salary deslrea.
Address box 4973. Call offlce.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN and green hands for cruise south.
327 Pacific^ '
CHINESE boy. cook and waiter, wishes situa-
tion In family. W. Y. F.. 21 Brenham_p___e.
EM PaTrS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and za sts^
j BORROW money on diamonds and watches,
j low interest. UNCLE HARRI3. 15 Grant aye.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eigh:
weeks required: constant practice: expert in-
struction; lectures and everything- necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly; specm:
inducements this month; call or write toj" « c «
Illustrated catalogue. HOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 6^5 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the btate to
teach the art. _______———————
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try enr 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c to
Me. EC2 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kno—
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, stilt
| runs Denver -louse. 217 Third St.: 150 largs
! rooms; 2'« ocr night; $1 to $2 per week.
! PENSIONS— J. EL SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
I neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SOO SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 13ff and 253
; per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
! WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
| ket; 7CO rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from th# ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions haa been established at 109« Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions nas been opened
at 1223 Polk tt. ; open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For S»le
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
S ULLI VAN — DOYLE. Auctioneers.
E0 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St., bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — Three young working horses. 903
York St.. near Twenty-first.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Eclipse
Stables. 1375 Eddy St. .
THREE or four Jersey cow» for sale; very gen-
tle; for family use. J. F. PERLE. Angel __
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team, 1SH; '10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 6f15 G. G. Aye.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
the we*k'. All are invited: good singing; ws j
free. ' j
THE Tbeosophieal Society— Lecture to-night in i
Theos-jphie Hail. Odd Fellows' building, by !
Mr. W. J. Walters. "Mystic Societies, Old I
and New." Gulden Cliain 11 a. m. j
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
A FREK lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
I "Quacks and Quackery," by Dr. J. Depew
Kurgan of l>rs. K. & X.'s Electric Sanitar- J
iani. GrJßta] Hall. Pythian Castie, SOS Market j
street, followed by irajrnifioent views among !
the Fairies. Those attending this lecture may j
procure free tldctta to the wonderful X Ray j
exhibition at the sanitarium, corner of Mar- !
ket and Mason streets. Tuesday evening next. I
SOCIETY of Progressive Pr>iritualists. Occi- |
dental Kail, corner Larkin and McAllister, |
Sunday, 7:^3 p. m.; speaker, Mrs. R. S. '
Ullte; *übleot. "The Life and Services oi the
Late I>r. Joseph Rhoades Buchanan."
AT DR. lUNF.S' Spiritual Society. SOS Market
St., 12, free: 2-S. Mrs. £>ee!ey. Gre*-n. Renne;
.-ill te>-t>; Mr. Callings, dlre<-t'.r of Ontrai
Lyceum, 10 a. m.. Crusade Hall: collect.
6OUL culture meetings. C2l Turk et.; H. H.
Brown; Sunday and Thursday evenings; free;
Am S;irit."
i"i!l.li!:E.VS Progressive Lyceum. Free f?plr-
tttuaJ Library. sm* Market. 10:30. subject. "Ed-
ucation."
AT Friendship Hall, test to all every nl^ht,
335 Mi.-AlHsl'-r; Sirs. Meyers and others;, lw,
siltlrnrs.
MMIi. YOUNG'S <onvincin«r test circle, tiv
niKht. CO5 Mi-AUii'.' r tt.; 10c: come, ekeptlcs.
J.IK.S. WINOIESTKIii ICIO Clay; circle V*-
nii_!it. )•; Tue^iay, 2 p. m. ; couf-ultation daily, j
TEST m<-et;ne, S p. m., 117 Larkin: Mesdames !
Wretm & Hatch, Prof. Gee & Hargan .es; free.
KATIE nEUESMAJCTCa meeting to-night and
Hon.: IBci mrnsscrs to all. 641 Jessie, off 7th.
WED A nV7£KINsT"I4i3 Market, bet. 10th and
11th; circle iion. S p. m., 25c; sittings dally.
MRS. EBrZKHARUT'S spiritual meeUnxV.iTfe
::. , : ¦'>'-. rrr.it :-;.j ?t., b*>t. Mission and Valencia.
I :. NELLIE BEIGHLE Is apain in her office!
Etocta Bprectadi i-uilding, IC7 Market st.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizlr.g, materializing
— *anee; fc p. m. 4C* Leavenworth; 50c.
ARNOLD DICKSON MAXWELL: tests to all
to-night; 10c. MS Sixth st., room 1_
MRS. MEN'A FRANCIS, independent slat*
writing medium, lib ii&ight «t.
MRS. JIAIiY EVANS? sittings .dally; circle at
2 and S; also Monday evening.
EDWARD KAItLirS circle to-night- Eo
Eili? g;rc-rt.
MEKTINUS — lnurrs:il Urutherhood,
THEOKOPHICAL Society in America, 813 Mar-
ket et.— Lecture to-nipht. "The New Order
of the Ac**," tor l^r. Allen Griffiths; Interna-
Uoaal Brotherhood League Tuesday night;
F-.itiject, 'The New Child."
MEETING NOTICES.
MEMBERS of Ophir XjoCs"- No.
171. 1, O. O. F.. »;il please assem-;4i#_XX—
ij'e at Remembr&iv-e Ha!! I O
O. F., at 15:15 p. m., MONDAY.
Jarunry fc, for tiie purpose tf attending the
lur.eral of our late brother. Z. BIRDS ALL.
m V.Ji- GE°_W. COLLIER. N. G
fcKFJeERS ar.d members of _«»*•_.
Franco- Am.: >¦ n :. ,¦ .\ . ; ¦.; Jjy&!&9\
i ¦¦ O. i ¦'., are ?¦»-. .;.--!..,: t 0 ;uS-'-ix-ifi'JC'si; uS - '-ix-ifi'JC'si
»embli> in their hail TUESDAY
January S, WO, at 1:30 p. m., to attend the
tunerai ot «.ur late brother. J LAGRAVE
I;y i.riier of KI.'GEXi: DAL'CHER N O
L. AURADOU. Secretary.
JH'BLIO Innail;.- . . Hermann v •__•
L>i:.e No. 14S. I. O. O. V.— Ofn- -^^^^^fe.
of>r^ an<l member* are requested
to asperobie in Kureka Hall, third ~~^?/i«^~
floor. < >:<i F> !!',»•*' Jrtiil.iing. .NEXT TUES-
DAY EVENING. January 9. at 8 o'clock
fhsrp. for the installation of officers. Mem-
tent of Ulster lodges and friends are cordially
t •H-'I. E. K&UEGEB, N. a
A. (It. JAGER. Secretary.
ANNUAL mating- faring Valley Waterworks
— The ar.nual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
at the office cf th« company. 126 Stockton st.,
fan Francisco. Cai.. at 12 o" flock ra. go
WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of January. 1»W,
to fl*-ct trustees to sm* lor the ensuing year
and for the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meetlnc
raLHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
FTOCKHOLDER3' meeting— The snnual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the California Drjr
Dock Company win he b«ld at the efftee of
the ersmpany. No. fi California street. Baa
Frar.'-'sc". Cal.. on MONDAY. January 8.
IMK'. at Jl o'clock a. m.. fr>r the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
eriFuJnsr yesr end for the transaction of su<-h
other business "« may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Offlce No. 5C2 California st., room ». San
rr*.r.ciFco. CaL, December :4. ISSJ. __|
paintings; secrecy, i.rieie Harris, is (irant.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN boarded: a mother's care. Apply
at 15 Dame Ft., off Thirtieth, near Church.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants room and
board In private house where no ether board-
ers are kept; widow's house preferred. Box
4?'<4, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLAPS room and board In private fam-
ily by young couple. Box 4?72. Call office.
ROOM and board wanted by gentleman; 2
meals; state terms. Box 4205, Call.
BY elr.gle man— Board and rcom In American
or German family. Box 4207, Call.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low ln-
terest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOTHS D J>IIOJE J^^lNS^^^
CHILDREN'S shoes, all Et>*les. sizes 8 to 11.75 c
Boys' shoes, all sires, $1. Men's shoes... sl ti j
Indies' lace or button shoes, all sizes Jl 00 (
People's Shoe Store. 1333 Stockton, nr. B'dwy. 1
BUSINESS CHANCES.
AT a bargain— l 2 head cattle, 1 horse, 14 goats,
pigeons, chickens and hogs.; house, furniture,
outhouses: ideal fishing and hunting. (JALiI
&. BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
$250 — A SPECIAL bargain; grocery and bar on
a co— itr: cheap rent: good business: snap.
GALE & BENSON, 220 Parrott building.
$100 PER month to party with $200; money se-
cured. GALE & BENSON, 32U Parrutt bldg.
GHEAT bargain; country town hotel, 38 rooms
and bar; 51 boarders; cheap rent; lease. GALU I
_ BENSON, 320 Parrott building. j
$3000— GROCERY and delicacy; best In Ban |
Joaquln Valley; $75 dally. KREDO - CO., I
224 Geary Bt.
$350— GROCERY and bar at Invoice; good cor- I
ncr; $15 daily. KREDO 4->CO.. 22V4 Geary St.
$85— B. BAKERY and stationery; don't miss
this: 2 rooms; good business, KREDO _ CO.,
12S Geary St. . :
$250— PARTNER wanted; profitable business.
Mclaughlin _ co.. <77V4 Market st.
$850— RESTAURANT and lodging house; old-es-
tabltshed business: owner retiring on account
of old age. Mclaughlin & co., 77714
Marketjs^
$700— SALOON" with clubrooms close to the
Baldwin: fine location; good business; cheap
rent; snap. JONES & CO., 865 Market st.
BEST comer saloon in thriving town 30 miles
of San Francisco; owner leaving for Cape
Nome. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
WANTED— Ladr partner, with about $1500: ac-
tive or Bilent in a legitimate money making
business: money fully secured; big chance to
the right party: references exchanged. For
particulars address box 45«4, Call offlce.
PARTNBR wanted to open real estate and loan
commission business: new system; sure suc-
cess; few hundred required; will Invest
equally: inquire personally. BENJAMIN,
255 Geary st.
EVEP.YBODY— Lots given away to advertise
new American colony in Cuba; send for free
Illustrated book about Cuba. City and Su-
burban Investment Co., 253 Broadway. New
York.
5 TO 9 per cent paid weekly: no losses; can
withdraw investment and dividends without
notice: particulars free. CO-OPERATIVE
TRUST CO. (Incorporated). Chicago.
$SPO- MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with tools,
sober and industrious, would invest this
amount as partner in some • light business.
Address box 4859. Call offlce.
FOR sale — We have a downtown saloon on
hand and ra.me mu*t go at once; a bargain;
rent $50. WICHMAN. LUTGEN £ CO.. 318
Clay st^
DELICACY, bakery, candy, milk; must be sold
this we*>k en account of Blckness; S living
rooms: rent $11 410 Brannan el., near Third.
$1250— STATIONERY, notion and cigar ptore;
near a large school; fine location. Address
Ik.x B, Call branch. 800 Hayes strret.
PARTNER wanted, small capital, to manufac-
ture household patent: good chance to make
money. Box 4SS3, Call offlce.
8 YOUNG Germans wanted to etart erocery
and bar: fixtures oomolet*. 2638 Folsom nt.,
corner Twenty-third.
BRANCH bakery and notion store in Western
Addition for sale cheap. Address B. F.. box
4fr74. Call office. .
BARBERSHOP, with 2 living rooms; good loca-
tion; rent cheap. 347S Twenty-fifth street.
CHEAP for cash; barber shop. 3 chairs; very
good trade. Inquire at 1340 Mission Ft.
PARTY wanted with $500 rash to invest in pay.
Ing business. Bo* Sitf, Gail offlce.
Gate aye.; telephone tast 1.0.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
the reveals every hidden mystery: she will
6how you iiow to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk St., nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A— PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical ; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection: if in dr.ubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed In from 3 to 6
menths; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours, 9 to 8; Sunday, 10 to 2.
NOTICE— DR. CRAIG, California's well-known
and successful clairvoyant physician, re-
turned and opened offices at 17 Powell St.;
consultation and examination of all diseases
free; satisfaction guaranteed in all spiritual-
istic work; readings by appointment and
special attention given to correspondents.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
v oyant: treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. ADA, wonderful, gifted magnetic healer,
cures rheumatism, neuralgia and face blem-
ishes. 1343 Howard Bt.
ARRIVED-»Scientiflc palmist and psychic; sat-
isfaction guaranteeed; readings 00c and $1.
230 A Turk st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readlnes, 25c.
EDWARD HARLE, Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st. ; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. HANSON. *palmlFtry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14? Sixth st.. r. 12.
MRS DU PREE. card reading; questions an-
swered by mall; advice given. 28 7th, room 7.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 rescued stmr Gold. 225 Mason, r. 7.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission.op.Mint.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circle to-
night, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m. ; consultation dally.
YOUR future told by cards, 26c 844 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 212H S'»tT st.
MME. AUGUST, claln iyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth r no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA rei^is life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. RYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2Kc: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOHGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18— MODERN 5-room cottage; fine home. Sec-
ond aye., near Point Lobos. KREDO & CO.,
22H Geary Bt.
COZY Kastlake cottage (Mission), reduced to
$10: 1 month free. SPECK & CO.. 6fi7 Market.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog HospltalT^o^tTl^nrnore.—.
Advice and medicine 750; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DENTISTS.
A^DR. T. B. "HlGGlNS^^dentaTparlorsl 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold filllnes
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crownu,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, » a. m. to 10 p. ra. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market »t.. corner Sixth.
. • *
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
or month; good cook. Address 54 Ivy aye.
WANTED, by a middle-aged American woman,
position as companion to elderly couple and
assist with housework; Oakland preferred.
Address box 4563. Call. •
LADY will teach piano or sew for comfort-
able home. Box 4562. Call.
WANTED — Position by experienced young lady
stenographer; references. Address box 48G0.
Call.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by the day; makes
a suit In one day. 1532 Polk st.
COLORED woman would like work In doctor's
or dentist's office. Address box 4558, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants engagements
in families or at home. 917 Vi Sutter St.; tel.
Larkin 9C2.
REFINED middle-aied woman wishes situa-
tion In small family as housekeeper: city or
country. Call MRS. WILSON, 1932 Mason st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes posi-
tion as cook in lunch house. Address MRS.
WEBER, 214 Third et., room 8.
LADY compositor desires position; would work
extra at first. Box 4202, Call office.
WAITRESS wishes situation; short hours pre-
ferred at first. Box 4202. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
Kent-nil housework; good cook. Apply at 1126
Howard st. ; no triflers.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare. 121 Frank-
lin st.
RESPONSIBLE! young woman, American,
with year-old infant, wishes situation as
housekeeper; home object rather than wages.
Address or call Mrs. D. A. S., 611 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position aa
working housekeeper. Box 4298. Call office.
STRONG American woman wants work by the
day; washing. Ironing or housecleanlng; $1 a
day and car fare. Address box 2512. Call.
COMPETENT, refined young woman, speaking
German, desires position as lady's maid, care
of elderly lady, nursery governess or nurse;
references. Box 4290, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLAsi dressmaking and repairing;
tailor suits; perfect fit with one fitting; rea-
sonable; at home or in families. 651 Geary.
YOUNG lady speaking 4 languages would like
to work in a Btore. Addreas 478 Tehama St.,
near Sixth.
EXPERIENCED lady musician would like po-
sitlon In muslo store; small salary to begin.
Address 1018 East Sixteenth 5t.,.-East Oakland.
EDUCATED lady would like position In family
of children; help plain sewing, teach muslo;
experienced teacher; country preferred. Call
or address 1018 East Sixteenth St., East Oak-
land.
WANTED— PIain sewing and mending to do
at home. 255 A Third st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day or
at home; city references. Box 4859. Call.
RELIABLE woman, with a boy 8 years old,
wishes a situation as working housekeeper.
Call or address J. G., 1725 Devlsadero st., near
Sutter.
SEAMSTRESS desires position to do second
work and sewing or chamberwork; seam-
stress. 1216 Filbert St.
GERMAN girl, good washer and lroner, wishes
work for few more days, steady, every week.
418 Powell st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to take care of a
child or an invalid. Address 222 B St., North
Oakland. ¦*¦:¦.; •..
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladles In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 roflms; 25c to $160 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free "bu»
and baggaKe to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons baa been established at the
northwest corner* of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
BUbFcrlptlons has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1222 Polk Kt.: open i:ntn 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE~
POSITION wanted by a young man on private
place; can milk, care for horses, etc. Box
2514, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man and good worker wants posi-
tion with private family as coachman; can
milk and do general work; good references.
Box 2513, Call office.
WOULD like to get a place for a boy 14 years
old to learn a trade; small wages. Call at 12
; Cardell plaoe, off Union st., bet. Dupont and
Stockton.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417% Third st.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms and bath; lanre
basement. 715 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
MODERN 5-room upper flat. 125 Ash aye., bet.
Polk and Van Neas, McAllister and Fulton.
NEW upper flat; sun all day; 5 rooms; bath;
stationary tub; rent $14. 418 Lily aye.
SIXTH, 136— I*arge front room; light house-
keeping; also room $1 week.
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reasonable. 3568 17th St., near Guerrero.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
UPPER flat, five rooms and bath; nice loca-
tion. ISO7A Eddy street.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms. 615 Thirteenth street.
$11— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
street, off Market, near Valencia.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama st., near Eighth.
$16 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
strert; no small children.
$18 — SUNNY modern new flat, 5 rooms, bath.
Corner Twenty-second and Castro sts.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. !¦¦> Grant aye.
FLATS TO LET — KUKXISHED.
UPPER flat; sun all day: 6 rooms. Call be-
tween 11 and 8 at 732 Post St.
& BIRCH aye. — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished. -? • .:¦.¦•.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A small Bunny furnished flat;
good location; adults. P. F.. box 4255. Call.
FREK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $3 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evenings.
HANDSOME ash bedroom set; no dealers. 607
Eighth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED;
ALFReIS~^VOLIFeRT, 777~Mission~Bt!. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3353.
HELP WANTED AGENTS. •
AGENTS make money selling or trading rights
In Cordell'B patent alarm mailbox; Hag-
strom's bag holder, Blmm's ham wrapper,
"Wilson's dock construction, Anderson's boat
propeller; Fellow's gold extractor; Sptlter's
mop and brush holder, Lannon's pipe wrench.
Baker's kettle drainer, Krusehke's scythe
wrench, Smith's corn cutter, Rosenbrook's
¦watch jewel bearing, Merrill's kettle scraper,
Boyd & Hazleton'e churn, Rupp's balance
wheel, Rupp's corn husker. Hawthorn's sash
lock. Hawthorn's mortuary monument, Par-
kinson's steam generator, Homback's display
stand. Westergard's rotary brush. Hlnkley '»
door holder, Morgan's fence post. Ewtng's
valve. Smith's marker for seed planters.
Smith s sand screen. Wilde's vehicle body,
Ferrer's hat fastener. Address RAPID IN-
TRODUCTION CO., Chicago, 111.
JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp; easi-
est lighted; most satisfactory; knocks all
competition; agents coining money. Peerles3
Lamp Co., 213 Railway Ex. bldg.. St. Louis.
EXPERIENCED salesmen for Eastern manu-
facturers. P. C. M. A., 78 Flood building,
after 4 p. m.
LADY canvassers wanted on article used every
day. Apply 135 Fair Oaks St., between 9
and 10 a. m.
IIELI» WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY~ST\
15 waitresses, city and country, $25, $20; 3
fancy lroners, hotel. Southern California, $30,
half fare; 6 chambermaids. Southern Califor-
nia, $20; cook, lunch house, $1 day; cook,
restaurant, $3 week; chambermaid to wait,
mining town, $30, family orders: 5 second
girls, $20, $18. $15; cook, $30, German or
Swedish: 20 housegtrls. city and county, $25.
$20. C. R, HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT cook for small family In coun-
try;-wages $25 per month. Call at 120 Julian
avenue, near 15th street, Tuesday morning.
YOUNG German or Swedish girl to learn type-
setting and press feeding In old established
monthly; $3 per week first year; state age.
A. Z.. box 4203, Call.
WANTED— First-class skirt maker. 618 Sut-
ter Bt.
YOUNG girl for light housework and care of
children; sleep home. 2623 Folsom st.
WANTED— GirI for eeneral housework; $13 a
month. 212 Scott St.
WANTED— Good strong girl for general house-
work. 4050 Twenty-fourth St.; take Castro-
st. car.
WANTED- Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny 6t., room 20.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good,
steady girls; good pay. NEWBAUER BROS.,
IS First st.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
interest^ UNCLE HARRIS. l'» Grant aye.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IG9S Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: cpen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: ppen until 9 p. m.
lIELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 534S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M.
2 butchers, hog killing $52
14 farmhands, pruners J26, $20 and found
choremen. buys, gardeners, etc. ; cabinet mak-
ers; milkers and butter makers; blacksmiths'
helpers
3 miners $75
stablemen; young mttn to drive butcher wagon.
MURRAY 6c READY, 634 and 836 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE. .TO SAWMII__I. ETC
25 laborers $20 to $40 and fuund
IS3 woodchoppcra, tlemakers, shingle, box,
bolt, picket and post makers
..$2. $2 50. $3 50, $1 50, tt, "00 cord, 12c, 10c each
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.,
HOTEL OTHER DEPARTMENT
Cook, $50, fare 60c: cook. $35. city; cook, plain,
boarding house, $40, fare 75c; 3 cooks, city,
restaurants, $35. $30 and found; cook. $40, city
job; cook, saloon, fare $5, $35 and found; cook,
private family, $20, fare $3; 4 other cooks
wanted; 11 waiters, hotels, restaurants, $35,
$30. $25. $20 and found; dishwashers; boys for
bakeries and storts; baker, $35 and found,
countiy; 2 third bands. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, scraper-holders, dump men, shov-
elers and car drivers, for the Coast Road,
free fare; hoisting engineer for a mine, $2 50
a day; blacksmith, country shop, $50 and
board.
Neat cook, country shop, $50 and fare ad-
vanced ? second cook, restaurant, $50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
BARBER for country hotel. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 1 miner to sink shaft and timber
mine, $2 per day and board, fare paid; ma-
chinist for mine. $2 75 to $3 per day; 10 miners,
$2 per day: plain blacksmith and handy with
toola for orchard, short distance, $25 and
board; 2 more pruners for orchard, good Job,
Jl per day and board, and others. W. D
EWER & CO.. «10 Clay st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs!
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, fee. 104 7th; tel. Jessie U2.
TWO first-class experienced bookk<*epers for
temporary, work; must be rapid, accurate and
sober. Address, giving full particulars as to
experience, references and salary wanted box
4855, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions—Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence Collete
Washington. I>. C. .
TAILORS— Wanted first-class ladles' tailor for
the country: one proficient in all details; must
be eocd rapid operator; permanent pla<-» for
steady, sober man; good wages. Apdlv tn
STEIN. SIMON _ CO. A PP'7 IO
TRAVELING salesman— Mad* to order shirts
and gents' furnishings; bonds required- paid
for by firm; state age, past experience and
full particulars. Box 4SS3, Call office.
WE want a few flrst-cla?s house to house
llcltors for the most liberal proposition ev» r
offered: both city and country WESTFRV
ADVERTISING CO.. 313 Bush St.
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nice shop
room with hot Irons; cheap. 104 Kearny st
tailor shop. . "
SMART collector and canvasser; Industrial in-
Mo^mery's* I>rOmotlon - R - RALPH. 511
W &^^M fl a^e?Vt 3 °" tter - S - N - WOOD
SHOEMAKER on repairing; $7 a week; steady
place for good man. Box 4^73. Call Bleaay
$15 A WEEK — Young man as Dart ncr tn ..>-.>.
• wSr*^ 11 .? Bc:aiiuV8 c : aii u V v^^^TS"
*zuo. ±$ox 28, Call 'office, Oakland.
ROOMING HOUSES FOR SALE.
Corner, bay-windows; sunny; clears $150:
26 rooms $1200
Only $300 cash, balance $25; interest 10 per
cent; 20 rooms 14CQ
Just l'ke home: family house: 38 rooms 25uC
New elegant furniture; Va cash: 30 rooms.. 2UCO
New; never changed hands; clears $suO;
84 rooms 7200
Sunny corner: best part of city: 16 rooms. 1500
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
Corner house: rooms rent from $10 to $20:
100 rooms $1400
Near the U. S. Mint; good; clears $150; 32
rooms 1500
On Second St.; clears $100; rent $50; 60
rooms Ji^O
Sunny corner: clears $100: 15 rooms JOO
I Good, lucky house; downtown: 23 rooms.. HrtO
50 others: 2 to 600 rooms; prices $3)0 to $10. Uw.
i HOTELS AND BOARDING HOUSES FOR
SALE.
! Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms $lsf«
Hotel and bar In city; 60 rooms 4000
Boarding-house; clears $C 00; 2S rooms 25C0
First-class boarJlnK-h^u.-<e; 36 rooms SCOO
Hotel; table clears $,"00; 710 rooms 5000
FLATS FOR SALE.
Just finished: Eddy. nr. Van Ness: 8 rrr.s..iT"'
Downtown; cheap rent; 10 rooms 4.V)
Near City Hall; must sell: 7 rooma _;
I SELL ALL KINDS OF PROPERTY.
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU
IN PRICE. LOCATION AND TERMS.
H. C. DECKER. IC2U Market st.. opp. Fifth
PHONE JOHN 51.
INSURANCE CUT— MONEY TO LOAN.
$2600—20 rooms; Geary, near Powell.
$1800— 23 rooms; rent $75.
$550 — 8 rooms — On Unlun Square.
$30CO— 33 rooms; Hutter st.. near Mason.
27tiO— 23 rooms; O'Farrell. near Leavenworth
$3CO— IU rooma; Hyde, near Eddy.
$»00 — 13 rooms: Kllia. near Leavenworth
i A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
25 ROOMS: new and clean $1100
12 rooming and boarding house jjj«)
'17 rooms: Sim location 4"?
IS-room house: gr>o,i transient 7511
60 rooms; clears $^.» jo^o
Money loaned. Gale _ Benson. S2O Parrott big.
10 rooms: 1 blk of Market; $150 down jso>'
11 rooms; elegant Ellis" st. corner 3-^-,
14 rooms; boarders; rent $50; very nice.... gi^s
35 rooms; all sunny; corner; housekeepers.. Men,
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, near Call bldg.
FOR rale— Great bargains In large and small
rooming houses. Call at room 2, S3 Fifth st..
opposite the Mint.
$700— LODGINO-HOUSE. IS rooms, north of
Market st. ; bargain lf sold to-day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN «fc CO.. 777^ Market St.
BOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send, for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 50.
HOUSE to let— Pine and Franklin sts; 10 roornj
and bath.
9-ROOM house; 3t3'o O'Farrell st.. near Mason,
rear entrance; fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
$40— ESTABLISHED lodging-house. 11 rooms
153S Market st.. near City Hall aye.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite a:-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AXD FOI'XD.
LOST— SS re-ward; Hue sack coat going from
P M. S. S. Co. dock tr> Rryant and Third
sts. Return to 3C'l^ Fourth st.
LOST— Diamond and sapphire ring on Market
bet. Franklin and Polk. Reward. 709 Cole lit!
LOST-On Fifth and Mission, January 6 bUvm
watch. Reward at 42S Twenty-ninth st.
LEFT standing In the hallway of Central
building, opposite the entrance of Sherm fn
& Clay's Hall on Thursday afternoonf a sil-
ver-headed umbrella. The finder will receive
a liberal reward by returning it to 307 San-
some St.. room 8. _
IF the centleman who found th» black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin at. on Thursday
receive^ward 1111 " 11 UtO Pin * «• *»•-»»
1 "'*! f e> dow^town. sunburst
f3»r t T? m ?i n^ L n ater; liberal reward
finder. J. KAHN & CO.. 306 Sacramento.
DECEMBER 27, basr containing pocketbook $i
change, card?, other articles Plea<w» r»t!ir^
. MRS. L. A. JOHNSOJ. j^_£g^£gg
L £.^Tr ß / own P° lnter P«P: white breasYTfour
ward Return to 411 San Jose aye.; ra!
LOS I~P! ntleman ' 8 BOl(1 watch with fob at-
I^hi tn £VnßV nB from m Turk «• «o Crocker
reward *** return to 423 Turk; liberal
l<OS'T—'Svm Year's morning, on Halxht n «,
Webster small black and tan dog; collar a^J
H?ieht 5c ; * reward lf «&r£ato"_o
°? t * le . 24tl1 — F °x terrier slut; black snot ««
_head; has pu P s. Return to 112S Turk- reward
ISlllllliiil
BORROW on diamonds; perfect s«cre~r-
1 rate entrance. Uncle '„£?£' B^SSt »£
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
24MATRIMONIAL^ j
ALL rcnter_p!attr.g marriage call cr ser.d 10c
for January "Wedimg B»:i." the oa'.y reli-
able matrimonial pa;*r; nx_trt~ion!al adver-
tisements, Intndactlor.s and private letter
bo_ea FREE to subscribers. Address "Wed-
¦V.r-g n«:i." SSS Geary tt.. Sar. Francmgo. Cal. j
MEDICAL.
I_SS. DR. KOHL, the criy reliable ladles' phy-
Flcian and »rec:_!:st cf leng and «ucce«sful
practioe: j*r!\ale hetr.e fcr patients before and j
o\ir:r.£ ccr.Kr.err.er.t; best of care; guaranteed
treatrr.ent st cff.ee. $S: safe aad reliable; con-
soitatlon free. 1122 Market st.. between Ma-
tea »r. ! Tar'^r: hours, S to S.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' epe-
ciaJirt. fcrt-erly cf 4CI Van Ness. 1352 Market.
has returned frcra Europe with Improved
method? anl advanced knowledge; cure at
office $:¦: wurrar.ted: IS years' successful prac-
'Ace !r. S F. Office. lIS Ediy st.. near Mascn.
MRS. VR. 'VVYETH. reliable ladles' phynlciaa
acd specialists; hctne for patients ln coafin«-
mert cr with chronic diseases: best care;
g_arar.'.e«_ treatn-.ent at offlce. IS; cocsulta-
tion free. »42 Poet rt-. bet. Hyde aad Lar-
' k:n: ik urn 10 to I. 7to t.
TR G. W. O'LONNELL. the wcrld-reaowned
ladies' spedattst: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed la S. F. for years; treated thousands
*t cases successfully : treatment can be used
at r - • ¦ "?:.:«: :--_ free; success guarao-
:*ed. Wr.te or call at VS3\j Market rt.
PRIVATE cc__nemeat home; many rocms:
best cf care; nice garden: medicated steam
t_?fcs f-r ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
pfcene Plre r^l: res.. ISI2 Golden Gate aye.
DR. aad MR? DAVIES. 122* Market; lacle.'
pfcyilcian; chronic diseases treated: late ecien-
tif.c method*; clre g-.rar.teed; treatment tt.
MRS. UR. ALLEN. IMS Market at.; hours 10
a si. to6 p. ra. ; at residence. 2S Van Ness
aye.. S to f p. cr. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
rR. POPPER, '.afiles' r^ysieiarj for 87 years:
c_re X: consultation free: treatment can be
sent for use at home. SIS Kearay rt.
MF.S. DR. FUNKE. '.415 Eighth St.. Alameda-
Foma'.e specialist: home In confinement.
r>R. WIFE, the UJI-s' specialist 111 l Market
at.: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MP.S. TR. GWYER. E:0 Eddy et.. bet. Hyde
ard Lerklr.; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S.
r>K. WONO HIM. herb Oocter. treats ail _:»-
»£*»« >¦* the h-jTian bfiy. 115 M»»rn st.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEOE — Suggestion, therapeutics, telepathy,
¦~:::»Tr: free clinic T-j>». evg. 805 Larkln.
MIM> AM) MI.MSG.
CARTERS Gold Miae shares; fcrtune makers;
d'.vldrr.i! payers: c.ueti»d oa Pacific Stock Ei-
K change: 50 cents per «h_re or monthly Install-
ments: jsend fcr rrcsre^tus. CAP.TERS GOLD
MINING CO . 220 Callfcrr.la tt.. roon s a-7.
V.'. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 4?. Sth
floor. Mii!« b---:l<i'r._ «= F. : t»l. Mn; n U4.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOlLrns. «-.r'.rey. 2-hand machinery. Jlc-
LNTOSH & WOLPMAN. 155-197 Frerccr.t at.
PARS, counters, showcasea. !-he!vir.«;. mirrors,
bo-jitht sold and exchanged. lj€3 Mission st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, Hnnlann. offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; r.ew and second-
hand. J. NOOXAN. 1017-10_»-lC_l-l__ Mission
st.. above Sixth.
VERY cheap— One large traction engine, never
la _«c. Duadoa'a Saa Francisco Iroa Works,
rTS r " .s~TV. St.
TOR sale cr trade, cheap, 1 large ir;c_hator.
1 -ip^i. 2 road carts. Box D, Diraoad P. 0.,
Alameda Couaty.
THOROUGHBRED Japanese male jr-g do*.
Call cr address. 154 Rasa street.
ONE 4-*l-!ed sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
a:r compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE s:? bjr <buy> SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. tfl Sixth, below Mlssioa.
AT !e*i ti-.aa coet: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lycas", the
Le__cs Taflcr. 7TI Market rt.
la the Hiftcrj- Building.
FAFES-Ne* s._S second fcr banks, merchants,
Krtearcers, residences; portable safety bcxes;
Fpecle chests, bu'.lioa cafes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 10J-111 Market st.. 6. F. CaJ.
KDISON ccccert pho_e_raph. price reduced to
$:*}; concert records. $2 ft. BACIGALUPI.
. •rtS Market rt.. Pan Francisco.
CANARY t:r_a: see. hear and buy. at LOH-
MANNS. !:e* Sixteenth st., near Valer.cla.
CHOICE car.ary far *i>. I- K>; also female, 722
Hayes st.
A— « M DERBY ar.a Fedora hats, tl 75. Pcp-
i.:_r Price Hatters. Z3O Kearry st.. nr. Plae.
UhESS rants. $2 7J: fir.c suit. $13. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 11l Montgomery st.
BOILERS. «rjrlr.es. drill presses, jl__ere. lathes,
iror. & woni; il-hanl. J. BURKE, ::s Be_>.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
SPECIAL bargains this week, both on new and
second-hand planes; clearance sale of last
year a stock. THE J. DEWING CO., Flood
bldg.. Fourth and Market ets.
KNABE p:anoc; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER - CHAPE. 30 O'Farrell at.
A FINE Eteinway upright, nearly new; at
great sacrifice. Room 13. Flood bldg.
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by experts the best ln 6. F.; nearly
.new. of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetnees of tone: value $600; to be scld
for only $300 cash. 123S Market St.. room I*l.
LARGE stock cf Baldwin and ether standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 3t4 Pest at. ¦
W. G. BADGER. 4U Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby ar.d Spencer pianos. Epencer
wareroome. ISIS Market jsrt.
A BEAUTIFUL. 3-pedal upright piano; a bar-
gain. I«_> Webster »t.. corner gutter.
FINE upright p:7no. little used, cheap for
cash. 1319 Powell.
FINE Fl*ch«r & Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 101J Va_ Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN-Nlce DprK-t piano; enly $60 ca.h;
sold frr rtcrsge. 1713 Market St.
OUR piar.es have arrived; rented S3 per month.
Scott-Curtar Piano Ca. UP Hayes it.
GOOD upright piano: nearly aew; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 21< McAllister st.
BAROAIN-Gocd upright : cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McA'.liiter st., next Hiterr.la Bank.
SUPERIOR vln'.ins. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
7 ROOMS, bath- elegantly furnished; 1 block
we»t of Chronicle and 50 feet from Market st. :
suitable for professional men. A. M. SPECK
& CO . 667 Market St.
SUTTUR, 717— Very choice for rocms or of-
fices; rent very reasor.abie; sunny; please la-
vestiga te.
LOFT. I*7 Mission »t. ; 2Sx*C: power available
for shirt, jriove. shoe or paper-box factory.
SIXTH. 2tZ— With bakers' oven; suitable for
a bakery. Key at :_> Sixth «t.
PERsO.VALS.
AN American gentleman, age 49. height « feet.
weight IT9 pcundi. of gor«l appearance and no
bed hatlts. kind and loving disposition, would
love to become th» companion for life In city
o- country of a lady with means. Address
carefully FRANK YOUART. box 4&4J, Call
office. San Franclsco.
WIDOW. 56 years, would like to make the ac-
quaintance of a gentleman between IS and
65 year*- object matrimony ar.i a home; no
t-'fler*. Address with true narr.< and busi-
ness. MRS. A. A., bex 42C6. Call office.
YOUNG raan. age 25. in good financial con-
dition, temperate fcabits ar.d good character,
§w uld like to correspond w:th respectable
ycur.g lady cr widow; object matrimony.
Adire»s bex 4565. Call office.
GENTLEMAN cf 23 wishes to rr.ake the ac-
cualatance of ycu~g lady: from the country
rref erred; object matrimony. Address box
iZZJ. Call office.
iTi-TINED young lady desires assistance of
gentleman o' means; object matrimony. Box
JOHN L BOONE, Fatent Trademark
Attira^y at Law. ar.d Copyright
No IM'S-tter St., Lawg a Specialty,
fan Fr__cisco CaL American and Foreign
Fer.d fcr circular. Patents Solicited.
ANY cM thing calle-i "hair tonic cr hair re-
storer" is r.;t -hat you want, but a tonic
and restorer with ger."-ilrv» merit. The
Hair Remedy is g-_HJ"ar.te*<i to restore gray
hair to natural color; cure dandruff, eczema.
:t;h'.r.g scalp: grow new hair; makes the hair
bright an.l g!~«?y. LTUggists and hairdress-
ers take ro other\
LEI>ERER'S Qulr.tor.lca Is a perfect hair tonic.
Ssc tot.; Leierers Foamo ahampoo ha? no
equal, fe pkg: Lederer uses no other. 123 Slktn.
VItTIITY low. debilitated or exhausted cured
by Dr. K!ine> Inv!gorat!r_ Tonic: free $1
trial bottle. Dr. Kline's Institute. $31 Arch
st.. Philadelphia.; founded 1571.
LEDERER :s par excellence, the hairdresser of
Par. Francisco; latest styles only. 15c: mani-
cttriag. 25c: rr.a_Eagrtng. $1; rood switches. $1;
fine. SI 50: open 6un., 9 to 12 a. m. 123 Stktn.
A~FINK suit to order $10 75. or pants 13 75: our
st-ecialty ln remnants allows us to sell cheaper
than r-ady made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
bet 7:h tnd »th. prep. One-price Tailoring
Co.: ZZZ Kearay St.. near Sacto: also 1644 Mar-
ket 'st.. under St. Nlch. olas.
ROARS cf laughter; a hundred laughs in a
hundred minutes. Send 27c in stamr? to
FRUITVALE NOVELTY CO., Frultvale. i-
rr.i~l_ Co.. Ca!.. and receive in return a lull
set cf Filipino wrestler?.
REAL 3STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$6000— RENTS $720 PER ANNUM.
Three houses of 6 rooms and bath each and
lot; near Masca and Jackson streets.
$12,000.
Market st. : 60x115; 2 fiats of I rooma and bath
each: half of lot vacant; will soon be business
property.
I3OCO— RENTS $324 PER ANNUM.
Near Sth and Folsom sts.; 3 new Cats and
lot.
133C0-RENTS |432 PER ANNUM.
Near Ed and Howard sts.; 4 tenements ln
good i>rder; 2cxSo.
$10.6C>0— RENTS $1500 PER ANNUM.
Ellis st., only a few blocks from Market •_;
splendid investment and very cheap, as the
cvner is going to Europe; 3 flats and house;
27:6x:23; 2 frontages.
$2400— RENTS $278 PER ANNUM.
Broadway; 3 flats and lot; near Jones st.
IXOO.
EHegant park residence; 3 story and base-
ment xnodern residence and large lot; no rea-
sonable offer refused.
I7»J— RENTS $552 PER ANNUM.
Choice business corner; 3 stores with living
rooms and fiat of 6 rooms and bath; large lot.
112.500— RENTS $1200 PER ANNUM.
A fine brick investment near Kearny St.; lot
»CxS5 with an "L."
$4550. .
An elegaat modern 2-story and basement resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath, etc; will exchange
for Alameda property; 30x110.
$5125— RENTS $512 PER ANNUM.
Western Addition bargain; splendid Invest-
ment; 4 Cats and lot 30x75.
G_TRMAN BANK LOTS.
Near Waller and Steiner sts.; on easy terms;
only a few left.
14000— RENTS $360 PER ANNUM.
Bargain; Mission warm belt; 3 fine mod-
era flats and stable; brick foundation, etc;
2Cx112:6 to an alley.
$5125.
Plr.e st.; nearly new modern residence of t
rooms and bath, basement, etc aad lot.
$4000.
Corner lot on Harrison st.; 60x60; S frontages.
Choice list of building lots la every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Reoords," which contains a list of properties
for sale ln all parts of the city. v
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY. JANUARY 15, 1900,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
J. H. MEDAU ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Dolores ft., east line, 91:3 ft. north of !*th St.;
choice residence lot; 30:6x117:6; subject to coa-
Craiaticn by court.
Ft. H. MONCK ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
The two following properties, subject to coa-
flrmatton by the court:
No. 1.
1123-5-7-9 Folsom St.. southeast corner of Har-
rison aye.. between 7th and £th sts.; two two-
ttory houses of 6 rooms each; also store and flat
of 6 rooms adjoining ; rents $70 50 per month;
bcth streets accepted by the city; lot 00x75.
No. 2.
Prospect aye., northwest line, 105 ft. north-
east or Alabama St.; lot 25x100.
TURK STREET RESIDENCE.
1505 Turk st.. south line, near Pierce St.; cozy
bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath; nice
garden; brick foundation; stone walk, etc; lot
MISSION INVESTMENT.
—29-U-17 and IS 15th St.. 6outh llrw, near Noe
et. ; 4 bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms, bath
each; rents X* per month; brick foundation ;
stone wa'.k; street bitumlnized and accepted by
the city; lot £2x55.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
2530 McAllister st., north line, near Parker
aye.: bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 23xK»:S.
MISSION COTTAGE.
112 Vicksburg st. , west line, between Church
ar.d Sanchez. 23d and 24th sts.; bay-window
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
etc.; stable la rear for 3 horses; lot 25x117:6 to
a~iley.
MISSION COTTAGE.
4071 ISth st.. north line, near Castro St.; bay-
window cottage cf 5 rooms and bath; large
basement; let 30x75.
CHATTANOOGA STREET LOT.
Chattanooga st.. west line, 1&2 ft. aOrth of
22d St.; lot 2€x125.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Dolores, 25th and Fair Oaks sts.; 19 choioe
restdence lota, located in the warn belt of the
Mission; fine view; easy terms.
For further particulars arfl>" at our offlce.
(i 11. UMB»_-S & CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN <fc HOWELL,
10 MONGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$tSOO— Octavla, st., near Broadway; 2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:8;
rents $4S.
A CHOICE CORNER CLOSE TO TOWN.
14750— Page and Laguna sts.; 3SxS7:6: all
street work complete; a good corner for flats
and residences.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St., Treat
aye. 13th and 14tb sts., being offered in sub-
divisions. Call at office and get diagram; lUOO
and upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
$11.000— Half block la Richmond district;
fronting on Point Lobos aye. ; graded and street
work partly done.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$4200— Jackson st., near Mason. S flats, also a
2-story house of 10 roorr_; lot has 48 feet front-
age: rents lot.
I7oOO— Rltch St.; 10 tenants; rents $87 50; lot
60x75.
115.000— Offer wanted: big bargain: best part
of Valencia st. : rent IIOS per month; large lot,
65_S0 feet, with splendid Improvements; con-
sisting of stores and fiats.
WILL PAY 7 PER CENT NET.
Il2.JoO— Post st.. near Larkin; rents 130; lot
6OxS7:«; three 2-story houses.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$23,000— Choice piece of business property
north of Market St., and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy: Improvements consist of
stores and lodging-house above of 25 rooms;
rent $ISS.
CORNER LOT.
$17,500— 60- vara. Presidio Heights; fine marine
view.
$8000— Sacramento St., between Laguna and
Buchanan; 40x127 :SVi.
BALDWIN _: HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
JJ2S AND UPWARD— SELLING FAST.
On very e»*y payments: choice lots ln the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
ets.. Eighteenth and Ninteenth ayes. : right on
the Park and the new Nineteenth-aye. boule-
vard; a number of lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
building lots: all ready; lota on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent Interest only.
PRICES $525 UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS,
Money advanced for building purpeses; elec-
tric cars pass the property; gee this block at
once. Go to our branch office to-day, cor. H.
St. and Ninth aye.: price lists, etc., there or at
our office. BALDWIN &. HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.),
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
83x56— Cohen place, oft Ellis, W. of Le&ven-
worih: S modern flats.
S3xl37:S— Hayes St.. near Flllmore; 8 flats;
rent $S0; 113. £00.
2£xlOO— Van Ness aye., near Paelflo aye. ;
modern 12-room house.
50x75— Natoma, near Sth; 6 tenements; rents
$B<>: $7500.
25xS0— Fourth st.. near Harrison; store and
flat; $6SCO; sale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
bouses; rents (54; $S2£o.
H2:6x37:6xS7:t>— Corner Kearny aad Green-
wich: 10 2-story houses; rents ISO: 16000.
25x75 — Corner Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 3
flats: rents 137; $5000.
22x€S:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath: $4500. i
25x51:6— Twenty-third, near Dolores; J-story
bouse. C rooms and bath; $300 down; balance
sarr.e as rent; Interest 6 per cent; must be sold
to close an estate.
36x60— Guerrero St., near Nineteenth; cottage;
«TW.
25x&> — Diamond, near Twenty-fourth; cottage;
rent $15; $_>X\
ISxlOO— Lyon, near Geary, cottage; $2250.
25xU>— Eleventh aye., near Lake; new cot-
tage: $210).
23x50— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
75x137:6 — Corner Hampshire and Eighteenth.
6S:3xS7:6— Corner Flllmore and Green; MOOO.
15x100 — Florida st.. north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
240x150— Corner Thirty-fourth and A; $3500.
80x71:10— PE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
37 :4V.xl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
260x125— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
25xS0— Sanchez, near Twenty-seventh; 1700.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS _ SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
120,000— Stores and flats; Devlsadero St.; pay-
ing i per cent net; improving ln value for busi-
ness.
125,000— Page, near Market: large lot: rents
{1630 per annum; will Increase In value steadily.
%W>—Se-K flats: Clayton St., near Waller and
park; rents $600 per annum: easy terms.
|«o>o— Modern house; Gough St.; 8 rooms; fin- '
ished attic and basement; tiling, etc.; view of
tay
J7soO— Scott St., near Union; fine bay view;
8 rooms and attic: new.
Sl6.5OQ— Cor. Leavenworth _nd Sacramento; 3
houses; rent $1620 per annum: ensy terms.
J3ooo— House of 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: Twenty-third st., near Castro; fine view;
thW Is a bargain : In warm belt; make offer.
$3500— Flat: Clementina St., near Fifth; rents
REAL ESTATt: CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
63S Market street.
PAYS 17 PER CENT.
$2500— Rents $3« 50 per month; 1H btocks from
Third and Market sts.; on Natoma et.;
lot 30x75 feet.
EAST OF LARKIN ST.
$13,000— 0n Post st.; lot 60xS7:« feet; 3 houses of
7 rooms and bath; rents $10sO per annum.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS
$13,000— Rents $1C25 per annum; Stelr.er St.. near
Ellis; lot 50x90 feet; 6 modern fiats of •
and 7 rooms and bath.
$13,500— Rents $1260 per annum; lot 11x11") to rear
street; 3 modern flats of 8, 9 and 10
rooms and bath; Ellis st., near Laguna.
$13,000— Rents II3SS per annum; on Pine St.,
tear Stelner; lot EOxl27:C back to rear
ktreet; 6 fiats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath
on Pine it.; 4 flats on rear street, 3 and
4 rooms.
MISSION HOMES.
$2500— Chattanooga St., near Twenty-«econd: lot
25x117:6 feet back to rear street; cottage 5
room* and bath; stable; rented for $17
per month; mortgage $1500 can remain.
$3000— Lexington aye., near Twenty-first st.;
bouse 6 rooms and bath and basement;
rents $18 per month; $1700 mortgage can
remain.
$2500— Near Seventeenth and Market sta.: ele-
gant, new modern house of ( rooms and
bath; lot 24:8x125 feet: $1200 bank mort-
gage can remain.
RICHMOND LOTS.
SNAP.
$SSO— $450 bank mortgage can remain; on Second
aye., nr. Point Lobos aye.; lot 25x120 feet.
$1100— S.E. cor. CaJifotxia st. and Eighteenth
aye.; lot 53:4x94 feet.
AT AUCTION.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
Ten elegant lots on Jackson. Larktn and Pa-
cific sts., among beautiful hlgh-rentir.g flats;
with modern improvements would pay b!g in-
terest on money invested; streets bitumlnized;
cement walks.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE SITE.
On Vallejo St.. near Laguna; elegaat marine
view, unobstructed; among beautiful resi-
dences; come ln and make an offer.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 9. 1900.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63$ Market street.
_______________
1(W MONTGOMERY STREET.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
On sunny side of street, in Presidio H«lghts;
fine 2-story residence of 12 rooms; lot .T:6_
127 :S; price $7500.
Residence of 12 rooms oa Gough St., near
Broadway, with finished basement, heater, etc.;
price $50)0.
Residence of 13 rooms In Pacific Heights; fine
marine view; lot 33:10x137:6; price $13,00"}.
Seven-room residence on Webster st.; runny
and comfortable; only $55(0.
FLATS.
Three fine fiats ln panhandle district; always
rented at $&0 monthly; lot 25x112:*; price $3000.
Three flats fronting on panhandle; rent $55;
lot 25x137:6; price 15750.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Store and 3 fiats; rents $33. $50 per month;
must be sold Immediately; reduced to $3250.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our list of cotta_es in all parts of
the Mission: from $1750 upward; easy terms if
desired.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Two fine lots on Seventh aye., near park;
level lots; very cheap at $750 each.
Two lots on Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard; Six
120; only $575.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
¦ ¦ ¦ ,1,
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery st., S. F.
___________________ ..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
US MONTGOMERY ST.
15250 — Grove St.. near Van Ness aye. ; fine 2-
story bay-window house, 8 rooms and bath; lot
27:«x65:3; very cheap.
$3550— Page st.. n*ar Ashbury: sunny side;
nice cotta_e. C rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
actually - >rth $U00; a bargain.
REAL ESTATE — COI'XTRV — For Sale
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
cisco property, fruit ranch IC2 acres; value
$SOOO. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsoavllle.
YES. 13 per acre up; farm list; free fare. M.
GRIFFEN. 719 Market st, near Call building.
MILLBRAE lets and blocks: fenced; water
work*. BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market st.
KOO_l_ _*OK MOL-l-lv. _i__*l.~<_.
A — 2 LARGE sunny front rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; folding beds; $¦$ per
month. $J per week: furniture all new. Apply
at shoe store. M 2 Mission st., bet. First and
Second sts^
BUSH. 2526— Tw0 sunny front rooms; furnished
for light, housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 2525— Sunny parlors; rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; bath; reason-
able. private family: references.
CLAY. J421. near FUlmore— 2 large uafuralsaed
rooms; yard: water; rear; rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and rubscrtptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 Flllmore st.
FOURTH, 22S — Nice fiwit room, suitable for
light housekeeping; also single.
FULTON. 121^—2 front sunny rooms; range;
water: large yard; IS to $10.
GOLDEN GATE. 1410— Finely furnished floor:
complete; sun; bath; yard.
HARRISON. 7544. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest lmprove-
ments; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD, 535— Two well lighted unfurnished
rooms and basement, suitable for man and
wife; 15: la rear.
HOWARD, 534--Sunny suite, complete house-
keeping. $1?; large rooms. $3 a week.
HYDE. 40S— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms,
basement; also single.
JUNIPER. 44, off Folsom. near Eleventh, la
reai" — Sunny rooms: rent $4 50.
MCALLISTER. 570— Private family: newly fur-
nished sunny front room for gentleman.
MISSION, 565— 2 neat coanecting rooms for
housekeeping; furnished complete.
NATOMA. Cf— Rocms fcr housekeeping: 2 fur-
nlshed housekeeping rms.. $3 mo.: no chl'.drea.
I POST. 972— Four furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; call 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p. m.
STEVENSON. 542. bet. 7th and Bth. above Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner 7th and Market, and In
sight of the new Postofflce— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath; central.
THREE furnished rooms; $13; stove, 13 Lewis,
off Taylor, near Post.
TURK. E24. near Larkln— Sunny parlor floor; 6
rooms: bath: housekeeping; $20 unfurnished.
TWELFTH. 12— Sunny front rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 49—2 sunny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping. $19.
TWELFTH. 145— 2 cr 3 sunay rooms; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
WASHINGTON, CO— 3 rooms for housekeeping;
single housekeeping rooms. 15 p«r month.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception cf adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
ROO9IS TO LET — Forn. and tnfurn.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 145 Sixth— Rooms
23c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all eight.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 5Cc to $1 SO day. MRS. J. KING.
AUSTIN aye.. IC2, near Polk st.— Large suaay
front room; furnished.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists: elevator; all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 13*4)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 331H— Nice sunny rooms to rent, from
II 25 up to 12 per week.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sur.ny rooms; 1 cr X gen-
tlemen: breakfast If desired; private family;
references.
CARROLTON, 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well fura. ; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertis^-ienta and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
BORROW on niancs. furniture, diamonds.
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a-.
: EDDY. ilo— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, from
j IS to 115. to gentlemen.
| FIFTEENTH. 1570, near Mission— Furnished
i rooms to rent.
i ______________________—_——-—. — — — — — — -
j FULTON. 116— Suany furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
i GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MR3. H. HYER.
SPECIAL XOTICESU
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1. IS)*, to Decem-
ber 31. 1539: Arthur Var.ier. 5 years: Charles
Vanler. 3: Frank Cryne. 4: Mary Canessa. 54:
Peter Canessa, 3%*: Joseph Burns. 3 5-«: Ger-
tie McLoughtin. 3 5-«: Pauline Smith. 5: Isa-
bel Smith. 2; Peter Rellly, 5: Gertie Bergli.
1: Christine Barnes. 2' s ; Fred Wilkle. 3;-
Frank Magulre, 2 5-12: Mary Mulcahy. 3: Aa-
nlta Greenwood. 2: Laurence Rank, m: John
Bergin. 3: Francis TaranUao. 3: William Mof-
*fatt «; Mary McCleilan. «: Fred Suli, I'j:
Charles S>ui_, 1 1-J; Rose Herbert. S.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria K!3
Orphanage of 5?) Lake st. has received th_
followlng orphan, half-orphan and aban-
doned gtrla from October 1, 1333. to January
1. 13C0: Nettie Moore, aged 12 years: Cecil*
H. Williamson, aged II years; Irene Benaet.
aged 11 years: Vera C. Faber. aged • years;
Georgle C. Faber. aged 4 years: Bessie I.
Lee. aged 7 years; Mabel J. Lee, aged & years:
Frances M. Kane, aged 2 years: Emlty Johns-
ton, aged S years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
IS months.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pllis
are the best: safe, reliable I take no other;
•end 4c stamp* for particulars. "Relief for
Ladlea." In letter by return call: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhUadel.. Pa.
DAWSON— Prtvats mall leaves Saa Francisco
Jar. 14. and letters will be delivered In person
at $1 r»er letter if left with HOWARD. 101 St.
Ann* building. * Ediy »_
ROOMS papered from X: whitened. $1 W.
painting dona. Hartman Paint Co.. $19 Third.
BAD tenants ejected t*r $4: collections made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4IS M— it_-»menr rt.. r*«»m!i 9-10: t>l. ~ff».
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned Toe: sruaranteed 1 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Prttrnl ro.. Mft K»*rny
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEPA BE.U. ESTATE.
11450— LOT 26-125 ; cottage S rocms aad bath:
street work done; easy terms.
$2200— Let 50x145: fine cottage: I large rooms
and bath; worth $3500; enly $100 cash, balance
I?) per month; great snap.
!.?¦¦• — Lrt * v.:--: Morton St.. betweea rail-
roads: near station and school; haadsome aew
cottage of 7 rooms aad bath; $3JO aad J_s per
month.
ItiiO— Lot 13x120: I-story house of I rooms and
bath: Alameda aye.. Bear Mortoa-rt. station;
ea»y terms.
13 v— 1.-t 49x120; fine aaw 2-story house. 1
rooms and bath: Morton st.. near stations aad
schools; $350 cash, balance $30 per mcath.
$3#-<*— Lot 75x150; on main aveaoe: eottag*
8 rooms and bath; great bargain.
I Houses to let ta all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL * CO..
1432 Park st.. Alameda, CaL
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Lasi
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
In Ber_»!ey— Comer lot STxUQ, with esodsra
hcuse cf. 9 rooms.
j A HOME— Send desertptloa. condition aad loca-
tifvn: I will find you one. A. R. DENSE Sr..
t 1480 Webster st.. Alameda.
j 12500 — FINE r?w modem house T rooms; choice
j let. J. H. YOUNO. 1241 Park St.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FBCTTYAIJE HEAL ESTATE.
FRnTVALE.
SNAPS FOR THIS WEEK ON"_Y.
COME OUT TO-DAY AND SEE THEM
$3SO-Lot SOxlTO; 1400— lot lOOxlS: best location*
ln Fruirvale.
tlXO— $14 per month: 4 rooms, high, basemest:
lot JOxlSO: well, pump; fine place for chickeaji
11200 — 117 per month: 6 rooms; well, pump; lot
45x153; close to car: new.
$1800— 9 rooms: tath; stable: high basement:
lot fenced and 100x150; fruit trees; cloee to ears;
will take lot as part pay on any above.
See us for bargains la Saa Fraaclaco. Oak-
land or Berkeley.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPA-TT.
Fruitvale office one-half block from station.
City offlce 212 Sar.snrae St.. room &.
Any day after 12. I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. E. BUNCE. 90« Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Sound aad Safe lavestments.
HSoo— a-room house Bear college; lot SC&_3
»-rooc_ house; new; lot 190a_t_9 feet: Bust be
sold withla five days.
$1300— New house of i rooms; lot t0zl» feet:
one-half cash.
12500— Lot l.vxl-3 fe«t; with alee cottage; raust
be sold within 10 days.
fNEW sr.l se-cr.'l-hajid *!ot machines bvoght \
tr.d «:id. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market si. j
• LUIGI RICCA" fan-.ous Ita'.ian n^ar.iolln at a
bargain. Plaza Loan effioe. 7:2 Kearr.y st.
NEW etvle flrger eewi_g machines; I drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1?:5 Mission, nr. Uth.
SECOND-HAND machinery, t'.ectrlcal euppllet,
t-ctlers ar.d ergine?. H. S. White, lit Mission.
3CYfI *«rUs rents (rear tnachinery. botler*.
-_ter pipe, new. :_-har.d. Whltelaw.2l6 £pear.
fTfTS- New ar.d secend-hir.-. THE HER- I
MANN SAFE «X> . 4!T-4'l Parramento tt.
MISCGLLA\EOIS WAXTB.
•- ;HEST price ra:-l fcr ell kinds of curios
l:.l Ptlllpji-e r.H-s. 11l Pupo_t. cr. Cailf.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. tH
"V'.ien G-te aye.
_/;T cf eld windows and ts_k closets; must be
cheap. Adi*re»« bex 13?4. C_:i cfflce.
HOXEY TO LOA-C.
AVOID delays; try all rthers. then see me; 150
to J100.000: • per cent; lit, 2d or chattel mort-
t _*ts. estates in prubate. undlrtied interest* ln
?-••lutes, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
_nd money furnished. P. A. Dola-t. C 2 Marked
liKSPECTABLE. re_pon«lble. reliable nwmey
leading bouse; lowest rates; established
KS3: cur own fireoroof bulldln*; ortvate ea-
tr__ce; private ro-iaa. UNCLE HARRIS. U
Orar.t aye. ______
. • L/Y~r«j*c_,b!e private place to obtain
liberal advance* en dia_rior.d_. Jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Ftcre. »4? MarkH
tt : t«-l. Main 1644. Branch 14 Third st.
ANY _mour.t at C j«r cent; Ist. 24 and 31 tiort-
F_gi-s. undivided interact, real estate in pro-
tit* ¦ mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay-get my terms before dclr.g business else-
¦ her*. R. McCOLGAN. 14 Montgurr.ery. r. 3.
ANY propc-Stion. acy amcunt; « per c«ti first.
»- -A mortgages, estates ln probate, interest
::. n>'.ates, legacies, life Insurance; ci-ittel
rr.crucsges; ccnfi<ier.t!_J; a-lvice free. O. Ei.
rocia I*. first floor. Cfcronicle bldg.
ON r»_: estate. l_t or __J _i'rtg_ges, and ca
foreitsrc cr planes: no — raoval: any amount :
lowest rates. BECKER. 2« i-O-tgomery St.
" -T r ":_b!e 4- lace tc b^rr^w en diamonds. -
watches. ;»welry. W. J. L'ESTHAL, Id Sixth;
-r-r-. mc*« for old jold Mlv?r. d'.s-ior.ds.
ANY _rr.ju_t by private party ca furniture anl
pianos ro removal- low r*t>«; confidential.
HONEX.-.1. C<T.s*n-a-or- Md>. W> Powell pX.
AT 1.6 Ke_rr.y. r_i. 9, respectable private place
to borr-w ca watches, diamonds; loweat
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis MS.
ON furr.lture and planes without removal, quick
eervtce; money direct; lowest interest: Rooms
«i and a. L>cnohoe building. H7i Market st.
CAFH loaned to salaried people on not* without
lr.dor-er. JIORRELU tO9 Exarr.in-r bull_:.~g.
TO i«_n»a rr.e_; without collateral or indor»er.
_. F. Lnecoust Agency. 143 Phelan -Ulldlng.
XV> TO tx.onrj; iowetT rates; Ist and 2- mcrtgs.;
any premonition. LtRTDEN. 413 ilcatgoingry.
ON 'urciiure, plsnos. without rtooval: »o
cot-Tr.lfcsion: pr.vate. LICK, nt McAllUter tt.
IF your rrcperty Is m^rtgagei and you need
rr.cr> r-. r.>y t» II MI.'KPHT. o*j Market it.
MO.\EY WANTED.
WANTED — $2000 on first mortgage. Address
box 15a«. r-a.ii office.
MCSICAL IASTfICME.fTS.
AGAIN we rem'.nS yoo that you should pur-
cta»e your medium ana lew-priced planes
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and _aye full pur=bi*e
:>¦ - allowed. We are aeiling new upright
riaora for $6 per mcr.th. sr.d some good pianos
tor n. U and »6 per month. -HERMAN.
f'I.AY A. CO.. Stein w»y De_>r». ccr. Kearcy
en_ Butter sts.. _an Francisco; ccr. Thlr-
teenth and Brcadwav. Oakland.
V."HT buy a eheap-grafle piano when you can
tri a fiae •'Baby Decker for t22£. paying 110
;*r ir.'.r.'.h, 1! yju wail u>. at MACVAIS". ',t>
Market rt.
GREAT barr_ins la new aad eecond-hand pi-
fc-ca at MATJVAIS'. 7CS Market et.
ABgOLUTELT the eldest and largest hoase
west of Chicago la KOHLER * CHASE'S.
Si. I* and 13 O' Farrell at. ; piaaoa, cr « _r.» and
all cth»r rr.u«ic4il instruments of all grades
aad rtrtces; terras easy; prices loweat; every-
thing possible <ic_e to please aad satufy the
c-j_ttrr.er.
AIX. makes *cr _ short time only.
*4.* J . U. 14. 14 14 per menth.
2 O»ick*rir.g». i _telnwa.y_, l Vose * Boas aad
f ' other ellgntly tmed high and medium grade
pianos: «j»rial discounts for cash.
UELNE PIA-NO ISTO. CO., 1M EHla st.
LADIES— It will be to your advantajre to con-
eu'.t Mrr.e. Fisher concerning your face; con-
sultation and one treatnvent free. 13 Powell. '
RAG can*t« wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, sllk portieres; dealer in >
carret twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. TM Fifth. Oakland, j
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 10
years" exr-ertence; confidential. J. B. RAY,
113 Eddy st.
; '"^AIR Doctor's Remedy" prevents, corrects.
KTE^TEH. specialist. N. G. depot. Oakland;
details, -tamp.
I FOR ten _ayg. phctos given Baxter can be re-
covered. Address 104 Ninth st.
FOR sa!» — Good driving horse and buggy; bar-
gain. N. E. cor. Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any «ty!e. DAMITRES BAHObl?'. 27 Ninth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market: 10u rooms:
2ic to $1 M per eight; $1 50 to 16 per week;
free 'bus and barrage to ar.d from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
t-mere- trake-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 723 Market St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call en H. COHEN. IS7 Third st.
OOLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, oil gold; send for him. UA Kearny.
BEST price for cast-eff clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third st. ; ?«nd postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuTg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. J4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERINO corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden, Oakland.
CLAS C IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. T.'A Fill more st.
HEAL ESTATE CITV — FOP. SALE, j
MADISON 4: BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
€26 Market tu. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1555.
Downtown laveetiaent— First block on Ellis
st.: will pay 7 per cent.
117 000— Fultoa st.. bet. Polk and Vaa Ness
aye. ; lot 60x120 to Ash aye.
Jssoo— Eutter st.. near Lag_na: I rooms and
bath; lot 20:!xSS.
tjoOO— Baker st.. near Sacramento; I rooms
»cd bath: la perfect order; 25:6x102:8.
Must be sold— Shotwe'.l st.. near Sixteenth;
rest $40; Brtce only $2100.
13760— Twenty-seventh st.. near Dolores; 11
rooms; 2 baths; lot t&xlU.
13000— Silver st-, near Second ; two houses in
Oats: rents $?7; lot 12x70.
12500— Sheridan it-, near Tenth and Harrison;
flats: well reated; lot S-xIOO.
•JOOO— Glover st-. near Joaea and Broadway;
2 fiats: rent $24; let 13x60.
Castro St.. n»ar Twenty-first— Fine residence;
g room" ar.d bath: new and modern; 25x105:
price only $4-50.
$4250— Octavla rt., near Halght: aa elegant
lot tor modern flats; 37:6x57:5.
$2200— Twenty-second St., cor. York; EOxlOO;
cottage, 4 rooms.
$J.V)o— Greenwich St.. bet. Stockton aad Pow-
ell: good house and lot 25:9x1&0.
MADISON _• BURKE.
e36 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine at..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
!?« OOi?; reduced from $37.£00— Excellent corner
property en Turk St.. east of Larkln; «7:«xS7:«.
110.000— A splendid bay window; two flats of
< and 1 rooms and bath on Turk street, near
Laricin. lot 2£xl37:f.
t^jfo—A 3-flat house of « and 7 rooms oa the
Panhandle: Urge lot: fine buy.
127 600— A fine corner property or. Turk st., !n-
sjj-'i'f Larkln et. ; well Improved.
,*•-. «ry> -A fine business property ln a central
business location, paying 9 per cent per annum
on the price asked.
jeyo—Anotber piece of boßlness property on
Geary at.: a J-story bouse of store and flats:
r"_s</!0r "_5</!0— Double flat en Frederick st., near Park
entrance: I and * rooms; rent $50.
$30. 00 ft— Taylor at., one block from Market; a
fll I2S E/^Market at., near Haight.
J^'OOO— a dead bargain: on Lerkln St.. near
Geary: rent $ISS; atorea and flats; lot 47:6x137.
M7E*— LOT and J-«tory brick house; sunny side
South Park, near Third st. ; S rooms; also
large shop in rear yard. By WM. HEN-
PKICKSOX * CO.. 614 Call bulldlnz.
41 KEIi-T on O'Farrell St.. near Mas^n: flae
location- Apply to CO_"FEY. HUGHES &
lIEKBST. 630 Market ft. >
FOR SALE BY J430 per annum; good Investment. $2500— Lot; Devlsadero st., near McAllister;
BURNHAM Si. MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st. 12600— Cor. Fifteenth, near Valencia; chotce 25x137:6.
for flats; light for every room. Other bargains. Several choice Investments In
HERE'S A BARGAIN. 520.-Q— Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay- nat g in Western Addition. Call at our offlce
RENT 1120. lor et. : very cheap: will double your money. toT n 3t>
112 500—Few feet from panhandle extension; 4 |lseo— LoU S. slda Chestnut St., near Stockton;
2-s-ory houses of 7 rocms and bath each; brick street accepted; very cheap. $6;O— LEVEL building lot ZZxSo: Western Addl-
fourdation iron fences, etc.; could not be built HAWKS A SKELTON. tion. near Scott and Union: big bargain. W. ;
for V BOO; WOd »• large lot; with street and side- 321 Montgomery st. t F. McCLURE. 11 Montgomery st.
£*3fteawasMa^iK st = ~ «--»--- r ., „,, & ;
_ays cni>. gOL GET - & BROTHER, CLURE. 11 Montgomery st.
RARE CIIANCE-A CHEAP HOME ROOM ••A.'-CROCKER BUILDING. -„--.. nou . e , ot „_„,. ftwt _. orst <_._ ;
r^e^^T^To^x^l^taWaf 0^ HEADQUARTERS_FOR PARK _/DTS. &£ jg^rF™* o*"*0 *"* S " th *** *"""*"• \
Sutter st. -^ __„ doubt tne prosperity of San Francisco — ~~~ ;
12 PER CENT INVESTMENT. now? PARK LOTS. SUNSET HEIGHTS.
RENT Ji7 10 A MONTH. ..„..,... _-_.-__ _ vn -?_ ~ Block facing Golden Gate Park, between H
$CMO-Only $2000 cash required, balance 6 per OLR BARGAINS IN SUBSET AND KU.TI- a _ d j gtrms> Eleventh and Twelfth ayes.
cent., for 3 elegant flats, close to Geary and Already ten houses buijt on this block.
Taylor sts. *ttO-9th aye.. bet. M and N sts.; graded and One - uarter W c^ s _ : N ba!_n<^ m^n^thly.
"?W&S:^f^^SSS& Be .^h aye.. bet. X and L.t,; graded and „ Mon^ onler - ?. „£ £ j
rented low at $C 7 10 a_mcnt_. . ¦*«*£!«_ and 9th aye... bet. J and X .U.; yicth aye : .
K'-A-Pp-ts «75- rrocerv corner and 2 flats- craded ar.d sewered. C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
clfse^. «Te_ac_. ' «»» $400-Near 13th-ave. boule^rd. oppo- Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
site Strawberry Hill. — —
nftwvTf.wv vr ats Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
i«E«i_R_r^!^r-'O a n^orth^lst o' Polk a_- 1400-CLEMENT ST.. NEAR 22D AYE. and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$15,600— Rent Jl— -0 a nior.tn, ea_t o» folk et-; tcsrt— llth aye near Point Lobos aye and
large lot. 27;£xl_i to raar atxeet. _-2ie7ara- _raded 11600-North line Carl st.. near Etanyan; 23x
ANOTHER 12 PER CENT INVESTMENT. *™ to UM-CtiAce»t lota; east cf 12th aye. iTr.t feet. .
K6sO— Only t3-.wca.«h: rent 153 a month; prom- „. «->rrt_T>.T-»l- (Wtn rv-.ulovaM mnA VI.. H. MURPHY. 630 Market Bt., makes loans on
laent O-Farrall-a- cora^ j£» ;^f^^__ir^^Tib!- l-^ second mortgages. Interest. In estate*, etc ,
BUSINESS PROPFRTT stallments. n # MURPHY, 630 Market St.. makes loans oa :
JSIOO-Folsom si. near Sixth; to 'rear street; Bu _ aay and brancn offlc# . , th second mortgages. Interests In estates, etc
rent j». aye _ j£ gt> NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
rnrv- .1- Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght: over $0 .
rTip.prcT m-Tf.-CTHP Pivtiivnr." Call for Maos and Dlarramt. houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by ;
S^f-fly w^rTh°l^1 E __;^2 J _!_? I SS, BOL GETZ & BR^L HER - <***« bW *' F. NELSON, builder.
Jot. IiURNHAM _: SIARSH CO. FORECLOSURE sale— $2000; two choice flats of
20 Montgomery st. 6 rooms each, renting for $IS. At 110 Valley
¦ ANNUAL REDUCTION BALE. St.. near Noe. or SPECK &. CO.. 687 Market.
V K 7^°l''J a J'^ t l^ tXt a Sown mm FOR sale-Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
$87SO-RENT $75; all rented; on Eighteenth St.; ™°"f h , B J f"'wUh__n_i_r-_? or tax-_^ late9t traprovements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
2--tGry» building: contains 6 flats; lot £0x90; m », n^_i y » > n^'^in _ye Ilevmnn" Tract- IS Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
„„,. wr.T-v rf->no- ¦< fln» intsrsar mvinv ->n-_ ll&O— On Lincoln a%e., ii»ymnn xract, lo __________-__—--__—__-——__—————___—
erty at -grea? sacrifice S P down and $2 50 monthly: no Interest. FIRST-CLASS business lot: cheap If sold this
cn> _*. - _ t c_ t -»«-""^--- Oo out and Bee the new e-room and bath week. Box 1553. Call offlce.
tic vrfv—rtp-t ff- '-t iiitv-*- ~iii« m* n_«. house, nearly finished, on Hoffman a\-e.. Hey- ,
£H^' f ' '^^ l *'-' ™&&ZZ \^^S^&S^B <%l HEAL KSTATB-COU^TUV-Fo. S.le
"~ I~Jl«vuI ~ Jl « vu money; make a good start for tha new year , -- -^ .
$_t.BOO-Lot 60x90 on good street, east of Lar- f" d th ?™J " ff *s€_Sfi5 € _Sfii n i__rti__| l as? 11 ° rd ' ANNOUNCEMENT.
ir<- »,,..,)• n * C'lft^r in — vi-inir A\*r~i~f i~ to the ofuce ana get al iparticuiars. ¦
p«veme_ls reft for $»; STrSted! ' JACOB HEYMAN. moved to 117 Sutter st. We desire to call the attention of Intending
— _______——————————— — —————————————— buyers of countrj- lands to gome bargains in in-
s4o.ooo-We have large piece cf land In whole- .JF^W-Kf ji^ms'^rh^.n*-^ 6 /^ TOme Producing orchards, vineyard grain and
sale district near First St.; have splendid ten- b^°" • '. .t «r rSI? Btoclt farms - ma _ y °X whlc , h *1? b .. Bk n for _"
_nt tar iO-ve_x leasa If bulldln* were •r«'t»rf- condition; 65:9x137.6, on cnestnut St., €8 feet c i osure . that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush.
"uld paie^r SS netTmOM «Sy^l__sf__d TUll^^ hk'^ -ad 40 years' knowledge and experience
pays cost of new building; plans at offlce J3oc<): lU j. e lnBure<l ** H?«S*ii f P, rl il"- Tltle In " of the value of lands and being the owner of
pays co-it»i t» new -uii-i__. i.i__» _i omce. surance Company. S. PL CAST 11 Montgomery. mci nc0 me-productng orchard and vineyard, caa
12500-Hayes St.. bet. Baker and Broderick; 100 ACRES of choice garden land to lease for } nte i" Be^ ll Lf^* l ?"fhi n | t lJi >rei cJii
35x100; cheap lot. Bunny slda of street. a term of years; very cheap; on the Mission lands and r - olns ln the state - CaU or wrlte
__ ._— _ road, near Colma. S. DUCAS. n Montgomery. tor what yoa want - - „ T V n«-v * ro
$4000— WeetM-n Addttloa cottage; Laurel st.. . ¦ — G - H. LMBStN & CO.,
dose to Sacramento: good cottage. 7 rooms, A. M. SPECK * CO. 667 MARKET ST. David Bush. Manager Country Department.
bath, etc; high basement; can be made Into ALL GENUINE BARGAINS. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
fiats at small expense; would pay well: lot 25x A-$14O,0O0; grand buy: near Chronicle; rents A .. SNA P"-Go and Inspect to-day; best offer
— LVOV _ HOAG S7§&, : Wnt " I4o °° r """' S?IW •i-SV arut thI lH e _7r aca c. nt ri h er S le^ d
IKOO-FOLSOM St., near Twenty-third; anxious a-$45 MO- rents $40ii0 per year- Slxth-st cor dence of 6 ™> otnß - bath and basement; barn.
to sell: 9 rooms aad bath. A— Ml W0 : business property rents l_SO- new poultry houses and yards; abundance of fine
$3H>o_Co«t $3*»: 2 fiats: Church st.. near balding DUBlnese P—"~-7. renu KBO. new t^. r , oed everjrwhere: Vernon station, on
Twenty-third; rents $30; a bargain; runs to 000- rents $200* new- all rented Leona Heights electric line. Is on the place;
alley in rear. A-$15!sO0: rents $135; corner on Leavenworth thickly settled and desirable portion of Fruit-
12250— t r.ats; California aye., near Mlsslon-st. st ¦ rnortease 112 000. vale, near Haywards electric line; cheap at
carhouse: owner wanu to sell; has to go away. a-112.500: rents $100; business property; near $ 25(j0 - wb9t *"l yol i.£ l I v - e V .x--. .^^-^
$ISCA-Mu« be sold; cost $2700; cottage in Mis- Hale's ttore. '' N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT,
sion: Twenty-sixth st.. near No«; close to cars; A— s7soo; rents $75; t elegant flats- or Halght. 10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle building. S. F.
5 [iToo^rner^Twenty-slxth and Diamond sts.; fr-SSI S«j CaTfornfa'stTs X flaU J^A.VOTHER snap bargain : 32, acr«;
ESxSO; offer wanted: ready for building. ¦ — — Monterey County, fine stock ranch, controls
JW cash, balance $10 per month-Fine lot. BUSINESS CORNER WOO acres f«e range; 6 rnUes of fenctng:
ready f^r building: Twenty-fourth aye near FOR SALE abundance of water: hous?. barn and ou tbulld-
Clem-ntit. : low D rtc-. • 7™™ * Ye - nW WESTERN ADDITION, one block of Fill- «ns«: ™S™ an<l a " f "™^f tools ««
McITWEN BROS., US Montgomery it. more st.. to settle an estate I will sell this ¦* l f^ v 2_' y P™ c ,^ l r_fw2 r^uAtv 41 _/•«.« hn»
— . — comer very cheap for quick sale. Address box $1600—60 acres in Lake County. 40 acres bot-
112 B0 A MONTH 112 60 A MONTH 251«. Call offlce. torn land; 10 acres alfalfa; 4 acres bearing
Buys a new 4-roora and bath cottajte and : ¦ orchard: 6-room house: large barn and out-
level lot near Mission st. and Crescent aye.: $* o< ' o *"°R an excellent northwest corner on buildings; windmill and tank; water piped all
bay window and all the latest Improvements; Dolores st.. 1 block from the proposed Park over.
a flee chance for a home. Panhandle: worth at least I4JOO to-day; see- $11 per acre: 320 acres: Calaveras County: J75
OSCAR HETMAN M Pc*t et. i~K l» believing; investigate this and be con- acres tillable land: 1500 vines, 400 fruit trees;
vlnced. Address Owner. abundance of water: R. R. runs past the ranch.
MANY A MAN HAS PAID B. M. GRAY C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6.
.-AT B --mJ_^_^ST-u I__s'i-nr-Br..I __5 'i-nr-Br.. arsa,-.
sis __bHs_?™£H3e~s_ •"' «s»?"»£?'-i..s? .'s ;^',^%-x sri.Tff.-orS-.' ?.v ss^-"i_r'_
aye and EMzabeth st and look _t the n,w wm-et. electric cars; Spring Valley water: electric car; place was sold when only It
Vt-it i-r.i_^cottages T? cv are y oun foT « le<l sln * and "t-«onary wash tub.: absolute years old for $17,000; It is now 12 years old
voSr rer/money sacrifice. Apply to Owner. 1225 Cortland aye and I will give a snap; will sacrifice If sold
your rent mo ™(- „ — . immediately at small price of $10,000.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. 11200-NEW cottage; four or six rooms and ~v GEO. B. M. GRAY.
" : —HI ~ bath; tank closet; tiled sink and stationary 454 Ninth St., Oakland.
T>kx>tr w__ T»_rV i/rt« wash trays; one to eight lots, near Mission : r — ~
PARK lots-Park lota. _ nfl mh . - . you buy abBOlut ,, y fOf J™ MARIN Co.: tt mile* from S. F.-$40.t0 m
Tvit. n«_r the Park tninr no fast- ?>»_ *__¦ « n t money; $10 to $12 monthly: take eour- per acre; choice lands ln tracts of all sUes;
plnhlndl? will^surely X the meaSs of^lsnT **•• ** '«•••• *-d your own landlord. P. a. improved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain.
p^erdonT I wXcalYo?%eirr_t oon0 on« 9t for EOLAN. 632 Market st., upstair,, to the right. Jru^and jterm-- »«
price list; we have the cheapest l#.ts ln the dis- useo— IF you want a fine home for little money FARM CO.. room 2. Bth floor. Mills bldg., S.*F.
1275—125 cash. $5 monthly: 25x130. south of _2nce" onf CTerae'nt' st.*_nd t n_ n ave?° Olal r ' Sl " SANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farmtn* and
the Park, on Tenth aye ISSCO— Aa ele_ant 9-room modern residence. stock lands; owner's sale ln tracts of sto SCO
|<?75— *S© cash. ?10 monthly. Ninth aye., near e \ orm t0 q. o. Park: will take in part Day- acres: easy terms, or will exchange for San
J Ft.; 25x120; fine "lews. ment a --^ but idlng lot. Franci<«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
SCBO— Cheap corner. 25x107:6: e«*y terms; JEROME BNGLJSH. 11 Montgomery st. LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
Tenth aye., south of Park. . z. _, between 11 a. m. aad 2p. m. dally.
1750 each— 2 lots on Point Loboa aye. : 25x100 $7500— MODERN S-room residence, with or with- ::
each: $10 monthly. out furniture. Inquire 1006 Leavenworth St.. FOR sale— Small chicken place, near Berkeley.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery it. near California. . Box 4561. Call offlce.
GIRARD House, I*2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 615— Newly furnished.
sunny rooms, scrupulously clean, from $S up;
fine alcove room with running water: no sign.
GOUGH. 5+7. near Fulton— Sing!* and double
rooma, furnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, ea suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elsvator.
HAIGHT. 100— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable fcr one or two gentlemen.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: II 50 to U per week.
HOWARD. 71S— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 82»-Clean. respectable: 25c-ll per
night; 4-$3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HOWARD. 1072— Furnished room to let In pri-
vate house: $5 per month.
HOWARD. 11SS— Newly furnished front rooms
with gas and running water; also single rms.
MINNA. 567. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 654— Single furnished rooms; $• per
month.
MISSION. 1739—3 sunny-side rooms; coal range;
bath; modern $13.
NATOMA. 13124— Sunny room for elderly gen-
tleman; good home for right party.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
35c day up: $2 week up; transient.
NE. cor. Howard and Main— Two new furnished
sunny rooms: bath; 15 month.
O'FARRELL 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. ma
O'FARRELL. 604— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
sonable: to gentlemen.
POLK. 1012— Large sunny alcove room, P per
month; cleasant room IS.
ROSE DALE. 321 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25c a night; II a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 12S Ellis at.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
Icr; rooms, per night. 35c to- II 50; week. Bto
IS; month. $8 to $30; elevator 00 office floor;
rooms wtth hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. 2002, cor. Flllmore— l bay-wladow
parlor suite, grata and mirror mantel; %lso 2
front single rooms, suitable for light house-
keeping, la modern s_aay Cat; house newly
furr.lfhed.
TAYLOR. 514— Single room, suitable for gea-
tleman. $t month. .
TEHAMA, 104— Front sunny room; rent rea-
sonable.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. 255 A —Sunny furnished single room* to
let, cheap.
VALENCIA, 514>4. near Sixteenth— Front sunny
room; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. SOS— Elegant suites, slagls
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist. ,
VAN NESS aye.. 402— Well-furnished sunny np-
per room: closet, bath: board optional.
WILLOW aye.. 30— Large alcove room; also ad-
joining rooms and bath.
A BRANCH office for the receptloa of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk «. : open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements sad
subscriptions has been established at ICH Va-
lencia st. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b«en established at the
northwest corner nf Twenty-second aad Ken-
turkv st».: r-p>n til) 9 n. m.
ROOMS WASTED.
GENTLEMAN wishes furnished room, with
music and refined social surroundings. Box
4254. Call office.
GENTLEMAN* wants large single rr>c__ or
small suite; references given; state price. Box
4g«, Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN wants furnished room with
bath, home comforts; central location: state
terms and conditions. Address box 43SS. Call.
SEWI.MJ MACHINES A.SD SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 14S Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. V* Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post St.. cor. PoweU; teL Main S7ll
Large list of new houses for 1&I9 on aasy
terms.
4C4 lots for sala In Oakland, A_uaeda, Fr_it-
vale and Berkeley.
100 lots far sol. in Fltchburv, close t_ alectria
line.
$525.000— Business property: lneoma $33,000 per
year; corner lot; 5-story building: firs proof;
will leave a mortgage of $275,000, interest at i
per cent: will exchange equity far a desirable
dear ranch in Cailfornia-
s43.oCO—6CO acres near Oakland, stock, trait
and vegetable ranch.
ICOO— 25 acres; l>-rooni hoase; bars; fruit;
fir.c improvements.
13000—230 acres; grain ranch.
Ranches for sala rrorr. 20 acres to 50.500 aerea.
1.GC4.000 acres for sale in Mexico as Soo per
arr«. doa« to navtgabla river; well a<-?_gtffil
for coloni-atlon.
3i>-page catalogue of ranc_ea aad hoses.
Large list of Callforai- and Eastera cro^-
erty for exchange.
I have rood business chAacn o£ all kiads J_r
sale.
Before yoa boy or loan yocr esonar 00 C_U-
fomia real estate get my opialoa of its va__«
for your owo protection.
E. E. BUNCE. 90* Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
|tTM rt BIG snap: this Is a big reductioa t»
close out Immediately; lot 50-foot fro&t and
street work all done: modern cott&sa of •
rooms, laundry and bath: situate In good
location: just a step to t electric car Uses:
never been occupied: porcelain bathtub and
alnk; sideboard, bookcases, etc. built In;
house alone cannot be buQt for lev* than
l_J5O; lot is worth $1000. but will take above
price If sold Immediately.
GEO. B. M. ORAT.
494 Ninth it..
Oakla-d.
$2_» FOR a modern ce-ttagw of 5 rooms, tanadrr
and bath: everything up to data aad modern;
lot 30_135: situate on the west side of Ltndea
street, lust a step frca t_e electris ear; aooa
be ready for occupancy; terms caabaa ba ar-
ranged to salt. GEO. B. M. GRAT.
454 Ninth, st..
Oa-J-al.
ll^V-CHOICE lots fronting on Frui tvale are..
nea_- broad-gauge local; farmer price was
ISOO, but have been authorized to aell th«se
at above price: this la just about oae-third
what they are wcrth; Investigate aad satisfy
yourself GEO. B. M. GRAY.
454 Ninth st.. Oakland.
AN elegant new house of I rooms, laundry aa4
bath; choice neighborhood ; ail modem con-
veniences: cannot be excelled; will be soil
far a little over one-half of Its real value;
Investigate this at once, as party la Terr
desirous of selUng. GEO. B. M. GRAT.
454 Ninth St.. Oa__aad.
$» CASH. IS W monthly till paid for: chicken
run. l_ox_Cs: sar.dy loam soil; plenty of good
water: level land: site, climate and soil tha
best- no fogn or cold winds: 3 buildings now
completed; Westail tract, adjoining East Oak-
land, close to electric car line. 9"Vfoot boule-
vard and fine school: price, all told. *."•»; call
or send for circular. 453 Seventh st.. near
corner Bruadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
4*i ACRES, East Oakland, fine house. I80OO; or
will sell 1 acre with nice house, barn aad
windmill. «•«>. Se* C. K. KING. 902 Broad-
way. Oakland.
29 ACRES. Sor.nma. County, at station: half In
fruit, small house. Se« C. K. KING. *33
Broadway. Oakland.
$I_oo— l_ ACRES near LAfayette. Centra Costa
County: 7-room bouse and barn. C. K. KING.
902 Broadway, Oakland.
$4000— FOR t houses and lots, each with $
rooms and bath, with the latest Improve-
ments; strictly up-to-date; Al neighborhood;
street work complete: all conveniences: near
to schools, cars, stores, etc.: permanent ten-
ants: big interest on the money Invested:
bank mortgage $3< ir *): seeing is believing: call
early. J. S. ITYER3. ICO2 Broadway. Oak-
land.
J3S«) BUY 3 a WOO busin««s property on Smn
Pablo aye. : stores and flats and a larre lot.
with private waterworks; mortgage $:-"¦¦'. can
remain; a rare bargain for business prop-
erty: Investigate. J. 9. MYERS. 10C3 Broad-
way. Oakland.
3 FINE flats, central location, up-to-date ~r«ry
respect, to exchange for a ranch.
2 modern fiats In Oakland, choice property,
to exchange for roadside house near 3an
Francisco. P. KELLY. 4*l Nlatfc St.. Oak-
land.
$2350— 5250 CASH; new; balance IT? per morra;
new bouse 7 rooms and bath: 5 minutes' walk
to local: cars ©ass door; see It. WM. P.
TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
JU.CO— WILL sell quick for $4200; fine comer
residence: lot 4SxITS; 9 rooms: us to data.
E IC. BTTVCTI. sr« Bma_wav. Oakland.
O AKU.\ P *J»^X'jrcg eT~FO h~~_ALE.
AN lntroducttoa to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
fomlt-r> dealer. 11th «n«1 FVwnkltw. O»*I»tw1.
For additional classified advertis*-
raents see page twenty-six.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
25f Fare-Saa Francisco to Summit^^.ns' Return.
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
{Successors to Flannsxaa * OalWc*«'r».
I-C?> EKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMESS,
4* i lit a rt.. eppe site L <T.C3ln dCBtM{»
Telephone Sou-Ji W).
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J H Wheeler. N V
E R Thomas. N V
J Maulden. Mont
G W Stone, Redding
A M Clay, Alameda
J 13 Coe, Portland
I Tozer, Sacto
W Curtis & ds, Sacto
II 8 Ivery, Courtland
3 W Brill. Courtland
II W Estes. S Ro«a
C II Dunsmoor. Oak
W Dolan. Sacto )
J V Ellis. S Rafael .
F Bancroft. Stanford
H I) Parker. Stanford!
D Clark. Cal
? L Welxs. M Island
M Gunckel. Chicago
E A Lane & w, Cal
II II Clark, Reno
r II Crawford &w, Cal
C Crawford, Stanford
J II Anderson, Salinas
W B Rucker. Rucker
Mrs Blair. S Rosa
Mrs Wright. S. Rosa ¦
F D Walsh, Cleveland
Mrs Helntzflman, Sac
W W Douglass, Sacto
T Mau, L Ang
L Schwarz. L Ang
A Schwarz. L Ang
W L Dowpy, N V
F N Splller. Cal
R II Howard, Utah
J D Ludwlg, Marlposa
T F Turner & w, O
Mrs W M Dolen, P R
F Edmonds &w. C S
Mrs E II Cowing, G I
C M Smith. Redlands
D G Overall & w, Cal
Miss A Daugherty Cal
G Upck, Llvermore
II T Jonas & w, Cal
F Tuckow, Crockett
R C Wilson. U Lake
•T Cochran & w, S R
E C Stlnson, C Creek
T R Goldsworthy, Nev
Jessie Cope, S Cruz
I. Lutte, Stanford
PALACE HOTEL
W S Sawyer, Eleln
A II Robertson, U S N
T J McCarthy. Ls Ang
J P Smith. Paris
H McKrnna & w. N V
O Sontaffh. Salt Lake
C W Vlckery. Sacto
P F Mohr. Spokane
A N Denman & w, Cal
Mrs A G Crosby. N V
J C Mlnch. Stanford
S Ofner. Chicago
W X Germain, lISN
H II Knuckle, Stanford
f T. Vounir. NY i
L Blumberc, X V
J Sparks. Reno
J II Hawley. Boise
R C Thayer, Colo Spgs
J O Dowel], N V
I>r E44. Smith, Detroit
F N Uewey & w, N V
Rev E T Perkins Ky
C T Hlnde. Coronado
J II Alexander Ls Ant
T L Symons & w, N V
C H Buckler. Chicago
D J O'Leary & w. Cal
A L Kruger. St Louis
II M Anlhnnv Tlf^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. '
F E Wood. N V
G M Sanford. N V
J W Shupp. WatßonvlH
L Wartrnburp. L Ang
T SkHlett & w, N J
J E Hall. San Jose
W M Norton. Fresno
a Reed & w, N V
J C Mlllbank. S Jose
E H Smith, Arizona
W L Epner. Seattle
J Smith. Port Mild
A Perkins, Woodland
H Smith. Gavlota
G A Deeter. S Crux
F Lindsay, Oakley
J W Stout. Oregon
F Dlnnmore, Calistoga
L B Perklnson. S Rosa
£ S Joyce. L An*
Time— Y<. S26 1 *; H. :GIH: %. 1:M: mile. 1:44. Bad start. Won easily. Second easily
Third driving. Winner, M. J. Smith's eh. c. by Imp. Pirate of Penrance-Ray W.
Pirate too fast for his company. Summer stopped. Too far for Modwena.
Scratched— Sardonic 107, March Seven 87.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S*nta Fe Route.
Tn« fastest train, running or«r th* b*st ran*
road, with Us* highest elan accommodation*.
Connecting train leaves San Fraaelseo ai
• :00 p. m.
HONDAT. TTOBircroAT. fBIDAT. BATXTSOAT,
Arriving tn Chicago at 1:15 p. ra.
niDAT. SUSOiT. TXrXBSAT. WXO323DAT.
Time — VA. :12: %. :36%. Perfect start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
B. Schrelbef's oh. f.. by Balgowan-Spozla, .
Sofnla Is a sup^rb-looklnff filly and fast. P.athjrar stumbled Boon after start; he came
very fast. Carlonlan was Hore. >
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. U a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 17! St. Paul Feb. 7
New York Jan. 24: New York Feb. 14
Bt. Louis Jan. 3l!St. Louis Feb. 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York; ar)d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Aragonla Jan. IT Westernland ....Feb. 7
FrleMand Jan. 24 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 Noordland Feb. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcljael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
rafsage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY,
*30 Montgomery at., or any of Its agencies.
Stages connect at Santa Rcsa far Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttort
for Lytton Spring*: at Geyservtlle for Bkaggs
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Oeysers; at Hol-
land for Xhincar. Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvlll*. Carlsbad Springs. So4a Bay. Lak«-
port and Bartlett 6prings; at Uklah for Vichy
Springy. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprlnx*. Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights. Uu'.lvUie, Orr's)
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brmgz
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cura«
mlng s. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsea's. Dyer-
Bcotia anri Eureka. ¦
Saturday to Monday round, trip tickets at r*>
4uced rates.
On Sunday rotyid trio tickets to all polata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 850 Market st.. ChrcnleU bld*v
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Oca. J-asa. Agent.
Tim«»— H -12H' % :37V-: %. T.O2H- Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing Winner, "W J. Spiers" & Co.'s br. c, by Chevalier-Lady Abbess.
Winner was an unknown quantity. Miss Reel tired the last hundred yards. Braw Lass
of little account. Mips Soak can do better.
Scratched— St. Isldor 86. Jfttabel 100.
Order Eastern Star.
At the close of the last held meeting
of Mission Chapter in December the gen
tlemen who belong to that organization
surprised the lady members by bringing
into the chapter room a Christmas tree,
beautifully decorated and loaded down
with presents for the ladles. There were
gifts for every one and they were pre
sented with appropriate remarks. Many
of the presents created a great deal of
merriment. This chapter will have its
first initiatory work to-morrow night.
Past Grand Matron Farnham on the
26th of last month instituted a new chap
ter at Lompoc.
The Odd Fellows.
The officers of Fidelity Lodge No. 222
will be publicly installed to-morrow night
in Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building.
There will be a glorious time after the
ceremony, such as the members of this
very popular lodge know how to ar
range.
Golden Gate Encampment will install
its officers on the night of the 13th Inst.
and the ceremony will be followed by a
feast. On the last Saturday in December
Grand Master Bonynge and Grand Secre
tary Shaw Instituted Commercial Lodge
at Los Angeles with thirty-eight charter
members, and then twelve applicants
were Initiated. Last Monday they held
a special session of the Grand Lodge for
the purpose of conferring the Grand
Lodge degree on eliglbles, and on Tues
day they visited Monrovia Rebekah
Lodge.
Fidelity Lodge will have its installation
to-morrow night and then there will be a
feast of music, song and dancing.
The Bebekahs.
The elected and appointed officers of
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will be installed
publicly to-morrow night in its lodge
room in the Odd Fellows' building.
The installation of the officers of Cali
fornia Lodge will take place on the night
of the 20th inst.
Next Tuesday night the officers and
members of San Francisco Rebekah Drill
Corps will meet in the Odd Fellows'
building for the purpose of drill.
Last Monday night there assembled at
Oliver Hall a number of the friends of
Mrs. W. W. Barnes, who last evening re
tired from the office of noble grand of
Mission Rebekah Lodge, for the purpose
of calling at her residence to pay her a
surprise visit on the eve of her depar
ture for Healdsburg. where Bhe will, after
next Tuesday. ta«ve up her residence. The
affair was arranged by Mrs. J. 11. Jack
son and Mrs. Ueorsre Mosher, and it was
exceedingly well planned. The visitors
brought lunch, took possession of the
house, inaugurated a literary and musical
programme and games. A most pleasant
evening was spent and In parting the
company expressed regret that Mrs.
Barnes had decided to remove from pro
gressive New San Francisco. During her
membership in Mission Lodge, both as a
member and an officer. Mrs. Barnes has
by her good nature, ability to make and
keep friends and a strong sense of jus
tice in the management of affairs of the
lodge won to her a large number who are
proud to inscribe her name on their list
of friends.
The officers of Templar Rebekah Lodge
will be installed on the 13th and on the
27th those of Amity Lodge are to be in
ducted into office.
There is under consideration a propo
sition to hold special sessions of the Cali
fornia Assembly on the lines of the spe
cial sessions of the Grand Lodge.
The children at the Orphans' Home In
Gilroy had a Jolly Christmas. About
twenty of the Rebokah lodges each sent
a case of good things for the little ones.
Each lodge secured a list of names and
ages of the children and prepared a sep
arate present for each. The grand mas
ter. W. A. Bonynge, did what no grand
master ever before did: he cent a pres
ent to each of the thirty-nine inmates,
consisting of a necktie with gold stick pin
to each of tho older boys, silver brooches
to the older girls, a silver mug to each
of the two babies and useful gifts to the
other children. Grand Warden Nichols
contributed $10 to be expended for the
little ones.
Captain Allle Parker of.- the San Fran
cisco Drill Corps and Mrs. W. T. McDoud
entertained a party at a watch meeting
on New Year's eve at 134 Twelfth street.
There was a pleasant social time while
watching for the old year to pass away
and the new one to come in. There were
present Mr. and Mrs. Parker, Mr. and
Mrs. Engelbrlght. Mr. and Mrs. Jarvls,
Mrs. Kiefs. Mrs. Deitz, Mrs. Curran, Miss
Lapham, Miss Engelbright. Mrs. Lebour
beau and Dr. E. C. Mercer.
The Elks.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of the Pro
tective Benevolent Order of Elks at its
last held meeting initiated three candi
dates, one of these being the manager of
"The Christian." That night three appli
cations were received and referred to the
proper committee. The lodge is arrang
ing for a ladles' night, also for a visit to
Stockton, to be present at the dedication
of a new hall for the lodge in that city.
San Jose Lodge, which was but recently
Instituted, is reported as doing exceeding
ly well. It has already a membership of
130.
The lodge at Sacramento is working in
harmony with San Francisco Lodge, to
the end that the Grand Lodge session
shall be held In San Francisco in 1901.
Native Sons.
The officers of Pacific Parlor •were In
stalled on the night of the 2d inst. by-
Deputy J. J. Handley. The same deputy
installed those of Bay City on the night
of the 3d. Deputy R. D. Barton Installed
those of Alcazar Parlor, Deputy H. F.
Pernau Installed those of Hesperian Par
lor and Deputy J. W. Lewis Installed thO3e
of Olympus Parlor on the 3d. On the ni.ght
of the 4th Deputy A. Mocker installed
the officers of National Parlor and Deputy
John \V. Lewis installed those of Califor
nia Parlor.
The following installations are an-
FRATERNAL NEWS.
nounced: Sequoia Parlor, January S:
Stanford Parlor. 9th; Mission, Rlncon nnd
South Ban Francisco on the 10th; El Do
rado and Preclta on the 11th, San Fran
cls «o o n the , 12thi presidio on tb.3 15th
and Marshall on the 17th.
Our Native Daughters.
Yosemlte Parlor has arranged for a
masquerade social to be given on the
n'ent of Saturday, the 13th Inst., in Mis
sion Parlor Hall.
Orlnda Parlor has arranged for a social
£\. ent i n the Native Sons p Hall for next
Thursday night.
The officers of Buena Vista Parlor will
£c installed in Shasta Hall, Native Sons'
building, on Thursday evening next. The
insJfUlation will be public.
Minerva Parlor will give a social affair
on the night of the 22 d inst.
The National Union.
The installation of the officers of Cali
fornia Council of the National Union, as
already noticed In the local columns,
which took place on last Tuesday in Elks'
Hall, was followed by the serving of a
turkey collation and refreshments and an
evening of music, song and speaking, un
der the direction of T. H. Molloy. the new
speaker. A. J. Sparrow, the new presi
dent, is an energetic worker for the or
der, and he will devote much of his time
outside of office hours to the advancement
of the council.
The officers of Golden Gate Council will
be Installed to-morrow night, and those
of Pacific Council are to be installed next
Friday night.
oi T w c £ atl o n al Union Social and Literary
Club has prepared a high class pro
gramme of entertainment for the evening
of Thursday next in Golden Gate Hall.
The previous entertainment given some
time ago by this association was good,
but the programme for the coming one
will excel that in merit. There ought to
be a full house.
Sons of Benjamin.
The five lodVes of the Independent Or
der of Sons of Benjamin located In this
city have elected their officers for the
ensuing term and these will be Installed
during the current month. The newly
elected officers have pledged themselves
to work with a will and add materially to
the membership of the order during their
term of office. And In their efforts they
will be assisted In the fullest by Deputy
District Grand Master H. L. Springer.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Lodge Abraham Hockwald, the re
tiring president who is soon to leave for
the Philippine Islands on a business trip,
was presented with a set of artistically
engrossed resolutions of appreciation and
affection. These resolutions, which were
in the nature of a Burprlse, were tendered
on behalf of the lodge by Ellas Cook.
There was a feeling response by the re
cipient.
Woodmen of the World.
To-morrow night and on the night of the
22d Inst., Golden Gate Camp will Initiate
ILL-TIMED PLUNGE
ON GAME FORTE
Continued from Nineteenth Page.
COAST lIITISIOX (CroaiHUage).
(Thlril :md Townaeml Sto.)
strangers Into the mysteries of woodcraft.
On the night of the ISth Inst. the recently
elected officers of this camp will be In
stalled In public In the auditorium of the
Native Sons' building, after which there
will be a dance. -V >
! On Sunday, the 21st inst.. the members
of Golden Gate Camp will proceed to Holy
Cross Cemetery, where there will be un
veiled a monument erected over the grave
of the late Anthony O'Brien, a member
of the camp. This will be with the im
pressive ceremonies of the order.
The officers of Redwood Camp will be
installed on Thursday night next in pub
lic in, the Odd Fellows' building. The
members of Redwood Circle and of Cali
fornia Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
will be present in a body.
On the night of the 13th inst. the officers
of Redwood Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft will Install its officers In Fra
ternity Hall in the Pythian Castle. The
circle has procured new paraphernalia
and all the members are working to make
this a success. A banquet will follow the
Installation.
Companions of the Forest of America.
A few evenings slnc-s many of the mem
bers of Inter Nos Circle and friends went
In a body to 305 Broderlck street, the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Erett. chief
companion and left guide respectively of
the circle, to pay them a congratulatory
visit on the first anniversary of their wed
ding. There was a Very pleasant even
ing spent, there being nfty-nine per
sons present. R. Engel. who was chair
man of the committee of arrangements on
behalf of the friends of the visited couple,
presented them with a beautiful cuckoo
clock. They were also the recipients of a
number of presents from Individuals.
After games, music and dancing there
was served a dainty collation.
The officers of Bay City Circle will be
publicly installed In the Alcazar building
to-morrow night. An entertainment and
dance will follow the ceremon.es.
Next Tuesday night the grand chief
companion will pay an official visit to
Mlzpah Circle, In the Potrero.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The officers of Memorial Lodge will be
installed in public on the night of the
15th Inst.
J. H. Camp, assistant to Recorder
Poland, left yesterday for Chicago to at
tend the session of the Supreme Relief
Board in the stead of the grand recorder.
The officers of Ivy Lodge of the Degree
of Honor will be installed on the 10th
inst., those of Dawn of Hope Lodge will
be installed on the 13th and those of Sliver
Star Lodge on the 18th.
Grand Recorder Loretta Donnelly re
cently visited Waterford. near Modesto,
where she instituted Underwood Lodge
No. 100 with a good charter list. Mrs.
Nellie Underwood, cne of the organizers,
was chosen chief of honor, and Annie
Hennemuth was elected recorder
The grand recorder will shortly visit
Hollister to attend the public installation
of the officers of the lodge of Workmen
there and will talk in the interest of
organizing a lodge of the Degree of
Honor. She will also visit Watsonville.
and at the installation of the officers of
the lodge of Workmen there will also
talk in the Interest of the order she rep
resents.
The Junior Order.
Next Thursday evening the officers of
Abraham Council will be Installed by
Deputy State Councilor S. J. Thelsen. This
will be followed by a debate, "Are We in
the Nineteenth or the Twentieth Cen
tury?" There will be a feast of coffee and
refreshments. _|i
The council's committee on Washing
ton's birthday celebration is at work ar
ranging an interesting programme. Th«
celebration will be in Odd Fellows' Hall
and the proceeds will be donated to the
order's orphan home In Tiffin, Ohio.
Royal Arcanum.
The officers of councils of this city and
Oakland will bo installed on the following
dates: Argonaut, January 8; Golden
West. 15; Buena Vista, 16; San Francisco.
22; Sierra. In Oakland. January 8. All of
these councils have shown a good growth
during the year Just ended, and the pros
pects for the addition of several hunderd
Tlme-44. :26H: H, :51»i: %, 1:184: mile. 1:44%: lUm. t:U\H 14m, 2:.17^ Bad start
•Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. E. Corrlgan'a eh. f., by Montana Regent-
Forte practically left. Morlnel bled.
Scratched— Master Lee ICL
ASSESSMI2XT XOTICHS.
ASSgSSSHSfT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office end principal place of business,
itT Market «t.. Han Francisco.
Notice is her*by Riven that at a meeting ol
the Board -t Directors, held on the ISth iay
cf December. IS!**, an ns*=essment (No. T)) of
one O) cat t'T rhare was levied upon the
capital rtock -if the corporation, payable Irn-
ttiediate'.y In United States cold coin to the
/ecrotary «t trie office cf the company at lh«
«bgve adSress.
Any *tcclc uron which this assessment »hall
remain mtsU on the 22nd day of January,
19^0 will be delinquent end advertised for sale
.¦; publl<" cjrtion, and onleM payment ls
rr.atfe before, will be *ol<l en the 12th day of
February, I^3. to pay the delinquent asiess-
tre-.t. together with rosta cf advertising and
?rper*cs cf «¦*>. By order of the Board of Dl-
l«ctcrs. CJIARI.ES A. HIXO. f^ecretary.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
**5 Frm "« l " co offl< *' ta "arts* •*- talaphsM
Main 1531.
Oakland office, lilt Broadway.
Sacramento office, ZOl J street.
Eaa Jose office. 7 West Santa Cl*rm *tn«fc
80RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satualtte Parry.
Commencing October 1. 1889.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXET
EXTRA . TRIPS-Fmr. Mill Valley and San Ra.
ar^cTan^STp. «* Saturdays.
Trains marked <•) ru n to San Quenttn.
A DAY^ A^ L J°- 9-}N FRANCISCO.
Ba^r, A . it l^? atst^ I***"1 ***" -«
FROM a "M?T a T rk t^ tt T # j£v r l frotn San Cuenth*.
.SSIV. IfrSTnftESt £•*—»•—
• :o£ : «3 A p. S ln S:os ' iO:CS »• «•: 12:CS. JO* >: ja,
-.„. THROUGH TRAINS.
1-49 £' 5" S r *,' k and way station*.
1.48 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and r»ay stations.
•S9 s. m. Sundays-Tomalfti aad, wai lutleSt
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stoektors. Fresno. Hanford, Tlsmlis*.
Tular* and Bakersfield. furnishes good looaj
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every flay ta the year. Pullman Palac* and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leava C*k!and Mol*
for Denver. Ksnias City. Chicago and U» EUji
*:so ». ra.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- ncr of First and Branran streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. 18
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. 11. AVERY. General Agent.
587. SECOND RACE— Three furlones: two-year-olds: purse. $400.
J. J. BURKE- Presiding Judge.
J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1300, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PAB.K, Saturday, January 6, lGOO.—Thirty-flrst day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track heavy.
Rio Chlco spoiled an uncorklne In the
hurdle event. University, backed from 8
down, with Hennessy up, was supposed
to be "the goods." Willie Sink sent Rio
Chlco over the timber for the first time,
and Jumping like a veteran he won clev
erly from the good thing at odds of 15
to L Granger, the favorite, ran fourth.
A for Moraiug. F for Afternoon.
* Daily. t Humlay exeer>te<l. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday «m!y.
OTnesdara and Fridays < Thursdays acd Sandan.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LiKSSSU
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCI3CO TO SAN RAFAEL,
WKKK DATS— 7:3O. 1:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:« L
1:30, 5:10, 630 p. m. Thursday*— Extr* tn?
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:M
and U:3O p. m.
¦UNDATS— B:CO. »:30. U:00 a. m.; l:S0. »:M.
I:CO. K:2O d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— C:IO. 7:50, 9 20. 11:10 a. m.: 11:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trtpa at
I:SS and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10, 3:40. 11:19 a. m. : 1:40. 3:44. »:<«.
• : 25 d. m.
Botween San Francisco and Schaetxaa Pmrk
oaxne (rhMuls as above.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Builders' Contracts.
Levl Strauss (owner) with James A. Mc-
Mahon (contractor), architect Albert Pissls—
Piling, grading, trenching, plumbing, bulk
heading, etc., for building on lot commencing
at a point 30 S from Intersection of SE corner
of Pine and Battery streets. S 62:11% by E 57:6;
total. $1525.
Sarah S. Wlnslow (owner) with Robert Grelg
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees —
All work except trenches, piers and front wall
and for plumbing, sewer pipes, for a two-story,
basement and attic brick building on S line of
Pacific avenue. 171:10*4 W of Gough street. S
137:6. W 34:4 H. N 10. W 34. X 127:6. E 68:4%;
total $12,028.
Same owner with Gullck & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect same — Excavation for sewer
and plumbing, pipes, plumbing and gas fitting
and fixtures for same on same; total, $3792.
091 ST l»l VISION < Narrrm ttaege).
(Foot cl Unrket Street.)
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 11 (25 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Corrpany will be payable at the office of
the company. No. rr* Market st., on and after
Wednesday. January :0. ]900. Transfer books
will clote on Saturday. January 6. 1500. at
12 o'clock m. 12. H. HHELDON. Pec.
DIVIDISM3 XOTICKS.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 O cents per
rhare) of the Kilaaea Sjffur Plantation Co.
m-lii be payable et the ofSce of the com-
pany. ST7 Market st.. on and after Monday.
Jaanary li. 1986. Transfer books will clos«
13 TSesdar. January ?, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. If. SHELDON. Secretary.
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 21 o'clock, at Centenary M. E.
Church South. Bush street, between Gough
and Octavla. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
D'ARCY— In this ctty. January 6. 1900. Ethel
M.. only and beloved daughter of Charles and
Harriet D'Arcy. and sister of Albert D'Arcy,
a native of Bun Francisco, aged 5 years 8
months and 11 days.
di/" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday*, at 12:20 o'clock, from the residence
of tin parents, 2 Columbia square. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DIZNKY— In this city, January *. 1900. Wil-
liam, beloved son of William and Janet Dlz-
riey. and brother of James. Jessie and Mary
Dlzney. Mrs. F. Nye and the late Jennie
Ditm.-y, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 19
years ar.d 11 menths.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dent. 641 Guerrero street. Interment private.
DOHERTY— In this city. January 6. 1900. at her
residence. 226 Birch avenue. Catherine, be-
loved wife of George Doherty. mother of
Henry Lcckwood Doherty. and sister of Dan-
lei, John and Patrick Griffin, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 60 years.
FABREK— In this city. January 5. 190G, Lor-
retta, beloved daughter of James and Annie
Farren. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
ye«r and 10 day ft.
FORD— In this city, January 5. 1900, Ellen
Ford, beloved mother of Mrs. Anne H.
Drucker. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years
and 7 menths.
(TTFrleiid* are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 12
o'clock, from her late residence. 1008 Ull-
more street, thence to Holy Cross Church.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GODFREY— In this city. January 5. 1900, Wil-
liam H. Godfrey, a native of New York, aged
£5 ;oars.
GRANT— In Alameda. January 5. 1900. Paulina
T. Grant, wife of the late Thomas B. Grant,
and mother of Rufus M. Grant and the late
M»rla A. Merrill and Rosana M. Flood, a
native cf Sediswlck. Me., aeed £1 years 9
t^Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thl« day
iSunday), at 1 .o'clock, from the Olivet Con-
gregational Church, corner Seventeenth and
Km utreets. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
HAUPMAX- At Sears Point. Sonoma County,
January S. li^X*. Frank Ig. Hausman. a na-
tive of Ripley County. Ind.. aged 36 years.
C^Frionda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sun.lay). at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEALEY— In this city. January 6, 1300. Han-
nah, dearly beloved wife of Dennis Healey.
mother of Mary and John Burke and Michael
and Catherine Hecley, and sister of Mrs. M.
Flaherty. Mrs. J. O'Donnell, Mrs. F. Mc-
DenouKh and Martin Joyce, a native of Clif-
den. County Gaiway, Ireland, aged 45 years.
E7"Frlend.i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 249 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
¦oul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY— In Alameda* Jar.vary «. 1900. Jo-
hanna Henry, beloved mother of Mrs. Georse
Ecker. aged f8 years 4 months and 22 days.
(Pan Jose and Saratoga. Cal.. pnpers please
copy.>
GJ"Friend» and acquaintances nre reppect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-tnorrow (Monday), at H>:3o o'clock, at St.
Jv^eeph's Church, corner San Antonio avenue
and Chestnut street. Alameda. Interment
private.
KANE— In this city, January 6. 1900, Joseph
Kane, beloved husband of Johanna Kane, and
father of Jusenh Kane, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aeed »S years.
CSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2 45 Fremont street, thence to i?t. Bren-
dan's Church, corner Fremont and Harrison
street*, where services will be held. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by tralri.
KELLY— In this city. January 6. 1900. Hanora.
beloved wife of Luke Kelly, and beloved aunt
of Mrs. James Mcllugh, Mm. Joe Lingfelser,
Mr 6. P. Murphy. Kate Glynn and Martin J.
Touhey, a native of the parish of Ahascragh,
County Galway. Ireland, aged 86 years.
CTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at V:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2€S>j Clementina street, thence to St.
l'atrlck's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mafs will be celebrated tor the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, John Martin of Capi-
tola, brother of Mrs. William F. Swall. and
uncle of William E. and Joseph B. Cody, a
native of Ireland, need 67 years.
(lEy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. San Jose.
MATIIES— In this city, January 4, 1500, Eu-
gene Math"?, beloved husband of Ltna
Mathes, and father of Margaret, Eugene and
Otto Mathes, a native of Germany, a«ed 42
years 0 months and 23 dayp.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. €36 Washington
street, thenoe to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter
etreet, where services will be held at 2 o'clock
p m . under the auspices of North Beach
l.*>dge No. 8, O. d. H. S. Interment etrictly
private; no carriaees.
MILES— In this city. January 6. 190 C. Mrs.
Elizabeth Miles of Victoria, B. C. a native
cf Er.pland, as^d SO years.
CjTThe funeral service* will be held
to-morrow (Monday), at 3 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1201 Laguna street. Interment pri-
vate.
MINARIK— In this city, January 4, 1900. John
Minarlk. beloved son of the late Anton and
Katherlne Minarik. and brother of Fannie
and Joseph Mlnarik. a native of Cleveland.
Ohio aged 25 years and 6 months. (Cleve-
land, Ohio, and Santa Ana, Cal., papers
please copy.)
E3 r Kri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Ml York street. Interment Laurel
Hill Ometery-
MOLLOY— In Sonoma County, Cal.. Peter, be-
loved brother of James Molloy. a native of
County Longford. Ireland, aged D 2 years.
C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Ml^lon etreet.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will tie celebrated for
the repose of his boul. commencine at 11
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULCREVY— In this city, January 6. 1900.
Martin Mulcrevy, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Mulerevy. a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 84 years.
r7"Frirnds nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. '404 Hatght street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. Fell and Fillmore streets,
where services will be held. Interment Holy
Crws Cemetery.
XKT'MANN — In this city, January E, IPOO, Otto
Neumann, teaman, a native of Germany,
«C»d 28 years.
O'SI'LLIVAN —On Monday morning', at 9
o'clock, mass will be offered In the Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, for the late Mrs. Mary A.
O' Sullivan.
VaLIN— In this city, January «. 1900. Bridget,
beloved wife, of Joseph J. Palln. mother of
Joseph, Ksta, May and Julian Palln. daugh-
ter of Cornelius and Kate Crimmlnirs, and
Bister of Mapsle. Llllie. Daniel, Timothy and
Thomas Crimmtngs, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 37 years.
ROBINSON— In this city, January 6, 1900. at
her residence. 1007 Powell street. Catherine A.
Robinson, a native of Yorktown. Westchester
County, N. Y.I aged 82 years 1 month and 3
dHJS.
ftTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SEIBERLICH— In this city. January 6. 1900.
Francis Ferdinand Seiberllch, dearly be-loved
husband of Ellen Seiberlich. and beloved
Tath?r of Francis Thomas Seiberllch. a na-
tive of Baden. Germany, aged 71 years and 9
I months.
(ryThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, rrom hts late resi-
dence, 447 Tehama etreet. between Fifth and
EUth. thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street, for nerv-
lee*. commeneinc at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHAMP-In this city. January B. 1900. RQland
B. Shamp, a native of San Francisco, aged
S years and 9 months*
SLACK— In th'.s city, January 5, 1500. Eilard
D Slack, eon of Mrs. E. F. Slack, and
brother of Mrs. M. H. Mayberry and Walter
K. and Kdcar S. Slack, a native of Nevada
County. Cal.. aijod 26 years and 1 month.
lUT'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3435 Twentieth street. Interment pri-
vate.
STEINMANN— In this city, January 6, I'm,
Fridolln Steinmnnn. beloved husband of Rosa
Stclnirmnn, and father of Teresa and Rosa
Stelnmann, Mr*. William Klippel and Otto
and Fred A. Relnmann. a native of V'lllln-
gen. Baden, Germany, nged C 2 years.
STORM— In Oakland, January 6, 1900. (Mrs.
Storm, wife of William Storm, a native of
Scotland, aged 41 years and 1 month.
SI'LLIVAN— In thl* city, January 6, 1900, Mar-
garet beloved wife of the late Daniel Sulll-
vnn, and ix»loved mother of Mary, James,
Daniel and Dennis Sullivan. Mrs. John Bern-
hard and the late Katie Sullivan, a native of
the parish of Kilcoe. County Cork. Ireland,
aged 74 years.
C7Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2213 Tolk street, thence to St. Bridget's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
corr.menclng at ,9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
<"r<>es Cemetery."-
VETTERLEIN-In this city, January — . 1900,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Morltz Vetterleln.
mother of Joseph and Fred Vetterleln, and
daughter of Joe and Carrie Baumann. a na-
tive of Columbia, South Carolina, aged SS
years 2 months and J days.
CTThe funeral services will be held
this Aay (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
members before the meeting of the grand
council are very good.
Grand Regent Chappel has appointed
the following deputies: Thomas Banks
for Argonaut Council and Buena Vista.
J. B. Whitney for Golden West. T. G.
Hodgklns for San Francisco and Sierra.
All are old-time members of the order
and are well qualified for the work re
quired of them.
Golden West Council will have a house
warming in Red Men's Hall on the 23th
Last Tuesday evening District Deputy
Grand Regent Hodgklns Instituted a new
council at Vallejo with a charter list of
twenty-four, including a number of men
who are prominent in other secret socie
ties. Many of the naval officers stationed
at Mare Island are members of the Arca
num, and now they will have an oppor
tunity to visit a council of the order. The
deputy will go to Sacramento and Fresno
to help build up the councils there.
American Guild.
The new officers of San Francisco Coun
cil of the American Guild have been In
stalled for the current term by Past Gov
ernor M. L. Asher, and the new governor
expects that during his term of office that
the chapter will make a remarkable ad
vance. At the meeting following the in
stallation a committee was appointed to
report upon the advisability of giving an
entertainment in the near future, and an
other committee was appointed to obtain
the views of the members of the chapter
on the advisability of changing the night
of meeting.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
During: the past week the officers of
Court Eureka were Installed by Deputies
Roberts and Winters; the officers of Court
Star of the Mission were installed by Past
High Chief Rangers Cashman and Bea
ver, after which Hlsh Chief Ranger
Boehm delivered an address on "Our Or
der," and then followed a dance. Court
Advocate had Its officers installed by Dep
uty Arnold and the board of Oakland dep
uties. The officers of Court Twin Peaks
were installed in public in the Social Hall
of the Foresters* building. The ceremony
was followed by a banquet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
RATT.ROAP TBAV£Io
ji«tTTiTrß)« '"i-Ac'irib" cohpasit*
(PACiriO ST.HTEM.)
Trmlns !•»»«• »«•• *** «'"• •• •"•»• ¦•
(Vain line. Foot ol JJarbet Street) '
i,k»vb — FiiOJf DrcxMßm 13. 1899. — amltts
DSVUDEUCO notic*— The Nevada National Hank
of Stn Franrlßco— At a regular meeiing of the
botrd of directors of this bank. heM January
J 1900. a dlvlder.d » - as declared for the half
>V»r ending December JL ISSS. Et the rate of
seven (7( per cent per annum, payable on
mni after the 3Sth In^t. Transfer books will
be closed from the 29th to th* lith tnet.. both
Ca»t lncluel\-e.
GronCE GRANT. Secretary.
Jcnnarr >. 1W-
lII'MBOLDT Savtnjrs snl Loan Society. U
Oearv rt.— The director*, hare declared the fol-
lowing #err.l -annual dividends: 8.60 p«r cent
per annum on trrra and 1 p»r cent per annum
m ordinary deposits, payable on snd after
January ?.':?«>. KRNHST RRAKD. See.
•7:OOa Benlcla, Suisnn, Ehnlra, VtcaTEtoi,
Roiasey and Sacramento. ..... .... "7»«3»
•TtOOAEluuta Expres*-ItaTlJ. Willows.
Be.l Blua. Portlacd.. .......... «7:«»
•7 :3» a Martlnei. San Rawon. V allejo, Napa.
Callstoza ami Santa Kosa....^-.. ••«»•
•8:30* The OrerlandLlniltod-Ogderj. Dw»-
»er, Omaha, Chicago....-..."— • *3«I3»
•»i:»o* Sau Jose. liTerinore. StocktoiH
lone. SacraoKsnUN PlacertiUe,
M»rjs»lllc, Chico. KeilUluS Ji J2*
•SiStM •Milton. Oakdalo and j50c0ra....... "*«"»
•l):OO* Ilayirards. Nilcs and Way SUtlons. «H»43*
•9sOOa DarU. Woodland. Heists LaodJag.
MarysTil!e,UroTiil«v. ..-¦" tZli%
• DtOOi Atlantio Kxpress— Ogden and Ea*» # «J-i3^
•SiOO a Martinez. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton,
Mcrc-d aad Fresno. •«»1S»
•»i«»» Tort Costx l'resno. Mojare and Los
• I Oion* Vallejo. M'arttoea'and Way Stations *«|-*iJ*« | -*iJ*
•1 I:OOa UsTwarda. Niks ami Way SUUcns. # 2US«
•1»:«OM Kites, Litermorc. Stockton, Hacra*
mrato. Mcndou. llanford, Vlsalla,
Pcrttnlllo rf 11 ? 11
fliOOp Sacramento lfl»erSte«ineT« I nt ?? F
•3:OOr HaTwirds. Nlles and Way Bt»tions. •3>43»
•4iO»r Martinez. Han lUroon, Vallajo.
Napa, C'alldtoga. HsiitA Itosa »I»il3*
•4iS)Or E.-ntcia. Vaca»ille. .Sacramento,
Woodland. Kniuhta Landing.
Maryntllle. Orotli:<« 12 ¦2*
•4 i3otJ! lies. KanJoeo and Stockton •7il»»
•3:0O»Tbo Owl Limited— Tracr, Fresnow
BakersQcltl. Saiijus for 6act» Ear-
bara. Lcs ADgeles. •10»43A
«siOOr Bur set linsit-d— El P«ao. Hew Or-
leans and Cask • l t t l?*
•»i3Ap Stockton. Mfrceil. Fresno •I3»l«>»
•3:30r ifinuo. liakerstielii. KaiiU n»rl>ara,
Lcs Angeles. Dcmtag. El I'vjo,
Mew Orleaus and East •8104
•3i3of Hauta l» ltonie— Ailaniio Express
for Mojarn and East "«HS»
•Oi«Or naywaxda, Niles «n<l H»u Jose •*; l> »
16:301- Vaiiojo •latl.if
•oi3»rOrlcnUl Mail— Ogtlcn and Fast •¦«30r
l?iO«r Vtllrjo. l\.rt Costa and Way Sta-
tions. J«.S3»
•SiO3r Oregon and California l'Ui>reiw,Hao-
riiinenti). Mar^sville. I'eiMlnK.
Pi.rH.il. I. Tiicrt Hrmml ami Kan* *Bil»A,
2IAKRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrisr* lloensen Y.av been irsued us follow*
Oiarles Bur**** snfl Pearl Wright S?J!
Oeorps F. Harth R nd Maria M. Pric« ?|--»
Frar.k J. Muryhy and Johanna Spath 38-z.
Jnhn F. I^undquiFt and Annie Ja<*obson
Charte* Cansier and Jennette < . Marem 15-«
Mar.uel M. Nunei and Isabel Cabrai ?»-¦&
.Tesse n. Wood and I'aisy Ar.sley 22-15
Rofs D. Turker and Carrie B. White 2<-z2
Rrbert Ponaldyon and Llzrle Rodger 25-Z*
•»iia*.Kewark.C>nterTi:i.-..SanJ(n«,t'elron,
Boulder Creek.Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations «O«S«»
I*<l3r Newark, Centervtlle. Bao Jose, New
Alxnauen, I'iUon, Itoiilder Creek.
BaoU Crux and l*ilocipal Way
Stations «l«ia«»
• lil.ip Newark. Una Jose. Los Gates. *OiSO*
ItltlSr Himten' Excursion. Sac Josa and
WayHtKtio-s yy««*»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ritusin micisco— r»t «r Muitii strut ( s:b d~
•7:15 0.00 11:00 a.M. JI:C3 *2:33 t3:C3
•4:C3 |5:03 •BtfOr.ii.
rriaOUUlD— f«»t •rßr«»iw«T.— *fl:oo 8:00 ]0:00».M.
tI2:CO "1:03 12:93 «3:C3 tt:C3 •3:C:r.w.
ittiio\ oce»n View. .South oan Francisco.. 1O»8O»>
•7<«Oa k*i, Joso ami War fctnlloiis (New
Alina-lrii Weilnesdars onl 7) »l«» 0»
• BiOO* San .l<.«o, Titi l'i,.us. H.mt.v Cntx.
racilio iSrnic. i'aso Kubles. San
/ I. ills Olifopo. Kurf. Lompoe ami
Principal War Stations # 4ilor
•|l»i«O» San.Jnsu:iu.l Way .Station* f «iM»
•I I|3O« Ban Jnee and Way Stations •StOOr
t'J:43r San Matro, lledwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa, Clara, Han .lose,
, Tres Finos. Hanta Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and l'acino Grove flrti.ta*
fSi3Or Btn .True and Way Stations *7i3Ur
f lilsp Han Joseaml Principal WnyStattons •StJ.l*
«3:OOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations WiO«*
*3:30r 9an Joso ami Principal Way Statlous **:3.i4
•ife.iftr San Jose au<l Way Stations «*.««>*
»ll:4.->r San Joso «n>l Way Stations *7x3or
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, rsarrlsce ana death notJces sent by
rr.a'.l will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in st either of the publication offices and be
*nflor»ed with the no me and residence of per-
eor.* authorized to have the came published.
BOBN.
AVr-rr.PON— In this city. December 28. 1599.
to the w'.f* of August Anaers-on. a daughter.
FATTKN-In Berkeley. December 10. I£9». to
the wife of A. T. Eatten. a daughter.
CAI-.EY— In tl;l« c'.ty, IVcemr-er 8\ ISM. t* th *
» !fe cf Thomas I*. Carey, a son.
PEVEREACX— In this c'.ty. December 2S. 1559.
ta the wife of Oharl<>s Devereaux. a son.
I.)IN>:iENS— to this city. January 6. 1900. to
t*-e wife of James Dinnlene. a son.
rEDHAX-In this city. December 17. 1539, to
t!;e wife of E. T. Feehon. a son.
rEYGE— In this city. December 27. 1539, to the
wife of 11. T. Fey a son.
GARXiNER— In this city. December 19. 1599. to
the wile of William H. Gardner, a son.
GOOGIN— Ta this city. December X, 1599. to the
wife of Robert 1... Goteln. a daughter.
HARN'ET- In sjouth San 1-Va.ncleco. December
3ft. ISS»« to the »i:e Ot William 12. Harney, a
Cau-hter.
KELLY— In this city. December H. 1539, to the
wile cf J. T. M. Kelly, a son.
KENNARD— In this city. December ZU IS3J, to
the wife of John H. Kenr.ard. a son.
LORIGAN— In this city, January «. ISOO, to the
wife cf F. B. LorlKan. a daughter.
MrPWEENEY— In South San Francisco. San
Mateo County. Lweember IL 1K99. to the wife
of Ambrose McSwwnfy, a eon.
KAHNKE-In this city. January 4. 1900, to the
v.M* of Charles Mahnke. a daughter.
MORGAN— In this city, Jar.vary 2. 1900, to the
w-.fe of Samuel Morgan, a daughter.
NEWMAN— In this city. December IS. 189», to
the wife of Bernhard Newman, a daughter.
B'"HMIDT— In thi» city. January 2. !**>, to the
wife of W. B. fcSchrrudt. a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In Santa Paula. December 27.
lfiti, to the wife of Ti. M. Williams, a eon.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
>^ Steamers leave Broadway
F^Ttm, wharf. San Francisco:
KjggfsjgtjL For Alask»n ports. 10 a. m..
MB»Qmw Jan. 6, 11. IS. 21. 26. 31. Feb.
ESKSC&JvS^ 6 - Change to company's steara-
tgafSSfVVfta ers at S«3ttle.
nfaaCO^SBMI - For Victoria. Vancouver
r^^sSaßßj (B. C), Pert Townsend. Seat-
tie, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m., Jan. «.
11. 16 M 28. 21. Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle 10 this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y-: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
9, 14, 19. 24, 29. Feb. J. and every flfth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Csy-
ueos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m., Jan. 7. 11. IS. 19. 23, 27. 31. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anreles). 11 a.
m.. Jan. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, ¦¦ailing dates and hours of sal.lns
without previous notice.
TICKET UKFIOK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A(tts..
10 Market St., San Franclsca
586. FIRST RACE- Five furlongs: selling: maldens: four- year-olds and upward: purse $400.
THE Q. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spesr-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
rinr £12 First Class Including Perth
rAIIC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. IS. 28: Feb. I. 15
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7. 1"
"Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to ell points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent.
€30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
MARRIED.
BYINGTON— DE REMEE— Ia this city, Decem-
ber SL 1E99. by the Rev. Father Reynolds,
Frank J. Bjington and Ag£a M. C. de Reinee.
both of fian Francisco.
ISRAEL— EERNAL— In this city. January L
ISOO, at the Simpson Memorial Methodist
Episcopal Church, by the Rev. John Stephens,
Arthur CL Israel of Chicago and Mrs. Sus
Kirby BeraaJ of San Francisco.
JONES— MEANEY— In this city, December 28,
mi, by tbe Rev. Father Otis. John P. Jones
ani Marcaret A. Meaney, both cf San Fran-
rit.ro.
EHKKMAX- BOOTH— In Hongkong. November
;*. ISV9. by the Klght Rev. BUhOD Potter.
L».D.. of New York. P. L. Sherman of Ann
Arbur. Mich., and LuKa N., daughter oC Mr.
tr.d Mrs. L. A. Booth of Piedmont, Cal. No
cards.
THOMAS— NAQEL— In this city. Jsruary 4,
IMX). by the Ilev. Paul lire.::**. William
Thomas ar,a Meta Nasel, both of San Fran-
cisco.
588. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
residence. 641 Ninth street, near Brannan.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WASHER— In this ctty, January C, 1900, Min-
erva Washer, a native of Vermont, aged 79
years.
WARD— In Gllroy. January 3. 1900, Anthony
Ward, dearly beloved husband of the late
Bridget Ward, and father of Agnes, Anthony.
Alphonso, Luke. Monica and Douglas Ward
and Mrs. T. Griffiths, a native of Castle-
rock, County Mayo, Ireland. (Placervllle pa-
pers please copy.)
WINKELMAN— In this city, January 5, 1900,
Fred H. Winkelman, beloved son of Mrs. P.
H. Rulffs, and brother of Mrs. A. H. Ilnnns
and William I. Winkelman, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 29 years 10 months and 15 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
hln mother. Mrs. P. H. Rulffs. 601 Hayes
etreet. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
589. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a quarter; selling: three-year-oltls and upward:
purse. $500.
• t* 3 *"**" 8118 for Honolulu
y~ _ Wednesday. Jan. 10,
s,^^T>\ 1900. at 5 p. m.
Sfwmchine) S. 8. Moana satis tI«
G)1u1IIDIHU c/ Honolulu and Aucklan.l
/nmFfflr?U- for Sydney Wednesday.
„-._ \yiiinaicfcrjan. M at , p uu
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; tCIO first class.
;. D. br-ricCKfc LS i BROS. CO., Agtj., 114 Montuomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight OHlce. 327 Market SL
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 516 Market.
Time— U. :25%: H. :51U: %. 1:16%; mile, 1:42%; l%m. 2:OS. Good start. Won easllr
Second and third driving. Winner, J. Carroll's eh. m.. by Riley-Modesty.
Daisy galloped in. Topmast has apparently trained off. Tappan could not untrack him
self.
590. FIFTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; hurdle handicap; four-year-olds and up
ward: purse, $400.
"COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANBATLAHTIQTJE. *
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^i,^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November !. 1539. at «"*W*i»
10 a. m.. from Pier 4». North River, foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11- LA
AQUITAINE. Jan. 18: LA GASCOONE ' Jan
%• LA .£ OR ? ANDI 3 f eb - L Flrst-cUs, "o" o
Havre. $60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $43- 5 per
cent reduction on round trip GFvVtjai
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND civ
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldinz) New
York. J F. FCOAZI ft CO.. Pacific ' Coasl
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
•Coupled with Monlta.
Time— 2:oBV». Good start. Won first three driving:. Winner. W. B. Sink Jr 'a eh r
by Imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D. "
Rio Chlco an excellent fencer. Meddler weakly ridden. . Granger ran well I'niverattv
was the "good thing." i-«"ersuy
591. SIXTH RACE — One mile and a half: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse $400
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON. Tuea. Wed.. Thum. and Sat at 9tt
p-.e^Nor a 2 n(1 . ITel1 Tele a p nn h d on oef0 e fl Ma, n J1 l^ n - Str^^ I1 ''
FARE ,„
1 n— BOC
DIED.
BlrtetH. Zophsxlah Kelly. Hanora
Uonny. C*»or<ce Siartln. John
Brandt. George Mathes, Eugene
iireen. R'gira. Miles. Mr«. Elizabeth
Mrown. William O. Minarlk. John
Buckbee. Malana S. Molloy. I'eter
Burke. Garr'tt Mu-crevy. Martin
liumeU. Margaret A. Neumann, otto
Byrne. Anne O'Sulllvaa. Mrs. M.
•-lark. Jowph IloMnson. Calhertn*
L>"An.y. Ktiiel M. P«lin. Bridget
U:in<«y, William JSeiberlich. KYancls F.
IKiheny, Catherine Khamp. Roland B.
Farrer.. Ixirretta. fiiack. Eilard D.
Ford. Ellen t>t<Mnmann. Fridolln
Godfrey. William IL Sturm. Mrs. William
Orant. Paulina. T. Sullivan, Margaret
Hausman. Frank L Vetterleln. Elizabeth
Healey. Hannah Washer. Minerva
Hrnry. Johanna Ward. Anthony
KsJ.e. Joseph Wlnkelman. Kred IL
BIUDSALL— In this city. January 6, 1900.
Zophnnlah Birflrali. for nearly half a century
a zealous mmbf: ot Weils. Fargo & Co..
* native of New York State, aeed SI years.
CTJ^Tier.ds are re»p«-ctfuUy invited to at-
tend the funpraJ services to-morrowr (Mon-
•inj ). at 3J:tJ o'clock, at Memorial Hall. Odd
F«-»lows* building, corner Peventh and Market
strews. lr.term«T.t Mountain View Cemetery.
IJONNY— In liordentewn. N. J., January 4. ISOO.
of pneumonia. Oetrce Bonny, aged 74 years.
BRANDT— In this city. January «. 1&00. George
Branfit. beloved hurband of Elise liranflt. a
native ot A!ton». Germany.
BREEN— In this ctty. January «, 1300. ncplr.a,
bc'.oved douchter of John and Mary Bretn.
a native of San Franctsco, aged 2 months
and 11 daj-s.
BROWN— In this city. January 6, 1900, "VTll-
liam Graham Brown, a native of Scotland.
CyFrlen<ss are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral servicei Tuesday. Janu-
ary 8, at 1:30 o'clock, at the Masonic Tem-
ple, corner I'ost and Montgomery Etreets. un-
der the aujr>ic»n of California Lodge No. 1.
F. and A. M.
I3LCKP.EE— In this city. January 5, WOO. Ma-
iUr.a H.. wife of the late John R. Buckbee.
ar.d beloved ir.nther cf Alva C. Lojna M. and
Ocsaln B. Backb«-e end Mrs. T. H. Reynolds,
it native of New York, cged 74 - ears and 22
<!«ys.
CJTTh* fnnrrp.l **rvlc»"S will be held
this £zy fKundoy). at 1:30 o'clock, at her
}a'e residence. 372 i Twentieth etreet. near
•Jaerrero. Interment private.
BLT.KE— Tn this city. January «. 1900. Garrett
Burke, <!par!y beloved hunband of Mary A
lljrke. father or Itavid, John, Georce. Ed-
mond. Katie ar.J the late William Uurke. and
lirotlier cf Mr*. Ell.-n Brown, a native of Ire-
land, afd 12 years.
|7?n>-ni» and «."jua!ntanre« are respect-
ful!*' invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday}, at S:3n o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.. IMS Harnnon Btreet. between Twenty-
lour'n und Twi-nty-flrth, thence to St. Peter's
Chutch. Ala».*ma Ftrc»t, between Twenty-
fiHJrth and Ttrejjtjr-flftJi street*, where a sol-
emn requiem bigfe mi?j will be celebrated for
the reoore of hix miv). commenclnr at 9
r'clork. Interment Holy Cro*s Ometerj' by
rarrlfise. '
lil'liNETT— ln ihif. cUy. January 4, 1900 Mar-
tarrt A. Burnett, widow of the late' A. S
}U:rti r -tt. ac^-i 77 yrar*.
rm^meml services nt her late residence
JOO Frar.kJia ftreet. thig (Sunday) afternoon'
at i o'clock. Int«-mierit private.
EKYNE— In this city, January s, ijqo Anne
IKjxn* (fornier'.v Mrj. Kinith). a Stive of
Hnntry, Ireland. ac?d M> yearn.
C-yKrlends aad ac-".ualntanre.i Rr# r^j,...
fully invited to ftttewl the funeral to-n.oVrow
i Monday). «t J:4.i o'clock, from her !ate reii
<«enre, 2ft3 Hyde street, thence to St Man's
«-«Mi-dral. corner Van Ness avenue and
O'Forrell Mre~t. where a *ole mn requiem
rrisss wilt 1* celebrated fur the repose of n*-rn *- r
•«v!. oommrrnrlnc «t 9:30 o'clock. Intermert
".:.•"• Calvary cemetery.
t.LARX-In this city. January C. l&oo. Joseph
Oark. brother of Mrs. Ruswell Kerr of Frank-
lin Count*. Mo., and uncle of Mrs. William
.!ames Monru and HuKan Burk of Fan Fran-
cisco, a ratlve cf Missouri, aeed 72 years 6
month* and TA c"ayr.
CXFrleniß are re*r*ctfal!y Invited to at-
J>av» Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Fraaelseo.
¦ October 15. ¦
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:SO am S:ooam Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 a:n
8:83 pm 9:"0 am Petaluma. «:C5 pm 10:15 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roam. 7:25 pm i:2J ?ni
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:8 ana
Healdsburs;*
Lytton.
Gey»enrllla.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pra •:& ps»
1:30 am ' Hop .and and
S:00 am UXlah. 7:33 pm «:21 pra
7:30 am 110:23 ata
1:00 am Guernenito. 7:33 pm
»:30 pm «:23 pn »
1:30 am S:ooam Sonoma 19:40 am 1:40 aa
and
• :10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. l:«Spm 1:23 pra
7:30 am 1:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10 :2S am
1:30 pm 6:90 pm 7:33 pm| «:tt pra
26
ndex. Horse. Ace. Weight St. . Km. Hm. Km. Str. Fin.
... A. Baldwin Sr.. 4. ..106 10 ... 6 1 2 2 ... 1 1
473 Miss Reel. 4 96 8 ... 4 1 1 a ... 2 %
BT9 Draw Lass. 5 100* ... 3h 4» ... 4
443 Cymona. 4 96 1 ... 11 8 tt ... H
406 Wild Hot. 6 100 5 ... 1J 7 H ... 6H
847 Jockey Hill. 6 107 2 ... 6H 51 ... 6h
E5O MIM Soak. 5 100 12 ... BH 8% ... i
ECS Florence Kink, 4. ..105 7 ... 7 1 9 1 ... 8 2
C7S Delecta. 4 96 6 ... 11 H 6h ... 9 3
22i Fellcltp 4 96 9 ... 10 2 11 ... 10 2
... Hunch. '4 103 3 ... 2h 10 ... 114
678 The Ofl>rlnK. 4 101 11 ••• 9\j 12 12
Jockeyi. M
Vlttltoe
J. Walsh
T. Walsh
J. Martin
Helnson
Conley
J. Daly
Jenkins
Henry
Phelan
Hullman
N. Hill
I Betting.
|OP. Cl.
8 6
12 10
3-2 13-5
15 9
15 15
8 10
4 li>
6 8
6 6
6 15
6 10
' 7 10
ndex.
:. Horse.
Sofala
RathKar
I, aura Marie
Uly DUBS..
Carlonian ..
Woeful
Moonbrlght
Weight. St. Vim.
105 3
lCf. 2
c 107 5
....ior, *
io:, l
'.'".'.'.'.'"105 6 .'¦"
%m. ?im. Btr.
1 1
4 2
8 2
2 1
5 I
::: ::: V
Fin. Jockeys.
1 4 Bullman ...
2 n N. HIU
S ns Conlpy
4 4 T. Walsh...
5 4 Jenkins ....
6 2 MorKan
7 E. Ross
Betting.
Op. Cl.
. 6 6
. 8-5 7-2
. 3 7-2
S 6
5 3-2
4 9-2
8 15
ndex. Horse.
Are.
WelghtlSt.
Urn.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeyi.
, Bettlnz.
Op. Cl.
674 Red Pirate, 4 103 1 4 2
635 Alicia, a 103 S 8 M
602 Summer, 3 88 2 1%
6SO Terrene, 4 98 5 5 1
675 Rapldo. a 105 7 9 1
675 Rlxford. 8 89 11 10
... Glbbettifllbbet. 6. ...107 « 6 1
6E« Greyhurst. 6 105 10 8H
662 Prestome, 3 SS 9 7 1
678 Modwena. 4 102 4 2 1
... Mldian. 5 108 Left ...
8 h
1 1
52
8 2
9 2
« '4
10
7 1
2 h
2 h
8 4
: 2
4 2
6 1
6 h
7 2
10
8 V
1 2 Henry 4-5 4.5
2 3 EX Ross .4'- &
8 8 J. Martin 13 25
4 2 Helnson 10 »o
6 2 Jenkins is 15
6 2 Buchanan .... 29 1".
7 1 T. Walsh ie 15
8 Pullman IS 29
9 J. Walsh 1J 30
10 N. Hill 12 so
Conlejr 4 5
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
«m.
Mm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
677 Daisy F, 6 104 6 «H
677 Potente, 6 107 3 12
674 Scotch Plaid, 5 106 2 6
674 Topmast. 6 11l G 8 1
675 Meadowthorpe. 6 ..100 1 In
677 Tappan. 6 110 4 6h
2 n
1 2
5 '4
4 2
3 M
_6
2 3
1 n
5 8
3 V 4
4 Vi
1 1
! 1
5 n
4 3
6 12
6
114 Jenkins 8-5 8-5
21H T. Walsh 5-2 13-5
»J4 Vlttltoe 12 30
4 2 Spencer 4 14.5
520 Bullmun s 13
6 Thorpe 8 15
ndex. Horse. Age. "Weight. St.
lira.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
IBettlnr.
Op. Cl.
671 Rio Chlco, 4 126 5 2 1
... University, a 125 1 3 4
660 Meddler, a 130 4 1 h
453 Granger, a 165 6 4 3
(560) Monlta. a 155 7 8 2
sfio Rossniore. a 132 8 51
tCO Una Colorado, a... 123 » 7 1
660 Fl Fi. a 130 2 10
245 Watossa. 4 12S 3 5 4
379 Lomo, 8 ...128 U 11
E26 Duke of York 11. 6.155 10 « Vt
]
\\ \\ "¦ \l Moody 5 ]2
• \ i J . '•• * n Hennessey ... 8 12
I^4 JH ... 8 H Roulller 5 a
ifviS = if:-Sfi|i|i
• ¦ 7 1 ... 7 C Evans 15 11
'1 8 6 ••• 810 J. Sull'van 8 20
81 950 ... 9 ICO McKenna^:::: I J?
10 10 ••• 10 D. Henry 12 40
Fe" Tabernacle ... 5 12
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. Std. '/4m. %m. Str.
Std.
J /4m.
%m.
Str.
_, I . , IBettlnir.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
Bettlnc
Op. Cl.
(572) Chlmura, 4 101 2 2h 22 2 1 11
481 Forte. 5 105 4 ' 4 -¦:' 3 20 3 100 3 150
E77 Morlnel. 6 103 3 14 13 12 2 >i
£26 Lucid, C 105 1 3 n 4 4 4
1 1 Vlttitoe 6-5 J
2 3 Bullmen . i i
3 200 N. Hill 3 7-»
4 Heln«OTi 40 SO
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. Std. '/4m. %m. Str.
Std.
J /4m.
%m.
Str.
_, I . , IBettlnir.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
Bettlnc
Op. Cl.
(572) Chlmura, 4 101 2 2h 22 2 1 11
481 Forte. 5 105 4 ' 4 -¦:' 3 20 3 100 3 150
E77 Morlnel. 6 103 3 14 13 12 2 >i
£26 Lucid, C 105 1 3 n 4 4 4
1 1 Vlttitoe 6-5 J
2 3 Bullmen . i i
3 200 N. Hill 3 7-»
4 Heln«OTi 40 SO
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
«m.
Mm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
677 Daisy F, 6 104 6 «H
677 Potente, 6 107 3 12
674 Scotch Plaid, 5 106 2 6
674 Topmast. 6 11l G 8 1
675 Meadowthorpe. 6 ..100 1 In
677 Tappan. 6 110 4 6h
2 n
1 2
5 '4
4 2
3 M
_6
2 3
1 n
5 8
3 V 4
4 Vi
1 1
! 1
5 n
4 3
6 12
6
114 Jenkins 8-5 8-5
21H T. Walsh 5-2 13-5
»J4 Vlttltoe 12 30
4 2 Spencer 4 14.5
520 Bullmun s 13
6 Thorpe 8 15
ndex. Horse. Ace. Weight St. . Km. Hm. Km. Str. Fin.
... A. Baldwin Sr.. 4. ..106 10 ... 6 1 2 2 ... 1 1
473 Miss Reel. 4 96 8 ... 4 1 1 a ... 2 %
BT9 Draw Lass. 5 100* ... 3h 4» ... 4
443 Cymona. 4 96 1 ... 11 8 tt ... H
406 Wild Hot. 6 100 5 ... 1J 7 H ... 6H
847 Jockey Hill. 6 107 2 ... 6H 51 ... 6h
E5O MIM Soak. 5 100 12 ... BH 8% ... i
ECS Florence Kink, 4. ..105 7 ... 7 1 9 1 ... 8 2
C7S Delecta. 4 96 6 ... 11 H 6h ... 9 3
22i Fellcltp 4 96 9 ... 10 2 11 ... 10 2
... Hunch. '4 103 3 ... 2h 10 ... 114
678 The Ofl>rlnK. 4 101 11 ••• 9\j 12 12
Jockeyi. M
Vlttltoe
J. Walsh
T. Walsh
J. Martin
Helnson
Conley
J. Daly
Jenkins
Henry
Phelan
Hullman
N. Hill
I Betting.
|OP. Cl.
8 6
12 10
3-2 13-5
15 9
15 15
8 10
4 li>
6 8
6 6
6 15
6 10
' 7 10
ndex. Horse. Age. "Weight. St.
lira.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
IBettlnr.
Op. Cl.
671 Rio Chlco, 4 126 5 2 1
... University, a 125 1 3 4
660 Meddler, a 130 4 1 h
453 Granger, a 165 6 4 3
(560) Monlta. a 155 7 8 2
sfio Rossniore. a 132 8 51
tCO Una Colorado, a... 123 » 7 1
660 Fl Fi. a 130 2 10
245 Watossa. 4 12S 3 5 4
379 Lomo, 8 ...128 U 11
E26 Duke of York 11. 6.155 10 « Vt
]
\\ \\ "¦ \l Moody 5 ]2
• \ i J . '•• * n Hennessey ... 8 12
I^4 JH ... 8 H Roulller 5 a
ifviS = if:-Sfi|i|i
• ¦ 7 1 ... 7 C Evans 15 11
'1 8 6 ••• 810 J. Sull'van 8 20
81 950 ... 9 ICO McKenna^:::: I J?
10 10 ••• 10 D. Henry 12 40
Fe" Tabernacle ... 5 12
ndex. Horse.
Are.
WelghtlSt.
Urn.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeyi.
, Bettlnz.
Op. Cl.
674 Red Pirate, 4 103 1 4 2
635 Alicia, a 103 S 8 M
602 Summer, 3 88 2 1%
6SO Terrene, 4 98 5 5 1
675 Rapldo. a 105 7 9 1
675 Rlxford. 8 89 11 10
... Glbbettifllbbet. 6. ...107 « 6 1
6E« Greyhurst. 6 105 10 8H
662 Prestome, 3 SS 9 7 1
678 Modwena. 4 102 4 2 1
... Mldian. 5 108 Left ...
8 h
1 1
52
8 2
9 2
« '4
10
7 1
2 h
2 h
8 4
: 2
4 2
6 1
6 h
7 2
10
8 V
1 2 Henry 4-5 4.5
2 3 EX Ross .4'- &
8 8 J. Martin 13 25
4 2 Helnson 10 »o
6 2 Jenkins is 15
6 2 Buchanan .... 29 1".
7 1 T. Walsh ie 15
8 Pullman IS 29
9 J. Walsh 1J 30
10 N. Hill 12 so
Conlejr 4 5
ndex.
:. Horse.
Sofala
RathKar
I, aura Marie
Uly DUBS..
Carlonian ..
Woeful
Moonbrlght
Weight. St. Vim.
105 3
lCf. 2
c 107 5
....ior, *
io:, l
'.'".'.'.'.'"105 6 .'¦"
%m. ?im. Btr.
1 1
4 2
8 2
2 1
5 I
::: ::: V
Fin. Jockeys.
1 4 Bullman ...
2 n N. HIU
S ns Conlpy
4 4 T. Walsh...
5 4 Jenkins ....
6 2 MorKan
7 E. Ross
Betting.
Op. Cl.
. 6 6
. 8-5 7-2
. 3 7-2
S 6
5 3-2
4 9-2
8 15New York Stock Market.
SUtor TORK.Ja.n. I— The stock market suf
f»-re<2 to-day from a continuation of the liquida
tion for Berlin account. The volume of this
selling in- .New York was not formidable, but
the Ber.tim*r.tal effect of it was decisive la
driving prices downward throughout the list
«nd discouraging buylns; of stocks. The
further tharp decline In interest rates In Eer-
J'.n fend London precluded the explanation of
snoney stringency to account for the selling
and made It appear that its motl\-e was politi
cal. The friction b*tw«-en Great Britain
and G^rrrAny over the seizure of the
mail steamers »es not left alone as
an 'explanation, the reported moveracnts of
Ru^ian troor* toward the frontiers of
Af»fhar.istan arousing the apprehension of
further •mbarraEsr:ents for Great IJritaln. A
leading authority on the sterling market re
corded his opinion that, as long s.s the Trans
vaal war continued, gold would continue to
%o out from New York. The Hoard of Trade' s
return* of Great Entain's foreign trade for De
cember, ehowlng a d«xj<. a se Of over 523,000 000 In
imports and an increa?- of 55.300,C0U in exports,
taken in connertloh Mth the heavy selling of
sfcurlrles in New T'/rJc for London acwuat.
grjfs tc» fxplain Lord' ns continued control over
the: ictf-rnatlonal ciiangea and ability to draw
grtLA at wiil.- The liKhtnes* of the outward
movement of cotton from this country also
k^eps up the rate of sterling exchange. While
the selllnc for foreign account was beir,s exe
cuted there was no disposition to k»-ep above
the London parity and presxure against some
leading Industrials, enpecitLliy Sugar, was
•d4#?«j. ¦;-.*'•?'
With the e*«satlon of the London selling and
the appearance of toe tank statement there
•was an improvement la sentiment. Lof^s
were partly recovered and the closing w a * firm
on a K<~joi volume of business. 'fht- fact that
.th» eurrlu* reserve was malntain«-<1 and even
?lightly Increased. In the fac« of the gold ex
port movement and a loan expansion of $4,iC7 -
400, aSforded much encouragement over the do
mestic taoney ettuatlcn. The stock market
mo^ed in aa Irregular manner all week ard
th« . -motives of the operations have not be*a
fey any means clear. The confusion !« large
ly due to the fact that professional creators
mere clc*lnic up contracts to- -which they had
committed them«*!\eg in expectation of the
*'eek'.s events. Such a movement now usually
tends to nullify the' influence of the actual
?vent xvhea. it occur*. Thus. on» of the
rules In Ptock Exchange speculation is u> bur
In anticipation cf the early January" demand
caused by released dividends and interest
money e^klng Investment. Latt week's
etrernrth In .-¦¦•¦ ::f was due very largely to
this anticipaiwy buying and the enroilary of
this buying wrK>id be celling to take profits this
week, when thu dividend money began to be
<Hsbur*ed. But while or.c F,et of professional
speculators Is seeking to profit by the buying
cf what Wall street regards as 1 the outeide
fiubllc, there is always another »et aiming to
make profit but of the first set -themselves.
This week's events prove that very heavy lines
•of fchort contracts v.ere put out last wrek. on
the theory that anticipatory demands Tor stocks
would prove to have outrun the real demand
this week and th* attempt* to realise would
fcreak the market and offer opportunity to cover
«t a profit. This element has on their side
the :-n- _::¦.«¦:.? that the recovery In prices from
the level of the December panic had already
"outrun the usual rebound after such disturb
ance and that a reaction was due from the
»-.•:» of stock bought In the panic. The short
sellers arsrued, »!ko. that the money market
would not show linr&ediaxe relief aXter January
1 and that the return of disbursements to the
market fe in be retarded. Such speculative
¦commitments must be taken into account to
explain the apparent contradiction* In price
movements on new developments. The event
jMtjvt-d that the shorts miscalculated the extent
of the new investment demand and the relief
alne*<!y 1 rr-.r i~i to the money market by last
month' « drastic liquidations. Their operations
w#r* moonl)* in the mercurial Industrial special
*l«a, oot*Wy Sugar, and the demand to cover
tlxirt* t-.AK caused some excited advances and
It-verish llu-rtuations this week in that depart
ment of tb* '.ist. In the railroad list for the
most part changes were small, thourh -business
»»• active a.n.l well distributed. There *as
considerable selling to uJce profit by last
week's professional buyers and there was a
steady stream of liquidation for foreign ac
count until the latter part of the we«-k.
This was sttributed to Berlin account and
was not ful!y explained. The Berlin raoaey
queUtlQM did Dot chow a coadiUoa of etrin-
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of th» estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers ta fur
nished by J. B. Llppiacott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 60 miners' inches.
NEW YORK. Jan. C -FLOUR-Recelpts, 17 -
BSO bbli>: oj ports, 15.052. Quiet and steady
Minnesota patents, $3 8.1^4 C 5; Minnesota bak
*rs. $2 swf?3 10; winter patents. $3 60@3 s.v win
ter straita. $3 4<Hf3 45; winter extras, $2 55®
2 SO; winter low grades, $2 25*52 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25.6U0 bushels; exports
4740 Spot market steady. No. 2 red. 75c t. o'
b: No. 2 red, 72"4 c elevator. Options opened
steady, but promptly sold off under bear pres
sure at the west, lower cables, further local
unloading and free tales for short account.
Bullish Ohio crop news and a break in consols
had little or no effect. Later the market was
dull, closing weak afiifiHc net decline. March.
754 c; May, 74 7-l«@74*4c cloaed 744 c; July
74'«'574 9-l«c, clOB»d 744 c. ' *'
HOPS — Quiet; state, common to rood ISM
crop, 6c: 1837 crop, 7ft 9c: 1599 crop, 12514G- Pa
cific Coast, ISM crop, 6c; IS9B crop, 7®9c; 1839
HIDES— Firm; Galveston, 20 to 25 pound*
lfi'.ic; Texas dry. 20 to M pounds. i4Hc; Califor
nia. 21 to 2S pounds, 21^c. v 1"v 1 "' 11 *-
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 21«26c
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with June
five point* lower and. other months un
changed to five points higher. Sales ""1 000
bags, including January, $6 30; March, $s 40®
6 45; May. $6 50«6 60: July. $6 65; August $6 65
6 70: September, $6 75(36 80. Spot coffee— Rio
strong; No. 7, 7 6-16 c Invoice; No. 7. lobbin*'
7 13-16; mild, firm. J"uuing,
SUGAR— Haw, firm; fair refining, 3 13-I6c
centrifugal. 96 test, 4y 4 c: molasses sugar!
3 9-ICc: refined, steady; mold A, 5.20 c; etandard
A, 175 c; confectioners" A, 4.74 c: cut loaf. s.2ic
crushed. 5.35 c; powdered, 5.00 c; granulated"
4.9.ic: cubes, 5.3ta.
BUTTER-Strong: Western crenmery, 25@3Oc
factory, 17fi22V>c: June creamery. 24@2Sc- Imi
tation creamery, 19626 c; State dairy, 2Q©2So; do
creamery. 25®30c.
EGGS— Weak: State and Pennsylvania, 250
26c; Western ungraded at mark, 16®22c- West
ern. 24®25c, loss off.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW TORK. Jan. «.— Evaporated apples oulet
and steady; California fruits steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common
fifeS-Vie; prime, C*«@7c; choice, iHQSftc; fancy'
BM,*?*c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3W®Bc ncr
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13515 c; Moorpark 15<Z?lSc
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20<g22c; unpeeled, 74'giOc'
New York Grain and Produce.
Shipping Intelligence.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S2H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 MV4
Sterling Cables — 4 BJV4
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63
Mexican Dollars — 434
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures were somewhat lower, but
there was no change In spot prices.
Liverpool and Paris were both lower again.
Chicago reported a steady market, with trade
mo-stly local, thero being little export business.
Moderate liquidation by commission houses was
reported. The condition of winter Wheat In
Ohio was placed at "3.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 98\c@$l; milling.
$1 024®l 03»4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$1044; 16.000, $104%.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls. $1044; 4000,
$104 S.
Regular Mcrnln* Session— May— 6000 ctls
$1 OlS; 44.°00. $1 0«4. December— 2ooo, $10SH:
18.CC0. $1084-
BARLEY— Conditions remain unchanged. The
demand Is slow. /
Feed, 724 l S*so for No. 1 and 60@70c for oft
grades: Brewing and shipping grades. 8041874 -
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2000
etls, 70c. - • >•. ¦../;:
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls
704 c
OATS— Holders are firm enough and exact full
figures, but buyers are shy and the market Is
dull. White. $11O5?13O; Red. $1 OTUQI 30-
Gray. $1 074-91 "H; Black. S74c©sl 074. '
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at *7Ue©
$1024 Per f t! a/"*-.?*?'?" 1 -Yellow at $1 osy>
1074: mixed. »'i4c©sl 024. . .
RYE— sl@l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 «o©s 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; . Oregon
and Washington. $3 40®3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 25©J for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour. *3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. -S2 5O; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeai, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6®7 25; In. sacks. $5 76^7;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas.
$5 SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Mar. May.
Opening 5 1014 6 10
C1 ° SlnK "pARisV"- 610 * 51 °
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 13 20 19 00
Closing is 20 19 00
Flour-
Opening 24 00 24 JO
Closing '„ 24 00 24 go
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— CATTLE— With a gain of
SjOO In the week's receipts prices averaged
higher. Good to choice, $0 30®6 60; poor to me
dium, $4 20®3 20; mixed stockers, $3@3 75; se
lected feeders. $4 20-g4 90; good to choice cows
$3 60®4 90; heifers. $3 50^5;. canners. $2 2553
bulls, $2 6054 95: calves, $4®7 60; fed Texas
beeves. »4 10^5 50.
HOGS— Steady, closing a shade stronger; top,
$* eS4: good clearance. Mixed and butchers,
$4 2.*Sr* 50: good to choice heavy, $4 4034 524
rough heavy, $4 2CKJ4 35; light, $4 20@4 42V*. ; bulk
Of sales, $4 374<g4 45.
SHEEP and lambs steady; good clearance
Native wethers. $4 40<35 05; lambs, $4 5056 25-
Western wethers, $4 25#4 73: lambs $5 50<g« 23
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs, 28. 0w- sheep 2000
Exports and Imports of Specie.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.-The imports of specie
this week were $9762 gold and $40,260 silver.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries for this week aggregated $519,70 i
In sliver bars and coins, and $2,657,932 gold
The ImiKjrts of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York for this week were valued
at $10,205,913.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 6.-r-Consols, 9S 13-IC33S 15-19.
Silver, 27Hd. French Rentes, 93f 45c. Wheat
cargoes off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, nominally unchanged; cargoes No 1
Standard California, 29s 6d.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 6.— WHEAT— Dull; wheat
In Paris', dull; flour in Paris, weak
COTTON— Uplands, 4 13-32 d.
HOPS— Paclllc Coast, firm, £3 10s®£4 10».
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 6.— WHEAT— Futures
closed steady; March, 5s 10V4d; May, 6s lOd
Spot— Dull; No. 1 California, 6s 3d©6s 34d; No*
2 Western winter, 6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring
6s 14d.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed new, 3s
Mr old, 3s 6V4d. Ffttures— Steady: January 3s
6ftd; February, 3s 5Hd; March. 3s 5%d.
London Wool Market.
LONDON. Jan. «.— The arrivals of wool for
the first series of | the ' wool auction sales
amount to 176,838 bales. Including 61,000 for
warded direct.
Cables from Buenos Ayres state that the sea
eon's clip will probably be 40,000 short.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 6.— Clearings, $245,960; bal
ances. ?43,C23.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 6.— Wheat, steady, with
light business; Walla Walla, 52#524c; Valley,
52c; Blue Stem,' &35?54c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 6.— Wheat— Club, Sl4c; Blue
Stem, 634 c
gency sufficient to force large liquidation, and
alarming rumors of political complications be
t»«n Great Britain and Germany were depre
cated at official sources ; but the home demand
fcr securities proved sufficient to absorb of
ferings and sustain the level of prices. The
trunk lice group was notably strong, led by
New York Central. Speculative sentiment is
not very clearly formulated as to the prospect
for values. Investment consideration* rule for
the most part, and buying orders of this char
acter come in on any reaction and serve aa
a suriK-rt. On any considerable advance la
pricte they show a falling off. The high prices
ruling throughout the Industrial and commer
cial world cause ecrne questioning In Wall
street, where "the recent sharp leeson from
the coneequettcts of price inflation has been
taken to fceart. The growth of the proportions
of operating expenses of railroads, by reason
of high-priced material. In the monthly returns
published are impressive. The effects to eneue
from the advances in railroad rates now going
into force on the volume of railroad traffic
will be keenly studied in the light of complaints
by shipping • Interests. The well-nlled order
books in the departments of the iron Industry
give confidence la the existence of continued
prosperous conditions, but the future demon
stration cf the possibility of profitable con
sumption of high-priced primary products is
awaitc-d as an index of the duration of the pe
riod cf prcsrerlty.
The bond market has been less active than
stocks, the level of prices on present returns of
fering fewer attractions than in stock*. United
fc:ates Cs, oIJ 4e, new 4s and Ss advanced la the
bIJ price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
1,500 Reading Ist prefd 614
3uO F.eading 2d Drefd 254
R:o Grande Western 35
lUo Grande Western prefd El
St Louis & San Fran 94
- St Louis & £an Fran let prefd 6&
St Louis & fan Fran Id prefd S3
100 Sr Louts Southwestern 10*4
. too >t Loul» Southwestern pre'd 244
450 St Paul ....117H
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 11s
12.563 S^uunrrn Pacitlc 3G*i
£10 Southern Railway n^
l.y.i Southern Railway pretd BSVi
260 Texas &. Pacific li
11,350 Uniea. Pacific «»i
1.3;0 Union Pacific prefd 744
260 Wara^h 7»i
Wabaeh prefd .• 21
1,370 WbeetißC & Lake Erie r«H
100 Wheeling & I^ake Erie prefd 27*,
2&0 Wisconsin Central "..;.... IS4
Express Companies —
125 Adan-.s m
American 142
United t-tates .' 45
Weii>, Fargo & Co's 120
Miscellaneous —
»;0 American Cotton Oil 3334,
American Cotton Oil prefd s*o
American Malting" 74
SCO American Malting prefd 29
400 American Smelting & Refining 384
235 Am ?me!tinr & Kenning prefd SS
American Spirits 24
American Spirits prefd 1"
American Steel Hoop 4;%
440 American Steel Hoop prefd.... 874
4.55-J American Stee.l & Wire tf£
• American Steel & Wire prefd 92
111 American Tin Plate 314
American Tin Plate prefd SO 4
E,C?O American Tobacco K'A
American Tobacco prefd US,
250 Anaconda Mining Co 23
I?.7>j Brocklyn Rapid Transit 72
656 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42%
1.550 Continental Tobacco 23'
21'J Continental Tobacco prefd XX
7,125 Ff-deraJ i»teel r2r 2
1.125 Federal Steel prefd 72«4
Jf-O General Electric 1214
3dO Glucose Sugar &<|i_
Glucose Sugar rrefd 95'
600 lntcrn»tlonal Paper 23 a i
PlOO International Paper prefd ...67
2""' Laclede Gas 7j«
• ICO Natiocal Hiscuit '.25
ICO National Ulscult prefd $6
!i0 Naticnt.l I>ead »6
National Lead prefd x<>3
500 National Steel <2Vi
National Kteel prefd &2
100 New York Airbrake .....122
Wi North American 143^
Pacific Coast .• 571^
Facifle Coist Ist prefd $4
Pacific Coast 2-1 prefd C4U
I.C3U Pafiflc Mall 445;
2,fc10 People" 11 Gas 1,(37*
X.VA I'ressed St»el Car jji,
230 Prwisel Kt^el Car prefd &5
I*uilman I'alace Car is?
200 i-tandard Kooe &. Twine 9
30,400 Sugar 150*4
KUK»r prefd uj'
1.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron gju
3,^40 United States Leather vi,
4TO United Ptat<*s Leather prefd 74K
United States Rubber 42
1C tTnlted Ktatf-s Rubber prefd I<)4
310 Western Union 87
I>pufcjic Iron & Steel 21*4
Itepublic Iron .v St»>*-1 ;. 66
C C C Ac St Louis 7514
231. V% Shares fold.
1.541 Atchlson i3n
y>:.V, Atchlson prefd J6OH
3.025 Baltimore &- Ohio 6«H
Canadian i'aciflc 91' -
2M '"..--.a in Southern „. 43
9,2?. i ChPsapeake & Ohio 80*4
-00 i.'hicaKo Great Western 12«»
7,210 <:hioago Burlington & Qulncy I2ia-I
3f« Chicago Ind & LoulsviHe :... 15
Chicago md & Louisville prefd 47
100 Chicago & Eastern IHUnos 90
Chicago Ai Northwestern ¦.....¦.162
2,1€« Chi<-airo R-x-k Inland Jk Paclfle;;...Mo«
4,t*5 C C C & Pt Louis ?....;... (3^
100 Colorado S /uthern ;...... 5V4
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd ¦...'. 40
Colorado Southern Id prefd 144
2.CCO Delaware »t Hudson ........114V4
ZfA I>lfcwsr>! Lacfcawanna A. Western. .l 76
....... Denver* Rio Grande '. i?H
100 Denver* Rio Grmnde prefd i. ...... 67
Erie n
Erie Ist prefd 22
140 Great Northern prefd 170
Hocking Coal ....:... 15
100 H<vklng Valley 32
»») I'MnolK CenrraJ 111*4
100 lowa Central l»i*
lowa Central prefd 50
Kanse? City Pltt*burg &. Gulf S*4
Lak" Erie & Western 23 1 *
Lake Erie & Western tirefd S5
Lake Shore 2fiO
2.100 Lrraisvtlle- & NaPhvillft- .............. 78>4
6,640 Manhattan L ;..... 9l«*
1.543 Metropolitan Street Railway ITjV
Mexican Central 11^
Minneapolis & St Louis 59
....... Minneapolis A St Lculi prefd S3".
b.7^t MisKourt Va^lflc - 40 a i
100 Mobile & Ohio J3>i
....V.. MtSFourt Kan?as & Texa5......'.. S%
110 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd..:. 32V4
_ *°2 w J * r "*>" Central 115
8.548 New York Central 13*
2.O'J) Norfolk & Western 2SK
•• W0 ¦ Norfolk »¦ Western prefd 6S
2,«n0 Northern Paclflc E2«4
lIA Northern Pacific prerd 73' i
1.450 Ontario A Western 21*
Oreron Railway A Nay 42
¦V,\U 2r2 r " co !L Ua!lw »r & Nay prefd 76
MBO Pennsylvania IZV4
Reading i 7T t
CIX>SINO BONDB.
U S 2s reg 1024 N J C *ea E5..... .118^4
Do 3s reg 103>tjN Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s rer.. .134^1 Do 4s 106
Do new 4s coub.l34'* N Pacific lsts 110
Do old 4s r»g..,..1144 Do 3s «5^
Do old 4s c0up...1M4 Do 4a 103H
Do Es reg 1124 X V C & St L 45..10JU
Do 5« coup 113V.1N & W con 4s *F,
Dint of Col 3.635.. .11* J Do K en 6* 125
Atcol&on gen 45.... 9<tVOr Nay lsts 110
Do adj 4s, 7S-,j Do 4s 1014
Canada So 2ds 108 ,t)r Short Line '6s. ..130
Che B & Ohio 4H5... SS 1 *! Do con is 1104
Do 5s 115 (Reading gen 45.... 84
Chi & N con 75.. ..123 JR G W lsts SS
Do 8 F deb 59....118HjRt L &I M eon 5».U0
Chicago" term 4»... M St L& 8 P gen 6».129
p i it O Ist* 1024 5t Paul ooas 1674
Do 4s W.Bt P C A P 15t5. ...118
E T V& G 15t5. ...103 ! Do Es 11S4
Associated Banks' Statement.
Charters.
Ta« Gardlcer City loads zs«rcsaadlse for
E&nia Rosalia.
Tfc« Tlllle E. Starbuck loafis »ujrar at the
Eawaliaa Islands for De'.awart Breakwater,
for orders, $6— direct pert. $5 75.
The Invermay '.i chartered for wheat to
Europe, SSa 3d.
Bank Clearings.
Local *>ank clearing* last week were $U,454,
t&i. against $^.966,C54 for the ease week last
year.
Treasure Shipment.
Tfce Gaelic tock out a treaarre l!et of $12.52T,
CosslEting cf $S6^ in Mexican dollars. . $2515 in
Cc4d coin and $1200 in f::...:: Ellver and nickels.
Specie From Mexico
Ir-.port« of ei>ecie from Mexico In ISS9 were
14.154415, -agaian J." . vf.«.?4 in ISSS. as follows:
Eilver dollam. BAM; ellver bullion. $933, J15:
Cold bulUoa. JSOB.IOB.
Wcatlier Report.
(l^th Meridian— Paeiio Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 6. E p. m.
The follc-wlijß are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those cf same date last
t •_..-. aad rainfalls la :..--. 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.08 13. 0S
Red Bluli 0.00 X 4.0« 6.05
Sacramento 0.00 13.05 6. 25
S»a Francisco Trace 13.66 4.72
Frtsr.o O.W 6.0$ 2.61
I ndepon ier.ee COO 2.08 0.70
Fan Lj:s Oblspo 0.00 12. £7 S.C3
Lo« Anseles 0.00 4.57 0.b6
San D:ego- 0.00 I.«l 1.3U
Vuaaa „.. COO O.CS 1.32
6aa Francisco Cat*— Maxlsura temperature,
80; tr.inirr.Tim. El; meaa. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The yrees-jre Is beginning to fail slowly oa
the Oregon ccast. An area of high pressure
overlies Utah. Wyoming and Northern Arizona.
The temperature has re.T.a:r.ed nearly sta
tionary over the oountrj' west of the Ro?ky
Mountain*. In the great valleys of California
ar.d aJocg the coast north of Point Concep
tion the temperaiure is i decrees abova the nor
mal.
• The- followir.c river fiat* ts reported: - Eae
*Bjr.ento. rs.s feet and rising; Ban Jotujuin
bri£*e, 14 S fe«*; Tehama. 10 Je*t and rising;
CDlusa, 24 3 f«rt and falling.
Forecast made at Ean Frar.ciaco for » hours
•ndirg midnlitit January 7, 1S00:
Northern California — Cloufiy Sunday; show
ers in central ans northern portion; fresii
•outhfastcrly wind.
Southern California — Fa!r Sunday: light
corth«-rly winds inland, westerly on the coast.
Nevada— Fa:r EuruJay.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Par. Francisco ar.d vicinity— Cloudy gu-.<say,
probably rait;; brisk southwefteTly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
Articles— Shipments.
Flour bbls 308.000 3»,000
Wheat, bushels... 61,000 : 136,000
Corn, bushels 438, 000 91.000
Oats, bushels 251,000 141,000
Rye, bushels 3,000 . 4,000
Barley, bushels 52,000 35.000
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides «ra given In the Uft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
lecond time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld»
and. the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tlffes. as- sometimes occurs. The hetjthts
riven are In addition tr> the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus siirn (— ) precedes the h«i?ht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference l» th» mean at the lower low water*.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
gramme to expend this amount on much
needed improvements, notably upon the
proposed underground rapid transit rail
road. It is proposed that Brooklyn's op
position to the rapid transit road on Man
hattan Island be overcome by providing
liberally for the paving of the streets of
the borough on the other side of the East ¦
River and by deciding In favor of the
Coney Island Park.
THE STOCK MARKET.
United States Coast and GeodPtlo Survey-
Times ar.d Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Frar.eisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
tweaty-Bve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the Kama at both places.
BUNDAY, JANUARY 7. .
Silver and financial quotations unclianged.
Slight decline m Wheat futures.
Other cereals quiet and unchanged.
Beans weak and dull. Seeds motionless.
No change in Hay, Bran and other Feedstuff s.
Sweet Potatoes weaker again. Other Potatoes firm.
Peas end Beans still glut the market.' - :
Dressed Turkeys and Game scarce and higher.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fresh Fruits quiet and unchanged.
Dried Fruits stagnant, with a few narrow changes.
Provisions firm in the West, but quiet here.
Hogs coming in from Oregon. Beef and Mutton unclianged.
Shipment of $12,327 in treasure to China.
Weekly bank clearings ahead of 1899.
Fair trading in local securities.
62 90; large white, $2 30@2 60; Pinks, $2 60@2 65;
Keds. $3 2SQ3 60: Blackeye, 14 60: Butter*, nom
inal; Lima, $4 9005; Pea. f2 80-33 10; Red Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. 31?3%c: Yellow
Mustard. 4®4%c: Flax, $2 12%: Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
7®Sc; Rape, 2%©3 c; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy,
*©4%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 5001 90; Green. $1 73
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes were somewhat weaker. Other
Potatoes were firm. Onions remained as before.
The market continued choked with Peas and
Beans, J and only fresh arrivals brought the
top prices. Asparagus brought !0c per pound.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, si^SOc; River Reds,
65075 c; Burbanks. 50®S5c per sack; Salinas
Burbaflke, $I©l 25: Oregon Burbanks. 85c«$l 25;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 60@l 65' for Merced.
ONIONS— JIi&I 40 per ctl for ail kinds.
VEGEABLES — Green Peas. lS3c per lb;
String Beans, 2#6c; Cabbage, 4«X?SOc; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 50c$$l; Ege Plant from Los
Angeles, 10c; Dried Okra, 12%e per lb; Gar
lic*, 6@6%c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
2#3c; Dried Peppers. S-SlOc; Carrots, 30540 c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 73ctj($l per
box; Marrowfat Squash. $12#15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Game was scarcer and In demand, especially
in the afternoon, and a few sacks sold over
top quotations. Dressed Turkeys were also In
light supply and higher.
Four cars of Eastern will b« put on early
in the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14®15c for Gob
blers and 14915 c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. IS
©19c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings,. $1 73
it 2; Ducks, $4 So<3s oO for old and $4 SOftS 60 for
young; Hens, $4tfs; Yourg Roosters, $5®5 60;
Old Roosters. $46 4 50; Fryers, $t60<55; Broilers,
$4 5095 for large and $3 25®3 50 for small; Pig
eons, $1 per dozen for old and $2 60<S$ for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 75®2; Mallard. $3©4 W; Can
vasback, $3®4 50; Sprig. $2 60*33 50; Teal, $2®
2 50; Widgeon, $2: Small Duck, $1 50#l 73;
Dove«, 76c per doaen; Hare, $1 60^2; Rabbits,
$1 75Q2; Gray Geese, $3 50®4 SO: White, $1 50;
Brant, $t 75^3: Honkers, $5; English Snipe,'
$2 CO'g 3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for everything remain unchanged. The
feeling In Butter and Eggs Is easy, as dealers
expect Increased supplies, particularly of the
latter, from now on. Cheese remains easy, with
larger stocks. • '
BUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 26c; seconds, 23JJ
25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22<?22%c; good to choice, 13Q
20c: common. 13®17%c
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12c; old, UHe;
Young America, 12%'513c; Eastern, 15%^
16c: Western. 134<glSc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 2«f?3oc for store and 35337 c
per -dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storage.
18@19c for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh,
22&25 C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is no particular demand for anything,
and prices remain unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 2s@ 63c per box for common, 75c6U
for good. $1 25©1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4@S; Coos
Bay Cranberries, $1 per box.
Winter Pears, nominal. -
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50®2 23
per box: Seedlings, 65c@$l 25: Japanese Man
darins, $1 63©1 75; Pomelos, %I'Qi; Lemons, $1
@1 50 for common and $I1?2 .V for good to
choice: Mexican Limes, $4?J4 50; California
Limes, nominal: Bananas, $1 r,i;'g3 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 50<S4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A few changes In fruit will be observed.
The market Is still extremely dull.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%e for
40-60*, 4©4«4e for 60-60* s. 3%c for 60-70' s. 3%0
fcr 70-SO's, tc for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-IOCs.
Auricots, llg"13e for Royals, 12 1 H.'g!16c Tor Moor
parks and 12® 14c for Blenheims; Peaches, S@
6%c for Standards, 6@6%c for choice and 7c for
fancy: peeled Peaches. 12»i@15c; Evaporated
Apples, MiiS^Vic; Sun-dried, se;%c per lb; Nec
tarine.^?, Big.9c; Pears, 6i®7%c for quarters and
SfilOc for halves; Black Figs, 2%C3%c; White
Figs, 4V4e; Bleached Plums. Sff'c; Unbleached
Plums. '7S"%c for pitted and l^c for unplttfd.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson' s— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice. 7%c; standard. «%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless
£0-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. sVic
3-crown, »He; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers
J-crown. $1 60 per box; 8-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, JJ: Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S#loc; Walnuts, Btq9c for
standards and 9®loc for shoftshell; Ahnonda
im<3l2e .for. paper-shell. 9£loc for soft and 4»
oc for hard shell; Peanuts, s**®6\c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%SSc; Fil
berts. 121J12V4c; Pecans,, 11613 c; Cocoanuts,
$4 HKgo.
HONEY— Comb. 11HS12C for bright and 10%®
He for light amber; water white extracted, 7V*
fcSc; light amber extracted, 6\<Qlc; dark, sVjc
P *BEESWAX-24g20c per lb.
Proznsions.
The Western markets are reported strong,
but this market Is dull at unchanged quota
tions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lUe per lb for
heavy, B%c for light medium. IOHc for llrht.
12%0 for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured -
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12#12%c; California
Hams, nominal: Mesa Beef. 112 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13: Family. $14; extra Prims Pork. $14 50
extra clear, $17 50; Mess, $16 50; smoked Beef
14gl4Wc D«r lb. *
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 7%e for pure; half-barrels, pure Bc
10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c. '
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@7%e per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, HVic: medium, lie; light, 10% c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags, "V4c; Salted Kip, 10% c; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound. IS@lS%c: culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf.
20c; Sheepaklns. ytarllngs, 20@35c each; short
Wool. 35®«0c each; medium. 70©90 c; long Wool
$I©l 25 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 25<j?2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2
4c; renned. 6%c; *rease. 2%c
Fall Clip. San Joaquln plains, SfJIOc- South
ern, S@loc; Middle County, 11© 13c: Humboldt
and Mendocino, 16<gl7c; Kastern Oregon. lSgiijc-
Valley Oregon, ISftrSOc; Northern Mountain, free
ll® Me; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®11c
per lb.
HOPS— 639c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs continue to arrive from Oregon, and
seven or eight cars came In from there yester
day. ' There Is no scarcity ana prices remain as
before. Quotations for Beef and Mutton have
not chanced for some time.
BEKF— WAc per lb lor Steers and «%@7c
for Cows. :'•¦;.: ¦
VEiL- ?(B10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7&7% c; ewes, «%©7e per
pound.
LAMB— B<£S%c per lb.
¦¦ PORK— Live Hoct. H4e for small, s«ic for
medium and 5%®5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 6K@s%c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7©7Uc; Wool
.Bags. CSffSOo.
COAL— Wellington. $5 per toa; New Welling
ton *S; Southtield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle
$7: Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $g-
Co-operative Wallsend. $S; Scotch. ; Cum
berland $10 '" *"> !k an<l * 11 ** 1" sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel. $v per
ton: Coke. $15 p«»r ton In bulk and $17 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6\c:
Powdered. 6Hc; Candy Granulated, Sc; Dry
Granulated. *%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c: Cali
fornia A, ; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c:
Golden C, «Xc; barrels. l-16c more; half-bar
rels, Me more: boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %•_•
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 6%c;
boxes. a%c ocr 1b % , -
OlL— The Standard Oil Company announces
the following new quotations: Mineral §eal—
Bulk (iron bbls or drums). 21c; wood, bbls
23% c: cases, 27c. Mineral Sperm— Cases, !Sc per
gallon. - ¦ ¦
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900
Flour, qr sks 4,584
Wheat, ctls I.6<M)
Barley, ctls 4.205
Dats, ctls <50
Rye. ctls &3i>
Tallow, ctls 303
Cheese, ctls 59
Butter, ctls 275
Beans, aka 5
Potatoes, eks 1,255
Onions, sks g
Bran, sks 2,070
Middlings, sks 230
Sugar, sks $63
Hay. tons 293
Straw, tons 5
Lime, bb'.s 91
Sugar, bbls gio
Wine, gallons 51,500
Brandy, gallons... 7,100
Powder, car 1
Raisine. boxes B0
Pelts, bdls 4SO
Eggs, dozen 4,950
Leather, rolls 190
Hides. No 3,117
tuatlons were very narrow. May closed rather
easy, &c lower.
Provisions* after a period of despondency
over receipts of hogs, which were somewhat
lareer than expected, steadied later and held
to the close. May pork closed 7Vic over yes
terday. May lard a shade under yesterday and
May ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2—
January 65K ' «5H 65H 65%
May 69 63 68% 6SH
July 69% 69% 65% 69
Corn No. 2—
January 30^ 30% W% 30%
May ;... 33 33 32% 32T.
July 53% 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
January 22 22 23 »
May 23' i 23% 23* 23?4
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 10 56
May 10 70 10 83 10 70 10<85
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January .". 6 SO
May 6 924 595 6 87% 595
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 5 6214 5 62H S CO 660
May 570 675 S 67*4 575
WbbHf Gall $1.00 per Year
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are very dull, and the feeling li weak.
Concessions are necessary to effect- sales.
Seeds have not changed for a long time.
BEANS— Bayos, $3Q3 25; small White, H 75 j
Branch HydrwrraDblc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' . Exchange. San Francisco. Cal '
January 6. 1300.
The tlm« ball «n the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander, U. 8. N.. la chart*.
Titne Ball,
Growth of New York City.
¦As indicative of the growth of New
York City the latest annual budget shows
an increased real estate valuation of four
hundred millions. Under the New York
constitution this Increase enables an ex
pansion of the public debt by 10 per cent
or by forty millions. It la on the pro-
CHICAGO. Jan. 6.— May wheat opened at
CS?4©S9c. a shade over yesterday's close, the
Steadiness, which was lost almost Immediately,
being accounted for by unseasonably moist
weather in the Middle West and the fact that
the Liverpool decline' was less than the loss
here yesterday. Longs, however, discouraged
by the poor export business and the large
stocks, particularly In the Northwest, began
selling at the opening and kept It up through
out the session, with their ranks reinforced by
most of the scalping fraternity. The buying
was nearly all.aisrainst puts. Dullness charac
terized the session. May sunk to 68Hc, but
n< ar the cloee advanced on buying against pro
visions and closed weak, U©Hc under yester
day at 6S466SHC.
Cora was easy with vrheat. but closed a shade
nnder yesterday for May. The usual Saturday
dullness was ehown In the oata market. Flue
Chicago Grain Market.
There is no change In anything, and the mar
ket Is quiet nil around.
BRAN— SI 2 50&13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7«2O per ton. . : :; ;
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50@17 60
per ton: Ollcuke Meal at the mill. $26627; Job
bing, $27M@28; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
meal, $2S 60*r24 £0; Cracked Corn. $J4*#2S; Mixed
Feed, $16 50«17; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 6O©B 60 for common to rood
and $3@9 50 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7©9:
Oat. $« 60©S: Barley. $s<g6 50: Alfalfa. $s@* per
ton: Compresiwd. $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— CifrsOc per bale.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. 1500
TO SAIL
SAILED.
Saturday. Jaauary t.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleta. Crescent City.
Etmr WestDort. Peterson. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Hill. Victoria aad Port
Towns«nd.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littleseld. Seattl*.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. — %
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. Eureka.
Stmr Emclre, Nelson. Coc» Bay.
Stmr South Portland. Hall. Naralrr.-x
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoelno.
Btmr Albion. Wlnkel. Albion.
U S ttmr Bear, Tuttle. San Diego.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. Hongkong and Yoks*
hama. via Honolulu.
Bark Kate Davenport. Merrisian. Port Blak*>
ley.
Haw hark Mauna Ala. Smith. Honolulu.
Bkta Tropic Bird. Jackson. Tahiti.
Schr Neotune. Estvotd. Grays Harbor.
Schr Del Norte. Jacobaon. Su!s!aw RlTer.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Ida Schnauer. Sorenson. Port Gamble.
Schr Anna, PueHberg-, Unga.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. Jan t. 10 p m— W»»th«r
cloudy; wind south, velocity 6 mUea.
SPOKEN.
Dec 17. lat « 8. lon 31 W— Br ship Marten
Fraxer. from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS. i . f
ALBlON— Sailed Jaa 6— Stmr Scot.a. for Saa
Francisco.
Arrived Jaa t — Stmr Tlllamoolc. henea Jaa S.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jaa (—Stmr Del Norte.
for — .
Arrived Jaa S— Schr LotU? Carsoa. from Eu
reka. . -
ASTORlA— Arrived Jaa •— Btmr G«o W Bdar.
hence Jan 4.
EUREKA— A rrived Jaa •—Star AI!c« Blaa
ehard. hene* Jaa •; schr Ottilia Fjord, tronx
Hllo.
SailM Jan «— Steam Samoa and Pomona, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jaa «— Stmr Noya. for
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEXD— ArrIred Jaa •— Br!«
Leslie D. hence Dec 17: Br stmr Port Albert.
from Mant'.a.
REDON DO- Arrived Jaa B— Stair Grac» Dol
lar, hence Jan 3.
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Newsboy, for — — .
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan J— Schr dtallesgsr.
hence Dec 23.
Sailed Jan «— Br itmr Eloeiafanteia. for
Honolulu: ship Spartan, for Saa Fraactsco.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan «. 9:30 a ra—Stmr
Homer, from Eureka, for San Diego.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Whltes
boro. hence Jan 5.
TACOM A— Arrived Jan S— Br ship GUndale.
from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arriv«d Jaa S— Scar Joha
F MlUer. hence P*<* 30.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Jan 2— Br ship Aa
gerona. fmen Liverpool. ¦¦:¦¦ ..- >
VICTORIA— SaiIed Jaa I— Br bark Senator,
for Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Nov JC— Br bark
Norfolk Island, for Honolulu.
MANTLA— Arrived Jan «— Br itmr Victoria,
hence Oct 17, via Guam, la tow.
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Ohio, for San Francisco.
Jan 6— Stmr City of Puebla. for San Francisco,
via Nar»»*ki. /
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to> Jan •— Br
strar City of Dublin, from Tacoma; Br strr.r
St Iren<». from Tacoma.
HAMBURG— Arrived prior to Jaa C— Ger bark
Prompt, from Port Blakeley.
SHIMONOSEKI— SaiIed Jan s— Br stmr "Vic
torious, for Onemalnus.
CHEMAINUS— Palled Jan *-Sh!» J B Brown,
for Sydney, via Port Townsrnd.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— ArrtveJ prior to Jan 6— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkon;.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan «— Stmr ThinyvaKa.
for Copenhagen, etc; stmr Honoria. f"r Ham
burr: stmr Statendam. for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Jan *-stmr St Pro!.
fn>ra Southampton, for N.w York.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Jan «— Stmr
City of Dublin, from Tacoma, Tla Yokohama;
stmr ft Irene, from Twcotna.
BRISBANE— SaiIed Jaa «— Stmr Miowera. for
Vancouver.
HAVRE— Palled Jan «— Stmr La Gaseorne. ¦
for N?w Tcrk.
ANTWERP— CaIIed Jan «— Stmr Frleslana. for
New York.
LIVF.RPOOL— Sailed Jan «— Stmr Etruria. for
New York. • ¦ - - • *
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January t.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgesson, 43 hoars from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Willamette, Hxr.se-. SI hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Cleone. Hizgins. 22 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. 2& hours from Fort
Brags.
CLEARED.
Saturday. January «.
Stmr South Portland. Hall. Oyster Bay; Jaa
Taylor.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helma. Guayxnaa: Good
all. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria: ORtN Co.
Stmr Nona Fork. Bash, Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
Stmr Cxartna. Seaman, Peattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. Saa Pedro: Ooodali.
Perkins A Co.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O A O S S Co.
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith. Honolulu; Hind.
Rolph A Co.
TO ARRIVE.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. — The Financier cays:
The New York banks continue to gain slowly
In cash holdings and surplus reserves, despite
the drain made upon them In the way of gold
exports. The Clearing-house institutions report
at the end of the week Just ended $539,650 cash
above the amount held at the opening of the
year, the surplus reserve standing at $11,757.
725. The expansion for the six days endlnic
Saturday Is of more than ordinary interest,
since it was made in the face of an Increase of
nearly $3,000,000 of deposits, which, of course,
tied up about $2,250,000 In additional reserve
requirements. Th« gain in cash was $2,516,200.
of which the greater part was in the form
of legal tenders, due to receipts from the in
terior. Loans are $4,107,600 higher. The annual
dividend disbursements at this center have
duutitless affected the statement, and a detailed
analysis shows that there have been some un
usually heavy changes in the totals of larcer
banks, but viewed in all lights the exhibit
Is to be considered very satisfactory- The in
terior movement In particular la assuming
larger prorxjrttons than had been expected.
During January of last year the banks gained
weekly something like $7,000,000 In cash, the
surplus reserve rising between the opening and
the cloee of the month about $20,000,000. The
gain so far this year has been proportionately
heavy, but the exports of guld of course oper
ate to keep the excess cash at a low figure.
Still the banks are moro than holding their
own ar.d are demonstrating an element of
strength which must b« looked upon as gratify
ing.. • Under the circumstances the outlook fa
vors a rate for funds not materially different
¦from that now prevailing. How long exports
are to continue Is an uncertain problem, but
as conditions governing the outflow of gold
are entirely favorable to the United States,
both In inception and results accruing, the in
cident of exports Is not viewed with any de
gree of apprehension. Present operations are
In the nature of loans to Eurose. If the re
turn statement Is made In the form of an
American security the United .States has only
added to Its wealth and canceled a certain
Percentage of yearly interest now remitted
abroad.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was heavy renewal to-day of the Berlin
liquidation, accompanied by political rumors
In connection with the seizure of German ves
sels bound for Delagoa Bay and the Russian
movement of troops In Afghanistan. ,
Nothing authentic was given out. Americans
suffered most, but other Continental centers
sold Epfciaities. The London market was dead,
simply allowing foreign sales to depress prices.
The Bank of England bought £150.0n0 gold In
eagles and XII.OOJ in German coin. Money was
superabundant and bills were Idle.
The Board of Trade returns for December
show import* down 10.2, but an Increase for
the year of 3.L Exports for the month are up
2 and for the year Increased ».4, the latter
figure excluding- shipbuilding.
CLOSING
LONDON. Jan. 6.— Canadian Pacific 93U-
Union Pacific preferred. 76V«; Northern Pacific
preferred, 74 vfc; Atchlson, 1S»H ; Anaconda. 6V
Grand Trunk. 714; bar silver firm. 274 d cer
ounce. '
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON.. Jan. 6.— To-day* s statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $252,t05,790; gold reserve
J22J.272, 47i. '
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 22(g'29c; dairy 17iffl
25c. Cheese, firm, 12<i?12%c. Eggs, firm; fresh
20c.
Erie cen 4s M^iSo Railway 65. .....106%
F W A D C lsts.. 734 Stand RAT 6«... JOV4
Gen Electric 55. ...119 iTenn new set Bs.:. 94
GH&S A 6s 10$ iTex A Pacific lsts.lllti
Do 2ds 105 1 Do 2ds 54
H &. T C Es IOSKiU Paclrtc 45... 1024
Do con 6s lllVi-Wabash lsts 113H
lowa Central lsts.lll 1^! Do 2d5.. ........... 99
KCP A G lsts... 6S West Shore 4s 11014
La new con 4s 103' i Wls Central Ist*... 89H
LAN unl 4s W»ilVa Centuries S5
M X A T 2ds 6TS4! Do deferred 3
Do 4s SJ^iColo & So 4s S3
NYC lsts lOSUIEo Pacific 4s 81
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14 Ontario T S5
Crown Point. 10 Ophlr 64
Con Cal A Va 1 4S;Plymouth 8
Deadwood Eo ; Quicksilver 175
Gould A Curry lSj Do prefd 800
Hale A Norcross... SojSierra Nevada 41
Homestake 65 00i Standard 8 40
Iron Silver MjUnion Con 24
Mexican 2S I Yellow Jacket...... 18-
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS..
Money— ,West End...... 92* i
Call loans 6{?7i Do prefd ....11l
Time loans 6<g7j Wisconsin Central. 19Vi
Stocks — I Dominion C0a1.."... 45
Atch T & St Fe... 19»»i Da pr« M....115
Do prefd 61H Bonds— :
American Sugar... 131*i' Atchlson 45........ 98
Do prefd 115 j Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 341 [Adventure 6
Boston & Albany.. 242 Allouez Mln C 0.... 3
Boston Elevated.... 98% Atlantic 25
Boston A Maine... 2o2 jßostonj Boston A Montana.2S3
Chi BA Q 122 Hutte A 805t0n.... 50
Ed Elec 111 205 jCalumet & 11ec1a..752
General Electric... l 22 Centennial 1?»4
Do prefd 137 iFranklln 144
Federal Steel smHumboldt 1
Do prefd 74 jOsceola 73
Mexican Central... ll»4!Parrot. ex div 42^
Mich Telephone ion Ist Fe Copper 6»i
Old D0mini0n..... .212 : Tamarack ISS
Rubber 43 ) Winona 414
Union Pacific *6%\ W r olverin»» ........ 40
Union Land S'ilUtah 29
Westlnghs Elec... 404
Business In local securities was fair for Sat
urday, but there were no changes worthy of
remark.
The Onomea v Sugar Company paid a divi
dend of 35c per share on the 4th. amounting
to 117,500.
The Hume Bros. A Hume, salmon packers,
have declared a dividend of $13,135, or $7 80 per
share, payable In monthly Installments of 65c
per share, .beginning on the 15th of January.
and on the same date monthly thereafter for
the year. * '.
A dividend of 25c per share Is payable on
the Bth by the Apollo Mining Company of
Alaska, aggregating $70,000. The same company
paid a dividend of 40c per share, or $30,000. last
January.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. «— ll m
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds-
Is quar coup.. — —
4s quar re*... — 114t»
4s quar new... — — '
3s quar coup.. 109 —
Miscellaneous —
Cai-st Cab Ss..HSV4 —
0 C Wat 55..1C8 —
Ed L A P 65. .130 —
F A Cl Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R Ss. — 93
H C A S 5145. .113 —
H C A S 85....106U —
L A Ry os 103 104
L A LCo 65.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.. — 102
L A A P R 55. 101 1034
Market-st 65...123\4 —
Do Ist M 5»..11«Vi —
N'CNORh.- —
NR of Cal 6s. — —
N R of Cal 55.112»4113\
NPC R R 68.102 —
NPC R R Ea.KM —
N C R R 55... 1)9 —
O G L A H Cs.lOS 110
Oak Tran 85... 115 116
Dak W Co 53..10S —
Dceanlc SS Co. — 105
On C Ry Js... — 126H
P A Cl Ry 65.. 104*4108
Pk AO Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s — 121
Sac El GAPJs — —
S F A N P 55.112»4 —
S F A SJV 65. 115 —
S Ry of Cal 6s. — 109%
S P of A 65. ...100% —
S P C 65(1505).10S 110
SP C 65(1906).1U —
SP C 65(1912). — —
SPCIs eg sa. — —
S P Br 6s 124*4124%
S V Wat 65.... 114 —
S V Wat 45. ...103 : —
S V W4s(3dm).lol^ —
Stktr Gas 6s. .101 105
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 73% 7$
Vlarln County.. 50 —
Spring Valley. 91 —
Gas A Electric —
Cent Gas C 0... — —
Bid. Ask.
Cent LAP....— s*i
Equit O L Co. 4Ti 3 l »
Mutual El Co. — IS
OG L A H.... 43 —
Pac Gas ImD.. 43 —
Pac Light Co. — 4i
S F G A E.... 43>4 43%
San Francisco. Z\ i
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Firem's Fund..23> 130
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. S3 —
Bank of Ca1.. .403 —
Cal S D A T.. — M
First Nation!.. 2CO —
Lon P A A. ...131 132H
Merchants' Ex — IS
Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Savings ' Banks —
Ger S L L...17J0 —
Hum SAL.— —
Mut Say Bk. S7H —
S F Say U.. — —
Say A L So. — —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 11TH120
Geary-st E0 —
Market-st Ry.. «o*i lIH
OS L A H.... — M
Presidio IV-% 25
Powder Stocks—
California I*o 17$
E Dynamite... $5 —
Giant Con Co.. 93 —
Vlgortt > Stt
Sugar Stocks—
Hana P C 0.... 7% T%
Haw C&9Co 67 grs
Honoka* S Co. 81 31**
Hutch S P Co. 2« 27
Kllauea S Co.. — 2H4
Makawell 8 Co 4414 43
Onomea 9 Co.. 2S 29
Paauhaa S Co. 23 —
Miscellaneous—
Al Pack A3sn.ll7H —
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co. W4 X
Pac A F A.... 1H 214
Pac C Bor C 0. .1*5 —
Par Paint Co.. »% —
Moraine Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 5 CO
25 Hana Plantation Co T 87V4
10 Oceanic Steamship Co »3 £0
245 Paauhau S P Co IS 00
100 S F Gas A Electric Co 43 00
25 S F Gas A Electric Co 43 30
66 P F Gas & Electric Co 48 75
61 Spring Valley Water 91 00
J3.000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 115 00
»2.fi00 Oakland Transit Co 6s 115 60
J7.0"0 S P Branch Ry 6s bonds 124 50
$350 U S 4s bonds (coupon) 113 «0
Street—
100 Spring Valley 11 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
4 Blue Goose 14 75
3W Burlington 1 00
200 Dominion ?>
COO Dominion 45
SO Home Oil - 4 00
EO Home OH * C 5
M National « 62V4
60 National « 75
290 New Hope 1 ?<>
SCO San Luis & 37* i
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
KQ Barker Ranch 115
2ZO Century O!l Co 1 00
3.*n Century Oil Co ». .' SS
3C> Century Oil Co 90
100 Anaconda Oil Co ..i. 1 70
ICO Anaconda Oil Co 1 73
Street—
100 Anaconda Oil Co ITS
MINING STOCKS.
Following wer» the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exch.-.nge Boar! yesterday.
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 11l SM Potosi 21
100 Best A Belcher. 22 j 2fO Savage 05
EOO Chollar M 100 Sierra Nevada.. 43
100 Con Cal A Va..l 43 100 Union Con 24
100 Mexican 31 -
Following were the sales in toe Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 11! 400 Gould A Curry. 24
200 Belcher 10* 300 Gould A Curry. 23
$75 Carters O M Co 19 150 Hale A Nore... 39
100 Caledonia 46! 300 Mexican 31
300 Chollar 19 500 Overman 09
600 C C & Va 1 30i 2CO Potosl 22
830 C C & Va 1 47H1 300 Sierra Nevada.. 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. «— ll m.
Bid. Ask. | , Bid-Asfc.
Alpha '. — 04IKentuck ©1 03
Alta 04 CVL.i<iy Wasasfftn — 02
Andes 11 UiMexlcan to 31
Belcher 10 ll.Occldental 17 —
Best & Belcher. 23 24'Ophlr TO 71
Bullion 03 04|Overman ....... 09 11
Caledonia 48 43;Potosi 31 22
• 'hollar IS 19 Savage 09 10
Challenge Con.. 11 12 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 6") 64iSeg Ilelcher 03 04
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 50! Sierra Nevada.. 43 44
Con Imperial... — OlJSllver Hill 04 05
Con New York.. — 04 Pt Louis — 03
Crown Point.... 11 13 Panadard SCO —
Exchequer — ©2.Syndicate — 05
Gould A Curry. 23 25 Union Con W 27
Hale A Nora... 3S 40; Utah 04 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 23 23
Justice 03 041
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAX- FBAXGISGO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Cash quotations were as follows: No. 3 spring
Wheat. 62»; < 5C6c: Xo. 2 red, 6"H's6S^c; No 2
Corn. 3094 c; No. 2 Oate, 22H£23»4c; No. 2 White
25\ 4 S'2o l 4c; No. 3 White, 24K@25Kc; No. 2 Ryej
62?* c; No. 2 Barley, 3Si§42e; No. 1 Flaxseed.
$lf,lH: prime Timothy Seed, $2 33; Mess Pork,
par bbl, {9 25® 10 60; Lard, per 100 lbs. $5 63®
552V6: Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 56^5 75; Dry
Falted Shoulders, boxed. SV-'S^c; Short Clear
sides, boxed, $5 75@5 80; Whisky, distillers*
flnUhed goods, per gallon, $1 23y».
WOOL-
27
I S#cond Twt.
DATE.
1393. I \m.
iecember 24
December 25
December 26.
December 27
December IS
iecember 29
December 30
205
165
ISS
130
130
130
100
1100
1200
1045
1045
1200
1200
130
tecor
F
DATE.
ISDB.
isaa.
December 24
)ecember 25
Vcember 2i.
.'fcrabfr 27
>ecember 2.8
Jecember 29
>ecember 30
STO
800
44«
330
330
3SO
330
74S
T45
C9O
<90
C9O
C9O
630
iSecon'
Id Ft.
i Canals— lS*).
DATE.
)ec. 24
Jec. 25
>cc. 2«
>c. 27
Jec. 2S
>«C. 29
)ec. 30
IS3S I
260
ISO
ISO
ISO
HO
140
| IS9O
3530
SS3O
40T3
3590
3594
«75
3530
| Mlntnj. TurtocJc j Totl.
Jl 24
2* 24
M 24
!4 24
U 24
24 24
24 24
yO, New Moon,
ju. Mo To. We Tb. Ft. 9a. W January 1.
< * a i 5 a" "ft First Quarter,
J_ * * * J? January ft.
t « » 10 11 13 11 FnllMoon,
7TIT ITlTir IT 7 w jMWy "•
— Last Quarter,
t\ 73 2i U t& M_ Tl %£. January 23.
3a 29 iM 31 yS\ Kew Moon,
— — — — W January 3U.
Sun rises
Sun nets....
Moon seta (flr»t quarter) . .
.7:W
.5:07
1. m.
C (Time! ITlm«!
» Ft. Ft.
• HWi- LW
I Time I Time 1
Ft. '
H W (L. W
Ft
1 ...I 4:05 5.« i 10:26, 1.5
J ...j 4:31 8.?! 11:40 i 1.1
» ... 6:42! 5.1! 12:4S 0.«
3) 4:40t 4.2! 10:00!
1 «:05' 1J: U:00i
t! 7:* l! S.S! J.
;l w ;h w
1.7
2.3
» ... o:>n !.7 I:JS «.O
ii ... 1:05 3.0 raa\ «.o
1> ... 1:17 1.1 *¦•¦>< « i
I) 1:32! 0.1 5:47
J I:4S'— 0.4 9:47
4.0
4.1
A A
i* ...i i.">\ a.ii g:^;, s.i
13 ...| 3:04| Z'X »;i3. «'.!
1: 4-20 — ois 1 uini
i 4.7
Steamer. }
j From. I Due.
JTonw j
Hongkong Mara
A!»o* ....: I
Waahtenaw ....]
Santa Rosa
San Juan.
Utnatllla
Pomona
Samoa j
Tellus !
Robt. Adaciaon.'
Wellington i
Prcgreso '
Cocs Bay !
Miami
State of Ca1....
Corona :
Point Arena
Crescent Clty... !
North Fork
Queen
Moana
Matteawan
A. B. an chard...
Bonlta
An-ata.
Aloha
Columbia
Aberdeen '
China
Volumnla !
_J
Portland [Jan.
China and Japan 'Jan.
'China and Japan [Jan.
JTacoma J;m.
San Diego [ Jan -
Panama I Jin.
Victoria A Puget SoaadjJaa.
Humboldt.... Jan.
JHumboldt Jan.
(Departure Bay... Jan.
.Nanalmo Jan.
(Departure Bay Jan.
JTacoma I Jan.
Newport I Jan.
]Seattle ]Jaa.
iPortland Jan.
i?an Dleso Jan.
Point Arena Jan. :
¦Crescent City Jan. :
H-^mboldt , Jap. :
Victoria A Puget Sound Jaa.
Sydney Jan.
Tacoma Jan. :
Coos Bay Jan.
Newport Jan.
Coos Bay ¦ Jan.
Crescent City Jan.
Portland ........[Jan.
'Portland [ Jan -
China and Japan.. .......'Jin.
'Hambursr I Jan.
r
7
:
7
7
7
7
7
7
i
i
i
i
)
9
!J
U
11
U
11
13
12
v
12
1.1
11
13
15
19
n
Steamer. I .Destination.
. | . Sails. I Pier.
I
bon'.ta Newport
Curacao ....M^x'.c0. .......
Columbia ..(Portland
Acapulco ...Panama
Arcata 'Coos Bay
Coqullle Rv|Gfays Harboi
Al2ha (Crescent City
!Jan. T. » are Pier U
Jan. 7. 10 am; Pier U
Jan. I. 10 ami Pier M
..'Jan. S, 12 miPMSS
..Jan. 8. 10amPt«r 13
ir:Jan. 8. 1J m!
r.JJan. 8. 3 pm.Pler 2
Santa Rosa. San Die«o
Pomona ....jHumboldt.....
Erunswick .jHumboldt
Samoa JHumboldt.....
Australia ..Honolulu
Coos Bay.-- Newport
Umatllla ...Vic * Prt Bd.
State of Call Portland
Corona (San Diego
Pt. Anna., j Paint Arena.,
A. Blanch" d:Coo» Bay
North Forlc.lHumboldt
.. Jan. 9. 11 am.PIP- 11
.. Jin. 9. 2 pm'Pl^r J
.. Jan. 9. lOamjPler 23
..Jan. 10, lOaaiiPierll
..Jan. 10. 2 pmjPler 7
..Jan. 11. 9amPlerll
I. Jan. 11. 10 am, Pier »
..Jan. 13, 1» am Pier 24
..Jan. 13. 11 anvlPler 11
..[Jan. 13, 2pa Pier 2
..Uan. 13 !
..Uan. 14. 9 anv Pier 2
yO, New Moon,
ju. Mo To. We Tb. Ft. 9a. W January 1.
< * a i 5 a" "ft First Quarter,
J_ * * * J? January ft.
t « » 10 11 13 11 FnllMoon,
7TIT ITlTir IT 7 w jMWy "•
— Last Quarter,
t\ 73 2i U t& M_ Tl %£. January 23.
3a 29 iM 31 yS\ Kew Moon,
— — — — W January 3U.
Steamer. I .Destination.
. | . Sails. I Pier.
I
bon'.ta Newport
Curacao ....M^x'.c0. .......
Columbia ..(Portland
Acapulco ...Panama
Arcata 'Coos Bay
Coqullle Rv|Gfays Harboi
Al2ha (Crescent City
!Jan. T. » are Pier U
Jan. 7. 10 am; Pier U
Jan. I. 10 ami Pier M
..'Jan. S, 12 miPMSS
..Jan. 8. 10amPt«r 13
ir:Jan. 8. 1J m!
r.JJan. 8. 3 pm.Pler 2
Santa Rosa. San Die«o
Pomona ....jHumboldt.....
Erunswick .jHumboldt
Samoa JHumboldt.....
Australia ..Honolulu
Coos Bay.-- Newport
Umatllla ...Vic * Prt Bd.
State of Call Portland
Corona (San Diego
Pt. Anna., j Paint Arena.,
A. Blanch" d:Coo» Bay
North Forlc.lHumboldt
.. Jan. 9. 11 am.PIP- 11
.. Jin. 9. 2 pm'Pl^r J
.. Jan. 9. lOamjPler 23
..Jan. 10, lOaaiiPierll
..Jan. 10. 2 pmjPler 7
..Jan. 11. 9amPlerll
I. Jan. 11. 10 am, Pier »
..Jan. 13, 1» am Pier 24
..Jan. 13. 11 anvlPler 11
..[Jan. 13, 2pa Pier 2
..Uan. 13 !
..Uan. 14. 9 anv Pier 2
Steamer. }
j From. I Due.
JTonw j
Hongkong Mara
A!»o* ....: I
Waahtenaw ....]
Santa Rosa
San Juan.
Utnatllla
Pomona
Samoa j
Tellus !
Robt. Adaciaon.'
Wellington i
Prcgreso '
Cocs Bay !
Miami
State of Ca1....
Corona :
Point Arena
Crescent Clty... !
North Fork
Queen
Moana
Matteawan
A. B. an chard...
Bonlta
An-ata.
Aloha
Columbia
Aberdeen '
China
Volumnla !
_J
Portland [Jan.
China and Japan 'Jan.
'China and Japan [Jan.
JTacoma J;m.
San Diego [ Jan -
Panama I Jin.
Victoria A Puget SoaadjJaa.
Humboldt.... Jan.
JHumboldt Jan.
(Departure Bay... Jan.
.Nanalmo Jan.
(Departure Bay Jan.
JTacoma I Jan.
Newport I Jan.
]Seattle ]Jaa.
iPortland Jan.
i?an Dleso Jan.
Point Arena Jan. :
¦Crescent City Jan. :
H-^mboldt , Jap. :
Victoria A Puget Sound Jaa.
Sydney Jan.
Tacoma Jan. :
Coos Bay Jan.
Newport Jan.
Coos Bay ¦ Jan.
Crescent City Jan.
Portland ........[Jan.
'Portland [ Jan -
China and Japan.. .......'Jin.
'Hambursr I Jan.
r
7
:
7
7
7
7
7
7
i
i
i
i
)
9
!J
U
11
U
11
13
12
v
12
1.1
11
13
15
19
n
Sun rises
Sun nets....
Moon seta (flr»t quarter) . .
.7:W
.5:07
1. m.
C (Time! ITlm«!
» Ft. Ft.
• HWi- LW
I Time I Time 1
Ft. '
H W (L. W
Ft
1 ...I 4:05 5.« i 10:26, 1.5
J ...j 4:31 8.?! 11:40 i 1.1
» ... 6:42! 5.1! 12:4S 0.«
3) 4:40t 4.2! 10:00!
1 «:05' 1J: U:00i
t! 7:* l! S.S! J.
;l w ;h w
1.7
2.3
» ... o:>n !.7 I:JS «.O
ii ... 1:05 3.0 raa\ «.o
1> ... 1:17 1.1 *¦•¦>< « i
I) 1:32! 0.1 5:47
J I:4S'— 0.4 9:47
4.0
4.1
A A
i* ...i i.">\ a.ii g:^;, s.i
13 ...| 3:04| Z'X »;i3. «'.!
1: 4-20 — ois 1 uini
i 4.7
I S#cond Twt.
DATE.
1393. I \m.
iecember 24
December 25
December 26.
December 27
December IS
iecember 29
December 30
205
165
ISS
130
130
130
100
1100
1200
1045
1045
1200
1200
130
tecor
F
DATE.
ISDB.
isaa.
December 24
)ecember 25
Vcember 2i.
.'fcrabfr 27
>ecember 2.8
Jecember 29
>ecember 30
STO
800
44«
330
330
3SO
330
74S
T45
C9O
<90
C9O
C9O
630
iSecon'
Id Ft.
i Canals— lS*).
DATE.
)ec. 24
Jec. 25
>cc. 2«
>c. 27
Jec. 2S
>«C. 29
)ec. 30
IS3S I
260
ISO
ISO
ISO
HO
140
| IS9O
3530
SS3O
40T3
3590
3594
«75
3530
| Mlntnj. TurtocJc j Totl.
Jl 24
2* 24
M 24
!4 24
U 24
24 24
24 24Antique Wood-seat Rocker.
High back, broad, flat arms,
pressed carvings. All-round
serviceable every-day chair for
economical house furnishers.
$1.00
Something to please the tastes and
wants of the most discriminating
buyer In our chair display. Odd
pieces for artistic effects. Chair-
elegance for the most luxurious home.
Extension Tables, Sideboards and
chairs for dining room needr. and em-
belishment. Solid quartered and
golden oak. Massive carvings and
elegant designs.
Latest and newest effects in artistic
drapery.
Cosy chairs and convenient, well
lighted arrangement for studying
color and design.
You are never urged to buy.
Genuine Batttnbere and Arabian
Lace Curtains of exquisite patterns.
Nottingham lace curtains, f u n s j ze
as low as 75 cents.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Where extra wear comes on a car-
pet put a rug. Then, rugs add so
much to the appearance of a room.
Elegant Oriental Rugs for piano,
library and boudoir.
Tapestry Rugs, fringed ends, va-
riety of colors and patterns. Pretty
and serviceable; 27x54 Inches, 75
cents.
Free «efr»ery. Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley
M FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.
Open eretuagt NcjrStacktoa
AJJVEETIBEMENTS.
A few miles from the fin« town of Wor-
cester, South Africa, lies the- "Brandolel
mineral hot spring:," having a tempera-
ture of 145 degrees. It has three- outlets,
which are utilized for Irrigation purposes.
THE SOLDIER FOOTPAD.
Frank Moody Instructed and Ar
raigned in Judge Conlan's Court
and the Case Continued.
Frank Moody, the soldier who attempt
ed to murder and rob Martin Van Haar
len, a dry goods merchant on Mission
street, near Tenth, Friday night, appear
ed before Judge Conlan yesterday morn
ing on charges of assault to rob and as
sault to murder. He was not represented
by counsel, and after being instructed and
arraigned the Judge continued the cases
till Tuesday, as Moody said his father,
who was a wealthy man in Texas, would
by that time arrange to have a suitable
attorney to defend him.
\an Haarlen has not been inconven
ienced by the gunshot wound in his back,
the bullet having only grazed his skin.
He saw Moody in the City Prison yes
terday and at once identified him. The
two vaqueros— F. P. Tyrrell. 135 Cort
land avenue, and John McAndrews of
Lakeview, Or.— who rode after Moody and
captured him also identified him ln the
prison. Tyrrell reached Moody first and,
jumping off his horse, knocked him down
by a well-directed blow on the face with
his fist. Moody was defiant and declared
that he had a big pull in Texas that
would get him out of his trouble.
Moody, when seen in the prison yester
day, said he felt too dazed to realize
whether he had done anything or not.
He said he had been discharged from the
Twenty-third Infantry in Manila and re
turned on the transport Tartar. He went
"the
satisfactory
store."
" the store
mother
likes."
WHEW ENTERS
THE SCRAMBLE
FOR LEES' PLACE
Ex-Sheriff Confident
of Success.
WILL MAKE A HARD FIGHT
PECTJLIAB STAOT) OF THE RE
TTB.ED CHIEF.
Ex-ShrriS "Whelan has announced nlm-
FPif a candidate for Chief of Police. He
1p making a strong fight for the place
and is hopeful of success. It is expected
that when the new Police CommiFFion
meets next Monday there will be at least
a ball dozen candidates ln the field. Whe
lan has been prominently identified with
the Democratic party for some time, and
fin account of his friendly associations
with Mayor Phelan he expects to cap
ture the plum. He is also a warm friend
of Police Commissioner Bigpy.
In cas=e Lleutenajit Esola secures the
appointment, ex-Chief Lees has deter
mined not to turn the office over to him.
He 140 announced himself yesterday ln
the presence of several reporters. Lee«
maintains that under section 1, Chapter
VII, of th© charter, Esola la barred from
acting as Chief of Police.
"Under no circumstances will I surren
der my office to Esola." he remarked
when discussing the matter. "If the new
Commissioners see fit to appoint him I
intend to continue Just as I have been
doing ln th© past, and will take no notice
of him. I. however, seriously doubt if
the new board will appoint Esola."
Lees' declaration that he will not eur
render his office to Esola in case the Com
missioners select him to preside ovt^r the
destinies of the Police Department
caused considerable merriment about the
City Hall. With his retirement, which
was officially announced the other day.
Lees not only forfeited his badge of of
fice, but his right to the records and
a el«anlnr ud of men's laundered whlt»
shirts. In long, short and pique bosoms;
these are silently Boiled goods, but not a
shirt In the lot worth lesg than 75c and most
of thorn |1; all sizes. 13H to 17*4.... 4Sc each '.
cleaning up odds and ends of men's heavy
ribbed slightly fleeced shirts and drawers,
In ecru, gray, blue and blue and white
atrlpe; not all sizes, but yours may be her«
39c each
men s and boys' night shirts, made from
night gown twill cotton, plain white: also
In good quality muBlln, fanclly embroidered;
these are all cut full sise and length....
50c each
affidavit linen collars. lOc each
affidavit linen cuffs 16 2-3c each
ladies' waists to order-golf capes-jackets
we will make to order a beautiful taffeta silk waist of 40
different shades, black Included, a very stylish effect, with
three rows of cording of flv<» cords each on bias across front
and down back, tight fitting, lining throughout, latest cut
sleeves and detachable collar, all sizes from 32 to 44- price
$5.00
children's golf capes
24 misses' golf capes of blue melton, with plaid hoods 4
to 14 years 82 ,"><»
95 black cheviot beaver and boucle cloth Jackets, sold at S5 00
and $6 60 during the season, we wish to closa them out so
ofTer them at (all elzes 5fa.4f»
8 dozen ladles' flannelette wrappers, assorted colors and pat-
terns, wide full skirt, ruffles over shoulders, braid trimmed
lined walsth. with fitted waist lining, all sizes $1.25
ladles' silk underskirts. In all the new colorings, 'styles and
makes, with cordlngs, ruffles, flounces, pipings and stltchlngs*
we have selected the best things from several lines and have
a fine selection for you to choose from at prices within the
reach of all. each 9-'l.U5 to 927.5O
35 new s;lk separate skirts Just received, all the late styles
and In all sizes and lengths, well lined, tailored and perfect
fitting, prices from #10.00 to S27.ro
25 ladles' suits, made from gray and brown camelshalr
cheviot. Jacket silk lined throughout, six-button, double-
breasted, skirt lined with bsst percallne and bound with cor-
duroy; skirt and Jacket finely tailored and strap finished ex-
ceUent value, each $18.50
musHn n^Tx
underwear,
85 dozen ladies' muslin skirts, heavy, soft /w77t\A
finished muslin, 64 inches wide, 10-lnch f/jj [ |1\
cambrlo flounce around bottoms [(I I jMii
Hale' g, each. 80c 4ft4=iUlroL
60 dozen ladies' muslin chemises, good
quality eoft flnlehed muslin, square yoke 6i?'&v'fcik v »
of fine tucks and embroidery. Insertion neck 7*wJ.V2r?W^
and armlets trimmed with lace "feSa
Hale's, each, ,'tOo
10 dozen ladies' corset covers, soft heavy Kg
muslin, V necks, trimmed with embroidery. 111
ell felled seams, sizes 22 to 42: regular price «W^
tic Hate's, each, ll)o Q^
two vrolllng specials
f-vTr^jrVj, 800 yards of 27-lneh
Jh:l YA^r^LW veiling, to close at if wm
r^A'&SfN lOc - consisting of "we ,
f * ftV^-ftAT/rJ li«ht and heavy
g> feSfejK*' S^or^tt'ed^fn *'•«•/«.
X/U4ts^ > 1 white with black
'*V »~V dot9> Plain and che- tell Others
##^£^>v3rJiX-££7 nlI!e dot 3 In black - le " olners
ftiSi&cvVovXv* V^iS brown, navy and
vtt^-yvl^^AvyVV I 100 ° Tanls of 18-
v£*^C£^y-Xw*\V V inch tuxedo veiling
\ at rr ' c per yard - ln tell us.
'*KcfJ-/?. .*>* \- — I black, brown, gray
and navy blues, ln
all shades. •
some live millinery news
the sort of news that Is of interest to all women who want good January hats— hats
made for any kind of weather— at low prices.
trimmed hats for less than cost; $6.00, $7.00 and CO.OO hats; now
«Z.OO. $3.00. JM.OO and *r..00
untrimmed black velvet hats, with Su-^ B **^*
»pangled Jet edges and crowns; were $2 50; J^OS^^
Ajjpit^-S^'c^flQ&b black velvet bolero turbans with <£L / I 1
|^t^tVs"^*«l? sparißled crowns; wer« $2 75; now $1.60 J' \ V>- ____^J £
&kfrffiKssixv3Pw broken line of untrimmed felt hats
five interesting items at the notion counter
fancy frilled garter elaatio, %-lnch wide; an assortment of colors; Monday 5e yard
stockinet dress shields, size 8, good value at 10c pair; Monday 5c pair
cloth-covered corset clasps, ln gray and black, 4 end 5 hook 4\jc pair
ladles' gored belt hose supporters, ln black and white only, all etzes 10c pair
brush edge skirt binding; a good, serviceable binding; black only 5c yard
foulard silks and dress goods.
when we told you of the new foulard silks last Friday the descriptions wer» written
from bits of camples, that is all we had to Judge their beauty by. they are much prettier
even than we thought, come and see them, many, many yards are shown on our coun-
ters; the 24-inch wide kinds at Ssc and 91.00 per yard
there are colors — the newest — and deslfrns almost Innumerable; there are figured stripes
ln almost endless variety and color; perhaps the prettiest effect Is the new pastel color de-
sign; you must see it to appreciate.
colored crepons.
this season's best styles; fancy stripe* and polka dots; come in heliotropes, new blue*,
browns, reseda royals, etc. sold all season fcr $13.50 and $12.00 suit; will be closed out
for fO.OO suit
fancy mohair suiting.
our best $7.80 style; color assortment broken; your choice of the entire 1ine.. ..54.50 suit
new zibeline plaids.
styles Include all the new spring colors; 26 inches wide; the correct thing for
skirts 91.00 yard
black serge.
strictly all wool; good, heavy quality; only a limited supply to eloee out for 35e yard
one lot of fine English black crepons; would bo a bargain at $1.00 per yard; to be closed
out for 55c yard
mall orders promptly filled.
5»33. 5>37. £>3S>, £>-41, S>-4-3. 9-4-5. £>-4-7 Market St.
ladle*' jers#y
rlbb c* d non- esmj
shrinking wool
vesta and pant». ,|!^^3^KV
winter weight. vi^T^SJo
full «0 per cent vw-» cX?
wool, handsome- iT
ly finished with 1 •£ JT
¦at t n bands. I **-JF
pear! buttons. '*\.
covered «ims; /JT ,y^-
vests have ipis- fy /T'S*\
¦ets In sleeves: /s~r2m^r?>fs*\
pants with AsvcSSjo/VJ* \
Stench band. fc-^-Ztflj (\ \
wide Ud; sixes Vfllf /' I ¦?//«' ""X. \
4. 6 and 8: re*u- \| » '////N \
lar selling pr!o« 1 jf //// / >
75c: Hales. 43c TVl' |SW|:,l / /
each. /Vi'l W: ! J' Wj/
ladles' jersey /<*^ l;:l !'! \\%f /\
ribbed Austra- L KC^-J^ii^—. iSjL, -/W\
llan wool vests >^U\vf^>^\\\
and pants, heavy 6 \*\V»»\* *^
soft quality, very
elastic, nicely ttnished seams, all covered:
rants with PVench extension bands: color
light ton; s'.za* 4. S and <: regular selllns
prlc« Jl: Half's. i»l>c each.
misses' line combed Egyptian union suits,
medium weight. oD»n all down the front;
nicely finished with silk, shell-edse. pearl
buttons, covered seams; sizes 3 to 12 years;
Hale's, ."<»<• su!t.
ladles' h»avy feece-lined union suits,
renuine Onelta. buttflned across the should-
er, flat cover-d seams; ecru and natural
¦ray; sizes 4, 5 and 8; Hale's 45c suit.
fl% |Tk Ck
RAO WAT'S BEADY JIKLIKK ha« etood
unrivaled before th* public fcr 60 year* as a
Fain Remedy. It JnstanUy relieves and Quickly
cures ail Cclda, Sors Throat*. Influenza, iiron-
chltla. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
H«*d«£h«, TocthiLche and all pain*. Internally
*" ValvU &&4 kli Bowel Ptlsa.AU drufglsu.
A Military Concert.
On Wednesday evening the League of
the Cross Cadets band of this city will
give its first grand promenade concert and
ball in Hoover Hall. 1327 Market street
This occasion will be the feature of the
season in League of the Cross circles as
the cadets will attend in uniform and' by
their gay appearance lend a military air
to the event. The grand march, which
will take place at 9 o'clock, will be led
by the lieutenant colonel and staff of the
League of the Cross Cadets. The mu«lc
will be furnished by a large orchestra
and as the organization is Justly famed
for its music the public may expect some
thing out of the ordinary.
Titls to a Brand.
In the United States Court yesterday a
permanent injunction was issued against
the California Fruit Canners* Association
forbidding the use by them of the words
Bear Brand" in connection with Califor
nia canned fruit. This was the outcome
of a suit brought Rome months ago by the
California Canneries Company. Limited
for infringement of trade marks and $100 -
000 damages. The plaintiffs get the so!e
right to use the "Bear Brand."
Self-respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
School
Teaser's
frMs%agg| neaflacfie.
It's not a new variety of headache.
It's the old pain consequent on condi-
tions which result from study, confine-
ment, tad careless eating. It is only
one symptom of a derangement of the
stomach and organs of digestion and
nutrition. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery cures he&daches by curing the
diseases which cause them.
¦ I was troubled with very f request headaches,
often accompanied by merer* vomiting." write*
Mis* Mary Belle Sntatarrtoa, of Sen IMego, D«-
val Co.. Texas. « Bowels were irregnlar. and my
Ftomacb and liver teemed continually out of
order- Often I could eat almost nothing, and
sometimes absolutely nothing, for twenty-four
hours at a time. I tjj entirely unfit for work,
and my whole systc:a seemed so run-down that
I feared a severe sick spell and was verr much
discouraged. I was advised to try Dr. Herce's
Golden Medical Discovery, and dla so with such
satisfactory results that before finishing the
third bottle I felt perfectly able to undertake
the duties attending public school life, and con-
tracted to do so. I most heartily advise those
suffering with indigestion, and its attendant
evils, to give this great medicine a fair trial."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellet* keep the
bowels healthy.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
TO JOIN OTIS' ARMY.
Detachment of Officers and Recruits
Ordered to the Philippines on
the Tartar.
The transport Tartar will carry 250 re
cruits for the forces of General Otis when
she sails for the Philippines some time
next week. Orders were yesterday issued
for the organization of the recruits at the
Presidio Into a battalion of four com
panies and to prepare them for the voy
age. The following officers have been
designated to the detachment:
Captaln Edgar W. Howe, Seventeenth
Infantry; Captain Alfred W. Bjornstad.
Forty-second Infantry, U. S. V. ; First
Lieutenant Thomas Ryan, Fortieth In
fantry, U. S. V.; Second Lieutenant Rob
ert M. Shearer, Thirty-seventh Infantry,
U. S. V.; Second Lieutenant Sidney S.
Burbank, Sixth Infantry: Second Lieuten
ant Andrew C. Wright^ Twelfth Infantry;
Second Lieutenant William H. Noble.
Thirteenth Infantry: Second Lieutenant
Edward Bolton, Seventeenth Infantry;
Second Lieutenant Clenard McLaughlln,
Twenty-first Infantry; Second Lieutenant
Edward B. Mitchell, Twenty-fourth In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Allan J. Greer,
Fourth Infantry: Second Lieutenant Rob
ert Whittield, Twenty-second Infantry;
Second Lieutenant Harol D. Coburn,
Twenty-fifth Infantry.
Acting Assistant Surgeons F. H. Titus
and Frederick Pearl, U. S. Army, have
been assigned to duty on the Tartar dur
ing the voyage to the Philippines. The
President has just promoted Dr. Titus by
making him a major in recognition of his
services in the islands. Dr. Titus is well
known in this city, having formerly been
in charge of St. Luke's Hospital and su
perintendent of the city and county hos-
TEACHERS ARE DIVIDED
AGAINST THEMSELVES
THOMAS' BLACKBOARD BILL IS
CAUSING TROUBLE.
Injunction Taken TJp by Judge Mur
aaky and the Fate of the Collat
eral Inheritance Tax Fund
Is in Doubt.
Teachers In the local department are di
vided against themselves, and this prom
ises to complicate matters during the
hearing of the suit brought by J. M.
Thomas, a blackboard maker with a claim
for $520, against Auditor Wells and all
teachers and Janitors to tie up the $70,000
which wfll come into the school fund from
the collateral Inheritance tax next week.
Yesterday morning Attorney Brown
etone. who represents the plaintiff, ap
peared in Judge Murasky's court on short
notice for the purpose of showing ceus*
why the temporary injunction restraining
the Auditor from breaking Into the $70 O<JO
should not be dissolved. Attorney Olnev
who represented the teachers' litigating
committee, of which Colonel Murphy Is
the chairman, before the case was ba'relv
opened said that he believed that Brown
stone was in court as a representative of
Attorney Frank Powers, and that the
present action was a subterfuge under
which other merchant creditors were
working for the purpose of getting hold
of some of the $70,000 by side-stepping de
vices. Mr. Powers was in court as a spec
tator, and he immediately went to Brown
stone's defense. Mr. Powers said that he
regretted that an apparent spirit of vin
dlctiveness had caused counsel to cast a
reflection upon either the ability or the
integrity of Mr Brownstone. counsel for
the plaintiff "It is true." said Powers,
that the suit was brought to me. but ow
ing to my relation to other interested par
ties I could not conscientiously handle the
case, and advised that it be taken to Mr
Brownstone, in whose ability I have full
confldenoe." Continuing. Mr. Powers said
that he had been informed that the so
called teachers' committee had no rip'ht
to enter into an agreement with the mer
chant creditors providing that all moneys
In the school fund during the last half of
i»JB in excess of the usual expenditures
•hould be divided proportionately among
the claimants, and he had found that a
majority of the teachers refused to be
bound by such an agreement.
When Powers left the court Colonel
?? I V/ P ?? r fo »o w e* him to the corridor and
told him that he had no right to make
th© remark that the litigating committee
did not represent all of the teacherß. "I
have $100 here." said Powers, "which I
vi ill forfeit if you can show authorization
from over 250 of the 1200 odd teachers."
Colonel Murphy retired into the court
and then, on motion of Mr. Brownstone
the caee went over till Monday In order
that affidavits bearing on the issues in
volved might be obtained.
pital. At the outbreak of th© war wttH
bpain he joined the army and went to
Manila with the Twenty-third U. S. In
fantry. He saw considerable service with
that regiment and was complimented for
his heroism and good work on the occa
?l on of the battl « of Manila on August 13.
IS3S, by General Mac Arthur in his official
report of the engagement. Dr. Titus re
turned to San Francisco In chartro of tha
sick and wounded soldiers on the trans
port Rio and has now been ordered to re
turn to the front.
to his home in Texas and then re-enlisted
at Fort Bliss. He arrived here last Wed
nesday to be assigned to another regi
ment.
Lieutenant H. F. Bennett of that com
pany has qualified.
Albert M. Boysen, first sergeant; A- E.
Scott, sergeant; Martin Johansen, and P.
L. Treanton, late private of Company D
of the Fifth Infantry, have applied for
ten-year service medals.
Company D. Captain Cheda, located at
San Rafael, has secured a rifle range
near that place.
HURRY-UP ORDER
FOLLOWED BY DELAY
GUARD DISGUSTED WITH SLOW
METHODS AT SACRAMENTO.
Oaths of Soldiers That Have Gone
Astray— The Slow Office Gets a
Pointer About Surgeons.
If there is a demoralised set of men in
the city of San Francisco that set is com
posed of the officers and men who believe
that they are the First Regiment of In
fantry. National Guard. Shortly after the
return of the First California Volunteers
from Manila last August there was issued
from the very slow office at Sacramento
a hurry-up order to the effect that all the
National Guardsmen in that organization
desiring to return to the Guard, as the
majority of the rank and file had been in
the Guard at the time of enlistment in
the volunteer service, should report back
by th« 80th of last November. There was
some grumbling that the rank and file
should be required to report at that
period and not be allowed the full period
of 150 days after being mustered out, as
provided in the act of the Legislature,
but there was nothing to do but to obey
orders. The spirit of National Guardlsm
was aroused and there was a sufficient
number go* to come in to make up the
muster' rolls, which were forwarded
through the proper military channels
with, it is asserted, all the necessary oaths
and other papers that go to make up mili
tary red tape. It was expected that within
a week the companies would be in full
standing, as in days of yore, but that
week passed, then another, then another
and still another, and the First Regiment
is as far from being a part of the armed
force of the State as it was en the day
the muster rolls were forwarded.
The officers and men have inquired at
all points whore there should be knowl
edge in reference to the matter, and at
each point came back the same reply,
"Don't know anything about it and can't
find out." Now comes word from the
slow ortice at Sacramento that a number
of the oaths of men did not accompany
the papers or cannot be found, and that
in many instances there are no certifi
cates of physical examination. The officers
of the several companies are positive in
thoir assertions that the oaths were for
warded and are at a loss to know what
became of them. In many instances the
oaths were forwarded at the time the men.
entered the Guard prior to the enlistment
for the war, and such ought to be in the
adjutant general's office, but it appears
that they "cannot be found." This will
necessitate another delay, and a number
of the men are so disgusted that they do
not want to be sworn in again. They are
of the opinion that one oath is sufficient.
As to medical certificates, it is impossi
ble to tile such for the reason that no or
der was ever issued designating any one
to act in the capacity of medical exam
iner. But possibly the slow office will is
sue such an order, for the attention of
that office has been called' to the necessity
therefor.
As It is now the men are disgusted with
the very slow methods and they do not
care if they never come back into the
Guard.
Those organizations that are in service
have started in to drill once more, and
they are preparing themselves for the
routine work for eleven months to come.
Some are making arrangements for the
skirmish practice at targets, which was
postponed, and some are preparing for
the annual encampment, but for the lat
ter little preparation has been made, and
there is not much en hand in the line of
tentage, blankets and mess furniture.
Sergeant Magennls of Company F,
Fifth Infantry, has applied for a nfteen
year service bar. George A. Scott, late
first sergeant of the same company, has
applied lor an exempt certificate. Second
documents which belong to the Police De
partment. Esola's friends ridicule the
etand taken by Lees and emphatically
fay that in case the anointment is given
to the lieutenant, he will have no trouble
in dislodging the ex-Chief. However,
Lees seems determined, and a merry war
is anticipated if the- coveted prize fails
to Esola.
The old Board of Police Commissioners
held another meeting yesterday and pen
sioned the following policemen for either
disability or old age: John J. Connelley,
Edward Harper. Thomas Tryon and John
Conley. Harper was formerly sergeant
of police, but was reduced to the ranks
at the recent meeting of the Commis
sioners. Being physically disabled. Har
per, rather than take a chance with the
incoming board, yesterday applied to the
Commissioners for a pension, which was
granted without discussion. Harper,
prior to his being disabled, was one of
the cleverest men in the department. He
was assigned to duty In the Tenderloin
district and made a splendid record. He
Is a brother of Detective "Gus" Harper,
one of the 6hrewdest men in the upper
office. Thomas Cavanaugh, William
Quarles and Joseph Mogan were appoint
ed patrolmen. The old board will meet
for the last lime at noon Monday. After
completing their work they will "formally
vacate their seats in favor of the new
Commissioners.
New Police Court Stenographers.
The four new Police Judges— Conlan,
Moean, Cabaniss and Fritz— met in Dis
trict Attorney -elect Bylngton's office yes
terday afternoon and unpointed D W
Long and Fran* Vernon the official sten
ographers of the courts. Ix>ng is at pres
ent stenographer in Judge Mogan's court
and \ ernon in Judge Conlan's court. They
alFo discussed the best means to be
adopted in regard to the warrant and
bond clerkß being on duty in accordance
with the provisions of the charter.
gloves $1.00
instead of
31.50.
?-button Hte. Jou-
yin real kid gloves; < *«<!Ttfc t j
former price Jl.f-0; fy\ r S^J**?
sizes 0% to 8; colors /^\it\\
tan. mode. white. V *H'JIJ
brown. red, blue. (;|,l
gray; Ijlack 5*4 to •; 111 If
only fI.OO pair I^/
let the baby
kick in Denton
knit sleeping
garments
covers the whole body, caffs for tn»
hands; moccasins for the feet; mad*
of nice, soft quality knit fabric, neatly
finished and made especially for chil-
dren who give their clothes sever*
wear; comes for all ages, 1 to 9 years.
a cut of 20c on each size.
Price, 1 year Sso
Prios, 2 years 40o
Price, 3 year3 ...45a
Price. 4 years. ..ROo
Price. 5 years 55o
Price. S years 6O0
Price. 7 years B5o
Price. 8 years TOo
Price. 9 years .75o
ribbons
and knitting silk
1000 yards narrow fancy ribons. %-lnch to 1%-
inch wide. In pretty stripes and checks, were 7>£c
and 10c 5c yard
3000 yard? white satin and gTos-graln ribbon.
No. 3, No. 5, No. 7, «8-inch to IVi-inch wide, all silk
3c yard
Columbia knitting silk on large spools, 70 yards
to spool, colors nile. lavender, cardinal, purple, pink,
yellow, old rose, navy, cream, light blue, blue, etc..
10c spool
150 dozen silk tassels for fancy work in colors
red, pink, blue, grreen and cream white, were 18c
dozen, now 10c dozen
blankets and comforters.
there's comfort for you at bedtime ln
the very thought of our blankets and
comforters, they are not made for New
York or Chicago weather, but for the
cold, damp nights of San Francisco,
they are in great demand, and that la
why we bought bo many of them, our
largre buying brings us price concessions,
of course, and the benefits we share with
you.
100 pair white cotton blankets, size 4Cx
72 Inches, red and blue borders, 800
value 4Oc each
60 pair white blankets, size 62xS0 Inches,
wool and cotton mixed 92.7G pair
200 pair white blankets, all pure wool,
double bed site. 72x82 Inches, 5 lbs weight,
pink, blue and red borders 95.00 pair
150 Dalr white blankets, 70x82 Inches,
double bed slz«, finest selected wool,
silk bound $0.00 pair
comforter*, double bed size, firured
¦tlkollne covered, ¦white cotton filled.
wool knotted 90c each
10 cases comforters, size 72^78 Inches,
flrured sllkollne covered, plain llnlnr.
white cotton filled, pretty designs
$1.60 each
60 cases comforters, double bed size,
sUkollne and sateen covered; on sale at
92.00. $2.£0, $3.25 and ?4.00 each
Hales.
Hales.
ladies' and c hildren's knit nndjrwen
Hales.
Hale'B.
CUNNINGHAM AND LEES
MAY UNITE FORCES
Proposed Scheme of the Veteran
Thief-Catchers.
They Will Probably Organize a Western
Detective Agency — Lees Says He
Will Keep the Records.
BTOCKTON. Jan. 6— Veteran Ex-Sher
lff Torn Cunningham waa in Ban Fran
ci*co this week and called on ex-Chief
Lee« of th« Polloe Department there. It
is rumored, as a result of the meeting of
the two veteran man-hunLcrs, that they
were considering the Question of organ
izing one of the largest detective agencies
on th« coast. When Cunningham retired.
after thirty years' continuous service, the
county paid him SSuM for his rogues' gal
lery. It contained 30.000 pictures and was
superior to that collected by Chief Lees.
Ex-Sheriff Cunningham was ask^d about
the ma.tt«r to-nij?ht and said: "I just call
ed on Chief Lees to talk with him. Per
haps we could form a detective agency
that might pay, but I don't like this idea
of busting up people's crimes and sins un
less It Is for the good of the country. It
Is wonderful what a difference It makes
¦when you've got the people behind you In
such work.
"I might do something in a private de
tective agency business, but I have a few
dollars left, and I believe I have
enough not to start out In that di
rection. I feel very grateful to the people
of Ban Joaquln County. There was one
noticeable difference between my going
out of office and Chief Lees' resignation.
He was Jumped on and harassed on all
sides, the papers saying many unkind
words about him. On the other hand, I
don't know of a single paper which said
anything about me that did not give me
perhaps a better notice than I deserved."
The foregoing dispatch from Stockton
confirms what The Call published exclu
sively on Thursday morning, when the
announcement was made that ex-Chief
of Police Lees purposed to open a local
detective agency and Intended to retain
valuable records which he had collected
as Chief and which he had paid for
out of his private fortune. Lees then de
nied the truth of the assertion, but yes
terday he announced that he had in his
possession documents and records gath
ered by himself while Chief and that he
intended to keep them.
He argues that Esola cannot legally be
elected Chief of Police under the charter
and would have no right to the valuable
documents which have been accumulating
for so many years. For that reason Lees
will not. ha says, give up the records.
What the result -will be re-malne to be
seen, but a contest In the courts will prob
ably follow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900.
Hales.
WO3JW short, "I^^B^^^^^^^S^SSSrßWd
j " THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Storks High
i Bjfc?£ffej% M*&£m iGfrf \t~i t fi
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartleu street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
First Baptist. Auditorium, Y. M. C. A.—
Mason and Ellis streets— Rev. E. A.
Woods.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
Stciner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
EC Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— JUv. Father Prender
gast. V. G.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets —
. Paullst Fathers.
Richmond Congregational, corner Beventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coomb*.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets — Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
First Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets— Rev. George C.
Adams.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market— Rev. Herbert Parrish.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
streets— Rev. D. C. Garrett. .'•¦"¦
Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
S. Hanson. ,/T ~. -; :>.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
A. M. E. ZJon. 806 Stockton street— Ray. T.
Brown.
Central M. E., Mission street, near Sixth—
Rev. S. D. Hutslnpillar.
Potrero M. E., Tennessee and . Solano
streets— Rev. S. M. Woodworth.
Howard M. E.. between Second and Third
streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
California Street M. E., corner California
and Brodtrlck streets— Rer. A. C. Ban*.
Morning— Holy communion. Evening—
"Forward."
Mcrning— "Christ's Poverty Our Riches "
Evening— "lnvitations and Promises," with
prelude on "Notable Events of 1899."
Morning— "Saaotlflcatlon." Evening— "The
Seventh Commandment— Sacrednes* of
Marriage."
Morning— Rev. C. E. Kennedy will celebrate
his first mass at 11 o'clock; sermon by
Father Prendergast. Evening— Vespers
and sermon.
Morning— Rev. Father Sardi. 8. J., will
S. re .l eh , at w 10:30 raaBl! - Evening— Rev.
Father Mahoney, 8. J., will preach after
M £?H. nr "^ ermon at v o'clock mass by Rev.
Father Wyman. Evening— Vespers and ser
mon by one of the Fathers.
Morning— "Work for Every One and Every
Mornlng-'The Greatness of Christ." Even
lng— Sources of Personal Influence."
MSM S n }, in r'~\l The Mixture of the Good and
Evll.' r Evenlng-"The Prince of Peace?"
Morning— "Gratitude." Evening — "The
First Commercial Travelers."
M .?«i n8: ~4 Ol K mn . h if h "Nation; Arch
deacon Webber's Mission now on. Even
ing—Services and sermon by the rector.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same. ,
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Services at 4 p. m.
Morning— Communion services and sermon
by the pastor. Evening— Sermon by the
pastor.
Morning— Rev. S. Baven will preach. Even
ing—Special memorial Bervlcca In honor of
the late D. L. Moody.
Mcrning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— "The Christian Hope." Evening—
'Our Choice of Right or Wrong."
Morning— "ln HU Name." Evening— "The
Lessons of the Century."
Morning— "Sanctlflcation." Evening—"Con
version."
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Epworth M. 8., corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W. M, Woodworth.
Stewart Memorial, TJ. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth avenue
and Latona street — Rev. Herbert N.
Bevier.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. Robert Macken
zie.
First United Presbyterian. Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H. Bell.
Presbyterian Hebrew Mission. 1222% How
ard street— Rev. M. Bercorrlt*. pastor.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John HemphtH.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
First Unitarian, corner Geary and Frank
lin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
First English' 1-oitheran. 1319 Geary street-
Rev. E. Nelander.
Evangelical Emmanuel. Twelfth and Stev
enson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
T. M. C A. Auditorium, Ellis and Mason
streets— H. J. McCoy, secretary.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—Rev. F. S. Ford.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Kutter street— The Bible and
Science and Health, With Key to the
Scriptures.
Theosophlcal Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
First Divine Science. Native Sons' build-
Ing— R-v. M. E. Cramer.
Morning— Pr«a,ching by the pastor, followed
by bi-monthly communion Bervlce. Even-
Ins — Servlcei of gospel songs and sermon
on "The Story of the Slave."
Morning— Bermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— Gospel meeting conducted by Roy.
H. H. Bell. Evening— Same.
Morning— "Christ, the Head of the Church."
Evening— "New Beginnings of LJfe."
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Rev. T. F. Day, D.D., of the theological
seminary will preach.
¦ Morning— "Old Age." Evening— "The
Brazen Serpent."
Evening— "The Christ of the New Testa
ment Compared With That of the Tal
mud."
Morning— "The Head of the Church." Even-
Ing— E. B. Stevenson, superintendent Am
erican Sunday School Union, will speak.
Morning — "Christ and the Church." Even-
Ing— "lgnorance of Divine Things and Its
Secret. *
Morning— Sermon and special music. Even-
Ing— "ln the Evangelistic Service," with
a short address on "Questions for the New
Year."
Morning— "The Faith of Reason and Experi
ence. lT Evening— No services.
Morning— Dr. Stebbins will occupy the pul
pit. Evening— No service!!.
Morning— Communion service and sermon on
the "Scarlet Thread." Evening— "The Im
perativeness of Duty."
Morning— "The Pre-eminence of Christ " •
Evening— "Whose God and What Is He."
Afternoon — Archdeacon Webber will sprak •
on "The Flagllke Man."
Morning— "Christian Individuality." Even- '•
ing— "Straws and the Wind."
Morning— "Life." All are welcome. •
' Mystic Societies. Old and New."
Morning— "Am I See It." *
4
1 ' (r
28