posal he asked 25,000 francs in , return for
the Information. It Is also alleged that
the letter was seized on the strength, of
Information given through Dr. Leyds,
whereupon M. Phillpp absconded. The
Nationalist journals insinuate that he re
ceived timely warning- from the French
Government and was thus enabled to es
cape to England.
Dr. Leyds, however, denies the part at
tributed to him in the affair, and the
British Embassy has Issued a formal re
pudiation of any relations direct or Indi
rect with Phillpp. ¦-:..'
According to the Journel dcs Debats,
Philipp has gone to the United States,
where he formerly lived,' and where, it la
said, he became a bankrupt as the result
of his unfortunate management of his
business as a picture dealer.
The method by which he was trapped
recalls the Dreyfus affair. He received a
letter Inviting him to meet a veiled lady,
as In the notorious case of Lieutenant
Colonel da Paty de Clam, at a well known
cafe. Here, according to this story, he
Indiscreetly revealed his designs to the
veiled, lady, who immediately informed
the departmental commission, which
promptly proceeded to Investigate. Be
fore action could be taken, however, the
bird had flown.
•
KINDNESS OF BOERS TO
WOUNDED AUSTRALIANS
ARUNDEL, Saturday. Feb. 17 (received
by dispatch - rider) .—^Captain Longhu rst of
the British medical corps spent a night at
Hobklrk's farm attending the wounded
Australians. He says that the enemy
were: remarkably^ kind to the wounded,
providing them with mattresses and civ-
Ing them all the eggs they had. The
Boer commander and Captain Longhurst
found that they had mutual friends in
London, and were soon on the best . of
terms. The Boers and the British wound
ed fraternized. Noticing that the bando
liers of the enemy were filled with soft
nosed bullets, one of our men said: "You
ought not to. bring, such/ things to fire at
us." The Boer replied: "We must use
whatever we, can get."
This particular Boer contingent: had
come from . the northern district of the
Transvaal, where the Boers are used to
hunting big game along the Limpopo. The
men had . obtained their, ammunition for
that purpose. ;One Briton, whose thigh
had. been shattered, replied to this ex
planation: "Well,, I wish you had been
kind enough to shoot me, lower down.". ,
After the retirement of the British
forces the • Boers ¦ held • a prayer-meeting
and thanked heaven for their success.
They separated ; into small parties and
moved to their various outposts, chanting
hymns as they went.
Captain Longhurst says that he - was
much Impressed 'by their considerate
treatment of the ' British ; wounded.
LADYSMITH GARRISON
IN EXCELLENT SPIRITS
LADYSMITH, \ Saturday, Feb. 17 (by
heliograph via Wenan).— The Boers have
been very active here during the last few
days and are '-. evidently ..' making . a move
I somewhere.: - The -garrison, greatly, de
i lighted to learn of the relief of, Kimberley,
Is in excellent spirits and -fit for. anything.
LADYSMITH. Thursday, Feb. 15 (by
: heliograph and native runner via Chi eve-
ley). — Dr. Jameson has the fever. The
heat Is tremendous, but the morale of the
camp Is excellent.
. Major Doveton's wife, who was given a
safe conduct through the Boer lines, has
arrived here to nurse her husband, • only
to learn that he died on Wednesday, Feb
ruary. 14.*
MACRUM ADHERES
TO HIS CHARGES
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Feb. 18.-Charles E.
Macrum, former Consul at Pretoria^
South Africa, left for Washington to
night. w ßefore leaving he said:
"I do not withdraw a word of my
charges against the British oflldals and
stand ready to testify to them and fur
nish evidence of their truthfulness."
The ex-Consul says he is not going to
Washington on any special mission, but
wants to be on the ground to give his tes
timony should it be needed.
Powder in Salt Sacks.
LONDON. Feb. IS.— A dispatch from the
Swaziland border, dated Friday, Febru-
ary 16, says:
The Boer agent at Bremersdorp, Swazi
land, has been .maintaining regular com
munication with Delagoa Bay via Swazi
land.
Two coolie carriers have been bearing
sacks supposed : to contain salt through
TongaJand. On 1 examination it was found
the sacks contained gunpowder. .
Supplies for the British.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 18.— The steamer
Montezuma with 1 1500 mules and a large
cargo of feedstuffs for the British army
operating in South Africa cleared to-day
for Cape. Town-
HEAVY FIGHTING
AHEAD OF THE
BRITISH FORCES
For the F'rst Time Since the
War Began the S tuation
Favors Them.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1900. by the New York
Herald Company.
LONDON. Feb. 19.— With General Buller
about to attempt, if he has not already
begun, for the fourth time to advance on
Ladvsmith and General Kelly-Kenny pur
suing the Boer forces toward Bloemfon
tein. there is likely to be a week of heavy
fighting.
While there is no confirmation at hand,
persistent reports Indicate that Buller in
tends this time to move by way of Co
lenso. On Wednesday he began his pre
parations by seizing Huzzar Hill, but the
censor has again become active, and no
dispatches of a later date have been
received.
Ladysmith reports that the Boers are
moving from the neighborhood of Colenso
and that the investing force Is di
minished.
Lord Roberts' strategy up to the pres
ent has been remarkably successful. At
present the situation seems to be that
General Methuen is at Magersfontein.
General Tucker at Jacobsdal and Generals
Kitchener and Kelly-Kenny, aided by the
Highland Brigade, holding the Boer army
on Its flight toward Emmaus and Patrus
berg. General French has come south
ward to Join In this movement.
There are still many obscure points in
this military operation. It is not known
whether the Boers from Spytfontein
has gone, what kind of • a force French
found north of Kimberley before he turned
to Join Kelly-Kenny, nor whether Cronje.
with his force, has been arrested in his
retreat on Bloemfontein or has retired
northeastward. The Boer commander
was undoubtedly aware several days be
fore Roberts' move of the meaning of the
mobilization below Modder. and.it is be
lieved that one of his chief occupations
was to remove the heavy guns which had
been mounted around Kimberley and
Magersfontein, holding Jacobsdal with a
few men and keeping a sparse body to
line the Magersfontein trenches. Ho
probably sent . off the Creusots and Long
Toms to the north. .
The difficulties of transportation, which
have gone, what kind of a force French
against British mobility, appear to a
larffo extent to have been overcome by
JACOBSDAL, Orange Free State, Friday, Feb. 16.— Lord
Roberts' combinations for the movements of the corps
dovetailed with precision, although obstacles that had riot
been foreseen had to be overcome. The execution of his
design began at 3a. m. on Sunday. General French rode
Into Kimberley on Thursday afternoon, just when he was due,
according to the field marshal's timetable, having in four and
a half days marched ninety miles with artillery and fought
two small engagements. • -
The relief of Kimberley was accomplished with the loss of
only fifty men. Twenty thousand infantry made a splendid
march under a sub-tropical sun and through a dust storm to
hold the positions which General French took.
Lord Kitchener was with General Tucker's division. In
consequence of his transport arrangement- the four divisions
moving over the sandy veldt are fed and watered. It is hardly
possible to appreciate adequately the mathematical precision
with which every part of the transport department has
worked, marching through the day, toiling almost sleeplessly
through the night, victualing the army and evolving every
hour results from seeming, chaos. Everybody did what was
expected of him cheerfully, though enduring frightful fatigues.
Few slept more than three hours. The battalions hour after
hour tolled through the heavy sand uncomplainingly, and
when now and then a man fell out of the ranks exhausted he
would rejoin his company later -after he had rested. .Some
fifty or sixty were overcome by the heat and had to be sent to
the rear In the r backward defile of empty wagons. -; ¦*«.;¦'
The rapidity of Lord Roberts' movement away from his
base has solved one e»f- the problems, perhaps the chief prob
lem of the war. He and Lord Kitchener have created a mobile
force, able to move In exterior lines and to outflank the Boers,
themselves so wonderfully mobile.
The position of the Boer army at Spytfonteln being un
tenable, General Cronje ordered a retreat. At the moment
this dispatch Is written It Is uncertain whether his whole force
or only a portion has gone toward Bloemfontein. It Is possible
that a part Is going north of Kimberley. It is supposed that a
29-ton gun Is still In the neighborhood of Kimberley. The
road from Jacobsdal to Modder Station is now open.
the genius of Kitchener.
As to the reports of Boers from Coles«
berg capturing a British convoy of 200
wagons, the Daily Mall's correspondent
says that the Boers were held at bay
until reinforcements arrived.
For the first time since Ladysmith was
invested the situation Is regarded In Lon
don as distinctly favorable to the British.
In the west the British right wing la act
ing on the defensive south of Orange
River, holding Its own. while the British
left wing, beyond the Orange, has raised
the siege of Kimberley, compelling tea
retreat of the Boer right, and undertaken
Its pursuit. The primary objective of
Roberts Is still to cripple that force as the
best preparation for his principal task.
His movement eastward Into Orange
Free State will also have for its object
to disturb the Boer army in Natal by
causing the Free State troops to wish to
defend their own country. So longr as
Cronje could hold his own against the
British and while the Boer Invasion of
Cape Colony was making progress, there
was no urgent reason for uneasiness In
the head laager before Ladysmith, but
with an army which Cronje cannot resist
pushing through the Free State the Boer
commander must foresee a time when. If
he remains in Natal, he will be between
the armies of Roberts and Buller.
That Is the situation which, while the
two British armies are several marches
apart, may enable the Boers to throw
the bulk of their force against one of
their opponents, while acting on the de
fensive with a smaller body against the
other. But every day's march brings the
British forces nearer together and in
creases the prospect of danger to the
Boer army.
There is a message from Ladysmith re
porting that the Boers have some move
ment in preparation, and they may b*
sending oft a contingent to reinforce
Cronje or to make a new assault on the
town. Buller'a demonstration at Hussar
Hill and his possible advance may have
the effect of preventing either move,
While the mobilization of the reserve
squadron by the Admiralty Is meeting:
with unqualified approval. It has also
served to direct attention to the fact that
the British navy is not so strong actually
as on paper. The fact that the Admiralty
has ordered such vessels as the Nelson,
the Hercules and the Sultan to coal, that
they may be ready for commissioning. Is
a striking Illustration of this. Thes«
battle-ships are out of date. They are all
armed with obsolete muzzle-loaders and
the Nelson Is so slow and cumbersome
that her name has long been a byword
In every wardroom afloat. Pitted against
modern ships, they would only prove
death traps for the men in them.
It la significant that the departure of
the channel fleet to Gibraltar has been
delayed until the reserve fleet U ready.
Lord Roberts Well-Laid Plans for the Relief of
the Besieged Town Executed Without
GENERAL CRONJE
HAS ESCAPED
HIS PURSUERS
May Lose Some of His Bag
gage, bu: His Army Is
Safe From Capture.
LONDON. Feb. 19.— 1t is now amply con
firmed that General Cronje escaped. Every
<setall received, however, proves how ad
mirably Lord Roberts' plans were con
ceived and were succeeding. But for the
unexpected delay at Dekiels Drift, which
was almost impassable for wagons, the
•whole Boer force would have been sur
rounded. The delay of one day there gave
them their chance for a hasty retreat. All
the other movements of Lord Roberts
were executed exactly as to time. Appar
ently General Cronje is retreating with
the main army, and even if he escapes al
together he probably will lose all his bar
rage.
There is still something doubtful about
the capture of the British convoy. Ac
cording to a Daily Mail correspondent
with the convoy, which consisted of 200
wagons, each loaded with 6000 pounds of
rations and of forage and each drawn by
sixteen oxen, it was quite unexpectedly
attacked by a. commando supposed to
come from Colefberg. The escort, consist-
Ing of eighty of the Gordon Highlanders,
forty men of the army service corps ard
& few of Kitchener's Horse, maintained a
defense until the arrival of reinforce
ments, sustaining insignificant casualties.
The Standard's correspondent at JacoL*.
dal. telegraphing Thursday, February 15,
cays:
"An attack was made yesterday upon
the rear guard of our main body by a
force of 1400 Boers, who were hurried up
from Colesberg. They succeeded In cap
turing some of our wagons, but Lord
Roberts did not delay his march to retake
these. There were few casualties on our
elde. The last of our supply columns «r
rived from Honey Nest Kloof to-day, hav
ing met with no opposition on the way."
The Dally News publishes the following
dispatch, dated Sunday morning, Febru
ary IS. from Modder River:
"Our sudden appearance seems to have
astounded the enemy and thrown them
Into a panic. All their positions were hur
riedly evacuated and the big guns at Ma.
gprsfonteln and Kimberley were left be
hind.
"General Cronje moved his transport,
consisting of many hundreds of wigons.
along a tank of kopjes north of the Mod
der. toward Koffyfontein. It got past our
mounted infantry, but owing to weariness
bad to ptop. Thereupon our artillery
opened upon it. The main body of the
Boer forces kept up a running: fight the
whole day, mainly trying to escape.
"Each time their advance guard sought
to move off our mounted infantry gal
loped around and checked them. We
never attempted to stop their main move
ment, contenting ourselves with trying to
check them.
"Their position at Koffyfontein is said
to be very strong. They entertain a
ONLY FIFTY BRITISH FELL IN
THE MARCH TO KIMBERLEY
wholesome dread of 10,000 cavalry, moving
more quickly than they do themselves.
We hope to be in Bloemfontein shortly."
The Daily Mall has another dispatch
from the Modder River military camp,
dated Sunday morning, which says:
"At dawn on Friday the Boers were
observed moving wagons along the kopjes
toward Koffyfohteln. Our mounted in
fantry was sent out from Klip Drift, but
was driven back, and the enemy's wagons
passed. General Knox's Twelfth Brigade,
however, quickly attacked the enemy's
main body, and severe fighting went on
all day over a line which was very ex
tended. The enemy, making a desperate
attempt, finally escaped, owing to the ser
pentine bend of the river. The mounted
Infantry Buffered from the trying flank
movement. Our force has now been re
inforced."
The correspondent of the Times at Mod
der River, wiring yesterday, says:
"General Cronje's army of 10,000 men,
with 1000 wagons, is in full retreat toward
Bloemfontein, hotly pursued by General
Kelly-Kenny. It will probably be a rear
guard fight all the way to Bloemfontein.
Our cavalry has already returned from
Kimberley to Join In the pursuit."
A dispatch to the Times from Naauw
poort, describing the retirement from
Arundel, draws attention to the devotion
of twenty men of the Victoria Mounted
Rifles, who were caught in a trap and
died to a man, fighting to the last.
ROBERTS' PROCLAMATION
TO THE FREE STATERS
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 18.— Lord Roberts
has issued a proclamation to the burghers
of the Orange Free State saying that he
feels it his duty to make known to all the
burghers the cause of the coming of the
British as well as to do all in his power
to terminate the devastation caused by
the war, and that he Issues the proclama
tion In order that if the burghers should
continue fighting they may not do so ig
norantly, but with a full knowledge of
their responsibility before God for th*
lives lost in the campaign. The procla
mation goes on to say:
The British Government believes that the
wanton and unjustifiable Invasion of British
territory was not committed with the general
approval of the people of the Free State, with
whom the British Government has lived In
complete amity for so many years. It be
lieves the responsibility rests wholly with the
Government of the Free State, acting not In
the Interests or the country, but under mis
chievous Influences from without.
Great Britain, therefore, wishes the people
of the Free State to understand that It bears
them no HI will and that, 80 far as is compati
ble with the successful conduct of (he war
and the re-eatabllshment of peace. It Is
anxious to preserve them from the evils brought
upon them by the wrongful action of their
Government. .
FRENCH' SPY EXPOSED
THROUGH DR. LEYDS
PARIS, Feb. 18.— The sensational news
papers of Paris publish a story with re
gard to a sub-chief of one of the bureaus
of the Ministry, of Marine named Phillpp,
who is said to have been discovered in an
offer to furnish Great Britain Information
relating to the freighting of vessels for
the Transvaal In French ports. • It is al
leged that in the letter containing bis pro-
RIMINGTON'S SCOUTS WATCHING THE BOER MOVEMENTS.
(FROM "BLACK AND WHITE.")
"Rlmington's Tigers," so called from the broad band of leopard 'skin worn around their hats, were a picked body
of colonial horsemen serving with Lord- Methuen's column. They were raised by Major M. F. Rimington, Sixth Inniskil
lins, from among the residents of the country, and their fine work in the earlier part, of the campaign earned for them the
title of the "Eyes and Ears of the Army." Later, however, their' good-fellowship with the people of the locality in which ;
they operated, many of whom were of Boer blood and sympathies, coupled with the; fact of. a .continual leakage, as to his
own movements through to the enemy, raised strong suspicion as to their fidelity, and caused General Methuen some three
weeks ago to order their disbandment. ¦ ' - ' ,
British Capture More
Than One Hundred
Wagons Laden With
Boer Supplies.
Federals Make a Stand at Each
Kopje to Cover the Movement
of Their Convoy in the Re
treat From Kimberley.
JACOBS DAL. February 17.— General Kelly-Kenny is still
pursuing the Boers. He has now captured more than 100
wagons laden with supplies. The Highland Brigade re
inforced him after a forced march. General French has left
Kimberley to join in the pursuit of the Boer army. The guards
have occupied the Boer position at Magerslontein.
Further details of the Boer retreat show that the enemy
has been fighting a good rear guard action and occupying
successive kopjes in order to allow the moving of the convoy,
which, however, has been going at a very slow pace, the ani
mals apparently being dead beat. The latest reports show that
the Boers in the neighborhood of Klip Kraals drift are un-
General French's magnificent march is still the subject of
admiration, especially in view of the duststorms and thunder
storms that all experienced.
The work of shelling the Boers proceeds vigorously.
Owing to the style of the action, the Boers are bound to show
in the open whenever they are obliged to leave the kopjes.
BIRDS RIVER. Saturday, Feb. 17. — The position near
Dordrecht now is that the Boers occupy a strong hill north of
the town, and that the British under Gatacre hold a commanding
post to the south. Both are maintaining a brisk exchange of
shells over Dordrecht.
General Brabant's horse, 2000 strong, commenced the
march from Penhook on Thursday morning over a trackless
veldt and through a mountainous and difficult country. Early
on Friday they were fired upon, and the firing continued all day
and weli into the night, the British clearing the Boers out of
successive positions under a terrific rifle fire lasting eight hours.
Toward midnight on Friday the British forced the Boers
at the point of the bayonet out of their last position, an impor
tant one overlooking Dordrecht. The artillery duel was con-
The British casualties were eight killed, including Captain
Crallan and Lieutenant Chandler, and eight wounded. The
British captured some prisoners and a quantity of forage and
provisions.
KELLY-KENNY'S FORCE PURSUES THE ARMY OF CRONJE
WHILE BULLER ENGAGES THE BOERS ON TUGELA RIVER
Burghers Stubbornly
Contest the Advance
of Imperial Troops
Toward Ladysmith.
Buller Occupies Hussar Hill
.VVith Slight Loss After an
Artillery Duel Lasting From
Wednesday Until Friday.
CHIEVELEY, Feb. 18.— General Buller's casualties
during the last three days' operations have been
about 80. The British forces have now partly as
cended Monte Christo Hill.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— The Sun has the following
from Loursnzo Marquez : Commandant Lucas Meyer
wires to-day from Colenso that very heavy fighting is
going on in the Blaavv Krantz Valley. The British arc
in overwhelming numbers, but all the Federal posi*
tions were maintained when the dispatch was sent.
S~\ HIEVELEY, Sunday, Feb. 18. — General Buller has es
l# tablished his headquarters on Hussar Hill. Heavy artil
lery firing was maintained at intervals by both sides from
Wednesday until Friday. The British slowly pushed the ad
vance, and their infantry occupied new intrenched positions in
front of Hussar Hill, with slight loss. It is believed the lyddite
worked havoc in the Boer trenches.
The Boers are supposed to have moved their big guns back
over the Tugela on Friday afternoon. The rifle fire has been
heavy at times. The whole country is thickly wooded.
The British operations are directed to the capture of Hlang
wane Hill, where the Boers are strongly fortified, and from which
they are shelling the British with great accuracy.
The British infantry is now deployed along a line extending
for seven miles to the small kopjes at the foot of Monte Cristo
Hill. From 6 o'clock Friday morning the British incessantly
shelled Monte Cristo, with the nek separating it from Blaauw
Krantz Hill, on the right. The British infantry is making slow
progress up the nek in the endeavor to occupy Monte Cristo,
which will enable it to enfilade the Boers on Hlangwane.
CHIEV£LEY, Wednesday, Feb. 14 (delayed by censor).
— The movement northeastward began this (Wednesday) morn
ing. Lord Dundonald, with cavalry, infantry and artillery, oc
cupied Hussar Hill, five miles north of Chieveley. The infantry
intrenched the hill. General Lyttelton worked around to the
right and Sir Charles Warren in the front and to the left.
The Boers were heavily intrenched on Hlangwane and
Monte Cristo hills. A steady, independent fire, with occasional
volleys, was maintained for hours, and the enemys' trenches were
vigorously shelled. The Boers had one gun in action during the
early part of the day, but when we began shelling they moved
it across the river. They used one Nordenfeldt in the afternoon.
Our casualties were few.
FRERE CAMP, Feb. 16.— The Boers have abandoned
several laagers. General Buller renewed the bombardment of
the Boer position without eliciting a response. Another forward
movement is regarded as imminent.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 81.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
The San Francisco Call5A> hakael. Keo. IS.— xne engage
ment of Miss Julia Herzog to
Charles L- Jacobs cf San Francisco
was announced to-day. The pros
pective bride is the daughter of S. Htr
zog, a prominent merchant of this place.
Mr. Jacobs' name is weli known in con
nection with the candy business he con
ducts at 721 Larkin street, $an Francisco.
He also controls large property interests
in Southern California. Hiss Herzo? has
been one of the most popular of the
younger set since her debut two years
fc_/ro. She ie accomplished and versatile.
being a talented artist and excellent rou
eidan.
Mr. Herzog has always been a promi
nent factor ia the development of the
town, aad was the pioneer merchant of
the place. The young couple intend to
SHOT DOWN HIS
WIFE'S ASSAILANT
Justice Meted Out by a
Marysville Man.
?
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. IS.— While crazed
from drink this evening Edward Hanlon
committed an assault on Mrs. George
R D ff « l her norn c in the Fifth Precinct.
Ruff, who was in the country purchas
ing stock, returned in time to' hear hi 3
wife s cries for help, and on learning the
facts seized his shotgun and fired on Han
lon as he was fleeing from the premises.
T , n « charge took effect at the base of tbe
skuli back of the right ear. The doctor 3
have small hope for the Injured man.
Ruff delivered himself to the city au
thorities, but on the advice of the Dis
trict Attorney has been released from
Jail, his action being- considered Justifi
able, doubly so because of Mrs. Ruff's
delicate condition.
ADVEBTISEaEEITTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
iXEBENBASJ&t
*^& co.«*
222-224 BUTTER STREET
REGULAR ANNUAL
STOCK-TAKING SALE
...0f...
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS
...A.in...
KITCHEN UTENSILS.
Oar Entire Line at 20 Per
Cent Discount for the
Whole Week.
s€e«l war*. maj»st*«L a few price* »c-
lect*d at rarrrton:
CLOTHES -r T
WHINGERS
DISH PAH 3Qc
CARPET O rt w O
SWEEPERS $2.80 jfefeg: M
Ik^ TURKEY
¦ DUSTERS 25s
yT lj t-rrh— loss-
V K«C Be.
• I<f ghtalss . ' ' Mjß fp l ~"d
TACK HAMMER, Re?. 16c, n± 10:
LIPPEO SAUCE
PAN 50s tf*^
Wcito «aassel«d F. i . .J?^
war?. S qta. ea-g^^ggg'
2-PIEGE CARYINB SET $1.50
BocUicra ttndlea. n*t- tt
WATER PAIL 30c
13 qoarta. r»r^u=!**i. Reg. 435.
W» also carry a eoxnplst* Ha* of hooae-
hold hardware. cstlery. nlckaWplatM
war*, papler-niaehe gso-ia. ollclotaa. «tc
All sold this week at 10 p+r ecat x%&ae-
tiea.
have only a short engagement, aad at the
£°H cl^S I ,'? nn I J of two months their wedding
bells will rins.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
drursiats refund the money If It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's clgnatura Is oa each box. 25c
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. s7iiA^irAß?AmAll
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:tt
a.. m.; 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thnrs. night); Fri-
flaye. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:J0 a. ra.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Pock.
f?« >"O--2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE _^^.500
OCEAN TBAVEL.
CCMPAQMIS GKSEaALS TXAXIUirS^ytT^X
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRTKTvrATiTSk j.**^.
Sailing every Thursday i7»sr»»J! ,-^f VJ jTr\
Saturday, from Noverstxr 2, ls«s» m
10 a. m.. froia Pl#r tt N".-,n> Isl'/W fcv-f. tt
Morten st. : LA GASOQONR. l>^h M f.K TkW-
RAINE. March 1: L.\ UniCTA.iXT.V %i*t*^ i-
L'AQUITAINE. March Vv r?r«t <-,;»«> t.,
Havre, na an>l vrrward: S v*t v»T,t r*vTst.~t},-«»i <w»
round trip. S«ccnd clas* t» !;*-«?-. t*s- n r< r-
cent reduction oa ro«T*4 trtsv vt.
AGENCY FOR CXTTED S?TATIUS AXO
CANADA, tt Brcji.*w-Ay 4.».w4 .».w twU.tiJi«>
New Tork. J. F. FrCJASJ A CV». »*»ctA«
Coast Agents. S Mcratrcacry at-Sx, Saa Fraa«
daco.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMER 3 WILL LEAVE VTHXKF COR-
n»r of First and Brasnan rtrewta, l a, a
for lOKAHAMA and HONGKONG caUiae at
Kcb* (Hlcso). N3£a?aki and Shar-Bha!. a=i
conrectins at Honickon? with steamers t.-r
India, etc. No cargo receiTed en bc*rd ca £at
Of ia:!ir.ir.
AMERICA MARC XTMne»i.\y. !t?j«-f*i' ?
HONOKOXG MARC Patardjvt-. >£*-.->. «
NIPPON MARU WedaesA&J-. AnrH iS
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at r-JuceJ r*?»«. T---T
freight and passage a?ply at c^. i ss^a?.< ( > *tf!VV
Ci Market »t.. comer Plrrt.
W. H. AVERT, is*n»^l AifK*.
Come, See.
Big Presents
With Coffee
With Tea
With Spices
With Baking: Powder
Come Just to See.
Great AmericaD Imuortinir Tea Co.
Stores Every^iiere.
xoo stores.
MAD ELEPHANTS GORE
THEIR KEEPERS TO DEATH
Terrible Panic Created Among the
Audience at the Crystal Pal
ace, Sydenham.
LONDON, Feb. 18.— An exciting scene
took place at the Crystal Palace. Syden
ham, this afternoon. Two large elepharta
belonging to the circus ran amuck, killed
their keepers and gored another man.
There was a terrible panic in the audience
attending the concert in the place. Ore
animal was captured after great damage
to property. The other escaped through
the grounds but was captured late this
evening in the suburb of Breckenham.
DECREE BY DIAZ.
Mexico Will Have a System of
Bonded Warehouses.
CITY OF MEXICO. Feb. IS.— The Presi
dent has issued a decree for the estab
lishment of a system of bonded ware
houses at ports of entry. Managers of
warehouses may loan money on the goods
deposited, as well as enjoy the usual priv
ileges pertaining to this business in. for
eign countries, collecting storage charges,
etc Exemption from customs duties on
the materials for the construction of the
warehouses Is granted for nve years.
Several banks here are Interested in this
business, and New York parties . are ex
pected to take a portion of the capital
required. The business was projected
some years ago, but was defeated in Con
gress, but It is now certain to pass.
Big Blaze at Reno.
Special IHspatch to The Call.
RENO. Feb. 18. — The offices, stables,
stock and a portion of the lumber in the
yards of the Reno Lumber Company were
destroyed by flre this afternoon. Loss
about' $SOOO.- James Henry, who was
sleeping above the office of the lumber
company, was ¦ rescued after the buildintr
was ablaze and sustained severe burns
about the face and bead.
THEY WILL BE MARRIED
IN THE EARLY SPRINQ
Engagement /\rvr\o\j need of J^iss Julia \\<zr
zog, a Sar\ Rafael Belle, and GKarles
Jacobs of San Francisco.
PHILIPPINES MUST BE
GARRISONED FOREVER
Thus Declares General Shafter in
Speaking of the War in the
Archipelago.
BUFFALO. Feb. IS.— General "William
R. Shafter was at Fort Porter to-day
while returning to San Francisco. Inter
viewed on the Philippine situation, he
said:
"I regard the insurrection as broken.
So far as the Tagalcs are concerned, the
insurrection is practically ended. As to
what may occur among the other tribes
of people over there I cannot cay."
"How long will a garrison be necessary
in the Philippines?" was asked. *
"Forever." he replied, "and by forever
I mean during your lifetime and mine.
Troops must be there for years to come.
We have garrisons in this country, and
certainly garrisons will be needed there."
General Shafter will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow.
CALLED AT REQUEST
OF IMPERIAL GOVERNMENT
Reasons Set Forth for the Assem
bling of the Newfoundland
Legislature.
ST. JOHNS. N\ F.. Feb. Li— The speech
of the Governor. Sir Hugh McCallum. at
the opening cf the Newfoundland Legisla
ture to-morrcw will intimate that the ses
sion has been called at the request of the
imperial Government to renew the modus
Vivendi on .the coast treaty, so that
French fishermen may be enabled to pre
pare for the summer's operations without
delay.
The reply of the Legislature will declare
the colony's loyalty and 'its 'readiness 10
assist the mother country In the present
crisis by enacting the desired m^a-sure.
Atthe same time It will express a. hope
that the near future will see a final set
tlement of the long-standingr controversy.
KAISER TO ABANDON
HIS PET CANAL BILL
Willing to Let It Lapse for a Time in
the Interest of the Naval
Special Cab!* t-> T^e Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted, ISOO, by th« >>>w York
Herald Company.
BERLIN, Feb. IS.— According to the
Taugliche Rundechau the Kaiser, in spite
of his confident language in the speech
from the throne, has, for the time being
at leaet. made up his mind that the canal
bill will be rejected. He acquiesces in this
order that the bill may not in any way
hinder the passage of the navy bill. This
would be. however, a complete capituia
tion to the Agrarian party and a curious
fashion of observing the promise given by
the Kaiser at Dortmund. *
Smothered in a Tunnel.
RIVERSIDE. Feb. 18.— W. A- Chase, a
laborer, lost his life yesterday afternoon
in a tunnel about four miles from this
city. Chase was at work alone in the
tunnel, when many tons of earth caved
in near the tunnel mouth. Chase was
covered with five feet of earth. He leaves
a family.
Famous School Teacher Dead.
HARTFORD, Conn.. Feb. 18.— Miss Sa
rah Porter, head of a famous school in
Farmington and ,aister of the late Nbih
Porter, died to-day, aged E5. Bhe estab
lished her school about fifty years. apo.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a Btaa,-r.rrs l«*r« Broadway
W wajtrf. Eaa Frascfsoo:
Fcr Ala»kaa porta. 13 a. a.
H»'.'2Bn> ocs^Lay's steaners a:
Bm*Bfl « i J For WtstcrtM. Vaaecn^'r
ESES^fg&aS CB. O, Pert TtwuMad.
S«*«I«. Taoecis, E»-»r«tt.
A s t.rcrv-i ar-i New Wh«:-
co» fWa*a.X W s. as.. F»b.
to. S; Mar. !. aad rr*ry flTtfc &aj der^ifT:
chasre at Seattle to taia ooxapaay*s sTaaaeri
for Alaska aad G. N. Ry. : at Tacca^a to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vanoe*r»«T to C. P. Ry.
For Enreka (Hnnsboldt Bay). S p. ca.. Feb.
IS, O. JB. Mar. i. aad rrery fifta day tJw«**ter.
For Eaata Crca. Mcatcrer. Saa ftiw»^^ Cay-
aecs. Port Harford (Saa Lota Obispo). Osvrlsts,
Faata Barbara. Vesrara. Haeaeste, Baa P*lr?.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) »?-i N«»juil j
a. el. Feb. 15. M. !*. IS. Mar. 4. aad every
focrth day taereaJter.
Fcr fan Dieiro. stepplay only at Port Harfard
(Saa Luis Obispo). Saata Barbara, Port Los
Anceles aad Redoado iLcs Aag«les). 11 a. as..
Feb. li. 23. K. Mar. 2. aad «r«ry fdorta £*y
th»rearter.
For Ensecada. Xagdaleoa Bay. Baa Joaw del
Cabo. Maxatlaa. Altata, L* Pas, Easta Rosa!!*
aad Guay=»j (Mex.). 10 a, zs.. 7tii cf each
ooata.
For farther laJuii:i«flon obtaia eecpczr'f
folder.
Tbe company ieser»e» th» rtgat to ehaax^
steamers, ¦ailing fiatea aaiS boon of salUag-.
wlthcnt rrevloos notJc*.
TICKET OFTICK —4 N»w KsctcoxaerT
street (Palace Hot*l).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 & CO.. G«a. Xru..
to Market «t , Saa Frmaeisstv
SNOWSTORM PROVES A
BOON TO UNEMPLOYED
Thousands Given Work Clearing New
York Streets of Their Mantle
of White.
NEW YORK, Feb. IS.-Yesterday-s
snowstorm caused little Inconvenience In
this city. Indeed, the snowstorm, which
amounted to seven inches In depth, was
a blessing to the unemployed, giving work
to thousands of men in clearing the
streets and sidewalks. The temperature
was 20 above zero. Trains were forty
minutes to one and a half hours late.
All of the vessels which came in early
this morning had been at or just off the
coast during the snowstorm. Amoug
those which came up were the American
liner St. Louis. French liner La Touraine
and the Phoenicia. The St. Louis was
sighted off Fire Island through the snow
and groped about in the vicinity of thn
Hook until this morning. Early in the
morning she lost an anchor. She was
near the Hook and riding with her port
anchor out. A swell lifted the vessel and
the cable parted near the hawser hole.
Twice while outside she passed in the
Hook, but went back again. The snow
storm let up early in the morning and
she came up to quarantine. The Phoeni
cia and La Touraine also had to strop*
around in the storm, and it took con
siderable time to dock La Touraine, ow
ing to trouble with her anchors.
The Hamburg-American liner Graf
waldersee. which, went aground. In the
Lower Bay SatuVday afternoon, succeed
ed in gettinp off at high tide and passetd
out the Hook this morning.
GENERAL WOOD'S DECREE
CREATES A SENSATION
Cuban Press Comments Favorably
With the Exception of One Par
tisan Paper.
SAXTTAGO DE CT'BA, Feb. is.—Gov
ernor-General Wood's general orders
specifying the prerogatives of military
commanders and civil governors are cre
ating a sensation here. The press, with
the exception of the violently partisan
local Cuban orpan, comments favorably
upon them, saying that they indicate an
honest Intention on the part of the inter
vening government to fulfill the pledge to
establish the Independence of Cuba.
The provision transferring public works
to. the civil department on April 1 caused
alarm among many American employes,
as they expect dismissal when the trans
fer is made. The managers of the Ameri
can and foreign business enterprises are
also somewhat concerned, as they have no
confidence in the coming Cuban adminis
tration of public afTairs. Thousands of
Cuban politicians confidently expect
recognition when the transfer is made.
SUES THE RAILROAD.
1 DTaghicevich Wants Damages for Be
ing Beaten by a Conductor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. IS.-A suit that will at
tract considerable attention and define the
status of a railway employe to hia em
ploying corporation was filed in Justice
Wallace's court yesterday. It is that of
Mat Draghicevich of Santa Clara against
the San Jose and Santa Clara Electric
Railway Company to recover $299 dam
ages. On Christmas eve Draghicevich
was a passenger on a car and had some
trouble with I. H. Flckel, the conductor.
A dispute led to blows and Fickel had
Draghicevich arrested on charges of bat
tery' ano disturbing the peace, but he was
acquitted in a Justice Court, which prac
tically decided that Conductor Flckel was
the aggressor.
Now Drap.dcevich has sued for dam
ages, claiming that the company Is re
sponsible for the attack of its conductor
on him.
Want Democratic Convention.
MILWAUKEE, Feb. IS.— A delegation of
about a hundred boomer .Including prom
inent politicians from Racine. Waukesha.
Fon dv Lac and other - Wisconsin cities
left Milwaukee for Washington on a spe
cial train to-day. The delegation will
work hard to secure the Democratic Na
tional Convention for Milwaukee. Many of
the boomers wore silk hats and carried
canes. AH wore handsome badges pre
pared for the occasion. Kansas City is
looked upon here as Milwaukee's only op
ponent . L
PORCUPINE VALLEY A
PARADISE FOR SPORTSMEN
Eig Game Is Plentiful and the Creek
and Lakes Swarm With
Grayling.
VICTORIA. B. C. Ft-b. I?.— Louis Stet-
Eor.. formerly of a Seattle sawmill com
pany, has returned frGm a journey up the
Porcupine Valley over two hundred miles
into the Arctic Circle, ar.d he tells a story
of a wonderful virgin game country that
Is a paradise for sportsmen.
He says th^re are thousands of moose
and caribou like the* herds of bison that
w-re once on the American plains. Moun
tain sheep were thick and bear prowled
everywhere. Grayling simply swarmed in
th* crc-ek? and lakes. They could be
killed in the shallows with sticks. Ptar
migan w»rre seen in thousands and ducks
in great numbers. It was notable, he said,
that although thunder was unknown at
Dawson it was prevalent in this region.
Thomas McClelland Dead.
SAN JOSE. Feb. I*.— Thomas J. McClel
land, a well-known capitalist, who has
large Oafclan.l investments, died to-day,
jgtd Tt years. He had been ailing for over
1 year. Many years cf his life were
*pent in South Africa. About fifteen
f*rar« ago in an altercation with C. X.
nobbs, a well-known San Josean, In
Johannesburg. Hobbs was killed. McClel
¦anA urns *Trin*ra!p*i at th«» trial.
MARSHALL SAYS
HE WILL PRESIDE
Kentucky Legislature to
Reconvene.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. IS.-A num
ber of the Democratic legislators returned
here to-night and numerous conferences
were in progress during the evening re
lating to the political programme to-mor
row, when the Democratic and Republi
can branches of the Legislature will meet
together for the first time since the assas
sination of Governor' Goebel. The qucs»
tlun of whether Lieutenant Governor Mar
shall (Republican) or President pro tern.
Carter (Democrat) will preside in the
Senate is as wide open to-night as It has
been. The Democratic leaders Bay Sen
ator Carter will preside. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Marshall is not here, but before
leaving the city last night be stated posi
tively that he would return Monday and
Insist on his right to preside, and the Re
publican leaders assert positively to-night
that he will preside. Neither side goes
farther than these bare statements, and
what steps they will take if any to carry
out these cross-purposes respectively can
only be determined by events to-morrow.
Governor Taylor went to church to-day
without a military escort and spent the
remainder of the day at the mansion with
his family. Governor Beckham returned
to the city to-night with the Democratic
legislators and will have h!s headquarters
at the Caritol Hotel. Justus and Arthur
Go*bel also returned and will remain un
til the body of their d«-ad brother Is finally
consigned to earth. The body still lies In
the little chapel In the cemetery, the rel
atives having been slow to determine the
exact spot of burial.
The question of reopening the contest
over the Governorship by presenting res
olutions In both houses ratifying the ac
tion taken fay the Democratic legislators
on two occasions declaring Senator Goebel
Governor was discussed by some of the
Democratic members to-night who favor
it. They say this would not be a conces
sion that the former proceedings were il
legal, but would probably put an end to
the controversy sooner. The matter has
not been decided on officially, but a ma
jority of the members, who are outspoken
on the matter, expressed themselves as
opposed to reopening the matter in any
form. They will abide by the decision of
the party managers, however, and there
may be some reference to it in the session
of the. Legislature to-morrow.
?
ANOTHER TRAGEDY
NARROWLY AVERTED
FRANKFORT, Feb. IS.— A political ar
gument between ex-State Senator Charles
J. Bronston of Lexington and Claude
Desna, chief clerk of the Senate, came
near precipitating a shooting affray on a
Chesapeake and Ohio train crowded with
returring Democratic legislators to
night. Bronston is said to have denounced
the Goebel men as revolutionists, and
Desha. to whom the remarks were ad
dresffd, denominated Bronston as a
boltfr. Angry words passed and Senator
Bronston drew a pistol. Several legisla
tor? stood between them and ¦ prevented
trouble. Desha's friend*, say he was not
armed. Later both men agreed to drop
the matter.
DISINHERITED
HIS DAUGHTER
Klinkerfuhc Will May Be
Contested.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call
SAN JOSE. Feb. IS.— A lively contest
over the estate of Frederick Kllnkerfuhc,
a pioneer resident of Santa Clara. Is
promised. This ill feeling has been en
gendered by the filing of a will, in which
the testator discriminated against a
daughter because of her marriage. Klink
erfuhc died last week, leaving an estate
valued at about $15,000. This is to be di
vided equally among three children— Gus,
Tillie and Fred Kllnkerfuhc with the ex
ception of J5O. which was left to Mrs.
Dora Knoth, another daughter.
The will in question is dated October 22,
1.53. Arter providing for his burial and
the erection of a monument over the
graves of his ¦wife and himself, to cost
between $300 and $500, he gives to his son,
Gus, forty acres of land and a one-third
interest in the residue of the estate.
The balance of property, consisting of a
house in Santa Clara and a vmeyard and
winery, is divided in three equal parts,
but the estate is not to be divided for
three years. Since the will was made the
disinherited daughter, Dora Knoth, has
died.
The deceased daughter was the wife of
David Knoth, and it la said she was dls
innerited because of her father's dislike
for her husband. She left three small
children— Gertrude, David and Frederick
Knoth— and in their Interest the father
will wage a contest unless the other heirs
compromise by giving them a full fourth
interest.
HOUSE DEBATE
ON PORTO RICO
Tariff Bill Will Come Up
To- Day.
IMPORTANT POINT INVOLVED
FTJTTJBE STATUS OF INSTJLAB
POSSESSIONS.
Republicans Take the Stand That the
Constitution Does Not Extend
Over Newly Acquired
Territory.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 18.— The House
to-morrow will enter upon the considera
tion of. the Porto Rlcan tariff bill, and the
debate upon it promises to be memorial.
The vital question at issue is whether
that clause of the constitution providing
for equality of import and excise taxes
throughout United States territory ex
tends over the island of Porto Rico, and
in this is Involved, perhaps, the oetermi
nation of the future status and govern
ment of our new possessions.
The Republicans In framing the pUI
have proceeded upon the theory that the
constitution and its immunities do not ex
tend over Porto Rico. The Democrat 3
are solidly arrayed upon the othersifie.
and In committee they were Joined by
one Republican. Call of Massachusetts.
Among the other Republicans who take
the same view 13 nittleneld of Maine, who
succeeded the late Mr. Ding-ley. The sup
port of these two prominent Republicans
has raised some hope among the opposi
tion that they may be able to defeat the
bill, although this hardly seems probable
at this writing. Both sides are preparing
for a royal struggle. Payne, the floor
leader of the majority, will open In sup
port of the bill. He will be followed by
Richardson, the minority leader. Bailey
of Texas will close for the minority. Tee
debate will continue throughout the week.
The vote will be taken on the following
Monday.
BEFORE THE SENATE.
Hawaiian Bill Will Be Discussed at
Length.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The attention
of the Senate this week will be given
largely to the relations of the United •
States to ita Insular possessions. The bill f
providing a form of grovernment for the [
Hawaiian Island 3 has right of way. and
If It should be so fortunate as to be
finally acted upon before the close of the
week the Porto Rlcan bill will be Imme
diately taken up.
The probabilities are that the Hawaiian
bill will be debated at considerable
length, and that many amendments will j
be offered to It, and it may be made the
basil of more or les3 general talk on the j
question of the policy to be pursued to- I
ward the new possessions. Considerable
time will probably be necessary to the
final disposal of the bill.
All admit the urgency of legislation ;
giving the Hawalians a. government, but
there are some points on which there are i
radical differences of opinion. The most '
important of these Is the question as to
whether the commercial Intercourse be- !
tween the United States and the Elands 1
shall be under a tariff or under the free j
trade system allowed between the States j
of the Union. The bill provides for free '
trade, but several of the -Senators, under
the leadership of Senator Platt of Con- j
necticut, are making an effort to secure j
radical amendment in this respect. Sena
tor Cullom. In charge of the bill, will r»- |
slst, and he will be supported by some !
Republicans and nearly all the Demo- !
cratic members. Practically the tarns i
neht will be made on the Porto Rlcan
bill.
On Wednesday Senator Lodge will de
liver a prepared speech on the Philippine
situation, and Senator Kenney will de
liver a set speech on that Question on
Tuesday.
The conference report on the currency ;
bill will likely be brought in during the j
week, and If so everything else will be
laid aside for Its consideration, A very
short debate Is expected ov»r this report
when made. The diplomatic appropria
tion bill may be considered during the
week.
BRYAN FAVORED
BY POPULISTS
TO UPLIFT THE
MAN THAT TOILS
»
Fusionists Control Na
tional Committee.
PREPARING FOR THE MEETING
s
OPPOSITION TO DEMOCRATIC
VICE PBESIDENT.
K&zs&s City and Milu-auke- Lead ia
the Tight for the Metting Place
of the Nationid Con
vention.
Industrial'Orgranization
Necessary.
DISCUSSION BY ECONOMISTS
•
LABOR MUST OOMBINE AS CAP
IT AI/ COMBINES.
»
Social Problem the Theme of Noted
E-ducators at a Sunday Even- V
ing Institute in New
. Tork. - . , .
E?*c'.il Dirrat^h to The C*U.
LIXC^LN*. Neb.. Beb. It— The r.atior.al ;
cc=:siittee of the Populist party wiO EMt
In this city to-morrow. Party :eafiers are
rr.akir.p great preparations fcr the- event."
There is a gre«x s«raiKble among incia-.
h>ers of the comniiuee for proxies, aa It
is understood the far away, members wl.l
rot atter-d the meeting. The leaders, how
tver wCI be here. Senator Ai.en arrtred"
;o-day. Senator Marion Builer, cha.nrsaii I
cf the ccmnittee. will be present, as »;il *
ilso teverai ether party leaden.
No two men agree in their forecasts of -
the action cf the committee, yet ail cot:- .
ckt In the prediction that the fusion fac
tion wii control it. In other words, the
leaders who have a ccntrollin^ voice In :
the national council of the Populist yarty
have placed themselves at the service of
V. . J. Bryan, and will shape the policy of ;
the Pcpuiist party ia strict accordance
with the wishes of Mr. Bryan and s:s :
L-ersocratic associates.
Tr.e faction which is strenuously de
manding that only a Populist shall be
named for Vice President and that the
l>emocratic National Convention -shall ,
ieave that place open so the Popuiiets
rr.ay BD it. is sure to be heard from, rot '
only at the Lincoln meeting, but at the
national convention as well. It ie under- I
stood in Populistic circles here that the .
fecioa members, as well as the mldd!*- .
of -t he-road Eembere. are practically a
unit en this point. They are determined
there snail be no Watson-Scwail handicap, j
KBth a* that wi^ch characterized the cam
paign of ISX. A pr:vate letter received
bere cays that this was the subject of the \
conference between Mr. Bryan and Sen
atcrs Butler and Allen in Washington re- ! ,
cently, whereat it was given out that Sen- '
fctcr Allen will t«e empowered to make a ' '
pledge to the ccxnini!te*n3en upon his ar- ; ',
r.val at Lincoln which sha.ll be entirely
*atisf*ctcry to them- This assursnee will i
prove cuCcient to C-iiet the ner\es of the ; ;
members fa\xrable to fusion on the na- I ,
uonal ticket, but it is said here that the !
mid-readers will dencand a pledge frcm , [
the National Democratic Committee irre- \ \
epectiv* of any a&surance made in the ! l
name of Mr. Bryan. The mid-road fac- I '
CSon will it tn the minority, but there is , \
no doubt it* leather lung? will be given * i
plenty cf eiercis*. They "jropose to lay •
down an ultimatum thai if the National ' .
Popuiiet Convention is -expected by the , |
Democrats to indorse the nominee of ti-e |
Nationai Democratic Convention with re- -
spect to the first place on the ticket, then ;
and ir. that case the Democrats must con- j
sent to indorse the Populist nominee for , •
V2ce President. j *
There is considerable gossip here c^n- j
cemin^ the pi&iform wh:ch the Populists
will formulate uncer the fusion plan. The '
fusion members of the committee will ' •
urre that the party in convention assem
bled mv« adopt a platform carry-ing ¦ ,
simon-pure Popu'.istic doctrine, especialiy j
reeCrming the party faith in the wifdoni I ]
cf the free and unlimited coinage of silver • *
et the ratio of 16 to 1 without the aid or • i
consent of any etherisation. J <
The committt* wiii decide upon a place j 1
cf meeting of the r.atior.al convention To- I
day the choice stands between Kansas , f
**ity an^ Milwauk*^. with chances in ' '
favor cf the Missouri town. The date will J '
t.«r iediel on with reference to the date J •
of the Democratic convention, both of [
»hich will be cons para tively eariy. it ss ! 1
paid. The Question of proportionate rep- i J
r^sentation In the national convention ¦»:il ¦ I
call for .- . rr.-r conEideratlon, as will xlso j '
the means of ra*s!r.|? funds. Thif? latter 1
subject is a matter of grave concern to '
the Populists. Mon^jr is plentiful ai^d i
business is good, and these are the conCi- i
tions which superinduce apathy upon ih* !
part of the faithful. ' '
This m**tmg will be very important to S 1
the destinies of the two parties. Mr. i «
Brj-ar. has appealed to the leaders to urce j i
a large attendance. A little mi*ta^:e • t
would prove annoying and might re^ilt ¦ 3
In the loss of Nebraska and two or three ! j
other \Test*m States to the fusiontets ia I J
the electoral college. I !
XEV.- TORK. Feb. 15.— Cooper Union
i was filled to-night by zn audience gath
1 ered to hear, a discussion, on tbe.-ethical
ba_sis of industrial organization under the
auspices of the Peopie's Institute. Pro
fessor Charles Spra^ue Smith presided.
Edwin Markham was Introduced and
read one cf his poems en^tled "The End
»f the' Century." Mr. Markh&m was
heartily cheered asd was recalled, the
' aiKlience'deinar.dlr:^ the reading- of "The
¦ Mar. With the Hoe," to wluch he re
\Y. H. P. Faur.ce. president of Brown
University, the principal speaker of the
¦ tverdng. said in part:
: 1= crier that we mar study tfce human
trotfaerhooi zncre ciose!y. I want to consider
with roc four niea— the rr.a- with the hoe.
the c^an wttb & j*3. the man with a. purse
nd tte niaa with aa iif*.
He taid that the rr.an with a hoe had
¦ been inxinortaiized by Millet- Without the
; labor of the ruaii with the hoe all the
other labor of the world would cease, and
• to lift that lonely toiler was to lift the
'. world. He continued:
: The E&2 with a pen. is likewise toiling in
the service of the world. Without him all the
sreat thcuffhts and inspirations cf the werid
would <J!e almost as sscn as c^ckes.
Tfce — -.r. wiih a purse is a typ* whom we
can r*£<Ji!y discern. The Question is. what ;
is he doing with it?
Th» .tain with an liea Is cne that cassot !
b* to reaiily i>ortra.Ted. bat behind purse, pen ¦¦
tr.i hoe i:» 5 the idea, the visien. E%"ery man's :
wrrk '.i valuable Just in prcx^orticn as it is i
mix- * vrtrr. :d«>a^ l*r.;r.t»l!is^nt lat>cr simply ;
da-migei rair rr^.ter;al ar-d d-faces the beauty i
of the wcrli. We should then value the man >
with the !3ea. It may not t« cur idea, but [
pive him a charce to express it.
Professor Smith read a letter from Dr. :
Heber Newton, which was in part as fol
low*:
Labor orrarizes. capital orrar.ires. Capital
If c r£-ar.!i:r.g faster ar.cl ttotber than labor. '
Ctfea l«.t»:r can org^aciie ca the Fame gigantic !
seals, it will t»e mere as. the m»rcy of capital '
than ever. Hc-fie cf men will be thrown out of
employment. The market t-einy ir; the ccctrol
at a f p w hanis. prires can t-e forced up. Tai
atkin beyond the dream of the p»st can be
la:-! by private hards BpOB the whole corn- ¦
mur.ity. the ect'r* nation. The enormous )
power cf agrrecated capita! can debauch and i
corrupt our C:ty Ccunclis, our Legislature!. |
cur Cor.rress.
He^Tilstion arid cortrol mu«t be assumed by !
the State and pushed forward a« fast and a* !
far ts needful. The end cf that control is not
to break down the high crgas!rat!?a of capital.
but to eafer-arl it from Its cwn greed and !
rapficlty, tc humanize It. aud to naturalize It i
and to ultimately seize it. The ultimate out- s
c^me of the trust f«ns tc me what is prac- j
tical :n the <iream cf socialism.
THE SAX FRAXOISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
HE WAS HAPPY TILL HE MET HIM.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLD— Kroch Mfff. Co.. t Btrreason
st. Amalgamators. Sand Caatrirtxra! Pompa.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator A Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 49 Steveason st.
BEACH COLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES AH Use Gold by eravitation. No <roick-
sliver. Hand or power. Ia cperatloa 14 a pear.
STEAM ENGINFS.
Call and eec the lightest, cheapest, special Cap«
Nome steam engine; working parts completely
IncloMd; 155 to 1J35 for 1 to 3) horsepower;
weights SO to 1400; one operatlag; at RIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. 61» Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS la Cilia*
large numbers of orders for Nome. 141-ltS
First St.. 3. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING Oil. Crude Oil aad OaaoMsa.
ENSIGN A McGUFFICK. tZ Spear it.. S. 7.
SAND CENTRIFUQAL PUMPS.
Lift Go'.i-Bearing Sasds perfectly. Ia opera-
tion at CS Sixth st. BTRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh -or salt water for stales box**:
high or low lifts. Slmcnds. a Market st.
ENOI>ES. BOILERS. ETC
BAKER A HAMILTON. Engines and Bollen;
lower: prices oa tbe coast. Plas A Davis sta.
HENEHAW. BUCKLEY* CO.. Puns r». Steam md
Ga««line Cnsinea, Boiler*. U and ZS Fnmjtt
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturers, ban. teats,
covers. II aad 13 California st.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IP O I*. T L -A.3STD
From Spear-stiwct Wharf tt He m.
PAQE It 2 First Class Inetadtes Berti»
iMnC S3 Second Class and JZfU.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. V. Mar. %, 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. M, Mirci 4. 14. 14
Short Its* to Walla 'Walla. Spckase, Batt?.
Helena and all potnta la t.-.a Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Ehl
E. C WARD. Genaral Arest.
ro m *x»et n.
OQODXLZj. PERKE79 A CO..
Superintend eats.
AMERICAN LINE.
VHr TCaS. SOCT3AX7TO3. L05D03. FASI3.
Ftcppic* at Cfcfrbetiir. w-stbeuad.
From New Tork erery Wednesday. 19 a. in.
Ft. Lonl» Feb. IljSt. Paul March 14
Frl^sland Feb. 2<! K*nalnrtr>n ..March ?T
New T«rk ....March 7,M«w Tork Marcb £9
RED STAf* LINE.
New York and Antwerp
From Kew Torlt trery Wednesday. 12 noca.
Noonlland Feb. tlf Westernlaad .March 14
Friesland Feb. HlKenslnrtoa ..March 21
Scatnwark ...Mareii 7!Naon!lasd ...Marcb :s
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St AUcljae!, Dawson City.
Per fall information reyardlrg freight aai
passsr» tpply to
IKTEKN'ATIONAL. NAVIGATION COiTPANT.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its ajrvscies.
Farorlte line around the world via BawalL
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Euea.
England, etc: JO» first class. . .
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Ffei 6 ht081c>.327 Surketst
2Out-of-town orders are always filled. Just write us what you desire and we will answer at once. Get into
communication with us and you begin to save money on your clothes. Ask for our catalogue Ho. 2.
> .-¦,¦¦•¦. . 'i- ¦ "¦¦'•. ¦
718 Market Street.
Coys' school shoes for 85c a pair, worth
SI 75. at the sale of shoes. 717 Market st •
Boys' Sailor Suits.
Made of a dark shade of blue flannel, tastefully, trimmed with white or red braid
in rows and designs, the ages run from 3 to 10 years; you will find the suits to your
liking, and doubly so to the boy's; the suits are
95c ea , ch -
Killed by Morphine.
Thomas Gaffney, an habitue of the ten
derloin, was found dead ln his bed at 4
Virginia place, off Dupont street, near
Pine, at an early hour this morning by
Policeman John Edwards. Some time ago
Gaffney met with an accident which
necessitated the amputation of his leg.
Since then fie has used intoxicants to ex
cess- and also acquired the morphine
habit. He was partly dressed when he
died and the police think death was duo
to an overdose of morphine, probably
taken unintentionally. Tho deceased was
aped 35 years and worked in a small store
on the comer of Bush and Dupont streets.
The remains were taken to the Morgue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WHOLE SECRET
Of the Iternarkable Success of a
Remedy for Indigestion and
Stomach Trouble.
A r.ew remedy which may revolutionize
the treatment of stomach troubles has
been placed before the public and bears
the endorsement of many leading physi-
cians and scientific men.
This preparation Is r.ot a wonderful dis-
covery nor yet a secret patent medicine.
neither is it claimed to cure anything ex-
cept dyspepsia, indigestion and stomach
troubles, with which n'.r.e-tenths of our
cation are more or le?s affected-
The remedy is ln the form of pleasant-
tanlr.p tablets or lozer.pes containing
vegetable and fruit essences, pure aseptic
prpsin <free from ar.Jmal Impurities).
Golden Sral and diastase. They are sold
by druggists under the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Many interesting experiments made
with these tablets show that they possess
remarkable digestive power, one grain of
the active principle ln ou© of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets being sufficient to
thoroughly ulsest ZOOO grains of lean meat,
eggs, oatmeal or similar wholesome food.
Stuart's Tablets do not act upon the
bowels like after-dinner pills and cheap
cathartics, which simply Irritate and ln-
Kame the intestines, without havlngr any
effect whate\-er in curing indigestion.
If the Etomach can be rested and as-
sisted In the work of digestion it will very
goon recover Its normal vigor, as no or-
gan Is so much abused and overworked as
the stomach. This Is the secret and the
•whole 6ecret cf the remarkable success
cf Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy
practically unknown a few years ago
and now the most popular, safest and
most widely sold of any treatment for
stomach weakness.
This success has been secured entirely
upon Its merits as a discstive. pure_and
pimple; because there can be no stomach
trouble if the food Is promptly digested.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entirely
upon the food eaten, digesting- it com-
pletely, so that It can be us^lmllated Into
blood, nerve ar.d tissue.
Every drop of blood, every bone, nerve
and tissue ln the body can be renewed
In but one way. and that la from whole-
some food properly digested. There Is no
other way, and tho Idea that a medicine
la Itself can purify the blood or supply
new tissues and strong nerves Is ridicu-
lous and on a. par with the fol-de-rol that
dyepepsia Is a. germ disease or that other
fallacy — that a weak stomach which re-
fuses to digest food can be made to do
so by irritating and inflaming the bowels
by pills and cathartics.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure dyspep-
eia, water brash, sour stomach, catarrh
of the stomach, gas and bloating after
meals, because they furnish the diges-
tive power, which is the one thing that
*eak stomachs lack, and unless that lack
Is supplied It Is useless to attempt to uj?-
clst It by the use of "tonics." "pills" end
cathartics. Tihich have absolutely no dl-
eeFtive power and do cot claim to have
tcy.
The regular use of one or two of Stu-
ert's Dyspepsia Tablet?, after meals, will
demonstrate their merit and efficiency
better than any other argument.
They are Fold by drug-gist* everywhere,
and a little booklet on cause and cure of
stomach troubles will be mailed free by
addressing P. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall.
Mich.
CHICAGO, Feb. IS.— Mrs. Mary Arndt,
In spite of her S3 years, watched a sur
geon at the County Hospital to-day ampu
tate her right leg near the hip without
giving any evidence of pain. TJie opera
tion proved successful. The method by
which the operation was performed was
of great interest to surgeons and is said
In professional circles to be a great step
in surgery in America. Dr. Samuel
Weber, a member of the advisory staff of
the hospital, had charge of the operation,
•which is said to have been the first of its
nature performed in America and the sec
ond known to modical men. the first
having been performed in Europe. Dr.-
Weber made a study of the Initial opera
tion and concluded that the method might
be employed for the amputation of lower
limbs of patients who were unable to
withstand the effects of anesthetics.
The method consists ln the deadening of
- Prejudice never recognizes Itself when It
looks tn a mirror.-- - ••
Handkerchief Elegance.
The fashionable moucholrs are again
embroidered in the corner with the coro
net or coat of arms of those who have
them and with a monogram by those who
have not. Plain linen Is the material
for morning .handkerchiefs, a narrow
hemstitching bordering them. Afternoon
ones are of a finer, thinner material, but
tliey. too; are embroidered with the her
aldic device or the monogram. Evening
ones aro of point lace or. other expensive
material, with the design in the center
when they are, lace trimmed. • •
Cash Store- is open for business. Or-
ders accompanied with cash are being
filled as carefully and promptly as
ever. Ask your friends and our
friends to send as usual. Orders -were
never more appreciated. Good bar-
gains in every line. Special prices on
overstock.
Cigarettes Cause a Fire.
Two dishwashers sleeping In the rear of
Peacock's, restaurant at 4S Fourth street
caused a small fire by smoking cigarettes
in bed while In a stupid condition from
drink, last evening. As soon as the bed
clothing became Ignited they tried to un
lock the door and were unable to find the
key. Their frantic yells awoke some
stablemen next door, who released the
dishwashers b;- breaking In the door of
their room. An alarm of fire was turned
ln and the flames were extinguished be
fore any appreciable damage was done.
M. AND MME. MULTIER
ARRESTED IN PARIS
Widow of Baron Hertol Accused of
Misappropriating Money I/eft
to Her Son.
PARIS. Feb. 19.— M. Cocheford, chief of
the detective department, has made two
arrests calculated to create a consider
able sensation ln Parisian society. Th«
arrested persons are M. and Mme. Mul
tler. who reside on the Avenue dcs
Champs Elysee. Mme. Multier was for
merly the wife of Baron Hertol. a rich
Berlin banker, who died in 1575, leaving
his fortune to his son, then 4 years of
age. The Baroness ln 1879 was married
to M. Multier. who Is a magistrate at
Lille.
The son. upon attaining his majority In
1532. demanded an accounting from his
mother, which was rendered him, but he
has since discovered that he was entitled
to receive much more.
Yesterday a detective awaited the ar
rival of M. and Mme. Multier at the Gare
dv Nord from Lille, followed them and
made the arrest at their Paris residence.
STEEL PLANT FOR MONTEREY.
American Capital to Be Invested in
the Mexican City.
CHICAGO. Feb. IS. —A special to the
Record from Monterey. Mex.. says: An
American syndicate with a capital or 510.
000.000 will Immediately begin the construc
tion of a great steel plant in this city.
The plans for the mammoth concern liav«>
been completed and tho ground purchased
for locating the several buildings. An
abundanco of high grade iron ore and coal
arc within easy shipping distance. The
plant will make a specialty of making
eteel rails, and will be the first Industry
of the kind to-be established In Mexico.
It will give employment to about 4000 men
ln the different departments when thry
are ln operation. Several American oapl
lalists In Monterey are heavy stockholder
In the enterprise. r.-.;V.<
Mediation Not Suggested.
WASHINGTON. Feb. IS.-Tha British
Embassy, upon inquiry being made 'to
night, authorized tho statement that there
was no truth whatever In the story con
tained 'n the Paris dispatches that Presi
dent McKlnley had sounded Lord Paunce
fotc. the British 'Exnba.ss.idor here, to as
certain how an offer of mediation ln the
Transvaal difficulty on the part of tha
United States would be received by Great
Britain.
Canadian Mounted Volunteers.
HALIFAX. N. S., Feb. 18.— Three hun
dred mounted volunteers for service ln '
DEATH OF FRANCIS PLYMALE.
Was One of the Leading Citizens of
Medford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEDFORD, Or., Feb. 18.— Francis M.
Plymale died here yesterday. He was
born lii Giles County, Virginia, March 17,
1833. His parents removed from Virginia
to Illinois In 1835. and from Illinois to
Rogue River Valley. Oregon, ln 1852. Mr.
Plymale took up a donation land claim
ln the heart of the valley and engaged ln
farming and buying and selling stock.
When the Southern Pacific railroad was
completed and the town of Medford es
tablished Mr. Plymale became partner In
the mercantile business of Angle & Ply
male. The partnership was dissolved a
short time since and the firm retired from
business. Mr. Plymale was a public spir
ited man and has been one of the prime
factors In Medford's growth and prosper
ity. He leaves a widow, two sons and
three daughters, well provided for. .
MAY BE WRECKED.
Fears Entertained for the. Safety of
the Ship Lennie Burrill.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Feb. IS.— Early this
morning the storm which has been report
ed along the coast reached St. Johns. So
far no marine disasters have been report
ed but fears are entertained for the
safety of the ship Lennie Burrlll, which
on Saturday was anchored off Prior Isl
and full of water. A tug that left here
on Friday to tow her up has not been
heard of since.
South Africa, tho third section of the sec
ond Canadian contingent, arrived to-day
from Toronto and Kingston and will sail
for Cape Town on Wednesday on the
steamer Milwaukee. Lieutenant Colonel
Evans goes out with this detachment and
will turn over the command at Cape Town
to Colonel Lessard. a Canadian officer on
Lord Roberts' staff.
BRAVOS' FORCES DRIVE
BACK MAYA INDIANS
Country Conquered by Mexican
Troops Possesses Great Natural
Hicb.es.
OAXACA. Mex.. Feb. 18.— General
Bravos' force of Government troops has
driven back the Maya Indians and taken
possession of several Important towns
mat were occupied by the rebels during
the week. The country occupied by the
Mayas is little known to the outside
world. Its natural riches are great. An
army officer with General Bravos" troops
writes as follows of the country:
"All this vast territory which Is now be
ing reconquered contains fabulous wealth
and an exuberant fertility of soil, which
can raise everything ln the way of ag
riculture. Its forests are extensive and
have all the precious woods. The whole
country is well watered! There Is an abun
dance of game; the singing birds, many
wlih splendid plumage, are everywhere
Deer and mountain turkey are here by
the thousands. The Yucatecos. living In
Ballge, are only waiting to see the war
ended, and they will rush for these splen
dl new fields."
RUSSIAN OIL FAVORED.
Society Organized to Fight the Amer
ican Monopoly.
BERLIN. Feb. IS.-The Mannheim So
ciety for the Protection of Trade and In
dustry has been discussing recent experi
ments with Russian and American oils,
and It Is claimed that the Russian oil Is
perfectly satisfactory. It is announced
from Belgium that a society organized to
fight the American oil monopoly will send
delegations to the United States, Russia
and Roumanla to ascertain the conditions
of direct Import.
Minneapolis Judge Dies.
IX)S ANGELES. Feb. IS.-Former Judge
William S. West, a prominent and wealthy
citizen of Minneapolis, died to-day He
camo to Los Angeles with his wife and
two daughters about a month ago to
spend the winter, but caught cold on the
train and lias been nick since his arrival
Tho deceased was about 63 years old
Miners Go to Koyokuk.
VICTORIA. It. C. Keb. IS. -The steamer
Tees arrived tills morning from Skaguay
The Tees brines news that most of those
who started from Dawson for Nome are
making a detour to the recently discoT
cred diggings on tho Koyokuk.
Archbishop Hennessy Better.
DUBUQUK, lowa. Feb. 18.— The condi
tion of Archbishop Hcnnessy to-night 13
slightly improved. His physician Dr
Slattery. said no Immediate danger of
death was apparent. :hou K h tho disease Is
such that the climax may be reached any
hour. ';^;^:-/ - ¦
Plantations Set on Fire.
FORT DE FRANCE. Island of Ma-
tinlquo, Feb. 18. T -I.,ast night threo planta
tion.*, the Bellevue, the Rossourl and the
Bagatelle, -were the scenes of incendl.irv
fires. Armed custom-houso officers hava
been sent to St. Pierre. . '¦;-.. ¦
London Publisher Dead.
LONDON, Feb. 18.— Joseph Cowen. pro
prietor of the Newcastle Chronicle . and
member of Parliament for : Newcastle
from 1573 to ISS6. died to-day.
YELLOW FEVER ON
ASIATIC PRINCE
Capt. Woodhouse Dies
During Voyage.
NEW TORK, Feb. IS.— When the Prince
line steamer Asiatic Prince arrived at
quarantine this morning from Santos.
Chief Officer Campe reported the death of
Captain YVodhouse from yellow fever. He
was burled at sea.
Captain Woddhouse was 52 years of age
and leaves a family at Liverpool. He* was
formerly the captain of one of the steam
ers of the Anchor line Mediterranean
fleet. The Asiatic Prince will b« detained
at quarantine for disinfection.
The case is just this: We make the
clothing we sell— make it in large quanti-
ties—make- it good— have entire faith in it
and back it up.
And we believe that our single and
Hnnhlp hrp/i<;tpH
v serge- suits for
Sol 1
are the best serges in San Francisco
for the money. We are ready to
demonstrate this to any one. a^
Money is refunded to any
purchaser whose expectation is
greater than his realization after
he buys the suit.
Such is the case.
DENOUNCE PORTO
RICO'S GOVERNOR
Laboring Men Complain
of His Methods.
NEW YORK. Feb. IS.-Santlago Igleslas
and Edward Conde. delegates from Porto
Rican labor organizations, were at the
meeting of the Central Federated Union
to-day. They declared that the working
men were given less liberty to organize
under the military rule of Governor-
General Davis than under Spanish rule.
General Davis, they said, recently sup
pressed a series of strikes for higher
wages by threatening punishment.
' Joseph Barondess of the Brotherhood of
Tailors denounced President McKlnley,
saying: "What will you do about It?
Pass a resolution asking McKlnley to do
right? As well ask the devil."
Resolutions were adopted requesting the
officers of the national labor organizations
to ask President McKlnley to grant all
rights of American citizenship to the
Porto Ricans.
MAFEKING IS OS THE SAME RAILROAD AS KIMBERLET AND TO THE NORTH OF IT. COLONEL BADEN-POWELL AND A SMALL BRITISH
FORCE HAVE BEEN PENNED UP IN IT SINCE THE WAR BEGAN. VERY RECENTLY THE BOER FORCE DREW OFF ITS GUNS. TAKING THEM TO
KIMBERLEY WITH A VIEW OF PRESSING THE SIEGE THERE MORE SHARPLY. THE PICTURES ARE FROM "BLACK AND WHITE" AND WERE
TAKEN IN MAFEKING BY ITS SPECIAL. CORRESPONDENT.
GERMAN PROTECTORATE
FOR BOER REPUBLIC
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— A special to the Herald from Washington says:
A report is current in diplomatic circles in this city that Dr. Leyds had
for his sole purpose in going to Germany the establishment of a German
protectorate over the Boer republic.
The German Emperor." it is believed, has been approached and asked to
take charge of the Boer: republic. The Boers, it is said, seem to realize
their defeat at the hands of England will be the ultimate result of the present
war.
Rather than submit to subjection to Great Britain they will voluntarily come
under the sovereignty of the German Empire, under certain stipulations, which
will guarantee their local self government.
It is stated here that President Kruger, realizing that the liberties of .his
people are In danger, and that the continuance of the republic is threatened, pre
fors a German Emperor rather than an English ruler. The overture to the Ger
man Emperor was made in the first place, it was reported, with a view to creat
ing a rupture between England and Germany. This, however, was avoided, as it
is understood that Emperor William declined to consider the proposition— at least
for the present. According to the report. Dr. Leyds, before leaving Berlin, pre
pared a secret treaty with Germany in which that country was guaranteed cer
tain rights. Al. hough tho text of the treaty is not known, it is said to give the
German Empire the greatest possible privileges, amounting almost to ownership,
ln the Transvaal republic.
Mrs. Mary Arndt, 83 Years of Age, Undergoes a
Remarkable Operation in the County
Hospital at Chicago.
the nerves In the limbs by the Injection
of cocaine in the vertebral cavity above
the point where the nerves controlling the
lower limbs branch from the spinal cord.
The patient had suffered a par.grenous af-
fiction of the leg and amputation became
necessary to save her life. She was not
in a condition to make the use of an an-
esthetic safe and the surgeon decided to
try the method which had proved sue-
cessful in a Berlin hospital.
The drug was injected into the patient's
t^\
gho hfid , ost a|l fcel!n& ln her lovver llmbs>
Whil«? she was fully conscious of what
was goinp on and had the full use of all
her faculties.
The limb was removed two inches be
low the hip and after the effects of the
drug had passed away the woman said
ehe felt well. The prospects for her re
covery are good.
WATCHES A SURGEON
AMPUTATE HER LEG
PHOTOGRAPHS FROM BESIEGED MAFEKING SHOWING THE DESTRUCTION WROUGHT BY BOER SHELLS.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
clothing we sell-m
Wjj[ *: ties— make- it good-
ie **ii&S*/ anC * U P*
¦¦¦S l^£jgL A* And we believ
tff#wraHi^^^^Bffityi^^Bi^^^'^^^"™Kfa^BMßßSßL tot* t* h m o r^
3The port of Llbans, on the Baltic. Is
being rapidly developed Into a naval sta
tion, at which the . Russian neet has a
better chance of getting to '. sea In the
winter time than from Kroustadt, A dry-
The local school teachers and the merchants hay»
at last settled their differences in reference to the
money due them from the city. The pedagogue 3
I ought now to move on the School Board and per :
suade it that their services are worth more in the
market than those of janitors.
The United States Senate seems to be seriously dis
turbed over financial affairs. The august body should
not harass itself unnecessarily; the disease is very
! common.
1 _ .
The belligerent and pugnacious individuals of this
city who insist upon battering one another in their
discussions of the South African war probaby con
sider that broken pates and a police-court record nrc
worthy testimonials of their sympathy in a cau«
in which they are not interested.
If the British cannot drive the Boers out of Natal
in any other way, they might fire some of the big
zrurss out of the Cabinet, and try what effect that
would have.
It is reported that Jeffries and Corbett are to meet
in May, and when they do they will smile at the fools
who have bet money on them.
CLAYTQN-BULWER TREATY.
The C*ll does net hold i:«:r responsible for
the opinion* published la this coJacsii. but
prescsts thfia for whatever vilae they nay
have as communication* of fftseral interest.
Kditor The Call: Is there anr recorded
act of an official nature on the part of
Great Britain or on the part of the United
States, or both, by which the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty was and is abrogated?
If so. then the United States Govern
ment Is not required to consult Great
Britain in the matter of the diggtnjr 0'
the projected Central American Inter
oceanic canal, neither as to its contr>l
nor as to Its being fortified.
If not. then the United States may
not honorably ignore Great Britain ia tiis
canal enterprise; and without Brita^j's
assent we could not exercise sole and ex
clusive control of that canal even thcush
It might be constructed wholly at the ex
pense and under the supervision of the
united States Government.
A3 to the right to fortify, we would
have no such ri^ht. because such n water
way fortified and garrisoned by this Gov
ernment would not be neutral. Tie ob- !
Ject of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty was to
neutralize tiiat connectlcs link aci short
AD VEBTISE2IEXT S.
Losing Flesh
indicates insufficient nourish-
ment. 111 1 leads to nervousness,
sleeplessness, general debil-
ity, and predisposes to Con-
sumption and other prevail-
ing diseases. To guard
against these take
Sccdts Smuf SiOTL
the Standard remedy for
all wasting diseases in vouna:
or old. It improves diges-
tion, gives foh, strength.
vigor and resistive power.
___««:• aa<i #1 00, all dnt<xt«t»,
<COTt & KOWNE, Otatia, lad*
AT the meeting of the San Joaquin Valley Com
mercial Association on Saturday a strong re
port v.as made on the need of better highways
in that valley and throughout the State. Indorsement
was given to the plan of constructing a State system
of highways, recommended by the State bureau, the
early construction of that portion of the system ex
tending from Redding to Bakersfield was urged, and
finally it was recommended that the construction of
good roads be made a political issue in the coming
campaign.
It is gratifying to perceive this revival of popular
interest in the good-roads movement. The subject is
one of the most important with which our rural com
munities have to deal Bad roads are about the most
expensive forms of folly in which communities can
indulge. They arc not only irritating and frequently
dangerous, but they cost about four times as much as
good roads. Statistics gathered by the Public Road,
Bureau of the Department of Agriculture at Washinz
tcn show that in the United States it costs a farmer
an average of 25 cents to haul a ton of produce for
the distance of one mi!e, while in France and in Ger
many the farmer, with clumsier vehicles and a lower
grade of horses, manages to do his hauling at an aver
age cost of but little over 6 cents a mile. The differ
ence between the cost here and the cost there is due
solely to the difference between good roads and bad
A DEMAND FOR GOOD ROADS
The CouFregatlcna! churches cf South
Carolina, cfispcsed of eolcre-i people, have
formed a Stata association.
Tb.B Fastest Train, Across ti.9 Ccs-
tir.ffnt.
Xtm Ca!!frril» I-Saltsd. s*=ta 5> Rcct*.
Cctize-mzs tr*;=s le*vt at $ p. =. Slsrixy.
We^lsesdAy. Triixy aad s*fsriay. rant
et^ilrjed train a=-i S«e« tra^-k cf a=y Us* to
tie His - T. ;i»t cJSw. CS i: i-«?t street.
dock. «T0 fee* In length. 53 fe<?t wiia and
carrying J) feet cf water over the sii*.
has Just been completed. It is fitted with
a slMi=g gate on rollers, which may be
opened cr closed in ten to fourteen min
ute*. A second dock Is In course of con
struction.
Presidest Ixsubet of the Fr«r:cs repub
lic has abolished the use of fetters in th»
navy. It has be<?n the custom heretofore
to manacle men In a row to an iron bar,
which, with the rolling cf the ship in a
heavy sea. proved a terrible punishment.
It -was also observed that I- ha^i a de
grading tr.f uence en the prisoner?, mak
ing them thoroughly callous. Other re
forms in other out-of-date punishments
are also under consideration and win be
urged v.-^>n. the Chamber of Deputies.
BUre keels are to be fitted t^> at least
three French battle-ships, namely, the
Redoutable. Formidable and a~--?*
Duperre. They were recently tried uni?r
service conditions in the at!-. — *<- g -<
found to roll so rreatly as to mai» can
nery a matter of gu*ss work. Th-r~R»
doutable was built in I?Tj and recon
structed in ISS4. the Formidable was buCt
in ISS3 and the Amlral D-cperre tv
launched in 1?75. Their cruisinj: hzs
hitherto been confined to th* i!e-":er
ranean, hence the discovery c* their r.-"
ing propensity when sub'eets-d to th*
swell of the Atlantic Ocean.
"With thirty-six letters is ti^? *^-hAi*t
and names of shi^s as lc-c as & b,-^2f
ward-bound per.ra-.:, it wocli s#*ra ** 15
the Russian navy tu so:ss-«rii*£ >«-.»«
capped It is trae that P*t*r ti* i>t*i.
the rather of the Russiaa u*ry. *«Sctc<s3
the i^atical vocabulary Of HcU&sJ fcT
ship term3 In hi* c*w tatx. t^t t?j«*
have been great ch.1r.yf3 *tnc>* FVt*r"»
ti=e. and Dutch terras h*v* 5>?*s R-c«a^>
2ed. Take, for exa=?>. th* r.*rs<« cr
three annored shi»«— I>rer.jui«j Arv-«*t,>
lofT, Gecrgie Pcbiedcnc^eta ar.i :h? Utfst.
not yet launched, namevl KrJats EMaekSa
Taviicheski — a^;d it does ap-^vxr ** t;
unnecessary preat nu=ab«r» cr Vtt*r» »r#
wasted la naming of sh!;». which, like
wise extends to pans of the bull, easiaea
and ordnance.
Six torpedo-boat dJstroyers. built fcr
Japan by Yarrow, Eneland. have been
completed and delivered within the past
eighteen month 3 and have cone up folly
to the requirements. The boats are Iden
tical as to hull and machinery: they are
2?) feet In length. 20^i feet beam and dis
place 25i) tons on a draught aft of S feet.
The engines, calculated to de-elc-p 6XO
horsepower, have averaged nearly 7300.
and the guaranteed speed of 21 knots
during a continuous run of thre^e hours
has been exceeded, as will be seen from
the following results: Ikadsuchi SL32
knots, Inadsuma 3LC37, Akebono 31.CS,
Sazanaml SLSi;. Oboro 31.252 and Nijl SLli
The latter boat made six runs over the
measured mile course on December S
last, giving an average speed of Sl'ri
knots, the best run. No. 6, being at the
rate of 33.707 knots, and the slowest. No.
3. bein? 2S.JS3 knots. The boat, however^
was flying lJeht. drawing 7 feet 10 Inches
aft and 4 feet 11 Inches forward. The
armament of these boats is one 12
pounder, five 6-pounders and two torpedo
tubes. Schlchaw at ElbUe? and Thorney
croft. England, are likewise supplying a
number of boats of about the same -size
to Japan.
F»r»c=adiy Ccnd^cted Zxsx^sids
*:*+?£=£ c*r» v^» s*=ta Fe IVnt*. Ex^pr««sc*i
*xrcr*t*a •SOfiactCCS m^cs^xry tie»» *xrar-
«<i=s U loci aT:«r Qm wellfir* ef :*t«?f»r».
T> Ct.i;*«3 *'•* Kurasaa Ctty »t»..» S^aday.
?T«rj Susixy. Tr St. ra=.: rrrry S^uUy as 4
CLOVERDALE'S citrus fair has now become
one of the features of cur midwinter life. It
combines in a happy way the double good of
business and pleasure. It serves the orchardists, the
naerchanti, the real estate dealers aa/i the capitalists
cf the county as an opporturuty to make known the
excellent industrial and commercial conditions of all
the country around Cloverdale. and it also gives to
fair women and gallant men an occasion for a festival
week of such delight as to make February as joyous
From the beginning the fair and the festival have
improved with each succeeding year, and it is not
surprising to learn that arrangements have been made
this season to eclipse all previous efforts. At each
exposition there is some novelty in the way of artistic
display that attracts attention and excites emulation,
and as a consequence the taste and the talent of the ex
hibitors for that kind of accomplishment have been
developed to a point where they achieve results that
merit to be ranked 2s works of genuine art. Clover
dale's show is therefore a thing of beauty as well as
a fruit f2:r, and is well worth all the money and the
trouble it costs to go to see it.
In a certain way all California profits by the enter
prise and the skill of the Cloverdale people in mak
ing their midwinter fair one of such notable excel
lence. When, in the midst of the blizzards and snow
storms that rage around them at this season of the
year, the Eastern people read even short dispatches
announcing the fair, they get new ideas of California
and new longings to spend a winter in the land where
the orange is ripe and the rose in bloom and people
can frolic in the open air in February. As this and
ether similar fairs and festivals are thui of a general
benefit, there should be a general liberality in sup
porting them. During this week there will be a wel
come for everybody at Cloverdale and throughout
Sonoma County, and it is safe to say that none who
accepts it in the right spirit will come away without a
resolve to return again when the fair of next year is
arranged to surpass the glory of this.
fill— ¦ - j^-~*.» 1.-m »i*i«^»i?. V*—^^.
PROFESSOR PLEHN of the University of Cali
fornia has received from the assistant director
ci the Philadelphia Commercial iiuseuna a let
ter which virtually assures the co-operstion o-£ that ia
stitiiiica ia the enterprise now twicer consideration of
establishing a commercial mn\>euni in ban rraa
clsco. The letter opens with tie declarsiion: "The
value of co-operation between the two institntroas is
certzin, considering the fact that we have expended
over $1,000,000 in reaching the point we have now at
tained; and. viewing the further fact that by means
of our correspondents, and through czr own otncials,
sent out to various parts of the world, we have built
up a chain of communication whose links cover prac
tically every country, the value to you cf free access
to this fount of information need not be dwelt upon."
In all that there is nothing to dispute or object to.
Co-operation should certainly be the policy of the
promoters of the Pacific Commercial Museum, but
I it should be co-operation oa equal terras, aad care
should be taken not to let it carry our enterprise into
a position that would make an institution oa this
; coast appear as a branch of the Eastern institution,
: and not an independent and comprehensive museum
; of itself.
There is danger that the Philade!phia directors
irotxld like to place the Pacific nnxsemn in that de
pendent position. For example, the letter under con
sideration says: "Our experience teaches us that
there is work enough to be done in the Orient alone
to engage to its fullest the activities of any institution
working zlong similar lines. Considering the geo
graphical position of San Francisco, the compara
tively easy communication between it and the Orient,
srd the natural commercial opportunities which could
be expected to arise if not -already existing between
the Pacific Coast and the Orient, it would seem that
the establishment of a commercial museum in San
Francisco which should have for its sole task the de
velopment of our trade with the Orient would be par
ticularly fitting and valuable. Our merchants, who
now enjoy 7 per cent of the rapidly increasing and
enormously valuable Chinese trade, are greatly in need
of accurate and frequent information regarding the
opportunities and changing commercial conditions of
China and the Orient generally. A commercial mv-
seurn in San Francisco in providing this information
could perform a work the value of which could not
be reckoned in dollars and cents, and in comparison
i with which any sums contributed for its support by
S citizens of city or State would be insignificant, no
j matter how great."
The point to be noted in that statement is the sug
{ gestion that the Pacific Coast museum should have
! for its "sole task" the development of our trade with
the Orient. In the very nature of things the museum
on this coast would devote its energies mainly to
i the expanding trade of China and other Asiatic
countries, but it is certain if it undertake nothing
more it will be an incomplete museum, one with a
limited scope of activity, and therefore dependent
J upon the all-comprehending museum at Philadelphia
1 for a large portion of its usefulness.
Clearly it would be a serious mistake if the pro
moters of the enterprise on this coast accept the sug
gestion of the Philadelphians. In the first place the
oriental trade, however large it may be, will fall far
short of being the whole of our commerce. We have
a large and increasing trade with Australia and with
South America. We have no inconsiderable trade
with Europe, and when the Nicaragua canal is
opened that trade, will rapidly advance, extend and
increase. A Pacific Coast museum must be planned
on a scale commensurate with the needs of Pacific
Coast commerce, and will therefore have to take the
whole world for its field, even as does the museum
in Philadelphia.
What we wish of Philadelphia is co-operation, and
for the sake of that we should concede much and
show a willingness to work in harmony with the mu
seum there, but, valuable as that co-operation may
be, it will not pay us to sacrifice independence for it.
It will be better in the long run to begin by stand
ing alone than to compromise ourselves by setting
out as a branch of another institution. By and by we
shall have a just right to ask and expect Federal aid
similar to that given to Philadelphia, and when that
time comes "we should be able to go before Con-
gress with claims based upon our own merits. To
put the matter in a single phrase: Co-operation we
wish, but independence we must have.
Prtss C2£rp^r B».rji-a (A2rs*f >. 2a i£;-:-
pc=:ery *tr*«t. Tc-frirx* \!^.* V*2. •
Cal. &xst fruit 5Tc 7* r S> *t Trw^sesfs.*
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Br -»•» Tc^it Asct^n Cs.— ~-z**£jlj. T+t-r-zxrr 3. at 11
c -. -'«, r^.Tvms^fix r=rJ.il«*. t-t S.H Viutlir.'- nrt*v
By ?E"s. G. Ijltz*— T-e*l*.y rryrrtr.c T**jn try T*. H I
¦ *:. r*-.* ar.rr*-t. s.; TX K'fwxri st.
Gorman's statement that h* is s::"I opposed to
Eryaa may be accepted as ecniva!ent to a declaration
that the ex-Senatcr is contest to stay out 01 Demo
cratic politics as well as out of the Senate. ;
This is the d^'.lest Preiidential election year ia ot:r
hhtcry. Tcere i; nothing to be done in it except to
bury Bryar.ism, and everybody seems agreed to treat
the funeral with due solemnity.
AUCTIOS SATFS
:*;:r-.rr-» — — i'.*lK> Z* Wis^T
* •> t --~»-.->«>j».ji- <^i.t Oxz**z Pv^t-.-**
Ct=r**» Zoo tzji Ti«e4i*r— Vj^ijrrO er«T «^t«r=«s<c=. »=i
SANTA ROSA RZIPITBLICAN.
In removize Police Ccmmissicucr Bi??j- frcm ofSce itsycr Phelan cf 5-»i
Francisco has r^ea his r«ascr.s fcr sc dctzg. Hr. Blgry has m^ie reply. Both
statements have been published- Re-id-ra cf the*e siatemeuta wili t-e ilke-y to
reach the conclusion that the Mayer of the Me city is not a political anreL
Ostensibly Mr. Bi??y was removed for divulging a portion cf the proc*-dir^3
cf an ei*cutive se««Ion of the commission cf which he was a memt-er. Th*r* is
failure to make a rood case := this matter. The thiz? reveale-i wa* r-?r»:.r:a. ro
Mr. Birry. and the corrupt Examin-rr was tryin? to place him in a fi>* Bzfcl m r^
?ard to \h~ <as» He requested the other Commissicr.ers to re^aa-e him frsa the
ir.;--^ctic= cf secrec- != order that hi mi?ht defend hims«:f. Two cf them tt
l;n?e-i :o Phelas arid Lawrer.r* s-^» '5 — ':=.e<2 to grant his r*QU^*t. In cenAUj* o.
their W.H he g^ve his statement to the » tbUc and fully vindicated himse-f tn do.n?
so * • •
' That Mr. Bir?y proved intractable as a Police Commissioner i« In
After the isrestismttoa of Esola he reius^d to support him for Chief of POttee, It
was then tha.l Bis?y <iec'.:=e>l to take crder* from Ph«3ai: a^d Lawrence. But 3-.
most €veryc.Ddy was wi:h K??t In this action cs his pu.rt- The investigation .a3
proved th* unftne&s cf Escla for th<» imp-ortart cmce fcr which h= hai t-ex- s_a:;l
and he has been finally dropped In con-ecuence.
Noboiy question* the rood character of Mr. B!?rr. He 1« not a« rich as Mr.
Phelan. but he has ranked wiih him in integrity and honesty of purp-os*. No* i.»
siand= ereatly his superior is th**e respects. Sac Fraccisco's new charter civea
the Mayor of that city great power as a political bc?s. His treatment cf S:z^r.:s
outrageous. It must lower him greatly in the esteem cf all ri?ht thir-sirg^ people
THE WASP
Marcr Phe'an has aston!«=»«3 the town br r»=2trr!=? Police Ccs=mi»sJo=»r
Eir?y from ca«. Even tne Mayors e=*mies coeceded that he was a shrewd
pwMi; ta: his removal cf Birry places him ts the category cf the purblind. No
man with a grain cf shrewi=«s would ever make such a bad move. iM only
thin? that could be charged against Blg-gy was that he refused to vote tot Escla
whta thai over-ambitious youth sought trouble for himself by aspirirLs to t-s
Chief of Police. Every thinking man In San Francisco commended Bi?sry fcr
his bold stand azsinst the Escla plot. Every thirXlrg man In Sa= Francisco has
concealed Mayor Ph*:an for his tyrannical anS cutrare:t:s conduct i= rtntovlnff
B'rgy for doir? hjs duty like an houest man. "His Honor" his revealed his tru*
charac^r far tscr«» oflectually than his enzznies tave been ahle to expc*e- It. and
he «tand« confes«-?d jls a little. Mrrow-ra^^e poiitidan of a very fc>ad strip*.
w"fco«* prediction Is for creatures that will do his dirty wcrSc ot-«-l:ent:y. H»
ccbtless t v Jr.is that tee people wtu socu forset the BJery incident an-i that his
d-noa?cric appeals to the mass** wiU keep him in h!?h favor. Ir. this fe» Is w>e
fuHy mTstaken. He will find that h» has alienated all c'.ass*s. The R-ep-blicana
who s'jp-->n«J him at the last election and put him in cfSce ar* now heartily sick
cf their -acor*. and when he next come* before the t^<>7-^ =« win have to de
pend on hi 3 party vote. But his party w?U have nothing to do with him. f?r h«
hns al:»nate4 all the active Democrats whose inSuenc* Is worth havi-z-. He
ha« «urround*4 hinself by men who can cd rothin? for him politically, and even
wftiMOt the Bl?-?y incidect he was foredoomed to a sp^-dy ec'.lps*. K:s lat»<t
exploit has completely snuffed out th» nickerir:? rush^i: of his pcp^larity. A«
'a- as practical politics are concerrsed. he !« a thl=?r cf the past. airea,2y ra-^m
nufied. and cuaUred with the shades of Bess Buckley and h:s pr-histcric pr*de
c«s«or« who ran tfc* town when the "water came up to Mo=T?om»ry street."
The wave of ob'Jvlon that perpetually threatens plnheaded politicians, who prize
self-interest above prindp'.e. 13 bezir.nir.ir to roll over him. Before ion? hi* name
will be as unfamEiar to cewspaper readers as hiiherto It ha* been omr^present.
rROM the i£issSoa Feceradca cs la^ptrwrerarcx
Cnrbs and frcm the Centrzi Orb cf all cvic
txp-encinres by shtnzin; c 5 a 2 street lighrs caring
the feer ccsda "cf Mxrci, Apdi, l£aj zzl jzzt. Tne
besiies from which the protests cent are rrm-cienrlT
large to b« representative cf the w'nole pope, and h
* tl] t-e well fcr the Srp*s~rij~rs to tear that fzet ia
The irission receration has contented itself with
reschnions cttlinnz' *"an en:p"~2.Ti* p*rocest asarnrt
th* "mm*-* datic*-" 1 " '"f ***^ finance Ccntntittee and a
ftcted by the Sn-^rviK>rs. The Central Club rtsola
t:cni treat the is;ze mere fzi}v, and assert that the
troposid artier: **wou!d be a menace to the lives,
property and Eifcty cf the citizens, and a disgrace to
the ciry." That assertion is ncne zoo strong when all
the farts of the situation are taken into consideration.
Unlfshred streets ancrd such opportunities tc the
criminal class .cf large cities as to constitute a real
CLr.rer to all who ro abroad at nirht; and ia this are
c: the world a city cf the sire of San Francisco vbose
ftrtetj are "eft zn'ighted for fonr months Is certain to
it ?iven a bad repnte by erery traveler who visits it-
It is now clear that the ?h*!in reformer;, with
their loci promises cf economy, have brenzht abort
a very bad condition cf affairs. It is going to cost
mere to govern tne i:;» cn^er new c— t. » —^~
ender the old C-Dnso-lidatios Act. The reform Assessor
has p<rt«ved the fart, and in his desire to save the
cay for his party h2« concocted a plan to raise the
assessments of property to the enormous extent c:
Srocxcccoa. Mtmidpal expenditure* are large, anc
the money zrzZib'.t in the city treasury is rapidly
diminishing- There must be economy somewhere.
«nd the red-ction of expense nrrst be drastic That
m-ch is recognized by ill wto have the snbject
any ccnsicerztioa at all Keverthele** there stands
a *id-t£c.rei.d zz.'i earr.en op-position to the proposed
plan cf savin? meney by leaving the city in darkness
Upon the Supervisors devolves the task cf extricat
ing the rntmicipality from the wretched conditions
to which it has been brought by R-elasiss. The
ta«k is a difficult cne. and the :n:e^;^ence o: the peo
ple fnlly recognize the fact. There will be no tend
ency toward c=;ust criticism ci the Supervisors in
their efforts to get through the year as best they can.
The Supervisor?, however, must be careful to comtn-r
r.o blenders ia their work, and to shut off the street
•:ghts in 2"! p^r.; cf the city fcr months at a time
would be a blunder of the worst kind. Oa that point
the whole community is virtually agreed. The Mis
sion Federation aad the Centra! Cab cf Civic Orgaa
:7-.::or.s speak for the cemmnniry and speak the sea
trntents cf s..i when they pretest against darkness and
declare it won.d be a menace to lire 2nd property and
z dizgrzze to the cirv.
irtre hire b«s cbjectiors here or tiert to this or
tixt ftitrre c: ii, isd escrt« =ids in $-ev«ra! ccsnti~3
; to «=uer rpon week slcne tie Hnes c: the system: hive
faiSec. It is probable, bewrrtr, ihst the £ti-'=re was
c=e hsz*jj to the £*ct thsr the enterprises were escer
i tiken zz a. tine when ihe Stats was «r=eric? troca *
pre^enred crenrht the tsr=:ers a=d crchirdifts
were 2Ters» :o vt^rzrizc rpoz »sy kird cf expesdi-.
rr; w^hsreTer. If ideqnsie Itgi«lsdon 02 the s-b^ect
ca= be i^iined £rc=i the next Legis!sr=rr. a=d re
cexed esort< in direcdo^ cf highway i-:?rove
=tr. be then =*ie, ir is probable that, i= the prosp^rr
ctis cendiuon cf people, they will be fossd ready
ard carer to srppon. thsta.
The Saa Jcaq-=£n Va2ey Co=^=er=3l Ajsodadoa
zzcczz.pzz.it~ ics reccmriends^icn t^^* s-ch iez*si£iion
b- hid is tt2l reader possible the cozsrrzzd^z. o: a
Szzzz hirhway free: Redcirg tc Bzktrsfeld sjiti th?
ftxtenent that it codd be constructed more eaiSy xnd
=ore cheaply than zsrr ether pcruo'n of the htats
cjrtcm. ard world frrnish aa object le^soa ia co<x2
' roads to the Isrsrest stcbir of peop'e. The ar srument
t« eooi. bsr ir is not rzzzdrzz to the issue. There
shctrld be so preference given to a=y portion c: the
Staj:* ta this rtsp-ect, -o rnarter ho"ar valid mirh: be
:i» elzizzs for preference. The construction of zooi
I roads rrcit be =adr to depend cpon the residents of
the 'ocilities thai will profit by ihers. and its.te ai-u
should be dependent upon s<!f-he!p- Whatever counrv
sorted £m aad worked con indzsrricus^y for gooi
reads should ret then: ftrst.
The ?V^t the i^^ne be made ore of poe
tics is gcKxi. Every legislator should be pledged :d
support -5-e'l-devised legis^tion ia the direction cf
road improvement. California is rich, but not r:ch
enourh to i^-pon hzd roads: and, moreover, with our
srperb horses and osr climite that make an orting
p!ea?ant almost every day in the year and bicycling
enjoyable at 2-1 seasons, there will be p*.e:Lsure as we!]
as profit ia good c~es.
STAGE DISOUIEES— J. H. X-. Oai^:^,
CaL Any c«st-=:er can fcsrslsi 7>- Gu
cc-an:<t^-j*s and paint 3 thai sr« r*-;--:.-*:
far a cii»-p cf fa^c^ irta r^*.
NO LJCE:.SE^— L- O. G.. Siimn:*---
Cal. The t^»i=fas r=«n*Jcn«-2 ;.--:.
ccntmunJcarion !» net iie»n*«i Is 5i -
Fra=ct*co. Ncr in any ctn*r pert..- .'
PATTI AND MELBA-H J- A,. C -
Adeiina. Maria Ooriria PattJ. ;-- a
d:r.r. i. tu t<crr: in Madrid, gpa.r. IT «.-:.•»
a. 1:C Ne:.:e Melts, scmao. w^»
In Melbcume. A.i3trs.::a. itay I>. i*--
FRILE PUBI-IC L.TEHAP.T— A. O. = ,
City. A "y:^? -a-T with cnlx * '-^.i. nia
schc-ol education" w^uli nst r^in-i i^r,
z: :-i shiw :-• s>-<rur* a pcsitJos in th* Fr--
PuhUe Lllrary cf Han Francisco. a.» •.-.
candidates hiv* to un-i'rgr a c;vi: = -
»xa-iinarian that tax** th*ir 3tncTr-.»^si
cf English literature to a very grrea.: li
test.
PREHITM RAXX-tW. "VST. L^. B*r£»-
ley. CsJL The c— j" iilf di— ats C- ti;
are tic?* ccire-i to >"«» Or:»3.=s
•»i^rh hare tie =1=: nari "O* t'-rar»*r:
.^-^ T--ST i-i the- iits. Tics* wbo ir*
:>-ii=y for srxii * eot= sio&Ui aot iristaJc?
tie litt> clr=!- tiai loops ti^<lra.^--7 w
tie Ne-ar *jr.*s^s isrze W^L b- r:^=^!^
bv collectors it a^. a-ivinr* cZ fc* >.
to S2i SI
BORN IN FRANCE— S^::= r. City. If
ycu w*r* t'zrz Iz. Fra.-ce. ca=a t5 th_*
country el=ver: years a_?" *~^ h-eci=e *
;::n^r. of the U~-.r-i_S'-^?9. _aT*
t* e ex?=:p"f S frcTn that iu*-y*"ty reii;= :f
havl-5 t^»cc=:» a -:tixe= c* the vii:*;
S:at=-3. The United States i;-es ret pr^~
t<=-ct cne cf its narural!xs-d t.'.'JZaz-% w-;
c-!c»s a= ct'ltrsU;^ ta •-^.* ;;^=.ir7 fr;=
wiich he ca— ».
SAN FRANCISCO STAP-. „.—-. «--'es
Maror Phelaa made a grave mistake. c=e zi the prav«t cf h.s ««r*^**o*
cf in-xeusaMe tiunders. In sammarOy removing it- Bissy irc= t f2J£zZL£Z
Pciice Commissicner. It was an act of pure despotiam, sv.z~ a= v "T-«-"c"-'
edi dawn an avalanche cf puiiic wrath c?cn the tmperiaiism c> .t~- - *JlJr~Z m
ter. Nj free people caa Ioil? tolerate such despotic power and hope w ?re*erv=
Wtj^w^BSery removed frem ofic*? TThat was tb* -cause" for whichhe
w removed? Slmpiy fpr exercising nis le«l rUht to J«*?!5^&?2SdSS
grac* az-i ir^ury and to protect his own reputauon a?aipt s i a_-er a..c —^ .^v
grwWtfon. Nine-tenths of the p-cpie of San Francisco beiieve t^a. i.r. fa-^ *
.elf-sacriScin? Httztotte* honesty and fidelity to the real wbrtWW.C^Mgg;
lie trust saved them and their city from a pnsat ca!*mitr and rncrai p«t^*n«
wnicn a few bold conspirators had de»!cn&2 to brin* about for the:- •" jl~3
Just as thieves often become inceniiarie* !n order "have tie cppo..-_.y^
loctin? the turning buildings. The pctilc i^Jng is that Mr. B.rp -2* &*»
punished and persecuted by Mavcr Phelan not fcr dereiictlca o. JS^^^^S
devotion to duty, and at their £rst opportunity they wU sure-.y res^n. t-.e —,--
Phelan's aH*sred "caus*s~ for the removal cf BI?ry are all either rnani
festiy fals* cr manifestly puerile, and do not even mitigate his cftenaes asa—st
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
ta.T^=.<±T.Z is always trlZZzz Vi eill?». ir;:
it win not a<srertl»* th* i^«i=«sa '-? a-
cne. -¦_
CAUSTIC PRESS COMMENT ON
THE PERVERSITY OF PHELAN
ARROYO GR-003E ORACLE.
The C*n !s to be e^?r*t^*ted ejea Its £*ht ayamst -^-^ May^r
EsoU. the Enstort caudate, f *r Ciief cf PoLI« of JSgggggtgS.
Pieii= wd i«*r=. as h** Dan Bums, that The Call Is * -*-<* ~3-*e. w-ea i-..-*
crts cf th* recri* cr CaUltoruia are %t <?taie-
Hew are the -i^ty f*Il«! Another Democratic fc Pf^" ;^ 25522*3
U» esd cf his pu^c career. Mayor Phelan fc« tumileJ from W™V£
fc* o«ru-«i *t tie Gam cf tis election for ti* third time SSSSSrSSSS
ta Nonabcr last. His atte=pt to tof«i?* f »?P^^^ °iUlJ££<X hftittSiS
cc=p£lasc* wiiis his contract with the Ex*mi=er fflbNt "f^yggE??! ¦ml 1 iiun
ad=^r*. Kls removal cf W. J. B;cry frcm the Be-ard
Is aactiier act In the pcOltical fare* new fcx-ir^r enacted in ta- tia-s^w.
*nd cenciuiiu* *ct should witness tie retirement c- i'-e.a —
czt dZ feetwees it£ ty^y.n^j wi.er.e-r*?
ti* CiiW>o-&=r«er creasy, Z* Jlz* U:-.
ts <"*zlA* Xrr T+*JL--r2 tst t^rims £**3 stUrr^
Cs«= tti Kiy-Pa=^'^ dreary -*** i~{
be ratiie-1 It cJs.7 tA zrzxzjt*A cr :t n*y
It tb» C2*Ttoo-BuJw*r treaty i» 7*r. \-.
i=ter=2.tic=Ji2 c-^'jtrr- M2y fcrrewt-*: y.:-!
::r» z^A 's^rrr tr, t :=.--. tiwr: t=^ E^t-
Piurref-:* treaty tzerZA b« ra^Lei >j
dr^w2.
zzaA*. JOH:.-AU2R2T JOKE 3.
IThe system of highways devised by the State bu
reau has in a gener?! way received popular approval.
"Mrs. Wi^Lslo-vr's Soothing Syrnp^
Has l«*a u»*v! fcr ifty yf*.m *t n!!:us» :t
metiers f^r their chl!irea wills T>*tiir:* wit"!
j-erfect »a«r*ss. It »»ii<» ti* cliilA »ort#c»
tie F"-=*. aH*y» p*t=, csres vv.-a Cclic reya-
ijLln tli* Bowfii asd Is ti« b*-»t jvtsfriT fcr
Diarrhoeas. wt*t?:sr i-".j: = c frcsa t*ttilur or
ether causes. F;r »> by drsrCsta Is *r*ry
part of the wcrii Be «sr» *ad asic fw 3£rs.
"Wtsalc-w'» Soctiin* £jrsp» SSc a &ctrl*s
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The armor plate plants at Sheffleld are
kept busy supplying armor for nine bat
tle-ships and four armored cruisers, be
sides filling large orders for shells.
The ancient Achilles, the oldest iron
clad on the active list of the British navy.
Is to be stripped and dismantled. The
vessel was built in lsH at a cost of
J2.i=7.730.
The law regulating the promotion of
offlcers in the French navy has been
somewhat modified. The committee
which selects officers for promotion 13
hereafter to concede to the 31Inlster of
Marine one-fifth 'of the number recom
mended by the latter for promotion.
The Japanese battle-ship Bhikishima,
just completed in England, has electric
ammunition hoists to every sun, and like
wise inside the masts for serving the
military fighting tops. To every hoi3t is
fitted a large flywheel with a handle, bo
that manual labor may be used In the
event of accident to the electric contriv
ance.
The Russian coast defense General
Apraxlne. which went ashore on the Isl
and of Gothland, near Sweden, about two
months ago.was floated some weeks later.
11l luck fol!ow3 this vessel apparently, for
soon after she was carried on the rocks
again by floating Ice and had a hole
stove in her bottom.
In ISSI Canada made th<- Proposition to
the British Admirality to supply the navy
with nickel ore from the extensive mines
in the province of Ontario. The conserva
tism of the Admiralty prevented the
adoption then of nickel for armor plate
and other purposes, bu^t now that the
Dominion Government has repeated Its
offer the proposition is likely !to be ac
cepted.
THE CLOVERDALE FAIR.
t >ti in .TT~t, . : . z - r r*r..r. "zsfzit?^. » lz~* s^i*r^-
ti;# f?*t. is rull it ti» ">rTrr-^i. Ti;* t^.z
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
"STiil S. Green of the Ccftisa Sun Is at
the Grand.
T. C. Shlsn Is registered at the Palace
from Sacramento.
D. S. Mitchell, a Chicago mining ex
pert, is a guest at the Grand.
E. D. Carver, a lea4lss iruit man and
rancher of Fre»uo. is at the Lick.
M. Walsh, a popular bonlface of Santa.
Cruz, is a guest at tie California-
William F. Knox Jr., a wealthy lumber
man of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
C. R. Scott, a popular railroad man of
Portland, Or., is a &ie*t at tie Occi
dental. ;•:.';¦
T. M. Schumacher is registered at he
Palace, where he arrived yesterday from
Chicago.
Demnan Thompson ("Joshua "Whit
coxnb") i* at the Palace, acconiparied by
his wife.
T. E. Connolly, a prominent attorney oZ
Stockton, is arsons tie recent arrivals at
the Lick.
H. B. Wood, a wealth? Ban Jose busi
ness mac. is registered for a short stay at
tie Palace.
XT. G. Irwin. a Honolulu capJtanst.
has left the city on a short pleasure trip
to San Dieso.
E. J. Louis, a trustee of the Normal
School at Los Anseles, is one or the late
arrivals at the Palace.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Tfconia3 Fox have corn
down from their home in Sacramento.
They are at the Lick.
jj_ 3j C F. r>oble. a prominent land own
er oi VJsalia, is a ruest at the Palace,
where he arrived last night.
"Rigors" Nathan left last nJffht for
Washington. D. C. where he will assume
a responsible position In the Government
Printing Offlce.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels and
the Mi;s«9 Grace and Llllle- Spreckels
have left for Coronado on a short pleas
"^heOJissea Hartwell of Honolulu are at
the Occidental, where they arrived last
evening on their way back to the islands
after an extended visit In the East.
BUSINESS APPARENTLY ENLARGING
TK- s'.:?ht :=:prove=:ei:t is trciizeis ncrted a
vcek i.go'w£i more pr^ncurced last seek, and
Frsread cf i Icij the ta.^k clcar^r.gi of the coca
;-.• Ebc red £ gain c: c 6 per cert, the £rst increase in
--.I -A'tK*. In addition three large cities only
exhibited a locs — P:tt.*!>ur;?, which fell off 35.7 per
etc:; r^fti—ore, £.4 per cent, and Orzaha, :0.2 per
cm. The rtgt&uixj with which this latter place has
EzEea cfr in rslumt of bessets during the past- year
:• surprising.
2zt. irrrrjir.? the cc~ntry at Izrge, it is difncrlt
lc taj there th:« ga:n In bctmcts, &5 ibown t^r the
La-i: c:ea.ri=!?s, con;es :n. The distribrtive trade has
beer: -r.«aifiiacrcry for weeks, c*':r:sr to th» cper; win
ter, which his asterizDj Esterfered with si'es of win
ter goods. Se-.eral of the great «upl« acd their
rr:i.r.t;factt:rcd products, ssch as woe! and woolen
. . bides ir/i leather, boots and shoes, iron, etc..
art quieter than for sorr.e time, with weaker prices.
Kew orders for ai! sorts of man-fief-res are sot
lar^t. ar.d mo'.t of the factories are rznn£::{? on orders
taken ia i^?!>>- In".port2j:t branche« of business are
ha-pered by iibcr trodbla here zzi there, ciptciai'y
it Chicago, where the strike in the bmMisg trades
airects larre ar.^ v.:itipread interests; in New £-?
hr.-: rain* zr.d soods have «er:cr«!T interfered w:th
; cccrzl trade, and the commercial izi'.zrti throughout
the country shew an ir.cre2.se. being 2:8 for the xeek,
zsczir.vi 17? for the s-arne -**<:< ia 1899. And yet the
cltirings of the country, which are cemmonfy ac
cepted ai the best indication of the condition of
trade, ihow a better volume of b-Jt:r*e«s than at this
time lan year and an increasing volume from week
to week. It is 2 rather b*:r.d proposition.
In C*!:fcrr.ia conditions show little change from
week to week. We hare had comparatively good
weather ever since the incoming cf the year, and it
fci« been a great boon to the farmers of the upper and
nojt popdocs half of the State, who have been ab!e
to work their fields and orchards. But the southern
half is complaining cf lack of rain, which is beginning
to be vrrioui in some locante;.
The feature of farm operation this year is the gen
era' plarning of new vineyards an* orchards. The
good prices for fruit and grapes during the past year
or t*o have turned general attention to this industry,
aad men who sereral years ago were skeptical re
garding: the profits of fruit growing are now emhu«i
astic planter*. They may be discouraged destroyers
cf their own work several years hence, for there is
rcch a. thing as overdoing a business, and the fruit
trade is subject to vicissitudes, like everything else in
thit encertain world, and the most enthusiastic are
Business ia general merchandise is good. Almost
all products of the farm are bringing fair prices ex
cept wheat and hay, and these two important products
obstinately ref«§e to advance. Wholesalers generally
report trade more active than usual at this time of
the year, though two or three large failures within the
pen fortmg&t indicate that the good times, whi!? bene
fiting the va«t majority, occasionally skip a man here
acd there. Eut on the whole the State is flourishing
bryond the general expectation two or three years
afro. Funds are in ample japply, collectioni are up
to the average, and there is a steady demand for
goods, both for local and export account. Coin
plainfs among merchants 2re remarkably few. and
rno«t business men report trade as good as could be
wished.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
hfo^DAY FEBRUARY i',, iyo
Tli^Tx. Or—rw eatars j=^ & L£tXi. W^'r
FtOLICATIOS orno:..M*rkrt ¦»« Tklrd. ». F.
T'i-*"«c»- Halm X.SCS.
L'tII7OBUL BOOMI 3T17 t« SM ilerew^ *«-
Tele»b«B- Baia XAT*.
D«-Ilrer*« fcr r*rrl»r«. IS C«?»t« Per TS>«fc-
T«-rrr.« fcr Wall- laelsdias Po«t*jret
n*lL* f*LL tfarlsdlßK •¦¦d«r». •*»' re»f..l*-'W
DdLI CALL itßdadfar *«»Cay». O nonth>. . f*»
t»HLV CALL «i»el«dl»r S«»<*7». 2 Beatbi.. 1-S"
DAILY CALL — Bf Slar!* Meßlk €5«
» ¦w * 1 CALL O»« Ve»r \-J>
KXCKLT CALL O»e *>»r *-*>°
All »«.«rm*»t«« ar* a«tb©ri**4 t» re«el»e
f = = >:•¦ ccpiM will be forwarded vrfcea r«««e«ted
OAKJUAJTJJ OmCE -11X% Bf»»4wtr
C. CEOPXi: KROGTEi!.
rr*a*C»r Forelo Adv*-rtJ»i*s. M«M««t» B»iJd
. lay. Cklcrsfo.
STETST IORK COEEE«PO\DE!fTi
C. C CAE.LTG* Her*id S««*r«
CHICAGO SEtt! ITAXDIi
«t»rst» K»o**: P. ©- sfiri O«.s Cr*«t *«rti
«rm ZiateJ; frtseat H»a«e: AsdJtorlu* Hotel.
SETtt' TOBK JEW! STA3TDSI
Wa.l£*rf-A>torl* Batel; A. Br«iUa». 31 Ciloa
f«ur<i Ktrr*/ iiliJ UsteL
SEW TORE aEPEE*E^TtTIVEi
PEanT LIKL.M JB 23 TrtbMe Balldlav
UAiEU.ICTOI <T>. C> OFTKX. - W«Tllc*tw» Hotel
J. F. ESCLISH. C«rre«p««deMt-
ERA'kr-H OFT*ICE«— C2T Moatroa'rr. t«lB»r ol
Clay. *p«-m ¦¦HI i»-"V> •'rlork. ."V-'» Hmye«.
c; m SBtll '-• -> »'elMk. €K» Mf Ul:«t»f. ej»l
cr.Ml :<^< •*el«cV. eis Larkls. wpea cntll
b^V> c tlo'i.. 1&41 Mi»«lon. open ;atll 1O
•'clock. riCl Market. r««»f Slxt*«-»tk. oj*b
cmtll * arloek. IOM Valeada. op»n amtll &
• rlorL. JO« ElrreaU. «p«» cntll i» »>l»ek.
SW. ror»er Twrßty-»«*«*d and hfß:nckr,
ftp*T. Will & O>loglC _^^
PROTESTS AGAINST DARKNESS.
THE .SAX FRANCISCO CALI« 3IO>T> AY, FEBRUARY 19. 1900.
The 75-year-old suicide of Mission San Jose might
have played the game out for curiosity, if for noth
ing else
4EIGHT DAYS AT SEA
IN A LITTLE CANOE
STORY OF A NEW CURIOSITY AT
THE PARK MUSL'UM.
Large Crowds Enjoy a Variety of
Sport at the Chutes and
Sutro Baths.
Several thousand people who believed
they were weather prophets and risked a
day in the open In search of enjoyment
were drenched yesterday afternoon.
The shower vas of short duration, how
ever, and did more good to the flowers In
the park than harm to those on tha
millii:ory ot the pleasure seekers.
A large number of people visited tho
museum during the day. Interest cen
tered on a China Sea canoe peculiarly
fashioned out of the toughest woods. This
canoe was donated to the museum by
Captain John Williams of the British
ship Matterhcrn. who resides at No. S
Ger'myn Grove. Princess Park. Liverpool,
England. Tht canoe, in which a native,
tveak frcm hunger and perishing for wa
ter, was lying, was picked up by Cap
tain Williams 240 miles off shore south
ward of the Island of Fulo-Di-Majle of
the Anamba grpup In the China Sea. Af
ter he had regained consciousness the na
tive bald that he had been blown off
shore and had been eight days at se<*
without Icoil or drink. Three times bis
frail bark had capsized, he said, but the
exertion of righting it the third time had
left him lulpless and he expected to die
before another day bad passed.
Captain Williams took the native to
Shanghai, whence he was sent home
by the L'litish Consul. Ills canoe was
brcug«ht to this city and is now the prcp
erty of the Park Museum. During the
last wrek Y. C. Lawson of this city do
nated eight pieces of paper currency !s
nued In N< rtr- Carolina during 1 the civil
war, and James AY. Moore contributed
some Kr.glish notes of ancient date.
Many new and handsome Indian baskets
have also been obtained and more are on
the way to this city at the present time.
Notwithstanding the rain a large crowd
of people remained at the Chutes during
the t-fternocn. Instead of Thursday the
amateur night this week at the Chutes
will be held on Wednesday evening.
Thuistlay will be given over to the cele
bration of Washington's Birthday. Fire
works and the electrical fountain will
illuminate the grounds. Folio wing are the
results of the contests at Sutro Baths:
Fifty-yard dash. Juvenile— P. gund&urx ant.
H. Freeman second.
One hundred yard dash, amateur*— W. Ahr
bach first. H. Larcken second.
Tub race— Won by P. Sundbur». J. CBrlea
and H. Freeman.
High diving— Won by J. O'Brien and I* Hay
wards.
Springboard dlvlnj— Won by J. O'Brien and
Ed Carroll.
Swimming under water— H. Lareksa first. H.
Henderson second.
AJttTJSEiIEXTS.
CLAIMS OF THE
LIBERALIST UPON
MODERN SOCIETY
•
Rev. B. Fay Mills'
Able Address.
SUBSTITUTE FOR OLD FORMS
IT IS THE OUTGROWTH OF
CHRISTIANITY.
>
Catholicism Succeeded Judaism and
Protestantism Followed Catholic
ism.. He Reasons; Now
for Liberalism.
Despite rain and cold weather Metro
politan Temple was well crowded yester
day afternoon when the Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills opened his splendid discourse
upon the "Claims of Liberal Religion
Upon the Modern World." Mr. Mills' ex
position of his chosen doctrine was most
eloquent; In his delivery he was not sen
sational, but was convincing to a degree,
and that he deeply stirred his hearers
was evident from the beginning.
The speaker opened with the declara
tion that he had no fight with orthodoxy
or the dogmas of any sect. If he had, he
said, he could not lay claim to liberalism.
He did say, however, that modern ortho
doxy was neither more nor less than old
liberalism, and that the modern liberal
ism was merely the up-to-date form of
both.
"As a Unitarian," said he, " I deny that
we deny the divinity of Christ; instead
we affirm the divinity of all men. This
divinity Is in all men and religion merely
6tirs us to dig down in our own souls and
find that of God which is in us. We can
find it as 'well out of church as in It. If
being a Catholic is good for a person, I
say then by all means continue a Cath
olic; If Protestantism is good for a man,
then let him remain a Protestant. If you
would go a little farther and seek more
modern application, then adopt liberal
ism. At one time I took a census of
those who attended one of my meetings
and found that the largest percentage of
those present were members of no church
whatever; they were liberals.-
"The Roman Catholics will tell you
that when Judaism became old and worn
out they rose up and protested against it
and offered Catholicism as the modern
form of religion; the Protestants will tell
you that when Catholicism became worn
out they rose up and offered Protestant
ism. Now if Protestantism has lost Its
vigor, Its Inspiration, its love and joy,
then Isn't it time for some one to rise up
and a^ain protest? Liberalism is the
modern form and we offer it as the latest
substitute."
Mr. Mtlljs was heartily applauded at the
end of his discourse, as was also the an
nouncement that he would again lecture
in the near future.
MERCHANTS AND
TEACHERS REACH
AN AGREEMENT
Work of Committees
Ended.
IT ALL SEEMS AMICABLE
? .. •-• ¦¦:'. | V.;
CIRCULARS TO BE SENT OUT
TO-DAY.
» — ¦
School Fund Will Get More Than
$15,000 at Once and I^ang«r
of I/itigation Will Be
Past.
The teachers' committee appointed to
attend to the compromise or litigation of
the differences between the teachers and
the merchant creditors of the city has
reached an agreement with the merchants
which It considers a settlement of the
whole question. In a circular to be sent
to each teacher to-day the terms of th«
plan of compromise are thus set forth:
The teachers' committee, consisting of C. H.
Murphy, W. D. Kingsbury, L.. de F. Bartlett.
Lizzie K. Burke and Emma E. Stincen, hereby
directs the attention of the school teachers and
Janitors to the fact that, as a result of nego
tiations carried on between said teachers' com
mittee and the committee representing the mer
chant creditors, a plan satisfactory to both
committees has been formulated, by which the
distribution of the fund of 127.524 94 now held
by the Union Trust Company, can be effected
in such manner that the teachers will get over
13 per cent of a month's salary at once, with
out giving or making any assignment or in
cumbrance of any salary warrants. In other
words, the teachers and Janitors will receive
$7000 in cash as their share of the J27.524 94
now In the hands of the Union Trust Company,
and also $$000 now in the school fund, which
will be paid to th< teachers and Janitors Instead
of the merchants; thus making $15,000, which
will be paid at once to the teachers and Jani
tors.
In addition to this, the merchant creditors
will agree that the $$000 worth of uncollected
claims, which now have priority over the
teachers' and Janitors' salary demands, shall
be subordinated to the salary demands of No
vember, and shall not be audited until those
salary demands have been audited.
This plan can be carried out If each teacher
and Janitor will sign and deliver to the Union
Trust Company a conditional release of all
claims against said fund of |27,524 94; the form
of this release is shown by the copy inclosed
herewith.
The teachers' committee Is fully convinced
that the plan above outlined affords a most
satisfactory mode of escaping from the diffi
culties and complications which have, from
the beginning, surrounded the matter of. the
distribution of the fund In question.
Attention Is called to the following ad
vantages of the proposed plan:
All that the teachers and Janitors are re
quired to do Is merely to sign a release, and
no salaries or salary warrants are to be at all
affected.
The teachers and Janitors will receive, at
once, the sum of $7000 and the additional sum
of J.SOOO. making in all an Immediate payment
of $15,000.
All of the pending litigation will be brought
to an end and the danger of future litigation
will be avoided.
As the November salaries will be given
pricrlty over the $SOOO worth of merchants'
warrants, which, as matters now stand, have
priority over the salaries, the teachers and
Janitors will have the first chance at any ad
ditional money which may. In the future,
come Into the school fund of IS9B.
The teachers who advanced their money for
the protection of all the teachers will be re
paid the amounts advanced, and no further
assessments will be necessary.
Every teacher and Janitor is therefore earn
estly requested to sign the above-mentioned
release. In this way all further litigation can
be avoided. Tho teachers cannot keep out of
litigation by remaining Inactive. Unless they
take the proper steps to effect a compromise,
they will be brought Into court by the merchant
creditors.
Arrangements will be made by which the
teachers and Janitors will be enabled to sign
the conditional releaaa. and notification will be
given of these arrangements. :
The plan above outlined has been submitted
to the Auditor and Is satisfactory to him.
C. 11. MURPHY (Chairman),
L. de F. HARTLETT,
L. K. BURKE,
E. E. STINCEN,
W. D. KINGSBURT,
Committee.
Accompanying the circular containins
the plan of compromise is the following
agreement:
The undersigned hereby releases the Unlcn
Trust Company of San Francisco from any
claim that he or she may have in or to the
fund of 127.524 S4. collected and held by said
Union Trust Company In pursuance of an
agreement executed In May, 1599, by said Union
Trust Company, ratifying an agreement entered
Into on, April 13. 1899. by and between a com
mittee representing certain merchant creditors
and a committee representing teachers anil
Janitors having claims against the school fund
of San Francisco for the fiscal year 1398-99, and
from any and all Obligations arising out of said
agreements of April and May, 1893— upon com
pliance with the following conditions:
1. That the merchant creditors having claims
against said school fund, which said Union
Tru«t Company bolds as their asslirnee (or the
agent of said creditors) and said Union Trust
Company execute and deliver to the Auditor
of the city and county of San Francisco, and
to the teachers' committee, consisting of C. H.
Murphy, U. de F. Bartlett. W. D. Ktngsbury,
Lizzie K. Burke and Emma B. Stincen, a writ
ten agreement to the effect that said Union
Trust Company and said merchant creditors
consent and agree that none of the unpaid de
mands of said merchant creditors held by the
Union Trust Company as assignee shall be au
dited or paid until all of the salary demands
of teachers and Janitors for the month of No
vember, 1898, shall have been audited and there
shall have come into said school fund for the
fiscal year 1898-99 a sufficient sum to pay all
of said salary demands for November, 1898,
and the demands of said merchant creditors.
2. That the Union Trust Company pay to
said Asa R. Wells the sum of $7000, to be dis
tributed by him am&ng the teachers and Jani
tors an follows:
(a) $404 to be paid to the teachers' commit
tee, consisting of C. H. Murphy, L. de F. Bart
lett W. D. Klngsbury, Lizzie K. Burke- and
Emma EX Btlncen, to be used by it in defray
ing actual and necessary expenses.
(b) The amount that each teacher has paid
on account of the assessments levied for the
purposes of litigation to be repaid.
(c) The remainder to b« divided among th»
holders of unpaid teachers' and Janitors' claims
for November and December, 1898, in propor
tion to the amount of said claims.
It is understood and agreed by the under
signed that said Union Trust Company ehall
not be responsible for the proper distribution
of said sum of $7000, but said Trust Company
shall be deemed to have futly complied with
the above condition upon paying eaid sum of
$7000 to said Asa R. Wells.
This agreement It is expected the teich
ers will sign and return, and then the
committee will proceed to settle all differ
ences on the plan set forth in the circu
lar.
Ladles' fine kid ties for 75c a pair, worth
$2. at the sale of shoes, 717 Market st, *
Poverty often pinches the body, ani
wealth sometimes pinches the soul.
nflrr nnifll Corner Fourth and
CAFEBOMLsk^
Ulll I- llUiril-tc. OvercoatTind
.VaJlee* checked free.
Junior Order Celebration.
The Junior Order, United American Me
chanics will celebrate Washington's
Birthday Thursday evening in Odd Fel
lows' Hall. There will be an Interesting
and appropriate programme of music and
recitations and this will be followed >by
dancing. The address of the evening.
"Life of "Washington," will be delivered
by H. Q. Sauler, State councilor.
The Ascent of Man.
Rev. E. Neelander. pastor of the First
English Lutheran Church, last night dis
cussed "The Ascent of Man." In part ho
said:
To agree to the proposition that man is de
scended from an anthropoid ape Is impossible
if we believe that we are made " a little
lower than the angels." But if that doctrina
could be substantiated, then I should look
all my grim and grinning and stupid ante-
Adamic ancestors In' the face and shout at
them all "Whatever ye were, ye monaJi, y»
monkeys and ye monsters, as for me and
these my brethren, now we are the sons of
God 1 " This lays the origin of man In God.
We can think of God's thoughts. We can
Imitate the character of God. We are permit
ted to do the work of God. We are still la a
world of fieids and shops and stores, and
•tudlcs but may be sons of God in the dis
charge of filial duties In tolling with the tools
and trades of earth aa the ?aint does his In
sweeping harpstrings where the angeU alng.
M'DONALD'S THROAT INJURED.
The Loss of a Tooth Brings Serious
Consequences.
"William McDonald, the well-known
barytone of the Bostonlans, Is the v'ctim
of a painful misfortune, which may put
him out of business for a few daya if
nothing worse happens. Some time ngo
he commenced to experience considerable
trouble with an aching tooth. He applied
various household, remedies, but as they
afforded no relief he concluded to see a
dentist. This he did last week.
The dentist examined the tooth and told
McDonald the best thing for him was to
have the molar out. assuring him at the
same time that the operation would In
no wise affect his singing. McDonald con
sented, had the tooth out and has been
ever since laid up in bed with a swollen
mouth and jaw which hardly permit of
his speaking, let alone singing.
Mr. McDonald does not know exactly
what the trouble is. but it is thought to be
a partial paralysis of the cords of the
throat resulting from the shock of the od.
eration and the effects of the drugs used
In its accomplishment. Possibly a few
more days will see a relaxation of th«
injured cords and the popular barytone
once more back on the boards.
A REMARKABLE BILLOF ALL GOOD THINGS
KATITRTN OSTERMAN AND COMPANY,
HARRIS A FIELDS; DE WITT & BURNS;
HAPPT FANNT FIELDS: CUSHMAN.
HOI>~OMBE & CURTIS: MONROE & MACK;
DEETS & DON: ROMALO BROTHERS;
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 25c: balcony. 10c: opera
chairs and box seats. BOc.
Uatiness Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATIN Et THURSDAY,
Wosh'ngto-.'s Rirthday.
Tickets Now on Sale.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
WILL DEMAND LIGHT
Supervisors "Will Hear Protests
Against Proposed Shutting Off
of City's Gas Supply.
To-day representatives from nearly
every Improvement club In the city will
appear before the Board of Supervisors to
protest against the turning off of the
street lights for the balance of the fiscal
year. The clubs are of the Opinion that
economy might be practiced with better
results in other branches of the munici
pal government and their best speakers
will be on hand to-day to say so. George
11. Fletcher, whose activity In behalf at
better- government has made him a prime
factor in matters of that sort, and presi
dent of the Federated Clubs as well, does
not agree with a number of Supervisors
that the city can afford to go without
light and to-day it Is likely he will come
to the front to make his protest.
The Supervisors themselves are wait-
Ing only for the protests of the clubs.
They acknowledge them as the represent
atives of the public and are ready to
abide by the majority of their opinions.
In case no protest is made the lights will
be shut off. If protest is made economy
will have to find its victims in other
quarters. The resolution cutting ¦ the
Board of Health allowance to $35,000 will
come up to-day on its second reading ana
the board will also have to consider the
appointment of additional clerks to the
offices of Auditor, County Clerk, Recorder
and a half dozen other offices at the City
Hall. Mayor Phelan, It Is understood,
has made his dicker and is now prepared
to recommend the clerks of whom he will
subsequently have the appointment.
Precita Valley Wants Light.
The Preclta Valley Improvement Club
Joins with the other outside district clubs
In their protest to the Supervisors against
shutting off the street lights. The club at
its last meeting discussed the question,
and came to the conclusion that not one
Supervisor dare go before the people as
supporting the policy of shutting off the
lights. The club called the attention of
the Board of Health to the perpetual
nuisance of the sewers In the valley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JU Clearance
fSALE
\ For This Week.
LADIES* Suede Kid Oxfords, in black.
nlle rreen, tan and lavender, formerly
J5, nearly ail sizes 91.50
LADIES' French Goat Button Shoes,
formerly S3 50 91.00
GENTS' Patent Leather Lac« Shoes,
coin toe. J5 quality 93.50
GENTS' Genuine French Calf Oxfords
(Herbers). formerly J3 91.50 and 91.00
For the Next 30 Days.
LADIES' SHOES.
(4 00 French Kid, coin toe, hand sewed
lace chocs 92.50
|3 00 Glazed Kid, coin toe. patent leather
tip, cloth or kid top. button 81.00
tl 00 Tan Shoes In button or lace 91.25
J? and $¦"> French Kid, plain toe, button
shoes: broken sizes X I .no
|2 CO Kid Oxfords, broken sizes SI.OO
Ladles wearing A, B and C widths, sizes 2
to 4, can find some rare values here.
GENTS r SHOES.
»7 00 Patent Leather, cloth top, button
eho6s. pointed toes; best makes; nearly
all sizes 92.50
$3 50 Calf, double sole, round or square
toe ~ 92.2S
$6 00 Patent Leather Lace or Congress,
Fquare toe; best makes; odd sizes SI. SO
$300 BOYS' Shoes, calf, button, sewed,
Blzes 2'^ to 6 91.50
*2.£0 YOUTHS' Shoes, calf, button,
broken lots 51.25
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S SHOES.
$2.00 MISSES' cloth top, button or lace.
coin or square toe, slies 11 to 2 91.25
JL7S CHILD'S square toe, cloth or kid
top, button shoes 91.05
$2.60 MISSES' 'patent leather button,
plain square toe 050
$1.75 CHILD'S glazed kid. coin toe, vest- •¦
ins top. lac« shoes 85c
$1.00 INFANTS' cloth or kid top, patent
leather tID, button shoes BOc
Lots of Bargains. Goodartrtctly aa advertised.
830 832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
psppcil Fimmm
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
CROWDED NIGHTLY.
HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY NEXT-
THIRD WEEK of the Best Extravaganza
Production Ever Witnessed Here.
THIS EVENING -THIRD EDITION.
THE IRISH CAKE-WALK A\D MANT
OTHER UP-TO-DATE NOVELTIES^
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved leat In orchestra Thursday
and Saturday matinees. 2&c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Immortality and Science.
Professor Leo Van der Naillen will de
liver a lecture on "Immortality From the
Scientific Standpoint" this afternoon under
the auspices of the Sorosls Club.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Tfclrd and I>ast Week, the Famous
BOSTONIANS.
TO-NIGHT— ALSO THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
"THE SERENADE."
TUESDAY.
"THE VICEROY."
TTEDKtFDAT and SATTRDAT XIGHTS and
EATURDAT MATINEK.
"ROBIN HOOD."
Monday. February tB— DEXMAN THOMPSON
AND 'THE OLD HOMESTEAD."
Cathedral Council's Dance.
The third anniversary ball of Cathedral
Council Xo. 59. Y. M. 1., will be held In
JCative Sons' Hall next Friday evening.
The many details connected with an
event of this kind have received the care
ful attention of the members of the coun
cil, and the .affair is looked forward to
with pleasurable anticipation. In the past
the success of Cathedral Council's recep
tions has been largely due to the fact
that admission Is strictly by Invitation.
This year will be no exception to the rule,
and already a laree demand has been
made upon the members for the coveted
cards. The committee of arrangements
consists of John D. Mahoney (chairman),
Harry Burns. Daniel C. Dea»y, Edward J.
Dollard. P. Farrell, W. Chester Keogh. E.
T. Messersmith. P. H. McCarty, L. Kelly.
T. Ryan. The floor will be in charge of
\V. T. Humphrey, with Joseph Orr as
sistant, and the following floor commit
tee: A. W. Dollard, W. A. O'Leary, Dr.
W. S. Hopper, Dr. James O'Connor, A. C.
Quatman and R. E. Martinez. The recep
tion committee consists of Neal Power,
Charles T. McCarthy, H. L. Nagel. M. C.
Vuleclvich, Frank Farren and Paul
Spottlswood.
*TI VQLi*
"HOOT MON, iffBONNIE NEWS"
THIS EVEXINO COMMENCES
THE SIXTH WEEK
Of Use M&gsetlo Laugh-Making Opera,
"THE
EveclrsCT at S. Matinee Paturflay at 2.
TO MEET THE VAST DEMAND, WE GIVE
A Special Matinee Thursday,
To Celebrate Washington's Birthday.
THIS WEEK XVTLL BREAK ALL RECORDS.
Don't Delay In E>curing Tour 6«at»!
POPULAR PRICfc?— 25c and sOc.
Telephone— Bush 9.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall > l
on Application.
THE BEGINNINGS OF AMERICAN POLITICS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
A/VIERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
BT JESSE MACY, LL.D.
I. THE FEDERAUST PARTY. I
A political party may be defined briefly
as "an organ for the expression of public
opinion." Such organs have come into
existence along with the transition in gov
ernment from privilege to democracy.
They exist wherever men are striving to
realize government of, by and for the
people. In all countries where a demo
cratic ideal prevails each political party
professes to set forth and to strive to
realize that policy which will best pro
mote the Interests of the whole people.
Because men are not agreed as to what
will best promote those interests, political
parties exist. In respect to each positive;
aggressive measure there are always op
posing views; one body of men advocat
ing a change In the existing policy as
likely to serve better the welfare of the
people; others resisting the proposed
change and striving to show that it will
endanger the Interests of the people.
It Is to be continually borne in mind
trusted the financial policy of Alexander
Hamilton the rew Secretary of the Treas
ury and the real head of his party. Amontr
these were found the masses of the rural
population and the dwellers in the fcat
tered towns and hamlets throughout the
country. Many of those also who had la
bored with the federalists to secure the
adoption of the constitution found them
selves, under the readjustment arising
from the new issues, allied with the re
publicans. Madison himself was one of
the number.
On the other hand, the commercial
classes and in general the dwellers In
those parts where the population waa con
centrated, realizing better than the others
the imperative need of a stable and
straightforward financial policy and the
importance of that well ordered society
and security of life and property upon
which progress in civilization depends,
gave their adherence to the federalist*
and upheld Hamilton's propositions for
funding the debt of the Vnfon along wltS
the debts of the various States.
Personal interest doubtless entered Into
the motives actuating many of the mem
bers of both parties. Those States having
large debts to provide for — like South
CELEBRATING THE ADOPTION OF THE CONSTITUTION.
that the party, properly so called. Is al
ways to be distinguished from the fac
tion or from the clas3 contending for its
own privileges. Centuries of selfish fac
tional strife preceded in England the rise
of true political parties.
Federalists and Anti-Federalists.
The study of American political parties
may properly begin with the struggle for
the adoption of the constitution. liSi-9.
American whigs and tories there had in
deed been previous to the Revolution,
who corresponded in their views to the
parties of the same names In Great
Britain. The whigs opposed the policy of
King George and his ministers, while the
tories supported it. After the close of the
war, for obvious reasons, no tory party
remained upon this side of the Atlantic,
while what had been the whig party now
included practically the whole people.
That has hence been called the first
American political party. But it is per
haps more strictly accurate to say that
the advent of r*eace and Independence
found the new nation without parties and
in a state of political fluidity ready to
crystallize into opposing forces the mo
ment the divisive element should appear.
This was supplied by the work of the
constitutional convention, which set be
fore the people a frame of government
for their adoption or rejection. During
the great debate which followed — prob
ably the most thorough, the most influ
ential debate known to our political his
tory, reaching down to the fundamental
principles of all government and familiar
izing the people throughout the land with
those ideas which underlie free govern
ment everywhere — arose the two parties
known in history as federalists and anti
federalists.
The whole subject of party names in
our early history is somewhat confused,
and the variety of terms used by differ
ent writers, with their diverse applica
tions, tends to. perpetuate this confusion.
It is, however, clear that a form of con
stitution having been adopted by the
convention which met in 1787 and placed
before the States for adoption or re
jection, the party favtrring the adoption
called themselves federalists, while the
name anti-federallat waa applied to those
who opposed the adoption of the consti
tution, declaring that the centralization
of governmental power involved would
be dangerous to individual freedom and
to the cherished rights of the several
States.
Federalists and Republicans.
Two years 'of discussion of the ques
tion, "Shall the constitution be adopted?"
led to the triumph of the federalist and
placed Washington in the Presidential of
fice. The constitution having been made
the law of the land and accepted by the
nation, and the man who was the unani
mous choice of all the people placed at
the head of the new Government, fresh
divisions must at once begin. Hence
forth political debate concerned matters
of immediately practical consequence —
the interpretation of the constitution,
which all parties now accepted and pro
fessed to venerate, the adjustment of the
difficult financial problems of the new
State and questions of foreign policy.
Naturally the leaders of thought and
opinion were gathered In the Cabinet and
the houses of Congress. While Washing
ton could be persuaded to remain In office
they could not differ as to the Presi
dency, but they could and did differ as
to the Vice Presidency, and they differed
in respect to the use to be made of the
new federal powers of the Government.
The towering Intellect of Alexander Ham
ilton could not but draw to Itself a fol
lowing of thinkers of like Inclination. The
pressing problems of state came before
them as they conferred together. Their
discussions of men and measures led them
to agree In their Judgment as to the in
dividuals best fitted for certain positions
of responsibility. The names of such per
sons were then suggested to others, to
men of prominence in their several
States. In effect those men were thus
"nominated" for office, and this coterie
of public men led by Hamilton was the
nucleus of a "party." It became the
"federal party" of the period succeeding
the adoption of the constitution. In a
precisely similar manner arose the first
republican party headed by Thomas Jef
ferson. This Is the way political parties
are made. - > - ? 'v'"-'.''''
The party In power during Washington's
two administrations and of that of John
Adams retained the name federalist, but
the opposing party now called Itself Re
publican, while its adherents, in reproach,
were sometimes called democrats by their
enemies. Sometimes we find the hyphen
ated noun "democratic-republicans"
given to the same party.
New terms and new Issues did not, how
ever, destroy the underlying basis of di
vision, which in the beginning separated
federalist and anti-federalist. The fear
of centralized power tended to persist in
the minds of those classes who had fought
against the adoption of the constitution,
and. though it has not always come to the
Burface. the came fear has beeen through
out all our after history one of the divisive
elements in our national politics. Di
vergent tendencies remained and spread
among the people after the great struggle
was apparently ended and the new admin
istration had entered upon the herculean
task of welding into a united nation the
reluctant factions which had given »hetr
unwilling and tardy consent to the under
' Some of those who as anti-federalists
had opposed the constitution did no doubt
give, after its adoption, their loyal adhe
sion to the administration of Washington
—that is. to the federalist party: but the
major part cast in their lots with the new
republican party, of which Jefferson was
the acknowledged leader. Some of ;bem
believed that they saw in the new forms
of government and In the attitude of the
federal leaders monarchical tendencies
and signs of these other disasters to lib
erty which had been foretold. Others dto-
»<», + ,«>» <$» -?-<»¦ -»-<»-»¦-»-?--? ? ? »-f9
Carolina and Massachusetts — naturally
apreed in desiring the assumption of their
obligations by the National Government,
while Pennsylvania and New Hampshire,
having less to gain by that mea-sure.
strongly opposed it. Religious motives
may have had their influence. The de
scendants of the Pilgrims and Puritans
feared the Infidelity which seemed to
mingle with Jefferson's liberal political
views.
It was at this period also that the lines
separating the agricultural and commer
cial classes were more sharply drawn and
sectional strife was intensified. Differ
ences in political thought due to differ
ences In economic conditions and supposed
interests led to diverse views of the con
stitution and to cnntradlctory applications
of theories of government, though the
fundamental principles no longer entered
Into discussion.
Xote — Study No. 1 will ba continued on
Monday next.
Courses of Instruction.
Spring Term. 1900.
Mondays: American Political Parties.
Tuesdays: Twenty Lessons in French Con
versation and Recent Scientific Discover
ies. Wednesdays and Thursdays; Golden
Ages of Literature. Fridays: Photography
for Amateurs. Saturdays: Biographical
Studies for Girls. These courses will con
tinue until May 31. 1900. Examinations
'will be held at their close as a basis for
the granting of certificates.
TO THftQR who have passed the me-
1 U 1 IiUsJE ridian of life the thought
of growing old and be-
coming helpless is not a pleasant one. There
is little to fear, however, providing one looks
carefully after one's health. With this con-
served, age comes on like a kindly winter and
life's allotted span is lived out with pleasure.
To those 60 and 70 years of age and more,
and who require a tonic to aid nature, there
is nothing can equal Warner's Safe Cure. It
is a purely vegetable preparation and keeps
the kidneys and liver in good order, aiding the
circulation of the blood, especially necessary
at this season of the year, and stopping the
cause which compels the arising at night and
which to many is a source of great discomfort.
Hundreds of testimonials can be given from
men and women who bless the day their at-
tention was first called to Warner's Safe Cure.
A single unsolicited testimonial is herewith
appended.
I take pleasure in testifying to the
merits of Warner's Safe Cure. I am'now
76 years of age and have been a great
sufferer from kidney and liver 'com-
plaint for a good many years. Tried a
great many things, but received no ben-
efit until I was advised by an old ac-
quaintance of mine who had been tak-
ing Safe Cure for the same complaint
to try it, which I did, and after using
two bottles felt better and have taken
altogether one half dozen bottles and
feel like a new man.
W. C. EDGAR.
Notary Public and Conveyancer,
Alanson, Mich.
MeCleal advle* fr*«. Address Warner's Safe Cure Co., Roches-
ter. H. Y. Microscopical examinations on application.
WARNEB'S REMEDIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
BRIGS DAMAGED
IN A COLLISION
NEAR ALCATRAZ
The Old Thetis in
1 rOUDIc {iQcLlli*
COAST SEAMEN TO CELEBRATE
ANNIVEBSABY OF THE UNION
IS NEAR AT HAND.
«
Sugar Boats From Honolulu Are
Placed in Quarantine — Overdue
Ships Causing Much TJn- .
easiness.
There was a strong westerly breeze
blowing at the heads and on the bay all
yesterday morning, and in consequence
quite a fleet of vessels that have been
outside for a couple of days came in.
There was a strong tide running when
the brig John D. Spreckels arrived, and
when the captain attempted to anchor off
Melggs Wharf the current carried her
down on the brig Galilee, 'which had ar
rived a short time previously and was ly
ing at anchor. The Galilee lost her Jib
boom and some of her headgear, while
the Spreckels lost her Jlbboom and fore
topmast and had her standing gear dam
aged. The two brigs were soon separated
and then the John D. Spreckels was taken
to quarantine, as she is from Honolulu.
About noon, when It was blowing
thirty-two miles an hour at Point Lobos,
the revenue marine receiving ship Thetis
dragged her anchors and went on a
cruise on her own account. She nearly
collided with the pilot boat Bonlta,
bumped up against Powell-street wharf
and finally docked herself In the berth
usually occupied by the quarantine tug
George M. Sternberg. When the latter
vessel came back from inspecting one of
the sugar fleet she had to move the The
tls out into the stream again before she
could dock.
The deep water arrivals yesterday were
the brig: Galilee, S6u days from Tahiti;
barkentine S. G. Wilder, 19 days from
Honolulu; schooner Amy Turner, 21 days
from Hilo; brig John D. Spreckels 14>A
days from Honolulu; bark S. C. Allen, 19
days from Honolulu; brig Lurline, 15 days
from Kahulul, and British bark Caith
ness-shlre. 74 days from Newcastle, Aus
tralia.
The Galilee brings a carjjo of cocoanuts,
fungi, pearl shell, copra and vanilla
beans. She left Papeete on January 12
and crossed the equator ten days later.
On January 23 it blew hard and there was
a nasty cross sea. During the gale the
foretopgallant mast was sprung and from
that time on Captain Densmore was able
to set nothing above a reefed fore top
gallant sail. After losing the northeast
trades the brig ran into a heavy south
easter, during which some of the sails
were blown out of the bolt ropes, while
others were split and rendered useless.
The Galilee brought no passengers and
Captain Densmore reports everything
quiet in the French possessions.
Th» S. G. Wilder, John D. Spreckels and
S. C. Alleni all from Honolulu, were
placed in quarantine. The brig made a
splendid run up, beating the bark and
barkentine by four and a half days. All
three vessels will be fumigated and re-
leased some time during the week. The
Caithness-shlre made a fairly good run.
beating the American ship Snow and
Burgess, which left Newcastle with her
the same day. On January 19, in latitude
3 degrees 40 minutes south, longitude 120
degrees wpst, the Caithness-shlre passed
the barkentine Omega, which was at that
time thirty-five days out from Astoria
for Valparaiso with a cargo of lumber.
Captain Harrington of the Omega asked
to be "reported all well."
The members of the Seamen's TTnlon of
the Paoillc in San Francisco exptct to
have a big celebration on the evening of
March 6 next. It will be the fifteenth an
niversary of the organization, which came
Into existence that day as the Coast Sea
men's Union. It gradually spread itself
all over the coast, until there were
branches in every port from San Pedro
to Victoria, B. C.. and then the name
was changed to the Seamen's Union of
the Pacific.
The anniversary celebration is to take
the form of a parade to be followed by a
mass meeting and a banquet. It is ex
pected that fully 350 members of the
union will be In port on the occasion and
a splendid showing will be made in con
sequence. The parade will leave the
headquarters of the union on the corner
of East and Mission streets promptly at
7:30 p. m. March 6. It will be headed by
twelve picked men in uniform, who will
form an advance guard. Following will
be a band of twelve pieces. Then will
come Grand Marshal Edward Anderson
at the head of 150 men, forming Company
A, under Captain Frank Johnson; a band
of ten pieces, followed by flags and
transparencies, after which will come
Company B, 150 strong, under Captain
Thomas Finnerty.
At the conclusion of the parade the men
and their friends will meet in the main
hall of the union, where some of the best
speakers in the city will give addresses.
The whole proceedings will then wind up
with a banquet.
The underwriters are wondering what
has become of the British ship Annie
Thomas, now out 201 days from Cardiff
for Acapulco. She was last spoken in
latitude 57 degrees south, longitude 70 de
grees west, on October 11 last, and in con
sequence 25 per cent reinsurance is being
paid on her. The American ship May
Flint, now out 97 days from Hongkong for
Tacoma, is also a subject for uneasiness,
and 12 per cent reinsurance is being paid
on her. The May Flint is one of the
ships recently purchased from Flint &
Co. of the California Ship Company. On
the British ship Englehorn, 55 days from
Yokohama for Tacoma, 30 per cent rein
surance was paid, but the vessel reached
Port Townsend in safety a few days ago.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THEY 1 THEY 1 THEY
LAUGHED. I YELLED. I ROARED
THE LIVELIEST. THE FUNNIEST. THE
BEST LAUGHING. ROARINO. ROL-
LICKING FARCE COMEDY Ever
Be«n Hn-e.
REMEMBER THE MATINEE ON WASHING-
TON'S BIRTHDAY. THURSDAY.
"WHO IS WHO."
IntrodtJrtnr Thoe« Comic Fellows,
CHAB. PUSEY and BERT BT. JOHN
And to Excellent Company of 25 High-Class
Artists.
Caicbi«t and Brightest Specialties. The
Newest Things in Musical Farce. Elaborate
Scenery- Beautiful Coctumes.
Next Sunday Afternoon. February 25 — MAO-
GIE MOORE-ROBERTS COMPANY In "THE
SILENCE OF DEAN MAITLAND."
COAL. COKB AND PICI IRON.
Jr WII * C(\ 90 ° Battery Street.
•\r nILOUiI S VU-, Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Eupt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C W ?MITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
t<- IT- J.rlllH. and Ship Work a Specialty. IB
aiid IS Washington et. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
Ji^ RfIVFS£fA Shipping Butchers. 104
JA> DUlLitl CU-, clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
f N IflF^Tin " 4 Keirn > ft - «<p |t »' r »- !-•••«
J. 11. LUf^lAll, tt) . !ei iowert prie«i. tmodtliiii
PAPFR OKALRRS. .
U'lF I 4MF7TP PULP AND PAPER CO..
TT ILLAJIL IIC 722 Montgomery et
PRI.NTIN J.
F C RFfiRF^ printer,
E- Iv lILUf.O. 611 Eansome at., S. F.
STA.TIONE3 AND PRIME*.
Te c^ hlc PARTRIDGE 306C^°[ nla
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ¥heblack
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIEHIKS, 1b the Bm Coal in the
market. Office and Yards — 450 Main street.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
Entering on the SECOND WEEK to the capa-
city of our very waifs.
EVERY EVENING AT OilS.
MATINEE DAILY AT 2ilß.
THEBEIL SHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURES.
PEWARE OF TICKET SPECULATORS.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON and NIGHT
LAST PERFORMANCES.
Matine**, 25c and 60c; Children. 15c Even-
Ings (reserved), 15c. 25c, 3Sc. 50c and 75c.
Coming— "HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH?"
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE. EL6IE YON TILSE. the
BLACK BARTONS, OUHANA. PAUL LA
CROIX. OEOBOE BTRD, VOLKYRA and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SPECIAL! Amateur Night
NEXT WEDNESDAY,
INSTEAD OF THURSDAY.
Balloon Ascension and Fireworks
Washington's Birthday.
CAKEWALK SATURDAY NIGHT.
Phone for Seats PARK 23
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO NIGHT!
MORE FUN THAN* EVKR.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHERJ
EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY,
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
15c, 25c R illr^f D 35c, 50c.
Next Week-"THE NETV SOUTH."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. 12 to 24. inclusive
Elx high-class running races every week
day. rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons Hep directly from the railroad cars into
a tuperb grand Ktand. glass-encloeed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, they cau
enjcy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
»:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:36, 12.&0
and 1:25 p. m., returnl.iK immediately after
last race at 4:46 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
Ban Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. n>. Leave Kan Bruno at 4:00
and 4:41 p. m.
RATKS — Pan FYanclsco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. 11.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
i: Palace and :
i: Grand Hotels I
< ' Fcr nearly a quarter of a century th» '
? leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
" With added Imcrovetnents and con- c
« venlences they continue to be the head- <¦
a. quarters tor tourists and travelers vlb- < .
it: t e Ban Francisco. < <
? - JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. , ?
.f Manser. ?
5Tanforan Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's running
events are as follows:
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds 1
purse.
800 Mission 107 772 La Borgia 102
797 Bandera 102 646 Uppercrust 102
797 Aborigine 104 802 Mountebank ....104
797 Racetto 104 772 Artllla 103
737 Xance 0'Xe11...102 ... Vesuvlan 107
790 Isallne 102 790 Maydlne 102
797 S. Dannenbaum.lo4
Second race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
...Carlochinl 108! 732 Glrly Ducat 100
... Fred's M0unt. ..1051 791 On Time _...10J
791 Scotch Belle 10S|(791)M. F. Tarpey. .lls
Third race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
(807) Hard Knot 103 (793) Potent« 11l
<792) Harry Thoburn.los 7SI Daisy F 104
753 Scotch P1aid... .104 770 Topmast 100
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward.
620 The Wooer lOlf SOI Rlcardo 1M
753 Lucid 104 533 Heartless 103
800 Hiram Johnson. 86 ... Rey Hooker 104
789 Sister Marie 87 797 Red Cherry 87
797 March Seven.... 87. 785 Uterp 99
773 Captive 107 726 Ann Page 99
79S Esplrando 104 800 Mortgage 87
752 Loch Katrine... 87 773 Lew Zara 87
655 University 1041
Fifth race — One mile; "three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
791 Storm King.. ...106] 796 Socialist ........106
759 Del Paso II 112 653 Meadowthorpe .112
(664)Focade 98 780 Perseus 103
! 764 Wyoming 103 796 Dogtown 106
775 White Fern 105 75S Mary Klnsella.. 101
780 Chas. Le 8e1....10S (764)Alaria 102
792 Castake 103 "SI Bishop Reed 103
(783) Espionage 99
Sixth race— Five and a half furloncs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
S6l Sybaris 103 801 Formella ........IC6
773 Manranilla 106 792 Sister Alice 1W
798 Rosalbra 11l | 712 Yaruba km
763 Montallade 108: 624 Antloch 104
756 Mafada Ill' '"""
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Artllla, Isallne, Vesuvlan.
Second race— M. F. Tarpey,- Scotch Belle,
Glrly Ducat. .
Third race— Potente, Daisy F. Scotch Plaid.
Fourth race— Mortgage, Captive, . Loch Ka
trine.
Fifth race— Wyoming, Jleadowthorpe. Es
pionage.
Sixth race— Montallade. Bybarls.. Sister Alice.
Kenny to Meet Hawkins.
CHICAGO. Feb. 18.-The Tattersall's
management to-night substituted Young
Kenny for Jack Hutchison In the bout
against Dal Hawkins Tuesday night
Kenny won the light-weight champion
ship of the west from Jack Lewis, and
besides, holds one victory over Hudson to
his credit. • • ¦ ;
Sharkey to Box Jeffords.
DETROIT, Feb. IS.-The first heavy
weight sparring contest of the winter will
be witnessed at the Light Guard Armory
to-morrow night, when Tom Sharkey will
flght a ton-round go with Jim Jeffords of
California. It is Jeffords' first appearance
against Sharkey. The bout has been ar
ranged by the Cadillac Athletic Club a:id
all the good seats are already sold.
Polytechnic Victorious.
The Polytechnic High School defeated
the Lowell High School in a baseball
game Saturday at Eighth and Harrison
street grounds by a score of 11 to 10. The
following was the line-up of the teams:
Polytechnic. Positions. Lowell.
Dunn First base Cerew
Levy Second base Specker
Crafts Third base Robinson
K gan Catcher Wolner
Tucker Pitcher Wistrand (capt.)
McKune (capt.). .Shortstop Graham
Gas* | Left field ; Shellon
R05a........ Center field Heyman
Pockwltz RlKht field , Jensen
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Callaghan Estat* Company (a corporation)
to Aurust Petzold. lot on >• Una of Eddy
street. 52:6 E of Franklin. E 53:6 by X 120: $1».
Same to Harry Hush, lot on XE corner of
Kddy and Franklin streets. E 25 by N 1*0: HO.
Same to Charles Bush, lot on X Una of Eddy
street. *3 E of Franklin, E 27:6 by N" O; $10.
Thomas McCrea Cluft to Margaret V. Cluff,
lot on X Itne of Vallejo street. 110:4 W of
Franklin. W 45:6 by X 137:6; gift.
Johanna D. Jolllffe* to Eleanor J. Sprockets
(trustee), lot on S line of Pacific street. 152 \V
of Octavla. W 30 by S 127:S>-i: also lot on S
line of Pine street, 13T:6 E of Hyde. E U:2
Iby S 13T:S; lot on SE comer of Ellis and
Hyde streets, E 56:7 Vi by S 87:S, trustee 1 * deed;
Margaret Koonan (Ktrstetn) to Elizabeth
Morehouse. lot on X line of Bush street. 100
W of Droderlclc. W 25 by X 10O: gift.
Cain B. and Mary A. Ashurst to Homer Wlt
son, lot on E line of Howard street, 135 N
of Twenty-first, N «0 by E 122:8; $10.
Katie J Elermann (Ring) to William H.
Ring lot on W line of Eureka street. JOt X
of Ocean road. X 50 by "W 130; also lot on
NW corner of Webster and Greenwich streets.
N 120 by W 137:6; *10.
John and Columbia Briamanla'lo to 010
D. Roneonl, lot commencing ISO:* E of Kearny
street and 86:3 N of Broadway. N 81:3 by B
46; $10.
Janet S. Porteous to Mark J. Fontana. lot
on S line of Francisco street. 97:« E of Hyde.
E 40 by S 97:6; $10.
David Fltzscibbon to Cecil J. Garnsey. lot on
N line of Ellis street. 87:8 TV of Hyde, N
37:5 by W 25: JiCO.
Ouiseppe Lavezz! to Augusta LAvezzl. lot on
SW line of Seventh street. 2^5 X"W of Harrison.
XW 20 by SW So: «rtft.
William Feehan to Ellen Feehan. lot on XW
line of Folsom street, 125 SW of Eighth. SW
50 N"W 165. NE 23. SE 73. NE 23. SE 90; also
lot on SW line of Xlnth street. 225 XW of
Folsom. XW 25 by SW 100: gift.
C. F. Adams to City Street Improvement
Company, lot on W line of Pennsylvania ave
nue. 125 N of Eighteenth (Solano), X SO by
WlOO; HO.
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to John
B. Farlsh. lot on E line of Forty-second ave
nue. 190 X of Cliff House road, E 55. XE ta
a point XW 143:8. S 233:9; $10.
Julia A. Hobbose to Lillian G. Robbo««. lots
17 and IS. block 1162. Outside Lands (W tins
of Thirty-fifth avenue. 275 S of T street. S
to by W 120); gift.
Alaxneda County.
Frank F. Tttus to Emetine Titus, lot on SB
corner of Myrtle and Tenth streets. 8 SO by E
150. Oakland: also lot on W line of Myrtla
street. 73 S of Tenth. S 75 by W 125: JlO.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Ann!«
McDermott, lot on S line of Walsworth avenue.
70 W of Bayo Vista. W CO by S VS. betntr lot
21. block G, Linda Vista Terrace, map 2. Oak
land: $19.
California Guarantee Investment Company to
Alice A, Mowry. lot 13. block 3, Dowllng Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
John C. and Alice E. Turner to E. F. Wait*,
lot on SW corner of Shattuck avenu* aad
Berkeley way. W 112.30. S 25. E 110.63. X 25.0H to
beginning, beinjr lot 55, Collego Tract. Berkeley:
also lot on W Una of Shattuck avenue, ZS.OS 3
of Berkeley way. S S3. W 109. N 35. E lit S3
to beeinnln*. being a portion ot College Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Bartola Z. de Heytrood to F. H. Rice, lots
32 and 33. block 2092. Map ot Paradlsa Plot.
Oakland; $10.
SHOOTING AT HAILSTORMS.
This Means of Preventing' Damage
Said to Be a Success in Europe.
The idea of destroying storm clouds In
cluding tornadoes, by firing cannon at
Them, has been laughed at In this coun
try, and experiments in this line have
not been successful, but the scheme is
taken more seriously in some parts of
Europe, and even some of the scientific
journals apsort that it Is practicable, and
cite impressive instances to prove it. The
following statements, for example, are
taken from Globus. one of the best known
tjengraphical publications of Germany:
"(Jn May GO last the Minister of Agri
culture in Italy suggested that the ex
periment be tried of destroying hail clouds
i>y means of cannon discharges. He forti
lied his pupg-estion by copious quotations
from Professor Eduard Ottavi's book on
'Destroying Hailstorms in Styria by
Means of Cannon Discharges,' the third
edition of v/hlch had just appeared. The
Italian Government thereupon placed at
the disposal of land owners the powder
in one of the Government magazines at
a. low price, until the end of October, this
year. The result was that many firing
stations were established In regions
whore vineyards were peculiarly liable to
(iaraace and the" results have been most
gratifying."
This seems to prove the theory that
destroying hailstorms by means of cannon
Is not a humbug. Furthermore, the theory
find the demonstration of its value are by
no means new. Arago tells of a fleet an
chored. In the seventeenth century, in
<:artag-ena, South America, which by bom
barding ftorms repeatedly prevented
them. In the eighteenth century a French
sailor also destroyed storm clouds in this
manner at his country place in the neigh
borhood of Macon. In Germany experi
ments were made in 18C5. In Italy the
theory has been tested on a. much larger
scale and the experiments there extend
as far back as the sixteenth century.
Professor Bombiccl of Bologna was. one
of the first to discuss the matter scien
tifically. In recent times, however, the
decisive tests have unquestionably been
made in Sryria. Austria.
The Burgomaster of Windlsch-Feistritz,
in Styria, has a very large and fine vine
yard on the south slope of the Bachen
Mountains. He sustained enormous losses
«-very year from hailstorms. In 1596 he
erected twelve shooting stations on the
property, distributed over about two
square kilometers. They were placed on
the highest elevations. Each station had
ten heavy cannon, handled by b\x men.
Each charge consisted of 120 grams of
powder.
As soon as a hall cloud approached
shots were heard from all the stations.
The Vienna Imperial Meteorological So
ciety thus described the procedure:
"Heavy, black clouds move forward from
above the Bachen Mountains. At a sig
nal shooting begins at all the stations,
and after a few minutes the forward
movement of the clouds ceases. . Then the
clouds open as If a canal divided them,
and gradually disappear. Not one stone
falls. The experiment was tried six times
in 1836. always with the same result. Since
then fifty-six stations have been erected
around Windiseh-Felstrltz. and it has
paid well to support them."
The question Is of great Importance to
Italy, where certain districts are regular
ly visited by hailstorms. This summer 70
stations were erected in the province of
Treviso. 30 in Padua, 2GO In Vlcenza, 20
In Verona, 133 In Bergamo and In other
provinces stations* are constructing under
the supervision of Professor Ottavl. The
cannon used wore brought from Styria
¦nh«re a special industry In the manu
facture of this article has developed. In
Italy, also, some firms have begun to
make the so-called "Hungarian cannon."
proving himself easily the crack shot of
the Callfornlas, with a score of 271. Other
scores In the club were as follows:
RIDE OVER
SAN BRUNO
FOOTHILLS
Members of San Mateo County
Hunt Have an Enjoyable
Day With Hounds. J I
The San Mateo County Hunt's meet
at Uncle Tom's Cabin on Saturday
was one of the most successful In the his
tory of the club. The members were again
the guests of Francis J. Carolan, master
of the hunt, who had arranged for lunch
eon at the cabin. This was partaken of in
the open air, the weather conditions be
ing suitable for the enjoyment of life out
of doors.
The members arrived In their private
conveyances, their riding clothes con
cealed in top coats, while a procession of
grooms moved into the stable yard with
blanketed horses which were to be ridden
In the hunt. Luncheon was an entirely
Informal affair, jollity and good-natured
badinage sending- it along with a delight
ful swing which placed all those so fortu
nate as to bey present on good terms both
with themselves and the world at large.
Many ladies graced the occasion with
their presence, lending color and gayety
to the animated scene. w'
The line of the hunt was first to the
northward, passing Tanforan on the west.
A wide detour was then made into the
foothills toward the ocean, thence back
toward Burllngame. The hounds and the
field were visible for nearly an hour to
spectators, who saw the pack laid on near
San Bruno. This was due to the open na
ture of the country, thera being few trees
to obscure the vision. The reverse of this
condition obtained In the immediate neigh
borhood of San Mateo, where much of the
hunting Is done and where but little ex
cept the start and finish may be viewed
from the roadside. .
Peter Martin has broken the ice In the
matter of following the example of
Messrs. Carolan and Hobart In donning
the scarlet coat of the fox-hunting gentle
men. He appeared In the conventional at
tire of the hunting field on Saturday, and
others are expected to do likewise while
the present brilliant season is still at its
height.
Before the hounds were laid on "Char
ley" Dunphy, who Is pronounced a splen
did horseman, put the well-mannered
hunter upon which he had a mount over
the first jump several times, displaying
both his own and the horse's cleverness
at the game.
Among the regulars who followed the
hounds were: Francis J. Carolan, M. F.
H.; Walter S. Hobart, Peter Martin.
Charles Dunphy, J. Downey Harvey, J. J
Moore, E. D. Beylard and the Hunt serv
ants, Keating and Johnson.
T. J. Carroll. 312; A. Bremer, 326: J. W. Mc-
Laußhlin. 341; A. Bertlesen. 3m: Captain F.
Attin(?er. 441 ; A. Hempel. 452; John Utschls.
•466; J. Tammeyer. 352; A. Gehret. •493: F. A.
Kuhls, 522; R. Stettin. 513; R. Rahwyler. 565;
F. \V. Belknap. 504; John Utschle. 590; C. J.
Walden." 591; Joseph Straub. 636; R. Finking,
672; F. UVnne. 707: A. Br-uss. 731: John Horst
mann 802; J F. Robinson. 912; D. B. Faktor,
963; A. Junblut. 1063; F. Schumann. 1442: H.
Schroeder. 130O; A. Baumeister. 1284; J. C
Waller, 1331; R. Longer. 16S1: W. Woenne. 1S14:
F. A. Schumpf, 1751; A. Ut!>ch!t, 1614; A.
Struecker, 1453; 11 Reubold. 1555; Dr. W. Ack
ermann, 2611; Charles Sagehorn. 2625.
Company D of the National Guard held
a medal shoot. The score resulted as fol
lows:
F. B. Moulter. 45; "W. Butterworth. 44; T.
Kerrigan. 42; J. F. Robinson, 42; T. S. Archer,
43; H. Fletcher, 41; A. A. Smith, 40; J.
Schlosser. 3S; A. M. Wheeler, 38; Captain
Cheda. 37; W, Smith. 37; V. Hoxie. 37.
Columbia Club Scores.
Tho Columbia Pistol and Rifls Club
shoot at Harbor View yesterday was well
attended. It was an unfavorable day for
shooting:, but good scores prevailed In
spite of weather conditions.
C. M rtelss In fifty shots made 2*l oat of 200.
Creedmoor count, with a revolver. The ayera^e
was 2*i inches per shot from the center of Co
lumbia count, beating Youne two points.
Scores : *
All corner*' and members' rifle medal— F. O.
Tounr 42, 47 64, 69; C. M. DaJss. 68. 97; G.
Mannel, 69 69, 79 S7. 92. 96; E. E. Beaman. 83.
102 117 113. 102. Record scores— P. Becker. 112.
132, 137*. Military and repeating rifles. Creed
moor count-P. Becker. 43, 43.
All comers' and members pistol medal— C. 11.
Dalss 57, 58: F. O. Young, 60, 70; B. E. Bea
man. 63, 72 S4; P. Becker. 68: Dr. J. F. Twist.
86, 89 92; F. S. Washburn, 63. 73.
Twist revolver medal— C. M. Dalss, 51, 61. 61.
59 62; F O Young. 51, E3. 63, 62. 67: Dr. J. F.
Twist. 97, 93 100, 106; A. H. Pape, S2. Revolver
record scores— P. Becker. S3; M. J. White. 97;
A. H. Pape. 103.
Pistol record scores— C. 11. Dalss, 44; Dr.
Twist. 49; Mrs. Mannel. 85; Hassman. 85;
Washburn. So; Mannel, 91.
Twenty-two and 23 caliber rifle medals— A. B.
Darrell 16, 19 22, 23. 26. 23; A. H. Pape, 24, 30.
27; Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 31. 45; Dr. J. F. Twist.
36. 47; Mrs. G. Mannel. 45.
WENT TO RENO
AND MARRIED
IN GREAT HASTE
Miss Hickok and Jas.
Hanson Made One.
RUSH FOR THE BORDER STATE
•
BOTH PARTIES WELL KNOWN IN
THIS CITY.
Attended by a Lady Friend, the
Bride Leaves With the Groom
on the Morning Over
land.
J. S. Hanson, the well-known furrier of
this city, was married last night In Reno
to Mlfs Lrfiura Hlckok. formerly of Oak
land but latterly of San Francisco. Miss
Jllckok is the daughter of W. B. Hickok.
the insurance man. The gToom is a man
of conFid^raMe wealth, and is known as
the "Lord of L»oundes." that title vesting
In him upon tne death of his brother in
Scotland.
Behind this simple announcement is a
romantic story. With the Judicial sanc
tion of a Reparation from his llrst wife
Etlll ringing !n his ears, Hanson began his
courting of Miss Hickok just three weeks
ftfo. He prrpst'd his suit and was accept
td. the marriKß-e taking place at. the Riv
erside Hotel, in Reno, Rev. B. F. Hudles
ton of the Hnptist church officiating.
Mlfs Hickok did not give her ttnal word
until Saturday afternoon. A dinner party
was then arranprd. at which the prospect
ive troom, bride and a few chosen friends
tittendfd, and then the party disbanded
to meet the following day on the over
land train. Promptly upon the hour Han- ;
ton, Mks Hickok and Mrs. E. L. Atkin- '
son of this city appeared at the foot of
Market street. There was flurry and ex
citement as the trio left for the Bister
State in which the marriage ceremony
was to be celebrated. Hanson's divorce
was not absolute, the restriction upon
pubsequent marriage within a year being
enured In the decree. That was the rea
son for the hasty pilgTimag-e to Reno, the '
n+orcFX city outside the limits in which
California law holds good.
Once in Reno the couple lost no time In
securing a minister to seal the bonds of
matrimony. The witnesses to the marriage
were Mrs. K. !„. Atkinson and George \\\
Cheek, who is connected with the R'.ver
side Hotel. The marriace over, the trio
looked around for a west-bound train.
Fate, rur.ning: with an equally fast pace,
favored the party. With its usual con
sistent irregularity the overland from Ojj
<3en to San Francisco was delayed. It
was booked to pass through Reno at 4
o'clock this morning, and the intention of
the bridal party last night was to return!
to this city on it.
Both the bride, the groom and Mrs. At
kinson are very well known in San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Hanson, nee Hickok. is a
<i<-mUblonde. plump of stature and pretty
of face. The young couple -will take up
ihoir residence in this city, a home having
l>pcn fitted up in the last few days by Mr.
Hanson.
No woman is a heroine toT her hired tfrl.
HICKEY WILL
BE ORATOR OF
PATRICK'S DAY
Celebration Will Be at
Woodward's.
»» — •
MEETING OF THE DELEGATES
SENTIMENT AGAINST BRITISH
VERY STRONG.
Executive Committee Hakes Its Be~
port — Bright, Enthusiastic
Speeches3ef ore the Gen
eral Committee.
The executive committee and the general
committee composed of delegates of the
various Irish societies of San Francisco
met yesterday afternoon at 1133 Mission
street to further the plans for the St.
Patrick's day celebration, the proceeds of
which will be sent to the Red Cross So
ciety of the Boer army.
The executive committee convened ear'.y
in the afternoon and went Into executive
session. The particular work on haM
was the selection of the orator of tiia
day. After an hour's discussion on tiia
merits of various candidates. Thomas W.
Hickey was chesen to voice the senti
ments of the day. Hickey Is a youns
lawyer of much promise. In IS9B he grad
uated from the Hastings Law School, and
since that time he has been practicing
law. Last year he entered the field or
politics, and so rapid was his success that
he was elected secretary of- the Demo
cratic municipal convention last fall.
The executive committee also announced
the selection of Woodward's Pavilion for
both the afternoon and evening exercises.
Not much other business was transact
ed. Thomas F. Barry opened the meeting,
but relinquished the chair to J. J. O'Con
nor while he attended a meeting of the
literary committee, which deliberated
upon the selection of a poet for the day.
No choice was reached for this running
mate of the orator.
Several stirring speeches were marla
during the afternoon at the meeting of tha
general convention, the general subject
being the Boer war and what it meant fi
the Irish people. Jeremiah Deasy, J. I*.
Dignan, Theodore Pinther, the correspoi.fl
ing secretary of the Transvaal Society,
and J. A. Emery spoke long and fluently
on the heroic struggle of the weaker na
tion against the imperialistic forces cf
Kngland. Much enthusiasm was displayed
at all times, and every word of condemn i
tion against the English was greeted witti
prolonged applause.
The following new committees were ap
pointed by the executive committee:
Printing— C. B. Flanagan. P. M. MeGushin.
C. J. Collins. J. J. Conniffe and William Gllll
cany.
Decorations — Thomas M. Scary. Charles Snee
han, Mrs. Richards.
Afternoon entertainment— T. F. Alford.
Thomas M. Scary, S. R. O'Keefe.
Band— M. J. Gorman. William Malvln. C B.
Flanagan.
Committee on poet — Judea Cooney. C. B.
Flanaian, T. F. Barry.
On March 13, at Metropolitan Hall, the
Robert Emmet Society will hold its an
nual celebration, the proceeds of which
will go to the Boer cause. Father Torka
will deliver an address.
Men's calf shoes for $1 25, worth 12 50, at
the sale of shoes, 717 Market street •
At Schuetzen Park.
' The fine weather brought out a number
of marksmen to Schuetzen Park yester
day. The ranges were occupied by the
San Francisco Grutll and the California
Schuetzen clubs: A brisk breeze and poor
light combined against the recording of
any remarkable scores. Schuetzen will
probably be the park selected for the big
Bundes shoot which will take place next
year, and manager Fred . Schumann has
in view extensive alterations should this
be so. ~ .
The Grutll Shooting Section held a
medal shoot. No scores were given out
but the iollowlner were the winners- Al
Gehret, , R. Hauser, T. Bachmann
paries Ott. Charles Gutt. A. yon W?"'
F. Baumgartner, A. Studer and F. ApDen
zeller. v vmu
• The .monthly medal shoot of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club resulted In J. Jones
He had come upon her dozing In her
hammock, and when she woke up she ac
cused him of stealing a kisa.
"Well." he said. "I will admit that the
temptation was too strong to be resisted.
I did steal one little kiss "
"One!" Bho exclaimed, indignantly; "I
counted eight before I woke up."
A Leaping Sword.
"Of all the cities I have visited in
Europe." paid R. A. Stinson of Boston
recently, "I found Madrid one of the most
interesting. It has a number of out-of
the-way features that appeal to one.
"While I was in Madrid I tried to pur
chase one of the famous Toledo blades
The old-fashioned two-handled sword was
what I wanted to get, one of tho?e that
were built to cut through armor and
which fulfilled their mission completely
as many a bloody battlefield Jn ye ancient
days bore testimony. 1 had to give it up
on account of the expense. They cost
from $150 up, but while I was looking for
one a shopkeeper showed me a most sci
entific trick. His store was very lofty,
running up two or three etories, and he
was descanting on the beauties of this
particular sword, when, in order to prove
the perfect temper of the metal, he drove
the point Into the floor and bent the blade
up till hilt and point met. He then sud
denly released the hilt, and that six feet
of gleaming sword sprang up into the air
like a thing alive. Lp and up it went, al
most to «the loftly celling itself, when It
lost its Impetus and began its descent hilt
first. It returned almost to the place
whence it started, the shopkeeper catch
ing It by the hilt with practiced ease and
returning it to its case. 1 was crazy to
try It myself, but the owner refused to
Jillow me. as he said I would probably not
only wreck the store but perhaps injure
myself as well. He told me that If I want
ed to learn the trick I had better practice
It in a large open lot, and that a suit of
armor wouldn't be a bad thing to wear
until I got the hang of it."— New York
Tribune.
The Chinese honor their guests by plac-
ing before them the oldest eggs obtaina-
ble, which are considered their greatest
delicacy.
DIAMONDS IN RUSSIA'S CROWNS
There Were 2264 Gems Used in Mak
ing Three" of Them.
The crown of Russia is at present pre
sumably the richest in diamonds. Besides
several valuable collections in thelmperlal
treasury there are three crowns entirely
composed of these stones. That of Ivan
Alexiowitch contains 881, that of Peter the
Great 847 and that of. Catherine 11 2536
O w ne Pk \ h l ,moBt, mo8t remarkable diamonds is
the Orloff, now set In the top of *he
Imperial scepter, and on this account is
sometimes called the "Scepter" diamond
The history of this stone has been much
mixed up with that of the "Moon of the
Mountain," another great diamond in the
possession of the Czar. The most authentic
account appears to be that it formed one
of the eyes of the Hindu god Srl-Ranea
to whom was dedicated a magnificent
temple situated on a fortified island In
Mysore.
A French deserter from the Indian ser
vice, who had been at work in the neigh
borhood of this temple, hearing of the
idol's "beaux yeux" determined to be
come their possessor. As no Christians
were permitted .within the precincts of the
pagoda, he In order to gain the confi
dence of the priests, became a devotee
and so ingratiated himself with the
Brahmins that- they confided to him the
guardianship of • the inner, shrine, which
contained the idol. Watching his opportu
nity one stormy night, he succeeded In
forcing one of the eyes out of its socket
and fled with it to Madras, where he sold
UISJ^" I*.1 *. to . an En >?lish sea captain for
£2000. who in turn disposed of it to a Je-v
for £12,000. From him it was purchased
by Kojeh. a Persian merchant, who at
Amsterdam, when on his way from Eng^
land to Russia, met Prince Orloff. This
Prince, In -order to regain the favor of
Catherine 11, under whose displeasure he
had fallen, bought the gem from the mer
chant for the sum of £30,000 and an an
nuity of £4000 and presented it to his im
perial mistress, who had previously de
clined the purchase as too costly, but now
accepted this truly royal gift from her
illustrious subject.
The "Orloff" diamond weighs 194 carats
and its estimated value is £369,800. In
size it ranks first among European gems
and in beauty yields the palm to the "Re
gent" only. It is said that Wilkie Collins"
novel "The Moonstone" was suggested < by
this stone. — Chambers' Journal.
Ply-Casters at Stow Lake.
A meeting of the San Francisco Fly
Casting Club was held at Stow Lake yes
terday morning. Although the breeze
was quite brisk some good casts were
made. Golcher carrying oft the honors of
the day with a net per cent of S6 7-10.
Following are the scores:
At Ryan's Handball Court.
Thera was some good handball at Phil
Ryan's court yesterday. The games be
tween Harlow and White. Kilgallon and
Collins were really of a high merit and
brought forth much applause from the
gallery spectators. The score stood: Har
low and White, 21. 12. 21. 15. 21; Kilgallon
and Collins, 10, 21, 13. 21. 17. The game
played between W. Maguire and E. Cur
ley. E. Foy and R. Hausman was de
clared a draw because of darkness. A
decision will be reached on next Sunday.
At the close the score stood even at 21.
17, 21, IS for Maguire and Curley, against
11. 21, 13. 21 for Foy and Hausman. The
other games were:
P. Basch and M. Eerwln 21 21 21
R, Pippen and J. Harrington 14 IS 11
L. Reuben and P. J. Gallagher 21 13 21
B. Sheridan and W. O. Fahy 19 21 16
H. J. Rogers and E. J. Murphy 21 12 21
R. Longabach and R. Regll 10 21 15
E. McDonough and E. Altvater 21 21 IS
B. Lynch and G. Braun < 11 13 21
J. J. Canavan and J. A. Whiteman....2l 21 13
G. B. Hayward and E. Lynch 13 16 21
G. Smith and J. Condon 21 15 21
A. McVicker and T. Foley 10 21 13
W. Cunningham and M. Klrby 21 16 21
T. Foley and G. Smith 11 21 17
W. Walsh and T. Serres 21 19 21
J. Broyer and A. Cereghlno 10 21 20
THREE JOKES IN
A FARCE COMEDY
We have had a great deal of theatri
cal trash in San Francisco from time to
time. For example, "We, Us & C 0.,"
"Fizz, Bang, Boom," "Palntln" 'Er Red"
and "The Sign of the Cross." but nothing
more trashy than "Who Is Who," which
had Its first presentation at the Califor
nia Theater yesterday afternoon. The au
thor Is not ashamed of his handiwork, it
seems, for his name appears on the
programme: " 'Who Is Who, 1 by Herbert
Hall Winslow."
There are two comedians, Messrs. Pusey
and St. John, an auburn soubrette, a man
with a sandpaper voice, two female cor
netists, who make noises that would dis
grace the worst circus band in existence,
and a bunch of beauties of the type one
sees a great deal of (principally legs) in
the leg show paper.
The music, which, by the way, was ar
ranged by the conductor, Mr. Prince,
once of San Francisco, is sufficiently well
adapted to this rag-time age, but the
singers of the company are all in need
of pads on their voices.
Miss Eva Tanguay has a trim figure
and appears in the first act in an auburn
costume with hair to match. She changes
the former several times during the even
ing. Pusey and St. John are really funny
when left alone to their specialties and
have at least three jokes that I think
are worth repeating. The audience was
large and seemed to be amused, but, for
my part, if this is the "third edition" of
"Who Is Who" and if it is, as the adver
tisements say, "better than ever," I am
glad I did not go against It when It was
newer and worse.
PORTER GARNETT.
• • *
The Bostonians will begin the third and
final week of their engagement at the Co
lumbia Theater to-night with a revivial of
"The Serenade," which is announced for
repetition on Thursday and Friday nights.
The new comic opera, "The Viceroy," will
be given for the last time on Tuesday
evening. "Robin Hood" will be sung three
times* only — Wednesday- and Saturday
nights and Saturday, matinee.
Denman Thompson, appearing In his
own celebated play, "Th^ Old Home
stead," is announced to follow.
"Who Is Who?" will run for one week
at the California Theater. • The next at
traction, beginning on Sunday matinee,
February 25, will be Maggie Moore and
her Australian company, which includes
H. R. Roberts, presenting "The Silence of
Dean Maitland." On Wednesday, Feb
ruar 2S, and for the rest of the week,
Maggie Moore will appear In "Mrs.
Quinns Twins." ¦ ;;..¦,-.-:
The bill at the Alcazar this week is
"The Prodigal Father," an uproarious
farce. A matinee performance will be
given on Washington's birthday.
Beginning to-night "The Idol's Eye"
sees the sixth week of its phenomenal
run at the Tlvoll. A special matinee will
be given on Washington's birthday, and
as yet no announcement has been made of
a change in the programme for some time
to come.,
, "Aladdin Jr.," which is such a success
at the Grand, will be given in Its third
edition this week. A feature is made of
specialties in this production, and these
for this week are varied, novel and Inter
esting. There will be a matinee on Wash
ington's birthday.
Kathryn Osterman in a comedy sketch
is the bright particular star at the Or
pheum this week. Others in the bill are
Harris and Fields, De Witt and Burns
and Happy Fanny Fields. :-.
The Jeffries-Sharkey pictures will be
continued at the Alhambra afternoon and
evening for. the present week.
Trlxeda is pleasing the Olympla audi
ences. Mile. Thelma and the De Meir 3ia
ters are also on the bill.
The "Black Bartons," Elsie yon Tilse, a
woman barytone, and Ouhana, a Japanese
equilibrist, will be new at the Chutes this
•week. The holdovers are Major Mite, Paul
Le Croix and George Bird, the "Chinese
Embassador." The regular amateur night
will be given this week on "Wednesday,
and on Thursday night there will be nn
elaborate display of fireworks in honor of
Washington's birthday. aBfIHI
MISS LAURA HICKOK.
FLYING FOX
WINS AGAIN
FOR CURTIS
Healey's Grenada, 6—l; H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence beat T. Butler"s Susie. 4—l; Russell.
Allen & Wllson"s Miss Penman beat F. Yon
Soostens Magnet. 12—1: Russell. Allen & Wil
son's PalmHower beat J. O" Shea's Young
America. 5—4: Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant
beat J. O'Shea's Young Firenzi, 6-2; P. Hor-
Ran's Lucretia Borgia beat J. I. O'Brien's
Pasha Queen. 3—2: Connell Bros.' St. Helen
beat D. Tolaml's Pleasant Girl, 4—2; Bartels
Bros. 1 Baron Blood beat T. J. McHugrh's Moos
Continued Success of the San
Jose Coursing Man on
Union Park Field.
Rose, 3—o;3 — 0; John Strehl's Three Cheers beat J.
Edmonds 1 Go On, s—l:5 — 1: E. M. Kellogir's Hum
mer beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Rosle
Claire, 4—l; T. Murphy's Tea Rose beat E. M.
Kellogß's lowa Boy, 6—l.
Second round— Beer Brewer beat Mountain
Beauty, 3—2: False Flatterer beat Little Fuller
ton. 6—2; Golden Rule beat Bluestone, 16 — 0:
Lottie M beat Prince Hal, 3—l:3 — 1: Lawrence beat
Miss Penman, s—o; Mamie Pleasant beat Palm-
For a time at Union Coursinp Park yes
terday it 6cemed that either the dogs of
the Curtis Kennel or those of the Lopez
Kennel must divide the stake, as each of
the owners had three dogs which ran well
down toward the final. Eugene Geary's '
great young greyhoud Palo Alto broke
the spell, however, defeating a representa
tive from each kennel in the third and
fourth rounds. When it came to the final
the deciding course was between Curtis'
Flying Fox and Lopez's Pepita. The for
mer was installed favorite and won by a
score of 16 to 7. The hare was one of Su
perintendent Griswold's best, and led the
dogs a merry chase across the Held. After
hard running he made his way to the es
cape, but was caught before he could get
through.
The surprise of the day was the re
markable form shown by Palo Alto, the
youngest dog in the stake, lie defeated
Merciful, ilandom Aim, "Wonder and
Cash, finally going out to Pepita in the
next to the last round. According to
Judge Grace this was hard luck, as the
young dog showed all the speed, but the
hare favored his opponent. Palo Alto
teems the best of the Kmin Pasha-Bonnie
Lass litter, of which Mr. Geary also owns
America, Bonnie Pasha and Ireland, all
promising puppies.
Hawker, the ftake favorite, was retired
by Minneola in the second round by a
score of 3 to 2. Minneola put out Royal
Union in the succeeding round, both dogs
sustaining heavy falls during the trial, it
was a day for favorites, the majority of
them being successful in the various
rounds. Tne first notable upset was the
defeat of Grafter, which sola a 4 to 1 fa
vorite over Rock Island King. Grafter
showed lameness in going to the slips and
Judge Grace issued a notice to that ef
fect to protect the bettors. There were
several undecided courses, the hares be
ing a tricky lot. It rained hard in the
rooming and again about 4 o'clock. The
sport went on, however, without inter
ruption, the field officials donning their
storm coats and continuing at their re
spective duties. The detailed results, with
the official scores, follow:
R. E. de B. Lopez's Pepita, a bye. One Spot
withdrawn; Pasha KenneU' Reannex beat J.
Kennedy's Night Time. 12—6; R, K. de B.
Lopez's Green Valley Maid beat P. -Doyle's
Wild Monarch, 9—5; M. London's Magneto, a
bye. Sleigh Bells withdrawn; 1). Winders' Ran
dom Aim beat J. Kennedy's Ever Sure, 7—5;7 — 5;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat J. Watklns" Merci
ful, B—i;8 — i; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder beat
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead, 7—3; Gus
Abercrombie's Rock Island King beat P. J.
Kellly's Grafter, 9—3; Curtis & Son's Vulcan
beat T Sullivan's Maid of the Hill, 4—o; P.
J. Rellly*6 Plough Boy beat Curtis & Son's
Echo, 11—7: R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo beat
J. O'Dowd s Shootover, 7—2; Curtis & Son's
Vanity Fair beat J. Alloway's Brian Boru,
12—2; Curtis &. Son's Cash beat J. Martenet's
Bill Foster, 6—o; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox
beat Aeneld Kennels' Athena. 6—4; R. E. de
B Lopez's Wanda.* beat -H. H. Gray's Terron
et'te. b— 2; J. I>ean"s Gallant beat Al Austin's
Los Angeles, 10—0: J. L. Ross' J L It beat
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory. 9—5; J. Watklns 1
Merciless beat Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer,
16— 11; Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wings beat E.
and R Scott's Lord Byron, ft— 4; J. Martenet's
Slim beat P. Rellly's Master Mat, 10—0; N. P.
Whiting's Minneola beat P. Relay's Richmond
Queen 8—0; Kay & Trant's Hawker beat J.
Keenaii's Royal Oak. B—2; J. Mooney's silent
Treasure beat J. Keenan's Black lock, C— 2;
P. J. Rellly's Royal Union beat-J. Murn&ne's
Wild wood. ¦
Second round— Pepita beat Reannex. 4—o;
Magneto beat Green Valley Maid. 6—l; Palo
Alto beat Random Aim, 3—2; Wonder beat
Rock Wand King. 4—3; Vulcan beat Plough
boy 2—o: Diablo beat Vanity Fair, 4—o; Cash
beat Wanda. 6—2: Flylne Fox beat Gallant,
4_l- J L X beat Merciless. 6—o; Silver Wings
beat Slim 4—l; Minneola beat Hawker, 3—3;
Royal Union beat Silent Treasure, 4—2.
Third round— Pepita beat Magneto, S—o; Palo
Alto beat Wonder. S-l; Vulcan beat Diablo,
4_2; Cash beat J L R, 6—o; Flying Fox beat
Silver Wings, 8—0;8 — 0; Minneola beat Royal Union,
S— 7.
Fourth round— Pepita beat Vulcan, 3—2: Palo
Alto beat Cash, 10—2; Flying Fox beat Minne
ola, s—l.
Fifth round— Pepita beat Palo Alto, 3—l; Fly
in j: Fox, a bye.
Final— Flying Fox beat Pepita, 16—7.
The draw for the stake to be run at
Union Park on Washington's birthday
will bo held to-night at Pythian Castle.
The draw for the John Grace and the
Belle Brandon challenge cups, which will
be run for next Saturday and Sunday,
will be held Thursday night. The first of
the Ingleside draws, that for the Ingleside
cup stake, will be held to-morrow night
at Pythian Captle. The draw for the regu
lar Sunday stake will be held Thursday
evening. The Interstate Coursing Club
will meet to-night at Pythian Castle to
complete arrangements for the annual
running of the John Grace challenge cup
stake, to be decided at Union Park next
Saturday and Sunday.
flower. s—o; St. Hplen beat Lucretia Borgia,
s—o; Baron Blood beat Three Cheers, 4—o; Tea
Rope beat Hummer, C— !.
Third round— Fal«e Flatterer beat Beer Brew
er. 4—o; Golden Rule beat Lottie M, 3—2; Mamie
Pleasant beat Lawrence. 7—5;7 — 5; St. Helen beat
< Baron Blood 4—l:4 — 1: Tea Rose, a bye.
Fourth round— Golden Rule beat False Flat
terer. IT— 9; Mamie Pleasant beat Tea Rose,
6—2; St. Helen, a bye.
Fifth round— Mamie Pleasant, a bye; St.
Helen beat Golden Rule, 3—l.3 — 1.
Final— Stake divided.
STOCKTON COURSING.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON*. Feb. IS.— The results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day were
as follows:
Glen Roy beat Sarah Gold; Prince of Fashion
beat Golden Gate; Winning Lassie beat Robin
Adair: Rowdy Boy beat Kerry Gow; Nonpareil
beat Rou«rh Rider; Joker beat Hazel L; Fire
ball beat Miss Manila; St. Elmo beat Overton;
Old Glory beat Forgrive; Black Hawk beat Blue
Jacket: Sunbeam beat Lucy G; Pat Molloy
beat Alberta: Tld beat Black Chief; Peaceful
Glen beat Wheel of Fortune; CllDPer beat
Rlsht Arm; Cash In beat Forget Me Not.
Second round — Glen Roy beat Prince of Fash-
Ion; Winning Lassie beat Rowdy Boy; Non
pareil beat Joker: Fireball beat. St. Elmo;
Hlack Hawk beat Old Glory; Sunbeam beat Pat
Molloy; Tip beat Peaceful Glen; Clipper beat
Cash In.
Third round— Glen Roy beat Rowdy Boy;
Nonpareil beat Fireball; Black Hawk beat Sun
beam: Peaceful Glen beat Cash In.
Fourth round — Glen Roy beat Nonpareil;
Black Hawk beat Peaceful Glen.
Final— Glen Roy beat Black Hawk.
Ingleside Coursing.
The final in the open stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday was not con
tested. Connell Brothers' bitches, St.
Helen and Mamie Pleasant, dividing first
and, second prizes. St. • Helen beat out
Golfcen Rule, a 3 to 1 favorite, in the fifth
tie. and with several other short-enders
made Joy for the pikers. The day's re
sults follow:
Open stake: First round— A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty, a bye; Bartels Bros.' Beer
Brewer beat R, E. de B. Lopez's Mike Davey,
6—3: T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer beat E.
M. Ketlogg's lowa Maid, t — 1 ; Lowe & Thomp
son's Little FuUerton beat T. Losan'o Leah,
3—l: J. O'Sbea's Golden Rule beat H. Lynch 1 s
Benlcla Boy, 4—2; J. Carroll's Bluestone beat
Bartels Bros.' Border's Best. B—4; Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal beat T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle. 7—2; 11. Lynch' s Lottie M beat D. J.
TRIBUTE TO THE
MEMORY OF A
NOBLE WOMAN
Honors to the Late
Frances E. Willard.
A. M. DEWEY'S ABLE EULOGY
— . ?
SECOND ANNIVERSARY OF HER
DEMISE.
Her Work in the Cause of Temperance
and Uplifting of Humanity Re
viewed at Howard-Street
M. E. Church.
The second anniversary of the death
of Miss Frances E. Willard, the great
leader in the reform temperance move
ment, who In her lifetime was the na
tional president of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, was observed last
night at Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church. While no special services
were held, A. M. Dewey, cousin of the ad
miral, who delivered an address on
"Christian Citizenship and Its Obliga
tions," took the occasion to pronounce a
panegyric upon the woman who had done
so much in the cause to which she was de
voted. Mr. Dewey was a close friend of
the deceased temperance advocate and
treated the subject of his discourse with
special rererenco to her extraordinary
lite work.
"We are gathered here to-night," said
Mr. Dewey, "to honor the memory of a
woman whom I knew well and to whom
I have often talked on the very subject
we have been considering. She studied
the industrial problem along the lines of
the temperanco movement, which she
served so well. In discussing the labor
question I am not prepared to say that
she was the greatest woman In the world,
but she was one of God's noblest crea
tures. She had few equals and no supe
riors. Miss AVillard was a new woman
of the higher type In all that represented
purity of womanhood. Like Wendell Phil
lips and Abraham Lincoln, she put for
ward the best efforts of her life to the
uplifting of humanity— to protesting
against every wrong or injustice and In
being true to the truth at all times. It
becomes, then, the duty of her followers
to take up the work of her hands and
carry it forward to ultimate victory. To
know Miss Willard was to love her, and
who knew her best loved her most, and
were better men and women for having
known her."
In his address Mr. Dewey spoke of the
industrial conditions which prevail at the
present time, the competitive system of
which, he contended, will one day prove
the nation's undoing, unless radical meas
ures are taken to remedy them. He ar
gued that the best citizenship possessed
duties and obligations as well &a privi
leges, and had to do with public welfare
and not wiu private matters. He exhorted
his hearers to bring the Influence of
Christianity upon all their dealings with
political affairs.
"The liquor traffic," concluded Mr.
Dewey. "Is a great peril which must be
controlled, or it will control the State.
•>...e average politician Is a coward, who
sacrifices principle to gain votes and re
tain power. The industrial system that
arrays man against his fellow-man is not
the best system In the world, and the In
dustrial injustice, to womanhood is one of
the greatest curses of the century. With
the Christian church lies the responsi
bility to settle the question of the great
reform movement looking- to the better
ment of manhood, and for that reason
political activity is a Christian duty."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
DR. MEYERS & CO. I
lj >£j y^*~~v v Skilled Specialists for Men. c!
I CONSULTATION FREE. 1
t'illiiilHitfi
I drugs or electric betts P nCVer US ° mJurlous « dangeroua |
I c fc^^r^^-^ P ssr dle " and appUances - *¦ Meye ™ & i
I by San." CUr " a BpeclaU >'- ™vat, book and advice free at offlc* or I
I 731 Market Street I elevator Ho«r^tosDa«y 1
1 ,' V * san Fresco. 1 ENTRANCE Sggg^^ , |
6
The Late Frances E. Willard,
XAMB.
i
8
g
2 r>
g
55
i
8
3
"I
Mocker 84
Turner 79
Davekoson .... 106*4
Kline 75
Golcher 113
Stratton 85
Mansfleld
Brotherton ... 105
Crowell
81.S
83
S3.
91.8
74.S
91
90.4
80.4
87.4
18.4
S3
M
84.3
S3
S3.S
79
71.8 79.6
70.10 73.7
67.J 71.9
79.2 88.7
58.J 71.1
"5.10 83.1
70 79.4
62.8 70.9
XAMB.
i
8
g
2 r>
g
55
i
8
3
"I
Mocker 84
Turner 79
Davekoson .... 106*4
Kline 75
Golcher 113
Stratton 85
Mansfleld
Brotherton ... 105
Crowell
81.S
83
S3.
91.8
74.S
91
90.4
80.4
87.4
18.4
S3
M
84.3
S3
S3.S
79
71.8 79.6
70.10 73.7
67.J 71.9
79.2 88.7
58.J 71.1
"5.10 83.1
70 79.4
62.8 70.9BLESSED AND DEDICATED
A STATUE OF THE SAVIOR
Dewey-Eckman.
OVKLAND-, Feb. 18.— Miss Selma Eck
nan and Bassett E. Dewey, a relative of
\<lmiral Dewev. were married last Wed
nesday evening at the residence of the
Rev A. J. Guftafson, 1708 Thirteenth
street. The ceremony was performed by
R*»v Mr Gustafson. assifted by the Rev.
J. O. ..ahlberg. Miss Esther Gustafson
ncted as maid of honor and Miss Emma
Person acted as bridemaid. John Gustaf
son officiated as best man and Frank Ol
son was usher. After the wedding the
happy couple entertained about fifty
OAKLAND WILL HAVE
MANY NEW CHURCHES
OAKLAND, Feb. IS.— Oakland, the
"City of Churches," is about to enjoy a
boom in the religious line. Five new
chorebca are in course of construction or
are about to be commenced.
As scon as legal difficulties have been
removed the First Swedish Evangelical
Lutheran Church Trill sell its property on
Ninth, between Washington and Clay
Ftr^tf. When this is ! done another Bite
v.iii be secured and a new church will
be erected.
The RtorpanJzed Church of Jesus Christ
< i Latter Day Salnte has just com
pleted the construction of a pretty chapel
at the corner of Sixteenth and Myrtle
streets. Services were held there for the
Qrst time to-day.
At the northeast corner of Thirty-sec
ond and Linden streets the St. Paul's En
giiEh Evangelical Lutheran Church has
secured a cite. The building of a new
church will commence in a short time.
The plans for the new First Church of
Christ (Scientist) have been completed
and work on the new edifice at the corner
of Seventeenth and Franklin streets will
l>e commenced next month. It will cost
rffi.Ow and will have seating capacity for
MO people.
Work has already been commenced on
a new church building at Russell and Lo
rena streets in South Berkeley. It will
l>e of modest dimensions, but with a view
to future enlargement.
The anniversary of the death of Fran
rrs Willard was commemorated this
morning by special services at the
liightb-aver.ue Methodist Episcopal
<"ht:rch. A ppecial sermon upon the life
work of the late W. C. T. U. worker was
preached by the pastor. Rev. Mr. Need
ham.
Evangelist W. R. Bair closed his series
of successful meetings in West Oakland
last night. As=f=iEted by a large number
of recent converts, he will hold a meet
ing at the Chester-street Church next
Tuesday jiicht.
N. A. Jacks of the Oakland Young
Men's Christian A?sociatlon spoke at the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church thiF morn
ing. His text was "A Curious Old Testa
ment Story and Its Lepsons."
Rev. Stephen R. Wood, pastor of the
Plymouth-av«iue Congregational Church,
ppoke before a large congregation to
night upon "If Any Man Thirst."
MrF. Charlton Edholm, the noted res
rue worker, occupied the pulpit of the
Fourth Congregational Church this morn-
The Rev. A. T. Needham of the Eighth
avenue Methodist Church spoke upon
"The Saloon, the Curse of the Home and
the Enemy of the State." this evenlnp.
His discourse was a powerful argument
against the liquor traffic.
CONGRESS OF RELIGIONS
HEARS ABOUT SPIRITS
Mrs. R. H. Lillie Advocates the
Claims of Modern Spiritualism
Before a Large Audience.
OAKLAND. Feb. IS.— Mrs. R. M. LUlle
lectured on "The Claims of Spiritualism
on the Modern World" to-night, as the
exponent of that belief, in the Congress
of Religions being held at the Unitarian
church. She was listned to by an audi
ence that occupied every foot of available
space in the large edifice and many peo
ple were compelled to stand. The speaker
reviewed the history of spiritualism, and
said that it was co-existent with man
kind.
Mrs. Llllie was frequently applauded
during- the course of her remarks. She
spoke for fully an hour and made an ex
ceedingly able address.
BLEEDING TO
DEATH IN THE
FERRY DEPOT
Unknown Man Sud
denly Stricken.
•
DIED AT RECEIVING HOSPITAL
»
SUPPOSED TO BE B. WELSH OP
DOS PALOS FARM.
Some Drafts in Hi 3 Pocket Giva
Meager Evidence of the Iden
tity of the Unfor
tunate.
»
An unknown man was found uncon
scious at the ferry building about 7
o'clock last night, suffering from a severe
attack of hemorrhage of the lungs. He
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Carpenter endeavored to
restore him. For a while the patient ral
lied, but suddenly he collapsed, and he
died at half past 7 without having re
gained consciousness.
Among the effects of tho dead man
were thre drafts dated at Dos Paloa
farm in favor of R. Welsh for wages as
a harness-maker and drawn on Miller &
Lux.and a bank-book Issued by the. Hlber
nla Savings and Loan Society of San
Francisco in the name of Richard Welsh,
showing a balance of $1750.
Deceased was about 40 years of age and
of medium height and weight. The body
was removed to the Morgue, where an
autopsy, performed by Dr. Leland.
showed pulmonary tuberculosis as the
cause of death.
• Were it not for the blias of 'ignorance
some peoDle would always be unhaoov.
Social of Firemen.
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— The fifth annual
social of the Exempt Firemen's Associa
tion of Oakland will be held Saturday
evening at Loring Hall. Dancing will
commence at 8:30 o clock. ' . >
Radway's
1 Pills
Purely vecwtable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels KMneys. Bladder, Femala Ir-
rejrularHl*"*. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and alt derangements of tha
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At DruarzUts. at
by mall. RAOYTAT & CO.. New Tor*
Cakewalk by Children.
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— One of the most
interesting features of the entertainment
given by the German Ladles' Relief So
ciety last night was the Juvenile cako
walk. It was participated In by Hazel
Van Haltrcn and Master George Weaver
GuF&ie Katz and Billie Rademan. May
Hughes and Master Charles -Hughes
Charles Hughes acted as drum-major.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
mOM RAN FRANCISCO f¦} yWgnjAlW.. Aprtl N. UN
T-1.,.-., C-TTITTI T- B. B. IAJKA April SU, 1»W»
TT u om »•« "rainier- **, ». i«»
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAM nuKOBCO v» B ' S ' " ST - PAUL '" May 2<th
A Steamer V/11l Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROMSEATTU3 6- s - "BERTHA," commenctn*; April Bth
AND MONTHLT THEREAFTER.
For B«r fold*™, mar* and fartl»er particular. •» to freight and pass&ffe. apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL. COMPANT. IWBawow rtreet. San Francisco. Cal. -.¦ _ I
Tor 6e*tUe «silisn apply to CAPT. JAS. CABBOIA Mutual Uf» Bulidln*. gee.Ute.Waah.
No Tips to Friends.
"A tip to a friend! Not on your life!**
said a veteran New Orleans broker, chat
ting over cigars and coffee in a reßtau
rant last night. "I've responded on hard
luck stories as often as the next fellow,"
he continued earnestly, "and I'll do it
again, but a tip on the market— no! I
wouldn't give it if I knew it was a lead
pipe cinch and the other chap needed the
money to buy bread. That sounds hard,
and it's the result of hard experience.
When I was young and green I used to
put folks next to T good tilings' now and
then, and there was never a case— not
one— in which I didn't have reason to
curse my folly. In the first place, nobody
who gets a secret of that kind Is going
to keep it. One day years ago— Just to
givo you an illustration— a man who was
an old friend of my father and who was
badly down on his luck, came to ask my
private advice on a Tittle speculative in
vestment. I took him into my back of
fice, swore him to secrecy, ana gave him
a piece of Information of considerable
value. I instructed him exactly what to i
do and impressed upon him that the least '
leak would ruin the whole thing, and in- j
cidentally destroy his own chances of \
making some money. I was so earnest j
that he got Indignant and asked me if I
meant to Insult him by doubting his word.
Well, inside of an hour he had told the
secret, in strict confidence,' of course, to
two particular friends, each of whom
proceeded to tell it In strict confidence to
other particular friends, giving me as the
authority all along the line, and before
night it was public property. You may
Imagine in what sort of position I wa3
placed. Men who had lost thousands of >
dollars through my indiscretion didn't
feel inclined to listen to explanations, and
some of them are my enemies to this day
I don't blame them.. When I took my man
to task he was dumfounded. He swore
by all • that was holy he hadn't said 'a °
word."— New Orleans Times-Democrat.
visit OR. JORDAN'S cheat i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
£% uniuxziT ss. m. fciirjs. s.r.ea i
C The Larrnt Anatomical MiMeum in the \
'rj- We*ML VxakMttes or aay contracted m
I^ 8 I SpsaalUi cs the Coaa. E*t 36 ye*r»
$&f*h DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES *
¦ £Cv3^j} Coiualririon fm and itrirtiT prhrioe \
a J&>3t D T '« ltlnent personally <•» by Utter. A A
¦\fE> J Pt.tn* CWata every cat* lautertakea. \
F•/ lift* w rite for Book. rßlLaworiVtl i
1 I 17 "*»»i*tis. mailbo rass. uf
A H ' mluabta book fa* arm) \
DR. JORDAN A CO.. ICil Market St.. & P. 7
Berkeley Church News.
BERKELEY, Feb, 18.— A large audience
listened to a sermon by Professor Elstor
on "The Influence of Christian Life," this
morning at American Hall.
"Our Hiding Place" was the morning
theme of Rev. R. L. Halsey, pastor of the
First Baptist Church, while in the even
ing the pastor discoursed on "Behold
Your King."
Miss Mary Lion occupied the pulpit in
the Church of the Nazarene, her theme
being a "Life of Faith."
Rev. George B. Hatch of the First Con
gregational Church delivered a sermon in
the evening on the "Life and Work of
Dwlght L. Moody,"
At Park Congregational Church Rev.
E. B. Bradley spoke on "The Power of
Influence."
At the First Unitarian Church Rev. F.
L. Hosmer discoursed nn "Washington
and Lincoln" at the morning service.
"Work Out Your Own Salvation," in the
morning, and "The Prodigal Son," In the
evening, were the themes of Rev. Ben
jamin F. Sargent at the Congregational
church.
Rev. J. R. Knodell preached in the
morning at Trinity M. E. Church on "An
Inheritance of Shame and Danger." In
the evening the pastor. Rev. C. X
Jenness, gave the first of a series of ser
mons on the "Higher Criticism."
"DR. BILL" AT THE
MACDONOUGH
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— The fourth week
of the stock company at the Macdonough
will commence with the presentation of
the great comedy success, "Dr. Bill." it
will be most artistically mounted and cos
tumed. It is full of laughable incidents
from start to finish, and at no time does
interest in the many laughable situations
wane.
MUNYON'S INHALER
CURES
CATARRH
£> Colds, Coughs*
d^| Hay Fever, Bron-
S&chitis, Asthma
jpiand all Diseases
P§/ °* the Throat and
W Lungs.
Clone!* of . Utdicmted Vapor ¦ ar* . Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from ta» nos-
trils, cleansing and Ttporlzin? all tn« inflame!
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
cedlcino takes into tt« stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— It heals the ravt
¦places->-It goes to the seat of disease— lt acts as
a balm and tonic to the whole system— Jl.oo at
druggist* or sent by mail. ISQS Arch St^ ThiU*
PAID FOR WHEAT
AND GOT CHAFF
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— Albert Boschan.
an East Oakland peddler, was arrested by
Captain Wilson to-day on the charge of
perpetrating one of the most unique swin
dles that has ever occurred in Oakland.
His victim, Mrs. M. Haymaker, says he
managed to sell her thirty bushels of
chaff under the plea that it was wheat.
The prisoner went to her yesterday and
represented that he had a bargain in
cereals. She was shown a handful of gen
uine wheat, and upon the representation
that his wagon contained a load of similar
goods she paid Boschan for thirty bush
els and he unloaded that amount of chaff
in the barn in the rear of the houpe.
As soon as the fraud was discovered the
police were notified and the Bwlndler was
arrested.
LABOR AND INDUSTRY.
Wisconsin's tobacco crop will yield $5,
000,000.
About $50,000,000 worth of rubber was ex
ported from Brazil last year.
During the present year over $20,000,000
has been invested in the zinc and lead
mines of Missouri.
It is said that labor will be represented
in the next Ohio Legislature by twenty
three farmers, a puddler, molder, engi
neer, metal polisher, miner and a carpen
ter.
Co-operative factories in Great Britain
last year made profits aggregating over
$1,00u,000 on a capital of a little over $11.
000,000. This is more than 10 per cent on
the investment.
Large quantities of Alabama coal are
still being shipped down the Mississippi
River for points in Louisiana and lower
Mississippi, more especially to New Or
leans. The traffic bids fair to be main
tained through the winter.
The annual report of Factory Inspector
James Campbell of Pennsylvania for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 1539, shows
that there were 152.270 more persons em
ployed in the manufacturing establish
ments under the supervision of the fac
tory Inspector In 1599 than IS9B. Mr.
Campbell says that If the demand for
skilled workmen and laborers could be
supplied the increase would be greater.
.<*«'hile one group of inventors fa at work
on Uquld air as a motive power, with a
temperature enormously below zero, an
other makes a claim of remarkable merit
for superheated water In light and heavy
transportation. The water is heated In
upright steel tubes to 150 degrees above
the temperature of steam In a locomotive.
When released into an engine it expands
nearly 1000 times and performs the service
required of a storage power.
To-day the south has $1,000,000,000 invest
ed in manufacturing, with an annual out
put valued at 11,600.000,000 and paying $350,
000,000 in wages. Its cotton mills, with
5,000,000 spindles, representing an invest
ment of $125,000,000, already consume year
ly 1.400,000 bales of cotton. It is produc
ing about 2,500,000 tons of piglron a year.
40 ofIO.OOO tons of coal, from 10,000,000 to $11.
000.000 bales of cotton, probably 10,000,000,
000 feet of lumber and 750,000.000 bushels
of grain, and Its railroads, steadily im
proving and increasing in length, have
already a 50,000 mileage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4- Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 1118 Broadway. Feb. 18. i
<£ "?i GARDEN JAMES PAGE of the insane department of the Receiving V
Z \Y(// Hospital had a battle for his life with Kesmilas Jones, a crazy car- I
*> \J\W penter from Fruitvale, at an early hour this morning. Page would i
? probably have been murdered had It not been for the timely appear- y
ance of Steward Borchert. The Warden was taken unawares by the maniac t
and received a number of vicious blows before he had an opportunity to
4 defend himself. Jones was brought into the hospital yesterday. He was &
& quiet until just before making his murderous attack. At half-past three f
? o'clock this morning he woke the Warden from his sleep on the pretext that 7
T he needed a stimulant, and as soon as the attendant entered the room where J,
J the Insane carpenter was confined Jones rushed at him and yelled, "Now I've 1
<£> got you where I want you, and I'm going to kill you." With that he struck «S>
t Page a blow on the face that partly stunned him. The Warden fell across t
a table and before he could recover himself the maniac began to beat the V
X prostrate official on the head. «>
4 Page ehouted for help and Steward Borchert responded. He arrived Just f
? as Jones had a chair uplifted and ready to strike. Jones turned on the ¦ T
? newcomer and tried to overcome him. but Borchert is a man of powerful phy-
$ pique, and after a desperate encounter he overcame the madman and, with a
X Page's help, finally strapped him to a bed. He has been in a frenzy ever since A
and threatens to kill himself and everybody else whom he sees. The War- <>
tden has several ugly bruises on his face to-day. He says in the future he T
will be more careful. X
*! Jones will probably be ordered sent to an asylum to-morrow. Until he be- I
X came afflicted with a desire to kill people, it is said, the demented man had 414 1
? always been of a peaceable disposition. He is very religious and Is sup- ?
4> posed to have become insane over the study of the Bible.
Mrs. Prescott. This is the third case of
a similar nature that the society of which
the latter is the representative has re
lieved in Oakland In the past three
months.
MOTHER DESERTS
HER THIRTEEH
YEAR-OLD CHILD
Little One Was Foot
sore and Weary.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 18.
Deserted by her mother and footsore
from walking. 13-year-old Maggie Bas
quez wearily walked into Oakland last
Wednesday evening and told a pitiful
story to the police officers. The forlorn
child was later placed in the custody of
Mrs. Lydia Prescott, the local agent of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, and that lady is now en
deavoring to locate the parent and have
her look after the child.
The mother lives somewhere in San
Jose. She is a widow, and several days
ago Fhe took her daughter to some insti
tution in San Francisco. The manage
ment of that place sent the girl to some
family in the country. The child be
came homesick last Wednesday morning
and ran away. After walking all day she
reached this city and attracted the atten
tion of a policeman by her pitiful crying.
"I don't know where I was in the city
and do not know who I was with In the
country." she said. "I want to go back
to my ma in San Jose. She lives at 92
Vine street."
Should the mother refuse to take charge
of the girl she will be looked after by
ENGLAND HAS NO BIRTHDAY.
The Only Country in the World
Without a National Holiday.
There Is one country In the world,
and one only, which has no birthday or
national holiday. Nor is that country in
some remote corner of the map— it is Eng
land. Although the Queen's birthday—
May 24 — Is annually celebrated in royal
fashion, it is not a national holiday, and
Englishmen and women have at last
aroused themselves to the fact that they
are quite alone In this respect.
"What day shall we choose for our na
tion's birthday?" they are now asking.
"Shall it be the Queen's birthday or the
day of her ascending the throne, or any
day which she herself shall name?"
There was a movement not long ago to
bring forward St, George's day as tho na
tion's birthday, St. George being Eng
land's patron saint. The birthdays of dif
ferent countries all have very good and
substantial reasons for being.
January 18 Germany celebrates her na
tional holiday, the day when the King of
Prussia was first proclaimed Emperor of
Germany and Prussia.
September 2 is Italy's .birthday, for it
was the day on which Italy became a
united country.
July is a pet month for national birth-
Glass Buttons.
Among the lesser things fashionable but
mighty in importance are the buttons
which are now in evidence upon whatever
manner of gown. The new glass bottons
are eingularly beautiful. They are plain
or cut, and appear in every possible shade,
light or richly toned, in blues and violets,
pink and greens, so much liked. They
are used even on muslin, organdies or lace
frocks, especially for the long polonaises,
and are used all the way down the front—
or the back, as the case may be. The
heart shape is much liked at present, and
comes in pearl or glass. For lace coata
and redingotes the buttons are a decided
feature. Frequently for such use they are
of glass overlaid with gold filagree or of
very handsome pearl.
Speaking of colored glass— lt will be seen
that it forma the handles of the smart
wash parasols which the tailors build to
order to match the duck pique or linen
gowns they turn out in such smart perfec
tion. These parasols are. by the way.
most fashionable when of five instead of
seven gores. Very smart, too, even for
young women, this season are the tiny
second empire carriage parasols, all ruf
fled and lace-llke in effect.— Boston Post.
MODERN COATS OF MAIL.
Curious Story of the Way British
Officers Protect Themselves.
To the uninitiated the days of armor
have long since gone, but a visit to a
certain firm situated In the "West End of
London will reveal the fact that hundreds
of vests of mail are sold annually to offi
cers In the British army. The maker is
a well-known gunsmith, and a large por
tion of his income Is derived not from
manufacturing guns, but through the sale
of armor to officers.
As a general rule the mall la Inclosed
in a leather casing, which is sewn inside
the tunic, so as to be invisible unless the
garment is picked to pieces. And the
same with helmets — a similar device Is
fixed as lining bo as to give additional
protection in case of need. Some officers
are not above wearing mall vests under
neath their tunics and perfectly obvious
to their comrades, who, although they
may scoff In time of peace, would be only
too glad to don one themselves when in
the middle of hostilities.
The majority of the maker's customers
are officers, because the suits are very ex
pensive, costing about Jol each. Neverthe
less some "Tommies" are prepared to
spend that amount in order to insure
themselves to a certain extent against the
enemy's spent bullets. Against a modern
bullet, fired at short distance, of course,
these suits of armor are next to useless,
although they may be instrumental In
turning its course or stopping its pene
trating power.
During the Chinese-Japanese war of
1593 the maker in question sent out sev
eral hundred suits of armor, which were
eagerly bought up by the combatants at
a heavy price. During the American war
of last year he did the same thing; It was
not so successful, for he found he had
been forestalled by Yankee firms, and
such officers in the American army as had
intended going in for suits of mail had al
ready obtained them- He then offered his
goods to the Spaniards, who proved to be
good customers and were prepared to pay
a good price for the luxury.
A notable instance of the value of mall
occurred during the battle of Omdurrr.an,
last September. One officer, who Is well
known, got into the thick of the fight and
was slashed on all sides by the dervishes.
His men were surprised to see that he had
escaped all the force of the blows, expect
ing to see him fall from his horse every
minute, a mass of wounds. After the bat
tie was over, however, he appeared per
fectly unscathed, except for a few slight
wounds on the chest. Then he revealed
the suit of mail which covered him and to
which he owed his life. — London Globe.
Lawrence Again Arrested.
HAYWARDS. Feb. IS.— Joseph Law
rence, who was arrested several days ago
at the Instance of Frank Kelly, on a
charge of assault and battery, has once
more been taken Into custody. Kelly is
again the complainant. He charges the
prisoner with assault with a deadly
weapon.
The two men have been enemies for
a long time, and durinp a recent alterca
tion it is claimed that Lawrence at
tempted to shoot Kelly.
HOLMES CONCERT
IN HEARST HALL
BERKELET Feb. 18.— Members of the
senior class of the University of Califor
nia were Mrs. Hearst's guests at the con
cert In Hearst Hall this afternoon. A flne
programme was rendered, the singing of
Mrs. Birmingham being especially praise
worthy. The programme was as follows:
Fragments of a string quartet (Mendelssohn),
(a) andante., con varlazoni. fb) scherso: senses,
<a) "Der Dopplegaunser" (Schubert), (b) "Der
Nussbaum" (Schumann), (c) "There Was An
Ancient King" (Henschel); string quartet, in
D minor, op. posth. (Schubert), allegro, I an
dante con raoto, scherzo, allegro molto, presto.
The Holmes quartet rendered selections
in its usual masterly manner. Miss Con
stance Jordan was the accompanist.
"Old Guard" High Jinks.
OAKLAND. Feb. IS.— The fifth reunion
and high Jinks of the "Old Guard," ex
members of Company A, N. G. C., will be
held at the Armory next Wednesday
night. A good old camp fire time Is to be
had and all members are expected to be
present. It will be under the management
of President George C. Pardee and Secre
tary D. J. Hallahan.
LUNATIC ASSAULTS
WARDEN JAMES PAGE
SOUGHT TO KILL
HIS WIFE WITH
A BREAD-KNIFE
George Alexander Vio
lently Mad.
REASON LOST FROM SICKNESS
»
FORMERLY A PROMIITENT BUSI
NESS MAN OF THIS CITY.
Timely Arrival of Hia Physician Pre
vents Him Executing His Mur
derous Intentions—Paraly
sis Follows Insanity.
?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 18.
George Alexander of the former hard
ware firm of Osborn & Alexander of San
Francisco became a raving maniac to
night and tried to kill his family with a
knife. Dr. W. D. .Huntington arrived Just
In time to overpower the man. Alexander
then Buffered a stroke of paralysis that
deprived him of speech.
Alexander retired from business som«
time ago, and two months since suffered
a slight stroke of apoplexy. Dr. W. D.
Huntington has been attending him and
he seemed to grow better. To-night a sud
den change came, and without any warn
ing he became moat violent. Only his wife
and a female nurse were in the house at
the time, and they were unable to control
him. He raved about the house and sud
denly made for the pantry, where he
seized a large bread knife with a thin,
keen blade.
Just at this moment Dr. Huntington ar
rived on his regular evening visit. Had
he been a moment later he would have
found either a murder or a suicide. The
doctor grasped the situation and the ma
niac at the same moment. He threw
Alexander across a chair and then
dropped him on the floor. He managed to
hold him there until police aid could be
called. It took three men to take Alex
ander to the Insane ward of the Receiving
Hospital. He was there put in a strait
jacket until a Btroke of paralysis deprived
him of the power of speech and also of
motion.
guests at supper. They will spend their
honeymoon in the East.
DISEASED AND
SOUGHT DEATH
Tragic End of Lawyer
Johnson.
BULLET PIERCED HIS HEART
»
PREFERRED DEATH TO LOSS
OF MENTAL FACULTIES.
The Body Was Found by the Japan
ese Servant Lying in a Pool of
Blood on the Back
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. IS.
Charle* S. Johnson, the well-known at
torney, committed suicide to-day by
shooting himself through the heart. The
act was caused by dementia, due to ty
phoid fever. Nobody was near the strick
en m&a when he fired the fatal shot, and
the body was not discovered until some
lime alter life had become extinct.
The dead man was a bachelor 57 years
of age. He was admitted to the bar In
San Francisco thirty-five years ag-o, and
was a practitioner In that city until two
years ago, when he suffered an attack of
typhoid fever, which left his mind im
paired. Since then he has lived in retire
meat at hia residence in Fruitvale. called
Brook Fide. The only other occupant of
the house was a Japanese servant.
The servant had just returned from
Oakland this morning when he stumbled
upon the prostrate form of his employer
lying in a pool <>f blood upon the porch
in the near of hi? house: By the side of
the dead man waj* an old-fashioned re
volver. One chamber was empty. The
deceased h:id placed the muzzle of the
veapon close to his breast. An examina
tion shewed that the bullet had gone
pquareJy through the heart- It came out
about two inches below the left arm-pit
and was found in his clothing.
The deceased was the son of the late
Sidney L. Johnson, who was one of the
f.rst lawyers to commence the practice of
his profession in San Francisco. The de
ceased was born in Bowling Green, Ky.,
but came to California with h!«vparents
when tie was an Infant. Ile£Ri& been
v«ry despondent of late, an L had fre
quently told his frlenda he /*ould kill
himself unless his health improved. They
looked upon his threats as the petulant
utterances of a sick man, and lor that
reason no close watch was kept upon his
movements.
Johnson was a man of considerable
¦wealth, and until his mind became Im
paired he was a lawyer of great ability.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an Inquest
to-morrow night, and the funeral •will be
held Tuesday afternoon.
TO BE CHOSEN FOR HIGH OFFICE
IN THE ORDER OF B'NAI B'RITH
was Invited to address the convention. It
recommended that an appeal be made to
Jewish parents stating the aim and ob
jects of the order and of the auxiliary
lodges, and requesting such Jewish
parents to have the members of their
families become members of the order.
In the evening the convention took up
the consideration of -the reports of the
finance and library committees, which
were made a special order of business.
The finance committee— H. P. Bush, chair
man; I* Llppman and Philip Flatow—re
ported that for the first time in many
years there was a net balance In the
Grand Lodge fund, which amounts to
$249 16, arising from excess of per capita
tax and unexpended appropriations. This
announcement was received with great
applause.
In its report the library committee — H.
Enkle, chairman; Max Goldberg and Wal
lace A. Wise — gaid: "We are pleased to be
able to state that the library is constant
ly widening its sphere of usefulness, and
that its patronage is steadily on the In
crease. The committee has purchased all
books on Jewish subjects obtainable. Dur
ing the year many valuable additions
have been made to the reference depart
ment. A set of works on the natural sci
ences has been added, and these, taken
with the encyclopedic and educational
volumes on hand, constitute a working li
brary sufficient for the requirements of
advanced students."
The treasurer of the library committee
showed receipts of $2005 83 and disburse
ments of $1997 74. There are 10.572 vol
umes In the library and the circulation
during eleven months was 22,321.
The officers for the ensuing year will
be elected to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock. Lucius L. Solomons will un
doubtedly be chosen grand president and
George Samuels first vice president. There
is considerable friendly rivalry for the
position of second vice president, which
la the stepping Btone to the highest honor
In the gift of the Grand Lodge, that of
grand president. It Is extremely prob
able, however, that all the candidates
will retire in favor of Marcus Rosenthal.
days, and starts off with July 1, which the
Canadians keep as the date upon which
their present constitution was given.
July 14 Is France's national holiday, or
the day the Bastile was taken, and our
own national holiday Is July 4.
Mohammedans keep November 10 — Mo
hammed's birthday.
Every country, of course, has Its fete
days, often miscalled "national holidays."
For example, In England Primrose day,
April 19, is often called a national holi
day as well as St. Patrick's day In Ire
land, and October 24, which the Irishman
honors In gala fashion as turfcutters' day,
when peat as a fuel was discovered. The
Welsh celebrate Ascension day with much
pomp and circumstance, nor will any one
In that country work on that day, believ
ing that a fatal accident will cut off thone
who go to their dally labor as usual.—
Chicago Chronicle.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CONVENTION OF
THE ORDER OF
B'NAI B'RITH
Lodges in Flourishing
Condition.
FAVORABLE REPORTS READ
MOBE THAN ONE HUNDRED
DE!LEGATES ATTEND. ; -
»
Healthy Tone of Widow and Orphan
Beneficiary Fund— Three New
Subordinate Lodges Or
ganized.
The thirty-seventh annual convention of
District Grand Lodge No. 4, I. O. B. 8.,
met yesterday morning at B'nal B'rith
Hall on Eddy street. More than one hun
dred and twenty-live delegates, represent
ing subordinate lodges from all parts of
the Pacific Coast, were present when Grand
President Sig Sichel called the meeting to
order. After roll call and the presenta
tion of acceptance of credentials the fol
lowing appointments of special commit
tees were announced by the chairman:
Library — Marcus Rosenthal (chairman), Julius
Ifraeleky. Henry Schwartz. Denver hospital —
Benjamin Schlosa (chaiiman), Isaac Swett. H.
Marks. Memorlam — A. W. Edelman (chair
man). I. Qumbert. 8. L. Baer. Printing— H.
Mauser (chairman). S. S. Green, Albert Graupe.
Optional endowment— Past Grand President E.
I. Wolfe (chairman), Herman Lesser. Elkan
Morgenstern, M. H. Wascerwltz, IL Rubin.
In his annual address Grand President
Slchel reviewed the year's history of the
district, which shows a net gain in the
membership both beneficiary' and non
beneflclary.
"This increase," said the president, "Is
due to the accession of three new lodges
and the rehabilitating of another at Spo
kane. The pioneer lodge in Idaho was
organized at Boise City on November 28,
1899. Two lodges were also instituted at
Baker City, Or., and at Los Angeles."
The afternoon session was principally
devoted to the reading of official reports,
all of which, proved the order to be in a
flourishing condition. Grand Secretary
Aschheim's report showed the net present
beneficiary membership 'of District No. 4
to be 2073; non-beneficiary, 353. The three
Youths" Auxiliary Lodges have 121 names
enrolled. There is the sum of $120,630 03 to
the credit of the widow and orphan bene
ficiary fund, against which there are un
paid benefits amounting to $16,000.
Following is the recapitulation of re
ceipts and disbursements of the subordi
nate lodges for the .year 1599:
Balance of assets. December 31, IS9S, J90.598 21;
receipts during 18S9, $111,644 »2; total. $202,243 13.
Expenditures: Assessments to widow and
orphan beneficiary fund. $73,403 20; ; bene
fits to sick. $12,573 S3; nurse hire,
$402 80; funeral expenses, $3509 90; dona
tions to members, 1132S 10; donations to breth
ren. $135; donations to non-members. $265:
dUtrict grand lodge dues. $8324 05; constitution
Grand Ix>dfre dues, $693 50; assessments to board
of relief, $146 20; other expenses, $12.15S 34;
total. $110,973 97; net assets, $91,267 16; net gain
for the year, $668 95.
Grand Treasurer Benjamin Harris" re
port showed that J.'iS.-US 07 were received
and $$8,013 3S expended during last year,
leaving a balance of $404 69.
The report of Grand Trustees Simon'
Hochstadter, Max Marcuse and Julius
Platschek showed that the Grand Lodge
has the sum of $IS,4.'U 02 to its credit in
various banks, besides real estate on
Twenty-eighth and Noe streets and a iot
on Natoma street,- on which the trustees
believe it is now an inopportune time to
realize. The B'nai B'rith Hall Association
has made excellent progress this year, de
claring 4 per cent dividends besides mak
ing many improvements:
The report of the committee on consti
tion and Gramt Lodge entertainment—Jo
seph RotshchilcJ, chairman, L. L. Solo
mons, Sol Zeklnd, H. P. Bush. Herman
Enkle, H. Gustadt and Henry Schwartz
showed a credit of $ISG9 20. The amount
actually subscribed Is $4575, of which
$3000 was made payable only on condition
that the convention should be held In
this city.
A delegation from the Youths' Auxiliary
#s^2r la 1 to»«*7*.lH VVhite*, unnatural li*.
£fflf O««rmM~4 ¦ charge*, or «ny inila-nrEa.
Sp^W not to wrtetara. "¦ tion, , irritation or nicer*-
»*j-gPr»Ttatj ooaugiaa. tlon ct nnooai men*
fift^THEEYAN3CHE\l'£iina br *n»«. Noo-Mtrtzueni.
ygAcmcmuao .ESS Sold •»* *>»»*si»t*.
C. 1. a Vim o' «*nt ia plain wr»pr«r,
A^ffirSS^ £7 «pr»M, Diypatd. id
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
WwM\\ than one^ half the h
&sJjM[d cost Is an achieve- j|
k^sp?TJ ment we are proud p
& i|§l Ji| SO enp^— 3O cts. n
KV>*^£kLrl ASK YOCR OROCSB. S3
tiiJ^^tea^ D« 6HIRARD3LLI 00. U
It Is 'for the special benefit of the
members of the League of tho Sacred
Heart, a religious organization which .
numbers some 76,000,000 throughout the
world, and some 15,000 In this city," all
banded together for the purpose of
doing honor to the Sacred , Heart of
Christ, as well as praying perpetually
for the conversion of sinners. ; Chari
table work Is also an Important part
of the efforts of the members of the
organization. ;: r i •"£.: "-. . ¦•¦
7
NEARLY three hundred fair
members of the League . of the
Sacred Heart crowded the La
dies' Sodality chapel attached to
St. Ignatius Church yesterday and
participated In the solemn consecra
tion of the statue of the Sacred
Heart. The occasion was an impor
tant one and was marked with fervent
prayer, beautiful music and an elo
quent sermon.
Services were conducted by Rev.
H. A.oods, S. J., the zealous . and
learned spiritual director of the league
in San Francisco. An appropriate
song by the choir opened the cere
monies, after which prayers were of
fered. Father Woods then ascended
the pulpit and delivered an earnest
talk on the significance of the statue
and"the~reasons why It should be rev
erenced by members. He called atten
tion to the manner In which the
hands were uplifted to heaven In
supplication, and used this point to
emphasize that Christ pleaded for
their knowledge of his divine heart
and the love In which he holds man
kind.
At the conclusion of his strong ad
dress Father Woods read a number of
prayers and blessed the statue with
holy water. The services were con
cluded with the singing of a hymn.
The statue is a rare work of art by
Delen Freres, the celebrated Parisian
sculptor. It stands five feet high' and
represents Christ pleading to human
ity for their love. It Is Tlch In color
ing and Is a striking work of its kind.
It has been placed Immediately over
the tabernacle and adds beauty to the
handsome anDointments of the altar.SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Frandsct
Cell, comer of Market and Third streets, opet
until « o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IZ7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cr^n until S:S3 p. ns.
S r O Hayes street: open until 9:33 p. ra.
C 23 McAllister street: cpen ur.:ll ?:!' p. m.
Cl 5 LvkSa street; open until >:30 p. m.
1«1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
TXI Market street, comer Sixteenth; opes
«rt:: S r- m.
:<•« Eievenih rtreet: open until 9 r- m.
ifH Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
ITS Polk street; open until 6 p. m.
Northwest ccrr.er of Twenty-second and Ken-
t'j-fcy r'.ref.s: «-pe" r-*-i:r -*- i: ? P- m -
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
r.o fe« without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. ST-o Market, cor. Stijcktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON, S£7 Market rt., opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
mswd practice at 6C3 Cal. tt.. Clunie bldg.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Fprerkeis bldg.. 977 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees ln advance.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commanfiery No. 16. K. „ •*-_
T.— Sitted assembly THIS EVENING &*?*
at £ o'clock. £25 Sutter et. The Order cf £_2
the Temple will be conferred by Past
'3on:rna=ierE. All frat-rs arc invited. w
J. C. CAMPBELL, E. C.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Cfcanter Na. 1. Royal _ja\_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. T&JC
Euslnegg. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. /V'
OCCID ENTAL Loise No. a, F. and A. fIT~
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _#%_
7:SJ o'clock. Third degree. Master TC/f
Masons cordially invited. By crier of /V >
the W. U.
WALTER O. ANDERSON'. Sec
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M-. Franklin Hail. F*.:imore st.. ,#%_
£-»fn-eer. Bush er.i Su::er— Third degree "JC3f
THIS EVENING at 7:30. /V>
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Loige No. 1. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation MONDAY E^'EN-^^f<>^
ING. February 13. Visitors wel-
come. WM TROTTER. N. G. -yA***
THE Califcrnla Debris Commission having re-
ceiveJ applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks In the Badger Hill
r-.;r.e. near Spar.ish Ranch. Pl-jmas County.
to deposit tailings in Whitlock ravine: from
Manuel Leal, in the Ur.icn mine, in New
York Township. Yuba County, to deposit
• . :-.c? on New York Flat: from Walter E.
Peterson, in the Manila Placer rr.lne. near
Igo. Shasta County, to deposit tailings in a
worked-cut ptt, and from the Chercke«
Grave! and Gold Mining Company, in the
«""herokee gravel mine, near Carters. Tuo-
lismre County, to deposit tailings ln Bear
«"reek. rive* notice that a meeting will bs
le'.J at room i>. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on March 5. IW. at 1:SO p. m.
ASTROLOGY.
PHOF. A MASI'RY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rirt ar.3 palmist In the world; satisfaction
ruarnrteed. <S7 Gclflen Gate aye. j
HOARD AND ROOMS.
A PEAUTIFUL sur.ny suite with board; also i
s'.nrle looms; convenient Sacramento. Hyde 1
or Jackscn street lint; private family. 13JS (
Jones st. I
NEW family hotel: first-class In all appoint- ;
ments; exretlent table: special inducements to ;
e*!ert people. S"7 California et., occupying j
comer opposite Grace Church. j
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market rt.— E!e- I
ffar.t!y furnished sunny rooms: en suite cr sin- j
s?!e; with or without beard; table first-class; !
reduced rates. ¦
PRIVATE family has an elegantly furnished
flat: will rent sur.r.y front room with board to j
coarle; central. Adflress box 5551. Call.
XSUSH. t!24 — Elecar.t rooms and J-r>ard. $30 op; j
reception room: grounds; no children. j
GUERRERO. 114— Sunny furnished cr unfur- I
r.lslie-: r<~~:rr.s to let with beard. j
I_AP PALIIAS. J?2« Market st.— Suite cf I or : j
rrr.s : private: hnth: sin. rms.: board optional. !
VAN 9TESS. S4t (The Wallace)— Rocrns and .
boar!: reasonably; modern conveniences.
DOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADT rrlth grotrn Tamil:" wishes young ch'.M to
boarf: good home; reasonable. Box 351?. Call.
GOOT> heme for 2 children over 2 years old.
2178 Perry rt. j
BOOK! NEW AND OLD.
. _.._. .. .... rur . -..,.,. I
ICHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchamredT |
Hrlrres 80/-k Co.. TC4 Mission St.. rw.r Third. ;
DOOT AMI SHOE HU(<aiV>.
6END for cur price list; It's chuck full of bar-
gains: we ray the freight on country orders.
PEOPLE' S STORE. 1303 Stockton st.. j
near Broadway.
Bcsxancsa chances.
A— Jilt*: DAIRY and route: 13 cows. 4 hcrses,
I rr.ilk wtcon. 1 cart. etc. ; Include ID -ceres •
errp cf barley hay; business f-stablifched 20 ;
years. R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market St.. ra. S. |
A— s-'-SC; RESTAURANT and chop house en '
Ftocktoc st.; estab:. many years and clearing !
• boie $15C- per month. Call room S, 506 Mar- !
ket st. R. G. WILKE. !
A.—sSZi>: DELICACY «nd dairy business, kept i
fey rresrr.t owner fcr S years; a splendid bu?l-
ness: offer; place clearing about $!*C per co. j
_ *0€ Market tt.. rocra !>. R. G. WILKE.
A— s4JOo: CORNER grocery, on one of the prtn^ .
ciral business streets of this city; first-class ;
r*>':r:g: cr-ly cafli trade; etock all fresh: will :
lnvcice the trice; a splendid and rare chance. :
Particulars, R. G. WILKE. :<x Market st.. !
room S.
A— s4>; PARTNER wanted ln saloon on O'Far-
rell and Stocktoa sts. Call R. G. WILKE. j
rcrrn £. &.< Market st. /
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Third et.. rear Call bldg. R. G. WILKE. I
roctn E. SCC Market st.
Ji—lliOC: SALOON; choice location on Keamy [
et. ; splendid business effer. Call R. G. i
WILKE. room (•. 906 Market st. j
A-SUGO: BAKERY on Polk et.: baking IS !
barrels; all store trade; daily receipts above j
$25: rent $2S. Call R. G. WILKE. Si-i Market, j
A— *JOC; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on !
Pclk St.: splendid paying business and good i
fetock os hand. R. G. t\ ILKK. &0« Market.
A SALOON on water iror,i, with 4 years' lease; j
fine fixtures: large stock: rushing business: j
ro better location on East Ft.; splendid ;
cr.ar.ro. R. G. WILKE. X* Market »t.
HOTEL; central Alameda County: large lot; \
hotel IS raorrs and bar; also cottage, stable, j
*tc: hncse furnished; only hotel in town: st ;
railroad der>ot £3 miles from this city: price 1
ZXMO; easy terras. 11. 11. CRANE. SCS Call- '
fcraia Ft. . j
ETORE and residence property with large let i
in town, Alameda County; only COCt; a bar- i
gain. H. H. CRANE, EOS California ft.
15-ROOM hcxrse; a snap $sto !
S*>-roora houre: a bargain : $1000 |
A ct;ar store; fine location $500 j
A barber «hor> and clear store $550 j
A branch bakery; rare bargain $150 |
A CTGcrTy and tar: a snap JCOQ
Fine t-«kerr in good location $1000 ;
MITCHELL & ADAMS. &06 Market et.
1500— BAKERY: best part cf Western Addition: i
« living-rooms ; hcrses; wagons: owner owns |
lldg: win give lease. M. LESS. 765 Market, i
$S.V»— CORNER salcon doing g-%od business: j
r.ecr Market *t.:fuH investigation Invited; a •
bargain if cc! 4 at cr.ee. M. LESS. ~CZ Market, j
JITS— PARTNER: legitimate, business; can i
rr.ake «rood wages. CHISEL & CO.. T» Third.
WE buy. sell and exchange city and country
real estate and business chances on commls-
Eicn. J. H. CHISEL & CO.. 79 Third st.
RESTAURANT, complete. $160; good business !
M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market «.. r.r. Call blcg. |
BARGAIN— Grocery 7rii bcr cheap. Liquor '
Ijealers" Journal. E3S I , California et.. room L I
*-CHAIR hrtel barber shop; center of city. Ap- '
ply DECKELMAN EROS.. 106 Ellis rt.
DELICATESSEN and branch bakery for nale: !
rent $15: no reasonable offer refused. Apply i
at ITS Larkin ct. !
WANTED— Ncticn and variety store; must be 1
cheap. Bex X? 2. Call office.
jr<— PARTNER wanted: rood. established
business: no experience: trial riven. 4» Geary.
FOR Es'.e— Grocery 'tore and bar In Mission; i
low rent; 4 Itving rooms. Apply at Broadway I
Brewery. Nineteenth et. and Treat aye.
DRUGGIST with $750 earn can secure half In-
terest with present owner ln central drue
ttcre. Ecx Z^CC. Call.
ENERGETIC roan to loin me Jn lucrative and
w»ll ;-3.y:r.s baslnes*; capital required $500
Addrecs box 7707. Call oflce. Oakland.
WANTED— Party with $5000 to control 7 claims
Ir. richest of Ope Nome district. Address C.
8.. bcx XL Oakland.
FOR taie— Light giocery; no bar: or will ex-
change for city property. Box KH. Call offke.
HALF share. $100; money-making Invention.
Call Monday afternoon. IIO< Market, office to. -
OLD established restaurant for sale: either
half Interest or as a whole. Address box 2706,
Call office. Oakland.
FURNISHED dining-room wasted by rexpocs!-
tie rarty In hctd: ref. Bex C6O, CalL
UlM\n^ CHANCES— Continued.
> PARTIES who wish to Invest $4500 ln an estab-
, lished business, located for 20 years ln one
place and doing now a legitimate and conserv-
ative business and clearing $250 to $300 per
• month, may hear of such an opportunity by
addressing bex 4224. Call office.
SMALL, but good raying shoe etcre: also work-
shop; work enough to employ 2 steady men;
rr.ust sell cheap, account cf returning to Eu-
rope. MATTERN &. MOORE. 25 New Mont-
j gomery at.
CAPE Norne — We want parties with small cap-
ital who desire to «ro to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Manager, CT2 Market, room 1. San Francisco.
• MARTIN AKONPOHN, Notary Public-Office
with A. M. Speck & Co.. real estate. 657 Mar-
; ket Ft., cor. Third; telephone Main C9SS; resi-
dence 21C2 Gear}' st.
- FOR rent— Large basement salcon: fine location
; downtown: newly fitted up: electric lights;
. i low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
. ! WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
, j FOR tale— Railroad saloon, with property.
stock and fixtures, for sale in Paso Robles.
Fcr • parti ?u!ar« address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Rubles. Cal.
• WANTED— To dispose of State right of Aus-
tralian Vegetable Compound: excellent oppor-
tunity to risht party. MISS DWYER. 917
! Mat ket St.. r>x>m 2.
i BARGAIN' for buyinc or selllnr saloons or any
' j business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Jcutr.al. £3?H California st.. room 1.
COAL oil route fcr eale cheap: parties going
away. Apply office Crystal OH Co., Sl2 Capp
ft., near Eighteenth: phone White 1235.
ESTABLISHED furniture business: bargain for
right man; selling account of sickness. Apply
at 539 Broadway. Oakland.
ROUTE cf 544 papers en this paper for tale.
. Bex 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento «t-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ?200 F'.llmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S« Va-
lencla gt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened '
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the .
ncrthwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: or-en until 9 p. m.
CAJIRIAGES AND WAGONS. .
j TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec- [
! ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
: the business must be closed. 1H& Folsom St.,
; near Eiehth.
'' ALL kinds of iragons. buejrles. carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EGAN fe SON. 2117 Mifslon st.
I NEW & !d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
i ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
j CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING. I
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
i Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama et-: tel. S. 40.
' CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
i STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
! J. McQUEEN'S California Carret Cleaning Co.,
j i:3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
¦ CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie 544.
; J. E. MITCHELL Carret Cleaning Co.. 140 14:h
1 St.; cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter et. :
j tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
; CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 3CS Golden
j Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
! ATTENTION !
Removed ! Removed .
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; 1
full Eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work oui
specialty: ccc our flesh-colored plates, thinnei
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 2<
years: fillings, fipc; crowns, $3 50; all worb
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreH St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 flrsl
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. neat
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonabl;; gas given.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week: we refer tc
&JOO patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 115 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Eet of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings, 25c
DR. C H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia: dental
work reas.; painless extraction: hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenines and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices ln S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mltelon. cor. €th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st
OHIO Dental r'-rlors. Inc.: S rraduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. £50 Market.
P_° G '.TCSPITAL2
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post," FJllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West tli.
EDUCATIONAL. ™~
HEALT/8 Business College, U Post st-.5. % F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
eertng. etc.: new SO- page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
talt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C A..
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
WANTED— A teacher of elocution, competent
to instruct in both German and English. Ap-
ply Dominican Convent. Guerrero st., near
Twenty-fourth.
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL Etudents but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mecb... survey, assay, arohl.; day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day cr eve.; $5 mo. 102t Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a epe-
cialty: English. Spanish. 327 Phelan bid*.
LAW schools. P27 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
j way, Oakland: day nnd night: correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching: day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, ruitar. Prof. M*rkl. success-
ful teacher. lOCS Mission: best methods, results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.D»Fllippe's Acad-
emy of languages.32oPost;est.lS7l:ablef«t profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES ln German. French. Spanish: 12 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. ?04 Taylor.
EHOKTHAND tau.-ht personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 30t Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office,
No. 30 Geary st.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 4*l Post Bt., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post et. : telephone Bush IJS.
I EMPLOYMENT WASTED— UALB.
i TOUNO Italian,- expert in agriculture, partlcu-
> larly olive and grape plantation, experi-
r enced olive oil maker, graduated from the
f Agricultural Institute of Florence, Italy, cc-
' sires position anywhere; good reference. Q.
; CECCANTI. 101SA Montgomery st.
WANTED— By thoroughly trustworthy married
man. Doeitlon as collector or any place of
trust; first-class references as to character,
; ability, etc. Address box 3SS9, Call.
t MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tools, wants light work: wages $10 per
; month; best of reference. Address H. W., ¦SUS
Francisco et.
SITUATION wanted by mlddle-ased man as
' drummer or collector; is very well acquainted
in city; can give good security; best city ref-
: erenceb. Box Kt3. Call.
" SITUATION wanted by man and wife to take
; charge of hotel kitchen and dining room; good
I cooks ani economical managers; city or Oticn-
try. Box 4201. Call.
', WANTED— Situation ln general merchandise
store; several years', experience; good refer-
ences. Box 4227. Call.
YOUNG German engineer and machinist wants
• employment. Address H. G., SU Bryant st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper; cashk-r <;r
otherwise. Address Spreckels, box 420.1, Cili.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122:1 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky wts.: onen until 9 n. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market St.: examination fre«: German
eyewater by mall. EOc. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET. _^_^
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
627 Larkin; 6 r....552 50S18 Buchanan ;S r. 15 00
2537 Cal.; 6 r 15 00 636 Hermann; S r. 15 00
CABTRO. 914— Sunny room*; private; boarding;
large grounds; convenient to trains. -
BOWIE aye., 5, off Eleventh St.— Flat of I
rooms; bay window and hall; cheap rent.
FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; furnished for
housekeeping; rent $20. Apply 140S Bush st.
GROVE, E27. bet. Octavla and Laguna— Lower
Cat; 4 rooms and yard; rent $10.
HAVES. SS7H— Flat of 3 rooms, bath and yard;
rent $3.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MINNA. 1012. nr. 11th— Lower fiat; 4 large :
sunny rooms and yd.; rent $13; newly papered.
NOE. ICs— Elegant new modern upper corner
flat; 6 rooms, bath, basement, yard, 3 bay
windows.
$S— FLAT of 4 rooms; sun all day. Apply £2
Chesley st.
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable rooms; bath:
toilet; 2 begs: gas and coal stoves. 1917 Geary.
FLATS WANTED.
SUNNY flat— 6 rooms and bath: rent not over
$25; responsible party. Address box 3507. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— Furniture rf a 4-room cottage ln
Mission; rent cheap. Box 4225. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for S4* M. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all dies. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x50 Inch rugs,
j $1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-131S Stockton
•t.. near Brradwav: cren evenine*.
HELP AY ANTED — MALE.
WANTED^S "single nXnTraJnersT T260" dayT"?
blacksmith helpers, $45 per month and $2 day;
fanners; 4 milkers. $25 and $S0; 6 woodchop-
pere. $1 75 and $2 75 cord, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento at.
WANTED— Kitchen man. country hotel, $30 to
$35; cook and wife. $50; restaurant second
cook. $45; waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., CS Sacramento St.
EMPLOYERS DO AS OTHERS DO
35,000 EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Do now eend their orders to MURRAY &
READY. £34 and C 36 Clay St.. for skilled and
unskilled help; MURRAY & READY have
each person listed fcr situation for which he
is individually adapted.
Help furnished free cf charge
MURRAY & P.EADY PHONE MAIN SSIS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY 7 A. M
15 pruners for orchards and vineyards
$26 and found
6 grafters for vineyards $20 and found
25 farm, orchard a::d vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $30. «20, $25. $20 and found
9 milkers $30. $30, 525 and found
6 choremen and boys for farms etc
$20. $15. $10 and found
laborers and teamsters, city Jobs
$30, $:S and found
gardener for private family $25 and found
Z stablemen, city and country
$25 and found. $40
driver, milk wagon, city.. boy. private family
choreman. private city residence $20 ar.d fd
MURRAY & READY. 634 and €23 Clay St.
« COOKS $50. $40. $3.% $30. $25 and found
5 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
washer, hand laundry IM and found
MURRAY & READY, 624 and 63S Clay st.
FARMER and wife for a vineyard, boss here
$49 and found
choreman and wife for ranch $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
SEE BOSSES HERE
365 woodchoppers, tlemakers, picket and post
makers, shingle box bolt makers. $2, 50, $2.
$1 60. |l, 75c cord. 12c, lie each. $4 50 per 1000,
fiic each.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Cay st.
S GOLD miners ITS
16 coal miners $3 to $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
BLACKSMITH for a mine $2 SO day
2 blacksmiths, 2 helpers, city and country....
wheelwright and blacksmith. .s43 to $45 and fd
engineer for a ranch, fare EOc $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED
For country hotel
waiters $25 and $30
kitchen hand, same place $20
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Plumber to do some work on ranch, near city,
see party here.
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay sC
C 9 TEAMSTERS, scraper holders, loaders and
dumpmen for the Coast Railroad, Santa Bar-
bara County: free fare: call to-day; ehlp to-
morrow. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1!H Geary St.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy, t"3O Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 101 7th: tel. Jessie IZZ.
GOOD men or women to handle our mail de-
livery box. Inquire Mon. and Tues., 9-11 a.m.
United States Hotel. 123 Eddy Et.
BOYS everywhere to distribute circulars and
samples; gacd pay. Royal Gum Co.. Chicago,
111.
BOY IS to IS years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire between 1 and 2 p.
m. at £13 Market st.
MAN wanted to take orders in country towns:
chance to make frcm $10 to $15 per day. Call
at once at 439 Jessie st.
COATMAKER Tor country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 21 Sutter st.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
aTm. SPECK~&~cb.. £S7 Market st.
15 rms.; Post J7SO 14 rms.; Ellis JSO-
24 rms.: N. fide. 12jO 15 nns.; S. sid» — ~>
4> rxns. : nr. Orpheum. ' Mason, nr. Post.... 57
Money to loan at reduced rates.
A. M. SPECK & C0..i6a7 Market St.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying trensien
house: north of Market: will stand inv€*tiga
tion. Pac. States Realty Co.. SZO Parrottbig
LODGING-HOUSES and good HOTELS a
honest prices; money loaned buyers. Room:
1-2, 917 Market s^
STS WASHINGTON St.. Oakland: 24-roora nous*
for sale cheap: call: see rarty.
$22T— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, far sale
bargain. IS) Socond st.: no agents.
HOUSES TO LET.
I A— PRINTED list: boost* to let; send for c:r
cu!ar. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
¦ FOR rent— Hcuse eight rooms, bath; part fur-
i nished; convenient to trains; low rent. In-
quire 213 Fourteenth St.. OaklarU.
TO let— House 12 rooms; stable; 50 bearins
fruit tr«-es: 2 blocks frcm station. P. GARI>
NER. Mill Valley. Cal.
TO LET— A house of 5 rooms l rent $13 r*j
month. 22C3 Polk st. '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Geary St.. bet. Grant aye. and Ma-
eon »t., pearl scarf pin. studded with dia-
monds. Return to Manhattan saloon. 25 Gear;
*t.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— St. Bernard doff. Finder please return
to 1?23 Ellis st. and receive reward.
LOST— Small purse Saturday evening. Return
to room 5, Flood building, and receive reward.
REAL mink collar; on Market, Pest or Kearaj
St.; from 2 to 6 p. m. Return 119 Br.sh St.,
room 3; liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of ANNA M. RONAN. No. 23-120. Th«
finder will please return to bank. > v -- ,
~~~ 3IEDICAL. ~~
DR3. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment I": cafe and reliable cure ln one
day; 15 years' successful practice ln S. F. :
maternity home: low fees. 10C7H Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
!c dies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in 6. F. for years; treated thousands of
races successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call ar lC23i» Market st.
DR and MRS. KOKL. ladies' specialists— <3uar^
anfed treatment at office, $o; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1!22 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to v p. m.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. reliable specialist: hcrna
ln confinement ; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 842
Pt-st St.. between Hyde ami Larkin.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladle*'
physician; chronic di«ea<es treated; late s-ie.-i-
t'.tc methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market. ladles' speclai-
tst; guaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
and reliable: consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
Dlt. WISE, the ladi»s - specialist. 111S Market
St.: every ca.-» guaranteed: $5 up.
UK. AND .MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. ISI2 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONO HIM. h;rb doctor, treats all dis-
eates of the human body. 113 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engln-s. 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremcnt st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, thowcases. coun-
ters, llncleure. office furniture, stcre and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. ICI7-ICM-IC2I-1C23 Mission
rt.. above Sixth.
The World's Most Famous Medium
ar.d Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Yc'Jr Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is rrlce'ess. Her "Revealed
iledlcir.-??." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin dii'eaj'es. heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the v.hole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sand* have" been made . rich. har>ry and
healthy without ever havir.g come to see this
wonderful wcrnan. Consultation by mail is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
I tia!.
Addrese or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and urward.
Diagnosis FT"?.
N. B.— MBS. I>R. A. D. HOWE. Ktt
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the brnaJ-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, 2d station from Broadway.
DINSMORE,
The great clairvoyant and developing
medium, ns Eddy st.
CLAIUVOVANTS ANO SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION. MRS. P. FABBER, a glfte-i
lady; most famous in reaJirr tea leaves and
canis: advice confidential. Can be found dally
except Saturday and Sunday at 373 Polk st. ;
no si^ns.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 11(H Market: trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular: sittings sL
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult matters.
S Haves st., room 7, second flocr.
HEALING and <sevelopinc medium; satisfaction
euaranteed; readings 2oc and i/jc this week.
:-42 Mission st.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. US Sixth, room 12.
MME. SJOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; — >c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. 343'J
Minna St.. near Fifth.
YOUR future told by cards. 23c. M 4 Howard
«.. 15 a. ra. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZKREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
KTPtrjF life reader: readings 2.x;.
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting. 7:3-}
p. m.. ICk'. 7250 22.3. bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. E1.1..1S — Tests to all: circle Tues.. FTI.. 2
p. ra.; Mon.. S: 2-"*?; sittings SI. 233 Valencia.
EDWARD EARLS, Independent slate writer,
C^> Ellis St.; circle Sun. an.l Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2.1-c: truth cr no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names (riven: 2Jc up. 5 Fourth et.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave: future hus-
bar.d's picture. IV?; ladies. PH O'Farrcll st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agenry: no charge un-
less successful. Rocra 310. 327 Market »t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE— S rons and bath: large yard; rent
$10. Apply SE. ccr. Folsom st. and Precita
avenue.
COTTAGES of 4 and 5 rooms; basement: yard;
stable. Apply at 1576 Uth Et.. near Dolores.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; plenty of light;
large baseraent. 21» Point Lobos aye.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms; jard. Key €23
Second St.. near mail dock.
TWENTY-SIXTH. C3«L near Mission-Cottage
to let;S rooms: water free; JlO.
6- ROOM ccttage; 234 Morris aye.. bet. Harrl-
fon and Bryant, nr. Cth: key next door, N0.23.
$13— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, with bath: large
basement and yard; water paid. £23 Hamp-
shire s?.. b°t. Twentieth and Twenty-flryt.
DRESSMAKERS ANO SEAMSTRESSES
its GEARY— First-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 3C5 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Ceary it.: cresses
niade. ft up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
texs; easy payments, cvg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds fjeat-
lcg.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor fc Moffat.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 917
Market et-. over Cafe 7> r.Vand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chicroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gems: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 5C<:: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: pistes that fit from
$4 £0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. $09 Mar-
ket et-. cor. 4th. nn. 7 Flood bid*., you can
have your extractions <Jcne painlessly; teeth
without pl&tea our specialty; gold crowns.
$1 50 «p; plates, extractions free; $i 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 19 p. m. : Sundays J to 2
p. in. G. \Y. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager
ORPHEUM Employment Offlc*— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42S Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
best h"lp. 414^ O'Fnrrell St.: tel. East 4:8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED Norwegian woman, good
cork and laundress, wishes place In a small
family. *15 to $20: b??t references. MRS.
NORTON. 213 Gutter st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes light housework;
I $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes situation In hotel,
boarding house or institution: is a first-class
cock; years' references. Address or tele-
phone MRS. NORTON. Swedish and German
Employment Bureau. 313 Sutter st.
i COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation: good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS H. CULLINAN. 523 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS German cock desires a situation,
l>est city references, city or country: also a
first-class Swedish cook desires a situation.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
j NEAT pirl desires a situation as cook; 3 years
I last place. MISS. H. CULLINAN. 223 Sutter.
GOOD rt-srectab'-e woman needs work very
badly: can do any kind; good housecleaner;
¦would go by day or any way; $1 and car fare.
The Eacle. 7S Third st., room 5.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady desires situation ln
small family; wares from $15 to $2'l; good
cook. Box 4235. Call office.
j GERMAN girl, age 14.- wanis to assist or take
I care of ch!l3. SX*9 24th st., n^ar Folsom.
GIRL wants position to do general housework
and plain cooking. 140914 Buchanan, nr. Ellis.
AN experienced middle-aged woman wishes a
situation as working housekeeper or nurse ln
Fickness. Address Sl5 Alabama Bt.. near
Twentieth.
SWEDISH woman wants a position: Is a first-
class cook: best cf city referencss. Apply
room ?.. 10C0 Howard st.. call from 11 to 5 p.m.
REFINED orphan girl wishes position as com-
panion to lady and assist with light work:
no chlHren: small compensation; city or
cour.tr>'- Box 3Trl?. Call office.
A YOUNG woman from the East wishes situa-
tion as waitress and parlor maid; best refer-
ences. Box 4210. Call.
A DRESSMAKER and tailoress goes out by
the day to families: perfect fit guaranteed.
14 Farren aye., near Ellis et.. bet. Pierce and
Scott.
WANTED— Engagements to treat your hair at
I your home for any trouble ever heard of, on a
I guarantee, by hair specialist: also bust devel-
oping. Address box 4X5, Call.
LADY with good reference, speaking German
and English, wishes a position as lady's maid
"r to take care cf grown children to travel to
Europe and return. -Apply at 40 McAllister
St.. from I to S.
RELIABLE and responsible German woman de-
firps position as cook cr chambermaid and
trending: nn wasMr.g; Just arrived from the
East: no cards. E. SCHMIDT, 575 Tweaty-
tecond 6t.. Oakland.
A TRUSTWORTHY and domestic woman, ne-
cessltated by reverses to seek a position; Is a
German, middle-aged; good housekeeper and
cook: city or country. Address S. A., box
hits. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined couple (no children),
well educated, speaking German and English,
would like full charge of boarding or room-
Ing house or care of private residence. Box
3S3S, Call office.
WANTED— By reliable woman, to do general
housework, plain cooking; one who would care
fcr children or invalid lady: small washing;
reference, no postals. 21C7 Powell St.. store.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
references; wages no object. E. D., box 35fil,
Cal!.
GERMAN cook and dishwasher wants work;
_c'.ty or country. H2 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED German girl would like to go
to Europe; Germany preferred: car* for In-
valid or children; best references. A B.
27C5. Call office. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 2-JO rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $5
week: convergent and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2203 FUlmore »t.
A BRAXCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
E3IPLO VME.VT WANTED M ALE~
NOTICE! ~ " ~~ "~~~
To all who employ help
Skilled or unskilled "*
We do not receive orders from 35,<?v) cu "il
tomers, as an unmentionable and unreliable
Clav-st. employment aeency pretends to re-
ceive, as such a claim Is ridiculous and will
b» treated with the contempt It deserves, but
W. D. EWER & CO.. at 610 Clay st. near
Montgomery, established 25 years, do claim
that by fair dealing to both employer and
employe to have earned a business reputation
which speaks for Itself. We pay for all tele-
grams and telephone . messages. If you want
reliable help of any kind send your orders by
mall, wire or call In person
Satisfaction Guaranteed .;;
No Charges ['
W. D. EWER &r CO.. 610 Clay gt.
COMPETENT man wishes situation: a good
baker, also fine cook: In Italian or French
«19 "c*! 1 } 11 ° ity ° r country - Address box
REFINED Japanese schoolboy wants a situa-
tion In a noble family. 1010 Flns.st.. Japanese
Mission.
FURMTURB WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture: carpets,
piano. 1133 Market ct. : telephone Jessie 76L
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry *£ Co.) buys
furniture. cnrjH»t« 7." Mirataa: tei. R«d. CiU
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by kls son: most liberal terras; send
2£c for handsome outfit, fhowlng styles of
binding and over 40 illustrations. R. K. PAT-
TERSON, publishers' agent. 423 Montgomery.
WANTED— Energetic agents; ladies and gen-
tlemen: In every county in the State for a
rapid selling article. 5 Birch aye., S. F.
WANTED— Collectors and solicitors: cash ad-
vances made to the right parties; call between
S and 9 o'clock mornings. Thursday evening
between 1:30 and 9 o'clock. 3CO Post St.. cor-
ner Stockton.
HARPER & BROTHERS' sub:-criptton works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 2TS Kearnv ft.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $25: cook.
$30; second work, $2*>; middle-ased woman,
licht housework. $20; housegirl. Lcs Gatos,
$2i; Oakland. $2>; Alameda. $25; waitress. $1J;
E0 housepirls, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
j MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, country, small hotel. $30. fare here; cook
for a small hotel, country. $20; housekeeper,
country. *17. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
LADY compositor wanted fcr occasional work;
I Hate wag?F and experience. Address box
4237. Call office.
GIRL (.German preferred) for waitress and
chamberwork: must be neat and quick; for
Berkeley. Call at SC3 Geary st.
WANTED — An experienced inurse to take charge
of an infant; must have references. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 at 2616 Buchanan st.
IMPROVERS on waists. FRANCES, 736 Sut-
ter st.
YOUNG girl fcr general housework; small flat;
wages $15. U2S McAllister st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; small
family: wages $20. ZS26 California »t-
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 6H i
Kearny St., room IS, tcp floor.
YOUNG girl for light housework; no washing.
Apply at 1012 Jackson st.
GOOD starch work ironers at 790 Elizabeth St.,
bet. 23d and 24th; good pay.
WANTED— A cirl for second work and wait-
ins. 130T Hyde St.
WANTED— Finisher, also apprentice, on cus-
tom coats; steady v.'crk. 744 Folsom et.
APPRENTICES wanted on custom vests. 239
Fifth st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; downstairs work;
; good cook: tvages $25; ref. 11S9 CFarrell st.
WANTED — A girl with good experience ln tail-
orinr. 1173 A Market st.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework. ¦£»
Hayes st.
WANTED— Apprentice girl for dressmaking.
120H Hayes st. '^
WANTED— An experienced apprentice elrl on
custom coats: steady work. .":.5A Minna st.
WAITRESS — Competent girl or woman only
need apply. 4<S Third st.
TAILORESS to work on pants. Call at 11CJ
Clay st.
WANTED— OIrI for cooking, assist housework:
small family: $20; references, lid Post st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on coats. SIVA
Jones dt.. between O'Farrell and Gesry.
GIRL fcr light housework: sleep home: wages
$10. 25 Valparaiso, oft Mason, near Filbert.
ABOUT U0 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work ln Levi Straus* & Co.'s
overall factory. 32Vi Fremont st. MR. DA-
vis, sun
LADIES and sentlemen wanted to paint pic-
tures Rt home: we- teach you free; send self-
nddressed stamped -envelope for reply. WM.
LEMOS. auctioneer, Santa Crux. CaL
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. SCVj Fremont >t. : elevator. >,y.
WANTED— By a wholesale house, a traveling
saleswoman; Eastern' preferred. Box 4223. Call.
PROTESTANT woman for light housework and
children. Apply &79 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole makers;
also apprentices. 125 Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS embroiderer for applique work;
good pay. Box 3565. CalL
OPERATORS on shirt waists; rood wages;
steady work. Bauer Bros. Co.. 21 Saasome.
WANTED — Hairdressers, manicures and ap-
prentices. GOLDSTEIN A CQHN. 822 Market.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfltt;ng Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 FUlmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
•*• BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
Xt 1223 Polk tt.: open until 0 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.; open until 8 p. m.
' WANTED— Elevator boy. 102 Ellis rt.
COAT, vest and pants makers. Call early at
635 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS porter wanted at 238 O'Fa.-rell
St.: ?!*) per week.
I DRIVER to haul milk in from country: $25
month. 20th and Connecticut e:s. ; Sth-st. cars.
GOOD barber wanted. 737 Mission st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2ic
to JOc. 562 Mirsion st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
• WANTED— A soter man around kitchen; $20 a
• month and found. 195 Tenth st.
GOOD helper ln wagon factory. 630 Broadway.
WANTED— A tailor on custom coats; steady
work. ii?A Minna s^
WANTED— Barber at 433 Pine st.
WANTED — Good barber; wages $S and beard.
Thirtieth and San Jose aye.
GOOD shoemaker with tcols at 432 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— Young man waiter. $6 per week. 2}s
McAllister st.
WAITER wanted at £13 Clay it.
BARBER shop for sale: running three chairs
steady; established 11 years. Apply 103 Eddy.
EXPERIENCED canvasser?; male or female;
Coke Dandruff Cure; Luck» Rolled Cigars:
Vlci Dressing; rubber heels; wire brushes;
rubber collars, and Colorite. P. C. M. A.. 7S
Flood bulldlr.s: after 4 p. m.
' MEN wanted to learn barber trade ln S weeks:
i cay and evening classes; special Inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in the
world teaching the barber ami hairdressing
trades. XIOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches — San Frxr.cisco. New York.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Private students evenincs; civil
service, arithmetic, bookkeeping etc. Box
4230. Call office.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $7T> month;
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon cr address Manager. 927 Market at..
room £22.
¦WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rocrr.s: 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
DISHWASHER: one who understands short or-
der. 210 Townsend st.
ECO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st.. between Ist and Id sts.
YOUNG men and sailors for deep sea and steam
whalers. HERMAN'S. 24 Steuart st.
MAN to do Janitor work fcr his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes ha!f-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. F. 52 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sis.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
ney«. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 2:>o
per night. Llndell. Cth and Howard: read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 416 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Ttird et.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c Right: reading room; free-
'bus ar.d baggage to and from the ferry.
CI*ASSIFIED advertisements end «mrt«crlptlona
received at Call tranch nfiice. KOO Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been estabUshed at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HOUSES. I.IVK STOCK. Etc — Fop Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, burgles,
rarts, harness. Grand Arcal» Horse Market.
S?7 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
rULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
£0 HEAD fine draught ar.d driving horses at
3621 and IE2S Market St., bit. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched Mark teams.
$23. HORSE: $4^. large work horse; long body
delivery wagon. 5>X 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and blk»
buggy. DALRIEL. Vet. Dentist. ST& G. O. it.
FINE gentle hcrse-s and new rubber-tired bug-
Kles; $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
HObSES I,OUGI.\G KUU SALK.
16 ROOMS: sunny corner, near
VAN NESS AVENUE !
Cost $2C'CO: drice enly jseo !
52 rooms; fine corner: clears $250 ISCO :
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $125 *M i
11-room house on Bush st 450 s
7-room house; only .;........ 130 |
53 rooiis; rent S4O 1, "II""** 1"^V) j
24 rooms: easy payments " ji>) ;
fc-room fiat; new jy» j
12 rooms; corner: only '.'.'.'.'.'. lrvi j
10 rooms: on O'Farrell st j->3
10 rooms; on Taylor st.; worth $SOO 4ii '
S2 rooms: corner; clears $U0 icoj
10-room flat: clears $130 500 ¦
Corner en Market: clears Ut4); 1M rooms.. 4<>oo
Near Call office: worth $20CO; 23 rooms... IJM
MTdkfe?lbNß-iM T d kfe?lbNB-io C S?" 8 ,f CC: M rOOmS ••" «»
H. C. DECKER. ICiO Market St.. opp. Fifth,
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash
I will advertise it free for you. ¦
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
1 sell city and country real es-
t» « »,^. tate ""d business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— PARTNER WANTED IV A Za
--— BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY 1^
Full particulars with DECKER, 1K» Market.
oAKs, counters, showcases, shelving. m:nv.re,
bought, sold and exchanged. Ifo3 Missies st.
RAMBLER tandem: in good condition; new
tires; will sell cheap. I*l Powell st.
INVALIDS who find r.n relief from drugging
the stomach to investigate Dr. Cona=t"s
method of absorption, which never fai's. Ca!l
cr address for booklet. Anldrosis. 47 Post,
office No. 5: cents' bath 3. 6; exclusive ladies'
parlors, suite 2J.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; pirtaoie safety bcxes:
sv*c;e chests, bullion taf»?. vaults, etc. Tb*
Waltz Pafe Co.. 1C?-111 St.. S. F.. Cal.
A—BUY 3.A — BUY 3. s-:!ls or rtr.ts gear machinery, en-
irir.ea. bcllers. irater pine. sh.-ift;ns. pulleys.
etc. V.HITELAV.'. r* Sr?ar t^t.
IRISH setters: fancy pigoens; homers: runts;
white homer?. 2tMl Lir.drn St.. Oakland.
EDISON concert phoncgraph. price r*iu?e-l ta
JIM; concert reccrds. $» 50. BACIGALL?^
133 Market St.. San Francisco.
FIXTURES for sale cheap in stationery store.
Call 2,--GO- s Sutter St.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: plate«i;
almost new; cheap. Vjij M'.ss;on st.. near Uth.
ANY parties having Arsora gcats for sale ad-
dress H.. Z2i National aye. San Diego, Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale ana fire and tur-
glar proof saie. S California st. V
A— s-1 iO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7X. Pop-
ultr Price Hatters, 110 Keamy st.. nr. Pine.
H-H. P. MOTOR for sal?. ::3. 12T1 Green st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. msnge cure: by all Jcug-
clsts. or Dog Hospitsl. f.lO Golden Gate aye.
j ONE 4-slded -stteker: 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 loccmstlves. Z2O Fr^m^nt.
DIIESS pants. $2 7r.; fine *u:t. $13. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Zlf Montgomery st.
BOILERS, er.eir.es. drill prtis'^. r!a=ers.U:h»».
Iron * woo.!; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beals.
NEW and recond-fcanJ slot machices bought
and sold. W. C BENTHAM. 1322 Market »t-
EECOXU-HAXD machinery, electrical supplies.
boiiers and engines. H. S. Whit?. 615 Miss.en.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 15 pag-?s. sent to any aduress in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
i — — ¦—
aiISCELLA.VEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— II >i feet of secor.d-hand galvanized
*i-Inch water pipe: rr.ust be ln good condi-
tion. Apply to-day, between 2 and 3 p. m..
atrocm j. Hi Ma«on st.. N. S. G. W. bldff.
WANTED — To buy cr rent a medium siza port-
able rock crusher. AiMresa by mail. Contrac-
tor. 1203 Claus Fpreckels bMg.. San Francisco.
! W ANTED— Second-hand Jig saw; price I
and particulars. Address box 2512. Call. ,
SCRAP iren ar.d machinery bousht. San Fran-
clsco Iron Yard. 234 Mission gt.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds. J-welry at low-
est rates, iialiwin Jetvelry Stcre MS Mark*:
«t.: tel. Main 1544. Branch 19 Third st.
ANT proposition, any amount; • p«r cent: first,
•eccnd mortgages, estat-a In probate Interest i
ln estates, legacies, lire insurance; chattel '
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O B
OLSEN. room it. flrat fiDor. Chrcr.ic!e bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me: $30
to $1«»j0: C per cent: Ist. Id cr chattel isort- i
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests la '
estates, legacies and mortgages bought • adrics i
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. Z37 Market. |
ANY amount at <S per cent; Ist. 2d and IJ mort- I
gages, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro- i
tate; mortgage and legacies bo-jsht: no de-
lay: get my tenr.s tefore doing business el»*-
>here. R McCOLGAN. 24 Montgom-ry r.^
HOST reliable place to tn rrow on diaraonJs.
watchee. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10^°th
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds ,
ANY amount by private party on furniture and i
?£S?S; T n r° « racv »': low rates; cor.fMentti' !
BO.NELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 1?> PoweU »t! I
ON REAL estate. Ist or JnJ raort S a?es. and ca !
furniture or pianos: no removal: nr.y arn"urt- I
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 23 M^tg^m-ry.' I
AT 126 Kearny st.. room ». respectable urivaTl
Place to borrow en watches. dUmoadJ-toww
rates; take elevacor. Tel Davis s-.'i * l
¥t*BRmT*?E£ i l&s necur-
Caii.'ornVa -t ' Merchaat »' Exchange. 4CI
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pa-os- 3 t»r
cent: no removal; no commission. R .s?} Eddy!
AUSTIN'S Saiary Ixan Co 2Zi Pa-rrf Ki.iij !
>n g -M^n can '.cn.-Qa p^T.Vno"; j
A Pok\rGTTO^MAI-. nlh - lUraitW '
N bu l tw'£ r:ea l * cple - Tct --^T. ta I-*.-
ON furniture, pianoj. witrcut r-aiovi-"- i
ccnunliioa; private. LICK. llS'ScAi'linT ?
r>tsm:ir.t Aren^v. vi Ph»lnn b",rd"r!
i MOXEY \V« A .\ i- £^ "
WANTED— To borrow on choice suburban t»,i
,' MI'MCAL INSTRUMENTS.
• I a'oalN we remind you that you should par-
<> cfcase your rowUani and low priced plane
f > where they can be exchanged for a Stemway
¦• within three years and have full purchaM
frice allowed. We are selling; new uprlgh*
rianca for $C per month, and some good piano*
'J r, »t »»i *3 per month. SHERMAN.
t CLAY * CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
- and Sutter sts.. San Francisco.; corner Thir-
;. t?enth and Broadway. Oakland.
1 ATtsdl T'TFLY the oldest and largest boos*
I A wf,t of CWcago is KOHLER A CHASS'3
IS :s and 30 OFarrell ft.: pianos, oreans aaj
all ether musical Instrument* of all rrades
c and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: •»ery-
thVr.sT possible done ta plea*, and satisfy th»
cii«tcrr.er. ___^____^^^^-™»
" j KXABE piacon; new scale: new styles. XOH-
• LHR ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell »t-
PI»VOS ar- offered at lower prices than ever
at MAUVAIS'. 7O Market »U
THERE ia only one place to buy a Pecker cr a
- i Packard piarv\ MAL'VAIS-. 753 Market st.
- NEW iXQ r>!anr> and furniture- of S-rocm hens*
for sal» or rent: 1525 Webster St., comer BBt>
- ter. HOOK-EP. & LENT. Aser.ts; apply oa
• j j>r*m!res.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pian.-«- price* reduced to Insure prompt aa^es.
r ! V.' C. HAMILTON*. 22 \ Pest >t.
I j £C SLIGHTLY u««M high ani medium Rrvs»
planes; sp-ci»l d's-cunts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piino Mfg. Co.. ISS Ellis St.
- j VERY beautiful. 3-pertal upright piano; used a>
frw month 3; $175. Room 12. Flood building.
PIANO. $400; upright: will be sold by the Cd
- to highest offer. 1253 Ml33lcn tt.
SELL for storage— l uprights. $73: very fin*
. Steinway. $123. Wilson's Storag*. IHO Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard malu; $1S;
: call evenir.es. 1313 Powell st.
r W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento it.. a«ent to?
' Francis Bacon and Hallett <k Davis pianos.
I CONOVER. Colby and ?pencer pianoa. Sp«ncer
J warerooms. lili Market st.
1 FINE Fischir it Ste'.nway upright: sacrificed.
XF.ETT'K'g. 191? »an Nm aye.. nr. Oeary st.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 218 McAllister St.
' BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 1»
i McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
i gUPERIOIt violins, sithem. old and nsw. H.
; MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pfae».
; OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
> UNION-FiJUARE building, opposite City of
¦ Parts. Stockton and G«axy sts.— Elegant ne«r
offices and stores.
NEW comer, suitable for drugstore; fixtures
[ complete: cheap. Eighth aye. and Clement.
' I FOLSOM S7T>— Lr.rge sunny store, with S llvlnc
• rooms. 'Apply H. UMBSEX A CO.
' tJft— STORE: 2 «how windows and 5 Urs* rooaji;
1 ¦<?ar>»»«' ••" ip» hn«ln»««. 4?? P'-rt*» «t.
1 PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain CoUege or
• Palmistry: readj 1 ta 8. CS Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
BELLE— OUDRT
IS NOT A LADT.
BARBER wants wife. 23 years of age. to ltv»
ln mining camp. Address PostofSce hex
73.500. Phoenix. Artz.
I WILL net be ressonsible for acy debts con-
tracted for my wife, Mrs. Minnie Hertx. oa
and »:ter this date. February 13.
SAMUEL HERTZ.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has only
the latest hair styles: hairdressing. 25c: esani-
curlßtf. 25c: on Monday only all $1 switches at
40c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE dstectlve work; reasonable rates: 13
years* experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles: free this week: I guarantee to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISA DO RE BARRETT. Der-
matologist, 1237 Market St.. opp. City Hall.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano. recognized brightest
astrologer ln America: sketch of Ufe and
I i>rosr*cts: send date cf birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO. P. O. box K3S. Boston,
( Mass.
j A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 75; our
cperlaUy In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready mad*. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. On&-
ptioe Tailoring Co.; E33 Kearny, near 3acts:
a!so 1*44 M3rki?t St.. ur.der St. Nicholas.
ANY lady calling en February 15 to our elca*
and suit department will receive a souvenir
ipcon of the battleship Maine; worth white ta
come. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 13CS Stocktoa
j St.. near Broadway.
EI.ECTRIC lights In every room: W!nche«t?f
Hcte!. 44 Third st.. near Mork-t: 100 rootas;
Xc to $1 50 p*r nicht: Jl Ij » ii per week:
free 'bu< ar.d b.i«!ra*e to and from the terry.
MARRLVGE PAPER.
Beat rubllshed— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELo. Toledo. Ohio.
LEADING thoatrtcal and masquerade coa-
turners; rnaxe-up and wigs; country orders to-
j llrlted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
PHYSICAL ct:'.tur*». rrassag-". to ladles; private;
Mrr.Wa?;r.?r.jrrai.iate masseuse. lOtt l -. Larkin.
J MME. ADA cures rheumatism, head.-xches. neii-"
' ralsla: all petn leaves like rcasric from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard at.
j ALASKA fur garcj-nt-t. hoods, mitts, leather
I coats. H. M HEINEM.VN. IC9 Sansome st.
IF ycu wish full value for your cast-ofl cloth"
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. black 4123.
COLEMAN buys clcthlnr. brle-a-Drac, tools,
carpets, bid a-old; send for him. SG< Kearny.
WANTED— OId esld for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. I4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Maun.
J STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J WHITsT
HORN. AM.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
i ?
I'HOTOGRAPUIC SUPPLIES.
| POLYCHROME paper, rich la ten«. easy "ti
work; low price; sample dozen 4xS and d*»»l-
orer rr.aHed I.c. Cai. Camera. Co.. n G«mrv.
PUYSICIASS AXD SURGEONS^
PARALTSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES:
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS; i
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS!
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA, ECZEMA: SKIN DISSA3Z3L
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASSSt
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE 1
Different from any other treatment.
Write for reference*. Consultation fr««.
DR. L. J. BTRATTON, 607. 60S and 5C9. Pin
rctt building. (Over the Emporium.)
E ?-^ C - C " O'DONNELL— OffIc. and residency
Vri'r Market ?t.. fcgt. Sixth and Seventh.
Rb'.AL IMAIt — CITY — FOR SALS.
A?-£Ti^ECK~v~ca
LOAN MONET.
6*7 Market St., opp. Kearny.
$S?.d'O— Grand corner; 75 ft. front; S bloc*
from Market St.. not far from Sixth: rents $3CO.
$.j.ofO— Grand cor.. «0 rt.. within block of
Baldwin; positively the cheascst property
tdowntown) in the city.
t^.OCO— Rare Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary: 4-story brick buildir.?: stores and lods-
tac-booM abov»; 36 feet front.
$43.w«>- Corner: rents J4CO; modem Improve-
m°nt.»: lot 50x135 feet.
$2S,sOO— Near Eddy and Jones; stor« and Zt
rooms above; modern: pays 7 per cent net-
J2J.CCO— Sixth st.: 75 feet front; rents $240«
yearly; go.xi buildlnir: 4 stores.
*22.-;w— Third St.. about 325 fwet from Market;
store and lodging-house: terms, *» cash.
tSC<X)— « elegant new flats; lot 50x130 ft: all
rented for Js4 a mo. ; grand bargain.
$7^o— Sis good flats: rents $350 yeaxly; down-
town; lot CO feet front.
$'VO>— Post st.; 3 good Cats; rents 553; let
17x110.
S32jC — Cor. stsre and S-rcora Cat; reata $37:
foreclosure.
tI~T4 — Two nice fiat*: rents $18 53.
$73) — S room* and lot 43x72 ft.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. «57 Market st.
A. M. SPECK *; CO. ~ "
"^_ 867 MARKET BT.
Offer wanted: close trt santa Fe ferry nte;
ST.'. cfrn?r Folsom and Bea!e sts.; lot Klx
137:5. with imrroverner.ts.
CHEAPEST lot ln Richmond; only $420 on B
st.. east of ElEhth aye: a few steps from 3
lines of cable cars; adjoining lots held a*
$*>*: ea^y payments. V.'. J. GUNN. S3> Cali-
fornia *t. ~ t
MODERN fiats— $T?CO; containing S and I rooms
tach: highly decorated and finished with all
mo-iem conveniences; (Z\ Waller st. om
F^ysLgoxf^M" 1 * p?"~p ?"~- easy ter =*
I^v To '{J la 1 , ye . 11 K :!l ln r "Chmon«l district, north of
f, " r ..-- that yoa wlah to •»» quickly then
call oa W. J. OUNN. Z3O CalUornta at.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses J rooms-
latest mrprovements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
F l^»? !p t' en . Uran ' JS st ¦ r.ear 17th; near c*rs:
COOI- Inquire 133 Valencia st.
i. MODERN flats, cheap; must sell account of
rtepartura fcr Eur-jpe. Inquire 4«7 T«ham».
'l^^ithln i. «** Cat ' : ne>r CTty
REAL^ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Sole
F e« v Hl-^^H 1 -^^ beautiful orchard home prop-
«r/.?'j" 4 acres ' aU in tan earing trees.
a»rilo^. P .T n< ?' tl " l » I ««w* caches pears.
m^rS .* . c , h ' rrl "- *'•«> good tmpnrve-
Skn'a"oi™ a^n' ntn th * 7*™* fo othlll belt of
c £"i?.? U * r - * mllea »W or San jMf.
M^nSfn^T Sant; L clar a *ad 4 miles from
h «^"? : P a^ n s « «ood Income: price
ran R^ l or ** rtlcu t*r« addrw. A. U.
call Aseacy. Sao Jsse,
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^Xli, MONDAY, F-EJiiiUAKY 19, 1900.
8Steamer Movements.
Weather Report.
• .
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. ( lB— 6 p. m,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date la«t
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Lact This Last
Station* 24 hours, season, season.
Fureka °- 22 * 5 -*2 18.77
Red Bluff »-28 15.37 13.13
Sacramento 0-W "-71 7.85
Ran Francisco 0-02 14.69 7.7T
Fresno 0.04 6.18 1. 86
Independence 0.00 2.0S 1.16
S«n Luis Oblepo 0.01 12.42 7.15
L^s Angeles.. .V. 0.00 4.67 2.96
SaS Dlfgo 0.00 2.M 3.73
Yuma 0.« »•" L 34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
53; minimum, 49; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy and threat
ening over the Pacific slope. Scattering light
rains have fallen from the Tehachapi and Point
Conception northward to Central Oregon and
Northeastern Washington.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the en
tire western portion of the country. The high
est pressure Is reported from Montana and
Wyoming, while an area of low pressure Is
central over Southeastern California and South
ern Nevada.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Northeastern California and Nevada and risen
over Idaho and Montana.
A thunderstorm Is reported at Red Bluff and
high westerly winds from Eastern California
and Nevada,
Conditions are unsettled and favorable for
cloudy weather, with ghowers, over the south
ern portion of the Pacific slope Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 19. 1900: :
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, prob
ably with showers; fresh wenterly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Monday, prob
ably with showers; light "west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday, probably with rain
OI Utah— Cloudy Monday, probably with rain.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday, probably -with rain;
cooler In south portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
probably with showers; rreelr .
,?t ¦- ? &ocaj forecast OiflclaL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Marl^at St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35.
3:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 r>- m. - ~»
SUNDATS-S:0O. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.j I:3* 1:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEF.K DAY3— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a, a: U:*s.
3:40. 5:10 D. m. Saturdays— Extra- trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. »:40, 5:08.
C : 2o z> m
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par-
same schedule as above.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sail*
11 ACRES— Close to derot; 36 miles from thie
C:t> j' w aores la vineyard, some orchard; house
U4 fcara; a fine neighborhood; beautiful
ZCTJl***' running water in front; bank price
S?5« a ./ nai ' : don ' l rrAsg "- H - H. CRANE, j
fr* Oallforcla «t. I
A f H' ENniD farTn of 117 ac*"* 1 *; good land; ad- !
.irnn.nK town of Pleasanton, Alameda Co.; can
now h* ;>urxha>ed at f47 £.0 per acre, including
l» rtion of grow inr crop. H. IL CRANE. DCi
1 ii.ijornia ct.
I;A . I \^ AI - N '—^'3-arre Mr>ck ranch; Jo miles from
Oakland. 4 nines from railroad town: abund-
ance of water; 10 acres orchard and vineyard
a port.on hay land; fine Improvements- $M ncr
< KANE. r,Cs» California st.
tSSU t~>:: PER acre for Immediate sale — 200
acres »or Iet«). nearly all in crop, near Sunol
Al^rneda Co. ; no eucli bargain ever ottered
H. H. CRaxe. ft* California Et.
COIWTRY REAL HSTATE
FOP. RENT < -R SALE.
A vp ry <i"£ir*.ble j-lare of 5 acrr«" 2 mile*
£»» Vallejo and Mare Ular.d Navv-?ard*
high y cultivated; the entire place set "with
Manas trres and vines of many varieties of
and nuts; pplcndid modern dwelling of
.rooms, cellar; funrmer kitchen attached;
water piped In house and throughout the place-
,' PPI iOOlli 0011 " 00^. wagon sheds, pig pens'
chicken house; abundance of water from 2
new and modern windmills: good terms will
FiX? 1 to a Fte » (J y and industrious tenant;
rert j:-0 per month. Call or address
FRED HALLMA>.\
liallrsan House. Vallejo.
A kI?X%X-i- NCOME Horne ~ and unequal-
Sf- acres ricn loam; no adobe: fenced; 3 fields:
F0 highly cultivated; 20 wooded hill pasture-
n aore« bearing orchard: 6-room residence:
.arpe barn; poultry arrangements: 8 living
firings, trout creek and wells; fine road ad-
.'acrnt to Ncjia: including stock and tools.
cn!y $5?,oo.
N. V. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT,
_1^ Ceary et.. omi. Chronicle building, S. F.
M. CHIFFIN. T!» Market St.. near Call bldr..
?e!i s and exohanc?? city realty and farms in
ail rarts of California; call on him.
J. W. UOIIN. Sl2 Main st.. Petaluma: real es-
•.ate end thoroughbred Brlglan hares. Send
Ir,r fri«- V,r^ «-f C.vinty bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOIS-JvIiKI'ING.
AT r.2 Second— Nice r.ew papered and reno-
vaiej front rooms; $1 50 to J2 50 a week.
CALIFOKMA. ::_— Eunny room; 1 cr 2 gentie-
m«-r. : brraktaet !( debired; privat* family;
r»!erfnc«-» exchanged.
CASTRO, Ell— 2 unfurnished rooms; rent J4 50.
ELEVENTH. ZS— Unfurnished large front
room for tight housekeeping.
FIFTH. ZZ3— Double parlors, kitchen, bath; fur-
nished for housekeeping; $20; also room. ?4 up.
FILLMORE. ::„. near Clay-JT; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
FOLSOM. f.2s— Large tunny furnished room; ;
light housekeeping: $1 50 week. I
FOLSOM. kii — Kunny front room and kitchen; !
e!nk; closet; stove; bath; no children; prl- j
vate; j:0. j
GOLDEN GATE aye., 123i— Two furnishel
rooms for housekeeping: cdults: references.
JONES, I2CI, cor. Greenwich — Two large sunny j
front housekeeping rooonis; complete; $10 a
month.
LEROY place. 114. bet. Jones & Leavenworth— 3
very pleasant sunny housekeeping rooms; $9.
LEWI?. IS. off Taylor— 2 or 3 unfurnished
rooir.*; newly papered and painted; J9. Jl2.
MINNA. 2S— Sur.ny furnished basement; house- |
keeping rooms; SI E0 per week; large enough
fcr 6 ia family, and single rooms. '
MISSION, llS 4— Housekeeping rocsss, 12 aad j
12 50.
MISSION. 1129— The cleanest and cheapest '
housekeeping ruite or tingle; children taken. ]
OLIVE aye.. 127 — 2 unfurnished rocms; also use 1
of kitchen: Jo per month.
6UTTER, 1111. nr. Larkin — Comfortably furn. I
f ingle suites; also fckgp.; terms reasonable.
TO let— Two or three furnished rooms suitable j
for housekeeping. Apply before 12 tn.. 1918 !
Folk et.
TX.-RK, E40 — I urifurs— hed rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard. |
TTVELFTH, 40 — 2 sunny front rooma, furnished !
for fc!TU£ekeeplng; $10. j
TWELFTH. 13, bet. Mission and Howard— l j
eus.ny housekeeping rooms with gas etave.
VALENCIA. Hi— Nicely furnished housekeep- !
ing rooms; closet, bath, gas; sunny. ;
VICKSBURG. «IS. nr. I4th and Church. Mission '
et- cars transfer Ed— 2 sunny unfurnished |
rooms to rent; fS month. !
CLASSIFIED advertisement* an.l subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 222 ft Fillmore st. :
A BRANCH offlc£ lor Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tacky *ts. : open till • p. m. j
A EP.ANCH office fcr the reception of adver- '
tUftr.ents aad rubscriptioris has been opened
at i"".'i Polk rt.: open until 9 p. m.
A 3HANCH office for Call advertisement* and j
Rroacrlptlaos has been established at 1056 Va- ,
>*•-',* mt. !
ROOMS TO LET Fora, sod L'nfarn.
/.-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Room* !
tic to SI p*r night : II 25 to Ji per week, and ;
iiefct housekeeping: open all night. J
/.-"THE ELMER HOUSE." "24 Bush St.. ad- j
;~:r.ir.g the Uuss Hotel: 84 rooms; all prices. >
BOHEMIA, CSS Tost. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suit* 1 and single rooms: hot and cold :
BURNETT. 14D6 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu- I
r.:>h«»<i rro«-. euites. single: also unfurnished, j
CASUOLLTOX. 1206 Market, ccr. Golden Gate j
eve.— Sunny corner: well furn.: rms. _ offices, j
CLASSIFIED advertisement! 1 acd FUbscriptlons I
trcr'.xffi at Ccn branch efflee. 2200 Fillmore. j
ELLIS. 7r<2— Nire'y furnished, large, very !=unny '
Jront room; bath; reasonable. j
F»»LSOM, 75S— Large room, flreplare: houpe- I
fcaeptnc and single rooms; sunny; reasonable. !
FOLSOM. B€C. rorr.er Sixth <Th» Oliver)— Sunny \
furnished rooms: suites or single: new mgmt. ;
FRANKLIN. 11 (Newport Huuse)— Sunny rooms: j
lay windom-f : run. water; gas: tl 25 to 12 59. I
FULTON. ?1S and 21S. corner Van Ness aye.— j
Funny Fide: 4 rooms or 2 or 3 rooms; gas.
GEARY. 40S iThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnish- !
<"i r'K.mis. *>n euite or single. MKS. H. HYER. j
HAIGHT. lr<ol r <0 — Klegsnt'y fcrnlshed sunny!
• ..' rr.F single or en fulte. j
HANCOCK Hc_ae. 7SI M!sslon— Select family j
rrx.mlr.r house: fl Hi to i 6 per week. ' I
HICKOP.Y aye.. MI. near Gough— tt<: 2 large!
au_uy furnlrh.ed rooms. !
HOWARD. %23— Clean, respectable; 25C-J1 per
niri-.t: Jl-J3 per week: Howard cars to door. 1
MINNA C€ 7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished j
bay-wir.dow room, tl per weeta: transient.
MISSION, IKS— Neat furnished room In private
family; t-. j
OTARRELU 2t> — Sunny furnished rooms and i
clSces; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo. |
PACIFIC. 1426ij. near Larkin— Large 'front I
sunny room; rent reasonable. j
HCTAL House. 12S rilis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
i'r; rooms, per Eight. 15c to $1 W; week. S2 to
t«; mcrith. IS to tZH; eievator on office floor; j
rooms with hrt and cold water; baths. I
UOSEDALE H"use. 219 & ZTI Kills «t.— Rooms
night. 25c to tl; week. :i 2S to t*: open night.
MiKRMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
nur Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TTIE~Oake. 11» Third— A *ood rooming nous*
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VALENCIA 1222— Tw0 nicely furnished rooms
fcr light housekeeping; raa and bath; no chil-
dren. : V ,:. •
aXBSTES, 1415— Neatly furnished sunny front
mom: hot and cold running water; bath; pri-
vate family; call between II and 4 or 7 and »¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ]
>.-.¦,; '..',: - has t*+n established at the
n'irthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts.: open until 9 p. tn. !
A URANOI r,:T\ce for the reception of adver- |
tiM-»nent» and subscriptions h_" been opened j
a« 1223 P<-,!k ft. : cj*n till 9 p. m.
A r.RANCK office for Call ad vert: semen ts and
rubficriptlons has teen established at 105« Va-
l>-rrla rt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WANTED ~_nown^Mß. LEW^hTsCHARErT
late of 73 Mason St.. has removed tv Call
r>u!ld!r.g, tenth floor, where he will continue
t0 give bargains In wntchef. diamonds, iew-
- elr>-. eilvcrware. firearm!- and optical roods;
rash or time payments. Office hours— lo to 6.
BAD te-ar.ts ejected for »4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<H Montgomery tt.. rooms >-10; tel. 1120.
HOOJJR paired, from »: whitened Jl up.
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 21* Third.
SCAVJXG MACIIIKES AXD SUPPLIES.
REN'TEIi. repaired, bought, aold; machine sup-
t'.les Standard Agency.l4s Cth: phone Mint 4-
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented: r«-
T-slrirg st lowest rates. Vf> Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
riERCE-nOROLPH Storage aad Moving Co.
orflce. iCI Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Mala 57U.
TO LEASE.
TO lease— Kenllworth Inn; romantically situat-
ed In Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from San
Francisco; completely furnished; 40 rooms;
rtcam and hot water bathe; electric lights;
heaters throughout; elevators, etc.; rent low.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
TO lease— Fine oil land In oil district; none but
men of means need apply: one eighth royalty
B«k*d. Answer box CO, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA^
A euperb modern renidence. within 3 minutes'
walk of narrow-gauge railroad station, for
sale for $11. MO; would exchange for Ssm Fran-
cipco realty. Address Owner, box BS7I, Call.
$1600 — JVj?T like rent; new cottage of 5 roomi
(to order)), $200 rash. $20 per month: lot 33x
100. J. 11. YOUNG. Builder. 1143 Park st.
dMKIILIi Aii \ UK 1 lol_M-!rJN 1_»
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
YOU can never buy choice property in beauti-
ful Berkeley cheaper than to-day; near the
university; fine modern house of 9 rooms; all
the latest improvements; only 1 block from
electric cars; street work all done.
MA6ON _ McLENATHEN.
Real Estate.
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
THE beet corner lot south of University of
California, with elegant modern 9-room house.
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ALL NEW AND MODERN.
$1700 — 6 rooms and bath; near cars.
$:r.CO— 8 rooms and bath; etreet paved.
jifSO— 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; paved
street. \
$350<>— 8 rooms and bath: in the beautiful Scenic
Park: adjoining the college grounds; a bargain.
J3&O0 — Pretty 7-room home; Jutrt the place for
you.
$4Sqj>~ A lovely home of 9 rooms, etc.: paved
str>-et.~
$5000— 9 rooma and bath; situated high and
sightly.
All these are up-to-date
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada on© year for $L
postage raid.
OAKLAXD ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
CITY realty; fruit and stock ranches; loans.
SALSBURY. m Broadway. Notary Public.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. Fortler. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAXD FURNISHED ROOMS.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tho
forcltur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHERI _ BACIGALUPI. doing
business in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the ISth day of March. 1899. dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire interest of G.
BACIGALUPI in the concern.
O lACCHERI.
G. BACIGALUPI.
Pan Francisco. February 9. 1300.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 76 (twenty-
five cer;t= rer share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Conn-any will be payable at the
office of the company. No. 127 Market St.. on
and after Tuesday. Feb. 20. 1900. - Transfer
books will close on Wednesday. Feb. 14, 1900.
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
tens authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HAP.T— In this city, February 18. I*oo. to the
wife of Benno Hart, a son.
MARRIED.
GIBSON-WELLS— In this city. February 18.
1%0, by the Rev. S. V. Hutsinplller of Cen-
tral ''hurch, John T. Gibson and ' Charlotte
Wells, both of San Francisco.
R LYNCH— In Frultvale. Feb-
ruary 14, 1900, by the Rev. Dr. A. T. Need-
ham. L>ewey W. Kavenscroft of Petaluma,
Cal., and Mary Ann Lynch of Frultvale, Cal.
WHITEHAIR— CRANE— In this city. February
iv UOO, by the liev. S. l>. Hutsinptller of Cen-
tral <"hurch. Charles O. Whitehair and Delta
¦ ¦rane. both of ban Francisco.
ZIEGLER— KUHN-February 14, ISOO, by the
Rev. Mr. Parrlsh, Zachaxlas Zlegler and Ber-
tha Kuhn.
DIED.
Armstrong. John A. Granlest, Friedericke
Arnold. Joseph B. Hardy. Francis
Heard Charlotte Johnson, Charles S.
rurttn, Kate Kincaid. Mrs. Isa-
Conlan. Mary A. Bella
Cannavan, Bessie Lee, Charles
Carney Isabella Ledwith, Charles F.
Cooboy. Michael Loane, Henry S.
Uelluw, Mary F. McCarthy. Dennis
Dana. H^nry A. O'Connor, Rev. Cor-
l>eiflno, Florence nellus
Desmond. William F. Phillips. Philip
Klllott. Thomas Slaven Thomas
Kschelbach, George bchmlfitj _.rs. _.
Eggenberger. Ar.n Smith. Jane _L
Thime. Joseph
ARMSTRONG- In this city. February 17. 1900.
John A beloved husband of Autrusta Arm-
strong, father of Alfred Armstrong and
Lrotr^r of Charles F., Gustav and Annett
Armbtronz. Mrs. C. Peterson and Mrs. C.
Anderson, a native of Oland. Sweden, aged
40 years 8 months and 8 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
cienre 1117 Hampshire etreet. thence to First
SwdiKh Methodist Episcopal Church. Howard
Street between Eighth and Ninth, where
servif-es will commence at 1:30 o clock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ARNOLD—In this city, February IS 1900. Jo-
Berh Beilly Arnold, beloved .husband of Ray
Arnold? an* ** 1 <> vpd father of , Ue , rbert ? n £
Frank Arnold, a native of England, aged 31
veais 6 months and 25 days.
UFARD— In Alameda. February 17, 1900, Char-
lotte beloved wife of George Beard, a native
of England, aged GS years i months and 22
*(_?¦ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fulTv Invited to attend the funeral this day
/Monday), at 11 o'clock, from Christ Episco-
naJ Churvh, corner of Grand street and Santa
Clara avenue, thence to the 1 o'clock creek
boat. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
CURTIN— In this city, February 18, 1900. Kate
Curtin. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 60 years.
COVUN-In this city. February 18, 1900, Mary
A*lleen brtoved daughter of Patrick and Mary
Conlan. and sister of Raymond. Francis and
Be?sle Conlan, a native of San Francisco,
cged 5 months and 18 dayn.
CANNAVAN— In this city. February 17, 1900,
ItesVle beloved wife of the late John Canna-
van n'nd mother of the late Mrs. Abbie Sul-
livan and Henry Cannavan. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 74 years. •
KSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Monday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 63S'/4 Jessie street, thence to St. Jo-
(.rph's Church, where a requiem high mass
wl'l be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at » o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CARNEY— In this city. February 17. 1900. Isa-
bella Carney, a native of County Tyrone. Ire-
Co'nkOY— In this city. February 17.
Michael Conboy. a native of the parish of
Kiltoom. County Roscommon. Ireland, aged
65 years.
DELLOW— In this city. February 17, 1900. Mary
Francis beloved wife of Alec James Dellow.
—7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.,
. <Eucce»ors to Flar.nagan _ £*"¦*}*';»;__
fUN-KAL DIRECTORS AND EMRALiIBRS.
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦
/ncAVOV «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERSj
_34 Market st. between Bth and Bth. I
Telephone South 247. g
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
Mrs Peray. Cal IMrs W I Kllpatrlck,
Dr W S Taylor, Cal I Cal
B F Benedict. Boston II II Gage. Cleveland
H J Small. Sacto C A Balphl, Plttsburg
W W Foote. Oakland H Rowbotham. Phila
C G Foote, Oakland E J Loulr. S Diego
T T Dargie. Oakland W A Jackson, Los Ang
J Sparks, Reno J G Elmsby. Montana
W Kidston, Alameda J B Read, N V
P J Noteware, Stanfd Mrs J H Read. N V
W J Hogan. Redwood Mrs H D Forbes, Bost
J F Farraher. Cal Mrs II H Hirchlm. Bos
E L Kuhns, Indiana |W E Evans, Chicago
W P Colt, Lima F C Chlnn,- Sacto
J S Reid. Escandldo J R Martin, Los Ang
J F Duntley. Chgo J C Bralnard, Pasaden
Mrs J F Duntley, Chgo' l A Beretto. Oakland
Mrs W O Duntley. Chg J H Roys, U S N
Dr J Slguay, 8t Louis >J L Clark, Chgo
Mrs J Siguay, St Louis 'Mm J L Clark. Chgo
T W Schumacher. Chgo'T L Lillla. Los Ang
L R Swift, Fresno iQ W Krlnbaum. N V
E T Hobbs. Chicago !R W F Doble. Visalla
Mrs D W Bosley. ChgojJ F Brower, Boston
D Thompson. Cal I Mrs J F Brower. Bost
Mrs D Thompson. Cal IS H Stern. N V
F Thompson. Cal IMrs S H Stern. N V
Mrs F Thompson, Cal C W Price. Mont
W I Kilpatrlck. U S A W Falconer. Pittsburg
H Florsheim. Chgo Mlns D Bell, Los Ang
i GRAND HOTEL.
B X Knight, Sta Cruz W F Richardson, N V
A C Morrison, Placervl I>r J W Hayes, Cal
F E Holllster. Sacto G F Harrlll. Merced
C E Phlpps, Sacto Mrs H Barlson, Stocktn
W Wilson, Stockton G W dans, Denver
G G Wilson. Seattle W H Moore. VacavlU*
A W Stuart & w. Cal H G Brown. Los Ang
C H Walizer. Los Ang G H Hlrschvogel, Utah
H B Ballance Term E M Porter. Napa
O H Scrlven. Tucson F D McCullough _ w,
A Balrd _ w. Ohio Seattle
Miss BalrVl. Ohio C Troy, Chicago
J R Masten. Los Ang jR Bancroft. Merced
J C Barnard. Pasadena J W Glenn. Stockton
R E Rogers. NY J W Greene, Chicago
F Clalr, New York C Pluth & w, Cal
J Fernow, St Louis J E Keeler, Sacto
W Anker. Sn Bernard F Wulff, Colusa
E F Luclan _ w. Cal D C Gillin. Sacto
y Knapp, New York C A Andrews _w. Cal
L, W Croxson, NY W H Gregory, Cal
W F Knox. Sacto J Buick & w. Redding
W J Young _w, Cal Mrs F H Bushy, Cal
C H Clark. Cal J M Mason. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Stevenson & w. UtahjP E Hern _ w. Portld
E Kuhlmeyer, S Jose IE J Wilson _ w, Sacto
C R Breck. Fresno S A Brown, Ukiah
H M Lambert. Los Ang VV Drake, Modesto
G Ol«en Merced G W Johnson. Colfax
T Fay Los Ang H C Hern, Alaska
B A Bryan. Truckee J C Heater. Alturas
W Dswson, Rio Vista J Baker, Cloverdale
W J Wood. Virginia I
Shipping Intelligence.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 1».
Sun rises f : *^
Sun sets .5:;>3
Moon rises 10:54 P- ra.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
State of Cal Portland...... Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 14
Corona San Diego Feb. 22. 11 am Pier _
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Feb. «, 10 am Pier 13
Hom»r Oregon Ports. Feb. 22, 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt..... Feb. 12. 4pm Pier 13
Aloha Crescent City. Feb. 22, 4pm Pier S
Bonita San Pedro Feb. 24,' 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 24, 2pm Pier 2
City Puebla Vie _ Pgt Sd. Feb. 25, 10 am Pier »
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 27, 10 am Pier 24
NEWS OF MINES AND OIL WELLS
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. n_
Sundays t:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. n_
Bteam-heated closed car on all trlans.
Far*— Saa Francisco to Summit and Katura.
TO SAIL.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at GeyservlMe for Skags*
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for .Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
KelseyviUe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and nartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Hiu-e Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomr»,
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Uerley's.
Bucknell's. Sannodrln Heights. HullvlUe. Orr-a
Hot Springs. Mendocina City. Fort Braes.
Westport. l>al. Wlllitt*. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng*s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen' s. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. 4&EBB8
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market St.. Chronicle bUg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAS.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
7:39 am! S:00 am! Sebastopol. 110:40 am;iO:2s am
3:30 pm' 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pra| 8:23 pm
TO ARRIVE.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausnlito Ferry. .
Commencing October 1. IS3*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. •9:SO. 11:06 a. m.; "I:4*.
•»:40. 5:15. «:CO. «:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Han Ra-
fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 0:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:Oi). *10:00. *11: M a. m. ; "1:18,
»:15. »4:45. «:M, 9:60 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:B. ?6:15. 7:45. «9:40 a. m.;
•1J:2O. M 5. 'I^O, »5:18 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 4:40 and 10:1* p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:«. »8:00, 'IOW. 11:45 _ n_:
•1:40. # 3:IS. 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-r«:46. 8:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
IJ:J3, J:3S. 3:45. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at 7:04 and 10:20 p. to.
SUNDAYS— I:O6. 10:05 a. m.; 13:05. 1:15. 1:31.
6:00. 6:45 p. m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Casadero and way stattons.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves Saw Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFtt P- ra - with Palace and Tourist
kin 3 ca rs for Kansas Ctt/, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare da An
and Bakersfield. ;. r ,- V;. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•FDKrn COniSI Market Street. Phone Main
TKISIU SUOIN 1531; oafeiand, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
RfILiFORNiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
ixa t_ — Taoif Cxcx_a_a 13. 1333. — >
SAXLBOAB T2-_.V___
stone, the various fire clays, asphaltum
and all kindred Interests of the mineral
and metallic classes: to secure better
recognition of the mining industry in the
national Government ana to bring about
needed changes in the Federal mining
laws."
Now Shasta County has a "scrip" war
in which miners alone are contending.
The Mountain Copper Company has for a
good while been steadily acquiring mining
claims all about Its big Iron Mountain
copper mine, looking well to the future
and planning to greatly extend its mining
operations. But recently it began an ef
fort to secure 7900 acres as agricultural
land. It bought forest reserve rights and
located them on selected tracts to the ex
tent stated In the name of General Man
ager Louis T. Wright. Miners of the
whole region fiercely protested that the
lands were In a mineral belt, were min
eral and should be kept in the mineral
domain. One hundred and fifty men
gathered at a meeting In Shasta a week
ago and effected an organization to fight
the company's proceeding, which they
vigorously denounced. Whatever be the
merits of the controversy it Is a small
thing compared with the enormous
amounts of mineral land in that'northern
region which the railroad company has
secured patents to and which it is still
selecting for patent.
A special correspondent of the Mining
and Scientific Press has rediscovered
Mark Twain's original of "Truthful
James" up among the rich pocket mine*
of Jackass Hill, that classic old camp near
the Stanislaus, in Tuolumne County.
James Gillis of Sonora Is the said original
and he Is the principal proprietor of
things about Jackass Hill. Tne hill Is
honej'combed with old and new "coyote
hole' r shafts, and it is reported
that "thirty men are ai work on
this historic eminence. In one of the
Gillis mines the persistent searchers for
wealth are down ISO feet, which is about
as deep as any shaft was ever sunk on
the hill. The slate formation is traversed
with narrow ledges of quartz and these
ledges expand in spots to heavily mineral
ized chunks, from which quantities of free
gold are taken. One pocket thrown out
by a blast a few years ago yielded $45,000.
Within the past two weeks two pockets
containing $2000 have been extracted."
The mining regions are beginning to
worry about lack of rain and snow again.
The-two preceding dry years dealt a very
hard blow to the mining industry, and
when the heavy rains and snows of last
fall and early winter came all looked for
ward to a full water supply and an excep
tioiiully prosperous season. It has not
kept on snowing and the snows are pretty
well gone In tho Sierras, which means
low streams for the summer if the supply
is not replenished. The mining industry
needs heavy spring storms.
Alpine County has long- had a "lost
arrastre" mystery and a lost mine that
goes with It, and with the other lost mines
of the Pegleg sort and recent mining
activity near has revived
speculation about it again. It was away
oft* in the mountains somewhere and has
been seen by cattlemen In the past. It is
supposed to have been burled by detritus
brought down by a cloudburst.
The remarkable quartz crystals of great
size and clear quality which have been
taken from the Green Mountain mine In
Calaveras Countyhave netted the ownei
$17,000 so far. They are found in the
gravel along the rim of the burled ancient
channel which this drift mine penetrates.
Tiffany of New York has taken the prod
uct and cut the crystals into precious
balls, in which form they meet readiest
sale as ornaments, the value of such a
ball being sometimes thousands of dol
lars. These California crystals will form
a leading feature of Tiffany's display at
the Paris Exposition. The mine is now
being worked for gold, but the deposit of
crystals will be worked in the future as
the opportunities of the market allow.
A Fish Commisisoner in Tuolumne
County has caused contemptuous snorts
and surprised opposition by serving no
tice on mill owners to keep out of the
streams tailings, which do not agree with
fish, the said fish being protected by
statute from any lime, gas, tar, coccu
lus indicus, sawdust, mill refuse, etc.,
deleterious to fish. The Calaveraa Citi
zen vigorously opposes closing down the
mother lode mines or ccoking mill tall
ings for the benefit of "a few fish."
Another big low-grade mining enterprise
will be that orf the Royal Consolidated
mines at Hodson, in Western Calaveras
County. There is a great amount of low
grade ore which is cheaply mined, and for
a good while forty stamps have been
steadily and profitably dropping In the
present mill. It has been decided to add
a new 120-stamp mill, giving 160 stamps.
A new oil company having 640 acres
of land has placed its capital stock at
$640,000.
More rich strikes of water are being
made in the desert region and especially
about Randsburg, where a good deal of
boring is going on. One large flow was
struck at 150 feet, and near Goler the
Yellow Aster Company has just struck
a supply which was not affected by pump
ing 200,000 gallons in a day.
The number of oil derricks in Los An
geles City is steadily increasing. For the
last quarter of 1899 municipal license was
paid on 661 derricks.
. Secretary Strasburg of the Oil Storage
and Transportation Company of Los An
geles places the Btock of oil on hand in
the Los Angeles district at 12,000 barrels,
and estimates the present production of
Southern California as follows: "I do
not think the present production of oil
south of Tehachapi will reach 200,000 bar
rels a month. A liberal estimate would
be: Los Angeles, 3500 barrels a day. or
105,000 barrels a month; Fullerton, 15.000
barrels a month: Whittier. 15,000; Puente,
10,000, and Ventura and Santa Barbara
counties, 60,000."
Mining progress is steadily bringing the
low-grade and base ores of the Mohave
desert region into availability. At Victor,
San Bernardino County, the Rose Gold
Mining Company is now mining, milling
and cyaniding ore at a total cost of
$2 24 per ton, the cost of mining being
$1 19 per ton.
At the Oneida mine, Amador County,
the new shaft has reached a depth of
2000 feet,' where a station has been cut
and drifting on the rich ore body begun.
Six hundred feet of water has been
pumped from the old shaft, which Is being
unwatered.
An El Dorado County exchange says:
"From the monthly clean-up made at the
Union mine yesterday 200 pounds of gold
at a value of $40,000 were secured. The
expenses of running this mine are from
$30(30 to $4000 a month, so the net profit
i<* considerable. The value of the ore from
this mine averages from $200 to $700 per
ton Tlaere Is any quantity of ore valued
at $14 per ton, but no attention is being
paid to that now." ¦ -
The mining regions of the State will
send a good many mining men to try
their luck at Cape Nome this spring.
The company which has been operating
two big gold dredgers on the banks of
the American River, above Folsom. will
remove them to the Mokelumne River,
near Clements, in Calaveras County,
where large tracts of placer ground have
been bought. ,
The eighty stamps at the Gwin mine are
crushing 10,000 tons of ore per month.
J > v?< I .' r\*_N IV i .
DURING the week John M. Wright,
chajpnan of the mineral lands com
mittee of the California Miners'
Association, has received from
many quarters much indorsement
and encouragement for the pro
posed new law protecting oil miners in
prospecting on public lands by applying
the principle of the tunnel location law
to the oil Industry.
As under existing laws and decisions no
mining claim is a valid one and no land
mineral land until a "discovery" of min
eral has been made, and as petroleum can
seldom be discovered without the expendi
ture of time and money for boring, tbe
proposed law is obviously Just from every
point of view, and would interfere with
no rights except the technical and unjust
right of a "scripper" or other agricultural
claimant to get mineral land for mining
purposes by calling it agricultural an.l de
nying, for purposes of acquirement, the
existence of the mineral he seeks. Under
the proposed law one may locate a placer
claim in a supposed oil belt and may hold
the land pending discovery if he proceeds
with proper diligence.- The law, which
was framed by a joint committee com
posed of the mineral lands committee of
the California Miners' Association and a
committee of leading oil men, and which
included John M. Wright, Surveyor Gen
eral Gleaves, Curtis H. Lindley, W. H. H.
Hart. W. S. Keyes, A. S. Cooper, Messrs.
Canfleld, Jones and others, is as follows:
An act to amend the petroleum act, approved
by the President February 11, 1597, so that the
same shall read as follows:
Section 1. That any person or association
of persons authorized to enter lands under the
mining laws of the United States, may enter
and obtain patent to lands containing petroleum
or other mineral oils or other hydrocarbons,
and. chiefly valuable therefor, under the pro
visions of the laws relating to placer mineral
claims; provided, the locaters of placer mineral
claims believed to contain petroleum or other
mineral oils or other valuable hydrocarbons,
shall have three months from and after the
marking of their claims on the ground within
which to begin work for the purpose of com
pleting discovery, and such discovery when
made while working the claim with reasonable
diligence, Ehall relate back and have effect
nunc pro tune as though made before or at the
time of marking the claim on the ground. No
adverse rights to any part of the claim can be
acquired by other parties within said period
of three months, nor thereafter while work
thereon Is being prosecuted with reasonable
diligence: but failure to prosecute work for
clx months shall be considered as an abandon
ment of the claim and failure to begin work
within said ierlod of threa months ehall work
a forfeiture of the claim.
When any location is made on surveyed
land the filing of a verified copy of the notice
of the location in the local land office within
twenty days after the marking of the claim
on the ground, shall operate to withdraw the
claim from entry, and failure to bo file such
notice shall work a forfeiture of the claim.
Provided lands containing such petroleum,
or other mineral oils, or other hydrocarbons,
which have heretofore been filed- upon, claimed
or improved as mineral, but not yet patented,
may be held and patented under the provisions
ot this act the same as If such filing:, claim
or improvement were subsequent to the date
of the passage hereof; and provided, the cwn
ers of such locations made before the passage
of this Ret ehall have three months from and
after the approval thereof, within which to
file verified copies of the notices of their loca
tions in the local land office, and failure to so
file such notices shall work a forfeiture of their
Sec. 2. This act shall not apply to the Dis
trict of Alaska.
A typical response received by Mr.
Wright during the week is that of C. C.
Wright of Los Angeles, who says: "I
have given the bill a careful reading and
it has my very warm indorsement. If such
a bill can be enacted it will put at rest all
the questions which are now vexing those
who are seeking honestly to develop oil
lands. We ought to make a strong pull
and a pull all together for the enactment
of this bill, riease let me know if there
is anything I can do to further the cause. '
The bill will be sent to Washingt*. 1 for
Introduction by some member of the Cali
fornia delegation this week, and it will be
backed by strong influences. A somewhat
similar but less valuable bill has been in
troduced by a Wyoming representative.
As the measure is of interest only where
portions of the remaining public domain
are oil-bearing it will arouse no class or
sectional opposition, and any opposing ar
guments by those interested in acquiring
public oil lands in deserts as agricultural
lands will necessarily be weak.
The outlook for mining legislation in
Congress has wonderfully brightened dur
ing the present session. When California
proposed a governmental department de
voted to mining. several years ago. there
were few answering echoes. Proposed
mining legislation of all sorts received lit
tle attention or favor. The Land Office
was hostile until Hermann succeeded
Lameroux. The industry was not an or
ganized force and was not heard and felt
as a unified interest. It was not of enough
consequence to command great prestige.
Now it has awakened to a wonderful
new development. It is rapidly approach
ing an output of an annual billion in raw
material. Its stupendous future possibil
ities are being clearly seen and Its enor
mous significance in the industrial and
commercial life of the nation is being ap
preciated. It is cutting a large figure in
the foreground of the nation's great
Western advance which is stirring the in
terests of the world. So it ia not co
strange that one of the bills creating a
Cabinet department of mines and min
ine has Just won the victory of a favor
able report from a House committee. The
chances of its passage by this Congress
are uncertain. When it becomes the pres
ent issue in House and Senate it will meet
opposition and its outlook may be seen
to need two or three more .years pf
brightening, but Uncle, Sam will surely
have a Secretary of Mining before very
long. Probably the people after a Secre
tary of. Commerce and Industry will have
to be dickered with. But the scheme will
receive far more favor than even a year
af Thls condition gives encouragement for
the mineral lands bill, for the petroleum
bill, for the revision of mining laws and
other measures for the benefit of the
m The"' report of the Federal engineers
composing the California Debris Commis
sion at last formulating an Impounding
scheme calls for $800,000 for proposed re
straining barriers in the Yuba River and
as but $500,000 has been appropriated by
nation and State for the work California
has a $300,000 appropriation to go to work
for.
Very active preparations for the third
annual meeting of the International Min
ing Congress in Milwaukee, June 19-23, are
being made by the executive committee,
and the meeting promises to be the larg
est and most important convention of
mining interests yet held. Over 1000 del
egates will be named by Governors and
organizations Invited to send representa
tives and over 100 technical and scientific
experts have already signified their in
tention to be present. California should
be and probably will be well represented.
Organized effort to do something for the
great mining industry began with the
California Miners' Association in 1892, and
and its work and example have been the
chief factors in getting the mining Inter
ests to work together for the industry.
The mining men of the West and the
Congressional delegations from the West
have up to now accomplished what has
been done without the co-operation of the
coal iron copper -and other mining, inter
ests'of the East. Holding the congress at
Milwaukee will awaken Interest in the
East and draw those forces into active
co-operation. The influence of this con
gress will be a big force in aid of the
mining legislation asked of Congress, and
which chiefly originated in California. It
is good to see newly permeating the in
dustry the spirit, hope and confidence re
flected in a recent address .by the ex
ecutive committee as follows:
"A new commerce, a new policy, a new
destiny and a new purpose for being and
living confronts 75,000,000 of people, and
the greatest factor in promoting the
wealth and the power of this country is
the mining industry that is the power of
this country. It is the mining Industry
that is the power that will most easily,
naturally .'and permanently build up our
foreign trade, restore prosperity among
the people and lay a firm financial
foundation for the present and future
generations. It la therefore urged that all
earnest scientists, metallurgists and prac
tical mining and mill men, manufac
turers of mining machinery and all others
interested in advancing the welfare of
this nation attend and participate In the
deliberations of this coming session of the
International Mining Congress, and by
their presence, ¦ instruction and advice
make the proceedings of this assembly so
interesting and so educational in their
character as to command favorable con
sideration throughout the civilized world.
It is not the object of -this congress to
confine Its considerations alone to that of
mining for gold and silver and their, by
.jprod.uc.ts, but that of Jrpn, coal^ marble^
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
fully Invited to attend the funeral thli day
(Monday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 13094 Broadway. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by 8:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
DANA— In this city, February 17. 1900, Henry
A. Dana, a native of New York, aged 89 years
9 months and 7 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at Z o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 406
Powell etreet. near Post.
DELFINO— In thla city. February 18, 1900,
Florence, beloved daughter of George and
Lottie Delflno, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 8 months.
DESMOND— In this city, February IS, 1900, Wil-
liam F., beloved son of William and the late
Margaret Desmond, a native of Sin Francisco,
aged SO years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the Darlors of J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 767
Mission Btreot.
ELLIOTT— In Oakland, February 17, 1900. at
the County Hospital, from pulmonary tuber-
culosis. Thomas Elliott, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 50 years.
ESCHELBACH— In this city, February 17, 1900,
George Eachelbach, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 4 months and 2 days.
EGGENBERGER— In this city. February 18.
1900. Ann Eggenberger, a native of Germany,
aged E6 years.
l_r Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew _ English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
GRANIEST— In this city.' February 17, 1900,
Friederlcke Marie Louise, beloved wife of
Otto Granlest. dauchter of Mrs. Friedericke
Sonnenberg of Berlin, and slater of Mrs. Mar-
tha Kuhn of Los Angeles, Mrs. Dr. Coler and
Mrs. Dr. Froehlich of Germany, a native of
¦Anhalt, Germany, aged 65 years. (Los An-
geles papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1212 Mason street, between Washington
and Jackson. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARDY— In this city, February IS, 1900. Fran-
cis, infant son of Frank and Anna Hardy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
1 day.
JOHNSON— In FrultvaJe, February 18. 1900,
Charles S., father of Sidney L. and Cornelia
C. Johnson, a native of Kentucky, aged 57
years.
E_r Funeral sen-ices and Interment private
to-morrow (Tuesday), from his late residence,
Drookslde, Frultvale.
KINCAID— In Oakland, February*l7. 1900, Mrs.
Isabella Klncald. beloved mother of William
and leabe-lla Klncald. and widow of the late
William Klncald. a native of Sunderland.
England, aged 58 years.
B_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock. Interment
etrtctly Private. Mountain View Cemetery.
LEE— In the City and County HosDital, Feb-
ruary 17, 1900, Charles Lee. a native of Ohio,
aged 41 years.
LEDWITH— In this city, February 17, 1300,
Charles Francis, Jbeloved son of Mary and the
late Nicholas Ledwith. and brother of John
J. and Olimon T. Ledwith. a native of Point
Reyes, Cal., aged 82 years 9 months and IS
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances ax« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LOANE— In this city, February 18, 1900, Henry
S. Loane, a native of Baltimore, Md., aged 86
years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, February IS, 1900,
Dennis McCarthy, beloved brother of Mrs.
Ellen Nyhan and Mrs. Mary Nyhan and
the late James and John McCarthy, a native
of Lelp. County Cork, Ireland, aged E6 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at St. Peter's
Church, for the repose of the soul of the late
Rev. Cornelius O'Connor. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
PHILLIPS— In this city, February IS, 1900,
Philip, beloved husband of Sarah Phillips,
and father of Pauline Phillips, a native of
England.
SLAVEN— In this city, February IS, 1900.
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mrs. T.
Slaven, and father of John Slaven, a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years.
SCHMIDT— In this city, February 18. 1900. Mrs.
Heacrico Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
44 years. .
SMITH— In this city. February 18, 1900, Jane
M., wife of G. Canning Smith, a native of
New York, aged 82 years. (Mendocino County
papers please copy.)
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
THIME— In this city, February IS. 1900, of
diphtheria, Joseph, beloved son of Joseph and
Carrie Thlme. and brother of Hilda Thlme.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 8
__ ______ . . \
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62UEEABXTKT. £sUbllshf4
In 1534 tor the treatment o( Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease Tearing on bodyand m in d an d
Skin Diseases. The doctorenres when
otbersfaU. Try him. Chursres low
Cnrfifnaranterd. Callorwrite.
Or. 4, * . -IBBOXt Bo< 1957, Saa FroncUwa
United States Coast and Ceodetio Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
GREATESTSALEOFTHEYEAR!
£* r3_sj __a
SIXTEEN ROTALLT BRED
RACEHORSES,
In full trainlaz from
BITTER ROOT STOCK FARM. Montana.
Property of Marcus Daly. Esq.. will be sold at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
T2l HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
TUESDAY. EVENING. F»b. 20. 1900,
At 8 o" clock sharp.
Remember there Is no reserve, and the fol-
lowing must be sold: Scotch B»>lle. Burdock.
Bonitary. Cushion. Chaste. Harry Corby. Im-
modell, Malaport. Montana Chieftain. The
Gafflr, Time Center. Too Hot. Ullagon. 'Ward-
man. Salvera and Shaft.
Horses will be in Section "P." Inglesida
track, until Monday, then they will b« taken
to aalesyard.
Major S and several other noted raceborsss)
will also ba sold during; th« evening.
TVM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready.
NOTES— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
Rr.d then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
AUCTION.
AUCTION AUCTION
TUESDAY, February 20th,
At 11 O'clock A. M-,
ON PREMISES. SIS-51S WASHrNOTON ST..
eOVERiNMENT SUPPLIES,
ConsUtlntr of 1000 Tents; WOO Curtate- aad
Nets; COCO Duck and Drill Mattress Corars: 1001
Sleeping Bajrs; iWO Pillows; 4000 Shelter Tents t
SCO German Sliver Band Instruments, Bus and
Snare Drums; 106 Filters; MO Galvanized Water
Buckets: 800 Assorted Shovels, etc.
Contractors. Klondlkers. resort _»«p<f.
campers, hotels, steamboats, sallmaksra. tent
and awnlns; makers, attention called to thla
sale. NEW TORK AUCTION CO.,
Auction**! —
OAKLAND— AUCHON— OAKLAND.
MONDAT. TUESD-AT. rebrnary MtV KJ3W
at 1 o'clock sharp, 909 WASHINGTON ST.. be-
tween Eighth and Ninth— loo LAROB IM-
PORTED RUGS. L. SCHA-FFER. Auctlonaer.
• a CTH KB* PACIFIC COMriST,
(PACITIO STST— K.)
Train !«••» v« null str« da* !• _rrl*»s_«
MAN riIA?ICISCO.
(Main Lloe. Foot of Market 3tre«l) .
*7i«Oa Benlda, Eoliron, Elmin. V*_tl_j,
Bsmseyand Saersj—ento *7«— Sv
•?«••» B_wta "Express— DaTia, WC—wa,
R«d Blu_. Portland TrtOr
"Ti3*a MarUnea. San Ramon. Vallejo. N»pa,
CalUtosa and Santa Bosa ««il3»
»8i3»» The Overland Limited— Osden, Dea.
to; Omaha. Chicago ••• *8*139
•iiS»* Ban Jose. _ Irenaora. Stockton,
lotjo, Baeramento, Placerrt-S,
M»rys»iil.\ Chico. lted Dlnff MtlS*
¦ftiS** 'Milton, OaJ tdaloaad ttoccra Mtl.tr
•»:OOa Haywanla, Nlles acd Way Stations. ¦ t li 13*
•»:OO * DaTis, Woodland. KnlshU Landing.
MatysTille, OioiUte. *?*¦»_
? OtO»* Atlantto Kxpiesa— Ogden and East •'J:l3_
•D3O9M MarUnea, Tracy, L*_rop, Stockton.
Merced and b'reano. »ia«i3#
•¦iO»* Port Cos— , fcrotuo, Alojaio aud Lm
Adb«l«i ««v€3»
•10:00 1 Tallrjo, Martlnsa and Way Stations *6:435>
•1 1 too a Hsywards. NUes ard Way Buttons. •->-«-»
•I3t:«o_ Niks, Lirermore. Stockton, Sacra-
¦ento, Mendota, Hani ord, Visal— »
Fcrtejrllte *i«l»sj
? ItOOr Bacnunento lUtwt Steamers t*«OO»
•8:OOr Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. *3i43»
«4iO*r Maittaez. San lUmon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calbtoga. Saut* Rosa •Oils*
•li»Or Bcnicij. VacaTllle, Karrniinnto,
Woouland. Kntgbts L_ idiog,
MarrsTille. O»o? ill* •!•:¦«.'» a
¦4 iSOt HUes. Ban Jose and Stockton •7:13*
•B:OOrTh« Owl liaiitcd— Tracy. Fremo.
BakersOelU. Sangua i fcr Santa V*f
bara. Los Arseles »10t*3A
«5t«O? Sortet U_lted— £l Paso. S«w Or-
leansand East «lO»t3A
•3i3»r Stockton, Merceit. Fr«wno M_U3r
•3i3«p ITiesnot l_kersliel<l. Banta R*rl>ara.
Les Angeles. Demin& El Pajo,
Naw Orleans aud East •Srtaa
*3i3«r BmU to Uoiite— AtlanUo Express
for Molars ami East "Ojl.ip
•O:OOp Hajwaitb. Nji cs » n d Kin Jose *7;4^»
tfltßOp Vallejo # I2il.ir
•Ct3OrOrlent_Mall— Ogtlen and East 'Si.-JOf
I?:«°r Vallcjo. Vort Coeta and Way SU-
Uona. J»x33r
•9<4t3r Otegouaod California Express. Mao
rainentu. Mirysitilr. ItixMlri?.
rortl»i»». TugffH Hoiin.l mm! Kas> **«I3a
OAST M?I\IO:{ tS.irrour l.aupc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•Ssi()AH«wark,Centeriiile,KanJoso.F<>lton.
Boulder CreeM— ata Crc_and Way
Stations , •3i_«»
fail.tr Newark, Centerrllle, San Joso. New
Abßaden, Felton. Moulder Creek.
Santa Cita and IMncical Way
SUUods ?.'•« M»
. Mil.li> JCewark. Saa Jose. Los Gatos. *»:20_
IllilSp Hnnters* Excursion. San Jom aad
Way Stations y7i«OT>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
m_Bis mscisco— r«t ,r »„,,» simttsii* sv—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M. 1143 *2:53 t3:C3
•|:C0 15:03 •«:C3r.M.
fr.s-oaU«3— 'aoUfßrsiiwiy.— "fl.OO 8:00 10:00*. *.
t!3:C3 *I<3 t2:53 «3:C3 tt.-CJ 'Z.iZr.n.
COAST MTISIO.f (Oread Oaag*).
(Third and Townaend SU.)
4«il»A Ocean Vtar. South Han Franeisoo.. ?«»»O»
•7iO»* San Josa ami Wsy Stations (New
.' Almadcu Wednesdays ouly) MiSOy
: «»!O»a Baa Jom. Tiea l'in<». Hanta, Crna,
' Picllia Urova. Vaso llobles. San .
f J.iiU Oblsro.- Snif, Lam poo and
Principal Way SUtioos * 4 *l**
•lOt4O* flan Joss ana W«y Stations V •«•&>*
•IliSO* Saa Jose ami Way autloiis •StSOv
4St43p Bsn Mateo. Itedwood, Menlo Pmzk,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Ban Joset
Tr_ Plnoa, SauU Cms. Ba—aaa,
Uontexey ami l'aclilo 0r0r5...... |10:3« a.
'ISta*pßaaJea«aad Way Buttons *7:30y
? l:13p San Jose and Principal Way Buttons *9:43 a
t3:O«p San Jose and Principal Wai Stations tihOoa
*3:3OpBanJoe«andPrincln_WaySUtt ons *B:S3_
•«i3«p Ban Josa and WiySUtlona.. t1:»<>»
|Hi43p San Joea anJ Way SUtlons *7i^»T
1 A foe Uocninc. P for AiUrnooo.
¦ Daily. t SuixUy exeepted. I Studay only.
b Saturday only.
iTwfli" *~* IM***T* • Thnisdaja aad — ZDdan>
ARRIVED.
Eunday. February M.
Stmr Senator. Patterson. 79 hours fm Seattle.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. 17 hours fnn Green-
Strrir Despatch, Johnson, 38 hours from San
Stmr Crescent City. Btockfleth. 33 hours from
Crescent City. . _ ,
Btmr Newsboy. Walvig, 20 hours from Lsal.
Btmr Elihu Thomson, Whitney, 4 days from
Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, II hours from Newport
6tmr Gipsy. Leland, S3 hours fm Moss Lend
ing and way ports.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. 31 hours fm Eureka.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. 36 hours from Yen-
Bark 9 C Allen, Johnson, 19 days from Hono
lulu
Bark Amy Turner. Wariand. 21 days fm Hilo.
Br bark Calthness-shlre, Stott. 74 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson. 19 days frm Hono-
Bktn Gleaner. Peck, 8 days from Columbia
Brie Galilee.- Dinsmore. SSVi days frm Tahiti.
Brig J D Spreckels. Erratt. 14V4 days from
Brig U _urllne. TurlofT. 17 days frm Kahulul.
Schr Mary C, Matsen. 9 hours from Bodega.
SAILED.
Sunday, February 13.
Stmr Pomona, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Ger ship Bchwarzenbek. Nlcolanl, Queens
°Schr Llla and Mattle. Llndberg.
Schr John A. Nilsson.
Schr Suarrow, Dart, Eupefca.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 13. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Br bark Calthness-shlre— Jan I^—3 40 B
120 W. bktn Omega, from Columbia River for
Valparallso.
COLLISION.
The brie John D Spreckels. while comln* to
anchor off Meiggs wharf, ran foul of the brig
Galilee, anchored, carrying away Galileos Jib
boom. The John D Spreckels had Jlbboom, fore
topmast and fore rigging carried away.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADT.OCK— SaiIed Feb 17— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived Feb 18— Schr Conflanza.
hence Feb 11.
Sailed Feb 13— Schr Joseph and Henry, for
San Francisco,
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 18— Schr Fortuns. he
Feb 14; stmr Laguna. hence Feb 16: stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro: schr Laura Ptke. hence
Feb 10: stmr Greenwood, hence Feb 17.
Sailed Feb 15— Stmr Luella. for San Fran-
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Albion,
hence Feb 17: stmr Sequoia, hence Feb 17.
FORT ROSS— Satled Feb IS— Schr Nettle
Sundborg. for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr Alca
zar, hence Feb 17.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 18— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco: etmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arlved Feb IS— H B M stmr
Pheasant.
COOS BAT— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKE-ET— Sailed Feb 18-Schr Wa
wona. for NewDort.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton: stmr La Touralne, from
Havre: stmr Phoenicia, from Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb IS— Stmr Cerio.
from Liverpool for New York. ¦
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 13,
Week Sun- I*o3. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination, days. Days.
7:30 am B:COam Novato. 10:40 am] 8:40 am,
330 pm 9:3f>am Petaluma. 6:0;" pmjlo:2.» am
C:lopm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:23pra
7:30 am! I Hcpland and I
| 8:00 am' Uklah. | 7:33 pm; «:22 pn
7:30 ami I |10:K ana
8:00 ami Guerneville. 7:33 pmi
3:30 pm| \ I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 ami B:4oara
and j
S:l> pm s:oApm Glen Eilen. C:O3 pm[ 4:22 pm
9
From.
I Du-.
Steamer.
c tat . of Cal Portland Feb. 19
Tellu* ........ Oyster Harbor. Feb. 19
Empire' •••• Coos Bay Feb. 19
Co«ma • San D!< *'° :: — •- Feb - w
Xrcata • Coos 8ay.......... Feb. 20
Orescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 20
Homer ........ Portland..... Feb. 20
Peru Panama Feb. 20
Willamette Seattle Feb. 20
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Keb. 21
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. 21
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 21
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 21
Bonita ...••• Newport Keb. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb.. 22
North Fork Humboldt..^.. Feb. 23
Benmohr Oyster Harbor.. Feb. 23
Columbia P0rt1and.................. Feb. U
Pomona San Diego Feb. 24
Samoa •• Humboldt Feb. 24
America Marti.. China and Japan Feb. 24
Queen .....¦.•.•• Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 26
Steamer. | Destination, j
Sails.
I Pier.
City of Para Panama.. iFeb. 19.U mIPMSS
Tillamook .. TUlamook..... Feb. 19, 10 am Pier 2
Walla W'a. Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 30, 10 am Pier *
Coca Bay... Newport....... Feb. 20, Sam Pier 11
Samoa ..... Humboldt Feb. 20. 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Pusret Sound.. Feb. 20, 6pm Pier :t
Alumeda ••¦ Sydney Feb. 21, Bpm Pier 7
D Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW L, W HW . L W
19 ... 2:03 5.2 8:2» 1.3 8:04 4.0 B:04 2.2
2» ... 2:35 5.2 9:21 1.2 4:12 1.7 »:M ' 2.S
21 ... 3:10 6.2 10:22 1.1 6:30 8.6 9:39 2.9
22 ... 3:55 5.2! 11:28 0.8 «:51 S.« 10:&3 3.J
23 ... 4:55 5.21 12:32 0.6 8:00 8.9 .'...
L, W HW liW HW
24 ... O;1S 8.2 6:03 5.3 1:31 0.! 8:52 4.2
23... I:2S 3.1 7:IS • 5.4 2:24-0.1 9:35| 4.«
From.
I Du-.
Steamer.
c tat . of Cal Portland Feb. 19
Tellu* ........ Oyster Harbor. Feb. 19
Empire' •••• Coos Bay Feb. 19
Co«ma • San D!< *'° :: — •- Feb - w
Xrcata • Coos 8ay.......... Feb. 20
Orescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 20
Homer ........ Portland..... Feb. 20
Peru Panama Feb. 20
Willamette Seattle Feb. 20
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Keb. 21
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. 21
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 21
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 21
Bonita ...••• Newport Keb. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb.. 22
North Fork Humboldt..^.. Feb. 23
Benmohr Oyster Harbor.. Feb. 23
Columbia P0rt1and.................. Feb. U
Pomona San Diego Feb. 24
Samoa •• Humboldt Feb. 24
America Marti.. China and Japan Feb. 24
Queen .....¦.•.•• Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 26
D Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW L, W HW . L W
19 ... 2:03 5.2 8:2» 1.3 8:04 4.0 B:04 2.2
2» ... 2:35 5.2 9:21 1.2 4:12 1.7 »:M ' 2.S
21 ... 3:10 6.2 10:22 1.1 6:30 8.6 9:39 2.9
22 ... 3:55 5.2! 11:28 0.8 «:51 S.« 10:&3 3.J
23 ... 4:55 5.21 12:32 0.6 8:00 8.9 .'...
L, W HW liW HW
24 ... O;1S 8.2 6:03 5.3 1:31 0.! 8:52 4.2
23... I:2S 3.1 7:IS • 5.4 2:24-0.1 9:35| 4.«
Steamer. | Destination, j
Sails.
I Pier.
City of Para Panama.. iFeb. 19.U mIPMSS
Tillamook .. TUlamook..... Feb. 19, 10 am Pier 2
Walla W'a. Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 30, 10 am Pier *
Coca Bay... Newport....... Feb. 20, Sam Pier 11
Samoa ..... Humboldt Feb. 20. 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Pusret Sound.. Feb. 20, 6pm Pier :t
Alumeda ••¦ Sydney Feb. 21, Bpm Pier 7Address to Social Democrats.
The Social Democrats who gathered In
the Turk-street Temple last evening, lis
tened to an interesting address : from Pr.
UnderwQod entitled "Co-operation." Tho
talk was of a sociological character ftfld
was a resume of the existing conditions
between capital and labor and a pica for
co-operation and united effort -toward tho
betterment of the , status of the working
classes. At the conclusion of tho address
the usual, questions, were answered and
the usual general discussion Indulged in. .
HER MIND UNBALANCED
Helen Henderson, a Young Girl Be
„ trayed. Under Promise of Mar
riage, Wants to Die.
Helen Henderson, a pretty girl living at
407 Taylor street, is being detained in the
Insane ward in the Receiving Hospital, as
Bhe has threatened to commit suicide and
her brother and sister fear that she will
carry her threat Into execution. She will
soon become a mother and the shame has
unbalanced her mind.
Samuel Treadwell. a young man em
ployed as a carpet layer by Ackerman &
Kohn, Geary street, was arrested Satur
day night by Officer McMurray of the So
ciety for the Suppression of Vice on a
warrant charging him with betrayal
under promise of marriage. The warrant
was obtained by the girl's sister. Agnes.
Treadwell was released on $2000 bonds.
GOLDBERQ, BOWEN t COS SPECIAL SATINS SALE
OOLDBERG
BOWEN
& CO
Smoke
Bigger cigars of well known brands
here for a bit than any where else
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— reg'ly 50c lb 40C
Each pound of tea a prize — the
value Is in its flavor— ten varieties
Hams— Old Dominion I3^C
reg'ly is\c lb to-day
Will soon be higher
EggS ' dozen 17JC
Good — like the ham
Sardines— Lazeran 2OC 25C
reg'ly 25c ani 30c tin — boneless
Finest fish from France
Coffee-Kona 25c
reg'ly 30c lb— roast or ground
From Uncle Sam's coffee plantation
Prunes »> 5c
Everyone should have prunes
as an occasional diet
Burgundy— Howell mountain 45C
reg ly 75c gallon
Stands diluting
Asparagus-tftcfcmott 30c
rcg'ly 35C tin — extra large white
Big pieces all edible
Potass water— ¦sc/»t«pp« $\ 25
reg'ly $i 50 dozen
A superior diluent for Scotch
whisky or other liquor
BaCOn— Beechnut 25C
Sliced — in glass jars
Port— private stock bottle 50C
reg'ly 75c bottle $2 50 gallon gal $2
California excels herself in
fine port wine — this is extra
full body and rich
Canned fruits 3 tins 25c
reg'ly ioc tin— variety of fruits
all good
Blacking- Acme I2 Jc
reg'ly 20c bottle-^water proof
Soft— elastic— pliable— for finest kid
Unßth Inches o ¦g* J0 « ioVf uU n»^
Height Inches 8H B>j 94 o>l 10& v
Regularly 40c Joe 60c 70c 80c 90c
Special 35c 40c 30c 60c tyc 75c
Pastiles—^enur 2 oc
reg'ly 25c box— little wooden trunk
Full of excellent eating chocolate-.
0 1 i VeS— reg'ly 25c quart 2OC
Black ripe
Dentifrice—A'»aud'« 2 bottles 65c
w<ly 40c bottle
to keep a sharp lookout for him. He
Is a man about 25 years of age, of slight
build, and has a slight blonde mustache.
ADAMS FLED HASTILY
TOWARD SANTA CLARA
The following details regarding the
flight of Adams after the tragedy, and his
account of the shooting, were received
last evening In a dispatch from San Jose:
Gilbert Adams was arrested at Santa
Clara at 7 o'clock this evening by Deputy
Sheriff Louis Dosse as he was leaving the
train that had Just arrived from San
Francisco. He was placed in Jail here,
and to-night appears in good spirits. The
following is his account of the shooting:
"The death of Kepner was an accident,
as I had no Intention of killing him. The
whole trouble was caused by the porter,
who has been lying about me' for some
time.
"A short time ago the shop was reduced
from a 15-cent to a 10-cent place, and It
seems that the porter had been trying to
'knock' me by telling the proprietor that
I had been injuring the shop by such
practices as using dirty towels and a
cheap quality of perfume. Last Friday I
had some trouble with the porter, and ex
pected to be fired at once, but Kepner said
nothing to me until to-day at noon. We
walked home togetner last nig~t. as I
boarded with him, but he said nothing
then. To-day at noon he told me I had
better look for another job.
"I said all right, and went for the valise
in which I kept my tools. In this valise
was a 32-callber revolver, and I took It
out and put it in my pocket. Then I went
to Harry Knowles" cigar stand, near the
shop, and left a couple of coats there md
went back to the shop- to talk the affair
over with Kepner. I told him the stories
about my running the shop down were not
so. and Kepner said he believed them be
cause he had been told so by two custom
ers. We got into a heated argument over
the tales, and I finally told him they were
a pack of lies.
Kepner advanced toward me In a
threatening manner and said: 'Don't you
dare to call me a d— d liar, G— d d— d you!"
I pulled out the revolver to run a bluff on
him and told him to keep away from me.
He told me I couldn't run any bluff on
him, and kept advancing. I retreated and
fell backward on account of getting my
feet caught in a stool. As I fell he Jumped
on me and the revolver went off whllo he
was striking at me, killing him. When
the shooting occurred two or three per
sons rushed In and Harry Knowles took
the revolver.
"I was bareheaded and went to Kep
ner's.house to get my hat. At first I In
tended to give myself up to the police, but
finally concluded to go to Santa Clara to
see my brother George. I walked to Valen
cia street and found there was no car
there. Then I walked to MUlbrae and
caught a car. I was arrested as I was
leaving the train."
While Dosse was taking Adams to his
brother's house the horse became fright
ened and ran away throwing both men
from the buggy and bruising them both
slightly. . Adams received several super
ficial wounds on the scalp, and now claims
that they were inflicted by Kepner In f .hrlr
struggle before the revolver was dis
charged.
ill. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
CAREY STABS
"JIM" QUINN
WITH A FORK
Well-Known Turf Followers
Do Battle in an Ellis-
Street Saloon.
QUARREL BEGAN OVER A BET
Principals and Friends Vainly En
deavor to Keep the Affair Prom
Knowledge of the Police.
During a row In Peln Bros.' saloon at
Ellis and Powell streets Saturday night
"Jim" Quinn, the well T known horseman,
was stabbed in the back and leg by "Ed"
Carey, also a horseman. The- weapon used
was a two-pronged fork, which Carey
picked off the lunch counter. For somo
reason the proprietors of the saloon did
all in their power to keep the news of the
cutting from the police.
The Peins, as well as the bartenders,
professed Ignorance of the affair, even de
nying that Qjilnn had been in the saloon.
From an eye-witness, however, the police
learned that Quinn and Willie Shields, the
Jockey, were in the saloon when Carey en
tered. Quinn Immediately started a row
with Carey, declaring that Carey had
given him the "double cross" on a certain
race, and, losing his temper. Qulnn picked
up a bottle of whisky that was standing
on the counter and .brought It down on
Carey's head. Although stunned from
the effects of the blow, Catey grabbed his
assailant and forced him over to the lunch
counter. Picking up the fork, he Jabbed
Qulnn In the leg and also in the back.
The wounded man at once released his
hold on Carey and fell into the arms of
one of his friends. Several bystanders
then Interfered, and after disarming Carey
led him from the saloon. Qulnn was im
mediately hustled Into a hack and driven
to his home. Several hours after the cut
ting Police Officer Keyes found him in
his room, attended by a physician. Qulnn
admitted that he had been stabbed, but
refused to give the name of his assailant.
He claimed he did not know the man, and
informed the officer that he would not
prosecute the stabber, even if the police
succeeded In establishing his Identity.
Carey was on the streets as usual yes
terday, but refused to discuss the affair.
He, however, confided to a friend that he
was forced to stab Quinn, as he feared
that the latter was about to kill him.
Just what the trouble was that precipi
tated the row Is not known except by the
two men. A friend of Carey's says that
Qulnn was angered at the'fork wielder on
account of some bet which ho Influenced
Quinn to make, and threatened to get even
with him. To-day an effort will be made
by the police to induce Quinn to swear to
a complaint against Carey.
Gilbert Adams Fatally
Wounds E.S. Kepner,
After a Dispute Con
cerning Latter's Wife.
In the Excitement that Followed
the Affray the Assailant Made
His Escape, but Was Arrested
Late Last Night at San Jose.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHALYS
...AND...
DIMITIES.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls, -"try it. AU druggists. •
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, boo- flask.-. Richards & Co., 406 Clay*
WINTER RESORT.
SPECIAL ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES SSfpnu.
Most noted Mineral Springs in United States.
Marveloua cum of Rheumatism. Blood. Liver
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders ADDIr
VRAKK W. ELY. City Agent. M 0 il«ket sU
Crushed to Death by a Wagon.
Manuel Miguel, an employe of the
Spring Valley Water Works, fell from his
wagon ami was run over at San Mateo
Friday afternoon,* receiving Injuries from
which 'ho died a few hours later at St.
Mary's Hospital in: this city. Deceased
was seventeen years of age and a native
of Portugal. The body was . removed to
tho Morgue. ; . -
I.iutli-*' kid shoes. In lace or button, for
It, worth t3. Sho« sale, 717 Market st. ?
330 MARKET ST. S.F.
OEWEY.STRONG&CO.
1 ?PATENTSf i
Charged With Larceny.
M. Welnberg was arrested last evening
by Detectives Ryan and ODea on com
plaint of a. saloon-keeper named William
Krlodmnn. He was locked in the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Friedman recently came to this city from
the Knst and opened a saloon at 1028 Fol
hom street. He hired Welnberg. who was
formerly a peddler, as barkeeper. To-day
Friedman missed $163 In coin which he
luul hidden In a rear room of the saloon.
Hfi had his barkeeper arrested because
h«i clnlmft Wclnberg was the only person
li«'hli!.\s himself who knew where the
montiy .wan concealed.
to. perform the last offices demanded by
respect and dictated by affection.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies
those present passed slowly around the
casket and looked for the last time on
the features they knew so well.
Followed by an 'Immense cortege of
mourners the body was taken to the Ma
sonic Cemetery, where it was placed
in. a vault to remain until some day dur
ing the latter part of this week, when
It will, bo taken to the crematory und
Incinerated, in compliance with the oft
repeated instructions: of the deceano<l.
The pall bearers who olllciated yester
day were William Alvord, the banker; L,
\\adhum., who .had been an intlmattj
friend of- the deceased, and four win
ployes chosen from among tho*e who hud
been longest with the house of Ilotallug,
LAST RITES OVER THE
BODY OF A. P. HOTALING
Masons Escort -It to the . Masonic
Cemetery and Place It in a Vault,
Where It Now Awaits
. Cremation.
The funeral services over the body of
the late A. P. Ilotallng were held at 10
o'clock yesterday morning in the Ma
nonic Temple on Post street. The large
hall of the Masons was crowded to the
doors, not only by the relatives and asso
ciates of the dead man, but by innumer
able poor people, who testified by their
presence to the grief they felt in the loss
of one who had always proved himself a
warm-hearted friend, whose ear was ever
open to the tales of distress which his
purse was ever ready to relieve. ¦
The obsequies were taken charge of by
California Lodge, of which branch of the
Masonic fraternity Mr. Hotallng had. in
life, been a prominent member
Worshipful Master Umbsen officiated
and, during the conduct of the solemn
rites, he paid a glowing tribute to the
memory of his. Masonic brother, to the
excellence of the character that had
passed away, to the work that had been
accomplished and the reputation that had
been left behind by the man; over whose
body it became : his sad fraternal duty.
Washington Eulogized.
Taking his text from Acts, vli:3s. "The
same did God send to be a ruler and de
liverer," Rev. Dr. E. A. Woods preached
an eloquent sermon last evening at the
First Baptist Church "on "A Tribute to
the Character of Washington." He slated
that the great American laid the founda
tion of our national distinction and that
in his addresses are to be foun.i the
germs of our institutions. In regard to
Washington's military prowess. Dr.
Woods declared that Frederick the Great
showed his acumen when he asserted that
one of the American general's campaigns
was the most brilliant of the century.
"His dignity and courtesy were shown,"
nald the preacher, "when on. receiving a
letter from Sir Henry Clinton addressed
to Mr. Washington he remarked that Mr.
Washington meant a Virginia planter and
that the letter should be given him after
the war. Bowing the knee to no man, he
was a devout Christian and always knelt
reverently in the house of God. We can
not revere the memory of such a man too
strongly." . ;,. ::'[¦¦.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One of Pittsburgh Most Estimable Business
Men Certifies to the Wonderful
Efficacy of Cuticura. •
I was a sufferer for eight years from that most distressing of all diseases,
£czema. I tried some of the best physicians In the country, but they did me
little good. The palms of my hands were cov-
/^^^^^ "ed, and would become inflamed; little white
i s^s^l ! blisters at first would appear, then they would
fe^ffTS^f^S peel off, leaving a red, smooth surface which
/^/§i^/:|^£ i would burn like fire, nnd itch ; well, there is no
! j£ro«^*iy y& name for it. On the inside of the upper part of
£*£ab^'~-^<)F' bo\\\ mv I'mbs, great red blotches, not unlike
mV^^«J3?< hives, would appear, and as fooii as I became
u/65p|§t|ll7 L^ warm, the burning and itching would begin.
_^u^^^^y l^^x * si^ lt a " ter n5 S Jlt I would lie awake all night and
oWW^h^o^Ss^ scmch and almO!:t P° wiI( l- I got a box of
\£^f^S^flJ^^W Cuticuba Ointment, a bottle of Cuticura
Resolvext, and gave them a thorough trial,
aDd after & fCW aPPlsoationsa PP 15oations T n °tlced the red-
*>i^.^x\L}u±?ao'/,/ nesg an( j inflammation disappear; before I had
tised one box there was not a sign of Eczema left. I can truthfully assert
that $2.00 worth of CCTicciiA. Remedies cured me.
J. D. PORTE, 428 4th Aye., Pittsburg, Pa.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
consisting of CCTICCRA Soap (£'«;.), to cleanse the skin of cni£ts and scales and soften
the thickened cvticle, Ccticcra Ointment (Me.), to allay Itching, Irritation, and inflamma-
tion, and eoothe and heal, and Ccticlba Resolvent (50c.), to cool and cleanse the blood.
A 6lagle ect is often eufllclent to cure t!ie most torturing, disfiguring ekln and- scalp hu.
mor», rashes, itcfaings, and irritations, with loss of hair, especially of infants and children,
when the test ph j-siclans and all other remedies fall. Sold throughout the world POTTEB
J)BVQ JISD Culm. Cokt., Sole Props., Boston. " How to Cure Every Humor," free.
£#"sj^Jv^ BAD COMPLEXIONS, pimples, blotch™, blackheads, red, rough, oily skin,
lyigjSJy red, rough hand* with ahap^icM nail*, dry, thin, and falling hair, with itching, scaly,
(f*#y^ Irritated scalpa, prevented by Ctmcuiu Medicinal akd Toix.et Soaf, the moat
y~S /*^( effective skin purifying and' beautifying soap In the world, as well as pnrest and
' ' sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. Two soaps combined In one at one price, 25c.
Memories of the Transvaal.
Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, president of the
Geographical Society of California, will
deliver a lecture entitled "Memories of
the Transvaal" this evening at S o'clock
In Golden Gate Hall. €25 Sutter street.
Flynn Used a Beer Glass.
The usual conventionalities which result
In a barroom dispute occurred at Mike
Mulrooney's saloon at 1415 San Bruno ave
nue yesterday morning at 1 o'clock. In
the saloon at the time were a number of
late arrivals, who were Indulging In sev
eral drinks of amber steam. A dispute
arose between a man named Fred Flynn
and Martin Vanderow over the Bper war.
Flynn's sympathies were with the farm
ers, while Vanderow's were with the Eng
lish and 1 as a consequence there was a
fight in which Flynn used a beer glass
with such good effect as to send Vanderow
to the City and County Hospital, where
Dr McCoy found it necessary to take
thirty stitches In Vanderow's scalp. De
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham, who
were watching for some chicken thieves
In the neighborhood, heard of the trouble
and proceeded to the scene in time to take
Flynn into custody. He was transferred
to the Seventeenth-street station, where
he was charged with an assault with a
deadly weapon. Vanderow was taken to
his home at Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets.
Died at the Hospital.
Raymond F. Stewart, a private of the
band of the Twelfth Infantry, and Thorn
a? J. Cole, a private of - Company M.
Eighteenth Infantry, died at the general
hospital at the Presidio yesterday. Pri
vate Capsidy of the First California and
Private Stokes of the South Dakota vol
unteers were buried in the national cem
etery-
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery-*
Clean
Eye-Glasses
With diluted ammonia (1 to 1> and one of our
selvyt cloths, free to every wearer of the new
clip: don't slip, tilt or waver.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone. Main 10.
642 Market st. NsTRUHfMTa
Scene of the Shooting and Sketches of the Principals.
Adams was the under man. As they lay
there In each other's embrace Kepner
hissed between his teeth that Adams had
attempted to break up his home and that
he was glad to get rid of him. Adams
struggled to get his revolver from his hip
pocket and finally succeeded In drawing
the weapon. As soon as Kepner saw the
gun he jumped away from his ex-employe,
shouting to the porter to take the pistol
away from him. Patterson made an at
tempt to do so, but was brushed aside by
Adams, who renewed the assault.
The two men grappled again, and Tvhat
immediately followed is not quite clear.
The shooting was witnessed by a man
named Dan Brooks, who was standing In
the doorway "of the shop, when his atten
tion was attracted by loud talking inside.
As he entered he saw Kepner and Adams
struggling. He noticed that Adams had a
revolver In his hand and attempted to
take it from his. Adams turned on
Brooks and threatened to "fill him full of
lead" if he did not mind his own business.
Brooks made a rush for the door, and as
he ran he heard a pistol shot and turn
ing saw Kepner fall to the floor. Adams,
minus his hat, hurried from the shop in
the excitement and disappeared up Stock
ton street before any one thought to de
tain him. He went direct to the home of
Kepner, 591 Geary street, where he had,
been residing. He passed Mrs. Kepner as
he entered the house, but did not Intimate
to her what had hapoened. After chang
ing his clothing and drinking the contents
a flask of whisky he departed.
Mrs. Kepner said that as soon as she
saw Adams enter the house withouC his
hat she had a presentiment that some
thing had happened to her husband. Ad
ams got a hat and left the house, but
after walking about half a block returned
and changed his clothes. She asked him
what had happened, but he evaded her
question and hurried away. As soon as
he left she went to his room In search of
his revolver. • .
"When 1 saw that it was gone," she
8a1d,. "1 knew at once that Gil had shot
my husband." While admitting that her
husband was very jealous of her, sho as
serted that nothing had occurred between
her and Adams to Justify Kepner's sus
picions.
Kepner's porter admitted with much
reluctance that Adams had been dis
charged for attempting to ruin Kep
ner's business, ana that a row im
mediately ensued, during which Adams
drew his revolver and shot his for
mer boss. He also Intimated that
tne men had indulged In words over
Adams' attentions to Kepner's wjfe. the
latter accusing his ex-employe of having
attempted to break up his home.
When the detectives pressed the wound
ed man for a statement at the Receiving
Hospital he replied that his wife knew
all about it and could explain the affair
if she saw fit to do so. She was pres
ent, but refused to make a statement and
would not allow her husband to open his
lips.
Kepner was shot through the left lung,
Just above the heart, and the attending
physicians say that' his chances of recov
ery are but one In a thousand. The po
lice believed that Adams would make his
way to San Jose, where he has relatives,
and notified the authorities of that city
ES. KEPNER, proprietor of a bar
ber shop at 44 O'Farrell street,
was shot and probably fatally
• Injured yesterday afternoon by
Gllbert Adams, one of his em
ployes. Although the shooting occurred
In broad daylight, at the barber shop, In
one of the busiest sections of the city,
Adams managed to make his escape and
was not caught until late last evening,
when he was arrested at San Jose.
There are two versions as to the cause of
the trouble. One Is that Adams sought
revenge for having been discharged ear
lier In the day, and the other Is that the
assailant's undue attentions to Kepner's
wife led to the discussion that culminated
In bloodshed.
From the: evidence at hand It Is more
than likely that Kepner discharged Ad
ams because he had learned that the lat
ter had made proposals to Mrs. Kepner
which might have resulted In the break-
Ing up of the Kepner household. Kepner s
friends, however, assert that Adams had
been endeavoring to Injure his employer's
business with the Intention of getting him
to sell it out at a figure far beneath its
real value.
Both men were at work as usual yester
day, and there was apparently no friction
until after the noon hour, when the por
ter, John Patterson, complained to Kep
ner of something Adams had done. Kep
ner at once told Adams that he had had
enough of him and that he could pack his
things and go. One word led to another,
and the two men grappled. As they
struggled around the shop they fell over
one of the chairs and rolled on the floor.
VERY, VERY FUNNY.
"WHO IS WHO" A
DELIGHTFUL COMEDY
The California Theater had two of their
"old-time" houses yesterday. Hundreds
were turned from the doors at both the
matinee and night performances, and the
audiences laughed themselves hoarse at
the funny situations. The specialties are
particularly good. Now that regular East
ern attractions will again appear at this
popular house big business will doubtless
prevail. - _
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
Ou? importations of FRENCH PRINTED
CHALYS for Spring are now readu for In-
spection, having received during the past
week a large shipment of these goods. Theu
come in Handsome Floral Designs, Silk
Stripes, Dots and EJgures, 1 also Plain Colors.
We will also show this week 15 Cases
New SCOTCH and IRISH PRINTED DIMITIES,
in Stripes, Floral Designs and Small and
Medium Figures. The colorings of these
Dimities are New Blues, Greens, Pinks and
Lavender,
SPECIAL!
25,000 Dieces New FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACES (EDGINGS and INSERTINGS.)
20c to $1.00 piece.
SPRING 1900.
SHOOTS THE MAN WHOSE HOME
HE IS SAID TO HAVE VIOLATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1900.
GRILLING IS
IN STORE FOR
MRS. CRAVEN
Fair Representatives Hint at
Her Arrest on Charges
of Perjury.
SHE INVITES SUCH ACTION
Case Will Be Resumed To-Day Be
fore Judge Troutt and Sensa
tional Disclosures Are
Expected.
If Mrs. Nettie R. Craven row on the
witness stand this morning when the Cra
ven-Fair case Is called In Judge Troutt's
department of the Superior Court Bhe will
be given a warm reception by the attor
neys lor the Fair end of the litigation. It
Is their Intention, as outlined by one of
their representatives last evening, to
probe the Sausulito marriage ceremony
to the bottom. Unless they make radical
changes in their plane before court opens
the arrest of the piaintiS for perjury and
attempted bribery will be demanded..
The cross-examination will follow the
line of tne Sausalllo incident, and if Mrs.
Cravbn- reiterates in the lace ot ail that
&as transpired what she has already tes
tified to concerning the marriage cerc
znony alleged to have been performed by
: Justice of the .Peace SiaijJton it is the in
tention of the Fair interests to place het
In a position where er.c will be lorced to
defend herself on a charge of perjury-
That is the plan, aJUiough it may be
changed. Such action it> invited by the
Craven Hide of the controversy. Attornej
Lafe Pence has said it was the duty of
the Fair attorney & to hand Mrs. Craven
ever to the authorities if they thought for
*.r. instant that the last bimpton amdavit
bore the earmarks of the truth.
"Instead of takir.g that man Simpton In
a, hack to Judge Hunt's home to swear to
that affidavit. " said Mr. Pence, "It was
their sworn duty to take him to the Dis
trict Attorney and demand Mrs. Craven's
arrest for perjury and bribery on the
strength or his statement. That would
ihave been the proper thing to do If they
fc&d faith in their man."
Another Item which may prove sensa
tional Is the Intention of the Fair attor
neys to delve into every detail of Mrs.
-Craven's past life. Their detectives nave
been working on those lines for some v'me,
*nd they claim they have unearthed many
Interesting incidents In Mrs. Craven'r- ca
reer and that it will annoy her somewhat
to explain them away. They assert they
¦will produce witnesses to prove the claloi
ar.t for a share of the Fair millions has
not always conducted herself with that
decorum which is so important a factor
In the life of a lady.
For several days each side of the cai?e
has been trying to outdo the other in con
cocting improbable tales, none of which
Fiand under close Investigation. A nixr.s
er-on of the Craven camp evolved a sei.s?i
tiunal yarn concerning an attempt to put
the woman out of the way by the carbon
monoxide route, which caused even the
Craven attorneys much merriment.
Sylva. the Sausalito attorney, wli > is
now looked upon with suspicion by every
one directly connected with the case, is to
the fore with a statement that he holds
Mrs. Craven's contract. Indorsed by her
fron-in-iaw, Henry Koehler Jr.. agreeing to
pay him $30,000 for engineering the Sirup
ton conspiracy. Attorney Knight, repre
senting the Fair interests, admits that
Kooh'.er'e signature to the agreement Is
not genuine. No one has been found who
has seen the contract except Sylva, and
he refuses to expose it to the gaze of
curious eyes.
Sylva is also reported to have said that
he had two men hidden In a room adjoin
ing that In which Mrs. Craven Is sad to
have made her $10,000 offer to Justice
Bimpton who overheard the whole conver
sation, and that he will testify to what
occurred there when the proper time
arrives. The pair who were to be trotted
out for this purpose are said to be Consvi
ble Creed and his brother of Sausalitu.
The men have "bucked over the traces,"
however, within the last day or two ani
are giving Sylva considerable uneasiness
by intimating that if he did not treat them
properly they would tell something that
would make things lively for him.
QOLDBZRO, BOWEH * COS SPECIAL 3 AVISO SAL 3
Stuffed prunes 3«nssi
reg'ly 40c 1 lb tin—California
A novelty In confections
Soap powder 8 pkges 25c
reg'ly 6 for 25c
433 Pine 23s Sutter <300 California San Fra
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth O
\js^~ CunEJji
WHEN w» My "'RUPTURE CURED" w.
mean It. for it la a> fact that thousands of enr«a
have been accomplished by Dr. Pl«rc« s World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during tho past
twenty-tlve years. There la nothlns elee Ilk* it
on earth! It doea the work! Have received ao
many letters and testimonials that we hanlly
know what to do with them aU. IX ruptured In-
Tcstlfmt* at one*. Our prices ar« reasonable*
but not cheap. W« make no discounts. "Dr.
Plerco*s" Is THE truss, and 70a cannot b«
happy till you set It.
Too can Eat our "BOOKLET No. I* for noth-
ing: by calltnr at the office, or tt will be sent to
you on receipt of a 2-c»n* stamp. It tells all
about this TRTTSS. Addrees
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«*> Market stre«t. SANFRANCISCOu
U Tribune bulldls*. NEW TORK.
DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL J
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOP.MVER.B.tJNGg.
IA7. T. HESS.
KOTABT PUjJMC AND ATTORNKT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Bpr«ck*U Bide.
Telephone Brown 831.
RMldenc*. Ul CaJltornl* mU. below FowaU.
Ean Franclaco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE UAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Kreat Mexican remedy; gives health *ad
¦ trenrth to laxnal organ*. Depot. 123 Mirkst.
10