Bert S. Hay,- United States Consul ¦ at • Pre
toria, stating* that'he had •received^ bis
exequatur Wednesday and- that. matters
were very satisfactory.' This -effectually
disposes of the apprehension. that existed
in - some « quarters . that -the : Boer , Goyernf
merit f might .decline { to receive Mr. Hay
because of the 'failure of Colonel O'Belrne
to receive recognition^" from ' our- Governf
menf. as; diplomatic representative* of 'the
Transvaal.. ¦-.• . ' •_* '- : ¦'. t* -*-¦: ;
SAYS BULLER IS NOT
PRESSING AN ADVANCE
LONDON," Feb. 9.— Mr. Balfour, ( the Gov
ernment leader, replying to a question in
the House of Commons this evening as to
whether \ any information J had been ; re
ceived from the seat'ofiwar/saldrV ''¦'¦ | '
"Our Information points to the fact that
General Buller Is not pressing an advance
from the position he has -occupied.
don't consider It right to press > him: for
details, of the operations which ;¦• are .in
progress, nor lf.he.glves such information
do, we deem It proper to make it public
until such operations are completed. V.I he
Government has- no information 'as. -to
whether General McDonald has' retired."'
CANADA'S LOYALTY
OTTAWA, Ont., Feb. 9.— Mr. Borden an
nounced In the House of Commons
night that the Canadian Government
would offer the Imperial Government ¦to
garrison Halifax,' so; as to permit ; the
Leicester regiment to go to South Africa.
Borden said the Government ¦¦_ had .under
consideration the^ defense of Manitoba,
with the Northwest and British. Columbia.
It was also , intended to increase "the
mounted police to its full strength before
any were sent . to South Africa,- and ¦ also
to form a score of mounted j rifle com
panies. 'A' beginning; to organize these
companies will be made this session: !'.
'It is ':- officially " announced that • General
Hutton has been selected by the War Of
fice for special service in South Africa. I
MANY SURPRISES IN STORE.
I BRUSSELS; Feb. 10.— Dr. Leyds, whore
turned here: to-day; -denies having '.ne'ffo*
tiateda loan in Berlin or, solicited the ¦in
terference of any power.' for , mediation or
pence. He ' says" that: a* full : plan of enm-
, paign •- Is ¦ already ,'drawn " up ; .for '. the de
fense of the Orange ' Free State- territoiy,
and that. many, surprises are "yet* in' store
for England, .v -J . .^ ' ¦¦',-<¦ ... .., .
VANCOUVER TROOPERS.
1 VANCOUVER, B.yc.y.Feb. 9.-The'flf
t^n -Vancouver i troopers accepted : for/ the
Strathcona Rough , Riders,", with the addi
tion, of a bugler, selected to-day, were all
sworn' in ' this' morning, and ' will ; depart on
was 184,855. By the increase in
October 35,000 men were added.
The new demand makes the to
tal 339,853. According to the
original estimates for the current
financial year the gross expendi
ture on ' the army amounted ' to
£23,817,333. On October 17
there was a supplementary de
mand for £10,000,000. which to
gether with the vote of £13,000,
000 now submitted would in
crease the outlay to £46,81 7/333.
BOER REPORTS OF
THE BRITISH REVERSES
BOER HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITII.
Feb. B.— The British who were in posses
sion of the kopje at Molens Drift aban
doned it after a bombardment by the Boer
cannon this' moi-ning. and retired across
the Tugela River to their former position.
A desultory cannonade Is proceeding at
the Tugela this morning, but otherwise
everything is quiet.
HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITH, Feb. 7.
An armored train yesterday made a sortie
from Chievely toward Colenso and landed
2000 British troops on the right of the Boer
position. The Boers immediately crowed
the river and made an attack with ¦rifles
and artillery, forcing the withdrawal of
both the train and the troops to Chievely. 7
The fighting on. the upper Tugela River
lasted until 8:30 o'clock yesterday (Tues
day) evening. Particulars are lacking-]
Firing at Colenso and along the uppei;
Tugela has been proceeding since 5 o'clock
this morning. .
KOODOOSBERG DRIFT, , Feb. S.— In
order to completely surround the Bncrs^
General Babingtoh was dispatched I'roni
the Modder River .with a large force of
cavalry and two batteries of horse artil
lery, but failed to reach here, although
he started early enough in the day to en
able him to get here early this afternoon!
This morning General Methuen ordered
that the combined force should retire
upon the Modder River,' which movement
is now proceeding. The British losses in
the fighting on Wednesday were fifty men
killed or wounded.
LONDON. Feb. 10. 4:20 a. m.— London
accepts as true the Boer statement
that General Buller has failed again.
These statements were passed by
the British censor at Aden and are
read in the light cf Mr. Balfour's an
nouncement in the Commons that Bul
ler is not pressing his advance. Winston
Churchill wires that Vaal Krantz was
impracticable for the guns which were
needed to, support a further advance. Ills
cablegram leaves General Buller on Tues
day night sending a fresh brigade to re
lieve the tired holders of Vaal Krantz.
The descriptive writers with General
Buller were allowed a rather free hand
again in explaining the ugly position
which the British held and the natural
obstacles which had to be overcome. So
it is easy to Infer that with Boer riflemen
and artillery defending them these hills.
Consternation at Ladysmith In
creased by the Explosion of a
Series of Mines Laid for the
Boers— London Accepts as
True the Reports Concerning
Buller's Retreat.
OiN GENERAL BULLbR'S FkONT.
• '. Map of the Tugela River in the vicinity of Potgieters Drift, showing sev
: eral. drifts and ferries and the approximate positions of the British forces who
.had crossed over and those of the Boers confronting them before the retreat
¦began. .' , . . . • ,-^r • ¦
Sunday for. Calgary , to, Join the contin
gents* selected from the 'other cities, in
British; Columbia and the Northwest Ter
ritory. ' . '¦_¦-¦-¦
MUTINY OF SOUDANESE.
: LONDON, Feb. 9.— A special 1 dispatch
from Cairo. says: . The mutiny of Soudan
ese"' troops at Khartoum has'anaumed seri
ous * proportions ' and "is causing great
anxiety.'---: ¦ ¦•:••¦• ¦ -• • ,•
GENERAL CLERY RETURNING.
¦¦LONDON. Feb. 10.— The Daily .Telegraph
announces that General Sir Francis Clery
is on'- the" way: to England, invalided. • • •¦ •
ravines and Jungles have not been over
come, and thus the public is prepared in
advance for bad news.
Heliograms from Ladysmith dated Mon
day describe the effect General Buller's
cannonade had on the worn garrison.
Hope ran high that the long period of in
activity > and tedium was drawing to a
close.. -The .crash of guns was almost con
tinuous for ' ten hours, and at times it
seemed as if as many as twenty shells
burst in a minute. The Boers, preparing
always for the possibility of defeat, were
driving herds , and sending long wagon
trains toward , the Drakensberg passes.
Intense darkness and silence followed,
broken- only by frogs croaking and the oc
casional; blaze of star shells, surrounding
the town with a circle of light, to prevent
ROBERTS ABOUT TO
BEGIN HIS CAMPAIGN
LONDON, Feb. 10.— In the Morning Post
to-day Mr. Spencer Wilkinson, reviewing
the military situation, says:
"Lord Roberts is evidently about to be
gin his campaign and there are signs that
General Methuen's force will make the
first important move. It is probable that
the Seventh Division will soon be heard of
as co-operating with Methuen.
"The latest news regarding General Bul
ler's operation is puzzling. It looks now as
if he never seriously contemplated an at
tempt to 'relieve Ladysmith, but only a'
demonstration to prevent the Boers from
diverting reinforcements to Magersfon
tein.
"Looking to the distance from Lady
smith to Kimberley. a Journey in which
the Boers would get little help for the
transport of their forces. Lord Roberts
has a clear week for the first blow, which
will put a new face upon the situation.
This hypothesis would account for the
present state of things in both the thea
ters of war and the peculiarities of the
attacks on Monday and Tuesday would
become intelligible, for, if they had been
intended as a serious movement. General
Buller would have been largely reinforced
and would have pushed the attack with
greater energy."
PLUMER'S FORCE REPULSED.
PRETORIA, Feb. s.— Colonel Plumcr's
force on February 2 attacked the Boer po
sition near " Romansta and . after heavy
fighting, ' including an endeavor « to take
the place by storm,: the British were' re
pulsed. Their loss is unknown. No Boers
were injured.
CONSUL HAY RECEIVED.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— Secretary Hay
to-day received a cablegram from -Adet-
NICARAGUA WANTS
THE CANAL BUILT
Stands Beady to Grant Every Con
cession Possible to Further
Its Construction.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew Tot*
Herald. Copyright. 1300, by th» New Yoric
Herald Company.
PANAMA. Colombia, via Galveston.
Tex.. Feb. 9.— The Herald's correspondent
in Managua. Nicaragua, telegraphs that
President Zelaya is greatly interested in,
the isthmian canal legislation pending la
the United States Congress.
President Zelaya says ths one great de
sire of the people and the Government of;
Nicaragua is the construction of the great
waterway. If liberal concessions to bring
this about have been granted to prlvata
companies, the President adds, they will
with much greater reason be promptly
granted to the United States.
If the American Government comes to
the front, therefore, Nicaragua will bo
delighted to see the canal built by it, ana
will stand ready to grant every conces
sion possible within the constitutional and
legal power of the administration.
President Zelaya is confident the whoTo
country would feel the greatest satisfac
tion in seeing the canal enterprise in th»
hands of the American Government, pro
viding definite settlements can be effected
abrogating all pending concessions to pri
vate companies, thus avoiding all futura
claims against the republic.
HUNTINGTON TO BUILD
AN ARMOR-PLATE PUNT
Contracts Soon to Be Awarded for
Construction Work at New
port News.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va.. Feb. 9.— Tha
engineers who have been at work under
the orders of Ccllis P. Huntington hay»
completed the surveys of the river bed
bordering his new half-mile tract of land,
which he recently purchased for 1300.000.
On this site, when the new ground It
made, will be built a large steel armor
plate plant, according to trustworthy
sources. The river will be filled to a
depth of twenty-live feet and a monster
bulkhead will be erected to run half a
mile up stream. It will take nine months
to fill in this river bed and make the
new ground. Contracts for the work will
soon be awarded.
Favor a Compromise.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 9.— Taxpayers who
attended the mass-meeting Thursday
night were practically unanimous In th--»
opinion that it would be good policy to
compromise the sewer farm suit provide
that the plaintiffs will make reasonabla
concessions. The City Trustees will act
accordingly. They have prepared stipula
tions providing for the sale of the sev/er
farm to plaintiffs, the allowance of *noa
damages and three years' time In which
to complete the sewer extension system.
LONDON, Feb. 10.—Gen
m eral Buller's third attempt
to reach Ladysmith ap
pears to have failed, like the two
previous ones. This morning's
news, while containing nothing
from British sources, includes a
definite and apparently trust
worthy dispatch from the Boer
head laager, outside of Lady
smith, to the effect that the Brit
ish at 9 o'clock on Thursday
inorninar abandoned the cap
tured position (\ aal Krantz) ai
ler sustaining a heavy bomoard
inent, and retired across the
Tugela River and Molen Spruit.-
The War Office has received no
confirmation of this. In fact it
was explicitly and officially
stated last night that it had re
ceived no news at all relating to
General Buller's movements.
There is, however, apparently
little reason to question the ac
curacy of the Boer dispatches or
to doubt the general statement of
facts. The Boer telegrams have
been generally correct hitherto.
Mr. Balfour said this morning
in the Commons, in answer to a
question, that the information re
ceived by the Government mdi
cated that Buller was not press
ing his advantage from the posi
tion which he still occupied on
Wednesday. There are other
statements from various sources
which would seem to indicate
that Buller had found the Boers
very strong at this point of Tues
day's fighting, and that the Boer
guns were so placed as to ab
solutely command the low ridge
called Vaal Krantz, and also the
valley between that kopje and
Doornkloof.
An agency telegram stated
that at the close of Tuesday's
fighting, after General Hild
yard's brigade had relieved Lyt
telton's, the Boers were on both
sides of the British, and the po-
sition was a difficult one to hold.
The concentration of a heavy
fire from the long range guns
such as the Boers had mounted
probably rendered the position
absolutely untenable. This is
the story of the latest defeat.
This second retirement of Bul
ler across the Tugela seems to
prove that he has a task beyond
his power, unless large reinforce
ments are sent to him, and this
is not likely now that an army is
being organized to invade the
Free State.
There is little or no prospect
of the relief of Ladysmith being
effected by the Natal field force
until the advance of Lord Rob
erts compels the Boers to
weaken their strength on the
line of the Tugela. This may
not be for some weeks, and in the
meantime can Ladysmith hold
but against another attack,
which the Boers are likely to •
make immediately? The be
sieged town is likely, then, to
have the fiercest fighting yet.
This new repulse of the Brit
ish will further raise the morale
of the Boer army in Natal,
which has already numerous
successes to its credit, and will
correspondingly depress the spir
its of the British soldiers. The
Boers already realize the sig
nificance of Lord Roberts' prep
arations to advance on Bloem
fontein, pf which they are, no
doubt, well informed.
The report that General Mac-
Donald has been ordered to re
tire from Kood6<^berg- to Mod
der River seems to be open to
doubt. Lord Roberts, in his of
ficial dispatch; says that "Fight
ing Mac" had driven the Boers
back. The Daily Mail's corre
spondent in a dispatch dated
Koodoosberg Thursday evening
makes no mention of any retire
ment, although the agency dis
patch which announced the
backward movement says it took
place on Thursday morning. The
censor's oversharp knife may
have been responsible for mud
dling the first message.
The Daily News correspond
ent says: "The Boers returned
to the laagers on Thursday and
the British are coming back to
camp." Whether it means the
camp at Modder River or that at
Koodoosberg is uncertain. In
any event if Mac Donald retired
it was because his purpose was
effected, as all the dispatches
state that the Boers were beaten
off.
London took the news of the
retirement of Buller philosophi
cally. All last evening an air
of gloomy expectation hung over
the House of Commons. When
the report came that the British
forces had retired across the Tu
gela the news was accepted as
true, and Balfour's discouraging
announcement produced a som
ber effect which was painfully
evident during the night- ses
sion.
The gloom was not confined
to the House. It spread to the
clubs and theaters. Everywhere
men fliscussed the latest reverses,
for it is a strange thing that no
one seemed to doubt the ac
curacy of the Boer dispatches.
A parliamentary paper issued
last evening stated the increased
number of men and the large
amount of money needed by the
War Office for the year ending
March 31 next, in consequence of
the war, serves to bring home
with renewed force the tremen
dous drain upon the empire's re
sources.
According to this statement
120,000 more men and an addi
ditional grant of £13,000,000
will be required. The original
estimate for men for the year.
th© unobserved approach of the enemy.
A series of British mines, laid for tho
Boers, exploded accidentally, shaking and
alarming the city and camp.
General Mac Donalds retirement puzzles
the- military commenters. The theory
that finds acceptance la that it was or
dered by Lord Roberts and that both
General Buller's and General MacDonald'a
operations were by direction of the com
mander in chief, in order to occupy the
Boers at widely separated points, so they
would be unable to transfer any portion
of their forces to oppose the projected
central advance.
Charles Williams, a military writer, who
is understood to be in confidential relations
¦with Lord Wolseley. say 3 that beyond
doubt the most authoritative opinion in
London regards as probable that an en
deavor will be made to force the line of
the Orange River before "Wednesday next,
possibly by Monday.
Henry W. Lucy says the health of Sir
Alfred Milner, Governor of Cape Colony,
is suffering from the prolonged strain and
hi? friends fear he will break down.
Lord Salisbury's son. Lord Edwartl
Cecil, is responsible for Mafeking beins
so well provisioned. At the outbreak of
the war be learned the amount of army
stores about to be sent to Mafeking. ami
on his own initiative pledged his privats
means and had the stores quadrupled. He
is now In Mafeking and one of its boldest
defenders.
A dispatch to the Times from Koodoos
berg, dated Thursday. February S. says:
"It is reported that Boer reinforcements
are arriving from Magersfontein. Our
position is easily tenable, but the entire
force has been ordered to return to ilovl
der River to-morrow."
The Times has the following from Klm
berley, dated February 8:
"The Boer big guns shelled us all day
yesterday, but nobody was killed."
The correspondent of the Times at
Lourenzo Marques under data of Febru
ary 8 says:
"Recent visitors to Inhambane report
that the Portuguese customs authorities
there seized a quantity of arms and am
munition consigned under a false de
scription."
- The First Lord of the Admiralty, Georga
J. Goscben, is preparing- estimates for a
large increase in the navy. It is thought
probable that Parliament will be asked,
for £20.000.000 for new ships.
The War Office has reduced the mini
mum standard of height— this time to 5
feet 3 Inches for Infantry and » feet 2
inches for artillery.
Dr. Leyds has issued in Brussels a state
ment for publication In England denying
purported interviews in which he is re
ported as predicting the intervention of
th* powers in the event that the British,
invade the Free State. He says he is con
vinced that the war will continue as long
a3 the two republics have arms and am
munition. If the Mauser cartridges give
out the Boers, he asserts, will fall back
upon Martini-Henry rifles, for which they
have a supply of ammunition that is prac- '
tlcally Inexhaustible.
SEIZURE OF A BARK.
DURBAN, Feb. 9.— The British bark
Birkdale, with contraband, has been
seized by the British.
The Heavy Fire of the Boers
Compels the Relief Column to
Again Retreat Across the Tu
gela — Britons Now Await the
Advance of General Roberts
Into the Free State.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— Geoeral Buller r;as aban
doQed bis third attempt to reach Ladysmith
ar)d has retired behind the line of the Tugela.
A dispatch fron) Bennett Burleigh to the Daily
Telegraph dated Springfield Bridge Thursday
nigbt states that the Boer positions were too
strong for General Buller's force and that the
general decided not to persist in trying to ad
vance by way of Vaal Krantz.
LEIPSIC, Feb. 9.— TJ)e Neuste Nacbricbtcn
priQts a special dispatch from a correspoQdent
w^o claims that General Buller's third atteropt
to relieve Ladysroith has completely failed.
FAILURE OF BULLER'S THIRD
ATTEMPT TO REACH LADYSMITH
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 72.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.SALINAS GROCER
BEATEN AND ROBBED
J. C Molgaard Found Lying on tne
Floor of His Boom in a Pool
of Blood.'
SALINAS, Feb. ».— J. C. Molgaard, a
prominent grocer of this city, was found
to-day on the floor of his apartment, ap
parently dead. An overturned lamp, sev
eral pools of blood and the charred re
mains of books, papers, etc., as well as the
finding of small coin on the floor, tended
to snow that robbery and attempted mur
der had been committed.
After restoratives ¦ had been adminis
tered he revived somewhat, but was de
lirious. Incoherently he muttered that he
had been beaten and robbed. He was
known to have taken considerable money
to his apartment last night from the store
and. according to the cashbook, is short
about $160. No trace of the robber has
been found. ,
The affair is causing much comment
here, and a thorough investigation will be
made; but until the injured man can talk
no clew can be established.
It is rumored that Molgaard was short
in his accounts, and that he burned the
record book himself and then attempted
to commit suicide, but there is nothing
beyond the charred remains of the book
to substantiate this theory.
Interchange of Traffic.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Feb. 9.— The Rio
Grande Western, Oregon Short Line and
Union Pacific traffic officials have within
the past few days been discussing the
interchange of traffic between the roads
named on the basis of the existing ar
rangements. The arrangements were not
disturbed by the recent Salt Lake con
ference. Another meeting will be held In
Denver in the near future for a further
discussion of traffic matters with a view
to continuing the Interchange of traffic
with the least possible friction and the
maintenance of the regular tariff rates
thereon. • ,
THAT FEELING
OF EXHAUSTION
IS QUICKLY DISPELLED BY HUD-
YAN. HUDYAN gives strength, energy,
vim, vigor to persons whose constitutions
are letting down.
HUDYAK CURES THESE SYMPTOMS:
Fig. 1 — Headache.
Dizziness. - ,
Fig. 2— Hollow Eyes.
Haggard Look.
Dots Before Eyes.
Fig. 3— C oat • d
Tongue, Offensive
Breath.
Fig. 4-Pain and
Weakness In Back.
Fig. 6 — Trembling
of Limbs, Shaking
Knees.
Fig. fr-SwelUn* of
Ankles.
fHUDYAN cans
loss of appetite, loss
of strength, a feeling
of languor, despond-
ency and gloomy
HUDYAN prompt-
ly corrects any or-
ganic weakness.
HUDTAN strength-
ens and stimulates
to perfect activity
the Heart. Stomach.
Liver. Kidneys.
HUDTAN quiet*
nervous Irritability
. and tones the entire,
nervous system.
HUDTAN pro-
motes sound sleep,
such sleep as brings health and visor in
turn.
GET HUDYAN
From your druggist. 50c a package, six
packages $2 M. If your druggist does not
keep it send direct to the HUDYAN REM-
EDY CO., corner of Stockton. Ellis and
Market streets. San Francisco, CaL
f CONSULT 1
! FREE. I
GEORGE W. MARSTON, President of the Young: Men's
Christian Association Convention.
REDLANDS. Feb. 9.— Delegates to the
Btate Young Men's Christian Association
Convention continued to arrive to-day,
end great enthusiasm pervades all the
proceedings. This morning a Bible study
from the one hundred and nineteenth
Psalm was conducted by Rev. W. C.
Sherman of Sacramento.
Upon recommendation of the committee
©n nominations the following officers were
chosen for the ensuing year: George W.
Marston of San Diego, president; Charles
A. Maydwell of San Francisco, first vice
president; Professor C. D. Keyes of Riv
erside, second vice president; Alber John
eon of Los Angeles, third vice president;
Clifford N. Hand of Pomona College, sec
retary; John W. Berger of Occidental Col
lege, assistant secretary: J. A. Putnam
of . Redlands, press secretary. - '
• W. N. Parsons. State secretary, read the
report of the State executive committee,
which was in substance as follows: Re
viewing the record of the associations of
California for the year your committee
feels that there are many things for which
ell should be profoundly thankful. It has
been a year of progress in every depart
ment or our work. Though there nave
been few events which could be termed
striking there has been a marked gain in
come respect in every association. In the
educational and physical department the
quality and breadth of the work accom
plished has been the best in the history
of California's work for young men. Con-
Eidering the fact that the State work had
been for two years without the pupervi.
don of a secretary, the lung distances be
tween associations, depression resulting
from reaction from boomed cities and
years of drought, we should be profoundly
thankful the status of the association's
work is as good as it is and with cour
age set about the task of its betterment.
There are twenty-six associations on our
lists— fourteen city and twelve college.
The total membership is 5535. of whom
300>) are associate, 633 are in colleges, and
there are 500 Juniors. One college and
eeven city associations ocupy their own
buildings, the total value of which is
$300,000, with an indebtedness of nearly
$225,«»." leaving a total net value of $575.
000. Substantial reductions have been
made on the building indebtedness at Red
lands, Riverside and Oakland. . A lower
rate of interest has been secured on the
balance, which materially lessens the an
nual expenditures. The Sacramento as
sociation has a new home valued at $35,000.
Changes In Los Angeles give much added
.room. Santa Barbara has secured two
floors Jn a very desirable building, well
located. The current expenses and in
debtedness at Stockton have been reduced
11500. A debt of long standing at Pasa-
dena has been wiped out. Oakland's debt
has been reduced over $3500. Frank Jack
son has been supported by the State com
mittee. He has been at work with the
soldiers' committee, doing exceptionally
good work. For the use of the soldiers
returned from the Philippines camped at
the Presidio the officials In command
erected a frame building 40x80 feet and
turned it over to the State committee.
This work continued until December,
when the volunteers had gone to their
homes. Lectures, concerts, entertain
ments, etc., with frequent evangelistic
services, occupied the evenings, resulting
in the public profession of more than
three hundred. Six new regimental asso
ciations were organized at the Presidio in
regiments going to Manila. during the fall.
The committee made the following rec
ommendations: A change in the constitu
tion providing for the election of mem
bers of the State committee for a term of
three j-ears, ten being chosen each yeat :
that S4OOO at least be raised for State work
for the year, Sl5OO to be devoted to ' the
support of the society in the Philippines:
that at least 30 cents per member be: *et
aside by each association for State and in
ternational work; that in the future each
association shall before the annual con
vention nominate one member of the com
mittee for each 350 of membership; that
a greater effort be exerted to secure con
versions, and each association develop.Bi
ble study.
The following committees were appoint
ed by the chairman: Business— D. Edward
Collins, Oakland; F. W. Porter, Long
Beach. Devotional— J. G. Hunter, River
side; F. A. Crosby. San Diego; E. 8. Llb
by, Redlands; John Berger. Occidental
College. On executive committee's report
— E. S. Hahn. Pasadena; Dr. D. P. Bar
rows, San Diego; W. H. Robinson, River
side; A. I. Gammon, Pasadena; Robert
Boyns, Sacramento. Resolutions — A. A.
McCurda. San Francisco; E. R. Barfoot.
Sacramento; Willis McLean, Pomona; Mr.
Loo f borough. Occidental College. Special—
H. J. McCoy. San Francisco; W. D. Ball,
Los Angeles; C. H. Parsons, Pasadena.
The question of "Efficient Co-operation
in Reaching Men" was discussed at the
afternoon session by Rev. Dr. Hugh K.
Walker of Los Angeles, Edwin Hahn of
Pasadena and C. H. Parsons of Pasadena.
In the evening C. K. Ober of Chicago dis
cussed "The Forward Movement," giving
an account of the spread of the American
plan in European cities and universities
and of the mission work In non-Christian
lands. %.. , .
F. A. Sinclair, secretary of Dayton.
Ohio, spoke upon "Possibility and Re
sponsibility." He- said that with the in
creased capabilities which accrue to the
young through the association privileges
come greater responsibilities. He gave
examples illustrating how nobly this is
being done. - ¦„;.
Johnson, chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, reported adversely on his
own smoothly worded substitute bill,
which would have placed at Gage's com
mand sufficient patronage to satisfy
every hungry heeler and tout in the
State. This disposed of, Johnson, who
had introduced two other patronage
bills,, asked; permission to withdraw
them, and the Assembly gave its con
sent with evident pleasure. Similar
measures were smothered in the Senate.
Some of the lawmakers packed their
grips and went away this afternoon. To
morrow Sacramento will resume its nor
mal condition. About all that remains
for the Legislature to do is to close up
shop. Both houses will meet at 10:30
o'clock to-morrow morning, approve
the journal, and wait patiently for the
hands of the big clocks to point to the
hour of adjournment
STATE PRINTING
OFFICE INQUIRY
Committee of Senators Ap
pointed to Make a Search
ing Investigation.
Special Dispatch to lie CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, Feb. 9.-The State
printing office is to be investigated
and if the present plans are carried
out the office of State Printer will
be made appointive Instead of elect
ive. The strike threatened by the
printers during the first week of
the extra session is responsible for
the trouble that is about to be pre
cipitated on Printer Johnston's
head.
Just before the Senate adjourned
this afternoon Senator Leavitt
stated there were many things in
the State printing office that needed
investigation and requested that a
committee of three hold-overs be
selected to give a thorough over
hauling to the management of the
institution and report at the next
session. Senators Leavitt, Short
ridge and Ashe were named.
It is understood in inner circles
that the move means that the State
printing office will be closed perma
nently within two .years, except
during sessions of the Legislature,
and that State work will be let out
by contract to the lowest bidder. It
Is figured that this will result in a
saving of. nearly 50 per cent in the
State's printing bills. "
The. idea of making the office of
State Printer appointive is to place
that official in a position where he
will not dare hold up the Legisla
ture by instigating a strike among
his men. Governor Gage has a lit
tle hammer out for Mr. Johnston
and is stated to be behind the pro
posed Investigation."'*™^*'' jy-yr*
with his approval Assembly bill. 13, appro
priating $45(X) to pay the printing expenses
of the extra session, and Assembly bill
22, appropriating $4000 to pay clerks and
other attaches of the Assembly.
Fair weather 's amendment providing for
the framing by inhabitants of counties of
local county government acts was defeat
ed.
Hoey's Assembly concurrent resolution
No. 1, condemning the war being waged
in South Africa by England against the
Boers, and expressing sympathy for the
Transvaal Republic and Orange Free
State, was called up, and led to a sharp
encounter, the Republicans opposing the
resolutions and the Democrats supporting
it. Brown (R.) finally moved that it be
re-referred to the committee on Federal
relations. Assemblyman Hanley there
upon introduced a resolution that the
committee be instructed to report immedi
ately. The resolution was voted down. A
motion that the committee be instructed
to report in fifteen minutes was also lost,
and the pro-Boer resolution was consigned
to the committee, the fate of so many
bills, resolutions and constitutional
amendments which have been considered
Knowland's Assembly joint resolution
No. 5. relative to the survey of public
lands in this State, was adopted.
After considering a large number ,of
resolutions relative to pay of attaches,
adjournment was taken until 10:30 a. m.
to-morrow.
SENATOR DAVIS ON THE
WORK OF THE SESSION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 9.— Senator Davis, Ama
dor*s representative In the Senate and
one of the leaders of the upper house,
sums up the work of the extra session as
follows:
The programme on the election of
United States Senator was smashed to
flinders and a man without a string to
him from any quarter has been elected
Senator. This result has infused new life
Into the Republican party and set the
pace for the coming campaign. All of the
arbitrary power of removal legislation
has been hiaten, forced to be withdrawn
in the Assembly and smothered to death
in the Senate after the lightning stroke
of Senator Ro well's motion to strike out
the enacting clause of the hospital bill.
The flagrant abuse arising out of section
19 of the lunacy bill of 1597. making cer
tain officials practically hold for life, un
der a late decision of the Supreme Court,
has been corrected by the repeal of that
section and the Governor is thereby given
the power in a legitimate way to correct
the evils that had arisen under that sec-
Certain other legislation, including that
for the benefit of San Francisco harbor,
was passed without objection. Vhe chief
object of the session— the election of a
second United States Senator— was con
sidered on a plane so high and was so
successful in the outcome that the people
will cheerfully pay the $30,000 that the
session has cost. The splendid record of
this extra session is a complete reversal
of ajl former extra session experiences in
this State.
INDIAN GIRL SOLD FOR
THREE HUNDRED PONIES
Auctioned Off for the Third Time and
Offers a Reward to Any One Who
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
WICHITA. Kans.. Feb. i.-M!ss Mary Corndropper. an Osage Indian girl,
was sold at auction at her. home on the Osage Reservation last week ror tne
sum of 800 ponies. She was led off by an old buck, who will make her nis
slave and wife. The girl sends an appeal to American people to rescue ncr
from her fate and says she has 1200 acres of land, which she will give to tn«
person who saves her.
This makes the third time Miss Corndropper has been sold, and she says
her heart is nearly broken. Her mother, a white woman, died while the girl
was only 16 years of age. and since then the full-blood father has treated her
with no mercy. In all the girl has brought him 600 ponies by her various
sales. The father each time acted as auctioneer and advertised the sale far
and wide among the Indians. ,
Such customs are not against the Indian laws, and the United States
officers offer no objections to such practice. The Indian girl is now 23 years
old and has sent word to white persons living on the border that she will
give her land right in the Osage country to any one who will take her away
from the clutches of her cruel father. - f
SPEAKER ANGERS
THE DEMOCRATS
Radical Application of
Reed Rules.
WASHINGTON, Feb. ».— There was a
scene at the night session of the House to
night which momentarily recalled the
stirring and exciting days of the Fifty
first Congress. An irate member rushed
down the main aisle, brandishing his arms
and shouting for recognition, -while half
the Democratic members were on their
feet, execrating the occupant of the chair
for what they termed his arbitrary course,
and from several places in the hall came
loud hisses.
Last Friday night Tajbert (D.) of South.
Carolina blocked private pension legisla
tion necause- there was no quorum present
and threatened to . continue to do so at
every subsequent Friday night session un
less a quorum were present. His warn
ing had Its effect. There was an unusu
ally large attendance when the House was
called to order at 8 o'clock to-night.
Speaker Henderson himself was In the
chair, and the galleries, usually empty at
night sessions, were crowded in anticipa
tion ot a lively time.
Talbfert maintained his threat as soon as
the motion was made to go into commltfe
of the whole, but the roll-call showed the
presence of a score or more cf members in
excess of a quorum. The friends of pri
vate pension biils were jubilant. Hep
burn (R.) of lowa was called to preside
over Ihe committee of the whole, and the
clerk read the first bill. Talbert arose
leisurely while the bill was being put
through the legislative stages, the adop
tion of committee amendments, engross
ment, third reading and final passage, and
addressed the chair. He was completely
ignored. Another bill was read, engrossed,
read a third time and passed, all In the
bpace of a minute, with Talbert still clam
oring for recognition. A third bill was
passed in the same way.
By this time the whole Democratic side
was aroused. A dozen members were on
their feet. Talbert, thoroughly angered.
startoU down . the main . aislw. shouting:
"Mr. Chairman! Mr. Cnalrma«!''-*<»~T»«
approached. He reached the area In front
of the Speaker's rostrum, all the while
roaring cut his denunciation of the chair
man's arbitrary course, before the chair
man condescended to recognize him. The
Democrats all about were ' also asserting
their disapproval. The Republicans
seemed to enjoy the storm which the
chairman's course had raised.
Talbert rapidly cooled down after he
had been recognized and explained in a
brief speech that the presence of a quorum
had completely vindicated his position.
He had no feeling against the men who
served on the Federal side in the civil
war, but he was opposed to loose, reckless
unconstitutional methods. He suggested
that the House set aside a day each month
for pension legislation and discontinue the
night sessions.
. Sins ID.) of Tennessee, who is Inter
ested in Southern war claims, made some
caustic remarks in criticism of the Repub
lican leaders for sidetracking those "just
obligat'ons" of the Government in favor
of pension bills.
The committee then proceeded with the
consideration of pension bills, and thirty
five were favorably acted upon. At 10:30
the House adjourned. •
SHY ON ORATORY
IN THE SENATE
One Day Passes. Without
a Speech.
WASHINGTON. Feb. ».— As no liatcr
was prepared to proceed with a discussion
of the financial measure to-day the Sen
ate transacted only routine business and
adjourned early to enable members to at
tend the obsequies of General Lawtod.
When the. Senate convened Allison pre
sented the credentials of his colleague,
John H. Gear, re-elected to the Senate
from lowa for a term of six years from
March 4. 1901. The credentials were filed;
Very little routine business was trans
acted before the financial bill was laid
before the Senate. The Senators who
were expected to address the body on the
measure were absent temporarily and.
after a brief lull in the proceedings. Hoar
suggested :
"Question. Mr. President."
A laugh rippled over the Senate, and
Jones of Arkansas said he had not ex
pected that advantage would be taken of
the unanimous consent to vote on the bill
next Thursday to secure a vote at an
earlier date.
Hoar disclaimed any such effort, calling
attention to the fact that the pending
question was an amendment offered by.
the Finance Committee.
Chandler, chairman of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, said:
. "If the Senator from Tennessee. Mr.
Turley, were in his seat I would call up
the Pennsylvania Senatorial case. I have
refrained from pressing the case, as I
was informed that all the time would be
taken by the financial bill: but If the Sen
ate is not prepared to go on with the
pending bill I will ask the Senator (Mr.
Turley) to proceed with the Quay case."
The following bills were passed: To
erect a public building at Deadwood, 3.
D., to cost $200,000; appropriating $500 for
a monument to mark the site of the Fort
Phil Kearny massacre: granting the
State of Kansas the abandoned Fort
Hayes military reservation of 7000 acre*
for the purpose of establishing Western
branches of the Kansas Agricultural CoU
lere an<l of t*w> Kan«a» State Normal
Scnool thereon, anoror a'pcrftitc park. ' *
No Senator having indicated his desire
to discuss the financial bill, the Senate*.
at 1:05 p. m.. on motion of Aldrlch. who
said many Senators desired to attend the
obsequies of General Lawton. adjourned.
Champions of the Would-Be-All-Powerful-Gage Outgeneraled, and
Patronage Legislation Receives Its Deathblow— The >
Twelve Days' Session Terminates To-Day.
" That i$ Well Spoken
That is Well Taken/ 9
Lei every sufferer from catarrh take
this as a. personal recommendation from
the- thousands 'who have been cured of
this disease by Hood's SarsaparOUu R
eradicates the cause of the disease, and at
the same time soothes andrebuOds the irri-
tated and inflamed membranes.
Catarrh— "My throat «v in such a
condition toHh catarrh that 1 could hardly
*o)attov> and had no appetite. 1 found
Hood's SarsaparHU an excellent remedy,
and now have a good appetite/ EBaJ.
White, Ennb, Texas.
MASKED ROBBER SLAIN
BY INTENDED VICTIMS
Killed (1 With His Own Revolver,
Wrested From Him' After a
•? fe • * Hard Straggle. *: —
CHICAGO, Feb. 9.— A lone robber, well
dressed, with a ribbed silk mask to cover
his features, was shot and killed in C. H.
Woener"s park pavilion, 1859 West Madi
son street, late last night by Frank
Barum, an Oak Park lawyer, and Edward
Sommerfeldt, the bartender.
Besides Sommerfeldt and Barum there
was only one other person in the saloon
when the robber entered. The robber
commanded them to throw up their hands.
Resistance was offered. The robber fired
twice at his victims, one of the bullets
taking effect in Sommerfeldt's arm.
Barum then managed to wrench the re
volver from the robber. Sommerfeldt in
the meantime had obtained his revolver
and Barum fired several shots at the rob
ber, who fell dead at their feet. The
police were notified and the body was re
moved to the morgue. In the pockets of
the dead man was found Q.&.
OPPOSE P0OLB0OMS.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 9.— The popular
crusade against the poolrooms found
forcible expression to-night in a mass
meeting at the Clunie Opera-house, at
which resolutions were passed calling
upon the Board of Trustees to pass at
their meeting next Monday night Mayor
Clark's ordinance providing for the clos
ing of the poolrooms.
Spirited speeches were made by such
representative citizens as L. T. Hatfleld,
Elwood Burner, Rev. C. L. Mlel, rector of
St Paul's Church; State Senator Gillls
Doty, Judge S. S. Hall. H. Weinstock and
A. L. Shinn. Petitions are being circu
lated in the wards represented by doubt
ful Trustees urging them to respect the
popular will, and tt Is probable that
enough votes will be secured to adopt the
ordinance despite the pressure brought by
the poolroom owners.
Death of Colonel Thomas.
RUSSELLVILLE. Ky.. Feb: 9—Colonel
Joe Thomas died to-night, aged 83 years.
He was a prominent Mason and past
grand commander of the Knights Templar
of the world. - •¦/ . :. » v =.;-.. .
Palace and
Grand Hotels
With added lmnrciT.m«.>r^L V Tr
fwuuctt they conUaut tokttk* tiwiii
JOHN C. XZRXPATRICX.
.^^^^^^ M*M«Sft
Consult Frm»- th«
Hudjran Doctor*. Call
or writs to th«M. - ;
of appealing to Congress was heartily in
dorsed.
Judge Barham to-day introduced a bill
authorizing the Postmaster General to
make a contract with the American Ca
ble Company for the construction of a ca
ble to the Philippine Islands at $120,000 per
annum for twenty years. If this or any
other company fails to come within the
requirements of this condition the Post
master General is authorized to superin
tend the construction by the Government
of a cable with a terminus in the United
States at San Francisco, and a f12.000,<>00
appropriation is asked for. The Corliss
and Sherman bills for this matter only call
! for $8,000 000.
The Postoffiee Department will on
March I establish sub-station No. 14 of
the San Francisco Postofflce at the junc
tion of Market, Gough and Haight streets.
Representative Jones of Washington to
day Introduced a bill extending to Alaska
the laws of the United States relating to
the sale of coal and stone lands.
The contract for carrying mall from
Washington to Gaston, Cal., has been
awarded to the Idaho. Nevada and Cali
fornia Stage Company.
The postofflce at Putah, Lake County,
will be discontinued after February 28.
Mail should be sent to Lower Lake.
Pensions: California: Original—Na
poleon B. Douglass, Placerville, $6; Willis
Chapman. San Jose, $8; Jared Jerry Tow
ers, Los Angeles. $6: Charles V. Wharton,
Eureka, $8. Increase— Hiram L. Hugunin,
Los Angeles. $6 to $8; Syria H. Williams,
Oakland. $6 to $10.
Oregon: Original— Alvin Jackson, West
Portland. $8.
Washington: Original— William P. Gor
don. Tracy town. $6; Freeman W. Brown,
Olympia, $8. Restoration and additional-
Wilder Rice. Everett, $8. Increase— James
Martin, Centerville. $8 to $12.
INTERESTS THE
PACIFIC COAST
Bill for the Pacific Cable
Is Introduced.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.—
Secretary Hay has openly stated that it
would be better to leave the' British
treaty as it stands than to have it amend
ed. President McKinley entirely agrees
with him, and Senator Davis, chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, at
the conference at the White House to
day was told that no amendments would
be acceptable to the administration. Sen
ator Davis assured the President that he
was convinced that the treaty would be
passed as it had left Secretary Hay's
hands.
Senator Morgan also assured the Presi
dent that the treaty is in no danger. He
said it was a matter of great importance
that the treaty should be ratified and
provision made for beginning work on the
canal. ' .
"There U always a lot of mouthing
about anything Great Britain has a hand
In." Senator Morgan said, "but there is
not suflicient reason for it this time. I
see that one of the main grounds against
the treaty is that in case of war ships of
the enemy could go through the canal and
attack the Pacific Coast. Where would
our ships be all this time? Running away
or fighting? Why. they could pick their
ground for a fight anywhere, and for that
matter could stay in the canal itself and
do their fighting."
Many of the diplomats stationed in
Washington have called on Secretary Hay
and have assured htm that the passage
of the treaty would be most acceptal-le
to their home Governments.
It is understood that President McKln
ley is so deeply impressed with the deplor
able condition of Hawaii that he is con
templating a special message to Congress,
in which he will review the situation as it
exists In the islands and will earnestly
recommend the enactment of remedial
legislation. It is understood that he will
suggest to Congress to grant authority
to the Hawaiian Legislature to meet in
extra version in order that measures may
be taken to arrest the spread of the
plague and make provision to alleviate the
suffering Its presence has entailed. 1 : «
subject was fully discussed at the Cabinet
meeting to-day and the President's plan
Drank Carbolic .Acid.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 9.— Mrs. Scott Ben
nett of Post Falls, a prominent church
member, committeed suicide by drinking
carbolic acid while temporarily Insane. .
SENATOR F. W. BURNETT
Upon Whom Gage Has Vented
J ¦ His Spite. ;
a commissioner of public works; Senate
bill 3, amending section 2 of the act of
1897 relative to the appointment of an
auditing board of -public works, that its
work may be extended beyond the limits
prescribed in the original act; Senate bill
4, repealing the mining law of 1597; Senate
bill 5, so amending section 2524 of the
Political Code that the wharves of San
Francisco may be extended, and per
mitting the Governor of California to
sit with the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners; Senate bill 6, amending sec
tion 2527 of the Political Code relating to
the powers of the Board of State 'Har
bor Commissioners r Senate' bill 7, au
thorising the State Treasurer to trans
fer to the San Francisco harbor improve
ment fund 136,000, now in the San Fran
cisco depot sinking fund.
Senator Wolf this afternoon withdrew
his proposed constitutional amendment to
regulate the charges of telephone com
panies, and in doing so explained that he
had introduced it in good faith, and that
the time would come when everybody
would concede the necessity for such leg
islation.
Senator Smith offered a concurrent
resolution granting leave of absence from
the State not to exceed six months of
State Treasurer Truman Reeves. The res
olution was adopted.
A message was received from the Gov
ernor announcing that he had signed Sen
ate bill 1, repealing the wide-tire act, ap
proved March 20, 1897; aJco Senate bill 13,
repealing section 19 of article IH of the
State Lunacy Commission act. Senate
joint resolution 6, relating to the survey
ing of public lands in the State by the
Federal Land Office, was taken up and
adopted by a vote of 27 to 0.
Assembly constitutional amendment 3,
to amend section 82 of article IV of the
constitution, which had been reported
from committee without recommenda
tion, was taken up and Senator Davis ex
plained that the proposed amendment was
intended to make it Impossible for the
Governor to veto a claim bill which might
pass the Legislature. The proposed
amendment was lost by a vote of 1 to 25.
Assembly concurrent resolution 2, re
questing the Federal Government to con
struct roads in the Yosemite National
Park, was adopted by a vote of 25 to 0.
Assembly joint resolution 3, requesting
that Congress do something to stop the
"grabbing" of Government petroleum,
asphaltum and other land, was adopted
by a vote of 24 to 0.
At 5:30 p. m. the Senate adjourned until
10 o'clock to-morrow. -:= .: : ¦>
APPROPRIATION FOR
DEBRIS DAMS WANTED
Assembly Passes the Bill Authoriz-
ing the Governor to Withdraw
State Lands From Sale.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 9.— ln the Assem.
bly this morning ' Melick moved that his
notice to reconsider the bill by which the
wide tire law was repealed be laid on the
table. The motion was carried, being the
last act, so far as the Legislature is con
cerned, in the removal of the wide tiro
law from the statutes.
Assembly joint resolution No. 4 was
adopted. The resolution instructs the
State's representatives In Congress to use
their best efforts to secure the appropila
tion recommended by the California De
bris Commission for debris dams and re
straining works in the State.
Senate constitutional amendment No. 3,
authorizing municipal charters to be voted
for at general elections and permitting
their amendment by a majority instead of
a three-fifths vote, was adopted.
Assembly bill No. 2, authorising the
Governor to withdraw State lands from
s.ale, was taken up. and Belshaw moved
that It be re-referred to the committee,
which meant its death.. Dibble and John
son protested that this was not fair, and
the motion was withdrawn. The measure,
after a call of the house, was passed by a
vote of 42 to 29.
A resolution was introduced requiring
plans to be made for the Improvement of
the State Capitol building.
The Assembly refused to adopt a joint
resolution protesting against the proposed
treaty with England relative to the Nica
ragua canal, now pending before the Fed
eral Senate.
Assembly Joint resolution No. 1, asking
Congress to call a convention for propos
ing amendments to the Federal constitu
tion, to the end that United States
Senators may be elected by direct vote of
the people, was adopted. Senate joint res
olution No. 2. covering the same grounds,
was also adopted.
Favorable action was taken on Senate
constitutional amendment No 1, relative
to the judicial department of the State
government.
Governor Gage returned to tne Assembly
Don Carlos Eseta— the chief
of the latter day revolution
ists. Have you read the story
of his latest effortf Of course
not, because it has not as yet
been published. The story will
appear in next Sunday's Call.
You will want the full page
drawing on the cover of next
Sunday's Call. It will make a
• swell poster for your room.
"Sfc Valentine's day." «
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
( RAMENTO, Feb. 9— The Legis-
V-^ Mature will adjourn to-morrow at
noon and leave Governor Gage alone to
nurse his wrath and heal the sore spots
left from the punishment administered
by the lawmakers from whom he de
manded so much and received so little.
His carefully planned scheme to starve
the members v into voting for a bill
clothing him with the power of a czar
went wrong in the Assembly as soon as
to-day's Call,' containing the exposure
of the plot, reached here, y' y •
Despite the desperate efforts made by
Gage to gather votes enough to make a
showing.* none of the 1 Assemblymen
were disposed to fall down. They were
threatened and browbeaten, but all to no
avail, and when the House convened
GAGE SHOWS HIS
VINDICTIVENESS
. "Withholds Senator Burnett'* ¦
. Appointment From Con- J
]¦ flnnation for Refusing to J"
Vote for Burns. '
Special Dispatch to The O»1L
. CALL HEADQUARTERS, BAC- y«
RAMENTO, Feb. 9.-Oovernor^
• Gage has vented his spite on one;/
of the Senators who was too big -1
for him to handle and too indepen->i ..<
dent to submit to his dictation. Be- «. <
cause Senator Burnett refused to
vote for Daniel M. Burns for -<
United States Senator Gage has not' y*
sent his name to the ' Senate for ¦<
confirmation as one of the Port A
Wardens of San Francisco. Shortly H
after the adjournment of the last -H
session Gage announced a number A
of appointments, among which 'A
were Senator Burnett and Assem- A
blyman Kenneally as Port War- a
dens. Kenneally managed to secure a
his place by effecting a compromise ¦*
with Percy Henderson. Burnett, : A
however, found that he had been ¦*
passed a gold brick. At that time h
he was in the camp of Colonel •<
Burns. Gage promised him that h
everything would be arranged to «
his satisfaction and that as soon as ¦<
the Legislature convened his name i
would be submitted to the Senate ¦*
for confirmation. *<
Senator Burnett's position in the- -<
late Senatorial fight is a matter of *
, recent history. As evidence that it ¦<
I did not please Gage the fact that 1
he submitted the name of every -<
appointee announced since the last «
session but that of Burnett is taken »
as the best proof. The Governor's 1
action in the matter is a subject of -
very severe and uncomplimentary ¦>
comment among the Republican -
Senators, who state that It is a dis- 1 '<
play of petty vindletiveness that -
they thought was beneath a man, of -
tven Gage's caliber. * • "
SENATE CONFIRMS
MANY APPOINTMENTS
Governor Gage Return* a Number of
Important Bills With His
Approval.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. ».— ln the Senate
this morning Burnett for the Committee
on Executive Communications and Nomi
nations reported back the list of appoint
ments sent in by the Governor yesterday,
recommending that they be confirmed.
There was no opposition to any of the
appointments until the name of Robert
C. Poppe of Sonoma County, appointed a
director of the California Home for the
Care and Training of Feeble-minded Chil
dren, was reached. A warm fight was
started against the confirmation of this
appointment. It took twenty-one votes
to confirm, and after the roll had been
called Poppe had but 16 votes in bis favor.
A call of the House was ordered. After a
wait of nearly an hour the necessary 21
votes were secured and Poppe's appoint
ment confirmed. The confirmations were
in full as follows: _
George W. Reed, Alameda County, a
director of the Deaf and Dumb and Blind
Asylum, In place of Andrew J. Ralston,
appointment withdrawn. .
John H. Grindley, Alameda County, a
director of the Deaf and Dumb and Blind
Asylum, in place of Benjamin F. Bergin,
appointment withdrawn.
F W. Lougee, San Francisco, a director
of the' California Home for the Care and
Training of Feeble-minded Children, in
place of F. W. G. Moebus, appointment
withdrawn.
Robert A. Poppe, Sonoma County, a
director of the California Home for the
Care and Training of Feeble-minded Chil
dren, in place of A. B. Ware, appointment
Henry W. Keller, Los Angeles County,
a member of the State Board of Fish
Commissioners, in place of James M. Mor-
R. E. Nickel, Los Angeles County, a
member of the Board of Port Wardens
for the port of San Francisco, in place of
Samuel Braunhart, term expired.
Charles F. Kenneally, San Francisco, a
member of the Board of Port Wardens for
the port of San Francisco, in place of P.
L. Henderson, term expired.
James Clarke, Los Angeles County, a
trustee of the Whittier State School, in
place of William R. Rowland, resigned.
Before the Senate adjourned to-day a
message was received from the Governor
announcing his appointment of another
lot of officials whose appointments must
be confirmed by the Senate. They were
immediately considered and confirmed.
The appointments were:
Franklin EUery; member of the Board
of State Harbor Commissioners for the
port of Eureka. Instead of H. L. Ricks,
whose term expires March 12. 1900.
John G. Murray, member of the Board
of State Harbor Commissioners for the
port of Eureka, instead of J. R. Brown,
whose term of office expires March 16,
1900.
Trustees of the State Normal School 'it
Chico— F. C. Lusk. T. H. Bernard, Frank
D. Ryan, Richard Belcher and Clifford
Colby.
Trustees of the State Normal School at
Los Angeles— R. H. F. Berryhill, H. W.
O'Melveney, John 8. Collins, N. P. Conrey
and E. J. Lewis.
Trustees of the State Normal School at
San Jose— Frank W. Leavitt. Frank H.
Short. George W. Pierce, Dr. H. C. Brown
and George Sweigert. , ¦:,...
Trustees of the State Normal School at
San Diego— Dr. R. M. . Power, George (nil
ler. Z. B. West, W.;R. Guy and I. B.
Dockwelier.
Trustees of the State. Normal School nt
San Francisco— M. Cooney, S. C; Denson,
F. A. Hyde, W. G. Johnson and H. G. W.
Dlnkelspeil.
W. H. L. Barnes, to be a Regent of the
State University, vice Timothy Guy
Phelps. deceased.
Charles H. Spear to be a member of the
Board of Port Warden* of the port of San
Francisco, vice H. R. Atwood, term ex
pired. '
Henry T. Waite to be a member of the
Board of Port Wardens for the port of
San Francisco, vice Nelson Provost.
John E. Budd, Regent of the State Uni
verslty, to succeed himself for. the full
term to begin March 1, 1900.
Governor Gage returned to the Senate
with bis approval Senate bill 2, creating
this morning Gage's case was hopeless.
His own party .was ashamed of him.
and even the Democratic members made
wry faces whenever his name was men
tioned.
Assemblyman Bclshaw blocked any
possibility of "phony" legislation by in
troducing a resolution that no^ bills
would be considered after 12:30 o'clock
to-day. The resolution went through
with a rush. Before the Governor's
men fully appreciated what they were up
against the joint resolution to adjourn
at 12 o'clock Saturday, which was to
have been considered at 3 o'clock, was
called up out of order and adopted.
Those who had been scheming for Gage
were not even given a chance to catch
their breath, and as soon as they fully
appreciated how thoroughly crushing
Was their defeat they made an uncondi
tional surrender.
Report of State Secretary Parsons Shows
That the Past Year Was One of
Advancement ;
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN AT
ASSOCIATION CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
ASSEMBLY STANDS WITH SENATE
AND BLOCKS THE GOVERNOR
9 H EPi jEK f>3 KHtm 9 j flaaß
¦ Ini sf3m us icj
B B H 13S 6*B fSSB ¦& wsssk ¦
sW "Jl cm **i Km CeSQI Ef r^B ¦
¦^/imi gas} ssi^B k *^** X 9
BlSft^iii^vi^^^a^^^^^-^^^VirSsß
2MINERS DISCHARGED.
Hundreds Thrown Out of Employ-
ment in British Colombia.
ROSSLAND. B. C. Feb. S.-The mining
community is in a condition of genuine
consternation, owing to the discharge to
day of 100 men by the Le Roi Mining
Company, and the announcement from
Nelson that the Hall mines and smelter
had also shut down to-day on account of
the enforcement of the eight-hour law for
underground mining.
Following so quickly after the partial
shutdown of the War Eagle and the Cen
ter Star, these further cases of cessation
«f mining operations has created dismay
in both mining and business circles. Un
fortunately, too, there is said to be a
probability of still further Instances of
wholesale discharges and shutting down
before the middle of the present month. :
Pritchard Pleads Guilty.
SUISUN, Feb. 9.— Charles Prltchard of
Dixon pleaded guilty in the Superior Court
here to-day. to a charge of assault with in
tent to commit murder. . Prltchard was
committed- to the State- Prison at San
Quentln for a term of four years.
rictisis ci latest pcraTxe. Mrs. Hawlcics lor year*
•=sered the prirf and ac^cieh shared by 60 oany
true and fait&iul wotaea <i America to-day, who
h a rcinik-iilicteiia tiers, tu«.bas.<l«cr tens. &he
determined to overcome thi« feartal evil 11 possible.
Her search iar a harmless, perfect ard secret home
cure was at l^st rewarded w bra aa old tzieaA case
to her and rare her a remedy which had nerer beea
kscwatofail. Mrs. Ua*rk;^s ra*e the remedy 6*c-
retly and ia a lew week*, to her preat joy,her dearest
relati ve was entirely cured cf his appetite for drisk
&s.d '.vis £ ra. ia restored to health and t&acbood.
After tfcis svendwful resclt, Mrs. Eawkisa de-
cided todsrou i.« .' Hie to the work cf helpta? ber
cister«eTerrTrn«re.whoa shelocndeuSfermsrasEha
had csffered Iroa the effects of aJcchoi cpu. a ess-
111 1 r. J. ix'Jbex cr son. VTitli the a s.» ist^nce of otbers
che jieriected the crlg-isal trraunent and sow
clez* tosrad this treat mest free to any distressed
wile, mother or sister who will write Jar It. Mrs.
Hawkins has mean* of ber own aid co charge
wfeaterer is sisde for the treatment, becan&e her
gr«at desire U that erery wcz&aa who nerds this
¦cxr^Vir** will write at coo* to ter and get it.
y^ Oratcful Woman.
JZES. MAT HAWSIS3. Grstd R;;i<J*. Mich. —
lljlmas >¦ r.»na :— You her* beta the aiea&i of t ri=a-
ir^ » = =—»'.« !o£o xet boss. Ltrt jLcrnn I cot roar
rme-i.7 tn<i btsr&a e!»tc« it to cr hncttnd, aad frea
t&at t lisa out '.itfe: prawst l.p h« tcttelcr. a drop cf
»::jtis.iot»icoaciic drislcs. I cacact ur too maca for
« L« ;ocxre=-»-; n-6 das* forme end I arse Itui
fceiycr to »B7 s»c.h«r. «v* r or wii« who c h»ll »«edlt.
Vxirs » in'-rei r 2&BS. U. A. UIKZ.
r«#t Haepum. U«~ Teb. U. leifc'. ,
Tboasxrida bare cared their bane* e&d krred
rr.es by this nziei y aad ron cats \* asicnff the nua-
ber if yoa coly with it. il r*. Ha wkms treats erery
tetter Cbe receive* eacredly rrift4»r»<pl end yoa
need tare no hecitaijcy whxteTer la wrhteff ber for
auistaccr* v i"CotcVe!ay;wrltehertoday. Address
ttr*,AU> ;v_rfUaj,Bcxi;a Onad ßapids, Mich.
men and women, brother* and listers, ltftlnir.
as children, our wet faces toward the consola
tions of God. The stars of the spangled flag,
covering now this chape of Its noble warden.
chine multiplied upon the dews of trie!. But
with a solemn Joy It beseems you. his com
rades of the army, to five thanks for the life
whose end must (after this parenthesis of diffi
cult farewell) be viewed, not as a calamity,
but as the conquest.
"Men ur.art to ween" are smitten by the
pathos of that courage we commemorate—cour
ar*. moat touching of all human graces; bat
let them also smile -with exalted hope as they
lay ur>on this soldier's sepulchre the chaplets
of their homare.
Dr." Stryker eulogized General Lawton's
military career and went on to say:
This better Plantasenet. this latest Bayard,
"without fear and without reproach." this
modern Phllio Sidney, whose life was also
"poetry put into action," has shown once more
of what etuff ts Incorrigible manhood— ln what
substinc* root the memories that last.
For a tru« poet (and co proven; Is one who ha«
written at l^ast some things of which no poet
that ever lived can have been ashamed 1 and
would jladly have owned; send a true man Is
admitted to the fellowship of heroes by the
equality and • peerage of his supreme deeds.
Here was cne whom Raleigh. Gustavus Adol
phus, William of Orange, Wilnkeliied. Cam
bronae. Garibaldi, would know at sight. He
was of that time-enduring breed which ha«
made Agincourt and Naseby and Quebec and
Lucknow ct immortal story. He was comrade
to the-MaryUnder who guarded the retreat at
Long Island, to the men who passed the Dela
ware, who served the (runs of Pleasanton, who
roaked the sod of Peach Orchard, who ran
tinging through the tide at Manila. wHo held
Guantanam*. Let it be said, and let it be. said
here that none of us is of those who walk
backward into the future and translate the
present urslde down.
Duty is in the imperative and unconditional
mood. When, In the 'name of mankind. , and.
that peace might be real, we undertook in 189s
to cleanse the eeas we affirmed a principle, and
made a precedent that I, for one, hold to have
written the most honorable leaf in all our his
tory. But all that has been since was corrolary
to that. No special pleading of professional
malcontents with whom wisdom will not die. no
a priori abstraction, can unsay what this dead
soldier's teal did for America, Rather does
such a death enjoin upon our purpose and per
formance such ends as ehall vindicate u« from
cowardly indifferentlsm and evasion in r the
face of whatever duty. and. however unex
pected or complex, enjoin us to regard and to
teach liberty's authority.
In some good day— not far away, pleas* God
when those islands, foundlings no longer, shall
have been rendered as a majestic deodand to
civilization, to regulate freedom and to the Got!
of these, there. In fair Luzon, right where he
fell, front to his duty, let the valiant frame of
this true liberator rise in Immutable bronze,
while, understanding us at last, our brown
brothers, gazing upon that statue, stature, stat
ute, all in one, ehall say: "He was American,
but he Is ours. too. He was slain by ns lg
norantly In unbelief, but he. has forgiven."
A dozen troopers, as the doctor closed,
lifted the flower-laden coffin and bore it
to the door, where 3000 soldiers and cit
izens In greater number waited to honor
the soldier in his last march t to his final
resting place on the Virginia hillside be
yond the Potomac. With a clatter of
Iron hoofs the cavalry escort cantered
forward to form the guard of honor. Or
ders flung from rank to rank down the
broad avenue brought troop and platoon
wheeling into line.
With crape-Bhrouded colors lowered
they filed past— scarlet-caped artillery
men, cavalry with their orange plumes
and facings, and the ranks of blue-clad
Infantry— moving with machinellke ca
dence. At the rear, with rumble of heavy
wheels and clash of trace chains, came
the guns, field batteries and siege trains.
Ahead of the scores of carriages was the
flag-draped, flower-laden caisson, the ideal
soldier's bier, and behind it was led the
officer's charger in a shroud of black,
with the boots reversed in the stirrups, a
picturesque remnant of superstition in
this materialistic day of machine guns
ard smokeless powder.
The escort consisted of a squadron of
the Third Cavalry, Light Battery M of
the Seventh Artillery. Siege Battery C of
the Seventh; a brigade of dismounted.ar
tillery, two battalions of the Fifteenth
Infantry and one of the Second, three
battalions from the Fourth and Fifth ar
tillery and a battalion of United States
marines. .....
The whole was under command of Gen
eral "Wesley Merritt. MiHor John A. John
ston, chief of staff, rfhd the following
mounted officers : ¦ Special 'Aids— Brigadier
General Alfred E. Bates. Colonel John.F.
Weston. Colonel Theodore A. Blngh'am,
Lieutenant Henry G. Sharp. Captain Jo
seph E. Kuhn and Lieutenant T. Bentley
Motley; aids— Lieutenant Colonel William
H. - Carter, -Lieutenant Colonel Culver^C.
Sniffen, Major William A, Simpson. Major
Charles L. McCawley. United States Ma
rine- Corps; Major Harvey C. Carbaugh.
Captain Charles G. Treat and' Captain
George O. Squire, .
It was a dreary wait in the cold, wind
swept slope* -of Arlington^ for -the
¦
hundreds who had made the pilgrimage i
early in the day. But close on sunset the !
boom of the Sylph's gun on the Potomac
was answered by the crash of minute {
guns from Fort Myer, and then the 1
solemn notes of the dirge were borne 6tj j
the wind as the procession moved throujh ,
the winding avenues of the great city cf i
the dead.
The grave was In the open space just j
south of the amphitheater and in sight of ;
the Mansion House. General Merritt and .
his mounted staff deployed on the south
road, while solid ranks of dismounted ;
troopers held back the crowd on every
Bide, Nimble cavalrymen swarmed owr
the caisson, casting loose the lashings. :
and bore the coffin to the open grave. [
while the President and the Cabinet, with '
the gray-haired generals, stood silent and |
bareheaded as the chaplain pronounced ',
the words of committal that consigned ;
forever the honored dust to the dust;
whence it came.
Then, in answer to a low command, the \
firing squad wheeled into line. The snap
ping volleys of the carbines scarcely I
echoed among the bare trees, but the wail
Of the bugle as it sounded "taps" lingered •
lonir and sadly in the gray of the winter j
twilight and echoed faintly from the;
distant hills.
As it died away the co f3n sank frnn
¦view. General Lawton*s home-coming
was accomplished.
WARRANTS OUT FOR
ARSENT LEGISLATORS
Democrats Will Resist Arrest
and the Clash Mau Be
Hastened.
0 LONIXDN. Ky.. Feb. 10.— Ser*eents-at -arras Cecil of the House and C. H. O
t Howard cf the Senate left after 1 o'clock this (Saturday) morning on the *
1 northbeund train, armed with warrants for the arrest of absent Democratic 4
O members of both Houses. Late last evening it was finally decided by the o
? Senate officers to make out the warrants for the arrest of the Democratic ?
O Senators without waiting for the arrival of Lieutenant Governor Marshall and O
? send Howard and Cecil, the latter having already been given his warrants from ?
° the House. Where the two were going cculd not be ascertained here, as no, ?
? tickets were purchased ar.d they refused to tell. The significant remark was o
« dropped that something would be heard to-morrow. 4
n O
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Feb. I.— The Detno
cz2.-Ac Legislature met here to-day, hav
ir.«? present in each house a quorum of
. the total membership. Governor Beck
ham tr.a.de the announcement this after
r.oon that he is prepared to, protect tne
Legislature from arrest, and that he will
These developments of to-day mark llw
f.rst steps toward carrying out die pla.is
announced Sunday last by the Democrats
to set vp a State gcvsrr.rr.vr.t tborc.
Some commotlcn trai caused cn:ong the
legislators this morning by tips from
London and Fran^ort that warrants
nere about to b« fv.orr. out for tile ar
rest of enough Democratic members to
make a quorum for the P.epublican Leg
islature new meeting at London.
When told of this Governor Beckham
fiid: "No member of the Legislature
Trho comes to Lou:sv;'le should fear ar
rest I ehall net allow any number of
the Oeneral Assembly to be arrested."
When asked what rneasjres would be
adopted to prevent such arrests, should
thfy be attempted. Governor B^ckham re
plied that be was fully prepared to pro
tect tfce Legislature and to arrest any
persons who Interfered with its members.
Further thar this, he vrould make no
ctctement. It is known, however, that
F:rce the appointment of Genera! Castle
man as adjutant general arrangements
have been ir.auc- to provide ¦«. defensive
force ample Uir the safety of the Demo
¦ ratio State r.trktrs. The legis'ative ses
sions to-day were held in the-Ounhouse,
the Senat-? meeting in the Chancery
t'curt room and the House In the County
t'nurt rcora. litsolut^ons from the Gen
*:al Afsexcbly of "iVxas. in memory of
Governor Goeixi. were read and an ap
r ;ri£te response »is sent. Resoiutior.d
i the death of Governor Goebel were
and in r»-ppect to his memory ad
jonnnaest was taken by both houses until
V-'-rr.orrow..--
Th* everts of th* rast ten days have
i^vefi t» solidify the Democratic force?
:r. the L^jr.slature and to strengthen the
party's position there. Among the irsera
\rrs' who answrred to their names to
day tiere a number who have been classed
ss'anti-Goebel men and who. on several
p ;;;ie*l issues, have voted with the Ke
:¦ INDON. Ky.. Feb. 9.— The following
message from Governor Taylor was re
oefved to-day by a member of the L*g
"Have warrants Issued for members of
the House and put in hands of sergeant
lat arms to serve."
The wa.rrar.ts were made out late to
day and given to Sergeant at Arms r>cil
of the House. •
Lieutenant Governor Marshall tele
craphed he would b* here early to-mor
row naomir-g.
A form of warrant for absent members
was mace out and it raised the question
that it should be signed by the president
of the Senate and not by the president
pro tern. It was decided to withhold the
issuance of warrants from the Senate un
tii to-morrow, so that Lieutenant Gov
ernor Marshall, president -of the Senate,
who will have arrived, may attach his
signature.
The effect of the Governor's message
was aypar«ir.t. Senator Cox said: "We
mean business. We will have a quorum
In the House and a quorum in the Senate.
We -will be in working order and ready
to transact business by Monday. Further
than that I have nothing to say."
Late in the afternoon the House war
rants were issued*. A list of a number of
members to be brought to London had
been prepared, but whether warrants
were issued for all of them couid not be
ascertained.
m - c detectives have arrived in Lon
dor. ard every effort has been made to
keep their identity a secret. Two of
thtm are here in the interest of the Dem
ocrats and three for the ReDublicans.
EVIDENCE REGARDING
GOEBEL'S ASSASSINATION
FRANKFORT. Ky., Feb. ?.— The
authorities expect to obtain important
evidence regarding the assassination of
Governor Goebel, from Silas Jones, who
v.as arrested this morning. Jones has al
ready made a partial confession. He de
clares that he personally knows nothing
OX the crime, but gays that ilarlan Y\"hlt
taxer, who *as arrestei ¦ immediately
after the shooting while running from the
executive building, from v/liich the shots
were fired, knows a great deal about the
crime. It is believed that Jones gave more
information than that regarding Whit
tiker. and that what he told tne police
may leaa to further arrests in the neigh
borhood of Richmond, Madison County,
Kentucky.
John Gottschalk of Nelson County, who
V.&S arrested with Jones, was released
from custody to-mpht.
Gottschalk and J-jr.es an* cousins. The
latter says he came with ihe mountaineer
excursion. Both are said to have slept
in the executive building the n:«nt belorc
G'lebt.l was assas.-lnated. Jones pays he
applied to Taylor and F'.nley for pay lor
coming here. He says this was promised
him by others in advance, but they would
rot settle and he could not get out of
town. He sayp he did not know what he
was brought here for. Although the de
tective? have been examining and cross
examining Jones all afternoon and even
ing, outsiders have not fc^eri permitted to
see or talk to him. The detective? believe
this to be the mo<=t complete arrest yet
made. Jor.es is said to have been sleeping
in a vacant house, only coming our at
night, and had b*en here for a week prior
to the assassination.
Orchard Changes Hands.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"WOODLAND^Feb. 9.— The helr« of the
l»te,"W. G. Hunt have executed a deed to
the Yolo Orchard Company of the prop
erty known as the Yolo orchard, compris
ing. 1 over 400 acres Lof \ the finest orchard
property in the Sacramento .Valley.
L. W. KNAPP. M.D.
How any man may quickly cure himself
after years of suffering from sexual weak-
ness, loet. vitality, nightly losses, varico-
cele etc and enlarge small weak organs
to full size and vigor. Simply send your
name and address to Dr. L. W. Knapp.
1373 Hull Bid;?.. Detroit, Mich., and he will
gladly send the free receipt with full di-
rections so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from his daily mall show what men
think of his generosity:
. r'Dear ¦ Sir: Please accept my aincer©
thanks for yours of recent date. " I hay«
given your treatment a thorough test and
the benefit has beea extraordinary. 'It I
has completely bracea me utv I am Just
as vigorous as when a boy and you can-
not realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir: Your method worked beau«
tifully. Results were exactly what I need-
ed. Strength and vijror have completely
returned and enlargement ia entirely sat-
isfactory."
"Dear Sir: Yours was received and I
had no trouble in making us© of the re-
ceipt as directed and can truthfully say
it is a boon to weak men. I am grreatly
improved In size, strength and vigor."
All correspondenca Is strictly confld-m-
tlal, mailed In plain sealed envelop*. Tna
receipt is free for the asking , mj h<
wants every man to have It-
Send Name and Address To-day— You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. May Hewklns Will Help Every
Woman Save a Drunkard.
A Trial Package cf Her Marrelous
Ease Treatment FREE for the asking.
Act tree wcsiaa zaigst well be procd to have
saved ccc poor soil frozn the ttiaclrlea c£ drici, bet
" rs .Us. w iri^s has redeemed thomgiria by her coble
tad practical wcrlc aacc? those who bare bc-a
Earthquake at Petaluma.
PETALUMA. Feb. 9— Two distinct
shocks of earthquake were felt In this.'
city at 4:30 this morning. The greater
portion of the population was awakened.
No serious damage was done.
BUCK PLAGUE
STUMPED OUT
No New Cases Develop
at Honolulu.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Can.
HONOLULU. Feb. 2.— Seven d*ays have
elapsed since we. have had a case of the
plague or even a suspicious case, so that
even our very cautious and conservative
medical men enteraln ho^°s that the dan
ger Is at an end. This Is due to the dras
tic measures that have been taken In de
stroying by fire nearly half of the busi
ness portion of the city— that is. China
town—and removing no less than seven
eights of the total Asiatic population and
all the Hawaiians who were In touch with
the infected districts into well ordered
camps of detention.
So far not a single suspicious case has
been reported from any of the plantations
or from any of the other Islands. The
epidemic confined itself almost entirely to
the Asiatic- quarters, and they are no
more.
The Government feels much relieved at
President McKinley*s approval of the
Council of State appropriating money to
combat the plague, and now that the au
thorization Is complete the work of sani
tation In the destroyed districts will . bo
carried to a completion, and from the
ruins and ashes of Chinatown will arise
a new city more worthy of the flag under
which Hawaii now nestles.
It la the intention of the Board of
Health to be on the safe side, and to that
end a strict quarantine will be kept up for
some time to come. If no other cases ap
pear in a week there may be a relaxation
of the rules as they affect travel and pub
lic gatherings. There will hardly be a
disposition to raise the quarantine under
fourteen days or more, though this may
be declared a clean port before that time.
President C. B. Wood reports that the
total number of deaths from bubonic
plague during the prevalence of the dis
ease here was forty-six. Three deaths
not previously reported " were the follow
ing:
Quon Fat XT'". Chinese, male, ar»l SS, dleiS
January M; from Wylie . and Llllhi streets,
Honolulu.
• Emily Btsllnr. Hawaiian, female, aged " 4J»
died January 24;'frora Kalmukl. Honolulu.
As sarura. Japanese, male; ared 33, died Jan
uary 2S; from KallM detention camp.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company
announces that It will resume taking pas
sengers from Honolulu to San Francisco.
During the plague epidemic this company
declined to take passengers from this
Another large fire occurred in China
town on the 27th ult- The flames de
stroyed buildings covering about six acres
of ground. The fire Is said to have been
of incendiary origin. ¦¦¦_¦¦ -
The island steamer Kinau has been
chartered by Alexander & Baldwin to load
sugar at Makaweli.Kaual. for San Fran
cisco. This vessel has been plying be
tween Honolulu and Hilo for a number of
The cable ship Nero arrived on January
29. after a lon* cruise in the Pacific After
taking on coal she departed the next day
for San Francisco.
BEGGED TO BE
SENT TO PRISON
Burglar Wished to Break
the Drug Habit.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call
BAN JOSE. Feb. S.-Walter Kellogg, a
cocaine fiend, stood before Judge Lorigan
of the Superior Court to-day and begged
to be committed to Folsom prison that he
might free himself from the enslaving
drug. It was the time set down for the
sentencing of Kellogg on a charge of
burglary, to which he had pleaded guilty.
He had robbed five different houses, and
in each case his loot consisted of lead
pipe, which he tore out from under sinks.
The pipe was disposed of to Junk men
through two small boys, Willie Fernandez
and Albert Donovan, and the proceeds
were used to purchase cocaine.
Since his arrest, Kellogg has asked to
be sent to State prison, and to-day he
made his appeal to the Judge. He stated
he was S3 years of age, and a native of
California. This was his first arrest for
crime. Six years ago he became addicted
to opium, then morphine arid now cocaine.
Kellogg has a wife and two children. At
one time his wife secured a divorce from
him. but through, desire to reform him
Ehe had remarried him. He told Judge
Lorigan he had secured a hundred-day
sentence in the County Jail at Stockton to
cure himself of morphine and had broken
off the drug, but taking to drinking the
desire for a stronger stimulant returned to
him. Kellogg asked that he be given a
year in Folsom. In that time he would
be thoroughly cured of the habit, and af
ter he was discharged he would devote the
balance of his life to rescuing fellow suf
ferer* from the opium, morphine and
cocaine habits.
Judge Lorigan looked at the unfortun
ate man's plight in a kindlier way. He
said he did not believe In sending a man
to State prison to cure him of such a
habit, as the stigma of being a convict
would always be attached to him. He
continued the sentencing of Kellogg for
one week, and It ia probable he will only
be given a six months' term In the County
Jail.
Willie Fernandez and Albert Donovan,
aj?ed 14 and 16. who disposed of Kellogg's
loot, were arraigned before Justice Rosen
thai to-day on a charge of burglary. Their
examination was set for February 12. The
boys will probably be sent to the Whittler
Reform School.
Accidentally Drowned
REDDING. Fr-b. 5.— A report reachel
here this evening of the accidental drown
ing cf WiMard Wood In Pit River, near
Bieber. Lassen County. The victim of
the accident was 18 years old and the son
of William Wood, a prominent farmer of
Big- Valley, fonr.erly of Redding. He left
Bieber on foot at dusk bound for home,
about six miles away, and must have be
come lost in the woods, as after crossin?
the Pit River bndge he wandered back tv
the stream and falling over the ten-foot
bank was drowr.ed. After being missed
his footsteps were traced and the river
dragged. The body was recovered to-day.
the lowering winter day for a glimpse
of the flag-draped caisson with Its mili
tary escort as it passed through the
streets. Hundreds more made the toll-
Borne pilgrimage to Arlington to hear the
last words pronounced above the open
grave, where President, Cabinet and the
general commanding the army stood with
bowed heads until the last volley had
been fired and the bugle sounded "taps."
It was the home-coming of a hero. For
seven weeks, ever since the : sad news
from San Mateo had been flashed around
the width of the world, the country had
waited to pay its best tribute to the dead.
Lawton. to the great bulk of Ameri
cans, had been the incarnation of the
American soldier. He had made his mark
in the Civil War from the Mississippi to
the sea, and in the interval of potential
peace it was he who had beaten at his
own game Geronimo, the greatest master
of desert craft j and mountain fighting
that the West had ever known; it was h
who, in the new problems of a tropic war,
had proved the most daring and re
sourceful of all the generals in the field.
It was in tribute to these qualities that
the Lawton fund had in a few weeks
been swelled past all the expectations of
its originators, for America knew that
Lawton, having been a soldier first and
only, had left to those who loved him no
heritage save his fame and a spotless
name.
For a day and night the body of the
soldier lay in state in the Church of the
Covenant. So it lay this morning when
the doors were opened, troopers from his
old command, with sabers drawn, keep
ing vigil at the head and foot. Beneath
the soft lights of the altar arose a tropi
cal Jungle of palms, and higher
than the flag-draped cofOn arose
banks of flowers, tributes from every
quarter of the land. At his head hung
In dim folds the dingy battle flag from
San Mateo, still on its bamboo staff and
supported by one of the men who was
near him when he fell. From the ceiling
hung the red-centered flag of the Eighth
Corps, under which he had won perpet
ual fame in two island wars. About him.
as the shrill pipes of the organ trembled
with the opening anthem, stood grouped
his superiors, and his brother officer;*,
with whom and for whom his life work
Bad been done.
i Close to the coffin sat President Me-
Klnley and on his right the Secretary of
State. With them were the Secretary of
War, the Attorney General, the Secre
tary of the Navy, 'the Postmaster Gen
eral, the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Secretary of the Interior and the Secre
tary of Agriculture. Close by were Mrs.
Lawton. little Manley and the others of
the family, and to the left General Miles,
General Merritt. General Brooke. General
Shatter and their staff oGlcers, all In uni
form, and all Lawton's comrades who at
one time or another had camped and
fought with him. In the body of the
church was a scarcely less notable gath
ering — assistant secretaries and heads of
bureaus; the military committees of the
House and Senate; diplomats, the Ori
entals In their flowing robes of somber
color and the Europeans resplendent in
decorations, among them the Spanish
Minister. There were delegations from
the Loyal Legion, the Grand Army and
other patriotic societies.
Chaplain Pierce of Lawton's old com
mand read the Presbyterian burial ser
vice, that epistle to the Corinthians,
whose words of comfort seem freshly
pruned for each occasion of bereavement.
Then President Stryker of Hamilton Col
lege, New York, clad In his divinity robes,
arose to deliver the oration. He had been
selected personally by the Secretary of
War, who knew his titness for the task.
The choice was amply Justified. Seldom
has any ceremony called forth a tribute
more scholarly and eloquent, more sim
ple and direct and more appropriate and
ritting to the occasion. Dr. Stryker said
in part:
Over the width of the earth a. soldier's house
bold'has broueht its warrior home. The du?t
that the nation gathers to its euardlne is that
of no common man. We are met to celebrate
and mourn him. Bat while we recall the record
co compact with manliness and which the white
blossom of ' modesty crowns withal, while we
recite the story of one who personified the
best American traditions, first this day do we
regard her sorrow who treads that "solemn
aisle of pain" the sanctity of whose shadows
are accessible only to her God. ,
Hither have we come— the people's chosen
head and all authorities else from their high
several sessions— to pay our poor but tender
alms of love -to an unblemished memory, to
thank him who is our dwellin* place in all
generation* that the stout tree of liberty still
yields such manner of fruitage and to pledge
ourselves, considerior the issue of lives of our
renowned dead, to ¦ imitate their - unblemished
and unblirhted ¦ faith. -»"4fiRWHWniBO3KWa
Station is secondary, hamanlty is primary.
And, whatever else aar. is, t»-6ar_ w« ar« only
REAR ADMIRAL M'NAIR
DETACHED FROM DUTY
Commander Wara-ssright Succeeds
Kin as Stiperinter.dent of the
Naval Academy.
WASHINGTON. Feb. £•.— Rear Admiral
F. W. McNair. who has recently been on
pick leave, has on account cf continued
: . health asked to be detached from the
Fupertr.tendency of the naval academy at
Aricapolis uzid be given sick leave for an
extended period, and his request has been
(rranted by the Navy Department.
Secretary Long- says that the illness of
Admiral McNair i.« much regTetted by the
<>partrner.t, as his administration of the
aJTairs of the naval academy has been
highly sr/pr»*ciate<i and commended. Ad
r.-.iral McNair is the ranking rear admiral
ir, th* navy, beir^g second only to Admiral
: ¦•v.r-y. ar.d has had a lor.? and honorable
career extending- over a period of forty
two year?, of which nearly twenty-one
years were passed at sea. He has been
on <iuty at the naval academy since July.
IS3S.
The President has designated Com
mander Richard Wainwrieht to succeed
Admiral McNair as superintendent of the
r.aval academy. This Is a great compli
ment to an officer of his rank and years.
and is due to his exceptional ability and
the signal services rendered by him dur
ing the Spanish-American war while in
command of the auxiliary cruiser
Gloucester.
WILL WORK FOR
FORESTRY BILL
Bard Sees the Need of
Planting Trees.
Special r>:«pat.~h to Th« Call.
.
LOS ANGELES. F*h. ?.— A committee
from the Southern ••aiifornia Forest ar.d
Water Association called on I'nited States
Senator Bard at h!s home this morning
ar.d explained the outlines of the proposed
measure for protecting the Southern Cali
fornia forest reserves from fire and the
reforestnzation of t*e districts that have
been burned, computed at 15 square miles.
The difficulty for restoration was shown
in the fact that ihc Department of Agri
culture has the custody of the forest re
serves. wh.il*: the Department of the Inte
rior supervises the lands remaining un
sold, making it incumbent to deal with
two departments, with the result that har
mony never prevails. Senator Bard ex
pressed himself as being fuiiy impressed
with the importance of this vexed quea
tron. and when Informed that the work of
planting 57.000 ptne seeds by private par
ties was just completed in the Sierra
Madre Mountains, he said he would ask
the co-operation of the departments and
obtain an annual appropriation of at least
$3>'*X> for reforestrizaticn.
Senator Bard has consented to become
the guest of honor at the annual banquet
of the Chamber of Commerce on Wash
ington's Birthday. It is expected that at
that time he will speak upon a subject of
national importance.
Senator Bard left for San Francisco on
the "Owl" to-nirht to meet his ensa?«
ment at a function tendered by Repub
licans in the L'nion League Club rooms.
NEW RAILROAD
TO LOS ANGELES
Four Companies Join in
the Enterprise.
.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 9.— Los Angeles 13
to have another transcontinental railroad.
ar.<i it will extend from Mojave east by
north through Southern Nevada Into
Utah. The builders wIU be the Santa. Fe,
Southern Pacific. Rio Grande- Western and
I'r.lon Pacific, which systems are to Join
in the enterprise.
It was stated to-day by authority which
cannot be questioned that the plans for
the pew road are completed and tte active
work, of construction wlil be begun within
a few months.
The object of the new l!n« Is primarily
to develop traff.c through a territory
whose possibilities have always been
knovrn as great.
General Manager Dodge of the Rio
Grande Western, ¦who was in the city re
cently, predicted while here that this
road would be running trains to Los An
geles before the end of 1300. It la predicted
here that the new line will be bailt east
and north from Mojave. What is known
a." the Carson and Colorado line, con
trolled by D. O. Mills, now a director In
the Southern Pacific, la to be use! as the
link for the pr^p^yed new route.
FINAL TRIBUTE TO
THE NOBLE LAWTON
Beautiful Rites Witnessed by the President,
the Diplomatic Corps and Armu and
FLOATING MORGUE
IS THE MISSOURI
Sixteen Deaths Aboard the Hos
pital Ship on.tlie Vopge From
Manila to Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Feb. 2.— The conditions on i
board the hospital ship Missouri show
that the soldier who Is struck by a Fill
pino bullet Is luckier than the man whose
system becomes inoculated with th« dis- j
ease germs of the Philippine cumate. i
Nearly all of the 272 soldiers on board
the vessel are sick and the most of them
are suffering with dysentery- The sixteen
who died between here and Manila are
not the only ones of the lot that left i
the scene of war who will never see home j
again. Three or four others are almost j
certain to succumb before San Francisco j
Is reached.
"The wounded at Manila generally do j
very well." said Captain William L.
Kneedler. executive officer of the ship, t
"and most of them recover sufficiently to j
be sent home on the transports. For that i
reason most of our passengers are sick J
men. Dysentery and consumption are the j
two diseases that are making the great
est ravages. Consumption Is very bad in !
Manila. When it gets hold of the system j
it makes most extraordinary progress.
Some of those we cave lost would have
recovered if they could have been moved ,
away from the Islands. ,
"The victims of dysentery are more nu
merous than consumptives, and the dl - j
ease is almost equally incurable. It has
a bacillus, like the plague here, and no
treatment, diet or climatic change seems
to affect many of the cases. It is abso
lutely as necessarily fatai as a malignant ;
case of car.cer. We have held post-mor- i
tens on some of the victims that died on j
the vessel and found that the membranes,
of the stomach were r.:ne-tenth3 eaten '
away."
On the deck of the Missouri are many
m"n whose face? show the ravages of j
consumption or dysentery. Sine? reaching i
the vicinity of Honolulu and having fine j
weather they are able to sit on th* deck. !
but sorce of them cannot recover an>l a I
large number will never be fit for active j
service again. Men who onlj» about a .
year ago were able to pa?s the rigid mcdi- j
cal examinations for enlistment are now
certain Invalids for life. They will be fit
candidates for places on Lncle Sams
pension list. Quarantine prevents the peo
ple of Honolulu from snowing the sym
pathy and attention they would like to
display, but Mrs. S. M. Damon has sent
a large quantity of fruits and flowers, for
which Caotain Kneedler expresses the
warmest thanks.
Just before leaving the Philippines Cap
tain Kneedler made a tour of Southern
Luzon with General Young. The condi
tions there show a complete cessation of
war's activities.
"I found the people perfectly contented
and engaged in their agricultural pur
suits." said the captain, "and they ar»
very prosperous. Splendid crops are- being
raised and many cattle and there were*
no signs that the Filipinos were not sat
isfied with the new order of affairs. Aa
far as this whole district is concerned
the trouble seems to be at an end. la
Northern Luzon there Is still some, rebel
lion, but an active campaign is begun
and the whole war Is very likely to b«
dore with in short order.
"Manila itself is quiet and prosperous.
There is absolutely no sign of disturbance
there. I was amazrt at the amount of
work that has been done toward making
the place sanitary. The town ia in a re
markably clean condition."
The Missouri has teen called th© flr.est
hospital ship in the world and is really
splendidly fitted up for the care of the
sick and wounded. She has her own.
plants for the making cf ice. sada. for
disinfection, etc.. and operating room*
that are in every way up to modern re
quirement?. When she was purchased by
the Government during the Spanish war
gifts of all sorts of apparatus and other
r.eeds were s«nt to her by various Amer
ican societies. She was originally loaned
to the Government for a year, free of
ail charge and with all expenses paid, by
the Atlantic Transportation Company.
and was afterward bought for JISO.COO.
The Missouri will pr^bablv not get away
till Friday morr.lr.g. Work is kept up 111
day and until midnight getting coal
aboard.
THE SA2* GALL, SATUEDAY, FEBBUABY 10, 1900.
3
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— Major General
Henry 'W. Lawton was burled to-day In
the National Cemetery at Arlington. It
was a nation's tribute to a national hero
and the sorrow of a whole people was ex
pressed when America added the chap
let of cypress to tha brow that so long
had worn the laurel. The burial service
beneath the leafless trees at Arlington
was preceded by services in the Church
of the Covenant on Connecticut avenue,
at which every department of the army
and navy within reach of "Washington,
Lawton's old comrades of the line and
staff, the diplomatic corps in all Its bril
liancy of uniform and decoration, and as
many citizens of all degrees as were for
tunate enough to find standing room with
in the walls were present-
But the crowd within was Insignificant
compared with the thousands who bravedThe front page story of the
Ean Francisco Examiner's Sup
plement last Sunday was taken
from a better story, published
in The Sunday Call of Decem
ber 10, 1899. The Sunday Call
Magazine not only excels all
others in artistic reproduc
tions and clear printing, but
it leads in up-to-date, inter
esting features — its articles
are not two months behind the
times.
FATHER CROWLEY MAKES
HIS ANNUAL REPORT
Youths' Directory in a Flourishing
Condition— What the Institu
tion Has Done.
" Rev. D. O. Crowley, president of the
Youths' Directory, has submitted his
annual report of the operations of the In
stitution for the year. ending March, 1900,
to .his Grace Archbishop Riordan, the
members of the board of. directors, the
solicitors and members of St. Joseph s
Union. • • .
In the document he expresses his grati
tude to God for the many blessings be
stowed on. the work. He says that the
past year will long remain a memorable
one in the history of the institution, in
asmuch as it witnessed the dedication and
opening of the new building. During the
past twelve months 614 children were add
ed to the fifty-four who remained In the
Directory on March 1, 1899. This makes a
grand total of 663 children housed, clothed,
fed and cared for in the last year.
" Many of these came from the City
Prison and from societies for the preven
tion of cruelty to children; some :from
relatives and friends of. the little ones, [
and others through the good offices of the
pastors of various parishes 'in .this, city (j
and country. ¦ They, were; disposed of as ;
follows : . Sent to asylums. 10d ; given to i
guardians,. 83; returned to parents, 43; *
homes in r ,town and ..country, :370:_- left
without permission, 2; remaining In Direc
tory, 65; total, 668. • I
An QJd Head on Toting Sfcbniders
Isn't always indicative of wisdom, as it
takes experience to make a man appre-
ciate the high class work done at the
United States Laundry. After your ex-
perience of ragged edges and spread-
eagle button holes, streaked shirt fronts.
etc.. the beauty of our finish and color
will make the wise head rest easy, for
you can't match our work anywhere.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 614 Eleventh St.
robbed on the evening of October 31. Three were impli
cated in this robbery— Downing, Scott and Lynch.
The next case was that of the Alameda power-house.
On the afternoon of November 4, the day of the robbery.
Downing and Scott went to Alameda and spent a consid
erable period of time reccnnoiterlng. They asked so many
questions about the number of men on duty at night that
they attracted some attention and the power-house em
ployes have 6ince identified Downing and the picture of
Scott as those of the men who asked the questions.
Downing admits this in his confession and says that
Lynch and Foute were implicated in the robbery.
The crooks then stole a boat on the Alameda water
front and rowed across the estuary to the Market-street
wharf, where they landed, going to Coyne's saloon at
Fifth and Peralta streets, where they held up the pro
prietor and secured $SO. The Alameda power-house at
tempt accurred at 10:30 o'clock and the Coyne robbery at
11:15 of the same night. Downing, in his confession, ad
mits each case. . , .
They only rested four days after the Coyne robbery and
then came the fatal Thomas shooting. The gang tried
to hold up John Thomas in the saloon of Thomas & Bap
tlste, at the corner of Campbell and Pacific streets. In
stead of holding- up his hands Thomas made for the men,
one of whom opened fire.
Downing admitted that he was connected with this rob
bery, but denied that he fired the shot that killed the
faloon keeper. Chief Hodgkins believes that the missing
Lynch was the actual murderer of Thomas and there is
a suspicion that the chief has something in the confession
of Downing to back his belief. At any rate Lynch left
the country five days after the Thomas shooting and has
not been seen since.
Scott was found in a boxcar on the night of the
Thomas shooting. He had thrown his revolver away and
after being held for two days, was ¦ released, having
convinced the police he was only a hobo. Scott then went
to Bakersfield, where he was arrested for robbing a saloon
He is now serving seven years in San:Quentln for the
crime. That left two vacancies In the gang and they
were filled by Charles McCoy and Fred Dannaker. Mc-
Coy came from Montana, where he has a reputation of
being a hard man. He was to have been the new captain
of the gang. They tried several smaller Jobs and were
captured In the gunstore robbery. Downing* confessed and
in the hone of getting Lynch and Foute, McCoy, Down
ing and Dannaker were permitted to plead guilty to at
tempted burglary. Foute was arrested at his house in
East Oakland. He takes his arrest coolly and refuses to
talk to tho police or any one else.
This Is the story told by Chief of Police Hodgkins of
one of the hardest gangs ever got together.
Members of the other gang that operated in Oakland
and shot Butcher Robert Vincent, though they may never
suffer for that crime, have been sentenced to suffer for
another. A dispatch from Sacramento Is to the effect that
Superior Judge Hart has sentenced Henry Spellman to
thirty-five . years in the penitentiary at Folsom and A B
Spellman to thirty years' imprisonment at the same place
for having, with one R. M. Gordon, held up and robbed
a citizen named John A. Mills near Capitol Park last
Sunday night.
The evidence gathered by the police was of such defi
nite character that the men deemed.lt expedient to con
fess their crime. Gordon has turned out to be an escaped
life termer from Illinois, and he will be returned to the
Jollet prison to serve out his sentence.
The two Spellmans, who are not brothers, by the
way, and who have aliases, were held to answer in the
lower court this morning. This afternoon they conceived
the idea that they would get off more lightly if they
went before Judge Hart. . owned . up to their crime, and
asked for immediate sentence.
Judge Hart informed the prisoners that their' act
strongly appealed to his magnanimity, and, therefore in
stead of giving them life imprisonment, which he said they
• deserved, he sentenced Henry Spellman to thirty-five
years' imprisonment and A. B. Spellman to thirty. In
passing judgment. Judge Hart remarked that any man
who used a slungshtot on -'a pedestrian in order to rob
him of his valuables would not stop at murder to accom
plish his purpose, or to overcome resistance, and It had'
been and would continue to be his policy to regard rob
bery as only slightly less serious a crime than murder.
locked-out cloakmakers was favorably en
tertained and committees were appointed
to visit the various unions in their In
terests. -
IT Is now a certainty that the Corbett-
Jeffriea -fight will take place In this
city. The National Club yesterday
deposited $5000 as a guarantee of good
faith and the managers of both men
have chosen Sam Austin, the well-known
Bporting writer to officiate as referee.
The fight will in all probability be held
in the daytime as It is the desire to have
pictures made. of the big event.
Manager Gibbs X>f the National Club re
ceived the following telegram ! yesterday
from William A. Brady, manager of
Jeffries: •
NEW TORK, Feb. 9.
J. D. Glbb«. National Club. San/Fran
cisco, Cal. : If »SCOQ row up to-day flsrht ,
settled for San Francisco. Try and make
It between April 20 and 25. I think if you .
can draw aa'iood a crowd outdoors there,
will b« roo4 money In pictures. Agreed: on
Sam Auatln as refere*. He to receive $100,
from club and both principals and $200 from
winner. Answer fully, namlns date April
25 If possible. ' W. A. BRADY. J,
In reply to the foregoing dispatch Man
ager Gibbs telegraphed:
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 9. 1900. •
W. A. Brady, New York: Wired you this
evening $5000 posted by National Club. Out
doors cults National Club and April 25 sat
isfactory. Sam Austin satl»factory as ref
eree. J- D - GIBBS.
The National Club will immediately look
The Gang That Ter
rorized Oakland Is
Run to Earth
Supposed Shooters of Robert
Vincent Sentenced to Long
Terms for Robbery at
,;./¦¦,¦, Sacramento.
CHICMCSTCR'S ENGLISH
NNYROyAt PILLS
JfS^lkila KEO in 4 Cold m-t»:!lo bozn §«»'e.l
* /P «"*¦*"?¦• ?» k «t»*»tl««s 0..1 lmlta-
Opposed to Grosvenor's Bill.
Acting on a communication from A. Fu
ruseth, secretary of the' Seamen's 1 Union
and labor delegate to the American Fed
eration of Labor in the East, the Labor
Council took action last night by-way of
Bending a protest to the California rep
resentatives in Congress to oppose the
Grosevnor bilL
This measure Is looked upon by the sea
men as using Government money to keep
meddlers from boarding vessels on their
arrival in port in the interest of the own
ers, and will prevent labor agents from
conversing with sailors and firemen, and
is therefore obnoxious to organized labor
unions. • «" : -• t
The appeal for financial aid from tho
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
AN HONEST DRUGGIST
WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU
If you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water. >
Others will give you a cheap substitute on which they
.. make a few cents more profit. . ' *
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders
Hunyadl Janos Has No Equal.
IHs fOJte*— Fiilinc Men*,
orj. Slanpleeaneaa. etc.. caa"ed by otot.
work and Indiacration*. They eitiefcnt
<Mft nwely restore Lost VitaUtf in old
or joung. aad fit s> man Jcr e'n.iy. btui-
nMi or pleasure. ProTant Insanity aaH
Consumption If takea In time. Th-.tr
aw ibows immediate lm provemenl and effects CUIU3
where all others fall. Insist apoa havtas the genuine;
Ajax Tablets. They hare cured thousands and will
rare too. We riTs a positive, written guarantee to ef-
fect a cure- In each case, or refund the xaoaer. Prlc»
Rfl Pt« per pm J k *TA 25. ?** Package? Ifall treat-
wUbl&t manU for 53.80 by mail, la plain wrastmr,
apon receipt of price. Circulars free.
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 70 c %%*™?***
Tor sals- In 8. V. by Lelpnlts * Co.. No Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co., 3. F.. Oakl'4.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|b A UUEAT KESTUKATIVE. INVIUOiL*.
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Spadai
Tonic tor the-Sexual Organs for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* aad Bladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALPS & BRUNE. Agents,
ta Market street. B. T.— (Send for Circular).
Horses Suffocated.
The alarm of fire from box ISS at 11:20
o'clock last night was for a small blaze
in a stable In the rear of 187 Rlngold
street. , Two horses belonging to A. Dia
mond were burned to death. About twen
ty other horses were rescued by the fire
men after much' difficulty.- The barn was
owned by Mrs. Feeney. Damage slight.
Symphony Concert Sale.
The sale for the next symphony concert
under the direction of Henry Holmes, to
be given at the Grand Opera-house next
Thursday afternoon at 3:1», will commence
this morning at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a.
made on that line, and agTees with En
gineer Storey that it Is now but a matter
of days before his road will be delivering
freight and passengers In San Francisco.
In conversation yesterday Mr. Morton
said that he has every reason to congrat
ulate his company on the business It has
done during the last year. Everything
has increased, particularly in the passen
per traffic. People in- the East realize
more thoroughly every day the superior
claims possessed by California as a win
te"r resort and as a State that has many
attractions to offer to the health seeker
and the Eiphts^elnj? tourist." This realiza
lon has manifested Itself during the past
year in an increase of travel that has run
almost a quarter above the volume done in
previous years, and, from the looks of
things it is almost certain that the people
carried over the different "Western roads
this year will outnumber those of the
year just past as greatly as these have
outnumbered their predecessors.
Mr. Morton and his party will leave
here during the early part of the week for
Los Angeles, where they will meet J. C.
Btubbs and William Sproule of the-South
ern Pacific Company, and confer with the
orange growers relative to the trouble
now existing over the shipment of that
fruit. Jt is not Improbable that the build-
Ing at Cil Market street, now occupied by
Sloane & Co., who are 'soon to vacate it,
may ' be either bought or leased by the
Santa Fe people, to be utilized as their
central offices in this city.
WESTERN PASSENGER
BUSINESS INCREASING
PAUL MORTON OF THE SANTA
FE TALKS TRAFFIC.
People In the " East Are Awakening
to the Pleasures and Benefits of
Travel in California.
Second Vice President Paul Morton of
the Santa Fe is at tne Palace, where he
arrived yesterday from Chicago. He is
accompanied by Passenger Traffic Man
ager T. Nicholson of the same road and
Edward Chambers, general freight agent
for the Pacific Coast, who joined the
I>arty at Los Angeles.
Mr. Morton is here making an inspection
of the road in general and of the San
Joaquin Valley branch In particular He
expresses himself much gratified at the
progress in construction that has been
Suicide After a Debauch.
Gustav Bushard, a barber, committed
suicide last night by hanging himself with
a piece of bale rope to the roof of a barn
in the rear of Miller's barber shop at Fif
teenth avenue and N street, South San
Francisco. Deceased was a native of
Germany, about 45 years of age and un
married. He had been drinking heavily
of late. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
OAKLAND, Feb. 9.— T^ie mystery of the killing of
John Thomas, the saloon keeper who was shot
at West Oakland by the men who tried to hold
him up, has been solved, out solved in such a way
that the men who did the killing will never be brought
to Justice for their crime. Some of them are already suf
fering for other crimes. One has escaped, probably gone
from the State, and one is held by the police in the Oak
land City Prison in the hope that something may be fas
tened upon him that will give him some measure of the
punishment he deserves.
While, however, the men may never be punished for the
murder of Thomas, one of the hardest gangs of criminals
that ever got together in the State of California has been
broken up.
It was this gang that did most of the shooting and rob
bing that ha* occurred in the city of Oakland for the
past six months— all of the work, in fact, except tho
shooting of Butcher Robert Vincent. * That was probably
done by the men sentenced yesterday at Sacramento. One
— W. J. Downing— is now doing five years from this coun
ty for attempted burglary; another— Ed Scott— ls doing
seven years for burglary from Kern County; stUI an
other—Fred Foute— !* at present in the Oakland City
Prison. The worst one of the gang, "Brick" Lynch, has
escaped. Two other members of the pang, Henry McCoy
and Fred Daunakcr, who are not parties to the killing of
Thomas, but who helped In other work, are serving five
years and three years, respectively, from this county on
pleas of guilty to charges of attempted burglary.
Chief of Police St. Clair Hodpklns handled the case In
all its details. The investigation consumed fully three
months' hard work. Unfortunately there were no wit
nesses to the killing of Thomas except; the men implicat
ed and no conviction could ever have been had, so much
of this work has gone for nothing.
Ever since the killing- of Thomas, November 12 of last
y*ar. and the preceding robberies Chief of Police Hodß
kins has been at work. Not until the capture of Down
ing, McCoy and Dannaker last month for th»» attempted
robbery of Orsars gun store on Seventh street was any
thing made sure. Chief Hodgklns knew that he had part
of the gang, but wanted to get the remainder. He final
ly exacted a confession from Downing, which confession
was the basis for the arrest of Foute, It aJso implicated
Lynch. Downing confirmed much that before was only
suspected. He admitted complicity in the Thomas killing
but eaJd that he did not fire the shot. Lynch Is believed
to be the man who pulled the trigger. Dawning also told
the story of other hold-ups and robberies. To get tho
men not already in Jail wai the next move. Foute was
arrested, but Lynch escaped and is now probably beyond
fear of capture.
The formation of this gang begran far back In Nebraska,
when Ed Scott, an Eastern crook, met Fred Foute, an
Oakland boy. who had pone wrong. Foute had been sent
to the Whittier Reform School, escaped and went to
Texas. From there he went to Garfield County. Colorado,
¦where he cracked the safe of the County Treasurer, se
cured $600. was convicted and served five years in the Col
orado State Prison under the name of Thomas Williams.
He was discharged August 27, IK<3, and joined Scott in
Nebraf-ka.
The two went to Trinidad, Col., where they did several
pieces of work. Scott was arrested, but escaped prosecu
tion, and the two separated to meet In Sacramento in Oc
tober. There they met Lynch and it is known that Lynch
was implicated in several jobs there. Lynch had only
just been released from the County Jail, where he had
¦erred six months for robbing a saloon at the corner of
Second and O Btreete. He escaped a sentence of ten
years, which had been Imposed for this crime, by a rever
sal of his case by the Supreme Court.
They all went to San Fianciseo, where they were joined
by Downing, who came from Montana, where he had
served time. Foute and Downing both came from Oakland
oiipinally and thf>y turned the attention of the gang
apair.st their former home.
The first job they undertook here was that of Chrlsten
fcen's saloon. Second street and Broadway, which was
CONTRACT GOES
TO THE HIGHEST
OF TWO BIDDERS
Colonel Long Makes a
Peculiar Ruling.
¦There is trouble) In- store for Colonel Os
car Long of the- United States quarter
master department In this city unless the
Chicago Great Western people recede
from their present intention or he is able
to explain why he favors the highest bid
der on a transportation contract.
Some time ago the Government decided
to send East seventy-four men belonging
to the transport Thomas, and the quarter
master's department in this city was or
dered to call for bids for their transpor
tation from the different railroad com
panies. Only two companies responded—
the Southern Pacific and the Chicago
Great Western. Mr. Donaldson presented
the bids on behalf of the Southern Pacific,
while C. O. Johnson offered the figures
for the Chicago Great Western people.
The regular fare from here to New York
is $66 40. The Southern Pacific ofTered to
convey the men to their -destination for
$62 03 and the Chicago Great Western of
fered to undertake the same job for $58 20.
The Southern Pacific was awarded the
contract, notwithstanding- the difference
in favor of the other road.
No one has attempted to explain the in
fluence that decided Colonel Long to place
the contract where he did; no one accuses
him of anything that is not just right:
but as the proceeding Is certainly out of
the ordinary the Chicago Great Western
people think they have r grievance which
should be rectified. They are mad clear
through, and unless Colonel Long sees fit
to make some explanation which shall
prove satisfactory it is not unlikely that
he will have charges preferred against
him with the department at Washington.
The amount involved in the transporta
tion of ' this particular batch of men Is
not in itself very great nor is It large
enough, taken alone, to make any great
fuss about. Such a sum. when taken In
connection with the volume of business
done by either of the roads interested. Is
comparatively trivial. But the Govern
ment will have other men to transfer
across the continent in the days to come,
and If this first affair is allowed to pass
without question there Is no telling where
the matter will stop or to what extent the
United States will be forced to unjustly
enrich the already overflowing coffers of
Collis P. Huntlr.gton.
REMEMBERED A
FACE AND GOT
BACK HIS COIN
+
Episode at California-
Street Station.
, Whpn.John White, a, resident. of Colu
sa County, departed from the California
street police station last night he consid
ered that he had been born under a
lucky star." A check for $500, which rep
resented his accumulations of wealth for
ten years; had been recovered for him
by. Officer Kramer after he had given up
all hope of ever possessing it again.
White's story is a strange one and re
lates an instance in which his memory
for faces served him to good advantage.
He claims that he came to San Francisco
about a week ago with nearly $1000 in his
possession. Four hundred dollars of this
amount was coin and the balance was in
the form of a check. He started out to
see the sights and while making a tour
over Barbary Coast spent much money
and consumed a large amount of liquor.
Late Wednesday night he was still cele
brating and the $400 in coin had nearly
all been spent. He finally drifted into
the Cascade saloon on Sacramento street,
near Kearny, where he finished his
night s dissipation. Before departing he
gave the check for the $600 into the keep
ing of the bartender of the place and was
put to bed in a stupid condition by some
friends, who afterward met him.
When he awoke next morning he felt for
his check, but it had disappeared. Ha
finally remembered that he had given it to
some one to keep for him, but all recol
lection of the location of that person w.-ia
dimmed. He gave the piece of valuable
paper up for lost and telegraphed to the
president of the Colusa bank, on which
it had been drawn, to stop its payment.
Last night White entered the Cascade
saloon for the purpose of getting a <lrJnk.
He did not remember that he had ever
been in the place 'before, and when the
drink had been served to him he called
for a piece of papor on which to write a
note. While engaged in doing this he
studied the face of the bartender, and sud
denly a vague recollection came to him
that he was the party with whom the
check had been deposited. A few minutes
later, in company with Police Officer J.
H. Kramer of the California-street police
station, he returned to the place and his
wealth was turned over to the officer.
Sergeant Christianson will keep the
check until. White sobers up and calls for
it in the morning.
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 9.— Cloudy
weather and heavy track were the reign
ing conditions to-day. Results: .
Six furlongs, selling— Agitator won, Ben Frost
second. Tom Klnssley third. Time, 1:18V4-
Six and a half furlonjta— Gratia won, Graca
Logan second. Irene Hayes third. Time, 1:30.
Mile and an eighth— Moncrelth won. Teutons
second, Rushflelds third. Time, 2:03^4.
Seven furlongs, handicap — Compensation won.
Strangest second. Tom Collins third. Time, 1:33.
Six furlongs, selling— Eveleyn Byrd won,
"W'atercrest second, Blarneystone third. Time,
1:19.
One mile, selling— Blith«ful won, Sorrel Rose
second, Rondo third. Time. 1:50.
SULLIVAN
LOSES TO
JOE GANS
Referee White Assaulted by
a Second After Giving
the Decision*
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— Joe Gans, the
Baltimore lightweight pugilist, gained a
well earned decision over "Spike" Sullivan
of Boston in the fourteenth round of a
bout at the lightweight limit before the
Broadway Athletic Club to-night. From
the start the fight was a hard one, and
Sullivan at times looked like a winner, but
the negro outpointed him in leading and
Mocking, and at the end of the thirteenth
round had much the better of the contest.
fculllvan fought at a terrific pace, bui
Gans was equal to the occasion. Buili
van's infighting tactics were Ineffective,
and when he was floored with a terrific
right in the fourteenth there was nothing
left to withstand further punishment, and
Referee Charley White stopped the bout.
White vaved his left hand and told Gar.s
to t;o^o his corner. In the meanwhile Sul
livan nad arisen to his feet and was anx
ious to continue the battle, but the referee
was obdurate, and had a struggle to torce
Sullivan back to his corner.
One of Sullivan's seconds, Daniel J.
Donnelly of Boston, Jumped through ' the
ropes and struck Reftree White a crash
ing right on the eye,;puttirig the refeiee
cut of the ring between the ropes. The
police jumped into the ring and arrested
J>onnel/y. •;:.,- ;.,i.i-. .."• ; .
DALY'S FINE SHOWING.
Keeps Champion Frank Erne Busy
During Their Bout
CHICAGO, Feb. 9.— A decision on points
at the end of the sixth round was the
best Frank Erne, the lightweight cham
pion, could do with "Chicago" Jack Daly
in the fight at the Fort Dearborn Ath
letic Club to-night. Daly realized in the
first round that he had no show with his
opponent at long-range fighting and made
a hurry-up affair of it, trusting to luck
more than to science to land a knockout
blow. '
These tactics seemed to worry Erne for
the first three rounds. Daly was the
stronger of the two and in the clinches
managed to land some heavy Jolts on the
stomach. There were three or four mlxups
in each round. Daly Bent as good as ne
got, until the fourth, when Erne caught
him on the Jaw with a heavy left swing
that staggered him and brought blood.
After that until the end of the fight Erno
was able to jab Daly as often as he
pleased, but the latter continued to bore
In and mix It at every opportunity.
In the fifth Daly closed Erne's left eye
with a right swing. Erne had orders in
the last round to finish Daly If possible.
The champion tried with all his might,
but Daly would not give an Inch. Erne
would Jab Daly's head back with the left
and then cross the right over for the jaw,
but Daly was game and stood up to the
punishment. Is ear the end of the round
he Just missed Erne's Jaw with a left
swing that would have put the latter out
of business.. Daly Bllpped from* the .'lm
petus of his own blow and Erne caught
him squarely on the Jaw with a right up
percut that came near putting Daly out.
Both men were on their feet at the finish,
in a fierce exchange, with Erne having a
slight advantage.
Daly's showing surprised his most
ardent admirers and the decision was very
unsatisfactory to the majority of the spec
tators, who thought it should have been
called»a draw.
In the preliminaries ¦ Maurice .Rauch
knocked out George Brown (colored) in
the fifth round, and George Stead, better
known as Ole Olesen, was given the de
cision over Charlie Mason at the end of
the sixth round.
McFADDEN THE WINNER.
His Fight With Murray Develops
Into a Wrestling Matchl
BALTIMORE, Feb. 9. — The return
match between George McFadden of New
York and Jimmy Murray of Cincinnati
to-night was awarded to the former In the
middle of the ninth round. As on the for
mer occasion when these boxers met in
this city, the bout ; degenerated Into a
wrestling match, and at times resembled
a rough-and-tumble fight. The referee
was compelled to use force repeatedly to
get tlie men apart, and in the fifth roun J
the police stopped the fight; but, on a
promise to break clean and cease wrest
ling, the men were allowed to go on. Dur
inj? the .remainder of the bout Murray
was floored a half-dozen times by McFad
don, but after taking the count came up
each time.
around for a suitable place to hold the
mJll, Olen Park, the racetrack, the Velo
drome or the football grounds at Six
teenth and Folsom streets are favored,
but no choice will be made until satisfac
tory, inducements are given the club man
agement.
¦ It was ' the wish of the Eastern men to
have the fight take place between April
10 and 15. but as this was Holy Week the
local managers notified their correspond
ents and the latter settled upon the 25th
lnstas the most suitable for the contest.
Manager. Gibbs. stated last evening, that
the fight would in all probability, be held
on that date. Personally he thought the
Ist of May would be most suitable for the
conflict, as it was a semi-holiday. 'It was
pointed out to him by a friend that it was
Dewey. day, and the patriotic , people
might object to the fight on the anniver
sary of the battle of Manila Bay, as did
the Irish societies when the Corbett-Fitz
eimmons fight wan held In Carson on St.-
Patrick's day. Manager Gibbs thought
that Dewey day would be the most suita
ble occasion because of the great naval
battle fought on that day.
. SAN RAFAEL,;. Feb. 9.— The San Rafael
Athletic Club to-day sent the following
dispatch to -James J. Corbett: "Hearing
that you have selected San Rafael to pre
pare for your battle we hereby cordially
offer you the use of our gymnasium as
training quarters."
GUILT FIXED ON THE MEN
WHO MURDERED THOMAS
CHECK IS DEPOSITED
AND FIGHT ASSURED
Sam Austin Chosen to Referee the Bout
¦••&' I Between Corbett and Jeffries.
National Athletic Club Furnishes $5000 to Bind
• [} Its Part of the Agreement— Battle to
Be Held Out of Doors.
THE SAIT FRAKCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
There Is nothing" like ELECTRICITY to pat
life, vim and viror Into weak men or women,
Drurs give but temporary relief; act merely a«
a stimulant, but Electricity files to all weak
parts of the body. Imparting nature's fores
thereto and doing the required work surely an<t
in a permanent manner. If "run down" la
health and strenrth you had better try Elec-
tricity. Us* an Electric Belt, for that Is th»
best method of applying It: but be sure you «»t
a rood cne while you are about It; In short, try
"Dr Plerce's," for It Is guaranteed to bo taa
best Electrle Belt on earth.
r> "Booklet No. V free at offle* or sent by
mall for a te ttamn. t»lls all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CO Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
U Tribune Bulldlor. NEW TORK. •
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Wo. 2. |^ B 1. Sa T ¦ tiß±2.
I have fflvea perioaal Inspection to the workioo; of M. I. S. T. on the htman system, sad
must say that it entirely meets -with my professional sanctio a.
D. H. LOOM IS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 8. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
-RHEUMATISM, no matter how lon* standing. A bt case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients have been for years forced to nso
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANT STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Im potency that can be cured, and permanently restore yonthfnl vlgur and
vitality. It is no eumnlant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will core any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Atazia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading- physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take, and
mESSSt Ep>3 absolutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
BL_ *¦****_ heart. ~lf yon are suffering- from any chronic disease yon are nrjred to
K|*3 BJBi write to u», no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines yon
Ewci 818 ka™ tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
That you may judg-e of the value of the Great Specific for yonrself.
we will send you one larfe case by mail FREE, only asking- that
when cured yonrself yon will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to oar medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
NO OTHER DOCTORS
Will Make Such an Offer.
DR. METERS A CO.'S p«t!ent» may
deposit the price of a cur« In any San
Francisco bank, to be paid only after they
are well, or pay In monthly Installments.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
They Care IhsFol owing Aliments:
Private Diseases Blood Poison
Nervous Debility Bladder Diseases
Hydrocele,. Spine Diseases n
Varicocele H-art Diseases B
Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood O
Home Cnres— -Free Boot v
Thousands- of men are cured at home H
every year. Write for tn* private book. |
advice, question list. etc. Z*
DR. MEYERS & CO., I
T3I MARKET ST., «..#». Q
»" !t0 B £? "*• T t( > 8 •?•nlnit"*. •' I
Elevator entrinc*. Eg
visit OR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
MUSEUM OF AHfITOMY?
q* i::i jam? rr. let. e±t?x &r&. 2
Cf The Larjevt Anatnoiieal MiKctnn in the \
.-^lt;^ World. W eakM'.sc* or «ny conxrKted §
KM) di»rase p»«ltl»»ly cared ry the oldnl T
U¥mE\ CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
I jyiffi Trf itmirnt prrv>n.->l(y or by ler:er. A m
a fir T| II fWiftM Cur» tarter? case undsrukea. T
Rll lift Wmt for BMk.rBILOiIOr BY tf A
I,| jj T * B4HBIACE, MAILED FMS. lAT
jj Ij. nlt»bl« book for mm) \
OU JORDAN A CO.. 1041 ilarSe? St..S. P. f
Greenland has one paper.
4MANAGERS ARE
PREPARING FOR
LEAGUE GAMES
Four Clubs Will Play Profes
sional Baseball on This
Coast This Season.
During the coming week the California
Baseball League will organize for the
forthcoming season. Last year there were
six clubs in the league at the outset, but
in the middle of the season the cut came
and from that time to the end there wer.e
but four. San Jose and Watsonville were
dropped for financial reasons, the best
players of these teams finding places in
the four that remained.
When the games begin this spring four
teams will comprise the league. At pres
ent San Francisco and Oakland are the
clubs that have organized and will surely
play. Sacramento and Stockton have the
best chances for representation so far.
Krlpp of the capital city will not manage
the club this season, but as there are
three or four men anxious to secure the
franchise he will have no difficulty In dis
posing of his interest.
On Thursday Harry Harris and Cal
Ewing visited Sacramento for the purpose
of a conference with the prospective man
agers of the Sacramento nine. They came
away satisfied that all would be well with
the champions of last season. The choice
of the fourth club lies among Santa Cruz,
Vallejo and Stockton. The Stockton peo
ple are enthusiastic over the prospect of
entering the league and will use every
effort to place a nine in the fleld. The
only hitch possible depends upon the ques
tion of grounds. At present the manager
of the Stockton team is at work with the
street railroad companies of that city in
order to Induce them to prepare grounds
for baseball purposes. This has been
promised. If consummated Stockton will
be the fourth club of the league.
Cal Ewing has organized his nine, but
there may be one or two changes before
the season begins. Harris is canvassing
the field. After the meeting in this city
early in the week all the managers will be
reaching for material and by the first of
next month the nines will be out for prac
tice.
MEET OF THE SAN MATEO COUNTY HUNT.
Frank Schultz will shoot over the -marsh
near Mount Eden to-morrow.
ACADEMIC BOYS
GAIN HONORS
AS SWIMMERS
Scott Leary of the Polytechnic
Wins the Quarter and Half
Mile Championships.
Scott Leary, a student at the Polytech
nic High . School, carried off the honors
last night in the second annual swimming
championship of the Academic Athletic
Lea-*rue. He won both the quarter and the
half mile races in the Olympic Club's big
tank, showing great staying powers in the
trying contests. Carl Wigholm, also of
the Polytechnic, won the 10Q-yj»rd race,
while Stafford Hamm of the Lowell High
School carried off the honors in the "220."-
The school championship was won by
the Polytechnic, with 21 points. Lowell
had 9, St. Matthew's 3, Oakland 2 and Ala
meda 1.
, Every point of vantage from which the
contests could be viewed was occupied
by spectators. Many of them were stu
dents at schools represented by the young
swimmers and made the big building re
echo with their class yells and with good,
hearty cheers for the successful competi
tors. A number of the Olympians, Includ
ing Champion Sid Cavill, Wallace Taylor,
Lester Hammersmith, Alex Pape, Fen
ton, Carl and others, gave a briiilant ex
hibition of diving. The competitive events
resulted as follows:
¦ 100 yards — Won by Carl Wlgholrn. Polytech
nic time 1:27 1-5; Lilbrand. St. Matthew's, sec
ond. 1:27^4; Schillin*, third, 1:29«.
Half-mile — Won by Scott Leary. Polytechnic,
tlme'l6:42U: Clarence Clough, Polytechnic, sec
ond, 17.38 2-5; Schilling^, third, 15:35 2-5.
220 • yards— Won by Stafford Hamm. Lowell,
time 3:43; Carl Wicholm, Polytechnic, second,
3:54; Stanley Symmes. Lowell, third, 3:5S 2-3.
Quarter-mile — Won by Scott Leary, Polytecn
nlc, time 8:59 4-5; Swinnerton, Lowell, second,
9:23; W. Hall, Alameda University. Academy,
third.
John Elliott, the referee, kept the con
tests going In rapid order, and was as
sisted by Phil Wand as starter; Sid Cavill,
clerk of courae; timers, George James,
Fred Butz and J. A. Hammersmith;
Judges, Alex Pape. H. A. Widemann and
Lester Hammersmith.
At a meeting of the board of governors
of the Pacific Association, Amateur Ath
letic Union, last night the proposed in
door athletic tournament was abandoned.
The college men would not competi im
mediately before their field day nor im
mediately after. This was the only avail
able time, hence the meeting was declared
oft.
E. P. Peterson and Otto Heinz, with two
friends, killed 112 ducks at Mount Eden
last Sunday. The bag was made up of
spooneys and bluebills. with a few "cans"
and teal.
Once a college man— now
a tramp— but nevertheless he
makes a splendid model for
the . photographer. Look out
for him' ln next Sunday's Call
— perhaps you know him.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
The principal event at the San Fran-
Cisco handball court to-morrow will be a
match between M. J. Kllgallon and R.
Linehan and J. White and J. Collins. The
other matches are as follows:
J. K. Bockman and D. J. Sheehan vs. E.
SlcDonouich and N. J. Prendergast; G. Smith
and J. Condon v». A. McVicker and T. Leach;
p. Ryan and M. Basch vs. W. Fisher and M.
McDonald; D. Reiran and T. Foley va, W.
Cunningham and E. Barry: W. . Magruire and
R. Houseman va. J. Hariow and E. Toy;
Georire McDonald and M. McNeil vs. P. Mc-
Klnnon and D. Rodrers; H. 3. Rogers and B.
Clements va. E. J. Murphy and H. McNevin.
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The entries for the swimming contests
at Sutro Baths to-morrow are as follows:
Fifty-yard dash, juveniles— P. Sunberg, O.
Owens, V. Kllburn. E. Minter. H. Lelcken. G.
Chllds, O. Lowenthal. It. Rldlnir. C. Shilling,
F. Ralston. H. Freeman. 100-yard race, ama
teurs— W. Hairing. P. Summber. C Lundln, E.
Josephs. W. Bryne, E. Bell, C. Carlton, H.
Stelljes W. O'Brien. W. Harmon, J. Sterns,
\V. Wilson. E. Smith J. Laird, T. Thomas.
Tub race, 100 yards— F. Rlley. W. McCormlck,
A. Baudain. W. Beyer. E. Wells, P. Sunbersr.
O. Ehrman. F. Green. E. Lleboldt. H. Freeman.
Trick and fancy springboard dlvinir— A. Davis,
G. Charles. W. Summber. R. Cordell. O. Mls
ner.- R. Rldlnff, J. Cathcart, W. Douglass, L.
Boudie.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
The Oakland and Vampire association
¦football teams will meet this afternoon on
the Presidio Athletic Ground for the third
Time during the present season. Each
team having won a game, the match ¦Rill
be keenly contested. Both clubs will put
a strong eleven Into the field and will
ttrive hard to win the deciding match.
The teams will line up aa follows:
Vampires. Positions. Oakland.
Belwood Goalkeeper Baker
Coies Uack Yon Helm
¦Williamson Back Hunter
Robertson Halfback Bradley
MeGa«- Halfback p. Chambers
jAiftgan Halfback Warren
A. K. Chambers... Forward Bird
K. MdJermld Forward Horse
"White Center Erskine
F. Mcl>ennl<l Forward Lamont
Ceaidy Forward Shaw
The kick-off will be at 3 p. m. On Wash
ington's birthday the Oakland team will
play against an eleven of visitors from
Keswick. The latter will meet the Vam
pires on the 24th inst.
BENCH SHOW PROSPECTS.
. The members of San Francisco Kennel
Club are already hard at work preparing
for the coming spring bench show. It is
conceded that the prospects for a record
breaking show have never been as bright
as they are this year. The purchases of
thoroughbred dogs already exceed in
number those of .ill previous seasons.
The rivalry, among the different specialty
clubs Is of the keenest character and the
special prizes. will be both numerous and
Co6tly. J. L. Langenderfer has been en
raged to act as superintendent of the
Ehow and Dave Sinclair as clerk. .
Richard H. Rountree has sold his well
known bull terrier dog Tabasco to A. C.
Luck of Austin and has replaced Tabasco
with an Eastern importation. Mr. Roun
tree has also bought from Tom Collins
a six-month-old bull terrier dog puppy,
by Admiral, out. of Woodcote Baroness.
E. S. Heller, who lately purchased
from the Redwood Kennels a cocker
spaniel dog puppy, has been compelled to
place the latter In the hands of Dr.-
Steers for treatment.
R. M. Palmer of Seattle has bought
from TV P. Mallorie of . Crozet. Va., a
young Airedale dog puppy named Rus
tic Jerry, by the English champion
Broodland Brushwood, out of Rustic
Peggy.
William 'Gerstle. who recently bought 'a
Boston terrier dog. has had the misfor
tune to lose him within three days of his
arrival. The dog seemed to have taken
a chill on the journey out and - died of
pneumonia. *
James L. Flood has purchased the mas
tiff Myra, by Major, out of Queen Bess
11. for the. purpose of breeding to his
mastiff dog Caesar F, by Roderick Dhu
out of Baby Ruth.
;W. -C. Brown, the noted fancier, has
acquired a Llewellyn puppy by Merrfr
Monarch, out of Hazel C, and has de
clared ; his intention . of winning ; the first
puppy prize in the bench show -with her.
C. M. Osborne has had. the misfortune
to lose the fine young pointer dog Pro-
fessor's Lad. by Professor, out of Drab.
W. B. Coutts has sold to F. R. Atkins
of Seattle the pointer dog Dick Stamboul.
by Stamboul. out of Kitty R.
Philip C. Meyer, the enthusiastic St.
Bernard fancier, has replaced the de-
ceased Minstrel Boy with another dog
from the Alta Kennels of Toledo. Mrs.
Lee has sent out to him a magnificent
year-old dog Alta Leo, by St. Leonard,
out of Alta Martha.
At the last meeting of the San Fran-
cisco Kennel Ciub directors Byron Er-
kenbrecher of Los Angeles, Philip C.
Meyer and Fred H. Bushnell of this city
were elected members.
ON THE TENNIS COURTS.
The. crowning event of winter tennis at
the California club courts, Scott and Bush
streets, will be the ' class tournament
which Is scheduled for Washington's
birthday. It will be a club affair, with a
distinctive social aspect.
At a meeting of the board of directors
during the week It was decided to have a
class tournament, and all contestants will
be classified by "Joe" Daily. George
Whitney will have entire charge of the
tournament. This is an Innovation In the
working of tournaments as pursued by
the California club management. Hitherto
a tournament committee assumed the di
rectorship of all affairs, but more or less
friction resulted. As it is now, Whitney
will be solely responsible for the success
or failure of the tournament.
In order to relntroduce the social ele
ment, luncheon will bo served at the
courts. Invitations will be sent to the
members and a large attendance is ex
pected. The entries will be numerous and
as the tournament is a classified one the
competition will be keen. Besides classi
fying the players. Dally will fix the ad
vantage handicaps between classes.
At present the lady players are showing
great activity, organizing tournaments
and special matches. All the courts were
well patronized durinsr the week.
WHEELMEN'S MOVEMENTS.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen have Is
sued Invitations for a "wheelmen's at
home," to be held In the big Post-street
Club on Tuesday evening, the 13th in*»t..
at 8:30 o'clock. All the "has beens" will
be there, and a jolly evening la promised
all who attend.
The wheeling clubs in and about Loa
Angeles have organized an association
and will conduct an annual GO-mlle relay
race similar to the great event held by the
clubs here each spring. The date Is the
22d Inst.. and there will be at least four
teams entered In the initial event..
George H. Stratton. the most efficient
road racing chairman the Associated
Clubs ever had. dropped Into town quite
unexpectedly the other day after an ab
sence of two years spent in Chicago.
George hopes to renew many old ac
quaintances at the Olympic Club's smoker
next Tuesday nifjht. He will remain her©
a week or ten days.
Robert L. Long, who was one of the
most popular racing men on the coast in
the "good old days." has. come down from
his Tuolumne County mine for a brief
visit.
The captains of the various clubs are
already planning their outinsr tor the
spring months and the club members are
brushing up their rusty spokes for the
opening of the season on Washington's
birthday.
AMONG YACHT-OWNERS.
The annual meeting of the members of
the San Francisco Yacht Club will be
held at the Merchants' Exchange on
Wednesday evening, the 14th inst.. at S
o'clock promptly, for the election of offi
cers to serve during the coming twelve
months. The following have been noml
r.ated for the offices: Commodore. W. N.
McCarthy of the schooner Rauiona; vice
commodore, H. R. Simpkins of the yawl
Traraontar.a; port captain. James Kitter
iran of the launch America; recording
secretary. E. C. Bartlett of the yawl
Frolic; financial secretary. W. G. Morrow ¦
measurer, R. B. Hogue; treasurer J R.
£avoy of the sloop Juanlta. An opposi
tion ticket has been prepared, on which
appears the following names: Commo
dore. Isidor Outtc of the schooner Chispa
and H. R. Simpkins of the yawl Tramon
tana; vice commodore. Robert Bridgeman
of the sloop Thetis, the rest of the nomi
nees being the same as on the regular
ticket. It Is practically certain that the
regular nominees will be elected, as It Is
most unusual to elect as commodore one
who, Lke the owner of the Tramontana,
Ras been a member of the club for less
than a year, is new to the sport of yacht-
Jng and has never before held any of the
offices of the club. With regard to the
cwner of the «.his=pa, it may be said that
one who has b*«-n commodore for many
years and has been displaced by a
younger man with a different and more
popular policy, is quite unlikely to be
elected. It is understood that the addi
tional nominations were sent in to give
a. little life to the proceeding and insure
a large attendance of members
Last Sunday morning the owners of the
California Yacht Club held a meeting at
the clubhouse on Oakland Creek to dls
cuss matters of interest. The newly
elected commodore. E. N. Walter of the
eloop Embla, presided, and among those
present were ex-Commodore A M Clay
ex-Secretary R. L. Earms. L. S. Sherman'
George Miller. W. G. White. C. E Clark'
C. A. Tornberg. T. J. Turnbull. J. J. Han
ifln Jr. and Eugene Flanders. a sail-
Ing programme for the coming season had
been prepared and was presented to the
owners, by whom it was adopted. The
season will open April 28, and there will
be about one fixed event in every month
thereafter, in addition to the annual class
flag regatta, the race for the Wallace
trophy and the summer cruise up the Sac
ramento River.
T. Carrier, owner of the sloop Jessie E
has built a handsome yawl boat for his
yacht, much after the model of that
owned by ex-Commodore A. M. Clay. She
will go in at the companion way and can
be put into the yacht's cabin. Eugene
Flanders' new launch Alert is the hand
somest craft of her size on the bay, hay
ing a great deal of freeboard.
WILL BANQUET
THE MASTER OF
THEHUNTCLUB
Many Well-Mounted Sports
men Enjoy a Fast Run
After the Hounds.
Last Saturday the members of the San
Mateo Hunt lunched with the master at
the Burlingame Country Club at 1 p. m.,
and afterward met at the Crossways,
Burlingame, at 3 p. m. The run was suc
cessful and well attended.
Last Wednesday the meet wa3 at How
ard Woods, on. the Crystal Springs road,
at 3 o'clock In ths alternoon. and the run
ended at the meadow beyond if. J. Caro
lan's home. In addition to the master of
the hunt and the Huntsmen Keating and
Johnston the following took part in the
chase: J. H. P. Howard, E. J. Tobin, R.
M. Tobin, C. Dunphy, K. D. Beylard, J.
J. Moore and Thomas Driscoll.
This afternoon the rendezvous will be
the Southern Pacific station at Belmont,
and the run will finish near the Burlin
game Country Club house. A large field
is expected. This evening the memb'rs
of the Hunt will give a dinner at the Bur
lingame Country Club tc the master. t\
J. Carolan, at which it is likely there will
be much informal discussion of plans for
the improvement of the Hunt and of the
general interests of the sport. Next
Wednesday the pack will be laid on at
C'rjsial Spring dam, on the north side.
There are already a dozen puppies sired
by the fox hound Ranger, whicn will be
ready to go out next year. It has been
said that the San Mateo pack is almost
mute, but this is not so. At the start they
give plenty of tongue, and also when
checks occur. They should give tongue
throughout the run. however. The drag
hound Is really a harrier, and while he
gives some tongue does not give so much
&'. the fox hound, the American variety
of which 13 lighter an<l faster than the
British fox hound and n:akes much more
music. F. J. Carolan brought back with
him from the Eastern States two fine
dogs, from which several half-breed pup
pies will be bred. Next >eason there will
be a score of puppies ready for work.
Including the huntsmen Keating and
Johnston and the men who take down the
top rails of the fences and replace them
there are five men in the service of the
San Mateo Hunt Club. On Wednesday
all the men rode hunters and took nearly
all the fences at their full height without
utilizing the gaps which are made for the
benefit of ladles and of those who ride
ponies or horses untrained to high Jump
ing.
From a Photograph taken by Taber at Burlingame Crossways last Saturday.
Francis J. Carolan, master of San Mateo County Hunt. Is leaving nothing undone which would
tend to create Interest In the hunting which is held twice a week in the vicinity of Burlingame.
Drag hunting at its best Is not to be compared with fox hunting, but when the latter Is an Im
possibility the "drag" is a splendid substitute. The Californian hunting men are quick to grasp new
ideas and they want the best mounts to be had. sparing no expense in this regard. Hunting strings
both on the coast and in the East are eagerly scanned with a view to obtaining good material. Both
the men and the women who follow the hounds display splendid horsemanship and their growing en
thusiasm speaks -well for the future of the sport on this coast.
ATHLETES ON
THE DIAMOND
AND THE PATH
College Men Preparing for
Their Spring Meet With
Great Vigor.
The Stanford and the California Uni
versity baseball nines have been tried out
In games with the Fireman's Fund team.
Two weeks ago to-day at Palo Alto Stan
ford succumbed to the Firemen, and last
Saturday California met the same fate at
Berkeley. To-day at Recreation Park.
Eighth and Harrison streets, Stanford will
meet the Firemen again.
The California men have been cut every'
night working" with a will to develop a
team that will retain the championship
handed down from last year. There are
a number of new men playing in tha in
and out fields. Warren Smith of football
fame will receive Kaarsberg's delivery.
Kaarsberg is a r.teady pitcher with much
experience, and he is not easy to find.
With the goo<i material brought into the
college by the present freshman clars a
team of fair ability should be developed.
George Van Haltren perhaps the oldest
player in California who is still In the big
Eastern league, is coaching the blue and
gold and will be at Berkeley until the
nnal games with Stanford.
For several days Palo Alto has been
struggling to develop a pitcher. Last
season Lanagan gave promise of being *
strong occupant of the cardinal box, and
his first performance this season ha.i al
most fulfilled expectations. Against 3uch
an experienced iot of stick wlelders us are
on the Fireman's Fund team he pitched
with success, striking out ten men. eomo
of whom have batting records in the Cali
fornia professional league.
Under the guidance of Dr. Murphy.
Stanford's baseball men are advancing
day by day to a degree of proficiency that
augurs well for a strong team this sea
son. „
The line-up for to-day's game at Recre
ation Park is as follows:
Firem's Fund. Positions. Stanford.
Hammond Catcher Strohn.
KruE Pitcher Lanaj?an
FollaJisbee First base .Beniley
Webber Second base Co wden
Dunn Third base -T. Edward
Schmeer Short stop Louirheed
Mooklman L«ft field Lowenthal
J. Hammond Center field Havens
Butler Right field Lawrence
STANFORD'S ATHLETES.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 9— The
work of the past week on the diamond
has been given over to interclass games
with a hope of bringing out material oth
erwise tco modest to. try for baseball
honors. The result was encouraging to all
concerned. If Coach Murphy could keep
all the men on the field that donned r<ults
for these conte&ts h$ would have plenty of
material with which to build up a strong
nine. It was shewn that talent to relieve
Lanagan in the pitcher's box is not en
tirely lacking. Bennett did well In the
senior-Junior game, as did Lowenthal in
the contest between freshmen and. sopho
mores. Coffin, Parkin and -Murphy *vere
added to the, list of eligible outfielders,
while Dutton and Treager held down the
initial bag creditably. Captain Strohn will
continue behind the bat for the present nt
least. He seems to be the only man com
petent to stop Lanagan since j Swindells
retired. Stanford should make a much
better showing to-morrow against the
Fireman's Fund team than it did two
weeks ago, as every day has seen hard
practice under the leadership of Conch
Murphy. As a team they are still weak
at stick work, but should Improve steadily
with practice.
On the track work is still progressing
slowly. A few men are training faithful ly.
but alone they cannot make a winning
team. What is needed most is men for
the distances and weights. For the latter
events Treager. P. Parker and Wardell
are showing good form and may develop
into point winners. Trainer "Billy" Jk-
Leod returned from Portland early. «n tlie
¦week, and from now on the men will have
no cause to complain of sore muscles.
TRAP SHOOTERS
PLAN A BIG
SEASON'S WORK
Will Commence Operations
Upon the Close of the Field
Shooting Season.
With the rapidly approaching-, close ot
field shooting on marsh and upland the
trap shooters give evidence of awakening
from their season of inactivity. They are
already outlining plans for what promises
to be the most notable season for this
pastime in the history, of shooting on this
coast. The most notable advance in this
direction was the incorporation yesterday
of the San Francisco Trap Shooting Asso
ciation. This association has taken over
the Ingleside grounds formerly controlled
by the Olympic Gun Club, and will con
duct them on a high plane.
The grounds, which have more natural
advantages than any other grounds In
America, will be made still more attract
ive. An underground system of traps will
be put in and all the conveniences re
quired by the exacting sportsman will be
supplied. In this manner. It is expected
the majority of the gun clubs in the me
tropolitan district will be induced to
avail of the opportunity offered and de
cide their contests on the Ingleside
grounds.
The officers of the new association are:
President, Herbert Kullman; vice presi
dent. Dr. S. E. Knowles; secretary-treas
urer, A. M. Shields; directors, R. I. I).
Grubb, C. A. Haight, Achllle Roos, Kd
ward Donohue and three more yet to be
named. The officers of a number of clubs
have signified their Intention to use the
grounds. All will be accorded the same
consideration, no one club being favored
above another.
The initial bluerock shoot of the year
will be promoted by the Lincoln Gun Club
on the grounds at Alameda Point on
Washington's Birthday, the 22d inst. Nine
events are on the card with more prom
ised if time will permit. In two of the
events amateurs and professionals will be
drawn separately, giving each an oppor
tunity of meeting men In their class. Prep
arations are being made for a large at
tendance of shooters.
From appearances the closing fortnight
of the open season for ducks will provide
good sport. The birds which went south
when the season opened are returning to
their northern haunts. This is the mating
season and the birds are not 'so wild ;'S
they have been, thus affording the gun
men better opportunities to bring them
down. An unusual number of these birds,
chiefly canvasbacks, are in Rlchar-Isons
Bay. They have not been there long
enough to absorb the fishy taste which
makes them unpalatable. A good strong
wind, which would drive the ducks from
their feeding grounds, would greatly im
prove the shooting.
Bert Patrick and Tom Deffenbach Killed
eighteen canvasbacks in Richardsons Bay
last Sunday. Bert Wyman, Lloyd Eaton.
Billy Swain and Charley Dletz were al*o
on the bay in a launch and secured four
teen birds. Contrary to the expectations
of the gunmen, the birds were all* edible,
not having been on the bay a sufficient
length of time to get a fishy flavor. Mr.
Patrick and Fred Johnson will try the
shooting at Reeds, In Marin County, to
morrow.
A. W; Wilson. F. G. Sanborn and Frank
McLennon secured twenty-seven black
brant on their last pilgrimage to Tomalos
Bay. This is the best bag Becured on
any one trip this season.
George Morse, clerk of the United
States Circuit Court in this city, recently
enjoyed a day's shooting on Lake Michi
gan with President McKlnley. In com
pany with another gentleman they se
cured a joint bag of 150 ducks. Mr. Morse
married the President's niece.
McDonald brothers secured fifty birds
at Mount Eden last Sunday, while the
Hightmeir brothers secured a Joint bag of
thirty, principally bluebills and cans. The
Pastime Club men are credited with a bag
of 200 ducks to eight guns.
Russell Crowell, at one time closely
identified with fishing and shooting or
ganizations in this city, is here on a visit.
He is interested In copper- mines In the
southern country, but still finds time to
indulge In his favorite sports of the field.
The Empire Club members expect some
good sport this week at their Black Point
preserves. A large number of birds have
been seen in the vicinity recently.
George Franzen killed sixty-three ducks
near Alvarado last Sunday. This was the
largest individual bag. .J. H. Burfelnd
was the only member of the Spooney Gun
Club; on, lts preserve. He secured flfteeen
ducks in a shoot extending over a couple
of hours.
GREYHOUNDS IN
TRAINING FOR
RICH STAKES
Best Dogs in the Country
Will Start
Handlers Now Giving Them
Special Training in Antici
pation of Sensational
Coursing.
Before the closing days of this month
the most valuable stakes on the coursing
calendar will have been decided. The
John Grace Challenge cup stake, to be
run at Union Coursing Park on the 24th
and 25th of this month. Is easily the most
Important event of the year for grey
hounds. The first prize will be $750, second
$400 and third CjO, with others in propor
tion. The owner* and trainers have been
careful In the running of their dogs for
weeks in anticipation of this big stake.
Some of the best dogs have been held in
reserve, being entered every other week.
so that they would be fresh and anxious
for work.
For Freedom, under the skillful hand
ling of J. M. Halton. is taking on a de
cidedly racy look from the work given
him on the road. On form his most dan
gerous opponent seems to be Curtis &
Bon's great dog Luxor. It is a question
whether the important uogs Overture and
Temple will start, as both are suffering
from the effects of a change of climate.
There are a host of dogs to take their
places. The fortunes of coursing will en
ter strongly into the decision of the stake,
as a tricky hare might put the favorite
out of the running at any time.
The management of Ingleside Park has
announced a champion stake for Wash
ington's birthday. la addition to th«
money offered a valuable silver trophy
goes to the winner.
The stake at Union Park this week at
tracted an entry of ninety-six dogs. The
sport will commence this morning upon
the arrival of the 10:15 train. A special
train will leave Third and Townsend
streets at Ip. m. An unusually high cla^s
lot of dogs are competing and the ulti
mate winner is hard to pick.
At Ingleside the sport will commenca
to-day at 1 p. m., the card being a puppy
stake, which will be entirely disposed of.
A 43-dog open stake will be run through
to-morrow, commencing at 11:30 a. m.
The San Mate) Park management will
run its entire stake of forty-eight dogs
to-morrow, the park not being open this
afternoon. The dogs were well matched
in the drawing and good sport should be
shown.
J. H. Rosseter's Emm Pasha, whose
progeny are among the best dogs running
in California, will be retired after the
John Grace cup stake, for which he is
entered. He has been in the competition
since he was eight months old, winning;
innumerable stakes. He divided th: Amer
ican Waterloo last year with his kennel
mate. Metallic.
The question of dropping coursing on.
Saturdays and running one complete
stake during midweek and another on
Sunday while horse racing is in progress
is being discussed just now. President
Shannon of Ingleside Park favors the
idea and will endeavor to convince other
parties at interest of the benefits to be
derived from It. The Saturday patronage
falls off noticeably each winter so soon as
racing commences on the big tracks, as
the patrons of one sport are also inter
ested in the other. If it be decided to
drop the Saturday coursing It will reduce
the number of dogs which may compete,
eliminating the poorer ones, thus Improv
ing the class.
H. F. Anderson has disposed of hi 3 best
four sreyhounds. Crawford Lad has been
sold to Lopez & Son. while Crawford Braes.
Crawford Lass and Ben Lomond will run
hereafter in the name of C. B. Charles
worth, secretary of Pleasanton Training
Track Assseciatlon.
Pasha Kennels' Miller's Rabble has been
mated with the kennels owners' great dog
Emm Pasha. The former union of Emm
Pasha and Wave proved so great a suc
cess that they have been mated again. D.
J. Healey's Sisquoc is the star of the last
litter.
Sterl & KnowleV Amarosa of the fa
mous Rusty Gold-Wave litter haa whelped
a Utter of six puppies to J. H. Rosseter's
For Freedom.
John Grace Jr. is taking the baths at
Byron Hot Springs for an attack of rheu
matism, which has confined him to his
bed for some weeks past.
At a meeting of the Greyhound Owners'
and Trainers' Protective Association heM
on Monday evening the following officers
were elected for the ensuing term: Presi
dent. J. F. Murray; first vice president.
T. Neenan; second vice president. I. R.
Smith; secretary. I. H. Frank; treasurer.
H. Lynch; sergeant at arms. William
Creamer; executive committee — J. J. Ed
munds. Captain Cane. Jeff Martinett,
Jerry O'Dowd and T. Logan.
D. Ersklne has lost through distemper
his promising puppy by Wayfarer-Bed of
Stone. Much was expected of this youn^
dog. as he had all the marks of a good
greyhound.
W illlam Dalton has succeeded Judge P.
J. Rellly as superintendent of Ingleside
Coursing Park.
THE SAN FRAXGISCO CAIiL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY HO, 1900.
GOLFERS WILL
QUALIFY FOR
COUNCIL'S CUP
Amateurs to Meet on
Links of Oakland.
San Francisco Ladies Hold a
Tournament on the Course
at Coronado.
The qualifying round for the second golf
competition for the Council's cup for men
¦will be held this afternoon on the Pre
sidio links. The eight lowest scores will
be entitled to enter the first round of the
competition, which will take place on the
17th inst. The semi-final round will be
played on the morning of Washington's
birthday and the final round on the after
noon of the same day.
As had been expected. Miss Alice Colden
Hoffman won the first competition for the
Council's cup for ladies, the final round
belr:g played on Wednesday, but Miss
Maud Muilins made a good contest, and
•were ir not that she plays somewhat wild
ly when pressed might have done even
better. Miss Alice Hoffman was 3 down
en the first nine holes, and took 65 stroke*
to Miss Maud Muilins' 59. but on the sec
ond nine holes Miss Mulllres was 5 down,
leaving Miss Hoffman 2 up on eighteen
holes.
In the tournament recently held at Pas
adena under the management of the
Southern California Golf Association the
team of the Los Angeles Country Club won
¦with IS points, the Pasadena Country Club
was eecor.d with 15. the Santa Catallna
team took third place with 6 and the
Riverside Polo and Golf Club was fourth
¦with 2. In the second day's play C. E. Orr
of Pasadena met C. E. Maud of Rlver
eide. but both were playing a poor game,
being especially weak in putting. E. B.
Tufts of Los Angeles was matched
against J. H. Nichol of Santa Catallna
end was 5 down and 6 to play, but Tufts
took the remaining six holes by ftne golf
ing and won the match. J. F. Sartori of
Los Angtles was out of form and was
beaten 5 down by E. D. Silent of Santa
Catallr.a. In the final round for the wo
man's championship of Southern Califor
nia Mrs. J. \V. Bowers and Mrs. J. D.
Foster both putted with remarkable ac
curacy, bin Mrs. Bowers drove a some
what longer ball.
John Duncan Dunn, the well-known golf
professional, son of Tom Dunn and
nephew of Willie Dunn, was out on the
Pasudtna links two weeks ago and gave
an exhibition of driving, the balls hav
ing a low "ipht. and tsome of them be
ing 2S yards. Playing with Walter Cosby
in a foursome against C. E. Orr and C. E.
Maud, the. score was all even on eighteen
holes.
The amateur championship of Southern
California, open to members of associate
or allied clubs of the Southern California
Golf Association, will be played for on
the links of the Los Angeles Country
Club on the 22d. 23d and 24th of this
month. The association was organized
on July 29 of last year and the following
are the officers: President, C. E. Maud;
vice presidents. J. B. Miller and A. S.
Auchenloss; secretary, J. F. Sartori;
treasurer. Koy Jones: members of execu
tive committee— E. B. Tufts and R. D.
Osborne.
A golfer named Franc L. Grannis of
Pasadena has invented a golf club the
head of which Is supplied with a mechan
ical device that enables It to be used as
a putter, lofter. midiron or cleek. The
club may be constructed for either right
handed or left-handed players. The heel
of the club is made to slide up or down
and is adjusted the proper angle by a
fcrew and pivot. The object of the* in
vention, of course. Is to reduce the num
ber of clubs which it is necessary for a
golfer to possess and to have carried for
him. It is. however, highly Improbable
that golfers will take kindly to the new
ciub or to the absence of caddies
Miss Carroll and Miss Frances Car
roll of San Francisco are spending the
winter at Hotel del Coronado and re
cently gave a ladies* golf tournament to
the links there. Miss Wagner of San
Francisco won the first prize — a silver
loving cup— and Mrs. Gale Thompson of
Chicago received a miniature gold
•driver as second prize. Amor.g those
who took part in the match were Mrs.
Kranu. Mr*. W. G. Miller, the Misses
JMocaJla. Miss Jarecki, Mis* Helen Healy
*Tifl iilss Wagner.
SPORTS
<-£& d
jCIGARETTESi
I With Mouthpiece |
S 1O o©xi.-ts for 1O S
§ Monopol Tobacco Works ||
5AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. O. W. Dwlnnell of Montague is at
tho C>rnnd.
Captain George C. Relter, U. S. N., Is at
tin* Occidental. ,
Jiulgo Stunton L. Carter of Fresno is
reglstorod at tho Lick.
H. L. Cory, one of tho leading attorneys
of Fri'sno, It nt tho Lick.
ProfosHor \V. N. Dudley of Stanford is
11 tfticflt at thu Occidental.
Tliomus Flint Jr. Is registered at the
Pnlaco from hl» home In Ban Juan.
Mr. uiui Mm, William Drysdale are at
tho I'hlmco from Sherbrooke, Canada.'
I»r. ntnl Mrs. Thomas Flint are at the
Pnlnco from their home in San Juan.
Chnrlcn-Knincco, Mayor of Salinas, was
0110 <>f >TH|e<r(lny'B arrivals at the Grand.
1). It, Holme*, n merchant of Liverpool,
I'.nKlfitxi. lit ri'Klsten'd for. a few days at
tho Occidental.
0. Mcltnnry, the Modesto banker and
¦•ni'llnliai. In among the recent arrivals at
t!i<> Occidental.
J. It. Van Holy, a traveler from Paris,
l«.n guest at the Palace, where he ar
rived last evening.
Francis Gedger, United States Consul at
Panama, has come up to this city on a
short vacation, and i 3 staying at the Occi
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. AY. F. Hall of Visalla are
staying; at the Lick. Mr. Hall is heavily
Interested In the oil lands of the southern
part of the State.
Charles j.ee, general passenger agent. of
the Northern Pacific, and A. D. Charltoni
assistant general passenger agent of, the
same road, are registered at the: Occiden-
The Fastest Train Across the Con*
tinent.
The California Limited. Bant* S*. Rout*.
Connecting trains leave at S p. m. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Ho. ta
the East. Ticket office. CS Market strMt
WILL COMB IN
PAPER DRESS
Ellinwood Ball and Morgan
Lunch to Take Place on
Valentine's Day.
Society will have a busy time trying to
keep up with all. the functions arranged
for St. Valentine's day by the swell set.
The most important affairs planned fpr
that day are the Morgan lunch, the Ellin
wood "fancy paper dress" party and the
O'Kane tea.
Miss Thereae Morgan is a delightful
hostess, and all the affairs she presides
at are usually characterized by some new
and charming features. That her luncheon
will be a success goes without, saying.
The "fancy paper dress" - party for
which Miss Charlotte Ellinwood has sent
out about 150 invitations promises to be
quite, the most original ult'air ever given
In this city. All the guests will be attired
in paper costume. Ladies and gentlemen
as well are vleing with one another to ex
cel in point of beauty and originality of
costume. The majority of the ladies will
wear costumes similar to those that have
made tin- "baby parties" so successful.
Another delightful function on St. Val
entine's day Is the tea to be given by Mrs.
W. D. O'Kane at her home on Broadway
In honor of Mrs. Duperu and Miss Feld
mun. There will be a large number of
charming girls In the receiving party, and
they ¦will be Joined in the evening by an
equal number of gentlemen, who alto
gether will make up a dinner party.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JANITORS AND JANITRESSES— B..
City. This department has been informed
that janitors and janltresses in the school
department will not have to undergo civil
service examination.
SOLDIERS IN THE TRANSVAAL—
Subscriber. City. If you desire to con
tribute anything for the relief of British
soldiers wounded in the Transvaal you
can leave your contribution at the office
of the British Consulate on Battery street,
near Washington^
EXAMINATIONS— J. D. C, City. Until
the Civil Service Commission announces
Its rules it is impossible to Inform you if
a person who failed In an examination for
the Tax Collector's office could undergo
examination for another office without
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after tho welfars of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louts
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— G. R. Mills of
San Francisco is at the Shoreham; T.
Masac of Los Angeles Is at the St. James;
AY. J. McCrae and wife of San Francisco
are at the Raleigh.
St. Mary'B Park Fund.
The Supervisors' Judiciary and Finance
Committees, sitting In Joint session. ye»-"
terday decided to refer the subject of St.
Mary' 9 Park appropriation to the City At-
torney for his opinion as to the legal
status thereof.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— L. W. Haviland
and C. H. Lorlrig of San Francisco are
at the Manhattan; Thomas W. Schenk of
Los Angeles is at the Empire.
W. S. Townsend, temporarily located at
735 Market street, will open to-day at 633
Market street. Palace Hotel building, with
a large stock of California glace fruits and
choice candles; will also continue at 735
Market street until March 1. •
March styles Standard Patterns. Do-
mestic office, 1021 Market street. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. :.;• ;
Oyster cocktails— Townsend's, 725 Mrkt.*
Ice cream at Townsend's, 735 Market St.*
tal. They are in the city on business con
nected with their official positions.
11. E. Huntington of the Southern Pa
cific Company is expected to return in a
few days from New York, where he has
been for some time past in consultation
with his uncle on matters pertaining to
the management of the road.
Among those who arrived yesterday on
the Alameda and went to the Palace is
Lord Talbot de Malahlue, who, accom
panied by his son, Hon. James Talbot, has
been making a tour of the world and la
now on his way home to his estate, Howth
Head, near Dublin. ?
waiting a stated time. Watch the local
columns of The Call and there you will
discover what the commission is dolns-
INVADING THE CHARTER.
IT may seem a small matter to set aside the express
provisions of the new charter in the matter of re
ceipts for fees. Mayor Phelan has obsolete!
those provisions alreauy, and justifies himself by say
ing that the spirit of the charter is satisfied by the
substitution of his will for its letter. Addressing the
Mayor as the self-elected custodian of the spirit of the
charter, we wish to remark that in the case of all
written fundamental laws the whole spirit is reflected
in the whole letter. Every part of the charter is as
sacred and inviolable as any part or the whole of it.
If its letter may be set aside in the least of its details,
the whole text of its entire body may be set aside.
The whole is no stronger than any one line or
phrase. The present Mayor rnav cancel a minor pro
vjrion. but nc sets an example in which one of his
successors may nullify any part of the instrument
... . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ :
with impunity.
During his campaign Mr. Phelan dwelt with fervor
: :: 1 unction upon the necessity of putting the charter
in the hands of its friends. He was its friends, all and
singular: none 'others need apply. Now he appar
ently assumes that its friends may subject the charter
to amicable mutilation whenever its enforcement^ in
any special particular disturbs that repose which is
the privilege of the elect!
Unfortunately for the city the Mayor has suspended
the charter znd has abolished altogether its carefully
framed provisions relating to a matter of first impor
tance. Past experience with the treasury admonished
the Freeholders of the danger of a leakage in the
matter of fees. The subject was turned over to John
P. Dunn, whose long experience as a fiscal officer
qualified him to safeguard the public interests. He
provided &\ impregnable system of checks on the
treasury. The Mayor has set this aside on the ground
that it is too much trouble and overworks the clerks!
The Mayor has before this set the law aside be
cause it was too much trouble to enforce it. The
law and his oath required him to actually count ths
money in the treasury vault 1 ;. This was too much
trouble, and he repealed the law by his own act and
substituted "hefting" the sacks for actual count of
their contents. In this way he hefted sacks of silver
dollars for gold coin, and the treasury lost over
Sioo.ooo. It is sinister, significant and worthy of no
tice that the Mayor now repeals the charter itself in
a particular in which it was intended to safeguard the
s=!iie treasury. He hefted the sacks to save trouble.
Now he «cts aside checks deviled by John P. Dunn
sr ?j\ expert because their use is too much trouble.
Others may follow in his footsteps, and because
the administration of other parts of the charter is
too much trouble it may soon be as tattered as a
tramp's trousers. We suppose there is no remedy for
M*yor Phclan's habit of considering himself su
perior to the law. All that he seems to lack is an
enacting clause and a calf binding to be a whole code.
TROPICAL LABOR.
IT does no harm to look facts in the face. The
Call advised this when the annexation of Hawaii
was proposed, but the newspaper supporters of
that measure in this country and Hawaii were averse
to the consideration of facts, and preferred to sub
stitute fancy and airy speculation for the cold and
sober reality. We proved then that the commercial
prosperity of the islands depended upon the use of
Asiatic coolie labor there. But to this was opposed
a fairy tale about the wide opportunity offered to
American white labor. So far there is not the record
of a single American white laborer migrating to the
islands and taking up the plantation labor which is
the sole producer of the wealth of the country.
At the beginning of this year there were 61,000
Asiatic coolie laborers in the islands, and still they
come. The opening of new sugar lands calls for a
greater supply, and it is at hand, under contract and
with a penal obligation.
The Honolulu Independent of January 20 publishes
the arrivals up to that date in the current year as fol
lows: "January 8, per S.S. China, 667 coolies; Janu
ary 9, per S. S. Lady Joicey, 707; January 12, per S. S.
Doric, 700; January 15, per S. S. Doyo Maru, 726;
January 17, per S. S. Yorohime, 700."
This is a total importation between the Bth and
17th of last month of 3500 coolies, raising the total
in the islands to 64,500 Asiatics of that class. There
are in all the islands a total of only 3000 Americans,
and these are of the land-owning, professional, cap
italist and higher business class.
We think no further evidence is needed to prove the
kind of labor that must be used and depended upon
for productive labor in the tropics. Of all our tropi
cal possessions Hawaii has the most clement climate.
It has neither the heat nor the moisture of the West
Indies and the Philippines. Yet its physical condi
tions effectually bar out white labor, and therefore
make white wages impossible. These coolies get the
maximum of 50 cents a day while they work, and
nothing when they are idle through illness or other
causes. They" are worked in gangs under overseers,
and with all the incidents that follow the employment
of the taskmaster.
The planters who use this coolie labor ask for free
access to our markets for its produce. That produce
comes into direct competition in our markets with the
product of free American labor, which in the same
occupations receives on the average an excess of $2
per day. Every pound of coolie product admitted to
our market free displaces a pound of the
product of free labor and yields to the Gov
ernment no revenue. When the product of
labor is displaced, the labor itself is dis
placed. Therefore the admission of the product of
coolie labor is practically the displacement of Ameri
can by Asiatic labor. If we continue to admit the
product of coolie labor free we are losing wages for
our own. labor and at the same time are losing rev
enue to the Government. This Government has .a
long candle, but the longest is finally used up by burn
ing it at both ends. The employer of American labor
is put at a disadvantage, which he must make good
by reducing the wages of his white labor or by put
ing the product of coolie labor on a revenue equality.
It is easily seen that the employer of coolie labor
at coolie wages in the tropics, and under physical
conditions which bring him greater profit -through
the greater productiveness of the tropical soil, enjoys
a great advantage, which does not need to be in
creased by giving him also free entry to our mar
kets. The home employer, producer and laborer are
entitled to an equalization of advantages, and there
are only two ways to secure it. Either our labor
laws and Asiatic exclusion policy must be extended
to Hawaii and the Spanish islands, making the em
ployment of coolie and other contract labor impos
sible there as here, or the product of such labor must
pay a tariff for the privilege of coming into our mar
ket. In cither case American labor and American
employers will be protected, and the coolie labor and
its employers will be compelled to accept equality
with' us: If there be any other way in which to main
tain our scale of wages and standard of life against
tropical production and servile labor we will be
pleased to hear of it. We know of no reasonable
objection that the Hawaiian employer can make to
this proposition. If he pay American wages to free
labor let him have free access to our markets, for
that equalizes his condition with ours. If he employ
coolie labor at Asiatic wages, let him pay duty on its
product coming here for a market. The principles of
our constitution are fixed in the requirement of equal
ity under the government created by that instrument.
It was the principle of equality that -abolished slavery
here. The existence of free and chattel labor under
the same constitution and Government was incom
pat:t lc with equality. When Seward and Lincoln dc
claret' the irrepressible conflict between free and slave
labor, and said that the whole Union must become
all free or all slave, for a house divided agains* itself
cc.uid not stand, they were demanding just what we
demand now. If it be wrong now it was wrong
when the founders of the Republican. party inscribed
it on their banners. We wait for some one to show
that it is wrong, for until that is done we shall not
cease to insist that it is right, in the faith that only
what is right will survive.
A FIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE.
SECRETARY FRED W. EATON of the Sun
set Telephone and Telegraph Company is re
ported in the Examiner of Thursday to have
given that paper a statement concerning certain finan
cial plans of the company. In the course of the state
ment he is quoted as saying: "There are other con
tingencies to be met, for which we must be prepared,
among them the tax of fifty cents a quarter just im
posed by the San Francisco Supervisors. We have
20.000 telephones in operation in San Francisco,
which means an additional burden to us of $40,000 a
year, a sum we cannot afford to pay and maintain our
present rate?. Our assessment has been raised to the
limit and we are paying a heavy license besides. We
are convinced the tax is illegal and intend to fight it
in the courts. If beaten we shall be compelled to do
like other corporations and put it in the bill. How
our patrons will relish an increase of fifteen cents a
month on their bills we cannot foretell, but I suppose
there will be some lively kicking."
Assuming that report to be true, the people have
a fight before them, and The Call conies forward at
once to take it up. It is to be determined whether
the Telephone Company is a creature of the law of
California or a master of the law. If it be a creature
of the law and subject to statutes, it will have to pay
taxes. If it can shirk the burden of taxation, then it
will be something above the law, and the only way
to deal with it then will be to revoke its charter and
establish telephones as a public utility, as has been
done elsewhere.
By the cunning of the astute Mr. Pillsbury, attor
ney for the corporation, the new charter was drawn
in such a way as to exempt the telephone company
from the supervision of the municipal authorities. It
is the consciousness of that exemption which em
boldens the corporation to announce an intention to
shift its taxes upon the public by increasing the al
ready exorbitant charges for service. It is also that
which leads the secretary to ¦ remark merrily and
mockingly that the shifting may result in some lively
kicking.
The recourse of the people is the State Legislature.
That body has a right to supervise corporations. It
therefore becomes the duty of all citizens to prepare
at once for the coming contest. In every district all
candidates this fall for the Senate or for the Assem
bly should be required to give specific pledges to vote
at the next meeting of the Legislature for a bill pro
viding an efficient and comprehensive system of tele
phone regulation. Such a measure will not be a nov
elty in legislation. The Massachusetts" Legislature
has been discussing this winter a system of State
regulation of telephones, and in other States the same
problem is under consideration.
The issue that has been raised by the telephone
company is one that cannot be compromised. Either
corporations are to be permitted to shirk taxes or
they are to be required to pay them. If the telephone
company be permitted to make a mockery of the
law, other corporations will soon follow the example.
The fight is on. The Call enters upon it with a de
termination to win. If a victory for the people can
not be gained at the coming Legislature, then the
fight will go on until another is elected. It may take
a year, or two years, or even more, but in the end
the law will triumph. That triumph, moreover, will
not be long delayed if the people be resolute in en
forcing their rights. The question should be made
one of the vital State issues of the campaign this fall,
and if that be done the "lively kicking" that no.v
makes Mr. Eaton smile will be on the side of the
tax-shirking telephone company.
themselves, yet they take no interest in it as a pleas
ure resort, and almost invariably go somewhere else
when they wish amusement.
Perhaps the Parisians may make something more
out. of their enterprise than the English or the
Scotch. They are more sociable people and have
more delight in music and art. The outlook, how
ever, is not bright for the movement. When people
go out in search of recreation they are hardly likely
to resort to a place whose primary object is not that
of amusing but of enlightening and elevating them.
THE SAX FK AX CISCO C ALP, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
It reports he true the Federal officers of quarantine
stationed at this port ought to receive an indefinite
leave of absence and a recommendation to suppress
thrmselve*. They arc accused of having entertained
their lady friends at a reception on board a ship just
r.rrived from a pbgwe-stricken port.
If Chinese generals enjoy no other distinction they
have the satisfaction of knowing to a certainty that
whatever the}' do they will be received with royal
fro-.vns. Recent dispatches show one commander
bciv.s reproved quite as severely for obeying orders
a? for disobeying them.
If Ag^iinaldo has escaped from Luzon and is In
Parts, as our War Department seems to think, lie
elk uld have no trouble in winning a gold medal at
the big exposition — he undoubtedly has the best run
r.ing genr on earth!
A man by the name of Swearingger is said to have
given <ome very strong testimony in an OroviHe will
cum*.* His n.-me ought to be sufficient guarantee of
the strength of any evidcr.ee he might choose to give.
The Hungarian be?.«=t-man of Ohio who sold hi>
dn"ghtcr= to pay the debt incurred to bring them to
this country has afforded Americans another object
!cs:on in the evils of indiscriminate immigration.
The red rubber stamp department of the British
arr.y in South Africa is again working perfectly.
General Bn'ler "regrets to report, etc., etc.," to the
end of the chapter.
Sacramento correspondents announced Thursday
that Governor Gage had locked horns with the Leg
i<-ir.ture. Goodness gracious! How that calf has
grevn!
The occidental nations seem determined that the
educational future of China shall not be neglected
in one regard at least. If the signs of the times point
to anything they indicate that the Orientals shall be
taught the fine art of thievery on a large scale.
The Boers have received assistance. from an unex
pected source. Tod Sloan and Lord Bcrcsford havV
quarreled since Beresford insisted. upon looking upon
Sloan as n servant. Sloan says he has changed bin
opinion of the British.
Eastern manufacturers of baby carriages hnyf,
formed a trust and have sent prices booming. ¦ Can, it
be possible that the big tradesmen believed that Rob
erts was to receive countenance from the House of
Representatives?
President David Starr Jordan is entitled to the
palm in discussing the South African situation. In
a lecture entitled the "Feelings ot" Animals" he says
that the Boers are unquestionably entitled to a right
to live.
French political life seems to have settled into a
stagnation thatthreatens. the life: of the nation. .The
recent elections passed over without even as much
cs threat of bloodshed.
A "PEOPLE'S PALACE" IN PARIS.
—— — — — — — —
A MOVEMENT has been started in Paris to es
tablish a "People's Palace" or university on a
scale far in excess of anything yet attempted.
According to the announcement there arc to be or
ganized under one roof libraries, reading and class
rooms, museums, gymnasiums, swimming baths, lec
ture halls, chemical laboratories, a temperance res
taurant, consultation rooms where advice and counsel
will be given by competent authorities on legal, med
ical and commercial questions, and a theater, where
there will be presented a drama free from all objec
tionable features.
. The promoters of the project are not millionaires
like Lady Hurdctt Coutts, who founded the People's
Palace in East London, neither is it to be a munici
pal enterprise like the People's "Palace in. Glasgow.
It is to be established by a co-operative society known
as the "Union pour »Taction morale." In their
prospectus they say: "We want truth, beauty, mor
ality for all. We would fain see the people partici
pate in that higher good which may be regarded as
the patrimony of the human race. Our society asso
ciates itself with no especial creed, religious, political
or philosophic. We do not wish to make partisans;
on the contrary, to unite, bringing different minds to
gether in the quest of truth and beauty."
While the Parisians are thus entering with hope
upon this movement for opening a palace of beauty
and truth to the people, it is noted in Great Britain
that similar enterprises Undertaken there have failed,
fhe great institution in London has been gradually
forced away from the original intention of the
founder. A recent report says it has never become a
social center in the East End of London. There are
flower shows, art collections and industrial exhibi
tions, but the People's Palace invariably impresses
visitors as a dull place where there is little entertain
ment for the masses. The children of tradespeople
are drawn into the class-rooms, and there is a con
stant development of the educational work, but the
exhibitions and concerts have not attracted the char
acteristic workers and idlers of the East End.
Even more complete appears to be the failure of
the famous People's Palace established by the mu
nicipality of Glasgow. That institution contained a
ivrtseum, a picture pallery, a promenade concert hall.
a conservatory, a library and a lecture-room. It
forms a warm, brilliantly lighted place of resort to
which the public is admitted without charge, but
while the class-rooms have been well patronized, it
has never been popular as a place of recreation.
When it was first opened large crowds attended the
concert"*, but as soon as the novelty wore off the
crowd diminished, and it is now said that while the
Palace belongs to the people of Glasgow and they are
duly proud of it as something they have done for.
The .real seriousness of the British situation in
South Africa has never been more apparent than now.
It is clearly shown by the promptness with which the
Government has acceded to the request of its South
African Commissioner, Sir Alfred Milner, for the as
sistance of a lawyer.
By adding 20 drops of Dr. Stegert's Angostura
Bitters to every class, diseases from drinking
polluted -water aro avoided.
GUIPURE AND VELVET DRESS,
This indoor costume is made with a
coat of . guipure and chenille, beneath
which is a Parma violet colored princess
velvet' dress of a very soft texture. The
upper part is draped to form a yoke, and
across it are two bands of black velvet on
the cross.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivo!!— "Th* Idol's Eye."
Grand O;>era-hous<» — "Aladdin Jr."
Orj>h»um — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Fmucrlers of Badaye*."
Alhszr.bra— "London Life."
CaUfcrtia— "The Cuckoo."
A icaza r- -"Frlentfs."
Chules. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venir-i;.
Clympla. rorr.»r Mason ar.fl Kills streets— Specialties.
Osiiland ftace Track— Races.
SATURDAY. ! FEBRUARY io, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
idrecs Ali Ccmmuncat'ons to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
!*t 3MCATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main IbOS.
HftKTolHtL nOOMS 'JIT to 221 SlcTt-nson St.
Trlrpbonc .Mm In 1574.
i.-\U rrcl hjr Carrier". 15 Ontit Per W'celc.
Sinsrlo Copleit. H (>n(«.
Tfrrnn liy Mull. Including: I*nMn»r«"J
I' 111..V CAtX fineladina: ?»nnci»>). one yenr. .f*f!.OO
J'«II,V (AM, tlnrluctliti; Sn it «In > >. «( monthn. . :t.O(>
i \IJ.V < AI.I. (Inoludlnir "ninlnyi, 3 months.. IJHt
UAILV CAl.b— n>- Mnsle Month «««•
hI'\UAY CAIX One Vrsr J. 30
\.KI:kJ,Y CALL One Vrnr 1.00
A!l po«tiua«tern are aathoriv.ed to receive
¦ übncrlptionn.
>.iuii»lc eopien tvIH l»t- forwarded wlien reaaentetl
OAKLAND OFFICE II IS nrnadirnr
C. CCODGR KKOGVESS.
'innagrr Foreign .Adrertlains:. Mnrqaette Bnflil-
I"X. ChICOKO.
SEW YOltlv COKHKSPOXnKXTt
C. C. CABLTO\ Herald Sanare
XEW YOUIC REPRESENTATIVE I
PnnUV LIKENS JR Si> Tribune Ilalldtns
WASHINGTON (I). C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. KXGl.lsil, Correspondent.
11R \\< II OFFIfKS 527 Monlsonrrv, earner of
Clay, open until :»:.*?<> o'clock. 300 tin yes.
open antll U-.:U> o'clock. *".IU McAllister, open
until O:3O o'clock. 015 Larlcln, open until
Dt3O o'clock. l!M1 Mission, open until IO
o'clock. 22U1 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until II o'clock. J«t!M» Valencia, open until t>
o'clock. Kt(t Kl<-\<-ntli. open until O o'clock.
XIV. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
o|ien until 9 o'clock.
THE MAN WITH THE SPADE.
General Sir Redvers Buller, V. C, , G. C. B.
— Chicago Chronicle.
The Life Story of Carlos Ezeta.
Revolutionist.
Styles for the Well-Dressed Man.
St. Valentine's Day.
Full'Pagc Drawing by CAHILL.
Unique Occupation of a San Fran-
cisco Society Man.
How Typhoons and Earthquakes
Are Predicted.
The Latest Fashions in Parasols.
The Reluctant Voyagers.
How St. Valentine's Day Originated.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S MAGAZINE
SECTION IS THE STANDARD OF
AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ART.A:a:a;
.ff JnKext
(Sunday s\
t Call. 1
FEBRUARY 1L //
r^
To Be
Beautiful
From a
Japanese
Standpoint.
6Will Receive Holy Communion.
The Gentlemen's Sodality of the Immac
ulate Conception of the Blessed Virgin,
attached to St. Ignatius Church, will
meet at their chapel on Hayes street to
morrow morning and march in procession
to the church, where they will receive
holy communion in a body at the 7:30
mass, after which there will be a solemn
reception of new members.
DISAGREE ABOUT WARRANTS.
Judge Cabaniss and the District At-
tomsy Talk It Over.
A difference of opinion exists between
District Attorney Bylngton and Police
Judge Cabaniss as to tho Issuance of war
rants. The District Attorney appeared in
court yesterday rcorning to argue the
matter with the Judge. His contention
is that under the charter all complaints
and warrants must b« written out by. the
warrant clerks and by no one else. In
accordance with that contention he had
instructed the warrant clerks not to "O
X" complaints, as had previously been
the custom.
Judge Cabaniss does not agree with the
Matine:
To Day
and
Sunday.
Last
Two
Nights.
NEXT W/EEK-
Tfcc New York Mfidlson Square Theater Farcl-
cal Success,
"OH" SUSANNAH
iheßeaulilui •oai.-dy-ilrnma,
Tnfia«em?nt of
The Distinguished Actr»sa.
MARY HAMPTON.
GRAND OPER4-HCDsE— Special.
THURSDAY AFTERBOOU, Feb. 15, at 3:15
THIRD
Grand Symphony Concert
CcdT the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES.
F«werv»<J S-»at!>-rCe. s*. 75c, fl an 4 ft 50.
F«J« berinn at Kh*rman. Clay & Co/b THIS
'SATURDAY* MORNING, at 9 o'clock.
ALCAZAR_JH EATER.
AN ASSURED SUCCESS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
MEN, BE STRONG!
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 552.
MATINEE TKIS AFTERNOON.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
The Theatrics! Sensation of tre City.
elt-ogt superfluous.*
ask those who have seen it.
usual' popular prices.
GycA wnM »*eat In orchestra at Saturiar
M*t:ae<. Zi ctst*.
liraseh Ticket Offlc*. Eir.rcrlura.
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIHHIIHIIIIHIMIIIIIIHHMM
|P PILLS »
I Cure
{Constipation
| and
I SiokHaait&che
I Quicker than anything else.
§ 10 cents and 25 cents— Drngrgists.
siiiiiH:iM!iiiiiiiii:iitistiiii!iinMiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiimi
OSLY MATINES OF TH E CUGI-COO.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1:15.
LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
TO-MORROW (SINDAYi NIGHT Begins
FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE FRAWLKY COMPANY.
Th» Late Aujrustin Daly's Most Charming
Ccrr.edr.
"AN UNCONVENTIONAL HONEYMOON."
AnJ *t!comt hcrne txosa London of California's
distinguished actiT«. MIPS KEITH
WAKEMAX.
SPECIAL NOTICE !
TWO EXTRA MATINEES THIP WEEK.
tvedaeadtr. F«t> » "TRILIJY." Friday. Feb
I€. 'MADAME SANS Gt.VK."
Seats now on Bale 'or all performances.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE.
"KOOT HON. Ye Canna Slop the Rash"
"Wouldn't That Keep Yoa Wziihg?"
BRING THE CHILDREN TO THE MATINEE
TO-DAY.
THE FOURTH WEEK- —
Of the Enormcun Corclc Opera Triumph.
i fir isiiis S rwr
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
THE SAME CLD TRICES-?: and £0 cent«.
Telephone Bush 9.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 2 TIMER.
MATINXE TO-DAY. TO-Nl'iHT— l*rt t!me«.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS
Pr«*?r.t:r.s th* N>w Lisht Or^ra, THE
SMUGGLERS OF BADAYEZ.
Bc£inning I "THE
MONDAY! BOSTONS'
FirST PROT'T'CTION OK ANY PTAGE OF"
" THE KEW COMIC OPERA, THE
VICEROY.
Archbold, Mrs. Archbold. J. Moore and
wife, B. Fink and wife. Miss -Fink, George
Craig, Thomas English and wife. Mrs.
Grant, Mrs. Carroll and two children, E.
Gash and wife, James Bullen. Lord Talbot
de Malahide, Hon. James Talbot, William
Dryodale and wife. Miss Paton. Campbell
Vance and Miss C. Metcalfe. From Auck
land—D. R. Holmes, Herbert Gentles,
David Scoullar. Rev. J. Milne, wife and
child. From Apia— George B. Greig and
wife. Bishop Vldal.
George B. Greig. brother of the King of
Fanning Island, came up from Samoa on
his wedding tour. Ho married one of the
b%lles of Apia and will take her home
with him on a schooner which he will pur
chase in San Francisco.
The Alameda left the well-advertised
yacht Norna and her master. "Commo
dore" Weaver, in Auckland. The little
vessel has been In trouble in China, Japan
and Hawaii, but everything seemed to be
working smoothly when the Alameda was
in port. "Prince" Peterson of Honolulu
was "Commodore" Weaver's traveling
companion, and they both seemed to be
enjoying themselves. A regatta was held
while the Alameda was at Auckland and
the Norna was the flagship. While in
Yokohama Weaver had to give a bot
tomry bond in order to get his yacht out
of the clutches of the law officers.
At Apia the Alameda found the yacht
Rover in port. Captain Flthian and his
wife and George Loughborough of this
city, who are on the vessel, are havina a
most enjoyable time, and asked Purser
Smith to report them "all well."
The Alameda left in port at Apia the
German gunboat Cormoran. the American
schooner Eliza Millar, which left here No
vember 3, and the Danish brig Sophie,
loaded with copra and bound for x»lar
seilles. The hospital ship Missouri was
spoken last Wednesday. She left Naga
saki on January 11 with ZT2 sick nnd
wounded soldiers. During the voyage .she
had met with very rough weather* Six
teen of the invalids had died. The vessel
should make port in a day or two.
The transport Logan arrived from Ma
nila via Nagasaki yesterday. On Febru
ary 3 Robert Gray, late of Company B,
Twenty-second Infantry, died at sea from
dysentery. The body was embalmed and
brought here. Seven of the passengers
who started from Manila on the Logan
were left at Nagasaki. They are H. F.
Hennage. William H. McCarty. C. I. Fo<.
E. P. Walker. D. L. Maddox. .Tamos L.
Stanley and Edward H. Mills. Those who
arrived here are: John P. Nape, Cl>nr!e"
Siegel, David J. Graham. James A. Shee
han. Oswald Schubert. J. McCullom,
Thomas C. Lord. J. J. Mitchell. Max
Schmidt. Peter Glesser and P. McMahon.
The control of the Naval Reserve st-.-am
»?r Marion has been transferred from the
Mare Island Navy Yard to the Yerl^a
Bucna naval station. In future all the or
ders concerning the old man-of-war v ill
come from Captain Glass of the Pens.i
cola. This is good news for the Naval Rp
serve men. as matters connected with
the training ship can now be adjusted in
side of twenty-four hours, while hitheito
it has taken nearly two weeks to adjust a
mere matter of routine.
The rrulser Philadelphia is once mor? In
port. She will be nnen to the genera*, pub
lic next Sunday. Peterson's launches v,-ill
run to her from the Folsom street float.
perior Court, and Donald Y. Campbell of
the San Francisco bar. Some fifteen min
utes of deliberation were necessary for the
Judges to reach their decision, which was
announced by Judge Hunt. "We, the
judges," he said, "regret that there are
not three medals to award Instead of one,
but as we are limited to a single selection
of the debater who shows the greatest
merit In the mastery of the subject, man
ner of address and In his argument, we
are of the opinion that Wilisie M. Martin
should be awarded the Carnot medal."
The six debaters who took part in the
sixth annual intercollegiate contest of ar
gument and oratory were: Willsle M.
Martin. California, affirmative; J. F. Eng
lish, Stanford, negative; Cecil M. Mar
rack, Stanford, affirmative: John E.
Springer, Stanford, affirmative: Willlans
B. Greely, California, affirmative, and
Fred Boston, California, negative.
Hearst Hall was taxed to its capacity
with students and friends an hour before
the debate began. Both sides were well
represented and an incessant shouting of
college yells of every character and de
scription filled in the time before the de
bate was called and during the interim
while the Judges were counting points on
the youns wielders of the logical sword.
It was half- past 8 when Professor Clapp
of the University of California introduced
Mr. Martin, • the opener of the debate.
Each speaker was allowed fifteen minutes
in his opening argument and five minutes
to close.
Martin started the ball of argument
rolling. He claimed that it was not only
necessary that a change should be in
stituted in the present system of minis
terial responsibility to the Chamber? in
the French Government, but that it was
immediately imperative to preserve that
Government. The responsibility to the
President would do away with Presiden
tial crises and give a stability to the
French Government which it does not now.
possess, bringing with It a series of checks
and balances. Martin's argument was
logical, impressively stated and clear-cut.
But it was his rebuttal that won him the
medal. In a rapid, quick delivery he
lloored his opponents point by point.
Tho arguments of the affirmative hinged
upon the resultant instability of the pres
ent system of government by which the
legislative body controlled the actions of
the executive, making a figurehead of
that body. , _
• The negative declared that tyranny
would result from an Increase of the
power of the executive and a destruction
of the parliamentary system of govern
ment ns in use in France. Many sue
geßtlons were offered as remedies, which
it was alleged would b« consonant with
the spirit and genius of the French peo
ple, but the one remedy of ministerial re
sponsibility was pronounced the worst.
The judges thought otherwise.
WILL INVESTIGATE THE
TRANSPORT MANAUENSE
BOARD OF INQUIRY APPOINTED
BY DEPARTMENT ORDER.
It Will Look Into All Complaints
From Soldier or Civilian Se
fgarding Management or
Seaworthiness.
A board of officers, convened under or
ders from the headquarters of the Depart
ment of California, met yesterday in the
Phelan building to investigate the charges
made against the management of the
Manauense. The board, consists of Colonel
Jacob B. Rawles. Third Artillery: Major
Hugh J. Gallagher, commissary of subsist
ence. V. 3. V-; Captain Sedgwlck Pratt,
Third Artillery, and Captain Edward Da
vis, quartermaster. Third Artillery-
Under the order the board has unlimited
scope. It may not only Investigate the
charges made, but also all rumors about
the transport, and they may take up not
only the complaints made by Lieutenant
Colonel Hayes, but any that have Leen
made or may be made by responsible per
sons.
The board is a board of inquiry. It will
make no determination and it will make
no recommendations unless hereafter or
dered to do so. Its proceedings will be
secret and its report will be made to Gen
eral Shafter. who will transmit the in
formation received to army headquarters.
Captain Davis has been made recorder of
the board.
» Another cleaning out of casuals from
the Presidio will be made to give the Sher
man an excuse to get away again for the
Philippines. She will take rlose to 300
men and the three officers who have t>o
long been in charge of the casual detach
ment. Major Calvin Cowles. Seventeenih
Infantry, who was in command of the
casuals: Captain James M. Frier. Seven
teenth Infantry, who was adjutant of the
casuals, at one time adjutant of the po-*t
and now In command of the convalescent
company, and Captain Edwin V. Bock
miller. Ninth Infantry, who is range of
ficer and has the drill and the target prac
tice of the casuals in his care. First Lieu
tenant Hunter B. Nelson will take Cap
tain Bookmiller's place as range officer
Officers to arrive at the post will be relied
en to fill the other vacancies.
A board consisting of Major William
Ennis, Sixth Artillery; Captain Ad.im
Slaker, Sixth Artillery, and Second Lieu
tenant G. R. Hancock. Sixth Artillery
has been appointed to investigate the hai
bor lines of Honolulu and to make recom
mendations for their extension.
Major Benjamin C. Lockwood. Twenty
first Infantry, has been assigned to doty
with the casuals at the PreMdio. H« will
probably take the Dlace made vacant by
the assignment of Major Cowles to Manila.
First Lieutenant Christopher C. Collina.
assistant surgeon, has been assigned to
duty at the general hospital.
Contract nurses Louise F. HenJg and
Eleanor Underwood, who came over with
the sick on the Sherman, have been as
signed to duty at the general hospital
while awaiting their return to Manila.
Captain E. E. Bolton. Sixteenth Infan
try, has been ordered to report for treat
ment to the commanding officer of the
general hospital.
Private Charles M. Scobey. Company C
of the Fourteenth Infantry, died yester
day at the general hospital. He came over
from the islands on the Sherman.
Carson Angel and S. A. Perry, privates
in the hospital corps on duty at the gen
eral hospital, have been assigned to trans
port duty on board the Sherman.
The handsome rew four-masted schooner S. T. Alexander is now in port ?rom Eureka, at which place she was built and
fitted out. ' She is named after the senior member of the tirm of Alexander & Baldwin-.- She will load here for Kahului. Tre
S. T. Alexander is IV) feet long, 40 feet beam and 17 feet deep, and will carry SSO.'/.-O feet of lumber. She is as handsome a
craft as ever came Into San Francisco and is very fast. Captain Charles Nelson is the managing owner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ £
DANGEROUS TO LIFE.
Surgical Operations for Piles Danger-
ous and Unnecessary.
The failure of ointments, salves ar.d pills
to permanently cure piles has led many to
bellevA the only cure to be a surgical op-
eration.
But surgical operations are dangerous
to life, and moreover are often unsuccess-
ful, and &t this time are no longer used by
the best physicians nor recommended by
them.
The safest and surest way to cure any
case of piles, whether Itchlrss. bleedin? or
protruding, is to use the Pyramid Pile
Cure, composed of vegetable oils and
acl<23. healing and soothing to the In-
flamed parts, and containing no opium cr
other narcotic.
Dr Williams, a prominent oriflcial sur-
geon, says: "It is the duty of every sur-
geon to avoid an operation if possible to
cure in any other way. and after many
trials with the Pyramid Pile Cure I un-
hesitatingly recommend it in preference to
an operation. ' *. „
"The harmless acids and oils contained
in it cause the blood vessels to contract
to a natural condition and the tumors are
absorbed and the cure is made without
pain. Inconvenience or detention from
business. .^
"In bleeding and Itching piles the Pyra-
mid is equally valuable."
In some cases a single package of the
Pyramid has cured long standing cases:
being in suppository form it is always
ready for use, can be carried In the
pocket when traveling: It is applied at
night and does not interfere with the daily
occupation.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is not only the
safest and surest remedy for piles, but is
the best known and most popular from
Maine to California. Every physician and
druggist knows it and what It will do.
The Pyramid Pile Cure can be found at
all drug stores at 50c for full sUed
treatment.
A little book on cause and cure of piles
mailed free by addressing the Pyramid
Drug Co.. Marshall, Mich.
ANOTHER ADDITION TO THE SUGAR FLEET.
The human system in old age must have a large
store of nervous energy and rich, nourishing blood.
Paine's Celery Compound keeps the liver and kidneys
active, and the body strong.
••My wife and I hav^ used two bottles of Paine's Celery Compound with
2reat advantage to our general health. It cured her rheumatism and proved
a sood regulator of the system in general and a tonic for the nerves. In my
own case 1 have found it a cur^ for kidney trouble arising: from old age, as 1 am
row in my 75th year. In this trouble it has given me almost instant relief."
He Got Knockout Drops.
Edward James, a sailor in the British
ship La4y Joyce, while drinking on the
Barbary Coast Thursday night made tne
acquaintance of two men. Fred Macey ar.d
William Golman. who took him to "Manila
Jack's" saloon. 905 Kearny street. Mar<;y
ar.d Golman were afterward seen r?o!r:;r
through James on Halleck street, near
Front, and were placed under arre3t.
James claims to have lost $20. The men
were booked for grand larceny.
REV. JOHN RICE, SEVENTY- FIVE YEARS OLD, Scotch Grove, lowa, writes:
PANr S(hi r K Y (() VfPOl INS )
A Great Reconstrudant
IMPROVEMENT OF RICHMOND
Point Lobos Club Discusses Light
and Police Protection.
In consequence of the Illness of Presi
dent George R. Fletcher of the Point I.c
bos Improvement Club, last night's meet
ing of that organization was presided over
by Vice President Edward Ginley.
The executive committee was» instructed
to appear before the Street Light Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors an-1
vigorously oppose any attempt of th«
Sunnyside district residents to have any
of the electric lights of the Richmond dis
trict moved to that section of the city.
The Richmond people contend that in
place of losing lights they need many
more, and have had promises from pre
vious Boards of Supervisors that tliey
would get them.
William A. Deane. E. L. O'Connor ar.3
H. U. Jaudln were appointed a committee
to wait upon the Police Commission to
ask for more police protection in the dts
trlct.
The Richmond people are in favor of the
exemption of municipal bonds from taxa
tion. The club ha? arranged a debate nn
that subiect. to take place at Rlchmrni
Hall on February ZL George R. Fletcher
and E. L. O'Connor will have the affirma
tive «ide. while D. L. Fitzgerald and Tohn
T. William? will handle the r.egative.
O. K. Cushing. J. B. Eckman. John Me-
G'.ynn and William de Wolf were elected
members of the club.
District Attorney. He holds that it would
be an absurd proposition if he were to
refuse to sign a warrant drawn by a rep
utable attorney. After arguing the mat
ter In a spirited manner both finished
holding the same opinion still.
CARNOT MEDAL
AGAIN W0N BY
BLUE AND GOLD
Wilisie M. Martin Is
the Victor.
LIVELY DEBATE BY STUDENTS
88-11/LIANT ORATORICAL EF
FORTS BY CONTESTANTS.
Again the Carnot medal has been won
by a debater of the University of Califor
nia. WHlsie M. Martin was the one se
lected last night by the three judges who
sat In deliberation upon the merits of the
six debaters, three from Stanford and
three from California, who argued for
two hours in Hearst Hall upon the ques
tion: "Resolved, That in France the Min
isters should be responsible to the Presi
dent."
This was the sixth annual debate, and
represents the fifth victory for the blue
and~gold. The judges were Ralph C. Har
rison, Justice of the Supreme Court:
Judge Hunt, of the San Francisco Su-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
January Tl to February 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
da>, Friday and Saturday. Rain or thins.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:la p. m. sharp.
Kerry-beats leave San FrancUco at 12 m. and
:::SO, 1. l:J0. 2. t:3O and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
Jerry tickets to Shell Mound. AH 'trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avecu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric car*
go direct «o. the track In fifteen minutes.
Returnlnir— Trains leave the track at 4:ls and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLTAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. '¦'--.--'-» '*
The power and energy of my former
patients is the foundation of my success.
The men who have told the public that
they have been made nev.— that they have
regained the force of nerve, mind and
body the careful use of Dr. Mc-
Laughlin's Electric Belt, are the cause
of its wonderful sale. These men are
known to thousands of people of this
State, people who can vouch for their
better appearance, people who .knew
them when they were sick ajid know how
they got cured.
Call oi* -Send fo:* Fpcc Book.
This tells about It and gives hundreds
of grateful letters. If you are a weak
man, read It. Sent free, sealed, on appli-
cation. If possible caJl and examine the
Belt and test It free.
dr. ma. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., Cor. Kearey. 3. T.
And cor. Sprinc and Second. Lost Angeles).
A prominent and wealthy
society man of this city is a
tea-taster by profession. The
life of a tea-taster is gener
ally limited to fifteen years.
Why should he choose such a
vocation? See next Sunday's
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PtiONE SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGHT. MATINEE TO-DAY.
LONDON LIFE!
Starting TO-MORROW Afternoon— The Real
JEFFRIES-SHARKET CONTEST PICTURES.
These Pictures w-il be exhibited Every After-
noon at 2:15: Evenir.es at S:l5. Contest will
t«Rin promptly as announced, owing to the
fight going the limit— twenty-five rounds.
PRICES
Matlr.ee (general adrr.iFFion). V>c and 50c.
Evenings (reserved). I^. 2T>c. £jC, K)c and 75c
SEATS READY
ASiusEJizirrs.
\»
MATINEE TO-DAY fSAT.) Feb. 10.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 15c; chll-
irm. 10c. any part.
EVERYTHING NEW, NOVEL AND
ENTERTAINING.
IIR. AND IIP.S. PEP.KINS FISHER In Ezra
Kendall's -HALF-WAT HOUSE': MI. HELL.
THE HOLLOW AYS: E3VET AND RIVIEHE;
f-OHLKES PICKANINNIES; I'AKTIE TRIO;
IRENE FRANKLIN; ETOGRAI'H.
F^RIINT/*.
gEKEEn33EE3HB3E3n3EG2E3
| Free Tickets I
Q TO THE |
| B
§ BUT TOUR B
H H B B
Ii» Q i
H SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND ¦
? GET FREE TICKETS TO 'THE ¦
E2 ORPHEUM. g
13 ¦-'¦»* ? "'H
I The Johnson-Locke I
| Mercantile Co., g
P 204 FRONT STREET, q
g BAN FRANCISCO. 0
M Will 'Exchange for Lenox and Ivory k!
r~ Soap Wrapper! *J
DFP.EE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM S
?. UNDER THE FOU,owiNO CON- B
0 DITIONS: Q
O If Ton Want a 25c Reserved Seat B
13 eend 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP 9i
J3 Or 12 Wrappers of IVORT SOAP »'
ca Or e!i?e pend \Z Wrappers of LENOX 2f
S EOAP and « Wrappers of IVORY SOAP «
•3 If Ton Want a 50c Reserved Seat [3
BJ Eend CO Wrappers of LENOX SOAP M
|2 Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP n
S Or else Fend 25 Wrappers of LENOX ti
X EOAP and 1! Wrappers of IVORT SOAP H
n a
63HBBBBHBBBBEBBBBBBBBH
INCIDENTS OF
NOTE FROM THE
SOUTHERN SEAS
Mail Boat Alameda
Makes Port.
YACHT ROVER WAS AT APIA
» '
HOSPITAL SHIP MISSOUKI WAS
SPOKEN WEDNESDAY.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Alameda arrived yesterday from
Sydney. N. S. XV., via Auckland, X. Z.,
Apia. Samoa, and Honolulu, H. I. At
Honolulu she only remained long enough
to take on the mail. Xo communication
was allowed with the shore and in conse
quence the vessel was not held in quaran
tine here. While the health officer was
alongside at Honolulu he reported to Dr.
Nelson of the steamer that there had not
been a new case of the plague within
seven days and that all danger was now
about over.
The cabin passengers on the Alameda
were: From Sydney— Nell H. Reid, A.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HOME SCIENCE AND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their an
swers. Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examin
ation papers meet the approval of a committee ot examiners. Mail all pa
pers to The Home. Study Circle. The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers
"Examination."
Directions— Write with ink on white rnper and on only one sid* of each sheet.
The name and address* of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one
course should mail their examinations in separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage i 3 fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups ac
cording to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good. (3) fair.
Certificates will be granted In this
course for original studies on any two of
the following topics:
1. Home environment.
2. House decoration and furnishing.
3. Economic buying of food.
4. Visiting and entertaining.
5. The care and education of children.
Such studies should not exceed 1300
words. Candidates may. if they prefer,
omit one study as indicated above and
substitute a "household economy" topic
of their own choosing.
HENSIIAW. BUCKLETftCO.. Pumps.SteamanU
OasoUxu Engines. BoUera. SS ani 23 FxtooaL.
Cathedral Council.
Invitations are now out for the reception
to be given by Cathedral Council Xo. 59
of the Young Men's Institute, in Native
Sons' Hall, on the night of tne 23d lust.
AEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST6.— RE-
modelfd a.r.<: renovated. KINO. WARD it
CO. Eurorioan' j.lsn. I.con* ;'r tv »1 i 0 day.
IS to IS wetk: Si to StO month. Free baths: hot
and co!d crater every roc-ni: fire grates in every
room; «levau;r rucit ail nicbi.
COKE.' COKE!
p. a: McDonald.
Whole*sl» Dealer ar.d Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE. SIJ FOLSOM ST.
V/eekly Cali,sl.oo per Year
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLD— Krcgh Mfe. Co.. » Stevenson
ft. Amaicacvatcr*. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
CHUTESJND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-DAY, CHILDREN'S DAY!
CCNCE3SIOS3 TtLZt BEFORE 2::0 P. M.
TO-NIGHT. After the Regular Performance.
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALKING CONTEST !
Los Angeles vs. San Francisco
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
Phone for Seats PARK 2J.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORH Improved God Separator A Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 6' Stevenson ¦ st.
BEACH GOLD CO^CE >TRATOR.
SAVES All the Geld by gray: iat!;a. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
GASOLINE ENGINE*.
HEBCVLES GAS ENGINE WORKS !s ai!!n*
Urge numbers of orders for Nome. IU-1U
First St.. S. F.
OLS.
LUBRICATING OJI. Cnid« Oil and Gaiotlns.
ENSIGN U McGLFFICK. C Spear »t.. 9. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PL'.MPS.
Lift Gotd-B^srias Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at C 23 Sixth st. BYRON JACKSON.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKE!: & HAMILTON. Entfnea and BotUrs:
loweei price* on the coast. Pisa A Davit it*.
7NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Irregularity prevailed In 'the movement of
quotations during the ¦ past week, though ¦-. the
stock market was on the whole strong- and
inclined to advance up to Friday, when a re
action set In. Easy conditions continue in the
money market, although this la shown more
Business was fair on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, but quotations showed no
changes worthy of note.
In the afternoon Honokaa was firmer, selling
up to $30 25. and Pacific Gas sold up to $51 ;•:>.
Sales were free.
There was a moderate business In oil stocks.
The Rex Crude Oil Company has declared Its
first dividend of 3 cents per share, payable on
the 17th.
The London and San Francisco Bank (lim
ited) paid an Interim dividend at the rate of
14 per cent for the six months ended Septem
ber 30. 1539.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Feb. 9—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Equtt G L Co. 34 34,
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — 13
4s quar reg — 1144 O G L & H... 43% —
is quar new... — 136 |Pac Gas Imp.. 51% —
is quar coup... 103 V* — Pac Lieht Co. 434 45H
Miscellaneous— S F O _ E 614 51%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 — San Francisco. 44 4;.
C C Wat 55... 1064107 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Ed L _ P «5..129 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. .115 — Firem's Fund.22o 223
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 545.. 105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 66% —
HC _ S 55. ...106% — Bank of Ca1.. .4014 —
L A Ry 5s 104%103%iCal S D _ T. 9* 100
LAL Co 35.. — — First Natnl 230 303
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ...133 135
Do gntd 35.. — 103 [Merchants' Ex — lo
LA& P R 55.102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65... 127 — Savings Banks—
Do Ist Mas..— HS4,Ger S & L...1710 —
NCN G R 75.105% — Hum S_ L. — —
NR of Cal 6s. 113% — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR of Cal 55. 113% — |s F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R X 63.102 — Say & L So. 74 7J
NPC R R 55. 106 — I Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 55... 109 — Union T Co. — —
Oak GL&H 5».109 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... 11441124 California 113 119
Oak W Co 55.. 104 1115 iGeary-st SO —
Oceanic SS C0.10441*> ' Market-st Ry. . 60% 614
Om C Ry Ss.. — 04:0 SLA H.... — 50
P&CI Ry 65. .1044 — 'Presidio — IS4
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks —
Powell-st R 63.1134 — (California 160 170
Sac El GAR3s. 83 — E Dynamite... S_ —
3F & SJV 5».. 1164 — illant Con Co. — »4
5 Ry of Cal 6s.- 103 1 iMgorit Jt_ J
S P of A 6s 110% — Sugar Stocks—
SP C <s(1303).10!>% — flana P C 0.... 7% —
SP C 65(1906).112 113 -Haw C_SCo S5 S3H
SP C 65(1312). — — ; Honokaa S Co. 30% —
SP C Ist cgis. — — 1 flutch S P Co. 23' a —
S PBr «s 125 — Kilauea S Co.. — 25
S V Wat 6s 115% — IMakaweli SCo 434 —
3 V Wat 4» 103 — I Dnomea S Co.. 28 —
SV W 4s(3dm)H24 — 1 Paauhau S Co. 28 26*4
Stktn Gas 65.. 102 10S Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— !*1 Pack Assn. — 121
Contra Costa.. 73 73%|Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — | ">ceanlc S Co.. 94 93
Spring Galley.. 94% 944iPac A F A.... 2 — .
Gas _ Electric— Pac C Bor Co. 144 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. »H —
Cent L _ P... 4 5
Morning Session.
Board —
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s IC3 23
$4000 U S 4s new. cash 135 00
$1000 Oakland Water 5s 104 50
20 Onomea S Co 2R 00
105 Honokaa S Co 20 624
23 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 51 5,)
s<> S F Gas & Electric Co sj 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 7s
10 Oceanic S S Co 94 00
120S V Water 94 25
30 Contra Costa Water 73 2.-.
273 Equitable Gas 3 23
100 Equitable Gas 3 12»'
225 Equitable Gas 3 30
5 Hutchinscn Plantation Co 25 50
35 Hutchinson Plantation Co 25 J74
10 Giant Powder Con 91 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$1000 S V Water 4s 103 75
JIO.OCO S F & S J V Bonds ug g-\
200 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 73^
50 Honokaa S Co 30 (^
10 Honokaa S Co j0 13U
ICO Honokaa S Co, b 30 30 j_
JCO Honokaa S Co.. 30 ,3, 3
5 S V Water 94 23
ISO Paauhau S Co " 28 00
10 Paauhau S Co.: " * 6 2 
10 Oceanic S S Co 94 |U
10 Hutchinson Plantation Co '...'.'.'. 23 7-,
13 Equitable Gas "" 2\n
100 Equitable Gas '.."."."" a ->t_
100 Equitable Gas MIIIIIIH s r
15 Pacific Gas Imp ""** «» t^
10 Pacific Gas Imp ['. 51 "
20 Pacific Oas Imp 1!!II!*!*I 51 £0
Continued on Page Eeven.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,613; exports, 19,738; Inactive and not quotably
lower; rye flour weak.
\ WHEAT— Receipts. 24,800; exports, 39.915;
spot steady; No. 2 red, 76?4c elevator; No. 2
red, 77T4c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 80% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard
Duluth, Sl%c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened firm on unfavorable crop news from the
West, but developed weakness under liberal
Argentine shipments together with much lower
rails markets, considerable unloading of local
accounts and prospects for warmer weather
West. Heaviness continued through the after
noon and the close was weak, %c net decline.
March. 76% c, ¦ closed at 76Vic; May, 74 9-16®
77 3-16 c, closed at 74% c; July, 744®74%c, closed
at 744 c.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL- Steady. • '
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
10@15 points net lower. Total sales amounted
to 43,750 bags. Including March, $7 25@7 30;
May. $7 45®7 50; July, $7 60; August, $7 65;
September, $7 60@7 75; October, $7 60@7 65; De
cember. $7 7007 83. Spot— Rio steady; No. 7
Invoice, B%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 9%c. Mild, firm;
Cordova, 12®134c.
SUGAR— Raw steady; refining. 404 l-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 44c. Molasses sugar, 3%@
3 13-16 c. Refined, flrm.
- BUTTER— Receipts, 3229 packages; market
steady; June creamery, 190234 c; Western
creamery. 2ir</-26c; factory. 16#19c.
EGGS— Receipts. 961S packages; Western.
164 c. loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
14®16c.
» - ¦• • DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— No new features were
developed in Evaporated Apples to-day. There
was ¦ a moderate demand for prime grades,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— There seemed to be
a complete withdrawal to-day of the general
Interest Jn the etock market which was so
conspicuous a factor In the active trading of
the early days of the week. Two days' reaction
in prices served to discourage the outside de
mand and orders to commission houses fell
to practically nothing. There was a continual
iribble of realizing sales nil day and the bears
Industriously pecked at the market here and
th<>re wherever they detected evidences cf
realizing or long etock offered for sale. The
most notable price movements were the specu
lative industrials and specialties. Late In the
-ay on the report of a new British reverse
at Ladjßinith the hears made a determined
raid on Sugar and Third Avenue, forcing them
off an extreme 3% and 6"4 respectively. The
#?en»*ral list failed tn remind in any marked
degree and eupport was accorded to the stocks
attacked, forcing the bears to cover They
made a final attemnt aeralnst St. Paul, but
the market closed generally firm and at rallies
In the stocks which had been attacked of
Iroxs 1 to !•». The tone la the general list
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 884
Sterling Cables — 4 894
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 48 454
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures were weaker, but . spot
prices were unchanged. The Produce Exchange
voted to remain closed on Monday — Lincoln's
Birthday.
Liverpool and Paris were weaker, but Ant
werp advanced. Argentine shipments were
800.000 bushels.
Chicago was lower In spite of severe cold
weather in the winter Wheat belt. St. Louis
sold freely, but New York was firm on foreign
buying.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $l®101%; milling,
$1 024@l C 5.
CALL BOARD SALES,
• Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May — «000 ctls,
$102%; 2000. $102%. December— lo.ooo, $107%.
Second Session — No sales. '
Regular - Morning Session— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 02,4.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— The Thedor takes for Cork 73,405
ctH, valued at $62,395.
The market rules firm, as there Is some spec
ulative buying. Prices, however, show no
change. Speculation on call continues dead.
Feed, 75c ¦ for No. 1 and 65@72Hc for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, So@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls.' 724 c.
OATS— Dealers reported larger sales yesterday
than for weeks, as the local buyers, having
held off for some • time, were compelled to re
enter the market. No change In prices.
White, $1 10@l 30; Red. $1 074®l 20; Gray.
$1 074«H 174: Black. 974c® $1 074-
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 93c®$l per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $lgl 05; mixed. 974 c
©11. •
RYE— The market Is weak and lower at 9S%c
© Jl 024, with recent sales at these quotations.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and MillstufFs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family : extras. *3 6003 75
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended Feb
ruary S, 1900, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Deo.
New York $1,140,970,617 .... 4.0
Boston 132,208.011 .... 10.1
Chicago 133.870,660 11.9
Philadelphia 98,186,196 1.9
St. Louis 32.044,204 6.6
Plttsburg 39,057.068 31.3
Baltimore 20.691,472 9.0
San Francisco 17.290.C53 6.7 ....
Cincinnati 16,126.450 18.9
Kansas City 13,731,944 29.8 ....
Minneapolis 9.415.052 4.0 . ....
Detroit 7,610.523 3.9
Cleveland 10,552,531 2.5
Louisville 11,174,031 43.7 ....
Providence 6.671.800 9.1
Milwaukee G. 923.193
St. Paul 4.125,243 .... 6.5
Buffalo 4.855.076 .... 1.2
Omaha 5,840.322 15.3
Indianapolis 6,313,888 15.7
Columbus, 0 4.732,500 12. S
Savannah 5,385,618 123.2
Denver 4.829,425 57.5 ....
Hartford 2.870,057 1.7 ....
Richmond 3,747,636 .... 1.0
Memphis 3.156.645 52.1 ....
Washington 3.005.308 16.2 ....
Peoria 2,153,891 7.5 ....
Rochester 2,909,481 62.6 ....
New Haven 1,013,154 .... 19.2
Worcester 1,297,552 14.0
Atlanta 2.290,318 37.1
Salt Lake City 1.795,607 .... 12.2
Springfield, Mass... 1,649,129 1.2
Fort Worth 1.645.985 21.9
Portland, Me ; 1,066,482 33 5
Portland. Or 1,845,067 2.2 ....
St. Joseph 3,755,130 47.0 ....
Los Angeles 2,159,635 25.7 ....
Norfolk 1.717,696 79.9 ....
Syracuse 1.018,209 ....
Dcs Moines 1,330,762 3.1 ....
Nashville 1,681,358 31.7 ....
Wilmington, De 1.... 979,600 24.0 ....
Fall River 1.006.731 1.9
Scranton- * 1.004,606 27.4 ....
Grand Rapids 1.114.854 22.8 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,474 288 82.4
Lowell 545,883 .... 81.3
Dayton, 0 1.002.661 4.7
Seattle 1,876,570 36.4
Tacoma 1.025.560 55.5 ....
Spokane 1.035,766 8.1 ....
Bloux City 1,020.583 19.5
New Bedford 418.833 89.8
Knoxvllle. Term.... 757,782 25.5 ....
Topeka 665,704 40.0 ....
Birmingham 894.45S 82.8 ....
Wichita 495.672 .... ....
Blnghamton 453.700 33.6 ....
Lexington. Ky 374,835
Jacksonville, Fla... 306,764 56.1 ....
Kalamazoo 405,400 44.1 ....
Akron 435,000 29.0
Chattanooga 422.787 36.1
Rockford, 111 267,752 28.9
Canton 0 242,400 19.2
Springfield, 0 340,533 17.2
Fargo. N. D 384.407 17.7
Hloux Falls, S. D.. 155.275 61.9
Fremont. Nebr 175,179 25.9 ....
Davenport 69.449
Toledo 2.068,444 26.3
Galveston 7.944,000 4.3
Houston 8,480.791
EvanßVllle 1,018,171 47.1
Youngstown 304,751 .... 87.7
Macon 846.000 41.2
Helena 523.642 , 25.9
Springfield. 11l 410.987 '
Little Rock 452.175 47.8
Saginaw 309.771
Totals. U. 5....5L507.583.776 .... ~oTg
Totals oUßide N. Y. 666,613,159 8.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $15,008,027 9.7
Toronto. 10,026.243 1.1 ....
Winnipeg 1.847,838 5.6 ....
Halifax 1,604,175 31.6 ....
Hamilton 950.189 24.3 ....
St. John. N. B 639.719 8.1
Vancouver, B. C... 772,720 61.8 ....
Victoria, B. C 709,020 .... 7.4
Totals $315,557,931 8.1 77TT
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 10% 6 104 5 10%
Closing 5 10% 5 104 5 10%
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 20 2130
Clcslng 20 20 21 15
Flour-
Opening 26 40 27 65
Closing 26 35 27 50
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 9.— CATTLE— Active and
Etrong, Including Texans. Butchers' stock and
canners and feeders, steady; good to choice,
$5 23@6 10; poor to medium, $4®4 40; mixed
stockers. $3 23@3 80; selected feeders, $4 25©
4 90; good to choice cows, $3 25@4 50; heifers.
$3 50@4 75; canners, $2 25i@'2 95; bulls, $2 75@
4 50: calves, $4 50@8; fed Texas beeves, $4'g's.
HOGS — Active, 10c higher, closing advance
mostly lost; good . clearance. Mixed and
butchers. $4 SO® s 10; good to choice heavy,
$4 95®5 10; heavy, $4 So!g4 90; light, $4 75@5;
bulk of sales, $4 93@5 024.
SHEEP— Active; 10® 15c higher. Native
wethers, $1 SO'SS 75: lambs, $5@7: Western
wethers, $4 50(35 40; Western lambs, $6@7.
Receipts— Cattle. 2C00; hogs, 23,000; sheep. 7000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. 9.— Clearings, $253,359; bal
ances, $64,269.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 9.— WHEAT— WaIIa Walla,
54c; valley, 52@53c; bluestem, 55c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 9.— WHEAT — Club. 824 c;
bluestem, 544 c. '
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 9.— Consols. 101%. Silver.
27 7-16 d. French Rentes. IOOf 6Oc@loof 65c. Wheat
cargoes oft coast, nothing doing: cargoes on
passage, rather firmer, 3d to 6d higher: No. 1
Standard California. 30s Id; English country
markets, partly 6d dearer.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 9.— WHEAT -Firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 44d; wheat In Paris,
weak; flour in Paris, weak; French country
markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 9.— WHEAT— No. 1
Northern spring, firm, 6s Id; No. 2 red Western
winter, stocks exhausted. Futures — Steady;
March, 5s 10% d; May, 5s 104 d: July? 5s 10% d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, steady, 3s
7%d: do old, steady, 3s 6%d. Futures— Quiet;
February, 3s 7%d; March, 3s 7%d; May, 3s 7%d.
Egss and Butter are still cheaper this week.
There Is nothing- new In Meats and Poultry.
Game Is rather cheaper, as the season Is draw-
Ing- to a close, and the demand has fallen oft
considerably.
Asparagus and Rhubarb are coming- In every
day now. and will soon be In moderate supply.
At present both are dear. Other Vegetables an»
about as before. There is nothing 1 new ia
Fruits except the appearance of Strawberries.
Coal. r>er ton—
Cannel $ «13 00 1 3eattl» $9 00®
Wellington .. @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington.. — <F» »»
ton ©10 00!:oos Bay ®7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs.. — OITVa
square — @55|P_r.ch Eggs, per
Do per roll — «50i dozen —©20
Do' good K>tt— tloney Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 12fi15 pound 15
Cheese Eastern.. 17®20 Do. extracted.. — «W
Cheese, Swiss 20®20
Meats, per lb— L__
Bacon 12-317 iPork. fresh lo<t?20
Beef, choice 13#20|Pork. salt 12#15
Do. good 10ftl3^Pork Chops 15<818
Corned Beef — ifilOiflound Steak 10«12
Ham. Cal 15<Q— Sirloin Steak .... 15@—
Do Eastern. ..l7VjiS— Porterhouse d 0... 20^20
Lard 12315 Smoked Beef 12#15
Mutton — @15 Pork Sausages.. 124'Rr20
Spring Lamb 2a92s;Veal 15@23
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 30®75 Quail, dozen.. sl 501? l 73
Young Roosters. I Mallard, pair.. 73c®$l 00
each 63<375 Canvasback. per
Old Roosters. ea..6o'c£7s; pair 75c®$l PO
Fryers, each 60<560 Sprig, pair SOWfo
Broilers, each 40-g5O Teal, per pair 40C?50
Turkeys per 1b...10fjf 20 Widgeon, pair ...40<rtoO
Ducks, each 80<575 Small Duck. palr.3T.fr4i')
Geese, each ..$125<g150 Wild Geese. palr..«iO'o7s
Pigeons, pair 40'g^O English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair 40<550 per dozen $3 #3 50
Hare, each — ©20 lack Snipe $1 75©3
Doves, per doz..sl@l23'
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per 1b...15@20 Limes, per dozen.. l(V?l3
Apples 4® 6;Ralsins. per lb s<JrlO
Bananas, dozen.. .lo®ls Walnuts, per lb.. — 015
Cranberries, qt — <SlO Strawberries, per
Granges, dozen lO'tfSS basket 20®25
Lemons, dozen — 10U20
Vegetables —
\rtichokes. dz.7scgfl 25 Okra. dry. per lb.— *?T2o
Asparagus, lb 3:^50 Peppers, green, lb
Beats, dozen 12WIC: Potatoes, per lb.. Su 5
Beans, white. lb.. ifo — : 3weet Potatoes 3'tt 4
Colored, per lb.. 4® 5 Parsnips, per doz.l.>$ —
Lima, per lb — <ip 8 Rhubarb, per lb...U*ttri
Cabbage, each 5«10 Radishes, da bchs.lo^l2
Cauliflowers, each S'filO Sage, doz bncts..2s(&:ii
Celery, bunch 6q>— String Beans, 1b..15@20
Cress, doz bncha.. 2o^/35 , Summer Squash,
Eggr Plant, lb 15«20' per pound MTM
Green Peas, lb 4^ SiThyme. per lb — 2iVf!o)
Lentils, per lb 6@ 8 Turnips, per doz..lo<ai->
Lettuce, per doz.. ls'^— Tomatoes, per lb. B®l2
Onions, per lb .... 2'< i S
Fish—
Barracuda — ® — '?hrimp_ ........... — if —
Carp 12ft — !3had — *?13
Codfish — @15 ?ea Bass — $i—
Flounders 12®— iSmelts \*'&—
Halibut 20<9— !3oles 12V.M3
Herring 10«— ;Skates. each IOC^U
Klngflsh — 'gla Clams, gallon 5041 —
Mackerel — £— Do hardshell. 100. 40 jrM
Do. Horse — ni— Crabs, each li'nio
Perch I 3 ®— Do B °ftshell. dz.23@33
Pompano —©—Mussels, quart — 10-ei'
Rockflsh — @13j Oysters, Cal, 190.. 40ii50
Salmon, fresh 15<g2Oj Do Eastern. daz.2s§4o
Do, smoked ....— i_-3i
was listless and heavy for the greater part
of the day and it was not greatly affected
either by the attack of the bears or the final
rally. Losses reached a point in only a few
stocks. American Tobacco was a conspicuous
exception to the general weakness during the
day, and after an early decline rallied strongly
3W. closing at about the best. There was a
good demand for Erie first preferred, which
carried it up at one time 1%, most of the gain
being lost. Much doubt exists as to the prob
able effect on this market of further British
reverses in the South African war. and the
confusion of the morning was clearly reflected
in the movements. The forthcoming bank
statement had much to do with the dis
inclination to extend speculative commitments.
The recent movement of funds from the sub
treasury to the banks has been reversed and
the latter institutions have lost on that ac
count J(tfs.ooo. The snipments of money to the
interior have increased over last week and
the receipts have diminished so that the net
gain on that account has been cut down to
a little over $l.OCO.«H). Allowing for the sub
treasury absorptions the week's gain in cash
will therefore be Insignificant. The liquidation
of speculative prolits in the Stock Exchange
during' the week may have relieved somewhat
the pressure on the banks for credits. The
call money market has not shown any in
creased pressure for funds, but the rates for
time money were distinctly firmer in tone.
Loans on exceptional collateral were made
early In the week at 3^- per cent for short
periods, but the minimum rate to-day was
advo-'-ed to 4 per cent. Sterling exchange
also hardened in sympathy with the discount
rates in London. The ratner violent break in
the prices of cotton ><n s-p?rulative liquidation
probably had some sympathetic effect in the
stock market.
Business In the bond market fell off con
siderably and price changes were Irregular.
Total Bales, par value. $1,805,000.
United States bonds were unchanged In bid
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
2.410 Atchison 20%
14,45u Atchison prefd t>2!i
6,425 Baltimore & Oh.o 61%
SOO Canadian Pacific !>64
120 Canada Southern 4!)
250 Chesapeake _ Ohio 29%
700 Chicago Ureat Western 14
s,kio Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 124%
Chicago, Ind it Louisville 16
Chicago, Ind &. Louisville prefd 47
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92
100 Chicago _ Northwestern 161
4,060 Chicago. Rock Island Sc Pacific 105%
600 C C C * St Louis, ex dlv 60%
3,620 Colorado Southern 54
110 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
£00 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
Del-ware _ Hudson 114
300 Delaware. Lack & Western 177
170 Denver _ Rio Grande 19"«
110 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71
7bO Erie _%
7,^20 Erie Ist prefd 86 787 8
227 Great Northern prefd 1554
Hocking Coal IS
110 Hocking Valley 34
400 Illinois Central 1124
100 lowa Contra! 12
100 lowa Central prefd.- 544
Kans City, Pittsburs: & Gulf 84
Lake Erie & Western 20%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 84
Lake Shore 194
2,800 Louisville _ Nashville 80%
Z.CVj Manhattan Elevated !)74
2,640 Metropolitan Street Railway 177%
200 Mexican Central 12
200 Minneapolis & gt Louis 634
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
6.110 Missouri Pacific 46U
500 Mobile & Ohio 444
Missouri, Kans & Texas 10%
200 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 334
New Jersey Central 117
2.1W New York Central 134"4
i.CIS Norfolk & Western 25%
2.772 Norfolk & Western prefd 72 .
7.125 Northern Pacific IZSi
410 Northern Pacific prefd 744
2.200 Ontario & Western 23%
....... Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
3,840 Pennsylvania 1324
Reading l&>,i
3,!.C0 Heading Ist prefd 56
£00 Reading 2d prefd 284
Rio Grande Western 42
Rio Grande Western prefd 84
St Louis & San Fran 104
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 684
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 354
St Louis Southwestern 11
300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27
16,749 St Paul 122%
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul _ Omaha US
8,995 Southern Pacific 38%
2.900 Southern Railway 124
2.€22 Southern Railway prefd E6%
400 Texas & Pacific ICH
20.660 Union Pacific 43%
2.160 Union Pacific prefd 764
Wabash 7Vi
SOO Wabash prefd 20"4
4.0.V) Wheeling & L E 10%
1,425 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 27%
320 Wlf>con«in Central 19
Express Companies—
Adarr.s 115
American 147
United States 47
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
tOO American Cotton Oil 344
American Cotton Oil prefd 93 "
100 American Malting 6
300 American Malting prefd.. 27
1.120 American Smelting & Ref 41%
American Smelting _ Ref prefd 90%
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
E25 American Steel Hoop 47<i
600 American Steel Hoop prefd 54%
10.010 American Steel & Wire 57%
252 American Steel & Wire prefd M-fr
1,600 American Tin Plate r.4 -
American Tin Plate prefd $?'£
45.145 American Tobacco 108%
American Tobacco prefd va
1.210 Anaconda Mining Co 41%
28.185 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73%
600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
2,425 Continental Tobacco ?.i\
Continental Tobacco prefd Si 4
8.830 Federal Steel fo4
Federal Steel prefd 7>'
General Electric i»5
120 Glucose Sugar f;%
Glucose Sugar prefd 98«
650 International Paper il
International Paper prefd ss
100 Laclede Gan 7$
180 National Biscuit n<
National Hincult prefd S|i;
220 National Lead iflii
National Lead prefd if.^vi
1.749 National Steel
100 National Steel prefd *i'
New York Air Brake 130
700 North American u\L
290 Pacific Coast j,i
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6.l's
3.575 Pacific Mall 41 4
1.D85 People's Gas • 11,714
200 Pressed Steel Car .*' »i
Pressed Steel Car nrefd 8714
210 Pullman Palace Car isu
Standard Rope & Twine gv
75,860 Sugar \U-Z
Sugar prefd !."'ll3
8.510 Tennessee Coal &. Iron oc
1,983 United States Leather ... 16*4
210 United States Leather prefd 7i
United States Rubber 174
United States Rubber prefd lOr't,
5,6?J Western Union jjii
2,990 Republic Iron & Steel "4"l
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 6Si£
P C C _ St Louis 6i
40H00 Share, sold.
CLOSING BONDS,
U S 2s. registered.. 1024
U S 3s. registered.. lo9H
17 8 3s, coupon lO9?i
V S new 4s, reg...134
¦J 8 new 4s, c0up... 134
U S old 4«, reg 114T»
U S old 4s, eoup...li4?i
U 8 ss. registered.. ll2%
IT S 6*. coupon 112%
Dint of Col 365e. ...US
Atchison gen 4s 101
AtchlFon adjuKt 4n. R3v4
Canada Sou 2ds 1094
Ches — Ohio 445.. 95,4
Ches & Ohio 6«....U94
C — Nor cons 75...140Vk
34KBF Deb 55..11»
Chicago Terra 45... 53%
|N V Central 15t5. ..110
N* J Cent gen 5«..123V_
North Carolina 65. .127
North Carolina 45. .106
Northern Pac 35... 66v'»
Northern Pac 4b...10H»
N V C & St L 45.. 1074
Nor & W cons 4«.. *44
Nor & W gen 65.. 130
Oregon Nay 15t5... 110
Dregon Nay 45....1014
Or Short Line 68.-127^
Or S L cons 65. ...114
Reading gen 45.... £5%
R G Western lsts.. 96
StL _ I M cons 6s. 111%
St L _ S F gen 65. 123
St Paul consols.... lC7H
Family Retail Market.
Denver _ R G lsts. 102%
Denver & R G 45.. 994
E T Va & Ga lsts.lol4
Erie general 4s 71
Ft W & D C lets.. 71
General Elec 5s 117
Q H & S A 6s 107
G H & S A 2d» 107
H & Texas Cent 5s.HO
H & T C cons 65. ..1104
lowa Central 1et5. .113
X C P & G lsts.. 72%
La new consol 45..106»«
L & X unified 45.. P9i;
M X _ Tex 2d5.... C 64
M X _ Tex 4s 92W
St Paul C _ P 15t5.1194
Et Paul C & P 55..120_.
Southern Ry 65....106W
Standard R & T 6s. 90
Term new set 35.... 95
Texas & Pac lsts..H34
Texas & Pac 2d5... 54
Union Pacific 45. ..104%
Wabash lsts 116_
Wabash 2ds 99V*
West Shore 4s 114H
Wis Central lsts... 914 i
Va Centuries 85%
Va Deferred 5
Col & Sou 4s S4
Southern Pac 45... 83%
MINING STOCKS
Chollar j7
Crown Point OS
Con Cal <fe Va 1 30
Dead wood 45
Gould & Curry 17
Hale & Norcross.. 27
Homestake 50 00
Iron Silver 57
Mexican 25
,Ontario .'. 8 00
'Ophir .".. 6!
Plymouth 12
Quicksilver 1 75
Do prefd 7 50
Sierra Nevada 27
Standard 2 40
Union Con 27
(Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call loans 34@4
rime loans 4®5
Stocks—
Atchison 20%
do prefd 62%
Am Sugar .1104
do prefd 1134
Bell Telephone 338
Boston & Albany.. 244
Boston & Maine.. l9B
C B & Q 1244
Ed Elec 111 203
Fitchburg prefd. ..l23
Fed Steel 654
do prefd 75^
Mich Telephone 100
Did Colony 203
Did Dominion 20
West End 924
do prefd 113
Westlngh Elec 43Vi
do prefd 61
VVIs Cent 19
Dom Coal 43
do prefd 116
Bonds —
Atchlson 4s 99V£
Mining shares—
Adventure 6
Allouez Mln Co 3
Atlantic 24
Boston & Mont 280
Butte & Boston 62
Calumet & Hec1a..750
Centennial 184
franklin 15
734,
Parrot 444
Julncy 143
•¦anta Fe Copper.. 64
tamarack 1914
Winona 34,
Wolverines 40*4
Utah 29%
New York Money Market.
NE%. YORK. Feb. 9.— Close— Money on call,
steady at 2®24 per cent: last loan, 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 57% for demand and at $4 84Vi for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 iw» and $4 884. Com
mercial bills. $4 83U@4 84. Silver certificates,
E9%@6lc. Bar sliver, 69% c. Mexican dollars,
47*ie.
BONDS— Government, steady; State, steady;
railroad Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able ca*h balance, $296,117,547; gold reserve,
$215,365,912.
Shipments of Silver.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— The steamship Luca
nia, sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 384,0(0 ounces of silver.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
This was a day of adverse war rumors In
the market here, and falling prices restricted
business. Consols were 101%, but closed at
1014. on the news of General McDonald's re
tirement, it being apprehended that his re
inforcements had b»-;n intercepted. Paris was
disturbed by the report from Boer sources that
General Buller had again been driven across
th«-- Tugela. The continued talk of mutiny of
the Egyptian forces also caused an uneasy
feeling, and wild hints were current to-day
that the eighth army division had been sent
to Egypt Instead of Africa. Not one of these
rumors was confirmed. Americans were steady
until afternoon, when London sold freely In the
midst of the general unrest. New York took
Erie first preferred, leaving the rest of the list
lower. Grand Trunks were the exception, be
ing boomed on the surprising dividend. The
bank bought £31.000 gold In bars. Money was
scarcer than it has been, but for bills there was
only Email application. Silver closed at 274 d
on Eastern buying.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. 9.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Union Pacific preferred. 754; Northern Pacific
preferred. 77: Atchison. 21; Grand Trunk, 8;
Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, ! steady. 274 d per
ounce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures weaker. Barley firmer.
Oats show more activity. Rye lower and Corn dull.
Bran weak, with free receipts. Hay soft and dull.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Shipment of $104,622 to China.
Potatoes in good supply and dull. Onions steady.
Dairy Butter lower and Creamery weak. Cheese lower.
Eggs accumulating and weak, but no lower.
Poultry steady under light supplies. Game weak and dull.
Strawberries came in from Watsonville.
Citrus Fruits quiet but steady.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Increased receipts of Hogs.
which gave a steady undertoffe to the market,
but without change in prices. California Dried
Fruits were fairly active and firm at old prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
s<a-6c; prime, 6\i@6\ic; choice, 7@74c; fancy. S
@S4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34@'c per
pound, as to size and quality.
- APRICOTS— RoyaI, Wlg'lSc ; Moorpark, 16®18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@22c; unpeeled, 74@9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Veb. 9.— METALS— Weakness
developed shortly after the opening In Tin and
continued pretty much to the close. The eas
ier feeling was largely the result of unfavor
able London market news and withdrawal of
buyers from the market here. The other de
partments were featureless and very quiet.
The Metal Exchange called Pis Iron warrants
very dull at the close.
COPPER— Lake, quiet. $16 25.
TlN— lrregular and unsettled at $29 75.
LEAD— Unchanged, with S4 70 bid and $4 75
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 70 bid and
$i 80 asked.
The brokers' price for Lead is $4 45 and for
Copper *16 25.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75©3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 60; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50- 'Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6®7 25; In sacks, $5 75®7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is no further change In this market.
Bran continues weak, with cutting among local
dealers and free receipts from th« north. Hay
Is sluggish and weak.
BRAN— $l3®l4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15<817 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2&@27; jobbing.
$27 60® 28; Cocoanut Cake. $20<&*l: Corn Meal.
$23@23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50®24; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 50@8 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6 50® S 50;
Oat. $6@B; Barley. $5Q7- Alfalfa. $6®7 50 per
STRAW— 2S@4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is not much doing In Beans Just now.
but the market shows no weakness.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 35: small White. $3 20
S3 35; large White. $2 gOiff^ 10; Pinks. $2 509
2 85; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters,
nominal: Lima. $5 1505 25; Pea. $3 20:23 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 £o@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®34c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4@44c: Flax. $1 90*32 20; Canary, 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
T@Bc; Rape. 24@3c; Hemp. 4g4'ic; Timothy.
4®44c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50@l 90; Green $1 75
<Q- 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market Is well supplied and easy.
There Is no further change In Onions. Vege
tables stand about the same.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 90c@$l: River Reds
75(g S5c; Burbanks, 50@750 per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 75e©$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 85®2
for Merced: New Potatoes. 3c
ONIONS-$1 Sof?2 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, per lb- As
paragus, 25@30c for Sacramento and 'Santa
Clara and per lb for Alameda; Green Peas
2@4c per lb for Los Angeles and 4gsc for Ala
meda; String Beans. S^l24c; Cabbage 40#
60c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I^l 50; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, 10® 124 c; Dried Okra. 124 c
per lb; Garlic. 6@7c: Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 3@sc; Dried Peppers, 8@10c: Carrots.
30@400 per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash
50c@$l 50 per box; Marrowfat Squash, nominal
Poultry and Game.
There are some very choice dressed Turkeys
offering, but they are slow of sale. Hens and
young Poultry are firmer, supplies beintr
lighter. Game is dull and weak c
POULTRY— Live Turkeys.- 11@124c for Gob
blers and 11@124c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys
13@15c; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings $1 75
<?2; Ducks, $4#5 for old and MSS for young-
Hens, $4®3; Young Roosters, $4 5005- Old
Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers $43
4 50 for large and $2 50®3 50 for small; Pigeons
$1 23@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for
squabs.
GAME- Quail. $1 25@1 374: Mallard. 43@4;
Canvasback. $2®3 50; Sprig, $2£2 50; Teal Jl ->i
@1 75; Widgeon. $1 60@l 75; Small Duck '$1 2"
Doves. 75@85c per dozen; Hare. $I@l 25- Ralyl
bits. $1 25#1 75; Gray Geese. $3^3 50- White
$1 60; Brant. $1 75; Honkers. $4; English Snipe!
$2 50@3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 25® 1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dairy Butter is lower and creamery Is weak.
The demand Is slow. Cheese Is also lower, with
free supplies. Eggs are no lower, but stocks
arr. liberal and the market Is weak.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26©264 c* sec
onds, 24®25c. -it
. n P alry ~ Fanc y' 23i524c; good to choice. 214®
224 c; common. 15@20c. **
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 104 c: old 10c*
Toung America, ll@U4c; Eastern. UftOlfe:
Western, 134@15c per lb. «w»ioc.
EGGS— <Juoted at 15@16c for store and. 1643
li4c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age. _4<glsc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A chest of large Strawberries from Watson
vllle sold at $S@lo. It is a strange time of the
year for Strawberries.
At the Orange auction a car sold as follows:
Fancy Navels, $1 45@2 23; choice, $1 60; stand
teln'on^Sfio. Seedling9 ' iU = holc9
DECIDUOUS FRUIT!*—
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $437 per
bbl. , r •. "
APPLES— 3O@6Oc per box for common. 75c35l
for tcooa to choice, and $1 23®1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50<fji 25
per box: Seedlings. 50<S$l 25; Japanese Man
darins, Jlgi 25; Pomelos. Jl®2 50; Lemons. $19
1 50 for common and $2#2 50 for good to choice-
Mexican Limes. $.>WR 50; California Limes. 23«
50c; Bananas. $1 7533 per bunch; Pineapples
$3 50&4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 44c for
45-50's, 4®4',ic for 60-60's, 3tic for 60-70's, 3Uc
for 70-80' s. 3c for SO-90's and 2»ic for 90- 100' s;
Apricots. Il@l3c for Royals, 124316 c for Moor
parks and 12®14c for Blenheims: Peaches. 54®
6c for Standards, 64®6* 4 c for choice and 7©Sc
fcr fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@124c; Evapo
rated Apples. 6<g7c: Sun-dried, s<gs4c- per lb-
Nectarines, B@9c; Pears, 34@44c for dark and
.@Sc for bright halves; Black Figs, 2®24c-
White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached Plums. B®9c: Un
bleached Plums, 7&74 c for pitted and 14 for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. *4c: choice. 74c: standard. 64c:
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. sVic;
3-crown. 6»4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. B#9c: Walnuts. B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for soft shell: Almonds.
114@12c for paper shell. 9Qlf*c for soft and 4®
5c for hardshell; Peanuts. s^4®6\c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 74S*>c; Fil
berts, 12® 124 c; Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb. 114312 c for bright and 1049
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7U_r74c; dark. 540
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Prcnnsions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9\e per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12e
for extra light and 134 for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@134c: California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb. »
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6*i'S7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
B^e: 10-lb tins. S\c: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@SVio per lb: 10-lb
tins, 9%c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
10H@HHc: medium. 9V»SlOi4c: light. 94c:
Cowhides. 94®104c: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. 9^@
104 c; Calf, 94@104c; Dry Hides, sound. 18c:
culls and brands. 13®16c; Dry Kld and Veal.
17c; Dry Calf. 19@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20
(830 c each; short Wool. 3.*. ft 6oc each; medium,
70®'90c; long Wool, $131 25 each; Horse Hides.
$2 75@3 for large and 7oc@sl 23 for small; Colts,
50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4c: refined, 64c; grease. 24<g3c;
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaqutn plains. 9jJloc: South
ern, 8@10c; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt.
and Mendocino. 17<fi2Oc; Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, 18® 20c; Northern Mountain,
free. ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10<Q
He per lb.
HOPS— 7©llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market. \
Half a dozen cars of Hogs came in. relieving
the scarcity somewhat. The market continues
firm, with occasional sales at «c. Other de
scriptions are unchanged.
BEEF— 6<, 4 4i7c per lb lor fair to choice.
VEAL— S® 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8384 c; ewes. 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 15c; yearlings. 9@loc per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small. 5T4c for me
dium and 6%©sHc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. sVi©sitc; dressed Hogs. 7@SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, J5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7®7>4c: Wool Bags. 2S@3oc.
COAL— Wellington. J8 per ton; new Welling
ton, JS; Southfleld Wellington. J7 50; Seattle
$7; Bryant. J7; Coos Bay. J5 50; Wallsend. {&;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8: Scotch. ; Cum
berland. $12 In bulk. and $13 54 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, Jl3; Cannel. $11 per
ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been eight ar
rivals of coal from Washington. 16.J20 tons;
four from British Columbia. 12.154 tons; two
from Oregon. 970 tons; three from Australia.
5265 tons; total. 37,933 tons. Consumers may
well feel gratified at the liberol deliveries this
week, as the yards last we*k were emptied
completely of most grades. . Such a fuel scarc
ity has never before been .known, and it Is
very questionable if It will ev;r happen again,
as colliery proprietors will provide against any
such contingency by owning or controlling suf
ficient steamers or nailer* tv transport their
output to market. We will t>e materially re
lieved within the next ninety days by colliers
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
now en route, and some of the transports no
longer needed for Government uses, w.n drift
into the coal-carrylns trade. ""
"Some charters have been effected this week
to carry Australian coal to Honolulu at 1J
shillings per ton. cancellation in idoi. — h'.s
demonstrates pretty clearly how long high
prices will rule for fuel, when tonnage is so
scarce that engagements are being ma.ie over
one year ahead, and at full freight rates, it
Is a query when we shall again have any ship
ments of English or Scotch soft coals, aa th»y
are in demand locally at figures which r. i ¦..
shipments prohibitory. In the absence O f
coals to load our Incoming fleet of grain car
riers. It Is hard to say of what these vessels"
cargoes will consist."
RICE-China mixed. 14 ISO 4 2o: China Xo. I
$4 10«4 50- extra do. Js@a o0; Hawaiian. »$
$5 23; Japan. $4 73@5; Louisiana. $4 iso^7.i 50^7.
SUGAK— The Western Sugar ftefin.n* Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-R> bng a:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S\c; p> w .
dered. 5»»c; Candy Granulated. s^c; Dry Gran
ulated 5Hc; Confectioners' A. 5V»c; Magnolia
A i\c; Extra C. 4Hc: Golden C. 4M,e; barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, }«c more; boxes. Sc
more; 50-lb bags. He more. No orders tak*u
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominos. halt-barrels. s*ic; boxes. Sftc per n>
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY t.
Flour, nr sks 22.693 Lime, bbls TTJ
Wheat, ctls 230.923 Sugar, bbls 25>7
Barley, ctls 2.500 Sugar, ska 13
Oats, ctls 1.230 Beans, sks *73
Corn, ctls 20 Potatoes, sks Z.»,.
Tallow," ctls 2C9 Onions, sks 63
Butter ctls 167'Brnn. sks X>— <J
Cheese, ctls 123 Middlings, sks... 125
Hay. tons 429 Wool, bags 39
Straw, tons 1* Pelts. Mis W0
Wine, gals 30,900 Hides. No 2<M
Leather, r0115.... 84! Eggs. doa 11 .400
Quicksilver, flsks 106 1
OREGON
Flour, qr sks 5.190 Bran, ska 8.490
Oats, ctls 300 Middlings, sks... 205
Potatoes, sks 4.8*) Shorts, sks 1.630
Onions, sks 750,
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
Charters.
The Allen A loads redwood at Eureka for
Honolulu; Silo, lumber at Chemainus for Cork,
72s 6d: Donna Franclsca. wheat at Portland
for Europe, 33s 6d.
Treasure Shipment.
The Nippon Maru took out a treasure list
<f tlOt.__, cor.sisUr.g of $4122 in Mexican dol
lars. til4o in gold coin, 196.000 in sliver bullion
and J_3iO in Peruvian soles.
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion January SI were as follows:
Gojfl J53i39.939 J154.f52.589
EUtxr ".*."..*."..".*....... 2<<2. - 537.C54 356.519.045
Currency 53.993.753 56.016.740
ToUl l SSB.Sn.Kf J667.418,674
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The following flfr-—^ show the amounts due
the United States from Pacific railroads on
account of bonds issued In aid of their con
struction: Central branch. Union Pacific, $3,
7:2.360; Sioux City and Pacific. $4,207,111; total,
$7.9:9,47-. The Government has been reim
bursed for i:7.^€.s_ principal and J31.211.711
interest, being the total indebtedness of the
Union Pacstic Railroad Company to November
1. l-3i, and for the principal of the Kansas
I'aciflc indebtedness, amounting to J6.303.000.
The unpaid balance of the total Indebtedness
of the Central Pacific and Western Pacific
Railroad computes to the United States, un
der settlement agreement of February 1, I s ? 9.
i ¦::.:.- to $47,050,172 and accrued interest, less
transportation earnings.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the treasury of the
United States at the close of business January
SI receive! from Secretary Gage: Interest
l*>aring debt, 51.C26,563.050; debt on .which in
terest has ceased Fince maturity. $1,205,410;
debt bearing no interest, $3&0,C33,74'J: certificates
and treasury notes, offset by an equal amount
of catsh in the treasury, $716,045.603; aggregate
of d<>bt. 51.154.17i.503. Compared with the state
ment istued Decen;ber SI the figures show an
Increase of certificates and treasury notes
amounting to 125.069,200. and an increase in I
the epjrregate ritbt of 125.301.030. The cash in
the treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
5493.496.5C5; silver. t-52.0_,317; paper, $63,413,-
Cls; bonds, minor coin, fractional currency,
etc.. n05,475.1_3; aggregate. 11,05_,425.D€1, The
each l-alance In the treasury December 31 was
r-"63.5&5.4_3, and on January 31, J292.589.973,
ehowlng an Increase during the month of
|5.533._0.
The National Cashbox.
United Elates Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
ports the amount of money on hand at the
clote of January as follows:
Gold coin t:€2,249,72J
Gold bullion 141.246,781
Silver dollars 417.4C»4,654
Ftnail silver 4.917.001
Silver bullion 75.721.632
_______ __
Total specie J505.539.f:3
United Slates notes 2J.180.704
Treasury notes of l? 30 LtJ4,540
Oold certificates 23.33y.930
Silver certificates &.$44.4.->9
Currency certificates 20.000
National bank notes 6.152.952
Minor coin, etc 454.251
lw>l«>(i!ts in national banks 107.936,650
Miscellaneous 54.193
Total J1.053.428.562
The new rule of the Secretary placing ad- I
Aitiuiiol amounts of public money in the na
tional banks was in effect last month and re- I
eult^d in a net Increase in Iho6e Institutions I
of I"-' 1 - 1 . 000, Qu0. The net increase in all accounts |
for the month was SK.O'W.oGO, against a net
increase of {5.000.000 In the preceding month.
Then was a net gain of nearly $9,000,000 In
Efld coin at an expense of $3.00u,000 in fine gold,
and an increase of 54.000.000 in dollars and
ab^ut Jl.OuO.O'jo in small silver.
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 9—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a* compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.02 24. 5S 15.55
li*-d Bluff 0.00 15.09 13.13
Sacramento 0.00 13.71 7.55
San Francisco 0.00 14.57 7.77
Frerno 0.05 6.14 Z.%6
lndti>en<lenee 0.03 2.08 1.15
San Luis Oblsjo 0.00 12.41 7.15
Los Angeles 0.00 4.67 2.56
Kan Diego 0.00 2.64 1.73
Yuma 0.00 0.76 1.34
Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cl; minimum, 46; mean. 14.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the extreme
northwestern portion of the Pacific slope and
over tte Kocky Mountain region and upper
Missouri Valley; elsewhere the weather Is
clear. Light rain has fallen along the Wash
ington coast and scattering light snow over
the Rocky Mountain region.
The oressure. has risen rapidly over the en
tire Pacific sloj>e.
The temDerature has risen in the upper Sac
ramento Valley and decidedly over the upper
Missouri Valley; elsewhere it has remained
n«-4trly stationary.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
weather on the Pacific slope Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 10, 1900:
Northern California— Fair, warmer .Saturday;
llfiht northerly wind.
Bombers California— Fair, warmer Saturday;
fresh northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; warmer.
Utah— Probably snow Saturday morning; fair
durtnr the day.
Arizona— Snow In north portion Saturday,
followed by fair weather; fair in south por
tion; warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, wanner
Saturday; light northerly wind.
G. H. WILLBON.
LocsJ Forecast Offlcial.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row, will say: The strength of staples, and
particularly those of agricultural origin, is the
leading feature this week at least. In gen
eral trade weather conditions have not favored
a large distribution, but comparisons with a
year ago are still quite favorable. Enlarged
speculation is reflected in increased clearings
and comparisons with last year are again en
couraging, while gains over years previous to
1599 are very marked. In strength of demand
and size of advance cottons are still easily
first. Although the crop movement has no
ticeably enlarged so active has been the de
mand from foreign spinners that fully three
eighths of a cent advance Is shown.
Provisions have been quite strong through
out the week and active demand is responsible
for higher prices of pork and lard In the face
of larger receipts of hogs at primary markets.
The strength of the raw sugar position has
been further increased this week by bullish
reports from European beet markets and the
expectation that receipts of cane sugar are
apt to be light In the future. Refined grades
have been strong, partly owing to the strength
of raw and partly to the shutting down of
a number of refineries. Coffee steadily ad
vanced, the result of continued small crop re
ports from Brazil and of good consumptive de
mand here. Hides and leather are firmly main
tained, though reports from the boot and shoe
trade of current business are not very good.
Fine grades of wool are quiet, but there is
still an urgent demand for medium grades
and quarter bloods sell better, considerable Im
ported wools having changed hands in East
ern markets. Reports from the wool trade
continue favorable to a hlph degree and firm
or higher prices are regarded as a certainty
Unfavorable weather has affected distribu
tion in most sections this week, but mail orders
have been of fair size and the spring trade
outlook continues unimpaired.
Iron prices vary with the market reporting,
but no widespread weakness is yet noted.
Some concessions, notably by a prominent
Southern furnace, are reported at Birmingham.
Some export business is reported done at a
shading by an Eastern furnace. Strength of
quotations. In fact, grows as the interior is
approached, the most firmness being noted at
Chicago. Any further reaction In Southern
pig prices Is expected to. develop a good ex
port demand, the margin of price differences
now being very small. A further gain in blast
furnace capacity Is noted. Current production
is now little below 18,000.000 tons yearly and
some increase of stocks is shown. Corisider
able business could be done at the West In
rails at a concession of $l-per ton, but the
active buying of old rails Is taken to mean
that no weakening will occur. Steel plates
have again lost the strength displayed some
weeks since. Copper is steady and tin is
again higher on a speculative advance in
London.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregated 2,092.3'J bushels, against 2,
724,937 bushels last weelt. 5,550,500 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1899, 3,419.504 bushels
in 1898, 2 051.345 bushels in 1897 and 2,718,291
bushels in 1566. Since July 1, this season, the
exports of wheat aggregate 123,012.322 bushels,
against 156.599.1E9 bushels last year and 153,
649.C97 bushels in 1597-SS.
Business failures in the Tjnlted States for
the week number 231, as compared with 171
last week. 193 In this week a year ago, 278
in 1898, 301 in 1597 and 381 in 1596.
Canadian failures for the week number 25.
as compared with 31 last week. 38 in this week
a year ago, 51 in 1893. 64 in 1897 and 70 in 1596.
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
by the volume of offerings of funds than by
any further relaxation in actual rates. Many
tenders consider r that with the large demands
for accommodation by merchants and manu
facturers and with the April disbursements yet
to be encountered no further declines in rates
are Justified. The money market, however, had
offered no obstacle to the resumption of activ
ity in speculation, and the fact that industrial
securities of good quality • are accepted with
freedom where they form a reasonable propor
tion of the collateral for loans has had con
slderabl« Influence in stimulating an improve
ment in that Dortion of the general list. The
market has been decidedly more active. At
the same time the trading' continues to be in
the main of a professional kind. Pools and
large operators have made their presence felt
by takine various portions of the list in hand
and in some Instances have from time to time
taken profits in stocks which were put up when
the movement began a fortnight or so back.
This was particularly shown in the steel and
other Industrials. The tendency toward the
close of the week was decidedly heavy on ex
tensive realizing sales. Commission houses
have been more active, but the public appetite
for Fpeculation, though decidedly better than
it was, has by no means reached" the proportion
which it presented before the December break
in the market. On the other hand, London
shows a disposition to buy American stocks.
Money is easier in all the European markets
and the readiness of the foreign public to
speculate seems to be finding an outlet In our
stocks, with a result that on several days of
the week the foreign purchases here ranged
from 15.000. t0 20,000 shares.
The feet that there was no news of fur
ther British reverses and that London even
entertained expectations of better results In
connection with the war in South Africa re
moved for the moment much feeling of un
certainty that prevailed as to the course of the
foreign markets in that connection and has
enabled Wall street to give its undivided atten
tion to the favorable features of the home
situation.
CHICAGO, Feb. 9.— The trade In Wheat was
dull. Parie was lower, and Liverpool also de
pressed, and although May Wheat opened a
shade up at 6£4<365%c a reaction quickly fol
lowed. Added to these bearish influences was
the fact that the cold wave was less severe
than had been expected, and snow was report
ed In various portions of the Wheat belt. Re
ceipts were larger than a year ago.* May sold
down to 68% c. reacted to 6S4c. declined to 684 c.
recovered to CS%@6S4c, slumped to 6Sc, and
closed %®4c under at 6S@6B4c.
The Corn market was colorless, there being
no pressure either way. May closed a shade
under yesterday at 33% c.
The Oats market was quiet and depressed
somewhat by weakness of Wheat. May closed
H«%c oown at 23%@234c.
The Provisions market opened firm, but
profit taktns turned the scale. At the decline
the tone was steady. May Pork closed 10c un
der yesterday at $11 10. May Lard 24@5c down
at $6 124 and May Ribs 5c lower at $6 05. • . ,;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 634 c: No. 2 red.
70% c; No. 2 corn, 32%@324c; No. 2 oats. 23'.;@
234 c; No. 2 white, 264 c; No. 3 white. 25@25%c;
No. 2 rye. 65c: No. 2 barley, 3S@43c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 60; prime timothy seed. $2 624; megs
pork, per barrel, $10® 11 10; lard, per li» pounds,
$5 90@6 05; short ribs sides (loose). $5 90*36 10;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $3 73<56; short
clear sides (boxed), $6 15<g« 25; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon, ?1 234; sugars,
cut loaf, unchanged; granulated, do.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,000- 62.000
Wheat, bushels 20,000 29.000
Corn, bushels 514,000 328,000
Oats, bushels 232,000 253.000
Rye, bushels 4.000 7,000
Barley, bushels 57,0-00 41,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was flrm; creamery, 19@244c; dairy,
19@22c. Cheese, firm, 12® 13c. Eggs weak;
fresh, 13@134c
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The Industries are still surpassing in actual
output the work of any previous year. The
new business is not correspondingly large nor
could such orders be accepted by most in
dustries if offered, but enough are coming to
prevent stoppage of works or much decline in
prices. . In woolen goods new business of re
markable volume sustains a marked advance
in prices and In other lines of Importance as
In machinery orders indicate a surprising for
eign demand. Meanwhile, though encouraged
by the abundance and ease of money, specu
lation does not in any direction as yet go
without check far enough to do mischief.
There is much of the speculative spirit abroad,
but also more caution than is usually shown
after a year of exceptional prosperity. Per
haps the war in Africa, with its possibilities
of daily surprise, is in that respect productive
of good.
No change of consequence yet appears in
prices of wool though the demand from spin
ners is limited and It is .perceived that they
had previously supplied themselves quite fully
for the heavy weight season, for which they
have taken very la^ge orders. It 13 thought
by some that enforced sales of foreign wool,
which was withdrawn from the London sale
in January In order to prevent a greater de
cline, may hereafter affect this market.
The weekly output of pig iron February 1
was 293,014 -tons, but stocks unsold rosj 20,330
tons in January, indicating a consumption
slightly smaller than the output when the
month began. As the consuming works were
naturally stopped about the holidays more
than the furnaces the figures prove little, but
bessemer and grey forge at Plttsburg have
not changed in price during the pa»t week
and slightly lower offerings of pig by Southern
and other new furnaces at Chicago and East
ern markets have had little effect. It is more
significant than the decline of prices for some
weeks in ¦ bars, plates and sheets has been
checked. Large orders have been taken for
these and -other products. Indicating that the
works in need of business may have obtained
enough for a time.
Though prices of hemlock sole have been
reduced half a cent and of split and upper
leathers the boot end shoe manufacturers are
not yet inclined to buy largely, as they are
getting but a small part of the contracts they
need at this season. The Jobbers still hold
back as far as they can and the slow yielding
In hides at Chicago Increased expectation that
leather may further decline. But though buy
ing is very small the works are producing and
delivering more than ever before. Last year
the deliveries from Boston were 34 per cent
larger than in IS9O, but this year thus far they
have, been 19 per cent larger than last year.
Failures for the week were 245 in the United
States, agalnet 217 last year, and 33 in Canada,
against 35 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
PARIS.
8
Articles— Open. High.
Wheat No. 2—
February 6GH 66<4
May CS% 65%
July 63«4 ' 69>4
Corn No. 2—
February ....
May 33% 33%
July 34% 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 23% 23%
July 22^4 22V4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 11 20 11 30
July 11 15 11 20
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 6 17Vi 620
July 6 25 6 27>4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 10 6 1214
July 6 10 6 10
Low. Close.
6Stf 66H
65% 65%
31%
33% 33%
34Vi 34%
23% 23H
22% 22%
11 07% 11 10
11 15 11 15
6 10 6 12H
6 20 6 20
6 02H 605
6 03 6 07»*
Articles— Open. High.
Wheat No. 2—
February 6GH 66<4
May CS% 65%
July 63«4 ' 69>4
Corn No. 2—
February ....
May 33% 33%
July 34% 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 23% 23%
July 22^4 22V4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 11 20 11 30
July 11 15 11 20
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 6 17Vi 620
July 6 25 6 27>4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 10 6 1214
July 6 10 6 10
Low. Close.
6Stf 66H
65% 65%
31%
33% 33%
34Vi 34%
23% 23H
22% 22%
11 07% 11 10
11 15 11 15
6 10 6 12H
6 20 6 20
6 02H 605
6 03 6 07»*CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
XjESSSE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BA2» J-RANCISCSO TO SAJ* RATAK k. '
WEEK DATS — 1:30. 3:00, 11:00 a, m.; 119,
1:50. 1:10. •:» p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11: JO p. ra. B*turd*jrs— Extra trip* at 13*
mnfl 11'tO p. «n.
EUNDATB-J.-00. f.M. XX a. m.l 1:M. t:3K
I*oo I'M p. nv
BAN* RAFAE- TO BAN FRAN'CISCSO.
WEEK DAYd-«:ia. 7:50. »:». 11: M a. m.; _:CL
1:40. 1:10 p. m. B*tunUy»-_»tra trips at i:ii
and I:IS p. m.
PtTNDAvg-sm. 9:40. U:W a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. S.-aa.
1:25 p. m.
Between San Ftanetsco aad Sehsets— i Park
same »chedul» as above. ___^
lieav* Arrlr*
San Francisco. In KtTect San Francisco.
, October IS, Ict -
Week I Sun- 1S». Sun- J We«k
Days. I days. Destination, days. | Days.
T:» am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| S:4O an
1:10 pm t:toam Petaluma. (:05 pm 10-.SS am
8:10 pm 1:00 pm Santa Rosa. 1:33 pro | s:O pm
" . . Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 19:2* an*
Healdsbnrc
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
j 1:30 pmj 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm <:g pra
TiMamj JHopiand andl I
[ 8:C0 ami Ukiah. | 7:S prof «:g pm
t-SOam ~~ 19 :3S *s»
8:00 am Guernerllle. 7:15 pm
>:Sopm
7:10 am 1:00 __ Sonem* 10:40 ami 8:40 ao>
and I
15:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. «^S pml ?*— pra
7:30 ami 1:90 ami Sevastopol. 110:0 am 10:::. am
»:I0 pml 5:00 pml | t:ii pm! C:tB pm
Eta cm connect at Santa Rosa for Uark West
Eprinrs and Whit* Sulphur Sprtnzs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Sisa_»s
Eprlccs; at Cloverdale for the Gey**r«: at Hop-
land for Duncan gprinrs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyrill*. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett 6prtnif«; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Latxt«l
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerleys.
Bucknell's. Banbedtin Heights. HuUvtUe. Orr*s
Hot Sprtnn. Hendoeino City. Fort Brag*.
WMtport. ITs&L WUlits. LaytonvUK Cum-
xnlngs's. Bell's Scrlnxs. Harris. Olsea's, Dyer.
Scotia and Kur-ki.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip ttcksts to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at bait ratsa.
Ticket offices. CSO Market St.. Chronlcla bldz.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
O—vcral Manager. Ceo. Pass. Aceat.
AMOUNT TAMALPPIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week days »:30 a. m. an>l 1:45 p. m.
Sundays...: S:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all triana. .
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
« 40.
REMOVAL OF THE
MISSION TRACKS
STRONGLY URGED
Supervisors Listen to
Protests.
The proposed ordinance declaring the
tracks of the Southern Pacific Company
in the Mission district public nuisances,
and providing for the abatement of the
same, came up for consideration yester
day before the Supervisors' Street Com
mittee and after hearing a number of ar
guments' for and against the proposition
it was decided to take the matter under
advisement. It is understood that the
committee will make no recommendation
to the board at its next meeting and it
may be several weeks before any action
ls taken. i
J. E. Foulds, attorney for the railroad
company, spoke against the ordinance.
He contended that the franchise under
which the tracks are maintained ls a
question of State law.
"The policy of the State," said he, "is
to admit a transcontinental road into this
city, for which permission was given by
statute framed In 1861. When the con
sent of the board Is once given, no mat
ter In what form, such action bars the
present board from revoking the same.
Complaints against the operation of the
franchise must be made- to the Attorney
General, who may remedy the evil by an
action at court.
"The Southern Pacific Company Is now
constructing a bay shore road and dig
ging a tunnel through the San Bruno
Mountains, which will take some time to
complete. The company will submit to
any regulation, but asks that it be not
destroyed."
Superviaor Curtis asked if the company
could Bhow that a franchise had been
granted under the statute of 1861, and Mr.
Foulds replied that the grant was given
by order of the Board of Supervisors In
1596. To a question propounded by George
Center, Mr. Foulds denied that the emoke
and dirt from the trains were a nuisance.
"The original plan,' said Mr. Center,
"was to have the road go by. way of the
bay shore, but the route was changed to
please some of the directors. The South
ern Pacific Company has no franchise for
the road from Sixteenth to Twenty-fifth
Btreet," and Randall street, Sunnyside and
Ocean View crossings are dangerous. The
speed of the trains is too great, property
has depreciated and many lives have been
sac ri ficed. " ijflfißl
T. McKenney spoke against" the board
placing much credence in th« statements
and promises of Mr. Foulds and the com
§any he represents. He said that the
outhern Pacific Company had broken
every promise It bad -made to the people
and claimed that the board possessed the
power to abate the nuisance by destroy,
ing property, if necessary* to do so. • He
referred to the Selby Smelting Works and
others that had been done away, with by
the board.
M. Cuthbertson of the Eureka Improve-
BAXLBOAD TRAVEL.
Moors of this place. It Is likely that the N'orna
plantation will become the finest and most pro
ductive cacao plantation In the whole world.
The quality of well-cured Samoan cacao is said
to be superior to that of any other grown in
the Paclrtc, and not lees excellent than any pro
duced elsewhere. Nearly e\ery white man
owning land here In Samoa ls now turning It
Into cacao orchards as fast as possible, the
liroflt*. It ls Bald, being remarkable.
The prospect of Samoa having a good, ef
ficient Government has been sufficient to bring
about all these chanßeg and Investments, for
under »n unsatisfactory and Incompetent rule
few persons were to be found who would risk
anr considerable outlay.
ment Club, C. Stader, M. Watson, G.
Schnee of the Federation of Improvement
Clubs, Mrs. Hanson and Mrs. Holton of
Sunnyside and F. Gamier of the Fair
mount Improvement Club, all spoke in
favor of the ordinance «nd made earnest
appeals to the board to put an end to
the frequent slaughter of lives by the
trains. Street cars, they said, have been
trapped between gates and many lives
placed In Jeopardy from approaching
trains. :M. Rooney told of the passage
of ordinances, similar to the one. under
discussion, in New York, wnere the ope
ration of steam roads had been changed
four different times to meet the growth
of that city.
The committee decided to reconsider Its
action denying a franchise to the Bay
and Coast Railway. In order to give the
fietltloners and protestants another hear
ng. The consideration of the Telegraph
Hill and Gray Bros.' quarries went over
for on© week. A batch of laborers' de
mands for wages contracted during Su
perintendent of Streets Fragley's regime
were referred to Expert Williams for In
vestigation.
The Slides Were Missing.
There was no lecture last night before
the Associated Camera Clubs, owing to
the non-arrival of the necessary slides.
Professor S. Brown of Stanford Univer
sity was to have lectured on the Kings
River Canyon at the rooms" in the Y. M.
C. A. Hall, but at the la<»t moment it was
discovered that the slides necessary^ for
the lecture were not on hand. It was an
nounced that tho illustrated lecture will
be given this evening.
CLARK LIBERAL
WITH HIS COIN
Gave Thousands to One
of His Lieutenants.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— A. J. Steele
was cross-examined in the Clark case to
day. He said he had participated in the
fall campaign of IS9S with Clark's friends.
He had made a trip to Great Falls before
the Legislative election and another after
the election. On the first trip he had
taken $700, which Davidson had given him,
and on the second 5300. Davidson had
given him money for expenses Incurred in
other trips made throughout the State.
Witness said that at ihat time he was a
bankrupt, having failed in business. He
had kept no account of expenditures, but
whenever he wunted money he went to
either Davidson or to Wellcome. During
the sitting of the Legislature he had re
ceived $1000 from Davidson and $5000 or
$GWO from Wellcome. The largest sum ob
tained from Wellcome at any one time
was $1000, which had been given him after
the Senatorial election, when Wellcome
had handed him a roll of bills, telling him
to pay his debts and keep the rest. He
had received $2000 from Wellcome after
the Investigation of the Grand Jury.
Steele gave a partial list of persons to
whom he had paid money in sums of $100,
they being persona working in the interest
of Clark for the Senate.
Referring to the visit he received at
Helena from Representative Garr prior
to the meeting of the Legislature, Steele
Bald in reply to Senator Turley that his
representation to Garr that he wanted to
see him about bounty scalps was all a pre
text, that In reality he had desired to sew
him In Clark's Interest as a Senatorial
candidate. He had, however, not urged
the matter when he found that Garr was
Inclined to support Conrad. In reply to
questions from Senator Burrows, Steele
paid that during the campaign and the
sitting of the Legislature he had received
$10,000 or $12,000 for use in politics, and
that he had spent all this sum except $700
or $SOn. which he had kept.
While Steele was on the stand the pro
priety of the use of a report made br
Attorney General Nolan of the proceed
ings of the Lewis and Clark County Grand
Jury In the Montana Supreme Court was
raised. Foster of Senator Clark's counsel
expressed himself as strongly In opposi
tion of this revelation of the secrets of
the Grand Jury room. Attorney General
Nolan was present and volunteered to
LAWYER ASSAILS
MRS, MOLINEUX
*
Sensation in the Murder
Trial.
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— Assistant District
Attorney Osborne to-night completed his
argument in the trial of Roland B. Mol
ineux for the murder of Mrs. Katherine
J. Adams. Recorder Goff will charge tho
jury to-morrow morning and the twelve
men are expected to take up at once the
question of the guilt or the innocence of
the prisoner.
On account of the illness of Juror Man
heim Brown, despite, the immense cost of
this celebrated case, reaching as it does
Into the hundreds of thousands of dol
lars, it is not expected the Recorder will
insist upon severe measures or require
that the Jury be locked up for any con
siderable length of time, even though it
should fall to reach an agreement.
Undoubtedly the most dramatic event
of the day was the attack which Assist
ant District Attorney Osborne made upon
Mrs. Molineux, the wife of the prisoner.
This attack was somewhat unexpected,
since Barlow S. Weeks, the attorney for
the prisoner, had already characterized
the mere Introduction of the evidence con
cerning the fact that Molineux lived with
his wife before marriage under the as
sumed name of "Mr. Chesebrough" as
"low and mean and vile." But Osborne
elected to pick up the gauge of battle
thrown down before him by the counsel
for the defendant. The war was on in an
Instant when Battle, who is associated
with Weeks in the defense of Molineux,
objected to Osborne saying that Mrs.
Molineux was the sole motive in the case,
that Molineux had been trying to marry
her and that she had consented to marry
him suddenly only after Barnet, who had
been a devoted admirer, was cold in his
grave. Osborne had just finished reading
the note signed "Blanche," sent by Miss
Chesebrough to Barnet during his last
illness, and when Battle interposed his
objections Osborne turned quick as a flash
toward Mrs. Molineux.
"There ls the woman, there is the mo
tive!" exclalmeu he in tones dramatic be
cause of their nerce intensity.
Battle, still continuing to object upon
the ground that the statements had not
been supported by the evidence, Osborne's
voice rang out:
"Let the galled jade wince! I do not
blame counsel for objecting; but that
woman is the living motive in tho Barnet
S^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL— tosa62:>KEAE3nr«T. Established
JU?if" -*^3 ln l'**3* 'or the treatment of Prlrat»
Jr_/.K. p-^3 Disena^s, Lent Manhootl. Debility or
|vKs_J>4&!t> 'i!»ea.«p Tearlnirnii bortyand mind and
V*£?ii_2l • v > km Dlne&aws. The doctor cures when
_m4M&p4 others fall. Try him. Charg** low.
Call or writ*.
Dr. J. _*. 4UIBBOX. Box 1957. San Fraadaca
WEEKLL CALL
:'; SI per Year.
Our Increased Trade With China.
England can no longer compete with us In
the shipment of many product* to China. Our
trade with the Chinese ' has Increased almost
40 per cent within the last year. This ls merely
natural. The best wins In everything. For
a like | reason Hostetter's Stomach Bitter?, the
best remedy in the country, has for fifty years
acknowledged no 'superior to cure constipation,
indirection, dyspepsia and biliousness.
Company A Entertainment.
Golden Gate Hall was filled last night
with the members and friends of Com
pany A", League of the Cross Cadets. A
San Francisco Lodge.
6an Francisco Lodge No. 3, Independent
Order of. Odd Fellows, had an Informal
entertainment* at an open meeting last
nljrht in the Covenant Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building:. There were nearly 200
present, vrho were entertained with
music, songs, recitations, dialogues and
stories contributed by H. Bosworth. Mr.
Rhodes, Messrs. Allen and Crabtree. J.
Foley, the Knickerbocker Quartet, J. Dil
lie and A. P. Black. There was also an
Interesting address by B. B. Jacobs. Dur
ing the ; evening the host lodge served a
conation. The affair was under the charge
of A. Jacobi, F. A. . Jennings, George
White, F. M. Heggeman and George Wal
com, tho social comittee of the lodge.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Snusalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAI_JST
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:CO. *9M. U:W a. m.; IHi.
•3:40. 6:15. «:00. 6:30 o. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at *:0O and 11:13 v. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. »10:00, •_:*> a. m.; •!:_,
1.15. »4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Qnentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •«:&. 7:45. tAi a. m.;
•i::S0 f J:l5. •J:4O. »5.-15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and :0:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. *i:W. n0:00. •_:«¦ a. m.;
1:*0. »3:15. 4:45. H:3O p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Caentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO BAN VRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:«. 1:55. »:4S a. ra.;
12:55. 2:»5. 1:45. ::20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 O. m.
KUNDAYS— B:OS, 10X5 a. r_: 12:03. *:_, IM,
1:00. t:a P. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 _ m, week days — Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
• :00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
G W Towle. Towle
G Pelrano, S Jose
H R Felse, Oakland
J Ix>we, Sausalito
J B Treeloan, Oakland
O Staffler Jr. S Crui
O Stone. Nebr
L It Searles, N V
J W Bailey A w, Cal
Mrs Perrine & eh. Cal
C E Clarkson, Omaha j
O W Dwlnnell. Cal
H G Dlckson & w. NY
J Glmblet A w. Wash
L L Cory, Fresno
A Hondbersr. Marcuse
W J Lamb A w. Mats
J M Hamill. Cal
Mrs S Norman, USA
Mlsr E White, USA
W P Huesey, Minn
C B Simmons, Vlsalla
A I> Cooper, 8 Jose
Mr Wall. San Jos*
M!m O'Fallon. S Jose
D M Tittle, Los Ang
G H Baracool, Newton
X J Fader & w. B C
M C Hopkins. S Cruz
J H Gale A w, Huntor
Mrs I Mattlngly, Butte
PALACE
C W Eman, Portland
G Lavignino, Utah
J F Coleman. Redding
C B Rixford. Chicago
L H Knoche. Mo
J Knoche. . Mo
C A Copeland Ls Ang
JO O'Brien. N V
C A Canfleld. Cal
E L Doheny. Cal
J M Williams A w, Cal
O E Whltehead. N V
Mrs E L Van Busklrk,
New York
P Morton A w, Chicago
O T Nlchelson, Chicago
A Evanß, Chicago
E Chamber*, L* Ang
T Brown, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL..
H M Barstow, Napa
H Glmblls, Australia
F Chrl»man, Stktn
P Treskow, Crockett
C Vance, -Washington
J V Hart, I*>s Ang
G McCoy. I^oi! Angeles
Ml»s A McCoy. L Any
C P Schermerhorn,
Helena
G W Holllster, L Anr
C D Perclval. Los Ang
C France, Salinas
J O Smith, Chicago
J M Smith, Chlcaeo
H E Plckett, Cal
E 8 Marine, Irvlnjrton
D II McEwen, Pomona
A C liutler, S Anthony
E H Baker, San Josa
T H Green, Fresno
II W Vance, Merced
A Lauxen, Stockton
I, C Black. Ban Jom
T T McCray, Holllster
Mrs W B Ruth. Stktn
Miss Grlswold, S Jose
O Brown, Seattle
D H Osborn, Sacto
E Mauvals. Spokane
A Bouthone, Victoria
HOTEL,.
W Drrsdale A w. Can
Lord T de Maletlde.
Utah
H J Talbot, Utah
B P Hutchison, DSK
Dr T Flint A w,S Juan
L Emery Jr, Pa
F J Carolan. Burlingro
8 E Sparrow, Ohio
X J Dame A w. N T
O W Roberts. Phlla
W B I>udley, N T
i G A Wentworth, N H
H W Purbush. Boston
C Blrelow & w, Minn
F T AUlger & w, N T
S Kaiser. NY
W Hollyat. NT
NEW WESTERN HOTEL*
A F Stroming. Petalma
8 Hurteau, lowa
C Wi WaUUns &w.
Volcano
F S Mwrulre, Boston
J P Maland * w. S Js«
O W Condon A w. Cal
J Doneiran. New York
J Heany, Cloverdale
A Iljtha. Stock toa
J Smith. Dlxon
N Button. Fresno
T Johns Aw. L. An*
J B Thornton, S Jose
B M Rapmuasen, lowa
H X Griffiths. Canada
J A Grout. Griffiths
H C Wolverton. Can
8 F Jones, Ind
H Coceland. Eyiatr .
COAST DIVIMON (llroatl Cun^f).
(Third mid Townwml SK)
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
A Pleasing Entertainment Given by
One of the Branches to Its
Friends.
The many friends of Young Ladies' In
ptitute No. 1 who attended the entertain
ment and social given by that association
In Sherman & Clay Hall, last night, en
joyed a rare treat, for there was an excel
lent programme of the following num
bers: Vocal solo, Miss Daisy Mac Keane;
"Run to Death," recitation, Miss Cora L.
Fish; "Good-by, Sweet Day," soprano
solo. Miss Marie Bernard; dramatic re
citals, Edward Hanlon; specialties, the
Bennett sisters; tenor solo, J. Desmond,
and "The Window Curtain," a monologue.
Miss May Sullivan. The programme was
followed by dancing. Miss Alice J. Dwyer
being the floor manager, assisted by the
following named floor committee: M.
Glbney, George Duffy, D. Denny, J. J.
Landers, Tom Flaherty, J. Emmet Hay
den, John Daley, L. L. O'Mara. Jere Loo
ney, M. J. Warren and Dan Donovan.
The other committees were: Arrange
ment—Kittle F. Marra. chairman; Mar
tha Coppage. Maggie Peacock, Mary E.
Curley, Sadie Flaherty, Alice J. Dwyer,
Eva Whitworth. Mary Foley. Cora L.
Fisk and Mary Bernert. Reception— Ellen
Barrett, Margaret McSteen, Mary Dris
coll, Kate Dwyer. Kittle Warren, Mamie
Gorman and Annie Kramer.
C9AST 1H Vln lON (N'nrnm <J»Bge>.
(Foot cf Market Street.)
ALCALDE PARLOR.
The tenth anniversary ball given by Al
calde Parlor No. 154, Native Sons of the
Golden West. In Native Sons' Hall last
night was attended by almost the entire
membership and a large number of ladles
and their escorts, who filled the main
body of the hall, which was decorated
in yellow and silver, with an abundance
of flowers and ferns to offset the monot
ony of color. There were more than a
hundred couples in the grand march,
which was led by Mr. and Mrs. H. A.
Bowers. The function, one of the most
brilliant ever given by this parlor, was
under the direction of the following
named committee of arrangements: L. E.
Derre, L. J. Hurley. Al Rahwyler, H. A.
Bowers. H. R. Davis. Reception commit
tee—E. Lastreto. J. A. Devoto, O. H. Fer
guson, W. D. Wilcox. L. A. Glacobbl, R.
H. Andrews. W. E. Jones. Floor director,
11. A. Bowers; assistant, G. C. Alferitz.
Floor committee— John Staude, D. F. Fo
ley. J. W. Desmond, W. Fenstermacher.
L. J. Wattson.F. R. Varni.
case, and it Is undisputed that the man
who sent the poison to Barnet sent the
poison to Cornish. I hate to have to
ppeak in this manner of this woman. It
is shameful that Mr. Weeks brought these
ladles to this court when he knew tho
subject of which I must speak. It is a
continuation of the cowardly crime and
shows the nature of the man who would
consent that womankind should hear his
words."
General Molineux left his seat at the
conclusion of this attack, leaned over the
back of his wife's chair and patted his
daughter-in-law reassuringly on the
shoulder. Molineux himself never moved.
In closing Osborne said:
"Remember the Frankenstein. Remem
ber that he was built up with backbone
and muscle, but his creator could not give
him a soul. The defendant has no soul
or he could not laugh as he has laughed
In this courtroom under circumstances
that must break the hearts of hla father
and mother."
make a statement, but he was not permit
ted to do so, the committee deciding that
the matter was not material.
State Senator W, E. Tierney of Broad
water County was questioned especially
concerning his financial condition prior to
and since his election to the Senate, to
meet the testimony of Dolenty, a banker
of Townsend. Mont., to the effect that
Tierney had paid off a large indebtedness
to his bank since the adjournment of tile
Legislature and had shown many other
evidences of Improved financial condition.
Tierney said that he had been Instru
mental in organizing the State Bank of
Townsend and that he had paid his in
debtedness to Dolenty's bank by transfer
ring to the other bank. He had also sold
more or less property. The witness 3aid
that he had considered himself worth
about $50,000 before tho meeting of the
Legislature, and that there had been no
material Increase since. He also' said that
Clark had not been instrumental in the
organization of the new bank at Town
eend. The notes owed at the bank
not his individual notes, but were stven
by firms in which he was interested.
The committee adjourned until to-mor
row before the witness had concluded.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running; and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fr a.nciscoj
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving: in Chlcagro at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leases San Francisco at 5:39
pynnpec p. ra. with Palace and Tourist
riiiiv «n tor Kansas Cltjr, St. Lcais,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between StocVton. VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford. Visalia, Tnlare n n4 n
and Bakersfield. Kl/AU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•FDISrO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKIdIV 3UUPI 1531 . oatian^ U l3 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
'_?:R,_£TTEnD o:n" r-hjid _= > __^ 3 :E_RJ r
BAXLBOAD TBAVEL.
MOCTIIKIITf PACIFIC COJIPAMT.
(PACIFIC MTSTEM.)
TrnlM lr»»e nml nr« tin* to «rrl»» •*
NAM I'ItAMISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
business. I am 33 years of age and Mr.
Woodbridge is 66, so you see we are both
of age. ft was not an elopement. We
eimply wanted secrecy to avoid unpleas
ant publicity. His folks are becoming
reconciled and they had no strings at
tached to him anyway."
Just then Mr. Woodbridge made his
appearance at his new residence. He
marched up the hill leading to the house
with head thrown back and steps that
were Intended to be elastic.
"Here's papa now. He'll tell you all
about it," remarked the bride, coyly.
"It's nobody's business about my getting
married," declared Mr. Woodbridge. "It
wa_s not an elopement and we just went
to Sacramento to be married so the news
papers would not get into it and write it
up like they did the Boardman case. A
man can love even though he is old. My
wife loves me, too, and we are both
happy."
Mr. Woodbridge is one of the pioneers of
Oakland. He has been in the real estate
business here for many years and is very
wealthy. His wife's maiden name was
Salina Ogden. Before becoming a lady
barber she was married to a man named
Butler, who died several years ago. The
bride refused to say where she resided
' or worked in San Francisco, dismissing
the. matter with the statement that she
was employed and lived at various places.
OAKLAND, Feb. 9.— Arthur S. Wood
bridge, the well known real estate
dealer, has been wedded to Mrs.
Salina Butler, a female barber of
San Francisco. He is 66 years of age and
a grandfather. The bride acknowledges
33 yeara and a previous marital experi
ence. In order to make his tonsorial cap
tivator his wife the aged Lothario braved
the anger of his old mother and his
daughters. The happy couple are now
ensconsed in a little dove cote sort of a
cottage on Palmetto avenue In Fruitvale.
Mr. Woodbridge first met his present
wife in a female barber shop of San
Francisco several months ago. She re
moved the hirsute stubble from his chin
so deftly that the old gentleman called
again. As she bathed his face with bay
rum and manipulated his physiognomy
with her soft, white hands he went into
rhapsodies. Then he commenced to haunt
the place where razors were wielded by
ladies, and no matter how often the other
female barbers told him that he was next
the Infatuated real estate dealer from
Oakland always ignored them and waited
for Mrs. Butler to Jab the lather into his
nose and eyes.
Then moonlight rambles ensued. The
venerable gentleman with grandchildren ;
made love with all the ardor of a youth I
in springtime. About six months ago he
had his lady love abandon barbering and
domiciled her in Fruitvale. Two weeks
ago the pair quietly went to Sacramento
and during the hurly-burly of the legis
lative session they were secretly married.
"I didn't object for the simple reason
that I didn't know that my father was
going to marry that woman," declared
Mrs. Clara White, the daughter of the
ancient lover when seen at her residence,
101 Fifth street, this city. "They sneaked
out of town and were married on the
quiet. I have not seen the woman and
don't want to. I don't know anything
about her and do not care to discuss the
matter. He is certainly of age and so is
the from what I have heard, so I guess
they had a right to get married If they
wanted to." .
Mrs. Woodbridge, the mother of the en
amored old groom, is S5 years of age,
but is still vigorous enough to condemn
her son's act. Her loquacity was
squelched by her daughter, however, and
she was not permitted to give her opinion
of tha affair.
"We went to Sacramento to get married
to avoid any such notoriety as old man
Hoardman and hla bride received," said
Mrs. Woodbridge. the new wife of the real
estate dealer, who is a buxom woman and
looks old enough to be the mother of old
man Boardman's bride. - "It's nobody's
HER TONSORIAL SKILL WON THE
OLD MAN AND HIS FAT FORTUNE
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /6L*~?zg^ A
SEE
GENUINE
WRAPPER
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEE
6MJINB
WBAPPEB
St. John's Guild women In New York
have collected over $35,000 for floating hos-
pitals for women and babies.
Valuable Gold Strike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho. Feb. 9.— Excitement con
tinues around Elk City over rich gold
strikes. Ira K. Lemon discovered a vein
22 inches wide. He pounded out over
$10,000 in a hand mortar In two days.
Bohemian Golden Gate Lodge.
Bohemian Golden Gate Lodge No. 93, C.
S. P. S., will celebrate the sixteenth anni
versary of its institution by a ball and
supper, in California Hall, this evening.
It is to be an invitational affair.
Hotel Sneak Thief.
Albert Hawley, a waiter, was discovered
in the Falrmount Hotel. Market and Fell
streets, Thursday trying to enter several
of the rooms. Detective Graham and Po
liceman Green chased and captured him.
He was booked at the City Prison vr*
terday on a charge of attempt at bt«r
glary. Ho has already served two terms
for petty larceny.
MOTHER CHARGED
HER SON WITH
BEING CRAZY
Bartlett Was Drunk
and Disorderly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Ills Broadway. Feb. 9.
Frank Bartlett. a dental student of
K2 Grove street, imbibed too much
liquor to-day and became imbued
¦with the idea that he had been
cheated out of his portion of his deceated
father's estate. When his ultimatum de
manding several thousand dollars was
ignored by hi« mother and brother he
committed an act of belligerency by
rraashing several windows and a consid
erable amount of parlor furniture.
The family called in the police and Mrs.
Ilartiett had her eon taken to the Re
cemr.g Hospital, where he was charged
with insanity. The your.g man was ac
cused of being crazy after a similar
drunken act one night last July, but the
? Kaminlng physicians declared that tha
aliment waa of a purely alcoholic nature
ar.d discharged him. When taken to the
Receiving Hospital to-night the prisoner
Eppeered to be sane, but was considerably
intoxicated. He is 23 years of age and Is
of a melancholy disposition. Stven year*
cg-o he attempted tuicide by Ehooting* him
self through the roof of the mouth, and
lost his left ove as a result.
DEMENTED WOMAN ESCAPES
FROM HER GUARDIAN
Government purveys placed Angel Island
in Marin County.
BAN RAFAEL, Feb. 9.— ls Angel Island
in Marin or San Francisco Coumy? This
is the question that Is agitating the minds
of Coroners Cole of San Francisco and
Eden of Marin. So sure Is Eden that the
oodles washed ashore on the island are
nis that he has decided to cue Coroner
Cole and Deputies Flynn and Flanigan
for the expenses incurred, amounting to
530, in his expedition in search of Burton
>\ . Hardiman's remains this morning. In
this view of the question he is backed up
by the opinion of County Surveyor Rich
ardson. The Surveyor says that the
county survey maps show the island to
be, with the exception of a few feet of
beach, in Marin County. On the other
hand. Us residents vote in the Forty-fifth
District of San Francisco. Eden, who had
been notified of the discovery of Hardi
man's remains last night. left for Angel
Island In a launch this morning only to
find the body gone. Deputies Flynn and
Flanipan were discovered to be the body
snatchers and Eden, boiling with rage,
went to San Francisco to have an ex
planation. After a heated controversy,
Thomas Walsh, secretary of the Election
Commissioners, was telegraphed to in re
gard to which county could claim the isl
and. He replied it was in San Francisco
County.
Eden, when seen to-night, stated that
this was not the first time that corpses
had been lifted from under his very nose,
ac it were. He declared emphatically that
he will be reimbursed for expenses of
his fruitless expedition. District Attor
ney Mclsaac and the Coroner had a con
sultation to-night, and as a result a suit
will be filed in a few days to compel Cole
and his deputies to reimburse the county
for Its expenses in the matter.
PAID FOR POSITIONS
WHICH DID NOT EXIST
Men Arrested for Vagrancy in Marin
County Claim They Were
Swindled.
Ep*c!al DiFDatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 9.-If their state
ments be true several unfortunate men,
who within the last few days have been
j arrested as vagrants, are the victims of
ALAMEDA, Feb. 9.— A search is being
nafle by the pollc* for Mrs. L«opoldlna
Lorber. a demented woman, who disap
peared on December 26 while under the
care of Mrs. Johanna Kower, 2204 San An
tonio avenue.
Mrs. Lorber was committed to the Napa
Insane asylum from San Francisco three
years ago. Mrs. Kower became Interested
in the unfortunate and secured permission
from the asylum authorities to take her
to her home in October last. Mrs. Lorber
remained with Mrs. Kower until the day
after Christmas, when she suddenly
dropped out of sight, taking with her J5
¦which had been presented as a ptft.
Mrs. Lorber Is a na;ive of Austria, about
45 years old. She brooded over 'the fact
that she had beea sent to an insane asy
lum and continually talked of suing the
B- s j*lura management for damages.
» ¦» ¦
BORNE TO THE GRAVE
BY SORROWING CADETS
OAKLAND, Feb. S.— There was a very
larpe attendance of friends at the funeral
ct Thomas J. McMenomy. which was held
to-day from St. Columba's Church, in
Golden Gate. Company N, League of the
Cross Cadets, of which McMenomy was a
r-.emlier. escorted the body to the place of
lutes-scent In St. Mary's Cemetery. Pre
vious to the so'emn requiem mass at the
church by Rev. Father \Vhyte private
t-orvlces were held at the family resi
dence. Six members of the League acted
a 5 pallbearers. The floral tributes were
many.
anotner employment Tjureau extortion
scheme.
For several days trainmen on the line
of tho California Northwestern Railroad
have been pestered with men attempting
to steal rides from Ukiah to Tiburon.
Early this morning Constable George
Agnew, who had received notification of
the presence of the would-be free passen
gers on the Ukiah freight, captured sev
eral of them.
They were taken before Judge Gardner
this morning and charged with vagrancy.
All pleaded not guilty and In reply to the
court's questions told a pitiful story of
their alleged fleecing at the hands of a
prominent San Francisco employment bu
reau. They stated that lured by the prom
ise of employment blazoned forth on bul
letin boards and in want "ads" they had
gone to the San Francisco intelligent
offices. •-'-' \
Here they were assured of receiving a
Job on payment of a fee, which they pro
duced. The next day they were told that
there was a job at Ukiah, for which sev
eral men were needed, the wages to be $1
and found. Upon arrival at Ukiah the
duped and penniless men found the prom
ised Job to be a myth and that they were
out the fee they had paid and their rail
way fare. They attempted to beat their
way home again on the freight.
Judge Gardner was convinced that the
prisoners spoke the truth and discharged
them from custody with good advice and
something more substantial. The men
state that they intend to lay the matter
before the Chief of Police of San Fran
cisco.
BURGLARIES AT MONTEREY.
j Many Stores Looted Early in the
Evening.
Divorced From Deserters
OAKLAND. Feb. ?.— Maria Rosebro was
framed a divorce to-day from Walter E.
Rosebro on the ground of willful deser
ftlon. She was permitted to resume her
rnal<3en name. Maria Rodgers. The par
tlrs wer* marri*^i in October, IS&S. Mary
Joseph Marshall was also granted a di
vorce from Antonia Marshall on the
rround? of willful neglect and desertion.
They were married in ISTS and resided at
Decoto.
;
Agard Estate Is Insolvent
OAKLAND. Feb. s.— Although the es
tate of A. H. Agard was appraised in
ISS4 at $25,000. there is no likelihood that
the legacies r.amed In the will can be paid
There has been such a remarkable
Fhrinksro that the estate is to-day valued
at ]p66 than HJUOOO. and the final report
of Executors YV. M. Duval and D M
Kont chow* the estate to be insolvent
isakir.g it possible to pay only 23 2-3 per
rent on the Indebtedness allowed against
the estate.
*-•«
r>pec.ai Lnspaten to The Call.
MONTEREY, Feb. 9.-The most daring
burglaries that have occurred here since
the days of Vasquez were perpetrated
in this city before 10 o'clock last night,
four stores being entered and money and
merchandise being carried off. The Nash,
vllle Students were playing- at Bagbvs
Opera-house and practically all the .shops
were deserted, their owners and clerks
closing early in order to attend the show-
In every case there Js evidence that the
burglars were waiting at the rear of the
shops until the occupants should leave
and entered by the back door or window
as soon as the shopmen went out the front
door. Tills were broken open and all
available cash v»as taken, besides quanti
ties of cigars, tobacco, groceries and
whisky. The entire extent of the loss Is
not known, but It is estimated at several
hundred dollars. The places broken into
were Pierces hardware store, Schaufele
Brothers' saloon, Urbanas & Co.'i? grocery
store and Thomas Doud's butcher shop.
The officers have a clew to the burglars,
but no arrests have yet been made.
—
Death of Mrs. J. A. Badger.
OAKLAND, Feb. 9.— Mrs. Jane A Bad
rer, widow of the late Captain Thomai
Bacger, died to-day at her home. 553 Sev
enth etr#>et. She had been an invalid sev
eral years. Mrs. Badger was 65 years old
and a pioneer of this State and "Oakland.
1 • -
CORONER EDEN'S MISTAKE
Claimed Angel Island as Part of the
Territory < f Marin County.
Corcner Eden of Marin County called
m the Coroner'B offlc* yesterday morning
er.fl flemnr.flea of Deputy Coroner Mee
han fc>o as a fine for poaching on his pre
serves. He allied that the drowned
Vcx3y cf Burton Hardiman, taken by the
Baa Francisco Coroner from Angel Island
on the day before, was under h's juris
diction, h« (Eder.) having located Angel
JElanfl within the boundaries of Marin
County. Yesterday morning he had hired
a eieaai launch and had gone to Angel
Island only to find that the body had
been taken away.
Deputy Meefcan called up tho Regis
trar over the telephone and Inquired as
t0 J^ 6^ BtatUB °f Angel Island politically
ar.fl the Registrar replied that all the
:e.aad« of the bay were within the city
and county of San Francisco and that
residents of Acgel Island had always
voted In th!» city. Coroner Eden disputed
the proportion. He eaid he didn't care
what th« Registrar f-ald and that the
TWELVE YEARS FOR RODLEY.
Notice of Appeal Served as Soon as
Sentence Is Pronounced.
OROVILLE. Feb. 9.— Dr. J. E. Rodley
wm brought before the Superior Court
this forenoon at 10 o'clock and asked if
he had any reason to give why sentence
should not be pronounced upon him. Hi 3
counsel, George D. Collins, asked for a
new trial, which was refused.
Collins then gave notice of an appeal to
the Supreme Court, and in a short speech
gave his reasons for afklng for the new
trial and the appeal. He served notice of
arrest of judgment on the Sheriff of the
county, po the prisoner will not be taken
to San Quentin. He stated before the sen
tence was pronounced that he desired a
trial at once on the charge of forgery.
The District Attorney asked that tha
charge against him be dismissed. This
wa« consented to by Mr. ColUnf. and tho
doctor was then sentenced to twelve yearn
in San Quentin.
Stephen Crane's best short
story will appear in next Sun
day's Call.
VERDICT FOB DEFENDANTS.
POSTUM CEEEAL.
BISHOP M C CABE.
T_« Famous Minister's Experience
¦ With Coffee.
The well-known Bishop said to one of
his friends, tonic years ago: "I was a
eireat sufferer from severe headaches,
and at times after traveling many miles
to dedicate a church or perform some
other important duty, found myself con-
fined to a bed when the time came, and
was unable to carry out my work. I
finally discovered that when I left off
coffee for a few days the headaches dis-
appeared, and by further experiment
discovered that the coffee was undoubt-
edly the cause of the difficulty, which
finally entirely disappeared when I left
off coffee altogether."
The person to whom this remark was
made is Mrs. Amy K. Glass, wife of a
Methodist minister at Kolf, la. She
says: "My own experience with coffee
was very convincing. I was grown up
before I ever drank coffee, but was ad-
vised by a friend (who meant it kindly)
to use weak tea and coffee, because a
warm drink aided digestion. I soon
thereafter commenced to have nervous
and sick headaches; could not believe it
was the coffee.
"My husband, who had suffered from
dyspepsia while a young man in college
and found relief by leaving off coffee,'
often told me he was satisfied my head- j
aches were caused by coffee, so I gave j
up the coffee and took up Postum Cereal
Food Coffee. The change taught me in I
a most convincing manner that coffee
was the cause of the headaches, but now
I have an equally good coffee in Pos-
tum, and its health-giving properties
are simply undeniable. Our little chil-
dren use Postum regularly and go off to I
school as healthy and happy as children i
should. If ever husband or myself take j
a drink of weak coffee at an evening i
gathering or church social we are kept I
awake until past the middle of the night. I
Yours for health." |
I End of the Santa Rosa Water Works
Case.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 9.— The celebrated
water works accounting case ended to
day and the Jury returned a verdict in
favor of the individual defendants. The
verdict found that the water system was
worth JI9O.CKW at the time the city took
possession, in December, 1836, and that the
vaJue of the work and material used In
construction was *161,000.
MILLIONAIRE'S SUICIDE.
Brewer August Horrcnann Kills Him
self While Insane.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— August Horr
mann. president of the Rubsam & Horr
mann Brewing Company of Stapleton, S.
1., commlttrd euiclde to-day by cutting
his tJ.rcat with a razor in a private sani
tarium in this city, where he had been
placed for treatment for tome mental
trouble. Horrmann was also president of
the Staten Island Savings Bank. He was
a millionaire, owning more than two
thirds of the stock of that company.
Debate on the War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 9.-Santa Clara High
School defeated the San Jose High School
in a Joint debate before 2000 people at the
State Normal Hall this evening. The sub
ject was: "Resolved, That England is
Justified in her war against the Boers."
Santa Clara had the negative and was
represented by George M. Therlot. Frank
Roehr and Augustine Jones. San Jose
High School was upheld by B. R Cox
W. M. Burrell and Miss Edna Hecker'
The subject was ably handled.
A Youthful Thief.
PETALUMA. Feb. 9.-John Austin
Hooper, a lad 18 years of age, whose
parent* reside in this city, was yesterday
arrested on a charge of larceny, preferred
by his grandfather, A. B. Case. At the
trial to-day the boy pleaded guilty and
was sentenced to three years In the In
dustrial School at lone. The boy was once
before- in the reform school In Wisconsin.
Logger Decapitated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, Feb. 9.— Thomaa Herman,
a logger, was decapitated to-day at Rossi
Camp, on Boise River. A log jumped from
the skid as It was coming down the moun
tain side and striking him on the bead
took It off.
POLICE AVERT
WELL PLANNED
JAIL DELIVER!
Saws and Opium in
Prison Yard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 9.
A well matured plot to effect a whole-
Bale Jail delivery at the City Prison was
frustrated to-day by the discovery of a
full -complement of sawa and necessary
tools that .were to have been smuggled
into the prison.
It was a chance discovery made by Po
lice Captain Wilson. The captain was at
tending a trial in the Police Court on the
second floor of the City Hall, when hta
attention was attracted by a peculiar
noise in the jail yard at the rpar of the
building. Opening a window off th« jury
room, he saw a package that had b*en
thrown over the nigh fence by unknown
parties and which had alighted on one
of the ledges running along the walls of
the building juet above the prison.
With the assistance of Officer Curtis,
the day jailer, the package was secured.
It contained two fine steel «aw 9 and a
considerable quantity of opium.
It is supposed that the package was to
be secured: by certain prisoners during
their exercise hour in the yard.
Some of the toughest crooks that ever
infested this city are at present lodged
in tho City Prison. . ;
WEAVER WORKING
IN A NEW FIELD
Notorious "Commodore"
Now at Samoa.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
APIA, Samoa. Jan. 10.— The Eliza Miller,
laden with lumber and a general cargo, is
now lying here discharging. It is rumored
that Captain Tllley and Mr. Chambers,
one of the engineer officers stationed at
Tutuila, have assumed direction of affairs
up. there. If they have done so they have
probably exceeded their authority, as no
transfer has yet taken place nor has any
public notice been given out that political
changes have been made or how they are
to operate. The prospects for a good trade
next season are excellent, and most per-
Bons look hopefully forward and fully ex
pect that the new officials will do all trey
can to make this part of the Emperor s
territories prosperous and peaceful.
The notorious "Commodore" N. J.
Weaver, an account of whose career on
the high seas was recently published in
The Sunday Call, has made his appear
ance at Apia. With his usual facility for
impressing strangers he appears to nave
made himself "Bolid w in the South Sea
metropolis. As an evidence of the impres
sion he created the following extract from
the letter of a correspondent will prove
interesting:
About the beginning; of December the yacht
N'orna arrived here frcm Honolulu via Fan
ning;* Island, in command of Commodore N. J.
Weaver of the New York Tacht Club. This
vessel is certainly the finest craft of her size
that haa ever visited these islands. .
Commodore Weaver, after investigating the
cacao business here and after interviewing tne
different authorities, many whites and numer
ous natives of importance, decided to start
here probably the largest and most complet*
cacao rlantatlon In the whole world. About
SOOO acres of land, situated ten miles east or
Apia, haa been secured, and contracts for the
preliminary clearing of the place will be imme
diately let, and no doubt other lands up to 10.000
or 12.000 acres In all will be secured. The prop
erty ie traversed by numerous ninnlng streams,
and several fine falls supply unlimited power.
The valley which has been secured is composed
of a rich alluvial ¦ soil, and Is almost level.
Electric trolley lines will gridiron the whole
plantation, making every section available for
use and rendering the work as easy as pos
6 The commodore left In the N'orna for Auck
land on the 27th lnst., after placing the man
agement of his affairs In the hands of H. J.
grand entertainment was Riven for the
benefit of the uniform fund of the com
pany, of which Captain William C. Hop
per is the commander. Rev. Cornelius E.
Kennedy opened the proceedings with a
few well chosen remarks. The various
numbers were excellently rendered by
Sergeant James O'Brien, Vincent Ken
nedy. Edward E. Moore, Misses Mabel
and Kettle Johnson, James C. O'Donnell,
Drum Major Frank Pohl and Will G.
Judge. The chorus was supplied by the
Cathedral Choral, consisting of Julia
Cunningham, Mabel Quatman, Annie Sul
livan, Loretta-Fenton.- E. J. Burns. W.
j. Rattigan, B. L. HcKinley and B. C.
Deasy. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
LBATB — FftOM DZCXIIBU IS. 1339. — ABUTS
•7:00 a Rer.ldi. Enlsun, Elmlra. VaearQleL
Ru_seyand Hacn_er.to *7»43>
•TiOOa. Sbaeta Express— DarU, Willowa,
Bed Bluff. Pcrtlacd «7r13»
¦7>3Oa Martinez, ban Uamco. Vallejo. Naps
. •• Call* tor* acil Hanta Ucsa. ¦•>lO*>
¦B:3Oa Tha Overlirid Limited— Osdeo. De_«
Ter. Omaha. Chicago •3«I3»
•BiSOa Bait Ju*e, LiTercnore. Stockton,
lone. Hacramento. Flacerrtilat
MuryaTille. Chico. Uetl Bluff Mill*
•SsSO a •Milton. Oaidaleaud Sonera «4t13»
•!#:OO* Tlsywanls, Kil?s anil Way Stations. '11:13 a
•0:OOa Da»i.-, Woodland. KtlihU Landing.
MarysTille, Uro«ll!p. *7:«»
• 9:00* Atlantis Kxpre_— Osden and East *9>4T3a.
•9:00.i Martinez, Tracy. La Uirop, Stockton,
Mcrctlaaill'rcsao *12:13>
•UiOVa Port Costs. I'reano, Mojavs aud Los
Anuelrs # «j43f
•IO:OOi Vullojo, Martlnexand Way Stations •6r*3r
•I I :«oa Haywarda, Kile* art) Way Stations. *2ii3*
•12:0'J_ NiIPS, LiTermore, Stockton, hacra- -
aaroto. Men data. Llanford, VLuIU,
Porterrlllo Mils*
fl:O«r> Bacramento ltlTerSte«ra«rs fSt«4)»
•3:00p ITaywards. N'les and Way Stations. *3<43»
«4<Ot>r Martinez. Kan llanioii. Vallejo,
Naps, Callatoga, Houta Hosa *9sl9a
•4:Oi>r Benlcia, V_ca»U!». Hacramento,
Woodland, Ki-.ijhu Landtag,
Marystllle. Orotilio «IO:«a
•4i3O* Nllea, Han JoseanU Stockton *7il3r
•3:ttttrThs Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno,
BakersQeld. baugo* (cr Santa. Bar-
bara, Los Angeles. *I*i4B_
«5:00p Sacset liirlted— El Paso, New Or-
leans and East «I«i43a
•DiaOr Stockton, Merce.l. Fresno «12j13»
•3:30p Fresno, UakeraUeld. Kant* TUrhara,
Los Angeles. IVmlng. £1 Paao,
New Orleau* and East *Bi49a
•3i3or Santa lo ltonte— Atlautlo Eipresi
forMojate and Jiut.. *e:-«3F
•o:oop riaywards, XilesandSan Jos* # 7s*."»a
fOiaor Vallejo M2ilSp
•oi3»p Oriental Mall— Ogden and East *t»i3or
17x00? Vcllcjo. Perk CosU and Way Sta-
tion*. J»i33»
*BiO3r Oregon and California Uzprem.Hao.
rameuto. MarjsTillD, kiil.llntr.
Portlaiwi. Piuat HfwiiiJ an.l Kaat *3»15a
*Ssl3ANetrark.Centeriille,BaaJo3o,FeltoD,
liou! tier Creek.Sauta Cnu and Way
Stations # 3i3«f
12i Lip Newark. Centerttlle. Ban Jos*. N«w
AlmadeD, Fclton. Itoalder Creek,
BanU Cm* and I'rindpal Way
BtaUoDS fl»iB«a
M:l3p Newark. Han Jo««. Los Gato*. M>:2oa
IllitSp Hnnters' Excursion, San Jos* and
Way Stations $7i»O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FroaSH H»RCISCO— Foot of Kirtit Slrtst (Slia B)—
•7:15 9:00 11KXH.M. tI:S3 *2:53 thSi
•«:C3 t5:53 •6:C3r.«.
fnaiOlUllD— F«»l«rßre»d»tT.— 'fl:oo 8:00 10:00».».
tI2:C3 *I:C3 t2:S3 »3:C3 t«:C3 «B:C:>.M.
16: ¦Ot Ocean View, Mouth bin I'rancUco.. fU:3Or
•7:00 a Hsu Jos* nml Way Stations (.New
Almaden \Vednsld_j9ouly) •ItSO
••OrOBA Han Jose. Tres Vluos, Haut* tint,
' VarlCc Orofe. I'aso Uubles, Man
f 1 >n i.i Olilnpo, Snrf. Lompoo ami
Principal Way Statlnus Mil«r
¦lOiIOa San JoseaaJ Way Stations •«i>.Xla
•lIiSOa San Jnss ami Way Htatlous •3<30»
, tartar San Mateo. ltedwood, Uenlo Park,
X'alo Alto. Santa Clan. 8a» .loan,
Tre* Pino*. Baitta Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey ami Paciflo Grov* tlO:n«»
.XilMtr Saa Jose and Way Stations *7:30 v
«f :I3p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations •9*f3«
<3:OOp Ban Jose sod Principal Way Stations t"-':OO»
*.1:30r San Joie ao>l Principal Way Stations •*:."M*
•O::iOp Saa Jose an.l Way Stations t •».«<» A
lll:43r San Josa ami Way Stations »7t3or
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Dally. t Sumlay exeepted. I bunday cn!y.
6 Saturday on'y.
_X>etdan and Fridays . « Thursdays and Bandar*.
Terr ¦snail a__ _• eusj'
to take as arcg&i v
l* ADTr n* o lFoß HEADACHE.
UAsil LIU) FOR DIZZINESS.
f9 lynx FOR BIUOUSHESS.
H IVPR FOR TORPID LIVER.
H PILLS Foa CONSTIPATIOR.
mIIm for sauow skin.
m^em [for thecomplexioh
25 csrt» I Por-ty Teg»taLl*x£**fc~«£s>^_.
9SA_* FRANCISCO CALL.
ETFTKEPS OFFICE of the San Franc!B«*o
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
tmttl JJ o'clock every night !n th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; cpen until 9.10 p. m.
t?G Hayea rtreet; cren until »:30 p. m.
ra McAllister street; open ontll t:S9 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; cpen until »:S0 p. m.
JMI MlJ«+cn «treet: cpen until 10 p. ra.
r?CI Market tUeet, corner Sixteenth: open
cntii 1 p. m.
106 Eleventh »tr^t: cr*n until » B. m.
3^96 A'alencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
IiZS Polk street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Xorth-reEt corser of Twenry-eecond and Ken- |
tnrky rtre*ty. ryn untl! 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. C 7, I. O. /t
0. F.— Members will assemble in En- y
carrpnu-nt Hall on SUNDAY. Feb. 1L S\
_t 12 m. to attend the funeral of our^ x
late Patriarch. 11. ANDERSON.
J. T. McGHEE. C. P.
HXCEL6IOR Degree Lodge No. 3. -i!_*K^>
I 0.0 F. - Regular ir.f»ft!ng 4»iS2S?s*=
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. '^?>S?~Z~
Pecond dejree. * , .
A. K. KINGSFORD. P. M.
YEItBA BUENA Lodce No. 13, I. <J_*stjto>_
<). O. F.. will ir.<*et SUNDAY. -§2£ivS»£:
Ft-b. 11. at 1 p. m.. for the pur-
pr-ac of conducting the funeral of *V". .
our late brother. TH. GAY.
J. D. SCHLOEN. Noble Grand.
OFFICERS and members of -<"ff4jft!fr>
Franco- American Lodge No. 207, r=*y'2_§X_-
1. O. O. F.. are hereby requested 7
to meet at their lodreroom. Odd ¦"*
Fellow*' Hall, corner Beventh and Market
eta.. MONDAY. February O. at 1:23 o - clock.
for the purpoee of attending the funeral of
our late b*>!ov«d brother. Part Grand ALEX
LEON AUR.AIX)U. By order of
EUG. DAUCHER, Noble Grand.
PAN FRAN"CIS<X) Shipwright?' Association— A
•¦pedal meeting will be held on MONDAY,
Feb. J2 at 8 p. m., at Red Men's Hall. 3tO
Poet rt.; business of importance: members are
earnestly requested to attend.
J. HOWSON. Bee.
BORROW on diamonds : eecrecy; private en-
trar.ee: private -my. Tr»-> Hurri*. 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
rr.OF. A. MASERT cf Egypt, greatest astrolo-
glet and palmist in the world: satisfaction
ruaranf^d <S7 <V»liVn O«t» aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAAA r .
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no chair* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEKZnACn. attorney at law. has re-
rurnxS practice at TfZ Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. B. aAP.K. Krrma Ppreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket *t. : cTi>';ltatlpn free: no fe»s in advance
BICYCLES— For Sale or Excbanre.
BARGAINS— Seoond-hand Elmore. $10; Mon-
arch, $12 50; Wolff-American. $15; National.
SIS: March. f!6; Victor. $20; Remington. J22 50;
Columbia, $:3, $23. t27 tO; Crar tandem. $25.
1570 Pace St.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEir~LA~~NOR3JANPII : :. 326 Eddy— Sunny
eultes and single rooms; everything new; hot
water la every room: flrFt-class table and
service; telephone Sutter 1471.
THE WALLACE. 944 Van Ness ave.— Ju«
ojiened; new!y furnlshfd family hotel; finest
location; excellent table; rates by the month,
week or day; reasonable.
>.'EU" family hotel; first-clars in all appoint-
ments; excellent table: ppecial inducements to
select people. *07 California Bt., occupying
rora»r opposite Grace Church.
"BEIXJP.AVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny ru'tey; best r*>ard: 2. J."* up: single. $_! 50.
HYDE. 2?? (The Salisbury)— Large *umy items
with board: en puite or sine!e: reason_b!e.
LAS PALMAS. l«: 0 Market St.— Suite of 2 or J
rmr.: private; bath: tin. ras.: f>oard optional.
OFAr.Ri;i.l>, 742 — Clran. comfortable rooms;
pood home cocking: special rates to gents.
BOKP.OW en pianos, furniture, diamonds,
r'Bi"t;r.sr!>: mititJLf. Tnrl« Harris. 13 Grant ay.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
Uso^ißANclTTiLkei7 and candy store; beat
part of the Mission: 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; given away. M. LESS. 766 Market st.
$200— BRANCH bakery, notions and variety
atore; north of Market; 4 living rooms; rent
$18; must be sold at once. M. LESS. .60 Mkt.
$350— STATIONERY, confectionery, schoolbooks
and lunchrooms; Western Addition; near 7
schools; owner going away. M. LkSS. .fa aim.
$IU»O— THE best grocery and bar In Western
Addition: must be cold this week; sickness
compels sacrifice. M. LESS. 765 Market at.
FOR rent— Largf basement saloon: fine location
downtown; newly fitted up; electric llg.ns.
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
FOR SALE— Good paying hotel Property In
country. For further particulars address O.
LAMPSON. Paloma, Cal.. via % alley Spring.
$IGSO-CASH or security; grocery and bar: good
location: fine stock; no agents wanted, ln-
qulre 30 Lily aye.
WANTED— Mercantile business and home in
come small live city In Southern California.
S. J. HARRISON. 1309 Howard Bt.
BALDWIN Annex saloon and business Includ-
ing Ion? leaee. for eale. Inquire of JOHN
SP.OT.'FE. SOS Market et.. chairman of com.
GROCERY and bar: 4 living-rooms and a table;
rent low; price reasonable. Apply 4jS Clem-
entina Bt. ':.•-*
$115-SALOON and grocery; _jM*g« TO ° m ' ;
rent $14; muat tell at once. 921 V* Howard at.
AVANTED— Contract for purchase of grain from
a brewery. Apply 326 Clementina Bt.
GOOD-PAYING 15c barber shop for rale;
cheap. Corner Sixteenth and Market ata.
$SCKV— SALOON and boarding house; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply 127 Golden
Gate aye., cor. Leavenworth.
COAL OIL route for eale. cheap: parties going
away. Apply office Crystal Oil Co., 312 Capp
at., near Eighteenth^ ' ¦ ;; :
BARGAIN for buying or celling saloons or any
business ; fair treatment Liquor Dealers
Journal, E394 California Bt.. room 1.
SALOON at Third St.. near Market: fine trade
cheap If sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers
Journal. 533H California at., room 1.
BARBER shop for Bale; cheap. Apply next to
Hoover 1 s candy Btore. Fourth St.. San Rafael.
FRUIT store: 3 living rooms; large barn: best
location; owner going away. Apply Call office.
WANTED— A saloon or grocery etore : must be
chea p for cash. Box 2632. Call office.
BRANCH bakery: candy: notion and cigars;
must sell this week. Inquire 1118 Market at.
FOR PALE— EI Monte Bakery: SW. cor. Sac-
ram tntoandLy__ißts^Jr__u_«____p_em2___
BRANCH bakery and notion store: doing good
business; suitable for bakery. 1606 Folsom.
DRUGGIST with email capital as partner la
drug store. • Box 7543, Call office.
ROUTE of 844 par*rs on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento at
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt^ ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. : open till t> p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rts.: open until 9 p.m.
CARRIAGES AND AA'AGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over liO
pets cf harness will be sold at half oost. as
the bUFineFS must be closed. 1140 Fslsom et..
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of wagonr, buggies, carts, harnesa.
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
NEW bugßT and harness for Bale cheap. S.
W.. corner Fifteenth and Mission Bts.
FOR Rale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter at.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, bugcies, carta & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
DENTISTS. ' " '
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market Bt.. over Cafe Zdnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 E0 up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $S; a
full eet of teeth, on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
fpecialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
¦ have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up* plates, extractions free; $4 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday*. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market et.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
rpecialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 A'alencla: dental
work reaa. : painless extraction: hours 9 to 5.
A'AN ATlOOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1 Market st.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. a.
YOUNG. 3541 Polk st.
OHTO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate op-ra-
tor»i: open eveninsrs and Sundays. 850 Market.
"^ DOG T 'VSPtTAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $t 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Went 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE ALP'S Bui^iSirColieE«r24"Post at.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering. etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladies and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
ealt water and swimmini; tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis ats. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend/ .
JOSEPH GREA'EN. Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest In short time. 1236 Market St.. r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL etudents but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, olvll, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, asf-ay, archi.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
MANDOLIN and guitar thoroughly taught; rea-
sonable. 733 Guerrero st.
A'IOLIN. mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 100S MlsElon;best methods, results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFilippe'a Acad-
emy of languages,32oPost;est.lS7l;ablestprofs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' BuslneFS College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission.nr. 6th.
DANCING, ballroom or Btage. quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED— MALE).
GENTLEMAN, experienced In conveyancing,
Insurance, bookkeeping or any office work,
desires employment. Address box 2702, Call
ofllce. Oakland. ¦
FIRST-CLASS laundryman wishes position In
the city; washer and ironer. Address 413
Powell. st.. . . .
WANTED— Situation as gardener (flower),
greenhouse, propagation, etc.; also outside
work; reference given. Box 2677, Call ofllce.
JAPANESE, good cook, speaks English freely
and understands general housework, wanta
position in city or country. Address FRANK,
Japanese Y. M. C. A., 121 Haight at.
MARRIED man wishes a situation as day or
night watchman; good reference. Address
box 2680. Call office.
MARRIED man. steady and reliable, wanta
• work of any kind. A. 8.. box 2673. Call. ,
BARKEEPER: firat-clasa experienced man;
beet olty refere-ces. Address letters O. D..
209 Valencia Bt. --,_-•;-.¦"•:
ENGINEER with flrst-clasa license wanta po-
• sltlon; city or country. Address box 2658. Call.
WANTED— Young man as waiter. New Wash-
ington Hotel, Fourth and Harrison sta.
WANTED— Situation as coachman and gar-
dener or foreman on fruit ranch; competent
In every kind of orchard and vineyard work;
general gardening; extensive California ex-
perience. Address \ Dechent's Nursery. 14
Point Lobos aye.; telephone Jackson 622.
SITUATION wanted by young single man,
age 30 years; flrst-claas grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator: ten years In last position;
from the East; could fill a private place:
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER. Bell
Conservatory Company, Sacramento. Cal.
A NEAT Japanese 'speaks English fluently)
wishes position In office or store: references.
Box 2627. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general office man: Al references furnished.
Address box 384. Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncl« Harris. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C-U branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCHfofflce for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
. at 1223 Polk at.: open until t p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubacrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky Ftw.; open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician,
10714 Market St.: examination free; German
eyewater by mall. BOc. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO ™^
FOR adults, 4 comfortable rooms; bath, toilet,
coal and gas stoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st. .
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
GROVE, 860— Upper sunny corner flat of 4
rooms and bath. '
SUTTER, 26204— Sunny UPP« flat, • roomi,
bath; modern: rent $25.
TO LET— Modern sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25. Inquire on premises, 353 Devlsadero
at., corner Oak.
UPPER flat; 6 rooms; near Park. 614 Shrader
street.
5-ROOM flat; sunny belt; rent $16. Apply 261«
Mission st. or 844 Capp.
$7 EO— UPPER fiat of 4 rooms: sunny Bide. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$10—527 GROVE Bt.; 4 large rooms, yard; be-
tween Laguna and Octavia.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye..
between Goueh and Octavia sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. TTNCT-K TTATtRT?. IS Grant aye.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE 9-ronm house; reason selling,
leaving city. Address box 2638. Call.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, ail sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT^STr. HANSEN & C 0.'5....104 GEARX ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .;. ••
French second cook, hotel, south, $75; French
or Swiss fry cook, country hotel, $60 and
fare; washer, hotel laundry, country, $45 and
fare; polisher, country, $50: polisher and
atarcher, $30 -
MISCELLANEOUS •••.•
3 single hand miners, $2 50 a day; under-
ground car man, $2 a day; pruners and graft-
ers, orchards and vineyards, $26 and board;
woodchoppers, 750 to $1 60 a cord. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at. '
20 TWO and four horse railroad teamsters for
the Coast road, Santa Barbara County: free
fare: call to-day; we ship to-morrow. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED waiter, country. $35. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
MURRAY & READY....... PHONE MAIN 5544
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Rough carpenter for ranch
Ranch blacksmith helper, no Bhoelng
Gardener. Alameda Co $25 and found
Young man to milk and drive wagon.. .s2o fd
Farm hands, $20 and $26; mllkera and chore-
men; farmer and wife; camp blacksmith; 150
woodchoppers and tie makers, tools and pro-
visions furnished. MURRAY & READY, 634-
628 Clay at.
ERRAND boy who knows the city for this
office. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A SECOND baker. $35 and found: fourth baker,
$25; cooks, city and country, $30 and $40 and
found; waiters, $25. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 men to rent country hotel; man
and wife as cook and waitress, country hotel,
$50; German head waiter, $35; young man for
private family: cook, country hotel, $40; short
order cook, $35 to $40 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 mlnera. $2 50 day; blacksmith.
$2 £0 day; 2 milkers, $25, see boss here; farm-
ers, $1 day; woodchoppera. $1 60 and $1 75
cord; car man for mine, $2 day; upholsterer,
$3 day. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEIN/..
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstair*.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesale 162.
WANTED— Shoemaker. Thomas Smith, native
of England, preferred. PETER JOHNSON.
Haywarda. Cal.
WANTED— A etrictly flrst-class carpet and up-
holstery salesman for Sacramento; apply be-
tween 2 and 3 p. m. £23 Market at., room 7.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery busi-
ness and jobbing gardening; no private gar-
dener wanted. Call 500 Haight st.
BARBER wanted, Saturday and Sunday. SSI
Geary st. .
WANTED — I barbers from 4 to 10 p. m. Apply
after noon at 1205 Market st.
BARBER for Saturday. 1509H Howard st.
GOOD barber. 253 Ellis st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. HI Fourth
street.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3. (23 Clay
atreet.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1026 Hyde at.
COAT under presser: must do bushellng. H.
PLANZ & SON. 665 Geary at.
PIANO player wanted. 416 Dupont St.; call
between V- and 2.
SOO PAIRS men's Bhoea, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission et., between Ist and 2d ats.
$150— PARTNER: office work; manufacturing;
profit $75 monthly. Box 2633, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wanted:
young man about 18 or 20 years old. who can
work Remington machine: steady place in
mercantile business for right party; srate
experience, if any, salary expected and ref-
erences. Address, In own handwriting, box
2692, Call office.
BOOKBINDER; young man who can cut stock,
etc.; must be neat; steady position to right
man. Address P. H., box 2634, Call office,
giving » alary, experience and references.
GENERAL all-around blacksmith; state wages
expected, give references and ability. Napa
Machine Works, Napa, Cal.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School, 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
HOUSE 9 TO LET.
a— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HAVES, southwest corner Pevlsadero— S room"
and bath; modern Improvements: reasonable.
TO let-Furnished or unfurnished: »«Ib«
house of 10 rooms. KJ
Union at. Inqulr* A. DECOURTEUX. w»
Merchant at. ¦ .
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
~~~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST-3 passbooks with The Hibernia Savinp
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
nam«T of CATHERINE BRIDGWOOD JAS^
BRIDGWOOD and CATHERINE BRIDG-
WOOD or MARY A. BRIDGWOOD; No.
209-1361. ISO-354. 171-BS9. The finder will please
return to bank. :
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. $Jt n «
S2me of JOSHUA H. STALLARD. or AVTLL
ANN. M. GORDON STALLARD: No 1«-
1472. The finder will please return to banK.
GRAY leather bag containing purse, eyeglasses
etc.: reward. Return corner Marlposa ana
Missouri sts. _______——————•
FOUND— A greyhound; describe. Box 2695.
Call office.
MODEL 61. No. 375. Sterling bicycle. Return
410 Larkln at., and receive reward.
LOST— Near Folaom and Flr»t sts., pocketbook.
letters and papers. Reward at 602 Howard st.
LOST— GoId watch; engraved B. S. on case.
Return to 2230 Paciflc aye.: reward.
BORROW on diamonds: perfect tecrecy: prl-
vate entrance. T*n"Tp TTarrl«. 15 Grant ay».
MEDICAL.
DR? and "mRsT~KOHL, the only reliable ladles'
physicians and specialists of long and suc-
cessful practice: private home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: best of care;
guaranteed treatment at ofilce. $5: aafe and
reliable; consultation free. 1122 Market st..
between Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 A'an Ness aye.. haa re-
turned from Europe with advanced knowl-
edge; guaranteed treatment $5; safe and re-
liable cure in one day; 15 years' practice tn
S. F. : maternity home: low fees. 1007H Mkt.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; rafe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consul tat ion free: success guaranteed.
Write or call ar 1023H Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment: consultation free. 943
Post at., between Hyde and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C23 Market, ladles' «pec!al-
lst; guaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies' upeciallst. 1113 Market
at.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlrate horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde
and Larkln; hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to ».
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bc€y. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address tn the.
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
ENTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of- I
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. ll)17-101')-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1043 Mission st.
A NEAT solitaire diamond stud for $3, worth !
$20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
A RAMBLER tandem; In good condition; new
tires; will sell cheap. 742 O'Farrell st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission st., near 15th.
MOXKY TO LO._Jf.
$S0 TO $30,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. :
any proposition. PRYPKN. 413 Montgomery:
ny furniture pianos, without removal: JJ^
°coinm?sslon; private. LICK. US McAllister?
ns. vn ,iT DroDerty «• mortgaged and you need
'^oTmonersee H. MURPHY. CO Market ,t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorsed;
MONEY AVANTED.
\v r ANT""Vo"^b^ : row~TfcCo^r2 yearsY aecuTi^T
M^SICAI^IVSTRUMENTSr^
Z. )y ,;?* th»y can be exchanged for a St?-.nw ly
?"enth and Broadway. Oakland.
1 *z<zr>T T'TFLY the oldest and largest hoi.»t
A w^?t of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE *
5 IS and 30 O'Farrell at.; pianos organs „.!
all other musical instruments of all gra.l-,
and prices; terms easy; prlce3 lowest; every-
thing possible don* to pleas* and satisfy UM
customer.
KVABE piar.o*.: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
TU r K».r is always cheapest. Th» Decitw
T & Son is best Agency at MAUVAIS'. IO
Market at.
A FULL line of pianos and organs. n«w m,*
second hand, fcr cash or Installment*, at
MAUVAIS. 769 Market at.
L\PGE stock orßaldwln and other standlTi
pianos- price- reduced to Insure prompt aaie».
WCT HAMILTON. 324 Post at.
(0 SLIGHTLY used high and medium gn-U
?° „,. .necial discounts for cash: open Sat.
gvenlngs%eme Piano Mfg. Co.. 135 Ell!, ,t.
A FEW more pianos will be sold this week far
storage, cheap for cash; correspondence ao:<fr.
"ted? $40 up. Wilson's Storaga. 1710 Market.
pii\*n<; taken In to rent or sell, free fro^a
Fl ,£rfge chlrges Room 12. Flood building
VIOLIN strings. 4 cents. 25 Stockton St.: old
gold bought.
W G BADGER. 412 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A P-vl» plaaos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer planoa. Spencw
w'arerooms. .SIS Market st.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright: aacriaced.
KEEFFE'9. 1019 van Ness aye.. nr. Gea-y it.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; c-tas.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister at.
BARGAIN-Cood upright: cheap SCH_UT_; 11
McAllister at., next Hlbernta Bank.
SUPERIOR violins. «ither». old and n«— . H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p.ace.
CHEAPEST and txjst in America— Tha Weekly
CalC 1* pages, aent to any addreas In th»
United States or Canada on* year for p.
postage paid.
"OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
UNION-SQUARE building. oppo«lt« City of
Parts. Stockton and Geary ats.— Elegant ntw
offices and atores.'
426 TURK st.. near Larkln. $18; 173 Fourt- «_.
near Harrison. $20^
STORE 3 rooms to let. NW. cor. Union and
Leavenworth sta.. nr. the Unlon-st. carhouat.
CORNER store. 441 Oak St.. cor. Buchanan;
rent $25. Inquire 420 Buchanan st.
$20— STORE: 2 »how windows and 5 larg» rooms;
adaptxi to any tu*ine^. 422 Plxth st.
OFFICKS AVANTED^
WANTED to rent— Office with bathing accom-
modation. WM. SCHMITT. New Western
Hotel.
PAL3IISTRV.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jonea.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN of good character would 11_» to
•mppt hr.nest lady: obl»-ct. matrimony. Ad-
ISO* Ml) AND ROOMS WASTED.
ANY air.our.t tn loan you on diamonds; low In-
ter ert. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
lIO AR DING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN -ranted: rood home: German fam-
ily: ren?onable crices. Apply MRS. J.
BRANIJES. 4*4 Minna gt.
BOOKS NEAA' AND OLD.
ECHOCI"eOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hainw Bock Co.. TC4 Mission rt.. near Third.
BOOT AM) SHOE .JAfti. <t ~NS.
BABY'S chocs. sizes 2 to 6 35 cts
.•.'.• :; f working shoee, extra quality $1 25
Hoy* chocs, «izes 13H to 2 85 cts
People's £hop Store. 13C3 Stockton, nr. B.iway.
lIIMNESS CHANCES.
A— s7oo ;~CORN ER grocery ana bar with 4
rooms, on Market St.; must be cold on ac-
count of death at once; good business. R. G.
WILKE. S<j6 Market st.
A— Jlioo; BAKEIiY on Polk etreet; baking lVs
barrel; ail store trade; daily receipts above
$25; rent $2S. Call P.. O. WILKE. 9»6 Market.
A— l3fO; FRUIT store, with living rooma. on
Polk et-; splendid paying business and good
etock on hand. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— s6oo: RESTAURANT and oyster house; rent
S3i; M_rket and Jones ets.; rare chance. R.
*i. WILKE. Wrf Market Ft., corner Ellis.
A— <32S: BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms;
established 10 ytars; daily receipts $15; Bplen-
«!ld location en Larkln Bt. R. G. WILKE. 90«
Market gt.
A SALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large stock; rushing business;
no better location on East et. ; eplendid
chanoe. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— SISOO— CORNER grocery In very best part
cf tht MiKs.-n ; large Etock. 1 horse, wagon,
cart: 71 order customers; place established
years and flrst-clai-a paying. C—il R. G.
WILKE. bt* Market Et.
A—s2so;A — $250; DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
w:th I living roomt; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 506 Market.
A— s2So; PARTNER wanted in chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place cle_ring $60
for each partner. Call R, G. WILKE. JKrtl
M-rk«;t st.
6ALOOX; flret -class $1100
Grocery and bar $1500
Fine gun rtore. bicycles, etc $2100
Meat market; averages $200 a week;
horse, wagon. Icehouse, etc $€00
Meat market; averages $30 per day $400
Partner In rood office business $300
Bazaar; a fortune $700
Bazaar; the finest $2jO
Partner in machine Fhop; best proposition
in the city; worth $40"0 $2500
fiCHOTTLER & CO., 632 Market st.
A— BUYERS. ATTENTION!
FOR PALE
A flr-t-class tea end coffee Etore: well estab-
l.th'-C. all cash trade; good value for the
money. STENBEKG CO., 235 Market Bt.
A J6OO PARTNER RETIRINO
Remaining partner fine business man thor-
oughly responsible; dining-room handsomely
furnished; seats 100 people; location best ntar
Market in lar^e prominent hotel; owner going
East. ETENBEKG CO.. 935 Market st.
A-OOKXER saloon; fine place; bargain; don't
fall to see it to-day.
A— 25-rocm house: all full of good-paylcg
roomer*: muet sacrifice.
Branch hak»»ry and notlona; cause of salt
death; price $275.
A irrocery and bar; flr.e corner; must be cold
this day. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22>4 GEARY ST.
A rare opportunity; $G00; partner established
business ; clears $200 a month; acct. alcknesa.
J2COO— ELEGANT cor. Btore and modern 6-roozn
cottage: rr-ut* $30. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary,
11600 — DRAYINO express; only one In town of
4000 population ; $10,000 yearly. KREDO & CO.
CITY BUSINEJ-S EXCHANGE 79 Third st
Barsiur.s in ealoons J2OO to $1500
• ripar stores with elubrooms $100 to SLOG
Restaurants; west of Market et $125 to $500
lioominir houses; 10 to 100 rooms.
Partner; small c&pltal; paying business.
A— slso: BRANCH bakery and candy Etore. with
3 living-rooms: good trade; located near 2
fhools on business corner; cheap rent. Pa-
cisc Exchange. 1011 Market st.
SALOON— Bargain this day. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777H Market ct.
FOR sale c'.if-ap— Grocery etore, horse and
wagon; v bargain fcr man and wife. Inquire
4'J9 Sansome et.
$500— HALF Interest In fish ar.d oyster stand
in prominent market; fine trade. Address box
«SB. Call office.
FRUIT rtore cheat) if euld to-day; cause of
selling elcknesa. 10C2 Howard St.. room U.
GROCERY and bar: established 11 years; good
location; cheap. Box 2CS2. Call office.
BARBER chop with 2 chairs. E3l Green «t.
FOR rale— Restaurant and cnopbouse doing
good bußlm-gs. 6 Pclk eC
$'JIJ— FOR sale— fialocn and cigar store; every-
tnlng new. 423 Montgomery aye.
JSRANCH bakery for salt at a bargain. 1712
Mswwd ct.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson Bt.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at to per yard; laid at 4e.
' 6TRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie $44.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
'«t. ; cleaning. »c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
A~ WEEK'S newa for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pageg. >n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! " . ~~
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
1 and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue, East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From th* Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Elck Especially
Her assistance ie prlcelesa. Her ""Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis^
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole alopc.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
fands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. < Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence la kept sacredly conflden-
Addresa or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Beventh avenue. Eaat Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second atatlon from
Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUAL.IS3I.
A^PROFESSOR~M A Y.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
mont skeptical: gives advice on love, business
1 and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
. restores loat affection; if In doubt, trouble or
i adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
j help you: mediums developed In from J to 6
I months; letters containing three questions and
! $1 answered; hours, 9 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 2.
MRS. J. J. AVHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forcircular-.sittlngs $1.
CLAIRYOVANT card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know without questions; readings
this week. 25c, Me. 230 A Turk St.; aatlafac.
DINSMORE.
! Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; ma^
v-elous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 127 Ellis.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 2Z.C up. 73 Fourth at., near Mission.
MME HANSON— Palmistry. 10c; card reader;
pact. present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
MME. ZEREDA of E Seventh at. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
T. P. MATCHETT holds circles every evening. I
o'clock, 10c; reading £0 and 75c. 238 Taylor at.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. -sc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212% Sixth it.
YOUR future told by cards. 28c. »44 Howard
at.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladlea. 914 O'Farrell at.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
United Ftat^s. postpaid, for $1 per -ear.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lesji successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage of 1 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent $20.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, modern Improvements;
eunny yard: cellar. 18S9 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
488 GEARY— FIrst-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references. -'¦• -
E. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary et.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating, factory. All kinds pleat-
, tsg.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office,
No. SO Geary St., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414H O'Farrell Bt. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AA'ANTED — FEMALE.
ELDERLY German woman wants situation as
cook: city or country; first-class; wages $2i)
to $25 per month. Address box 2703, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
RELIABLE young German woman wishes a
position; city or country; housekeeping; ref-
erences. Address box 2696, Call office.
NEAT, middle-aged woman will assist In nice
family in exchange for good home; references
furnished. Address box 2697, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
Ironing; $1 a day and carfare. Apply at 114
Natoma st.
YOUNG German lady with a child would like
- a situation as housekeeper; good seamstress.
136 Hayes st.
GERMAN womUn, first-class cook, wishes place
In hotel or boarding-house; good references.
79 Jessie st.
WANTED— Situation by a girl to do housework;
6 years references from last place; good cook.
£43 Franklin Bt.. Oakland.
WOMAN wants position as housekeeper; good
cook. Call at 307 Fourth St., room 7.
HOUSEKEEPER, neat, elderly woman, desires
position; good cook and laundress; likes chil-
dren; city references given; wages $10 to $12.
Call 268 Stevenson at., room 7.
NORTH German girl wishes situation; gen-
eral housework and. cooking. 2113 G»ary St.,
between 9 and 8 o'clock.
WANTED-rßy an experienced woman, situa-
tion as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Apply 628 Guerrero St.
LAUNDRESS wants work by day; would do tha
family washing In exchange for room. Box
2691, Call office.
COMPETENT woman with a child wishes a
position as housekeeper In city or across the
bay; references. Call 277 Thirteenth at.
RESPECTABLE young lady, good references,
speaking German and English fluently, wishes
a position as ladies' maid or care of grown
children to travel to Europe. Call 2 to 6
1431 Polk at.
AVANTED— Position aa housekeeper by reliable
middle-aged woman In a email family of
adults; Is a good plain oook and careful man-
ager. Box 2672. Call Office.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes housekeep-
ing position.- city or country. Call at 713V4
Bush St., rear.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as nurst ;
good In confinement or any other slcknesn;
beat of references. Call at 10SV& Fell at., city.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse wishes position
In fine family. Address C. H. G., 311 Mason et.
WINCHESTER House,' 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
BORROW money of th» respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Graut aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner cf Twenty-setftnd and Ken-
tucky yte.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED MALE.
YOUNG Japanese, epeaks English well, can
read and write, wants situation in store or
office; day or evening. Please address S., 564
Stevenson st.
ENGINEER — Young man from the East wishes
position as chief or assistant In city; station-
ary and marine license; references Al. ED-
WARDS, 318 Jessie gt. .. -
RELIABLE married man would like to take
full charge of rooming-house or pYlvate place.
Address J. DAVIS. 223, Minna st.
YOUNG man, 20, experienced office clerk, de-
sires position: best New York City references.
Box 2559, Call.
SITUATION wanted as flrst-class cutter and
designer on ladles' cloaks and suits. Address
box 27J0. Call office. .
PARIS Exposition— Former Paris drummer ac-
quainted with European resorts and lan-
guages wants position to accompany or repre-
sent party: references; moderate salary.
BONOMY. IRB4 Mission at. '
SITUATION wanted by married man; work of
any kind; porter preferred. Address P. Z.,
box 7613. Call ofllce. - - ¦
STRONG young man, aged 22, of good addreaa
and beat of habits, desires permanent situa-
tion with reliable parties. Box 2687, Call. .
SITUATION . wanted: young man - with good
business experience; willing to do anything to
ret alonz; office preferred. Box 2654, Call.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
at.. n«"ar Broadway; oren evenings.
FURNITURE AVANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the hlghept prices for your 2d-band furniture.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st ; telephone Jessie 761.
W. E. CODY <late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. "¦" Mission: t*l. Red. B3r>l.
HELP AA'ANTED AGENTS.
FOR a flrst-class Investment security. 6 per
cent jruaranteed and extra profits: something
new and safe that people really want; this is
your opportunity. 14 Mills bldg.. Eth floor.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
HELP AA'ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Second girl. $25, San Mateo; Wat-
sonville, $20; Sonoma, $15; Oakland, $20; 8
German second girls. $20: 2 French second
girls. $20. $25, city and country; Scandinavian
second girl. $30; Scandinavian cook, $33. no
wash; cook. 3 In family plain wash, $30;
nursery governess. $25: 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6 a week; restaurant cook, $7 a
week; chambermaid and waitress. $20; nurse
and second girl, $25; 50 houfiettirls, $20, $25, city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONTJ GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses. $25; 6 waitresses, city and
country. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2
restaurant waitresses, $6 week; lunch and
dinner waitress, $5 week; woman second cook,
institution. $30, call early.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman for cooking and dining-room work In
small family in the country, $23; Swedish
housekeeper, $20; housegirl, country. $20. and
a number of others. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at. -
WOMAN with a child; ranch oook; $2s; see
party here at 8:30. MISS CULLBN, 825 Sutter.
WAITRESS— Country hotel; $20; fare paid.
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
•WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman as chamber-
maid and laundress; small country hotel; $20.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay at. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework; $10 a
month. 319 Third at.
EXPERIENCED operators on full laundered
shirts. 36V4 Fremont st. '
GIRL for light housework; good home. 4034
Seventeenth St., near Castro.
YOUNG girl to learn pantsmaking; paid while
learning. 273 Minna Bt.. upstairs.
WOMAN or girl for«general housework; Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred: references.
1411 Hyde st.
NEAT German girl; light housework: smart
family; wages $10 to $15. 506 Castro at.
YOUNG physician desires lady of some means
to act as partner or assistant. Address box
2659. Call office. •
WANTED— German girl for housework and to
assist in cooking; good home for the right
party. 1418 Polk St.. In store. '
NEAT young girl: light housework; small fam-
ily; wages $12. 141U Golden Gate aye.
A DINNER waitress and steady waitress
wanted; no Sunday work. 619 Sacramento at.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
1134 Ellis at.
WANTED— Ladies and gentlemen to. work at
home; good salary. t!6Vj Sixth st.
LADIES' cloaks, milts, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware r low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CLAFSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia, st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft. .-open until 9 P- m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptlcns -has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.; open unt i 1 9 p. m.
HELP AVANTED— MALE. .
WANTED— Blacksmith for shop near city, fare
paid, $40 and found; also farm hands, milkers,
cooks, waltera and others. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st. r '¦-
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary at. ¦ '¦ ¦
WANTED— Good waiter at 145 Larkln St.; call
early. ¦ ¦
COOK wanted. Apply People's Restaurant. 631
Clay* st. ¦ . . • .
YOUNG man with some experience as butcher;
$4 week and found. 450 Cortland aye.
DISHWASHER wanted; German preferred. 8
Golden Gate aye. ---'¦¦¦..
WANTED — First-class .bootblack for barber
shop. 141 Ellis at. ¦• - ¦¦• '¦-, ¦ ¦
PRESSERS-rUnder pressers on coats. Room
. IS, Flood building-, cor. Fourth and Market.
to .We. C 62 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
JEWELERS. S2S Bush St., third floor, room 4.
BOY to drive wagon and help in grocery; 1
wages $3 per week. Box 2670, Call office.
2-CHAIH barber shop that makes salary at 11C5
Buchanan, nr. G. G. aye.; bargain; rent $6 M. .
GOOD industrial agent for debit. W. N.
CHAPMAN. 511 Montgomery, 12:30 to 1 p. m.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap- .
able, successful subscription book salesmen. 4
Call upon or address Manager. 927 Market st..
room 622.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks; j
day and evening class; special inducement
this reason; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the .
world teaching the barber and hairdresslng 3
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York. -
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know •
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still 3
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ehlps at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart Bt. :
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. "
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm. '
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free *
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '.
subscriptions has been established at the ;
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ,
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- '
lencla »t.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
. (27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market at., bit. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
A BUGGY horse for family use, or saddle. In-
quire 10 Stockton or 242 12th aye., Richmond.
$25— FINE, kind, sound and gentle footing sad-
dle mare. 22 Golden Gate aye.
HORSE, $15; horse, $25; small wagon $25; road
cart. $12; cart. $15. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR aale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. PALRIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. O. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A~FEW~ OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
62 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $1800
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $125.... 900
11-room house on Bush st 400
7-room house: only 150
83 rooms; rent $40 1300
¦ 24 rooms; easy payments 800
5-room flat; new 350
32 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor St.; worth $SOO 450
52 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $150 600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms. 4800
Near Call office; worth $2000; 29 r00m5.... 1200
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms.. 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 61. *
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash. I
will advertise it free for you. I
want no exclusive contract. Have
buyer waiting with cash.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
65 ROOMS; finest corner In city $5000
J2O-rooms hotel; big anap 6500
- 13 rooms; fine and central... 425
23 rooms; good; central..... 850
Many others; all sizes, prices and locations.
Paciflc States Realty Co., 320 Parrott bldg.
810 bargain; 12-room house; fine central loca-
tion; low rent; paying fine; snap. Paciflc
States Realty Co., 320 Parrott building.
A FINE transient: 37 rooms; clearing $150
monthly; central; big sacrifice: must sell.
jj Paciflc States Realty Co., 320 Parrott bldg.
LODGING HOUSES.
13 rooms... $550
14 rooms and bath $SOO
' 20 rooms and'bath... $2200
¦ SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: 22 rooms; bargain; on
account of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777,£ Market at.
I ' WANT a well-furnished lodglng^iouse of 15
to 25 rooma; must be reasonable. Addreas box
• 8. Call office.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE, U rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second at. ; no agents. -
SO-ROOM lodging-house In Stockton for tale.
Address S. M. PARSONS. 1M Ellis st.
LOST— An opportunity to buy a well broke
Cashmere goat, with harness and cart, for
eale cheap. H. BRIEL. 1333 Fifteenth aye.,
south. South San Francisco.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
Epecle chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Walta Safe Co.. 103-1 U Market at.. 3- F.. CaJ.
FOR sale — 10,000 feet new rubber belting; lead-
ing brands, slightly damaged: utility unim-
paired; 50 per cent saving. ROBERT BRAND
& CO.. 621 Third at.. Oakland, Cal.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe. Fliafting. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
t33 Market St., San Francisco.
FRENCH plate mirror. ExS. Golden Eagle Ho-
tel. N\V. cor. Montgomery and Broadway.
$10— SINGER sewing machine; fine order; must
sell. 677 Natoma St.. near Seventh.
16 ELEGANT band uniforms for sale, cheap.
G. A. FABRIES. 618 Shrader st.
ANY parties having Angora goats for aale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
FOR sale— Fox terrier pup, thoroughbred,
cheap. 2721 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Great Dane pups; good pedigree.
Enterprise Hotel, cor. Sixteenth and Folsom.
GENUINE Rlcca mandolin at a bargain.
Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny at.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, $30 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gtsts. or Dog Hospital. SlO Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 133 Beale.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS AA'ANTS.
WANTED— Thoroughly broken pointer or set-
ter dog; no purchase without trial; state
' age, color and price, which must be reason-
able. Address box 2653, Call office.
WANTED to rent — Corner family liquor store;
responsible party. S. 8.. 437 Fourth at.; state
rent. ¦
AMATEUR musicians to Join select orchestra.
328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st. ¦¦¦• .*-'
GOOD second-hand piano: must be cheap; cash;
no dealers. Box 15C2. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN*.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advlc*
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; gst my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. MS Market
et.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. lIESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9,« respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : qalck
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st..
MONEY loaned salaried people without necur-
ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange. 4CI
California st.
AUSTIN'S, Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
ing — Men can secure loads on personal note.
AT Vii per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRKI.Ti. 609 Examiner building.
meet nonest lacy. odj>'<_i. m^iriuuuji.
dress box 2678. Call office. ¦'
BARBER wants wife, 13 years of age. to lly«
in mining camp. Address Postofflce box
73.500. Phoenix, Ariz.
BE-XE-OUDRT I 3 yOT A x^DT,
LEADIXO theatrical and ma.*U]Uerad» 008-
tumera; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 73; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMO3.
1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.: 532 Kearny. near Sacto:
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third ; tel. black 4123.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearny.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair tpeciallsts. grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. * Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manur*. O. NOLTB.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. IJIS Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addreas la th«
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage paid.
~ PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy to
work; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper mailed 25c. Cat. Camera Co.. 23 Geary.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASESj
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMISJTSr
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORM 3:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNTFEt
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fr«».
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 507. 508 and SC9. r_r-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021*4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHEAPEST and oest In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addreas In th»
United States or Canada one year for 11.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE CITY— JFOR SALE.
$1800— BARGAIN: large IH-story. high stoop.
bay-window cottage; vestibule entrance: bev-
eled plate glass double doors; handsomely
raneled 7-foot wMe hall, with winding stair-
case and 6H-foot newel post; parlor 14x17.
wainscoted dining room 12x14: sitting room
$^ixl4; wainscoted extension kitchen IOxU:
ceilings IS feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices; pantry, glass closet, etc.; 2 bedroom*
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance tinder bay;
lot 25x120. with a rustic Btabte 10x20 at end:
magnificent view; all for $1VO; no agents. J.
W NEWTON. K3O 12th aye.. near X st.. Bun-
tet district. 3 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ~~ '
687 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Santa Fe ferry site;
SW. corner Folaom and Beale> sta. ; lot 92:1 x
137:6. with Improvements.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell Quickly then
call on AY. J. GUNN. SSO California st.
MODERN flats— s:soo; containing 5 and 8 rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: 631 Waller st.. one
block from Haight and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
FOR sale cheap— House of 5 rooms, conserva-
tory and bath; lot 25x137:6; all street and
sewer work done; will be sold cheap on ac-
count of departure. Apply 221 Waller st.
$3000— '-A BARGAIN" lot 26xSO: lmprove-
ments; on Minna St.: Income property;
rented $25 per month. Inquire 2234 Bush st.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest improvements: Nee and Hill sts.; near
Ca.«trn-'t. cars; patent sidewalk.
INQUIRE 142 Fulton st.: fine Cats; near City
Hall, within 2 blocks.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sal«
$2300—5 ACKES. 1 story. 5-roozn house, wlru*
mill. tank. barn. S chicken houses, smali
bearing orchard: will Include* SCO laying hens,
1 horse, harness, cart. plow, harrow, small
tools; $1300 cash, balance 7 per cent Interest;
one mile from pcstortlce. CEO. C. YOUMO,
Petaluma.
ROSS VALLEY land and homes for sale at re-
duced prices. JAMES TUNSTEAD. San Ra-
fael.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main st.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
, for frea list of Sonoma County. bargVusa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
10TOS^SIXTHRACE— Six furlongs: selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse, J4OO.
Time— v -24U- Vt. -W- %• 1:13 *4- Good Btart r; Won etLfll y- second and third driving. Wln
r^rJohn D.' Dunn's b. g.. by Purye&r p-3weet Peggy. After Peace and Thoburn had
raced themselves out. It was easy for Pompino. Monrovia closed etrong. Tlburon lnter
f?r^ with in stretch. Bcratched-Rlngmaster 102, Jack McCabe 98. Rosalbra 105. Dogtown
112. __I :
Shipping Intelligence.
704. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1350.
T i mlk _ii *i, :37%: %. 1:02 V *: T*. 1:27H- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
F ' Mcklaho'n ' & Co.'s br. m., by Imp. Watercress-Alary. Alaria excellently handled. Spen
«.eV a failure at pace-making. Wyoming hopelessly pocketed through stretch; he was best.
Too much weight on Don Luis. Scratched— Faversham 112.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers leave Broadway
W^ wharf. San Francisco:
Yttjh ._ For Alaskan ports. 19 a. m.
li^l^N Char.se to company's s:-am-
||s\s?{ V* % F"- r Victoria. Vancouver.
I F'a^Ci-VrHi '*'¦ r '• v n Townsend.
***JiK^:Si\* Seattle. Tac ma, Everett,
•• Anaccrtes and New What-
com (Wash.). 10 a. m.. F»"b.
5. 10. 13. 23. 23. Mar. 2. and every fifth day
thereafter: change a: Seattle to this conrpanys
steamers for Alaska ar.d G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Feb.
S. 8. 13. 18, 23, 23. Mar. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Pert Harford «san Luis Obl«po>. Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San P^dro.
East San Pedro (Los Ansreles) and Newport. S
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 2*>. 24. 3. Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr San Diego, stopping- only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anzelea and Redondo «Los Ane^les). 11 a. m..
Feb. 2. 8. 10, 14. 1«. 2^ 26. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Er.senada. Mafda>na Bay. San Jo«e del
Cabo. Mazatian. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rcsalla
ar.d Guaymaa (Mex.), 19 a. m., 7th cf each
month.
For rarther information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves tas ripM to chan?*
steamers, sailintr dates and hours of sailing?,
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts.,
10 Market st . San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOR.TILjJ^ISriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Includlc? Berth
Irint 53 Second Class anuX Meals.
COLUMBIA saUs Feb. 17. 27. Mar. !». U
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sal,3
Feb. 12. 23. March 4, 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Dutte.
Helena and all points In tfc* Northwest.
Through tickets to all Dolnta East.
E. C WARD. General A«eat.
€2) Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINIT
XX ? TOES. SOCTHA3C PTO3. LONDO3. PA3I3.
Stopping at Ch r *bours. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. V v m.
New York Feb. HlNew York March T
St. Louis Feb. 2l!St. Paul March 14
Friesland Feb. 2Si Kensington ..March 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York; ar>d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 nocn.
Kensington Feb. 14i?<->uthwark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 2llWesternland .March 14
Friesland Feb. 25. Kensington ..March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Oawson City.
For full information regarding: freiglit and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery st.. or any cf lt» agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling ar
Kobe (Hlogo). Narasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. t
AMERICA MARL' Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARL* Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
fSßin&lfa The S. S. Atameda
jtS>*Jiiii * ai: - i via Honolulu arl
t "¦"•* Auckland for Sydney
y Wednesday. Feb. 21.
(v/ L' i at *p. m.
G^ii'J'i'K,, rails for Honolula
(QFfi?,Qtt~ Wednesday. March 7.
wining 130<> at 2 p ra
Favortt* line around the world Tla Hawaii.
Samoa. New 2>a!and. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
LD. Sensitive L» & tSnOS.CO.. «}!s.. it 4 Wontsomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0f1cc.32? Market St
COXFAQNIS GENERAL! TKA.f SATLASTIQC3.
DHtECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of 4^jrM>
Saturday, from November 2. lsW. at ¦~ ima r* J >&*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot mt
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE. Feb. 13; LA OA3-
COGNE. Feb. 22; LA TOURAINE. March X;
LA BRETAGNE. March S. First clas* t*
Havre, tiO and upward: 5 per cent reduction og
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45: S p->»
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANO
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclf.a
Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Fra.i-
clsco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBsT
FOR (TsTnAYY YARoTnD i*YALIEjbr
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9-41
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlcht)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:2u a. -in I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. t. Telephone Main VAi.
f **e to*
Good Hope could not keep up during the
early part of It, finishing third.
Track Notes.
T. Walsh broke it up bo badly with
Wyomingr that the Judges called the toy
to the stand. He rode according to in
structions so far as waiting with the
horse was concerned, but dropping Into
a pocket was unable to get out.
Pomplno, which is developing: into ouch
a promising sprinter, is a son of Puryear
D, one of the etallior.s at Napa stock
farm. He downed a fast field yesterday
in a gallop.
Garnet Ferguson yesterday purchased
from E. Kennedy the fast mare Ben Ledl.
The reputed price paid was $1500.
Eddie Ross put up the prettiest finish
of the afternoon on Alaria. The ride vai
perfectly timed, beating Spencer on Sister
Alice a short nose.
Satsuma did not change hands at Dr.
Rowell's sale yesterday. Following were
the horses sold: Whitcomb. $350, M. Moth
erall; Dr. Bernays, $SOO, W. Fisher: Blocm
lng Chance, $75, E. Rooker. Cyril, ownod
by P. Ryan, was sold for $500. Frank Ro*s
being the purchaser. Core, a two-year
old, went to the bid of F. W. Ellis for $375.
To-Day's Entries.
First" race—Five furlongs; handicap; four
year-olds and upward; selling:
670 Btrongoll 107 i (736)Vloris 105
740 Mldlove 112 700 Clarando ....... SS
(7M)St. Cuthbert 116 ... Royal Fan 93
... Yemen 107 746 Ben Ledl.... 120
7£9 Novla 120 712 Revanna ....— ...106
Second race—Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
743 Count Hubert...losl 756 Grafter 110
73S Pat Foley 103 (73S)Scotch 8e11«w...ai5
76« Impromptu 113 73i Parsifal ... 108
743 Socapa 110 743 Trtxie R 010
... Richard S 110 ••• CarrophlUU .. —110
743 Location 110! 738 Thorawtld -104
Third race— McLaughlln selling stake; on*
and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and, up
ward; purse $1500.
7ES Pat Morrissey...lol| 733 Roslnante. ..._... »5
697 Flamora 90 (733) Dr. Sheppard ...110
728 Malay 9«i(7sl)Davld Termy —..103
Fourth race—One mile; special purse; 11000.
757 Yellowtall (Spencer) 110
(757) F. W. Brode (T. Burns) 117
757 Advance Guard (Bullman) .....U7
Fifth race—One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward: selling:
764 Don Luis 103) 745 Coda 101
751 Bnips 101 (742)Dogtown 106
753 Gotobed 1061 751 Red Plrat» 101
(720) Topmast 10S'
Sixth race— Six furlongs; mares; three-year
olds &.ni upward; puree:
697 Flainora 97 i 765 Monrovia ........112
Ml Flower of Gold.. J7j(693)Sly U»
733 Afamada 112.
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Revanna, St. Cuthbert. B«n Lsdl.
Second race—Scotch Belle. Grafter. Count Hu
bert.
Third race—Roainante. Dr. Bhexrpard, Fla
mora.-
Fourth race—F. W. Brode, Advance Guard.
Yellowtall.
Fifth race —Topmast. Don Luis, Red Pirate-
Sixth race—Flower of Gold, Sly, Afamada.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Feb T— Stnsr Colon, tor
Panama.
Arrived Feb 7 — Ger bark Saturnuls. from
Newcastle. NSW.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Jan 3 — Schr
Prosper, for Honolulu. Jan 4— Chil ship Star
of Bengal, for Honolulu. Jan 10— Br bark
Helen Denny, for Honolulu. Jan 11— Br ship
Clan Galbraith, for San Francisco; bark Hayda
Brown, for Kahului. Jan IS— Bark Palmyra,
for Honolulu.
In port Jan 17— Nor bark Fortuna, for Hono
lulu; Br ship Grenada, for Honolulu: Br ship
Hilston. for Honolulu; Haw bark Himalaya,
for Honolulu: Br ship Kensington, for San
Francisco; ship II P Grace, for Honolulu: lark
RuJus E Wood, for Honolulu; bark Soa tua,
for Honolulu.
Chartered to load— Ship Agenor, for Honolulu;
Br sblp Australia, for Honolulu: Br ship Bal
clutha. for San Francisco: Br ship Banstilore,
for Honolulu: bark Bi? Bonanza, for Honolulu:
Br ship Cambrian Hills, for San Francisco:
bark Carrollton. for Honolulu; bark Caronde
let. for Honolulu; Br ship Celtlcburn. for San
Francisco: Br bark City of Adelaide, for
Honolulu: Br ship Clan Buchanan. f;>r Pan
Francisco; Br ship Crocodile, for San Fraa
cisco; Br shrp Dechniont. for Honolulu; Ital
bark Elisa. for Honolulu; Erit!«h ship Elm
hurst, for San Francisco; ship Elwe'.l. for Hono
lulu: bark Empire, for San Francisco or Hono
lulu: Chil ship Euterpe, tor Honolulu: ship
Florence, for Honolulu; Br 3hlp GU-ntai. for
Honolulu: bark Gen Falrchlid, for Honolulu;
bark Harvester, for Honolulu; ship Hecla, for
Honolulu; bark Hesper, for Honolulu: schr
Honolpu. for Honolulu; schr Inca. for Hono
lulu: Br ship James Kerr. for San Francisco:
schr Jas Rolph. for Honolulu: ship Jyhn C
Potter, for Honolulu: Haw ship John Ena, for
San Francisco: »h!p Louisiana, for San Fran
cisco or Hc-nolulu: »chr Lyman D Foster, for
Honolulu: ship Marion Chiicott. for San Fran
cisco: sehr O'sja. for Honolulu: bark OT»^->n.
for Honolulu: ship Reaper, for Honolulu or
San Francisco: Chil ship Repur-!<<\ fT Hono
lulu: Bchr Robert Searfes. fr>r Honolulu: r«ktn
Robert Sudden, for Honolulu: bark S*a Klnr.
fcr San Francisco; bark Snow *¦ Burgess, for
Honolulu: ship Standard, fcr Honolulu: Chil
ship Star of Italy, for Honolulu; Haw ship
Star of Russia, for Honolulu: ship Wachusett.
for Honolulu: Br ship Windsor Park, fcr Hono
lulu: Br bark Woollahra, far Honolulu: bktn
Wrestler, for Honolulu; ship Ycjumite. for
Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 14— Bits W n Dl
rnond. henc- Jan 9. Jan 2o— Bark North?m
Light, hence Jan 1: Br bark Forthbr-nk. from
Newcastle. Aus: bktn Jane L Stanford, from
Newcastle". Aus. Jan 2*s— Bktn Archer, hence-
Jan 3. Jan 2S— Br ship Lancing fross Sydney:
schr Okar.ccan, from Pert LuSltw. Jan 23—
U S strr.r Missouri, from Manila, f^r Pan Fmn
et9co: U S stmr Nero, from Guam: sthr Aloha,
hence Jan 10. Feb I— U S stmr Pathfinder,
from Hllo: strsr Chin*, hence Jan 24: b.- strr.r
Moana. hence Jan 23. Feb 2— Bktn S N Castle,
hence Jan 13: Nor bark Solve.*, frra Newcas
tle. Aus; stmr Alameda. frcm Sydney.
Sailed Jan 25— Br ship AntiOEe. fir Kehet:
Jap stmr N!pr>on Mam. for Sun Fr?.nc-*~v». Jan
27— Ship Eclipse, fer Taeorna: ship Santa Clart.
for Port Townsend: schr H D P.»rifU\-n f~r
Port B!ak»lev; ihlp Charmer, for Taeoma. Jan
23— Haw bark Andrew Welch, fcr Pan Fran
cisco, via H!!t>. Jan Jl— Haw stmr Klnau. for
San Francisco, via Makawel"; bktn KHk!tat.
for Port Townsend: Br ship Beechdaie. for
Portland, Or: stmr China, fir Yokohama; Ger
bark Paul Osenber*. for San Francisco. Feb 1—
Br stmr Mara, for Sydney.
HlLO— Arrived Jan IS— Bktn Inngard. trcn»
Honolulu. t» sail Jan SI.
Sailed Jan 20— Bark Annie Johnson, for Saa
Francisco: Haw stmr Axtec. tn Manila.
MAKAWELI— SaiIed Jan 2*-6chr Metha Nel
son, for San Francisco.
KTHEl— Sailed Jan 15— Schr Metha Nelson.
for Makawell.
HANA— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Viking, hence.
Dec 29.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NTTW YORK— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Island.
from Copenhagen.
Failed Feb 9— Stmr Cuflc. for Liverpool.
LONDON— Sailed Feb 9— Stsir Mesafcs. for
New York.
MANILA— Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Duie of F!?s.
for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Pretoria,
from N»w York.
BRISBANE— SaiIed Feb 9— Stesr Aorasgl. for
Vancouver.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Nor?e.
from New York, for Stettin.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Feb 9— Strsr Rotfr
dam. from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
FUNCHAL— SaiIed Feb 8— Stmr New Eag
land, from Bo«ton. on Oriental cra?s».
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 21 2» Mexican 27
200 Best & Belcher 33 200 Mexican 26
200 Heel St Belcher S4 RX> Potost 33
300 Caledonia 32 -SCO Savag* 13
300 Chollar IS 700 Savage 12
200 C C & Va-...137H 200 Sierra Nevada. 43
200 Gould & Curry. 20 800 Yeuow Jacket. 19
200 Gould & Curry. 19 300 Yellow Jackal. 18
Afternoon Session
100 C C A Va 133 800 Sierra Nevada. 43
300 C C A Va....l 37H 300 Sierra Nevada. 44
100 C C A Va 1 4J 1100 Sierra Nevada. 4«
100 Confidence 73 200 Sierra Nevada. 45
400 Gould & Curry- 1» 20« Union Con 2S
100 Ophlr 65 200 Union C0a...... »
SCO Sierra Nevada. 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAT, F«b. »— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha — . — C3'Kentuck 01 C 2
Alta 01 C2Lady Wash.... 02 —
Andes •« 07 (Mexican 27 29
Belcher JO 22 ; Occidental ¦»« —
Best & Belcher 34 35:Ophlr 63 63
Bullion C 3 04 Overman 04 05
Caledonia 23 33:Potosl 24 23
Chollar 18 19 Savage 11 13
Challenge Con.. 18 19 Scorpion 03 —
Confidence 70 75 S»g Belcher.... 01 02
CCA Va 135140 Sierra Nevada. « 47
Con Imperial... — C2Sllver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04|St Louis — 07
Crown Point... 11 12 Standard —ITS
Exchequer — 02; Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 13 19 Union Con SI 33
Hale & N0r.... 30 32 : Utah 03 04
Julia — Ciirellow Jacket. 17 13
Justice OS 07! __^^_^__
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BORROW m <l;amr>nd» and Jewels: sollte at-
ttatlcn UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CALIFORNIA. 2Z23 — Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
rcen: breakfast if desired; private family;
references exchanged.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received £t Call branch rffice. 1200 FUlmcr* st. \
FIFTH, til, corner Clementina— Large uafur- i
r.lyh*>d rricn. perch, etc.; rent !4 50; references, i
FIFTH, Ti2 — Housekeeping rooms; newly fur- :
r.ithfd; reasonable tcrcr.s.
FIFTH, i-,B— r»oub!e parlor*, kitchen and bath,
furrished. $2?; also 3. 113; ccn., single. Jl4 up.
FHLSOM. 113C — 3 sunny rooms, complete for
house kee-trg.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 7SJ— Furnlihed room* for
housekeeping: tee of parlor; 17 and !-.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 14C4— Large runny frcnt
room: JS; b.ous*Xeepinx; bath.
HOWARD. "4. cor. Third-Neatly furnished
rooif: also housekeeping; reasonable.
JEf Sin. 435— Two sunr.y frost rooms for house-
keeE,; r .g; rent lIP.
LEWIS, IS. eff Taylor, near Post— Large room
and kitchen; newly par-ered; $S.
MARKET. IPX— Two rooms unfurnished or
partly furnished; $6 per menth.
POLK. 1?:«-Two cr three rocms, furnished;
cheap; apply befrr* 12 ra.
CIXTH. 1»— Sur.r.y frcnt rooms, tl 7S and « a
• erk: light housekeeping.
TV- ELFTH. 12!. bet. Vlsslor. nnd Howard— 2
ninny hetisekeepirig rooms; pas etove.
A BRANCH office for Call RdverttfcernentTTnd
FUbserirstions has been e Sta fc.i! £ri PKj at the
ncrtfcwest corner of Tw*nty-6ecor.d and Ken-
turky sry.: "i*r\ till » p. ra.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Infnrn.
A^BlU?>rswTcK HOuTe] iiT^xth^Rooms
SSc to tl per r.ieM: tl £5 to tj per week, and
llczt housekf*efir:p; ci*n all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor fir.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
lath: rocrss Me to tl a day. MRS. J. KING.
AT £2 Second — Nice new papered and reno-
vsted front room*: tl SO • i. : z week.
A — "THE ELMER HOUSE." 3T4 Bush St.. ad-
Jolr.lnr the Run Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. r3S Poet., ecr. Stockton— Sunny cor-
r.er suite and single rocms; hot and cold
wfcler:w fcI e r: e>vattr ar.J all conveniences.
BURNETT. 14I« Market Et. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ished rms. , suites, tingle: -Iso unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Eur.ny ccrr.*r; well furn.; rrat. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal! trar.eh efflre. 2200 Flllmcre.
FOLSOM. 9CJ. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furr.'.fhed rocms; suites cr single; new mgmt.
FRANKLIN. :i<Newpon Bwe)— Cunay rooms;
Lay windows: run. water; gas; Jl 25 to 12 hi.
GEARY. 406 <The Navarre)— Elesrantly furr.ish-
ed rooms, en «uite or single. MRS. H. HYEK.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
er.3 Mi«»ion «ts. — Sunny rooms, en tuite cr
tingle; ladies' r*r»cr; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 2! fTne Wellington)— A family
rsomlSK house: «>pantly furnished rooms;
prates, frae i bath, bot and cold water; tOe to
tl W per day; " 50 to ST per week.
HANCOCK House. T'l Mission— Select family
rjcrr.ir.p bcawe; Jl E0 to t 5 per week.
HARRISON. Stl— « rocias; sunny; W.
HAVES. \ZA — £usr.y furnished rooms; reascn-
at'e rest.
HOWARD. €40— New house: latent Improve-
m'r.t*: running water in every room.
HOWARD. *::*-Ciean. respectable: 2ic-tl per
r.itr.t: tl-S3 per week: Howard cars ta door.
JESSIE. 475, near Sixth— Sunny elntfe front
rociss.
KEARNT r.. near Chronicle — Suite of 2 cr 3 ,
e>*jB3t parlors Fultat/le for a club of gentle- :
men; r»nt reasonable. Adiress box f,23. Call. ;
KEARNY. 313— Funny front suite; new furnl- j
ture; call afternoon.
LEIDESDORFF. i:fr-Partle« -eelclns a QU'.et j
lcKlgir^-hou^c pl«ape cail; recently chaage-d ]
hand? end newly furnished.
SIINNA. &CH^j — Double and single runny fur-
cSehed front rooms.
MINNA. r£7. comer Eighth— Newly fura!sh«d
tay-window rocra. tl per week; transient.
MI??ION. 7G3— Fine furnished front room; 1 or
2 KCOtJeSMSS cheap to steady roomers.
NAT r MA. TZi— Nice cl^an beds, 75c per week j
&'¦•* *-T. (
0 FARRFXL. 20— S^r.r.y furnished rooms and
fT*f— ; e'.evatcr: electric !ich:«; day. mk.. mo.
EOTAL House, li* Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
Icr; rocrcs. per right, 2*c tn tl Us; week. t2'to I
t*: month, tf to !I0; elevator en office floor; i
rocrr.s w'.tn net ar.d cod water; baths.
BOEEOAUE K-iute. fl« & 2;i Ellis et.— Rooms
r.:ght. ;r<c to Jl; we«k, tl tc to t 4; open- night.
FHEF.MAN Apartment House. *S Eighth St..
r.-ar Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
fIXTH :3<>— Sur.r.r rooms suitable for two een-
tleraen; Quiet fcou**.
$~— S ROOMS; furnished; a K^p. Ca!l 14 Et.
Mary*, eff Pise.
THE Oaks Hi Third— A good rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
TL'RK. 22— Sussy front rooms.
BORROW on planoe, furniture, diamonds,
r*!r.tings; r«crecy. Uncle Hams. IS Grant ay.
A BRANCH offie* fcr the reception cf adver-
tisements acd eubscripticr.s hat been opened
et U23 Polk tt.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Ca'.l advertisements ar.d
r'jbscriptions has been established at I<£« Va-
>n-'» «t.
ROOMS \VA\TED.
TWO rooms and bath, connected. In Thlrty-
r.inth Assembly District, by eingle man. Ad-
cress bcx^CS^CallcSce^
BY 2 youne men— 2 or S nicely furnished rooms;
r*rrr*ner.t. Box 2t««. Cali.
SPECIAL AOTICES.
1 HEREBT r.otify whoever msy be interested
that CHAPXE? B. STACKPOLE i« no lmper
in my HBpbv: also that he Is not and never
has been corrected with the Boston Woven
Hoee and Rubber Company. R. S. CHAP-
MAN, 14 and 16 Fremont «rt.
ROOMS papered from J3: whitened, tl up;
painting dene. Hartmiti Paint Co.. 313 Third.
CAD tenant* ejected for t4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COT.LECTION CO..
«ir. M~ntrr-TTierr ft.. r^rr,« f'-V-. tel. f;;p.
SEWI.VG MACHI.VES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, boupht. sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 Cth: ph-:ne Mint 45.
ALL klnfl* bought, sold, exchanged, rented: r*-
palrir.g et lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAUEHOISES.
•piERCrT-RODOLPH Storage aad Moving Co.
Cfiee. «?1 Port i>t.. cor. Pcwe!l: tel. Main K713.
TO LEASE.
To" leaie^-Kenil worth" lnn: romantically e!tu-
Ete<i in Mill Valley; 50 minutes* ride from San
Francisco: completely furai*h*d: 45 rooms;
*t<-ara and hot water baths; electric lights;
heaters throughout; elevators, etc.: rent low.
Ar-Tly MADISON BURKE. C 6 Market »t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
WE offer th» following epecial bargains:
tloOO — House of 4 rocms and bath: lot 65x100.
I2SGO— Hous* of 5 r<x>m*; all modern im-
provements: lot 40x120; near bay shore.
J4500 — House 10 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments: fine location; lot S0j:14&.
t3tw>— House, 7 rooms; porcelain bath, gas,
etc.- San Jose aye.; lot Of-xISO.
E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park et.
INVESTIGATE — Lot 45x145: choice location on
Santa Clara aye. ; haute of 7 rooms <to order),
t2C£O: lot 40x12;; Halght aye., near Ma*Uck
station; with cottage r>t 5 rocme, ti^O; €
rocms, C 200; lot &0-foot fnnt Pan Antonio
»\-e. ; cottage of 5 rooms, t22SO. J. H. YOUNG, ;
Builder. i2iZ Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE^
BAT- WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath, pantry,
hot and «.Id water, high bailment, brl^k
foundation, fruit tre**; large lot; near sta-
tion, school, churehe*. stores. 2 electric car
line*; price tlSOO; only 1100 e»«sh. balance $12 r J>
per month; take Berkeley train, get off £1
L->r!n Station and aek for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS, office cptn Sundays.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAJfD FURMTI'RE FOR *ALE.
AN introduction to you frcm H. Schellnsa*. Uss
rurßltnr* dealer, llth and Franklia. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFIdE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3-ft— GENERAL grocery store, *tock, fixtures
and all; must cell before February H: auc-
tion rriee for quick sale; no better location
In Oakland. ALDEN CO.. ?118 Broadway.
B\P.GAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. Kortier, £429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
t'semer.tg end !-jb«crirtlors received.
OA.iiL~A\D FIB.MSHED ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms; newly fur-
nished: near to narrow gauge.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
t'rerr.er.ts and subscriptions received.
colmTivt^ersiiip notices.
NOTICE of dissolution cf partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI. doing
business in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was en the i<th day of March, ISS9. dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire interest of G.
BACIGALUPI in the concern.^^
G. BACIGALUPL
San Francisco. February 9. 1900.
ijTviDexu "notices.
„_
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 6 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 3:7 Market St.. on and
aft<-r Thursday. February 15. 1900. Transfer
t,xiks will close on Friday, February 9. 1900.
at 3 o'clock p^ m^ gAcretary .
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 12 (35 cents
pet share) cf the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 2Z'. Market ureet, en and after Sat-
urday. 'February 13. 1900. Transfer books
closed on Monday. February 5. 1900. at 3
r.VkTk p. m. E. H SHELDOX. Sec.
>g PROPOSALS.
SAITIFRA I NcTsCo7~~Cal.. February 7. 1900.—
Sealed propose'- 6 . in triplicate, will be re-
ceive! here until 12 o'clock m.. March 9. 1900.
and then opened, for furnisnirg oats, barley
ar.d bran, for Presidio of San Francisco. Cai..
durir.pr remainder of fiscal year ending June
SO IC'OQ. Government reserves right to reject
cr accept any and all bids, or any part there-
o' Preference given to articles cf domestic
production conditions cf quality and price
(including in the price cf foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion iroduced en the Pacific Coast to extent
of ccns-jmni>">n required by the public service
there Information furnished on application to
J m' MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
U S ENGINEER Office. Flood buildinsr. San
Francisco. Cal.. January 4. l?o«— Pealed pro-
posals for erecting double draw-span bridge,
approaches thereto and piers therefor, across
tidal canal at Frultvale aye.. near Alameda.
Cal. will b« received here until 12 noon, Feb-
ruary 10. 1900. Information on application.
W H HF.UF.R. Major. Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have betn Issued as follows:
Emil H. Couderc, 24. Oakland, and Clemen-
tine L. Ccmbatalade. CO. South San Francisco.
John A. K!?esor, 21. 742 Folsom street, and
Grace L. Hunter. 1?. 742 Folscm street.
Thomas fames, 3?. 741 Folsom street, and
Minnie Fisher. ~, 742 Folsom street.
Frederick M. Srr.'.th. 27. 412 Larkin street, and
Mary K. Jepson. 20. 316 Pan Carlos avenue.
Walter E. Bryant. 24. city, and Nellie Klrby,
14 city
John Baumann. 40. 1636 Howard street, and
Ella M. Graham. 30. city.
John Carlyon, 21. Putter Creek, and Addle B.
Tansemar.n. 23. Stockton.
George AY. EHz. 30, 742 OFarrell street, and
Charlotte E. Bainbridice. 26, 742 O'Farrell street.
Jeremiah Moriarlty. 44. 142 Natoma street.
and Catherine M<-rrtPg»y. 37. '% Harrison aye.
" BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of tfce publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authoriied to have the same published.
BORN.
HAGERTY— In this city, January 4, 1900, to
the wife of J. Hagerty, a son.
TAYLOR— In this city, January 23, 1900. to the
wife of George William Taylor, a son.
marrYed.
HODGKINSON— GR.EIG— In this city. Janu-
ary 81. 1&00. by the Rev. E. G. Mathena. D.D.,
George F. Hodekinson and Christina M.
Greig. both of Vallejo. Cal.
6ANDEMAN— JUDE— In this city, February 3.
1909, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.D., Georga
F. Sandeman and Nellie E. Jude. both of San
Francisco.
~ DIED.
Anierson. Hugh
Auradou. Alexandre
liudger, Jane A.
Barker, Robert
Boudan. Aleide
Burden. Edward A.
Carlton. Theodore
Conway. Elizabeth
E-esmond. Felix
Dinan. Frank J.
Dolph. Annie
Eyre. Amelia
Fischer. Catherine
Freestrcm. Ttge F.
Gay. Theobald
GillispJe. Thcmas J.
Gordon, Maggie
Gcttschalk.John F.A.
Gudmur.iiEun. Carrl»
Hammel. Mary
Hayes, Joseph
T?r,m. L.
Haffey, Catherine
Lemon. Charles B.
Levy, Herrman
Lydiatt, Ida B.
Mc<-*abe, Terrence
McManus, Bernard
Messina, Rosa
Muller, Mary
Murphy, Martin D.
Nunn, Lurenzo
Nllson, Anton B.
Packer. Guy W.
Parsons. Alfred N.
Perieh. Nicholas
Ryan, William H.
Seemann. Morris L.
Shea, Con
Steegs, Henry
Sweeney, Margaret A.
Theisen. John
Thomj/son. Thomas
Webb. Genevleve M.
ANDERSON— In this city. February 8, ISOO.
Hugh, beloved husband of Amenda J. Ander-
¦on. a native of Scotland, aged 73 years.
AURADOK— In this city. February 9, 1900.
A>xar.dre Leon Auradou, beloved husband of
Eugenic Auradou. father of A, Leon Aura-
dou and Mtt. Marie Dumont, father-in-law
of A. Dumont, brother of Jules Auradou,
brother-in-law of Mrs. Jules Auradou. aad
ur.cle of Jules, Jean and Louise Auradou. a
native of France, aged 64 years 11 months
and 12 days.
CTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 12. at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 130J Powell street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets.
where services win be held under the aus-
I-ices cf Franco-American Lodite No. 207, I.
O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
BADGER— In Oakland, February 8, 1900, Jane
A., beloved wife of the late Captain T. W.
Badger, a native of Ensrland. ared 65 years.
C3r Friends and acquaintance* are reject-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Church of the
Advent, Eleventh street, near Market. San
Francisco. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BARKER— In this city, February 8. I*oo, Rob-
ert Barker, a native of California, aged 33
years.
EyThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
HaUted & Co., 945 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BOUDAN— In San Jose, February 7. 1900, Aldde
Boudan. beloved stepfather of Edmond Bon-
net. Mrs. Mary Gibelin da Py, Mrs. Louise
Pierret. father-in-law of Mrs. Louise Bou-
dan. and grandfather of Octave Glbelln
dv Py, Pierre Gibelin dv Py «end Mrs. Na-
thalie Scripture, a native of France, aged
7s years.
C7"Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence t6 Notre Dame dcs Victoires French
Church, and thence to Druids' Hall. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BURDEN— In this city. February 8, 1900, Ed-
ward A. Burden, a native of England, aged
SO year?.
CARLTON— In this city. February S. 1900. Theo-
dore, beloved hueband of Jole W. Carlton.
and father of Minnie Carlton. a native of
New York, aged 65 years. (New York Dra-
matic and Portland Oreconlan please copy.)
ESTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townrmd streets.
CONWAY— In this city. February S. 1900. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of B. Conway. and mother
of Marcaret Lacey (nee Conway), a native
of Ireland, nged M years.
CT'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1205 McAllister street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the rerx*e of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DESMOND— In this city, February 8. 1900,
Felix Desmond, beloved father of Felix Jr
James. Edward and Henry Desmond, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 79 years.
DINAN— In this city. February 9, 1300. Frank
J.. beloved sen of William E. and Nellie
Dlnan, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
rears 2 months and 21 days.
DOLPH— In this city. February 9, 190. Annie,
beloved wife of Elof H. Dolnh. mother of
Edwin and May Dolph. and sister of John,
Edward. William, Kitty and Allck Kron-
bolm. a native of New York, aged 32 years
and 2 months.
r^yFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fulll Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J GALLAGHER Cu.,
<Successors to Fiannagan A Gallagher).
FfKEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS,
20 Fir tli st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
MURPHY— In this city. February 8, 1900, Mar-
tin D-, dearly beloved husband of Mary D.
Murphy, and father of Mrs. J. Titus, Mrs.
L. Burns and Mrs. F. Casoly. a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 77 years and 6
mfinths.
CyTha funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1304 Lyon street, thence to St, Dom-
inic's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NUNN— In this city, February 9, 1900. Lorenio
Nunn, beloved brother of Mrs. William H.
Cook, and uncle of John, William. Robert,
Lorenzo and Sophia Downs, Mrs. John Bro-
phey and Mrs. C. BalU>aus, a native of Ire-
land, aged M years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are 1-eepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. William H. Cook, 36 Croke
street, off Mission, near Five-mile House.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NTLSON— KiIIed near Caloocan. P. 1.. February
7, 1599. Anton B. Nllson. beloved son of B. J.
and A. Nllson. a native of Denmark, ared 19
years. A member of Company C. First Cali-
fornia Volunteer Infantry, and Company C.
First Infantry. N. G. C.
PACKER— KiIIed near Caloocan. P. 1.. Febru-
ary 7, ISS9. Guy W. Packer, beloved son of
Mrs. Jennie Packer of Portlana. Or., a na-
tive of Nebraska, aged 25 years. A member
of Company C, First California Volunteer In-
fantry.
%y Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral of above soldiers to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Y. M. C. A.
building. Union-street car entrance. Presidio.
MEMBERS of Company C, First California
Volunteer Infantry, and members of Com-
pany C. First Infantry. N. G. C, are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late com-
rades. Privates Anton B. Nllson and Guy W.
Packer, to-morrow (Sunday). Meet at Arm-
ory. 815 Ellis street, at 1 o'clock sharp; blue
uniform. CHARLES E. GOODELL.
Late First Lieutenant First California Vol-
unteer Infantry.
PARSONS— In this city. February 9. 1900. Al-
fred N. Parsons, beloved husband of Mamie
Parsons, and father of Elmer Parsons, a na-
tive of Lodl, San Joaquln County. Cal., aged
27 years and 8 months. (Stockton and San
Francisco papers pleaoe copy.)
PERICH —In this city. February 9, 1900.
Nicholas, beloved son of Paul and Paulina
Perieh, and brother of Luke, Annie and
Pauline Perieh. a native of San Francleco,
aKfd S years 3 months and 1 day.
CTTri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 36 South Park. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. February 8, 1900. Wil-
liam H. Ryan, beloved son of the late Corne-
lius and Julia Ryan, and brother of Mrs.
Ellen A. Johnston of Boston. Mrs. Lizzie
Dalsley and Mrs. Margaret Benney of San
Francisco, a native of Randolph. Mass. A
veteran of the Civil War.
(CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BEEMAXN— KiIIed In action in Manila, Febru-
ary «. 1599. Morris I*., beloved son of H. O.
Seemann. and brother of Christian and Otto
Eccrr.ann, Mrs. C. Helfeker and Mrs. Chr.
(Sunday), at I: JO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 490 Castro etreet. near Eighteenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EYRE— January 16. 1900, Amelia Eyre, beloved
wife of William Eyre of Sydney, and mother
of A, W. Eyre of San Francisco, aged 64
years.
FISCHER— In this city. February 8. 1900,
Catherine Fischer, a native of Prussia, aged
70 years.
FREESTROM— In Manila, P. L, October Zl.
189 S. Tage F. Freestrom, private Company B,
First Regiment, California Volunteer In-
fantry.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are. reep«ct-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Presidio Ceme-
tery. Members of Company B and friends
will assemble at Lombard-street entrance to
the Presidio to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:45
o'clock.
GAY— In this city. February 9, 1900, Theobald
Gay, a native of France, aged 43 years.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,
I. O. O. F. building. Funeral under the aus-
pices of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O.
F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy
street.
GILLISPIE— In this city, February 9. 1900,
Thomas Jefferson, beloved son of Thomas J.
and Catherine GlllUple, and grandson of
Thomas and Mary GlllUple and Michael and
Kate Monahan. a native of San Francisco,
aged E months and 24 dayc.
GORDON— In this city, February 7, 1900, Mag-
gie, beloved wife of Patrick Gordon, mother
of Louisa Gordon, and sister of Patrick and
John Connelly, Mrs. Kate Daly and Mrs. Lou
Flynn, a native of the parish of Drimoleague,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 35 years and 11
months.
¦ E^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Francis
Church for services. Interment Holy Cros«
Cemetery.
GOTTSCHALK— In this city, February 8, 1900.
John Ferdinand August Gottschalk, beloved
husband of the late Anna B. Gottschalk, and
father of Samuel Gottschalk, Mrs. Edward J.
Heveren, Mr*. Henry F. Byrne and the. late
Frederick W. Gottschalk. a native of Sles-
wlck. Holsteln. aged 66 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat« resi-
dence, 1114 Elm avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GUDMUNDSON— In this city. February 7, 1900.
Carrie Gudmundson, beloved wife of S. P.
Gudmundson. and mother of Roy B. and
Grace R. Gudmundson, a native of Sweden,
aged 36 years.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2E37 Btyant street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HAMMEL —In this city, February T, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of Gustav Hammel, a na-
tive of the city of Kassan, Hungary, aged 31
years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HAVES— At ParaJso Springs, Joseph, beloved
husband of Henrietta Hayes, son of the late
Philip Hayes, and brother of Mrs. Alice Wal-
tersteln. a native of Ban Francisco, aged 30
years
E^"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thle day
(Saturday), from the residence of his father-
in-law, SOS California street, thence to St,
Mary's Church. Dupont and California streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment strictly private,
HORN— In this city, February 8. 1900, Sarah L.
Horn, wife of the late William S. Horn, and
mother of Benjamin C. and Harriet N. Horn,
a native of Washington, D. C, aged 74 years
10 months and 22 days.
HAFFEY— In this city, February 9, 1900. Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Haffey,
and dearly beloved mother of James, Frank,
Edward, William, Hugh. Rev. Brother Vic-
tor, Mar>' and Margaret Haffey, a native of
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 63 years.
LEMON— In Manila, P. 1.. November 9, ISSS,
Charles Black Lemon, sergeant Company B,
First Regiment. California Volunteer In-
fantry, beloved brother of Robert Lemon of
Philadelphia, aped 31 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Presidio Ceme-
tery. Members of Company B and friends
will assemble at Lombard-street entrance to
the Presidio to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:45
o'clock.
LEVY— In this city, February 9, 1900. Herr-
man, beloved husband of Rosetta Levy, and
father of Mrs. Frank Wolf and Louis, Otto,
Eda and Melville Levy, a native of Ger-
many, aged 72 years and 9 days.
tTTriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence 1726 6utter street. Interment Home of
Peace C-metery. by ll:S0 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
LYDIATT— In this city, February 8, 1900, Ida J
Belle, beloved daughter of Amos and Florence j
O. Lydiatt. and sister of Olivia E.. Florence j
and George E. Lydiatt, n native of San Fran-
cisco, seed 1 year and 4 daya.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, £39 Jersey street, between Douglass and
Diamond.
McCABE— In this city, February 8. 1900, Ter-
rence McCabe, beloved brother of Patrick
and Hugh McCabe. Mrs. Margaret Burke of
New York City and the late Michael Mc-
Cabe. and nephew of Mrs. Bridget Russell,*
Marsaret Pounds and the late Patrick Carr
and Susan McFall, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 23 years.
CPFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
McMANUS— In this city, February 9, 19<v>, Ber-
nard McManus, beloved husband of the late
Margaret McManus, a native of Ireland, aged
77 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his stepdaughter. Mrs. Harry Kenny. 211J
Fillmore street. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery-
MESSINA— In Oakland, February 7, 1900, Rosa
Messina, beloved wife of Lulgl Messina, and
mother of John and Mary Messina, a native
of Italy, aged 42 years. (Placervllle papers
please copy.)
[CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 10S1H Seventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MULLER— In this city. February 9, 1900. Mary
Muller. beloved mother of Joseph, Annie and
Fred Muller. and wife of the late Casmlr Mul-
ler, a native of Philadelohla, Pa., aged 43
years.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn.... 120 23
100 Equitable Gas 3 75
«2000 Los Angeles Ry 65.. 105 STTU
100 Hana Plantation Co 7 J7i>
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 86 00
12000 S F & S J V Bonds us €24
100 Paauhau Sugar Co 25 $31^
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 73 75
15 Contra Costa Water 73 6;ii
10 Contra Costa Water 73 M
10 Giant Powder Con 94 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 50
100 Equitable Gas 3 e2U
20 Hutchlnson Sugar Co.. 25 3;^
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 2$
15 S V Water.... 9425
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. ,
Board —
175 Caribou jj
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Caribou 95
600 Home Oil. s 30 3 75
SOO Home Oil. b «0 3 gn
100 Home Oil. b 30 335
100 National _ g 35
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
400 Anaconda gg
100 Barker Ranch 1 X 5
Afternoon Session.
: Board—
100 Anaconda 50
200 Anaconda (5
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session
200 Best & Belcher 85 200 Mexican 23
200 Caledonia 33 300 Ophlr 68
300 Chollar 19 200 Sierra Nevada. 45
100 Gould & Curry. 21: 400 Union Con 31
60 Hale & N0r.... S3! 500 Yellow Jacket. 19
Afternoon Session
100 Gould & Curry. 19, 600 Sierra Nevada. 4*
200 Gould & Curry. ¦ IS SOO Sierra Nevada. 45
100 Mexican 2S 400 Union 00n.;.... 32
200 Ophlr 62 200 Utah . 03
400 Potosi .. 2Sf
Jensen, a native of Grenaa. Denmark, aged
20 years 9 months and 26 days.
k. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2:80 o'clock, from the chapel
of the Odd Fellows' Crematorium, where fu-
neral services will b* held. Please omit flow-
EHP»_in this city. February S. 1900, Con Shea.
B ffi D bother of Patrick. Dennis. John.
H>nnorah and Mary Shea, a native of the
Parish BearhaveX County Cork, Ireland.
ar cXFriends"and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) « 1:45 o'clw*- from the parlors of
ie O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 8 o'clock? Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
PTF"FGS— In Paso Robles. February 8. 1900,
Henry" Steers, a native of Germany, aged 48
"ears A member of Vorwaerts Stamm No.
255 U. O. R. M.. and Court Hubert us No. 15,
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) from Red Men's Hall. 610 Bush
itropt where services will be held, commenc-
fn« at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
. & Co.. 11S7 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
qWEENEY— In this city, February 7. 1900,
Margaret Agnes, beloved sister of William
and Jerry Sweeney, and niece of Mrs. John
Troy Mrs. Jeremiah Hurley. Mrs. Nora
Burns and Miss Hannah Sweeney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 21 years 11 months
and 5 days.
gy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
rq-iturday) at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of MeAvoy * Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Elrhth and Ninth, thence to St. Dominic"s
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
th RISEN— In this city. February 8. 1900, John,
dearly beloved husband of Elisabeth Theisen.
and father of Mrs. J. C. Witt and Louis. Liz-
zie Josephine and Emma Thelsen, a native
of 'Koln. Germany, aged Et years 4 months
BJ ir7' Friends and acquaintance* are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock. ' from his late resi-
dence 310 Persia avenue, between Lisbon and
Madrid streets, off Mission road. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
THOMPSON— KiIIed In action In Manila, P. 1..
March 25. 1?W. Thomas Thompson, private
battery K. Third United States Artillery,
dearly beloved son of Nils and Mary Thomp-
son and brother of Rose Thompson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years 7 months and
22 days.
(C7- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, froimthe Y. M. C. A.
building. Presidio. San Francisco. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
WEBB— In this city. February 8, 1900. Gene-
vleve >M.. beloved and youngest daurhter of
Sidney M-. and Lizzie Webb, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year aad t months.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Pag« Bight.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 9.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. 55 hours from
Stmr Del Norte. Alien. 27 hours from Trini
dad- bound south: put in to land passengers.
Stmr Laguna. Stark. 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp. 23 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu « days U hours.
Stmr Newburg, Petersen. 45 hours from San
Stmr City of Para, Seeder. 20 dayi froza Pa
nama, etc. _..'-'-. „
Schr Webfoot. Mercer. Jr» days from Cooa
Bay.
Schr Marlon. Topfer. 8 days from Tacoma.
CLEARED.
Friday, February 9.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona. Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
Stmr Humboldt. Bonlfleld, Seattle: M Kallsh.
Br stmr Lady Jolcey, Cook, Hongkong, via
San Diego; Cal and Oriental S S Co.
Ocr stmr Volumnla. Petersen. Hanmburg and
way ports: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Jap fttmr Nippon Maru, Allen. Hongkong and
Yokohama; W H Avery.
Ship Tillie E Starbuck, Curtis, Honolulu;
¦Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Br sbio Falls of Afton. Title. Queenstown;
Epplnger & Co.
Br bark Invermay, Lamost. Queenstown;
Balfour, Gutlirie & Co.
SAILED
Friday, February 9.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crui.
Stmr Greenwood. Fegerlund. .
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. .
Stmr Humboldt. Bonlfleld. Seattl«.
Stmr Senator. Patterson. Seattle.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson. Crescent City.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson. Chemainus.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. Yokohama and
Hongkong, via Honolulu.
Ship Occidental. Bennett. Seattle.
Schr Eclipse, Brummer. Seattle.
Schr Vine, Small, Grays Harbor.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nyman. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 9, 10 d n>— Weather
ha«y: wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Feb 5. lat 49 N, lon 6 W— Br bark Kinross
•hire, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Tug Maggie and schr Berwick are ashor*
about ICO feet north of the Jetty at Eiuslaw.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Barbound Feb 9— Stmr Arcata.
REDONDO— SaiIed Feb »— Schr La Gtronde,
for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived F»b «— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Feb 4.
Sailed Feb B—Stmr8 — Stmr Santa Rosalie, for Alaska.
Feb 9— Stmr Aberdeen, for Tacoma and Saa
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb »— Bear Wlnslow.
from Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 9— Schr Alcalds. for
Tacoma: stmr Rival, for Coos Bay.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 9— Stcar Columbia,
hence Feb 7; Br stmr Ness, from Kutchinotiu.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Westport,
hence Feb 7.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb »— Br stmr Robert
Adamson. from Nanaimo.
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed Feb 9— Bktn Katie
Fliekinger. for Dutch Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 9— Stnsr Lakme.
for Dutch Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Alca
aar. for San Francisco.
PORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb *— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT,
NORFOLK. Va— Sailed Feb S— Br «tmr St
Jerome, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS
MANILA— Sailed Feb »— Br stxnr Duk« of
Fife, for San Francisco, via Nagasaki.
COLON— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Bailed Feb T— Stnsr Advance. for'Neir York.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Feb 4— Haw bark
Star of France, from Honolulu.
703. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
Time \1 -24V4: H = <S H: X: 1:13%. Good start. Won first three driving-. Winner. W. R. Lar
zelere's br m. by imp. Brutus-Nabette. Jingle ridden from the jump. Montallade had
plenty of speed. Good Hope could not keep up. Perseus ran a nice race.
TO SAIL.
700. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, *4*X
Time— «4. -28; Vi, ¦&%; Si. 1:16H: mile. 1:424. Good Btart. Won first three driving. Winner.
G. W. Scott's blk. m., by Britannic-Lady McNalry. Winner hard pressed at the close. Tempo
Interfered with at start. Los Prieto* will win soon. My Dear wretchedly ridden. Scratched
701. SECOND RACE — One mile; selling; threa-year-olds and upward; purse. J4OO.
Time— \i :25V4: H. :W4: %. l:15H; mile. 1:48. Bad Btart. Won first three driving. Winner.
Burns '& Waterhouse's b. g.. by St. Andrew-Eitract. Essence away poorly, but very for
tunate. Bullman allowed Jenkins to get through, on the rail. Hays quit badly.
7«2. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, J4OO
Time Vi :13: H. :37H! %. 1:0214: %. I:2$H- Good start. Won ridden out, second and third
driving. Winner, W. F. Schulte's b. c, by Florist-Canary- Florabird showed intermittent
etreaks of speed. Slsquoc game for what he can do. Mission tired. Antler was sore.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Friday, February S. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fart.
TO BATTLE
AGAIN FOR
SUPREMACY
Yellowtail, Advance Guard
and F. W. Brode Meet
To-Day.
Nothing was talked about at Oakland
track yesterday but the return race be
tween the three grreat colts F. "W. Brode,
Advance Guard and Yellowtall. Horse
men overlooked good things Just for the
sake of an argument as to the merit or
demerit of this or that one. Under the
changed conditions, with F. "W. Brode
picking up 3 pounds additional and Tel
lowtail being conceded 7 pounds, the re
sult looks quite as doubtful as It did on
Thursday previous to the race. It is ar
gued that carrying 110 pounds Yellowtall
will cover the distance (one mile) In 1:39
flat. If he does the big fellow will win.
However, he came out of Thursday's race
badly distressed and may not be as sharp
as on that occasion. Alex Shields says
Advance Guard will be a better horse to
day and admirers of Brode look wise and
Bay, "His number was hung out the other
day, wasn't it?" It will assuredly result
in another superb test of speed and endur
ance. With the exception of on© or two
throwdowns the talent fared very well.
Three favorites were turned down, but as
In each instance the winner was well
backed the books did not profit to any
great extent.
Lady Britannic, a 5 to 1 chance, backed
down to 3H. captured the opening mile
selling run. The black mare was ridden
by Jack Martin and after making all the
running won hard ridden from the 4 to S
choice, Tempo. Los Prletos finished In the
show.
Jenkins, astride the 7 to 10 favorite. Es
sence, played in rare good luck in the
mile selling affair next decided. Getting
away absolutely last, he trailed his field
to the stretch turn. Skirting the rail Bull
man, on Stuttgart, failed to Impede his
progress, and In a hard drive downed
Glengaber a neck, Stuttgart being only a
head further away.
Another warm choice was served up in
Florablrd for the seven furlong number,
with a bunch of seven starting. The Flor
ist colt stood plenty of urging, finally win
ning handily from Mont Eagle. Mission
tired badly, losing third place to Slsquoc.
For the first six furlong sprint Good
Hope received such steady support at 11
to 5 that the odds against Jingle Jingle,
the favorite, receded to the same figure.
It proved a false scare, for Bullman took
the latter away in the lead and, never
headed, downed Montallade half a length.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Unite* States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front • (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than *t Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at I»th places.
SATURDAY, ITEBRUA.RY 10.
Sun rise* T:O6
Sun sets 1:43
Moon sets 4:20 a. m.
NOTD— In the above exposition of the tide*
th« early morning: tides are given In the left
har.d cciunin and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. th« third tlm« column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th« day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tbe height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is th« mean of the lower low waters.
11
o \run« ixim« nine nmej
f, PL V— Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W }H TV L, W |H W
10 ... *:05 J.l! t-M 5.« 3:15—0.3: 9:301 4.8
LI ... *:C8 I.V »:0* 6-i *:iB'— 0.31 l»:20! 4.8
12 ... J:52 Ml »:M 6.8 4:3?,— 0.f. 11:051 8.0
13 ... 4:3« J.f! 10:49 B.«! 5:04 0.0 11:58! S.I
14 ... S:IS !.:» U:2J 5.4 5:321 0.3
HWI L W H W (L W
15 ... «:» B.» B:E3 1.1 12:03 5.2 «:«! 0.«
.5 ... 0:53 i.t t:3it. 1.9 12:42 i 4.9| 6:31; 1.0
Steamer.
From.
Dae
Coos Bay (Newport (Feb. 10
Willamette jSeattle |Feb. 10
Kavarro IHumboldt Feb. 19
Empire Coos Bay ~ [Feb. I*
Sunol Grays Harbor IFeb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt „ iFeb. 11
Queen ...Victoria & Pnget Sound: Feb. 11
Coqulll* River.. 'Gray* Harbor {Feb. 11
Arcata Coos Bay iFeb. 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor jFeb. 11
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. 12
Corona San Diego IFeb. 12
Czarina [Puset Sound ....jFeb. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City [Feb. 14
Columbia Portland [Feb. 14
Bonlta [Newport 'Feb. 1+
Aloha Crescent City [Feb. 14
North Fork IHumboldt ,Feb. 15
Point Arena ... Point Arena (Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt |Feb. 15
Mackinaw ...-Seattle iFeb. 13
A. Blancharel-.'Coos Bay Feb. 13
"Wellington lOyster Harbor (Feb. 15
Pcmona San Diego iFeb. 15
Aberdeen Portland iFeb. 16
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Puret Sound Feb. 16
Coptic China and Japan IFeb. 17
State o? Cal Portland Feb. 13
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pl«r.
Newburt ..[Grays Harbor Feb. 10. spm;Pler»
Pomona ...]San Dleso Feb. I<>. 11 am! Pier 11
UmatlHa ..|Vic & Pgt Sd. Feb. 19. 19 amPier %
North Fork]Humboldt Feb. 10. » am>Pter 2
Pt Arena. .'Point Arena. .l Feb. 10. S pmPler t
Sainoe IHumboldt IFeb. 11. WamjPierlS
Mate of Call Portland Feb. 12. 19 azn;Pler 24
Coos Bay. ..'Newport Feb. 12, 9am;Pierll
Orizaba ...IHumboldt Feb. 13. 3 pm'Pler 9
Cleveland .iKahulul (Feb. 13, II mlPlerM
Corona !San Dle^o IFeb. 14, llam'Plerll
Arcata Coos Bay jFeb. 14, 19 amPler 13
Coqullla ... Grays HarborjFeb. 14, I
Queen Vie & Prt Sd.lFeb. 15. lOam'P'.er S
A Blanch'd O*>» Bay Feb. IS, 6 pm|Pler 13
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. IS. 9 am|Pler 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio Chlna& Japan' Feb. 17. 1 pm!PMS3
Index. Horse. Age. W«ight.iSt. Km. Vim. %m.
736 Lady Britannic, c.. SS 5 11 11 11
74* Tempo. 6 109 7 6 4 6 1 6 4
725 Los Prietoa, 5 103 S 6 1 5 4 >h
740 L'terp. 4 S3 9 8h 2H 2 1
... Hannah Reid, 4 993 41 4h 62
706 Llxzella, 6? 102j 1 I h 8 4 7 2
745 Vinctora. 4 9S 6 9 h 9 1 8 1
ISS Scintillate, B 103 4 2h S3 (h
706 Mr Dear, 4 93JU 10 5 7 1 9 5
652 Dtirward. « 104;i0 7 4 10 5 10 6
... Manzanlllo. a 103; 2 2 1 11 11
Str.
1 4
2 h
4 1
8 4
6 1
7 1
8 1
5 h
9 4
10 S
11
Fin.
1 n
2 n
SI
4 2
6 h
« 2
7 3
« 6
9 6
19 10
11
_!
• I Bettlr.tr.
I Jociceya. 'Op. Cl.
J. Martin 5 7-2
Spencar 4-6 4 6
Heinsoa < 7
Ranch S 20
Henry 7 20
Moree 10 (0
J. I>aly 12 40
I. Powell 15 «
Phelan 13 30
E. Ross 80 100
Vttlltoe 7 tO
ndex. Horee. Age. Weight. [St.
750 Essence. 1 102 $
735 Glensaber, 4 119 2
7J9 Btuttgart. 4 116 a
742 Sylvan Lass, 4 114 4
754 Rlxford, 1 101 1
719 J. V. Hays. S 104 5
Vim, him.
< c
SI » n
11 In
4 H 4 \i
62 5 2
21 21
6
Ih
1 1
5 4
2 h
4 b
Str.
S 1
2 H
11
s s
4 1
6
Fin.
1 h
2 1
S S
4 3
5 3
6
J Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Jenkins 4-5 7-10
Spencer 4 11-3
Bullman 4 7-2
Romero 50 100
T. Walsh 15 43
|Henry I 12
ndex. Hone. Welght.|St. Km. *£m.
(750) Florabird 108! S * 1 4 2
734 Mont Eagle 105' 8 610 5 1
TSS Slsquoo 105! 3 3 2 3 %
737 Mission _....106j 4 !n >h !
730 Zlska £S; 2 12 11
750 Edgardo 100. 7 8 n 6 13
737 Antler HO; 17 7
Z 1
5 S
4 n
2 h
1 h
6 S
7
Str.
1 n
2 2
6 4
3 b
4 :
6 I
7
Fin. | Jockeys. jOp. CL
1 IV4 Vittito* I 4-5 7-10
2 4 Jenkins 3 4
3 3 Buchanan .... 8 8
4S Bullman 4 7
6 6 T. Walsh « S3
« 3 J. Daly 60 300
7 Ruiz 60 100
ndex. Horge. Age. W»lght.|St.~
735 Jingle Jingle, i 106 2
7£5 Montallade. a 104 3
74* Good Hope, 4 102 6
733 Grand Sachem, 5. ..104 1
745 Perseus, a ....- 104 4
him.
Hm. *jm. Str.
IS 12 11
21 2 2 2 1
65 3 h
424 2 4 h
3h» n 5
Fin.
14
2 2
3 n
4 1
B
| Jockeys. |Qp. Cl
Bullman 7-5 11-5
T. Walsh 6-2 5-2
Vlttltoe 11-5 U-5
Jenkins S 7
_ Morgan 20 30
fndex. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
740 Alarla, 4 10" 1
752 Bister AUc«. S 107 3
741 Wyoming, a 119 2
751 Don Luis. 5. 112 4
745 None Such. 5. 112 5
734 Inverary 11. S 109 6
\im. hjTn. \m. Str.
3t 2~h 2 \i 14
1 H 11V4 11 21
41 4 1H SH 81
2 H 32 42 4 2
5 6 56 53 63
g 6 8 *
Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
Ins E. Ross 3 7-2
2 I*4 Spencer 5-J 3
3 2 T. Walsh 1 l
4 3 Vltttto« 11 li
5 n Morgan 50 100
6 Helnson 100 75
r^., Hm >. Age. Weight. l St. Vim. %m.
752 Pomplno. 4 ...99 f — '»
732 Harry Thoburn. 6..106 4 ... f
740 Monrovia, a }»» — \\
714 Tlburon, 4 ;"•*£ ! -" 5 ,
(748) Katie Gibbons. 4. ..104 « ... T 2
74S Sallle Goodwin. 8...107 I ... 4H
/^n p.... 4 104 1 ... * *
»;m. Str. :
3" 4 In
In 2 H
62 6 %
4 h 3 i.
7 4 7 10
61 6 1
2H 4 h
8 I
_Fln. I Jockeys. |Op. ci.
liH Henry I | 4
2 2 Cullman 7-j 5.2
8 n T. Walsh- g s
4 1 Morgan 5 15
E h Jenkins 10 20
6 H E. Ross 20 100
7 S Vittitoe S-J 1
8 J. T. Woods.. 100 200
r^., Hm >. Age. Weight. l St. Vim. %m.
752 Pomplno. 4 ...99 f — '»
732 Harry Thoburn. 6..106 4 ... f
740 Monrovia, a }»» — \\
714 Tlburon, 4 ;"•*£ ! -" 5 ,
(748) Katie Gibbons. 4. ..104 « ... T 2
74S Sallle Goodwin. 8...107 I ... 4H
/^n p.... 4 104 1 ... * *
»;m. Str. :
3" 4 In
In 2 H
62 6 %
4 h 3 i.
7 4 7 10
61 6 1
2H 4 h
8 I
_Fln. I Jockeys. |Op. ci.
liH Henry I | 4
2 2 Cullman 7-j 5.2
8 n T. Walsh- g s
4 1 Morgan 5 15
E h Jenkins 10 20
6 H E. Ross 20 100
7 S Vittitoe S-J 1
8 J. T. Woods.. 100 200
fndex. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
740 Alarla, 4 10" 1
752 Bister AUc«. S 107 3
741 Wyoming, a 119 2
751 Don Luis. 5. 112 4
745 None Such. 5. 112 5
734 Inverary 11. S 109 6
\im. hjTn. \m. Str.
3t 2~h 2 \i 14
1 H 11V4 11 21
41 4 1H SH 81
2 H 32 42 4 2
5 6 56 53 63
g 6 8 *
Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
Ins E. Ross 3 7-2
2 I*4 Spencer 5-J 3
3 2 T. Walsh 1 l
4 3 Vltttto« 11 li
5 n Morgan 50 100
6 Helnson 100 75
ndex. Horge. Age. W»lght.|St.~
735 Jingle Jingle, i 106 2
7£5 Montallade. a 104 3
74* Good Hope, 4 102 6
733 Grand Sachem, 5. ..104 1
745 Perseus, a ....- 104 4
him.
Hm. *jm. Str.
IS 12 11
21 2 2 2 1
65 3 h
424 2 4 h
3h» n 5
Fin.
14
2 2
3 n
4 1
B
| Jockeys. |Qp. Cl
Bullman 7-5 11-5
T. Walsh 6-2 5-2
Vlttltoe 11-5 U-5
Jenkins S 7
_ Morgan 20 30
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pl«r.
Newburt ..[Grays Harbor Feb. 10. spm;Pler»
Pomona ...]San Dleso Feb. I<>. 11 am! Pier 11
UmatlHa ..|Vic & Pgt Sd. Feb. 19. 19 amPier %
North Fork]Humboldt Feb. 10. » am>Pter 2
Pt Arena. .'Point Arena. .l Feb. 10. S pmPler t
Sainoe IHumboldt IFeb. 11. WamjPierlS
Mate of Call Portland Feb. 12. 19 azn;Pler 24
Coos Bay. ..'Newport Feb. 12, 9am;Pierll
Orizaba ...IHumboldt Feb. 13. 3 pm'Pler 9
Cleveland .iKahulul (Feb. 13, II mlPlerM
Corona !San Dle^o IFeb. 14, llam'Plerll
Arcata Coos Bay jFeb. 14, 19 amPler 13
Coqullla ... Grays HarborjFeb. 14, I
Queen Vie & Prt Sd.lFeb. 15. lOam'P'.er S
A Blanch'd O*>» Bay Feb. IS, 6 pm|Pler 13
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. IS. 9 am|Pler 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio Chlna& Japan' Feb. 17. 1 pm!PMS3
Index. Horse. Age. W«ight.iSt. Km. Vim. %m.
736 Lady Britannic, c.. SS 5 11 11 11
74* Tempo. 6 109 7 6 4 6 1 6 4
725 Los Prietoa, 5 103 S 6 1 5 4 >h
740 L'terp. 4 S3 9 8h 2H 2 1
... Hannah Reid, 4 993 41 4h 62
706 Llxzella, 6? 102j 1 I h 8 4 7 2
745 Vinctora. 4 9S 6 9 h 9 1 8 1
ISS Scintillate, B 103 4 2h S3 (h
706 Mr Dear, 4 93JU 10 5 7 1 9 5
652 Dtirward. « 104;i0 7 4 10 5 10 6
... Manzanlllo. a 103; 2 2 1 11 11
Str.
1 4
2 h
4 1
8 4
6 1
7 1
8 1
5 h
9 4
10 S
11
Fin.
1 n
2 n
SI
4 2
6 h
« 2
7 3
« 6
9 6
19 10
11
_!
• I Bettlr.tr.
I Jociceya. 'Op. Cl.
J. Martin 5 7-2
Spencar 4-6 4 6
Heinsoa < 7
Ranch S 20
Henry 7 20
Moree 10 (0
J. I>aly 12 40
I. Powell 15 «
Phelan 13 30
E. Ross 80 100
Vttlltoe 7 tO
ndex. Horee. Age. Weight. [St.
750 Essence. 1 102 $
735 Glensaber, 4 119 2
7J9 Btuttgart. 4 116 a
742 Sylvan Lass, 4 114 4
754 Rlxford, 1 101 1
719 J. V. Hays. S 104 5
Vim, him.
< c
SI » n
11 In
4 H 4 \i
62 5 2
21 21
6
Ih
1 1
5 4
2 h
4 b
Str.
S 1
2 H
11
s s
4 1
6
Fin.
1 h
2 1
S S
4 3
5 3
6
J Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Jenkins 4-5 7-10
Spencer 4 11-3
Bullman 4 7-2
Romero 50 100
T. Walsh 15 43
|Henry I 12
ndex. Hone. Welght.|St. Km. *£m.
(750) Florabird 108! S * 1 4 2
734 Mont Eagle 105' 8 610 5 1
TSS Slsquoo 105! 3 3 2 3 %
737 Mission _....106j 4 !n >h !
730 Zlska £S; 2 12 11
750 Edgardo 100. 7 8 n 6 13
737 Antler HO; 17 7
Z 1
5 S
4 n
2 h
1 h
6 S
7
Str.
1 n
2 2
6 4
3 b
4 :
6 I
7
Fin. | Jockeys. jOp. CL
1 IV4 Vittito* I 4-5 7-10
2 4 Jenkins 3 4
3 3 Buchanan .... 8 8
4S Bullman 4 7
6 6 T. Walsh « S3
« 3 J. Daly 60 300
7 Ruiz 60 100
o \run« ixim« nine nmej
f, PL V— Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W }H TV L, W |H W
10 ... *:05 J.l! t-M 5.« 3:15—0.3: 9:301 4.8
LI ... *:C8 I.V »:0* 6-i *:iB'— 0.31 l»:20! 4.8
12 ... J:52 Ml »:M 6.8 4:3?,— 0.f. 11:051 8.0
13 ... 4:3« J.f! 10:49 B.«! 5:04 0.0 11:58! S.I
14 ... S:IS !.:» U:2J 5.4 5:321 0.3
HWI L W H W (L W
15 ... «:» B.» B:E3 1.1 12:03 5.2 «:«! 0.«
.5 ... 0:53 i.t t:3it. 1.9 12:42 i 4.9| 6:31; 1.0
Steamer.
From.
Dae
Coos Bay (Newport (Feb. 10
Willamette jSeattle |Feb. 10
Kavarro IHumboldt Feb. 19
Empire Coos Bay ~ [Feb. I*
Sunol Grays Harbor IFeb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt „ iFeb. 11
Queen ...Victoria & Pnget Sound: Feb. 11
Coqulll* River.. 'Gray* Harbor {Feb. 11
Arcata Coos Bay iFeb. 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor jFeb. 11
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. 12
Corona San Diego IFeb. 12
Czarina [Puset Sound ....jFeb. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City [Feb. 14
Columbia Portland [Feb. 14
Bonlta [Newport 'Feb. 1+
Aloha Crescent City [Feb. 14
North Fork IHumboldt ,Feb. 15
Point Arena ... Point Arena (Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt |Feb. 15
Mackinaw ...-Seattle iFeb. 13
A. Blancharel-.'Coos Bay Feb. 13
"Wellington lOyster Harbor (Feb. 15
Pcmona San Diego iFeb. 15
Aberdeen Portland iFeb. 16
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Puret Sound Feb. 16
Coptic China and Japan IFeb. 17
State o? Cal Portland Feb. 13rendered and canceled said notes, and that
thereupon said Scheld secreted or disposed of
paid money, except the sum of about $300, in
some manner unknown to Bald creditors.
One of the saddest things in connection
with the whole affair Is that, after the
death of his father, v.hich he witnessed,
Glueck's little boy died, the physicians
declaring that his death was due to the
nervous shock resulting from seeing his
father shot.
FAiMILY WRECKED BY DEATH
A sensational suit was filed yesterday
in the United States District Court by
Mrs. Johanna Glueck, who accuses Adolph
Scheld, son of the millionaire brewer, of
fraud, to escape paying for the life of her
husband, whom Scheld killed. Ine de
fendant seeks to be declared an insolvent,
and Mrs. Glueck swears he has hidden
his property. One of the saddest incidents
in this, the sequel of a tragedy, was the
death of Glueck's eldest son, who died
from the shock of witnessing his father's
death. --¦¦- : - --'¦-
ANniE FSSHER
A MOTHER seated at the win
dow In an old armchair cold
in death, a daughter in bed in
the same room almost insane
with drink and a son huddled up in
a corner of another room in a drunk
en stupor was the sight that greeted
the eyes of Policemen Tyrrell and
McCormack Thursday night when
they entered the three-roomed house
at 11 Sherwood place. The house was
occupied by Mrs. Catharine Fisher
and her son and daughter, Ferdinand
and Annie, the son being about 44
years of age and the daughter 38.
Mrs. Fisher was about 70 years of age
and had been for years a sufferer
from asthma.
Some of the npfe-hbors saw Annie
SAFE-CRACKERS
PLY TRADE IN
TIE POTRERO
,
Attempt to Blow Open
Rancke's Safe.
WERE FRIGHTENED AWAY
»
DBILLED THE SAFE AND BROKE
INTO CASH REGISTER.
Burglars attempted to blow open the
safe of Rancke Brothers, grocers at IjC2
Kentucky street, some time between mid
night Thursday and yesterday mornirg.
Evidently the safe-crackers were Inter
rupted in their work, for when the pro
prietors of the store opened their place of
business yesterday morning they found a
hole drilled Into the safe and a can of oil
and a large fuse lying on the floor along
side it. v
The thieves effected an entrance to th«»
place by prying open the back door with a
Jimmy. The safe was situated in one cor
ner of the store, so far from the street
that It would be almost impossible to hear
the noise of the drill from the outside.
Falling in their efforts to break into the
safe, which contained a large amount of
money, the burglars turned their atten
tion to the cash register, relieving it of
$12 in silver. In their hurry to get away
from the place the thieves did not neglect
to cart off about 200 choice cigars and a
bag containing 100 cent pieces.
The proprietors of the store are Inclined
to believe that the would-be safe-crackers
were well acquainted with the premises,
as the cent pieces were in a canvas bag
behind the counter, where nobody would
be liable to find them. They also believe
the burglars thought they were carrying
off a bag of $5 pieces. • ' •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1900.
Accused of Extortion.
Asa H. King, an agent, and William
Hale, a real estate agent, were arrested
Liquor license Collections.
The license office had a busy day yes
terday collecting saloon licenses granted
by the Police Commission as provided by
the charter. Over 350 liquor licenses were
made out at $21 per quarter, and these,
together with nickel card machines and
, others, arerecated $8000.
Wanted in Sacramento.
Joseph de la Rosa, who was discharged
by Judge Cook yesterday on the charge
of forgery for having signed his father's
name to a document asking assistance
for him from his fellow countrymen, was
rearrested yesterday by Detectives Wren
and Dinan on a Justice's warrant from
Sacramento. He Is wanted there on a
felony charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cougrh. Never falls. Try it. All drussts"- *
In the Divorce Court.
Ida Hoffman was granted a divorce
from M. A. Hoffman by Judge Hebbard
yesterday on the ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Jennie
Kuhlmeyer against Edward Kuhlmeyer,
for Intemperance; Henry J. Keen against
Katie W. Keen, for desertion; Mrs. P El
gin against A, Elgin, for desertion: Nellie
Rosa against Earl Rosa, for desertion, nnd
Jennie C. Robinson against Frank H; Rob
inson, for desertion. - .
Limoges Chinawarc
Bargains-
It's Worth Yonr
Coming: Just to See.
Great American ImportiDff Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere*
zoo Stores.
Federal Indictments.
The Federal Grand Jury reported yes
terday to United States District Judge
de Haven that It had Ignored the charges
preferred against William Holmes, mas
ter-at-arms of the Government transport
Thomas, by Cc#lpasser Daniel Moran,
who testified before the jury that Holmes
had assaulted him with a belaying pin.
The charge against Moran for striking
the fourth mate was also ignored, on the
ground that the coalpasser had been suf
ficiently punished by being kept in irons
and fed on a cooling diet of water and
bread.
- The Jury found true bills against the
following: Ma Su, Japanese saloon boy
on board the America Maxu, smuggling.
Charley Hlng. a Chinaman manufacturing
opium without a license and failure to
cancel the stamps on boxes which had
contained opium. The charge of smug
gling preferred against John Benson of
the Curacao was ignored.
UNQUENCHABLE INDIGNATION.
Coroner Cole, Refuses to Be Mollified
by an Extension of Liquid
Hospitality.
Coroner Cole . impaneled a Jury,yester
day and paid a visit to the Standard bis
cuit factory at 701 Front street, where
Bernlce McClellan was . killed last
Wednesday by falling, through an inse
cure and unprotected elevator trap. The
Cproner and the Jurors made a careful
inspection of the premises and the eleva
iui *\itn the resuit that the kind-hearted
Coroner grew Indignant over the lack of
care evident around the • elevator - shaft
and forcibly expressed himself to Presi
dent Jacoby.
"It's damnable, • sir. damnable," said
the Coroner. "I am worked up to fever
heat over the contemplation of It."
. Mr. Jacoby interrupted the* flow of in
dignation by inviting all hands to take
a drink at his expense.
"It's damnable, sir," repeated Coroner
Cole. In no wise mollified by the offer of
liquid hospitality, "but before I accept
your Invitation, sir, I want you to un
derstand that I will not be pacified with
a drink. I accept your invitation, but
my' indignation, sir, is not quenchable in
the least."
The inquest will be held next Tuesday
morning at 10 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SORRY SIGHT
It is, to see a strong man. shaken like a
reed by a paroxysm of cocghing, which
leaves him gasping for breath. People
have suffered with bronchial affections
xbr years, with obstinate, stubborn cough,
and growing weakness. They have tried
doctors and mcdi-
J^^*^> cme s in vain. At
/^^^2si last they have been
f/o*^J Kerce's Golden lled-
<P t H ical Discovery, with
p^|gfe^^ ful medicine^to the
chial affections, weak
lallPfill^ll^i diseases of the or-
Wttsi&&r%&y**>i K ans °^ respiration,
n Golden Medical
gp&S^!^^ most' always cures.
fc*B?Sls?33^* "I had b-ea troubled
with bronchitis and
catarrh of the head for
eight yean ; had severe
coup-h. and at times great
difficulty la breathing."
writes t. W. Howertoa,
Esq., of Bicfall, Hancock
Co., Tena. "A portion
of the time my appetite
•was poor and part of the
time! was unable to do
anything. I had been
treated by our bett country phyeicians for
eeveral yean but with little benefit. I had been
reading about your media ne for a long time
but hadn't xr-ich faith in it. Laet spring; con-
cluded I would try it, aid before I had taken
one-third of a bcttle of Dr. Pierce** Golden
Medical Discovery I began to mend. I con-
tinued taking it until I bad taken several
bottles. Took Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets al»o.
Now I feel like a new man, and can do aa hard
a day's work as any one."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser is sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for paper covered, or 31 stamps for doth
binding, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
POLICE COURT FARCE.
Strategy Adopted by the Judges to
Procure the Services of a
Stenographer.
The daily fight among the Police Judges
to get possession of one of the two stenog
raphers is becominginteresting. Yesterday
afternoon Judges Fritz, .Mogan and Ca
banlss had preliminary examinations ,In
felony cases. Stenographer Long: hap
pened to drop into Judge Fritz's court,
and the Judge ordered him to stay under
penalty of being arrested for contempt.
Long was wanted in Judge Mogan's court,
and as Fritz refused to give him up Mo
gan issued a subpoena for the stenogra
pher to appear In his court forthwith.
The subpoena was served and Prosecuting
Attorney Davis of Judge Mogan' s court
appeared to show cause why Long should
be turned over to him. Judge Fritz was
firm, and Bailiff Knight was sent to pro
cure Loruy's pencils and notebooks.
Judge Mogan then issued a subpoena for
the attendance of Stenographer Vernon,
but Judge Cabaniss declined to part with
him till the case was concluded.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bunko Man Sentenced.
Bitero Guadello, who pleaded guilty last
Thursday to the charge of having been
found with counterfeit coin molds in his
possession, was sentenced by United
States Judge de Haven yesterday to two
years' imprisonment in the Folsom peni
tentiary.
Narjot Hearing Commenced.
. The preliminary examination of Ernest
Narjot on the charge of murdering J.
O'Neill Gleason In Stanley's grotto, Turk
and Mason streets, was commenced yes
terday afternoon before Judge Fritz. I.
W. Stanley, proprietor of the grotto, was
called and testified as to the dead man's
Identity. Corporal George W. Russell,
who made a diagram of the scene of the
shooting, took the stand, but as the dia
gram was incomplete a continuance was
granted till Monday afternoon.
If yon want a healthy drink try Jess» Moor*
"AA" whiskey.
Internal Bevenue Collections.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch reports collections of $251,88155 for
the month of January.
City Prison Flooded.
A pipe burst yesterday morning In the
City Prison and in a few minutes there
were over two inches of water on the floor
of the prison and in the cells. Those near
est the east wall suffered most, and boards
and doors had to be placed on the floor
to enable the prisoners to walk to and
from the courts without getting their feet
wet. Captain Seymour tried for several
hours to get the services of a plumber,
and it was not until late in the afternoon
that he was successful.
BIGGY USED A GUN ON A
VICIOUS CHINESE DOG
While Exploring the Dark Alleys in
Chinatown Many Discoveries
Were Made.
Last night Acting Chief of Police Biggy,
in company with Captain Wittman. ex
plored many alleys and places in China
town which are seldom viewed by the pub
lic. Their purpose was to locate "es
capes" to many of the buildings in which
are situated houses of ill fame and gam
bling dens. They were successful in most
instances and good work was accom
plished during the evening.
While in a dark yard inclosed by a fence
at the extreme end of Church alley the
officers were attacked by a vicious uog,
the property of one of the Mongolians.
Biggy's presence of mind saved some of
the party from injury, for when the act
ing Chief saw that the dog was almost
upon them he fired a shot from his re
volver for the purpose of frightening !t
away. The flash and report of the weapon
had the desired effect, and henceforwaid
the owner of the animal will keep it tied
up when officers are around.
One thing was strikingly demonstrated
to the acting Chief and police captain,
and revealed to them- how crime can be
committed and covered up in the Chinese
quarter. While the report of the pistol
was loud, still it was not heard on any of
the streets and created no commot'.on
which would lead any of the squads to
know that it had ever been fired.
TEACHERS
MAY LOSE
POSITIONS
Rumors of Wholesale
Consolidation.
Rumors are rife that a. wholesale con
solidation of classes in the public schools
and the placing of teachers on the un
assigmed list will be made at next "Wed
nesday's meeting of the Board of Educa
tion. It is said that the principals of
schools have been called to meet in Chair
man Mark's chambers oh next Monday
DR. LEYDS SENDS REPLY.
Transvaal Agent Thanks Americans
for Their Moral Support.
After the great mass-meeting In favor
of the Boers held in this city several
weeks. ago, a copy of the resolutions that
were adopted was sent to the agent of
the Transvaal Republic, W. J. Leyds, at
Brussels. The following reply has been
received:
BRUSSELS. Jan. 15. 1900.
Edward W. Thurman, San Francisco— Sir: I
beg to acknowledge with many thanksi the re
ceipt of your letter of January 1. From the
sentiments you express it is evident that your
sympathy with my country and my people in.
the strusrele for independence is considerable
and worthy of a rreat republic which, as you
observe, has a history behind It similar to ours.
I appreciate your good wishes and also the
suggestions contained in your letter, which will
receive my further consideration. Respect
fully yours, W. J. LEYDS.
8 Rue de Llvonne.
Treaties With Trance.
William M. Bunker, the San Francisco
newspaper man who is now in Paris as
honorary commissioner of the local
Chamber of Commerce, has written a let
ter to the members In which he discusses
the treaties being considered by this
country and France. Of the Kasson re
ciprocity treaty he writes: "The French
opposition to the treaty is more apparent
than real. French politicians opposed to
the present Government of France are
against the treaty, as they are against
other administration measures, but I do
not think, from all that I can learn, that
the treaty will lack carrying strength
here. If the Americans injuriously affect
ed by the treaty were to leave its defeat
to the French they would make a serious
and probably fatal mistake."
bility of increasing them to the limit pro
vided by the rules. It means hard work
and extra hours after the regular school
hours to do justice to all the pupils. I,
however, have not been consulted on the
proposition, but I am certainly opposed
to the policy of consolidating classes."
WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN
A Santa Clara Boy — His Relief From
a Distressing Burden.
Santa Clara, Cal.
February 8, 1900.
On March 31,1599,1 sent my son, who was
then' a very bad stammrrcr, to Professor
J. Whitehorn for instruction^ Tho profes
sor was most successful in correcting his
speech and to-day he speaks and reads
naturally and fluently and. without any
stammering whatever. Professor White
horn's name will never be forgotten.
GEORGE ROTH.
Professor Whitehorn, A. M., Ph. D.,
can be found in person or by letter at
1315 Linden street, near Sixteenth, Oak
land, Cal. •
MOTHER FOUND DEAD
AND CHILDREN DRUNK
Fisher Thursday evening shaking her
mother, who seemed to be asleep in
the chair. The young woman waa
very much under tho influence of
liquor, and as she is known to b© a
"terror" when in that condition the
neighbors notified the policemen that
something was wrong. They had on
previous occasions been called to
the house to quell a disturbance end
did not expect to find anything un
usual. Mrs. Flnher was discovered to
be dead and her daughter was in bed
In a maudlin condition. The police
men found the son In the rear room
on the floor stupefied with drink. The
house was in a filthy condition. The
son and daughter were sent to the
City Prison In the patrol wagon and
the body of the mother wa9 sent to
the Morsue.
Yesterday morning Ferdinand and
Annie Fisher appeared before Judge
Fritz. Both were suffering from the
effects of their debauch. The man
was given his liberty, as he wanted
to attend the preparations for his
mother's funeral, but his sister acted
and talked so craeerly that the Judge
ordered her sent before the Insanity
Commissioners for examination. In
her sober moments Annie worked as
a waitress in the Brooklyn saloon,
Kearny and Jackson streets. She did
not seem to have the remotest fe«l
lng of regret for her mother's demise
and the only thing she was afraid of
was that some suspicion might rest
upon her as to the cause of death.
yesterday on a warrant charging them
with an attempt to commit extortion. The
complaining witness is Frank ilultner. 77
Ninth street. He alleges that he lost a
morocco wallet containing some deeds and
private papers. He advertised for their
recovery and King and Hale called upon
him and offered to return the paper?,
which they had found, on payment of
$100. They subsequently reduced the
amount to $30. which Muitner refused to
pay. They were released on bail.
STORY OF A TRAGEDY
TO BE TOLD IN COURT
Adolph Scheid Accused of Fraud to Escape
Paying for a Man's Life.
Sensational Action Instituted Against the Son of
the Millionaire Brewer in the Federal
District Court.
FrVT: years ago Axsc4ph P. Scheld.
the only son of Philip Scheld. a
millionaire brewer of Sacra^nento,
while eng-aged Jn target practice
sccldrnuUly shot and killed Frederick C.
Glueck. The anxiety and worry caused
by the legal entanglement that followed
La» clung to him even into the dawn of a
new century, as his opponents have now
renewed a battle in th© United States
courts which will cause all former pro
ceedings to appear in the light of prelim
inary skirmishes.
lii a document filed yesterday At
torney I^aac Joseph of this city sets forth
allegations that in order to prevent the
payment of damages awarded by a Jury
Aaolph P. Scheid has resorted to prac
tices frowned upon by the law. Accord
ingly Attorney Joseph petition* Judge de
Haven not to grant Scheld a release from
insolvency proceedings, and the matter
will probably be referred to a referee in
bankruptcy.
In Mtu-ch, XS3S. Adolph P. Scheld was
engaged in target practice with a revol
ver in company with a friend named
Xicolaus on the* county road, about a half
mile distant from Sacramento, near a
t>ma.U roadside resort conducted by Fred
erick C. Oiueck. The saloon-keeper and
bis smiUl sou. Charles, ttood close by
watchlr.g the practice. While Beheld was
shcountf hie levolvtr got out of order,
fcjid a* is shown oy the transcript or tes
timony, lie snappea it several times with
the barrel pointed fat the ground and kept
snapping tlie naroaier as he lifted me
weapon to a horizontal position. As he
Cid so a cartridge exploded, the bullet en
tering the breast oi Giueck and killing
him almost instantly.
On June fc, lti'C, Johanna Oiueck, the
widow ot the unfortunate man, brought
suit for damages in the sum of J2S.WJ
against Schela in h<r own name and as
guardian for her husband's four minor
children. The case- wa& tried before a
jury, which finally oor eluded that the
charge of negligence ha«i beeu proved, and
on January I, I^7, rendered a verdict in
la.vor of trie plaintiff iv the sum of &i3ou.
Jt is asserted that several times during
the progress of the case Scbeld tried to
compromise mattcis. at one time offering
S2£K/ in settlement of the claim, but that
sis negotiations v/ere about to b* closed he
withdrew his offer in each instance.
From the decision cf the jury Scheld
took an appeal to the Supreme Court,
v.hich handed down in July last a de
cision affirming ike verdict of the jury-
After the vordict was affirmed by the Su
preme Court Sch^ld filed a petition in m
tolvency. According to the statement of
Attorney Josepn, the defendant, through
his lawyers, offered to compromise me
case for JT-Oi, a cay or two before he filed
the petition in bankruptcy, stating at the
time the offer was made that, if it were
not accepted, he intended "going tnrougn
Insolvency.? The offer was refused and
the threat was mruie good.
When the petition was tiled there were
ni> liabilities besides the JoOuO damages
awarded the widow, and the only asset
named subject to execution was an un
divided half intfrest in mining stock val
ued at $20<i.
The original petition was filed in Octo
ber cf last year, ar.d on January 19 of
the present year ScheiS filed another peti
tion for his final release from further
proceedings. February 1 ¦was named as
the day tor a hearing-, and at that time
Attorney Joseph procured an extension
of time until to-<iay. in which to file a
written objection, technically called an
opposition. This opposition, with the sig
nature of Mrs. G'.ueck appended, was Sled
s'e^terday.
The first allegation In th<> opposition is
that Scheld made false oath? in the veri
fication of his petition in Issolvencyj par
ticularly with regard to schedule* B, in
¦which he nrore that he had made a cor
rect statement of all his ival and personal
property. Jt is further alleged that at th-»
Time of filmg 1 the petition he was pof
eeFse-d of pictures valued at $50, not ex
empt from execution, ard $500 in cash
which he did not include in schedule B
The second allegation is that. In antici- ;
pation of insolvency proceedings. Scheld
failed to keep books of account frr-rn
whioh Ms true financial status might be
escertair!«d. By far tl.e most sensational
allegation, boweverj is the third and la<t,
the language of which is as follows:
That saM crwlitor* are informed and be
lieve at.d therefore all^ir* that about the month
of Septf-mb<»r. IS9S. said Schcld was pntwsEed
of tnd was the owner of the turn of abiut
ICOOO pnd that, with the Intent to hinder, delay
aad dpfraud said creditors, said Beheld ir.suej
to a nrmhu uf his intimate friends — among
others or.c \V. \V. Chapln— without considera
tion, a numlx?r of promissory notes, the dates
and amounts nt whifh are unknown to said
creditors, with the i.-tent and the purpose and
with an had with said friends,
and rartioularly with said Chai>ln. that false
and fraudulent claims based thoreon phouM
be presented in the bankruptcy proceeUin(?ii
about to be instituted by «ald Beheld Jn the
United States r»iBtrict Court, and that, there
by, the said creditors opposing the ea'd dis
charge should be defrauded of their Just pro
rata of caid sum of $2000, after the payment
at all proper allowances made out of said
funds in said bankruptcy proceedings; that
raid friends, after reeciving Raid notes., realiz
ing the enormity cf the crimes which said
Beheld proposed that they should commit, rur-
and Tuesday afternoons for. the purpose
of ascertaining which classes are to be
consolidated, and as a- result at least
sixty teachers will lose their positions.
Classes in the primary schools having
less than fifty in the grammar classes are
to be consolidated in accordance with the
rules of the board.
. Chairman Mark denies that any whole
sale removal is contemplated, while ad
mitting that the policy of the board is to
reduce the number of teachers in the in
terest of economy. The board, he says,
has visited several schools, and where It
was : found necessary the classes were
consolidated and several teachers have
already been placed on ' the unasslgned
list. Others are to follow.
Superintendent Webster is not in favor
of consolidating the classes out. He is
rather of the opinion that the depart
ment is in urgent need of extra teachers.
He believes that by increasing the num.
ber of pupils in the classes or placing
more than one grade in the one class im
pairs the efficiency thereof.
"It is a difficult matter," said Mr. Web
ster, "to apply a mathematical rule to
the number of pupils in a class. While it
Is true that some classes have not the
requisite number, I question the advisa-
UNION LEAGUE
WILL WELCOME
SENATOR BARD
Few Formalities and
No Parade.
MUSIC AND BRIEF SPEECHES
•
MEMBERS OF THE LEGISLATURE
WILL ATTEND.
? —
Committee of Escort and List of IMs
tinguished Speakers Announced
by the Club for the
Happy Occasion.
Senator-elect Thomas R. Bard is a pas
senger on the owl train, which left Los
Angeles last evening, and should arrive
here at 10:45 o'clock this morning. Apart
ments reserved for him at the Occidental
Hotel will be fittingly decorated before
the train arrives.
The reception In Mr. Bard's honor at
the Union' League Club this evening prom
ises to be an important affair. Represent
ative citizens from every section of the
State will attend. Members of the Legis
lature will finish the work of the extra
session at noon to-day and leave Sacra
mento In time to participate in the gree:
ing of the . metropolis to the Senator
elect. Hon. Thomas Flint Jr., President
of the Senate, is already here.
Last night the committee of the Union
League held a brief session and adjusted
some affairs connected with the proposed
reception. At 8 o'clock this evening George
H. Pippy, M. H. de Young, J. D. Sprcckels,
Justice C. H. Garoutte and Joseph S.
Spear Jr. will escort Mr. Bard from the
Occidental Hotel to the rooms of the club
in the Palace. Music appropriate to the
occasion will be furnished by a band sta
tioned in the court. An orchestra will ren
der softer music in the clubrooms.
The reception will be simple and infor
mal, without parade or pyrotechnics.
George Clark, second vice president of the
club, will Introduce Colonel J. P. Jackson,
Collector of the Port, as master of cere
monies. The speech extending welcome to
the distinguished guest will be made by
the Collector. If Senator Bard does nut
deviate from his general rule, his response
to the welcome will be brief.
Remarks will be made by M. H. de
Young, E. F. Preston, W. H. L. Barnes.
S. M. Shortridge, M. M. Estee and other
speakers that the committee was unable
to announce last night.
Gougjhs 1e"I5!H1 e "I5!H
Stopped
by BROWN'S Bronchial Troches :
Hoarseness and sorts throat cured.
Saturday ami Monday
BEST ¦¦^SSSff- E6BS V doz — 20c
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER,
square 45c
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 25? 80c
FAIRBANKS' GOLD DUST, B£. 15c
WHITE ADRIATIC FIGS, £N- 25c
BOSTON FORK AND BEANS, 1%. 5c
LEA &PERRINS' SAUCE 20c
IMPORTED SARDINES, Mb can, 20c
EXTRA SODA CRACKERS, I^; 40c
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, SI
RYE & BOURBON Whisky, gal $2.50
BEST ZINFANDEL/i^, 6 ga1.. 40c
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. Phon»- S. 232. Xo Branch Store*.
OLYMPIC CLUB MEMBERS NOW
HAVE THE "HANDBALL MITT"
m " the dread affliction great surprise was
S£ . manifested by the clubmen. They were ' •
4 - -familiar with the "glad hand," had : [ *3
i" / CHAftue ioi.uivA.ri "\ c been greeted with the "glassy eye" * \^f^StbH "" T ~ *~~^\
? i CAN'T ri'^'THE \ an d O n many occasions received the ( jti^Wtz&k j4&Wsk \V
** • BalljSow '* "marble heart," but the "handball isMs&s&k B&& ilfr^BSkJ i*
„* ' " ,« Ql mitt" was something foreign to their 'mil' ?
? CC^Ml^'W tiUS ° cX A > cco e rding to Fred Butz. the "hand- <^V i^P*^^^ 1 *?
.*? rf \ /^KPy| yTf M_ ball mitt", is the medical term for a Vvljfbr SO SS
¦of 6yV it ~ swollen hand, and he ought to know, b'S^^si 'o C^\K TV
V / I j >, v^ because In his youth he ran errands CsJltip!£hS^t~^ c\ -qkc Vv *3K!la' **
*? r I (s>^ \ ' or c a P rac tl c l n K physician. Butz Is i]f%lffiwkxSt\' vOl " < jf?^ {?gvHj *•
? / jCv^- J& &\ afflicted with the dread malady and is li*B^vSia\V*/ l^ *%Mtf>r V
** now staying up nights trj'ing to reduce lliitti&\%\\t i^r^HT^ V
<¦* F L Tpft*)^ *" '"dk. y^ < ¦ lts slze - Thft rotund Mr. Butz is not 'o^S^« \ ¥ *J&/'' ?
*? A *Ny alone in his misery. Phil Wand is los- J^gjffiJßai \v j»***// /j^
*? '. /F \^C^M\lMM\l'lmM I *<!<* ins his gray hair worrying over his iMm&sk \ S*JP : / ?
V ilf li X^WMIM//Mp \ '(O^ souty duke; ' Harry Ward no longer / .3
SS >. <$M : * %V> !V«X^" \\r^ fflrt \ , liow PAt>t>£^ out A LARGE ct
;i \ «? \^ I /v^vk. V^s Ifl (V f^? "c-lao " Hand to h'Sfrienw- ?
? tecKtTS >-^^rOXTlr\^^^ 3osts or S os tures; Charley Sullivan has 'z^ ZsKOy&f **
jj Now ~yf7/ ../ Ivf (I ¦ I \>f lost ten pounds in a Hammam bath /&,* Ifi K/T ?\ «¦•
\ J ff / £ II \) \\ W trying to reduce the rize; of his fins; y /" «, I nr'U* •' * '* <A ?*
i 5 BT I fc / - "1 \AM "Jack" Tait has * a big- "flipper"; f"O .*' ; /L/l IT /I t» JVc»V c»
+ Prt f.\ - ffU George Birdsall has Appeared before VO.W^ JV IP* ia\2' *¦
SV \.\ \• I 11 In/ , the bar and sworn off; "Bill" Kennedy v_^_^ r *
« \SA I fcU "\l (l \\ : -n/ Is wearing his "mitt" in a sling; "Nat" /I<s.vv.vxa.wn ? , , v » /A V
£ . ...... -><oLvnL \\ \l JLggft Hewson has been excused from Grand . jß'l \\ x MM l 1 1 v^M I \ » r/Wr /W £
r. r^<-4ai JsiSMb^ Jury dm >" Greenebaum thinks he has ffl IIA n\ +
V rU tho hydrophobia, and in fact tho epl- V ( ( '\ \ **
i* fl j «trrV ""flPiifffiffi demlc has played havoc in the ranks ma, "!*Wws*.. J *
S5 €SBWr"^gj|cGjjjgJ J It is all due to a little ball used in "^ T i^*"" I " 'J £•
? X^ • g^^ the good. old Irish game 'of handball. A M<\.WWV— j iv
*2 The athletes ; have been In the habit > '-?¦ s?
? ¦-. '.-.. ;• ¦• • of using a gas ball, but when the new 4
V" EMBERS of the Olympic Ath- r court was completed the players °" heavy gloves, pads, rubber bands S3
i? f\l\ letlc Club are greatly worried . switched to the little ball. Continued and armor, plate. The ball has such t
? II }k\ 'over anew epidemic which has batting of the hard object has brought penetrating power that the softest 83
SS their sacred precincts. on hands that resemble hams. . swipe sends a twinge of pain through ?
>It is diagnosed' by athletic medicos as The game has such a strong hold on the^sore^member. The man who in- V
IS the "handball mitt," and they are pre- the afflicted ones that they are loth toto ts m^ k^ a j» $ortJ*Vi?h£ introduces »
? scribing everything from witch hazel quit the pastime until nature relieves .his remedy to the iufferers"wearln| ?
•5 to hot cloths. When the doctors named their suffering," but have laid in a stock the winged "O ••¦¦¦¦ JS
¦>¦ - -nnfmtTrgrwiiiiniij ¦iiiimjiti^fflw^iiwttjprrgrjrwMiwßHipnnrHrr'; •¦* ¦ ,¦ -¦ - - - - -¦¦-• : ¦ ¦•¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦*'¦ ¦¦¦' , ?
12