that It is dated Paardeberg, 7:05 p. m.
Monday." Paardeberg is ;thtrty miles east
of Jacobsdal. The dispatch announces
that the railroad to Kimberley' is open
and ¦ that General " Methuen - will .proceed
there, with- reinforcements for them:forth- :
with and with large supplies, '.which will
be ; forwarded . to . the . town.
BOERS HAVE RETIRED.
; \kIMBERLEY, Feb. 18; by heliograph to
Modder River, iFeb.M9.— The country is all
free around . Kimberley. The ¦ Boers ' have
evacuated Dronfleld,' Saltpan, Spietfontein
and 5 Sholtz \ Nek. ¦:; One 5 of -' their | twel ve
pounders .with ammunition was captured;
as, was' also : their, laager;; at " Dronfleld,
which "was ' abandoned .on ; Friday * night.
Rails are being laid at Modder River,
eral '. herds , of ; cuttle ; have ; been 'captured.
Cecil Rhodes Is in excellent spirit.
BULLER NOW REPORTS
A FURTHER ADVANCE
Boers Withdraw All Forces North of the Tugela,
and fJfter Slight I^esistance "Hart
Occupies Colenso.
LONDON,- Feb. 20.— The following dispatch has been received at the ¦'War
Office from General Buller:
"BLOW'S;FARM.:Tuesday, Feb. 20. : 4:19 p. m.— The Fusilier Brigade yes
terday took Hlangwana Hill, the right of the enemy's position and com
manding Colenso,' the' rest of the'force advancing toward the Tugela. This
morning the enemy has withdrawn all the troops north of the Tugela and had
practically evacuated Colenso. To-day General Hart occupied Colenso after a
very slight resistance by a weak rear guard, and we hold the line of the Tugela
on the. south side from Colenso to Eagle's Nest. ..The enemy seem to be In full
retreat and ' apparently are only holding the position they occupy across the Co
lehso-Ladysmlth railway, where It is close to the angle of the Tugela, .with. %
weak rear guard. Hart's advance guard Is crossing at Colenso.
"Our casualties yesterday, and to-day have. I hope, been few."
DURBAN, Feb. 19, evening— While General Buller is continuing his movement
on the extreme right and has made every disposition for the defense of his po
sition to the east and south of the Tugela by maintaining a force adequate for
that purpose, Isolated parties of Boers sometimes cross the river. There Is much
sniping.' . ; *j '£¦ l rs
ROBERTS CONTINUES THE PURSUIT
OF BOERS TOWARD BLOEMFONTEIN
CASUALTIES AMONG
THE BRITISH TROOPS
List Demonstrates T^qt a -Number of Mere
Boys Are Serving in the South
African Campaign.
X ONDON, Feb., 20.— The War Office announces the following ¦ casualties - among
I officers during-the relief of Kimberley: ', c> ¦><
JL/ KILLED." ,
LIEUTENANT A. B. HESKITH, Sixteenth Lancers.
LIEUTENANT THE HON. W. McCLINTOCK-BUNBERY, . Second , Dra- ¦
goons.
.A/ < "WOUNDED.
__ Captain E. R. Gordon and Lieutenant D. F. Brassey, Ninth Lancers.
Captain G.B.Tuson, Sixteenth Lancersr .."""..'
Lieutenants R. I. Fordyce and W. Long,, Second Dragoons. . , .
Lieutenant 11.- M. Durand,; Ninth Lancers. ¦ .
The list of casualties again demonstrates the fact .that a number of mere
boys are serving in South Africa. "Lieutenant the Hon.' W. McClintock-Bunb.ery
was the eldest; son. and helrof -Lord. Rathdonnel. He was .born September 15, ,
1878. Lieutenant H, M. Durand was born. in 187 C. , He. is the. heir of Sir Henry
Mortimer Durand, British Minister at Teheran, Persia. Lieutenant. W. Long was
born in 1579. He is the heir of Right Hon. Walter Long,' president of the Board
of Agriculture. ,' •; ,• - ¦
The casualties among General Buller's , forces In. the; fighting at. Hussar Hill,.
Monte Cristo Hill and at other-places," fromiFebruary 15 to February 18, were:
KILLED.
(APTAIN T. ; H. j BURLEY and thirteen men. ' }
:Vv ) . V ' WOUNDED. ' : i
Six officers and 154 men. " . j
ference with the ex-Consul's mall, as he
made no complaint to the department* en
the subject. . ' " : ' -. '¦: \ > ,: ;
QUEEN HAS GOOD NEWS.
LONDON, Feb.* 20.-7 The Queen, prior to
leaving Osborne House this morning ' on"
her return to § Windsor, ; inspected . the
Fourth Battalion of.,the Lincolnshire, mU
lltla. Her Majesty/ announced! with > a
gratified smile ¦ that -good news I had been
received this , morning, from^ the", seat Jof
.war. ." ¦ . • -•¦¦¦? '-. V' -., '; .'
. Another account says the . Queen j speci
fied that'the good" news was from Lady
smith.
RAILROAD IS OPEN.
' LONDON,* Feb.* 20.— The War. Office' has
Issued a dispatch ' from Lord : Roberts,' the
main \lmportance\ Importance • of .which V Is. the: fact
Judging the need of martial law.
Fred C. Robertson, a lawyer of Spokane,
told of visits to the scene of the riots. In
cluding what he termed the "bull-pen."
and gave a detailed description of th»
mines where the trouble occurred. He ex
plained the- friction growing out of the em
ployment of non-union miners by the
Bunker Hill mine, the gathering of 1000
miners on April 29 and the destruction
caused by the dynamiting of the Bunker
Hill plant. .Governor Steunenberg pro
claimed ¦ that a state of insurrection ex
isted, and several men were arrested and
put Into the "bull-pen." Robertson applied
for writs of habeas corpus for the arrested
men. but the courts held that they would
not Interfere with the action of the Gov
ernor, which. In effect, the witness said,
was a suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. Robertson was continuing his re
cital when the committee adjourned until
to-morrow. 'MBSM
. ¦ >:>"¦: »
Death of Caspar Fechteter.
-NEW. YORK, Feb. 20.— Caspar Fech
teter, a dealer In carriage materials, and
one of the best-known German merchants
In New York, died to-day, aged 53 years.
He was a brother of Lieutenant August
Fechteter of the Mare Island Nary Yard,
WITNESSES TELL OF
THE WARDNER RIOTS
Merriam » lnquiry Begins Before the
House Committee on Military
Affairs.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The hearing
of witnesses. In the investigation of al
leged . improper action by the United
States military authorities at-Wardner.
Idaho, began to-day : before the House
Committee on Military Affalta. . The room
was crowded and among those present
were Brigadier General Merriam and Gov-.
ernor Steunenberg of . Idaho. . The com
mittee ' adopted a form of precedur* of
fered ¦; by - Hay of -Virginia, that the • wit
nesses, for the complainants be first heard,
with . opportunities : for response from the
other aide., ¦ , .
A". •A. Fraser, a : lawyer of Shoshone
County, where the trouble occurred, tes
tified that the civil courts were doing busi
ness at the time when martial law la naid
I to'.' have been in operation. Representa
tive Lent»,-,who conducted the lnqulry.ex
plained ' that 'this was ' a ground work for
FOLLOWING THE SHELLING MONDAY OF HLANG WANE MOUN
TAIN, 1 FOUR MILES EAST OF COLENSO. BY THE BRITISH NAVAL
GUNS, AND ITS ABANDONMENT BY THE BOERS. GENERAL FTTZROY
HART'S BRIGADE MOVED UP AND OCCUPIED THE TOWN OF CO
LENSO. THIS SAME COMMAND. KNOWN AS THE "IRISH BRIGADE."
WAS THE ONE WHICH SUFFERED SO HEAVILY IN THE FIRST BAT
TLE OF COLENSO. DECEMBER 15. WHEN THEY ATTEMPTED THE
PASSAGE OF THE TUGELA AT THE LEFT FORD ABOVE THE TOWN, j
ON THEIR APPROACH TO THE TOWN THE LAST OF THE BOERS RE
TREATED ACROSS THE . RIVER. COMPLETING THE DESTRUCTION OF
THE BULWER BRIDGE, THE ONLY ONE LEFT, AS THEY WENT. A
PRACTICABLE FORD NEAR BY. HOWEVER. OFFERED THE OPPOR
TUNITY. WHICH WAS PROMPTLY SEIZED BY GENERAL HART. AND
A . STRONG FORCE WAS . THROWN ACROSS AND NOW HAS LODG
MENT ON, THE LADYSMITH SIDE OF THE TUGELA.
GREAT TRADE ACTIVITY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Consul Gen
oral Stowe at Cape Town reports to the
State Department great activity there in
the way of trade. Cape Bay Is crov/ded
with vessels, as many as eighty or ninety
being there at one time. He urges Amer
ican manufacturers to seize the opportu
nity to introduce their goods, saying that
goods of all sorts taken by the Boer army
from the British, colonies will have to be
replaced. The Consul General warns
American manufacturers against accept
ing orders and holding them back In the
fear of non-payment, as such action may
seriously affect future business.
CAPTTTRE OF CONVOY.
CRADDOCK, Cape Colony, Feb. 20.—
Details have arrived with respect to the
capture of a British convoy at Riet River.
It appears that the wagons were laageied
near the drift and that the convoy was
attacked by 1600 Boers with four guns.
The shelling continued all day. One hun
dred and eighty wagons were captured,
cantalnlng provisions and forage. Half
the drivers and leaders were killed or are
missing.
AS TO MACRUM'S MAIL.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The State De
partment has completed preparations . for
the reply to be made to the House resolu
tion Inquiring into the allegations.that ex-
Consul Macrum's mall had", been opened
by the British cenaor at Cape Town. The
answer will be sent to the House to-mor
row by the President, as Is customary
with communications of the kind from tho
State Department. It will show in brief
that the department has no official knowl
edge '.whatever that there was any Inter-
RETIRED TROOPS ARE
ASKED TO SERVE AT HOME
LONDON, Feb. 20,— The Queen, through
her private secretary, has sent the fol
lowing letter to the commander in chief
of the forces, Field Marshal Lord Wolse
ley: \
OSBORNE, Feb. 17.— My Dear Lord "Wolseley:
Ah bo larsre a proportion of the army is now
In South Africa the Queen fully reallres that
necessary measures must be adopted for homo
defense. Her Majesty in advised that it would
be possible to devise for a year an efficient
force from her old soldiers who have already
served a» officers, non-commissioned officers or
privates, and confident In their devotion to the
country and loyalty to her throne the Queen
appeals to them to serve her once more in place
of those who for a time, together with the
people of her colonies, are Yjobly reslstlnic the
Invasion of her South African possessions. Her
Majesty has signified her pleasure that these
battalions shall be designated the Royal Re
serve battalions of her army. ; '. •
ARTHUR BIGGE.
GERMANY'S NEUTRALITY.
BERLIN, Feb. 2t».— The Foreign Office
witnesses with solicitude the growing
anti-German sentiment in Great Britain.
The truth Is that Germany, since the
outbreak of the war in South Africa, has
maintained the strictest neutrality. No
responsible German statesman or official
has hitherto expressed antiphobe senti
ments.
It may also bo asserted positively that
Emperor William has on several occa
sions spoken in a spirit of decided friend
liness toward Britain. True, the German
press Is inclined to be anti-Britain, aa
are also the masses of the people, but the
Foreign Office points out this is a spon
taneous outburst for which the German
Government cannot be held responsible.
The Foreign Office denies that there Is
any justification for the statement in
Parliament of Wm. St_ John Broderick,.
British Under Secretary of State for For
eign affairs, particularly for the assertion
that Germany harbprs schemes against
the independence of the Netherlands
The Berliner Post to-night contains an
inspired article setting forth the forego
ing In detail.
Kimberley that the anxiously awaited
succor was at hand. A few hours later
General French, at the head of a column,
made a triumphant entry Into -the. place,
the people surrounding the troops and In
termingling with -them, cheering wildly,
grasping the noldiers' hands, waving
flags, hats and handkerchiefs and exhib
iting in a. hundred ways the Intensity of
their Joy.
The inhabitants had been on short ra
tions for some time, eating horse flesh and
living in burrows under heaps of mine
refuse. Diminishing rations were served
daily at 11 o'clock In the market square,
under the shell flre of the enemy, whose
guns opened on the square whenever the
inhabitants assembled. No horse food
was left.
Throughout the siege Cecil Rhodes pro
vided the natives with work and food and
thus kept them quiet. /.- ¦.
The miles of convoy bearing provisions
for the relief of the column and the town
slowly winding its way across the plain
in the direction of Kimberley was the
gladdest eight which greeted the eyes of
the besieged for four months.
General French's march was so rapid
and the heat so intense that many of his
horses died of exhaustion.
At the crossing of the Modder River
the Boers bolted, leaving their tents,
guns, oxen, -wagons and large quantities
of ammunition In the hands of the Brit
ish. . >-:•;,
Moving northward the Boers again at
tempted to stem the advance, but Gen
eral French turned their flank - and
reached his goal with insignificant losses
—seven men killed and thlrty-flve wound
ed during three days from Wednesday,
February 14. to Friday, February 16.
After a night's rest at Kimberley Gen
eral French's column pursued the Boers
to Brontveld, surrounded the kopjes on
which they were camped and shelled them
till nightfall, when the Boers fled, leav
ing many dead.
General Cronje left a gun, his tents,
food and clothes at Magersfonteln.
ENGLAND'S ADVERSITY
RUSSIA'S OPPORTUNITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A Journal special
from St. Petersburg says: The Rossia
has a vigorous article on the text that
England's adversity is Russia's oppor
tunity. It says:
"England has fettered Russia by many
treaties. The moment has come to break
these fetters. Now Is the time to pay off
old scores. Europe has many and heavy
ones to settle with England. As England
did not scruple to turn to her own advan
tage Russia's weakness after the Turkish
war, so Russia should not hesitate to
avail herself of the opportunity presented
by England's difficulties In South Africa,
There is no time to be lost. Russia must
not wait for promised reorganization of
the English military system. If she does
her hour will have passed and it will be
too late." , '.' ,-¦;
MEANING OF THE
POSITION IN NATAL
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Spencer Wilkinson,
reviewing the military situation In the
Morning Post to-day, says:
"The meaning of the position in Natal
is that the Boers have sent the bulk of
their forces to resist Lord Roberts. Gen
eral Buller's aim is to Join Sir George
White and then either to push on to
Laings Nek or to send back two divisions
,o reinforce Lord Roberta, retaining two
b Natal to complete the recovery of the
ribrthern triangle."
BROKE UP IN DISORDER.
LEICESTER; Eng., Feb. 20.— An at
teript to hold a "stop the war" meeting
her\ to-night was a fiasco. Mr. " Cron
wrlitfit-Schrelner, husband of Olive
Schiflner, was on the list of speakers.
The Woceedlnffi broke uv In disorder.
PURSUIT OF THE
RETREATING BOERS
LONDON. Feb. 21.— A correspondent of
%he Dally Chronicle, telegraphing Sunday,
thus describes General Cronje's retreat
"with the Boors at Magorsfonteln on learn
ing of General French's success:
"On Thursday at midnight, headed by
General Cronje. 6000 Boers, with their
h<?avy guns and ox wagons, evacuated the
Magersfontein lines. At dawn on Friday
the retreating Boer army was seen from
the British naval gun, stationed on Klip
Drift Kopje, trekking eastward across the
British front at a distance of five thou
sand yards. Our guns opened upon them
snd a force of mounted infantry, crossing
the river, made a dashing charge In the
attempt to cut off the head of the enemy's
column. But In half an hour their whole
¦force had gained shelter under of a line
cf kopjes.
"Meanwhile two of our batteries had
come up and the Oxfords, Buffs, West
Hidings and Glouoesters. Our Infantry
crossed the drift and for thr^e hours were
engaged with the enemy, while our bat
teries shelled his position. The mounted
infantry kept hard at work.
"Unable to withstand our galling flre,
the enemy retired, disputing every Inch
and took up a second position on the
kopjes to the eastward. It was* a mag
nificent spectacle to pee the Boer army
thus at bay. Their rear gunrd, 2000 strong,
fought us, while the main body trekked
further cart and then brought their guns
Into action while the roar Kuard retired.
"The action lasted throughout the day.
Our infantry fought pplendldly, but the
enemy . held his ground under the con
tinued bombardment Later on the Boer
commander ventured on a bold stroke.
Reaving 2000 of his men under cover he
withdrew the rest from his main position
ar.d headed for Klip Kraal Drift, six
Ciiles to the east.
"This movement was soon discovered.
Our mounted Infantry came back across
the drift and marched along the south
bank to endeavor to head off the enemy.
When they reached the neighborhood of
Klip Kraal Drift night had fallen and
the Boers were already across to the
south side. Our mounted Infantry harass
ed their movements. BRW
"Meanwhile the Boer rear guard, hav
ing covered the crossing cf the main body,
retired slowly and successfully passed the
drift. The rear guard fousfht desperately
and as it fell back to the river It was
harassed on the flank and rear by the
British.
"Having thus passed the Kodder under
cover of darkness, the Boirs trekked
through the night In the d'rectlon of
Bloemfontein. General Kelly-K?nny. with
the Sixth Division, pursued then at day
light. General Mac Donald, with '.he High
landers, following him. General Mac Do
nald reached Klip Kraal Drift b/ forced
marches Sunday. General Kelly-Kenny,
moving from Klip Kraal Drift, was en
deavoring to outflank the enemy a.nd to
cut them off from Bloemfontein, so as to
drive them back into General Mac Do
nald's hands. When I left the front Gen
eral Kelly-Kenny had not come up Tith
the enemy."
RELIEF OF KIMBERLEY
BY FRENCH'S FORCE
MODDBR RIVER, Feb. 19. -Although th»
rapid march of General French's division
was marked by a number of conflicts the
entry to Kimberley was unopposed. When
the British were still eight miles off the
signaling corps Intercepted a heliograph
message from the beleaguered garrison
to Modder River, saying:
"The Boers are shelling the town."
The advance column replied; "This Is
General French coming to the relief of
Kimberley."
The garrison was Incredulous and
thoupnt the message was a Boer ruse and
flashed the query. "What regiment are
you?**
The reply satisfled the defenders of
T ONDON, Feb. 21.— With 40,000 British troops in hot pursuit of Cronje, or already surrounding
Jj him, Lord Roberts' campaign in the Free State has thus early reached a critical point, and
England is waiting the issue with marked impatience.
Up to 2 o'clock this morning the War Office had issued no bulletin concerning the momen
tous operations between Kimberley and Bloemfontein other than an unimportant one, showing
that the commander-in-chief's headquarters has been established at Paardeberg, thirty miles east
of Jacobsdal, close to the main road to the Free State capital, from which it is forty miles distant.
Nor had any dispatches come through to the newspapers from the scene of war. Lord Kitchener,
who is in command of the pursuing army, has with him all of French's cavalry, the sixth, seventh
and ninth divisions, and Mac Donald's Highland brigade.
Cronje has probably with him, besides his original force of 10,000, 8000 invaders of Cape
Colony, some of whom were in the command that fought Clements at Colesberg, while others
were at Stormberg. According to some authorities the Free Staters, who are moving from Colenso
and Ladysmith, will add 10,000 more to Cronje's ranks, if indeed they are able to join him.
Under the circumstances it is a great mistake to imagine that the Boer resistance has col
lapsed. If foreign experts with the Boers are listened to, and Cronje succeeds in making his es
cape, Bloemfontein will be evacuated and battle wilt be offered the British army in the hills before
Windburg.
In Natal General Buller's troops are still pressing forward. General Hart's brigade yester
day took possession of Colenso, and at last reports was crossing the Tugela at that point. This
advance guard is fourteen miles by road from Ladysmith.
Apparently the remainder of the army of relief will soon be across the river. The Boers
have thus far not shown themselves in any strength, and the invasion of the Free State by Roberts
has evidently drawn away a large number of men. The chances of the early relief of Whjte's
forces in Ladysmith seem to be good, but burghers have shown slimness on many previous occa
sions, and may be in strong position a few miles north of the river. Some more sanguine ob
servers say, however, that it would not be surprising if they removed their guns and > abandoned
the siege and fell back to the northern border of Natal. As far as dealing another blow at British
prestige, the capture of Ladysmith would not be of great material benefit to the Boers.
General Buller Makes a Further Advance
Toward Ladysmith and May- Yet Relieve
That Beleaguered Garrison — After Slight
Resistance Hart's Men Occupy Colenso.
Free Staters Under Crorrfe to Unite
Their Forces and Offer Desperate
Battle to the Invading Britons.
price rrvE cents.
VOLUME LXXXVH— NO. 83.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
LONDON, Feb-21— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Mafeking, dated Friday,
February 9, says : "All business here is
being conducted underground. The res
ident Commissioner has sumptuous apart
ments in a subterranean 'bomb-proof.'
The Gape police have a large hall with a
piano. The Mafeking Hotel dining room
seats forty. All these have been dug. out
and are impervious to shells."
HART'S BRIGADE (IRISH) CROSSING }
THE TUGELA AT COLENSO !CHAMBERLAIN SCORED
FOR THE JAMESON RAID
Though the girdle of Boer Investment was broken by Genera! French and his mounted men some five days ago, and
Kimberley was nominally relieved, the real relief will be had some time to-day, when the seventeen miles of railroad
between General Methuen's camp at Modder River and the "Diamond City," mostly torn up by the Boers, will be relald,
and tralnloads of sorely needed provisions are lauded therein. Large numbers of loaded cars have been In readiness at
Modder River for scrae time, and yesterday other through trains for Kimberle> left Cape Town. To the Inhabit
ants and garrison who have been cut off from the rest of the world for over four months, and for some months have
be«n reduced to eating horseflesh, the incoming of a wholesome food supply will be most welcome. The British column Is
fully provided for the reconstruction of such parts of the road and all bridges as the enemy may destroy.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Feb. 20.-Last night the gates of the peniten
tiary closed for seven years. on A. F. Soap, an octogenarian, and Judging from
the old man's pitiable condition they are unlikely to leopen for him except to
permit the passing out of his coffin. • *
The aged man presented a terrible ;slght as; he was led Into the yard. His
face Is very badly scarred with 'cancer and his weakness is
such that he is scarcely capable of dragging one leg after another, yet the
deputy who brought him from San BernaVdino, where the crime for which he
must pay the penalty was committed, had his prisoner shackled hand md
foot. ... ...
• Indignant comment concerning Soap's pitiful case is' being voiced ay over
the' prison and village. Dr. Casey, the prison physician, after an examination
of the old nian, had him sent to the hospital., The doctor states that Soap's
days are numbered, the cancer ha vin< progressed too far.to be checked by any
means known to medical science. ¦ ¦¦.--¦¦ ¦'¦ •¦
The crime for. which Soap must suffer Is manslaughter. He says that he is
" Experience is the
'Best Teacher."
Tne experience of millions has demon'
straied that Hood's SarsaparQla is the
perfect remedy for all troubles of the
blood, stomach, nerves, bo*a>cls, lever and
kidneys, and that it imparts strength,
vigor and vitality. Every testimonial is
the voice of experience to you.
General Debility —" I have taken
Hood's Sarsaparilla for general debility
luith marvelous effect. My blood is pare
and I feel better and stronger." Frederick
Tfeeb. 93 Herkimer St., Albany, N.Y.
Do not take any substitute <when you]
call for Hood's SarsaparffU. '^member'
DYING MAN IS SENT TO
PRISON AT SAN QUENTIN
Pitiable Condition of an Octogenarian,
Suffering With a Fatal
Disease.
WAS NOT CONFIRMED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— 1t has de
veloped that the only appointment of Gov
ernor Gage prior to the extra session ol
the Legislature which was not reported
to that body for confirmation was that ot
J. L. Maude, Commissioner of the De
partment of Highways. This discovery
gave rise to the story that Governor Gage
Intended to name somebody to take
Maude's vplace. The latter, however, de
clared to-day that he has received the as
surance of the Governor and his secretary
that the omission was unintentional and
that he shall remain In possession of his
office for the rest of his four-year term.
AMATEUR CHAMPIONS
COMING TO THE COAST
All but One of the Recent "Winners
at New York Will Compete in
. San Francisco.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— James E. Sul
livan, chairman of the National Amateur
Athletic Unipn championship committee
to-day wired to William Greer Harrison
of the Olympic Club. San Francisco, that
all the winners of the national boxing
and wrestling championships, with the
exception of James Knipe. the champion
heavyweight, would accept the Invitation
of the club and compete in the tourna
ment In San Francisco commencing on
March 8. The men will have to leave
within five days. . •;- :
m ¦
BANISHED FOR CRIME.
Young Forger Ordered Out of the
State of Massachusetts.
CLJNTON, Mass., Feb. 20.— Arthur
Payne, a fifteen-year-old lad, was sen
tenced to banishment from the State for
two years in the District Court here to
day after having pleaded guilty to a
FEAR A DEFEAT
OF TARIFF BILL
House Republicans Are
; Alarmed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Again to-day
there were but three speeches ln the
House upon the Porto Rlcan tariff bill.
Five hours were consumed In their deliv
ery. Hopkins of Illinois spoke in support
of the bill, and Newlands of Nevada and
Swanson of Virginia in opposition to it.
The. speakers devoted themselves almost
exclusively to the constitutional question
involved .and were listened to with atten
tion. .
The Republican leaders are becoming
nervous over the fate of the bill. They
have a majority of only fourteen over the
opposition, which Is solidly opposed to the
measure. Eight votes from the Repub
lican side would, therefore, defeat it, and
there are from thirteen to fifteen Repub
lican votes in doubt. A movement for a
Republican caucus Is being agitated, and,
although no call had been Issued
up to the time 'of adjournment to
night, the general understanding was
that one would be held to-morrow night.
The Republicans reported to be opposed to
the bill are McCall of Massachusetts, Lit
tlefield of Maine, Powers of Vermont,
Tompkins of New York. Bromwell of Ohio,
Lorimer of Illinois, Heatwole of Minne
sota; Tongue of Oregon, Loud of Califor
nia, Jones and Cushman of Washington
and Crumpacker of Indiana.
Bard's Credentials Filed.
The discussion of the Philippine ques
tion was resumed for a time ln the Senate
to-day, Kenny speaking against the re
tention of the Islands by the United
States and urging that the Filipinos be
accorded the right to govern themselves.
After the passage of- fifty-two pension
bills and a number of bills on the general
calendar, consideration of the Hawaiian
government bill was resumed. Some
amendments were agreed to, but consid
eration of the measure was not concluded.
Perkins, at the opening of the Senate,
presented the credentials of Thomas R.
Bard as Senator from Calfornla for the
term of sjx years, beginning March 4,
1S&0. The credentials were filed.
GROWTH OF MORMONISM.
Christians Appeal to the House Com-
mittee on Judiciary.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— The suppres
sion of polygamy was further considered
to-day by the House Committee on Ju
diciary. Dr. Joslah Strong, president of
the League of Social Service, and Re*.
William R. Campbell, a missionary of
long service in Utah, spoke in advocacy
of Federal legislation, while a large dele
gation of women interested In the move
ment was present. Dr. Strong said that
while the Mormons were only one
fifteenth the number of the Presbyterians,
Methodists and Congregationalists. yet.
in a stated period they had increased
more than all three combined. Dr.
Strong declared that if the Government
did not act it was not unlikely that Jo
seph Smith's prophecy that every State
west of the Mississippi would be brought
under Mormon influence would be ful
filled.
WOULD INJURE SAN
FRANCISCO SHIPPING
Piotcsts Against the Proposed Order
Making- Nome a Sub-Port ¦ )*.':
"qf Entry.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.-Senator Per
kins has received numerous telegrams
from owners of vessels on the Pacllic
Coast protesting against the intention of
the Treasury Department to make Cape
Nome a sub-port of entry. Many of the
ship owners point" out the advantages that
vessels plying from Victoria and Vancou
ver would enjoy over those from ports of
the United States if the proposed change
were made. American, ship- owners- agree
in urging Senator Perkins to impress upon
Secretary Gage the necessity of rescind
ing the order already made and thus, by
continuing the present conditions of af
fairs ln Alaska, compel British vessels to
discharge their cargoes at St. Michael or
at Dutch Harbor. The attention of the
American ship owners to the losses which
they will suffer by making Cape Nome a
sub-port of entry was attracted by the
advertisement of shippers in British Co
lumbia offering to carry passengers and
freight to Cape Nome and guarantee ship
pers as well as passengers against deten
tion and delay from Custom-house of
ficials.
Senator Perkins is in entire accord with
the protests of his correspondents.
"I shall lay the matter before the Treas
ury Department to-mcrrow," said he. "I
cannot believe that the Secretary thor
oughly understands the situation. Section
2771, Revised Statutes, reads:
Vessels which are not vessels of the United
States shall be uermltted to unload only at
portß of entry established by law, and no such
vessels shall be admitted to make entry In any
other djßtrlct than In the one In which she
shall be permitted to unload.
The Secretary of the Treasury has the
power to designate sub-ports, in Alaska.
At present Cape .Nome is not a sub-port
and in consequence no foreign vessel may
enter there. The nearest port is St.
Michael. As matters now stand, on ac
count of the convenience of making the
through trip, . practically all the traffic
for Cape Nome would be carried in Amer
ican vessels from San Francisco, although
It is possible that British shippers might
attempt to repeat their efforts in the
days when Juneau was the nearest port to
Dyea and Skaguay. At that time on sev
eral occasions they were j permitted to
take on board at their own expense
deputy collectors of the United States to
accompany them. This might possibly
be done at Dutch Harbor or St. Michael
if Cape Nome should not bo made a sub
port.
The Senate Committee on Public Build
ings to-day reported favorably Senator
Foster's bill appropriating $750,000 for a
public building at Tacoma, Wash.
LIVED TO BE ONE HUNDRED
AND FOUR YEARS OF AGE
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' . . •
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20.— Mrs., Petrovello
Segunda, aged 104 years, died lnthis city
yesterday of appendicitis. She was the
oldest person in 'the county; 'Mrs. Se
gunda was a native of California and was
born at San Juan. Her husband, Plantivo
Segunda, died many years ago. Up to a
few days ago she had' always enjoyed
good health. Several sons and daughters
in the southern bart of "the State and
nearly a score of grandchildren survive
her.
LONDON. Feb. 20.— The House of
Commons to-day was crowded when
Mr. David Alfred Thomas, Liberal,
moved the reopening of the inquiry
Into the Jameson raid. Among
thoee ln the diplomatic gallery was the
United States Embassador, Joseph H.
Choate. ;'*v
Mr. Thomas disclaimed any personal
animosity against Mr. Chamberlain, the
Secretary of State for the Colonies, but
said the Inconclusive nature of the first
Inquiry had created widespread dissatis
faction, which had deepened the indigna
tion at the disclosures of the continental
newspapers impugning the impartiality
of the committee. He said it was ln the
interest of the nation, of the character
and reputation of the House of Commons
and of Mr. Chamberlain that there should
be a full and searching inquiry.
Mr. Thomas further asserted that the
previous inquiry was a farce and that
the fresh facts adduced ln the corre-'
spondence published in the Independenz
Beige were strong grounds for a fresh
inquiry.
Samuel Thomas Evans. Liberal,
seconded the motion. In so doing he
agreed that there were strong grounds
for suspecting that the Colonial Office
and Mr. Chamberlain had prior knowl
edge of the events leading to the raid.
Power of the Authors.
Continuing. Mr. Evans said it was a
question whether the authors of the raid
had sufficient power or influence to pre
vent a majority of the House of Com
mons from having the opportunity of get
ting a committee of Inquiry appointed.
Here Mr. Chamberlain interjected: "I
do not understand what the member
means by the last sentence."
Mr. Evans replied that he thought
every one else in the House understood
the suggestion was that there were influ
ences which might be worked to prevent
the Government from asking for the re
. appointment of a committee. Ministerial
cries of "What influences?" followed this
remark-
Mr. Evans, proceeding, said that If the
Investigations of the committee had been
more exhaustive it might have arrived at
a different conclusion. The conduct of
Mr. Chamberlain previous to the 'inquiry,
according to the speaker, aroused sus
picions of complicity and ought to be ex
plained, as ought also Mr. Chamberlain's
extraordinary declaration after the in
quiry that Mr. Rhodes' personal honor
was not affected." He also said that a
letter since published showed that there
was something to withhold.
Chamberlain Explains.
Mr. Chamberlain, amid profound atten
tion, said there was absolutely nothing in
what haul happened since 1857 which should
be raised as ground for a second inquiry.
He then proceeded to review the whole
history of the matter and repeated his
previous declaration ?-specially referring
to the Hawkesiey telegrams.
Mr. Chamberlain ridiculed the grounds
ad\'anctd for a new inquiry and explained
that Mr. Rhodes was charged with two
distinct offenses. Hi* was accused first,
of conspiring to bring about the raid, on
which he was found guilty and condemned
ln the strongest terms by the committee.
The Colonial Secretary blamed him as se
verely as anybody. Th« other charge waa
that he had acted from sordid motives,
with the object of promoting speculation
dni raising the value of his property. This
was an abominable chatge, which should
pot have been made, and of which Mr.
Rhodes was absolutely guiltless. Another
ground upon which an inquiry was asked
was on account of the "precious collection
of documents" published by the Indepen
denz Belpe. offered for sale to various
London papers. The Boers contrived to
transmit them to Dr. Leyds, who paid or
promised to pay £100, and they were then
communicated to the Independent Beige.
"There is nothing* in these documents
from tirst to last," paid the Colonial Sec
retary, who dissected most of the docu
ments, pointing out that they afforded no
ground for charge* against the Colonial
Office. He then said:
"If this matter had not been compli
cated by political matters and personal
when it is necessary that the nation
should work in harmony."
The House of Lords rejected the motion
of Lord Wemyss by a vote of 69 to 42.
animosities no man in this house would
have said there was a shadow of ground
for such an inquiry. The object ot these
personal attacks Is to prevent me from
participating in the Transvaal settle
ment."
Letters Stolen and Sold.
Mr. Chamberlain further declared, as to
the telegrams excuanged between Mr.
Rhodes and his agent, that they were sent
confidentially ana he returned them, say
ing he had no objection to their publica
tion. Since June 6, IS&6, he had not seen
the telegrams, which were produced and
examined by the committee. As to the
letters Mr. Chamberlain said they were
stolen from Mr. Hawksley's desk and Dr.
Leyds ottered to pay £100 for them. They
contained nothing unknown to the com
mittee.
Mr. Chamberlain confessed that at one
time he felt bitterly against such insinu
ations, which "those repeating them did
not dare to assert they believed should
be brought against me after twenty-four
years' membership in .the House of Com
mons."
Continuing, he said he was not hopeful
that anything he or the House coulu say
would silence his foreign critics, but no
one in Great Britain for whose good opin
ion he cared would be affected by the
charges. The manner of conducting the
business of the committee and the clos
ing of tne Inquiry', he declared, were both
carried out as suggested by Sir William
Vernon Harcourt, who certainly did not
desire to shield any one in the Colonial
Office.
Mr. Chamberlain further said that the
honorable members opposite did not want
an inquiry. "They want an execution,"
he added. "Let them do their worst. I
am perfectly ready. I rely upon the good
sense and generosity of the House and
country. The attack, will recoil upon
those who made it."
At the conclusion of his remarks Mr.
Chamberlain was heartily cheered by the
Ministerialists.
Harcourt's Arraignment.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, who was
an active member of the Parliamentary
committee which inquired into the Jame
son raid, followed. Sir William 1 said:
"On the very face of it the former com
mittee's report did not find that there had
been a full inquiry, as Indeed there had
not been. The suspicions against the
Colonial Office were not the work of
political adversaries, or rather of men,
who. for their own objects, stuck at
nothing in the way of mendacity, for
gery and fraud. The authors of those
suspicions were the agonts of Cecil
Rhodes. To cover their own guilt they
sought to assert the complicity of the
Colonial Office. Dr. Jameson told Sir
John Willoughby, a man of unquestioned
honor, that the Government was behind
the raid, and Dr. Jameson has not de
nied it."
Mr. Chamberlain — "Yes, he has."
Sir William Vernon Harcourt continued:.
"The insurrection was promoted by the
foulest frauds. Was there ever any
thing so abominable as the Rhodes tele
gram to Jameson, two days before the
raid, putting ln his mouth the lie about
the objects of the raid? When rtie
Colonial Secretary, after the raid, asked
for an inspection of the telegrams,
Hawk.<»ley wrote back that this was un
necessary, as the Colonial Secretary knew
all. Therefore suspicions were set afloat
by the agents of Rhodes, but then there
was no suggestion that they were covered
by the complicity of the Colonial Office.
That is what I want to huve shown up.
I want the transactions of these men
brought to light. Rhodes has deceived
everybody. .The raid was made by gold
and lies.*
The House rejected themotion to reopen
the Inquiry by a vote of 2SC against 152.
LORDS REJECT THE
MILITIA BALLOT SCHEME
LONDON. Feb. 20.— 1n the House of
Lords during the discussion of the motion
of the Earl of .Wemyss favoring an
amended militia ballot act Lord Lans
downe, Secretary of State for War, said
he thought it would be inexpedient to
have recourse to the militia ballot except
in the case of complete failure of the vol
untary system.
The Duke of Devonshire, Lord President
of the Council, expressed similar opinions,
adding that the present emergency did not
call for the "recent hysterical appeals" of
Lord Rosebery nor for a mobilization of
the fleet.
The Earl of Klmberley supported the
contention of Lord Lansdowne. Lord
Rosebery, Lord Dunraven and Lord
Northbrook, with others, supported the
appeal of Lord Werayss.
The Marquis of Salisbury opposed the
motion. He raid there will be not the
slightest chance of passing such a bill
without angry and acrimonious debate
and without a public discussion of those
dangers to which Lord Rosebery thought
the country exposed. He asked if the
House thought that would be advan
tageous.
"Suppose the bill were to pass," said the
Premier, "and the ballot were to prove
unsuccessful. It would give- abroad an
impression of defenselessness, thus adiling
to the many >dar.gers enumerated by the
noble lord (the Earl of Rosebery). • 1t the
-ballot were introduced it would be Impos
sible to atop short of conscription.*- . •: , ...
r ( 'lt has been | suggested - that the ballot
would have the effect of driving men Into
the ranks of the. volunteers, i rather sus
pect that it would drive them to emigrate
to trans-Atlantic countries -where" their
own language and religion prevail and
where there is no ballot of that sort to
frighten them. I prefer to run no risk of
awaking unaccustomed emotions at a thna
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WHOLE SECRET'
Of the Remarkable Success of a
Bemedy for Indigestion and ..
Stomach Trouble.
A new remedy which may revolutionize
the treatment of stomach troubles has
been placed before the public and bears
tne endorsement of many leading physi-
cians and scientific men.
This preparation 13 not a wonderful dis-
covery nor yet a secret patent medicine,
neither Is It claimed to cure anything ex-
cept dyspepsia, indigestion and stomach
troubles, with which nine-tenths of our
nation are more or less affected.
The remedy Is in the form of pleasant-
tasting tablets or lozenge* containing
vegetable and fruit essences, pure aseptio
pepsin tfree frqm animal impurities*.
Golden Seal and diastase. They -are soid
by druggists under the name of Stuart'-*
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Many Interesting experiments made
with these tablets show that they possess
remarkable digestive power, one grain of
the active principle in one of Stuart's
Dyspepsia ' Tablets being sufficient to ,
thoroughly digest 3000 grains of lean meat,
egg?, oatmeal or similar wholesome food.
Stuart's Tablets do not act upon the
bowels like after-dinner pills and cheap
cathartics, which simply irritate and in-
flame the intestines, without having any
effect whatever in curing indigestion.
If the stomach can be rested and as-
sisted in the work of digestion It will very
soon recover its normal vigor, as no or-
gan is so much abused and overworked a*
the stomach. This Is the secret and the
whole secret of the remarkable success
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy
practically unknown a few years ago
and now the most popular, safest and
most widely sold of any treatment for
stomach weakness. . )
This success has been secured entirely
upon Its merits as a digestive, pure and
simple; because there can be no stomach
trouble if the food is promptly digested.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entirely
upon the food eaten, digesting It com-
pletely, so that it can be assimilated Into
blood, nerve and tissue. ,
Every drop of blood, every bone, . nerv«
and tissue In the body can be renewed
In but one way, and that Is from whole-
some food properly digested. There Is no
other way. and the idea that a medicine
ln Itself can purify the blood or supply
new tissues and strong nerves is ridicu-
lous and on a par with the fol-de-rol that
dyspepsia is a germ disease or that other
fallacy— that a weak stomach which re-
fuses to digest food can be made to do
so by Irritating and inflaming th« bowels
by pills and cathartics.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure dyspep-
sia, water brash, sour stomach, catarrh
of the stomach, gas and bloating after
meals, because they furnish the diges-
tive power, which la the one thins that
weak stomachs lack, and unless that lack
Is supplied It Is useless to attempt to as-
sist it by the use of "tonics." "pills" and
cathartics, which have absolutely no di-
gestive, power and do not claim' to hava
any.
The regular use of one or two of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, after meals, will
demonstrate their merit and efficiency
better than any other argument.
They are sold by druggists everywhere,
and a little booklet on cause and care of
stomach troubles will be mailed free by
addressing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall,
Mich.
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
RWEAKWOMEW.
ffIftLcHICHtSTER'B CNQUSH
Pennyroyal, pills
Mi«&^V Original »od Only •irooloo.
£X£S* tor CHICUKVTEU'S WuSH
frSi^^^aia RED .a 4 Ulj m«t»;ilo box.. ««:ti
TO Wf D««n»u «.b.m«tlo.. mm* Imit*.
\ I fO *»•"•• B»7 •' T««r DraggUt. or ml *c. ,„
KSVHiSmaCmwcuCo. b nne«- Non-Mtrtagent.
V^\CIHCMKATI.O.ESJSJ *«l«i by t*ru*&»t».
Weak Men and Women
uxxtatto to Mxual or^SJ' iSpot «J *Urto£
¦•.¦-¦ ¦*¦¦-_
Complicity of the Colonial Office Again Alleged.
An Attempt Made to Have a Second
Parliamentary Inquiry.
BRYAN AND CALDWELL
MAY BE THE TICKET
Definite Statement That Democrats
Will Accept a Populist for
Vice President. .
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 20.— The next na
tional convention of the Populist party
will be held in Sioux Falls, S. D., on May
9. Representation Is based on the vote
for General J. B. Weaver for President in
1892, or if any candidate for State office
has since polled a larger vote that vote
shall be the basis. Two delegates-at
large are given each State.
This was the decision reached in a
somewhat extended but harmonious meet
ing of the fusion wing of the national
committee which concluded shortly after
1 o'clock this afternoon. The feature ol
the meeting was the unanimity with
which the members accepted and Indorsed
the declaration of Senator Allen of Ne
braska that William J. Bryan would be
the candidate of both the Populist and
Democratic parties and. the coupling with
his name that of Judge Henry Caldwell
of Arkansas a3 the logical and most
g remising Vice Presidential possibility,
enator Allen went so far as to say that
he ha-J positive knowledge that if Juda:-?
Caldwell were nominated by the Populists
as Bryan's running mate he would be ac
ceptable to the Democrats and the fusion
national ticket would be Bryan and Cald
well.
Chairman Butler In a statement to the
Associated Press at the conclusion of the
meeting said he had no regrets for his
decision of yesterday which led to the bolt
of the middle-of-the-road men.
"It was a bolt here or at the conven
tion." said Senator Butler, "and we pre
ferred that the disturbers show their
hands early In the fight."
charge of forging a check. The lad's
father will take him to California to re
main with friends until the period of hla
banishment expires. At the end of the
two years, if he comes back to Massa
chusetts, he will be placed In charge of a
probation officer.
RUSSIA EVER MOVING ON TOWARD INDIA.
REOPENING THE RAILROAD TO RELIEVED KIMBERLY
Map Illustrating the Gradual and Threatening Advance of Russia Toward the Indian Frontier.
The several shadings show the several acquisitions of territory which Russia has made from time to time during: the
last forty-five years, and the figures give the dates thereof. These show at a glance the steady movement of Russian
empire toward the coveted but hitherto well-guarded goal. .
In ISSS Russian military posts were advanced to the northwestern border of Afghanistan, but two days march from
Herat, well termed the "key to India," and since that time, by diplomacy and the liberal use of gotd, she has bo won the
favor of the Ameer and his court as to be able to control them In her interests when the time comes.
Since the death of Nicholas I in 1535 the bounds of the Russian empire in Central Asia have been extended south and
southeastward to include 1,750,000 square miles of territory (20 per cent larger than India), with over six millions of In
habitants Each decade has seen some such move and some such addition to her already Immense domain. That another Is
In near contemplation is hardly to be doubted, and it is more than probable that the very near future will tee the attempt
tO e(t R U ™ present movements with France are therefore watched with extraordinary vigilance by England The late
concentration of large bodies of Russian troops near Herat is said to be the cause of the recent order* to moblllae Great
Britain's fleets to their full fighting strength. >
House Will Not Wait for the
Senate's Action on the
Treaty.
¦ ¦ ?
MEASURE SOON TO BE
ENACTED INTO LAW
Fortifications Clause Will Ee'Adopt
ed £übj ct lo the Action of
the President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—
It is possible that the Hepburn Nica
raguan canal bill may be passed by the
House of Representatives and it may be
even become a law before the Senate
acts on the Hay-Pauncefote treaty. Rep
resentative Hepburn is determined to
press the bill at every opportunity. He
maae two unsuccessful attempts to secure
unanimous consent for consideration of
the measure and then introduced a reso
lution which was referred to the Com
mittee on Rules proposing to make the
bill the special order for Tuesday, March
6, with the provision that at 5 o'clock on
the rullowing day the previous question
should be considered as ordered and l
vote be taken on the passage of the bill.
As soon as he could get the fl/>or when
the House met to-day he asked for unan
imous consent that the canal bill be taken
up two weeks from to-day. Representa
tive Richardson asked If there were any
thing in the bill recognizing the existence
of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. Hepburn
said there was not and Richardson then
said there would be no objection from the
Democratic side.
Representative Cannon, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, Interposei
an objection. He said that In view of the
present state of public business he was
not prepared to consent to the considera
tion, of the bill at the time suggested.
Hepburn then proposed to change the
date to one week from to-day, but Can
non again objected. The matter did not
come up again until just before the House
adjourned, when Cannon was not in his
seat. Hepburn again asked for unani
mous consent to take up the bill two
weekß from to-day. Hopnins of Illinois
said he did not want to object, but called
attention to the absence of his colleague,
Cannon. Payne said that unless there
was an understanding between Hepburn
and Cannon he would object to unanimous
consent in the absence of the latter. Hep
burn could not say that there was any
understanding and the request was agreed
to. ' ';:
It Is expected that the Committee on
Rules will report Hepburn's resolution fa
vorably, though it is possible. that some
change may be made in the date that he
has fixed for consideration of the bill.
Hepburn and many other advocates of
the canal bill In both houses of Congress
are in favor of passing the pending bill*
containing the authorization of the forti- I
ncation of the canal witnout regard to j
the action of the Senate on the pending j
treaty. In speaking of this subject Hep- ,
burn said it would make no material dif
ference whether the treaty were ratified
or not. If it should be agreed to by the
Senate and it should be determined that
the President had no power under the
treaty to fortify the canal . he need not
act under the authority given him to
erect fortifications. He thought it would
be well for Congress to give the Presi
dent all the authority that he could pos
sibly want/ • ' ' ¦¦->. .
FORTIFICATIONS NOT
NEEDED, SAYS DEWEY
Admiral Declares They Would Sim-
ply Result in Making a Battle
Ground of 'the Canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— 0f great Im
portance in connection with the oppo
sition which has arisen because of the
mistaken belief that the United States
should never build a canal without erect-
Ing expensive fortifications to protect It
is an Interview I had to-day with Admiral
Dewey. Upon this particular point there
Is no one in the country better qualified
to speak or upon. whose Judgment more
reliance could be placed by the public at
large. It was his act more than that of
any other man which has resulted In
crystallizing sentiment at the present
time in favor r>t a great Isthmian water
way which will result In opening a short
pathway of commerce to the new posses
sions which have come to us by his work
In the Philippines. Said the admiral:
"Fortifications? Why, of course not.
As I understand it, the canal is to be —
and should be — a neutral commercial
highway between the two great oceans.
To fortify it would simply result In mak
ing it a battle-ground In case of war.
Fortifications would be enormously ex
pensive and ought not to be erected. Our
fleets would be a sufficient • guarantee of
neutrality and the safety of the canal In
time of war as well as in peace."
Admiral Dewey is averse to maklns:
statements upon public questions, and, ln^
deed, has lately declined to be interviewed
on any question: but in the course of a
conversation with him this afternoon re
garding the pending treaty and canal he
consented to make the foregoing state
ment because of his positive conviction
that opposition to the pending treaty on
account of the provision prohibiting for
tifications is unwarranted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
EARLY VOTE
ON HEPBURN
CANAL BILL
DR. MEYERS & CO.
I No incurable Cases Taken at Any Price, I
/^£P^#W*^V^S^ They Cure the Following Ailments :
/€j _J j B Jf g w \ Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood
f fP^Pn IWI <3lf? I &9f&B I Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
*1 V. Wy | I VL .^II I \4jrjtr Liver Diseases Despondency
V \i*«l \ R^SS* I M&S» 1 Heart Diseases Nervous Debility
\ fvvt A i'SHafXf A. TSfcS^- I Spine Diseases General Debility
Vi*r\i<S^Jß^4£^l3S£rs+JE(i^Xatef -^t Stomach Diseases Loss of Memory
*^^S^^ r^r^^J^>^ m <S^ mm Private Diseases Blood Poison
Their Bank Leposlt Guarantee.
» Patients may -deposit the price of a cure in any bank ln
San Francisco. If not cured in a specified time their money
will be. returned. Payments may be made monthly if
preferred.
HOME CURES— PRIVATE BOOK. Advice free. Write
or call for prices, diagnosis sheets and other particulars.
r7r 7Q > ( Market Street elevator Hours-atosDaii,./
¦ v*>; B AN rRANCISCO. , ENTRANCE. ETenlnzs-7 to a /
y :'%:' :^' ''-:¦, '¦ " N
/¦:- -•¦..-. .... . ;.\
2J. .Fitzslmmons, J. L. Hart, James P.
Tuohey, T. R. Hunt, J. E. O'Brien, M. J.
Gavin, A. J. Wilkinson, George E. Madi
tson, J. E. Cook, E. J. Hannon, James J
McCarthy, O. V. Mendenhall. Herbert H.
Jenness, Joseph Feehan, Charles. =F.
Eckel, Thomas F. Clark, D. B. Bowley.
The deputies were all instructed as to
the nature of their duties and were pul
through the paces In "bunches of fly "
The first step will be to place In the hands
of the taxpayers the blank forms upon
which the annual return of personal
property is to be made. While these
forms are being given out now it is im
portant that the taxpayers should re
member, that they are not to be filled out
| until March 5. The ; law requires that the
statement should contain a list of all the
taxable personal property owned by, Sn
•the possession . of, or - controlled ,by the
taxpayer at noon on the, first 'Monday of
March, and they wlllbe called for by the
field deputies Immediately after that
date. •
LATEST WITNESS FOR MRS. CRAVEN-FAIR.
Miss Alma Greenwell, now a resident of Alameda and formerly a pupil
of Mrs. Craven, visited her the day following the execution of the marriage
contract and will testify to circumstances surrounding the event which will
have an important bearing on the case.
Webb remained but a few moments, and
as soon as he left the Senator brought up
the old subject of our marriage. He knew
I was preparing to go East and said
that he was afraid if I went away before
we were married I would not come back
and he would lose me. 'Your people will
Influence you,' he said, 'and you will
change your mind. I need some one with
whom I can counsel. I want some one
who will stay with me all the time, &» I
am getting old.'
He Pleaded; She Yielded.
"It was then that he urged the marriage
contract, claiming that publicity would
interfere seriously with the settling up
of his business affairs. I thought more of
his interests than I did of my own and
yielded. He told me to talk to my friend
Judge Sullivan, about it and assured me
that he would say that a contract mar
riage was perfectly lawful and binding."
She said that she had written the docu-
duce the books. Goodfellow says he
never saw them, McEnerney had no
dream of them and Pierson does not ap
pear to know a thing about them. We
will have to find out if Charlie Fair has
not had his hands on them."
Then the row began. Heggerty became
heated. :">'¦"-
McEnerney as Peacemaker.
"Those statements are false!" he
shouted. "When you insinuate that Char-
He Fair has tampered with those books
you say what you kno"w to be a false
hood." • •
"Well I'll believe you when you bring
the books," was Pence's cool reply.
McEnerney 'tried to explain Heggerty's
remarks, but Pence interrupted.
"I know what he meant; it was Just
his way of saying that I was lying."
"Yes, and that is exactly what I meant
to say," came from Heggerty. Pence
smiled and things dragged on Just as
Milwaukee Yields a Witness.
MILWAUKEE, Feb. 20.— Thomas A.
Brady, a veteran horse trainer, who is at
present an inmate of the National Sol
diers' Home in this city, claims that ten
years ago he was a constant attendant
on the late James O. Fair of California
and was acquainted with Mrs. Nettie Cra
ven, who is contesting in the courts for a
share of Mr. Fair's estate on the ground
she was his wife. This man possesses in
formation which he says would be val
uable to Mrs. Craven, and he would be
ready to appear as a witness In her be
half if occasion demands. He holds let
ters of recommendation from Mr Fair
Brady says Mr. Fair and Mrs. Craven
were very intimate friends in 1592 and he
regarded them as man and wife.
Fair turned very largely during the latter
part of the afternoon upon an effort to
learn what papers, other than those
placed In evidence, the witness has or
ever had In her possession. Attorney
McEnerney sought to demonstrate, at one
stage of the proceedings, that because
Senator Fair had made no provision for
Mrs. Craven-Fair in his will he was con
sequently not married to her, that be
cause he had been a forgetful husband
he had been no husband at all. That sort
of logic did not Impress the court favor
ably and that line of Inquiry was aban
doned. ' j
In answer to queries the witness de
clared that upon one occasion, when faena
tor Fair was in a writing mood, he made
a written transfer to her of all the bonds
and stocks of which he was possessed.
The witness declared that she had not
sought the transfer and she could not tell
what had become of the document. The
examination then turned to Fair -s will
writing propensities, but nothing that was
material or interesting was developed.
The case will bo resumed this morning
at 10:30 o'clock. When court adjourned
yesterday afternon it was learned that
Attorney Pence had received telegraphic
Information of the death of his mother.
The news softened for a moment the bit
ter feeling which rules at the trial and
brought forth for the lawyer expressions
of sympathy In his bereavement.
WANTS SCANDAL PROBED.
W. W. Foote, one of the attorneys for
Mrs. Craven-Fair, has addressed the fol
lowing communication to the District At
torney regarding the Slmpton scandal:
Hon. I* F. Bylnston, District Attorney of
the Ctty and County of San Francisco. New
City Hall. City— My Dear Sir: For the laat
few days my mind has been «o disturbed by
domestic affliction that I have hardly been
able to think about anything: else. and. Indeed,
I have been unable to read all accounts in the
newspapers concerning the Fair litigation.
However, I feel now that I may be able to
Impart to you some information which may
be of value In ascertaining: the truth in re-
Bard to the Simpton affidavit and other mat
ters connected with the present llticatlon. I
desire to say that I will be at your disposal
at any time that you may designate, either
at your office or at mine, to give you all the
Information in my possession concerning this
transaction, no matter whom it hurts.
I desire to put you In possession of all the
facts so that you can conduct the examination
before the Grand Jury intellieently. Mr. J.
J. Lermen, who has been associated with me
for many years, also knows something: of the
facts, and his services are likewise at your
disposal. Mr. J. 1.. Homer, to whom I dic
tated the original affidavit, has his original
notes, and also the original notes of my letter
to Mr. Slmpton In reply to his. His services
are also at your disposal at any time that you
may name.
The sooner the better for me, as I am com
pelled to leave for Europe In a short time, but
I do not propose to leave until you shall. have
had the opportunity of takinar my testimony,
if you so desire. I remain, yours respectfully,
vr. w. foots.
San Francisco. February 19, 1900.
ALAMEDA PRODUCES ANOTHER WITNESS FOR THE
WOMAN WHO CLAIMS TO BE FAIR'S WIDOW
Leander J. McCormick Dead.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— Leander J. McCor
mick, member of the famomr harvester
machinery firm and founder of the Lean
der. McCormlck \ Observatory ; of ; the Uni
versity of Virginia, died of pneumonia at
the. Virginia. Hotel.
ASSESSORS FIELD DEPUTIES.
Dodge Announces That Assessment
Work Will Begin, Friday.
Assessor Dodge yesterday announced*
the following list of- seventy-three field
deputies, who will begin their duties on
Friday next: .
John Doyle, Thomas G. Rellly, A. L,.
Morganstern, Otto A. Putzger, A. A. Mc-
Neill, Daniel' O'Conriell, T. H. Conboy,
Frank J. Rlordan, S. W. Hallowell,.J. F.
Sullivan, August . Mueller, L. J. Dolan,
William J. Hayes, Joseph Goger, Joseph
H. Gannon. * Lawrence Hoey, W. W. An
derson, John K. Brennan, Albert Bor
fenstern, Alexander Matheson, Frank J.
acobs, Philip G. Edgar, W. O. Dixon, M.
L. Choynskl, Frank I. Barrett, M. J.
O'Donnell, P. P. McMahon, Joseph N.
Harrison, William M. Hlckman, Parker
Crtttenden, J. T. McGowan, A. Vaenbergr,
F. -W. Horan, John F. Finn, J. . F. Mc-
Manus^W". H. McCarthy, Thomas A. Al
ford.-W.'W. Griffin, N. J. Connolly,
James E. Murphy, Edward Duran, A. D.
d'Ancona, Frank M. Syme, Jeremiah
Moore. John J. Joell, Charles B. Hif gins,
F. A. Elliott, John C. Corbett, J. F.
Bourke, J. B. Martlnett.Joseph P. Two
hlr.-W.-T. Holmes, H. V. Magulre, O. J.
Byrne, James Bowlan, jqbn^A. &QQ}U $>_
B^P Mg fc/S Bmsb £im Wk Ir^S Xl W&SJ £ ii * ssm. ~^W
for an all=wool blue serge suit
There is a suggestion for the man who wants his ten dollars
to go as far as possible when buying his suit.
Only those with plenty of money can afford to experiment.
If you have only a nominal .
Fwiii,....i .'.. 1...1....JL3J1LJJA sum to spend for your clothes /p*— ¦»'¦!¦'' ¦"'•'¦"%!
| SACK STUTI you should buy economically l SACK SUIT j
| mm^^m^s^ at a place where you are safe — sssi|p>Z2^
f mm^^^ mmm^ at a place that backs up its | TJ^gf
: a*l i clothing. Next look for values 1 \^y
l|i«|! ¦ We come right to the front • MSIIm
11111 11 with these ser g es for $ 10 and Sill ill
( sll Ml WJF pronounce them the best serges uSt j||| f Jill
pifil^Pl f or the money in San Francisc °- IKfilgSn
IwH^IIH' We have our opinion about- llisli'il
iH the suits-so will you when . k^§j
iSf iff Should we differ we return Ui\w
If II jrl Your choice of the suits — 'W |}| I
I Sll US single or double breasted. ijl Ml
ptes^sa Boys Sailor Suits
Made of a dark shade of blue flannel, tastefully trimmed with white or red braid
in rows and designs, the ages run from 3 to 10 years; you will find the suits to your
Out-of-town orders are always filled. Just write us what you desire and we will answer at once. Get into
communication with us and you begin to save money on your clothes. Ask for our catalogue No. 2.
718 Market Street.-
LAMEDA has produced another
witness for Mrs. Craven-Fair. The
| \ Encinal City has entered the arena
&*% with Sausalito for the glory of be
| Jains the best evidence-producing
J town about the bay. Alameda's
I t latest contribution to the celebrities
|of the Craven-Fair case is Miss Alma
Greenwell, who was a Mrs. Hcaney until
the divorce courts severed the matrimo
; nial ties that had proved irksome.
I Miss Greenwell was a pupil of Mrs. Cra
ven at the Mission Grammar School. She
was but 15 years old at the time of Mrs.
! Craven-Fair's contract marriage, but she
was old enough to make mental note of
: all tha£ occurred and to-day her mind is
I as clear on the subject as though it had
i taken place but yesterday.
Confided in Miss Greenwell.
According to the testimony yesterday of
the petitioner for a family allowance from
j the Fair estate Miss Greenwell was a vls
! itor at the Craven-Fair home, 823 Sutter
street, the day after the wedding. It is
asserted that the "bride" told her guest
all about the ceremony.
The circumstance that Miss Greenwell
had visited her the day after the wedding
reminded Mrs. Craven-Fair that it was
on May. 24, 1592, that she called upon
Judge Sullivan to discuss acknowledging
the marriage contract before a notary.
She had a faint recollection that she had
told her visitor what had happened and
had to excuse herself to go downtown
to consult with her attorney.
Was Mrs. Craven's Pupil.
The new witness' statement does not
agree in all details with the testimony
of Mrs. Craven-Fair, although her evi
dence will have an Important bearing on
the case. When seen at her home in
Alameda last night Miss Greenwell said:
"Mrs. Craven was the principal of the
.Mission Grammar School, which I attend
ed. I was a member of the class which
graduated in the summer of 1892. It was
the time of the Columbus celebration.
We gave an opera at the Grand Opera
house at which I took the leading part.
Mrs. Craven and I were -quite friendly
and she took a prominent part in the ar
rangements for the affair.
Was With the Senator.
"When the play was over on the night
of May 24, 1892. I invited Mrs. Craven to
share our carriage and go to the banquet
¦which we afterward had. She was with
Senator Fair. She declined to come with
us. That Is the night I believe she was
married to him. I think her reason for
declining to come with us was that she
expected to have the marriage ceremony
performed that night. I know nothing
more than I have related and nothing
about the marriage more than I have
stated.
"I was Quite friendly with Mrs. Craven
and frequently called on her. She was
living at 823 Sutter street at the time of
the marriage.
"I was a schoolgirl then and 15 years
old. At 17 I was married to Mr. Heaney.
After ten months we were divorced."
Alameda's latest contribution to the
celebrated case will be marched into court
later as a companion piece to Ben F. Lam
born. '¦?.'
The Lie Passed.
The array of attorneys in the case have
finally wrought themselves up to the pitch
of passing the He. The fiareup was like
an oasis in a desert of dreary questions
and dlsinteresting answers. Lafe Pence
told Mr. Heggerty that there might be
circumstances under which he would be
lieve him and Mr. Heggerty retorted that
Pence ' was a double-barreled liar. At
torney McEnerney was endeavoring to
jump in as peacemaker when the storm
passed over and the' case continued" to
drag along its weary Way. '
I Mrs. Craven-Fair. wa» on . the witness
\tand all day yesterday. She was not in
ihe best of humor and once during her
testimony a big lump arose in her throat
aid a vagrant tear stole down her cheek.
A3 this might hay« bean for effect, but
thvlady mxda a bold effort to ooaoutl
her real or counterfeit emotion and suc
ceeded nobly.
She was not as good a witness for her
self as she had been the previous day.
While Attorney Pierson, who conducted
the cross-examination, was courteous to
the extreme he was more persistent in
his questions. Once or twice he had the
witness in a corner and the only way
in which she wiggled out of giving an
answer that might have annoyed her was
by a convenient lapse of memory that was
simply charming.
Her Memory Failed Her.
"I don't recall," was the way she put it.
Her recollection of the events of May
23, 1892, the day when it is claimed the
alleged marriage contract was signed, was
extremely hazy. She could not "recall"
whether the document was signed in the
afternoon or the evening; whether she had
written it on a table, on a desk or on the
floor, or whether she had stood up when
she handled the pen. Much of the day
was spent iin relating the history of the
contract, and it was during this, when the
questions became - annoying, that the
lapses of memory so conveniently oc
curred.
Attorney Pierson endeavored to learn If
she had any letters or documents purport
ing to have been written by the late Sena
tor. He succeeded in forcing the produc
tion of a scrap of paper, which, it is
claimed, was torn from one of Fair's
memorandum books at the Grand Opera
house the night after the contract mar
riage, and on which he had written:
"Mrs. James G. : Do you know
your name? JAMES G. FAIR."
Received Many Sweet Notes.
While admitting that she had received
many endearing epistles from her alleged
spouse she could not for the life of her.
"recall" what had become of them, when
she had last seen them or to whom she
had given them. '-..'-
When the case was called yesterday
morning Mrs. Hilbert, who had been the
"observed of all observers" the day be
fore, was not present. She displayed the
good sense, presumably, of staying home
out of the wet, which cannot be said of
the curious throng with upstretched necks
that filled the courtroom until the atmos
phere of the place was stifling. Barling
was there, however, without a visible
sign of the thumping. his connection with
the case had caused him.
Story of the Contract.
"Without any preliminaries Mrs. Craven-
Fair was put on the witness stand to
continue to undergo the fire of Attorney
Pierson's questions, all of which were
apparently "loaded." He started right in
on the marriage contract and the circum
stances surrounding Its creation.
The witness said it was signed at 823
Sutter street, but she was uncertain as to
the room in which the document was ex
ecuted.
"I do not recall," she said, "whether
we signed it in the afternoon or evening.
I know when I returned home on the af
ternoon of May 23, 1892, in company with
Captain Frank Webb, the Senator was
there ahead of us and opened the door.
ment at Fair's dictation and remembered
that he had signed it first from the fact
that she had remarked to him:
"You must take me first."
She was positive he had only signed In
one place. The ceremony was brief and
the Senator left the house before the ink
on the contract was fairly dry.
"I asked him if it should not be ac
knowledged by a notary," she continued,
"and he advised me to talk to Judge Sul
livan about it and said that If I did not
attend to the matter at once he would
not go to my school exhibition at the
Grand. Opera-house. I agreed to do so
and arranged to meet him the next day at
Sutter and Montgomery streets to let him
know what Judge Sullivan said." " -
"Where did you get the idea that it
should be acknowledged?" asked Attorney
Plerson.
"From my own fertile brain, I pre
sume."
Mrs. Craven-Fair gave as a reason for
not being able to remember more of the
important details of her wedding day the
fact that her school exhibition had oc
cupied her mind more than her marriage,
although she did not consider it of more
importance. »
A Few Tears Flowed.
She failed to recall if a ceremonial mar
riage was suggested at the time the con
tract was in course of construction, but
she did recollect that Mr. Fair had as
serted that as her mother was dead the
latter could offer no objection to the con
tract style. It was here that the witness
choked up and her eyes moistened. The
contract was carried about in the same
old way that women guard their valua
bles. At times it was close to Mrs. Cre
ven-Fair'e heart, occasionally it was car
ried in her hand satchel, but its most fre
quent resting place was 4n her hosiery.
Judge Sullivan told her the contract
was all right as It stopd, but that it would
be stronger if acknowledged by a notary.
She met the Senator at the appointed
place and he wanted to go at once to
Notary Craig's office and have the ad
ditional Btrength placed on the contract.
They saw Craig on their way and hailed
him. The Senator said to the notary:
"Nettie and I w.ere married last night
and we want to get the paper acknowl
edged." The contract was shown to
Craig. It was never acknowledged, but
the cause therefore did not come out in
the evidence.
Pence Tells Why He "Fished."
The Senator attended the school exhi
bition after that in company with Arthur
Rogers and the late Pete Bigelow. It
was there that he passed her the slip of
paper on which was written the query
concerning her name. This testimony was
the signal for the outburst among the
liiwvftrs
Lafe Pence said that he was willing to
admit that his object in "fishing" for the
Senator's books was to show that the
slip of paper was a leaf torn from one
of them. . . . . ¦ • .':' -'¦
"Bring those memoranda books into
court now before they are tampered with
and I will show you where it fits." said
Mrs. Craven-Fair's counsel. "I think we
will find the corresponding lea 2 if one of
the honest men on the other side will pro-
Lawyers Wrought Up to Passing
the Lie, but Cooled Off Before
Anything Serious Happened.
smoothly as though nothing- had occurred.
When Fair Was in "Writing Mood.
The cross-examination of Mrs. Craven-
Miss Alma Greenwell, Formerly a' Pupil of Mrs.
Graven, Was Let Into the Secret of the Mar
riage Contract the Day Following Its Execution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBYRUAR 21, 1900.
NERVELESS,
DELICATE
WOMEN
Are usually
fJPjip women who
J.\JI/ I suffer with
1 O**»«2». de r • and
Ai-JO£i» w e akcesse*
I /S«V%&»-t peculiar t a
\A£'**£*^Jf Nervous Ex-
\llr 7 haustlon and
Q.~.r.:>*-^ -Z^f « Female
J$- *?!&:"" ° Weakness
si-*»& 2? -y<*W--» 5 are Intlmate-
£ XV lJ&^ associat-
\y» *fe~g7JV,i2»S* \ Since the
tfC^.~jfr*^-* V ¦ €Sc*^v discovery of
/y-r/fcCVv'"'^. H U D TAX
L /fe ai O^\'iv^ Vtv women's
th.£&'' »*Ov^ |\\W •V t ferlncs
off G^' JVife have been
U\ hf^f ,rf 'igL I 1 c s s c ned.
WN?S^^Uir^ b/^ 1 *AN gir?s
V^^friSfejeff^V *~— l sts t r e n gth
T2s)a£* t '€£*ST"N. and tone t0
3* i*?*2»*r A \. J th c nerves
'¦y aV"»* •) X \ £L an d n»rv«?
SWif m V » • centers, and
/Mr t \ to **»« d ei-
Jl ' lcate mii'r-
na 1 organ-
ism as well.
NerveleM women are usually pale, weak,
*rnaclat«d, nervous, irritable and excitable.
HCDTAN cure* «ucl tendltions. Nerveless wo- '
B«n usually suffer w.;h pain in back, pain over
. abdomen, dragging pains, fc^aringr-down feel-
Ing, headaches, dlzzlnens. loss cf appetite, sick
etotnach. HUDTAN affords prompt relief. i
HUDTAN cures those excessive mucous dis-
charges, chronic inflammation or ulceration of
titerus. painful disorders, and all other coznpll- j
ratioos peculiar to women. Figures 1. 2. 3. 4, ]
t. «. 7 show points of weakness -when women
¦utter with nervous exhaustion complicated '
with female weakness.
HCDTAN 1* a boon to women, for 1# brings !
absolute comfort, also rosy checks and a gen-
eral glow of health.
G»t irCDYAN from your druggist— We a
c&ckare, Fix package* 12 £0. If he does not keep
It eend direct to HUDTAX REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market ets.. San
Francisco. CaL _____
+ ? Consult Freo tho
C< FBe'e^ T I "«<J>« n Doctor.. Call
+ ? or write to them.
WHEN we aar "RUPTURE CURED" w»
toean it, for It Is * fact that Utausaodt of cure*
fcave been accorapnebed by Dr. Pierces World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSB during th» part
tweuty-nv« yean. Tner» Is nothing eles Uk« It
on earth ! It does the work! Have received ho
many letters and tertlmonlala that wt hardly
knew what to do with them all. If ruptured la-
vnrtlrate at once. Our prices *rm reaacnabla.
tout not cheap. We mak* no discounts;. "Dr.
Pierce* s" ts THE truss, and you canaot b»
ztappy tin jnm cet It.
Too can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling at the office, or it will b« cant to
you on receipt of a !-cent stamp. It tell* all
»bnut thi» TRUSS. A«dr»s» \
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COi.
CM Market rtreet. SAN FRANCISCO. \ '
U Tribune buUdlrg. NEW YORK. \
ZZryp&Br INJECTION. r j
i; A PERMANENT CURE
' i of the moct obstinate cues of Gonorrhoea
1 1 and Gleet, froarusteed in from 3 to 6
i J dxj> ; no otlier treatment required. I
' i . Bold by all druggists.
3
LAFE PENCE— "That Is Your Way of Saying I Was Lying!"
> C.J. HEGGERTY— "That Is Exactly What I Meant to Say!" ;Self respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government -Whisky.- •'. . y'f •'¦;
AMORITA TO R ACE NO MORE.
Mare Buns Away at New Orleans
and Breaks Her Neck.
NEW ' ORLEANS, Feb. 20.— Amorlta,
bay mare, 4, by Tenny-La Favorlta, end
ed her racing career In the fifth race to
day. Running away while at the post,
she jumped the fence and, falling, broke
her neck. The track was fast, but Voy
ageur and Banquo II were the only win
ning favorites. Results:
Belling, six furlongs: first heat— Match Box
won, Junaetta second, John Boone third. Time,
Second hea.t— Junaetta won. Match box aeo
ond.Nekamls third. Time, 1:16 U.
o»™Timri3«r etta won - ffatch Box gee -
Bellln*. one mile— Bill Jackman won. Little
Reggy second. Flm Past third. Time, \:*3.
Selling, two miles— Mononzah won, Ettn
florpha eecond. Teutons third. Time B:S6H
Mile and cne-elghth, hurdles—Voy&seur won.
Glover Vendlc Becond, Bleakmon third. Time,
Selling, mile and one-quarter— Banquo II won,
Jennie F second, Possum third. Time 2*10%
Selling:, one mile— Trebor won. Loyalty second.
Mies Bom third. Tim*. !:«%. . DecoQa<
PLAYED THE RACES ON
THE DOUBLING SYSTEM
New York Man Accused of Swindling
Investors by Offering Big
Returns.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— William F. Ly
ons, said to be the president of the Guar
anty Company of 13 Fulton street, was ar
rested to-day and held in $2000 ball on the
charge of larceny and false pretenses. In
vestors in Lyons' concern, it was alleged,
were promised a return of 10 per cent on
their money. The complainant against
Lyons is C. Horton Pierce, who invested
a. small sum with him. By putting in $25
for a l week the investor la promised a
weekly return of $2 50. 'Mrs/Lyons said
that she and her husband" lived In Brook
ii y nn n iv a 1 n<: L had ' a capital for the business of
$32 000 besides property wbrth $3000. She
eaid that they had kept within their enpi
tai in their transactions. The business
carried on by. the company was principally
that of. betting on horse races. By play
ing, favorites always, she said. It was Im
possible to. lose money, provided one - put
up enough money to Increase the size of
the bet above the amount of the loss pre
viously experienced.
CONFESSION OF
A TRAIN ROBBER
Jack Dunlap Tells Who
His Pals Were.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 20.-Jack Dunlap,
known as "Three-flngered ' Jack," the
train-robber shot by Express Messenger
Milton In the recent hold-up at Fair
banks, Ariz., In an interview with Chief
Detective Thacker to-day at Tombstone,
made a confession of the train robbery
and named all who took part in the af
fair. He made the confession in a fit of
anger against his associates, who deserted
him In the fight and . left him, in his
wounded condition, helpless.
A notorious cowboy and general bad
character by the name of Bravo Juan
nas been identified as one of the robbers.
Juan entered the express car. after Milton
had been shot and took Milton's revolver.
The latter to-day, on being told that
Bravo John had his pistol, remarked:
1 If the officers don't have him in two
weeks I will be on his trail. "
Detective Thacker also had an Inter
view with the Owens brothers, who are
r£w custc 2 dy charged \*lth the robbery,
ihey also made a statement involving
Part es whose names are withheld.
MUton says that he had .received Infor
mation that the robbery had been planned
and had requested the express company
to put on guards.
A preliminary . hearing waa given the
Owens brothers and Jack Dunlap before
Judge Emanuel this afternoon. Dunlap
is in a dying condition.
other claims exactly similar, aggregating
$34,000. depend on the issue of this suit.
Points of Federal law are Involved and
the case will flnd its way to the United
States Supreme Court.
Judge Williams appeared in his own be
half and Wells, Fargo & Co. are repre
sented by B. S. Pillsbury of San Fran
cisco.
The plaintiffs were all stockholders in
the defendant bank, which, in 1896, fore
seeing a stringency in Its business affairs,
requested or suggested to the Controller
of the Currency that it be authorized or
directed to make an assessment upon the
shareholders. The directors accordingly,
in the following December, passed a reso
lution levying such assessment. The plain
tiffs refused to pay the assessment. Their
6tock, as provided by the Federal statute
in such cases, was put up at auction and
sold, bringing 50 cents on the dollar. This
was the amount of the assessment. The
bank got its money, while the stockhold
ers were out their stock.
The plaintiffs in their suit allege that
the assessment was illegal and void, chief
ly for the reason that the stockholders
had no notice thereof and that without
such notice the directors were not author
ized by the bank's charter or by the Fed
eral laws to levy such an assessment
The bank demurred to the complaints,
contending that the assessment was legal.
The matter was argued some time ago at
length, and Judges Sears and Frazer over
ruled the demurrer, holding that the as
sessment was illegally made.
At the trial to-day counsel for the de
fendant called Cashier R. M. Dooly to the
witness eland and asked him concerning
the assets of the bank and their condition
in May. 18&7. In support of this evidence,
which was objected to by plaintiffs' attor
neys, Mr. Pillsbury said the measure of
their recovery was the value of the stork
at the time of its conversion. If it had no
value at the time of the sale they were
not entitled to recover.
Judge Williams, in reply, eaid the bank
bad no right to convert stock to its own
use and make a defense that the stock is
of no value. The plaintiff is entitled to
his Btock. The law will not- permit a de
fendant to say, "Your stock was not
worth anything, therefore I can convert
It to my own use."
PURSUED BY A
STRANGE FATE
Sad Story of Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Silva.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— The strange
fate which has overtaken the Sllvas haa
awakened much interest among search
ers for' the mysterious. For twenty
years A. J. Sllva and wife have lived in
this city, and during that time, by dint of
.Industry, have built up a fortune suf
ficient to have enabled them to live in
comfort the rest of their lives. Both held
the respect and esteem of the community.
A pronounced sensation, therefore, was
caused a couple of months ago, when
Silva openly accused his wife of plotting
to murder him. The suspicion that this
was but a delusion on the part of the
husband was dispelled when Silva brought
forward a witness who swore that Mrs.
Silva had offered him $40 to perform the
deed. The authorities advised Sllva to
remain away from his place of business
long enough to permit. his wife to believe
him dead. This was done and Mrs. Silva
expressed no remorse, but rather prom
ised to reward the supposed murderer
more substantially when her , husband's
estate should be settled. Mrs. Sllva waa
taken Into custody and Judge Anderson
deemed the evidence of sufficient weight
to Justify placing Mrs. Sllva under heavy
bonds to refrain from carrying the threat
ened plot against her husband Into exe
cution. Afterward on complaint of her
husband, she was charged with insanity,
examined and declared of pound mind. A
divorce from her husband followed. ' ¦
All this time Sllva conducted his busi
ness affairs as he had done for years and
there was not the slightest suspicion as
to his sanity. On Saturday' last he sent
to his ranch down the river for som*
sheep, and when they arrived he caused
one of them, which appeared to be ill, to
be killed, and an examination conducted
by two veterinary surgeons. Learning
that pneumonia had caused the death of
the sheep Sllva ordered a hack and seven
white horses to draw it and set about to
give the deceased mutton a swell funeral.
The obsequies were called off at the last
moment, however, by the refusal of the
stablemen to comply with his demands.
On the following morning— last Sunday
—he attended mass at the Cathedral, and
after the collection had -been- taken up
walked up to the altar rail and emptied
the contents of four of the. boxes into a
meal bag. The act was performed so
leisurely that scarcely anybody among
the hundreds of parishioners present mar
veled at it. Sllva left the church with
the bag In his hands, but waa followed
and taken into 1 " custody. This afternoon
he was examined and ordered committed
to the asylum for the Insane.
SUIT TO REGAIN
BANK STOCKS
Wells, Fargo & Co. De
fendants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 20.-Stockhold
ers of tbe Commercial National Bask
(now Wells, Fargo & Co.) were represent
ed In the State Circuit Court to-day in
a suit to recover $50,000 for stock which
the bank confiscated In May, 1597. There
are only two plaintiffs In the present suit
— ex-United States Attorney General
George H. Williams, suing for 50000, and
Henry Weinhard, suing for J10.000; but
ooeoooeeoooeooo®eooooooooooGoeo0ooooooooooooooeoG9oooooooo«oo»ooo«oo
I WORDS TO WEAK MEN I
• Who Seek a Cure by Electricity. Dr. McLaughlin Talks •
5 Plainly of His Belt and Methods. J
• - i^llilSW * WANT every man who kin need °* the toning, $
S r*vV mvi £ oratin & influence of electricity properly ap- %
• BM2 "V* iM PHCd t0 rCad thCSC statements carefully. They J
• lilil^C / 1 '/I arC founded on truth and bac ked by twenty %
c jPT^vnSvjt • I \ y ears °f experience. •
O . y^^< .\] g^^*'*S fcu _. /I A Men who ar e in feeble health, weak and ncr- §
O f +* I «c \ . )k vous or in P^n from any cause, need my Electric %
© I • '"¦'*? "J& py * \ ' and I want them to appreciate its value as S
o ¦/. A .7 T^*.'_. T^ji^Bjff^ compared with the thousand and one other treat- 2
© / . I }%f ments off erecl,. most of which have proven use- J
%I / -m _„' leSS * Iwantto con vince them that an Electric %
•N^ BClt nOt necessaril >' a fraud and a humbug; %
% that the fault wi th it, when there is a fault, is in %
% the man who sells h ' and in his ignorance of the 2
o . "T</ Sl^/J. *^sF^ right way to apply Electricity. °
g I WANT TO SATISFY EVERY WEAK MAN AND WOMAN OF THE MERIT IN %
| DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. I
O The Dr. McLaughlin concern is not new. It is es- one that will oour 2 soothinc o-inwi 1 • •
© tablished and honored in all the large cities of the coun- into the bod/ for hours wSotSTcSnw^blSs^ S
g try. My methods are the outgrowth of twenty years of the skin; the exhilarating sensation is felt withont th c
q close contact with Western people— people who talk or burn, and I have perfected with it a neuLtint 0
© straight from the shoulder and mean what they say. d«d «J lee which will make the current strong or mild at c
® There is no glamour about my statements. I speak the W1 "- t %
S truth plainly, as my experience has taught it to me. oric . .?!* °JJ e re £ su t>stitute nry new appliance at half S
© This claim I make firmly, and have in thousands of km" and thJ rL u°? to ? ured ** «]>« old style, burning «
g cases proven it true, that . electricity poured into the crSwdS daily bTpeoo" K^u'r?^ is S
«, body while thepatient sleeps at night, slowly, gently, sat- lege of ridding^^hmfelve, of b, nt£ dellßht the privi " S
• urating the tissues and nerve cells with its vitalizing life, replacing them i witrTmv £« J?l? 3 C^ nnot use md 9
|is a cure for nine-tenths of the ailments which afflict of letter^ filhS wth SriEST f X h ave hundreds 9
5 humanity. It invigorates all weak parts, and we all the charge and Trl f V fr ° m 16 . who made S
©know that where there is plenty of life there can be no -"HertridS t \ 2X U ° °T the ira Orovement J
© sickness. .. i 9i 9 a wonderful r, g u°° d "T 1 " 1 ' but a *»<* master." It S
© For years I sold an electric belt which was hard to wise Ia" aooT/ ;! v^^t"^' but useless <* h «"- «
g use— it burned and blistered so badly that a sensitive and I have learnL t 5 L U has been m y We study. «
| person could not wear it, and thousands of people com- My raecS^Brf^m 1 '"? 1^ v . 2
5 p lamed to me ofthe scars on their bodies. It cured their will vitalS fthe n?rWthl w f *£****¦<* >* !
S ailments, but at great cost. / neys heart £i« W ft!" 0 ? 4 $ c liver « stomach, kid- J
9 "Necessity is the mother of invention." After years of suTtinJ -torn a Srt??«rf "r?" CUre *" ailments re " 0
• study and expenment I have brought to a state of per- and l abuse^3 SJ 7 9 »« ; S ?C * - Caused b * excesses «
• fection the greatest electric body appliance of the age- Lame Back ScLtfS rJS?™ 1 Xt T U ,, cure Rheumatism. S
• READ MY BOOK-FREE, l?*^* -" * ™ SH. Z 25? *»^£ a f ° d aII «*»» and **«• J
©'beauurunx mustrated and full. ot Information. I£s tf£S3? '' JLEtJFSfiJgUT ,* *"?¦«• «-S*SWSS f «&y»S* •
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, 7 :^r^&" I
J NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. omJT J »f«« «*.«K«I. L« Aaplu. €
count of a previous agreement that a
draw should be declared If both men were
on their feet at the end of the- sixth, and
probably for this reason neither man ex
erted himself much until the last round.
White's stabbing left gave him a dear
lead throughout. As giving 1 a line on hia
form in the coming match with Terry
McGovern, Gardner's showing was a dis
appointment. Referee Slier saJd after the
bout that If he had been called on to ren
der a decision It would have been In favor
of White without question. v
Benny Yanger, better known as tho
"Tipton Slasher." knocked out Jack Mad
den of Brooklyn in the fourth round.
Madden was outclassed from the start.
Fight Declared Off.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 20.— The fight be
tween Hellman and Pendergast. •which,
was scheduled to take place this eveninnr
was declared off- The men conld not acraa
on a referee.
Jaw In the fourth did the business, Den
fass not coming to for several minutes.
The seven thousand spectators saw the
unusual spectacle of one fighter winning
from his opponent twice in the same ring.
The bill included a Eix-round bout between
Dal Hawkins of California and Young
Kenny of Chicago. Hawkins started
rushing at once, and in the first round
landed a left swing In the pit of Kenny's
stomach which put the latter down, sick
and dazed, for nine seconds. He got up.
but dropped again at once and this time
stayed fourteen seconds. Referee Bardell
started to announce Hawkins the winner,
but yielded to. the clamor of the crowd
and Kenny's exclamation that he. could
continue and told the men to gt> on.
Hawkins, furious at what he considered
an unjust decision, went for his man ham
mer and tongs, and at the end of the fifth
round Kenny's seconds threw up the
sponge.
The bout between Oscar Gardner and
Tommy White was unsatisfactory on ac-
WHIPS HIS MAN TWICE
TO GET THE DECISION
Dal Hawkins Unfairly Treated by
the Referee in His Bout "With .
Kenny.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— Jack Root, the
clever Western middle-weight, decisively
defeated Ed Denfass of Philadelphia at
Tattersalls to-night in the fourth round
of what was to have been a six-round
contest. The fighting while It lasted wa3
more like a scrap between two longshore
men than scientific boxers, both men re
sorting to clinching i and wrestling and
going to the floor several times In their
clinches. ¦ Root, however, clearly out
classing his man, put his left to Denfass'
face with terrific force time and again
without a return. A right hook to the
Vapor, of Medicated Bath, with no possibility
of taking cold afterward, or In any way weak-
ening, the system.
Hundreds of well-known physicians have
given up their practice to sell this Cabinet-
such eminent men as Emerson McKay, Detroit,
who has already sold over TOO, and John C.
Wright, Chicago, who sold 125 last month.
Thousands of remarkable letters have been
written the makers from users, some of which,
referring to
Rheumatism, La Grippe, Kidney
Troubles,
will be Interesting to those who suffer from
there dread maladies. W. L. Brown, Oxford,
0., writes: "My father was down In bed for
months with rheumatism. This Cabinet did him
more good than 150 worth of drugs." O. M.
Lafferty, Covington, Ky., writes: "Was com-
pelled to quit business* a year ago, being pros-
trated with rheumatism and kidney troubles,
when your Cabinet came. • Two weeks' use
cured me; I have never had a twinge since."
Rev. George H. Hudson. Okemos, Mich., says:
"I gave up my pastorate on account of nervous
prostration and lung troubles. My editor so
highly recommended your Cabinet I tried It;
from that day I have Bteadily grown better;
am now well; nervousness gone; lungs strong;
am a new man." Mrs. Ober, No. 904 Broad nt.,
Columbus, 0., writes: "It is grand for curing
colds, la grippe. Inflammation, aches, pains; it
cured my uncle of neuralgia and sleeplessness,
with which he had long suffered. A neighbor
cured herself of la grippe In one night, her
little girl of measles, her son of croup. Another
neighbor cured eczema of many years' stand-
Ing." Hon. A. B. Strickland of Bloomlngton.
writes that the Cabinet i\ld him more good than
city Is more easy and rapid. Sufficient
funds come in 'on "deposit to meet the
daily needs of the business. A second rea
son Is because the wealthy men of th«
city are loth to loan their money on
country property. This Is due to the fact
that they consider it but a second-class
security, inasmuch as its value Is more
fluctuating, while they' cannot look after
It personally. Another reason is that real
estate agents have so long misrepresent
ed the value of country property that
money-lenders have become skeptical.
Again, the bankers of the cities have lost
considerable money on country loans.
This amount is larger than many people
realize, for the reason that while bank
ers willingly publish their assets and lia
bilities, they do not care to make known
the extent of their losses. Mr. Torchiana
advocated the establishment of country
banks something after the plan of postal
savings banks, saying that although the
relations between the country banker and
the horticulturist had always been very
pleasant, he felt that the higher func
tions of banking could better be per
formed by the governmental Bystem.
Balance of Nature.
The last address of the day was deliv
ered by Professor John H. Comstock of
the department of entomology. His sub
ject was "The Balance of Nature." The
speaker showed that though all species
of animals and plants tend to Increase In
a geometrical ratio the number of the
species living remains relatively the
same. No one expects, on the one hand,
that the oaks will completely cover even
the uncivilized portions of the valley, nor,
on the other hand, that the oak caterpil
lar will destroy the existing oaks. The
two species, the plant and the Insect, the
host and the pest, live side by side with
out either attaining the supremacy. The
forces that make for the good or the ill
of either species act with somewhat vary
ing strength, so that there may be slight
movements up or down. But on the
whole, when the conditions for any con
siderable period are studied, it is found
that the fluctuations are comparatively
slight, and that there exists a matching
of forces which may be termed the bal
ance of nature.
.While there are tnousands of species of
insects living in the United States prob
ably less than 100' are serious pests to civ
ilization. Secondly, there Is a balancing
of forces which prevents the undue in
crease of any species, except temporarily.
If there is added to the forces that make
for the good of cultivated crops the intel
ligent action of man, it follows that the
balance will be In favor of the crops.
While the cultivator should not relax his
vigilance he should take courage that
with intelligent effort Me is sure to win
in the fight.
But the Fittest Survive.
According to the now generally accept
ed theory of evolution, the speaker said,
there results from the tendency of each
species of animal or plant to increase In
a geometrical ratio a severe struggle for
existence, which results in the destruc
tion of the weaker individuals, and the
survival of only those best fitted to bear
the struggle for existence. There will
follow from this a weeding out of those
plants that cannot withstand the Insect
attack and a natural selection of the in
sect resisting forms.
Turning to the forces that tend to pro
tect the plant by weakening the insect at
tack are noted the climatic condition*,
diseases of various kinds, and the action
of • predaceous and parasitic forms. On
thfs coast the long, dry summer- probably
does more than any other climatic con
dition to keep in check the Increase of
noxious Insects. This seems to be much
more destructive oi insect life than the
cold winters of the East. This may be
the reason that not one-tenth as many
ppecles of insects exist here as in equally
fertile regions in the Eastern States.
The factors most helpful in preserving
the balance between plants and their in
sect pests are the predaceous Insects
that wage war upon these pests and the
parasites tiiat destroy them.
It is important that the horticulturist
should become familiar with the opera
tions of those allies and with their ap
pearance, so as to be able to recognize
them and thus avoid destroying them.
Often large numbers of ladybugs have
been destroyed simply because they were
not recognized as friends.
The lecturer then described the appear
ance and habits of various predaceous in
sects, and of insect parasites.
Musicale Enjoyed.
. To-night an enjoyable musicals was
given in the Assembly Hall In honor of
the guest of the university by Henry L.
Bettman, violinist, of San Jose, assisted
by Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark. soloist, and
Mrs. Edith Yurndley-Fallenlus, pianist, of
San Francisco.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 20.—
The second day of the Fruit Growers'
Convention at Stanford was marked by
increased interest and attendance among
the visitors. Throughout the day the
room set apart for the lectures was well
filled and the words of the four speakers
were listened to with an eagerness indi
cating that the hearers recognized the
importance to themselves of what was
being said.
The first address of the day was de
livered by President Jordan, who spoke
upon "The Selections of New Forms of
Fruit." The processes by which new
forms are produced were explained and
some of the more important varieties pro
duced in California were described. The
speaker gave in a few words a clear con
ception of how plants and animals start
in life, bringing out prominently the spe
cial points of his lecture— heredity and the
hybridizing and selection of new forms.
Continuing he said in part:
"If we should lose all our cultivated
fruits, apples, pears, plums etc., we could
develop them all again from our wild
plants. Select breeding and hydrldizing
are the magician's wand by which we
can summon up any form, of plant or ani
mal we, want. It is said by Summerville
that one can chajk out on the wall the
kind of sheep wanted and then create that
sheep. The same is true .of a pumpkin or
berry. But in creating new fruits it is
a general maxim not to try for all forms
at once. The whole process is one of
hybridizing" and then selecting those
forms that have the desired qualities.
"It is a common saying that all arti
ficially formed fruits rapidly degenerate.
This simply means that certain kinds of
fruit are subordinated to others. These
facts have to be taken into consideration.
Sometimes the vitality of the fruit' is
sacrificed and sometimes it Is some other
quality. This sort of work gains on one
side and loses on the other. We gala
what we work lor. Wisdom would lead
us to gain on the side demanded by the
market."
How to Fight Pests.
E. SI. Ehrhorn, entomologist far Santa
Clara .County, next spoke on "Fighting
Insect Pests," saying in part:
"California with h»r glorious climate
presents a great field for investigation." It
is said that the United States have done
more in economic entomology than any
other country In the world, and it is also
said that California has done more in
practical entomology than any State in
the Union. Why have w« accomplished so
much in California? Surely not on ac
count of systematic procedure or scien
tific investigations! We admit that some
cases had scientific investigation, but the
bulk of our success was obtained in a
haphazard way and . all we may say Is
that the Lord was with us. There are
numberless questions confronting us to
day and the following may be of interest:
"Why does carbon bisulphide injure
some trees and not others?
"Why is almond root more susceptible
to injury by this liquid than other roots?
"Why does some of the liquid kill borers
while some of it does not kill them when
the same method of application is used?
"Why does the San Jose scale thrive on
a dusty tree?
"These and many other questions are
puzzling us to-day. A few competent in
vestigators in the field would soon deter
mine these questions. The life histories
of all our pests would be cleared up and
this means half the battle. The time has
come when the fruit-grower must study
these matters more carefully. He should
endeavor to get acquainted with all the
pests of his Industry. If ho finds an in
sect destroying his trees or crops he
should send a few specimens to some com
petent person for -determination who will
also be able to give him a good remedy
for it. If he finds Insects which he la
In doubt about, whether they are benefi
cial or injurious, he should not kill them
until he finds out all about them. Many
instances have come to my knowledge
where beneficial insects have been
slaughtered for years by individuals who
did not know that they were killing their
best friends."
The Country Bank.
IL-W. Torchiana spoke on "The Coun
try Bank and Its Relation to the Horti
culturist." He traced the rise of the bank
ing: system as a civilized Institution I ,' cul
minating in the founding of the Bank of
England in 1694. He took the poation that
the sphere of the country bank is to make
the currency of the community as pro
ductive as possible. It should be in the
hands 'ot some man who has the entire
confidence of the community and who
thoroughly understands the banking busi
ness. He asserted that there is a two
fold reason why Interest charges are
higher in the country than in the city.
In the first place, its movement in the
Y>X ' ADVERTISEMENTS, r . -_
Invention of an Ohioan that Guarantees Perfect Health, Strength and
Beauty to Every User, and Cures, Without Drugs, All Nervous Dis-
eases, Rheumatism, La Grippe, Neuralgia, Blood and Kidney
Troubles, Weakness, and the Most Obstinate Diseases, by
Nature's Method of Steaming the Poisons Out of
/ I \$ the System. $0 :
Ministers and Those Who Have Used It Declare Itto Be the Most Remarkable Invig-
orant : Ever Produced, Better Than Any Treatment at Hot Springs,
Sanitariums or Health Resorts.
A genius of the Queen City has placed tin the
market a Vapor Bath Cabinet that has proven
a blessing to every man, woman or child who
has used It.
Our recent Investigation of this remarkable
Invention was so- very satisfactory we hive no
hesitancy in Indorsing the same as juet what all
our readers need.
It Is an air-tight lncloeure. In which one com-
fortably rests on a chair, and with only the
head outside, enjoys at home, for S cents each
all the marvelous cleansing, curative and Invig-
orating effects of the famous Turkish Lath, Hot
rubber lined. A heavy steel frame supports It.
making It a strong and substantial bathroom
within Itself. It haa top curtains; In fact, all
the latest Improvements.
The makers furnish an excellent stove with
each Cabinet. al«o valuable recipes and formulas
for medicated baths and ailments, as well as
plain directions. It folds flat in 1 Inch spacp
when not in use; easily carried; weighs but 10
pounds.
People don't need bathrooms, as this Cabinet
may be used In any room, and bath tubs have
been discarded since this Invention, as it gives
a far better bath for all cleansing purposes than
soap and water. For the sickroom Its advan-
tages are at once apparent. There have been
So-Called Cabinets
on the market, but they were unsatisfactory;
Inconvenient, simply cheap, flimsy affairs.
After investigation we can say the Quaker
Cabinet made by the Cincinnati firm Is the only
practical article of Its kind, and will last for
years. It seems to satisfy and delight every
user, and tha
Makers Guarantee Besults.
They assert positively, aad their statsmeats
are backed by a vast amount of testimony from
persons of Influence, that this Cabinet will cure
Nervous Troubles. Debility. Purify the Blood.
Beautify the Skin and Cure Rheumatism. (They
offer $50.00 reward for a case not relieved.)
Cures the most obstinate cases of Women's
Troubles, La Grippe, Sleeplessness. Neuralgia,
Malaria. Headaches, Obesity, Gout. Sciatica.
Eczema. Scrofula. Piles. Dropsy. Blood aad
Skin Diseases. Liver and Kidney Troubles. It
will : 5J
Core tho Worst Cold
with one bath, breaks up all symptoms of La
Grippe, Fevers. Pneumonia, Consumpttoa.
Asthma, : and Is really a household necessity.
Gives the most
Cleansing and Befreshing Bath
knows, and all those enjoying health should
use It at least once or twice a w^ek, for Its
gnat value Is Its marvelous power to draw out
of the system all Impurities that cause disease,
and for this reason l» truly a Ood-s«nd to all
humanity.
HOW TO GET QNE.
All our readers who irant to enjoy peTfect
health, prevent disease, or ar» afflicted, should
have one of these remarkable Cabinets. Tha
price Is wonderfully low. Space pxevanta a de-
tailed description, but It will bear out th* moat
exacting demand for durability aad curative-
properties.
"Writ* Tn« "World Mfg. Co.. 1379 World Build-
ing. Cincinnati. 0.. and ask them to send you
their pamphleU describing this Invention. The
price Is wonderfully low, only $5.00 complete,
with heater, directions and formulas. Head
Attachment. If desired. fl.OO extra, and it U
indeed difficult to Imagine where one could
invest that amount of money in anything etee
that guarantees so much health* strength and
vigor.
Write to-day for fall Information; or, better
still, order a Cabinet. Tou won't b« disappoint-
ed, as the makers guarantee every Cabinet and
agree to refund your money after SO days use
If not Just aa represented.
"We know them to do as they agree. They are
reliable and responsible; capital $100,000.00.
The Cabinet Is last as represented, and will
be shipped promptly. Tou can remit safely by
express, P. O. money order, bank draft or cer-
tified check.
Don't fall to send for booklet, anyway.
The Cabinet Is a Wonderful Seller
for agents and the firm offers special Induce-
ments to both men and women upon request,
and to our knowledge many are making from
$100 to $I^o every month and expense*.
two years* doctoring, entirely cured hlin of
catarrh, gravel, kidney trouble and drop«y. wlta
which he had long been afflicted.
Hundreds of Ministers
write, praising this Cabinet Her. H. C. Ro«r-
naes, Everett, Kans.. says: "It's a blessing:
made me full of life and vigor; should be In use
In every family." Rev. J. C. Richardson. N.
Fifth St.. Roxbury, Mass.. waa greatly benefited
by Its use and recommends it highly, as also
does Professor R. E. P. Kline of Ottawa Uni-
versity, who says: "I find It a great benefit. IM>
Christian should be without It." Hon. V. C
Hay. St. Joe. Mo., writes: "Physicians gay» me
up to die; was persuaded by friends to try this
Cabinet, and it cured me. I cannot pral«« it
enough." Rev. Baker Smith, D.D., Fairmont.
N. J.. says: "Tour Cabinet rids the body of
aches and pain, and as cleanliness is next to
godliness, it merits high recommendation."
Congressman John J. Lentz. Mrs. Kendrlcks.
prln. of Vassar College; John T. Brown, editor
"Christian Guide"; Rev. C. M. Keith, editor
"Holiness Advocate," aa well as hundreds of
clergymen, bankers, governors, physicians aad
Influential people, recommend It highly.
It Prevents Disease,
and physicians are unanimous In claiming that
colds, la grippe, fevers, smallpox, consumption,
kidney trouble, Brlght's diseass, cancer — tn fact,
such marvelous ellmlnatlve power has this Cab-
inet that no disease can grain a foothold In your
body If you take these hot Thermal Baths week-
ly. Scientific reasons are brought out In a very
Instructive little book Issued by the makers. To
Cure Blood and Skin Diseases
tills Cabinet has marvelous power. Dr. Shep-
ard of Brooklyn states that he has never failed
to draw out the deadly poison of snake bites,
hydrophobia, blood poison, etc, by this Vapor
Bath, proving that it is the moat wonderful
blood purifier known. If people. Instead of
filling their system with more poisons by taking
drugs and nostrums, would get Into a Vapor
Bath Cabinet and steam out these poisons and
aseist nature to act they would have pure blood
and a skin as. clear and smooth as the most fas-
tidious could desire.
The Important Feature
of this Cabinet Is that it gives a hot vapor bath
that opens the millions of pores all over the
body, stimulating the sweat glands, drawing
out all the Impure salts, adds and effete mat-
ter, which, If retained, overwork th« heart,
kidneys, lungs, and cause disease, debility and
sluggishness. Astonishing is the Improvement
In health, feeling and complexion. The first
bath makes you feel like a new being; 10 years
younger.
With the Cabinet, If desired, la a
Head and Complexion Steamer,
In which the face, head and neck are gtren th*
came vapor treatment as the body, producing
the most wonderful results; removes pimples,
blackheads, ekln eruptions, cures catarrh,
asthma and bronchitis,
O. C. Smith.- Mt. Healthy, 0., writes: "Since
ÜBlngr this Cabinet my Catarrh. Asthma and
Hay Fever, with which I hare been afflicted
Mnce childhood, has never returned. Worth
$1000 to me. I have sold hundreds of thesa Cab-
inets. Ever one was delighted. My wlfa find*
It excellent for her ills."
"Whatever
Will Hasten Perspiration
every one knows is beneficial, but other methofl*
are crude and lnslgnlflcant when compared to
th« convenient and marvelo-Ji curatlv* power
of this Cabinet, known as the new 1903 style
Square Quaker Folding Thermal
Bath Cabinet. TTe flnd It to be a genuine Cab-
inet, with a real door, opening wide aa showtx In
cut "When closed It le air-tight: handsomely
made of best, moat durable waterproof goods.
CLARK'S FRIENDS POSE
AS POLITICAL PURISTS
Corbett, Wellcome and Day Deny All
Evidence Connecting Them
With Bribery.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— Senator Clark
?o-day continued and completed his testi
mony before the Senate Committee on
Klectlons, but his testimony did not at
tract as much attention as that of other
witnesses who were heard during the day.
The other witnesses were Frank Corbett
of Butte, recalled; E. C. Day, who was
the Clark leader on the floor of the Mon
tana House of Representatives, and John
B. Wellcome, who was a general manager
for Clark. Wellcome did not take the
stand until late and his examination in
Chief was not completed when the com
mittee adjourned for the day. He made
a general and specific denial of all the al
legations made by Wbiteslde and others.
Denials were made in response to ques
tions by Faulkner, and the witness uni
formly answered "I did not," "No" or
"Nothing like it occurred."
Day admitted having accepted a present
of j;»vj from Clark, tuid said that he un
derstood it was given as a testimonial and
as compensation for his services. His
oath of office as a member of the House
was read and seemed to produce quits an
Impression upon some of the committee.
Corbett and Justice Piggott con
fronted one another for a brief .period
early In the day and in a rather dramatic
manner. They both testified concerning
a meeting held by Corbett. and there was
a direct clash In statements.
Clark on the Stand.
When the cross-examination of Clark
was resumed the first Inquiry related to
the memorandum of expenses already
supplied by the Senator. He said he had
prepared this statement from the books
of his bank. He had not only destroyed
his checks but also the check stubs, but
was confident that the showing made waa
correct. . Clark said that so far as he
knew the committee acting in his behalf
In the campaign had not filed any state
ment of expenditures, as required by the
Montana election law. He had made none.
He had not considered himself as a can
didate when the members of the Legisla
ture met. Money supplied by him later
was for the purpose of expenses already
Incurred and not as a Senatorial candi
date.
Where Aid your ton ret the 120.000 he paid
during the session of the Legislature?
I presume he checked on his own account,
but I don't know.
What explanation did Mr. Wellcome make
when be made his demand upon you for $16,000?
He said, as well aa I remember, that he had
drawn upon his own account. He will, how
ever, be able to tell you about that. I required
no detailed statement from him, feeling confi
dent the expenditure was made in a legitimate
way.
Hoar Grows Incredulous.
deferring to one of Dr. Ector's letters
concerning Representative Woods. Mr.
Clark said he understood that Mr. Woods
wa.B a good-natured man and liable to be
influenced by those who saw uiin first.
II» bald he did not believe that he was
Becking or would take a bribe. He be
lieveu, however, that Dr. Ector bimseli
¦was intimating that he wanted pecuniary
remuneration. He said, though, that he
had merely glanced the letter over and
pa*>sed it to Blckford. This last remark
aroused the interest of Hoax, who asked
a number of questions, showing incred
ulity in the matter, but Clark Insisted
tTTSt he did not know Ector and that he
had given little attention to the letter,
notwithstanding it related to the vote or
a member of the Legislature.
Campbell asked Clark about the pur
chase of ex-Senator Power's stock in the
Fergus County Bank, in which State Sen
ator Hobson. chairman of the Republican
caucus of the Montana Legislature, is a
partner. Clark said he had understood
after his election as Senator that Senator
Power was incensed at Hobson for voting
for him (Clark) and had told Hobson that
he must find a purchaser for him (Pow
er's) stock, of which he owned 400 shares.
The Senator said he had investigated the
matter, finding the ctock to be dividend
paving, and had told Power that he would
take it, provided it was offered at par.
This offer was made later, after he had
pone to Europe, and Johnson, cashier of
Clark Brothers' Bank, consummated the
trade, paying $46,000 for the stock on his
account. Clark also testified in regard to
the $25,000 loan made by him to the Ross-
Dyer Mercantile Company but said co far
as he knew this firm had no connection
with State Senator Hanna.
Corbett Enters a Denial.
Frank Corbett was called to testify
concerning incidents growing out of his
visit to Helena on a special train In con
nection with C. W. Clark and Whitmore
on August 5 last. He said he had not at
that time known Dr. Treacey, never, hav
ing been introduced to him until early in
November of last year. Be said informa
tion had come to him that Wellcome's
Helena attorney said he did not mean to
file any answer. He had told Charley
Clark that the matter was a serious and
Important one and should be attended to.
"The trip was made for that purpose,"
paid Corbett, "and the idea that I had
anything to do with bribing the Supreme
Court is simply insane."
He declared he had received no message
from J. S. M. Neill to come to Helena, as
there was a possibility of doing business
with the Supreme Court, and explained
that he held a mortgage against Neill.
Faulkner said:
"Having read Justice Plggott's testi
mony, have you any correction to make of
your statement formerly given to this
committee?
"I have not," replied the witness; "my
statement is there with Judge Plgffott's
and will have to stand." , ; v '
Clark Denounces Daly.
Senator Clark was recalled and, in re
sponse to a question said he wanted the
control of the Legislature "in order, that
we might have some recognition of our
personal rights, because if Daly and his
following were to have control property
wes not safe nor life enjoyable." H«
continued, saying that the Dalyites had
deprived people, especially in Silver Bow
County, of their right to choose for
themselves in many ways, and that the
boycott was a common weapon against
those who did not recognize the Daly
power. He thought also that the Daly
people were determined to control the
county offices for the purpose of per
petuating their political control, and to
prevent this was one of the motives of
himself and his friends. His own candi
dacy had not been an issue In the legisla
tive election.
At Chandler's instance Clark related
particulars concerning his former politi
cal contests. He Bald that in his contest
for Congress in ISSS Daly had promised
up to the night before election to sup
port him, but when the voting began the
shift bosses in the Daly mines were found
to be liberally provided with pasters,
which they placed over his name in the
interest of Carter. The result was his
defeat by a large majority.
Day's Gift From Clark.
Hon. E. C. Day of the Montana House
of Representatives, who " was the Clark
candidate for the speakership of the
House, was called to the stand, He Eaid
he had been nominated as a friend of
Senator Clark, and then detailed the par
ticulars of the presentation to him of
$5000 from Clark. Said he:
While I was a member of the Legislature
no man ever approached or offered me any
money, but the day after the Legislature ad
journed Mr. Davidson came to my office, say
ing- he had come to express Mr. Clark's thanks
for my services and to present me a testi
monial of his regard and a retainer for legal
services in connection with the prospective
Senatorial contest. With that he handed me
an envelope containing two- certificates of de
posit for J2500 each. I thought over the mat
ter, probably as long as I have been telling
this, and took the certificates and deposited
them. Since then I have considered myself
Mr. Clark's attorney in every political matter.
Did you consider that JiOOO a retaining fee
or a rift?
I looked upon it partly as a gift and partly
as a retaining fee.
Did you place it to the credit of your law
firm; and, if not, why not 7
The' firm does not keep a bank account.
Did you divide this money with other mem
bers of your firm?
No; it was paid on my own personal account.
My partners hare their separate business mat
ters and I have mme — matters In which we
Wellcome Explains.
John B. Wellcome was called. He, next
to C. W. Clark, was Senator Clark's chief
representative in Helena during the ses
sion of the Legislature last winter. Well
come said he had gone to Helena to be
one of Clark's managers at the request of
the friends of the Senator, but that the
Senator himself knew nothing of the' ar
rangement until after It was made. -
Wellcome detailed Ills version of his
various Interviews with Whiteside. He
said that at one of these meetings "White
side had told him Senator Anderson would
vote for Clark and he had merely ex
pressed his gratification at this news.
Whlteslde had told him he was friendly
to Clark and intended to vote for him.
"He did not, however, take any part In
the advocating of Clark's election except
to myself." said the witness.
Whiteslde had been Introduced to him.
by either C. W. Clark or Neill. Whiteside
had then told him he was tired of his
affiliation with the Daly faction. Many
people had warned him against "White
side, but his uniform reply was that "h©
can do no harm. If he does not vote for
Clark we will lope nothing; If he does we
will gain something." He had never au
thorized Whiteslde, he said, to see other
members of the Legislature, nor had he
offered or given him $10,000 nor any other
sum as a bribe for his vote. He had not
authorized "Whlteslde to offer Senator
Anderson $10,000 for his vote, nor had he
said he would pay more for that Sena
tor's vote. !
In like manner "Wellcome was led over
a great deal of the ground covered by the
previous ¦witnesses who had used his
name. He denied each charpe that he
had authorized the use of money to Influ
ence legislators to vote for Clark.
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
EDUCATIONAL WORK
BY FRUIT-GROWERS
Speakers Address the Convention
Upon. Various Topics orMuch .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IROX
J f VII SnV R Cl\ m Battery Street.'
J-l* IUL3UA d CU-, Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH POX, Eupt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
r W QMITH 6hI P Plumbing. Steamboat
C- IT- J.'iii il. and Ship Work a Specialty. IS
and 18 TTashlnrton rt. Telephone Main L6U.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYF^/tfn Shipping Butchers, 104
JA> DVlUtt Ul-t Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
J. IV LUrJIAU, rty,^ fc^
PAPER DEALERS.
WIT I AWFTTF PULP AJfD PAPER CO..
ft ILL AJIEI IE 72 2 MontKomorr it.
PRINTING.
EC HnfiRFS PRINTER.
• I* Ol'UntJi EU Eansome st.. S. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Teinrgphic PARTRIDGE
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, SSFE^g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at IU GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the B**t CoaJ In the
market. Office and Yards — «50 Main street.
'
}# "PAT F NTS ,1
Vfi^33o MARKET ST.SI.^mSr
4THE twenty-fifth annual session of
the Fire Underwriters' Association
of the Pacific opened In this city
yesterday. Annual reports were sub
mitted and addresses made. Papers
touching upon the various phases of the
Insurance business were read and dis
cussed. The association Is composed of
Tl2 active and twenty-eight honorary
members. Most of these were present and
gTeat interest was displayed in the pro-
sidered so important that It was referred
for consideration to a committee of ihree,
who will report on If at the semi-annual
meeting.
Herbert Folger and C. Mason Kinnc
took part in other discussions. John T.
Fogarty reported for the executive com
mittee and Herbert Folger for the library
committee. The session will continue to
day when an election of officers will be
held. To-night the Insurance men will
hold a banquet at a downtown restaurant.
ceedings of the day.
One of the features of the session was
the address of Edward Xlles. the presi
dent of the association. He scored the
insurance companies that were attempt-
Ing to reduce rates and advocated a poliov
which would protect the company as well
as the person whose property has been
insured against loss. The speaker told
cf the benefits of the equitable compact
system and of Its relation to the improve
ment in the construction of buildings and
of fire departments and water systems.
To the standard methods he attributed
the repression of incendiarism and pro
tection of property and said that the rate
cutters, while enjoying all the advantages
to be derived from such a system were
displaying ingratitude by the guerrilla
ana cowardly practice of undermining the
strong pillars of the Insurance man's
prosperity.
President Niles stated that personally
he had nothing to say against the coast
agents of sucn companies. They were
doubtless acting under instructions and
it was to the companies themselves that
he directed his remarks. He stated that
their practices should not be tolerated and
that an effort should be made to suppress
them.
A memorial was then offered to the
members of the association who have
been called by death during the past year.
President Niles spoke with much feollng
on the past careers of B. M. Barrett of
Portland, Hiram Staats of Pasadena and
William J. Callingham. George F. Ashton.
William H. Bayley, Charles R. Story and
J. O. Wilson of New York.
Papers of interest to Insurance men
were read by William Sexton, Calvert
Meade, J. A. Faymonvllle, Edward
Brown, George W. Dornln, George F.
Grant, Franz Jacoby and George F. Low.
Mr. Meade's paper v. - as entitled "Fire
Patrol Systems," and suggested some
radical changes. This mater was con-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
' The" friends of the Old Government
Whisky, are never drunkards. *
Woman Knocked Down by a Car.
Mary Sullivan, an elderly woman, was
knocked down- and severely injured by a
Third-street car last evening at the cor
ner of Stevenson and Third streets. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where she was' treated for an ugly scalp
wound. The motorman, T. J. Knight, was
arrested and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of battery.
I Don't Be a Weak Man ! |
• * Don't let your past errors wreck the happiness of your life. You v^sS^> *
5 can be cured. Over 8000 such men as you have been cured during z^S'^^la^i o
• the past year by my :Y\: gpf v\ir9 *
• DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. f?JPl|§ i
%¦ If you have failed in other means that is no argument against it, &X~c^ Br^lr •
• for nine out of ten of its cures were made after all else had failed. It Wk±^*zos& *
J pours vitality into the nerves and muscles, restoring the wasted $$Wjp||||* J
• powers, and it must cure. It is worth its weight in gold, for it sat- •
• urates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new vitality. j^^W^l^^^^^^^^ 2
S Call in to-day and examine them or send for free book, "THREE •
• CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all. In buying one of my belts *^?iiPfi||Pf^ •
2 see that the letter <4 S" is perforated upon each cell of the battery, 'trademark. •
• as all others are imitations. Consultation and advice free. Office hours, 9to 6; Sundays 10 to 1. o
• ,¦-•; NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. J
I DR. T. A. SAN DEN, ® o-farrell street, j
• 119K SOUTH SPRINO STREET. LOS ANGELES, CAL. RUSSEL BUILOINO. PORTLAND. OR. 9
•••••••••••••^••••••••^^••••••••••••••ed«9O9»«O999wOw9wCe.OOwwoO99ftS
EXPERT OPINION OF
GOLDEN GATE PARK
John McLaren entertains a
noted guest.
William Faulkner, Superintendent of
th« Schenley Park at Pittsburg,
Pa., Views the Gem of
California.
Yesterday William Faulkner, superin
tendent of Schenley Park and Conserva
tories of Pittsburg, Pa., was escorted
through Golden Gate. Park from the pan
handle to the ocean boulevard by John
McLaren.. The distinguished guest from
the Keystone State has visited the lead
ing parks of America. Speaking of his
Jaunt yesterday, he said without hesita
tion that Golden Gate Park was unsur
passed. He pronounced the work of cloth
ing the wastes of sand with verdure as
marvelous and spoke with delight of the
wonderful variety of plants, trees, shrub*
and flowers growing in the park. H«
spoke of park extension plans in Pitts
burg and of the great conservatory estab
llshed by the generosity of Henry Phipps,
a partner of Mr. Carnegie. In the East
the cost of maintaining a large conserva
tory Is an important Item of park main
tenance.
On his homeward Journey Mr. Faulkner
will pay a visit to the beautiful parks of
Los Angeles. He did not see Golden Gate
Park under the I brightest auspices, as i a
drizzling rain prevailed throughout the
day; yet the visit, despite the : weather,
afforded I the guest great pleasure.
•A3 a rule tears do not accompany a
baby's cries until it 13 three months old.
NEW REGULATIONS
FOR STEAM VESSELS
Masters and Mates Must Have Had
Experience Before They Can Be
Qualified to Receive Licenses.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels, have
been notified by the Bureau of Naviga
tion In Washington of an Important
change In the regulations Introduced for
the purpose of securing the best and m«it
competent material as master* anu mated
of steam vessels for deep wtiter or coast
wipe voyages
Heretofore masters of sailing vessels
with three years' experience have been
awarded licenses as masters of steam
vessels, but under the new rule no per
son may be licensed as master or mate
of a steam vessel unless he has had the
necessary experience on steam vessels.
The new regulations prescribe that per
sons applying for licenses as masters of
Bteamers must have had three years' ex
perience on steam or sail vessels pre
ceding the application, one year of such
experience to have been as chief mate
of steam vessels
A person must have served one year
as second mate of steam vessels before he
can receive a license as chief mate of
such vessels.
The qualification for a second mate of
steam vessels is one year's service In the
deck department of a steam vessel. Mas
ters and mates must have a thorough
knowledge of the science of navigation.
Dameron's Will Contested.
Mrs. J. S. Putney. Mrs. S. Harper Bar
rett, Mrs. Sarah A. Preston, W. H. Smith.
Robert L. Taylor, John H. Taylor, Cas
•well W. Taylor, Hardln W. Taylor, J. D.
Galbralth and John D. Dameron have
filed a contest to the will of the late
James P. Dameron. *As cause of action
the contestants allege that the deceased
was not of sound mind when he made the
testament.
DENTISTS ATTEND A
MIDWINTER CLINIC
SUCCESSFUL AFFAIR AT THE
COLLEGE OF DENTISTRY.
Nearly Two Hundred Persons Seated 1
at an Evening Banquet Where In
teresting Discussions •
Took Place.
• The midwinter clinic, under the auspices
of the Oakland Dental Club and the San
Francisco Dental Association, was held
yesterday In the college of dentistry. Uni
versity of California, in the Donohoe
building. About ISO dentists were :n at
tendance and the clinic was a decided suc
cess The dentists came from Oakland,
Ban Jose, Santa Cruz, Sacramento. Vaca
vllle Woodland. Grass Valley, Alarr.eda.
Berkeley and other Interior points.. Uur
ing the session, which lasted from 9 a. m.
until 5 p. m., the clinics were as follov.s.
"Jenkins Enamel Inlay with Orleinal Jan
klns Outnt." Dr. F. K. Ledyard; "Jenkins
Knamel Inlay. Using Custer Furnace." Dr. C.
E Goddard: "Bridge Work Resting on the
Gum with Removable Facings." Dr. A. C.
Hart assisted by Dr. C. B. Hart: "Logan
Crown" Dr. L. A. Teague; "Open-Faced Cus
pid Crown." Dr. A. N. Copsey: "Tube Crown/
nr H D. Noble: "Gold Crown," Dr. F.
Tpacue'- "Gold Bridge Work with Rubber At
tachment " Dr. Alfred Cape; "Gold Filling,
with Dr. Max Slchel's new Sponge Gold," Dr.
TTrank C PaKue; "Imolantation." Dr. W. F.
Lewis- (a) "Necrosis of Maxilla." (b) "Clca
trix Treatment." Dr. J. L. Pease; "Artistic
Treatment of the Teeth." Dr. 11. D. Boyes;
"Aaueous Treatment of Sensitive »entlne In
Fxcavatlng." Dr. A. F. Merrlman Jr.; "Cata
phorealß." Dr. A. M. Flood: "Cataphoresls,"
Dr A M. Barker: (a) "Treatment of Pyor
rhoea" (b) "Regulating with Silk Ligatures."
p r ii -jl Cool: "Surgeon's Chair for Anae
thesla'and Extracting," Dr. 'L. - Van Orden;
"Jacket Crown." . Dr. 11. Hlpkins; "Jacket
Crown" Dr. J. A. Gllbertson:' "Callahan
Method of Root Canal Treatment." Dr. F. L.
Platf "Gold and Platinum Filling." Dr. A.
E Blake; "Practical Chemistry," Dr. J. D.
Hodzen: "Refining Gold Scraps.". Dr. Thsmaa
Fletcher; "Regulating Appliance*." Dr.. Rob
ert O'Connell; "Preparation of Soft Tissues for
Microscopical Examination," Dr. F. G. Can
ney "Examination and Treatment of Diseases
of Nose and Throat." Dr. James A. Black;
"Making and Inserting: Porcelain Inlay," Dr.
Wallace: (a) "Operation, with Mouth Illumin
ated from Within by Electric Mouth Lamp,"
f b) "Exhibition of Adjustable Mouth Mirror
and Mouth Dilator," Dr. J. A. W. . Lundborg;
"Forcible Eruption of Impacted Cuspid by Sur
gical ' Means Under Local Anaesthetic.',' -Dr.
C. Delchmlller; diagnosis of cases by members
of the clinic. . .
The committee of arrangements was as
follows: C. Delchmlller (chairman), Wal
ter F. Lewis, L. Van Orden. A. C. Hart,
E. C. Tlmerman and H. G. Chappel (secre
tary).
A dinner was given last night at a down
town restaurant under the direction of the
San Francisco Academy of Derital Science.
Discussion of the clinics followed and each
speaker was limited to a five-minute al
dress.
MORTIMER IS SELECTED
TO JUDGE BENCH SHOW
James Mortimer will Judge the next dog
show. A meeting of the bench show com
mittee of the San Francisco Kennel Club
was held last night, at which questions
of the greatest Importance to the succea*
of the spring show were decided. Of first
Importance was the selection of Judsu.
The expression of preference on the pare
cf the different specialty ciuba had been
solicited by the San Francisco Kernel
Club, and the answers received by Mr.
Norman, the actintc secretary, were in a
large majority favorable to James Morti
mer. This consensus of opinion had a de
cided effect upon the committee, already
favorably predisposed toward the gentle
man named, and the result of a vot»
showed that Mr. Mortimer was the unani
mous choice of the members of the com
mittee.
Mechanics' Pavilion has been engajrei
for the show, and the Pacific Maslllt
Club. Pacific Fox Terrier Club and Sr.
Bernard Club of California have united lr»
promising to do their best to fill the hig
barn with the dogs of their respect!\e
breeds. The greatest enthusiasm has> been
aroused by the Impending show, and mora
numerous and valuable trophies have beea
promised than were ever offered at any
show west of the Rockies.
It cannot be too often Impressed on own
ers of dogs th:it no pedigree Is needed to
entitle them to exhibit their pet 3. A
meeting of the Faciflc Bull Terrier Club la
to be held to-night to consider the ques
tion of prizes to be offered at the show.
The special meeting of the St. Bernard
Club of California was in session at tha
same time as tire bench show committee
of the San Francisco Kennel Club, and
messages of congratulation were ex
changed over the telephone between the
two clubs. r':-:i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"SENT FREE_TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Ken.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most reroark-
aV.e remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured to many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
tuHer with any form ot eexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
Io6» of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly pratsful
elect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles th&t
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
tuccess In all cases. A request to the
btate Medical Institute. 228 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ere* will b* complied with promptly. The
l-stttute Is desirous of reaching that
creat class of men who are unable to
leave borne to be treated, 'nd the free
rample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed, Thu
Institute makes no restrictions. Any n.an
Vjio writes will b. % *ent a free sample,
carefuly sealed In i plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ax*
requested to write without delay.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
_. -_ AMALCJ AMATOLS.
SAVE GOLI>-KrcKh Mf*. Co.. » St<T«nson
»U AmaiKStß'tors. Sand Or.trlfucal Purr.p».
~~ ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
SJOORE Improved Gold Separator A notary
Amalgamator on exhibition. C 9 Stevenson it.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
PAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No qulck-
¦ttMT. Hand or power. In operation 14 Sp<«x.
STEAM ENOIN-S.
Call and eec the lighten, cheapest, special Cape
Nome steam engine: working part* completely
inclosed; VA to »2KJ for 1 to 30 horsepower;
weights 90 to 1400; one operating »t RIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. 618 Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS la fllHn*
large cuznbers of orders fcr Nome, lfl-lil
First »*.. 8. F.
OILS.
LUnRICATINO OH. Crude Oil and Oasolln*.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 gpear «t.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift Gol-i-Bearlng Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at C2S Stxtb ct. BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Bupply fresh or aalt Mater for sluice boxes;
h!jth cr low lifts. Slmonda. ZZ Market st.
ENG^ES. BOILERS. ETC.
nxKER A HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on tbe coan. Pine A Davis «t».
it r;NSJ I A W. BUCKLEY A CO.. Punjps,Stearo and
Oa«*Uoe Engine*. Uollera. it and at Fremont.
TENTS AND «. OVERS.
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturers, ba**, tents.
covers. SI and a California r.t.
WINTER RESORT.
SPECIAL ROUM-TRIPTICKeTSTO
PASOROBLES^Huj*
Most noted Mineral Bprlnrs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Liver,
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent. MO Market at.
J. B. STETSON'S BRIDE
IS A BUSINESS WOMAN
She Has Only a Life Interest in the Doe
Estate.
SOCIETY consoled itself for not be
ing "among those present" at the
wedding of J. B. Stetson and Mrs.
Eleanor Doe at Pasadena yester
day by greeting ono another with
a trite "I told you so." Rumors of the en
gagement of the aged millionaire and the
widow of the wealthy lumber man were
afloat so often that when the announce
ment of the wedding finally came the
bloom was off the peach. Even the fact
that the children of the groom had with
held their consent failed to Interest, for
that, too, was an ofttlmo told tale.
She Has No Millions.
The lady who yesterday became the wife
of the aged railway man has- enjoyed a
reputation for far greater wealth than she
actually possesses. Six years ago when
John S.-Doo died he left an estate that
was appraised at $1,200,000. One hundred
thousand dollars of this estate was willed
to various relatives and the remainder
was to remain in trust with Barlett Doe
and Charles Doe; the revenue of one-half
of the estate to be paid ovor to the wlUow
and the revenue of the other half to the
child The widow was to receive her
Share in monthly installments of $1000 and
if at the end of the year the revenue ex-
ceeded more than the twelve monthly
payments that sum was to be paid over
to the widow. At the death of the widow
the money was to revert to the daughter,
the only issue of the marriage. If. how
ever, the daughter should die before at
taining majority her share in her father's
estate was to revert to her paternal rela
tives.
Invested All Her Money.
John Doe's widow has proved herself a
capable business woman and more than
able to look after her child's Interests and
her own. Her Income from the vast
estate left by her deceased husband she
has Invested wisely, real estate receiving
her especial attention. The result is that
Mr. Stetson's wife has considerable landed
interests, and although not a millionaire
is still not in financial straits.
Not a Society Woman.
Since Mr. Doe's death Mrs. Stetson has
lived very quietly and It !s doubtful If a
score of her husband's many friends have
tbe pleasure of her acquaintance.
Whether she will meet Mr. Stetson's se
lect circle and whether there will be a
general exchange ofi social courtesies are
the questions that the groom's set is dis
cussing.
ONE SCHOOL MAY
BE SACRIFICED
TO SAKE OTHERS
Class Consolidation to
Cease.
VIEWS OF SUPERINTENDENT
?
LONGFEIXOW OB STANFORD UN
DER CONSIDERATION.
Pupils Will Be Transferred to Other
Near-By Institutions Which
Have a Number of Va
cant Classrooms.
The Board of Education has called a
halt In Its avowed policy of consolidating
classes in the public schools, and at Us
meeting this morning it Is not expected
that any consolidations will be put into
effect. At a recent secret caucus the prop,
osition of consolidating a class each in the
Le Conte and Hancock schools was se
riously considered, and had It not been
for the strenuous objections of Superin
tendent Webster, who has all along been
opposed to the board insisting that the
mathematical rule of forty pupils in pri
mary grades and fifty In the grammar
classes be strictly adhered to. the consoli
dations In the two schools named would
undoubtedly have taken place.
The board. It Is understood. Is now di
recting Its attention to the abolition of at
least one" school In the district south of
Market street, and on this point Super
intendent Webster is quite In accord with
the directors. The two schools now un
der consideration for abolition are the
Longfellow and the Stanford, either of
which, in the opinion of Mr. Webster,
could be dispensed with without Impairing
the efficiency of the department, for the
classes could be transferred with ad
vantage to other schools. There Is now a
vacant prindpalshlp at the Edison School,
to which Mrs. Lyon of the Stanford or
Miss Jessie Smith of the Longfellow could
be assigned and still retain their classifi
cation.
There are five or six vacant classrooms
at the Franklin Grammar to which the
classes at the Stanford School could ho
assigned, and the rest provided for at the
Starr King. Should the Longfellow School
be done away with the Whittler cou'.d
take 250 pupils and three classes could be
Installed In the Rincon. As the Rinccn
adjoins the Longfellow some classes
might be left in the latter school under
the supervision of the Rincon principal
Either plan is regarded as perfectly
feasible, and while no teachers would lose
their positions if the rule of seniority of
service is carried out. it might have the
effect of placing one or two on the substi
tute list. While the School Directors dis
claim any intention to abolish any school
at the present time, it Is understood that
the plan will be ultimately adopted as a
matter of expediency.
NOBLE EFFORTS
TO GUARD THE
SEQUOIA GROVE
No Time Lost by Cali
fornia Women.
The laflies of the California Club who
ere laboring co heroically to save the
USES SOCKS AS
A MEDIUM TO
FLEECE WIDOWS
Crook Plies His Trade
in the Potrero.
A crook whose education in his chosen
line has evidently not been neglected,
and who, garbed as a "slave of the wheel
of labor," has learned that proper manip
ulation through the undignified medium
of various pairs of socks leads on to for
tune, has been "working" the widow
storekeepers of the Potrero and South
San Francisco during the past few weeks
In an old but clever way. The criminal
in the case, who is described as a man of
middle life, garbed as though his only
calling in life was that of an Iron
worker, made his appearance In 'the Po
trero last week. He appeared In the
store kept by Mrs. Getchel at 612 eight
eenth street and proceeded to unfold a
tale. He said that he was in need of a
pair o£ socks, as his wife was absent and
no on.? was near to darn those worn with
use. Mrs. Getchel placed in his hands for
examination a pair valued at 25 cents. Ho
said that he would take them and they
were wrapped up. In payment the crook
handed Mrs. Getchel a $5 gold piece.
The Sock Flim-Flam.
He was given the socks and his change
— $4 75. After examining other goods on
display the unknown criminal walked to
the door. On reaching it he hesitated a
minute and then returned to the counter.
He said that after reflection he had be
dded to await the return of his wife,
who would mend his socks, and conse
quently he would return the pair already
purchased. He placed the socks on the
counter, received his $5 piece back, but
on reaching the door again decided that
he would take the . socks. Again they
were wrapped up; a coin, apparently the
same $5 gold piece, was thrown on the
counter, he received the change and left
the place In a rush. A subsequent exam
ination of the cash In the drawer devel
oped the fact that the crook had, on the
last occasion, passed a gilded 1-cent
piece and had received the change for $5.
As the first coin placed by him on the
counter was In fact a $5 piece the coin
dropped on the second occasion escaped
examination by the storekeeper, who was
of opinion that the same coin was twice
placed before her for charge. After she
discovered the deception tliat had been
practiced on her Mrs. Getchel made In
quiries and found that the same trick
had been successfully worked on other
parties In the neighborhood. Mrs. Getchel
reported the matter to the police and an
effort to locate the confidence operator
is now being made. Many people in the
Potrero have very vivid recollections of
the appearance of the crook, but It is
safe to say that he has by this time
sought new fields in which the story of
his misdeeds and special way of working
has not yet penetrated.
giant trees of Calaveras have lost no time
In forwarding- the good work. On the 13ch
of January, during the work of club fed
eration in Los Angeles, Mrs. Lovell White
for the first time heard of the proposed
sale of the Calaveras grove. Immediately
Mrs. White notified the members of the
California Club and the ladles at once
started In to try and save the forest for
the State. Mr 3. Judge Murphy wrote to
Representative Julius Kahn, and Kahn in
terested Congressman Marion de Vrlos.
Then Mrs. Lovell "White wrote to Mrs. A.
D. Sharon, a prominent California Club
woman at present in Washington, an<l
Mrs. Sharon enlisted the sympathy of
Senator Perkins. On the 17th of this monih
De Vrles introduced a bill in the Houne
for the condemnation of the park, and on
the following day Senator Perkins pre
sented a similar bill to the Senate. A del
egation of California club women also
called upon Senator-elect Bard during his
one-day stay in town and obtained from
him the promise of his earnest support In
the matter.
Influence Is Brought to Bear.
The preservation of the Calaveras grove
row rests with the national authorities,
and the work of the California Club
women at present Is along the line of se
curing all the influence they can to bear
upon the lawmakers. Everybody who has
a friend in Washington is being appealed
to. Letters galore have gone on to both
Senators and Congressmen. Even the
President has not been spared, and per-
Eonal friends of the chief executive have
written him for his support in the matter.
Club Appeals to the Public.
On Saturday the club sent out the fol
lowing copy of resolutions:
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
San Francisco. Feb. 17, 1900.
Resolutions urging the purchase of the Cala
veras biff trees of California by the Federal
Government:
The Calaveraa Grove of sequoias. Included
In a tract of foreat land covering about 2300
acres, comprises 1450 trees of a genus found
at the present day only In California. Some
of these tree* are reputed to be 6000 years old
and upward, and their size and height war
rant this belief.
Whereas, A lumber merchant has secured for
$1000 an option of purchase on this tract of
land, expiring April 1, 1SO0; and.
Whereas, This grove, unDaralleled In the
size and magnificence of Its trees, is one of
the rreat natural attractions of the world;
Resolved, That In view of these facts the
California Club protests against the destruc
tion of these trees and beseeches Concress to
purchaw? and set aside this prove as a national
park, and it urges upon all citizens, all or
ganizations and legislators, both State and
national, to Join In commending and further
ing this course of action.
MRS. I-OVELi. WHITE, President.
Citizens Ready to Co-operate.
Yesterday 7000 signatures came In re
sponse to the club's appeal and they em
braced the entire personnel of the Mer
chants' Association, Stanford University
and the Pioneer Association. These reso
lutions are to be distributed throughout
the State, and when the signatures have
reached a sufficiently startling numbtr
they are to be forwarded to Washington.
The most the ladles expect as the result
of their labors Is that Congress will make
the sale of the grove Impossible. Their
next step will be to get the State Legis
lature to take. the matter in hand, to the
end that the giant sequoias become the
State's property.
. THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. | 'THE EMPORIUM.
n ¦ ¦"¦-.-¦ ¦ *ji
* This Week-All Key West and Domestic 12\o Cigars fon Wo; All Bo Cigars, 7 for 25c. g
| UN MA TCHABLE WEDNESDA V SPECIALS I |
1 Special Wednesday Offering. g *- Special Sale Wednesday. :?
\ /fw^ (^^ Sensational m HmS JM Five BoWes I
S Jlvv© Mi Ribbon Sate WWine for $1.00. |
$ (^^^^PN\VM TO-DaWm (wlo}^JS J^h-~SJ) We'll only sell 1000 bottles at this $
X mm^^JM We have secured a big ribbon -jkX TM^m Va V KJ£^ e "«* alit^ Por * f f
& Hi/ X- i^WW^ Sinß °f colors; bought it so cheap Kj r• .« A> •*
S PI mML^&^ that We Can Offer iC for this da y Onl y at Floor-Tjtar. \ .%
g \o^\&r*^f^) the following ridiculously low prices : Sale Wednesday Only '?
* W ifO» s—l in. wide 4c yd I No. 3O—?-i in. wide... 13c yd ___ _ _ * * **m* am. mam mm * X
t ¥ fei^VISS^SSS!SS:SB^£:S£:::JgSjS- Kirk's Best 25c Box Toilets
If 'Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. '. $&*%*3tw**+ U^P/r* " *5
i &oaps tAZGm j^^-^ffigy 5
* A Ca^:,,; Cr.7^ /V.^ f/f/ r^r7«/,0/7^« . Only 500 boxes will be sold at the gpecfal /^r^S \^ V*v* Y^V Vv 5
g A special Sale for Wednesday. VTice ; TheTe are in this lot three varieties of £§^5\ Y^^^r^r^^X f
J. CSm+m>4-. £*§*&****> G£*aa#;mm 4S>** ~-~M Kirk ' 8 best 25c a box Toilet Soaps— delicately v^^\ 30&Z*Tf.7JJG£/?r , 'x
% rii*ss—tbria&s v&neetffne/ k&c yu. scented "cocoa Butter," the O ni y toi- \>3-'q^ •^utwr'L*. — ' %
I We have secured 200 pieces of five yards each-1000 yards all told-of heavy «- LnV'^oo/lS^ fi^'£«f ?/fl?we'll 1 %
Ix^s^^x^s;x^:^^^iBc &3«55#35 I
}f WMe Goods SecUon-Main Floor. Bargain Tables- Main JlisU.
J To-Ttay, Wednesday, Only. Special Wednesday Only. J
| Special Art Department Sales. 500 Corset Covers 25c. %
tf Study in Roses— We boujrht a i An aBaor . te d l ot > embroidery trimmed with insertion, some with half a'eevea to •*
!S small lot— just 218 -of these beautiful roses i , w ear with shirt waists, sizes 32 to 40, but not in all the styles, were 50c, &SZg% x x
tf by Paul deLongpre, size 12x18 inches, on 2-inch -^i^5 ?7 ""^&.^ >^>^ j special to-day Ami*J%M %
*£ embossed cream mount, very attractive, &£f% '^^^^o^^^^^f »
g. special price thi., day on iy &U For Wednesday Onlv—Extm Specials. :5: 5
* Beautiful OSoogrsphs-^. ®^ffl^^®lM^ o~ 'A m #fe a x
J. cial purchase of IG7. size 13x20 inches, on \^^§M^?&m> FUr^itUre &UZS G&rj®ef&* *
it handsome greon mount, throo charming sub- I <-ViJ "-^€~^S^S^^^ - v
X jects, worth at least 35c, for this .-. '" '¦"¦¦¦¦ '¦ ' ¦-^SgL£ggaacgi| Parlor Tablo— Curly birch, top 26 inches in diameter, with scalloped shelf. "J
5 day only, each JtSfC I - regularly 3.50, special $1.85 "x
* Framed Etchlngs-47 only, bought for quick selling, delightful pictures J^?IST^SrwV£ B^M *"**¦ "^ * *"*** 4 Sn S
* Jlrt 'Department— Second Floor. Combination Book Case and Writing Desk-SoUd oak with 12-inch 'J
X — square French-plate mirror, roomy book case with adjustable shelves, regularly ?13..^0, x
x Special for Wednesday Only. parlor set- s vices',' mahog^ %
£ Oini^^ Osbi^^m "2"*** several very pretty designs, regularly $25.00, special, the three pieces $16.25 3*l
$ O>£~4&a Qjrr&SSnMerjf SSiMSXer *3>&Ca Upright Folding Bod-Solid oak with 15x40 bevel plate mirror, nicely •«
tC mnn #*t a- • j j * ¦iB * i — . . — . carved and pol ; shed, a well-made bed in every respect, regularly $40, special.£3/.SO "5
* /.-i™ 0 ™ °n\^Z SIZ °- .. s q uares - a! } d , n0 niore--of strictly flwt-class Cocoa Door MsiS-lS inches wide, 26 inches long, closely woven, heavy and 3
g Creamery Butter will be on special sale to-day only, per square... %9%9*M durable, special, each .7. 250 »\
V First Floor— J.ssie-Street Side. Smyrna Rugs - 26x54 inches, strictly all wool, reversible, fringed end?, rejni- .«
X larly $2.50, special.. 57.60 •$
fi» r>~i*i £__./ r%» r> •r, , „ *. , tapes try Carpets -Some of .the new spring patterns, all-wool surface, "«x
X ~ i UOld-eantiCti Glassware- Sugar Bowls, Cream Pitchers, Butter ma ke splendid bedroom carpets, regularly 65c, special, per yard 450 *
X Dishes Spoon Holders, Jelly Dishes, Fruit Dishes, Nut Bowls, Syrup Jugs, etc., Wilton Velvet Carpet-Elegant designs, with or without borders, hand- £
g worth from 2oc to 43c apiece, until closing time Saturday night 15c BO m9 and durable parlor carpet, special, per yard 82\o X
•£ ¦* I ? Axmtnster Carpet — A heavy deep pile carpet, makes handsome parlor car- "*
* Boys' TwO'Pioce Sails $1 80-* New spring patterns, in seven pets, has handsome borders to match, special, per yard $I*OO "5
g. sty'ish colorings, for boy 3 Bto 15 years, worth $2.45 and $2.95, choice until clos- Body Brussels Carpet — A high grade of the best wearing carpet made, j»
X ig time Saturday night $1.80 special, per yard O2io •*
X + — — __ ; Second Floor. {E
$ Closed to-morrow, Washington's bv 'thdav. "SftiillP S"SSB^feßl>i?!3 WSkM Out-of-town folks should send mmc and address %
f Headquarters for Cape Nome and Alaskan supplies. Hh££ B.firßMw'ltCEiS § @jpl at once for free copy of cur mammoth spring and :?
$ Lee, the Juggler— Exhibition Hall daily — P^OoUf«sißuleßa^a.aM-. 8 summercataio^ ue ' "The Emporium Economist," now %
j£ 10 .0 12 a. m., 2to y p.m. californias larqest-america-s grandest "store, iii press. Mail orders filled promptly , satisfactorily. %
x ... ....... .... . . ..,,,.. . ? •*
FIRE UNDERWRITERS WAGE WAR
ON OUTSIDE RATE-CUTTERS
5It would be interesting to know by what process ot
ir.ental alchemy the opinion held by the local yellow
sheet in reference to Senator Bard was changed from
hysterical antagonism to fulsome adulation. Can it
be possible that the business office is responsible?
A$ a perpetrator and model of modern piracy the
local telephone monopoly is entitled to the gravest
consideration. The people seem inclined to give it
and the Supervisors to facilitate it. A special election
would teach the pirates wonders in common sense.-
The sewer cleaners who. by command of our new
organic, municipal, law, must give bonds to the city,
Jir.ve a reasonable right to infer that they are sus
j-'t-cted of having larcenous designs upon our antique
wwer system.
The Kentucky . political feud has probably passed
the danger point. It has been takeg into the courts
arid most of the contestants will in all likelihood die
a natural death before it is concluded.
San Lcandro has added to the splendid record of the
vrst resources of California and its products. An irate
ci'.izcn has used a beefsteak to excellent advantage as
a deadly weapon. .
Our latest prize-fight swindle is very clear evidence
that the gentle art of thievery is practice/1 with
marked success in our midst
A project is on foot to establish in this city a cont
mercial museum for the display of the products of the
world. This ought to suggest itself as an excellent
opportunity for us to exhibit plaster casts of some, of
the political products now reigning in the City Hall.
The glorious privilege of lying like gentlemen
seems to have its drawbacks in a notorious case now
on trial in one of our local courts. The "gentlemen"
concerned seem to have the unfortunate faculty of
getting caught.
If court scenes in the City Hall continue to be as
warlike as they have been of late it might not be amiss
for the new Chief of Police to detail a few patrolmen
for garrison dut/ in the antique pile.
The park suicide who left a dying admonition tc
his wife to beware of a man who drinks had evidently
quenched his thirst tg his satisfaction, and didn't care
to have his successor follow his example.
If the Supervisors follow the lead of their Finance
Committee in reference to street lights dark lantern,
and portable artillery will be the fashionable equip
ment of night pedestrians after March i.
The preacher who is pleading for patronage on the
score that he is a reformed -gambler and drunkard
evidently thinks that San Franciscans take kindly ;o
indecent spectacles in a sacred cause.
"Fighting Joe Wheeler" has at last got a job where
his martial spirit can revel in the clash of arms. He
will take charge of a Colorado training-school for
rough riders.
MR. OLNEY ONCE MORE
OF all the rainbow chasers of our time none are
more persistent in their chasing, or are more
subject to illusory rainbows, than that
class of people who call themselves "conservative
Democrats." The object of their pursuit in chasing
the rainbows that shine in upon their imaginations is
to get away from Bryan. Every time they sec any
thing that glitters in the upper air, or along the dis
tant horizon, they think it a sign from heaven that
Bryanism shall be no mere, and rush toward *it with
all the devotion of a fanatic's zeal.
If anything in Democratic politics can be ac
counted as sure, the renomination of Bryan. by the
national convention of the party this year is that thing.
Time and agnin efforts have been made to raise new is
sues for the party or to find new leaders. The men who
have engaged in such efforts have not been lacking in
political astuteness. To that end Hill and Tammany
have combined in New York, Gorman has lent his
aid in Maryland, and many an influential Southerner
has co-operated; but all efforts have been in vain.
Still the delusive hope survives, and works so po
tently upon the minds that cherish it that now at this
late day it paints another rainbow on the political
sky. The ardent conservatives are persuaded they
perceive a movement in the West for the nomination
of Olney.
Had the Olney rainbow appeared in New England
it would have been a not unreasonable vision: or had
the western glow shown the face of some other con
servative there would have been at least a seeming
reliability in it; but the sudden fancy of a movement
ii> the West for the nomination of Olney is something
like lunacy.
The fantastic vision, however, has its votaries
among persons who are capable of discussing it with
great gravity and decorum. Thus, for example, the
New York Post says Indiana is the center of the
movement for Olney's nomination, and proceeds to
moralize upon it thus: >
"Probably no such good fortune is in store for the
Democrats and the country as the nomination of
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
KOPJE AND LAAGER— A. S., Tracy.
Cal. In Dutch "kopje" means a small
hill and "laager" means a camp.
CORRECT EXPRESSIONS— A. B. S.
F., CKy. It Is proper to say two pairs of
curtains; also to say two spoonfuld of
flour.
CLEVELAND'S ELECTION— A. • S.,
City. Grover Cleveland was elected Pres
ident of the United States In ISS4 and
again in 1892. ¦
MUST WAIT A YEAR— W.. City. A
woman lawfully divorced In this State at
this time must wait a year before she can
marry again In this State.
TO SECURE A PATENT— \V. C. City.
The safest way to secure a patent Is to
employ the services of a reputable patent
agent. The first cost for obtaining a pat
ent, aside from the fee paid th* agent. Is
$15 for the application and J2O for issuance
of the patent.
THE BOURGOGNE— A. B. R.. Half
nioon Bay, Cal. The French line steamer
La Bourgogne foundered early July 4,
IS9B, after a collision with the British
iron ship Cromartyshire, sixty miles south
of Sable Island. Of the 725 people on
board 535 were drowned.
TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECES— S. J. P.,
City. There is no premium offered for
$20 pieces coined during the seventies.
Dealers charge for such coins 1 ssutvl . IK7O
to IS>O, oxcept those of 1575 ana 1576, tr^.m
*-"5 to $30, and for those of the exoepte-l
years from $25 to $40.
. BUREAU— Subscriber. Wood ford. Cal.
This department cannot furnish you the
information asked for, because it does not
advertise private enterprises. If you had
sent a self-addressed and stamped envel
ope with your request you would have had
an immediate answer.
CORDAGE WORKS— S.. Santa Rosa.
Cal. There are but two cordage works on
the Pacific Coast— one In San Francisco
and the other in Portland.. Or. The price
of Manila hemp Is very uncertain at this
time, as there is none In the market. If
there were It would command from 14 to
15 cents.
WHY NOT A LEAP YEAR— J. C. S..
Ryde, Cal. The reason that 1900 Is not a
leap year. Is because It is one of the one
hundredth years that cannot be divided
by 400 without a remainder. The rule Is
not that a hundredth year may be divided
by 4 without a remainder, but It applies
to such hundredth years as can be divided
by 400. It so happens that the leap years
coincide with the years that are at visible
by 4, and thus they are known. Of the
years concluding centuries and known as
hundredth years— c. g., 1800, 1900— only
every fourth . is a leap year, beginning
with 2000—1. c., only those divisible by 400
(c. g., 2000. 2400 2800, etc.).. The .reason for
this Is that the year la not exactly 363
days, but there Is a matter of eleven sec
onds a year which Is aggregated once in
four hundred years to strike a balance
and when the Gregorian calendar was ar
ranged It wan decided that the extra day
which would fall In the hundredth years
that could not be divided by -400 should
be dropped and that year should not be a
leap year, so as to bring about the equal
ization.
BEIGE CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented is a beige cloth
and velvet. The corsage Is a bolero, edged
with velvet to match, and gold buttons.
The guipure collar has ends running down
the side of the muslin waistcoat. On each
side of the skirt is a tab In the same style
as the edge of the corsage, and round the
bottom are graduated velvet bands on the
cross. The skirt is pleated over the hips.
1 are registered at the Palace from their
home in Napa.
Dr. F. A. Keablea of the Veterans'
Home is at the California, where he ar
rived last evening.
B. F. Sargent, a prominent attorney cf
Salinas, is staying at the Occidental wMH
In the city on a flying visit.
Lieutenant H. M. Merrlam, U. S. A., son
of the general of that name. Is among the
recent arrivals at the Palace.
Captain W, H. McKltrlck. son-in-law of
General Shatter a<nd the officer who flrsi
raised the flag over Santiago, Cuba. !s at
the Palace, where he arrived yesterday
from Bakcrsfleld.
Major H. F. Bular. formerly of the Fngr
lish army but now a capitalist who Is in
teresting himself in California properties,
is at the Palace, where he arrived yester
day morning from Los Angeles.
R. Marpole, D. A. Marpole, R. F. Mar
pole and D. Charlson form a party of Ca
nadian Pacific officials who have returned
from a pleasure trip to the southern part
of the State and are now at the Occi
dental.
W. Goldner, the well-known pianist and
composer from Paris, arrived here with
his wife last Friday on the steamship
Coptic from China. They are making a
trip around the world and expect to be
home In time for the Paris Exposition.
Mr. Goldner has not boon here for twen
ty-two years. He will remain In this city
for a few weeks at VVt Sutter street be
fore starting for the French capital.
LUMBERING THE CALAVERAS TREES
WHAT has been known as the Calaveras grove
of big trees, the Sequoia gigantea, is about to
be lumbered.
This was the first group of the big trees discovered
in California. • Nearly fifty years ago the measure
ment of individual trees in that grove aroused the
world's wonder and curiosity.
Long ago these trees passed into private owner
ship and have been one of the standard show places of
the State, on one of the routes to the Yosemite.
We believe that all the other well known groups of
the big Sequoias have been protected by being made
Federal reservations. Besides the intrinsic interest in
the trees themselves, this Calaveras group is of his
toric value, derived from being the first that was dis
covered, and therefore the subject of the first discus
sion among botanists and dendrologists, ard the
cause of the first controversy over the name that
should be given to that variety of forest giants. The
English botanists attempted to fasten "Wellingtonia"'
as their designation, and the Americans countered
with "Washingtonia." We believe, however, that
Sequoia gigantea has come to be the accepted clas
sical name, in distinction from the near congeners
found on this coast and in Japan, the ordinary red
wood of commerce, the Sequoia sempervirens.
This group, to which so much interest attaches, has
been bonded for sale to a lumberman from Duluth,
Minn., who has acquired also a large tract of forest
land in the same region, covered with yellow and
sugar pine, cedar and other valuable lumber and tim
ber trees. This lumberman is without sentiment in
the matter, and to him the big trees mean so much
value in board measure, and he will fell and scale
them as his own, and their glory will be quenched
in rustic, shakes and shingles, as if they were not the
aristocrats of the forest. They are very old. The
birds were singing in their foliage when the Jews
were unable to sing the songs of Zion in captivity
and their harps were silent by the waters of Babylon.
But they are worth no more for lumber on that ac
count.
A worthy movement has been started in this city
to save them from the, saw. The ladies of the Cali
fornia Club have instituted measures to that end and
are influencing the Federal Government to interfere.
Resolutions have been introduced in both branches
cf Congress directing the Secretary of the Interior to
negotiate for the purchase of the grove as a Federal
reservation. But Congress must make an appropria
tion for that purpose, and that means a very deliber
ate proceeding, if it be accomplished at all. The
giove is outside the lines of the existing forest reser
vations, and its administration by the Federal Gov
ernment would require a separate establishment.
However. Federal processes may well be used to ar :
rest and hold the matter where it is for a few months.
If the resolution of direction to the Secretary of the
Interior pass, he may authorize the institution of
proceedings to condemn the property for a public
use. and this proceeding, perhaps without an appro
priation, might hold the grove until the Legislature
meets next winter, when the State could assume the
matter by consent of Congress and buy the property
as a State park.
This occurs to us as the easiest and most feasible
way to save those priceless trees from destruction.
The ladies of the California Club will have the sup
port of the Sierra Club, the Waters and Forests So
ciety, the State Board of Trade and all other organi
zations in the State which have an economic or sen
timental interest in the matter. It is evident that in
a public sense the only present resort is to Congress.
That failing, recourse may be had to our own people,
to get the money advanced to buy the option held by
the enterprising gentleman from Duluth, and await
the action of the Legislature. It seems incredible
that the destruction of the grove should be permitted,
but it 3S in private ownership, and the 'owner may
do what he will with it. independent of all public
authority, unless proceedings are begun to condemn
his private property for a public use. There is as
surance that the owner, who has given the lumberman
an option, is in sympathy with efforts to preserve the
grove, but his sympathy is one thing and his neces
sities quite another. It is said that he has made some
endeavor heretofore to pass the trees to public own
ership for public use. It is to be regretted that he
did not make his wish in the matter known to some,
one of the organizations now interested in the sub
ject, for it is certain that they would .at once have
taken up the matter and avoided this crisis, which
finds them in such difficulties as surround the appeal
to Congress and the risk of waiting for the Legisla
ture.
Richard Olney for President in opposition to Mr.
McKinley. This would. call the party back to its best
traditions of public policy and private character and
ability in its official personnel and would promise the
Republicans, in the campaign and in their future ad
ministration, the healthful stimulus of enlightened and
patriotic. opposition, as to methods and details, on
common ground of settled economic principles and
loyalty to indisputable national duties and interests.
The Democratic party will have to ¦ endure further
chastening under Bryan before it will be 'fit for such
leadership as Olney's. But the mere talk of him,
especially in the West, is a sign of comfort."
If the mere talk_of Olney in Indianapolis be com
forting, then comfort is so cheap no one need grudge
it to'those who are content to receive it in that shap;.
In the meantime Bryan continues to do the talking
for the' party and apparently no one is doing the
thinking. Between the blind Bryanites on the one
side and the dreaming rainbow chasers, on the other,
the poor old Democratic donkey has but a slight
chance to escape being driven into the ditch at every
turn of the road.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge I. F. Posten Is at the Lick ?roia
his home in Selma.
Dr. Porter of Napa is at the Grand, ac
companied by his family.
Charles M. Coglan of the State Board
of Equalization is a guest r.t the Lick.
H. H. Mitchell, a wealthy business man
of Portland, Or., is at the Occidental.
H. Doc C. Barnhart. the Santa Cruz cap
italist. Is among the recent arrivals at the
Dr. H. M Kerr. a well-known medico I
man of woodland, Is a guest at the
Grand.
John C. White, a prominent merchant
of Marysvtlle. is making a short "stay at
the Lick. .
H. M. Bu^khalter. the millionaire lum
ber man of Truckee. is at the Lick tor a
few days.
Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Hopkins have 'ome
up from Los Angeles and are Btayinc at
the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Goodman Jr.
A Hard World.
"By lookln" In de microscope," said Plod-
ding Pete, "you learns dat every time you
drinks water you puts a bunch o1o 1 wild an*
wigglln' animals In yer stomach."
"\es," answered Meandering Mike, "an*
If you drinks whisky you has 'era In yer
head: bo what's a man to do?"— Washin-
gton Star.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
.*" tinent.
The California Limited. Santa 5> Route.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office. S2B Market street.
In the present financial muddle in which the city
is deeply involved the old-time excuse of loading
upon the shoulders of the men who have retired from
office the burden of blame is not available. The men
who are now floundering in dismay are responsible
for the policy which is being worked out in confu
sion.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethlnc or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup, 23s a bottle.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping: cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors, accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. O Market street.
Henarie Contest Dismissed.
An order dismissing the contest to the
will of the late D. V. B. Henarie. Insti-
tuted by decedent's widow, Marie A.
Honarie. was dismissed without prejudice
yesterday.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend'a.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tn»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THEY DANCED
AFTER DINNER
Seventy-Five Young People
Entertained by Lawrance
Irving Scott.
Lawrance Irving Scott entertained sev
enty-five young people last evening at the
home of his parents. Mr. and Mrs. Irving
M. Scott, on Harrison street. During the
past season Mr. Scott has been extensively
entertained, and his dinner last evening,
followed by a dance, was the young host's
•way of making return for courtesies re
ceived.
All the guests were young people with
the exception of a half-dozen marriel
couples, who only remained for dlnnvr.
The dinner, an elaborate affair, wns
served at five small round tables, e^e'i
one of which was elaborately and differ
ently decorated. Immediately after din
ner dancing was inaugurated and- con
tinued until midnight, when a dainty sup
per was served.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. J).— H. T. Anderson
of Ben Lomond. Is at the Waldorf-Astoria.
Evan W. Ward of Los Angeles and 11.
Loring of Oakland are at the Manhattan.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— J. J. Croweil
of Los Anjreles Is at the Raleigrh; Henry
A. Cohen and wife of San Francisco ara
at the Wellington; S. T. Alexander of
Oakland Is at the Shoreham.
TAXATION OF TELEPHONES.
DESPITE the ill success which has thus far at
tended all efforts on the part of the Super
visors to compel the telephone corporations to
I ay a just share of municipal taxes, there is every
reason for believing the new ordinance introduced by
Supervisor McCarthy on Monday will prove effec
tive. It is ba«ed upon an ordinance adopted by the
municipal authorities of Ogden. which has stood the
test of the law of Utah and been approved by the
appellate com. It has therefore the advantage of a
tirong precedent in its favor, and will doubtless be
iJstaincd by California tribunals.
In its nature the ordinance is simple. It provides
that it shall be unlawful for any person, company or
corporation to operate and maintain in the city and
county of San Francisco any telephone instrument
for which a rental charge is made without first ob
taining a licence for each instrument; that for each
hcen«e there shall be paid quarterly the sum of =o
cents: that it shall be the duty of all persons, com
panies or corporations operating and maintaining
telephones in the city and county to furnish quarterly
t(« the Tax Collector a complete li«t of all instru
ments in use, with the names and locations of persons
renting; them: and, finally, that a violation of the
c?dinar.ce shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$;oo or imprisonment not exceeding ioo days or
both ' ' '
Such an ordinance will doubtless prove valid, and
its enforcement will not be difficult. The license im
posed is not heavy, and it cannot be charged that any
unjust burden has been imposed upon the telephone
corporation*. There remains, however, another fea
ture of the case to be taken into consideration. The
Pacific Telephone Company, through one of its offi
cials, has given public notice that the tax imposed by
the municipality will be added to the charges made
by the company upon the public. "We will put it in
the bil!." said the official, "and then there will hxt
some lively kicking." That announcement not only
shows the character of the corporation with which
the public has to deal, but also makes clear the next
step which must be taken in guarding the rights of the
,As the charter reads now, the municipal authorities
have no power to*regu!ate telephone corporations.
The defect was caused by a clever trick on the part
cf the corporation, and must be remedied at once. Ir
will be of little avail to impose a tax upon the cor
porations if they have the power to shirk the tax by
shifting it upon the public. The charter must be
amended at once, and the Supervisors should make
provision for calling an election for that purpose
without delay. The amendment should be adopted in
time for submission to the Legislature for ratification
next winter. Tha? is the issue at present, and it is to
be expected the Supervisors will act promptly upon it.
Ex-Transport Manauense, Which Will Carry Coal From Kanaimo, B. C, to Honolulu.
CHARTERS CLIMB
WHILE CAPTAINS
RAKE IN MONEY
Best Price Since the
Fair Wheat Deal.
• ¦ ; »
SHIP RELIANCE GETS PLUM
THREE SUGAR BOATS RELEASED
FROM QUARANTINE.
?
Naval Transport Badger May Be Used
as a Dispatch, Boat to Alaska by
the Army — Water Front
Notes.
Freight rates have been advancing
steadily for weeks past and yesterday
they reached a figure which has not been
touched since August, ISS7. At that time
James G. Fair was in the middle or his
big wheat deal and every vessel that
could carry grain was being chartered.
William Dresbach was then acting as
agent for the Fair syndicate. He char
tered the British wooden ship County of
Yarmouth for 41s 3d per ton. it was never
paid, however, as the bubble burst and
the vessel was turned back to her own
ers, much to the disgust of Captain
Swanson, her master. Later the County
of Yarmouth was f^lad to accept 31a, at
which figure she loaded for Cork.
The big four-masted iron bark Reliance'
was yesterday chartered by Eppinger &
Co. at Us 3d and will begin loading for
England in a few days. There is no
question at all but what her clTarter will
stand, as the advance in rates is the re
sult of a steady growth in trade and a
consequent scarcity of ships. At the
present time there are only two disen
gaged vessels in port— the rJritish bark
Caithness-shire, which arrived last Sun
day from Australia, and the German
bark Paul lsenberg, which arrived Mon
day from Honolulu. The Isenberg will
probably go back to the islands for a load
of sugar, but the Calthnesa-shire, being
a small and handler vessel than the Re
liance, will get an advance on the figure
patd that vessel. The County of lar
nniuth, which received 41s 3d In ISS7. was
2154 tons net and the Reliance, which re
ceived the same figure yesterday, is 245s
tons net burden.
The demand for ships has increased the
demand for men to man them, and in
consequence sailors are scarce. The
ships E. B. Sutton and St. Francis, which
will go from here to Honolulu to load su
gar tor New York, had to pay the men
?¦'til a month to the islands, an advance of
lo'a month. From the islands to New
York the rate will only be $2u a 'month,
but the chances are nearly all the men
will desert at Honolulu and new crews
will have to be shipped. The Crown of
Denmark had considerable trouble get
ting a crew and there Is a probability
that an advance in deepwater wages will
follow in a few weeks. ¦
The bark S. C. Allen, barkentlne S. G.
Wilder and brig John D. Spreckels were
released from quarantine yesterday and
were taken to the sugar refinery.
After the Badger.
Captain Barneson of the transport ser
vice spent all of yesterday at Mare Island.
He made a' thorough examination of the
naval transport Badger and will make a
rtport upon her to the Government.
Should she prove suitable the army au
thorities will purchase her from the navy
and use her as a dispatch boat between
here and Alaska. The navy has no more
use for her and as she is a good service
able boat the chances are she will be
transferred to the army.
William Doyle and Peter O'Brien were
locked up in the Harbor Police Station on
a charge of disturbing the peace by Po
liceman Clifford yesterday. They were
quarreling, and when the officer asked
them to be quiet they attacked him. Clif
ford knocked them down, with his club
and then handcuffed them. As both had
slight scalp wounds they were taken to
the Harbor Hospital, where both attacked
the ofnctr again. They were quieted once
more and then were put out of harm'a
way. . ." .¦ -
The big tramp steamer Algoa reached
Yokohama on February IS. As she left
here January 22 she must have taken
about ten days longer to make the run
than any of the regular steamers.
The British ship Andrina. which was
wrecked In Policarpo Cove, Terra del
Fuego. has been salved at great expense
The vessel is a total loss. The Andrina
left Antwerp on March 2, ISS9, and was
lost the following August. This la the
unknown vessel nearly every ship that
put Into Port Stanley has reported as
being lost somewhere off the Horn
THE CZAR AND THE FINNS.
WHEN .the Czar rested from his labors for the
pacification of Europe and the disarming of the
nations, and found recreation in the easy pas
time of suppressing the independence of Finland, he
graciously conceded to the Finns permission to con
tinue their ancient Diet at Helsingfors, where their
delegates might meet, elect officers, debate and 'go
through the forms of parliamentary government.
That Diet has recently assembled, and the .peace
loving Czar has sent down, for the edification of the
members, a speech from the throne which would
hardly be unworthy of the Kaiser himself.
> The address begins with the statement: "I have
summoned you for the consideration of various
measures relative to the local conditions of the Grand
Duchy of Finland, the object of which is to promote
the well being of the country. Of late various mis
fortunes have occurred and a' portion of Finland has
suffered by a failure of the crops, resulting in : immi
gration on a considerable scale. I hope by means of
the measures before you, and with the aid of private
benevolence, to place the people in a position to en
dure the trials sent by ,God."
All of that sounds most excellent. There is a
marked change in the tone and sentiment of the im
perial speech, however, when it proceeds to set forth
the measures proposed for relief. The first proposi
tion-is that the Diet shall enact laws to prevent^tlie
emigration of agricultural laborers, and the second is
that steps shall be taken to put people having no
property in a position to acquire possession of land.
With that measure there is to be introduced into
Finland the tactics the Russians have employed else
where when seeking to destroy the ancient liberties of
a people. By promising to give persons without
property an opportunity to become land-owners, they
divide the oppressed people into hostile camps, ar
raying the landless against the landlords, thus pre
venting anything like unity of effort on behalf of lib
erty. It is a cunning trick in the statecraft of im
perialism, and costs the Russian Government noth
ing, for when once the class, antagonism has been
aroused the people have no leaders and the landlords
no followers, so neither party ever gets strong
enough to demand that the Government fulfill its
promises.
.The closing paragraph of the address is significant
of the change that has been brought about in the na
ture of the Diet, and shows it is no longer regarded
by the Government as an independent body. The
Czar says: "Opinions which are not connected with
the above questions, or do not concern questions of
general imperial interest, must not be brought up
for discussion in the Diet. Opinions of this kind
were uttered in the last Diet and aroused among the
people a depressing feeling of unrest for which there
was no ground. A repetition of this will raise doubt
as to whether the institution of the estates is com
patible with present conditions."
It is to the credit of Finland that even in this dark
hour she does not lack for men with courage suffi
cient to proclaim liberty in defiance of a foe so cun
ning and so strong. When the address from the
throne had been read the Marshal of the Province,
speaking in behalf of the nobles, declared the Finns
iegard self-government as a vital condition, and that
many were emigrating not to seek food, but to find
homes 'in a land of liberty. The Archbishop of Aba,
speaking for the clergy, warned the Czar: "Fate
changes quickly. The civilized nations soon turn
from empty megalomania and lust "of power to work
for truth and right, lest ruin come upon them. The
deeply longed for era of peace will appear when jus
tice has prevailed." The spokesman for the burghers
added the final word that illegal measures estranged
men and checked the development of nations, and
thru neither Russia nor Finland would profit any
thing by the measures proposed by the Government.
Thus the situation stands, and the Czar will doubtless
conclude .from the tone of the speakers that even a
Diet by sufferance is incompatible with present condi
tions.
A large and influential club has been organized for
the single purpose, of striving to benefit the entire
city. The members might wisely interest themselves
in coaching Mayor Phelan's infant class in city gov
ernment how to run the municipality out of debt
without making it a prey to night marauders.
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 21, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor: .
heiress Ali Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I UILUATIW OFFICE.. Market and Third. 8. F.
Tflrpk.nc Mnln ISOS.
I UITOKIAL, H00M5....217 to 221 Stcrrnion St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered lir Cnrrlern. 13 Cent* Per Week.
Mncrle Copies). 6 Cent*.
Terra* by Mall. Inrlmltne I'oa facet
P VIL.Y c Al.l. (loelodtiiK Snndnr). one rear..sft.OO
DAIL.V CALL <lnola<llii(r Sunday). 6 month*. . a.OO
UIILV CALL. (tneladliiK Sunday). 3 months.. 1.r.0
IJVII.V CALL ll y Stnsrle Month OSe
M XUAV CALL One Year 1.50
Ü BKKLt CALL One Year 1.00
All yosttuaatera are authorised to receive
subscriptions,
(.ample copies nlll be lurnarded nlira requested
OAKLA.MJ OFFICE 1118 Oroadirar
C. GEORGB KROGIV'nSS,
Uaaafet Foreign Advertising. Morgoette Bntld-
Inar. ChlcaKo.
KEW YORK COnnBSPOJrDEJTTi »
C. C CAIILTO."* Herald Sonar*
CHICAGO MJWS STANDS i
Sherman Houset P. O. JVews Co.i Great Korth
ern Hotel t Fremont House i Aadltorlum Hotel.
JVEW YORK .YEWS STAKDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel) A. Brentamo. 31 Vnion
•«naret Murray Hill Hotel.
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE! t
FERRT LCKEJtS JB 29 Trlbame Bulldlna-
W"i.fniXGTO\ CD. C.) OFFlCB..Welltßffton Hotel
J. F. EAGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICK?— - 527 Hontsromerr. corner of
Clay, open until 9(30 o'clock. 300 Ha yen.
open until Bi3o o'clock. 689 McAllister, open
ontll Vt3o o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9i30 o'clock. 1041 Mission, open cndl 1O
o'clock. SSttl Market, corner Sixteenth, open
no til 9 o'clock. IOMI Valencia, open an til 0
o'clock. IOG Eleventh, open nntll O o'clock.
X\V. comer TKCBtr«iecond and Keatacky,
open until O o'clock.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO : CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrftena— Vaudeville.
Ttvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Oowa-hou?e— "Aladdin Jr.**
CoJunsbla— "Hobln Hcod."
California— "Who Is Who?"
Alhainbra— JefTrl-e-Sharker Contest Pictures.
Alcazar— 'The Prodlsal Father."
Cbate*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Olympla, corner cf Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Wfftfrn Turf Agnociatlon— Race« to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By New Tork Auction Co.— Friday, February 23. at 11
o'clock, Govemn-ent Supplies, at 516 Washington street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r "" '"-" '"— i
The fifty-cent size b just I
richt for the baby. A little |
of it in the bottle three or *
I four times a day will supply I
| precisely the fat all thin ba- f
I bies need. If your baby does 1
not gain in weight as fast as
you would like, try ; ;
Scott's Emulsion ;
j The result will please you. If
5 the baby nurses, the mother :
should take the emulsion, j
It makes the baby's food ;
richer and more abundant; I
only buy the dollar size-ifs |
more economical. I
Both mother and child will feel at f
once its strengthening, upbuilding i
and fat-producing properties. f
At all (trumruts :_foc. and It as. I
SCOTT &. BOWN E. CWisu, New Y«du *
— '«¦ '¦¦ "• •• in in mn I
6
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.Shriners' Night at Techau Tavern.
The public will please take notice that
on Wednesday evening. February a. IDOO.
Techau Tavern will be closed to the gen
eral public after 8 o'clock, the entire build-
Ing being reserved by the Mystic Shrine
for their after-theater banquet and ball. •
He Wants a Divorce.
Robert. A. Stltt has sued Mary E. Stltt
for : a divorce. -alleging cruelty as cause
of action. .
Identified the Books.
The trial of Thomas A. Burns, John J.
O'Brien and Edward D. Swift, charged
with defrauding the city of School De
partment lumber contracts, was continued
before Judge Cook yesterday. William
W. Wells, W. E. Cunary. John H. Han
*en, T. A. Burns, the defendant. Dr. G. I.
Drucker, R. P. Hoole and R. H. Webster
were on the stand during the day. The
testimony of all of the witnesses went to
establish the Identity of books, the fig
ures In which are relied upon to obtain
the conviction of the defendants. The
books were Identified and to-day the work
of connecting the defendants with the al
leged frauds will begin.
ages and attorney's fees, but primarily
for the purpose of testing the validity of
the ordinance. •
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Patents, Pensions, Postoffice Changes
and Army Orders.
Special Dispatch f The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Peter- Beanston, San Francisco,
assignor to G. R. Fletcher, crematory carriage;
Alexander G. Carter, Fresno, clow; James L.
C*cll, Los Angeles, machine for digging pota
toes: Hugh C. Davey. CalUtoga. quicksilver
furnace; Frank B. tHjffy, Low Angeles, Incan
descent vapor burner; Lester R. Leland. Los
Angles, acetylene gas generator; Coby Loren
zpn, Oakland, protector against steam for ket
tles; Charles T. Meredith. San Diego, educa
tional chart: Lewis H. Mertz. Lcs Angeles,
telephone directory: John O. Miller. San Fran
cisco, fare register; James H. Northrop, Tus
tin, roving stop motion for spinning frames;
Cnlvln Osrburn. Riverside, acetylene gas gen
erator: Jnrnes L. Patterson, Madera, and G. T.
Hill. Mer<vd. feeder for threshing machines;
Alfred J. Salisbury, Los Angeles, pump piston;
George F. Sculer and M. Granat. Stockton,
acttylen* gas generator; James R. Thame, Hol
oomb Vali-y. fiber pulley.
Oregon— Ll2i!e M. Adams, Portland, ward
robe.
WHfhlnglon— Edward R. Gould. Spokane,
shirt; William McCaffrey. Tyler, railway switch
stand.
Q. H. McLean was to-day ' appointed
Postmaster at Julian, San Diego County,
vice S. L. Harrett, resigned: also C. L.
Wallace at Keyes, Kern County, vice G.
M. Hell, resigned.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War the following acting assistant
surgeons of the United Spates army will
proceed to San Francisco and report In
person to the commanding general of the
Department of California for duty:
Palmer Hi Lyon, New York City: Charles
Roemelt, Elmira. • : f
Pensions— California: Original— Charles Peter
son. San Francisco. J8; Lorenzo D. Jared, Es
tella. S3; Daniel E. Nichols, Fresno, J«; John
A. 'Martin, San Francisco, $6: John Schout. San
Francisco, $6. Increase— Richmond Rating, Lln
don, $0 to III; Perry M.' Johnson. Rohnervllle,
IC to $12: Orange S. Caullfield. San Diego, JIS
to f4. Mexican war survivors. Increase—Rob
ert Fitzgerald Williams, Veterans' Horn»
Xarn, ?S to $12.
Oregon: Increase— Joslah Martin, Oregon
City. ?6 to ? 14.
Washington: Increase — Daniel I* Druse
North Yakima, $8 to $10. .
Will Contest Commenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 20.— A will contest
was commenced in the Superior Court to
day. A few months ago W. E. Kelthly
died,. leaving all his property to his young
widow. Mrs. Bernice Kelthly. His
mother/Mrs. A. Keithly, has brought suit
to annul the will on the ground that he
was unduly influenced and not in his light
mind when he executed the same. The
trial is likely to develop some sensational
features. *
Will Prohibit Bookmaking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. WOODLAND, Feb. 20.— The directors of
the District Agricultural Association
have decided to prohibit bookmaking at the
race meeting to be held In August, for the
reason that they believe. U to be detri
mental t#o district fairs.
INSURGENT
TO BE TRIED
FOR MURDER
Guerrillas Are Classed
Now as.Bardits.
MANILA. Feb. 20.— A military com
mission will meet at Cnlamba to-morrow
to try a Filipino member of the guerrilla
band which attacked a squad of Ameri
cans on February 2. killing a corporal.
The charges are murder and assault with
intent to kill.- The case is important as
foreshadowing the policy of trentin«
guerrillas as bandits. It .is supposed that
one reason which hns hitherto deterred
the American authorities from adopting
this policy is that the Insurgents have
more-t-han fifty American prisoners and
may retaliate. - although only a few of
them were captured while flghtlng.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Judpe Taft.
president of the Philippine Commission,
had a lons conference with Secretary
Root at the War Department to-day in
regard to the proposed work of the com
mission. It Is expected the commission
will be completely organized In the near
future and that it will start for Manila
about April 1. Only two members of the
commission have been appointed so far,
viz; Judge Taft and Professor Worcester
of the original commission. Colonel Den
by of the old commission, who was In
vited to c-erve on the new commission,
hns declined the offer. As the commis
sion will concist of five members it re
mains for the President to appoint three
others.
General Otis to-day cabled the War
Department the following list of casual
ties: ¦¦¦."•«-• ;.v
MANILA. Frb. 19.— Deaths^- Malarial fever,
January 2. j Arlington Mayse, Company H,
Twenty-second Infantry: February 10, Willis
McMartln, corporal Company G, Forty-fifth In
fantry; February 12. Azarlan Harron. Company
K. Thirty-eighth Infantry; drowned. January
15, Albert Jay L. Perry. Company A. Thirty
second Infantry, bathing in Rio Grande Flor
ida Blanco; February 14, John Magnusen, band
Thirty-fourth Infantry, bathing Rio Grande Ca
banatuan. : iAicon; February 15, Jbsoph F.
Carnes, Company F, Thirty-fourth Infantry;
Rio A*?no. near San Nicholas, accidental; Feb
ruary 9, Daniel P. Jenkins, Company M. Twen
ty-second Infantry, grunshot; January 20. Wil
liam Crawford, corporal Company X, Twenty
elxth Infantry. Angeles, Luzon, fell on dagger
worn by him; gunshot In action, January 27,
Amos O'Neill. Company F, Thirty-ninth In
fantry: heat iwsTatlon. February 9, Frederick
Uegweln, Company H, Twenty-seventh Infan
try; pneumonia. February 11, John P. Hill.
Company C, : Twenty-ninth .Infantry; variola,
February 5, Porter McGuyer. Company D,""For
ty-fourth Infantry: February 12. Cyrus E. Brlt
tay. Company A. Thirty-sixth Infantry; dysen
tery, February 14. Andrew Andersen. Company
H, Thirty-fifth Infantry; Carl Nessel, Company
C. Fourth Cavalry; typhoid, February 16. Clar
ence Van Border, corporal Company B, Thirty
seventh Infantry.
try with his life. You know how well he
has ke^t his promise.
Cloverilule has a brilliant future before It
•In another line. For several months you have
seen surveyors in your vicinity seeking; the
moet convenient passare to extend your rail
roud to the forests near the coast. I have no
doubt that through the enterprise and energy
of Mr. Foster, the model railroad president of
California, and his able directors the road will
soon be extended far north, perhaps to con
nect with a new transcontinental line.
An excursion rate of one fare for thu
round trip has been arranged from San
Francisco, poing and returning: durinp the
fair. Sonoma County day, which w'U be
on the 22d. will undoubtedly be the big
day of the fair. There will be present that
day the California Glee Club and Mando
lin Club, under the name of the "Califor
nia Entertainers." composed of fifty mu
sicians and comedians. Besides this there
will be the Petnluma band, as well as the
local and Healdsburg bands.
Exhibit at the Cloverdale Citrus Fair.
ADVEBTISEMSNTS.
gSQEBBBHEBHBBDSfInBBaBB
I Free Tickets i
B TO THE H
I Orpheum! I
H Q
2 BUY TOUR W
gb a a
D H mtt — mi
B SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND B
GET FREE TICKETb TO THD W
E ORPHKL'M. pj
E fcj
J Tbe JohnsoiHLocke g
g Mercantile Co., |
B 204 FRONT STREET, §
|! BAN FRANCISCO,
H Will Exchange for I>«nox and Ivory (a
»-j Boap Wrappers ¦•
M FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM H
5 UNDER THE FiM.TA>\VINO CON- W
X DITIONS: fc3
E If You Want a 25c Reserved Seal £¦
D Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP M
Eg Or U Wrappers of IVORY SOAP «
m Or eiee send U Wrappers of LENOX 2
S: EOAP and < Wrappers of IVORY SOAP £»
H If You Want a EOe R-servpd Seat E3
B Send 53 Wrappers of LENOX BOAP |S
CJ Or 24 Wrappers Of IVORY POAP. ri
m Or etse send 25 Wrappers of LENOX n
2 SOAP ar.d 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP »
CBBBSEBBBCBBSaBBSSBEBa
DEATH OF A NOTED
PAINTER OF ANIMALS
William H. Beard, a Member of tlra
Academy, Succumbs to
'Apoplexy.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— William H.
P-card, the artist, died at 11:57 o'clock to
right. Mr. Beard'? death was due to
apoplexy. He had been ill since Januarj
£7. His condition changed for the worse
yesterday and he was unconscious for a
considerable time before hie death.
William H. Beard was famous as a
painter of animal?. He was born at
Palnesville. Ohio, in IS2J. He began his
professional career about l£4t>. Ten years
later lie studied and painted in Europe.
His wife was the daughter of Thomas
Le Claire, the portrait painter. He was
elected a member cf the Academy in 1562.
preme Being? Says the Incarnate Lord .
mi, erro:
I am the origin and end
Of all this changeful universe.
Th*re la, O hero, naught b«yondl
For all ia strung on Me atone.
As the beads upon the thread.
I am the freshness of the waters.
The splendor of the iun and moon.
The essence of the holy writ.
The sound of sounds, the man In m«n.
I am the life of life. O prince.
All true devotion's centered power.
All beings' seed am I. the strength.
The wisdom of the strong and wise!
And how, then, are mortals to know
him? Says again the divine teacher (xll.
6(1):
Lo, those who worship 'Me alone,
« Committing all their acts -to Me.
Regarding Me their aim and end.
And thinking above all of Me,
Their hearts. O prince, do dwell in Me,
And I to them shall b«, forsooth.
A savior from the ¦urtrinx flood
Of death and migratory ut*.
Thus the who<e teaching of the Bhaga
vad-Gltd. Is to fix our soul upon the Lord,
to the exclusion of all things tending to
draw us from him. Not that we should
neglect our duties in life, but that these
should be sanctified by recognizing all
blessings as faint rays of him "who is the
life of life, the splendor of the sun and
moon."
Our of Brahrranlsm grew Buddhism aa
a reformed faith. Ita tenets were ex
pressed In Pali, a slater dialect of San
skrit. The sweetness of many of its
teachings may be Inferred from a few
quotations of the words attributed to
Buddha himself in one of the canons of
I3ud<3hiam. the Dhammapaden "Virtue's
Way," translated by Max Muller. "Sacred
Books of the East'):
Hatred is never conquered by hatred; hatred
Is conquered by love. • %
Let man overcome anjer by love, let him
overcome evil by good; let him overcome the
greedy by liberality, the liar by truth.
As the vaasika plant sheds Its withered flow
ers, men should shed passion and hatred.
Him I call indeed a pious man who is tol
erant with the intolerant, mild with fault
finders and free from passion among the pas
sionate.
If a man conquer In battle a thousand tiir»'»
thousand men. and If another conquer iiimself.
he is the greatest of the conquerors.
But Hindu literature, though largely re
ligious and philosophical, is &J3O ia no
small degree secular, even if then usually
permeated by religious conceptions. The
lllnda possesses at least two gTeat epics,
of which one. the Mahabharata ("the
great Bharata War") Is the moat famous.
Thla huge epic of about 200.000 verse-llnea
describes the contest between two royal
families, both descendants of Bharata.
But being the production not of one man
but of sucessive ages, the chief narrative,
probably rooted in a simpler one of his
torical foundation, la Interwoven with nu
meious unalien episodes, breaking the
chain of events and filling by far the
larger part of the epic.
Lvrlc poetry also found rich expression
in Sanskrit. Among larger lyric poems of
recognized worth, the most celebrated is
MegbaDuta ("The Cloud Messenger."
translated by H. W. Wilson, London.
1814). This poem, composed by the great
dramatist Kalidasa, who is supposed to
have lived in the early part of the sixth
century. A. D.. is really overcharged with
striking poetic imagery.
Strange us it may seem. India la yet
more famed for its dramatic than for Its
lyric and epic poetry. Among the dra
matic poets Kalldasa, the author of "The
Cloud Messenger," stands foremost, and
"Shakuntala," the gem of Indian dramatic
composition, and one of the great world
poems. Is his masterpiece. .
When llrat made known to Europe
more than a century ago It was hailed
with expressions of unreserved admira
tion by the foremost literary men. Hum
boldt said that "Tenderness In the expres
sion of feelings and richness In creative
fancy have assigned Kalidasa his lofty
place among all poets of all nations."
Only some salient works of the Sanskrit
literature have been touched upon In this
necessarily brief sketch. They may suf
fice, however, to show that this literature,
among much that is valueless from an
esthetic point of view, also contains
works of no small merit. It may be true
that even the best Hindu poetry contains
elements that are at times offensive to
our esthetical taste; gorgeous colorings
to the neglect of finer shades, grotesque
leaps of Imagination and supernatural in
vention. But. after all. no literary work
of a remote time or a foreign civilization
can be appreciated without that degree of
general literary culture and broadness of
spirit which will enable us to discover
real beauty even through the veil of un
familiar ideas and associations. It may
be true also that our superior culture pro
vides for poetic forms that were beyond
the Hindu. As our knowledge ripens into
a better understanding of the secrets of
nature, of society and of religion, not only
our store of words but all kinds of ex
pression are wonderfully enriched. How
could the ancient Hindu, with his limi
tations, have framed a figure like Long
fellow's "The clock kept time with the
revolving spheres." or Colerldge'a "There
are errors which no wise man will treat
with rudeness while there Is a possibility
that they may be the refraction of some
great truth below the horizon?" But
where poetic expressions are suggested by
a more Immediate observation, by first
Impressions from external forms and or
dinary human conditions, the Indian muse
is. in her better moods, nowise unworthy
of her Western sister, besides having a
peculiar charm of her own. Perhaps In
all the wide world's literature there Is not
a womanly character more charming for
pure, delicate tenderness and devotion
than are Damayanti and Shakuntala.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
:'. I Spring Term, 1000.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for ' Girls.
These courses will continue until
June 7. 1900. Examinations will be
held af their close as a basis for tha
granting of certificates.
A LITERATURE 4000 YEARS OLD.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
AUSPICIOUS OPENING OF
CLOVERD ALE'S CITRUS FAIR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vsfeo have been relieved of
painful menstruation by
Lyilia E m Pinkham's Vege-
tztle Gontpoundf are con-
stantly writing grateful
letters to Mrs, Plnkham,
I'-y-ii* E. Pinkh^n's Vegetable Compound I
cured them. It always
relieves painful periods
and no woman who suf-
fers should be without
this knowledge.
If early all the ills of
women result from some
dorangemont of the
female organism, Mrs,
Pinkham's great medi-
cine makes women
healthy / of this there is
overwhelming proof.
Don't experiment. If
you suffer get this medi-
cine and got Mrs, Pink-
ham's free advice. Her
address is Lynn, Mass,
AMUSEMENTS.
Tl;'.ri sr.ii T*Ft Week, the Famous
BOSTONIANS.
TO-NIOHT em SATT'RDAT NIGHT anJ j
S=ATT"RI>AY MATINEE.
"ROBIN HOOD.", 1
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
"THE SERENADE."
Be£. NEXTMGNDAY,
DENMAN THOMPSON;
And an Entirely N*"w- Production at
THE OLD HOMESTEAD,
VC'TE-Mr. Thompfin will positively anpe-r ;
AcrttSS lh:s ;nga?»ni'nt <fnr the first time j
her'- in ov»r twelve yenrsi, presenting his ortg- |
i:ial creation cf Joshua Whitcomb.
A BLIZ7.ARI> WOCXD NOT EFFECT
THE TKEMENIiOUS CBOH'DS THAT AXE !
COMING IN TO SEE
WHO IS WHO.
IM LAfGHS IN 130 MINUTES.
sfecialT
UAXOiZB TO-MOIUtOW. WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY.
Reserved Spats. 2r<- and ZOc.
PEATS NOW ON PAKE FOR
"THE EILKNCE '>F I>F.AN MAITLANP." ]
Sunday afternoon next. &t 2:15. the Eminent '
ATr. H. R. ROBERTS, and MISS MAOOIK
"< 'ORE and her Australian Company.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TONIGHT w^K ENTmE
MORE FUN THAN EVER.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHER I nmmfflmiM'f
EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY,
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
15c, 25c R ||^f D 35c, 50c.
Ne« Week— "THE NEW safc-'TH."
"HOOT MON, THEILASSIES LOVE ME!"
43d PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Cyclonic Suece»»,
Evening at 8. Matine* Saturday at 2.
Grand Holiday Matinee Thurfday
POPULAR PRICES— 2Fc and 50c.
Telephone Bush 9.
<TIIE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
LAST TIME? THIS WEEK.
Utandins Room at Ev*ry Performance.
EVEfI V EVENINO AT B:IS.
MATINEE DAILY AT 2ilS.
TH.PP.. JEFFRIES-
THEEEA SHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURES.
VEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON and NIGHT.
LAST PERFORMANCES.
Th!» Thf<tt<*r will remain c!.«««v1 for two week*
c.-inuTKT.ciwt Monday. Ffbruary M. to ajlo'*- for
KTrtH-IVT Stace Improvements.
NEXT— "HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH?"
OLYMFJA c E o D f.%ni,'
THE ONLT FKEE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
TRIXEDA,
Thu Creatett Beauty on the Vanderill* £tar«.
MLLE. THELMA,
la New reset riast!<jue.
Tbe Famous DE MEIR SISTERS,
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
ADMISSION FREB.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. . !
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
JVEW WE«TER.>I MOTEL.
KEARNY ANL> WASHINGTON JJTb.— RE- :
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A ,
CO. European plan. Roomo. £0c to .1 10 day,
Uto Ji week: Ik lv CO month. Free bat hi; hot 1
and cold umiT every room: lire grates In every
roooi; elevator run* all night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY^ 21, 1900.
HOT WATER TO
THAW DYNAMITE
Fatal Explosion Occurs
at Cheyenne.
DENVER. Feb. 20.— A special to thi Re
publican from Cheyenne. Wyo., say*: A
fatal dynamite explosion occurred in the
t'nion Pacific gravel pits, thirty miles
west of Cheyenne, at noon to-day. The
dead ere:
JOHN BOULANGEZ, laborer, disem
bowel fd.
ROBERT PARKER, labcrcr. both legs
blown off: died shortly after explosJ.vn.
The injured: George Parfrcv. legs shat
tered, eku'il crushed, will die: Phil Forpan.
legs mangled and hack injured, may re
cover; James KOwards, neck badly lacer
ated, will probably recover. ' . • •
The live men were employed in the bl.iFt
lng of rock at the gravel pits, and whiie
thawing frozen dynamite with hot water
the explosion occurred. The laborers v.'ere
blown from th» pits and a considerable
dis=t3nce away trom the track. A numb* r
of ether men vho were at work sorno dis
tance away were knocked rensel^ss by
the concussion and slightly injured by fly
ing pieces of rock.
ihe accident was at once reported to
headquarters and surgeons sort from
Laramie to care for the Injured, who with
the dead were picked up in the meanlim«,
carried on board a spatial train and start
rd for Laramie. The railroad property
was damaped tut slightly.
Poundmaster Sued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 20.— A few months
ago 'the Supervisors passed, a pound ordi
nance to prevent stock from running, at
large and apolnted George Tobias pound
master. H. P. Eakle has brought suit for
the recovery of ten head of cattle,, dam-
, Madame Martin of the City of Paris mil-
linery department has Just returned from
Paris and New York with a complete Hue
of novelties In millinery. •
Quality Merits Reward.
The output of the Anbenster-Busch Bnswtn^
Association of St. Loul*. Mo., for 1130 was the
largest In the history of that great establish
ment. The fiscal reports of the Internal Rev
enue Department show a d«cr*as« of 912, KM
barrels In the consumption of be«r against the
preceding fiscal year, which may. In a meas
ure, be attributed to the war tax of SI.OO per
barrel Imposed on July 1. IS9S. The output of
the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Association be
ing the largest In the world, should nnturalty
have ihown the greatest loss; yet thair sales
for the fiscal year Just ended exceed those of
any previous year In the history of the asso
ciation.
Their sales of bottled beer alona have In
creased 10 4-10 per cent, which U conclusive
evidence that a good article finds a good mar
ket among an appreciative public. And tha:
"quality merits reward."
famous Italian-Swiss Agricultural Colony. Be
fore eelectlne the -land I Joined a committee
of the board of directors and we txamlned
o*er fifty different pieces of property, visit-
Ing all parts of the State from Los Angeles
en the south to Yolo County on the north, and
the committee finally unanimously decided to
make its purchayc four miles south of this
town. The remarkable success of the colony
und the well filled school now occupied by
children horn on the promises proves the place
to have been most favorable both as to the
production of the soil an-1 the raising cf fami
lies.
It swmi that the pure air of Cloverdale has
anctl'er virtue— that of producing hcrops. Two
years Ago I. had the honor of representing one
of the c.-mm^rcinl Indies of San Francisco
which Dror»nted to the First California Regi
ment at th»» I'rfsldlo n beautiful American
flag. The v*rson who received the emblem of
our country was Colonel Smith of Cloverdale.
He thanked us for the presentation to his regi
ment of that emblem of liberty and assured
us that he would defend the flag of our coun-
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 20.— Claverdule's
annual citrus fair opened auspicious
ly to-day. For an opening day there
was a fair attendance. The exhibit"?
have not all been placed, but there lb, a
goodly array of Sonoma's choicest fruits,
and when all the displays shall have brten
completed the exhibition will far surpass
any previous citrus fair in Sonoma
County.
This evening there were ceremonies
formally opening the fair. One of the
speakers was A. Sbarboro, who in the
course of his address said:
Old Sonoma county was one of the first set
tled by civilized people In this State. Since
the raising of the liear flag the county has
made steady progress, and to-day It Is the
banner county of the State for the produc
tion of wine, hops, hay, poultry- and other
pmductß.
About twenty years ago I organized the now
GOLDEN AGES OF LPERATURE
11. LITERATTJBE OF INDIA.
BY A. H. EDGREX, PH. D. ' *
(University of Nebraska.)
India, rich and sunny India, has tcr
ages been the tattle ground of raors an«l
the home of deep religious meditation^ and
literary activity.
It was once occupied entirely by that
dark-hued race which yet makes up the
bulk of Its population, especially In the
Bouth, where this race has even preserved
Its language. But about 4COO or 5000 years
ago— seme claim much earlier— a llsht
complexloned race penetrated Into the
peninsula from the north, gradually sub
duing and forcing ita language upon the
ancient Inhabitants. That language is yet
preserved in the early hymns sung t>j' the
Invaders when, occupying the river basin
of the Indus and In many later monuments
of a growing literature. Its «arly name,
possibly, was Aria, although this Is not
certain. But when one of its dialects,
coming to be the recognized idiom of the
higher classes and the vehicle of literary
composition, was brought under deili.ke
rules that idiom was called Sanskrit (sara-
Fkritft. perfect, holy) as distinguished
from the other so-called Prakrit dialects
(prakrita, common). It continued to be
the living Langi'age for many centuries,
until finally it was superseded by popular
j dialects. But It has never yielded its «r*vay
j as the language of learned intercourse in
India, being yet used as such.
j Sanskrit le of especial Interest to us for
j three reasons. In the first place it belongs
to that large family of languages, ordinar
ily called the Aryan or Indo-European,
which is spoken from India through al
most entire Persia, Armenia, Europe and
America, being thus akin to our own. in
the second place, representing by fat the
earliest phase of any Aryan dialect, it re
veals on the whole more"'fa!thfillly than
any of them that early growth of the Ar
yan language by composition and internal
j change which has later been gradually
obscured and obliterated, not, indeed, by
| a process of decay, as some prefer to call
It. but by a process of fusion ever tend
ing to centered strength and simplicity.
Aside from its linguistic interest, the
transparency of Sanskrit, by revealing to
a large extent the metaphors hidden with
in the comportite forms of the language,
also lends a peculiar picturesquenese to Its
poetic expressions. In the third plaoo.
Sanskrit contains an abundant literature
of varied historical, philosophical an i
esthetical interest.
The Rig-Veda ("Hymn- Veda," "Sac-e.I
Book of Hymns") is the oldest llurary
monument of Sanskrit and of the Aryan
speaking nations. It is a collection of
about a thousand hymns and lyrics som
• posed during centuries and handed Jov.n
; by faithful tradition from the time tht
j Aryans stood on the threshold of India
: to the time they were collected into the
i hymn material we now possess. These
hymns, invoking the gods, extolling heroic
deeds and contemplating the mysteries at
existence, though rarely of a higher order,
are in part .full of life and charming ly
their naive and objective simplicity, but
also in part utterly trivial and uninterest
ing. They show the invaders to have been
a vigorous semi-barbaric people, loving
life and Ita enjoyments, but also imbued
with those deeply religious tendencies
, which later took such a prodigious devel
opment, leading to the loftiest specula
tions on the' one hand and to the most
degrading superstitions on the other.
Their religious conceptions were based on
nature worshipl Struck with wonder anJ
awe by the mysterious phenomena of na
ture, they conceived behind them llvin?
powers, which, being personified, became
their gods.
The beaming sun (Surya, akin to T-atln
Sol) was Joyfully hailed by the slngor
(i, CO-42):
The mornlnft rays already brlns
The mUhty Surya, heaven's god.
For every being to behold.
And 1«! the stars up yonder steal
Like thieves away, and hide their beams
Before the luna all-searching eye.
The same prosperity us grant.
Thou wise and wonder-working god.
That once thou didst our fathers grant!
Help ua to conquer our foes.
Make smooth and easy our path.
Life-bringerl grant us vital strength!
The rosy dawn (Ush-as-Aur-ora) was
affectionately invoked:
Thy path is beautiful above the mountains.
Thy glow through clouds suffusing all the sky.
Bring, heavenly daughter, mighty Dawn, en
throned
In the broad east, us nourishment abundant.
O Dawn, approaching with thy seeds tri
umphant.
Bring us the riches that we do desire.
In early morn, already, heavenly daughter,
Thou comest richly laden like a goddess.
But more than anything the peal and
flash of thunder stirred the soul of the
beholder. That was the mighty Indra
(the cloud-compelling Zeus of the Greeks,
the Thor of the Scandinavian.^ crushing
with hissing bolts the cloud demoft and
his dark cloud cavern, thus compelling
the downpour of abundant showers, and
drinking strength for his deeds out of the
exhilarating soma juice prepared by the
invoker (11, 32):
Now will I praise the heroic deeds of Indra.
The deeds that once the lightning-armed ac
complished.
He slew the dragon, set the waters flowing
And burst the caverns of the clouds asunder.
With hissing bolts, by Tvashtar fashioned for
him.
He slew the dragon stretched upon the cloud
banks;
And suddenly, like lowing klne, the torrents
Poured gushing down into the mighty ocean.
And eager like a bull he sought the soma
And quaffed three pallfuls of its ft>ry juices.
Then grasped the mighty god again his weapon
And slew the brood, the firstborn of the
dragon.
To propitiate the gods the singing of
these hymns was early accompanied by
simple sacrificial ceremonies. which
gradually became ever more complicated.
And around them grew up a priestly
caste, the Brnhmans (originally brahman,
"performer of the prayer," from brah
man, "prayer"), whose influence deeply
affected the destinies of India:
Such were the beginnings of the Brah
manical religion. More than a thousand
years of speculation, expressed In numer
ous theological and philosophical works,
are included in the Brahmanic literature,
gradually evolving out of early polythe
ism the conception of one universal
power, finally merging Into pantheism.
The germs of a uniting conception may be
traced already in some of the Vedic
hymns. But it found full expression only
in much later workH. especially In the so
called Upanishads ("Teachings.") To the
speculative Hindu the material world was
then but an emanation of the spiritual. It
had come from the Supreme Soul (At
man) "as the wave of the river from its
source." "as the spark from the flame."
and it was destined once to return unto
it. Man when cleansed from the slime of
Ignorance was to be reunited with the
Eternal Soul. Until then he was con
stantly reborn Into the material world to
begin a new existence varying. from the
very lowest to the highest.
Except in their coarsest form these uni
tary conceptions never reached the
masses. To them the gods with various
substitutes and metamorphoses continued
to exist, while even in ordinary literature
they kept their place without reference to
the exact belief of the author.
The ripened Hindu philosophy found a
beautiful expression in the Bhagavad-
Glta ("The Lord's Lay," rendered Into
prose by Chatterjl: Houghton, Mifflln A
Co.. 1892). This work occupies a high
place among the Branmanic scriptures,
and has been a great influence upon the
spiritual life of the Hindus. It represents
the teachings of God Incarnate to a hu
man prince. The object of life, he says,
is the attainment of true knowledge,
which is a beatific vision of the Supreme
Being. Having known even Him. man
attains to deathlessness. There Is no other
way (Cf. the Scriptures, "And this Is life
eternal, that they might -know Thee, the
only true God," etc.) Those who do not
gain such knowledge remain fettered to
material existence by repeated births and
deaths. But who. then, is He, that Su-
Common whfoky is a curse— the Old
Government Is a blessing. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Feb. 21.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. We. any part.
I A REMARKABLE BILL OF ALL 600 D THINGS
i KATHKYN OSTEKMAX AND COMPANY.
HAKKIS & FIEI-DS: DE WITT & BURNS;
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS; CUSHMAN.
HOLOOMBE & CURTIK; MONROE & MACK;
DEETS * DON: BOMALO BROTHERS;
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Special Matinee To-Mcrrow, Thursday,
Wash n£to-'ss Birthday.
Tickets Now on Sale.
GRAND OPERMOUSE
. TELEPHONE MAIN IS2.
CROWDED EVERY NIGHT.
...HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY...
Immense Success of the Third Edition of
DON'T MISS THE IRI3H CAKEWALK.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orcheftra at Thurs-
day and Saturday Matinee, 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINQ:
MAJOR MITE: LILLIAN VO., TILSE: the
BLACK BARTONS: OUHANA: PAUL LA
CROIX: GEORGE BYRD and * MOVING
PICTURES.
TO-NIGHT—
(INSTEAD OF THURSDAY.)
The Amateurs' Garden Party!
TO MO2ROW, Washhgton's Birthday,
Balloon Asc:irhn in the Afterncoa.
Fireworks zt Ni^ht. '^
Phone for Peats PARK a
WESTERN TLRF ASSOCIATION.
¦ ; TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. 12 to 24, Inclusive
Six hicl>-c)ags running races every w«wk
day. rain or shine, hr-glnnlug at 1:20 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. I'a-
trui c Ftep directly from the railroad cam Inta
a eu peril grant! rtand, Klass-enclosed, where,
comfortably hotitert In bad weather, they caa
enjey on unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
• ;G0 10:49 and il 10 a. vi., and 12:15. 12.Z3, lt; o \t
and I:2S p. ni., returning Immediately alter
Intt race at 4:41, p. m. Beats In rear can re-
ecrved for women and tbelr escorts. No emok-
jnc- Valencia atreet, 10 minutes Jater.
tian Jose and Way Stations— Arriv* at San
Uruna at 12:43 p. ni. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:43 p. m.
HATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admtsrlon t > track. 1 1.23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. 11. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.' : |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF PRICE.
I am closing out my stock of
these Belts at the very liberal re-
duction of HALF PRICE.
These are the genuine, original,
patented Sandtn Belts, \vi:h a 30-
years' reputation as the greatest
remedy in the world for all pains
and weakness of man and woman.
Call and examine and lest these
Belts, or write for the free book,
"Thre^ Casses of M;n," mailed
free*.
DR. S. S. HALL,
LION DPtUC CO.,
Cor. Market and Stockton Sts., San Francisco
e«^^^"^^^*at.^
£visi~. OR- JORDAN'S great j
?HBSEUN OF AHATOBYJ
9 Q> W-lifi2£:TSl-.iJet.6ii:ti,S.F.CU.'i
\ SJ The I - ar ? r ». t Anatomical Museum in the \
0 **!&>*%. World We«koer>.e» or my c. nirJcird M
Zl R= i§?i 5 «« P-><««*«-ly cured hy ihc old; S t V
6 fl*K* 8 D - iIOR&AN-WHVATE DISEASES 4
1 r<SSi3)n _<-O'--a | "" < 'l"--> 'r-e snd itrirtly private \
a v JWti fi ' " l:illcnl txrjnnaliy cr by l»ttcr \ m
\8 W 11 H l "°* " m Curtta e*«>ea»eunderl*keii. V
uFll WS 1 W "tefor n-ifcl.. FHn.OHUriV at A
V¦ (J ,1 • M»nniflci:, mailed freb. «at
h (i fj, valuable bock for mm/ \
9 On. JOUIJAN A «:«>.. tt.ll Market St., B. F. f
RPTTQUPTQ FOU DAUBERS. BAK-
DK U UflliO ««, bootblacks, batb-
hnuKos. billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, eandy-mals#r». canner*,
dyeru. flour mills, foundries, laundries, pap*r-
h.injrers, printer*, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, t&r-roof«rs, tanners, tailors, etc.
KUCHA* \1 BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
ft IFT Pi Oil It I. c °™*r Fourth and
CAFE BOyALefctfss
••"¦¦ IIWII '« fie. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
I the popular cure for .
IRRITATED THROATS.
Fac-Slmlle sJ f /y? ,/, on every
7CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— A1l the strength which
characterized the close in wheat yesterday had
disappeared before the opening of regular trad
ing to-day. Early cables were a disappoint
ment, showing but a slight response at the
opening to the advance here yesterday and
even this soon disappeared. Besides this the
cash demand was exceedingly light. Shortly
after the opening a realizing movement de
veloped and Belling pressure from this source
was soon increased by weakness in corn, the
result being a material decline from yester
day's closing figures. The liquidating move
ment was of short duration and the demand
not improving trading became dull almost to
stagnation, remaining so almost to the close,
with prices In narrow range. Some improve
ment in tone was creafWl by the decrease In
the world's visible supply where an increase
was expected by most traders, but no really
important buying followed the posting of the
figures. The Southwest reported a good cash
demand, with farmers hauling to market on a
large scale.. May wheat opened at 68%e. a de
cline of %@»4c. sold at 68% c declined to
67%Q67;4c and closed %@%c lower at 68c.
There -was a broad and active market for
corn, prices changing rapidly, though trade was
not wide. On a decline a good speculative de
mand developed and ultimately part of the
decline was recovered, the market closing
fairly steady after showing considerable ner
vousness at times. May closed %(fi H-c lower
at 35% c. *
Oats were dull and weak. Independent feat
ures were lacking, the market ruling fraction
ally lower all day. May closed HSVic lower
at 23% c. . ' .
A fairly good trade was done in provisions.
Early In the day prices declined somewhat In
sympathy with lower yard prices for ho^s and
liberal receipts, pork especially showing weak
ness under short selling. . Later in the session
the Improved tone In corn helped . provisions
and prices recovered the early loss. May pork
closed a shade lower. May lard unchanged and
May ribs 2%c higher. ¦
The leading future ranged a« follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. S— ..
February ..... 66y.
May 68% 68% ' 67% 68
July 68% 6ST» - 68H 68H
Corn No. 2— • . . -
February .... .... .... 33V4
May 35% 35% 35 33^
July 35T, JST4 SSX 35%
Oats No. 2— . .. -...-.
May :.... 23% 26% 23% 23%
July-.. 22% 22% 22H 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel— •
May 10 90 11 01% JO 90 11 00
July 10 92% 11 02% 10 92% 110214
Lard, per 100 pounds— -
May <05 - « 07% . 6 02% t 6 05
July 6 12% 6 17% 6 12% 6 17%
Short Ribs, pera 100 pounds —
May 6 00 6 05 6 00 6 05 V
July 6 00 6 05 6 00 6 05
Cash quotations ' were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 8 spring wheat,- 64@68c;, N0. 2 red.
70i§71c; No. 2 jcorn. 34c; No. 2 oats, 23Vt@23%c;
No. 2 white, 25%@26c;N0.-3 white, 26@26c; No.
2 barley, 26044 c; No. . 1 flaxseed, $1 60; , Prime
timothy seed, $2 4002 45; mess pork, per barrel,
,$9 90@10 S3; lard, per 100 'pounds. ; X 871435 95:
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — Speculative opinion
ehowed itself to-day rather unsettled and
doubtful as reflected by the operations of pro
fessional traders. The news of the day so
fas as It affected values of securities was all
favorable, but It failed to attract any de
mand for stocks from the general public. This
Induced a rplrlt cf caution among professional
operators about taking on large lines of stocks
In view of the doubtful market afforded for
realizii:fc. The bears were Inclined to make
c.vertutes. encouraged by this doubtful spirit.
Hut while they eucce«^Jed In forcing large de
clines in a few special stocks they failed to
Induce any general liquidation. The under
tone of the market was distinctly firm and the
opening gains which were pretty generally
wiped out mere largely recovered again In the
final dealings. London was disposed to buy
stocks here and while the volume of the buy
ing was not Important the tendency was con
sidered to be so in view of the condition of
the exchange market and the approaching loan
for war purposes to be placed by the Hrltlxh
Government. The tendency of railroad *tock»
Tran upward at the start and there wa« special
strength where reports showed a. high level
of earnings. Southern Railway was the most
notable addition to-day to the large gains for
the second week In February, Its Increase over
last year's similar period being no less than
45 per cent. The Southern group generally
ehowed the benefit of this Increase. La»t
week's east-bound shipment* from Chicago
eclipsed all previous records and stlmulotel
the railway stocks generally. The annual re
port of the Delaware, Lackawanna and West
ern gave an impetus to the anthracite group.
In which Reading first preferred led, Laika
wanna itself yielding on realizing. The n«t
rwsult of the year's operations for this roaa
was a surplus after dividends of J1. 607,171
sgalnst a denclt last year of 1&05.73 C. This re
sult was achieved In spite of the large de
crease in gross earnings (no less than half
of which is due to the decline In ths returns
for transportation of coal) by a cutting down
of the cost of confluctlng transportation of
over $2,000,000. And In the miscellaneous in
come the earnings from the coal departmtnt
were increased some $2,630,266. The weakness
of Third Avenue, which fell an extreme €%
<ex-d!\ldend). and of People's Gas, which lo»t
1%, were the unsettling Influences In the
market. The late strength in the coalers and
a sudden rli-e of 2% per cent In St. Louis and
Southwestern preferred Induced the late re
covery In prices, which reached the best-,
many cases. The call money continued easy,
but the r»t« of absorption of funds by the
rub-treasury, which has reached $2,357,000 since
last Friday, and the continued downward
course of New York exchange at Interior points
caused continued uneasiness over the money
filiation. Sterling exchange eased off a frac
tion la ruponee to a slightly culer ton* 'lor
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
There was a fair business In loca,l securities
In the I morning. Spring Valley Water was
lower at $58097 62% and Giant Powder at
$91 50090 50. Gas St Electric was firmer at
$51051 25.
In the afternoon there was a further decline
In Spring Valley Water at $37 60097. and in
Giant Powder at $90. Other stocKs were un
changed.
The oil stocks stood about the same.
The Los Angeles Oil and Transportation
Company has declared the regular monthly
dividend of 25 cents per share, payable now.
The Buckhorn Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 5 cents, payable on the 26th.
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
California Powder. $1: Central Light and
Power. 5 cents: Hutchinson Sugar Plantation.
25 cents: Spring Valley Water. 42 cents; Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association. 60 cents.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the California Powder Company has been post
poned to March 19.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. 114 .—. —
4s quar reg.... — 114%
4s quar new... — 136
3s quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 —
C C Wat 55....10« —
Ed L & P 65. .129 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 5%5..105 110
H C & S 55. ...106% —
L A Ry 5s 105 106
L A LCo 55.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.. — 103
L A & P R 55. 103 . —
Market-st 65... — —
Do Ist m 55.. 118 —
NCN G R 78.106 —
N R of Cal 6s. 113% —
NR of Cal 58.113 —
N P C R R 65. 102 —
N P C R R 5s. lM 106%
N C R R 55. ..109 —
Oak GL&H ss.Hl —
Oak Tran 65... — 113%
Oak WCo 55.. 103 — .
Oceanic SS C0.105%106
Om C Ry 65... — 125%
P & Cl Ry 65. .104% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65.H9% —
Sac LG&RSs 83 —
3 F & 5JV55..116% —
5 Ry of Cal 6s. — 109
S P of A 65. ..110% —
S P C 65(1905).109% —
S P C 65(1906).112 113
SP C 65(1912). — — '
SP C Ist Cgss. — —
BPBr 6s 126 —
S V Wat 6s 116 ' —
S V Wat 45....103%104Vi
SV W 45(3dm)103 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 74 75
Marin County. 60 —
Spring Valley. 96T4 9.U
Gas & Electric-
Cent Gaslight. — —
Cent L & P... — ?%
EquitGLCO.. 4 4%
Mutual El Co. — 13
OGL &. H.... 45 47
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 52
Pac Light Co. 44 45
S F G & E.... 50% 51%
San Francisco. 4% 5
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund. 22B —
Bank Stocks —
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68% —
Bank of Ca1. ..403 —
Cal S D & T.. 98 —
First Natlonal.2so 305
Lon P& A 133 —
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — —
Savings Banks —
Ger S *. L....1750 1825
Hum S & L... — —
Mut Say 8k... 45 —
S F Say U 503 —
Say & L 50.... 74 73
Sec Say Bk — —
Union TCo — —
. Street Railroads-
California 117%119
Geary-Bt 50 —
Market-st Ry.. 61% 62%
O S L & H.... — 50
Presidio 13 —
Powder Stocks —
California 150 170
Giant Con Co. 89% 90
Vlgorlt 1% 2%
Sugar Stocks —
Hana H P Co. 8% 8%
Haw C&SCO 83 54%
Honokaa S Co. 28% 29%
Hutch S P Co. 25% 28
Kilauea S Co.. — 20
Makawell SCo 45 45%
Onomea & Co. . 25% 28%
Paauhau S Co. 25% 26
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.llS%ll9%
Cal Fruit Ass. 100 105
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. — 9S
Pae A F A.... 3 —
Pac C Bor C 0.144 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board— '
20 Equitable Gas 4 37%
25 Equitable Gas 4 25
10 Giant Powder Con 91 50
25 Giant Powder Con 9125
25 Giant Powder Con 91 00
20 Giant Powder Con 90 50
220 Hana Plantation Co 8 37%
100 Makaweli • • 4-> 00
120 Market-street Ry 62 00
$7000 Market-st Ry Ist con 6p c bonds.. llS 00
10 S F Gaslight 4 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 25
35 S V Water 98 00
100 S V Water, s 30 97 75
50 S V Water, s 30 97 62%
$1000 S V 4 per cent bds (2d mtge) 104 00
Street— ¦¦ '
10 Market-street Ry 62 00
Afternoon Session.
5 Alaska Packers" Association 119 25
100 Alaska Packers' Association 119 oo
10 Cal Safe Deposit 98 50
65 Giant Powder Con 90 00
150 Hana Plantation Co $ 25
15 Paauhau S P Co 25 73
40 S F Gas 4 Elcctrle Co 51 00
$1000 S F &-S J V bonds.. in 75
60S V Water 9750
35 S V Water 97 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning . Session.
Board— .
60 Blue Goose 23 05
25 Caribou 90
50 Caribou «;
600 Home Oil j gs
Street—
100 Caribou, b 30 95
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Home Oil -...• X (S
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Eoard— • *
25 Caribou "..-; ###>> 55
400 Anaconda **
Afternoon Session. '
Board—
100 Anaconda ..........#.... tn
100 Yukon I***** t s},
MINING . STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco. Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
10OMexI«»n 22 100 Savage .: 11
?2° S phlr • X ¦ wo Slerr * Nevada. 2«
ICO Overman ....... 10 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Potosi ..:.'. 2« 300 Utah 09
Afternoon ' Session.
800 Alta Oil 100 Caledonia ......: U
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO ATUirVE.
Steamer Movements.
London discount and the buying of stocks here
for London account. In this connection It is
notable that the exports from New York of
general merchandise for the week Just past
reached t>he highest level since January 1.
amounting to $14,521,568. as against $9,641,143 in
the preceding week and $10,820,178 In the cor
responding period of last year.
Railroad bonds were In good demand at ad
vancing prices. Sales. $1,770,000.
United States new 4s and 6s advanced ";'*.
in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. . Bid.
3.200 Atchison 20%
6,675 Atchlson preferred 63%
».200 Baltimore & Ohio 62&»
100 Canadian Pacific SS%
Canada Southern 47
1,580 Chesapeake & Ohio 2»%
933 Chicago Great Western 13T»
3.210 Chicago, Burlington & Q, ex-div....123%
1,650 Chicago. Indianapolis & St. Louis.. IS%
£00 Chicago, Ind. & St. Louis prefd 61
Chicago and East Illinois ?2%
Chicago & Northwestern 161
1,010 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... lOSfi
200 C, C, C. & St. Louis 60%
300 Colorado Southern s&i
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43>«
600 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15%
100 Delaware & Hudson 115%
2,910 Del., Lack. & Western 183%
300 Denver &. Rio Grande : 19%
1010 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72%
JlO Erie 12%
1.545 Erie Ist prefd 37%
Great Northern prefd 157
250 Hocking Coal 16
600 Hocking Valey 34%
100 Illinois Central 113%
1.650 lowa Central 13%
100 lowa Central prefd 61
Kansas City. Pitts. & Gulf 12%
Lake Erie &. Western 21
Lake Erie & Western prefd 83Vi
Lake Shore 194
6.105 Louisville & Nashville S2 l *
1.360 Manhattan L 97%
1,823 Metropolitan Street Railway 178% j
72» Mexican Central 12
200 Mtnnear>olls & St. Louis 62H
Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd 92%
1.000 Missouri Pacific 46%
100 Mobile & Ohio 42
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 10%
300 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 32%
400 New Jersey Central 117%
659 New York Central 133%
24.642 Norfolk & Western 31
350 Norfolk & Western Drefd 73%
1.350 Northern Pacific 53%
380 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
26,230 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nay. prefd 76
2.352 Pennsylvania 134%
6.400 Reading 18%
14.600 Reading Ist prefd £«%
2,3 M Reading 2nd prefd 28%
200 Rio Grande Western 43
Rio Grande Western crefd 87%
100 St. Louis & San Francisco 10%
St. Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 68
100 St. Louis A San Francisco 2d prefd. 35%
8,250 St. Louis Southwestern 12%
7.C25 St. Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
4,150 St. Paul 123%
100 St. Paul prefd 171%
St. Paul & Omaha 115
3,300 Southern Pacific 39
ISO Southern Railway 12
1.000 Southern Railway prefd 57
400 Texas & Pacific 16%
6.555 Union Pacific 50%
1.430 Union Pacific prefd 76%
Wabanh 6%
100 Wabash prefed 21
S3O Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
120 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27%
Wisconsin Central 15%
Epress Companies —
Adams 115
American 146
United States 46
Weils Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil 33%
100 American cotton Oil prefd 94
100 American Malting 5%
600 American Malting prefd 25
$12 American Smelting & Ref 40%
American Smelting & Ref prefd 90
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 11
?10 American Steel Hoop 46%
125 American Steel Hoop prefd S4Vi
12.650 American Steel & Wire 5R%
1,230 American Steel & Wire prefd 93%
100 American Tin Plate 34%
American Tin Plate prefd K2
13,810 American Tobacco 109%
American Tobacco prefd 135
660 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
4,910 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 13%
700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
2.760 Continental Tobacco 3314
2.010 Continental Tobacco prefd 85%
5.C35 Federal Steel 5514
325 Federal Steel prefd 74%
400 General Electric 127%
300 Glucose Sugar 53%
Glucose Sugar prefd 100V4
200 International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 68
Laclede Gas 76
National Biscuit 37
National Biscuit prefd 92%
300 National Lead 24%
160 National I>ad prefd ioj'
1,225 National Steel 4g%
National Steel prefd 951^
600 New York Air Brake 125'
700 North American 141^
Pacific Coast gqu
Pacific Coast Ist prefd gj'
Pacific Coast 2d prefd (su,
2,675 Pacific Mall 37
6,660 People's Gas 102%
Pressed Steel Car "" 551.?
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd ."." f,6%
Pullman Palace Car '157 •
900 Standard Rope & Twine 71Z
20,436 Sugar "112%
•.. Sugar prefd 112
2,325 Tennessee Coal & Iron "100
6,055 United Staten Leather " jgii
415 United States Leather prefd.. " 75V
220 United States Rubber " 33J
... United States Rubber prefd '...' 95
300 Western Union ' ciy
1,300 Republic Iron & Steel .""" 24U
Republic Iron & Steel prefd '"' 68Vt
p c c & st Louis :. .;;;; ?l*
340,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s reg 103
U S 3s reg 109»i
U S 3s coup .108%
U B'new 4j reg 134%
U S new 4s coup.. 134%
U S old 4s reg 115\i
U S old 4s ooup 115U
U S 5s reg .113%
U S 5s coup IUVi
Dls of Col 3.65* 118
Atchlson Ren 45. ...100%
Do ad) 4s 82^
Canada Sou 2d5....109%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 98%
Do 6s 119%
C &' N Con 7s 141»4
Do S F Deb 58..120
Chic Term 4s 92%
D & R G lsts 103';
Do 4s 98U
EIV4O 15t5. ...101%
Erie Gen 4s 71
F W Ar D C lsts.. 71U
Gen Elec 5s ..lit
G H A S A 6s 107
Do 2d« 107
H A: T Cent 5s 110
Don Con 6e 110
lowa Cent lsts HI
X C P i G lsts... 72%
La new «on 4s 106%
L & N Uni 4s Mi
M X & T 2d» 65«4
Do 4s 91
N V Cent lsts 109%
N J Cent gen 65....J23u
N Carolina 6s 127 "
Do 4s 10$
Northern Pac 35... 67
Do 4s 103U
N YC 4 S L 45....108%
N A W con 4s 94%.
Do gen 6s 130
Or Nay lsts no
Do 4s 101%
Or Short Line 65..127"»
Do con 5s liju
Reading Gen 45..:. 85
R G W lsts 97
S L & I M Con 65. .111%
SLASF Gen 65.. 120
St Paul Con 167U
jSt P C & P 15t5.. 119%
Do 5« 120>,;
Southern Ry r.s 107*4
(Stand R & T 65... 784
JTenn new net 3s 95
Tex & Pac lsts 113\i
Do 2ds 521 a
Union Pac 4s 104%
Wabash lsts U6T4
Do 2<Js 9su
West Shore 4s 113^
Wlb Cent lsts 91
Va Centuries 86
Do Deferred 5
Colo Sc Sou 4s 83
'Southern Pac 45.... 83%
MINING STOCKS
Chollar 15
Crown P0int.....;.) OS
Con Cal i.Va 1 40
Deadwood 50
Gould &. Curry , 12
Hale & Norcross.. 25
Homestake ...... '..50 00
Iron 5i1ver.......... €5
Mexican 20
i Ontario % 25
Ophlr to
1 Plymouth \k
1 Quicksilver 1 TS
¦ Do prefd 760
Sierra Nevada 33
Standard 1 65
¦ Union Con 20
1 'Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—
Call loans 3%<GT4%
lime loans <\%%
West End ..I VT.k
West Elec 43
Wls Cen 15%
Sun, Moon and Tide.
washed. . 12@14c for good washed: 15c nominal
for good to prime washed peaberry; He nominal
for good to- prime peaberry: 12c nominal for
good to prime; 8010 c nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; 8%@9%e nominal for
fair; 7 Tic nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— lo%©l4c for good to prime washed:
9%89%c for fair washed; IVBI2C for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9%©10% c for good to
prime semi-washed: 9%©10 c for superior un
washed; 9U09%c for good green unwashed:
10% c nominal for good to prime unwashed pea
berry; 6@7%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— l4ol6%c for prime to fancy
wanhed; -9%©11c for fair to sood washed: 9&
9%c nominal for good to superior unwashed:
10@10%c nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l4®l7%c for prime
to fancy washed; 12013% c for strictly good
washed; lO»i011%c for good washed: 9%©10% c
for fair waahed; B%o9^ic for medium: 60-Sc for
Inferior to ordinary: 11013 c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10©10% c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 909% c nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 28©30 c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 26027 c: Sole Leather, light.
26027 c: Rough Leather, heavy. 27028 c: Rough
Leather, light. 25026 c: Harness Leather, heavy.
32'(i33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30032 c: Har
ness Leather, light. 29«30c; Collar Leather, W$
16c per foot: Kip. finished. 40®50c per lb: Veal,
finished. 60055 c; Calf, finished, 75c05l 20: sides,
finished, 16017 c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 140
16c: Rough Splits, 8010 c per !b. .
OlL— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1.10; Linseed Oil.. In barrels, boiled,
68c: raw, 6«c; cases. 5c more; Lard OH, extra
winter strained, barrels: 59c; No. 1. 43c; cases.
5c more; China Nut. 61*J«5c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels. 60c; cases. «sc; Sperm,
pure. 60c; Whale Oil. natural white. 32% c;
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 2501 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $3
02 25 ver gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 14c; Pearl Oil In
cases, 20c; Astral. 20c: Star, 20c; Extra Star
Oil, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c; Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do, cases. 22c: Benzine.
In bulk, 15% c; do, cases, 21% c; 86-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric. Light Candles— lB ox.,
ll%c per set; 14 oz., 10% c; 12 oz.. »%c; 10 oz..
B%c; twelves. 12 oz. (hotel), lOVic. Granite
Mining Candles— l 9 oz.. 12012>4c per set: 14 or.
11011V;c: 12 oz.. 10% c; 1% oz.. 9%c; twelves. 12
oz. (hotel), 10%e. Parafflne Wax Candles— Ones.
14 oz., white, 12' ic per set; twos, 14 oz.. white,
12'ic; fours. 14 .ox., white. 12% c; sixes, 14 oz..
white. 12Vic: twelves, 14 oz.. white. 12% c;
colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge. 7Vi<JT%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 76c; In Iron barrels.
70c; In wooden barrel*. 73c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 63c; raw. barrels.
61c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— ISI 50 per flask for local use
and $46 W1047 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. B%e; Pow
dered. 5%c: Candy Granulated, sV£c: Dry Gran
ulated, 5K,c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Magnolia.
A. 4%c; Extra C, 4Hc: Golden C. 4%e: barrels.
l-16c more; half-barrels, Vie more; boxes. %c
more: 50-lb bags, %c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
noes, half-barrels, ST4C; boxes, 6%c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16017; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood. $17!fl8 for No. 1 and $15016 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 2002 30: Pickets, $15; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. $21027.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 20
Flour, qr sks 1,400
Wheat, ctls 1.380
Barley, ctls 2.110
Rye, ctls 400
Butter, ctls 263
Cheese, ctls 46
Beans, sks 500
Potatoes, sks 4.156
Onions, sks 300
Shorts, sks S3S
Bran, sks 190
Straw, tons 24
Hay. tons 268
Pelts, bdls 270
Hides, No 197
Eggs, doz 14,250
Leather, rolls — 37
Wine, gals 29,000
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 411!
Boston Wool Market.
Charters.
The Bert'.e Minor loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu ; Gler.aJvon. lumber at Chemalnus
for Cork. 80c; Highland light, coal at Nanalmo
lor Lahaina: Manauensc. cwl\ at Nanaimo Tor
Mahukona; Sncw and Burgess, lumber at Port
Jilakeley for Pelagoa P.ay. CSs.
The Reliance is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 41* 3d, an advance.
Our Foreign Trade.
During the month of January the value of the
Imports of merchandise Into »he United States
was tT5.526.675 and the value of the exports dur
ing the mnr.th $117.e:n.950. showing an excess of
exports of $41.753.955. For the seven months end
lr.g January the value of the imports of mer
chandise was $4*6.402.905 and that of exports
fSOO.ISI.OSS. the value of the excess of exports
being t313.7:«,153. The excess of exports of gold
for the month was »3.703.015. while for the seven
months the excess of imports was 15.415.242.
The excess of exports of silver for the month
v u $2,4€5.&64 and for the seven months $12.4u3.
«3S. The vaJue of the excess of exports of mer
chandise over that of Imports for the eeven
months ending January 31, UM, and the fiv«
years following was: $33,995,299. $46 245.252;
*231,£95,110; $377,750,877; $352.652,754; $313,.:5.153.
Dried Fruit in Nra> York.
The New York Commercial says:
"Prunes are unchanged, but the aggregate
cf what has been called dull trade has been
quite satisfactory- *>"° buyer takes large lots.
all take a few. the result being that business
has progressed better than appearances indi
cated from day to day. The supply In all po
rltions is supposed to be moderate, but amply
sufifeient to till all requirements. No export
demand is noted, but that is expected later.
Everything in this market is firmly held and
the general tendency is upward rather than
downward.
•Raisins are quiet, attractlr.* very little at
tention from any one. The feeling In the trade
is one of confidence, however, and there are in
dications that everything available will be ex
hausted long before the new crop is ready to
harvest. Seeders are showing comparatively
Jittle Interest, but are keeping the situation
veil in hand and will buy where they can get
eurplies to best advantage.
••Peaches sre unchanged, but the buying sea
t-m is approaching and the trade anticipates
actiw movement. The general conditions are
quite satisfactory and all supplies are held up
to Quotations, with confidence that buyers will
bave to pay the price asked. The supply in
fir«t hands is known to be closely controlled
and holders are said to be in position to exact
the last fraction in making sales.
"'Apricots are steady, but trade Is largely of
a retail character and confined to such orders
&s are needed to cover present consumptive
requirement*."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 20—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dare as compared with those of 6ame date last
t*o£on and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Lact
Stations — 24 hours, eeaeon. season.
F.ureka. 170 37.14 18.77
lied Bluff 0.6« 16.21 13.13
fsicramento 0.1« 18.fc9 7.65
t=a.n Francisco 0.50 15.09 7.77
Fresno 0.02 6.20 3.«
Independence 0.00 2.12 1.15
Pan Luis Obiepo 0.00 12.57 7.15
Lrs Angeles 0.00 4.E7 2.56
j;»r. Diego 0.00 2.64 3.7S
Yuma - 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Franclscft data: Maximum temperature,
!>. minimum, < c ; mean. 12.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The pressure has risen rapidly during the past
twenty-four hours over the Pacific Coast. Not
withstanding this rise there are indications of
the develnrmer.t of an area of low pressure
over Washington and Vancouver Island.
Rain hae fallen generally over the Pacific
Slope north of the Tehachapl. A rainfall of
1.42 Inches te reported at Eureka.. A maximum
wind velocity of twenty miles per hour from
the west is reported at San Luis Oblspo, and
thirty miles per hour from the west at Poca
tello.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 21, 1S00:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
•weather Wednesday, with rain In central and
northern portions: fresh southeast winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
westerly, shifting to southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday, with rain In
northern portion.
T_'ta.h and Arizona — Cloudy Wednesday
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
¦weather Wednesday, with showers; brisk
southerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat lower and freights higher.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Bran steady and Hay weak.
Beans and Seeds very dull.
Potatoes and Onions zvcak.
A further decline in Butter and Eggs. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry in good demand and higher. Game dull and zvcak.
Citrus ¦ fruits plentiful and unchanged.
Dried fruits dull and nominal.
Nothing nezc in Provisions.
Hides zvcak and quiet. Wool and Hops nominal.
Hogs scarce and firm. Beef and Mutton in moderate supply.
No change in Oils. '
Stocks—
A T & S F V>%
do prefd ."...: 63%
Am Sugar 112%
do prefd 112
Rell Tel 325
U & A 235
Bost Elevated 120
Bost & Maine 1?9
:i)&Q 123%
Dom Coal 41%
do prefd 117
Fed Steel 65%
do prefd 74V«
Pltchburg prefd 125
l?en Electric 12S
Mexican Cent 12^-i
N E Gas & Coke .. 19
Old Colony 205%
Old Dom 19%
Union Pacific so'?i
Bonds—
Atchison 4s W
N E Gas & Coke .. 72
Mining Shares—
\dventure '.. 6 .
Ailouez Mln Co .... 2%
Amal Copper - 94
Atlantic 22
Bost & Mont ......275
Butte & Bost .....; 65
Cal & Hecla .......769
Centennial 18
Franklin 15
Osceola 75
Parrot 1«%
Qulncy i 140
Santa Fe Copper 5%
Tamarack 132
I'tah Mining 31
Winona 3
Wolverines 41
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— Money on call easy at
202% per cent; last loan offered at 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 405 per cent. Ster
ling exchange easier at $4 S7HO4 87% for de
mand and at $4 84®4 84% for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 85 and $4 88%. Commercial bills,
}4 53V104 S3»i. Silver certificates, 69%@60y t c.
Bar silver. 69% c. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Gov
ernment bonds, strong; State bonds. Inactive;
railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— T0-day's stateement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $295,332,212; gold reserve,
$223,500,450.
*
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were very slack to-day be
cause of the end of the account, but the tone
was distinctly cheerful and the close was at the
best, although the news of General Buller's oc
cupation of Colenso was not known before the
end of the session. Paris was strong, but Ber
lin ceased to take any hand in the dealings.
Americans opened well above parity, London
buying more briskly than it has done for con
siderable time. The favorites were Norfolk and
Western and Louisville and Nashville. The
close was about the top on New York support.
The bank bought £9000 gold In German coin
and £SOOO in bars, and £50.000 came in from
Denmark. The Cape took £10.000. It is sur
mised that yesterday's sale of gold was a loan
transaction. Call loans were in good demand,
but the bank did less In loans. Fixtures were
strong and bills were steady. *
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific 101 Vi: Union Pacific pre
ferred 75%: Northern Pacific preferred, 76%;
Atchlson, 21H; Grand Trunk. 8%; Anaconda,
9%: Rand mines, 35%. Bar silver, steady, 27% d
per ounce. •
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $8 5008 60;
Oat, $608; Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, . $6@7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 2SO4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report, except an ad
vance in Alfalfa Seed.' The Bean market con
tinues dull, but well held.
BEANS— Bay os, $3 2503 35; small White, $3 20
@3 35; large White, $2 9003 10; Pinks, $2 50«
2 85; Reds $3 50; Blackeye, $4 60: Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 1505 25; Pea. $3 20®3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 500-4.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 9002 20; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa, 8010 c: Rape, 2%©3 c; Hemp. 4©4% c;
Timothy, 404% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 6001 90; Green, $1 75
©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The tendency In Asparagus is downward, as
receipts are Increasing. Other Vegetables stand
about the same. PotatoeB and Onions are very
dull and weak. . :
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85@95c; River Reds,
70075 c; Burbanks, 50075 c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 75c© $1 10; Sweet rPotatoes, $170®
ISO for Merced; New Potatoes, 3c.
ONIONS— SI 5002 10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l
per dozen: Rhubarb. 12% c per lb: Asparagus,
8020 c; Green Peas, 2%03%c per lb for Los An
geles and 606 c for Alameda; String Beans, tQ
10c: Cabbage, 40060 c; Los Angeles Tomatoes.
$101 50: Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 10©12«4c;
Dried Okra. 12% c per lb; Garlic. 6c: Green
Peppers from Los Angeles. 41S5c; Dried Pep
pers, 8010 c; Carrots, 30040 c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash, $101 25 per box.
Poultry and Game.
In srlte of the further receipts of three cars
from the East Poultry is strong ' and prices
for Hens and young fowl have advanced.
Game continues dull, as the warm and close
weather is against it.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9011 c for Gobblers
and 11012% c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 11014 c;
Geese, per pair. $1 7502; Goslings, $1 7502:
Ducks. $405 for old and $4@5 for young; Hens,
$l@s 50; Young Roosters. $5 5006; Old Roosters,
$4 5005; Fryers. J5 5006; Broilers. $505 50 for
large and $3 5004 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@
1 E0 per dozen for old and $202 50 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, $125: Mallard, $304; Canvas
backd. $204; Sprig, $16002 25;. Teal, $17502;
Widgeon. $1 50; Small Duck, $101 25; Hare, 75c
osl 25; Rabbits, $101 25; Gray Geese, $2 5003;
White. $101 25; Brant, $1 5002; Honkers, $4;
English Snipe, $2 5003 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Still lower quotations are noted for Butter
and Egrs and both are In liberal supply and
dull. Cheese Is weak and quiet, but no lower.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 22% c; seconds,
21022 c.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c; good to choice, 18®19c;
common, 15017 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10c; old, 9%c;
Young America, 10011 c; Eastern, 15%@16c;
Western. 13%015c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12%@13%c for store and 14@
15c per dozen for ranch. Eastern are not worth
quoting. ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are steady and In fair demand. There
is no change In Lemons and Limes. Supplies
of Apples are less excessive, but the market
does not Improve.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
APPLES— 3O(g 6Oc per box for common, <ac@sl
for good to choice, and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50(g2 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Pomelos. 75c@
$2 50; Lemons. $1«1 50 for common and $2®2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $5<3 l 5 50; Cal
ifornia Limes :s<Ssoc; Bananas. Jl 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Quotations continue nominal In the absence
of Rny movement.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%c for
40-50's. 4®4>4c for 50-60's, 3%c for 60-70's, 3^e
for 70-80's. 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100's:
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals, 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 121114 c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5%®
6c for Standards, 6%iflC*ic for choice and 7@Bc
for fancy: Peeled Peaches, 10®12%c; Evapo
rated Apples. 6<g~c; Sun-dried, 5<55%c per lb;
Nectarines, B@9c; Pears, 3%@4%c for dark and
7@Bc for bright halves; Black Figs, 2@2%c:
White Figs. 2®3c; Bleached Plums. Sg9c; Un
bleached Plums. 707% c for pitted and l%c for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c: prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, p«r lb, . 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice. 7%c; standard, 6%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown, loose muscatels. 5%c:
3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Chestnuts, S@9c; Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9®loc for softshell; Almonds.
11%@12c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4®
5c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5%®6%c for Eastern
and 5e for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Fil
berts, 12<g12%c: Pecans, U@l3c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
@5. •
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%@
lie for lldht amber; water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted, 7&@7%c; dark, 5%@
6c rer lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. .
Provisions.
Dealers quote a quiet and unchanged market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for llrht. 12c
for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13%e: California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
I>er lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^4@7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUe: 10-lb tins. S9ic: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%&8% c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c. '
Hides, T allow-, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue quiet tfnd weak. There Is
nothing dotng in Wool' and Hops, and quota
tions for both are nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10%@ll%c; Medium. 9%®10%c: light. 9%c:
Cowhides, 9%@10%c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%0
10% c; Calf, 9%@10c; Dry Hide*, sound, 18c;
culls and brands, 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal,
17c; Dry Calf, 19ig"20c;. Sheepskins, yearlings, 15
@30c each: short Wool. 3.V«fioc each; medium
70@90c: long Wool. $I@l 50 each; Horse Hides,
$2 2503 for large and $1 25® 2 for small; Colts,
25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@5%c per lb; No.
2, 4®4%c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2% l g'3c.
WOOL—
Fall cliD, San Joaqutn plains. 9<gloc: South
ern, SifflOc; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 17£?20c; Eastern Orecon, 13®
16c; Valley Oregon, 18@2Oc; Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb. > -V
HOPS— 7(3IIc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs continue scarce and firm, as will be
seen by the quotations. Beef and Mutton, also
rule firm at the recently Improved prices. Veal
Is rather scarce. Spring Lamb Is coming In
slowly.
BEEF— 6ViUnV«c per 1b for fair to choice.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@S%o: ewes. VAc per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 12% c: yearlings, 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%66c for small and me
dium and s%@s»ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5%@5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Ban Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6U@6%c; Wool Bags, 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton;. new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. . $7 50; Seattle,
$7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wall send, $8;
Co-operative Wellsend. $3: Scotch,
berland, ,$l2 in bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Canned. $11 per
ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In isacks.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Moana
left there have been' but six arrivals here of
coal from Australia, viz.: Heathfleld," - 2705
tdns: Combermere, 2560 tons;. Marie, 3010 tons;
Calthness-shlre, 2727 - tons ; Snow and Burgess,
2221 tons; Undaunted. 2011 tons; total, 15.224
tens. This Is a very smatl quantity of colonial
coal to be delivered here in. thirty days, and
the list of all possible . deliveries to be made
here in the next sixty days does not foot up
13,000 tons. Last year at this time coal freights
from Newcastle were ' 4 shillings per. ton less
than they are to-day, yet there were then
eleven more vessels loading there for San
Francisco than now. The colonial product has
ceased to be a fuel factor In this market, as
90 per cent of our demands are now satisfied
by our coast colliers and they are getting their
properties in such shape that they will retain
their supremacy if they can. It Is most singu
lar, the commercial mutations within twelve
months. Outward grain . freights are to-day 10
shillings per ton higher here than Just one
year ago and coal freights 4 shillings higher,
a combined difference of 14 shillings per ton
In favor of the carrier, yet but few are pro
curable.. While the . demand • for the Hawaiian
Islands continues unabated ' the San Francisco
receipts will naturally remain light, whence the
outlook for cheap fuel this year Is, not very
promising, as the coast products will. assuredly
sustain ' their values in - the- absence of com-
P^IANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $l@l 50; To
matoes.-75c • ¦¦•-..; ¦¦ • :
CANNED ! FRUlTS— Cherries. $2 4003 for
black and white; Peaches, $1 63@1 90; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots, $1 25®1 70; Plums, $1 20®
140. ' ¦ . • -¦--
COFFEE— Costa Rica, 'HH©lfos for .prime
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. Feb. 20.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 63 hours from Coos
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, from Portland,
via Astoria. 55 hours. •'¦
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 54 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Corona, Debney, S2 hours from San
Diego.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson. 96 hours from Oys
ter Harbor.
Schr Albion. Gudmansen. 7 days from Coqullla
Schr Letltta. Wilson. 9 days from Grays Har
bor.
CLEARED
• Tuesday. Feb. 20.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr TUanla. Egenes. Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria;
Goodal!. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, Feb. 20.
Stmr Progreso. Zolllng. Tacoma.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Walla Walla, Thomas. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Crux.
Nor stmr TUanla. Egenes. Nanalmo.
Bark Annie' Johnson. Nelson. Hllo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb. 20—10 p. m.—leather,
thick; wind, southwest; velocity. 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
January 45 S, 62 W. Br ship Indore. from Liv
erpool, for San Francisco. January 11—14 S, 37
W. Br ship Dynomene. hence Oct 1. for Queens
town. Feb 12—47 N. SI W, Br ship Crompton.
hence Sep 1. for Antwerp. Feb 13—4$ N. 31 W.
Ger ship Neck, from Portland, for Dublin.
MISCELI^VNEOUS.
LONDON. Feb 19—Br ship Andrtna, from
Antwerp, for San Francisco. March 2. 1899. and
reported wrecked at Policarpo Island. Aug 10,
is a total loss; salvage of cargo was made at
great expense and difficulty.
Continued on Page Eleven.
TO SAIL.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS%,
Sterling Cables r.... — 4 W* 4
New York Exchange, sight...... — i»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars « « s %
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Have advanced to 41s
3d. usual options, with a charter at this figure.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 43,300. against 6340 tons on the
same data last year; disengaged. 3950 tons,
against 22.540; on" the way to this port, 173,400
tons, aKalnst 147.200.
WHEAT— The market was dull and feature
less all over the world. In Chicago there was
nothing doing, all the epeculatlon being in
corn In this market quotations were lower,
both on and off call, with a very weak fee ng.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 97>$@9S%c; milling,
|I®l 02%. call BOARD s ALES .
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls $1 06Vic; May— lB.ooo, 99% c.
Tecond Sesslon-I>/cember-4000 ctls $106*;
6000, $106%; 10.000. $106U; 6000. $1 06H; May—
2000 99Tic; 2000. 99«*c; 4000, 99% c; 4000, 99% C.
Regu.ar Morning Session— December— 6ooo ctls,
Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 99*ic: 2000,
99% c; 12,000, 9ti%c. ','¦¦'¦[*
BAftLEY— The market continues neglected,
though holders still aak the old quotations.
Feed, 75@77V4c for No. 1 and 65J?72V£c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@87%c;
Chevalier, nominal. '¦':;.
I CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. ¦
Regular Morninsr Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No dales.
OATS— Offerings are neglected and the mar-
Vhite. asia $i 10-81 30; Red, 95c©$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%@l 15; Black, 92%@1 02%.
CORN— There are free offerings, but no buy
ers, and the feeling Is one of depression. East
ern White is quoted at 95c per ctl and Eastern
Yellow at *I@l 02%; mixed. 97%c@$l.
RYE— Dull at 97%c@$l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and'Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornla family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 per barrel.
• MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, .usual discount to the trade:- Graham
Flour. 13 25 per 100 lbs ; Rye ¦ Flour. •J2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 DO; Rice Flour, »7: Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, • J4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. J3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 1W» lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Prices remain ' without . change. . Supplies of
all descriptions, are liberal. Hay continues
weak, but Bran is rather steadier.
BRAN— sl2<g:i3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28<&27; jobbing,
$27 50®28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23#23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50® 24; Mixed Feed
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
: HAT.— Wheat. ; $6 60®8 50- for common to good
THE STOCK MARKET.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21.
VOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlne tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the* last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition tr> the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then th« number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts. 20.
830 barrels; exports, 18.327 barrels. Very quiet
and Inclined to go loiver all around In line
with the lower ruling" of wheat. Minnesota
patents. $3 Ss®4 15; Minnesota bakers'. $2 900
3 05; winter patents. $3 65@3 S5; winter straits,
$3 40® 3 55; winter extras, $2 60Q2 90; winter low
grade. $2 25@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2",000 bushels; exports,
23.9&6. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 76c elevator; No.
2 red, . 777-ic f. o. b. .-.iloat in store; No. 1
Northern Duluth, SOHc .f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard. Duluth, SlTt-p f- o. b. afloat prompt.
Options— Opened easy ahd were weak most -of
the day because of a He .cut In freight rates, be
tween here and the Wmt. Supplementing this
as a selling motive werf; lower cables, fair in
terior receipts, a small* cash trade and pros
pects of snow in the Vl-'est. Closed weak at
%©%c net decline; Marjh closed 76c; May, 74%
©74% c. closed 74% c; Jul;., 73T»<tf74Hc. closed 74c.
HOPS— Steady. •
HIDES— Firm. * . '
LEATHER— Firm. *
COFFEE— Futures closed barely steady, with
prices s@lo points net decline. Total sales, 13,
750 bags. Including May. $7 25; September, $7 33
7 40; December, $7 50 £7 55; January, $7 60.
Spot coffee— Dull; No. 7. invoice, 8 11-16 c; No. 7
Jobbing, 9 3-16 c. Mild- Quiet; Cordova. 10®
13% c.
SUGAR— Raw. dull. Refined— Quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. SCI6 packages; steady;
June creamery, 19<g22%c; Western creamery, 20
<g 24c; factory. 16@19c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10,795 packages; steady at
decline: Western at msrk. 14% c; Southern at
mark. 13*4© 14c . • i
DRIED FRUITS
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
and steady at unchanged prices. Light re
ceipts were offset by unfavorable news from
the country. California dried fruits quiet and
firm, but not quotably higher.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
6<&6c: prime. 6%o«Vic; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
SfeS%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@15c; Moorpark. 15@Sc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS@22c; unpeeled, 7%4jSc.
A r £7X' York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— General sentiment in
the metal market was depressed by unsatisfac
tory cables, particularly regarding tin. Advices
from the London market were decidedly un
satisfactory and the local market declined from
yesterday's quotations ($32 50@32 75) to $31 20©
31 50. The market was quite nominal at the
decline, being without activity. The demand
for copper continued slack, leaving quotations
more or less nominal at unchanged figures.
LAKE COPPER-U2 25.
LEAD— Ruled dull at nominally unchanged
figures at $4 70(84 75.
SPELTER— DuII at $4 60@4 C 5. closing easy.
PIGIRON— The market for pigiron warrants
continued very dull and too nominal to quote.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 45 and for
copper |16 25. _•
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION.
AUCTION — AUCTION
POSTPONED BY OFFICIAL ORDER
UNTIL
FRIDAY, 11 o'clock A. M., Feb. 23,
AT
516-18 WASHINGTON ST.
COVEftIiMEnT SUPPLIES,
Consisting of 2000 Tents; 6COO Curtains and
Nets: teco Duck and Drill Mattress Covers; 1000
Sleeping Bags; 6500 Pillows; 4000 Shelter Tents:
500 German Silver Band Instruments. Bass and
Snare Drums; 100 Filters; 500 Galvanized Water
Buckets: 600 Assorted Shovels, etc.
Contractors. Klondlkers. resort keepers.
campers, hotels, steamboats, sailmakers. tent
and awning makers, attention called to this
sale. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
Auctioneers.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
short ribs sides (loose). $5 85JT6 15; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), .6Vi@6%c; short clear sides
(boxed). $6 05@6 10.
1 Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 57.000 33.000
Wheat, bushels 63.000 6,000
Corn, bushels 611.000 . IK -W->
Oats, bushels 408.000 102.000
Rye. bushels 10,000
Barley, bushels 88.000 21.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 13@24c: dairy. la%
Si 22c; cheese, • firm, 12013 c; eggs, firm, fresh,
13%e. '
. Available Grain Supply.
NEW- YORK, Feb. 20.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications to Bradstreet's
chow the following changes In available sup
plies since the last account:
: Wheat— United States and Canada, east .of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 858,000 bushels;
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat for and In
Europe, increase, 100,000 bushels; total supply,
decrease, 758,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 489.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase. 352,000 bushels.
Among the more Important Increases reported
not given In the official visible supply state
ment are those of 87,000 bushels at Rochester,
76.000 bushels at Lincoln. 63.000 bushels at
Newport News and 60,000 bushels at Ogdens
bu rg.
The principal decreases are those of SOO.OOO
bushels at Northwestern Interior elevators and
125,000 bushels at Manitoba storage points.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., in
creased 111,000 bushels lust week.
LIVERPOOL.
Opening 6 10% 6 9T4 B 9T&
Closing .....5 10 • 6 9tf 6 9%.
PAJRIS. "
Wheat— ' Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 30 21 40
Closing 20 30 2125
Flour —
Opening 26 60 27 80
Closing...; .....; 26 30 27 5o
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 39'
200 Chollar 19]
400 C C &. Va 1 451
300 CC & Va....l 424!
Afternoon
200 Hale & N0r.... 30
300 Mexican 22
500 Overman 10
400 Utah 09
Session.
200 Belcher 22
200 Best & Belcher 36
9«0 Best & Belcher 35
1100 C C & Va 1 40
100 C C & Va....l 37%
200 Mexican 22
700 Mexican 21
1000 Opnlr M
700 Sierra Nevada. 34
200 Sierra Nevada. 35
3W) Yellow Jacket. 17
200 Yellow Jacket. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb 20—4 p. m
Bid. As*.
Alpha 02 03
Alta — 02
Andes 05 M
Belcher 20 *1
Best A Belcher 32 33
Bullion 03 0*!
Caledonia 33 40 :
Chollar 18 20;
Challenge Con. 13 20
Confidence — 75.
CCA Va 1 351 40!
Con Imperial... — 01;
Con New York. — 04]
Crown Point... C 7 CSj
Exchequer — o}'
Gould & Curry. 14 18
Hale & N0r.... JO Jl !
Julia — Of
Justice 06 07
Bid. Ask.
Keatuck — OS
Lady Wash.... 02 —
Mexican 19 to
Occidental U It
Ophlr 53 55
Overman ...... 19 11
Potosi 25 25
Savage IX 13
Scorpion — 02
Sex Belcher.... 02 01
Sierra Nevada. 33 35
Silver Hill — 05
St Louts 09 —
Standard 1402"
Syndicate — C 5
Union Con 23 13
Utah 09 11
Yellow Jacket. 17 IS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosrraphic Office. V. 8. *.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
February 20. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of tha new Ferry
building was dropped « exactly noon to-day
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Bun rises * : ??
Sun sets ••"•• ¦*;•*•
Moon ris«?»... 0:0 ° *• "*-
BOSTON. Feb. 20.— There Is a moderate de
mand for wool tog-ether with a call for quar
terblood domestics, but territory wools as a
whole have not been" called for so much, al
though there are buyers In plenty that would
take part if they could find lots which they
think are bargains. Fleece wools are nominal,
but no Indication of weakness Is shown.
Quotations: Territory wools— Montana and
Dakota, fine medium and fine. 225J24c; scoured,
62(Jf65c: staples. 68@70c. Utah. Wyoming, fine
medium and flne. 19@22c: scoured. 60@63e: sta
ple. 65@68c. Idaho, fine medium and fine, lS*?2le;
scoured, 60@63c; medium and fine, 20@23c:
scoured, 47<g52c. Australian— Scoured basis, spot
prices; combing superfine, 93@95c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— CATTLE— Good to
choice native steers about steady; others slow
to 10c lower; Texas steers about 10c lower;
Texas bulls steady; butchers' stock and can
ners steady; feeders slow; calves stronger;
good to choice, Jo 20@5 "5; poor to medium,
$4@4 75; mixed stockers. $3 40@3 SO; selected
feeders, $4 25® 4 80; good to choice cows. S3 40(81
3 80; heifers. $3 4004 60; canners. $2 20®2 90:
bulls. $2 60@4 25; calves. $4 50@8; fed Texas
beeves. $4@5.
HOGS— Weak at yesterday's closing prices;
top, $5 02%; fair clearances: mixed and butch
ers, $4 80fe5; good heavy, $4 9Q&5 02%; rough,
heavy. $4 75@4 S5; light, $4 6Jt3"4 90; bulk of
sales. $4 &5@4 95.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs slow to 10c lower;
native wethers, $4 Ss@s 75; Western wethers.
{4 75®5 65; native lambs, $5<S5 75; Western
lambs. $5 75@6 85.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
15,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. 20.— Clearings, $235,172;
balances, $31,678. .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 20.— The prices paid last
week seem to have loosened up enough wheat
to satisfy the demands from the exporters for
the present and the most of them are keeping
their limits down below last week's prices.
Walla Walla was worked at 54c and Valley at
63c for the best grades, with some exporters
quoting a cent under these figures. Bluestem
was easy at
TACOMA. Feb. 20.— WHEAT— Club. 63% c;
Bluestem, 55% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— Consols, 100 13-16. Silver,
27% d. French Rentes, IOOf 95c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia. 30s- English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. iO.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris dull; flour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, mild
and open. «
COTTON— Uplands. 6d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull; March, 6s lOd:
May, 6s 9%d; July, 5s '-¦•• Spot— Dull; No. 1
California. 6s 5d(&"68 5%d.
CORN— opot An.erlcan mixed new, steady, 3s
B%d; old steady. 3s 9d. Futures— Quiet: Feb
ruary, 3s B%d; March, 3s S%d; May. 3s i%d.
Board—
8
O Tlm« Time Time Time
f Ft. Ft. — — Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H.W L W
tl a-10 ».2 10:22 1.1 & : 3° *•• * :3S *•'
!J •"* 3 : 55 5.2 U:M 0.8 6:51 !.« 10:53 J.J
!3 ... 4:58 5.2 12.32 0.5 3:00 3.9 ..;.„
LW HW I* W HW
'* 0-18 3-2 «:03 5.3 1:31 0.2 8:52 4.2
» "¦" l! 28 3.1 7:IS 5.4 2:24-0.1) 9:35 4.«
* 225! 2.8 S:2-> 5.8 S.ul-fl.Ji 10:13| 4.9
I? " 3-23| 2.4 9:» 5.7 «:£«[ — 0-l| 10:50! 5.1
Steamer. I From. j Due.
Willamette (Seattle jFeb. 2}
Geo. W. Elder. Portland |Feb. 21
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 21
Matteawan Tacoma..... |Feb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt !Feb. 2i
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 21
Honlta Newport IFeb. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena IFeb. 23
Homer Portland .....jFeb. S3
North Fork Humboldt (Feb. 23
Sunol Grays Harbor [Feb. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor (Feb. 23
Columbia Portland Feb. iv
Pomona San Diego Feb. 24
America Maru.. China and Japan Feb. 2*
Ruth Coos Bay Feb. 24
A Blanchard ..|Coos Bay Feb. 24
Benmohr •• Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 2*
Samoa IHumboldt Feb. 28
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 29
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 28
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor IFeb. 27
Curacao Mexico Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
L»ander Kotchlnotiu Feb. 27
Arcata Coos Bay . Feb. 27
Corona .; San Dletco Feb. 23
State of Cal Portland Mar. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Aberdeen ..[Puget Sound.. Feb. 21. 2 pm|Pier S
Alameda ...iSydney Feb. 21. » pm:Pt«r 7
Arcata ICoos Bay Feb. 22. 10 am! Pier 13
Samoa [Humboldt Feb. 23. 10 am | Pier 13
State of CaliPortland .. Feb. 22. lOamiPier**
Corona ISan Dleiro Feb. 22. 11 amlPler U
San Pedro.. Humboldt Feb. 22, 4 pm|Pler IS
A l o ha Crescent City. Feb. 22. 4pm Pier 3
Orjzaba Humboldt Feb. 23, 2 pmjPier 9
Bonita San Pedro Feb. 24. 9 am'.Pler 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. ! Feb. 24. 2 pmiPler 2
Homer . ...!OreKon Ports.! Feb. 24, 10 am! Pier 20
A Blanch'd Coos Bay I Feb. 24. 5 pm! Pier 13
Newburif ...[Grays HarboriFeb. 54. 5 pm|
City PueblalVlc * PKt Sd.iFeb. 25. 10 am Pier 9
Pomona ...ISan D1»to iFeb. 28. 11 amlPler 11
Xorth Fork! Humboldt IFeb. 28. 9 am! Pier 3
Coptic |China&Japan,Feb. 27. Ipm!PMSS
Columbia ..iPortland .Feb. 27. 10 am Pier 21
Cooa Bay...! Newport IFeb. 2S. 9am',PlerU
Peru .......iPanama (Feb. M. 12 m!PMSS
O Tlm« Time Time Time
f Ft. Ft. — — Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H.W L W
tl a-10 ».2 10:22 1.1 & : 3° *•• * :3S *•'
!J •"* 3 : 55 5.2 U:M 0.8 6:51 !.« 10:53 J.J
!3 ... 4:58 5.2 12.32 0.5 3:00 3.9 ..;.„
LW HW I* W HW
'* 0-18 3-2 «:03 5.3 1:31 0.2 8:52 4.2
» "¦" l! 28 3.1 7:IS 5.4 2:24-0.1) 9:35 4.«
* 225! 2.8 S:2-> 5.8 S.ul-fl.Ji 10:13| 4.9
I? " 3-23| 2.4 9:» 5.7 «:£«[ — 0-l| 10:50! 5.1
Steamer. I From. j Due.
Willamette (Seattle jFeb. 2}
Geo. W. Elder. Portland |Feb. 21
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 21
Matteawan Tacoma..... |Feb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt !Feb. 2i
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 21
Honlta Newport IFeb. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena IFeb. 23
Homer Portland .....jFeb. S3
North Fork Humboldt (Feb. 23
Sunol Grays Harbor [Feb. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor (Feb. 23
Columbia Portland Feb. iv
Pomona San Diego Feb. 24
America Maru.. China and Japan Feb. 2*
Ruth Coos Bay Feb. 24
A Blanchard ..|Coos Bay Feb. 24
Benmohr •• Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 2*
Samoa IHumboldt Feb. 28
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 29
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 28
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor IFeb. 27
Curacao Mexico Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
L»ander Kotchlnotiu Feb. 27
Arcata Coos Bay . Feb. 27
Corona .; San Dletco Feb. 23
State of Cal Portland Mar. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Aberdeen ..[Puget Sound.. Feb. 21. 2 pm|Pier S
Alameda ...iSydney Feb. 21. » pm:Pt«r 7
Arcata ICoos Bay Feb. 22. 10 am! Pier 13
Samoa [Humboldt Feb. 23. 10 am | Pier 13
State of CaliPortland .. Feb. 22. lOamiPier**
Corona ISan Dleiro Feb. 22. 11 amlPler U
San Pedro.. Humboldt Feb. 22, 4 pm|Pler IS
A l o ha Crescent City. Feb. 22. 4pm Pier 3
Orjzaba Humboldt Feb. 23, 2 pmjPier 9
Bonita San Pedro Feb. 24. 9 am'.Pler 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. ! Feb. 24. 2 pmiPler 2
Homer . ...!OreKon Ports.! Feb. 24, 10 am! Pier 20
A Blanch'd Coos Bay I Feb. 24. 5 pm! Pier 13
Newburif ...[Grays HarboriFeb. 54. 5 pm|
City PueblalVlc * PKt Sd.iFeb. 25. 10 am Pier 9
Pomona ...ISan D1»to iFeb. 28. 11 amlPler 11
Xorth Fork! Humboldt IFeb. 28. 9 am! Pier 3
Coptic |China&Japan,Feb. 27. Ipm!PMSS
Columbia ..iPortland .Feb. 27. 10 am Pier 21
Cooa Bay...! Newport IFeb. 2S. 9am',PlerU
Peru .......iPanama (Feb. M. 12 m!PMSSPolice Protection and Lights Wanted
..The Eureka. "Valley and Park Lamj Im
provement Club and also the } Nuevo Po
trero Club last night adopted resolutions
asking, for better police protection In the
sections they represent. The call for lm
provementß also embraced an engine
house near the County Hospital. Reso
lutions were adopted against turning out
street lights. The duos agreed on the
programme outlined above.
MINI COMPANY
SUED FOR FRAUD
Many Victims Bought
Worthless Stock.
Special Dispatch to Tbs Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20.— The scandal which
has been slowly gathering about the af
fairs of the Golden Crown Mining Com
pany will be aired In court. To-day R. J.
Johnson began suit against E. H. "Wem
ple, the treasurer and head of the com
pany, to recover a promissory note for
$4000, which he alleges the defendant had
fraudulently obtained. The complainant
recites that on August 10, IS9B. he pur
chased 4000 shares of the Golden Crown
mining stock from Wemple, giving a *4000
promissory note in payment therefor. The
note was secured by a beneficiary interest
In thirty acres of Improved land In the
May wood colony, Tehama County, valued
at iSOOO. Johnson states that he waa in
duced to buy the mining stock through,
false and fraudulent statements of Wem
ple and W. O. Hllblsh. who issued a
prospectus In June. 1593. At that time the
company owned six quartz claims in Mar
iposa County, the leading property being
the Big Betsy mine. The prospectus stat
ed work had been commenced and that
assays had shown the ore to run from $173
to $200 per ton and the supply was almost
limitless. As a further bait to Investors
it said "one dollar invested now may be
worth one hundred in a year."
In December last Johson learned that
his stock waa worthless and he accused
Wemple of having cheated him. The
complaint recites that Wemple admitted
the mine waa worthless and said com
pany had ceased work on the claims.
Johnson asks for the return of his $4000
promissory note and that the transac
tion be set aside on the ground of fraud.
The suit filed to-day Is probably the
forerunner of dozens of others. During
the last three years the Golden Crown
Mining Company did a thriving busl
ines*. The workina: classes bought heav
ily of the stock. It Is said that at least
$100,000 went into the treasury of the
company from residents of this city. Tho
mine was advertised all over the East,
and considerable money was received
from people there. The fact that Wem
ple, who Is a large grocer, was at tho
head of It added respectability to th-j
concern and caused many people to in
vest. There are an unusually large num
ber of victims among the teachers In the
School Department. Until recently
Wemple was chairman of the City Board
of Education, and In hopes of currying
favor with him many of the lady teach
ers put all their salary Into the mining
scheme*
Suicide of a Waitress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Feb. 20.— Mlaa Bessie Evan«,
a waitress at the Youemlte Hotel, com
mitted suicide by taking carbolic add
this morning. No reason Is known for
the act. - - -• i
GRAND LODGE ADJOURNS.
"With the Installation of the officers se
lected for the current year District Grand
Lodge No. 4 of the Independent Order of
B'nai B'rith closed its labor* last night
Owing to death In the families of two of
the grand officers the usual banquet was
omitted.
The election of grand officers resulted
In the choice of the following: Lucius L.
Solomons of Occidental Lodge, president;
George Samuels of Oakland Lodge, first,
and Marcus Kosenthal of Unity Lodge,
Last Sacraments Administered.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Feb. 20.—Announce
ment of the serious illness of Archbishop
Hennessey was made to-day in the pa
rochial schools. It is stated- that th- last
sacraments have been administered « to
him.
TROUBLES OF MINERS.
The California Miners' Association
Considers Flans of Settlement.
At a meeting of the California Miners*
Association last night the war betweei
the Mountain Copper Company^ and. the
local miners of Shasta County was dlfi
cussed, but- no action was taken. Attor
ney Charles P. Cells for the Mountain
Copper Company and A. 11. Sprajru«,
president of the organization formed to
fight the company's application for lands,
were present, and in a later interview ar
rived at an understanding that may end
the trouble and agitation. The Mountain
Copper Company was said to seek the
lands to prevent damage suits on account
of Its smelter smoke, and to be ready to
guarantee miners all their rights and
equltie3.
The petroleum lands bill to be sent to
Congress this week was indorsed. It was
decided to send it especially to the Cali
fornia Conrresaman. Mr. Waters, who has
the most oil land in his district, because
he would moat gladly father and nurue it.
Congressman de Vries reported In a
communication that Southern California
was not interested In the mineral lands
bill, and that It should be amended by
excluding south-of-Tehachapl. The mat
ter was referred to the Southern Califor
nia branch of the association.
FLEET DOGS ENTERED
AT INGLESIDE PARK
The managroent of Ingleslde Coursing
Park was offered so many dogs for the
champion stake, which will be run to
morrow, that it was with difficulty It
could be cut to forty-eight entries. Cours
ing will commence at 11 o'clock. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Ingleside cup stake — P. Hogan's Lucretia Bor
gia vs. Connell Bros." Mammy Pleasant; T. J.
McHugh's Moss Rose vs. H. A. Deckelman'9
Glen Chloe; P. ¦ McCabe's Boney Boy vs. D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl: P. Horsran's Manila vs.
J. P. Thrift's St. Michael: J. Holden's Scottish
Chief vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocker; H.
Lynch's Lottie M vs. J. McEnroe's Maglo Cir
cle; E. M. Kellogft's Ben's Babe vs. J. J. Ed
monds* Mornlna; Glory; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Palmflower vs. J. Carroll's Auckland; J.
McEnroe's Stonehenge v«. H. Lynch's Lexing
ton; C. C. Morris. Old Olory vs. J. Dean's Gal
lant: Sterl & Knowles" Oleta vs; F. X. Foley*9
Glen Roy; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. S. Han
dy's Twin City Girl; Lowe & Thompson's
King's Borderer vs. J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson: T. Murphy's Tea Rose vs. J. R.
Smith's' Victor; J. O'Shea'a Young America vs.
H. Lynch's Benlcla Boy; J. Klernan's Bowery
Boy vs. Connell Bros." St. Helen; Lowe &
Thompson's Bagpipe vs. Connell Bros.' Log
Boy; R. E. de B. Lopea's Diablo vs. Cartels
Bros.* Baron Blood; Connell Bros.' . Good Bye
vb. J. ashea's Golden Rule; J. I. CBrien't
Wandering Tom vs. Kay Bros.' Hawktr; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander;
E. M. Kelk>frg*s lowa Maid vs. D. Dillon's
Lady Hugo; Russell. Allen A Wilson's Victor
Boy vs. J. R. Smith's Sylvanus; Bartela Broa.'
Beer Brewer ts. J. 1. O"Brlen'a Statesman.
A sixty-four-dog stake is the card at
Union Coursing Park to-morrow. Trains
will leave at 10:30 and 11:30 a. m. and the
1:25 p. m. train for Tanforan wIU also stop
at the park. ,
DIVORCED COUPLE ARE
REUNITED IN COURTROOM
After & 'Xtong Separation, the Wife
Rejoins Her Husband at the '
Close of His Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 20.— The reunion of
a man and wife once loving, but who had
been separated by a decree of the divorce
courts, took, place in Judge Gardner's
courtroom this morning.
The husband was Robert Buchanan, on
trial for obtaining: money under false
pretenses. Among the spectators sat
his former wife. When the Jury returned
a verdict of "not guilty" the woman made
her way through the crowd to Buchan
an's Bide and when she left the court
room It was leaning on his arm.
A year ago Buchanan was discharged
from employment on the North Paclflo
Coast Railroad. The family became In
debted to the local stores. All the bills
were paid but one owed to H. A. Failey,
a dry goods man. One morning: Buchanan
left town, saying that he was going in
search of work. Months passed, but no
word reached Buchanan's family of his
whereabouts. At last Mrs. Buchanan,
acting mainly on the advice of friends,
sued for divorce on the ground of deßer
tlon. She obtained the decree.
Recently Information reached here that
Buchanan was at Sacramento. Last week
he was brought here and has since been
in Jail. Mrs. Buchanan has frequently
visited him in his cell, and the scene in
court this morning was the culmination
of the love which has reasserted Its sway
over the divorced pair.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
R E Bondnraot. Prtlnd
P Janss. Los Anc
C Maillot. Paris
E B Wallbrld**. Tuscn
S Smith. 6alt Lake I
J Rennle. Natoma
B X Barker. New York
Miss Gentry. S Ro»a
W ©"Qrady. Mendoclno
W H Hood. Butte
O W Lancer, Ltvermore
AT D Redford.
C Boyllnc.
8 E Lut». New York
L. O HammeraU. N V
O C Hawkins, Btggs
L T Swain. Oakland
A J Hart. San Jose
Was J McGllnn. L A
J N Grerv. R«M Bluff
C L Kellors;. Wla
J F Dantiey, wf. Chiro
Mra W O Dantley. do
Mrs M B Palre Mass
C N Babcock. Kasota
M Goldsmith. Chicago
J C Ehlln. Chicago
C H Roeder. Madera
J O DUler. Missouri
J L Pendleton. L Oatoa
A J Rosa. Los Oatos
F M Blancaard. Kern
PALACE
C H Palmer & w. N V
S Schwab. New York
R Lockey. Montana,
W H Jones. B C
F X> Proctor, Vt
E R Morse, Vt
C B Etnier. Pa
J E Doherty, Uvermor
F H Hosklns & w. Or
Mrs X B Davis. Minn
W H McKittrtck. Cal
8 B Smith. Detroit
G H Russell. Detroit
A F Norton, Loa Ang
H J "VVhltcomb. Ohio
H A Stranese. NY
R L Etinla. Rochester
W E Marsh. N V
P B Gay lord. Denver
w H M Kler. Wdland
II L Smith. OU
Dr Porter, wf. Nap*
S M Infills, wf. Cat
A I> lilxby. Watmnvl
F Mattlaon. S Crux
T Laundry. New York
W 1, Ferguson, wf.Bstn
E B Wallbridire. Tucsa
Mrs J P Nash. Modesto
J D Smith. Davlsvlite
T L. Hogne. Fresno
J Brown, wf. Suisun
O H SaJnders, Tucson
J A Ban. Rochester
G M Churchill. Ullwa
J I> McGlWr*y. StanfcX
H Ilailtn, Freßno
Mlsa HesJcy. Arizona
W E Carrey. Chicago
D C Olllen. Sacto
Ft E I»n«brfdsr<». And
E Eastman, ("hlrasji
H O Kaaf.ltefl.imat inn
E O Wood, LO9 An*
W B Gibson. Woodland
T C Snider. Woodland
A Detroit
W a de Jour»tt. Colusa
P T Banzmoor. Worcat
IX F Coatts. Kern
HOTEL.
J W Cochran. Wls
Ulsa M E Cochran. Wl a
J D Dunn & w. Cal
J F Graham. San Jose
A H Harriett & f. Mo
H M Newman. USA
F 3 Johnson A w. Cal
A E Twyford. Chicago
H Hahn & w. Oilcaza
It H Stanley, Cp Nome
O O Mackdy. N T
J L Robinson & w. 11l
O Ocxxlman ft w. Napa
X T Case. Sacto
W W Foots, Oakland
M Axulrre. S Quantla
R S Johnaon, St Louts
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
W W Pringl«,Martln«a
A J Stewart. Courtland
C J Btedler, Rochester
J Furself, Portland
C Noeske, Fresno
A O Glass, San Jose
FA Srlva. Pet&luma
O U Manzer, Vallejo
E Cashier. Reno
R Ltversen, Stockton
F CCollina A w. Cal
Miss E Collins. L Ant;
Miss A Collins, L Ang
Mis* Z Ballard, L Acg
A Wtbster. Wli
Miss M E Martin, Wu
T M Sorha. Arli
P Ramatetn. Arts
H W Taylor, Sacto
J N Mclntyre, Canada
BULGARIA AND SERVIA
ON THE VERGE OF WAR
LONDQN, Feb. 21.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Standard says: "Strange
rumors are afloat In Vienna and still
stranger things are undoubtedly occur
ring. Rumors point to impending hostil
ities between Bulgaria and Servla. There
is no doubt that both are massing troops
on the frontiers.
"It looks Impossible, however, that war
should occur, because neither country
possesses the necessary financial sinews
and neither Russia nor Austria would
sanction such an outbreak."
PRIZE FOR A FLAG.
Mayor Phelan. Invites Competitive
3>esigns for a Municipal "Ensign. -
Mayor Phelan yesterday offered a prize
of $50 for the best design for a municipal
flag. The designs must be sent to hla of
fice before March 15 next. Park Com
missioner Stanton, Commissioner of Pub
lic Works Mendel and Supervisors Hotal
lng and Duboce have been appointed a
committee to pass on the design which
will be recommended for adoption to the
Board of Supervisors.
The Mayor states that the CO which he
has offered represents a prize which he
won In a contest for the best article on
the subject "Making Corporations Pay
Their Taxes," which he had written for
an Eastern publication.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
PAYS MILLIONS
To Talk Health to the Public
A short time ago the advertising man-
ager of the Posturn Cereal Co., Ltd., at
Battle Creek, Mich., furnished this pa-
per with a statement as follows: "We
receive in some single months 1200 to
1500 letters from people explaining their
experience with coffee drinking, which
would interest any physician or any per-
son making the subject of health a study
(and that is really a very important sub-
ject for every one). Many of these letters
Rive the details of how the writer, hav-
ing been ill for months, and in some
cases for years, without discovering the
cause of illness, has finally been led to
fufpect that coffee (which is really a
drug) has been the cause, and in order
to prove for their own satisfaction, have
abandoned coffee and taken up Postum
Food Coffee, with remarkable results in
many cases.
The most common ailments from cof-
fee are headache, general nervous pros-
tration and stomach trouble. Many
times a blotchy complexion is the re-
sult, and a very large number speak of
serious kidney troubles that have been
set up. which disappear when coffee is
left off and Postum Food Coffee taken
in its place; but the range of disorders
to the human system is very wide, and
directly points to the effect of coffee on
the nervous system, which locates in
some one or more of the different or-
gans of the body.
It is plainly evident that any person
suffering from lung trouble, catarrh,
heart trouble, bowel complaint, pain in
the back of the head or at the top of the
fpinal column, female troubles, and a
wide range of difficulties will be surely
and permanently helped if coffee is left
out of the diet and Postum Food Cof-
fee taken up. The reason is as clearly
marked out as any plain conclusion
that the mind can reach, and is abso-
lutely proven by personal test. Coffee
is a distinct poison, to many people,
often slow and insidious, but sure.
Leaving it off will remove the cause of
the trouble, and, on the other hand, if
Postum Food CaQet is taken up, the
natural elements which exist in it. and
which are selected from the grains of
the field intended by Nature for rebuild-
ing the nervous system, will make
themselves shown in increased strength,
vitality and health.
We feel that we have a clear right to
tell these facts over and over again to
the public and to ask them "to make
trial for themselves, in order to prove
the truth of our statements." The sub-
ject is worth the attention of every one
interested in physical and mental
health.
CITY PRISON STAFF.
Captain Seymour Follows His Chief
in Making Certain Changes,
The changes made by Chief Sullivan
Monday have resulted in other changes
by Captain Seymour in the City Prison
etaff. Owing to the removal of Sergeant
Wolf, who was commissary in the prison.
Policeman W. J. J. Shaw, who has for
nearly a dozen years been turnkey at the
prison, has been assigned to take the po
sition of corsniijrary vacated by Wolf.
Shaw has proved himself a faithful and
efficient officer, and his promotion is well
oo*erved. Policeman Con Donohoe will
tiikf Shaw's place as turnkey.
Another change has been made so that
the three desk sergeants and their turn
keys will alternate eight hours each day
end night. Hitherto Sergeant Llndhelmer
r.as been assigned to the day watch from
t a. m. to 4 p. m.. but now he will have
to taite his turn with the other two ser
poants in the other watcWs.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
TO OBSERVE THE DAY
To-morrow night the local membership
of the order of Knights of Honor will, un
der the auspices of the Past Dictators'
Association, celebrate the anniversary of
the birth of Washington by a patriotic
literary and musical entertainment Jn the
large hall of the B'nai B'rith building.
The hall will be decorated with the em
blematic banners and colors of the ordar.
The programme will include an ad-
PRESIDENT A. M. MACPHERSON.
dress on "A Century After Washing
ton," by the Rev. Jacob Voorsanger;
comic songs, by little Claire Fex; recita
tion, by William J. Cleary; violin selec
tions, by Henry o. Larsen; tenor solo, by
C. M. Elliott of the Knickerbocker Quar
tet, and vocal selections by Mrs. Tenny.
The affair will be under the charge of the
following committee of arrangements:
M. L. Crowe, chairman; A. M. Macpher
son, president of the association; R. H.
Noble, past president; Prescott L. Archi
bald, vice president: Charles Lampe,
treasurer; Charles G. Schaefer, secretary;
Thomas Johnstone, reporter; B. I, Salo
mon, assistant grand dictator; E. F. Joy,
past grand dictator, and R. A. A. Sum
mers, district deputy. The affair is strict
ly invitational.
DANCED IN THE
POST CLUBHOUSE
Reception to Mrs. R. F.
Gardener at the
Presidio.
The young wife of Lieutenant Rogers F.
Gardener of Light Battery C, Third Artil
lery, was given a reception by the young
bachelor officers of the Presidio last even
ing. The affair was* made the occasion
of hex formal introduction into the social
circles of the post. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Gardener, returned from their honeymoon
a week ago, and It was Intended that two
weeks should elapse before the reception
to the young couple, but there are many
affairs, both social and in the line of duty,
just now, and so the time was set for last
evening. The telephone an dthe orderlies
were called into service and the affair
was given at once. ¦ ¦
The bachelor officers In charge of the
reception were: Lieutenant John C. Ray
mond, Lieutenant Wallace B. Scales, Lieu
tenant William Forse and Lieutenant
Ralph P. Brower. All the officers and
ladies of the Presidio, of the stations
around the bay and from department
headquarters, besides a number of ladles
and gentlemen from the city, were in
vlted v Nearly eighty accepted, but the in
clemency of tho weather reduced this
The band of the Third Artillery was
brought over from Angel Island to play
for the dancing. The hall was charac
teristically decorated, the guests were
bright, the gowns were handsome and the
reception proved a success. Among those
invited were:
Major and Mrs. Smith, Colonel fiskridpe.
Major Lockwood. Captain Joseph Calif, Mra.
H. B. Freeman, Mrs. Bookmlller, lieutenant
and Mrs. "W. T. McNalr. Captain and Mrs.
Charles A. Bennett, Lieutenant and Mrs. H.
]]. Nelfion, Miss Ducat, Miss Black, Miss Mar
garet Cole, Miss Duval, Miss Smith, Miss Car
oline Smith, Mrs. O'Hara. Miss Kitty O'Hara.
Major and Mrs. 11. J. Gallagher, Colonel and
Mrs. M. P. Maus. Colonel and Mrs. J. B. Bab
cock, Captain and Mrs. Sedgwlck Pratt. Lieu
tenant Spaldlnr, Lieutenant Scott, Lieutenant
Miriam, Miss McFarland. Miss Bessie Center.
Miss MclKinnld. Lieutenant and Mrs. James
S. Parker. CaDtaln and Mr*. A. \V. Klmball.
Major and Mrs. W. S. 11. Matthews. Dr. and
Mrs. Pedlar. Lieutenant and Mrs. Le Roy El
tinKe. I>r. Clark. Dr. Collins, Dr. Murtagh.
Dr. Stunkard, Captain and Mrs. Henry Shaw,
Mrs. Oale, Captain and Mrs. Klon F. Wllcox,
Captain and Mrs. Frank West, Miss Cochrane,
Lieutenant and Mrs. H. C. Evans. Captain and
Mm. H. C. Davis, Captain and Mrs. Whiting,
U. 8. N., Mr. White, Mr. Hart, Major L. H.
Rucker. Captain and Mrs. U.. O. McAlexander,
Major and Mm. P. F. Harvey, Captain and
Mrs. George T. Bartlett and others.
Among the ladies were many whose
husbands are now serving in Manila.
FUN FURNISHED
AT THE ALCAZAR
THE PRODIGAL FATHER" has a
plot of its own. rich with oppor
tunities for industrious comedians.
With a good road company it
ought to be a howling success. As
it is done by the people at the Alcazar it
is very comfortably entertaining. The fun
grows with the play Just as it should and
the working out of the story to a genu
inely humorous climax Is legitimate and
consistent.
The first act of "The Prodigal Father"
is smilable; its mid-section is mirthy and
comic situations abound in its final di
vision. The farce is not only ingeniously
contrived, but the author (bless him;
makes his characters express themselves
exceedingly well.
Of the company Ernest Hastings does
not saunter through the play as is his
wont in fashion-plate parts, but acts with
spirit and graj?pn a great many of the
comic possibilities that are held out to
him. He might make more of his im
personation of the Cannibal King of the
Wamwams, but he does a capital black
face specialty as it is.
The "crushed tragedian" has been a
butt for 10, these many years, yet there
Is more than the ordinary allotment of
humor in the character of Catestoy Duff
and George Webster, who goes at it in
the right way, brings most of It out. His
work in so good as to be almost distin
guished. Mary Hampton, emotional act
ress, has a broad comedy part, wears
sporty clothen, unes slang and sings and
dances a few. In her "lignt-heavyweight"
way she acts with abanaon and seems to
enjoy It.
May Blayney. she of the delightful
voice and fascinating air of refinement,
shows little of the actress in an ingenue
part, and Laura Crews, whose charm
seems to be half in her lisp and half in
her unusual physiognomy, does nothing
very well. Jeffrey Williams proves more
dependable with each new character and
Howard Scott does one of his stereotype
stage prelates as the Rev. Smiles. Stan
ley Rom has evidently been taught to act,
but all he has learned he should forget
as Quickly as possible.
Considering all the difficulties of stock
company work the Alcazar has a very
worthy list of "capables," most of whom
are safely above the equator of medloc
city. PORTER GARNETT.
•• • j
"Aladdin Jr.," David Henderson's fa
mous extravaganza, has proved such a
success at the Grand Opera-house that
the management intends to < give it a
"fourth edition." The third week is now
on. and judging by "the large audiences
that undeterred by rainy weather, have
attended the performances of the past
two nights the theater will be crowded
the balance of the week. New specialties
have been Introduced which are as pleas
ing as surprising. Edith Mason has a
number of acceptable songs, to which she
does ample Justice; little Maud Sorenson
charms her listeners with her singing and
graceful dancing; Hattie Belle Ladd's
voice Is heard In sweet song and other
fair members of the company win ap
plause by clever work.
Wlnfred Goff as Chow Chow makes the
most of his part and his catchy song about
a Chinese bill of fare is as funny as it is
musical. The "Irish Cakewalk" creates a
great deal of laughter. Arthur Wooley.
aided and abetted by the male chorus
dressed inappropriate costume, does a turn
that Is quite funny. William Wolff eings
many verses of "Moses Levy Kohn" and
his Hebraic asides win great favor with
come of his listeners. The Hawaiian Sex
tet stand outside the great, wall of China
and sing a number of quaint native melo
dies, which are roundly encored.
be nothing compared with those at either
of the other places and I have refused to
go to Stanford unless they give ua a
$500 guarantee. This they have refused
and so there will be no games unless they
meet us In a spirit of reasonable conces
sion. We have had an offer from the
Pomona College and may accept that if
Stanford continues to refuse and we will
not go to Stanford as matters now stand."
second vice president; Ben Harris of Car
son Lodge, treasurer; Israel J. Ascheim
of Golden Gate Lodge, secretary; Simon
Hochstadter of Marysville Lodge, Julius
Platshek of Ophir Lodge and Max Mar
cuse of Oakland Lodge, trustees; David
Davids of Pacific Lodge, Bergeant-at
arms: Sol Meyer of Ophir Lodge, messen
ger: Dr. S. S. Kahn of Amity Lodge, chief
medical examiner; Marcus Levy, Albert
Elkus, H. P. Bush. Jacob Greenbaum,
Abraham Jonas, Jacob Nieto, Edmund
Tauszky and Slg Slchel. delegates to the
Constitution Grand Lodge, which is to
meet in Chicago. The officers were in
stalled by D. S. Hirshberg, past grand
president.
The following: were selected as the
members of the district court: J. Green
baum, Henry Schwartz. Edmund Tauszky,
Hugo K. Asher and Wallace A. Wise.
WILL SING AND DANCE
FOR SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE
Benefit Entertainment Under the
Auspices of the Paulist
Fathers.
A grand minstrel entertainment will be
given to-night in Native Sons' Hall, on
Mason street. In aid of the Seamen's
Catholic Institute. The benefit will be
under the Immediate direction of the
Paulist Fathers. Their object in giving
the entertainment is to attempt the liqui
dation of a debt of $400 that now encum
bers the institute; also, if possible, raise
enough above this amount to establish
a complete library, a lecture-room, a
chapel and a gymnasium for the use of
seamen, irrespective of creed, color or
race.
The Catholic Truth Society, under the
auspices of which the Institute was estab
lished, found that It was Incapable of
properly furthering the undertaking, and
consequently accepted the offer of the
Paullsts rather than see the Institute abol
ished. • Preparations for the benefit are
now complete and all arrangements ready
to present One of the best programmes
ever rendered outside the big local thea
ters. The talent is the best amateur and
professional that can be obtained in the
city. From "Pete" Howell (one of Bar
num's star performers) down to the chorus*
singers every man is a star. in his par
ticular line of work. The Columbia quar
tet has been especially engaged for the
occasion, and during the performance
each member of it will be heard at hla
best in individual selections.
The programme to be presented In part
is as follows:
Interlocutor— George Cheney.
Bones— Pete Howell, Ed Hogan, Freder
ick O'C'onnell.
Tambos— Elton Lambert, Ed Krelss,
Dennie Jordan.
Soloists— J. C. Flood, first tenor; G. J.
Wallace, second tenor; W. C. Rlley, tenor;
George Cheney, baritone; J. J. Colgan,
babs.
Overture, orchestra; opening chorus. Up
to Date Medley, arranged by M. 8. Kra
mer, company; song, "I Thought My Gal
Was Warm," Fred J. O'Connell; tenor
solo. "Without Thee," George J. Wallace;
comic song "O Rachel Goldstein." D. Jor
dan;baritone solo."Holy City," G. Cheney;
song, "11 I Want Is Ma Chicken," Ed
Hogan; tenor solo, "Lost, Happy Days,"
J. C. Flood: song, "I'd Leave My Happy
Home for lou" (by request), Ed Kriess;
bass solo, "Asleep in trie Deep," J. J.
Colgan; song, "I'm the Father of a Little
Black Coon," Peter Howell; tenor solo,
"Georgia Rose," W. C. Riley; song, "I've
Got Chicken on the Brain." Elton Lam
bert: song, "The Handicap March" (in
costume). William (Kid) Nelson; grand
finale. "Soldiers In the Park/ by the en
tire company, assisted by Frank Pohl,
drum major. League of the Cross Band.
Olio— Cakewalk, Stewart and Stewart,
champion cakewalkers of the Pacific
Coast; monologue. Dr. J. P. McCarthy;
vocal solo (selected). Dr. James F. Smith;
baton evolutions, Frank Pohl.
Among the patronesses of the Seamen's
Institute are: Mrs. Parrott, Mrs. Hearst.
Mrs. M. H. de Young. Mrs. Casserly, Mrs.
Tobin, Mrs. Irwin, Mrs. Deane. Mrs. J. M.
Burnett. Mrs. Judge McKinstry, Mrs. Dr.
de Vecchi. Miss Hagar, Mrs. Lough
borough, Miss Salazar, Miss Mary Mellis,
Mrs. William H. Taylor. Mrs. P. J. White,
Mrs. Seymour. Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs.
Samuel Rainey. Mme. de Lalande. Mrs.
Joseph Donohoe, Miss Mary Hearst, Mrs.
Joseph D. Grant and Mrs. Slevin.
Tickets for the entertainment will be on
sale at Sherman & Clay's music store ana
the Paulist Church to-day and at the
hall.
COLLEGIATE
FIELD DAY IS
DECLARED OFF
Berkeley and Palo
Alto Clash.
BERKELEY, Feb. 20.— The annual
intercollegiate field day, which
next to the football game is the
greatest contest between the two
colleges, has been declared off un
less Berkeley or Stanford yields to points
which they refused this evening.
There was a meeting this evening be
tween Manager Cantwell of the Stanford
track team and Manager Decoto of the
University of California track team, which
broke up with the assertion upon the part
of Manager Cantwell that If the field day
was not held on the Stanford track that
It would not be held at all, to which Man
ager Decoto replied that it would not be
held at all.
The intercollegiate field day is usually
held in April of each year, and Manrger
CRntwell came, to Berkeley to-night to
confer with Manager. Decoto over the
place where the events should be held.
Last year the games took place on the
Berkeley campus, and previous to that
they had always taken place on the Olym
pic Club grounds in San Francisco. Man
ager Cantwell of Stanford astounded the
Berkleyites by demanding that the ga.me3
be held on the Stanford track.
Manager Decoto said that he saw no
reason why the games should not be
held at Berkeley, more particularly as a
great deal of money had been expended
upon the Berkeley track. But the Stan
ford man was obdurate. He stood for
the Stanford track or none. Then Man
ager Decoto asked that the games be
Bent to the Olympic Club grounds, as of
old, but again the Stanford man said
"No."
Finally Manager Decoto proposed a
peace conference and arbitration. He
asked that the matter be left in the
hands of an arbitration committee, to be
composed of Professor Richardson of
Stanford, Professor Bacon of Berkeley
and John Elliott of the Olympic Club.
This bade fair to succeed until Professor
Baqon was appealed to and refused to
serve.
Peace Conference Failed.
Then It was proposed that it be left to
Mr. Elliott as an arbitration committee
of one, but Mr. Elliott refused to serve.
Then Mr. Decoto proposed to leave it to
the Stanford University faculty .athletic
committee, but by this time It was
"Stanford or bust*' with the Stanford
manager, and with Mr. Decoto declaring
that It is "Bust" the matter stands.
This is the outcome of a long series of
wrangles between the two colleges over
this field day. When the programme of
events was arranged Berkeley suddenly
found that by adroit management the
100-yard, 220-yard and 440-yard dashes had
been made to follow each other. This pre
vented Drumm, the Berkeley champion,
who runs in all these races, from taking
part in all successfully and by tiring htm
out in the first race and bringing off the
others in quick succession would Injure
his chances. Berkeley fought this suc
cessfully and now Stanford has demanded
that the field day be held on their track.
Berkeley has demanded a $500 guarantee
in such an event, for the gate receipts at
Stanford would be small compared to
those in San Francisco or even In
Berkeley. , . ...
"It would be financial suicide to hold
the games at Stanford," said Manager
Decoto this evening, "yet they seem de
termined to force us to go there. It seems
to be the sentiment of the students here
that we have no field day rather than to
go to Stanford. The track at Stanford is
not as good as that at Berkeley or in
San Francisco. The gate receipts would
SLIGHT RAILROAD
ACCIDENT AT TRACY
STOCKTON, Feb., 20.— Thera was a
bloodless railroad accident at Tracy about
5 o'clock this morning. A Pullman sleep
ing-car was being switched from a Loa
Angeles passenger train to wait for an
other train. A freight train was Juat
pulling out of Tracy, and through a mis
understanding of the signals the Pullman
was struck by the freight and tipped oft
the track.
There was a brisk firs burning In the
sleepingcar stove, and the car would un
doubtedly have been ablaae In a few
minutes but for a patent device attached
to the stove which extinguished the lira
in it as soon as the car upset.
People came to the rescue of the Im
prisoned passengers, immediately llber
atrng them by breaking through the ends
of the car with axes. Only two of the
four passengers were found to have been
hurt.
One of them, a gentleman from Port
land, had his shoulder dislocated, and
the other, Tom Fitch Jr., of this city had
one of his knees sprained.
ALLEGED HORSE THIEF
SURRENDERS TO OFFICERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO. Cal.. Feb. 20.— Walter Morri
son, better known an "Buzz" Morrison,
the young man charged with horse steal
ing and who has so successfully eluded
the pursuing officers for the past week by
hiding in the mountains, rode into town
to-day and surrendered himself to the
authorities. His defiant bearing about
town was attended with not a little ex
citement. Both town officials were still in
the mountains in search of the fugitive.
Morrison denies any direct connection
with the affair. In answer to a question
put by a Call representative as "to what
he knew of the theft he replied that a
half-breed Indian named William Swear
lnger stole the horse, sold It and got all
the proceeds of the unlawful sale him
self. Frank Shaw, a prominent rancher
and the owner, of the horse. Is the prose
cuting witness and asserts positively that
Morrison Is guilty.
Felix Garcia Passes Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 20.— Felix Garcia,
once one of the most prominent figures in
Marti County, died at his home here to
day. The deceased was over 85 years of
age. All his vast estates had vanishes
years before his demise and for Some
time previous to his death the county
had provided for him.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— 1f the prediction of Mme.
Emma Nevada comes true Mills College will
p roduce another songstress who will rank with
Nevada and Barna. When the prima donna
visited her alma mater some weeks ago she heard
Miss Beulah George of the class of '39 sing. The
strength and value of the voice at once struck the
great singer, and with a desire to add another star
to the vocal constellations she urged Miss George
to give up her life to song. She told the young lady
that there were qualities In her voice that made
success inevitable. That such notice should be given
a young and but partly trained voice Is a great
compliment, and It will probably result in forming
Miss George's future.
DEDICATES HER VOICE TO OPERA.
GIVEN NOTICE BY THE NEVADA.
HAS OPERA FOR HER AMBITION.
IS STUDYING SACRED SONG.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 20. — Miss Margaretha
Bruntsch, popular in local society, la fitting
herself for concert and operatic singing and
expects soon to start on a professional career.
Miss Bruntsch has received high praise from the
critics. She possesses a genuine contralto voice of
depth and clearness and a range suitable for oper
atic work. Her Interpretation is pronounced excel
lent. She is talented also as an elocutionist and
a thorough knowledge of the piano has given her a
good foundation for the operatic work she contem
plates doing. Miss Bruntsch made her first appear
ance in public at Sherman-Clay Hall. San Fran
cisco. In September last. Since then she has sung
solos at the Mlnetti concerts and in some of the
prominent churches. She is the daughter of Mrs.
Clementina Bruntsch of 2061 Central avenue.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 20.— Miss Emellne.Colllschonn.
daughter of Mrs. Helen M. Colllachonn of 1103
Regent street, is the possessor of a sweet so
prano voice, which has been heard and favor
ably received by a number of Alameda audiences.
Miss Colllschpnn is a member of the Hughes Club,
one of the most popular choral organizations In
Oakland, in which she takes a most prominent
part. She 13 extravagantly fond of song and has for
her ambition In the musical world a development of
her voice for church singing. Consequently she has
directed her studies toward sacred music. Her
voice is particularly adapted for this line of work.
She has taken part in several church entertain
ments in Alameda. and will continue her studies in
sacred song until she achieves her great ambition.
HLAMEDA. Feb. 20.— 1t is the Intention of Miss
Edythe Parlser. whose singing in Alameda
II — Aand elsewhere has been favorably criticised, to
adopt the operatic stage as a profession. Her
instruction in vocalization is being directed by
Madame Rossi. Her voice Is of a sweet and pure
quality of yoprano, soft and pathetic. She has a
range sufficient for operatic work. When the opera
"lolanthe" was produced several months ago for the
benefit of E. D. Crandall Miss Pariser took the lead-
Ing role. Am lolanthe she scored a decided hit by her
fine interpretation of the music and intelligent act
ing of her part. She was one of the soloists in "The
Messiah," given by the choir of the Congregational
Church, and has eung soloa In many of the local
churches.
ALAMEDA COUNTY YOUNG LADIES
AND THEIR ARTISTIC AMBITIONS
THE SAX FRANCISCO GAI/li, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
HIS BUSINESS
RUINED BY THE
MARBLE TRUST
Charles Rodd Seeks
Heavy Damages.
Charles Rodd, a marble dealer, will
commence suit this morning against the
California Marble. Granite and Sandstone
Dealers' Association, otherwise known as
the marble trust, for $25,000 damage?.
Rodd alleges that the trust, by conspiring
against him, has practically ruined hi*
business. The following dealers have been
made defendants to the suit:
Ira P. Allen. Amador Marble Company. B.
3. Barrett, y. J. Hack. Huiman A Barker, W.
W. Hlanchard, 11. lirennan. Byrne Brother*,
Carroll & McUuchlin, Carlaw Brothers, O. S.
Calderwood, J. Catto. M. T. Carroll & Sons
Company, A. \V. Ccmbs, 11. H. Cop?, B. Co
::. vt h. John Daniel, John Daniel & Co , P. J.
L>e«a.n. Ijemichelll. Scfcule & Co., B. W. Din
neen, M. binneen. blckaon, Woodhnll A
Cramer; Donohoe & Brannan, D. Falconer,
Fisher A Kinalow. William Grow. David Grif
fith. Adam Hannah, Charles Hawthorne, E. F.
Ilebener, Frank HeSl. T. B. Jafknon, N. O.
jFweU. John I). Allen. Marshall W. Jones,
toward W. Jone*, JLt&jrton IS. Jones and Hush
J. M. Jones. Johnson Polishing Works, C. H.
Jones, J. F. Kelly. J. J. Kelly. Lane Brothers,
11. J. L4cyd. A. H. MftcKutt. F. A. Maertrettl.
Oeoree g. Mathewv. Molennan *c O'Nell. W. H.
MoOormlck. P. I>. iSullany. Joseph Musto and
Ciarerioe Musto, Newman * Wing, Oak Hill
Granite Co., Raymond Granite Co., Georre
Robertson. 1). A. Roberts. Roche & Son, Wil
liam O'Brien. A. Ps.ltin*hl & Co.. Andrew
Paltinghl. ar.d Thomas Malno, Rocklln
Granite Company. William Robbie, Rufttni &
Blanchl, Ser^gr.l & Bernlert, San Francisco
Marble and Granite Company, Daniel Sheerin,
Thomu Pheerln and I>aniel Sheerin Jr.. Simp
•"n-Pirnie Granite Company. D. Zlrllo. C. J.
Zulk. California Marble. Granite and Sandstone
L>eaJer«' Association.
After recounting his troubles with the
trust, Rodd in his complaint say* that
he managed to secure copies of several
resolutions passed by the combine and
which were aimed at the dealers who re
fused to become members of the associa
tion. One resolution, which forms part of
the complaint, reads as follows:
Whereas. There are men that are Irresponsi
ble and an Injury to the stone business, and
are not eligible to thin association, from whom
the members of this association must be pro
tected; therefore be It
Resolved, That all members of this associa
tion will decline to employ any letterer, cutter
or polikher who will Iptter. cut or polish for
ar.y one not •llrible to membership in this as
eoclatlon without first settin* the consent of
this association; and be it further
Revolved, That all members of this associa
tion notify all letterers, cutters and polishers
f this rule of the association.
Injure the Trade.
Another resolution passed by the asso
ciation, and which is also attached to the
complaint, reads as follows:
Whereas. There are so-called dealers who do
a vast injury to the trade as a whole, from the
Tact that they fail in jaylng their bills and are
thrreby enab'.ej to underbid the honest ones
that &o so, and to met this condition of things
It Is therefore
Resolved, and shall become a rule. That there
b» a special committee appointed by the chair
annually end convlrtlnr of five members, and
to be called the "Rating Committee," and
whose office and duties shall be to take cog
r.lzance of such complaints as may be brought
to th^lr notice, and after careful investigation
a.r.d without prejudice submit their report of
fame, with their recommendations, at any reg
ular meeting of this association, and members
1 r vote in their regular form shall decide the
question whether such a dealer shall any longer
!•<» considered as worthy of being recognised
a« a bona fide one, or no and by such decl
aim the wholesale dealers shall and must be
fctoverned.
Prays for Heavy Damages.
Rood also asks that the association be
disbanded and that the members be en
jolned from further conspiring and act
ir.g together to maintain rules and regu
lations and rates and prices whereby he
is prohibited from buying marble, gran
ite or sandstone or any of the articles
made or manufactured therefrom in the
open market at the normal market price.
Archibald Campbell and Judge jitraes
Hall are attorneys for plaintiff.
Have You Been Deceived?
"Wnen 70a wanted a bottle of
NATURAL APERIENT , VATER,
Did your Druggist ghre y°« a cheap sobstttttte, because he made a few cents
more profit ? J« "Will you believe those **j«rt as good " stories -when you
know that "HUNYADIJANOS" U the only genuine Hunyadl Vater?
I ' ASK YOUR PHYSICIAN.
Hewfll recommend it as other eminent phyddana have for many yean. /
9EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMAIE.
WOMAN "wishes work by the day; no cards.
Call at 624 Chestnut St., between Taylor and
Mason. : . . ..*;—: - ... '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109 i va-
lencla «t.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has bean openea
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tne
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Jten-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- — MAIjE.
WANTED— Position In small grocery store,
with or without bar; experience in both; high-
est references; small wages. Address box
4261, Call offlce.
GARDENER, thoroughly competent man.
• wishes situation for orchard, nursery or large
private place; no triflers. A. V., Swiss Hotel.
627 • Commercial st.
YOUNG experienced bedmaker and porter with
beat ¦ reference wishes a place. Address box
4256, Call office. ¦ ' ' ¦¦
GOOD barber wants steady work in city; state
wages. Box 4244. Call offlce.
WANTED— By a practical man and wife, posi-
tion as ranch, manager: reliable and compe-
tent. Box 4240. Call offlce. ¦ •
POSITION on ranch by married man; \ been
foreman 5 years; thorough vlneyardlst: car-
penter; blacksmith; wife good plain cook. G.
E., box 4245. Call offlce. ___
A BOY wants a position as errand or bellboy.
Address 1011 Minna st.
REFINED Japanese schoolboy wants a situa-
tion in a noble family. 1010 Pine St., Japanese
Mission. - -:..'-,-
YOUNG German engineer and machinist wants
employment. Address H. G.. 811 Bryant st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashltr or
otherwise. Address Spreckels. box 4203. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Rubscrlptlona has been established at 1096 Va-
- lencla st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1228 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest, corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tnrkv »tn.: nrx^n until Sn. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
OEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107 m Market st.: examination free: Oarman
eyewater by mull. 60c. Phone. Mint 267.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
627 Larkln: 6 r....522 501916 Buchanan;s r. 15 00
'2937 Cal.: -5 r 15 001636 Hermann: 5r.15 00
BOWIE aye.. 6. off Eleventh st.— Flat of 3
rooms; bay window and hall; cheap rent.
GROVE. E27. bet. Octavla and Leguna— Lower
flat; 4. rooms and yard; rent $10.
IF you want to move get printed lUt flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NOE. 105— Elegant new modern upper corner
flat; 6 rooms, bath, basement, yard, 3 bay
windows.
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
toilet: 2 beds: gns and coal stoves. 1917 Geary.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
COMPLETE newly furnished upper flat of 6
rooms; fine upright piano for sale; flat for
rent. Box 4258. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELLED Iron beds, all sizes, $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard; 7-piece bedroom set, $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310, 1312 Stockton St.,
near Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
TWO beds, with mattresses, and washstand.
cheap. 1837 McAllister gt. ; no dealers.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessla 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. B. CODY (late with J. T. Terry ft Co.) buys
furniture, enrpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3351.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money In this; Investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth St., Oakland.
AGENTS In each county on coast; permanent
work and territory; article a seller. HER-
RICK, 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanißlaus; money in this; Investigate.
CLARK, 751 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS In each county on coast: permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER.
RICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by his son: most liberal terms; Bend 250
for handsome outfit, showing styles of binding
and over 40 illustrations. R. R. Patterson,
publishers' agent. 429 Montgomery st.. S. F.
WANTED— Energetic agents; ladles and gen-
tlemen: in every county in the State for a
rapid selling article. 6 Birch aye.. S. F.
HARPER ft BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELTj. 206 Kearny st.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
6 waitresses, city and country. $25. $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $6 week; 3 lunch and din-
ner waitresses, $5 week; chambermaid, $6
week and room; chambermaid to wait, flrst-
class house, $20
FAMILY ORDERS.
German second girl, $25, short distance !n
country; cook, short distance In country, $30;
5 cooks, country, $25. $20; 2 plain seamstresses,
13 50 week; 25 housegirls, city, $25, $15. C. R.
HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st. .
WANTED— 2 Ironers. $9 a week, room and
board: cook, 2 in family, $30: Scandinavian
cook, $35, no waeh; 4 cooks, German style, $23.
$30; 3 e£_>nd girls, $20. $25; housegirls. Ala-
meda, £T; Berkeley. $25; Santa Ro»a $25;
Belvedere, $25; head waitress, $25; 3 hotel
waitresses, $20;.. chambermaids and wait-
resses $20. country and city. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 316 Sutter St.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, country," small hotel, $30. fare here; cook
for a small hotel, country. $20; housekeeper.
country. $17. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
GERMAN Protestant woman for housekeeper;
good home; country. Call after 2 o clock at
grocery store, 232 Ninth st.
NEAT, reliable girl to assist In housework
assist in small bakery; wages from $10 to $12.
Apply at 1508 Church et.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care for baby year old; $8. Ap-
ply 300 Hayes Bt.
WANTED-Competent girl for general house-
work; wages $20; references required. Call
between 9 and 12. 1917 Baker st. ¦
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 1904 But-
ter st. - ¦„ -•- -
WANTED— Young girl to wait at tables; expe-
rlence not necessary; $4. 680 Fourth st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom vests. 839
Fifth «t.
NEAT girl, 14 to 16, to take care of children.
Call 2710 California st.
AN apprentice on custom coats ; must hay«
some experience, 411% Kearny st. top floor.
GIRL for light housework. 746. Harrison st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. . ' ' . '
LADY stenographer and typewriter wanted at
once; state salary. Box 4254. Call offlce.
GIRL for housework; plain washing: wages $12
to $15. 1920 Butter Bt. ,
APPRENTICE wanted for dressmaking. _o£
Hayes at. .... ¦ - -'
GIRL for light housework; wages $8. 3143H
Sixteenth st., corner Guerrero.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework. 2123 Pine st.
•APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove st*. . '
YOUNG German girl for light housework and
care of children. 1351 Eleventh aye.
YOUNG glrlfor general housework; small fiat;
wages $15. 1528 McAllister st. . , - -. •
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 5H
Kearny st., room 18, top floor. ' - -. ¦
WANTED— Finisher, -; also apprentice, on cus-
tom coats; steady work. ;744 Folsom St.- - • '.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work in Levl Strauss ft Co.'s
overall' factory, 32 H Fremont st. , MR. DA-
VIS, Supt. . *
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines;- experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 86 Vj Fremont st. ; elevator.
FIRBT-CLASB finishers and buttonhole makers;
also apprentices. 135 Natoma st. ,-.»-..; ;
GIRL to work In shooting gallery. Call II ra.,
; 424;Duaont st. ' ,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 222Q Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sis. : open until 9 p. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
"G-^Y^STT
50 scraper teamsters, holders, loaders/ and
dumpmen for the Coast R, R-, Ban Barbara
Co.; free fare «....a.
M coal miners for New Mexico, special rates
of fare; 10 single hand quartz miners, $3 60 a
day; 6 farmers, near city, $26 and board; 2
coal miners, near city, see boss here; 2 men
about place. $20 and $25 •
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and. pastry cook for springs. $75; cook,
country restaurant. $50: bread baker, country
'.'shop, $40; polisher, country laundry, $45;
lroner, $30; marker and distributer, country
laundry. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary.
PORTER and gardener for summer resort, $2&.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary St.
EMPLOYERS :DO AS OTHERS DO
35,000 EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Do now send their orders to MURRAY ft
READY, 634 and 636 Clay at., for skilled and
unskilled help; MURRAY ft READY have
each person listed for situation for which, ha
Is Individually adapted.
Help furnished free of charge..—....
MURRAY ft READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
15 waiters $40, $30, $25. $20 found
6 cooks $50. $35. $30. $40 found
German young man, delicacy store.. s4o found
Dishwashers, porters, laundrymen. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— TO FARMS. .DAIRIES. .PRIVATE RESD.
26 farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. s3o, $26, $25
$20 and found for all parts of California....
16 milkers, butter makers $35, $30, $25 found
Choreman and milk 7 cows, make butter for
private residence on ranch $35 and found
6 young men, aged 19 to 30, to pull rhu-
barb, hoe and make themselves otherwise
useful (no experience wanted) $17 50 found
9 choremen and boys for farms.. s23, $20, $10 fd
2 men, private families $20 and found
8 men to plow 1-horße, cultivate and burn
brush In a vineyard, fare $1 25.. 518 and found
3 road teamsters $30, $26 found
5 prune—, vineyards and orchards. .s26 found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARMER and wife, "see boss here". .s4o fd
2 farmers and wives for vineyards — $40 fd
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 26 GOLD and coal miners. $75 month. $3 to
$3 60 day. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and
636 Clay s^ .
A— 3 MILK wagon drivers.... s3o, $25, $20 found
2 boys for stores, etc., olty $4 and $3 week
Buggy washers and stablemen. MURRAY ft
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BLACKSMITHS and wheelwrights... s4s fd
Also helpers, shoemakers. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 265 WOODCHOPPERS and tie makers, $2 60,
$2, $1 and 75c cord, 12c, lie, 10c each. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Former who can do some black-
smlthlng and wife. $35: blacksmith's helper.
$45 and Increase; milkers. $25: farmer, cream-
ery butter maker, $40 and found: 2 more
miners, $2 60 day; woodchoDpers, $1 75 and
$2 75 cord; cooks, waiters, dishwashers, por-
ters and others. J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man living with parents to
do Janitor work In a nice building; wages
$6 per week. W. D. EWER ft CO.. 610 Clay. \
AN errand boy: $12 per month; must have
references. MISS CULI—NAN. 323 Sutter at.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only "legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ- !
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Steady man, satisfied with $15 to
$13 per week, to keep plain accounts and as-
sist in light work; small capital required.
1016 Market st.. room 10. ' •. '
WANTED— A boy with some experience to as-
sist in grocery and bar; state references, age
and wages expected. Address box 550. Call.
GENERAL tailor for the country. J. BADM-
GARTNER ft CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
CARRIAGE woodworker; steady Job. WAL-
COM BROS., 217 Elite st.
EXPERIENCED shop cutter on clothing. 20
Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS barber for 15c shop; flrst-class
wages. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
BOY wanted In tin shop; age 16. Apply 7 to
9 at 633 Mission st.
WANTED — Shoemaker on custom repairs. 939%
Mission st.
WANTED— Energetic salesmen for city and
country to solicit business from consumers
for a large producing concern. Address, with
references, box 4213, Call offlce.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 662 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted at 626 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper, used to wagon
work. 1191 Folsom st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and hairdresslng
\rades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63S
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
Bt. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: 31 to $2 per week.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG men and sailors for deep sea and steam
whalers. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st >—
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. 8. F.
Barbers' School, 741 Howard Bt.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25a
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast.
. dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmor* st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED— Horse and wagon for fruit store:
must be cheap. Call northwest corner Twen-
ty-fourth and Hampshire sts.
FOR eale — Gentleman's road horse and blka
buggy. DALZJEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. Q. ay.
FINE gentle horses and new rubber-tired bug-
gles; $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
62 ROOMS: fine corner: clears $250 $1800
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.. 900
7-room house; only 150
• 24 rooms; easy payments, ..~. ....... &0O
32 rooms; corner; only 1200
10 rooms on O'Farrell 5t. .'..... 323
10 rooms on Taylor St.; worth $500. ....... 450
32 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4800
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms... 6500
Tel. John 61. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 1 667 Market st.
IB rms.; Post $75014 rms.: Ellis $800
24 rms.: N. side. 1250 15 rms.: S. side.... 350
- 40 rms. : nr. Orpheum. Mason, nr. Post.... 375
Money to loan at reduced rates.
A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market st.
$250— 10- ROOM lodging-house, near Market st. ;
rooms always full ; a good paying proposl-
• tion; rent $25. M. LESS. 765 Market st. ,
14 ROOMS, tt block off Market, snap $300
24 rooms; nice: clean $1300
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., nr. Call bldg.
LODGING-HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices: money loaned buyers. Rooms
1-2. 917 Market St. .
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying transient
house; north of Market; will stand Investiga-
tion. Pac. States Realty Co., 320 Parrott big.
875 WASHINGTON St., Oakland. 14-room house
for sale cheap; Call; see party.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE.' 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. . 130 Second St.: no agents. ¦
. HOUSES TO LET. . ~~
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent — House eight rooms, bath;. part fur-
nished: convenient to, trains; low rent. In-
quire 313 Fourteenth st, Oakland.
TO let— House, - 13 rooms; ¦ stable; 60 bearing
fruit trees; I blocks from station. P. GARD-
NER, Mill Valley, Oal.
-TO LET— Cafe privilege at Lurline Baths, Bush
and Larkln st*. Apply on premises.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
NEW $600 piano and furniture of 8-room hous«
for sale or rent; 1625 Webster st.. corner Sut-
ter. HOOKER & LENT. Agents; apply oa
premises^ '
large stock of Baldwin and other standarl
oianos- prices reduced to Insure prompt sale*.
W C/HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
M SLIGHTLY used high and medium grsda
pianos: special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings.^lelne Piano Mfg. Co.. 13« Ellis st.
noVT buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
SELL for storage— » uprights. $73: very fin.
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano: standard make; $_5;
call evenings. 1313 Powell st.
XV G BADGER 412 Sacramento st-. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencsr
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE Fischer * Steinway upright: sacrtflced.
KKEFFE"S. 1019 van Ness aye.. nr. Geary »t.
GOOD upright piano: nearly now; chea;x
HORNUNQ'S. 218 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: chaap. SCHMIT^, li
McAllister st.. next Hlbemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, z Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LJET.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposita City of
Parts. Stockton and Geary sta—Elegant aaw
offices and stores.
NEW corner, suitable for drugstore; fixtures
complete: cheap. Eighth aye. and Clement.
FOLSOM $70— Large sunny store, with S llvtn*
rooms. Apply H. UMBSEN & CO.
$20— STORE; 1 thow windows and 5 larga rooms;
adapted tr» any b«slne»» 423 Klxth st.
" P ALJIISTRY<
MME Neergaard. Pres. 6t. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to »¦ <1« Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
WILL gentleman who saw lady throw n from,
car and assisted her to her feet at Fulton
and Devisadero sts.. Feb. 14. at about 7:30 la
the evening, please send his nam» and ad-
dress to box 4255. Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothlngboughtand
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsoro; tel. Folsom 1191.
Bg-LE-OUDRr 18 yOT A t^dt.
BARBER wants wife. 28 years of age. to liv»
in mining camp. Address Postofflc* box
73.800. Phoenix. Aria.
I WILL not be- responsible for any d«bts con-
tracted for my wife. Mrs. Minnie Harti. oa
and after this date, --^
LEDERER, tha popular hairdresser. Is _•
leader In styles; latest modes. 250; manicur-
ing. 2So; you should watch for the Monday
sale prices; very low. 123 Stockton st.
OUR sprlnar goods are arriving: call and see-
our blue serge $15 ladles' tailor-made suits
at $1 per week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 13C«
Stockton St.. near Broadway: opea evenings.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessla at.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothlngboughtandl
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folaom; tel. Folsom 1191.
A— A— ELECTRIC massag* treatment remove*
wrinkles; free this week: I guarantee to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologist. l^OTMarkets^op^CltyHalU
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer In America; sketch of life and
prospects: send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO. P. O. box 5238. Boston.
Mass. m
A FINE suit to order $10 75 er pants $3 73: our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L» LEMO3.
1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; J33 Kearny. near Sacto:
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 B0 to $« per weak:
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Best published— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio.
LEADING theatrical snd masquerade co»-
tumers; make-up and nigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
PHYSICAL culture, massage, to ladles; private;
Mrs.Wagner.graduate masseuse. 10134 Larkln.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansoma st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. black 4120.
COLEMAN buys clothing, brie-a^bn ic, tools.
carpets, old gold; send for him. 606 Keamy.
WANTED— OId gold for manure O. NOLTE.
jeweler. 243 OTa-rrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORX. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS-
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES:
OSSD7ICATION :
HARD TUMORS J
_X,I» ABNORMAL ENLARO_M_NTB»
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
ECROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASE^
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cared where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNITS!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fr»«.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. SO7. 508 and M», P_«-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— OffIcw and resldeaca.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Bave nth.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
EASTON, ELDRTDOE ft CO..
(38 _— TkatStTMt.
RESIDENCES.
$7500— Large elegant modern residence, 11 rooms
and bath, attic, basement, stable; oa
Fine st.. near Pierce: sunny side street:
large lot, 42:4x137:6; $SCOO bank mortgage,
can remain.
$6000— Nice residence, on California sLieeU 7
rooms and bath; lot. 34:ix137:». alon*
worth tha money: must ba sold to elosa
an estate; submit offer.
$5250— Northeast corner on Plna St.; lot 27:8x113
feet: house 8 room and bath,
$1550— Forced sale; nice cottage 4 rooms, stable:
lot 30x114. on 29th St.: street bitum tmzed:
electric cars pass; $_0 ca_X balaaoe SIS
IXVESTMEXTS.
RENTS $1980 PER A3TXTTX.
$X.500— Large corner on Ellis st. ; t frontages;
both streets bitumen, near Van Ness aye. ;
lot 52x120 ft.
$15,000 — 40x150 feet, running from street to st— et.
near the corner of Mission and New
Montgomery streets: old improvements
rent for $105 per month.
$0500— 2 elegant modern flats, 7 and 5 rooms and
bath; rents $55 per month; on Scott St..
nr. Fe'.l, or will trade for city property.
$5000— 2 fine flats of < and 7 rooms and bath; on
sunny side Page st., nr. Scott; lot 23x100
feet.
$1600— On Shipley st., nr. 4th; I flats of 4 rooms;
rents $18 per month.
UNIMPROVED. -
$2000— Large lot. 30x117:6 feet, to rear street, on
best block on Dolores st., a few feet from
22d-st. cars.
$1150— Fine building lots; 15 minutes' ride fro ra
Market and Kearny sts.; electric cars
pass property; street bltumlnized; will
make terms to suit or build to suit pur-
chasers.
tlOOO— Fine building lots at corner 23th and Saa
Jose ayes.; streets bltumlnized.
EASTON, ELDRTDGE & C.
638 Market street.
A. M. SPECK ft CO.
LOAN MONEY.
<K7 Market at., opp. Ke&rny.
$30.000— Grand corner; 75 ft. front; H block
from Market st.. not far from Sixth: rents $300.
$75.000— Grand cor.. 60 ft., within block of
Baldwin; positively the- cneasest property
(downtown) in the city.
$35,000— Rare Investment: victnlty Powell and
Geary; 4-story brick building: stores and lodg-
ing-house above; 36 feet front.
$45,000— Corner; rents $400; modern Improve-
ments: lot 80x125 feet.
$26,500— Near Eddy and Jones; store and 29
rooms above: modern: pays 7 per cent net.
$24,000— Sixth st.; 73 feet front: rents $2400
yearly: good building: 4 stores.
$22.500— Third st.. about 325 feet from Market:
store and lodging-house: terms. *>i cash.
$?000— « elegant new flats; lot 50x100 ft.: all
rented for $84 a mo.; grand bargain.
$7Kffl— Stx good flats: rents $960 yearly; down-
town; lot 50 feet front.
$6000— Post st.; 3 good flats; rents $60; lot
27x110.
$3250— C0r. store and S-room flat;' rtats $37;
foreclosure.
$1750— Two nice flats: rents $1« 50.
$750—4) rooms and lot 45x72 ft.
A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 467 Market st.
A. M. SPECK ft CO..
'' 667 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Santa Fa ferry site:
SW. corner Folsom and Beale sts.: lot 92:1 x
137:6, with Improvement*. -
MODERN flats— $3800; containing 5 and S rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: 631 Waller St.. on*
F^N^ON?*Bul t lde < r? <1 ""^ "" """•
Z MODERN flats cheap; must sell account of
departure for Europe. . Xoguln 4i7 Ttbama.
tAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BrSIXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until _ o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
00— ier Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:SO p. m .
C 39 McAllister street: open until 9:XO p. m.
Cl 5 Lerkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
. IS4I Mission ttreet ; open until 10 p. m.
22£1 Market street, comer Sixteenth} open
until * p. in.
506 Eleventh street; opea until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p.m.
I_3 Polk street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-seoond and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
~ MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodfe No. 144. F. and A. m
il — orflcerf and members are request- r\ m
rj to attend the fun-.-rai of HERMAN itJK
BCHLAGKTER. late a member of Mar-/~ »
iposa Lode* No. 24, from the Masonic Tem-
r.le. THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m.
llaster Masons, relative* and friends are re-
spectfully invited. A. 6. HUBBARD. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A- ¦
M.— Degree second THIS fWEDNES- _#V_
3>AT) BVENINO. Feb. 21. at 7:^o. Py }I_X
order W. M. H. FORTREIDE. Sec. / *
MISSION Lodee No. I£3. F and A. M.— ]¦
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) iv,
EVENING, al 7:30 o'clock. Third iie->£J«
gree. C. P. BUNKER. Sec. *^T
IVANHOE Lodge No. 6, K. of P.. 2«-
will confer the Knight Rank (long X*>
form), WEDNESDAY, February 21, O^&*
1&00. at Pythian Castle, 909* Market .#-?13
et., at 6:30 ». m. Members of elster lodges
cordially invited JOHN WISE, C C.
O. NORCROSS. X, of R. and S.
TfrT.AM rrvpu, a k n v \< r — x-nhiM
who have not already received tickets for the
theater party are requested to apply to the
Recorder for t.air.e before 3:30 p. m. THIS
DAY. By order of the Potentate.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
IL E. B. A. No. 25— Please attend funeral of
lala brother, M. F. BANE> Godeau's under-
taking rooms. WEDNESDAY. 21st. Meet at
reartirg room et 9:30 a. m.
ED UORPHT. President.
W. WARE*, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks In the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Whitlock ravine; from
Manuel Leal, in the Union mine, in New
York Township. Tuba County, to deposit
tailings on New York Flat; from Walter E.
Peterson, in the Manila Placer mine, near
Igo. Shasta County, to deposit tailings In a
worked-out pit, and from the Cherokee
Graval and Gold Mining Company. In the
Cherokee gravel mine, near Carters, Tuo-
lutnne County, to deposit tailings in Bear
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room C 9, Flood building. San Fran-
clßCO. Cal .. on March E. 1500. at 1:80 p. m.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest aetrolo-
girt tnd palmist In the world; satisfaction
gus— .gteed. 4:7 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a epeclalty; private;
no fae without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 650 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, tl" Market st. opp. Mason.
T. H. UERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at 503 Cal. St.. Clunie bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket st: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARD AM) ROO3IS.
A BEAUTIFUL eunny suite with board; also
single rooms: convenient Sacramento, Hyde
or Jackson etreet line; private family. 1308
Jones gt.
NEW family hotel; flrst-clase In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; Fpeclal Inducements to
select people. 807 California et., occupying
corner opposite v Grace Church.
HOTEL FAIRMOCNT, 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table Crst-cla»s;
reduced rates.
GUERRERO. 114— Sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let with board.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market gt.— Suite of 2 or I
rmi ; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. 7O— Flret-class board and rooms;
$20 up; special rates to etudents.
VAN NESS. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable: modern conveniences.
BOARDING I'Ult CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 2 children over 2 years old.
; 217P Perry st.
ONE or two children to board. Call or address
126 Chat tan ooga st.
PRIVATE family will board child 2 years and
over; eunny yard; terms $10. 8344 Valencia.
WANTED— ChiId 13; small ranch: good home.
P. O. box 16. Dlmond. Fruitvale.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS boueht and exchanged.
Holme* Bock Cn.. 754 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOT AM) kHOG DAUCAINS.
EEND for our price list; it's chuck full of bar-
gains; we pay the freight on country orders.
PEOPLE'S fcHOE STORE. 1303 Stockton St.,
near Broadway. ________
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A '$15oTg ROCER V store; In best location In the
Mission: 3 living roome; bath: rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. room S. SO6 Market st.
A— 12000; SALOON, located on Market and Pow-
ell etc. ; established years; doing a flrst-class
paying business; rent $100; no better place or
location In this city. Call R. G. WILKE, SO6
Market St., room 8.
A— $1100: DAIRY and route: 13 cows. 4 horses.
1 milk wagon, 1 cart, etc; Include 10 acres
crop of barley hay; business established 20
years. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.. rm. 8.
A— ssso; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton St.; e«tabl. many years and clearing
above $150 per month. Call room 8, 906 Mar-
ket ct. R. Q. WILKE.
A— JSSO; DELICACY and dairy business, kept
by present owner for * years; a splendid busi-
ness; offer; place clearing about Siu per no.
tot Market si. room 8. R. G. WILKE.
A— s4^oo; CORNER grocery, en one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; flrst-class
paying; only cash trade; stock all fresh; will
Invoice the price; a epiendid and rare chance.
Particulars, 15- G. WILKE, 966 Market St.,
room 8.
A— $1800; SALOON: choice location on Kearny
•t.; rplendld business offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. room 8. »06 Market st.
A.—HlOO: BAKERY on Polk St.; baking IV4
barrels: all store trade; daily receipts above
S_; rent $28. Call R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— <3oo; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk St.; splendid paying business and good
stock on hand. R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market.
A 6ALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large stock; rushing buslneds;
no better location on East St.; splendid
chance. R. Q. WILKE. &06 Market tt.
$050 CANDY STORE $150
and branch bakery: eunny corner
..this store must i>ell: price $150; worth $500..
For sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ATTENTION. SELLERS'.
List whatever you have for sale
with tne. I can cell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.'
I want no exclusive contract. .
Hsvo buyer waiting with cash.
X sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces. •
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
A^ PARTNER WANTED IN A
BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY
Full particulars with PECKER, 1020 Market.
$150— BUTTER and egg store In large market;
$10 to $30 a day: must cell. Decker, 1020 11 kt.
ROADHOUSE wanted; north of S. F. preferred;
must be cheap for cash; not over 5 acres land.
$300— Partner wanted; fine chance; good
buelnesa.
We want 7 lodging houses; from 10 to 60
rooms; cash buyers.
What business have you to cell? We have
cash buyers for all kinds of business; from
$200 to $_00; saloons, cigar stores, fruit
•tores, email farms and large ones.
We want your stores and housrs to r*nt:
will attend to them promptly and cheaper
than any one else in the city; will collect
your rents for you. etc
COLUMBIA REALTY CO.. 916 Market, r. C 3.
FOR rent — Butcher chop; complete with tools;
fine fixtures ; cheap rent: owner will give lease;
carts, etc; sickness cause. M. LESS, 765 Jlkt.
$Coo— BAKERY; best part of Western Addition;
( living-rooms; horses; wagons; owner owns
bldg; will give lease. M. LESS. 7C5 Market.
$^O— CORNER ealoon doing good business;
near Market et.: full investigation invited; a
bargain if sold at once. M. LESS. 7C5 Market.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, on Kearny st.: mint for
right party; cheap; see Liquor. Dealers' Jour-
nal. £29% California St., room L
J4OOO— FIRST-CLASS saloon, best part of town,
cheap rent, long lease, stands Investigation;
worth S7OOO. Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal,
L39V» California st.. room 1. .
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. E29H California St.. room L
BARBER shop; $50; 2 chairs; clears $10 a week;
good reason for selling. M. GRIFFIN, 719
Market st.. C_l bulldlcc £^?5?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
COTTAGES TO LET. ,
COTTAGES of 4 and 6 rooms; basement; yard;
stable. Apply at 1876 16th st., near Dolores.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key £23
Second St., near mall dock.
EIGHTEENTH, 4232, near Castro— Sunny ¦ de- •
tached four rooms and bath; $16.
FOLSOM. 2326-Cottaare; 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20. ,
6-ROOM ccttage: 23H Morris aye.. bet. Harrt-
son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0. 23.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
4SB GEARY— First-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references. •
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary »t.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor ft Moffat.
DENTISTS^
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllngs
from $1 up; other fllllngs from 6O0: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 SO up; open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, Ja. ra. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 1
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
¦ and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fllllngs, 60o; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st - -
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'FarreU St.. ex-
tracts and fllls teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. 12; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $8: received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods in bridge work; fllllngs gold, il up;
Bllver. 60c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443. Market st.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fllllngs a
epeclalty; all work reasonable; gas glvgn.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week: we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS, 233 Valencia; dental
work re as. ; painless extraction; hours 9 to 6.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
OHIO Dental V-»rlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD*S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $150; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD"S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers —
Classes now forming; French conversation.
Mercantile Library. 630 Golden Gate aye.,
rooms 5, 6, hours 2 to 8.
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full cours*
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO i
BUSINESS COLLEGE. - 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
raecn.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
eet. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 9SS Market.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan blydg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
LAW schools. 827 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merki. success-
1 ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFillppe's Acad-
emy of languages,32oPost;eet.lB7l;ablestprofs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Mlfs M. G. Barrett. 302 Montry.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No SO Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post at., near Powell. • GEO.
1 AOKI, 421 Post st.; telephone Bush 125.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment "Offlce —
best help. 414>4 O'Farrell >U: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation; good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
best city references, city or country: also a :
first-class Swedish cook desires a situation.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 SutteT Bt. . . 1
NEAT girl desires a situation as cook; 3 years
last place. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS chambermarfd and laundress de-
sires situation; beet of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at.
COMPETENT Norwegian second girl desires a I
situation; young and strong.. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter «t.
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes any
kind of light housework by the day. or would
take care of children. Box 4243, Call office.
WANTED— A place for a woman who under-
stands German or American cooking as work-
ing housekeeper. Call at 217 Polk at.
GOOD chambermaid, married woman, wishes
work in a first-class hotel In the city. Box
4251, Call office. __»
WOMAN wants a situation In American fam-
ily; housework and cooking. Addresß 822
Linden St.. Oakland. ' ' -'
COLORED girl from the East wishes position
to do general housework. Apply E. T., 20
Sherwood place. -
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl to do seo-
ond work; private family; $25. 1714 Octavla.
SWEDISH girl wishes place for general house-
work. Address 648 Howard st.
A YOUNG girl wißhes a position as chamber-
mald. Call at 1123 Sutter st.
AMERICAN woman wants any kind of house-
work by the day. Call at 373 Jessie st.
STRONG girl wishes position to do light
housework in small family. 926 Mission st.
LADY with good reference, speaking German
and English, wishes a position as lady's maid
or to take care of grown children to travel to
Europe and return. Apply at 40 McAllister
St.. from 2 to 6. .
DRESSMAKER from the Eoet; first-class cut-
ter and fitter; work by day; make suit in one
day. 1532 Polk St. ,
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier, stenographer
desires a position; city or country: correspond-
ence English and Italian; experience; flrst-
claes references. Address box 4246, Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER, 132 Sixth st.
ELDERLY German lady seeks employment as
seamstress, either at home or In families. 10
Cclllngwood st.
WANTED — Situation by nice, respectable Amer-
ican woman In small family; real/ good cook;
capable of taking full charge; wages $15 to
$20; references from last place. Box 4247 CalL
CAPABLE young woman- wants position as
maid and attendant to invalid lady; or as
governess and music to children: or position
of trust; city references. Box 4250, Call.
WANTED— Engagements to treat your hair at
your home for any trouble ever heard of, on a
guarantee, by hair specialist; also bust devel-
oping. Address box 4235, Call.
A GERMAN woman wishes a posHion to do
general ..ousework In a small family; no ob-
jections to country. Call 175 Linden aye.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework. . Address
box 4252. Call offlce.
COMPETENT Scotch woman wants work . by
the day; city references. 812 Church; st.,: .
GERMAN girl, age 14 wants to assist or take
care of child. 8090 24th st., near Folsom.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third. St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; frsa 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
FOR bargains in saloons, groceries and bars,
cigar stores, restaurants, oyster houses,
branch bakeries, lodging houses, 10_ to 100
rooms, see J. H. CHISEL ft CO.. 79 Third St.
WE buy. sell and exchange city and country
real estate and business chances on commis-
slon. J. H. CHISEL, ft CO.. 79 Third st.
$135— PARTNER: l«gltlmate tmslness; can
make good wages. CHISEL & CO.. 75Thlrd st.
11- ROOM house; a snap «?SS2 ¦
SO-room house; a bargain ?J*™
A cigar store; fine location ??£{
A barber chop and cigar store ww
A branch bakery; rare bargain *«*»
A grocery and bar; a snap »««
Fine bakery in good 10cati0n........... ..now
MITCHELL ft ADAMS. 906 Market st.
CANDY and bakery; best in city; cause, slck-
ness. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
A FINE corner fruit store; big bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
A BARGAIN: saloon; comer; muet go to-day.
COWIX-O ft CO.. 1130 Market st.
WANTED— A contractor and builder. ! to take
an Interest and give a general management
in securing and executing contracts for a
fireproof construction that has been thorough-
ly established and earning large dividends.
Address J. X.. box 4257. Call offlce.
PARTNER In show business clearing $100 a
month: no experience: must have $150. PROF.
J. C. FELTON. 422 Minna St., from 3 p. m.
to 6 r>. m.
$50— GROCERY and delicacy store; will lnvolo*
$100; rent $12. 428 Sixth st. '
FOR SALE — Good paying restaurant near the
water front; rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Washington st.
WANTED— Young man handy with tools as
partner in poultry business; good monthly ln-
come. Box 2708. Call offlce. Oakland.
$1800— ONE of the best bakeries In city for sale;
shop business only. Address 9bx 3sS3, Call.
SMALL fruit store for eale; .cheap. 1600 Mis-
sion st.
BARBER shop for sale; running three chairs
steady; established 11 years. Apply 103 Eddy.
3-CHAIR hotel barber shop; center of city. Ap-
piy DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
EMALL, but good paying- shoe store; also work-
ehop; work enough to employ 2 steady men;
muet Bell cheap, account of returning to Eu-
rope. MA.TTERN ft MOORE, 25 New Mont-
gomery st. - -i ' .-•- ',-
DELICATESSEN and branch bakery for sale;
rent $15; no reasonable offer refused. Apply
at 1005 Larkln et.
WANTED — Notion and variety store; must be
cheap. Box 2632. Call office.
PARTNER in show business clearing $100 a
month: no experience; must have $150; PROF.
J. C. FELTON, 422 Minna St., from 3 p. m.
to 5 p. m.
OLD established restaurant for sale: either
half interest or as a whole. Address box 2706,
Call offlce. Oakland.
PARTIES who wish to invest $4500 in an estab-
lished business, located for 20 years in oz\e
place and doing now a legitimate and conserv-
ative business and clearing $250 to $300 per
month, may hear of such an opportunity by
addressing box 4224, Call offlce.
CAPE Norne — We want parties with small cap-
ital who desire to uo to Capa Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Manager, 632 Market, room 1. San Francisco.
MARTIN ARONSOHN, Notary Public— Offlce
with A. M. Speck ft Co., real estate. 667 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Third: telephone Main 5998; real-
dence 21C3 Geary Et.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown: newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for »ale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ft CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla et. %
A BRANCH oTflce for the reception of adver-
tleements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
cubEcriptlons has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m. _____
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address In the
United Ftaten. jvstpajd. for $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO clone estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
pets of harness will be sold at half coat, as
the business must be closed- 1140 Folsom St..
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of wagons, busies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
NEW ft 2d-hand wagons, bugfrtes, carts ft har-
nest. wk & driving horses. 15th and Vaiencla.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing^Works^o3j^s7Tehaina_^t : j_te2 ; _8 J _Jo^__^
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4E3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
gt.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all *kln diseases. ' heart and
• nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and UDward.
Diagnosis Free.
Jf. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION^ MRsT^T^A^BER, a" "rifted
lady; most famous in reading tea leaves and
cards; advice confidential. Can be found dally
- except Saturday and Sunday at 373 Polk St.;
no siens.
DINS MORE,
Renowned clairvoyant: private sittings; mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., 218 Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular; slttlngssl.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult matters.
C Haj-es St., room 7, second floor.
HEALING and developing medium; satisfaction
guaranteed; readings 25c and Wte this week.
942 MUelon st.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer!
830 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
WASHINGTON'S birthday seance. Feb. 22. at
1 o. m.. 60c. '409 Leavenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mrket., bet. 10th ft 11th;
clr. Tues. 8 p.m.; Thurs. 2 p. m.; 25c.; sit dally.
I RESPSONSIBLE card reader moved from 1322 to
1425 Mission st.; satisfaction guaranteed.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting, 7:30
p. m., 10c.' 3250 22d, bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all;' circle Tues.. Fri., 2
p. m.: Mon., 8; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlngs daily. tliM Sixth at. ¦ ¦
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. . 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future has-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less fucceeeful. Room 110, 827 Market st.
LOST AND FOUJTD.
LOST— Friday night, gent's open-faced gold
watch, engraved M; gold chain with Elk s
tooth charm. Finder will be liberally re-
warded by returning to Corbetfs. 32 Ellis st.
LOST— Saturday, 18th, child's open-face silver
watch: Initials on back "A. M." Return to
C. L. T.. 171 Crocker building. ,
LOST— On Geary st.. bet. Grant aye. and Ma-
son St.. pearl scarf pin. studded with dia-
monds. Return to Manhattan saloon. 25 Geary
St., and receive liberal reward. " f ;
LOST— Small purse Saturday evening. Return
' to room 6, Flood building, and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with tha Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In tha
name of ANNA M. RONAN. No. 223-150. The
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— The pin which wm lost at Dickey's
roadhouse in November. 1898. Owner will
please address note to M. Box 111. Call Busi-
ness Office.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007*4 Market st.
DR. O. W. O*DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prao-
ticed in 8. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
borne; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023% Market st. .
DR and MRS. KOHL, ladles* specialists— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1123 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5; any ailment: consultation free. 943
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.' •
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. IU3 Market
St.: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private boat
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye. .
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DCVALJDS who find no relief from drugging-
the stomach to investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never fails. Call
or address for booklet. Anidrosls. 47 Post,
office No. 5; gents' baths, 6: ladles parlors, 33.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. "Mc-
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
. ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth. ¦
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety bcxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th*
Waltz Safe Co.. IC9-111 Market St.. 8. F.. Cal
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
DR. CREELY*B C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ICE machine for sale; In good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell st.
WAGON for sale; good for a painter; will take
painting for It. 416 Shotwell St.
15-HORSE power boiler and engine. 316 Rall-
road aye.. San Francisco, south.
IRISH setters; fancy pigeons; homers; runts;
white homers. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $3 50. BACXGALUPL
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
FIXTURES for sale cheap in stationery store.
Call 2505H Sutter st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st-. near 15th.
A.NY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Plna.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, placiers.lathes.
Iron ft wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Photo gallery In country; give par-
ticulars, price. - TRITT WACHHORST, 1243
Market st.
WANTED— To buy or rent a medium size port-
able rock crusher. Address by mall. Contrac-
tor, 1209 Clans Spreckels bldg.. San Francisco.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
clsco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
~ TttONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at < per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; gst my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. «.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance: chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000: I per cent; Ist. 3d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided Interests to
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advioa
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commission. 1t. 51, 6 Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange. 431
California st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
IiONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER ft CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable prtvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property. Ad-
dress CONFIDENTIAL, box 2729. Call offlce.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott build-
i Ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT ltt per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott buildlnz.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery!
ON furniture, pianos, without removal- no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser:
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
dsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MO~V_T WANTED. — —
WANTED— To borrow on choice suburban real
estate $1200 not above 10 per cent per ITn
Box 4202. Call offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced piinos
ZuVt* l^ y can ** « ch «>*ed for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
Pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
riAy'l-m^, f5f 5 ** T montlu SHERMAN.
and Sutter ets.. San Francisco.; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
U % 2t* < $? < X. l B "KOHLER * CHAM??'
Mi M . and 20 ° Fa well st.: pianos, organs and
U^ oth « er m u * leal Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms eaiy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleasa and satisfy tha
customer.
"C-I«S new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
« 1 ? Wer prlcei tt ~ ul •*«'
at MAuvAIS , 769 Market st.
THERE Is only one place to buy a Decker or a
Packard piano. - __UVAIS\ 769 Market si
_^_H_H_aM_M_n__MHHß«_*_<B*^ - ... ?..-.-'
10SPECIAL 3VOTICES.
WANTED known— Mß. LEW H. SCHARER,
late of 22 Mason St., has removed to Call
building, tenth floor, where he will continue
to give bargains in watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry, silverware, firearms and optical goods;
cash or time payments. Offlce hours— lo to 6.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery gt.f rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered, from J3: whitened, $1 up.
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
TO LEASE.
TO leace— Fine oil land in oil district; none but
men of means need apply: one eighth royalty
asked. Answer box 00. Call.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEAT cottage. S large rooms; with pantry,
folding doors, mantel, hot and cold water;
fine well water; brick foundation: bay win-
dow; wash trays, windmill and tank; lot 40
x 125; price $1200; $100 cash, balance 115 month-
ly; take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Sta-
tion, aek for RUDOLPH & PERKINS, offlce
open Sundays.
OAKLAND Branch Offlce of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlFoments and Bub»?rlr)tlonj« received.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
.^ . .
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2200. WORTH 13000.
House, 7 rooms; bath; with all modern con-
veniences; fine location and neighborhood;
large lot; driveway, sunny; cloee to cars,
schools, etc.; the beet bargain offered this
year. J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
33250. VALUE J4OOO.
Located on a "commanding corner;" new
house of 7 rooms; bath, gas and electrical ap-
pliances; new Ideas and designs for "dining-
room," sewing-room; sunny exposure; close
to local train and 3 car lines; space would not
fully present the excellent features; the nobl-
est house built this year; easy terms.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
AT 110 cash, X monthly— Fine lots; the choicest
building site; East Oakland; 8 model homes
Just completed; build your home or let Ub
build for you, and stop paying rent; have you.-
home where the climate excels; no fogs or
cold wlndr; soil the best and view the grand-
est; streets all graded and macadamizea; city
water and sewer; 1 block from electric car
and near the local trains; good schools 'and
grand view; Gallndo Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; price |115 upward- call or eend for
circular, 45S Seventh st., Oaklsnd; carriage
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
$IKO— A BARGAIN: 30 acres of land 1H miles
from Eunol: about 300 French prune trees, be-
sides small family orchard and vineyard:
house of 5 rooms; barn; chicken-houses; all
fenced. W. P. RYAN. 960 7th st.. Oakland.
CITY realty; fruit and stock ranchos; loans.
SALSBURY. 90S Broadway, Notary Public.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland home. Mrs,
E. C. Fortier. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tigementg end pubscrlptlons received.
OAKLAND IIOL'SEKUttf'I.'NU KOOJIS.
LARGE sunny unfurnished rooms, near Fablola
Hospital; large grounds; reference. Address 1
. box 2708, Call offlce. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re- '
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver- ,
tlsements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND 'FURNITURES KOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Echellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership. — The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
•tyle of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI. doing
business in the city and county of San Fran- ,
Cisco, was on the 2Sth day of March, 1599. dls- 1
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire Interest of G.
BACIGALUPI in the concern.
G. lACCHERI,
O. BACIGALUPI.
Ban Francisco, February 9. 1900.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DlviD^E^D^ r OTICE^DivMend No^ 102 (54
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be payable at the offlce of the com-
pany, 527 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day," March 1. 1900. Tranefer books will clooe
on Friday. February 23. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED pror>osals will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., March 22,
1900, and then opened, for furnishing all tha>
material and labor necessary for the com-
plete construction of .a light and fog signal
station at Point Arguello. Cal.. in accordance
with BDeclflcatlons. copies of which, with
blank proposals and other Information, may
be had upon application to CHARLES E. L. .
B. DAVIS, Major, Corps, of Engineers, U.
S. A. :
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. January 25. 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. February 24.
1300, and then opened, for construction of
power-house, electrical machinery, heating
6yetem, ice machine and cold storage, filter
plant, kitchen and laundry machinery, etc.,
for U. S. General Hospital at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bide in whole or
In part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality- (includtnß in the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M MARSHALL. Deputy Quar-
tfrmsster General. Chief Q. M.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John E. Clark, 24, Arcata, Humboldt County,
and Jessie C. Burrows, 20, Arcata, Humboldt
County.
Edmund Walsh, 29, 1907 Harrison street, and
Annie Ackln. 37. 1907 Harrison street.
Charles J. Rock, 27, city, Emma May, 24. city.
Carl Stephans, 30, city, and Laura L. Tubb,
20, city.
Stanley M. Ingalsbe. 21, 1521 O'Farrell street,
and Ada T. Young, 21, 711 Jones street. '
Fernando Tustin, 63, 38 Clara street, and An-
nie M. Michael, 41. 1245' i Valencia street.
John Fahey, 35, 43 Tehama street, and Mar-
tha O'Connell, 2S, 116 South Park.
Cecil M. Haubl. 29, C3l Post street, and Meda
E. Snlbley, 24, 426 Tehama street.
Samuel B. Fugazl, 26, city, and Kathryn M.
Ollva. W. city.
Benjamin F. Tubbesintr, 27. Red Wing, Minn.,
and Mary Ingwersen, 23. 866 Folsom street.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
DANA— In this city, February 18, I*oo. to the
wife of Harry Stanwood Dana, a son.
•~~~ MARBIED.
ROLLET— BERLIN— In this city. February 14,
1900, by the Rev. Mr. Sheppard, Thomas V.
Rollet and Lizzie Berlin. -<¦ ?
_— — -
Allen. William Meagher. Ann
Bain Mark F. Mesa. Edward
Brant Mrs. Julia MUllken, John Mlnot
Burke. John F. Morse, Sigourney B.
Craig Eva F. MacGowan, John S.
Dfcker. Barbara O'Brien, Agnes
Desmond. William F. Patterson. Edward
Dolan James Rasmussen, Dorothea
Fangohr, Otto Reynolds. George L.
Forde, Mary J- Thurman. Catherine :
Healy, Elizabeth Wiese, Catharine
Hubachek, Hazel E. Welsh, Richard
Jackson, John R. Windsor, William
Martin, Dr, Wro. N. Woebcke. John W. C
ALLEN— In the City and County Hospital,
February 20. 1900. William Allen, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 62 years.
BAIN" On board . hospital ship Missouri, Mark
F Bain, beloved husband of the late Delia
Bain and stepfather of Michael McDonough,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 42
E7 Officer and members of Marine Engi-
neers' Association No. 35 are invited to attend
the funeral this day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from, the parlors of. J. S. Godeau, 805
Montgomery avenue, thence to St. Francis
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
HENRY j. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
30 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
McAUOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMERS.I
1235 Market st., between Bth and 9th. 1
Telephone South 247. |
Third race— One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.
...Joe Mussla .....1001 798 Orion 108
796 None 5uch... ....106 818 Lo« Prletos 10ft
f795f 795 Milt Youug 101 1
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
796 Inverary 11. .....104 796 Lavator .....101
818 Montallade .....104 820 Sorrow 102
'786 Synia 99 817 Mary Klnsella..lO2
796 Rapido 104 796 Einstein 104
Fifth race— Bix furlongs: three-year-olds and
upward: handicap.
810 Potente ..lit 805 Dr. Sheppard.. ..ll2
810 Harry Thoburn..loB ... Joe Mussle 90
(BOB)Vesuvian 87 (75S)St. Casimlr 10
Sixth race— Seren furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward.
795 Terrene 104, 77J Katie Gibbons. .lo4'
811 Uterp 104 792 Florence. Fink... 104
783 Alleviate 107 746 Loving Cup 107
... Lucy Parsons.. .lo7'
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Beautiful BUI. Mildred Hughes.
I saline.
Second , race— Cormorant, Afghan, Sly.
Third race — Joe Mussle, Milt .Young, None
Such.
Fourth race— Sorrow, Montallade, Lavatar.
Fifth race— St. Casimlr, Harry Thoburn.Dr.
Sheppard.
- Sixth race— Loving; Cup. Alleviate. Katie Gib
bons.
BRANT— In Frultvale. on Pearl street, near
Redwood road, February 20, 19C0, Mrs. Julia
Brant, a native of Germany, aged 64 years 3
months and 9 days.
BURKE— In this city, February 18. 1900, John
F.. dearly beloved husband of Bridget Burke
and beloved father of Mrs. M. M. Murdock
and Kathryn. Anna, James and Harry Burke,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 6Z
years.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday.) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2431 Bryant avenue, thence to »t.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem hlgn
macs will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city, February 20. l»00, Eva F.
Craig, daughter of J. P. McMurray, and sister
of Mrs. W. H. Barrows and O. K. McMurray,
a native of Jackson, Mich., aged 44 years.
, ICTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), fropi the residence of W. H. Bar-
• rows. 1450 Hayes street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
DECKER— In this city, February 20, ISOO, Bar-
bara Decker, beloved mother of Mrs. Kath-
erine Sands, Henry Decker, Mrs. Rose Jor-
den and Mrs. Louise Nolte, a native of Ger-
many, aced 77 years.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 634 Jessie street, between Seventh ana
Eighth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DESMOND— In this city. February 18, 1900.
William F.. beloved son of William and the
late Margaret Desmond, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's. Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Calvary Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city. February 19. 1900. James
Dolan. a native of Ireland, aged 54 years. .
(E7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion attached to St. Mary s Hospi-
tal where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at ll:S0 o'clock.
FANGOHR— In this city, February 19. 1900. Otto
Fangohr, a native of Germany, aged 24 years
and 3 months.
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FORDE— In this city, February 19, 1900, Mary
J dearly beloved sister of Thomaa. Margaret
and William J. Forde ana Mrs. Ellen How-
ard and aunt of Mrs. Robert Shepston, a na r ;
tlve of Mltchelstown, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 45 years. (Chicago, Lawrence and Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at » o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2424 Market street, tbenee to St. Igna-
tius Church, Hayes street, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemtery.
HEALY-In this city. February *0. 1900 Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late John Healy. a
native of Enfleld, Middlesex, London, Eng-
land, aged 78 years and 11 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1611 Polk street, thence to St. Brigld's
Church. Van Nees avenue and Broadway,
where a requiem high mass will b« celebrated
for the repose of -her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUBACHEK— In this city, February 19, 1900,
Hazel Elizabeth Hubachek, beloved daughter
of Joseph H. and Mable Hubachek, and
granddaughter of John T. Kelly, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 11 months and 2
(ET 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 246 Jersey street, between San-
chez and Noe and Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth streets. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
JACKSON— In Alameda. February 20, 1900. John
R, beloved husband of Mrs. E. J. Jackson,
end father of Frank C. Jackson and Mrs. M.
J. Miller, a native of New York, aged 77 years
6 montlis and 16 days.
MARTIN-In Oakland, February 20 1900, Dr.
William N. Martin, husband of the late M.
X Martin and father of Alphonse and Irving
m. Martin, a native of Randolph, Vt.. aged
60 years.
MEAGHER— In this city. February 19. 1900.
Ann beloved mother of James F. and Mary
Meagher, a native of Fethard. County Tipper-
ary Ireland, aged 79 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
re«ldence. 111 Guerrero street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private.
MESA— In this city, February 20,' 1900. Edward
Mesa dearly beloved son of Raphael and the
late Ignatius Mesa, and grandson of the late
Pasculala Morgan, a native of Oakland, acid
14 years and 10 months.
MORSE— In Alameda, February 20, 1900. Sigour-
ney B Morse, son of Caroline M. and the late
Charles A. Morse, and brother of Mrs. F. M.
French Mrs. L. M. Slosson and F. C. Morse,
a native of California, aged 34 years.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MILLIKEN-In this city, February 19. 1900. at
his late residence, 747 Guerrero street, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth, John Mlnot
Milliken, beloved husband of Rebecca A. Mil-
liken, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 40
years 4 months and 2 days;
IDrinterment at Sacramento, Cal., to-
morrow (Thursday), February 22. 1900. Train
leaves Thursday morning at 7 a. m.
MacGOWEN— In this city. February 20, 1900,
John S., beloved husband of the late Anna
MacGowen, and father of Mrs. Albert Eden,
aged 96 years 1 month and 7 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 18. 1800, Ag-
nes, beloved wife of Joseph H. O'Brien, and
daughter of John J. Murphy, and sister of
Mrs. J. J. McElroy and James J. and Loretto
E. Murphy, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years 7 months and 23 days.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at — o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 150« O'Farrell etreet, thence to Holy
Crocs Church, Eddy street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her eoul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PATTERSON— In Oakland, February IS. 1900,
Edward Patterson, a native of Liverpool,
England, aged 67 years.
RASMUSSEN— In this city, February 20, 1900,
Dorothea, .dearly beloved wife of Hans Ras-
mussen, and mother of Mrs. Robert Belmond,
Mrs. J. Weyley, Mrs. J. Ralnsey and Joseph,
Annie and Henrietta Rasmussen, and sister
of Conrad and Henry Benson and Mrs. R.
Raemussen, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 4S years 8 months and 7 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tq attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co,, 1137 Mission etreet, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city. February 20. 1900.
George Lewta, beloved husband of the late
Eliza G. Reynolds, and father of Edith G.,
Alice R., George L. and Eva L. Reynolds, a
native of London, England, aged 74 years 1
month and 20 days.
THURMAN— In this city. February SO, 1900,
Catherine C. Thurman, beloved mother of E.
W. and I. B. Thurman and Mrs. K. D. Far-
land, a native of Belfast, Ireland., aged 77
years 1 month and 19 days.
WIESE— In Petaluma, February 20, 1300, Cath-
arine, beloved wife of the late Carl J. Wlese,
and mother of Mrs. Julius Petersen, a native
of Germany, aged 79 years 10 months and 6
days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Vincent*
Church, Petaluma.
WELSH— In this city. February U. 1900, Rich-
ard Welsh, a native of Youghal. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 42 years.
|[7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. . 1235 Market street, ' be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to Bt. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WINDSOR— In this city, February 19, 1900, Wil-
liam Windsor, a native of Massachusetts, aged
82 years.
WOEBCKE— In this city, February 20, 1900,
John W. C. Woebcke, beloved- son of . John
and Johanna Woebcke, and brother of Lizzie
Woebcke, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 months and 18 days.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 35. Y. M. I.— The
annual requiem mass for the repose of the
souls of all departed brothers of the Young
Men's Institute will be celebrated Thursday
morning. February 22, at St. Mary's Church
(Paulist), beginning at 10 o'clock.- Relatives
and friends of deceased members are respect-
fully Invited to be present. Sermon by Rev.
P. J. MacCcrry. C. 8. P.
B. B. THOMAS. Pres.
C. L. EBNER. Beo. "
CARD OF THANKB.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Duncan and family
desire. to extend their heartfelt thanks to their
friends for their kindness and sympathy In their
late bereavement.
Time— H, :12%; %. :38; %. l:03H: %. 1:30^4. G(y>d" start. Won easing up. . second and third
driving. Winner, E. Corrlgan's *>lk. g.. by Imp. Artillery- Ventura. Wallensteln had noth
ing to < beat. Mont Eagle poorly ridden, rSo was Sunello.
819. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds; purse. $400.
Time— M. :25; V 4, :50; %, 1:16 H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. El Corri lran's
b g by imp. Charaxus-Ethle. ' Winner received beet ride. 'Torslna quit. Start beat Nora
Ives" Fashion Plate of no account. "Scratched— Muscalado 109, Aunt Bird 107, P F 103, Schll.
ler 11*. Miss Soak 107, Utero 104.
Hibernia Bank Pays Its Taxes.
The city treasury was enriched yester-
day in the sum of $174,261 99, which repre-
sents the second installment of mortgage
taxes of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society collected by Tax Collector Scott.
The force in the offlce has J>een kept busy
for severaJ weeks past making- out be-
tween 7000 and 8000 tax bills on individual
pieces of property held by the bank on
loans, and the /work, having been com-
pleted yesterday morning, the money
was immediately paid in. Tax • Collector
Scott cays a comparative statement of
the amounts collected this year and last
for a period of flfty-twodays shows that
he collected $150,000 more than his prede-
cessor.
$14. FIRST RACE — Four furlontts: maiden two-year-olds; purse, ,$4OO.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. E*bert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Tuesday, February 20, 1900.— Weather jainy. _ Track sloppy.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
Track Notes.
From talk around the ring there will
be a scarcity of bookmakers next cut-in
at Tanforan.
W. B. Sink Jr, was very wrathy over
Rio Chico being, ordered scratched by
Starter Caldwell, and not without reason.
The action was taken on the absurd
grounds that the horse was a bad actor.
Then why was Anchored, a notoriously
fractious animal and one barred at Oak
land, allowed to go to the post? Rio Chlco
was allowed to start in hurdle events, get
ting away on each occasion, and only a
few days ago Mr. Sink said he had been
asked by an official of the club to start
his horse In a handicap for which he wan
entered. Other owners complain that
races are declared off simply because Cor
rlgan has no entry to make In them.
The prices realized at the Marcus Duly
sale of thoroughbred horses held last
evening at the Occidental Horse Ex
change, were as follows:
Bonitary, eh. f., 2, by Primrose-Bonha,
$350, Dr. Rowell; Burdock, br. g.. 3, by
Matt Byrnes-Abra Daly, $300, I. Moore
house; Cushion, b. f., 2, by Sam Lucas-Yo.
lande, $100, Dan Honig; Chaste, b. f., 2. by
Jim Oore-imp, British Blue Blood, $275,
G. Cushing; Harry Corby, b. g, 4, by In
verness-Turquols, $100, W. de B. Lopez;
Immodell, eh. c, 2, by Inverness-Model,
$450, I. Moorehouue; Malapert, br. c, 2, by
Inverness-Flirt, $160, A. W. Stotesburys
Montana Chieftain, b. c, 2, by Montana-
Homeless, $900, W. B. Jennings; Salver, b.
f., 2. by Fidelio-Salvia. $100, E. Wilson;
Scotch Belle, b. f., 2, by Inverness-Belle of
Butte. $SOO, O. P. Romlgh: The Gafflr, b.
g., 2, by Uncas-L,aetitia, $700, W. R. L,ar
zelere; Time Center, b. c, 2, by George
Finney-Greenwich, $250, J. Magee; Too
Hot, b. t., 2. by The Pepper-Pert. $200. I.
Moorehouse; Ullagon, b. f., 2, by Inver
ness-Banshee, $150, I. Moorehouse; Ward
man, b. c, 2, by Tammany-Belinda, $2SO.
The following horses, the property of
other owners, were also disposed of:
Major S, $300. S. Holman; Frank Duffy,
$2SO, P. Sheridan^
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds,
... Hilou 104 772 La Amiga 103
610 Morella 10* "84 Beautiful 8i11. ..107
78S Tom Sharkey....lO4 671 Coming Event. ..lo3
772 St. Germain 101 &00 Mildred Hughes.lo2
797 March Seven.... 102 .„ Disorderly 104
789 Caesar Y0ung.. .107 811 Red Cherry 103
359 Dreadnaught ...1071 640 Tekla 107
797 Formatus 1041 SOB Isallne 103
Second race— One mile; selling; four- year-olds
and upward.
(785) Royal Prize 109 759 Cormorant 107
794 Sly 105 SOI Jockey Bill 10!>
774 Ben Ledi 102 801 Scintillate 107
801 Correct -104 780 Charles Le 8e1. .100
816 Anchored 101' 806 Afghan .109
778 Colonel R00t.... 109
N ARRIVED, .
Tuesday, Feb. ».
Btmr "Willamette, Hansen. 83 hours from
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Feb »o— Stmr Ban
Pedro, from San Pedro. A. • ~
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 20— Bchr Maweema.
from San Pedro: ship Occidental, hence Feb >.
Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Farallon, for Skaguay;
stmr City of Topeka. for Skaguay. -
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 20— Ship
Jabez Howes, from Honolulu. Sailed Feb 20—
Schr Lottie Bennett, for Honolulu: Br ship
Glenalvon, for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 10— Schr
Sequoia, from San Diego.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Fob 10— Ship
Eclipse, from Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND-^Arrived Feb 20— Bark-
Theobald, hence Feb 10; bktn Klikltat, from
Honolulu.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 20— Br stmr Elm
Branch, for Port Orchard drydock, thence
Feb 22 for Portland.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb JO— Br ship Glenal
von from Port Townsend; stmr Rosalie, from
Skagnay: stmr Cottage City, from Skaguay.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 20— Stmr Oriiaba, for
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb JO— Strnr San Pedro,
for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Alcatraa,
for ; schr Bella, for Sluslaw.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 20— Br Btmr Lennox,
from Manila; stmr Signal, from Seattle: Br
bark Beechdal*. from Honolulu: schr W F Jew
ett, hence Feb 6; tug Samson, with barge Wash
tuna in tow. hence Feb 17.
BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 20— Schr C S
Holmes, from Honolulu.
UMPQU A— Arrived Feb 10— Schr Lily, hence
Feb 10.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Be
quola. from San Diego.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Brunswick,
for Ban Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 20— Bark Kaiulaal,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 20— Br stmr Doric,
hence Feb 1.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or., for Hongkong.
Sailed Feb IT— Stmr Tacomo, {rom Hongkong,
for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 17— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacoma. Arrived Feb 19— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Oregon; Feb 14— Br stmr
Algoa, hence Jan 22. (
BANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Feb U— Bktn
Gardtner City, hence Jan 2L
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Feb 17— Bktn Northwest,
for Santa Rosalia.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb ll— 6chr Lens
Sweasey, for .
LA PAZ— Sailed Feb 14— Schr Martha W.
Tuft, for .
SANTA ROSALIA— In port Feb 15— Br ship
Thornliebank, to sail this day for Portland. Ar
rived Feb 2— Br ship Barfilla, from Hamburg.
HULL— Arrived Feb 17— Fr bark Duguesclln,
hence Oct 11. for Queenstown. Sailed Feb 4—4 —
Fr bark Amlral Troude. for Havre.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Teb 20— Stmr Lahn, for
Bremen, via Southampton.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Feb 19— Kaiser Wllhelm
II from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Indra
ghirl, from New York.
AUSTRALIAN PORT— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr
Ferndene, from New York.
SIDNEY, N. S. W.— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr
Moana, from San Francisco.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Staten
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro-
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20— 6tmr Spaarn
dam, from Rotterdam.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
STELZNER AND BUTLER
MATCHED TO BOX HERE
Boxer Jack Stelsner of this city and Joe
Butler of Philadelphia were matched last
night by the National Athletic Club to
fight here March 9. The match has b*en
pending for some time, strong efforts be
ing made to bring the men together. It ti
expected they will make a great exhibi
tion, as both men are hard hitters and can
stand punishment. As a preliminary bout
"Crockey" Boyle and Frank Rafael will
also go twenty rounds.
- The regular boxing exhibition of the Co
lumbia Athletic Club will be held In the
club's Golden Gate avenue arena to-night.
The main bout will be between W. Cole
and W. Decoursey. The preliminary bouta
will have as principals William Condon
and William Perry, Jack Dennis and Will
iam Martin. The betting at Corbett s on
the . Cole-Decoursey bout was at even
money last night.
lII*. \L ESTATE CITY— FOB SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT AND RESI-
DENCE PROPERTT.
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
Monday. February "6. I*oo.
At 12 O'clock Noon,
ADMINISTRATOR'S PALE.
SW. corner ISth and Shctwell ets.; store, cot-
tase of 4 rooms and J flats of I and 4 rooms;
rents $55; lot 35x90; subject •confirmation by
the court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. ZJ7?''
IT. 7 Jackson ct., S. line, near Scott st. : mod-
ern residence of 10 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation, etc.; lot 27 :ex127 :8 1 / i.
EXECUTRIX SALE.
Pierce rt.. weet line. JOO ft. north of Vallejo;
epaetous house m-lth large grounds; lot 76x
2»X); subject to confirmation by the court.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
NE. corner Sacramento and Devisadero sts.;
elegant modern residence of 12 rooms; beauti-
fully frescoed, with dance hall In attic; ele-
gant view; one of the fiaeet corner* in the
Weetera Addition; house comparatively new;
finished ba>*ment for banquet hall; all front
window in French plate glass; interior finished
in natural osk: fine art windows and up-to-date
in every r*-Fi't-ct : lot 52:3**1:2; tnurt be sold, as
owner intends residing abroad permanently.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
NW. cor I'aclflc and Sansome sts.; improve-
ments oensist of 4 stores and one dwelling;
rente 1113 per month; bcth streets accepted by
the city; lot 34xC7.
CHOICE RICHMOND COTTAGE.
112 12th aye.. near Lake ft. ; cottage of 4
rooms and bath: high basement and rtable; rent
j:i: lot 25x120: this prr>j.«rty faces the propoeed
new Panhandle, between the Park asd Presidio.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
FW. corner of 20th aad Eureka ste. ; modern
reeldence of 8 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc; commanding a fine view; lot 100x100.
MISSION COTTAGE.
S4l Eancfcet ct., E. line, near 16th ft.; bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; stable In rear; rent $15; lot
SSxM.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
SIS-J2O-522 Point Loboe aye.. N. line, near
Wood »t. ; 2-etory bay-winfiow house of 6 rooms
and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; lot MxSI:S.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery St.
RARE chance— New house of 6 rooms, bath and
' closets, all in modern Ftyle; carpenter shop
and outhouse* in back yard: lot 60x70; splendid
location, near Mission power house. Prospect
aye. ; street and sewer work done; worth over
jr«0; will sell f«r tl«SO on easy terms. Call on
the owner. 45 Proertect aye.. and look at it,
and If it suit* inquire of THISTLETON. 272
fttdnvi «.. Ocean View, or of McEWEN
BROS . 11* Montgomery et., agente.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to cell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN. £30 California et.
RUJIL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR EALE— A beautiful orchard home prop-
erty of StS acres, all in full bearing trees,
one-third prunes, the balance peaches, pears,
apricots and cherries, wtth grx>d Improve-
ments, situated In the warm foothill belt of
Santa Clara Valley, » miles west of San Jo»«.
« miles from Santa Clara and 4 miles from
Mountain View: paying a good Income; price
only $T5.000. For particulars address A. L.,
Call Agency, gan Jose.
A LOVELY INCOME HOME AND UNEQUAL-
«ED VALUE. - .-•¦-''.
SO acres rich loam: no adobe; fenced; 3 fields;
10 highly cultivated; 30 wooded hill pasture;
25 acres bearing orchard; 6-room residence;
large barn: poultry arransements: 3 living
springs, trout creek and w*-lls; fine road ad-
jacent to Napa; including stock and tools,
on'.r JK.OO.
N. D. SICKELS, the LAND AGENT,
1« Geary «t.. orP- Chronicle building. S. F.
M GRIFFIN. 719 Market et., near Call bldr..
Fe'.ls and exchanees city realty and farms in
all rarte of California: call on him.
1 W. HORN, Sl2 Main et., Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belrlan hares. Send
for fr»» llet nf Snnorpn County barralne.
"rooms for housekeeping.
CaLIPORNIA. 2S2J— Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men; breakfart if desired; private family;
r*?»*TTnce« exchanged.
FILLVOP.E, 2212, near Clay— s7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nic« yard ; water.
FOLSOM. 216-21* — Four to. clx housekeeping
rooms: complete; water and gas^
FOLSOM 834— Sunny bay-window room and
kitcipn, modem house; 112; also 1 houseke«p-
lng. IS; private.
GOUDBSf GATE aye., I«l&— Finely furnished
floot, complete: tun; bath; yard; cheap.
HARBISON. 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; bath;
rent t!3-
JOKE?, 2COI. cor. Greenwich— Two large sunny
furr.inhed housekeeping rooms; $10; others un-
furnished.
LEROY place, 114. bet. Jones & Leavenworth— 3 ;
very pleasant sunny housekeeping rooms: ti.
LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Poet-4 furnished
upstairs rooms; $15.
MORRIS aye., 37— Furnished room to let for
housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH offlce lor CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has b»*n established at the.
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets.; open till » p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 123 Polk st.; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement" and
rvcscrlptl'JSS has been established at 10*6 Va-
lerds st.
lIOOUS TO LET— Porn, and I'ntorn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14« Sixth— Rooms
Re to Jl per Mrht: tl 25 to S3 per week, und
Ufht housekeeping: open all night.
A--THE ELMEII HOUSE." 824 Bu*h St.. ad-
jclnlng the Rusi Hotel; 64 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA, 223 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT 142* Market et. (old No. 13M)-Fur-
tUaed rms.. culteg. tingle; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat»
a ye . — B unn y corner; well 1 furn.: rms. tc offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements »nd wubecriptlons
Vef»!ved «t Call branch offlce. 2200 FlUmore.
i 23 EDDT, near Van Nees aye.— Two newly
furnished and one unfurnished room to ltt.
For particulars call mornings.
FLLIS 752— Nicely furnished, large, very sunny
'front' room; bath; reasonable^
FOLSOM. T39-lArs;e room, fireplace: house-
keeping and elngle room*; sunny; reasonable.
FOLSOM. MS. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
FPANKLIN 21(Newport House)— Sunny rooms;
taV widows: run, water; gas; II 25 to 12 50.
CHART. «6 <The Navarre)-£leranuy t^Uh-
ed rooms, en eulte or single. MRS. H. HYEK.
UaTgHT. 100 — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms tingle or en suite. •
HANCOCK Uoum, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: tl 50 to 16 per week.
HOWARD. K2»-Clean. respectable: »c-»l P«
right: tl-O per week; Howard cars to door.
MINNA ta. corner Elghth-Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl P«r week; transient.
MISSION— «2— Nice eunny rooms, suitable for
cot/tle or two gentlemen; also housekeeping
rooms. '
KI??SION 1425— Front and back parlors; also
•!nrle room; suitable for 2 jenUemen; nicely
furniched and reagonable.
OTAKRELL, 2»-Buany furnished rooms and
c fSces; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROTAL Douse. 128 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles par-
lor; roome. per nlrht, 35c to II 60; week. « to
»• month. U to 130; elevator on offlc. floor,
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House, m & 321 Ellis st.-Rooms
nl/h"gcto tl: week. 31 25 to M: QP«n nigh*
SEVENTH. K£— Four eunny rooms; IS per
month, - .
fcHERMAN Apartment Houie. 28 Eighth St..
"ear Market— Furnlthed and unfurnished.
THE Oaks U» Third— A jrood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
jl BRANCH offloe for Call advertisements and
A ri^crV P Uons ha« been established at the
northWMit corner of Twenty-eeoond and Ken-
tncky ets.; open until * p. m.
A HRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
Osements and eub*crlpt!on« has been opened
. at 1223 Polk «t.: open till 8 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubecrlptlons has been established at ICJI Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS WAXTKIJ.
J^^T^rhTs^om^itlTlady who will care for
child during day. Sox 425». Call offlce.
kIJWI.VC MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
KENTED. repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4S <th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bourht. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pslrlng at lowest rat** 20S Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post it, cor. Powell; teL Main {711.
WILL RACE
FOR CUPS AT
BURLINGAME
An Elaborate Programme of
Sports Will Be Decided
To-Morrow, »i
The dashing horsemen of Burlingame
Country Club and of San Mateo County
Hunt have an ambitious programme of
sport prepared for them for to-morrow.
They will journey to Menlo Park, in the
morning and at 9 o'clock will gather about
the hospitable board of J. J. Moore, who
will entertain them at a hunt breakfast.
At 11 the hounds will be at Fair Oaks,
where the hunt will commence under the
direction of Francis J. Carolan, master of
the hunt. The line will be laid toward
the northward, the finish being near Bur-
Itngame.
At 2 o'clock the most spectacular part
of the sport will be commenced on the
race track owned by Walter S. Hobart.
There will be six races in all, the most
important being the. four-mile steeple
chase over stiff country, valuable . sliver
cups being offered in each event. The
lowest weight in all the races will be 165
pounds. Chief interest In the pony races
centers in the first appearance here of
those recently purchased in Southern Cal
ifornia by Captain W. H. McKittrlck. The
Burlingame men will do their best to re
tain the honors with the ponies which
have carried their colors before on the
San Mateo tracks. Lieutenant Haynes of
the Presidio will have the mount on the
McKittrick representatives. Among the
other well known amateur horsemen who
will don silk for the occasion will be Wal
ter S. Hobart. Peter Martin, F. J. Caro
lan, Charles Dunphy and others. The en
tries for the races are:
Quarter-mile, qualified polo ponies— R. M.
Tobln's Duke; Peter Martin's. Lady Jane Gray;
F. J. Carolan's 8choolglrl; Charles Dunphy's
Blackbird: Thomas Driscoll's Killarney; Ed
Tobln's Field Mouse, and W. E. Lester's Tam
bourine. .
Quarter-mile, race ponies 14.2 hands and un
der-Captain W. H. MoKittrlck's Grandee and
Pipapa; Peter Martin's Honest Robin; F. J.
Carolan's Lady Barbara; Hugh Hume's Spice;
W. E. Lester's Dum Dum, and Walter S. Ho
bart's Camanche and Slats.
Three-quarter-mile, for carriage horses, to
be trotted under saddle — Walter 8. Hobart' s
Ned Greenway; F. J. Carolan's Stella and Peter
Martin's Repete. '
Due d'Abruzsl cup race — W. El Lester's Mis
ter Buller; Peter Martin's Major Rathbone; R.
M. Tobin's Duke; Perry Eyre's Lizard, and
Walter S. Hobart' s Six Bits and Brandy.
. Flve-elghths-mile, for race ponies under M.t
hands— Captain W. H. McKlttrick's Pipapa and
Grandee; Peter Martin's Honest Robin; F. J.
Carolan's Fusillade; Hugh Hume's Bplce, and
Walter B. Hobart' s Camanche and Slats.
Point to point, four-mile pink-coat steeple
chase — Peter Martin's Ramnera; F. J. Carolan's
Diana and Scarborough, and W. S. Hobart' s
Mestor. Royalty and Comet.
BOXERS TO
GOME FROM
THE EAST
Acknowledged Champions in
Various Classes to Appear
in Olympic Club,
The boxing and wrestltngr tournament of
the Olympic Athletic Club has suddenly-
Jumped into prominence with the comple
tion in the East of the annual champion
ship meeting of the Amateur Athletic
Union. Through the generosity of the
directorate of the Olympic Club the
champion of each class will Journey to
this coast to meet the best the local clubs
can send forth.
Boxins:— William Cullen, 103 pounds. Union
Settlement Athletic Club: Hu*h Murphy. 115,
Bartholomew Athletic Club; John L. Scholes,
125, Canadian. English and American cham
pion: John J. Hopkins, 135. Union Settlement
Club: J. J. Dukelow. 155. Rochester Athletic
Club, and William Rodenbach, 153, New West
side Club.
Wrestling"— W; L. Nelson. 105 pounds; Joseph
Renzland. 115; August Kursman. 125. and Max
Wiley. 133, 145 and 158-pound classes, all of St.
George Ahtletlc Club.
The local boxers who have already en
tered the lists are:
Bantam welrhts, 115 pounds — Frank McCon
nell Jr. and D. Danzlger.
Feather weight, 125— W. J. Leonar.
Lightweights. 135— D. CarroU. W. Eager,
James Brltt and James Mulligan.
Welterweights, 145— William Oooby and J. W.
Finck. with probably three men from Reliance
Athletic Club.
Middle-weights— Stewart Simpson and Joseph
Doyle.
Heavy-weight— Clement Mllward.
Wrestlers— l3s-pound class— James A. McKen
zie and W. McLaren.
155-pound— G. A. Hensley, CD. Pentony and
Arthur Bruman.
145-pound — J. 11. Splro and C. S. Pray.
158-pound— F. B. Bayly and William F.
Noethls.
Heavy-weight— W. R. McCullough and Fred
Haberly.
Cullen and Nelson, the Eastern men In
the 105-pound class, will not come unless
they agree to go in the next higher class.
as there is no one of their weight here to
meet them. The athletes are to leave New
York on the Sunset limited on Saturday
and are due here next Wednesday at 8:30
a. m. As they are all In fine condition
now, the rest, together with the week's
training 1 , will do them good. All regis
tered ameateurs are eligible, whether at
tached to clubs or not. There, is still
time to register, blanks being obtainable
at the Olympic Club.
The regular ladies' night will be held
at the Olympic Club to-night. A fine pro
gramme has been prepared. Chief of
Police W. P. Sullivan and the members of
the Police Commission have been especi
ally invited by the directors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
NttCTIIRn.I PACIFIC ConrAJll.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Truimi irntp itiul nr» «ln« (a nrrlve •*
K.4N FICtXCIftCO.
OUln.Line. Foot of Market Street) ¦
uati — Frou Decxube* 13, 1339. — Ajutrrs
•7:«Oa Eeniria, Bulsud, Emir», VaeaTQle, ¦
Bmasey and Sacrmjcnto ; *?*43>
•7:00 a Skasts, Express— Darin, Willows.
Bed Bluff. Portland *7»43»
•7s3Oa Martinez, Uao Ramon, Vallejo. Napa»
Callstcga awl Santa Bnsa •OtlSy
*SsBoa The Overland Limited— Osden. Dea- '
»er. Omaha. Chicago *3if3y
•SiSc-a Ban Jose, f.mriuore, Htockt-w, v .
lose, i&craincuto, FlacerviUe,
- M.ir>B»i:io. iiisco. i:«iii::»:r Mimj
•*i3»a •Milton. Oak dale ami Sonera MjlSf
*S:0O* HaywsrJs, Niles arul Way stations. M 1i43«
•»:©Oa Dstls, Woodland. Knishts Landing
ilarysrllle, Oro»Ulo_ *7:I3»
• DsOO* AtUullJ Kxpreu— Ogdan and East •U:l3*
••:OOa Martinez, Tracy. LaUirop. Stockton. y
Jlcrcilaud L'rcnao. •12t13r
•Bi*j«a Tort Costa, i'resuo. llojare ami Los
Augelra •a>-t.ls>
•10:00 1 Valid i. Martinez and Way Stations *B: ir,»
•1 1 :OOa Ha jirax Js, K lira ard Way SUtions. *Ss43sj
•ISIxOOx Niles, LJvermore. Stockton, Macro.
st-nto. Mcndota. llanfoxd. Vuaiij,
Fcrterrillo *4tlS«
<l:O«p Sacramento i:iTerBfenm«T9 **tOO»i
•SiOOp Uaywards. NUcs acd Waj Stations. •3M3»
•4V:O»r MartiuHX, Han Uamon. VaUeJo,
Napa, Callstogit. tiaiita Rosa **tl3*
•41i««r BenlcJa, Vacat llle, hacraiuenlow
Woouland, Knights Landing,
MarjaTl;!:-. Oro»il!o •lOj-i3»
MiSOt Mies. Ban Jnjoam! Stockton •7U3#
•S:«N»rTbo Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno,
BakenoeM. tiangas for 6anU Bar-
bara. Los Angela M«i43.fc
«3<oor Sunset Ui, iseU— hi Faso. Xc» Or-
leacsanrt East ei^rlS*
•3i3or Stockton. Mcrcetl. Fr-ano Mtf:l-i?
¦3t3or Fresno. lUkeraiioM. banU Barbara,
Los Acseles. Demlng; £1 ri.o,
New Orlcan3 snd East •9:4.1*
•3i3Or Hkiit* V'n llimtt, — Atlantic Express
for JliiUi'i ami East ¦¦rl.lv
•O:OOp XlaywarUa, Xiles ami San Joto *T; l» »
f«:3Or Vallejo »I3tI.TF
•0:3«»r Oriental Mai!— Og lon and Ea«t «»:S»f
17:00r Veiled Fort C'oaia and Way Sta-
tions. 19:53*
•SiO3r Oreson aad California Kxi>reu,Hao>
ramento, Marystllle, Ki-.LIImk,
Portion.!. Puget Soim.l ami I'aat «*i!3|
COAST DIfISIOS (Narrow (ixugt).
(Foot ct Market Street)
•tUl3AN«wark.C'eutt.TTi.l<\.S»nJaj«. fcVUon.
UonlUur Creek, Sauta Cruz and Way
HUtluua , ¦3tO«S
tZilSr Newark, Centervllle. San Jose, New
Almaien, Folton, i:oult!er Creek.
Banta Cruz sod Viincloal Way
Stations flwrfl**
>'Mtl3r Newark. Baa Jose. Lcs Catoa. •S>s!v« >
IllMSp Unnters* Excursion. San Jess and
WayStaticrs HB***H 8 ***
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
rtimSn rat SCISCO— Fust *r Jluktt SlmMSlipS}—
•7:15 9.00 11:00 a.M. }I:C3 *S:C3 t3:C9
•i:C3 tS:C3 '6:03 r.M.
rr»m OAIURB— U»l •fttuiwiLj.— *B:«o 8:00 10:Cfl«.a.
t!2:C3 '1:03 t3:S3 »3::3 ti:C3 -SiCCf.a.
COAST DIVISION (Broail G«nge).
(Third aiid TownaeiMl Sta.)
t«ilOA Oceau View. South tUn Francisco.. ttti3osj
•7:»Oa Man Joae m»l Way Stations (New
;' ' Almsdcu Wednesdays onlj) *liSo#
»ettO»A H»n Jose. Ties riuos. Hunt it Cms.
' Pacitia OrofA. Paso Koines, Ban
• I.nU OliHro, Barf. Lompoo auJ
Frluclrsi Way Stations J Mijw*
¦14U40* Baa Joso «»U Way SUUons \ •O:S3*
•IH3O* Ban Joso and Way Stations •3i30»
• : «*r43r San Matra, ltedwood. .Menlo Pars;
• Palo Alto, Sant* Clara. San.loae.
, Tns Flaos. Santa Cruz. SaUnaa,
Monteiej ami l'acfdo Gr0ve...... tlOttfl*
'wS:3»r Km Joan a.i<i Way Station. *?i3»e
fltlSr Saa JoaoanU Principal Way Stations •*.' t.Vt
43:«0r San Jose and Principal Wa7 SUUons !•¦¦¦*
*3:30f San Joie and Priacinal Way SUUons ¦•:::.">«,
•«t:iOr6an Joeeond Way Stations t« : n<u
t11:4.1r 9an Joso and Way SUtions »7s3tfy
A for Morning. P fox Afternoon.
* Daily. t Sunday executed. t Sunday ooly.
6 Saturday cnly:
AZsesdavs and Fridays • Thursdays aad Scndat v
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO!
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 13:33.
J:36. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri[>
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:5'J
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAY?— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:53 and 6:3J p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8 :10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:03.
6:25 ». m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc
same schedule as above. -
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
October 15, i •
Week Sun- 1*99. Sun- We?k
Days. days. Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am . Novato. 10:40 am] 3:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmlO:2."> am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 aia
Ilealdsbursr.
Lytton.
OeysTvllle,
S:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:Spm
7:30 ami Ilopland and! !
| 3:00 am Uklah. | 7:33 pra; «:23 prn
7:30 am 10:25 ara
3:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm j | I:C pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am' 8:40 ana
and [
E:l9 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:0S pm! 8:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebajtopoL 110:43 am; 10: 25 am
3:3i>pm| 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pmi «:2J pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Ska^gs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, S. «L.i Itay. Lak»-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Eprinfrs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lak»*, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day* 3. Riverside, Llerl^y'si.
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"s
Hot Springs, Mendoolno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonville. Cum-
mine's, Bell's Springs. Harris. Otsen's. Dyetv
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San .Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. CO Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This is Che quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fr anciscoi
5 P.JI. .Monday, Wednesday, Friday* and
ssturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.il la time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYddfcc P- «. with Palace and Tourist
i\ all v car » for Kans » s CUT, St. Lonia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Vtsalia, Tulare rm a n
and Bakexsfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
¦FD!C,m SfiflN Market Street, Phone Mai a
TKI3IU ZVVIH 1531 . Oakland, Hid Broad-
way; Sacramento, 2CI. J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satisalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1839.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND 9AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— TiCO, *9.a0. 11:00 a. m.; «1:«.
*S:4O. 5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at A:00 and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00 i. •10:00. 11:30 a. m,; "XUa,
1:15. M:4S. 4:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Qu»ntin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS/-s:tt, **:33. 7:<5, •S.tU a. m-i
•12:20. 1:15. «3:«: # 5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 6: W and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. »S:3O. 10:00. 11:4$ a. m.;
n:4O. •»:«. 4:43. ««:30 v. m.
Trains marked «•) start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCI3CQ.
WEEK DAYS— 3:I3. «:45. 7:55, 1:43 a. m.;
U:K, 2:35. 3:43. 3:2) p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— B:O3. 10:05 a. m. ; 1X:«S. 2:13. I:Z^
1:00. C:C p. m.
THROUOH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Casadero and way etstlona.
1:44 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales snd way stations.
I UJO *. ra. Sua Jays— To males and war statlooa.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
•w wharf, San Francisco:
RV^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
tSJFjgW. Feb. 20. 25; Mar. 2. Change
IfgiSgJlfcsw to company's steamers at
Ef£M3M >Ai For Victoria, Vancouver
KwaK^^rai (B. C), Port Townsend.
/^^^KlgftlPfl Seattle. Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New What- i
fom (Wash.). 10 a. m., Feb. !
20, 23; Mar. 2, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to >.". P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. ra., Feb.
18, 23, 28, Mar. 6, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ncos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota.
Banta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m., Feb. 16, 20. 24, 2S, Mar. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.'
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. 18. 22, 26, Mar. 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINB & CO., Gea. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DIBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sveav-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE Xl 2 First Class Including Berth
FAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27, Mar. 9, 19
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 22, March 4. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. .WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS « CO..
. Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
ICSW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 19 a, m.
St. Louis Feb. 21 St. Paul March 14
FrleMand Feb. 2$ Kensington ..March 21
New Tork ....March 7 New Tork ....March 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York; °od Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 1J noon.
Noordland Feb. 211 We«ternland .March 14
Frlemland Feb. 28 1 Kensington ..March 21
Eouthwark ...March 7lNooniland ...March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St Mlcbael, Cawson City.
; For full information regarding freight and
' passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO* Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISDA.
STEAJ4ERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for TOKAHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONO MARU ?.Bat&rday. March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAONIB 6KNERALX TBANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^^
Sailing every Thursday instead of <TfTr>
Saturday, from November S, 1839, at ¦«'*t^£*».
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. : LA GASCOGNE, Feb. 12; LA TOU-
RAINE. March 1- LA BRETAONE. March i;
L'AQUITAINE, March 15. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $45: S per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, tS Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FTJGAZI & CO.. Paciflo
Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. Ban Fran-
cisco.
fHVKMIft: The 8. S. Alameda
JwAAaIU, ialls vla Honolulu and
, w K t frm " am Auckland for Sydney
y™. -—^ Wednesday. Feb. 11.
CbiS^ L* -1 at Bn, in.
!SfftnKnine) Th « s - a - AnstralU
G)luIlllJlliy v .gji, tor Honolulu
fOdlfiflfZil- Wednesday. March T.
VUUI pUIIeT ijoo. at 1 p. ra.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Farnoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues.
England, etc.; 1610 erst class.
I D. SfrtctK&Lb « U (vO3. CO.. Agts., (14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FretoMOfflpe.aa? Market St
BAY AND BIVEB BTTSATVTT'.TtS,
"lorTsTnayy yard and yallejo.
Steamer "Montlccllo."
iiON., Tues.. Wed,. Thurs. and Eat. at 9:43
a. m. : J:l5, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:50: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p m. Landing and offlce. Wanton-street Dock.
Pier No. t. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE -M*
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMAL'PfUS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Saa Francisco via Sauialito Ferry.
Week days— — — — •:» a. m. and l:4i p. ra.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and IMS p. m>
Btsarn-heated closed car en all trians.
Fare— Sao Francisco to Bummlt aad Return,
C4Bv •
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXT AT. Established
I in 1 554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease rearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
| others fall. Try him. Charges low
|Cor»«rn»riißlrfd. Callorwrite.
IB BON. n«x 1937. San Frandsca
Time xa ;25U: H. :61%4. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, J.
Naglee' Burk's eh. f., by Brioso-Andante* Going Just suited the winner. Artena will Im
prove. On Tin^wUl win sron^^Coupl^^jth^Ar^n^^
815. SECOND RACE3 — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Time— >-4 :i3; «t :S8; %, 1:02; %. I:2SVi. Good start. Won easily, second easily. Winner. H.
Corrigan's b.' g.. by Ben All-Hot Springs. Winner galloped. Race a farce. Scratched—
Zoroaster 109, Flamora 95. n ¦ ;_ •
816. THIRD RACE— MiIe and a half; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Time— Vi' '26* H.-:sMi:'%, l:19tt: mile, '1:46%: Him, 2:12»4; lHm. 2:41. Good start. Won easily,
second driving. Winner, E. Corrlgan's eh. t., by Montana Regent-Geneva. Chlmura won at
leisure. Calvert was fortunate to be second. Scratched— Meadowthorpe HI. Espionage 101.
RIO CMCO ffilriji->-ij-^-\^-u-u-o-li-0-^^
817. - FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling*; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— V* -25- Vi, :49tt; %. 1:15 Good start. Won easily. »«cond and third driving. Winner,
B schre'iber's br. c., by Boundless-Parolee. Away poorly, Boundlee.was much the best.
TJzona lacked speed- Modwena a disappointment. Scratched— Jingle Jingle 104, Ailenna 94.
818. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selllnsr; four-year-olds and upward: purse, 1400.
11
Index. Horse. Wrtght.'st. Km. Km. %m. Btr. Fin.
~776 Intrada 115 ~7 6 1 ... 12
809 <*n Time "f 8 1 1 ... J 3
... Artena 115 J ... ¦ ... 3* ... 8 3
645 Briton ...... 11» 4 6 8 ... 4 1
779 Follow Me 118 » » ... 6 1
779 Lily Simpson ..116 2 ... ... 8 1 ... 6 2
... Countess Clara Ho 8 ... ... 8 1 ... 7 5
779 Forbes • »» 5 4 1 ... 8 6
791 Floranthe .T.116| 1 ... ... 7 1 ... 9
I , lßettlnr.
[ Jockeys. |Op. CL
~ Bullman 3 14-B
Henry S I
Hennessey ... (-6 1
T. Walsh 10 20
Glover 20 75
Spencer • •
I. Powell 15 M
Morgan ....... 15 IS
El R0b5........ 8 30
de:
x.- Horse. Age. Weight fsT
%m.
Km.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
[Op 7
Cl.
<805) Geyser, 6..... 112 I
(799) Tlmemaker, 6 11» 8
796 Dr. Marks. 6 113 1
»5
1 1
»
1 n
2 13
3
1 4
2 20
3
1 (
2 20
8
1 11 IBpencw 1-4 1-4
215 T. 8um5...... 7-2 4
» T. Walsh 100 200
Index. Horse. Are. Welght|St. Std. Km. %m.
1 793 Chlmura, *.... l<*> 1 ¦ j~Z JH 1»
(8(M) Tom Calvert. 8......105 2 8 t S
633 Anchored. < Xol| 3 12 tt H
%m.
Str. Fin. | Jockey». |Op. Ct
18 16 Bulirnan 2-5 9-20
3 tV4 Vittltoe ....... 1 2
!4 » J. Da1y........ SO 25
Btr.
Pin.
Index, Hor»e. Age. Weight. |St.
(802) Boundle*. 8 105 7
774.Genua, *-—-"~y~} ( * *
758 Mary Ktnsella, 6... 105 5
798 Jael, 6... 105 2
773 Tlxona, 3 99 «
(801) Modwena, 4 IN 8
782 Gold Bug a 107 S
«18 Yaruba, * --lO* X
Horse.
Age. Weight. |St.
Hm..
Km.
% 1
6 1
18 '
m
8
6H
H«.
\m.
3 4
.16
c l
' 2b
4 1 .
6 4
. 8
75
\m.
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CL
T« 11 ißullman I 3-5 T8
22. 22 Phelan 8 S
4 2 8 n Vlttltoe 6 5
3 1 4 6 J. Daly SO SO
stt 61 Henry 10 10
820 620 T. Walnh 10 10
8 7 3 E. Roes E0 100
7 1 8 [Tullett 40 IQO
Index. Hor«e. Are. Weight. (St.
ndex. Horte. Are. Weight. ISt.
678 Don Quixote. B 109 1
785 Tallac, ?4 1M 8
785 Torslna, a. 107 8
724 Nora I*e«. 4........1 M 10
785 Los Prletos. 5.. .....109 9
785 Ban Augustine, 4...10G ]
801 Mlbs Reel, 4 ...104 5
785 Fashion Plate, a... .111 .7
803 IXincard. 6. :....... .109 4
785 Melvln Burnh&m. 5.109 8
Km.
Urn.
Mm.
2 n
- ss|
8 2
6 1
W
8 h
92
Mm.
. 4 H I
c s
18
21
7 1
3*
53
9
8b
10
\m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.- | Jockeys. |Qp. c|.
1n . Spencer I 2 7^5
2H Henry 15 10
8 H Bullman 8-5 t
41 T. Walsh : 10 U
5h Helnson SO 20
18 I. Powell. 20 «0
7 5 Vlttitoe 15 Vt
8 J PlKffott 8 1-2
9 8 H. Shields 80 *>
10 E. Robs... 8 15
Fin.
Jockeys.
lOp.
:ndex.
Horse.
Welrht.|St.
Hm.
Km.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
CJ.
613 Wallenstetn 109 6
808 Aborigine ...........10© 3
762 Mont Eagle 109 4
750- Sunello 109 I,
784 Jolly 8rit0n..... ....109 1
802 Tomalt '"..:.. ..109 <
1 n
i»
5 2
1H
3 h
5 2
8
4 h
t»
12
2 h
4 1
6
8h
18
2 2
45
55
i
18 Bp«flcer 2-5
2 1 H. Shields 15
8 h Henry 3
420 Bullman 5
(H E. R0bb.. ...... 20
< \ Baaslnger .... 80
1-8
80
9-2
9-2
80
100
Index. Hor«e. Are. Weight. (St.
ndex. Horte. Are. Weight. ISt.
678 Don Quixote. B 109 1
785 Tallac, ?4 1M 8
785 Torslna, a. 107 8
724 Nora I*e«. 4........1 M 10
785 Los Prletos. 5.. .....109 9
785 Ban Augustine, 4...10G ]
801 Mlbs Reel, 4 ...104 5
785 Fashion Plate, a... .111 .7
803 IXincard. 6. :....... .109 4
785 Melvln Burnh&m. 5.109 8
Km.
Urn.
Mm.
2 n
- ss|
8 2
6 1
W
8 h
92
Mm.
. 4 H I
c s
18
21
7 1
3*
53
9
8b
10
\m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.- | Jockeys. |Qp. c|.
1n . Spencer I 2 7^5
2H Henry 15 10
8 H Bullman 8-5 t
41 T. Walsh : 10 U
5h Helnson SO 20
18 I. Powell. 20 «0
7 5 Vlttitoe 15 Vt
8 J PlKffott 8 1-2
9 8 H. Shields 80 *>
10 E. Robs... 8 15
Fin.
Jockeys.
lOp.
Index, Hor»e. Age. Weight. |St.
(802) Boundle*. 8 105 7
774.Genua, *-—-"~y~} ( * *
758 Mary Ktnsella, 6... 105 5
798 Jael, 6... 105 2
773 Tlxona, 3 99 «
(801) Modwena, 4 IN 8
782 Gold Bug a 107 S
«18 Yaruba, * --lO* X
Horse.
Age. Weight. |St.
Hm..
Km.
% 1
6 1
18 '
m
8
6H
H«.
\m.
3 4
.16
c l
' 2b
4 1 .
6 4
. 8
75
\m.
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CL
T« 11 ißullman I 3-5 T8
22. 22 Phelan 8 S
4 2 8 n Vlttltoe 6 5
3 1 4 6 J. Daly SO SO
stt 61 Henry 10 10
820 620 T. Walnh 10 10
8 7 3 E. Roes E0 100
7 1 8 [Tullett 40 IQO
de:
x.- Horse. Age. Weight fsT
%m.
Km.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
[Op 7
Cl.
<805) Geyser, 6..... 112 I
(799) Tlmemaker, 6 11» 8
796 Dr. Marks. 6 113 1
»5
1 1
»
1 n
2 13
3
1 4
2 20
3
1 (
2 20
8
1 11 IBpencw 1-4 1-4
215 T. 8um5...... 7-2 4
» T. Walsh 100 200
Index. Horse. Wrtght.'st. Km. Km. %m. Btr. Fin.
~776 Intrada 115 ~7 6 1 ... 12
809 <*n Time "f 8 1 1 ... J 3
... Artena 115 J ... ¦ ... 3* ... 8 3
645 Briton ...... 11» 4 6 8 ... 4 1
779 Follow Me 118 » » ... 6 1
779 Lily Simpson ..116 2 ... ... 8 1 ... 6 2
... Countess Clara Ho 8 ... ... 8 1 ... 7 5
779 Forbes • »» 5 4 1 ... 8 6
791 Floranthe .T.116| 1 ... ... 7 1 ... 9
I , lßettlnr.
[ Jockeys. |Op. CL
~ Bullman 3 14-B
Henry S I
Hennessey ... (-6 1
T. Walsh 10 20
Glover 20 75
Spencer • •
I. Powell 15 M
Morgan ....... 15 IS
El R0b5........ 8 30
Index. Horse. Are. Welght|St. Std. Km. %m.
1 793 Chlmura, *.... l<*> 1 ¦ j~Z JH 1»
(8(M) Tom Calvert. 8......105 2 8 t S
633 Anchored. < Xol| 3 12 tt H
%m.
Str. Fin. | Jockey». |Op. Ct
18 16 Bulirnan 2-5 9-20
3 tV4 Vittltoe ....... 1 2
!4 » J. Da1y........ SO 25
Btr.
Pin.
:ndex.
Horse.
Welrht.|St.
Hm.
Km.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
CJ.
613 Wallenstetn 109 6
808 Aborigine ...........10© 3
762 Mont Eagle 109 4
750- Sunello 109 I,
784 Jolly 8rit0n..... ....109 1
802 Tomalt '"..:.. ..109 <
1 n
i»
5 2
1H
3 h
5 2
8
4 h
t»
12
2 h
4 1
6
8h
18
2 2
45
55
i
18 Bp«flcer 2-5
2 1 H. Shields 15
8 h Henry 3
420 Bullman 5
(H E. R0bb.. ...... 20
< \ Baaslnger .... 80
1-8
80
9-2
9-2
80
100MUST BE PUNISHED.
E. H. Ellsworth's Appeal to the Su
preme Court of No Avail.
E. H. Ellsworth, editor of a little paper
In Mendoclno County, shot and killed
Constable Dixon at the railroad station
at Montague in 1898. The editor had been
in trouble in the way of attaenment suits
and libel cases, and at the time of the
tragedy he and his wife were about to
visit this city. Ellsworth was a nervous
excitable man and he declared that he
would 1:111 any one who attempted to mo
lest him. "When Constable Dixan ap
peared at the station to serve upon him a
warrant for libel Ellsworth flred two
shots from a revolver that he aad con
cealed in his coat pocket, proiucln^
wounds that resulted ln the officer s death
a ff-w days later.
At the trial the defense set up the
plea of in«anity and attempted to Intro
duce testimony as to events taking place
a lone time before the shooting. This the
trial Judge refused to allow to bd admit
ted, and after Ellsworth was lojnd
gu!lty of murder ln the second degre-j
the prisoner appealed to the Supreme
Court, setting up that the refmal of the
Judge to admit the testimony was a vital
error. Yesterday the Supreme Court
passed upon the matter and found that
no error, had been committed, which will
necessitate Ellsworth's stay for a tlm<j in
the State Prison-
A New Deal.
The well-known "Westerfeld's bakery and
restaurant, 1035 Market st.. Is now under en
tirely new management: everything up-to-date.*
THE doafis loosened up a bit Monday
nifcrnt and yesterday and the extent
of the ehower is only equaled by
the width of the farmers' smile.
Both extend from Central California
north up into Washington and the sons
of the sod are Floshlng: around ln their
higt: boots and figTirinp on what the drops
¦will add to their incomes. : _ .
For some places ln Northern California
It has come Just in the nick of time, in
ethers It was not so badly needed, but
In no place has it done any harm and in
uearly all it has benefited all but the
chronically ungrateful. It has so far,
given the dry laugh to the southern end
of this State, however, but the farmers
are trying to "root" it on by discerning:
/£gs»ji*jiiw I "will raarante«
J§£s£&ZfcX?sk that my Rheumatism
£2SKsgC£qS£3 Cure will reliere luxn-
JPr b a *°« 'Viatica and all
W4 g$M rlienmati e pains in
W £?*+£-«?*¥ tw ° or tJjree bour*,
v "? ' I*2*7 and cure la & **'*
V MUNTON.
W^sw—^^-flffiw At •II dmsprists,
25c - a Tial - Gnld e
TK4^lS2aKS£f to Health and medi-
1 ' I 1r ca * ac^ T i cw trte.
» * 1506 Arch «t.. Phlla.
| I 9 J H I Xi I I y*/ If 1 B H f%iT. I
Come, See.
Extra Double Prcmimns
Extra Doable Tickets
Given Free with
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Come juit to See.
Great Affierican Importiaa: Tea Gs
Stores Brerjrwliere*
acoo Stores.
i: Palace and J
:: Grand Hotels !!
' ' Fcr nearly a quarter of a century th« ' '
' ' leading: hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
; < ' With added lrncrovejnenta and con- < >
t venlences they continue to be the head- • i
a quarters for tourists and travelers via- . .
ltlne San Francisco.
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. , ,
T Manar«r. ?
it* -*- AA tttti mm i
Oppression, Suffocation, KenraJgla, etc., enradbj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDEB
FirU. t. ESPIO : H«w Totk. S. TOUBMLa * Ctt
SOLD BT AXX. DRUOOISTa
EMMA SPRECKELS BUILDING,
927 Market Street,
fanny. Cheerful Office* 515.00.
IA/. X. HESS,
T.aUx Floor. Room iou Clau, SprocteU
. Tclephon* Brown sn. •»«••
tSrss&j? c * morn * *«•• blow powu
l^^^lßcS3S'Si{JH:sSßiSl
SUSPECTED POOLROOM
FOR WOMEN RAIDED
Chief Sullivan was notified on Monday
afternoon that a number of women were
ln the habit of visiting room 10, 632 Market
street, and he Instructed Captain Splllane
to Investigate. Lieutenant Mooney and
Policemen McGrayan, Laws and Conlon
were detailed on the case, and when they
reached the room they found twenty
seven women there and two men. When
the women saw the officers there was the
wildest excitement, as they all Imagined
they were to be arrested.
The place was run by Jones & Johnson;
at least, these were the names they gave,
and they denied that they sold pools on
races, as was expected, saying they dealt
only In margins on the Eastern markets.
There was no evidence of poolselllng ob
tained to warrant any arrests, and after
taking a few names of the women, which
were all fictitious, the officers withdrew.
The Chief, however, ordered that the
place should be blockaded, and an officer
has been stationed there since.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
Mexico and Oklahoma each elect six
delegates and six alternate delegates,
and that Alaska elect four delegates
and four alternate delegates, and the
admission of such additional delegates
to the convention Is hereby recom
mended. All notices of contest shall
be submitted ln writing, accompanied
by a printed statement setting forth
the grounds of contest, which shall be
filed with the secretary of the national
committee twenty days prior to the
meeting of the national convention-
Contests will be acted on by the na
tional convention in the order of. the
date of filing of notice and statement
with the secretary.
M. A. HANNA. Chairman.
CHARLES DICK. Secretary.
Ijocal Committee.
The motion to appoint a committee was
seconded by Mr. Hennessey. In support
of the motion Mr. Bouvier remarked that
It was common report that some of the
members of the Congressional committees
ln the Fourth and Fifth districts had
been named by bosses outside of the con
vention. He thought it was time to in
quire why the county committee repre
senting the Republicans in these Congres
sional districts should not have a voice
ln forming the State and Congressional
District conventions. He expressed the
opinion that district commltteemen would
recognize the county committee.
The motion prevailed without a dissent
ing vote. The chair appointed J. C. Zel
lerbach, Lincoln D. McDonald and I. J.
Truman Jr. to act with Alfred Bouvier
and James A. Wilson in expressing tho
wishes of the county committee. The
executive committee adjourned to meet
at the call of the chairman.
la now Juggling with highs and lows, and
If It can arrange them properly It may
be able to persuade the southbound
clouds to hold on a little longer until they
get over a good thing or they may not
meet with the appreciation they deserve.
Anyway, another day will tell what Is
going to happen. ¦ - .-.:
The Weather Bureau Rives the following
summary of the rainfall to date: __
Last • This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
£""*» ;; 1-70 37.14 i 5.77
Red Bluff 0.66 16.21 13 U
Sacramento 0.16 13.89 7 85
San Francisco 0.50 15 09 7 77
?™ sno ¦ 0-02 6.20 3.8«
Independence 0.00 2 12 11?
San Luis Obispo 0.00 1257 7 15
T^oa Angreles 0.00 4.57 2.'9«
Yum » 0.00 0.75 1.34
record If not a reputation. It was only a
suggestion, but it served to make Santa
Barbara an exception to the dry rule.
A. LI u^ been s °me snow on a few of
i5 c higher of the southern mountains, but
tnat does not count,. although later on it
will serve for helping along with the ir
rigating ditches, for if something is not
do n& skyward pretty soon the ditches
will be the only resort of the parched
farms.
Much Is expected of the second half,
however, and If it lives up to hopes it will
rise from the dignity of a shower and
become quite a respectable storm of rain.
V- ca P hardly be too much down south,
but if it plays on all alike it will drown
??\ 1 !? 6 " 1 end ot the . state while
It Is filling the ground down south. The
<; e^i he siH u r^ a ? *!** h °P es . however, that
It will distribute Its favors. The bureau
says, and the second Is due, but like the
Southern Pacific trains the time of Its
arrival is somewhat problematical. It
will be along in a day or so anyway, and
it is believed the second installment will
travel farther than its forerunner as well
as farther inland.
In the central and northern parts of
California the rain has been pretty gen
eral, and it has Inspired everything with
any vegetable ambition at all to come up
over the ground and show itself. Weeds
and thistles have already accepted the
implied invitation and grass is rapidly
following.
The southern end of the State is still
waiting, however, with the exception of
Santa Barbara, which, in order to go its
neighbors one better. Inveigled a few
drops to cross over the county line and
fall where they . would at least make a
THE SOUTH.
THE NORTH.
rain-bearing clouds after dark, reshlng
llng roofs and sheds, buying extra um
brellas and snufling the air and swearing
It feels damp. Rain Is badly needed in the
south. South of the Tehachapl, one tele
gram says. It has so far been the lightest
fall ln many years. In Fresno there are
no indications of approaching downpours.
On top of that Sacramento Is feeling a
little bad because the weather is Inter
fering with the plowing; not that It is in
terfering very much, but the farmers up
there want to be heard and also to let
their brothers further south know there
is plenty falling around the capital.
The weather bureau declares the rain is
the first of a two-part shower that Is
coming in from the ocean over the north
ern coast and has turned southward to
take us in. The first part has passed, it
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA JUBILANT,
SOUTHERN PRAYING FOR RAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ -^^-^
CHALYS
DIMITIES.
SPRING 1900.
Our importations of FRENCH PRINTED
CHALYS for Spring are now readu for in-
spection, having received during the past
week a large shipment of these goods. Theo
come in Handsome Floral Designs, Silk
Stripes, Dots and Figures, 1 also Plain Colors,
We will also show this week 15 Cases
New SCOTCH and IRISH PRINTED DIMITIES,
In Stripes, Floral Designs and Small and
Medium Figures. The colorings of these
Dimities are New Blues, Greens, Pinks and
Lavender. .
SPECIAL!
25,000 pieces New FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACES (EDGINGS and INSERTINGS;)
20c to $1.00 piece.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
CORRIGAN TEACHES THE
PUBLIC A COSTLY LESSON
Duped Horsemen Raise a Howl of Dismay
at the Track of Tanforan.
Four Races Deliberately Given to the Hawthorne
Gambler Without the Semblance of a
Contest
¦
IF the Western Turf Association
of Tanforan seeks to ruin the
California racing game its plans
are well laid. One or two days
more of sport like that of yester
day and a Maxim gun turned on the
betting ring would not kill over six layers
of odds iind twenty-three spectators.
Ilacts were framed to suit Corrigan's
bones with a nakedness that was shame
ful. When Caller McGibben announced
the result of the second event, won gal
loping by Geyser, the bookmakers, who
had been hoodwinked into thinking Zo
roasu-r would be a starter, jeered and
hooted at the result. It was a scene
never before witnessed in a California bet
ting ring. Chimura. Don Quixote and
Wailenstein. which also sported the colors
of Corrigran, were returned winners at
ridiculously short odds.
Such methods as these are not only dis
creditable and Injurious to legitimate rac
ing, but are criminal. Sure-thing gam
blurs would not resort to more dishonor
able scheming with which to fleece the
public and rob them in practically open
a.:id shameless effrontry. Four out of six
races were captured by Corrigan. not
through legitimate means, but by trickery.
The race? were arranged to suit Corri
gan's fancy. They were fixed to meet his
necessities. His horses were sent to the
barrier without competitors, possibly
winners being entered and then scratched
to deceive the public and the bookmakers
alike. One of Corrigan's horses cantered
In a winner by twelve lengths. The affair
would have been a farce had it not been
an outrage.
The nubile saw yesterday the explana
tion of why bo many men become dupes
of the racecourse as Corrigan understands
and manipulates the game. It Is not even
pambling. much less a legitimate sport ln
which s^peed and condition play important
parts. Corrlgun had the day to himseif
and Illustrated that the only privilege left
to the public is to lose its money through
a palpable fraud. An analysis of the rac
ing chart proves that yesterday Corrl
£an's horses did not compete in a single
race, ills horses won four prearranged
frauds for which the public paid the price
in their money and in a lesson in that ex
perience which proverbially costs a great
deal more than it is worth. Corrigan's
colors Hashing first under the winning
wire is the proof of another steal legal
ized by a truculent track management.
The historian of racecourse crimes and
i disasters, deaths and disgraces has con
fined.himself largely to the tragic stories
of the dishonor and death that has come
to clerks, cashiers and uninitiated dupes.
If this sort of thing continues despondent
suicidal horse owners will head the swell
ing list.
Boundlee, from Schreiber's stables, cap
tured his race, starting a 3 to 5 chance,
while Intrada, a second choice, took the
first number. '
A drizzling rain fell throughout the aft
ernoon, and enly a handful of people
journeyed down to the San Mateo County
course.
Corrigan's pair. Artena and Lily Simp
son, were Installed favorites for the two
year-old dash. Intrada, ridden by Bull
man, proved an easy winner, with ! On
Time downing Artena for place honors.
. A 1 to 4 choice, Geyser romped away
from Timemaker and Dr. Marks in the
Btretch. The first named horse gave the
winner a semblance of a contest for half
a rr.Ue, when he closed up and was beaten
twelve lengths.
Nine to twenty was laid against Chi
rnura winning the mile and a half run.
with only Tom Calvert and Anchored to
defeat. The mare won eased up, while
Calvert was hard ridden to get the place
by half a length.
Barney Schreiber's Boundlee outclassed
nls company in the fourth number. The
colt received heavy backing, and -after
petting away from the post none too well
led Genua out with pounds in reserve.
Mary Kinsella ren third.
Then followed the win of Corrigan's
Don Quixote, at six furlongs, ridden by
Spencer. Played fitsm threes down to 7 to
' S? wa - s sent off ln fr °nt. beating Tallac
a 20 to 1 shot, a neck on the wire. Tc r -
El ?, a> _!y hlch oP^n^ favorite, finished third
Corrigan's Wallensteln had nothing cap
able of riving him an argument in tha
m, th ?J'! a , geldln & enjoying a cake
walk. Aborigine, a 30 to 1 shot, finished
before the extensively backed ones Mont
Eagle and Sunello.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS
MUST BE PROTECTED
Clash Between Police and Crowds at
Open- Air Meetings Benewed
and Two Arrests Made.
Storekeepers in the vicinity of Market
street and Grant avenue have been pro
testing to the police againEt the crowds
that congregate on the corners nightly,
a* they interfere with their business. On
Sunday night there was a Salvation Army
meeting on one corner, a meeting of so
cialists on the other, and a few yards
farther north a patent medicine vendor
was haranguing a crowd.
Policeman Kramer cleared the sidewalk,
but as soon as he got to another place the
crowd surged back, and finally Kramer
arrested J. D. Mardis for obstructing the
sidewalk. , A crowd followed the officer
and his prisoner to the patrol box and
Mardis characterized his arrest as an out
rage and asked if any citizen would back
him up. William Condon spoke up and
paid he would appear as a witness for
Mardis, and Kramer promptly arrested
him on the charge of interfering with an
officer. . •
The cases were called In Judge .Cabanls*
court yesterday. Mardis said he was
walking past the corner and halted just
for a moment to Bee what was going on
when the officer jostled him roughly and
told him to move on. To his astonish
ment he was grabbed by the collar be
cause he to*u the officer he was "too
quick," and was dragged to the patrol
box. Condon and other witnesses corrob
orated him and the Judge dismissed both
cases. Attorney Ryan, who represented
Mardis, wanted the Judge to rebuke the
officer, but the Judge replied that he was
not a police censor.
Judgment Against Kowalsky.
Judge S. K. Dougherty, sitting in De
partment 2 of the Superior Court during
the absence of Judge Daineerfield. has
filed judgment In favor of D. A. Curtin
and against H. I. Kowalfky for the sum
of $3355 46 with Interest from January 4,
1300. The judgment represents the face of
a promissory note issued by the defend
ant to the plaintiff.
Dr. Parker's Courh Cura. One dose v*n stop I
a coucb. Xerer fans. Try it. All Ironists. •
CHORUS GIRLS ABOUT
TO DESERT THE DUDES
Grand Opera-House Company Soon to
Depart for Los Angeles and Be-
J. ?. > main Indefinitely.
i^eep sorrow nils the breasts of local
chappies. Their grief is inconsolable, for
the news has gone forth among them that
the forty beauteous maidens who airily
trod the boards at the Grand Opera-house
will shortly desert this city for the smiles
of the gay youths of Los Angeles. L'ut
one more month remains for the chorus
girls to carry weighty revolvers for pro
tection against the annoyances of fresh
"wlllle boys" of this town.
«??£? Tl \ I .. tne co ™*> &n V now playing
Aladdin Jr» at the Grand will open at
the Burbank Theater. Los Angeles, and
will remain there for an indefinite period.
Manager Morosco is now in the East try-
v g to secure a company suitable to rill
the void caused by the transfer of the lo
cal favorites, but It is feared he will i?a
One youth whose eyesight gave out from
Hth,P U ! d v,, peerin f °. ver the glaring to™
lights at his particular "mash" waif heard
humming the sweet. refrain about lea™
Jw h f,Pt y hO . m v- e for ncr » and "Ir certain
i™, £ c wlßh< ; 8 to *W«P«r.. sweet-noth
ings in her pearly ear he will have- to fol
low the company to southern pastures A
number of the dainty chorus we loth to
leave this city, and only threats of loss of
position will gain their consent Ot
l i? 1 pa . st ._ year the company has
charmed local theater-goers by ifs render
h/^i Popular operas. As will be remem
«h t ?,' th « a Kfregation came to this city
««n" ly A a S er t i ie c » ose ,°f the Melba sen.
»on. A Mr. Southwell chaperoned the
strangers, and although himself and com
pany were unknown to local fame the c™.
SnWfc ° f the Co , m P an y 80 °n won it favor,
and it has ever since played to big houses
At the end of the first twelve weeks Mr
Morosco purchased Mr. Southwell's inter!
est In the company and since then operas
have been produced under his manage
ment- Having secured the Burbank Thea
ter at Log Angeles, Mr. Morosco decided
to book the local company for that play
house, and he is now in the East to secure
an opera company to continue the per
formances.
During its stay In the citrus belt the
company will be in charge of Mr. Wolff,
who will act as stage manager, comedian,
business manager and settler of disputes
between members of his aggregation. Tf
inducements are offered the company it
may visit Honolulu, but that is so far !n
the future that it may not come to pass.
At all events the expected departure of
the chorus has thrown a damper on l!ie
local dudes, and there is wailing and
heart-burnings on every hand. Some of
the tribe vow to follow their lady loves
to Los Angeles, as they cannot bear to
exis-: without their smiles.
Police Commissioners Meet.
At the regular meeting of the Board of
Police Commissioners held last night the
charges of extortion preferred against
Patrolmen Rice, Rlordan and Robinson of
the Chinatown squad were dismissed.
The case of Patrolman James Norton,
charged by Patrolman John Porter with
having refused to aid him in making an
arrest, was taken under advisement. Pa
trolman John F. Bagley was fined $10 for
falling to report for duty on time. Tho
usual amount of liquor license business
was taken up.
REPUBLICANS ORGANIZE
FOR THE FALL CAMPAIGN
.
I. J. Truman Jr. Elected Chairman of the
Executive Committee.
Measures Adopted for Taking Active Part in the
Selection of Delegates to the Next
National Convention.
To Celebrate Washington's Birthday.
The Young Men's Institute will cele
brate Washington's birthday with exer
cises at Metropolitan Hall Thursday
evening. Judge William P. Lawlor will
deliver an address. Frank T. Shea will
pronounce a eulogy on George Washing
ton. Frank Thompson, Mrs. Eva Tenny
and Oscar Frank will sing, Thomas W.
Hickey and Cyrus Newton will recite and
the League of the Cross Cadets' band will
furnish instrumental music. .-'.:'
THE new executive . committee of
the Republican County Committee
held its first meeting last evening
and organized by the election of I.
,J. Truman Jr. -for chairman and
James A. Wilson secretary. Eighteen
members, one from each Assembly dis
trict, as follows constitute the committee:
Twenty-eighth District— Charles L. Franklin.
Twenty-ninth District— Leon Samuels.
Thirtieth District— Daniel Crane.
Thirty-nrst District— E. L>. Nolan.
Thirty-second District— Thomas Duff.
Thirty-third District— James Hennessey.
MYSTERIOUS SUICIDE
TOSSING IN THE SURF
JOHN JONES and Anthony Taronta, boys residing at 320 Vallejo street,
were on the beach at Lands End yesterday forenoon gathering ' sea
shells and saw the body of a man being tossed about in the heavy
surf that was breaking upon the sandy shore. One of them waded Into (
the breakers and tied a line to one of the wrists of the corpse and they hauled
It up on the sands out of reach of the waves' and notified the life-saving
station near by.
The body was that of a man of apparently. not. more than 30 years of age. .
five feet two or three inches tall, with, a bald forehead, clean-shaven face,
high cheek bones, small aquiline nose with prominent bridge and small (
mouth with thin lips. The eyes were gray or light blue. The deceased was
well dressed in a suit of black cassimere. light stockings and laced tan shoes.
An examination of the corpse at the Morgue disclosed a bullet wound in the
back of the head, between the top of the ears and the top of the skull. There ,
was also a bullet hole in the palate about an inch back of the front teeth.
This was evidently the point of entrance of the bullet, and the hole in the
skull was no doubt the point of exit. These wounds led to the belief that the
deceased committed suicide. From the . appearance of the corpse it was in
ferred that the body had been in the water not more than two or three days.
No person of the description of the dead man has been reported at the Morgue
as missing. There was nothing in the man's pockets that would indicate '
his identity, but his appearance is that of a man in fair circumstances
-An autopsy performed, last, night by Dr. Leland showed that the bullet '
had entered the palate and passed out through the back of -the head This
clearly establishes the theory of suicide, and it Is the. opinion' of the autopsy <
physician that -the man must have placed the muzzle of the gun some dis
tance inside his mouth. The fact that nothing which would give any clew (
as to the Identity of the suicide remains on the body goes to prove that he
made every preparation for the act. (
The pistol has not yet been found, but is supposed to have been covered
up by the sand, and a search will' be made for It. • coverea <
?E y '£?£ th ™ Dlstrict - H - c - Henderson.
Th rty-flfth Dlotrict-Llncoln D. McDonald
Th rty-slxth Dl«trlct-H. E. Holmes
Th rty-seventh IMstrlct-Aueust Tilden.
Thirty-eighth District— J C Zellerbach
Thirty-ninth Distrlct-j/ J. SuYllva^ '
Fortieth Dlstrict-J. J. Aschhelm.
forty-first District— A. K. Buckingham.
Forty-third District-John J. Curry
Forty-fourth Distrlct-L. A Rea •
Forty-ttfth District-Thomas It. 'Evans.
All the members of the committee were
present except Leon Samuels, Thomas
fnrt f Thn^ n As « hh^ m> A ' E - Bucklnghom
and Thomas R. Evans. A contest was
lodged against J. J. Sullivan of the
¦Thirty-n nth District and he did not par
ticipate In the proceedings. -^
m ill meeting-was called to order at tho
Builders' Exchange on New Montgomery
street shortly after 8 o'clock. Alfred
Bouvler, chairman. of the county commit
tee, occupied the chair until the unan
roous elecUon of I. J. Truman Jr. was de
clared. The latter presided until the
meeting adjourned. The contest In the
Thirty-ninth District was referred to a
special committee consisting of Messrs.
Tilden, Holmes and Henderson.
Congressional Conventions.
Mr. Bouvler moved that a committee of
three members, Including the chairman of
the executive committee, be appointed
to act in conjunction with the chairman
and secretary of the county committee to
inquire Into the question of coming Con
gressional District conventions for the se
lection of delegates to the National Re
publican Convention. . In order to make
the proposition clear to the members Mr
Bouvler read the following official call
for the next Republican National Conven
tion:
-National Republican
Committee— To the National Republi
can Klectprs of the United States: In
obedience to instructions of the Na
tional convention of 1896 the national
Republican committee directs that a
national convention of delegated rep
resentatives of the Republican party
be held at Philadelphia for the pur
pose of nominating candidates for
President and Vice President . to be
voted for at the- Presidential election
Tuesday. November 6, 1900, and for the
transaction of such other business as
may properly come before it. And that
said convention shall assemble at 12
o'clock, noon, on Tuesday, June 19, 1900.
, The Republican electors of the sev
eral States, the District of Columbia
and the Territories <and all other elect
ors, .without regard • to past political
affiliations, who believe In the princi
ples rjf the Republican party and in
dorse Its policies, are cordially invited
to unite under this call In the selec
tion of candidates for President and
Vice President. Said national conven
tion shall consist of a number of dele
gates at large from each State equal
to double the number of United States
Senators to which each State is en
titled, and for each representative at
large in Congress two delegates at
large; from each Congressional district
and the District of Columbia, two del
egates: from each of the Territories of
Alaska. Arizona, Indian Terrltory
New Mexico and Oklahoma, two dele
gates. For each delegate elected to
said convention an alternate delegate
shall be elected to act in case of the
. absence of the delegate, said alternate
delegate to be elected at the time and
in the manner of electing the dele
gate. ...
Election' of Delegates.
All delegates shall be elected not less
than thirty days before the meeting of
.the national convention. Delegates
at large shall be elected by popular
State and Territory conventions of
which at least thirty, days' notice
shall be published in some newspaper
or newspapers of general circulation
in the respective States and Terri
tories.
The Congressional district dele
gates shall be elected by conventions
.called by the Congressional committee
of each district, in the manner of nom
inating the candidate for Representa
tive in Congress in said district, pro
vided that in any Congressional dis
trict where there is no Republican
Congressional committee the Republi
can State, committee shall appoint
from among the Republicans resident
in such district a committee for the
purpose of calling a district conven
tion to elect delegates to represent
said district. The Territorial dele
gates shall be elected in the manner
of nominating candidates for delegates
In -Congress, and delegates from the
Indian Territory, and Alaska shall be
elected by popular convention.
We recommend that the . Territories
of Arizona, Indian Territory,. New
12