upon himself the Ignominy of bargaining
with blackguards to prostitute one of the
great Institutions of the city. Why will
such a man stultify himself, give the lie
to the, best of his assertions, bring into
contempt the promises he has made and
surround himself and his policy with de
served odium? - : '
. Why will he, on the very eve of what
the people of this- city believe to be an
era of decency and purity' in local gov
ernment, of honest and. able men In'office,
commit a social crime;' that, has no par
allel even In the reign of the Buckleys, the
Ralneys and the other political. blights of
San. Francisco? He needs.no money; -no
bribe of coin could force him - to . insist
upon a man with, an alias for. Chief • of
their votes. Hl3 local ambition has been
satisfied and that Is why he occupies tha
astounding position to-day of bartering
away to those that feed on crime the Po
lice Department of this city. He wants
another influence now, and the Police De
partment Is the price of that Influence.
He repudiates tho right or the arrogance
of a newspaper to think for him or to die-
Police and a thief with a record for Chief
of Detectives. No petty gain could Induce
him to associate cheek by jowl with the
blacklegs, gamblers, riff-raff and scum of
the city.
But what a bribe of money could not do
a bribe of power has done. ¦ He has finish
ed with the voters of San Francisco. » He
no' longer needs the wheedling art to win
towers to show him as he Is, to lift the
mask of the reformer and show the
greedy face of the politician beneath.
Mayor Phelan accepts with poor grace. the
expose of his dishonest plot and the ques
tion Is asked why a man of great wealth,
occupying a position of respect among his
fellows, with every opportunity to earn
and to hold their esteem, should place
OUT OF THE CALDRON OF THE MAYOR'S AMBITION COME APPARITIONS TO
AFFRIGHT THE CITY.
tate his policy, but for th© sake of a
newspaper's influence to lift him into tha
United States Senate he Is selling tha
Police Department to the thieves of this
city. This la the motive of his shameful
conduct and the secret of the bond which
has startled the city. And at least ona
newspaper will assure Mr. Phelan that it
has no desire to undertake the serious
task of doing his thinking: for him; If it
can restrain his actions within the bounds
of common decency It will rest content.
So craftily have the schemers worked
In {heir plot to make this city a netwonc
of criminal manipulation and bribery that
even the members of the Police Commis
sion do not know how they were appoint
ed. The Call will tell one of them the
secret, although the revelation will cover
him in humiliation. William J. Biggy be
lieves that he hold 3 the very honorable
position of being the personal representa
tive of Mayor Phelan on the commission.
Mayor Phelan has told him so. and In tell
ing him told what was not true. Wlillam
J. Biggy is a makeshift on the Police
Commission. He was literally a "last
chance" in the desperate game to maka
Frederick L. Esola, alias Frederick Har
rington, Chief of Police. Biggy waa
chosen simply because he was thought to
be sold to the supporters of Esola.
William J. Biggy may not know this,
but it is true, and he need not tax his
memory greatly to remember that the
first ictimatlon he had of a commisslon
ership was when he received the Informa
tion from one of Esola's champions. The
backers of the man with the alias can
vassed available men with the utmost
care. They knew the seriousness of their
task. It is not an easy problem to find
reputable men, who value their reputa
tions, that are willing to elevate to such
a post as Chief of Police one who has
neither education, experience nor execu
tive ability. It is not easy to secure men
who are willing to place their reputations,
their honor and their future In this com
munity In a balance with a thief.
So the sckemers that were plotting foi
Esola, that through him and his adminis
tration they might prey upon this city,
canvassed the names of decent men care
fully. One by one the candidates slipped
through the sieve. Men seldom sell theix
fionor willingly. And at last William J.
Biggy remained. The schemers went to
Mayor Phelan and commanded him to
place Biggy on the Police Commission.
The Mayor had flattered Blggy as he had
flattered many others; profuse In prom
ises, his Honor was lamentably poor in
performance. He promised to place Bigg?
on the Board of Public Works and intend
ed to give him nothing.
But then came thl3 new command. Tha
Mayor had struck a bargain with Shylock*
and he had to give his pound of flesh.
"With that cunning born In the pool ol
politics he made a virtue of necessity. 1 1«
sent for William J. Biggy and told hire
that he was to become a Police Commis
sioner. "And I want you, Mr. Blgsy."
said the Mayor, "to be my personal repre*
sentatlve upon the board."
And will Mr. Biggy accept the distinc
tion? "Will he tolerate the position of be.
Ing Mayor Phelan's chattel who has bees
bought and sold and is the price of a
corrupt political bargain? Mr. Biggy re
sisted an attempt once to buy him whei
be was a State Senator. Is he any cheapei
now, or does he claim the same manhood
he fought for then?
These are the conditions under whicfi
the people of this city are fighting to pre*
vent a great institution from being pros
tituted to dangerous uses. The Pol let
Commission met yesterday afternoon an<
decided to investigate the charges agalns
Esola on Thursday night. They presente<
the spectacle of four honorable men try
ing to determine if there is a chance foi
them to elect as Chief cf Police a mat
without experience or educational quail
fication. with no recommendation except
an alias and a fellowship with gamblera
blacklegs and creatures of the tenderloin
The picture was not a plejwant one foi
new San Francisco,
ffi^» HE Etcrrn which has burst about I
i the head of the recreant Mayor
rt^ as the result of his political bar-
a *' gain to sell the Police Depart
ment to the criminal elements of
the city has overshadowed every other
local issue in public discussion. The
enormity of the outrage is just beginning
to be felt by men who can see the far
tvaciiinft and <3»»«dJy confluences of -the
dea.l. A protest Is being voiced on every
ei<Je and people cannot suppress their in
dignation at the shameless effrontery of
the Mayor and his allied schemers. Never
In the darkest days of its political history
has the city faced as serious a crisis.
There have been times without number
In the history of San Francisco when pub
• lie abuses have provoked campaigns for
reform. Judges have been debauched and
courts corrupted. The local legislature
has reeled with the odors of official cor
ruption. Juries have been dishonest and
departments upon departments have been
in the shadow of suspicion. The city has
been overrun by the lawless. Crime, dis
order, distress and death have come as
the ccr.sec,ue-!ce cf the ascendency of one
set of politicians or another.
Bur Thtre has always been a hope and
an effort for reform. Dishonest officials
have been whipped into oblivion and the
administration of the city has been
placed in new hands. So the course of
the city has run. If it suffered the evil
of maladministration It knew that the
whole system was not corrupt. If the
principles of social morality were violated
the remedy was in the near future. If
dishonest officers were bribed to sell the
rights and safeguards of the people there
was the assurance that the betrayal
would only be temporary.
But now. the entire prospect has
changed. There is In supreme authority
a man who assumes to hold the reins of
the whole government in his hands, to do
as his whim or caprice may suggest. And
this man has be«n convicted of the of
fense Of paddling his way through the
mire of politics and dragging forth from
its depth creatures for positions of trust
and honor. Soiled as his hands are, he
dare not exhibit them to the public, but
chooses four men of reputation and un
eullied character to enter the disgusting
pool and lift the Mayor's creatures, who
have become his masters, to their posts
of unmerited dignity and responsibility.
Does William Thomas relish the task?
Does he accept willingly the obligation
to soil his reputation and smear his hands
by lifting a man stamped by an alias and
welcomed only in the good fellowship of
the tenderloin to the chair of Chief of
Police? Does William Thomas, whose
pride has been his freedom of decent ac
tion, indorse the politician's plot that
would make a thief, a defaulter and a
fugitive the first chief of detectives of
new San Francisco?
Does William J. Biggy take kindly to
that dictation which forces him to make
a blackleg his official representative?
Has Mr. Biggy changed his code of ethics
Flnce the time he felt It his duty to de
nounce corruption in public affairs? Is he
now bound to pTace in authority over de
cent men a man who Is ashamed of his
own name or afraid of it? And does Mr.
Biggy believe that, eince the Mayor arro
gates the right to do his thinking for him,
the Mayor can patch tattered reputa
tions?
Do Dr. McN'utt and George A. Xewhall
wish their associates and the public to
believe that they are servile creatures of
the jr.an who gave them office? Do they
wish the public to understand that their
lust for position weighs more In the bal
ance than their honor? Are they content
to brand their administration with aliases
on the roll of tsfficers as well as in the
rogues' gallery?
Mayor Phelan declares that the news
papers are attempting to do his thinking
for him. If they could correct his methods
the service would be well worth the at
tempt, but they have- come from their
THE SHAMELESS CONSPIRACY TO TRANSFORM THE POLICE DEPARTMENT OF THIS CITY INTO A GIGANTIC NEST OF THIEVES BY ELECTING FREDERICK L. ESOLA, ALIAS FREDERICK HARRINGTON,
CHIEF OF POLICE, AND JULES J. CALLUNDAN, ALIAS WORTHINGTON, CHIEF OF DETECTIVES, HAS GONE FAR ENOUGH TO CALL A HALT. THE RAID OF THE BLACKLEGS HAS WORKED TOO SERIOUS
AN EVIL, AND THIS MORNING THE CALL CHARGES MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN WITH THE COMMISSION OF A FELONY. HE HAS DISHONORED HIMSELF, BETRAYED THE PEOPLE WHO ELECTED HIM
AND HAS BROUGHT DOWN UPON THE CITY THE CONTEMPT OF DECENT MEN. THE CALL CHARGES HIM WITH HAVING ENTERED INTO AN ANTE - ELECTION CONTRACT TO DELIVER CONTROL OF
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT TO A. M. LAWRENCE. IN DOING THIS MAYOR PHELAN COMMITTED A FELONY AND IS LIABLE UNDER THE LAW TO THE FORFEITURE OF THE HIGH OFFICE HE HAS
DISGRACED. THE CALL MAKES THIS CHARGE AND ASKS MAYOR PHELAN TO SUE IT FOR LIBEL THIS PAPER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS UTTERANCES UNDER THE LAW, AND MAYOR PHELAN CAN
NOT EVADE THE ISSUE.
IF HE HAS NOT COMMITTED A FELONY HE KNOWS THAT HE HAS BEEN GROSSLY LIBELED, AND THE CALL AGAIN ASKS HIM TO INSTITUTE SUIT AGAINST IT. IT WILL STIPULATE
FURTHER, AND AGREE TO PERMIT THE ATTORNEYS OF THE MAYOR TO CHOOSE ANY OF THE TWELVE SUPERIOR COURTS IN THIS CITY TO TRY THE CAUSE, AND IT WILL THEN PRODUCE IN
COURT PROOF OF THE CRIME OF WHICH IT ACCUSES HIM. HE DARE NOT ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE, BECAUSE HE IS GUILTY, AND HE DARE NOT EVADE IT IF HE WISHES TO HOLD THE RE
SPECT OF HONEST MEN.
THE CALL WOULD NOT ASK THIS OF HIM WERE IT NOT THAT THE FORTY DAYS, PROVIDED BY THE PURITY OF ELECTION LAW FOR ANY PROTEST AGAINST HIM, HAS EXPIRED. HE
SHOULD, THEREFORE, IF HE HONORS HIS NAME, BRING SUIT TO PRESERVE IT, AND WHEN HE DOES THE CALL WILL PRODUCE IN COURT INDUBITABLE EVIDENCE OF THE EXISTENCE OF THE
CONTRACT THAT IS HIS SHAME AND THE MENACE OF THE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY. THE CALL WILL PROVE THAT HE CONTRACTED BEFORE ELECTION TO DELIVER THE POLICE DEPARTMENT TO A.
M. LAWRENCE, TO INSURE THE ELECTION OF F. L. ESOLA AS CHIEF OF POLICE AND TO BETRAY THE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY TO ITS PREDATORY CLASSES.
THERE CAN NO LONGER BE ANY EVASION. THESE CHARGES ARE EITHER AN ASSAULT UPON THE INTEGRITY OF MAYOR PHELAN, AND PLACE HIM BENEATH THE CONTEMPT OF HON
EST MEN, OR THEY ARE THE TRUTH.
Entered Into an Ante-Election Contract to Deliver Control of the Police
Department to A. M. Lawrence— Shameful Conspiracy Exposed —
Commissioners Are Puppets in the Plot.
MAYOR PHELAN IS GUILTY OF A FELONY
SAX FRAXCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 47.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.THINGS TO EAT.
Corn Ftarch, farr.ily use. 3 for $.19
Mince Meat, In small package* OS
Breakfast Mush, larire pack&tre* 05
Baking Powder, Eastern. 1 1b.... 19
Table Prun«>p. sweet or tart ..:... .03
Tteriean«>d Currants, celebrated Fidelity... .10
Hye Meal, 10-lh bags, not extra 13
Whnie Wheat Flour. 10 lbs. t*>st quality.. .18 1
Maple Syrup, t!i« larg»s fans ?. .33'
Fr*«h Itolled Wheat 32 lbs ?..'.23
Self naising Burkwh^at; package* ...:... JO'
21 lba f.r.e»t Granulated Sugar ..,.., \
Fancy Eastern Sugar Corn „ .10
Lily Cream, big cars. 3 f0r...: 25
Pure Apr'cot Jam. 2 tins.; ..,.; -.13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Afb**ttos Fire Klndlers.' ldbzeiu..... .-$ .3^
Needles, jtewir.x. 12 papers ....'.1.. ....... .10
Ladies' Handkerchiefs, assortrd. 12 for Vi
Black and White Sateen, I-b!t kind 10
mack Flocking- Yarn. %\ kind 75
Heavy Curtain Cretonne 10
Karbles. luo in a box. fcr 10
Purses for boys or »rirts .......". -.05
Christmas Candies, 24, SG or 48 '.10
Fa.nr.err 1 Lertper*. 26 paires 03
Overland*, la^t year's historical number*.. .01
tI.SO book. '"Successful Men." COO pages... .60
Handle market hackets. fplint 03
I'robrell&r to turn rain S3
Gazr.es x , Amuse children '. 5c up
NOTES OF INTEREST.
We deliver g:oods across the bay Be-
curely packpd without charge.
Our teams make frequent trips to all
parts of the city. Send postal.
Good? at the lowest posylble prices to
buyers In any amount required.' .
Try the cash plan of buying for 1900 If
you have not already adopted It.
We aim to render the best possible ser-
xicf to all our patrons. N£fl
Send for estimates and price lists.
SHOES.
Men* Sunday Shoes, all nire II $ .7S
Men's Alacka Moccasins 1 00
Men's Alakka Khoe Pacs. ft 60, now 1.50
Women's Rubber Overshoes. 2V» to K\k 20
Girl*' Rubber Overshoes. 13H to 2 .15
, Childs' Punday Phoes, S to 714 65
Child*' Sunday Fhoes, Pi to 114 80
Misses' Sunday Shoes, it to 2 85
.Everyday Shoe* for little folks. 5, 64 B5
Kveryday Phoes, sire* «. 6V4 SS
1 Everyday Fhoes. sUe* 13 to 1 1.00
-Lidles' Plain Toe Shoes. i%. 3 60
Ladies' or Girl*' O. S. Oxfords, 24. 1 4i
Soft Leather House Slippera. O. S 75
Ladles' Kangaroo Calf Tipped 1.45
Ladle*' Chocolate Lace Shoes, J, 6, 7 10«
OTHEE THINGS TO WEAB.
Infante White Cap* 85, .60
Girls' Fflt Hats JS
Ladles' Felt Hats, trimmed 50, .75
Ladles' Winter Vests, white, large S3
Ladles' Tan Capes, styliFh $2.75
White Side Elastics for children 03
Home-made Wrappers, dark $1.00, 1.J5
Ladles' Wool Shirt Waist* 1.60
Ladies' Corsets, high trade. In 18 only 19
Little Boys' White Merino Drawer* 10
Ladies' Wool Underwear, Jersey ribbed. .75, 1.00
Ladies' Combination Suits 60, 2.00
Ladles' Heavy Wool Hose '...'.25, .33
Black Cat Hose (leather stocking?) 25
CASH STORE
The original reliable and largest mail order
houee. Ask for Catalogue* free. MH&
25-27 Market St.. near the Fern.
Fines Reduced.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ASTORIA, Or., Jan.. 15.— Fines aggre
gating $10,500, which have been Imposed
by. the local customs authorities on the
German bark Hyon, the British ship
Cambrian Warrior and the steamer
Louise, have been reduced to an aggre
gate of J75 05. The Hyon and Warrior
were. each fined $5000 for failure to bring
the necessary clearance papers and the
steamer" was fined $500 for operating with
out a licensed pilot. The fines Imposed
on the. ships were. reduced by the Treas
ury Department to $10 and $13 and that of
the Louise to $50 05. • -_
Greely Is Improving.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The condition
of General Greely is much improved.
King's Trial Begins.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 15.— Abram King, the
aged capitalist, who robbed the estate of
Stephen Hobson, an incompetent, of
thousands of dollars, was placed on trial
before Judge Lorigan and a Jury to-day
on a charge -of forgery. King, who Is
nearly 80 years old, is accused of raising
a receipt given by John A. Anthes for
work done for the Hobson estate from
$15 90 to $25 90. Most of the day was oc
cupied in' securing a Jury. Deputy County
Clerk Denker was the only witness ex
amined, and his testimony was merely as
to the court proceedings In the. Hobson
estate. A short time ago King was tried
on another charge of forgery and the
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 15.— "Can the perse
cuted Chinese fishermen have turned on
their tormentors 'and made away with
Constable George Agnew and Deputy Fish
Commrssioner Alfonso Miller?" is the
question that the local authorities are
asking one another.
These officers mysteriously disappeared
four days ago without notifying either
Constable Louis Hughes or District At
torney Mclsaac. Yesterday, it leaked out
that the officers had left here to resume
their raids on the .fishermen. Constable
Hughes immediately telephoned to Mar
tinez, Tiburon. Sausallto, Port Costa and
every town where there was a possibility
of the officers having taken their captives,
but all to no avail. Up to late to-night
OPIE READ APPEARS ON
THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE
Novelist Makes a Hit With His
Quaint Portrayals of Southern
Character.
CHICAGO. Jan. 15.— Opie Read, the
novelist, made his debut in vaudeville to
day, appearing In a fifteen-minute sketch
at the Chicago Opera-house. He was eo
.meJJ. received that it Is probable he will
t-lgn a contract for an extended tour, ap
ptarinjr on the vaudeville stage in all the
large cities of the country.
Mr. Read recited a number of original
Fkftchos and dialect stories, the char
acters of which were drawn principally
from negroes and country people o£ the
South, and his quaint portravals of South
ern character and dialect were much ap
preciated.
BODY OF A SOLDIER
SHIPPED TO MANILA
Sent by Mistake in a Coffin Forming
Part of the Cargo of a
Transport.
SANTIAGO. Jan. 10.-The next United
State? transport to lt-ave Santiago will
carry lOti coffins, which will go to Manila.
Unfortunately one of these contains the
body of a soldier. As it was not marked
; the coffin was mislaid and it is now Im
possible to discover which one it is, as
each box contains three coffins.
Senor Rafael Halsado. who was Mayor
of Santiago at the time of the capitula
tion, died last nifrht of heart failure.
CRUISERS CAPTURED.
Bolivian Revolutionists Lose Their
Ships of War.
RIO JANEIRO, Jan. ID.— The Bolivian
dlvjgion sent to Acre has made prisoners
of the commiEFion and has also taken all
the vessels on the upper Amazon and cap
tured the converted cruisers of the revo
lutionary Government under Galvez.
All the vehicles in the city of Rio
Janeiro stopped running to-day, and seri
ous complications are expected.
Cabinet Crisis in Servia.
VIENNA, Jan. 15.— Th* Neve Frele
Prff^e pays the Servian Ministry has re
signed owing to Klne Alexander insist
ing on praming amnesty to all the politi
cal prisoners convict t-d of high treason
a«ra!n?t his father, former King Milan.
In aut irritative quarters in Vienna, how
ever, the report is denied. *
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
A Champagne Triumph.
Unsurpassed quality and unprecedented
importations— lo9,3o3 cases in 1599, or 72,493
cases more than any other brand, are the
features of G. H. Mumm's "Extra Dry,
whose vintage of 1595 now imported is
unusually fine. •
MAJOR M'LAUGHLIN'S
PROPERTY LEVIED ON
Walter Cutting Brings Suit for Claims
Alleged to Be. Due on Promis
sory Notes.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— The Bee says
that Walter Cutting of Pittsfleld, Mass.,
through his -.attorney, C. M. Beckwith of
this city,* has brought an action In the
United States District Circuit Court for
the ' Northern District of California
against Majon Franki McLaughlln, • the
prominent Republican politician -and
chairman of the State Central Committee
of that party. The suit Is for the adjust
ment of claims amounting to $14,930, al
leged to be due on promissory notes, etc.,
and in connection with business trans
actions. The Butte County property . of
the major has been levied on in connec
tion with the suit.
Nothing in the way of an answer has
yet been filed . by the major, and his
friends here assert that everything looks
favorable for a settlement without a re
sort to a trial.
MILITARY SCHOOL AT PEKING.
Japan Will Attempt to Make Soldiers
of the Chinese.
PEKING",. Jan. .15.— A significant sign In
the part Japan hopes to play in the future
of China is that the Japanese Government
has definitely offered to establish a mili
tary academy at Peking to educate Chi
nese under Japanese officers. It is said
that, China is favorably impresses by this
proposition.
Some people do not advertise because their notices are not read.
Make them interesting to buyers by the quality and price of goods of-
fered and you'll find they are read and responded to. We are sure the
following prices will attract:
WAR VESSELS SUNK IN
BATTLE NOT PRIZES
Attorney Origgs Files His Answers
to the Claims of Dewey and \
Sampson.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— Attorney Gen
eral Grlggs has filed an answer In the Su
preme Court of the District of Columbia
in the proceedings for prize money for
captures at • Manila Bay by Admiral
Dewey. The Attorney General asks that
the cause be referred to a commissioner
and that Admiral Dewey, his officers and
crew and also the United States may have
leave to take testimony. The Attorney
General concedes that a state of war
existed, but denies that the squaflron un
der Dewey's command captured the Span
ish cruisers Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon
and Don Juan de Austria. . These ves
sels, he says, were eunk during the en
gagement. He askß for fuller Informa
tion in regard to the other points and
6ays that although captures of property
were made, such capture does not author
ize Its condemnation as prize to Dewey
and hia men.
The Attorney General has filed a
similar answer In the case of Admiral
Sampson and the destruction of Cervera's
fleet. • >
NO INSPECTOR APPOINTED.
Petitions Refused by the Santa Clara
County Supervisors.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE, Jan. 15.— The County Super
visors to-day refused to appoint a veter
lnar> Inspector to Inspect meat and dairy
products and also cattle. The request
was made by the Farmers' Club, Grange
and a number of other organizations. For
this refusal the Supervisors are being se
verely condemned. It Is known that there
are diseased cows among some of the
dairy, herds. Drs. J. J. Miller and Hall
of the city Board of Health and Burns
and Jayet addressed the board and asked
that an Inspector be appointed with power
to apply the tuberculosis test to cattle
and kill the same when found suffering
from tuberculosis. They insisted that tho
health of the people required it. J. C.
Zuck and Attorney Edward Crowford ap
peared for the dairymen of Gllroy. They
said the people they represent would op
pose any such ' inspection, especially
where it was sought to kill their cows,
and would pay no attention to any act
less than a State law. Attorney Crow
ford stated that none of his constituents'
products were sold here,- but all were
shipped to San Francisco. The action of
the board was unanimous. '
FRENCH CLAIM PAID
Santo Domingo Government Brought
to Time.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
SANTO DOMINGO,. Jan. 6.— The Gov
ernment has paid the Boismare-Caccatelll
claim, amounting, to 280,000 francs, to the
French representatives. Admiral Richard
of the French navy dined with President
Jimenez to-day. ¦•'.:•
Jury disagreed. There are some five other
Grand Jury indictments against King.
CONSIDERING HAWAIIAN
GOVERNMENT MEASURE
Hltt Answers the Main Objections
to the Territorial Form
Proposed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The bill oro
vlding for a form of government for
Hawaii was taken up to-day by the House
Committee on Territories, and Represent
ative Hltt of Illinois, a member of the
Hawaiian Commission, explained its gen
eral purpose and the need of early action.
Hltt said that the present laws cauced
much trouble among the people and tlio
business interests, and as the political des
tiny of Hawaii was no longer an open
question it was much desired to bring all
conflicts of authority to a close and estab
lish a stable system as soon as possible.
He took ¦up tho three main objections
raised to the Territorial form of govern
ment .proposed and answered them.
The proposed property qualification for
voters for members of the Senate Jarred
somewhat upon our sensibilities and cus
toms, Httt said, but it was in line with
the local sentiment and usage in Hawaii,
and the desire had been to yield to tho
reasonable desires of the people of the
Islands...
The reference of contested election
cases to the courts and the provision giv
ing to the Governor the appointment of
Judges were urged by the people of Ha
waii. Thepeople of the, islands dreaded
any plan which would colonize Hawaii
with office-holders from Washington, and
they therefore wanted their own Governor
to make the appointments.
The committee arranged to take up the
bill by sections at the next meeting
Chairman Knott says he hopes to report
the bjll to the House during the present
month. :• :. V-
no trace has been found of the missing
men, and people here are beginning to
wonder what has become of them.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon a messenger
arrived here with news of the discovery
of four wrecked junks. The Junks are
ashore a few miles below Red Rock, ar.d
are dismantled. Frem what could be
learned there was no trace of any strug
gle.
Constable Hughes, when seen to-night,
stated that he had no knowledge of the
officers' object in disappearing, as no no
tification of their' purpose had been sent
to him. District Attorney Mclsaac is
naturally somewhat surprised at the ac
tion taken by the officers, as the step was
taken without the sanction of the Fish
Commissioners, who ordered Deputy Mil
ler to confer with him before making any
further raids. '
FRAUD ALLEGED
IN RAILWAY DEAL
Property Sold at One-
Tenth Its Value.
SEATTLE, Jan. 15.— A bill in equity on
behalf of New York and Canadian stock
holders of the Seattle, Lake Shore and
Eastern Railway was filed In the United
States Circuit Court to-day against the
Seattle and International Railway, asking
for a receiver for the road, also asking
for an Injunction against the. moving of
the tracks of the company. An examlna- '
tlon into the accounts of the Union Trust
Company of New York is also demanded;
charges of fraud and conspiracy are made
against the Union Trust Company and
the Seattle and International Railway in
the mortgage foreclosure wherein the Se
attle, Lake Shore and Eastern Railway
was sold to satisfy the mortgage of the
Union Trust Company.
The bill makes specific charges that a
combination and organization agreement
was entered into by the committee rep
resenting the Union Trust Company and
those who subsequently became the Seat
tle and International Railway to bid in
the property for $1,000,000 when the same
was worth $10,000,000; to make false ac
counts to the court so as to show that
the property was only equal to the value
of the mortgage and that certain stock
holders of the Seattle, Lake Shore and
Eastern Railway, consisting of Armour of
Chicago. Christian and Patton of New
York and others who have become the
principal organizers of the Seattle and In
ternational Railway combined in a scheme
with the Union Trust Company to make
false accounts and a wrong showing to
the court so that all other creditors, could
be frozen out from receiving any benefits
from the property and specifically charg
ing that $143,000 in cash was misappro
priated and presented to the court in an
item of profit and loss. '
CHINESE MAY HAVE
TURNED ON OFFICERS
Marin Excited Over Disappearance of
Constable Agnew and Deputy
Commissioner Miller.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEROIC MEASURES TAKEN
TO STAMP OUT THE PLAGUE
-
Honolulu Officials Continue the Razing of
Chinatown With Fire and Make the
Quarantine More Strict.
HONOLULU. Jan. S.— Sinc<> tho Ist inst.
nine cases of plaeue have developed, mak
ing twenty-two cases to date. The Board
of Health has adopted heroic measures
and it 1? believed that the work now In
progress will stamp out the scourge in a
short space of time.
. Thus fur but one European has been
attacked. The case was that of Ethel
Johnson, a Norwegian girl, aged 14 years.
The other twenty-one cases are divided
as follows: Chinese. 15; Japanese, 2; Ha
waiian, 3; South Sea Islander, 1.
The following resolution was adopted
by the Board of Health:
It 1* the wnse of this m^rtlne that it Is a
s<Mind policy to remove to quarantine as rapidly
as j.racticabl*- the residents of <h? Chinatown
district and to take any and every step with
out limit necessary tr> stamp out the plagup.
Including the destruction of the buildings and
ether iirtferty.
In accordance with the foregoing.
Chinatown is being rapidly burned out.
Within a week a majority of the resi
dents of the plague Fpot will be removed
to new and cleaner quarters on the out
skirts of the city. Thirty-one buildings
are being erected by the Government.
These structures will accommodate about
3000 persons.
On the 3d inst. the Board of Health de
clared the entire judicial district of Hono
lulu under quarantine. All persons are
forbidden to leave the district without
permission of the Board of Health. All
persons outside, of the district are for
lildden to harbor any one coming from
the district without the permission of the
Board of Health. The Board of Health
has established a new sub-department as
a precautionary measure and a further
safeguard to the community. In future,
when suspicious cases are reported, the
suspected premises will be immediately
quarantined. The purpose of this depart
ment i« to prevent the people of a sus
pected house leaving euch premises. In
the past a suspicious case was the signal
for everybody to pack up and leave be
fore the diagnosis had been completed.
This has been so in Chinatown and out
of it.
The Council of State has appropriated
J273.000 with which to fight the plague and
place the city In a proper sanitary condi
tion.
Some of the captains of the Bailing ves
pcls leaving hero for the coast are relax
ing from the strictness of the rule of
taking no passengers from Honolulu, and
there is now some chance for persons to
go away if they are willing to go on sail
ing vessels. The schooner Columbia,
which leaves here next week, is taking
passengers. She goes to Port Townsend.
The Consul gives it as his opinion that
there Is no objection to sailing vessels
carrying travelers from here ,ond the
booking of" passengers has no effect on
th* bills of health Issued.
The Idea of establishing a quarantine
station for passengers -who are going
away on the Australia has been aban
doned, as Mere is no suitable place for
such a quarantine. Those who desire to
take the Australia will have to book ten
days before the date of departure and
will be required to report daily to Dr»
Carmichael.
The authorities on the island of Kauai
have taken action that seems to com
pletely cut the island from communi
cation with Honolulu, on account of the
plague. Even mail cannot come from
there while the present rules are enforced
and the island steamship compfinles. will
suffer heavily in loss of business. The
Steamer Ke Au Hou arrived this morning
from the island without having been able
to approach any wharf. There were Dep
uty Sheriffs with shotguns at every land
ing place and they shouted the order to
keep away. The result was that the Ke
Au Hou returned to Honolulu absolutely
empty.
if Kauai continues to carry out the pol
icy it has begun a number of sailing ves
sels now in the harbor here will be held
indefinitely, as they are waiting for car
goes of sugar. Kauai may also have to
pay for it in increased prices of goods, on
account of an advance in freight rates to
pay for running empty steamers one way.
The Mariposa was sighted at about 4:30
yesterday morning. The custom and
Board of Health officers was to meet
her in the pilot boat. It was expected,
that she would stay outside, but as she
had freight for here and needed 250 tons
of coal to carry her to the colonies, it
was decided to anchor her in the harbor.
Letter mail was sent ashore In the pilot
boat and later the passengers and other
mall were landed by the steamer Lehua.
The Mariposa remained in strict quar
antine. No one from Honolulu wrs al
lowed on board except the pilot. Those
who went out to meet her returned on
the pilot boat. None of her officers or
crew were permitted ashore and no vis
itors were allowed on the vessel. She
took no freight or passengers from here.
The Mariposa sailed at midnight.
WOODLAND, Jan. 15.— Miss Florence
Clifford of this .city and Bede Hilliker
of Oakland were married in this city this
afternoon at the residence of Mrs. P. A.
Gratton, an. aunt of the bride. After a
wedding lunch the couple left for San
Francisco- for a short honeymoon, after
which they will take up their residence
in Oakland.
The bride is the eldest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Tim Clifford of this county.
She is a popular and handsome brunette,
noted for her many accomplishments, es
pecially her elocutionary attainments.
Mr. Hilliker is associated with his father
in the management of the Washington
Hotel of Oakland. He is a native of Yolo
County and was educated In Woodland,
where he has a wide circle of friends.
TO CONNECT MOLINEUX
WITH ANOTHER CRIME
Prosecution Seeks to Sho-w a Motive
for the Poisoning of Henry
C. Barnet.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.-In the trial of
Roland B. Molineux for the murder of
Mrs. Katherine J. Adams the prosecution
to-day introduced testimony to show a
motive for the poisoning of Henry C. Bar
net by Molineux. While Molineux is not
on trial for the murder of Barnet It Is ex
ceedingly Important for the prosecution
to connect Molineux with Barnefs death,
as showing Molineux's character, his let
ter-writing habits and his alleged U3>3
of cyanide of mercury to kill those whom
he hated. The testimony to-day reflected,
severely upon the good name of Mrs. Mol
ineux, but her husDand listened unmoved.
The prosecution called Rachel Green
(colored) of Washington, D. C. who- tes
tified that she had at one time lived at
257 West Seventy-fifth street, where a
Mrs. Bell lived. Asked if she knew tha
defendant she replied that she knew Mr.
Chesborough, who lived there with Mrs.
Chesborough. Ask*d If she saw Mr.
Chesborough In the room she walked
through the courtroom in front of the're
corder's desk, stepped up to within threa
feet of the defendant and pointed her tln
ger straight at Molineux, exclalmlns:
"Thafs the man."
The next witness was Minnie Betts, an
other colored woman. She testified that
she had been employed as waitress and
had tended the doors at Mrs. Bellinger' *
West avenue house and that Misa Blancho
Chesborough had lived there, but she went
away In the summer of IS9B. The witness
testified that she never saw Mr. Molineux
until after he was married to Blancha
Chesborough. Asked If any other man
ever came to see her there the witness
replied in the affirmative. To the ques
tion of what he looked like Weeks object
ed and the objection was sustained by tho
court.
Osborne was afterward allowed to show
the witness a picture of H. C. Barnet.
After an inspection of the photograph of
Barnet the witness said that it looked liko
the man who called on Miss Chesborough,
but that she could not remember positive
ly-
Other witnesses during the day wero
William J. Kinsley, the handwriting ex
pert: Herbert Jackson, the undertaker
who prepared the body of H. C. Barnet
for burial, and Albert S. Osborne. an
other handwriting expert, of Rochester,
N. Y.
SHIP ENERGIA ASHORE.
British Vessel Strikes on the Coast
of Japan.
LONDON*. Jan. 15.— The British snJp
Energla, from Tacoma via Kobe. January
9 for Hongkong, is a3hore off the Japan
ese coast with her forehold full of water.
Assistance has been sent from Nagasaki.
Change of Venue Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 13.— The suit
of Kate C. Snyder of Pasadena, admin
istratrix of the estate of James A. Brown,
late of this county, deceased, against R.
E. Jack of this city for $6000, with interest
and costs, for conversion of property of
said estate, was to-day transferred by
Judge Smith, temporarily presiding, to
Santa Barbara County, on the Kround3 of
Influence of the defendant In this county
and of disqualification of Judge Unangst
as being attorney for plaintiff.
DRIVING BACK
THE FILIPINOS
Advance of the Ameri
can Forces-
MANILA. Jan. 15.— Part of General
John C. Bates' troops are operating about
Lake Taa]. The. insurgents continue to
retreat south. Colonel Hayes, with the
Fourth Cavalry. Is supposed to have
reached Lip.i. whore many Spanish pris
oners are held. Colonel Anderson, with
the Thirty-iighth lnf;mtry, took Talisay.
on the north shore of the lake, with but
little opposition. Major Cheatham. with
a battalion 1 " of the Thirty-seventh, oh his
.way to Pan Piiblo, dispersed" 400 insur
gents whom the cavalry are pursuing
toward Aiaminos. "" ' "* .
A troop of the Third Cavalry lost two
men killed and three wounded In an en
counter with the insurpents near San
Fernando <ie la Union January 12.
RECENT ENGAGEMENTS
AND CASUALTY LIST
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
rerwrt from General Otis:
MANILA. Jan. 15.— Bolcmcn and armed in
turv,ex\\.>, rot&era from the Zumbrte Mountains.
iitu.ck»d two companies <>t the Tweatr-Aftli In
fantry. O'Nell ooßirmmimg, -at It*.- January 6.
They w«-re driven and' pursued- -.vitti -a lon* t.i
titem of fifty met. No American oa*uaUior.
rfchr«n'( irooiis are ca^.t amd south of Santo
Tcmah Hat&nzb?.
Yesterday Chatham's battalion cfthe Thfr
ty-seventh t-truck the enemy can of 8a:i:o
Tomas. on the £an I*ablo roaJ. The enemy left
t!v< dead en the field. iiV;d cavalry «ooa ap
pecxin?. pursued tl:e lorce eaFtward; no icport
of the rtsvlt. Chatham's' loss was M. r man
w-ouaded. • "¦
Anderson, with the Thirty-eighth, en rent* to
Lipsya. «rurk the insur»r«»nts a few mliep «outh
of Ton:** and drov*-tht-m through Llpaya
ti» Itosarlo. The enemy's lies was twenty dead
end wounded, sixty Spanish prisoners and ?2<>.
oco. . .
Bchuia has liberated about It/ Eptnlfth pris
oner*, whj are now en route to Manila. ,
Ar.derFon'F casualties yesterday were ore man
killed and two wound«M."
Wheaton'e force is actively operating in West
ern Oavite and! '".-¦: r.i province?. All the im
portant towns are held, and he *» constantly
paixoUiasT. A (treat many Filipino* returning
to their homes are believed to be insuree-rtt <ie-
F^rtem. '"<? t. r OTIS.
General Otis' latest casualty list is as
follows:
Killed In action near N'cic. January 9.
Eleventh Cavalry. Company I, Robert Napier:
action at Comanzi. January 5. Twenty-fifth In
fantry. Company H. Morgan G. Washington,
corporal.
Prisoner* killed near Comanzl. January 5—
Ninth In:antry. Company B. Charles C. Cook.
Alonzo Brown: wounded. Company B. Jceeph
\V. Oook.' rhept. severe; Twelfth Infantry,
Christian Peterson. commissary sergeant,
thigh, sever*-: Company n. Edward E. Novrl
val, frmln.- severe; wounded in action, Barle de
I^umuhara. January 7. Twenty-eighth Infantry.
Company H. Ebm H. Williams, throat, mortal:
Company L. Kr«l C. Me Wood, first sergeant,
thigh, severe; Hchert Cunningham, back, se
vere; .Alexander Kiiidt-1. Fhoulder. Flipht; James
Oooriri«k. perk, tewit; Oocapaay I. Harry 1">.
I^audault. kn^e, slight: Barle I'utol, January- 7,
Tw. nty-oiphth Infantry, rnmpany A, Martin
Wentnik, hand, slight: Anpus Kder. corporal,
neck, slight; Patrick McDaniel. elbow. Flight;
Corr.jiar.y B. Jam^c Wart-ham. wri?t. slight : Co
manzt, January I, Twenty-fifth Infantry, Com
pany L. Jam»s T. V!uarU's. ankle, severe: Com
pany K. John W. Huvey. sUght. OTIS.
BEDE HILLIKER WEDS
A BELLE OF WOODLAND
Cpccial Dispatch to, The Call. •
SPIRITED DEBATE
ON IMPERIALISM
Pettigrew Arraigns the
Administrat : on.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— Spirited de
bate on the Philippine question occupied
the attention of the Senate for nearly
three hours to-day. Berry (Dem.) of
Arkansas first addressed the Senate in
support of the resolution recently intro
duced by Bacon (Dem.) of Georgia re
garding the disposition of the Philippines.
He was followed by Pettigrew (Silver Re
publican) of South Dakota in support of
his resolution of inquiry. Pettigrew was
very bitter in his attack upon the admin
istration. . Wolcott (Rep.) of Colorado
replied to Pettigrew, scathingly arraign
ing the South Dakota Senator for the at
titude he had assumed on the Philippine
question. He declared his belief that if
Aguinaldo himself occupied the seat In
the Senate occupied by Pettigrew, repre
senting the people of South Dakota, who
had sent their sons as soldiers to the
Philippines, he would be too patriotic, too
devoted to the interests of the country to
assume the attitude assumed by the
present Sduth Dakota Senator.
During his speech Pettigrew said those
who 'denied freedom to oihvrs could not
long retain it themselves. Such a policy
would be the destruction of the republic.
He entered upon a sharp attack upon the
treaty made by the Americans with the
Sultan of Sulu, charging that polygamy
and slavery were not only indorsed but
maintained by the United States through
the treaty with the Sultan. He declared
that the Republican party was going out
of power as the champion of slavery and
a repudlator of the Declaration of Inde
pendence. Egypt, said Pettigrew. had
been brought under England s civilizing
sway. As a result over 350') minions ot
the English Government were wringing
taxes from the oppressed people of fcgypt
in the name of civilization. Ireland-
Catholic Ireland— aiso waa bow<d down
under the English yoke. If we desired
to make war on Catholics, however, we
could lind them nearer home.
Aside from all these considerations, Pet,
tigrew argued that the Americans coulu
not dominate the Philippines. The race
could not live In the tropics any more than
a polar bear. Kipling's poem, Tne
White Man's Burden," lie characterized
as contemptible. ,
Turning to the commercial side of the
question, he asked how we w»tc to. get
rich supporting a big ..standing army In
the Philippines in order that people who
earn 5 cents a day might trade with us.
In China he had .seen 3500. China-,
men working In a cotton mill for
wages that • averaged $3 50 a month
in silver and boarding them
selves. Yet our workingmen were to be
asked to compete with t>.000,000 of such
workers in the Philippines, to- pay taxes
to support an army of occupation, to sub
sidize ships to' carry, trade in order' that
the trusts of this country might exploit
the labor of the Philippines. Pettigrew
said that if his programme could be car
ried out, it would be: First, to withdraw
our troops; second, to allow the Philip
pines to set up an Independent govern
ment, and third, he would say: "Hands
off, this is neutral territory."
At the conclusion of the" Philippine dis
cussion Rawlins (Dem.) of Utah address
ed an elabprate nrgumtnt to the Senate
in opposition to the proposed financial leg
islation.
House Proceedings.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— T0-day's ses
sion of the House was devoted to the con
sideration-of District of Columbia busi
nefes. -Representative June W. Gayle of
Kentucky was sworn in, and Cannon re
ported the urgent dellclency bill with a
notice that he, would ask that It be taken
up to-morrow. ¦ --V
Roberts Case Goes Over.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— The Robert*
committee • was In ?xecutive session
throughout the day, but reached no con
clusion and adjourned until Wednesday,
owing to the absence of Mlers and the
Blckness'Of Frear of the committee.
SULLIVAN NOW CHIEF OF
SACRAMENTO POLICE FORCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRIGHT OUTLOOK
FOR CANAL BILL
Senate Committee Gets
Into Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS .WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.-
Constructloff of the Nicaragua canal la
to be insisted upon In both houses of con
gress without regard to the commission
recently appointed by the President to
consider the feasibility of the various
The' House committee has already
agreed to report the Hepburn canal bill,
and the Senate Committee on Interoceanic
Canals, of which Morgan is chairman,
agreed to-day, with practical unanimity,
upon the same course. It i? expected, that
the decision to report the bill will be
reached to-morrow. This measure wi.l
not be pressed at present, it being tna
desire of Senator Morgan to await tne
action of the House, although if there
be delay in that body independent con
sideration will be asked in the Senate.
Hepburn's bill contemplates full Ameri
can control of the canal, with authority
to fortify the work. It is this provision
which has attracted the attention of dip
lomats in Washington, especially the rep
resentatives of the English and German
governments, it is claimed that it is a
violation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty be
tween the United States and Great Brit
ain. In which both countries agreed upon
Joint control of any interoceanic canal.
I *$1.30. f
I Two dollars' worth of hat goodness for i
j| s $1.30 is a great value in this department '
I A hat for $i.so is a special with us, ||j
[ but the sale continues indefinitely. We I
j have a special arrangement with a factory L
I that enables us to give ta's2t a'$2 value for $1.30. | '
; The arrangement is no secret — simply we | |
I I buy in big quantities at cash prices— we. I
I are not particular about a big profit orrthe - 1(1
! hats — we sell them to — well — advertise ;
our hat department. • . ;
\ . Derbys— Black, browr* and cedar.
| Fedoras— Black, brown, cedar and pearl.
;' i Out-of-town orders filled; write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2. \
I] . . — ' — — ¦ ' ; ||!
,1| 718 Market Street. ¦. jj '
* JOHN E. SULLIVAN, Sacramento's few Chief of Police. I
SaCRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— The appointment of John E. Sullivan as Chief of
Police sent In last week by Mayor Clark, was confirmed by the Board of
Trustees to-nipht and Sullivan will receive his star as the head of th«
police department. The selection 13 regarded as an excellent
"one, and It is generally believed that Chief Sullivan will make a splendid
record in office. He is temperate in habits and courteous in manner, while he
has ability of a character which should permit him to master the trying require
ments of the position.
Chief Sullivan was born at Providence. R. T., in IS<«. He has been a resi
dent of Sacramento for twenty-three years, during twenty-two of which he
served as an employe of the Southern Pacific. For sixteen y?ars he was con
nected with the Sacramento paid fire department and was for twelve years fore
man of Engine Company No. 1. He resigned from the department and from the
employ of the railroad company in 1838 to take a position as deputy In the
ofllce of County Assessor Berkey. ...
The appointment is declared by his friends not to have been dictated by
party Interests, but solely by consideration of the personal friendship existing
between Mayor Clark and Sullivan and because of the Mayor's recognition of
his ability. .; v
2NERVELESS,
DELICATE
WOMEN
Are usually
/d~7^ women who
jWf*T,v*7 loose dlsor-
/ \. ) s-'Hri de r a and
ri-N^>^^ weaknesses
i /-r.**ilv*s.». f peculiar to
, -#s^{£J thelr ¦ c *•
f-iK7_.ar i _r_r Nervous Ex-
6*llP*S+£T~ 7 haustlon and
..... ..»#>. -^S» jR Female
Jl 6 Weak ness
c.^ssTj .„ yv^.c are tntlmate-
C/%^ l/*^ lr as " oclat -
*/' \ Since the
fiC.- y/^yr .t^vW) discovery of
& , fccrf^fp^ S& HUD Van
L /jff «*«ovt '.V- worn en 'a
Yhf.FiS' tt^OO- I\VW •« I ferlncs
&7«<T 'fc-i&S' VS/ have been
U\te/'Z&L H jaatertally
Rt v 4 f» Hk J I•s s c ned.
la *- ZZ •: > ; &\<-'J tor hu d-
wz&&-£P\ 1 XAN rlvei
¦C*i eJC^w^. \. *r.d tone to
y&S'r^'k \ \ J tht nerve*
W* \ \ ?o m S"e del-
na 1 ortran-
Nerveless women are unually
tiradsted. nervous. Irritable and •rc!»«w»'
hL-DYAJC cure* cud •ondltlons N>rve?eM w£
*ien LFj»:iy suffer w.Ji pain in back, naln over
»bdorr.en. <Jra*rin«- p».lns, bearlnc-down feel-
n«, hf-a<laoh«-s. dizziness, loss of acDetlte alrV
itomach. HUDTAN affords prompt relief
HUDTAN* cure* those excessive mucous" dl«-
iharpes. .chronic inflammation or ulreratlon at
iterue, painful disorder*, and all other comoll-
Ktlone i*eullar to women. Figures 1. j j 1
i. €. T show points of weakness when women
nifUr with nervous exhaustion comnlicate<i
s-Ufc ferr.ale weakness. ™P"caiea
HITDYAX is a boon to women, for It brinrs
Ibrolute comfort, also roey cherka and a ren-
tral clow of health. .
Get HCDTAK from your drurrlst— Me a
i&.ck*re. *ix packages I" fO. If he does not keen
l send direct to HUDTAN REMEDY CO
torner Stockton. Ellla and Market eta.. Eaa
Francisco. CaL
CONSULT HUDTAN DOCTORS-FREB OF
•HARGE. CALL OR WRITE "ADVIBORT
PEPABTMEJJT FOB WOMEN-FREB/JT
" Tne old savin g. "Necessity is the mother of invention," fits our case exactly.
I? Ift! Tl IS % WW Iftf ' :^^^^^^^ Owing to the large increase in business during the last few months, it was absolutely
®^lflflf]f fifi^^l^^^^^S^^^^^^^^ order t0 accommodate °y r numerous patrons. CSff I^U^i
bur Hew 0ff1c,,."*,, 6 OTarr.l. Street, Corner Grant AW my office YOU do not have to buy, nor- . ?
do I wish you to do so until you are thor-
oughly satisfied as to ' its value. All the argument ''that I could giye you in this paper would not prove the worth of my appliances, but the
"thousands of letters of praise which I have on file at my office could not help but convince the most skeptical. I have letters from both old
and young— from men who have been cured of alLsuch diseases as Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Lame Back, Nervousness, Seminal Weak-
ness, Shrunken Organs, Neuralgia, Varicocele, etc. There were over 8000 of them for 1899. Let yourself be one of the number for this year.
Electricity will cure you, if^you give it a fair chance. If it is convenient call at my "office and examine the Belts, or send for my free book,
"THREE GLASSES OF MEN," which explains all. It is a book that should be kept in every home, and read by both old and young, and espe-
cially when it can be.nad for the asking. Send me your address if you cannot call, and I will mail it to you by return mail. Consultation and
advice absolutely free. . +-" — — :—: — ; — "" — — — — 1
Office hours, 9to 6; Sundays, -10 to 1, ,: DR. T. A. SANDEN L°^"to2lc!i
SCENES AT THE
tion. held here a month ago, be heard.
C. D. Blaney seconded the motion.
S. P. Sanders, the chairman "of the com
mittee on organization, stated its report
was not an elaborate one. It recommend
ed that an organization be effected under
the co-operative law of IS'Jo. After or
ganization the form of contract to be en
tered into and by-laws must be adopted.
He said the name of "The California u'rnlt
Growers' Association" had been decided
upon. There would not be any capitali
zation. An Important thing is member
ship, and as soon as the voting members
are known the body should proceed to the
election of directors. The form of con
tract has been carefully prepared, along
the lines of that of the Raisin Growers'
Cards were then circulated for signa
tures of membership. They read: "I
hereby agree to join the California Fruit
Growers' Association and agree to pay the
membership fee of $5." : . '
Considerable questioning followed. Noah
S. Kogertj asked if tne signature of
a person to the card meant he would sign
the contract of the association and let
the organization handle his fruit. E. W.
Dunne and J. J. Shaner joined in the dis
cussion.
Chairman Bond said he thought a grow
er's signature to the card was equivalent
to membership in the association.
W. H. Lawrence thought the admission
fee of $5 was too high and suggested that
it be made $2.
Judge Bond said $3 would hardly be
sufficient to raise enaugh to conduct a
canvass of the State and he thought it
should be left as it stood.
M. Theo. Kearney, the general man
ager of the Raisin Growers' Association,
bald the membership fee of $5 was capi
tal stock. The grower would always be
entitled to receive his $5 back if he with
drew from the association. It represents
the value of the membership.
J. H. Henry moved that the membership
matter be laid aside urrtil the form of
contract could be agrted upon. Then
growers would know what they were go
ing to sign. J. R. Lewis seconded the mo
tion and it carried unanimously.
The green fruit men again inquired when
they were to meet, but they were asked
to remain and see what the dried fruit
men did. R. L. Stephens and C. \V. Childs
urged this.
Judge J. R- Lewis was then asked to
read and explain the co-operative act of
1835, under which organization is to be ef
fected. This he did. It provides that each
member shall have equal rights and each
member one vote. There is no capital
stock, but membership certificates are is
sued. No member shall be responsible in
dividually or personally liable tor, any
debts or liabilities of the association in
excess of his proportion of indebtedness.
Membership cannot be transferred with
out the consent of the directors. The
members can also limit the indebtedness
that can be created. There can be no
voting by proxy, but a secret ballot by
mail is provided. A two-thirds vote of all
members can dissolve the association.
A motion by J. H. Henry that that por
tion of the report of the committee dn or
ganization that refers to the co-operative
act be adopted was carried.
At the afternoon session the considera
tion of the contract to be entered into be
tween the grower and the association was
taken up. It provides that the grower
turn over his entire crop to tbo associa
tion, which shall attend to the packing
and sale of the fruit and pay the grower
a pro rata of the profits.
C. D. Blanc-y moved the adoption of. the
contract as read, with the addition of a
vc ction providing that members of the as
sociation may dispose of green prunes for
drying to any other member of the asso
ciation. C. W. Chllds seconded this mo
tion.
M. Theo. Kearny thought the contract
should be amended so that fruit sold
green should when dried not be outside
of the control of the association.
Major YV. A. Coulter suggested that
members be allowed to sell green fruit to
packers who had signed agreements with
the association as packers. ' •
B. H. Naftzgrer of the Orange Growers'
Association said there was a dangerous
loophole in the contract as It now stands.
Dissatisfied members of the association
might dispose of their fruit to outsiders.
On motion of Mr. Henry a committee,
consisting of Judge Lewis. A. H. Naftz
ger. W. A. Coulter and M. Theo. Kearney,
was appointed to draft an eighth section
that would cover the disposition of green
frv.lt by association members.
The articles of Incorporation were taken
up singly and discussed. These provide
that organization be effected under "the
act to provide for Incorporation, operation
and management of co-onerativo associa
tions," approved March 25. 1895. It Is to
be known as the California fruit Grow
ers' Association, the place of business Is
to be San Jose and the life of the cor
poration is fifty years.- The -purposes of
the association fire to buy, pack, handle.
Bell, market or otherwise dispose of cured
deciduous fruits and nuts, or to act as the
agent and factor In the handling and dis
position of the same for Individuals and
corporations; to erect and conduct ware
houses and packing-houses and such other
business as may come associated In the
business for which ' it Is founded. , The
CONVENTION OF
number of directors shall be eleven and
the membership fee is placed at $5.
The committee appointed to draft an
amendment for section 7 of the contract,
fo as to keep control over green fruit sold
by members, and which Is subsequently
dried, reported as follows:
Sec. 7. Provided, however, that said party of
the first part may transfer any or all of his
interest in the said fruits to any member of the
association, subject to the provisions of thlc
contract; or to canners, for canning only; or,
for consumption, green; or, for shipment, green,
beyond 'the State; or to any packer -who has'
signed aifcrowers' contract with the association
and covering the fruit so transferred. All of
FRUIT GROWERS.
a species of fly and the Consul says that
the people make no effort to, counteract
the pest, but accept Its operations as a
dispensation of providence.
Mayhood Still Missing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NAPA, Jan. 15.— George Mayhood, who
stole away his son a week ago to-day. Is
still at large. Sheriff Dunlap and his dep
uties have worked on the case all week
and have been unable to find any trace of
the man wanted here for abduction. It Is
now thought that Mayhood has left the
State. .< »;¦<.
m ¦
Poll-Tax Fees Legal.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— Judge *' -rt of
the Superior Court of Sacramento ... >unty
In the case of the State of California, by
E, P. Colgan, State Controller, vs. Henry
P. Dalton, Assessor of Alameda County,
decided that the Assessor and his deputies
were entitled to commissions for the col
lection of poll taxes. Colgan claimed that
the classification -of Alameda County by
the Legislature rendered it not entitled to
such commissions.-
GROWERS TO
POOL THEIR
INTERESTS
Decisive Action Taken by
the Informal Convention
at San Jose.
MEMBERS CONFIDENT
Form of Contract Is Agreed Upon
and the Adoption of By-Law3
Will Be the Next Step.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 15.— The marketing
of the dried fruit crop of California
was to-day practically taken from
hands of speculators and placed un
der the management of an associa
tion of the growers. This was ef
fected through the organization of the
dried-fruit men under the name of the
California Fruit Growers' Association.
The meeting, which convened at the
Unitarian church this morning, is the
greatest gathering of dried-fruit men
«vcr held, both in numbers and work ac
complished. Fully 1000 persons were pres
ent, the church being taxed to its full
capacity, and many were unable to secure
E&ats. *At least 500 of this number were
delegates, over twenty counties being
represented. Prominent horticulturists
from ail parts of the State are in attend
ance, among them being A. H. Naftzger
of the Orange Growers' Association, M.
Tneo. Kearny of the Raisin Growers*
Association, R. L. Stephens of Sacra
mento, Alexander Gordon of Fresno, A.
K. Sprague of Los Angeles, B. M. Lelong.
s-ecretary of the State Horticultural Com
mission, and others. There are quite a
cumber of lady delegates.
urganization was effected under the co
operative act of ISDS, a form of contract
adopted, and all that remains now is the
adoption of the by-laws and election of of
::.-. rs.
The association will start with a mem
l«-r.-hip that will control fully 75 per cent
of the dried prune crop, and Inside of a
month it expects to have control of the
entire output of the State.
There has been no opposition and there
is but one idea among all in attendance
and that is to organize to protect the fruit
industry.
M. Theo. Kearny stated this evening
that the auspices surrounding the organi
zation of the dried-fruit men were ex
ceedingly bright, much more so than
when me raisin growers organized. H«
vras satisfied that next year they would
control the crop.
S. P. Zanders, chairman of the com
mittee appointed by the State Fruit Grow
ers' Committee- to arrange for the con
vention, called the meeting to order short
ly after 10 o'clock. After reading the call
tr.at had been Issued to the gTowers he
s*iiid that the committee of twenty-one ap
j>oiKt*>«i to arrange for this convention
riad worked hard. Cheering messages
had been received by mail and all fruit
growers had shown great enthusiasm in
the movement. This had given hopes
and earnest purposes to improve the in
custry of those meeting here to-day. He
urged that ail organization be effected
and etated the selection of a chairman
would be in order.
Judge J. R. Lewis said this was the
roust important meeting ever held in
Santa Clara County and the best audience
ever gathered in San Jose. Judge H. G.
Bond of Santa Clara, the speaker said,
was a suitable man to preside over such
c. convention, and he named him for the
place. Judge Aikcn seconded the nomi
nation anJ Mr. Bond was the unanimous
choice of the convention.
Judge Bend thanked the convention for
the honor bestowed upon him. He said the
purpose of the convention was to devise
means for the handling of the. fruit
products of the coast. At present the
growers were working in the same primi
tive manner as when the fruit industry
was in Its infancy. The advent of the
railroads had cieated a new condition of
things and increased the facilities of dis
tribution. As the productions of all classes
became greater the extension of the
market was necessary. The natural evo
lution of trade was organization. He cited
the Standard Oil Company and other
great organizations to show what thor
ough organization had done. Judge Bond
paid the question for the convention to
decide was "whether the dried fruit men
¦would organize: not whether you will rec
ognize the universal tendency in the mer
cantile world to organize for the protec
tion and benefit of your chosen industry. '
The chairman announced that it was
proposed to organize under the co-opera
tive act of ISSS. In that organization each
prune grower will have one vote, and no
man can have a monopoly.
F. M. Rightcr moved that Alfred C.
Barstow be made secretary of the con
vention. Judge Hurlburt named H. B.
Stabler of Yuba for the position. Each
of the nominees declined in favor of the
other. This was settled, however, by
Stabler being elected secretary and Bar
stow assistant secretary.
On motion of Judge J. R. Lewis the fol
lowing were elected vice presidents of the
convention: W. 11. Aiken of Wrights; A.
Block, J. H. Henry, S. B. Hunklns, G. M.
Bpwman and S. F. Leib of San Jose; M.
Theo. Kearney and AlexGordon of Fresno;
B. F. Walton. T. Kirk, Alden Anderson,
H. Dutard and G. W. Hume of Los Gatos;
Judge B. G Hurlburt and Colonel Phllo
Hersey of San Jose and W. O. Davis of
Sacramento.
The question as to whether the gr»en
fruit men were to hold a meeting or not
then came up. Mr. North of Sacramento
suggested that the green fruit men '•¦ait
until the dried fruit men had organized.
Judge Lewis suggested that the report
of the committee on organization appoint
ed at the State Fruit Growers' Conven-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUAKY 16, 1900.
without there being any real power In
the commission or any other tribunal or
court to limit the amount of such charge,
and they are substantially of one mind in
desiring that this and other defects In the
statute be promptly remedied. Shippers
generally also have been practically
unanimous in favor of a single classifica
tion of freights, uniform for all roads and
all sections of the country and reasonably
stable when established."
SMITHS SETTLE THEIR
TROUBLES OUT OF COURT
Property Is Divided Between Them
and a Legal Separation Will
Be Obtained.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 15.— The sensa
tional charges and counter charges in the
divorce proceedings brought by his wife
against Dr. C. Edgar Smith will not come
out. The case, in all of its various
pharos of litigation, has been settled out
of court.
Dr. and Mrs. C. Edgar Smith were mar
ried several years ago. Mrs. Smith was
at the time the widow of Don Antonio
Coronel, who was one of the best known
of the older Spanish • residents of this
COMMERCE COMMISSION
APPEALS TO CONGRESS
Asks for the Enactment of Laws
That Shall Back Up Its
Rulings.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— The* Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day made pub
lic its thirteenth annual- report. The fea
ture of the report is the strong plea made
that Congress uphold the hands of the
commission by amendments making the
interstate commerce law more effective.
The report says that the commission a
year ago called attention to the fact that
in vital respects the present law had
proved defective and inadequate, and that
until further legislation were provided
the best efforts at regulation must be
feeble and disappointing, yet not a line
on the statutes had been changed and
none of the burdensome conditions which
called for relief had been moved or
modified.
VThe existing conditions and the de
velopments of the past year," it is added,
"render more imperative than ever before
the necessity for speedy and suitable
legislation. Nine-tenths of the people
know that any railroad company can
charge for Its service whatever Itpleases
city. "When he died he left his widow a
large fortune.
Relatives fought to break the Coronet
will, producing in court what purported,
to have been another instrument cutting
down Mrs. Coroners portion of the estate
to a minimum. The second Instrument,
after a long and tedious trial, was de
clared a forgery-
The widow's attorneys in that case were
Governor Henry T. Gage and Senator
Stephen M. White. The Governor arrived
here several days ago for the pur
pose of trying the case. He deter
mined to settle the matter out of
court for the best interests of all con
cerned. Under the terms of the compro
mise Mrs. Smith obtains lands and other
property valued approximately at $140.
000. Dr. Smith receives as his share prop
erty worth about $45,000. Under the terms
of the agreement it is understood Mrs.
Smith will be allowed to obtain a legal
separation from Dr. Smith without hind
rance on his part, she withdrawing her
charges of alleged misconduct upon tha
doctor's part.
Murder and Suicide.
BOZEMAN, Mont.. Jan. 15.— At Bel
grade, twelve miles west of here, Satur
day night, Frank Rogers, a merchant,
shot and killed his landlady. Mrs. Etta
Davis, and then killed himself. Jealousy
and drink caused thp deed. WPfßt
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
such transfers to be Immediately reported by
the party of the first part to the president of
the association. - . .
The amendment was adopted unani
mously.
The consideration of by-laws was next
taken up. They provide for a board of
eleven directors, six of whom shall con
stitute a quorum. They shall be elected
by the stockholders and serve one year.
Their power is such that they can con
duct the affairs of the association. The
indebtedness they can create Is limited to
$25,000. They shall elect a president, two
vice presidents, a secretary and treasurer.
Each director shall receive $10 for each
meeting attended. An executive commit
tee, consisting of the president and two
directors. Is provided for. The salary of
the president is fixed at $500 per month
and that of the other members of the ex
ecutive committee al $300 per month each.
Annual meetings shall be held the first
Monday in June of each year.
Before any action was taken on the pro
posed laws the question of adjournment
came up. Cards were circulated for signa
tures, and about 100 prominent prune
growers signed them. Adjournment was
taken till to-morrow at 10 o'clock.
The <• convention will conclude its work
to-morrow. After the adoption of the by
laws the election of directors will take
place. It is expected there will be a lively
fight for the salaried offices.
European Olive Crop a Failure.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.-Consul Skin
ner at Marseilles reports to the State De
partment that the olive crop In Italy,
France and Spain Is practically a failure
and will hardly reach 30 per cent of the
average. The failure has been caused by
MARKETING OF DRIED FRUITS
TAKEN FROM SPECULATORS
Should you-needa low-priced suit — one for • /S&
every-day wear — worth say $10 — then you should
ready=made
sack suits for fflHs^
They are single-breasted sack suits, worth $8 / JkmM WM
and $io. We found so many of them after stock- I 188 WM
taking that we marked them all down to close / ||m mm
The price speaks for itself — it is the value of J jn& M.^==k
the suits with which we must impress you — that """* /gs|fe^^«#P^*-
can be easily done when you see the suits. s^^
Here is a good bargain in our boys' department — ioo middy suits of blue cheviots, sailor
collars — vestee and collar elegantly trimmed with five rows of soutache, either in blue, red or
black; ages 3 to 8 years; actual value $2. 25 — for a limited time only, to enliven business,
$4 AX
J>« jPCS a suit.
Ball and bat free with every boy's suit or overcoat.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2.
718 Market Street.
3Baseball Team Reorganizing.
Er*cUJ D-:ip*ich to TT.e Ca
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. . IS.—
The cand!4ates . for varsity baseball hon
ors commenced preliminary work to-day
under the guidance of Coach Murphy. Of
last year's team only Etrohn, Lanagan
Murphy, Edwards and Louyhead are eli
gible to play, as Swindells, the crack
catcher on last year's team, forfeited his
amateur standing by playing: . with the
San Francisco Club. There are a large
number of candidates for the four vacan
cies, but none of the new men have rec
ords which have preceded them.
Matthews Knocks Out Bennett.
CINCINNATI, Jan. IS.— Matty Matthews
at Brooklyn knocked out Jack Bennett of
McKeesport, Pa., here to-night before the
Admiral Athletic c»ub. The men fought
arthe welterweight limit for a perse OT
A ccused of Indecency.
Henry Webber, aged £3 years., .wljo
claims to be a grocery clerk, was arrested
yesterdar by Detectives G. A. Fitzgerald
and R. F. Graham of the Mission district,
ar.i r-ock*^ fct the Seventeenth-street sta
tion on the charge of r:a\-ing made an in
decr.t assault upon Edith Campbell, the
five-year-old daughter of Louis E. Camp
retl cf 2H^ Sixteenth street. It is claimed
that Webber has been In the habit of fre-
C'-erting the neighborhood of schools for
the ptrrpo«=e M er.rfcir.g little girls to ride
on hi* bicycle. When s**n yesterday on
BbetMStb Ktreex by the detectives he tried
to run away end pot a? far els Jalian aye-
Boe before t>eing overtaken.
COMMISSIONERS FROM
ST. LOUIS TOURING
Police Ccn:nii?E!ctier A. C. Stuever enl
JuCgt Ja=es McCaffery. both cf St, Lc-.iis.
are in the city. The last named Is the
chairman cf the St. Louis Election Ccra
rnissior-erf. They arrived here In the pri
vate car New7-ort with their party, and
have visited all the places of Interest In
the city, accompanied by -Detective Ed
Gibson cf thla city, who has shown the
town to then in g->o£ style. In the party
are Mrs. A. C. Stuever and her two chil
dren, Miss Helen Wells Peterson, C. B.
Stuever. father cf Police Ccnunission'r
Ctuever and an eld California "O'er, and
Dr. Aug Schmidt, all cf St. l»ds. They
iiave been touring through Texas and
Mexico, stopping as fancy prompted and
then e&me to see San Francisco, which the
eider ilr. Stuever has not visited for
many years. They will start homeward
to-day. Ftoppir^g at Los Angeiea. Tfcey
fcave used tee car ac a hotel and have
been having a royal gnod time.
"We have had no adventures sir.cc we
l<»ft hor:e." f&H Police Coaasl?sloner
gtaever last evenly. "vA only t>iie rr.is
hap. The mTshap was thAt we ran crut of
St. Louis beer. That may be strange.
whea I tell yon that I am the president cf
tfce Horse Brewing Company of St. Louis.
W> are just taking this trip fcr pleasure.
and that is all there la to It- We have
been on the road teven we*ks In all. Pr-ll
tics and business we dropped when we
left home. We have all been struck with
tfce rrcj-I** t v at ye £cc i n t^e future of
San Francisco.**
"I believe that San Francisco will b* one
ct tfce preatest cities In the world 1a the
not Clrtant fcture." added Judge McCaf
f»ry, who had be<?n • listening. "I have
be^n Furpri*ed ar.d dc-llgtted."
Coj~2siESioTi€r Stuever is the purchasing
apent cf the Board of Police Cornmlv
siotsers tn St. Louis. He confessed to ca
riosity cori<rersi=ir the outcome of the
present rtruirgi*- over the ofsce of Chief cf
Police In thfi dty. tat diplcmaticsUly re
fused to ir.ake asy corr.taeiit upon the tli
uaticn. ilr. Stuever £r. is 7S years c!d.
but he ha« rtoo<S th" long Journey frora
Et. Lculs with little show of fatigxie.
ADVZBTISEiIZNTS.
DR. LAWLOR ASKS
PERMISSION TO
BRING HIS SUIT
S ELECTRICITY A NATURAL CURE!]
I ¦WO MORE USE FOR CRUTCHES OR DRUGS. ¦ |
I T-AuKIE JL a?K,E-A.T3^nE3STT FREE! I
5 I have so adapted my application of medical electricity that I positively cure §
g Rheumatism, Kidney and Stomach Troubles and all affections of the vital S
g organs. To illustrate the remedial power of my . S
I Dr. mcLaughlm s Belt srmk. I
0 I will give you a free treatment in my office by the galvanic current from my Jrf Uff 'Wsnhy\ $
X grand stationary battery. This is a breezy and exhilarating test of that curative / yIS Tvjf v 0 §
§ power now used the world over. •—'p* £L ~t "Wsk -H %
§ To cure your ailment I will fit you with one of my famous Belts, which you t\rv U kMJ^^m)^A g
8 wear at night until your system becomes charged with the reviving voltage. U f\ I —^^^S'^^ / S
1 1 his keeps up the action of the blood vessels, contracts and strengthens relaxed h? <^ 8
8 muscles and glands. It casts out impurities, which are the cause of pain, and 1 1 iff'W^^^^ §
g restores to the body its wonted energy. You leel the glow, the enlivening sensa- >l I' !^S \S&£S o
g tionofthis power from the start The improvements my Eelt possesses above Ell I /''if RI^S^V- S
g all others are recognized and appreciated by the thousands, who are using my l}| I SfM WmS*^* ¦• S
g appliances. Jhe. cures I have'made, the testimony from all quarters, the comfort .fell 'WS iW^ i : - ' 8
gof wearing my Belt, the- method of adjusting the power, its thoroughly curative ft.l L Jw^ R J AidS'
$ work, constitute it the pre-eminent • remedy for the severest pain or the most " OT KtßfflLrv ' — fef S
% \ ¦ '". Call and take a treatment free from my 1 H E^-~=~^ Wi i^SJ*/ 8
$ + : -\ Static Battery and test my Belt, or let me JJ [" ' r V.-pB te : l^ •'[,•¦ »
8 ' Rlwnmatkn aad Kidney TroablsL j send you my new book, free. . r_^g^¥nl^Xg/*^Sfe"'^ §
w in Henry St., San FrancJ?co. Ja.-i. II; ISOO. _^ .^ HrSHß^^^ *i i™* ~^ -<3 " "^ !r/lS§^^^^' / O
Q DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN'-D^ar Sir: I F\ D /I/I A Mr»l A IT/^HI I rVT ' \ -*—^ / 1 1 "^^^ m '~" G.
Q I have b*en able to keep up at my work. 702 Market Street, Corner Kcarny, S. F /\\ "^^^^/, J X
g . U " re lgA C Nl"^-MX JLLE R (Cooper). , ™oB£&^^£tt^!^£tt .-. A^ I |
55 - . ... ~~" ~ j r NEVTER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. g
By the time a man Is able to supply all
his wants he doesn't want very much.
ADVZBTISZMENTS.
Tried to Cut His Throat.
Harry Davis Bentley, an ex-coachman,
living at 135 Russ street, attempted sui
cide last night by severing his throat with
a razor. His wife was in the room when
the attempt was made and she immediate
ly notified OfHcer P. Hurley, who sent
Ber.tley to the hospital. The wound was
superficial and the man will recover. De
spondency is assigned as a cause of his
action.
LEAD THIEVES CAUGHT.
Two of the Gang Captured Through
the Bravery of a Grocer.
John Coudeu. a grocer at the northeast
corner of McAllister and Laguna streets,
yesterday detected three thieves robbing
the flats over his store of lead pipe, and
his nerve in tackling the trio resulted in
their arrest by Offlcer John Tillman.
Early In the afternoon Mr. Coudeu heard
a noise In the vacant fiats and proceeded
to Investigate. He went noiselessly ut»
the stairs, and when he reached the too
discovered the three men in th» act o'
tearlnc out th*» lead pipes beneath the
wash basins and sinks. He made a brave
attempt to capture the thieves, but they
scattered, two running down the front
stairway and the other making his escape
through the back door. Coudeu followed
the pair on the run. shouting for police
assistance. His yells attracted the atten
tion of Officer Tillman. who Joined in the
chase and succeeded In capturing two of
th© men. They gave the name 3 of John
Bailey and W. J. Cannon. It is believed
that they are members of an organized
gang that has been making a practice of
entering vacant houses and stealing lead
piping. Coudeu has given a good descrip
tion of the third thief. sue cr.p
MARQUETTE CLUB ORGANIZED.
Officers Elected and a Board of Di-
rectors Chosen, to Secure Booms
and to Conduct Business.
The Marquette Club was permanently
organized last evening, officers being
chosen and a constitution and by-laws
being adopted. The club Is composed of
young Republicans and Is expected to do
hard work for the Republican party, al
though the notices sent out to those who
were invited to become members set forth
that political work was not obligatory.
The purposes of the organization are to
establish clubrooms with billiards?, reading
rooms, lunch, etc.. the headquarters to
form a rallying point for young Republi
cans. It Is probable that the club will
have permanent headquarters over the
Humboldt Bank on Geary street, that lo
cation being recommended byacommittee.
At the meeting last evening speeches were
made by Attorney General Ford. Frank
H. Kerrigan. W. J. Herrin. P. V. Long.
I. J. Truman Jr. and P. V. Lund. The
officers elected were as follows: Presi
dent, J. C. Campbell: vice president. W.
M. Abbott: secretary. Morgan Backus;
treasurer, Sheldon Kellogg: directors — D.
A. Ryan. F. H. Kerrigan. P. V. Long. E.
F. Treadwell, I. J. Truman Jr. The mem
bership fee Is $10 and the monthly dues C
The club starts with a membership of
nearly 100.
FERNS WINS ON A FOUL
"Mysterions" Billy Smith Bcsorts to
His Usual Tactics.
BUFFALO. X. V., Jan. 15.— Jim Ferns
cf Kansas City won from Mysterious Billy
Smith of Boston on a foul in the twenty
first round of what was to have been a
twenty-ftve round battle for the welter
weight championship at the Hawthorne
Athletic Club to-night. Ferns outboxed
ar.d outfought Smith at almost every
stage. Smith was disqualified for striking
several vicious blows In clinches.
Bogan Wins From Grace.
MEMPHIS. Term,., Jan. 15.— Jack Grace
of Buffalo failed to stop Freddie Bogan
of San Francisco in ten rounds at the
Southern Athletic Club to-night and the
fight was awarded to Bogan as per agree
ment. Bogan barery stayed the limit,
having been floored < repeatedly by the
Buffalo man. • -> • -•>
VAGRANTS WILL BE
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
Acting Chief of Police Biggy continues
his campaign against the open vices of
this city. Last evening he issued the fol
lowing order, which was read to the
policemen of this city by their respective
captains:
Offle* Chief of Police.
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 15. IXO.
Tou will Instruct all officers nn<3*r your com
mand to comply with the followlsz crder»:
Va^raat*— Each officer «hall make a daily note
of all known or suapected vayrar.ts en his beat.
He shall cbwnre tl.e occupations cf all *uch
persons and shall discover the character of aay
I*rscn cr r*rsons with whom they associate-
He shall irtve his eartlcclar attention to ail
known or suspected frequenters of houses ot
111-fame asd hasg;ers-on about saloons of ques
tionable character^ He shall keep his notes In
writlnsr. and at the end of tea day*, more cr
less, as the cas« mar require, he shall arrest
for vasrraaey all «uch persons as are shown by
his written notes to be miMty o* the crime of
vagrancy, as defined by section MT cf the Penal
Code. Every officer shall .acquaint hinvseif
with th« srovisioca of tectlca W7 of th* Penal
Code, aad he shall la no event lodce a cixarrt
of varraocy aralstt any persea unless he fcsj
evidence sufficient to warrant a conviction, la
the Police Court.
Thieves and ether criminals— Each officer
shall make dalljr note In writing of all known
or suspected thieves or other criminals that he
may see on or on! his beat. Such written =otes
shall Include the time and the place at which
the officer mar see such criminals, what each
criminal may b* dcin* when seen, and the
name and written repcrt containing all of t*e
above information shall be made dally by each
officer, and such report shall Immediately be
forwarded to the office of the Chief of Police
Busko men. ramblers and confidence opera
tors—Each officer shall keeis a sharp lookout
for bunko men, sure-thin^ gamblers and confi
dence operators. When the officer ntay s«» a-y
such cerson he shall at once take hlsj into
custody and convey him without delay to the
office of the Chief of Police.
W. J. BIGOT. Chief cf Police.
Miss Sniedberg and Miss Pease also en
tered, but made no returns. Yesterday
Miss A. C. Hoffman went around the
course in 73. Miss Morgan made two
rounds in 72 and 73 and Miss Mcßean re
turned scores of 72 and 67.
Seeks to Oust the
Health Board.
Dr. Wll^am iL Lawlor. Hesltb OScer
urder the last Board cf Health, has flnal-
takes the first step in bringing his suit
ta .oi'st the Pheian boerd from office. Al
though I>r*. Barbal azui Pa>i:e of the last
bo&rd fcacked down at the last minute and
refused to contest the seats of their suc
cessors, it is understood that they are si
lent partners iti the suit to be brought
by Dr. Lawlor, and. with Drs. Cofley tr.d
Keeney, will participate in the expense
which wU ensue.
.-. » :: .t claimed by I>r. Lawlor that tiys
Boerd cf Keaitfc is a State ratfcer than a
.-_-...;«.. insticuticn, he has pursued the
regular courst aad applied to Attorney
Ger.erai Ford for permission to bring the
contemplated ruiu The necessary peti
tion. w:th a r*-l2.tioa' of the law and al
leyed facts cf the case, was riled yester
<ta.y with the Attorney General by Dr.
L*.w:or"» ittorneys. J. L. Copelani. Frank
M. BtODC &=d A. H. Pwcke:.'. It is sub
scribed and swera to btf ere George , T.
Hatton. ir.e notary pufciic
It is therein «et forth that I>rs. Keeney,
Pa%-ne. Ccffcy. Barbat and Ma.yor Pheian
were apr^^'ted by th* Governor of tin*
gta-te a Board cf Heai'Ji fcr the city acd
county cf 6an Francisco, with quaranti^e
•srisdictioa over the jort of Saa
Frs.r.c:«co. and all counties bor
cer.ng up-on :t; that Dr. Wiliiam M.
Lawlcr, tne r^ls-T'-r. was ap^ointe^l Hecltn
OfScer by eucn board. %sA that a <r.iaran
tlne oSlcer w&* z.'.so appointed, a£d that
ail of the ofSdals named were placed In
effiee, there to remain uctii such time as
their successors should be appointed, also
br the Governor.
The complaint further alleges that en
January g Drp. B&um. McCarthy, Hop
kins. Williamson and Bazet and Chief of
Police Biggy and Colonel G. H. MendeU.
daisiiiig to be the duly elected successors
cf plainuffE, forcibly took possession of
Use cSc«. ar.d thit I>r. A. P. O'Brien,
claiming to have tt*rr. <Z.\ily elected Health
OScer, &150 t&ck forcible possession of
that c 2». and einc-e have CrandQXestZjr
held the ?ir» and transacted ali busfne^*,
to tfce exclusion cf the plaintiffs, wJtfccnit
right cr warrant.
After a further contention that the
usurpers mere net legally appointed, the
petition pleads for penMsxion to bring
ecit against them la the name cf the ;>eo
pie cf the Btate of California, and ten
days" notice to ajjpear and chow cause
wty such pennissi-cn should not be grar.t
+4. wis served t^-cn the proposed defend
»~»*. \
JENKINS ON
A QUINTETTE
OF WINNERS
California Rider in Great Form,
Three Beaten Choices .
at Tanforan.
! Clem JeTikir.*. tfce cr^sstimlng yercng j
California rider. dliKinjruished himself j
yesterday by putting Sve winners over ;
the plate at Tanforaa and Just failing to;
make it six straight by tfce scarcest of j
fceads. He began by getting home first en
the 44 to 1 chance. Alary's Garter, fol- |
lowing It sp with an easy win astride {
Lady Meddlesome, a 3 to 1 second choice. !
Next, with the leg up on Slg Levy. Clem f
had the misfortune to lose out to Sofala j
by the r.arro-arest cf margins. He then |
ecored three straight victories with Mont ;
Eagle, Daiyy F and Theory. Tfcracgh his j
clever saddle work acd gentlemanly de- 1
portment Jer.klr-s ma-ie a pronounced hit j
In the far Eastern country, and a* he 1
t-egan at the foot ef the ladder on the >
iocai traxk It Is a pleasure to record his :
successes.
The track was a triSe slow from a light
downpour of rain, which fact did not ]
prevent son* fast tlrae being hung out. j
Three favorites were successful
The racing opened with a five furlong j
scramble, for which Gusto, from the ',
stable of Huphey Jones, west to the post !
favorite. It proved a bad selection, for ?
the coit never displayed a particle of ;'
ep*e<i. Alary's Garter, a 44 to 1 chance, :
made aJI the running, winning hands {
down. In a hard drive Thorpe brought i
Beautiful Bill up. petting the place by a !
nose from First Shot.
Andy Blakeleys mare. Lady Meddle- !
some turned vp an easy winner of the !
mil* selling event, with 3 to 1 about her j
in the ring. Racing out in the lead to j
the stretch with the favorite. Storm King. ;
she there drew away, getting the decision j
cleverly from Tom Cromwell by a length, j
The first ehcice was a close third.
Bookmaker Barney Schreiber's handy :
£I!v. &ofa.la; made it three straight in the !
three-furlong scramble for two-year-olds, j
Again a pronocaced favorite ehe earned
the decision from Sig Levy by a short
head. M. F. Tarpey ran a good third.
After many trials and tribulations I
Jenkins managed to land Mont Eagle j
winner of the second mile selling run.
Cut cff.cn two or three occasions the]
gelding eventually won. eaj=ily<from a poor j
lot. Antoinetta led out Aiienna for place j
honors.
The mile and a sixteenth handicap fell
to the favorite. Daisy F. Carroll's mare :
faced the barrier a J to 5 favorite, and :
taking the lead in the stretch, finished j
over a ienerh before Zoroaster a.t the ;
wire. Ventoro quit badly, but held a ;
tight grip on the *how.
In the closing event Theory laid away !
a choice collection of speed quite Impos- ;
Ingriy. Three to one was laid against her >
and she beat Harry Thoburn. a 13 to 1
shot, with something to epare. Behind ;
them followed Mocorito, High Ho«. St.
Casimer and Ben I>rdl.
Track Notes
After the fourth race Aflenna was
claimed by E. Hubt^n. owr.er of Choteau,
who secured the filly for JGS.
Jack Martin, the rider of Summer In the
opening srrint. wa« fined J23 for Interfer-
Ire with Fpencer on Gusto.
Kr.tr!e« fr>r the rich Turf Congre«s stake
to be decided en Saturday next close at
the track this afternoon.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; three-year-elis and
to Clara ado 411! K» Shenac US
... K»ai*at«T 113i «T Melvin Burch'ra.ll7
... EUa Bolanil S9j CU Ana Page.... ....11l
«:T M«intet*nk ....1911 .
Eecowl race— Tfcre* furlongs; two-year-ot 2a.
C 2 TT.lagsn « «22 Xlngrtell* IC3
O2 Laura Marie 102 fl« Woeful 191
Clf Aniratus te! C 2 OpaJ Stone SS
C 2 Moonbrtirht *; <:« Dunfree 105
a Lilr Lnggs 135'(€l«>Rathgar ...110
... Ht. F.ica_ 113' ...Bride Ale 1»
Thir-i race — Clx furlongs; three-year-ol£s aad
:;nrar<l; sellirg:
Ca Orion 1» 455 Alarla TIH
Sit £ic!«r» l-s;«C4>Mon<i* ioe
d Gull Baron 104 ISA Asan 197
M Sweet Wi::usa..lOT! £C Revanna. 133
d Ben Lell 115; ITL Mar Oertruie... 91
K« P-acivan lit <"-M)Good Hope 1M
€::-)su{r.ien I.*' €2* Faversham ......V»
iz: Tuth!:i «; rr; socialist .........111
CS Kitty Kelly ST,
Fc-urtn race — One die; threi-j-ear-clds and
ipward; telling:
[^<iAfa^&da Ml CA F. W. Erode &
£44 Billy McCloskey. Xt «r< White Fern S3
1 CI« rOppccect S3! I*l Potente S5
tfXZ)Tbe Le-Jr SB] «01 The Fretter 56
... Catastrophe ICI fiTtißiahop Reed \<A
Fifth race — Five and a half furlcsgs; three
rear-cids; eelung:
KS Free Pass 152 : C2S Actler 1M
CS Gusto IT. 171 Luia W 10«
MS Joe McGee KM] SSS Miss Vera. IC2
Sixth race — Five furlongs; four-year-elds and
£pw&rc:
... lastallatsr -. 122| Cl 5 Monaentusi 110
... Afghan 119; ... Tom Sdith 110
... Los Prtftcs IX7] ... Vlorts VA
VJt Hu=ch lt»; ... Naples ......... ..I'M
... Oahu Hi £M Delecta 104
... Helen G VAi S7l Epry Lark. 1U
€13 Nora Ives Hit' StS Jael 193
Selections for To-Dav.
First race— Heal water. Ella Botaad, Mssate
bftsk.
Second race — Dusfree. Rathrxr. Laura. Marl*.
Third race— TcthiH. Pwerassa, Kitty Kelly.
Fcurth race— Pctente, Opj-ccent. Tfce Ledy.
Fifth race— lxila W. Joe McGee. Miss Vera.
Sixth race — Aigfcaa, Installator, Mcznentata.
For Racing Chart S«« Page Eleven.
MIDWEEK RESERVE STAKE.
j
The er.trtes for the Union Park mid- !
week reserve stake for to-morrow com- |
prise a good lot of dogs. The prizes will :
be first. JjO; ninner-up, $30: next three at >
83 each, next eeven at JT 'Si each, next j
fourteen at 12 » each. The draw resulted i
as follows:
M. I»ndca'« Magneto vt. J. Kenaedr'* Night
I Time; F. A. McConib'B Ore Spot vs. Curtis tc
Eon'e Vanitjr Fair: H. H. «ra>-"« Terrocette
} *•- Pasha Kren»!i" Rest A*»ared: F. A. Jlc
j Cosrb'i Little Joker* v». H. H. Gray's Rona:
Cunle i .- r. - Commodore \t. 3. 'Mutter's
Mooirito; S. Mi-Culloagh # « Flashing Lass
vs. Curtis tc Wi Echo; J. Ccis Hairbrain
• vs. Lowe ie Thompson's Prince Hal; F. C.
Mack's D«!La M v«. J. Sraita'f Firefly: J. Ken
nedy's Ever Shore vs. F. Mark** Black Pattl;
D. Ford"t Bon'.ta vs. Mafcer & Reid's Uncle
Fuller: Lowe 4c Thoapson'e Patria vs. g. E.
Port«!»' L*srelwood II; Hall Ie New-hall's Noa
pareil vs. 6. E. Portals' Scphie; George Shar-
E»a'i Wait a Bit vs. Pasha Kesseli' Sylvia:
j A. L. Austin's Lcs Ar.jt!" ye. M. B. Kav
afcagVs Hard Lines; J. Ronslnc's Dempser
I Lacs vs. V.'. Calms' Signal; 8. Mabonev's
I Chief, of the "Hill vs. Jeff Martinet's Baxton;
I Pacha Kenro'.s' Mar Hetnpstead vs. George
1 Fhartcan'* Miss Skyrocket: TV. C. Gtasson's
( Tsmntte «m. F. C. Brown's Nellie H; Hall A
1 NewfcaJl's Florence N vs. Ma£«r & Reid's
! Ne!!le Bswn; A. L. Austin's Firza Fee vs.
t George Lahusen's Fireball; J. Strahl's Jlmmr
I Cork vs. Pasha Kennels* Reannex: W. T.
1 Hcbbs' Merry May vs. J. Murnace's WlUJwocxl'
J. CDowd's Cllftca Lass vs. Maher & ReM't
£fng>tor.: J. Mortarttys Et. Carlo vs.- Je3
Martinet's Bill Foster: J. Strabl's Three O.reni
vf. Cerfcery Xt Kogaa's H!gh Dice; B. MeCM*
lough's Fire Queen rt. Kelly A Hauler's Baby
K{ng; R. L. Taylor's Torment vs. D. E. Wiley's
May Girl; Janiea Dean's Ccsrade vs. W. C
Glasson's Terrosa.
SOLLY SMITH IN LUCK.
Referee Decides His Bout With Frank
Patterson a Draw.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Frank Patterson
cf this city ar.d Solly Smith cf Los An
geles, fotrght , twenty-five rounds to a
draw to-night before the Hercules Ath
letic Club. Patterson was the aggressor
throughout. In the fifth round he put
Solly to the flcror with a right Ewir.sr on
the head, and again in the sevnth Frank
sent Solly to his hands and knees from a
right-hand swing, his forearm catching
Smith on the back of the neck. His boiy
blows made Smith jump and wince several
times. These seemed to hurt the Califor
r.ian more than any others Patterson
landed. "»'•*. m
Smith was by no means idle meanwhile,
and he got Patterson's head and face with
right swings time after time, as well as
sending lefts to the neck and light and
left drives to the wind. Patterson block id
most of the Californian's body blows. To
ward the close of tbc bout Patterson was
still on the aggressive and outpointed
Smith. He sent Solly down twice in the
final round with right and left swings ca
the. Jaw. Despite- Patterson's advantage
the referee declared the bout a draw.
REVERSAL OF FORM.
Frank MrConnell's Owners. Trainer
and Jockey in Trouble.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 15.— Donna Rita
was the only winning favorite to-day and
she was put to her best to stall off Frank
McCormell. who was closing fast at the
end. Frank McCcnnell's performance dif
fered so widely from his last one that
the owners, the trainer and Jockey
Thompson have been suspended pending
an Investigation. The weather was
threatening and the track fast. Results:
Seven -furlongs. s*!Hrg— Ben Frost won. By
Geonte second. Sea Knight third. Time, 1:25.
Mile and twenty yards, gelling— Pballas woo,
S&tina second. The Bobby third. Time 1:4«.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Dcnna Rita won.
Frank McCcrißell second. Traveler third. Time,
l:c*y..
One bj!s*. handicap — Florizar won. Sir Blaze
»e<rond. Tom Mlddleton third. Time, 1:42»i.
Six furictS!r«. *«l!ln* — Sorre-1 R/>se won. El
Don* »*cond. First Past third. Time. I:ICJ{.
.Seren furlongs. Mllin*— Tuba Darn -won. De
bride ¦ecoad. Lieutenant Catoa third. Tlnje.
Goff Loses to Moore.
TROY, N. V., Jan. 15.— Dick Moore of
St. Paul was given the decision after tour
rounds of what was to have been a twen
ty-round go with Charlie Gofl! of San
Francisco at the Manhattan Athletic Club
to-night. Goff had the better of the con
test, but struck Moore after the gong at
the close of the fourth round. A free fljrht
was prevented, but Billy Madden, Goff's
trainer, refu&ed to allow his man to con
tinue, and the referee gave the decision
to Moore. • ¦
McCONNELL
TIPPED TO
BEAT SMITH
Tim McGrath Expresses Con
fidence — Kennedy, and
Stelzner Matched.
"Tim" McGrath. the well-known trainer,
who has prepared Tom Sharkey for all hi 3
contests and who Is now managing Frank
McConneU, the -young Calif ornlan middle
weight, has written a letter to his per
sonal friend. "Spider" Kelly. In which he
expresses the greatest confidence in Mc-
Conneil's ultimate victory over "Myste
rious" Billy Smith when they step un
der the ropes on the 26th of this month.
He says: .
"Frank Is in good shape and I thick
he will surely defeat Billy Smith. I sec
onded Smith when he fought McKeever
two months ago. and the way they fought
that night Frank could have beaten them
both In the earne ring. Smith thinks
himself the roughest fighter in the world,
but there is one rougher than he, and
that is Frank. You ought to have seen
him punch Handler in the clinches. He is
the best I ever saw. He takes advan
tage of every operJng. Tou know Green
defeated Smith at his old game in Car
son; you will see Frank do the same to
him here. In my opinion. Jimmy Hand
ler can beat Smith. Handler is as tough
a nut I have seen in the ring."
It is too early in the contest for bet
ting, but it is believed that- Frank, Mc-
Connell will be the favorite in the local
poolrooms. His victory over Handler ar.d
the confidence expressed by McGrath will
surely influence the betting. The letter
to Kelly was written from New Dorp.
Etaten Island, where McConneU. under
McGrath's watchful eye, is training for
his contest.
The Monarch Athletic Club, of which
A! Smith is president, has matched Jack
Stelrner ar.d Joe Kennedy to fig-ht In
Woodward's Pavilion on tbe evening of
the 30th of this month. Charley Long,
manager of the Western Athletic Club,
Is acting as manager fcr the Monarch
Club. As a preliminary. "Big"* Russell.
an aspiring candidate for heavy-weight
honors, wiil go 02 with Jack Morse of
Ar.gels Camp.
Tr.e San Francisco Athletic Club pur
poses paying the JT.OO license fee. and also
of opening club rooms at the old Howard
street Theater, which is soon to be put
in order for its occupancy. The monthly
exl;!b!tion which was to have been he'd
to-morrow evening has been postponed.
It is understood that the same card will
be presented in the new club rooms some
time r.ext month.
Henry Lewis and Jack Hall, Jack Dean
ar.d Charles Johnson. Charles Frost and
"Kid" F!nr.erty. Phil Boker and Jack
Carr will box before the Columbia Ath
letic Club Jantiary -S.
RING SPORTING EVENTS TRACK
And after the prophecy of Politician
Phil Crlmmms "that he would see grass
growing on the track" has come to pass,
"beautiful Ingieside" will soon be re
opened—that Is, unlesJs the present policy
outlined by the "Western Turf Association
miscarries. " •. ?
When Ingieside track, the property ef
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, was closed
by lawnearlya year ago and Ed Corrigan
with his band of turf parasites was driven
from the city, the faithful few gathered
together and the great Messiah. Henry
J. Crocker, selected San Mateo County
as the future camping place of the gang.
"Phenix-like from the ashes" grew the
Western Turf Association and Tanforan
Park, with the orange of Burlingame and
the green of Corrigan linked together *s
"otir colors." The new track opened in
November, with Ed Corrigan the major
domo of all thing 3 that happened, al
though it had been extensively circulated
that the ruler of Hawthorne had no hand
in the running ml things.
Smarting all the time under the pain of
having been driven from a happy home to
a hostile land where the natives frowned
on the interloper. Corrigan. Crocker & Co.
have abided their time and now. thinking
the iron Is hot, they intend to strike.
Courting the smiles of a Mayor, they tried
by ever}' known hook or crook to defeat
these apostles of the turf for the coin
there is In It. prostrating themselves be
fore the tribunal and beseeching that the
gates cf Ingieside be again opened.-
San Mateo County has already tired of
its new friends, and it Is said the Super
visors have asked: "How long will this
thing last?" Its residents protest against
being insulted by the rowdy hangers-on of
the track, and its days are numbered.
So certain are the magnates of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club that Ingieside
win reopen at the term!na.tlon of th» com
ing meeting at Oakland track that all
printing matter has be<»n ordered under
name of the Cacific Coast Jockey Club,
with IngJeside .track as the scene of fu
ture operations. If a relief measure can
not be pained through the new Board of
Supervisors, then ,the association will
open In defiance of the law, and the days
of lawlessness and bloodshed at Haw
thorne will be re-enacted. The courts will
be sued for an injunction or any old thing
resorted to. so long as the gates can b«
kept open. If William J. Biggy. the pres
ent Chief of Police, remains in" power, un
til that tlnvi there seems to be breakers
ahtad for Corrigan. Crocker & Co.
An Interesting contest took place on the
linka of the San Francisco Golf Club on
Saturday, the opening day of the profes
elonal tournament at* Oakland. It was an
approach-patting competition and attract
ed the largest number of entries ever seen
In a ladles' contest on the Presidio course.
Of the twenty who entered seventeen re
turned full scores; and one a partial score.
Each competitor approached the green
over abunker with three balls from a dis
tance of forty yards, and three from a dis
tance of sixty yards, the number of
strokes taken to play the balls into th*
cup being counted. Miss Scott won. holiuc
the three balls at forty yards In fourteen
strokes, and the three at etxty yards in
twelve strokes, or a total of -twenty-fix.
Mls3 Hoffman, Miss Mulllna and Miss
Mcßean tied for second place with scores
of 27. Miss Scott took tne prize awarded
by Peter McG. Mcßean. The full scores
are given below:
SAN FRANCISCO . GOLF CXUB— LADIES'
APPROACH-PUTTING COMPETITION. •
MISS SCOTT
WINS AT
PRESIDIO
Interesting Match in an Ap
proach-Putting Con
test.
SURE THAT
INGLESIDE
WILL OPEN
Pacific Coast jockey Club
Orders Printing Done.
Tanforan in Disfavor.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
REED SPRINGS
HIS PET PUN
ON THE BOARD
Resolution on Public
Utilities.
At the regular meeting of the Board
of Supervisors yesterday afternoon Super
visor Reed offered a resolution calling the
attention of the Board of Public Works
to that section of the charter which pro
vides for the municipal ownership of pub
lic utilities, also requesting that body to
have Its engineers prepare the necessary
plajis, maps nnd nttelfttM of expense. In
order that tho Suprrvliior* tnlKht con
sider thorn before th« cud of Ihrf your.
Air. Heed's resolution mot with unani
mous favor and wns rrfrrmt to thn City
and County Attorney for a ?¦ mhhlhk <>f it*
legal construction,
The resolution pu.-Mcil in print by the
last hoard which lov|r><) n IttnM of 60 rrnta
a Quarter upon *ll trlcphonn tnntrtitnfiit^
wa» also refvrred to tho v\\y mni County
Attorney, upon the motion of Bupprvljior
Comte, who Mid that thrrr* vrn* n Irjjnl
point Involved as to whclhor tho prtMSl
boarxi coulvl take tlnal notion Upon nn or
dinance parsed to print by Its prrdcersnor.
Supervisor d'Ancona o(tcrc«l v rt-Holutlon
which provided that nil of th<\ vlrrlti of
the boarxi except the chief elwrk. xrmuld
b* subjected to civil service rules, i'omto
objected on tho ground that the charter
did not so provide and that tho boarrt wns
quite capable of selecting its own clerical
torce. Tobin stood with D'Ancona and
Reed, while Hotallng backed Comt«». On
Reed"s motion the civil service clause was
cut out and the resolution w&s adepted as
amended. Another resolution created four
clerkships at Jl5O a month; t*-o at UI2S and
the position of expert at $173 a .-north. The
places will be filled at the next meeting of.
the board and the old attaches will be
given the preference.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole, the Coroner, sent
in a request for a few little home com*
forts in the way of a hundred dollars for
"Incidental expenses" ' and a private tele
phone to hang over his bed at home. He
also wanted appointed at a salary of CO a
month a chemist, who should make all of
his chemical analyses. The Coroner's re
quests were referred to the proper com
mittees for Investigation.
The local lighting companies were noti
fied to send in statements of their incomes
so that the light rate might be fixed at
the proper time next month. The Bar
and Coast Railroad franchise was laid
over one week on the recommendation of
the Street Committee. The question of
appointing an official paper was. referred
to the City and County Attorney.
PETITIONS RECEIVED
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper cemmittee*:
Prcr-erty owners, requesting- that the Board
o* Public Works be ir.structe.3 to prepare rj-ci
ficatlorj for the fcu::iir.r cf a cc!vert In Troca
dero raleh and for th» flJliE? in of the saise:
aiso fcr tte pradirar and niaea.iani:xl=s of Nine
teenth av»r.ue frani a point i» ?••» south <sf
W street to Oe»an avenue; H. Goldstein, for
peraiirs'.rn to place an»i maintain an eje«-trie
light trans^irency in frcn: of pren^Sse* at 31
Third etre-t: property oits?t?. requestins :h»
coostracti-oa of Rom water i=iets != tlie ».?ata
east as-i MOtihwcst comers ef Treat tT>rs*
aad. prescniatlr. of Norwich street: Jcha W.
Riiey ani ilieha?! McClcakey. fisr *h« restora
tion of the gas lamp recer.tiy r*rs-?v»-l fr^-a
Ptorce street. t*:»«= KaJght asd Pa^e: F»4
en.il.ya cf M:s«:cn Irr:proTem«r;t Oafca. ityr the
ahat'mect of a cui^an^e ef Gray Brcs. et >_
in cr*ratinc a rr>*k cro»h«r asd /roarry at
Docylass and >7:i;p*r «tre*ts; jr:p*rty ct«-2*ts
of th» Acad»r:y T^.rt and Ex:elsier Hoc»
fteaji. fcr the extension of th« poasd Barits;
FTinn & Treacy. fcr re!e*s» fr-na ccatracts f>
constrvct artificial stcne ridewaiks on B*raar-J
street, between Taylrr aad Jcces, a=d Jc^e*
street. b«HDB«n Pacl3c aad Broadway; prop
erty owners, for the er*eticn ef a mast and
electric 15*ht at the comer cf La*e street a=d
Sixth »T»sue; Fliaa & Treary. for p*rrc!ssion
ca behalf of property owners to ccajtrsrt a
twelve-tech lronstcce plp« «ew«r. etc , ia
El^hteeath street, between Utah »tre«t a»d
Potrero i avenue. wi:h conaecthaj frsra Elyit
eenth street u> th* Potrero aresue newer
sasse. f^r rermlssicn ca behalf cf-prcp*r:y
owners t-> rave w.th btrsss^oos, rock, etc
Central aveace, b*tw»*a Pajre and Oai srr»*ts-
Evenbss Post. r«q-je?t:ns the board to with
hold from final any cr all resolstlccs
cf full acceptanc* cf stre-t -srork wa»»» the
contractor cr ODntractcrs have net raid the
printing charge Sncnrr-d f?r a!irer-.!«!=g pub
lic cr private work en streets; Saa Pranc-sro
Labor Coun-r 1 .!. tar the passa** cf a rescl^ti^n
that milk fcr city and county lnstirsUona be
taken fros dairies err.ployi=a c-icn Kilkers:
Califsmia. fcilk Culture Society. r*cuestii#; ii««
an order fcr cr.* £a*. at least, of the Mayors
ragge»tioa. fr.r the adaption of & municipal C±g
be favorably cashiered; Weikert «.- B-aa-ib-rr'
for permission to erect as 4 maintain a be*!»
in the premises at the comer cf Tw»nty--in-a
and Dolores streets: F. A- Hllaj. fcr p«r=ji»s:<>n
to make certain alterations ta premises at the
southerly corner cf Market street aa.l Eas*
street socth: KGrth Central Is3rr->Te— ent As
sociation, appealir^ to th» board t» ascertain
If seme steps carsnet be taken to hasten the
occupancy of the ne-w Hall of Jsstfce; Ra.Ta'li
Vannuccl. fcr r*rml»slcn to reaiove a toi!'
in«: from Harrison street. b»:ween Twentieth
and Twenty-first, to Florida street. b«tw««n
Nineteenth and Twentieth: Allied Pristine
Trades Council, for the adoption d m. resol"
t'on lnstractlae the heads of departments to
petrcnlze rrir.tinir estatlishseats easploTi-r
union printer*: Paul Smith, for appointmeat to
the position cf day cr ti^ht watchman at t v e
City Kail; Saa Francisco Gas A Electric Ccm
pany. statins that the ccrapaay has removed all
its overhead wires a=3 i»s poles from th» s— »*«s
ia District Si 1. but there yet remaia" eix'-'r
sevea poles to be taken down, and la c-*er !
that they may b* removed it win be necesstarv
for the city to take d?wa the fire aiara a-d <
police telegraph wires, so that the cosi-uJjy !
can fulfill its part of the contract" V T "Web
ster, for payment of %XT7 ». bet=g the" valu» i
cf property destroyed la connection with the '
destruction of the Maclean Hospital aid ! ?isi- !
tartura by order cf th» Beard cf Health ca :
July S. U?J: Sanitary Redaction Works of Saa '<
Francisco, transrsittln*; check for JSTS M be-
Ing 2 per cent cf J3.U? 14. the gross receipts
fcr the burning- of garbage f>f the city and '
county from December 31. 1«28. to Decemi-e
31. ISS3; State Commlssioa of Luanry fo»- pay
ment of claims for US for the maintenance of
one Lcuis Campbell at the Xaca State HcwsHai
from XoTeraber I» to December 13 an- Varrh
Central Improvement Association. req-je«t"jt
that the sum of tlO. W> be expanded !a repavirj
cobble paved streets la the district covered by
the assoe'.atlca. *
It Has Happened
More than once that a child has been
carried off by aa eagle. Whea Bach
a thisg does happen the press rings
with the story. There's not a line
given by the press to the babies car-
ried oS daily by disease. It isn't the
fact of the child being taken away
that is startlicg or interesting, it's
oaly when the method of taking off
ia corel that it excites interest. How
many children die who might have
been saved if the mother •who'bore
thexn h*d been able to give " thesa
6£resgth and Tiulity. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription makes healthy
mothers and healthy : Cithers have
healthy children, strong enough to
resist disease if they are attacked.
SCrs. Axel S;er. of Gordcoville, Cape Gir-
ftrie*- Co.. Mo.. Writes: "Wisea I loos at tnj
lrttlg bey I f«l tt rsv dstr to write to you.
Thik ia ey tfth cMla aad the only ooe who
one to eaiurity; the others barisg iiei
froa lack of noeri*h.ia«xt— «o the coctor
•tid. Ttis tise I j=«t thought I woald trr
rotrr ' Prescription.' I took siae bottle* sad
to icy «srprue it carried Be through and
cm-re aa as fise a little boy as erer was.
VeijT.e-i tea aad or.e-hi'.f pounds. He is
sew five raaoth» old, has cerer beta aid: a
isj. asd Is so strong that ererTbody who
•cc* him woaders at him."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets keep
the bowels healthy end regular.- --•
CONTAGIOUS
BLOOD POISON
PERMANENTLY CDRED.
Consultation Always Free. f s
DR. METERS & CO. are the only
specialists on the Pccif.c Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men
exclusively. Blood Poiton a specialty.
DH. METER 3 A CO. conduct t!ie larg-
est aad best «ju!pped medical Institution
and have the most extensive practice la
th* world. Tfcey avoid the use of all min-
eral, poisonous or dangerous drura ana
electric belts. All their remedies are care-
fully compounded In their private labor-
atory. u-itAovt cost to their patien'n.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
m BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE. [
PATIENTS MAT DEPOSIT THE
prtc* of a cure In any San Francisco
bank, to bo paid only after they are well,
or may r«y >n monthly installments.
I'rtrM reasonable. No other doctors will
mak« such an offer.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK,
Thousands of men are cured at ooise
every year. If you cannot visit San
Francisco, write for free private bock..
advice, question list. etc. All ccrre-
upondenc* confidential. No rrictlsc on
envelopes or packages to Indicate sasi«
of sender. |
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S, F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO Trj!RO FLOOR.
HOURS— PaIIy. S to 5. Eventers.
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11. t
THE QUEEN OF LAUNDRESSES
j Is a title lcrg?^ for by the Parisian
I B!anchiss€cse. But our airs and arr.bi-
! tioa Is to do better work than any other
j la*indry in San Fra.nci«co. and we b*-
lleve -we have sueceeiled. The color and
• finish of otjt wcrk is marvelous, and the
j manner in which we smooth the edges
I cf your collars and cafTa r:ak?i th*
; Tvearins of them a !*oiurx.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 423.
I Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St%
Annual g^
I Sale of «^J
ond Repairing.
AD. KOCoUk & CO.,
M? n h rSSrW Furriers,
121 Post Sfewt. Bacss 7 to 13. :- ',
Avisir DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
OF ANATOMY*
3 . j'i iWiii Waol. V* aarm mcm .- .-.T-rk. -» j J
d fI92J C3 -«raS2A.H-PSIYATt C13I«IS $
\ f(V4^3 C«M3!aaon fr~- tad ctc-St 7r~mm. \
\I y h! ¦ ramttn hf»:m?Ta,t.-;r-i<M. W
if f ;IK. Writ lot »^oi. PBILOIOPBT rt i
™ i i~ *»«m»cf., Ntius msjt txf
\ Q ll ntsioi* back fa* ars; \
f Dlt JiiBDAS * CO . iai Mir!t»t <t..f>. F 9
*Mf ' iU.Vwwi Diwimi r»i!in T M»"V
\i s» f W.Biml«mvi»», «c, canned by om
1 jJ, Z2? »a£.lad»ewtion«. They *uieklw
S *£/*>. > *—* n*r*l v restore Loss. Vitaurj ta oil
Ot "I ° r fooac aai n: a maa for »:t»2r. bi«i-
rfCV'k. »•"• or p:«*»ar«i. Prsrent Iss^juij %s.\
"li^f»jß>Co^n= t uca it fcUea la ti a r>.-:
»Ji»bow»t«m«lU*» in;:ro*R&*at vi efiarta CUSS
rwtAcanlaeacheaaeor irfocd ihm nweer. Pnc*
Hflfft t* r PaclUtfß. er nx p*ck«xM trail tnau
SJl^SSft^aK^W^S
AJAX REMEDY CO., 8^
Tar nic In a F. by Lelsatts * Cto.. x o p^.
e«nta»e Draj Co.. Owl Dnj X Ca.. a T.. CaU'4.
HEIN VIGOR ATO3
1 . Jl «»»• *• «aact cnr%. ThU aecrvc
X— - ' m-^% nmmCr nops an lc»s«» ta **
S5« I&2& sour»«5 our »« cyr** Ens!»«; o r.». lr=po-
JJG& faff? 1 , Manhood aad all *v; ;:? «Sscu
SrV^r 6 *^ HAIXS MEDICAL IS-
£BR%£3& «ay v. r .-.Y.vrt3
k ;}
MARKET SISfSx&T
Weak Men* and Women
C HOULD USE DAMIAN'A BITTEBa. Tin
.SSPJSSSSfiSEIfeS
4
5
i
1
1
MLs« Soott
Mis* K-.-rr.-r.aa ;
Miss Meß**a
Miss MallUra
Miss Morsaa
MJis Moody ,
iilfs Cars!&=
Miss Dma
Mrs. H. T. Scott
Mrs. Ci**-fcrouy!i
Miss Crockett ,
M!s» Taylor ,
ilin H. Che*»braQsh
Mrs. Breed«a
Mn. B«!ch«r :
MJb« Jo«selra
Miss Tfa«reae Merman ?
Miss Ivea
it
14
II
15
13
IT
14
15
U
1«
14
12
17
r>
ie
14 I
v ;
14
n
14
12
14
1!
»
"I
19
15
s
s
11 1
i »
so
JO
so
*)
i n
31
S2
S3
34
1 s
5
i
1
1
MLs« Soott
Mis* K-.-rr.-r.aa ;
Miss Meß**a
Miss MallUra
Miss Morsaa
MJis Moody ,
iilfs Cars!&=
Miss Dma
Mrs. H. T. Scott
Mrs. Ci**-fcrouy!i
Miss Crockett ,
M!s» Taylor ,
ilin H. Che*»braQsh
Mrs. Breed«a
Mn. B«!ch«r :
MJb« Jo«selra
Miss Tfa«reae Merman ?
Miss Ivea
it
14
II
15
13
IT
14
15
U
1«
14
12
17
r>
ie
14 I
v ;
14
n
14
12
14
1!
»
"I
19
15
s
s
11 1
i »
so
JO
so
*)
i n
31
S2
S3
34
1 sNew Year's Vindicator.
The New Tear's number of the Vindi
cator is now being drcu ated. The paper,
which Is rapidlly gaining public favor.
In this edition contains a detailed history
cf many of the biggest deals In which the
city c representative business men have
bet-n associated. In addition It contains
other matter of public Interest and com
mon concern.
SAMPLE BOTTLE FREE
f£*A Ml l£ifl Ejwim Era mW&Jm fijiSßl tm^m Bui Es IgSa Eh] E3J tffa ftj E9 Ds2
THE GREAT KIDNEY REMEDY. T HE w J ) n n^d^al N scYence covery
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
Civil Service Commission.
Eighteen hundred laborers have so far
registered their applications with the
Civil Service Commission. Of this num
ber the first five hundred will be employed
as Boon as the Street Bureau has work
for them. The others must take their
chances later on. For the. classified ser
vice five thousand application blanks
nave been given out and about seven hun
dred have been filed with the proper in
dorsements. A number of women have
expressed their intention to undergo the
examination.
Evening School Visits.
The Bo^rd of Education will ehortly pay
sn official visit to the evening schools
with a. view to abolishing those found un
necessary. The three schools which ap
pear to be struggling for an existence are
the Spring Valley, on Broadway and Polk
etreet; Rlncon School, on Sliver street,
end the Richmond School, on Point Ix>bos
and First avenues.
Yachtsmen Nominate Officers.
At a members' meeting held last week
G^orgo D. Campbell, ex-Vice Commodore
G. T. S. White and Starr Keeler^ere ap
pointed a committee to prepare a list of
nominees for officers of the San Francisco
Yacht Club during the present year.
They have submitted the following: For
commodore, rx-<"ommodore and Super
visor W. N, McCarthy; for vice commo
dore. Harry R. Simpkins; for port cap
tain. James" Kitterman; for recording sec
retary. E. C. Bart leu ; for financial secre
tary. W. G. Morrow; for treasurer, R. B.
Hogue; for Mrasurer. J. R. Savory. The
election wll Hake place on the second
Wednesday in February.
COURT NOTES
John L. Baggey, a longshoreman, was
held to answer yesterday before the Su
perior Court by Judge Cabanlss on the
charge of forgery for forging the name of
Nicholas Uddfolk, an employe on the
lightship, to a check for $50, which he
cashr-d at the sub-treasury.
• Toramatsu Murakami was sentenced
yesterday by Judge Mogan to pay a fine
of $500 with the alternative of six months
in the County Jail for keeping a house of
111-fame at 532 Pine street.
The cases of the inmates of the Hotel
Nymphia, charged with vagrancy, wers
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday,
and by consent' continued till Saturday.
Robert M. Watson, engineer of the
train that ran over and killed *Mlss Rosle
Lawler at Seventeenth and Harrison
streets Sunday morning, was instructed
and arraigned by Judge Fritz yesterday
on the charge of manslaughter and the
case was continued till January 25.
JOBBERS' DELEGATION STARTS.
President Baker, Manager Ltoveland.
and Their Associates Off for
Chlco.
The delegation representing the Pacinc
Coast Jobbers* and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation, who will appear before the Pa
cific Coast Retail Hardware Dealers' As
sociation at Chlco, started last night for
the north. In the party were President
Wakefleld Baker and Traffic Manager H.
D. Loveland of the Association and W. R
Wheeler and Mr. Scott of the executive
committee. The fact has been developed
that the visit of the St. Louis quartet of
business men who will be present at the
meeting of the retail hardware dealers
was not Invited. They simply have seen
that there was a chance to make an ar
gument before the people among whom
they hope to raise antagonism against
the jobbers of the coast prior to the
meeting of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission, which will open in this city
March 15. and have prepared to do their
best. The delegation of the Pacinc Coast
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association
will attend in response to an Invitation.
Probably all the 'arguments will be gone
over before the retail hardware men re
specting the differential between the car
load and less than carload shipment.
Then the question will be left to the sober
judgment of the retailers.
MAN AND WIFE ENDORSE SWAMP-ROOT.
Incapacitated for Work by Kidney Trouble and Rheumatism,
Louis Rosenkranz Gives High Praise to Dr. Kilmer's
World-Famous Swamp-Root.
day, when I felt unusually weak and
thought that death was not far awar
from me; I picked up an advertisement
which happened to be lying close by,
and read about the qualities of Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root and what it would
do for human ills that flesh Is heir to.
I threw the paper away, but 'Swamp-
Root* kept dancing before my eye*
until I determined to try it. I sent ona
of the members of my family after two
bottles at a nearby drug stor», and
Immediately took the directed dose.
After I had consumed the two bottles
I was able to go downtown after It
myself, and I brought home two more
bottles. By this time the weakness in
the bladder had disappeared entirely
and the pains in my back and lega had
been sensibly diminished. I kept on
taking It. however, until now I hava
consumed eleven bottles, and as a re-
sult I feel better to-day than I have in
ten years. The Swamp-Root seemed to
take hold of the trouble at once, pnd
now all the pains have disappeared. I
propose to continue its use, however,
until I have taken a half dozen mor*
bottles, as I do not want a return o{
the trouble.
"I can say positively that I was cured
of a weak and Irritable bladder by th»
use of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp Root, anci
I am deeply appreciative of my release
from what was often an embarrassing
and distressing ailment. A man may
enjoy the most perfect health In every
other respect and yet be in continual
misery because of weak bladder. I
now feel bright as a twenty-dollar gold
piece, and consider that my cure has
been effected at a surprisingly low
rate, considering what I have paid to
the doctors for negative results."
CONVINCED OF THE
CURATIVE PROPERTIES
OF SWAMP-ROOT
Kidney Complaint of Years'
Standing Yields to This
Great Vegetable Compound.
Samuel B. Swan Is at present en-
gineer of the Hayes-street power-
house, a position he has occupied for
the past twelve years. Mr. Swan be-
gan filing on engines when he wa3
only 14 years of age, and was a loco-
motive engineer at the early age of 19.
He saw the last spike driven on the
Central Pacific Railroad, and he Is an
enthusiastic advocate of the excellent
curative properties of Dr. Kilmer"3
Swamp-Root. "When a Call reporter In-
terviewed him regarding the subject,
and requested him to give an honest
expression of opinion of the medicine,
he quickly replied:
"You cannot quote me too strongly
as being In favor of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root- Everybody knowa that
the position of locomotive engineer
acts harmfully on the kidneys, on ac-
count of the constant jar one Is sub-
jected to. That was my case. For
years I suffered with pains In the
back, superinduced by bad action of
my kidneys. Constipation, long con-
tinued, made me a very sick man, and
I consulted a dozen physlcans, none of
whom afforded me any relief. 1 re-
member a brother locomotive en-
gineer, who knew something of medi-
cine, who used to put me up some cap-
sules filled with something or other.
They did me some good, but it was not
lasting.
"Things with me kept getting from
bad to worse, and the pains In my back
became unbearable, when my attention
was attracted to the advertisements of
Dr. Kllmer'a Swamp-Root. I made up
my mind that I would give It a fair
test, and when I undertake to do any-
thing I generally carry it through. I
therefore resolved to take ten bottles,
and'if no good effects resulted I would
discontinue using It. My faith In it
may be understood when I tell you that
I have used fourteen bottles, and I can
truthfully . say that It has done me a
world of good, and I am a better man
to-day than I ever was In my life. I
feel fresh and vigorous, and ascribe It
entirely to my use of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root. I began by taking it
three times a .day. and now I take It
twice a day. I will reduce the dose to
one spoonful a day, and feel that It will
put me In such a condition that I may
soon stop the use of It altogether. I
will say, however, that I will always
have a bottle handy In case of neces-
sity, as I consider it to be better than a
hundred doctors all rolled into one.
"Put me down as Indorsing the vir-
tues of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root In a
most emphatic manner, because It does
everything and more than claimed by
Its manufacturers."
How to Find Out if You Have
Kidney Trouble and Need
Swamp-Root.
It used to be considered that
only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their
beginning in the disorder of
these most important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify
the blood — that is their work.
So when your kidneys are sick
you can understand how quickly
your entire body is affected and
how every organ seems to fail to
do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly,"
begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will
help all the other organs to health.
Kidney trouble is responsible
for more different kinds of trou-
ble and suffering than any other
disease. Kidney trouble irritates
the nerves, makes you dizzy, rest-
less, sleepless and irritable.
Causes rheumatism and neural-
gia; pain or dull ache in the back,
joints and muscles, makes your
head ache and back ache, causes
indigestion, stomach and liver
trouble; you get a sallow, yellow
complexion; makes you feel as
though you had heart trouble;
you have plenty of ambition, but
no strength, get weak and waste
away.
The cure for these troubles is
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the
world-famous kidney remedy. ¦
In taking Swamp-Root you af-
ford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect
healer and gentle aid to the kid-
neys that is known to medical
science.
If there is any doubt in your
mind as to your condition, take
from your urine on rising about
two ounces, place it in a glass or
bottle and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If, on examination,
it is milky or cloudy, if there is
brick dust settling, or if small par-
ticles float about in it, your kid-
neys are in need of immediate at-
tention.
Swamp-Root should at once be
taken upon the least sign of ill
health. It will make you well, and
is for sale the world over in bot-
tles of two sizes and two prices,
fifty-cent and one dollar.
Swamp-Root is used in the
leading hospitals, recommended
by skillful physicians in their pri-
vate practice, and is taken by doc-
tors themselves who have kidney
ailments, because they recognize
in it the greatest and most suc-
cessful remedy for kidney, liver
and bladder troubles.
To prove its wonderful effi-
cacy, send your name and address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
ton, N. V., mentioning that you
read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Call, when you
will receive immediately, free of
all charge, a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root arid a valuable book
by mail, prepaid. This book con-
tains many of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women
cured. Swamp-Root is so remark-
ably successful that our readers
are advised to write for a free
sample bottle, and to be sure and
state that they read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Call.
If you are already convinced
that Swamp-Root is what you
need you can purchase the regu-
lar fifty-cent and one-dollar size
bottles at the drug stores every-
where.
TOOK SWAMP-ROOT
UNDER PROTEST
Found It Wonderfully Effica-
cious in Ptomaine Poison-
ing, Malaria and Stomach
Trouble.
Elbridge C. Hutchlnson, who labors
at his arduous duties of pipemaker for
the Francis Smith Company, was seen
at his residence, 432 Seventh street, and
when the reporter asked for his opinion
of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root he began
to extol the remedy In the highest
terms.
"I may not be competent to judge of
the merits of the Swamp-Root, because
I have been using It for a few days only,
but I am sure when you hear of th«
circumstances under which I com-
menced using It you will agree with me
that^ it Is indeed a most wonderful
remedy.
"About four weeks ago I ate some
clams and was taken frightfully sick.
I called in the doctor and he pro-
STEAMER CHINA
FROM HONOLULU
IN QUARANTINE
More Plague Victims
in the Islands.
MATTERHORN STORM TOSSED
F. tf. SMITH AND McDOWELL IN
A COLLISION.
Transports Olympia and Pennsyl
vania Arrive' From Manila — Ma
rlon Chilcott Loses Her
Deckload.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer
China arrived early yesterday morninc
from the Orient. She was detained thirty
four hours at Honolulu, where she landed
€41 Japanese and put a large quantity of
freight Into lighters. None of the crew
were In communication with the shore nor
did the steamer bring any passengers or
freight from the islands. Nevertheless
the Quarantine Officer here would not take
ar.y chances and the China had to go to
Ar.geJ Island, where she will be fumigat
ed. The cabin passengers were allowed to
land. The officers of the mall steamer
who came ashore with the mall say there
have been twenty-two deaths from the
plague at Honolulu and that five suspi
cious cases were under surveillance.
The China brought up M cabin. 4 second
cabin and ISJ» Chinese passengers. She
¦was twenty-five days from Hongkong, fif
teen from Yokohama and five days thir
teen hours from Honolulu. The passage
was an uneventful one save for the deten
tion at Honolulu.
The China brings the news that the
American ship Marion Chilcott lost her
decK'.oad of lumber in a terrific storm. No
OJie aboard wa.< injured. The Marion Chil
cott was from Chemainus. B. C, for Ade
laide, Australia, and sailed from the
Sound In company with the Helen N.
KlxnbalL The latter vessel has arrived at
Hiio, Hawaiian Islands, and it was she
that brought the news of the disaster to
the Marion Chilcott.
The overdue shii> Matterhorn arrived
from Antwerp yesterday after a passage
of 169 days. The run is not considered a
lor.g one, but the Matterhorn is a fast ship
ana the underwriters pot scared and of
fered 10 per cent to reinsure their chances.
The Mattcrhorn had a terrible time of It
o!T the Horn during the month of October.
The heavy seas washed the tarpaulins off
the hatches, carried away the oil and
lamp lockers and poop staircase, smashed
in the doors of the deckhouse, wrenched
several side ports off their hinges, while
thre« of tbc lower topsails ¦were blown
«v . v.. . The vessel was nearly around the
Horn on October 11. but was driven back
to longitude €2 west and it was not until
the Jirst week in November that she final
ly got into the Pacinc. The Matterhorn
carries a very valuable general cargo.
The transports Olympia and Pennsylva
nia did not do any racing on their way
hpre from Nagasaki. The Pennsylvania
was twenty-two days making the run, the
Olympia beating her time by twenty-eight
hours. Both vessels had some very heavy
weather off the Japan coast. On one oc
caMon the wind blew with hurricane force
and the barometer was down to 25.40.
The Manauense was in port at Nagasaki
when the Pennsylvania arrived there, and
mailed one day ahead of that vessel for
San Francisco.' She had a crew of Fili
pino firemen, so it may be several days
before t*he gets here. Everything had
gone well on the Manauense during the run
from Manila to Nagasaki and the officers
on th« I'ennsylvania say the Btories that
reached here aijout the vessel were very
much exaggerated.
The Olympia brought up the following
passengers: Colonel C. D. Vlcle. Fourth
<avalry: Ray L.. Quaekenbuph. civil ser
vice clerk: U. J. McCord of Company G,
First California. William Wallis, chief
engineer; William Mair. first assistant
engineer; L. G. Edward, chief steward;
William Wiggins and Thomas Cullom,
oilers; B. Elliott, gtznner; Fred Rose, sea
man: Henry Dougherty, assistant electri
cian; Charles Cooper, butcher, and Nor
man Down?, third steward— ail of the
wrecked cable ship Hooker. C. D. Moront-
Fas. supercargo of the steamer Pak Ling,
fi. E. de Rackin of the New York Sun,
A. P. Smilery. quartermaster's clerk; W.
J. Hfll. commercial clerk, and Herbert
M. Brace of Company X, First Califor
ii!a.
The Per.nFylvar.la brought up the fol
lowing: Sergeant George Scott of Com
pany X, Twenty-second Infantry. Scott
lias been thirty years in the service and
comes home to go on the retired list.
Albert Tupper is a Portland boy. who
ran away from home and went to Ma
r.ila as a mascot. He is only 15 years old
and has had aJI he wants of camp life.
Albert came home on the Pennsylvania
and will go to Portland on the Columbia
In a day or two. C. C. Cox and H. J.
Johnson, two commissariat clerks, also
came home on the transport.
Both transports will be returned to*thelr
owners as soon as the Government has
Inspected and passed upon them. . The
Pennsylvania will run to Cape Nome in
th*> spring.
The Alviso steamer F. M. Smith did a
lot of damage to herself and the quar
termaster's steamer McDowell Sunday
night. The F. M. Smith was making a
landing at Clay street wharf on her ar
rival from Alviso. The McDowell was
moored at the end of the pier and as the
Btern-whe*-ler came in the tide caught and
carried tier down on the McDowell. The
ouartermaster's steamer had a couple of
aents rn&de in her stern, while the whole
port Bide of the F. M. Smith's upper
works was torn away. After considera
ble maneuvering the two vessels were
separated and the Smith got to her
berth. Yesterday morning the Smith was
taken to Oakland Creek lor repairs. Her
freight will have to wait until she is
ready for the run again.
Little Willy Warrick of Sausalito will
not "monkey" with a cigar cutter again
in a hurry. The lad was going home with
his father, and- while the latter was read-
Ing his paper Willy was playing around
the cigar Ftand in the ferry waiting room.
He put his linger In the hole in the cigar
cutter intended for the end of a cigar
and. pr^sKinj? down, released the spring.
The result wa» that the boy lo*t the top
of his finger. His father took him to the
Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Thorne
dressed the wound.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
FOUR CROOKS
ESCAPE FROM
COUNTY JAIL
Ringleader Was the
Head "Trusty."
• *
THEY HAVE NOT BEEN CAUGHT
TERMS WOULD HAVE EXPIRED
IN A VERY SHORT TIME.
Portion of the Roof in the Old House
of Correction Cut Out — Prison
ers Descend on a Rope
of Blankets.
«
Four prisoners made a successful break
for liberty last Sunday night about 8
o'clock from County Jail No. 2, formerly
the House of Correction, and so far have
not been apprehended. The men who
escaped are well known petty criminals
and include the head "trusty," Charles
McDevitt, alias "The Monk." who was
serving six months for petty larceny,
George Haggett, alias Haggerty, six
months for a like offense: George Savage,
one year for carrying concealed weapons,
and George Cameron, alias "Joe Cam
eron." twenty-one, months for battery,
vulgar language and disturbing the peace.
The escape was discovered shortly after
S o'clock In the evening when it was time
to tall the trusties to be locked up for
the night. The floor man reported to
Captain Sartorius that he could not find
Head "Trusty" McDevitt. AH hands were
pressed into service and an immediate
search was made. It was found that a
portion of the roof had been cut out.
dovetailed and then carefully white
washed so that only the closest scrutiny
would have revealed the evidences of the
plan to escape. When the time came for
the prisoners to make their exit Trusty
McDevitt pried off the old and rusty locks
on the cells occupied by his three ac
complices and the four reached the roof
by means of an improvised ladder of floor
grating. From there they dropped to the
ground by means of blankets twisted into
ropes. Five minutes before the investiga
tion everything was all right and the full
crew was on watch.
Sheriff Lackmann. pending investigation,
suspended Guard D. Sweeney, who was in
the wine when the escape occurred.
FINED TOR CONTEMPT.
President John Hackett Mulcted in
the Sum of $700 and Costs.
John Hackett. president of the Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Com
pany, was fined $700 and costs yesterday
by United States Circuit Judge Morrow
for contempt of court. The alternative
was ninety days' imprisonment.
There were two charges of contempt
against Hackett In the case of A. B. Bow
ers vs. Pacinc Coast Dredging and Re
clamation Company for an alleged in
fringement of the plaintiff's patent hy
draulic dredging machine. Judge Mor
row issued a perpetual injunction against
the defendant company, prohibiting it
from using the excavating machine which
Mr. Bowers alleged was an infringement
on his patent. The penalty was imposed
upon Mr. Hackett as president of the de
fendant corporation.
Louis Rosenkranz. who is employed with "W. W. Montague & Co..
was interviewed by a reporter at his residence, 387 Harriet street,
and he could not say enough In praise of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
His constant bending over In his work brought on a serious condition of
the kidneys, besides rheumatic attacks, which incapacitated him from
work. He had lost so many days and consequent wages that his wife, after
much persuasion, induced him to take Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root/ which
she had occasionally used with satisfactory results. The story of his ex-
perience is best told In his own words:
"I was beginning to feel very much discouraged," said Mr. Rosenkranz.
"The pains In my back were terrific, and I began to feel the symptoms of
that dread disease, rheumatism. It became very monotonous to be obliged
to go to bed every once in a while for a few days and then only get a tem-
porary relief from the doctors I called In. My wife began to lose patience
with me because debts began to pile up against my little household, and she
finally persuaded me to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial at least. I
did so, and I have used four bottles, with surprisingly good results. The
pains have entirely left me, and I can safely say that I have now not a
particle of kidney trouble, all on account of using the Swamp-Root, which
I was at first inclined to deride. It has proved a godsend to jny family and
myself."
Mrs. Rosenkranz was an attentive listener to her husband's favorable
opinions of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and when he had finished his com-
plimentary observations she added her meed of praise to the curative prop-
erties of the Swamp Root."
"I have always kept a bottle of the Swamp-Root In the house." she said,
"and it has never failed me in the hour of necessity. .1 must relate one par-
ticular instance of its beneficial effects among a great many others. A
few days ago I was taken with frightful pains in the stomach after eat-
ing some radishes. The pains became most excruciating, and they presently
commenced to shoot through every member of my body, and I thought I
would go crazy. In my agony I completely forgot the presence of a bottle
of Swamp-Root in the house, and my husband was about to go for a doc-
tor when I happened to think of it. I made known that I wanted my favor-
ite medicine, and my husband gave me a double dose. After an hour, dur-
ing which the pains gradually subsided, I passed off into peaceful slumber,
and in the morning, when the medicine had acted, I was able to go about
my household duties, though naturally I felt very weak from the terrible
experience of the night before. I took the Swamp-Root for several days,
and since then I have felt perfectly well. 1 can safely recommend the
Swamp-Root for the maladies to which everybody Is subject, and I am
a witness to the wonderful results obtained in the case of my husband."
nounced It a case of ptomaine poison-
ing. I kept getting worse and worse
and was obliged to call in another
doctor. Between the two, I was enabled
to get out of bed and go to my labors'
at the end of three weeks. I worked
for a day or two and felt that It would
be necessary for me to go back to bed.
This would have proved a great hard-
ship to me, as I had already lost three
weeks' wages and did not know how
long I would be obliged to remain in
bed.
"My wife had a sample bottle of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root In the house,
and she urged me to try it. I refused
at first, saying that it would not help
me, but at her earnest solicitations I
took a dose as a last resort. Wonder-
ful to relate, I felt better after the
medicine had performed its functions,
and I kept on taking it. I continued to
improve, and after the sample bottle
was exhausted I bought a large bottle.
I must tell you, that I did not take to
my bed during all this time, -but went
to my daily work without any Interrup-
tion, and I assure you I felt grateful to
Dr. Kilmer for his discovery of the
astonishing properties of Swamp-
Root.
"Before my attack of ptomaine
poisoning, I suffered a great deal from
malaria and stomach trouble. My sys-
tem became so run down that I was
unable to withstand yie effects of the
ptomaine poisoning, and so was obliged
to take to my bed. I struck the root of
my trouble, however, when I began
taking Swamp-Root for my kidneys,
which caused the pains in my back.
Thanks to the persistence of my wife,
I tried it, and Its effects have been al-
most magical. It took effect at once,
and I think it has been a mental stim-
ulus as well as a physical restorative.
In a few days I have gained. in strength,
and no longer feel that tired sensation
after a day's work which I felt hither-
to. All praise to Dr. Kilmer for the
good he is doing, has done, and will do
for suffering humanity with his
Swamp-Root, for he has indeed been a
life saver to me."
OPINION ON STREET REPAIR.
City Attorney Lane Advises the
Board of Public Works.
The Board of Public Works received an
opinion from City Attorney Lane that cer
tain moneys, aggregating 54307 16, held by
ex-Superintendent of Streets Fragley for
deposits on account of building, sewer
and kettle permits, will, under the char
ter, pass to the control of the board. The
moneys, however, are to be returned to
the depositors in the event that no dam
ages result to the city from the use of
streets under such permits.
In all cases where the street is torn up
a written application shall be made to the
board for permission to do so. After a
deposit sufficient to cover the expense has
been made, the board must have the
work done, either by contract or day's
labor. The City Attorney says that this
provision is not intended to cover cases
of emergency, such, for instance, as a
break in a water or gas pipe.
"I would therefore advise," he con
cludes, "that you suggest to the Board of
Supervisors a suitable ordinance under
which your board may have power, with
out the formalities of a petition and an
estimate, to do this emergency work. A
deposit should be exacted from all cor
porations, or others using the streets, suf
ficiently large to cover all likely contin
gencies. But the control of the work
must not be taken from the Board of
Public Works, nor Its responsibility there
for in any way cut off."
Blaney Is 77 years of age, and his eye
is as clear and his hand as steady as a
man twenty years younger, and he as-
cribes his present good condition to
the use of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
Here is what he says about his ex-
perience In the use of the medicine:
"Some years ago I was taken with a
weakness of the bladder and pains In
the back, which ran down my right leg
and were excruciating in their Inten-
sity. I consulted doctor after doctor
and took prescription after prescrip-
tion, but I kept getting worse Instead
of better. In a moment of disgust one
Tried It as a Last Resort-
Better Than He Has Been
for a Decade.
John Blaney, a retired capitalist, re-
siding at 2721 Sacramento street, was
averse to having his name in print, bur
when asked what Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root had done for him he became en-
thusiastic in his praises of the medi-
cine and launched forth In a torrent of
favorable comment regarding It. Mr.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties 0f....
BIHPJ^^ YEn #^tffrm m WlkJ^k m «mk m Vrs iVfil ML i JgT X; K?^§ fc?j? ws?i tf&M Pi^k ?CJ
A Sample Bottle of the Great Kidney Remedy Will be Sent Absolutely FREE to Every
Reader of "The Call" Who Writes for It.
'•Call" Reporters Have Convincing Interviews With Prominent People in San Francisco Regarding:
Wonderful Cures.
Candidates for Superior Judges.
An opinion was filed yesterday by City
Attorney Lane with Registrar Walsh, in
response to the latter's request for Infor
mation, in which he holds that the names
of candidates for the office of Judge of
the Superior Court must be placed on the
general ticket.
Farnham Gains Sixteen Votes.
The count In the Farnham-Boland con
test continued before Judge Seawell yes
terday. At the close of the count Faxn
hara had pained sixteen votes during the
day. making a total gain up to date of
¦ljrtv-two votes.
0
5VELVET DRESSING GOWK.
This dressing gown Is of bright drab
liberty velvet, cut straight and falling in
graceful pleats. Over the pleated yoke Is
a collarette, with lapels of old red velvet,
covered with guipure and trimmed with
chinchilla. The apron is also of guipure.
The garment is edged with old red velvet
and chinchilla. "-¦ i ::'.- ;
According to a recent official report the entire
trade between Germany and her colonies last year
amounted to 14.766,000 marks, while the cost of main
taining them was 14.788.000 marks. It will be seen
from the figures that the colony business is much
more glorious than profitable, as we are likely to find
out before we get through with the Philippines.
Tod Sloan's view of the situation in South Africa
is not calculated to cheer the»English heart. Al
though his sympathies are entirely with the British,
the jockey's knowledge of pace has led him to the
belief that they have no walkover in the Transvaal.
Ludwig Lutz of this city is accused by Henry Her
bert and David Wilson of having practiced on them
a skin game in a sausage factory deal. In such trans
actions men should be careful, as the chances are ten
to one some one will put a horse on them.
If the authorities in the City Hall continue to hold
their secret sessions to discuss business of public in
terest citizens may have to arm themselves with jim
mies and dark lanterns to obtain information of affairs
of which they have a right to know.
Santa Cruz County is having a rise in real estate
that was neither expected nor desired, and very prop
erly does not receive the encouragement of real es
tate agents. Over two acres have shot upward about
fifteen feet.
If- Mayor Phelan "appointed" his other commissions
as he did the Police Commission there is little wonder
that the newly "appointed" officers like ways that are
dark. Some things, they, say, look better in the dark!
Since Mayor Phelan cannot fulfill all of his cam
paign pledges he would benefit the city greatly by
showing more discretion in deciding which to break
and which to keep.
It is said that a Merced woman, accused of mur
der, seems to realize her position fully. In this she
appears to have a distinct, advantage over the man
whom she shot.
, American pride has been humbled again. Foxhall
Keene went to England to teach our English cousins
how to hunt, and now he is in a hospital undergoing
repairs
A PARISIAN PLAGUE.
WHEN" you go to Paris this summer take your
rat terrier with you. You will probably need
him yourself, and if. not you can dispose of him
to advantage. You can even sell him to the landlord
of your hotel without fear of having him served up
to you as lamb cutlets, for at present in Paris rat
terriers are worth more than spring lambs.
The demand for terriers is due to the fact that the
construction of the new exposition buildings has
brought upon Paris a plague the like of which has
never been seen since the day? when the rats overran
the town of Hamelin. It appears that the sewers in
the city have for years afforded for rats a refuge where
they had nothing to fear and where they bred in large
numbers. In making excavations for the new build
ings along the banks of the Seine the rats were dis-'
turbed, and, being forced out of the sewers, took
refuge in the neighboring houses and in the markets.
; It is stated by a correspondent of the London Morn
ing Post that Dr. Henry Thiery of the City Hygiene
Service has published a report of the extent of the
evil, but without being able to suggest a satisfactory
remedy for it. According to statements taken from
this report, the rats are so numerous in the districts
near the river that the inhabitants are afraid to allow
their children to cross the garden or the courtyard
after dark. The markets have been infested to such an
extent that rat-hunting has been abandoned in de
spair. It is statea that on Acheres Plain rats esti
mated to be ten thousand in number have been seen
at once on two acres of ground planted with beets.
An interesting detail of the story is that the cat?
in Paris, which are very numerous, live on the best
of terms with the rats. It is asserted they can be seen
trotting about together. The city cat has lost its
reputation in Paris. He or she still enjoys killing a
ruoiise". but with other food to hand a rat has become
rather large game from the fe4ine point of view. For
thi? reason the Budget Commission suppressed this
year the credits for the cats kept in the storehouses of
?he Ministry of War. The cat as an official is now
only to be found at the Ministry of Finance and the
Council of State.
These statements, being taken from official reports,
Personally Conducted Excursions.
In Improved wide-Testlbaled Pullroaa tourist
sleeping- cars na Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany th»«» excur-
sions to look after the welfar* cf passenger*.
To Chicago aisd Kansaa City erery 3un<tay.
Wednesday and Friday. To Bcstcn. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sanday. To St. Paul every Sunday aad
Friday. Ticket ofSce. C 3 Market street.
The Fire Commission has established a "waiting
list." It is a safe bet that those who know the ways
of our new governors and are relegated to the '"list' 1
have lost confidence in the truth of that adage which
assures them that everything comes to him who waits.
GuHiet's Ice Cream and Cakes. MS Lark!a
St.; tel. East 133. . •
tune, builded in Guatemalan investments.
His widow and children are now in -Paris
and have been telegraphed about the sud
den death of the ex-Consul. The body
is now in Grays undertaking establish
ment, awaiting ordeTs from the widow.
» 1—
JOHN FOGARTY'S DEATH
Ex-Deputy Fruit Inspector Passes
Away After a Few Hours*
Sickness.
John J. • Fogarty. a bartender by occu
pation and formerly a deputy fruit in
spector, died suddenly yesterday morning
with symptoms of ptomaine poisoning. He
came home to his residence at 1019 Poartll
street half an hour after noon last Sun
day from the Bowhead saloon, corner of
Clay and East streets, where he was- em
ployed, suffering with cramps. His symp
toms became, more painful, and at 4
o'clock Dr. Bunnell was called in to pre
scribe for him.
The unfortunate man rapidly grew
SISTER CORA SEAWELL of the
Episcopal sisterhood is no more.
She passed away suddenly
some time, on Sunday evening
at 1513 Jackson street. Mrs. William
F. Lorey, at whose residence Sister
Cora made her home, found the no
ble woman stretched cold in death on
the floor of her room earjy yesterday
morning. The Loreys reported the sis
ter"3 death to the Coroner and the
body was removed to the Morgue. The
sister who had attended the last hours
of so many passed away unattended
and alone.
Sister Cora was one of the most
zealous of all the Episcopal sisters and
was known for her cheerful disposi
tion, kindness to all and unselfishness.
She labored early and late in the
cause, and in her passing away the
poor sick and needy have lost a good
friend.
At the time of her death Sister Cora
was connected with St. Alban's Mis
sion, but had been previously perma
nently identified with St. Luke's.
THE INCURABLY INSANE.
THE meeting of the lowa Legislature and the
report thereto of the Board of Control, a body
corresponding to the Board of Charities and
Corrections in some other States, ha? disclosed an
astounding condition of affairs in that State affecting
the incurably insane.
It seems that when insane patients m either ot
the :hree asylums lor that class m tnat State are de
c:dcd to be incurabje they are returned to the coun
ties whence they were sent. As their families, if they
h-"».ve any, cannot care for. them and they canr.ot be
kept in the common jail, there lias grown tip a sys
tem of cor.Sning them in the county poo'rhouses, and
xr. every county there is, as an adjunct to the poor
house, a pen of some sort for the unfortunate insane.
The result is the dotting of the State -*ith ninety
nine dens in which these incurables are confined. In
some case* they are chained to the floor; in no ca^o
can they have that care and attention to their per
sonal cleanliness and welfare most necessary to the
wholly demented, and without which it is much bet
ter to give them euthanasia by some merciful means
that will wholly put out their darkened light.
This report of the Board of Control reads like a
chapter out. of the far past, before science had wrested
the interests of the insane :rom the grasp oi supersti
tion, and before the world had learned that the brain,
being an organ with mind as its innction, was natur
ally subject to physical disorder and impairment of its
(dictions like the other organs. We believe that- in no
other State in the Union has the interning cf the insane
:r pofirhouses existed lor many years. >o apology
can be made for it that squares with humanity, sci
ence or the policy of modern civilization, which is
to take under the best care society can provide those
who are disinherited of mind or fortune, and inca
pable of caring for themselves. We had supposed
that the » orld had so far outgrown the lowa system.
that to find it in force there is like discovering a tribe
of troglodytes, led by the man who left his skull in
the Neanderthal Cave for the purposes of scientific
speculation. It h like finding the rack and thumb
screw somewhere in use as a property of courts used
ja the administration of justice to extort confessions
to be used against the victim.
No matter what claims poorhouse stewards may
make as to their treatment of such unfortunates.
every alienist and every observer of those who--?
minds are disordered knows that even with the best
intentions proper care is impossible under such con
ditions. In the county infirmaries in California it
is not uncommon to find a trained physician as su
perintendent. These infirmaries are the analogue of
the lowa poorhouse, but the latter is in charge al
ways of a non-rr.edical man, and is only visited occa
sionally by the County Physician, who administers
bread pills and drowsy «yrups to the poor for a fixed
salary. Under such a system the insane are sure not
to have proper care.
There has been complaint of the number of insane
asylum* in California. Their ntrmber is due to the
fact that here all the insane in the State are furnished
with the best and most enlightened care that science
and humanity can give them. At Agnews Asylum
the incurably insane are specially cared for. It was
built for them and they are sent from the other in
stitutions to end their darkened days there. But even
there science and diagnosis do not jtand with help
less hands in their pockets. Observations, treatment,
the means of final cure are all the time in action, and
there is afforded even- encouragement to a favorable
change and final cure for those who enter the place
in that merely vegetable state that indicates total de
icentia.
It is said that the lowa system was adopted for
economical reason*, but we insist that no modern
State can afford that kind of economy. California lias
borne the burden of the best C2rc attainable for her in
sane and has been criticized abroad for their number,
confined in five asylums. We have now a suspicion
that if the insane of lowa were cared for in like man
ner and registered in State institutions, it will be found
that she has had as many as *c and has cared for them
with far less humanity. The whole Union will await
with interest the effect upon the lowa Legislature of
this report of the Board of Control. One of the
members of that board i« William Larrabee. who has
bren three times Governor of that State, and an
other is Judge L. G. Kinne, who has served a fu'l
term as Justice of the Supreme Court, so that what
the board s.ays has behind it authority of unquestioned
personal eminence.
The people of California may well felicitate them
selves that while there has been occasional misman
agement of our insane institutions it has been con
fined to the merely political part of their administra
tion and has rarely touched their scientific and hu
mane side
AMUSEMENTS.
OrthettSJ— Vaudeville.
Colassbsa— "A Winter* Ta'.e."
CaElorsla— "Tke Cocstew GxszStL"
Tifoli — "Tt« Idol's E}"«."
Gre=3 Op«ra-hou»e— "Doa Ca»*ar of Iroa."
Alhambra— " A Hot Old Time."
AicEiar— "l-adj- V. :r:<ierrE^r»»'« Fan .*"
Chii'.ft. Zoo end Tteatrr— Vaudevill* erery afternoon and
BMBSOg.
Olytnji'.ft. eorcer Vaeoc «=<J E!i!» rtreet*— SpeclaltJe*.
P»ncrttrj. Bf.t'.e cf Mm*** 1 ! Ety, Market itreet. near
E!«kUs. ~ i -¦
£h«rrsa:a-C".ay Kali— San* Recital. Monday evening. Janu-
ary =¦
West»m Turf Arewlaticn— Rare* T.s-£*r.
In the debate on the financial bill Congressman
Boutell read a number of letters from Thomas Jef
ferson, with the object of showing that the illustrious
author of the Declaration of Independence was not
sc good a Democrat as the Bryanites claim. In one of
them Jefferson asks a friend ahout to visit England
to make inquiries at the Herald's office for the anus
of the Jefferson family, and says: 'It is possible
there may be none. If so I would, with your assist
ance, become a purchaser, having Sterne's word for
it that a coat of arms may be purchased as cheap
as any other, coat." The letter, is interesting, but it
is hardly. fair to draw from it the conclusion Mr.
Boutell does. It shows that Jefferson wished a coat
of arms as a family ornament popular in Virginia at
that time, but.it also shows that he was indifferent
whether he got it from his ancestors or had to buy
it for himself, and in that indifference lies the element
of democracy.
worse, and at < o'clock yesterday morning
Dr. Green was sent for. but when he ar
rived Mr. Foearty was dead.
The deceased was a native of New Yo:X,
ZO years old and had a wife and family.
Coroner Cole was noticed and an inquest
will be held on Thursday.
Woodworth Left No Will.
OAKLAND. Jan. &.— According to th«
petition. of Jennie L. Woodworth for let
ters of administration, her huaband.
Douglas B. "VVoodwcrth. who died at his
homo in Dimond January 1. 4eft no will
md but little property to be administered
upon. "Woodworth. who was an eJ-mem
t>er of the Canadian Parliament, was re
puted to be wealthy, yet the widow's pe
tition recites that the estate consists o!
the home at Dircond. worth tSZtM, subject
to an - $ISC*> ¦ mortgage, besides personal
property and effects of small and un
known value. " The heirs are the widow
and two sons— Percy C Woedwortb. re
siding in Nova Scotia, and Todd C. Wood
Death of Edmund Noyes.
Sp-oial Dispatch to The Call.
YREKA, Jan. I".— Edmund W. Xoyes. a
prominent business man of Boston, Mass.,
died in this city yesterday from an at
tack of bronchitis. Mr. Noye3 was a
prominent Mason, being pa«t master of
Hiram Lodge of Boston. He wal a'.?o an
old soldier, havir.s? served with distinc
tion la a Massachusetts regiment. He
leaves a widow and two sona. one. of
whom left here Saturday for Boston. Mr.
Noves was business inana&er cf the Lit
tle Tiger Mining Company in this county.
The remains will be shipped to Boston for
FRENCH CANADIAN SENTIMENT.
WE recently referred to the latent leenng in
France in relation to the final recover}- to her
sovereignty of all territory that had been lost
by conquest, including that portion of old Acadie
now included in the Dominion of Canada. We as
serted that this feeling was shared by the French
Canadians as it is by the French of Alsace and Lor
raine. At the time of our publication of this view
•ome doubts were expressed whether it was true as to
the French in Canada. Having been more than a cen
tury an*d a quarter under British rule, incorporate.l
into the empire and enjoying their share of elective
control of the Dominion, and having at present one
<->f t^««ir r-«TT!h<*r the Hon. Wilfrid Laurier. as Pre-
mier and actual ruler of all the Canadas, it was sup
posed that no discontent lingered among them and
I that the British conquest of 1762 had been forgotten.
I But it is not forgotten. Those who desire to study the
i philosophy of conquest may find material in the facts
|oC the French situation in Canada. Indeed we recall
I no instance in history in which a conquered people
I ever forgot the humiliation of their subjection. It is
transmitted from generation to generation, and is a
•entiment that survives the centuries. With this im
mortality of aversion and the spirit of revenge which
goes hand in hand with it all conquerors must
reckon. In th« time of their conquest glory gilds the
act. and the generation which exults in its power and
gayly cries "Woe to the conquered!" passes away
without feeling the long-cherished hate which will fall
upon its remote successors.
This is exactly the situation in Canada. The im
perial policy of the elder Pitt, though carried out by
other?, added Acadie to the empire, but it brought
with it a plague spot of undying hate. The French
organ in Quebec has just published an editorial ap
peal to the French spirit, in which it says: "The peo
ple of the earth have at length awakened from their
stupor and their torpor with regard to England and
have solemnly branded her the great corruptress of
the globe, the unjust dominatrix, the queen of evil
and misfortune. They are preparing now to cast her
finder the ban of the civilized world. All the accumu
lated wrath of three centuries may be suddenly and
brusquely let loose in a terrible tempest which shall
overwhelm and cast down this colossus. At present
England carries herself with a superb arrogance which
seems to defy not only all the peoples of the earth,
but to carry itself to heaven. Who knows how soon
she may crave mercy of the nations she has so inso
lently treated and humbly ask that they leave her a
few fragments of her ancient empire? And when
ether peoples shall have burst their yoke, shall the
French Canadians continue to endure its oppression?
The chances of the fight, so long favorable to the
oppressors, are at last with us. More complete still
will be our emancipation if the United States are en
veloped in the same punishment with England, as
they have shared with her the odium of the same sys
tem of oppression and domination of others. We
have seen the opposition to the French Canadian race
which has shown itself in Americanism and which is
indeed the basis and essence of it. If that insolent
republic be humiliated with England, and if the Eng
lish race be stricken in Europe and America by the
justice of man and the justice of heaven, it will be
less insolent to the rest of the world and will leave
to French Canadians to freely develop • their own
country-"
Futile? Yes, but no less an impressive evidence 01
the immortality of a sense of injustice that never dies
among the conquered. It is fed and strengthened,
from generation to generation, by differences of race
and religion, and some time it takes its place and
strikes as part of the widespread catastrophe which
is the end of all government based on conquest.
Such sentiments would not be published under the
British flag if they did not command the sympathy of
those to whom they are addressed.
They have a certain interest in this country be
cause Canadian annexation to the United States is
cherished in some quarters here and has supporters
among* the English in Canada. But we want no in
corporation of British conquests into this republic,
which carry with them a hostile and indignant peo
ple. We have sufficient trouble on our hands in the
bad title we have bought of Spain, which comes to us
seamed and scarred with the revenges of three cen
turies of her misrule and with its bar sinister further
emphasized by the immortal antagonisms created on
our own account-
If it shall prove that England's reputation has
grown by mere sufferance of the other nations,
swollen because unchallenged by any civilized foe. it
will appear that the French Canadian estimate of the
situation is not without warrant.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
'ITS VALUE— C. M., Santa Rosa. Cal. A
flve-dollar piece of 1545 does not command
a premium. Dealers' price for the same
is from $7 50 to *S 50.
CIVIL SERVICE— A, C. R.. City. s The
only information obtainable in regard to
the civil service examinations under the
newcharter is such as isfurnished at the
office of the commission in the City Hall.
CLASS JOURNALS— W.. E., City. If
you will go to the reference room of the
In spec ting- the Scene of an Accident.
Coroner Cole yesterday afternoon took
out a jury to inspect the scene of the
fatal accident to Miss Rose Lawler lut
Sunday afternoon at the crossing of
Seventeenth and Harrison streets. No
testimony was taken, the visit being
merely to acquaint the Jurors with the
topography of thp locality. The inquest
will be held on Thursday.
The Fastest Train Across the Costi-
nent.
Tto» California UnUted. Saata T» Root*
Connecting train leave* i p. to.. Mcaday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track cf any tin* la
tb* East. Ticket oface. C 3 Ifarket »treet
Dr. Siesert's Angostura Bitters. tfc# wcr!d re-
nowned South American appetizer and Jr.rlgor-
ator, cures dyspepsia, diarrhoea, fever aad aqua.
Free Public Library, you will find there
a copy of Rowell's Newspaper Directory,
which will give you a list, in the back
part of the book, under tb«s head of class
publications, of the periodicals you Inquire
about. . .
PLAYING CARDS— C. S.. St. John. Cal.
Playing cards are known to be of Eastern
origin, but when or by whom first intro
duced cannot be ascertained. It is, how
ever, tolerably certain that they origi
nated in Arabia and were brought into
Europe during the crusades. In an an
cient "History of the Garter" there Is an
extract from a wardrobe account of Ed
ward I. dated 1377, in which a game called
the "four kings" Is mentioned. As Ed
ward, before his ascension to the throne,
resided for some years In Syria, he may
have learned to play cards while in that
country. They were certainly introduced
into Europe in the fourteenth century and
they are said to have been brought to
Viterbo by the Saracens In 1379. From
the fact that an entry occurs in the treas
ury books of France of "50 sols of France
paid to Jacquemin Gringonneur for three
packs of cards for the amusement' of the
King" (Charles Vl> In the year 1333— 0na
year after that Kintr lost his reason— lt
has been erroneously stated that play
ing cards were invented for his amuse
ment, but they were certainly known In
France before Charles ascended the
throne, for in the romance of "Renard \c
Contrefalt" It is mentioned that cards
were In use m 1340. i .
A Bankrupt Housewife.
Mrs. Lugar da c Brun Sllva. housewife,
residing in Castroville. Monterey County,
yesterday filed a petition In insolvency la
the I'nited States District Court. Her lia-
billtfes are JT«f^ 43. on promissory notes.
She has no assets.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), aia Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main U4i •
Townsend"? Cal. glace fruita. 50c K>. at
735 Market et.. will move back in Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel, 639 Marke. St. •
JOHN MAGEE PASSES AWAY.
Ex-Vice Consul at Guatemala Who
Received $50,000 for a Beating.
John Magee. formerly British Vice Con
sul to Guatemala, and the man who pro
voked an International controversy that
brought him $50,000 and the Guatemalan
Government to apologetic knees, died in
the Occidental Hotel early yesterday
morning. He was en route to Guatemala,
but was overtaken with a liver disorder
that resulted in death.
Mr. Ma gee arrived here from Paris
January 6. He is a Scotchman by birth
and for many years served in the Brit
ish diplomatic service. While in Guate
mala he became the mark of the Barrios
Government and one night was waylaid
by hired ruffians who gave him a beating
with the lash. For every lash adminis
tered the Guatemalan Government was
forced to pay Mr. Magre $1000.
The deceased leaves a widow and sev
eral children, who will inherit a large for-
A NAVAL IMPOSTOR.
George Xeustadt Posing as an Officer
of the Navy on Leave of Absence.
Acting Chief oi Police Biggy received a
l<?tter yesterday from Colonel Charles F.
Williams of the United States Marine
Corps. Mare Island, to the effect that
George Neustadt, who was recent'.y dis
charged from the prison tr.ere. was mas
querading- in this city in th» uniform of
the Marine Corps and representing him
self as an officer of the navy on leave of
absence; also that he was wilh. Admiral
IV-wey.at tn<? bailie of: Manila Bay -.-*
•'He is an unmitigated liar and scoun
drel." wrote the colonel, "and has r.o
visible means of support. He served two
terms cf six months each for desertion
and was arrested in Oakland last year for
defrauding; people. The proper place for
him 1? San Qirentin."
Neustadt's description is: Florid com
plexion, black hair, dark brown eye*.
5 feet £V inches in height and about 25
years ot age. He wa3 dishonorably dis
charged from the Marine Corps December
25 last and his character was mark-od
-bud." V- : .
Death of Miss J. M. Walbridge.
OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— Miss Jennie* M.
Walbridse. for <aar.y years a teacher in
the Oakland High School, died to-< Jay at
h«=-r home, »>3 Eleventh street, at the ajf*>
of &4 years.
NOBLE WOMAN GOES
TO ETERNAL REST
Killed by a Mule.
Special Dispatch 10 The Call.
WOODLAND. 'Jan. 13.— Henry Flei. a
sheepherder employed on G. W. Scott's
farm near Madison, met with a violent
death yesterday afternoon- He was
thrown from a mule and his foot caught
in the stirrup. He was dragged for some
distance, death resulting from concussion
of the brain. He leaves a sister, who, re
sides in San Francisco.
Death of Peter J. Burke.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HALFMOON" BAY, Jan. 13.— Peter J.
Burke. ex-Supervisor and a prominent
politician of this county, died- at his home
in this c!ty last night at 3 o'clock after
a lingering illness.
Oakland Man Dies in Jackson.
Special Dispatch to Tfc<? Call.
JACKSON", Jan. 13.— At 4 o'clock this
morning F. P. Waggershauser of Oakland
died at the National Hotel here of hasty
consumption, superinduced by his weak
ened condition from the effects of having
his left leg amputated at the knee on No
vember 22 last. He was at work in the
Zeila mine in pursuit of hi 3 studies as a
mining engineer when a cave-In occurred,
crushing his leg to a pulp. He was a na
tive of Germar.y. aged 23 yearr The
father, who is here, will accompany the
remains to OakJand to-morrow.
THE SITUATION IN ASIA.
A RECENT dispatch from London quotes^ the
Calcutta correspondent of the Daily Mail as
saying: "While the official statement that no
alarm is felt concerning Afghanistan is quite true, I
have good reason to believe the Indian Government
has received disquieting information regarding Rus
sian movements in the direction of Persia. Russia is
taking advantage of the Transvaal trouble to
strengthen her armaments and push forward her out
posts along the Persian frontier with a view to ulti
mate annexation, a design in which. Germany would
probably acquiesce in consideration of receiving rail
way concessions."
It is inevitable that the British should feel some
alarm about the situation in India. For more than
thirty years Russia has been pushing Her way south
ward across Asia. It has frequently been asserted that
after the completion of the trans-Caspian railroad a
Russian invasion of India would be practicable when
ever the British force of white troops available for
defense was materially weakened by reason of a war
elsewhere. That time has now come. The British
have employment in South Africa for about every sol
dier thej- can spare, and, if there were no other factors
i:i the problem, Russia would have her long-desired
opportunity for the invasion of India.
The new factor in the problem is Germany. A Ger
man syndicate has recently obtained from the Sultan
of Turkey a concession to build a railroad from some
point on the Bosphorus across Asia Minor, through
the Euphrates Valley to Bagdad, and thence to
the Persian Gulf. That concession is one which has
long been sought by British, Russian and Aus
trian as well as German syndicates. The jealousies of
the?e powers prevented any of them from obtaining
it until the recent treaty between t Great Britain and
Germany opened a way by which the Germans gained
the coveted prize. It is well known the British
granted important railway concessions in Africa dur
ing the recent visit of the Kaiser to England, and it
is probable this Bagdad railway was considered at the
same time.
The Germans are now an aggressively colonizing
people. They have long been engaged in busi
ness in Asia Minor and do a considerable proportion
of the banking and railroading of that country. The
new concession gives them something like a para
mount influence there and offsets the influence here
tofore exercised by Russia. It is clear that by reason
of their interests in the Bagdad railroad the Germans
will be more or less antagonistic to Russian aggres
sions upon Persia, for. as the situation is now, the
Germans have before them an opportunity of becom
ing, hice the Russians and the British, a great Asiatic
power.
The very fact that the British are talking of with
drawing troops from India to strengthen the army in
South Africa confirms the belief that they have a
treaty with Germany which will afford them protec
tion from any attempt on the part of Russia to in
vade India. When Charming found himself forced to
oppose Great Britain to the strength of almost the
whole of Europe, united under the league of the
''Holy Alliance," he supported the United States in
proclaiming the Monroe doctrine, designed to prevent
European powers from attempting to subvert the
South American republics which had just declared
their independence. Upon a memorable occasion he
boasted, "I have called a new world into existence to
redress the balance of the old." The present states
men of Great Britain have done something of a simi
lar kind. They have called a new power into Asia to
redress the balance there. Germany in Asia Minor
may not always be favorable to Great Britain, but at
the present time she serves British purposes well.
Notable Deaths of the Day
ANOTHER ARGONAUT
GOES TO THE GRAVE
JAMES S. WETHERED. a pioneer
of pioneers and one of the mov
ing spirits of the old vigilance
committee, died Sunday evening
last at his home. 2109 Pacific avenue.
He had been ailing for some time, and
as he had long passed the three-score
and ten mark his end was not unex
pected.
James S. Wethered was born at Bal
timore, Md., March 24. 1524. His an
cestors were among the founders of the
commonwealth of Maryland. When 19
years old young Wethered received his
portion from his father and started
out in the world on his own account.
In 1544 he captained a mule train that
carried trade across the Allegheny
Mountains and on and out in the West
ern wilderness to Santa Fe. His men
had many brushes with the Indians,
but came oft victorious. In 1846- he cap
tained another . train over the same
route, and in 1547 he started for Cali
fornia.
In company with John Finley and
some others he bought and loaded the
clipper ship Rhone Hill and started for
THE LATE JAME3 S. WETHERED
the . Goiaen Gate via Valparaiso and {
Honolulu. At the latter place they stopped thirty days, and San Francis
co was finally reached on August 11, 1545. On his arrival here Mr. Wethered j
went to the Sutter Creek fields and there did remarkably well. He returned to
his old home early in 1549 in the United States ship Lexington, and came back y
again the same" year with another cargo of merchandise. From that time on
he met with the usual ups and downs of commercial life, until he finally re- 4
tired on a competency several years ago. •
Mr. "Wethered was a member of tne Assembly in the first Legislature that <
ever met In California, He was a life member of the Pioneers, one of the four
organizers of Monumental Engine Company Xo. 6 and a member of the vig- <
ilance committee. -
In IS6O Mr. TYethered was married to Miss Mary J. TToodworth. daughter
of the author of "The Old Oaken Bucket." The issue of that marriage, four
children, are all living. "Woodworth Wethered. the only son. is a civil en- '
gineer in the great copper mines of Michigan. The daughters are Mrs. H. Mar- j
tlnez. Mrs. Selim E. "Woodworth and Mrs. E. T. Kruse. Mrs. Woodworth i 3
the wife of Lieutenant Woodworth, U. S. X., retired. During the war he went 4
to the front as a volunteer. Mrs. Kruse is the wife of the well-known ship
ping and commission merchant. Mrs. Wethered survives her husband. <
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
are presumably correct, wherefore it will be seen that
rat terriers will be^among the most welcome gifts that
j-ou can take to your Parisian friends this summer.
Xo exposition tourist should go without one.
TUESDAY JANUARY 16, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ali Ccfr-muncations to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PIBLICATIO.V OFFICE.. Market and TUlrd. S. F.
Telephone Malm ISCS.
EDITORIAL. BOOMS. . . .21T to 231 Stevrnson St 4
Telephone Main 1574.
Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsle Cople*. S C«-nt«.
Term* !•> Mall. Inelndinj? rootien
DAILY CALL. MnolndJner »nniln)i. one year. .?*!/*'•
DAILY CALL (im-lndins Sunday), U month*. . 3.00
DAILY CALL, dnrladlne rundayi. 3 months.. 1.r.0
DULY CALL Uy Single Month 63«?
MMJAI CALL One Year USO
WEEKLY CALL One Year l-OO
All postmaatera are authorized to receive
subscript lon a.
Sample copies Mill be forwarded when requested
OAKLAND OFFICE OOS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Manager Forelm Advertinlnic. Mirgnett* Bnlld
iar, thlcaifo.
SEW YORK COnRE«POXDE\Ti
C. C CAttLTOS Herald Square
>E\V YORK HEPRE!SE\TATIVEi
ri;HHV LIKEIS JR. . .:. .TO Trlbnne linildlnc
AUCTION RAT.TIS.
:,
By Cia»* & MerienbaU-Tt'.s ''•ay, at 11 o'clock. High-class
ro*£ttera a=d Trotrera. at JT32 Market etreet.
By Turkirb lii« Co.— Tfccrvday. January IS, ax Ua. m. and
3 j-. es ., Turkish Rus«, at 1«* Stockton rtreet.
6
SISTER CORA SEAWELL.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT !
AND DURINO ENTIRE WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY, and SUNDAY.
American Debut of
7Y\AY BLAYNEY
In Oscar Wllde'i BeauUtul Play.:'
"LADY
WINDERMERE'S |
FAN!" • I
PRICES 15e, 250. 35c, BOc
NEXT WEEK-"LORD CHUMLEY." I
Temperance Orator Coming.
Hon. Frank E. Sibley. the noted.tem
perance advocate, will deliver a number
of lectures in this city the latter part of
this month under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club of San Francisco. At a
meeting of the organization last night
Pythian Castle was chosen for the lec
tures. Mr. Sibley is a famous Southern
orator.
Ladies' Low Front. High Back
Square Toe Rubbers, sizes 5
to 6y 2 25c
Misses' Storm Rubbers, Square
Toe, sizes n to 1 Vi .......... 25c
Ladies' Red Felt Romeos, sires
3 to 8. 80c
Ladies' Black Satin Slippers,
sizes 3to 8.. ........ .... 75c
Ladies' Red Satin Romeos,
quilted, sizes 3 to 7, C, D and
E wide .'....-.91.20
CHINESE NOBLES ARRIVE.
Missionary Lambuth Brings the
Sung Brothers to This Country.
W. R. Lambuth. secretary of the Meth
odist Board of Missionaries, with head
quarters at Nashville, Term., arrived in
this city yesterday on the China and is
now stopping at the Occidental. • He has
gone over the entire missionary Held in
China, Japan and Kef ea and brought with
him Messrs. T. Y.*Sung, Chinese brothers
of the same name, and scions of one of
the biggest famillea in the Celestial king
dom.
The Sung brothers are grandsons of
Viceroy Lee, who is at present the Man
dnrln of the two southern provinces of
China Their uncle is president of the
Imperial University, at Peking. It Is the
intention of the Sungs. to study for the
next three or four years at the Vander
bilt University, Nashville. They repre
sent the reform movement that is passing
over China and when their Western edu
cation is in a measure completed they will
return to their native. country to engage
in business and political, affairs.
WINVER RESORTS.
SPECIAL ECUaD TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES |B|f v
Mc»t noted Mineral Spring* In United States.
Marvelous cures, of Rheumatism, Blood. Liver.
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. ELY. City Auent. C4O Market «L
THE FIGHT IN JOYCE'S SALOON. '
WILL PROMOTE
VALLEY INTERESTS
1
Work of the Convention
at Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Jan. 15.— Delegates repre
senting various counties and municipali
ties of the Sacramento Valley met in
Woodland to-day pursuant to a call is
sued by the Colusa Board of Trade, for
the purpose of effecting a permanent or
ganization, which will promote the inter
ests of the Sacramento Valley counties.
Tho delegates met in the opera-house at
11 o'clock and effected a temporary or
ganization by electing I). H. Arnold of
Oolur-a chairman and George Clark of
Woouland secretary.
About 100 delegates were in attendance
at the afternoon session, which began at
1 o'clock. Mayor Britt welcomed the
delegates in an appropriate speech and
was followed by George V. Martin, who
delivered & stirrinc address.
The following committees were an
nounced: Permanent organization and
order of business— R. T. Devlin, Sacra
mento; B. F. Gels, Glenn; J. K. O'Brien,
Yuba; M. Diggs, Yolo; H. H. Seaton, Co
lusa; T. B. Hull, Butter.
Resolutions— \V. S. Green, Dr. D. P.
Durst. L. P. Farmer, Frank Miller, C.
W, Thomas, Henry Bielar, Hon. F. D.
Ryan, William Curtis, C. P. Wilson and
\V: H. Gregory.
W. S. Green stated the object of the
convention and spoke of the natural ad
vantages possessed by tiie Sacramento
Valley over other parts of the State, but
which remain undeveloped. Frank Miller
of Sacramento addressed the Convention
and said among other things that all
towns and municipalities In the valley
should organize boards of trade and con
sult each other as often as necessary re
garding the -best steps to take to promote
the interests common to all.
It was resolved that the convention
form Itself into a permanent organization
to be composed of the counties of Teha
ma, Glenn, Sutter, Butte. Yolo, Sacra
mento, Solano, Yuba and Colusa and to
be known as the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Assocjatlon. In addition to tho
work outlined in the call, the convention
proposes to memoralize Congress that all
timber land shall be withdrawn from sale
and a system of stumpase established
when necessary to cut timber at all. It
was recommended that the care of the
forests be placed in the hands of the
State University.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATERS;-
CERTAINLY
THEY
ALL
PRAISE
THE
PLAYI
The Countess Gucki
Makes & Decided lilt With the Press. The
People Always Come to Pee Our Perform-
ances. House Crowded to the Doors.
M:** Mary Van Buren Excel* in Ada Rehan's
Famous Role.
THE FRA\VL.ET COMPAXT.
N>rt Funday Nl^ht— First Time in Pan Fran-
<?i«eo of thf> Uproariously Funny i-'aroe Comedy
From the French. 'TO ¦ PARADISE.'!
Monday Nieht. Jan. Z2. at f:3ft o'clock. Fare-
well Corcert. MME. EMMA NEVADA, at Pop-
ular Prices. Peats Now on Sale.
COLUMBIA »£«
Every Night, Including Funday,
MATINEE SATURDAT.
A Dramatic and Scenic Triumph!
LOUIS JAMES.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
And a Comj>ar.y of 87 People In
THE WINTER'S TALE.
\'ATpi Curtain will ri«e at S:l.'». Car-
l~Vf * L • riag.s may be ordered for 70:50.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ENGLAND'S GREAT ANIMAL PAINTER.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. Russell Sturffla. Dr. A. I*.
Frothingham Jr., Arthur Hoeber, Frank Fowler and others.
XII. SIR EDWIN LANDSEER. .
Edwin Henry Landseer, known to fame
as Edwin Landseer, or Sir Edwin Land
seer. for he was knighted in 1550, was born
in London in ISO 2, and lived till he was in
his seventy-second year. But his last
years were mentally clouded. His was the
artistic temperament and he was consti
tutionally prone to attacks of nervous de
pression. These became more freQuent and
Increased In intensity as he grew in age:
and in the end they darkened his mind
almost wholly. Dying in 1573. he was bur
ied in St. Paul's Cathedral with the full
est honors. I
Landseer v.-as of a family of artists. His
father was an eminent engraver and
etcher and a well-known writer upon art.
His brother was an R. A. and for many
years was keeper of the Royal Academy.
His brother was one of the most eminent
engravers England has ever had. An un
cle of his, for whom he was named, was
also an artist of considerable reputation.
And other members of his family were
nartists. His mother was a beautiful wor-
of all the sreat artists of hla day Land
seer was the one whom people knew mast
about and were most able- to appreciate
and enjoy. And as a consequence. of nls
popularity Landseer was prosperous. His
pictures sold well, and In addition he re
ceived handsome royalties from the sal*
of the etchings and engravings made of
them. At his death his estate was that of
a man of ample fortune.
Landseer'a life was wholly that of an
artist. He was not a man of business or
of Interest in anything besides his art.
When ii boy and young man his father
looked after all his affairs. Although he
earned handsome sums of money from
the time he was 16. It was not until ha
was 23 years of age that he relieved hla
father of his care of him. Even after he
set up an establishment on hla own ac
count his pecuniary affairs were managed
for him by others.
In all his life Landseer lived in only two
houses. The first was that of his father.
The other was his own. In St. Johns Wood
road, where he resided nearly fifty years.
Such was the hospitality, the bonhomie,
the entertaining and erljoyable character
of Its owner, this St. Johns Wood house
became the most famous center of art and
artists and art lovers In England.
Landseer's ability was very treat, apart
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
1860 1900
The secret formula of Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey was discovered in iB6O
by one of the world's most famous
chemists, and, strange to say. no other
living man has ever discovered how to
produce a pure malt whiskey. This
j^reat whiskey has saved the lives of
thousands of people who were appar-
ently doomed by that dreaded of all dis-
eases—consumption. For forty years
Duffy's Pure Si alt Whiskey has stood
the most crucial test of doctors and
chemists; and is to-day recognized and
indorsed v by the best authorities in the
medical v profession as the greatest
known stimulant and tonic, on account
of its absolute purity and medicinal
properties. Duffy's is the only abso-
lutely pure malt whiskey manufactured
in the world. It is used and prescribed
as a medicine and is tho cnlv whiskey
stamped as such by the U. S. Govern-
ment.
CM the genuine. All drucKists and grocers,
Jl Ki. r.o.k of information Tree.
DITTY MU.T WHiSKtYCO., Rochester, N.Y.
Ladles" tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloak*.
Credit. 31. Rothschlldt. 334 Fort St. •
hC^Q| S!"f 9 Gii 738-740 Market St.
Good Advice.
Our advice Is to goto 7.'.nleand's for a nice
little lunch at noon or after the theater. . •
AMUSEMENTS.
ONLY A SMALL LOT OF
Ladies' . Npva Scotia Seal
Button, pointed toes, sizes .1
to 5, medium wide $*'00
Child's Kid Button, Double Ex-
tension Sole, sizes 7 to 71/*..7 1 /*. . 950
sizes 8 to 10H.. 51.10
Ladies' Fine Box Calf. Lace
and Button, wide coin t0e... 51.90
Little Gents' Box Calf Lace.
sizes 9to i3 l A '. .$1.20
A HUGE BILLI
EVERY ACT A HOWLING SUCCESS
ARTHUR NEI-STO..E and MINNIE ABBEY.
HANSON and NELFOX.
ULLE. KMMY and Her Marvelous Foxterrier*.
H«"»r»CEP and LAUNCHMERE.
Th»> BM*t Coon Act In the Country.
FRANK OOFYTK. the Local Tenor.
EUKORE PIPTERS. FRANK LATONA.
CHAS. A. GARDNER. JOHN AND NELLIE
MACARTHY.
Reserved Sea:*. 25c: balcony. 10c; opera chain
•nd 8.-11 Seat*. 50c.
Matlne*s "V\>dw*day. Saturday and Sunday.
lllfMlfMffYl-
(THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
/•rtOJVE SOUTH 770.
ONE WEEK.
TO-NIGHT-SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE RAYS' Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME !
OUR PA '» RONS OF LAST NIGHT ARE STILL
CHUCKLING WITH JOY.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening -'-, ZjC. S^c. 50c and 73c. Matinee, 13c,
2ic. 25c and We.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON, THE EVER
POPULAR
AT - GAY - CONEY - ISLAND.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MON. I'M AT HAME.'*
ANOTHER SUPERB TRIUMPH!!
ENORMOUS SUCCESS
Of rrank Daniels' Comic Or*>ra.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERY EVENING. EVEP.Y EVENING. |
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Avoid th» Crowd. Secure Beat* Early.!
rOPVTLATI PRICES 2S and V) CENTS
TELEPHONE. BUSH ?.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Telephone Main £22.
BRILLIANT VICTORY OF THE NEW COMIC
OPERA.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Delln«er'e Famous Composition,
DON C/ESAR
OF IRUN.
HAILED LAFT NIGHT WITH ENTHUSIASM
BY A CROWDED HOUSE.
PRICES -3«\ OOc. 75c
GALLERIES. I&c and lie.
Good reserved peat In orchestra Baturday
matinee 15 c#nt«=. Branch tick'-t office Em-
porium.
SHERMAN, CLAY & GO. HALL
223 SUTTER STREET.
3— SONG RECITALS— 3
Dy the niustrloui Serrano.
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
—NEXT-
MONDAY EVENING January 22
THURSDAY EVENING January 25
KATLIiDAY MATINEE January 27
PRICES. Jl M and JL
Pee Us en ?a!«* ftt SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S
ML'fc'lC STORE. TO-MORROW MORNING.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION,
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-20. JSOO, Inclusive.
t'.x blgh-claes running rac« every week day.
ram or enine, Iwginnlng at l:*0 p. m.
The Ideal wi'cter racetrack of America. Pa-
trci.« step directly from «h« railroad cam Into
a «ur*rb cranfl stand, glare-enclosed, where
comfortably h^vsed tti bad ner.Uur they c*a
<njry an unO*tructed view of the races.
Train* leave Third and Town»end #treeu at
*:t-5. 16:<0 and 31:30 a. m.. ftnd 12:15. 12:85, I2:M
eni 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after
la*t race «t *:*S p. m. Rear car* reserved for
women aod their oßcorts. No smoking. » alen-
cla ktrcet 16 in'riutea lat*r. - '
San Jo«e and way i-tatlon«. Arrive at San
Bruno at i2m; d. m. Leave 6»n Bruno at *.0a
and 4:C £l. !:i.
Rate*: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, tl 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
V 11. GUEEN. Secretary nnd Manager.
Banquet to Father Casey.
Rev. P. S. Casey, pastor of St. Peter's
Church, was -tendered a banquet last night
at the California Hotel on the eve of hla
departure for Europe. Those who partici
pated were the members of the commit
tees which had charge of the recent recep
tion given the reverend gentleman by his
congregation and a number of prominent
Catholic clergymen of the city. Father
Casey will leave this evening for the East
and Europe.
Just a Sample
We quote below a few prices on
fashionable, seasonable SHOES, broken
lots and odd sizes ! These are but a few
of many good things in store for you at our
Semi-annual
Clearance Sale.
Phrcpo wIH surely rid you of blackheads
Sold by all druggists. •
Federal Grand Jury.
The following named citizens were im
paneled yesterday as- a Federal Grand
Jury in the United States District Court:
Adolph C. Bauer. S. q. Blgelow. H. J.
IJremer, George D. Bunker. C. M. Cole,
Joseph B. Crockett, C. L. Clough. C. F.
Doe. William F. Davis. J. A. Drlnkhouse,
J. H. D. Feldbusch. S. Gump. F. H. Green,
H. G. Goodman. Archibald Lauriston. C.
McColpan, James McHaffle. C. M. Osborn
George W. H. Patterson. William G. Rich
ardson. Henry G. Seyden, T. H. B. Var
ney and William J. Pattosien. The Grand
Jury will meet to-day at 2 p. m.
Weak
Men.
There Is nothing like ELECTRICITY to put
life, vim and vigor Into weak men or women.
Drugs give but temporary relief; act merely as
& stimulant, but Electricity flies to all weak
parts of U<e body, lmoartlng nature* force
thereto aod doing tHe required work surely and
In ¦ permanent manner. If "run down" In
health and »trength you hart better try Elec-
tricity Use an Electric Belt, for that Is th*
bert method of applying It; but be sure you get
a good r,nr while you are about it: In short, try
"Dr. Pierce*.' 1 for It Is guaranteed to be the
be*t Electric Delt on earth.
(CT "Booklet No. 2" free at office or sent by
mn!l for a Ie ttamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market rtreet. SAN FRANCISCO.
tS Tribune Building. NEW YORK.
MAKE PERFECT RfIEK
aHO >OT I) KM* AIK ! lmnotSuf
fer Longer! the joy* and ambition? ol
life can be restored to you. Tlie Tery
n-or»tca*eßof Xcrvoua I>eb!l!t y ore
»b»olutelT cured by PKIIKIXTO
TA HI-ftTS. Gl»e prompt u-lief to In-
comma failing memory and the waste
And drain of vital powers. ln?nrre<i by
SnUUcretion* or excesse* of early years.
Imr>»rt viiror and potency to erery func-
tion. Brae« npthe sy«tcm. Ulve jM*^ bloom to ttx
eh«e£s jLnd tut tre to the eye* nf AHT|"\TounK or ok!
One 53c box renewt Tital energy. Wllifl boxe> r
»:.W>3 compl<-f»i;u»riint»r(lc':fi> TjrtjTTor money r
funded. Can be carried In »e«t > *«5S»' pocUet. Poi
everywhere, or mMlett In plain wrapper on receipt <
prlco by tilt riV.l ttTO CO., I'xitce Mti., Cblrats, I.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
an and in her maiden days had sat as a
subject for Sir Joshua Reynolds in some
of his allegorical pictures.
While Landseer was a youth facilities |
for the study of art were few. Laniseer, j
however, needed such facilities but little.
His Instinct and genius for art were dom
inant and unmistakable from the first.
Landseer was perhaps as precocious an
artist as ever lived. When scarcely more
than an infant he drew animals from life.
At 5 years of age he drew animals from !
life well. At 8 years of age he drew them
so Well that his drawings were engraved
and etched and are now described in the
catalogues of his works. At 12 years of
age he was an exhibitor in the Royal
Academy, the youngest exhibitor that In
stitution has ever had. At 13 years of age
he drew pictures which even his maturest
powers scarcely surpassed. One of these
pictures, a dog. "Old Brutus," It was
called, in 1574 sold for £630 (13150). At 16
years of age a work of his was sold so
well and to such an eminent connoisseur
of the time that at once he became fa
mous. His paintings exhibited in that year
(ISIS) were critically examined by the
most eminent artists of the day and criti
cally described by the most eminent art
writers. He became the fashion; almost
the rage. At 22 he was awarded a pre
mium of £150 (1750) by the British Insti
tution for the Encouragement of Artists.
At 24 he was an A. R. A. and at 28 an R.
A., the very earliest dates, we believe,
that he could be admitted to these honors.
Landseers astonishing success was not
due to instinct and genius alone. In his
early years especially he was such a con
scientious and painstaking student as Ttw
artlsts have been. His one great source
of instruction was nature. His studio
was the open fields, the paddocks, the
parks, the stables, the courtyards, where
horses, cattle, sheep, donkeys. dog 3 and
other animals were best to be found. He
faithfully modeled upon and copied nature
in everything he did. Every pose he gave
to an animai, every expression of passion
or of action, every detail of hide and fur,
of skin, hair and wool, of eyes and teeth,
of hoof and claw, was carefully studied
from the life. Acting upon the sugges
tion of the artist Hayclon. he also studied
anatomy and dissected. Acting also upon
the suggestion and advice of Haydon, he
made a special study of the Elgin marbles,
those wonderful relics of the sculptured
life of Greece when the great Phldlus was
in his prime. Landseer thus became,
with the exception of Hogarth, the first
English artist of outdoor life who based
his art upon fidelity to reality. And he
realized this fidelity by study at first
hand. As Ruskin said: "It was not by
the study of Raphael that Landseer at
tained his eminent success, but by a
healthy love of Scotch terriers."
Sir Edwin Landseer's name is bo Inti
mately associated with the portraiture of
animals that it is scarcely rutfessary to
cay that he was the most enrfnent painter
of animal life that England has known,
and one of the most famous the whole
world has known. There are some rea
sons for this pre-eminence apart from the
artist's surpassing fidelity to nature.
Landseer, like Hogarth, w-as a humorist.
Like Hogarth also he was a story-teller, a
dramatist in art. His pictures, almost
all except his very earliest on«s, always
had some sentiment to express, some in
cident of humor or pathos to narrate.
Like Hogarth, too, but In a very minor
degree Landseer was a satirist. It thus
happens that Landseer's pictures appeal
to the popular taste. The public can ap
preciate them apart from their merit as
works of art. His docs, his horses, hla
deer his sheep, his donkeys, his monkeys,
are almost human in their dramatic char
acterization and expressiveness. He
thus read into their portraitures the pro
clivities and prejudices, the humors and
pasElons, of everyday humanity. And
the artist intends that we shall do this,
and by his Inimitable art enables us to
do so.
There is another element in the parallel
ism of Hogarth and Landseer. Landseer.
like Hogarth, was largely assisted in hl«
fame by the fact that the great public
had opportunity of learning of his art
from engravings and etchings. His father,
as we have said, was an eminent en
graver; his brother Thomas was one of
the most eminent engravers and etchers
of his age. Both of these notable artists
spent much of their time in etching and
engraving for the public copies of their
famous relative's works. Other engravers
and etchers of great reputation were also
proud to bear a part In the reproduction
of hia pictures. It thus turned out that
SIR EDWIN LANDSEER.
from his special genius as an artist. Ha
perhaps of all artists In his time was un
excelled for his manual dexterity, his fa
cility of execution. He was without doubt
the most rapid «rafts«man in his' art of
his age. He turned out finished pictures
in the same space of time that other
artists would have taken for merely
sketching them. He accomplished with
single strokes of a broad brush effects
of detail which other artists would have
had laooriously to work In, as it were, la
pencil strokes. Nor was there. In this
facility of execution, which Increased
with his years, that deterioration of ex
actness in drawing and accuracy In finish
which might have been expected, although
there was some deterioration. Besides, he
possessed one faculty which was abso
lutely unique. He could draw two differ
ent pictures, with his right and left hands.
at once, not alternating the strokes, but
making them with pach hand, naturally in
order, as if the hand? belonged to differ
ent persons. This faculty, so far as we
know, has never been equaled.
In social life Landseer was a great fa
vorite. He was always the lion of the
party he happened to be in. His powers
of mimicry were very great and nothing
ever gave an assembled company more
amusement than when Landseer could be
got to imitate the voice and gestures of
some brother artl?t.
Landseer was not ambitious In the ordi
nary sense of the word. Once when begged
by his fellow-artists to stand for the pres
idency of the Royal Academy, the highest
honor in hist profession, he declined ac
ceptance of the dignity, although hl3 elec
tion would have been certain. But he was
without doubt the most popular and tha
most famous British artist of his day.
and at the Paris Exposition of 1*55 was
honored by a jury of experts with the
great gold medal of the exposition, bein?
the only British artist that was 30 hon
ored.
Landseer has been called the artist dis
coverer of the Scottish Highlands. A
great many of his themes ar«« founded on
Scottish incidents and scenes. When he
was a young man Sir Walter Scott was
one of his most ardent admirers, and It no
doubt is due to Scott that Lnndseer's In
terest m Scottish life and character was
first awitkened. In 1824. when he was In
his twenty-second year. Scott carried him
oft to Abbotsford, where, as the painter
Leslie has told us«. "he made himself very
popular both with the master and mis
tress by painting their doggies for them."
Afterward Scott sent him off with Le3lie
on a tour in the Highlands, and from that
time forward the Highlands were Land
peer's favorite recreation ground and field
of work.
Unlike Scott, however. Landseer was not
a sportsman. This seemed very strange
to those who knew I^andseer only from
his works, for a great many of his pic
tures are concerned with sporting themes.
His interest in the life of the moors and
mountains was wholly that of the artist.
Once when a fine stag came bounding his
way he a«tonished his frillies by excitedly
handine them his gun and saylnar. "Here,
take this quick." Instead of killing tha
noble animal, he made a sketch of It. It
was Just this dominant passion for his art
that made Landseer the great artist h«
was.
Toronto, Canada
"PEGLEG" MINE
IS NOT A MYTH
Evidence That It Exists
in the Bad Lands.
Special Klppatch to The Call
SAN* DIEGO. Jan. 15. — It seems that the
mysterious "Pegleg" mine has not been
entirely given up as a myth, for though
many prospectors have sought to locate
the scene of the fabulous finds and have
failed In the attempt, there are others
who are willing to endure all sorts of
hardship in searching for the mine .of the
eccentric old cripple. Men still believe
that the mine will be re-located, and there
are those who hope to be the successful
searchers, and that at no distant day.
There is a gentleman residing in San
Diego who knew Pegleg Smith and heard
from his lips the story of his discovery.
Silas Gasklil, who lives at the corner of
Sixteenth and F streets, was a neighbor
of Smith at Weberville. after the latter
claimed he had found his mine. Gasklll's
house was not over 100 yards from the
cabin of Pegleg. In the evenings young
Gasklil would go over and listen to his
neighbor's thrilling tales of his expe
riences as a hunter and a trapper.
Pegleg Smith's deformity was not con
fined to an* absent limb. He had an ever
present appetite, which was inordinately
devoted to the fiery liquid. Silas Gaskill
liked to hear the old hunter's tales as well
as the latter liked the lurid liquor, and
was willing to make a fair exchange by
embellishing his visits with a pint bottle
of Hangtown whisky. This amount was
ample to keep his host's highly colored
yarns spinning for one ordinary evening.
On one of Gaskill's visits Pegleg told of
his trip across the desert when he clalmnd
to have found his <mlne. He said he uld
not follow tho regular road from Yuma,
but struck out at an angle directly to
ward Temecula. He had three burros,
and when he reached the hills on the
western edge of the desert, being In need
of water, he concluded to ascend a hill
and take a look over the surroundings
for signs of "burro drink."
In front of him were three hills. He as
cended the middle one, which was high- r
than the other two. On the summit he
halted to see if ho could discover a can
yon that looked as If It had water. The
top of the hill was covered with black
rocks and pebbles. He picked up some of
the pebbles and was astonished at their
weight. They were covered with a black
rustlike coating. He dropped them into
his shot pouch and continued his search
for water. Discovering signs of water In
a canyon, he went hnck to his train and
thought no more about his find.
Rome time after reaching his destina
tion. Smith was cleaning out his shot
pouch and came across the black pebbles
found on the hill. Their weight again
aroused his curiosity. He placed one of
them between his teeth and Dlt off a piece
of the rust and found he hnd a nugget
of almost pure, gold.
Mr. Gasklil vouches for the truth of the
nuggets being in the possession of old
Pegleg. He personally saw and handled
them. He is furthermore satisfied that
.the mysterious mine is a 1a 1 reality, and that
It i 3 "situated somewhere in the "bad
lands," which lie directly on the route
Pegleg must have taken. The reason, he
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Auth'rity, Sends a Trial of His j
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
lime From Work.
To the thousand* upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusse* and In momentary dunser of death from
etrangulatlcn Dr. W. S. Rice, 41S L. Main
street. Adams, N*.
V.. will eend free
rfr f^ \-\Vv nls famous method
¦y I rH Y\ that has saved so
'I I $\ \i' many lives and
If j-^ "^ Vi made co many
H 1 ?* ¦ I ftrong and |*rmn-
\\ ' f&i^i* i "JhSX ;\ / nently cured of old
vV'''a^ME&L *>&.'// r -" a difficult rup-
Ss^|wli»>t "JtOJ/ ture?. Do not b»
/? «^t^v'«^» 'jfe# backward :;bo-it
'SO^?Ps&o.^> WRL writing for the
t *ffiA\Sß%A ¦#?>£ frP ' trSal - v wln
rjttjruf&tlv^ l> & tv cost you nothing
VXS3S/^ ' you to E?e hew
' *Ji *^ carlly you can euro
» r.- , t-w.»- your«Mf In a v<ry
M. X LTMAN. i-h^rt time without
lo*lng an hour from work. Dr. Rice lf> deter-
mined that every eufferlnjr man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore cenercusly send*, pre-
paid by rr.ail, his method, absolutely f«e. and
you ran make a free trial of it. Writ" to-day
without fall, as you cannot afford to mias this
free and trer.crous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lymin, a highly eetP'tned cltlsen
o( Dolray. Fla.. *ays: "The Dr. Hlce method is
a remsrkaW* cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeke there was
no protrusion and I hay* rema!ni»d Joimd and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to ev«ry sufferer." Do not fail to write at once
for the free trial and thus cur* yourself at home
without rnln. danger or detention from the
d«> J » work. Write at once. Commence now
and before the heavy work of spring begins you
will be eur**d pound as a dollar.
Write tc Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 L. Main St.,
Adam*, N. Y. You will never regret having
Uon« so.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jr ' ROW last evening over drinks In
A Charles Joyce's saloon and grocery
/ 1 on Castro and Seventeenth streets
/ I cost Joyce his life and Thomas Dll
"*¦ ¦*¦ lon, a retired police officer, his lib
erty. Joyce died of his wounds on the
operating table in the City and County
Hospital and Dillon, probably fatally
wounded, is under arrest in the Receiv
ing Hospital.
The row started late yesterday after
noon. Dillon had been drinking heavily
and had entered Joyce's saloon about half
past 3 o'clock. Joseph Reedy, Charles Tay
lor, James Downey, Herman Ryforge and
P. Haynes were In the saloon at different
times, and they all say Dillon was drunk
and very quarrelsome. He finally got into
an argument with Joyce over the pay
ment, for a round of drinks. Joyce told
him to drop the matter, to get out and not
to return. One word followed another,
Joyce finally going to the place where
Dillon had left his hat and handing it to
him told him to go. Dillon retorted an
grily and drew a revolver. Joyce jumped
behind the counter and brought his own
weapon to boar, both commencing to
shoot.
In all seven shots were fired. Joyce
went down soon after the first shot. As
he did so he called to Dillon, "For God's
sake, Tom, don't shoot."
- Reedy says Dillon then went up to the
proptrate man and fired at him again.
As Reedy ran up the street in search of a
policeman he heard another shot.
When the police arrived Joyce was
found unconscious, lying behind his coun
ter. Patrolman R. F. Graham took him
to the ambulance at once and hurried him
over to the City and County Hospital,
where he died juat as he was placed on [
the operating table. Joyce was shot twice !
through the abdomen and once through
the arm.
In the meantime Sergeant Shaw and
Patrolman J. A. Fitzgerald hunted up
Dillon, whom they found in a neighboring
saloon. Shaw placed him under arrest
and took him in a buggy to the County
Hospital. ' Dillon was shot once in the
face, the bullet passing through his nose
and lodging In his mouth, whence he
spat it out recovering it and putting it in
his pocket. Another bullet had struck
his head, inflicting a scalp wound. His re
volver had five chambers discharged, and
Joyce's had three, one of which was an
old shot. s'.ii
While the quarrel over drinks was the
direct cause of the shooting, there has
been bad blood between the two men since
September last, when, on complaint of
Joyce. Dillon was haled before the Com
missioners on a charge of drunkenness.
The charges were made by Captain Gillin
upon the report of Sergeant Perrin, but it
was upon information furnished by Joyce
that they were made, and Dillon knew
this. He lives at 4084 Seventeenth street,
close to Joyce's place, and was a frequent
visitor "there. The two men have often
had high words over their differences, but
the ouarrel never assumed anything like
a serious aspect unless Dillon was drUnk,
and even then no one ever suspected it
would en 4 in murder.
Dillon was retired by the old Police
Commission just before it went out of of
fice at the beginning of this year and was
placed on the pension list. He had been
on the force for twenty-one years, and
was known as a good officer, with only
one falling— drink. He was four times be
fore the Commissioners within a year and
a half after his appointment, but since
then he settled down and gave no further
trouble until last September, w.^;
Joyce lived with hi? wife and daughter
over the grocery. Dillon lived Just up the
street. He Is a widower with a son and a
daughter, both grown.
As soon as .Dillon's wound was dressed
at the County Hospital he was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where he could be
keptN under guard. His life hangs on a
slender thread.
thinks, no one has yet been able to find
the mine is that all who have gone in
search of it have looked for the ordi
nary indications of gold, which he is sat
isfied are entirely absent.
Tho description Mr. Gasklll gives of the
location of the mine as given him by
Smith is borne out in every respect by
an Indian who lives at Mesa Grande.
When a boy this Indian was over in the
"bad lands" In company with his father.
They also picket! up some pieces of black
coatt-d metal, which they afterward
learned were nuggets of gold. A few
months ago tho Indian made an attempt
to tlnd the place to which he had been
with his father. He did not find the iden
tical spot, but was in the neighborhood
of it. and brought back a very rich
chunk of ore bearing the black covering.
His description of the spot visited by him
and his father Includes three hills an
swering the description of those told of
by Peg Teg Smith.
RAILROAD CONFERENCE.
Southern Pacific Officials Leave for
Salt Lake City.
The Southern Pacific building will to
day miss the heads of several depart
ments. Julius Kruttschnitt, J. C.
Stubbs. J. A. Fillmore and T. H. Good
man will leave this evening for Salt Lake
City, where they will hold a conference
with rspresentativt-s of the Rock Island,
Denver and Rio Grande, the Rio Grande
Western and the Uurlington routes for the
adjustment of the distribution of time
schedules. .v-
No changes are anticipated in the sched
ule for the arrival and departure of over
land trains in and from this city. The
main object of 'the conference is to ar
range a better distribution of the Central
overland in order, to have a distinctive
Rio Grande overland limited.
DUEL TO THE DEATH
FOR ROUND OF DRINKS
Tom Dillon and Charles Joyce
Blaze Away With Revolvers,
Saloon-Keeper Expires on the Operating
Table, While His Slayer's Life
Hangs on a Slender Thread,
ACTOR DUFFIELD
IS SUED FOR
BACK ALIMONY
His Former Wife Is
After Cash.
»
WANTS NEARLY A THOUSAND
ALLEGES THAT HE FAILED TO
OBEY THE COUET.
Harry S. Duffield of the Frawley com
pany, husband of Miss McAllister of the
same organization, is burdened with the
worry of a tied up salary, garnisheed by
P&ullne Tayleure of the "Topsy Turvy"
company, now playing at Cincinnati i>nd
next billed for Chicago. Pauline Tay
leure is the divorced wife of Duffleld, and
in a complaint filed yesterday in the office
of the County Clerk she prays for judg
ment against him for unpaid alimony In
the sum of $51S.
Miss Tayleure and Mr. Duffield were di
vorced in December of 1593, in the city of
New York, a docroe being entered grant-
Ing the plaintiff, now Miss Tayleure, the
right to marry again and in the same
manner as if Duffleld "was actually dead."
but prohibiting him from marrying again
until the plaintiff was in fact and not In
law dead and gone. Duffield marrle-i
again. however, and the present suit is the
result. Through her attorney, John 11.
Durst, the former Mrs. Duffleld intends to
collect the back alimony.
In a letter received in this city regard-
Ing the litigation the plaintiff says: "As
regards the garnishment of Mr. Duffielii's
salary, no manager will put up with that
long, no matter how valuable the artist
may be. I think we can soon tire h'.m
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900. .
out. I hear from friends that I have been
much misrepresented in the profession on
the coast, so have written Mr. Frawley a
letter. I met a very prominent lady from
the coast, and she tells me that my appli
cation for, alimony will come as a great
shock, as Mr. Duffleld is considered the
pink of propriety. I know it will kill them
socially."
Such is the theory of the plaintiff In
the action, and" to-day the return will be
made showing whether or not the defend
ant has a salary coming. Duffield has re
tained Attorney Ach.
Weekly Call,sl.QO per Year
3 i *
i BSIfJB R & make tlfo J
v r^M&aßß^ vjopth living |
3 Core BiUcss snfl Nervoss DlscrCers. c
A 1O rrntt nnd 25 rents, at drtifi stnron. (y
7TUESDAY. JANUARY 16.
There was a fair business In securities, prin
cipally bonds, on the morning session, but
changes were slight.
Bonds continued in demand on the afternoon
call, but there was a fair business In stocks
as well. Paauhau sold down to $27 50, Hutchln
son to $27 and Gas and Electric to $50 25.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Bank of California, $4 per share for the
quarter; California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, $1 50 i>er share for the quarter; Ne
vada National Bank, $3 50 for the half year;
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, 13 per share lor
the half year; Oakland Gas Company; 25c per
share for the month; Pacific Telephone, 40c ptr
share for the month.
The Paclttc Gas Improvement Company's la«t
dividend was 35c per share, and not 40c as pre
viously.
The annual meeting of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company will be helu on the 23d.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
JIONDAY, Jan. 15—2 p. m .
Bid.A»Jt. Bid.A.HK.
U S Bonds— Cent L& P — 5
is quar coup.. — — Eqult G L Co. 4%
4s quar reg... — 1144 Mutuel L, Co. 134 15
«s quar new... — — OG L & H.V.. — 44
3s quar c0up... 110 1114 Pac Gas Imp.. 45
.UisctrllaneoUS — f&c l.i*-hi \_o. 4u —
Cal-st Cab 55..H54 - SF G & E.... 60U —
C C Water 55.. — 107 Vi San Francisco. 4 —
Kfi L.v v t>*..130 — btockton Gas.. 1* —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 — fc.«uranee—
Geary-st R os. — »5 Flrem's Fund.. 22o 230
H C & S 545.. 113 — Bank 6tocks—
HC & S (>*... .H'tHL — Anrlo-Cal Ltd. « -
L A Ry 55. ...1044— Bank of Ca1. ..400 403
LAI. Co 55.. — — Cal SD & T.. 95 SS
Do pntd 65.. — — First Nat10n1..250 —
Do Kntd Es.. — 103 Lon P & A. ...131 1324
LA& P R C 5.101% — Merchants' Ex - 16
Market-st 65... 1234 — Nev Nat 8k... — m
Do Ist m 55.. 117 1174 Savings Banks—
NGNU X n. — — Ger S L L...1750 —
NR of Cal 65. 112 — Hum S* L. — _
NR of Cal 55.H2% — Mut Say Ilk. 40 —
NPC R R 6s. 100 105 S F Say U... 503 —
N P C R R 55.105%1(/64 Say & L 80. — —
NU H U 1>5...1i» — Sec Say Bk. — —
OG L & H 55. 108 110 Union I Co. — .—
Oak Tran 65... — 113 Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 58..103 106' i California 1174120
Oceanic S3 C 0.1034. 1034 — f^ary-st fx —
Om CRy 65. ..1274 — Market-st Ry 61% 62
P&CI Ry 65. .105 106 oa L. St. H — m •
Pk &O Ky ts. — — Presidio 174 Z5
Powell-st R 6s — 121 Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&Ros — 100 California .....160 175
SF& N P 55.113U113% X Dynamite... « —
SF &. SJV 55. 115% — Giant Con Co.. 93 95
t> Ky of Cal b5.10?4109 Vlgorit 2% —
5 P of A 65.... 110 111 Susar Slocks—
BPC baU.iu.iMu'i Uo Hana P C 0.... 74 —
6P C 66(1906). H1 — Haw C&S Co 87% 874
8P C 65(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 314 32
SPCIs eg 6s. — — Hutch S P Co. 27 274
S P Br 6s 124%123% Kilauea S Co.. 234 30
S V Wat 63.... 114% — Makawell SCo 434 44
S V Wat 45.... — 103% Onomea S Co.. 27% rt
S V W45(3dm).1014 — Paauhau S Co. 274 2S
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105 Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. ll9 120
Contra Costa.. 73% — Mem .Assu.. - l««.
Marln County. £.0 . — Oceanic S Co.. 024 92%
Spring Valley.. 95 95% Pac A f A.... 1* **
«ias & i.leciric— Pac C Bor C 0..146. .146 —
Cent Gas C 0... - - 'Par Paint Co.. SH —
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 87 50
15 Honokaa S Co 31 75
10 Markct-st Railway 61 75
30 Oceanic S 8 Co 92 73
20 Paauhau S P Co 28 00
400 S F Gaslight Co 4 00
75 S V Water 95 00
$1000 Market-bt Railway Ist con 5 per ct..H7 25
$1000 Oakland Transit Co, 6 per cent 112 00
Street—
$3000 Haw C & S Co, 5 per cent 106 50
$2000 N P C R 5 per cent bonds 106 00
$6000 rt I" of A bonds 110 50
Afternoon Session,
Board—
5 Contra Costa Water 74 00
85 Market-st Railway 6175
20 Oceanic S S Co 92 75
10 Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
35 Paauhau S P Co 28 00
10 Paauhau 8 Co 27 874
50 Paauhau S Co, s 60 27 50
10 Paauhau S P Co. cash 27 624
5 Pac Gas Imp 46 50
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 62%
120 S F Gaii & Electric Co 60 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 23
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 374
800 S F Gaslight Co.. 4 00
65 S V Water 95 00
IS V Water 94 75
2 S ¦ V Water 94 874
CSV Water 95 124
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5.... 104 75
JSOOO Market-st Ry 6 per cent bonds 126 50
$7OOO Oceanic S S bonds 103 50
$7000 Omnibus Cable bonds 127 50
$3000 Park & Cliff House 6 per cent bd5.,105 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds, 2d mortgage.. 103 73
$70CO S V 6 per cent bonds ..114 75
Street—
15 Hutchlnson S P Co. 27 00
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds' 103 60
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning* Session.
Board— " .
20 Contra Coeta Water .' 73 874
20 Giant Powder 94 75
35 Giant Powder '.... 95 00
100 Hana Plantation 775
50 Hutchlnson Sugar 27 SO
35 Hutchlnson Sugar 27 374
BOS F Gas & Electric 50 50
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers .'...;...¦. 119 75
200 Equitable Gas 500
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. 15.— Except where a stock
»-as under the influence of particular causes,
the market to-day v.-as almost at a standstill.
No outside intereFt vu manifested, and oper
ations were entirely in the nature of profes
eional and room traders. Individual causes
¦which affected special stocks were for the most
part depressing ones, and the sympathy with
the general market was toward lower prices.
The most conspicuous movement in the day was
Metropolitan Street Railway stock, which was
affected by the published discussion of the con
dition of a prominent trust company. This pub
lication served to explain laet week's depres
sion in Metre politan and a croup of Indus
trlalf. and served also to renew It. Metropol
itan. Brooklyn Transit and the Tobacco
clocks were ail affected. Metropolitan fell
en extreme 6^». Announcement of the bid
ders for the New York Rapid Transit tunnel
contract rallied the stock slightly above last
night's level, on the belief that Metropolitan
Interests were concerned in the bidding. An
example of the kind of motives that influenced
trading vres assigned for the buying of Sugar.
One of the large selling orders came from a
brokerage hou«e which handles money loans for
the American Sugar Company. The traders ar
»¦•••*. that open tilling by insiders indicated a
desire to induce selling by others, upon which
eaj>ient conclusion they bought Sugar.
London reemed to take a cheerful view of the
military developments in South Africa, but very
little effect was noticeable in this market. Re
ports of a strike depressed American Steel and
V ire and some other metal stocks by eyyil»athy.
The money market continued to work easier un
der the influence of continued gains from the
interior and from the Sub-Treasury- Time
xnoney was readily obtainable at 5 per cent on
call. The Sncrease in the supply of loanable
funds seems to offer na incitement to the spec
ulation. Last week's sales were 2.684,075 shares.
In the corresponding week of last year there
v• '- sold (.455.034 Hhares. Last week's sales
of railroad bonde were on a par value of $5,563.
(••o. In the corresjxmdir.g week of last year
they were of a par value of $32,343,000. But. as
It is aptly observed, eacy money does not neces
sarily mear. easy borrowing. Money lenders
and capitalists, an well as speculators. Buffered
from the collapse in values In the December
•mash, and there are many securities upon
*hlch no loans c«n be negotiated.
The prevalent dullness of speculation may be
attributed to that wisdom which even the burnt
child is proverbially said to obtain by experi
ence.
There were some heavy individual transac
tions in bonds, and the market was firm; but
there were sufficient declines to give It an ir
retrular ai-r>ea ranee. Total «ales. par value,
11.611.000. United States 5s registered and 4s
registered SLdvunrrd 4 in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares . Closing
250 Atchlson '. 19%
9.710 Atchison prefd 59%
li.olo Baltimore & Ohio 684
100 Canadian Pacific 924
''anada Southern 49
CS Chesaj>eake & Ohio 29%
1.4)00 Chicago Great Western 12%
fc.150 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12C%
46C Chicago Jnd & Louisville 15
Chicago I nil & Louisville prefd 474
» Chicago & East Illinois S3
JOO Chicago & Northwestern 1594
I.SOQ Chlcapo. Itook Island and Pacific.. lOT.%
SOO C C C 4 Rt Louis 604
2 f Kt Colorado Southern ' 6%
£."!•» rvilorado Southern Ist prefd 42%
170 Colorado Southern 2d prafd 144
120 Delaware & Hudson 111%
IUO I>el I^ack & Western 175
I>env«T & R G 17U
100 Denver & R O prefd 6S
» Erie iiti
200 Erie lFt prefd '.'..'.'.. 32
....... Great Northern prefd 167
110 Hocking Coal 144
XOO Hooking Valley jiu
, Illinois Central :1114
....... lowa Central \ jl?4
....... lowa Cjntra! prefd [[ 4s'
....... Kansas City Pitts & Gulf gu
....... Lake Erie £.- Western 22V
L F. £z Western j.refd gj
Lake Shore 194
8.240 Louisville & Naehville tj«
1,010 Manhattan L 92
2,0*7 Metropolitan Street Railway 164
860 Mexican Central ..' 10%
100 Minn & Ft Louis 68^*
Minn & St Louis prefd ;v»
J. 170 Missouri Pacific 33^4
100 Mobile & Ohio a^
....... Missouri Kansas A Texas »^
....... Missouri Kansas £c Texas prefd.... S2
» New Jersey Central lit
*-460 Sietr York Central ...12;%
THE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 15.— Liquidation ruled in the
wheat pit throughout a session which brought
nothing but gloom for such bull hopes as may
have survived recent reverses. There was not
much demand for puts. Throughout there was
selling of long wheat and of lesser lines, not
large In volume, but too heavy for the invalid
market. Trading was dull and the tone heavy
as lead. The early news showed a decline at
Liverpool, an Increase In world's shipments
and in the amount on passage. May wheat
thus influenced opened %c to 4c under Satur
day, at 67>ifj67*ic. This was the high point for
the day. The close waa at the bottom. May lc
under Saturday, at 66% c, later news being as
bearish In tone aa that received earlier. Re
ceipts were larKe and clearances good.
Sympathy with wheat combined with heavy
receipts resulted In a heavy loss in corn. May
close<l 4c to 14c down.
In oats the feeling was easier, the volume of
business small and the demand scattered. May
closed 4c deuresped. at 23T»c.
The provision market, after exhibiting some
tendency to weaken, turned strong and closed
firm at an advance. The demand was good,
some of It from exporting people, and holders
were chary about selling at reduced figures,
in consequence of which the market held
steady. Late In the session an influential con
cern purchased 150.000 tierces of lard. On the
strength of this the whole list went up. May
pork closed 74c to 10c over Saturday. May lard
74c up and May ribs 24c to 5c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 53% (3% 634 63H
May 67% «7% 66% 66%
July r... ¦ 67% 67% 67% i 674
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 30% 3<>% 30% 30%
May 33% 33% 334 33%
July 34 34 33% 34
Oats No. 2—
January 22*4 22Vi 22>i 22U
May 24 24 234 23%
Mers Pork, per barrel-
January 10 73 10 90 10 75 10 90
May 1105 U 174 10 974 11124
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January .... .... 8 05
May 6 10 6 15 6 05 6 15
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .... .... 6 SO
May 5 85 6 90 5 80 6 90
Chicago Grain Market.
Charters.
Tfce- Antofogasta ioafis lumber on the Sound
for Valparaiso; Dominion, lumber at Taeoma
for Sydney: Fred E. Sander, lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
The Tillle E. Starbuck has been laid on the
berth for Honolulu.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings laet week were 117.593,
43. against 515,268,360 for the same week last
year.
Overland Shipments of Treasure.
Shipments of treasure overland from Ban
Francisco in 1599 were as follows:
Gold coin IMW-f"
Silver coin »-gJ
• •urrenoy and bonds iSm
ooia du^t «-^p
Gold bullion •"•___
._ . . $2,945, 1>43
FOREI K G X ' FUTURES ' \7 ".7.V.". .*.
Weather Report,
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 15, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared w ith those of the same date
lart eeason. and rainfalls In last twenty-four
! Last This Last
Sta.tinr.s- 2* Hours. Season. Season.
Tureka 0.10 33.02 16.10
rm muff «« »¦« *m
Sacramento f.14 JJ-f» I'}
Pan Francisco Trace 14.38 .«
Fresno 0.00 6.10 3. 50
Independence 0.00 2.08 I.l*
ban Luis Obispo.... 0.00 12.41 6.87
L.,s Angles 0.00 4.57 2.94
*an Wego 0.00 2.60 343
Vuma . 0-00 0« 133
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
B; minimum. 46; mean, 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The pressure has ber-n to fall along the
Oregon and Washington coast. During the past
twenty -'i;ur hours there has been a fall of
more than two-tenths of an inch over North
western Washington and Vancouver Island.
The temperature has risen flowly over Cen
tral and Northern California. Nevada and Ore
gon. In the great valleys the temperatures are
above the normal, except where low tule fog
prevails. j , ...
The weather is generally cloudy west of the
Rocky Mountains.
Rain has fallen in Northern California and
northward to the international boundary-
Forecast made at ?an Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, Januar'- 16. 1800:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday, prob
fcMy lieht rain; warmer In the San Joaquia
Valley: fresh southeasteriy winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, prob
*Hy uhuwers; light northerly wind.
Nevada.— Cloudy Tuesday, probably light rain
in extreme northwestern portion.
I'tah— Cloudy Tuesday.
t Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
probably light rain; westerly* winds, changing
to toutheatterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
1.260 Norfolk & Western 23« i
630 Norfolk & Western prefd 6S\
1.550 Northern Pacific 51H
Northern Pacific prefd 734
2,600 Ontario & Western 214
Oregon Hallway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
1.541 Pennsylvania 129U
100 Reading 17
2,340. Reading Ist prefd 4» T i
300 Reading 2d jirefd 2«
Klo Grande Western 39
Rio Grande Western prefd fcO
100 St Louis & San Francisco 9
St Louis & S F Ist urefd 6S
4f>o St Louis &SF2d prefd 324
150 St Louis Southwestern 10
100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 24%
4.350 St Paul 116%
St Paul prefd 17U
.... . St Paul & Omaha 112
13.510 Southern Pacific 37>4
1.600 Southern Railway 1%
I.SSS Southern Railway prefd 53^
900 Texas & Pacific 15
1.950 Union Pacific 46
1.760 Union Pacific prefd 74»i
30i) Waba«h 7H
700 Wabash prefd 26»*
800 Wheeling & L E »
100 Wheeling & L E prefd 27
Wisconsin Central 17* i
A&.^.^r.'rr. m
American 142
United States 454
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
1,700 American Cotton Oil 32' i
American Cotton Oil prefd 92
American Malting 6'i
American Malting prefd 2S
600 Am Smelting & Refining 374
100 Am Smelting & Refining prefd i>7
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 41
American Pteel Hoor> prefd 81 !
U.t45 American Steel & Wire 4«H
650 American Steel & Wire prefd k<4
1.655 American Tin Plate 2S*s
American Tin Plate prefd 81 j
23,740 American Tobacco, ex dividend 66%
American Tobacco srefd. ex div 113 !
SlO Anaconda Mining Co 35%
36.6<«S Brooklyn Rapid Transit 67 T »
ISO Colorado Fuel & Iron S*2 7 i I
3,100 Continental Tobacco 314
*00 Continental Tobacco prefd M
ll.tn Federal Steel 50
J34 Federal Steel prefd 73
400 General Electric 124
Glucose Sugar 50
Glucose Surar prefd 96
350 International Paper 23 j
100 International Paper prefd 664
Laclede Gas 79 |
100 National Biscuit 36
National Biscuit prefd 89
National Lead 2««;
National Lead prefd 1044
6<W National Steel 414
120 National Steel preM S2
New York Air Brake 134
300 North American 14
Pacific Coast 50
Pacific Coa*t Ist prefd .- S2
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
I.SIO Pacific Mail 431;
3,710 People's Gas 103
830 Pressed Steel Car TA
Pressed Steel Car prefd S6
Pullman Palace Car IS7
200 Standard Rope & Twine 9%L
69.150 Sugar 116 V*
Supar prefd :....11l
1.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron S2=-4
S.f.'O United States Leather 164
223 United States Leather prefd 744
100 United States Rubber 404
2W) United States Rubber prefd 102
178 Western Union 554
1,275 Republic Iron St Steel 19%
Republic Iron * Steel prefd 65
P C C & St Louis 77H
340,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ?s reg 1024! N J Cen gen 55. ..1174
do 3s ITOVNo Carolina 6s ...127
do coup 110'« do 4s io«
do new 4s reg 132% INo Pac lsts 110
do coup 133%! <Jo 2% 66
do old 4s reg 114%] do 4s ICJVi
do coup 114 Vi N V C & St L 4«.104
do la reg 112 jNorf & W con 4s. 92%
do coup 113 1 4 i do ten 6s 1234
Dls of Col 3.C55...119 iOr Nay lsts 110
Atchl»on gen 4s .. 85%, do 4s ioiu
do adj 4s 794;0r 8 Line Cs 1294
Can So 2ds 107'tl do con E* 1104
Ches & Ohio 445.. 964, Reading gen 4s ... SJ%
do 5s 11S%;R O W 1«s 95
C & N W con 75.. 138 St L & I M con 55. 103%
do S F deb 3s....llSi;iSt L & S F gen 6s 120
Chi Term 4s 95 St Paul cons 166
D & R G lsts 1024;5t PCI Pac lsts. llB4
do 4b 9741 do 5« HSU
E T Va & Ga lsts.lol4:So Ry 5k 1O6\!
Erie gen 4s 6«4;S Rope & T 65.. . 804
Ft W & D C lsts.. 72 ITenn new eet 3s .. 944
Gen Elec 5s 117 Tex & Pac lsts... ill
G II &S A 6s 108 I do 2rts 54
do Ids JO5 Union Pac 4s 102 r i
H & T C 5s 110 Wabaoh lsts 1144
do con 6s 110 do 2ds no
lowa Cen lrts 105 iWest Shore 4s .. 112 Vi
X C P & G lets... €S jWls Cen lsts 534
Ia new con 4s 1064' Va cent 84
L & Nash unl 45.. 97V4J do deferred .. 5
M X & T Mi 67'*|Colo * So 4s ;....." (4
do 4« W%iSo Pac 4s gi»:
N V Cen lsts ....103 ' '*
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22! Ontario 7 ?i
Crown Point OS Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth 08
Dead wood 1 sfi Quicksilver 1 60
Gould &. Curry IS| ' do prefd 8 00
Hale & Norcross .. 35'Slerra Nevada 40
Homertake 30 00 Standard '" 2 6<>
Iron Sliver 60 Union Con 23
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Westlnghouse Elec. 14»i
Call loans s<g«!\Vls Central....... 17V
Time loans s'u6 Dominion Coal 434
Stocks— Dom Coal prefd....llsV»
AT& H F 19H Mining Shares-
A T & S F prefd.. 6SH Adventure $
American Sugar.. ..lKVi'Allouex Mining Co. 3
Am Sugar prefd. ...HlViiAtlantlc 244
Hell Telephone 332 Boston & Montana 210
Borton & AH>any..24l Butte & Boston... 45
Boston Elevated.... 95 Calumet & Hecla. 740
Boston & Maine 200 Centennial .. 17
C B & Q KOHiFranklln !"' 14
General Electric 123 Humboldt 1
Gen Elec prefd 136 Osceola 70
Fed Steel prefd.... 724 Parrot " 40
Mexican Central... 104'Qulncy 145
Mich Telephone 100 Santa Fe Copper..'. 54
Old Colony 202 Tamarack 185
Did. Dominion 20 Wlnona 44
Union Pacific 4C Wolverines 40
Union Lan 4 3 Utah 27*4
West End..:.*. «2Vi
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Close— Money on call,
steady, at JV4®5 per cent; prime mercantile
paper. E%©6 per cent. Sterling exchange firm,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 66%
for demand and at $4 83VQ4 84 for sixty days-
Ported rates, $4 844 and $4 87HQ4 88; commer
cial bills. $4 824. Silver certificates, 68H65»He
bar silver. E9Hc; Mexican dollars. 47% c. Gov
ernment bonds ctronr; State bonds Inactive
railroad bonds irrerular. *
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $253, 433, 821; gold reserve
$220,101,788.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's ixindon financial cablegram «ays:
The news from the Transvaal this morning
caused the cheerful opening, bear covering and
some timid buying. - However, In the absence
of Important developments, business remained
slack. Consols recovered to par. London
bought Americans on a small 'scale, but New
York isales, accompanied by rumors of a trust
company failure, caused a weak close. The
bank bought £744.000 gold In eagles and lost
£50.000. Money was a drag, calls being down
to 1 per cent during part of the day.
CLOSING
LONDON" Jan. 15.— Bar silver closed firmer
at 27ftd. ; Canadian Pacific, 95%; Union Pacific
preferred, ¦ 7«H ; Northern Pacific preferred, 75% ;
20 Giant Powder 95 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial 87 00
100 Paauhau Sugar Co, s 30 27 50
250 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
230 Barker Ranch 1 15
100 Century Oil Co 123
400 Century Oil Co 1 20
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 25
Street
100 Anaconda Oil Co 85
Afternoon Session.
Board—
ICO Anaconda Oil Co 1 90
100 Anaconda Oil Co 80
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning- Session.
Board— ;*
100 Burlington 1 00
100 Burlington 1 05
800 Dominion 40
1100 Dominion 45
50 Home Oil . 4 10
230 National 6 75
200 San Luis 5 37U
Afternoon Session.
500 Dom#Hon .• '. 40
SOO Dominion 45 .
100 Home Oil '. " " 4 10
50 Home Oil, b 5 4 10
100 National 6 tZ^
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
]WC° n Cal & V*.143! 300 Ophir 71
?MXf eXCan r3 i 300 Utah 04
200 Mexican 33]
Afternoon Session.
;™ Caledonia 48 1 100 Ophir 69
400 Gould & Curry 22 100 Potosl 18
200 Gould & Curry 23 1 200 Sierra Nevada.. 44
im xt"" 06 W 200 Union Con ... . M
300 Mexican 331
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
£.xcnange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
f°° A . nd «»"- 10! 400 Mexican 33
K^ ™ St n & Belcller » 200 Ophir 63
f£°. Chollar tf 100 Ophir 70
«2 £ On Cal &VA <-"* *°° Potosi ••••• 27
?^ C f° n , Cal & XsLllz 500 Savage IS
100 Mexican zz\
Afternoon Session.
?C0 Andes 09, 100 Ophir 63
JOO Con Cal & V.147H 300 Ophir 6S
i°oC*on Cal & Va.i 45^ 200 Potosl 27
MOOpnlr* *° rCrB 't\ 20g Sava « e »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 14—4 p. m.
? . Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Al Pha — 04 Kentuck — 02
Alt a 02 04 Lady Wash ... 02 —
And<? s 09 10 Mexican 31 32
Jelcher 10 n Occidental 17 20
Best.& Belcher 22 23 Ophir 69 70
Bullion 04 05 Overman 0« 07
Caledonia 49 50 Potosl 27 ti
Chollar 2« 28 Savage 18 13
Challenge 18 20 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 60 63 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Cal & Va.l 45 150 Sierra Nevada. 43 44
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill 03 03
Con New York — 04 St Louis — 07
Crown Point... 10 H ; Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 02 ' Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry 23 24: Union Con .... 27 23
Hale 4 Norcrs 33 40 Utah 03 04
Juli* — (i 2 Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
Justice 02 04
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Susan • Donohoe or Donahoe to John Meier
dlerks, lot on S line of Pine street. 152:6 E of
Polk. E 50 by S 120: $10.
Bridget Nolan to Winifred A. Rimlinger (wife
of Joseph). Nellie F. Miller (wife of Joseph B.).
Mary A. Glynn (wife of Thomas) and Sarah J.
Kelly (wife of Joseph A.), lot on N line of
Grove Btreet, 16J:9 W of Van Ness avenue. W
27:6 by N 120; also lot on S line of Fulton
street, 109:9 W of Van Ness avenue, W 27:6 by
S So, reserving life estate; $10.
Louis Friedlander to T. Philip O'Brien, lot
on N line of Fulton street. 95 W of Webster.
W 20 by N SO; $10.
John H. and Theresa Brunlngs to Robert G.
Hooker, lot on NW corner of Vallejo and
Fillmcre streets. W 23:6, N 96. W 54. N 4. E
83:6, S 10); $10.
Robert G. Hooker to Alice G. B. Gartenlaub
(wife of A.), lot on NW corner of Vallejo and
Flllmore streets, W 23:6 by N 96; also undi
vided sixth of lot on W line of Flllmore street,
56 N of Vallejo. N 4 by W 53:6: $10.
Winifred A. and Joseph Rimlinger, Mary A.
and Thomas Glynn, Sarah J. and Joseph A.
Kelly and Nellie F. and Joseph B. Miller to
Bridget Nolan, lot on W line of Sanchez street.
91:6 N of Seventeenth. N 25 by W 100; also lot
on NW line of McLea court. S3 NE of Ninth,
NE 27 by NW 75; also lot on N line of -Grove
street, 164:9 W* of Van Ness avenue. W 27:6
by N 120; also lot on NW line of Clementina
street. 197:6 NE of Sixth. NE 57:6 by NW 70;
also lot on S line of Fulton street. 109:9 W of
Van Ness avenue, W 27:6 by S 120; all real and
personal property described In decree of distri
bution of estate of Martin Nolan, recorded
January 3, 1900 (see Abstract 2612); $10.
Bridget Nolan to Thomas F. and Mary A.
Glynn, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 91:6 N
of Seventeenth. N 25 by W 100; $10.
John D. and Ellen C. O'Brien to Eliza C.
Byrnes, lot on W line of Bartlett street. 120
N of Twenty-third. N 40 by W 125; $10.
Elliott U. Davis to Timothy Clancy, lot on
S line of Vallejo street. 157:6 E of Taylor. E
19:6. S 70:5*;. W 13:5, N 69:1*: $10.
Martin Petterson and William Lange Jr. (by
E. J. Burkhardt. commissioner) to Adolph C.
Weber, lot on N line of Pacific street. 43:6 W
of Hyde. W 23 by N 57:6; $2325.
Sharon Estate Company (a corporation) to
Henry E. Bothin. lot on SE line of Tehama
street, SO NE of Third. NE 25 by SE 80; $2300.
Robert Hess to Verena Hess (wife), lot on
SE corner of Eighth and Point Lobos avenues.
E 2G:B by S 100; $10.
R. W. and Mary E. Tanslll to T. J. Ryan,
lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue. 200 S of
C street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
T. J. Ryan to Albert Sturzlnger. same: $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to H. J. Goethe, lot
on E line of Forty-seventh avenue, 175 N of
J street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
William B. and Mnrla A. Waldron to Wil
liam A. Matheson. lots 9 and 11, block 42, City
Land Association; $10.
Alameda County.
John K. McGregor to Hattle H. Davis, lot on
W lip" of Oak street, 50 N of Fifth. N 20 by W
73, being the S 20 feet of lot 20. block 128. Oak
land: $10.
Hattle H. Davis to Henry Wiener, same, Oak
land; $10.
John W. and Mary B. Brazelton. C. M. Se
horn and Jacob Blum (by F. D. Adams, com
missioner) to Union Savings Bank, lot begin
ning at a point 391 W from W line of Telegraph
avenue and 120 S from S line of Hobart or
Twenty-first street, W 37:6. S 100 E 37:6. N 99:1
to beginning. Oakland ; $2604.
William M. and Ella Evans and Lizzie Miller
(wife of Don F.) to Joha H. Dleckmann, lot 31,
block C. Gaskill Tract. Oakland: $10.
Charles W. liolles. Katie and Stella Nicholas
and Annie Mllcovlch (by W. S. Harlow, com
missioner) to Victoria Townley (administratrix
of estate, of Edward Townley. deceased), lot on
N line of Walton or Thirty-fifth street. 363 W
of Telegraph avenue. W 32 by N 120, being por
tion of lots 29 and 30, Brown Tract, Oakland
sl9l6.
Edward T. Henshaw to May R. Henshaw, lots
21 22 and W 50 feet of lot 23. block 594, Reed
Tract. Oakland; also lots 14 and 16 of plat 10
Hitchcock Tract. Oakland: gift.
W. J. and Cassandra Adams to San Francisco
Lumber Company (a corporation), lot 5, block
B, Armes Tract, Oakland; $10.
R. M. and H. K. Murray to same, same quit
claim deed. Oakland ; $4000.
Thomas and Margaret J. Morffew to Christo
pher A. Mulvcy, lot 26, block 4SO. Adeline and
Market-street Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Annie Donaldson to Phineas Sprague, lot on
W corner of Pearl street and Oakland avenue
NW 44. SW 107.75. SE 44.67. NE 100 to begin
ning, being lot 3, block F, Flint Tract, Map 3
Oakland; $10.
W. D. and Evalyn V. Huntlngton to Elenor
Hope (wife of John W.). lot beginning at a
point on NE line of a 30-foot right of way
alons 1 SW boundary line of lot 9. lands of
Brooklyn % Land Company, distant 2SO from SE
line of High street, thence NE 251.82. SE to
NW line of right of way of California Railway
thence SW to NE line of said right of way.
thence NW to beginning, being portion, of lot
9 on map of lands of Brooklyn Land Company
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables _ 4 BS%
New York Exchange, sight — 12V»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — E9H
Mexican Dollars ? — " «>,
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— StiII lower prices rule, both on and
off call. '
Liverpool declined on an unexpected increase
of 1,000,000 bushels In the supply on passage
and to pressure of La Plata Wheat. Chicago
was lower in sympathy, with holders realizing
freely. The only demand was to fill shorts
and the market was without support.
p S. t w Wheat ~ Shlppln^. 95®97Vie; milling, 98%e
®$1 01 \i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May— lo.ooo
ctls, $1 OOVi; 2.000, $1 00%: 32.000, $1 00%.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $100%; 6000,
$1 OO^g.
Regular Morning Session — December— lo.ooo
"I». fj^f: COOO. 1104%; May-20,000, $1 00*;
4UUU, 51 W%.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, $1 04%;
»*. i 1i 1 , 04^ May-2000. $100%.
UARLEl— Futures were yower. but the spot
market was unehanced.
Of the 5000 ton 3 to be shipped to Europe via
New Orleans some 2200 tons will go from Mon
terey County.
Feed. 72Mj®75c for No. 1 and 60®70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 803874 c;
Chevalier, nominal. ---'?
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock-Ofo sales.
Becond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
G3Hc
Afternoon Eession— No sales.
OATS— The market continues dull at the old
quotations. White, $1 10®l 30; Red. $1 07^51 30;
Gray. UO7V4®II"H: Black. 97«-4c®sl 07V4.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 93c@
$1 fiVi per ctl and Kastern Yellow at $1 050
1 10; mixed, 97'^c®$l 02^.
RYE— sl©l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25Q3 40 for bakers' and $2 25®3 for superfine!
MILLS! UFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour'
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal'
$2 60; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour. $4®4 25»- Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Roiled Oati
(barrels), $6® 7 25; in sacks, $5 75®7; Pearl Bar
ley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran rules firm at the recent advance, with
lighter offerings. Hay is weak under lareer
arrivals. Prices for all descriptions remain
unchanged.
BRAN— $l3@l4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *I7<32O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $H®l7 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26j?27; Jobbing. $27 50
®28; Cocoanut Cake, $20(521; Cornmeal $23024-
Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Mixed F.-ed, $15 50 :
Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 &o<£fh 50 for common to good
and $9®9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7®3-
Oat, $6 60® S; Barley. $5®6 50; Alfalfa, $s® B per
ton; Compressed. $7®lo per ton.
STRAW— 2S® SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a firm market for
Beans, with a good demand for the East.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 23@3 50; small White. $2 90
@3: large White, $2 CO® 2 65; Pinks, ?2jJ2 70-
Reds. $3 2503 50; Blackeye. $4 25® 4 50; Butters
nominal; Lima. $4 93®5 10; Pea, $3® 3 25; Red
Kidneys, J4®4 C 5.
SEEDS— /.rown Mustard. 3t?3«4c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4®4Hc: Flax, $2 12H: Canary. 3Hc per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7#Bc;
Rape. 2%®3e; Hemp, 4®4Hc; Timothy. 4®4Vic.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 50®l SO; Green, $1 ,0
®2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were excessive, amount
ing to 23.151 sacks, of which 13,699 were from
Oregon. There were also 1167 sacks of Onions
from the latter source. In consequence of these
free receipts the market was weaker all around
and the tendency in Potatoes was decidedly
downward.
Vegetables were weaker. Left-over stock
went at the Inside quotations.
POTATOES— EarIy- Rose, S5S9Oc; River Reds,
65@75c; Burbanks. 60!gS5c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks. $I®l 25; Oregon Burbanks, Ssc®sl 20;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 s<vgi 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 23@1 63 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l®3c per lb;
String Beans. 2®6c; Cabbage, 40ji^0c; Los An
geles Tomatoes. 73c(g$l 25; Epg Plant from Los
Angeles. 10®12'/4c; Dried Okra, 12Hc per lb;
Garlic, 5V4(&6Vic; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, 4S5c; Dried Peppers, SttlOc; Carrots, 30®
40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c
<gsl per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10® 12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern are at hand. The few
dressed Turkeys on the market were neglected.
There was no particular change in Gam*.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12% c for Gobblers
and 12% c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, nominal;
Geese, per pair, $1 75®2; Goslings, $1 75
®2; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4®5 for young-
Hens, $4&5: Young Roosters, $4 50®5; Old
Roosters, $4@4 60: Fryers, $4 50®5; Broilers $4
©4 60 for large nnd $3(&'3 50 for small: Pigeons
$1 25®1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. Jl 23@1 50; Mallard. $435 50-
Canvasback, $4<i?o 50; Sprig, $3 50® 4; T ea j'
$2 25@2 50; Widgeon, $2 50; Small Duck, $1 75@2 :
Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare, $I®l 25; Rab
bits, $1 75; Gray Geese, $3 50; White. $1 50-
Brant, $1 75«i2 50; Honkers, $5; English Snipe
$2 60@3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is weak and prices are again shaded.
Stocks are free.
Eggs were considerably at sea yesterday.
While a few sold as ..Igh as 27% c, it was in a
umall way, and close buyers had no difficulty
in getting an they wanted at 25c.
There was no change in Cheese.
HUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 25c; seconds, 23®
24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 21c; good to choice, 19®20c;
common, IWJITnc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12c; old, HHc;
Young America. 12^<&13c; Kastern, liHQloc;
Wei-tern. 13%Q15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20@22'^c for store and 25®
26c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, 18@i2c for firsts and 15c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Orange auction did not begin yesterday,
but will be held to-morrow. Arrivals of ihls
fruit were rather larger, but prices were main
tained. Lemons, Limes and Apples were un
changed. - •• : '
L>fc.<JIDUOUS FRUIT&—
¦ Apples— 3s@Ssc per box for common, 73c©$l
for cood. II 25®1 60 for choice.-
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, ,s4@7; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 ncr box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 75@2 60
per box: Seedlings. suc'usl: Japanese Man
darins, $1 50; Pomelos, $I@3; Lemons. $I@l 50
for common and $2@3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $4 Jo®s; California Limes, 25@35c;
Bananas, $1 Eo@4 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50®
4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, In sacks, 4V40 for
40-50's, 404' Ac for 60-60's. 3V4c for, 60-70's. 3Vie
for 70-80*8. 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100' s.
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12V4®16c for Moor
parks and 12Q>14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6^@
6c for Standards. 6%@65ic for choice and 7«»8c
for fancy; peeled Peaches, l2Vi@lsc; Evaporated
Apples. 6%«7V4c; Sun-dried. &fco%c per ib; Nec
tarines, 8U»c: Pears, 6@7»ie for quarters and
B©loc for nalves: Black Figs, 2H@3V4c; White
Figs. 4@sc; Bleached Plums. B©9c; Unbleached
Plume, 7®7%c for pitted and l«*c .for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, So; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib, BV4c: choice, 7Ke; standard. 6V4c:
prime, Cc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6Vjc;
8-crown. 6^4c: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 t0; Imperial. $3. AH
prices are f. . o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8®10c; Walnuts, 809 c for
SUver a fraction higher. No change in Exchange.
Wheat lower and Barley futures off again.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran firm and Hay weak.
Beans quoted firm, with an Eastern demand.
Excessive arrivals of Potatoes.
Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Butter and Eggs lower and weak. No change in Cheese.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry at hand. Game steady.
Fresh Fruits as previously quoted.
Provisions in good demand and unchanged.
Hogs in fair supply at the old quotations.
Free sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
standards and 9010 c for softshell; Almonds,
llV4©l2c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 40
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, 5%@6%c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuta, 7>4&Bc; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. H@lSc; Cocoanuts,
$4 eo<&s.
HONEY— Comb. HH®l2c for bright and 10V43
lie for light amber; water white extracted,' 8c;
light amber extracted. 7H©7%0; dark, SV»Q6c
per lb.
BEESWAX-2»®26c per lb..
Provisions.
Prices remain unchanged. The demand Is
good.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ?%e per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c for extra light and 13Vic for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl;
extra Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
$14 50; extra clear. $17 50; Mess. $16 50; smoked
Beef. 14@14%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\<g7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
k^c: 10-lh tins. S^ic; 5-lb tins, »c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@7T4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. ll%c; medium, lie: light. 10\4c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags. 7V4c; Salted Kip. 10% c; Calf.
lie Dry Hides, sound, 18!g>lSi*c: culls and
branas 15c: Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf.
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20*j:35c each; short
Wool, 35fi60c each; medium, 70@90c: long Wool.
$I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 25@2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Ec per lb; No. 2.
454% c; refined, 6%c; grease. 2Hc.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains. 9®ioe: South
ern 8@10c: Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 16317 c; Eastern Oregon. 13®16c;
Valley Oregon. 18020 c: Northern Mountain,
free. Jlgllc; Northern Mountain, defective. 10Q
lie 'per lb. ' : ¦'-,£¦ -.•¦¦i,"rv, ;'
HOPS— 6@9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers report sufficient Hogs at current quo
tations. ¦*¦". '
BEEF— 7®7%c per lb for Steers and 6HQ7c for
Cows.
VEAL— B«IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Bc; ewes, 7®7^c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 15c; yearlings. B®9c per lb.
POHK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small, 6*io for
medium and 5«4©5^4C for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 514@5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@Bsic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7©7Vic; Wool
Bags. 28@30c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 SO; Seat
tle, $7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend.
$8; Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, ;
Cumberland. $10 in Dulk and $11 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11
per ton; Coke, |15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
Backs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 6c; Dry Gran
ulated, 4 T 4c: Confectioners' A. 4%c; California
A. ; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4»4c: Golden
C, 4Vic; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, He
more; boxes. He more; 60-lb bags. He more.
So orders taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, &%c; boxes,
5T«c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 15
Flour, qr sks 45,223 Hay, tons 61fi
Wheat, ctls 1.300 Lime, bbls I*2
Barley, ctls 4,010 Sugar, bbls 233
Oats, ctls 560 Quicksilver, flsks. 47
Corn, ctls G9O Leather, rolls 7S
Cheese, ctls 32 [ Straw, tons 31
Butter, ctls 210 Chicory, bbls .... 20
Beans, sks 2,lK> Wool, bags 179
Potatoes, sks 9,452 Shorts, f<ks 330
Onions, sks 20'iPelts. bdls IS
Bran, sks 4.735,'Egg5. doz 4.530
Mlddlin~*. sks .. 1.275 Hides, No 411
Sugar. SKS 430 ' Wine,- gals 59.SCM)
OREGON
Flour, qr sks 12. 463, 0ni0n5, ska 1,567
Potatoes, eks ....13,6991
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. Mar.
Opening 5 9H 6 s\i
Closing J St f B>,£
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 17 95 18 90
Closing 17 90 18 95
Flour—
Opening 24 00 24 85
Closing 24 05 24 83
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— CATTLE— Good to choice
fat steers, strong; medium to Inferior grades,
slow to 10!gl5c lower than Friday. Texans, act
ive at 10c decline: butchers' stock, weak; stock
ers, steady. Good to choice, $5 40@6 40; poor to
medium, $120<35 3j; mixed stockers, $3@3 75; se
lected feeders, $4 25@4 75; good to choice cows,
$3 6;@4"5; heifers, $3 50@4 80; canners, $2 75@3;
bulls. $2 60-84 60; calves. $4 50@S 75; fed Texas
beeves. $4 ICHga 25.
HOGS— Active; Be higher than Saturday's
closing; fair clearances. Mixed and butchers',
$4 Co®4 75; good to choice heavy, $4 65@4 75;
rough heavy. $* 50(04 60; light, $4 45@4 67&; bulk
Of EHles. $4 60@4 70.
SHEEP— Steady; lambs, steady to 10c lower.
Native wethers $1 40<f*4 85, lambs $4 f.o^6 15;
Western wethers $4 30<2?4 75, lambs $5 25@6 10.
Receipts— Cattle. 17.000; Hogs, 37,000; Sheep,
1000.
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Tin continues to at
tract attention here and abroad, at the same
time showing leading strength and activity.
St-llers steadily advanced asking rates on the
small supply theory. The other departments
of this market show little change or feature
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants quiet and nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 50.
TlN— Firm for spot, unsettled for futures
with $27 70 bid and $28 50 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 45 and for cop
per $16 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 45 bid and $4 55
asked.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, January 13, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, C 6.532.000 bushels; decrease, 1 360 000
Corn, 12.684,000; increase, 271.000. Oats, 6,043,000
decrease 28,000. Rye, 1,250,000; decrease. 61 000*
Barley, 2.032.000; decrease, 178,000.
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 15.— WHEAT— Spot. No 2
red Western winter, dull, 6s 9Hd;;No. 1 North
ern spring, dull, Ss llVid. Futures dull; March
5s B%d; May. 6s B^d. -. "" trcn -
CORN— Futures quiet; January, 3s 6V»d;.Feb
ruary, 3s 5Hd; March, 3s 5Hd.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. 15.— Clearings, *386,300; bal
ances. J54J3.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 15.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 23 hours from. Moss
Landing.
Btmr Olympla. Tniebridge. 21 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 21 days.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Broomhead. 2S days from
Manila, via Naga.vakl 22 days.
Stmr Columbia, fvjran. 55H hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 624 hours from
San Dlero. etc.
Stmr China, Seabury. 23 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama 13 days, via Honolulu 5 days
12 hours 43 minutes.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. 92 hours from De
parture Bay.
Br ship Matterhorn, Williams. I*3 days from.
Antwerp.
Schr Fannie Adele. Rlstum, 27 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Volante. Christensen, 14 days from Co
qullte River.
Schr Parkersbunr. Elllngsen, 19 days from
Co<iuille River.
CLEARED.
Monday. January 15.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. Comox; S P Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 13.
Stmr Newsboy, Walvig. Usal.
Stmr Sunol. Green. Grays Harbor.
Ship Cyrus Wakefleld. Macldon. Honolulu.
Bktn S N Castle. Langfeldt. Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON. Jan 14— Br ship Durbridge, from
Oregon, arrived Jan 13 at Queenstown and re
ports having run through a hurricane Nov 24.
The captain and five of the crew were severely
injured, cabin > skylights stove and forecastle
and cabin flooded. ,
Schr Muriel at Port Townsend reports could
not make Hakodate. Battled fourteen days
against snow storms and gales and drifted 300
miles cast. Lost five sails and two spars; one
man was hurt and the balance worn out.
Schr Helen N Klmball at Hilo prior to Jan 1
reports on Dec 6 spoke ship Marion Chilcott.
from Chemalnus for Adelaide, with deckload of
30 or 40 thousand feet lumber lost la terrlflo
weather: otherwise all ¦well.
GRAYS HARBOR. Jan 13— The stjnr Robert
Dollar was successfully launched at nooa to
day.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 15, 10 p m— "Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity S mile*. «~
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Barbound Jan 15 — Strars Axcata
and Empire.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 14— Bktn Quickstep for
San Francisco: schr Alcalde, for Ban Pedro
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Lakme
hence Jan 9.
Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco. .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 13— Schr C H Mer
chant, from Taeoma.
Sailed Jan 15— Stmrs Fulton and Westport.
for San Francisco. *
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr State of
California, hence Jan 13; Br ship Colony, from,
Taltal; ship C S Rement. from Shanghai.
Sailed Jan 15— Stmrs Despatch. Aberdeen and
Geo \V Elder, for San FrancUco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Noyo and
stmr -Barbara Hernster. for San Francisco
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Jan 15— Schr
Muriel, from Hiogo: schr Eric, from Honolulu;
Chll ship Temuco. from Iqulque.
Sailed Jan 15— Bark James Nesmlth. for Dela
goa Bay.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 15— Schr Seauola.
from Port Hadlock.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr North Fork.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan IS— Br bark Mar
guerite Dollfus. hence Sept 7; Br »hID Wvn
ford. hence Aug 16. *T ..-
Sailed Jan 12— Ger ship Flottbek. for Hull
HAMBURG— SaiIed Jan 11— Br shin Port Cal
edonia, for Santa Roealla. "
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Jan 13— Br bark Alllsrf
ance, for Oregon. •
NANAIMO-Sailed Jan 14-Nor itmr Tltania.
for Port Anzeles.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 31— Jap «tmr Hong
kong Maru. from Yokohama. Jan I— Br stmr
Athenian, frcm Manila. Jan 4— Stmr Mariposn.
hence Dec 2S: stmr Kaullaui. hence Dec 13. via
Kahului. ¦ Jan *— Br stmr Moana. from ?#-d'ney.
Jan 7— Ship St Nicholas, from Departure Bay.
Jan B—Stmr8 — Stmr China, from Yokohama. Jan S
Schr Mary E Foster, hence Dec 13: Br bark
Conway Castle, from Liverpool. Jan 9— Br stmr
Lady JoUey. from Yokohama. There Is a bark
off Koko Head, bound in. name as yet un
known.
Sailed Jan I— Br stmr Flintshire, for Manila
schr Ethel Zane. for Port Townsend: bark B P
Cheney, for Port Townsend. Jan 5— Stmr Marl
posa. for Sydney. Jan 7— Ship Centennial, for
San Francisco: schr Columbia, for Port Town
send. Jan S— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for Port
Townsend: bark Martha Davln. for San Fran
cisco. Jan 9— Haw bark Diamond Head for
San Francisco; Br bark Gulf Stream, for Port
land. Or.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior tr» Jan IS— n-r
stmr Carlisle City, from San Diego
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 13— Sh!j> Kenil
worth, for Lelth. ° *-enn-
KAHULUI— To nail Dec 30— Schr Fred n
Sanders, for Port Townsend/ B
Arrived Jan I— Schr J M Weatherwax from
Taeoma. " lron »
fro^Ta^ma"^ *- ftehr Meth * »*•».
OCEAN STEAMERS
tFHSSSSF I*-**™1 *-**™ Jan *-*»» Ohio.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
Ca*h quotations were as follows: Flour.
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 62®'63c; No. 2 red.
C6r; No. 2 corn MUc; No. 2 oats, 23c; No. 2
white 25>iiR25Hc; No. 3 white, 254 c: No. 2 rye.
54c: No. 2 barley. 38Ji43c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 50;
prime timothy Feed. $2 50@2 65; mess pork, per
barrel. %'J 55/310 90; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 924©
6 05; short ribs sides (loose), $5 671405 924; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 15 50(35 874; short
clear sides (boxed). 15 85®5 90: whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon, 11 23ft.
Steamer Movements.
Atchtson, 2O'.i; Grand Trunk, 674: Anaconda,
BH-" V V
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
fe AUCTION SALE fe
OF
WELL BROKEN HIGH CLASS ROADSTER 3
AND TROTTERS.
(Sired by SILVER BOW (2:16> EASTER
WILKtS M 1.705) and Other Well
¦'": ,'¦'. Known Sires.) _
A Gocd Chance to Get a Green Trotter for the
Season of 1900. - :,„:,
The Property of GEO. FOX ESQ.. CLEMENTS.
Also 23 head of BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES, weighing from UOO to 1800. \\ ell-
matched pairs of blacks, bays, browns, dapple
grays and grays.
TO BE SOLD
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY JANUARY 18. WOO
At 11 A. M.. at
SALES YARD. COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND
MAUKET STREET (1732 Market Street).
Catalogues now ready. Horses at yard.
CHASE A MENDENKALL.
Successors to Kllllp & Co..
Hvestock V.uctieneers.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 15.— 1n the local Wheat
market to-day there was less disposition to buy
than ever, and most of the buyers announced
themselves as strictly out of the market. Oth
ers quoted 60c for Walla Walla, and as high as
V s .T!' a 8 heard ' but very little Wheat is wanted
.A he £? fl ff u >"es. Valley is nominal at 50©51 c,
with Blue Stem 52<£53c
Cleared— British bark Criffel, for Queenstown.
with 74.8C6 bushels Wheat; German bark Mag
dalene, for Liverpool, with 136,141 bushels
Wheat and 30,119 bushels Barley.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Jan. 15.— Wheat-Club, 61c; Blue
Stem, 53c.
the early moralnr tides are given in the left
liand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column giv»s the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
z'.ven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth g'.ven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts, 10,
105 barrels; exports, 20.150 barrels; weak and
without much demand. 'Minnesota patents, $3 70
®4; Minnesota bakers, $2 80^3 10; winter pat
ents, S3 60*573 75; winter Btralts. $3 35@3 45;
winter extras. $2 6G©2 90.
WHEAT— Receipts, 77.600 bushels; exports,
15,960 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2, 74% c f. o.
b. afloat prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 78c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red elevator, 724 c, Op
tions—Opened weak under bearish cables, large
world'B shipments and good increase on pas
sage. Further declines were prompted by liqui
dation, but in the last hour prices rallied on
export rumors. Just at the close, however, a
sharp setback occurred under realizing and
final prices were weak. 4c to %c net decline.
March, 744@74%c, closed 744 c; May, 73@73Hc
closed 73c; July closed 73c.
HOPS-Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 10 to 20
points net higher. Total sales, 35.650 bags. In
cluding: January, J7; February, 17 05@7 10;
March, $7 25; May, $7 23®7 35; June, $7 40; July,
$7 3Jig7 45; August, J7 45Q7 60; September, $7 45
"07 f.5; October, $7 55. Spot— Rio. strong; No. 7
Invoice. B%c; No. 7 Jobbing. STfcc. Mild, strong
and higher; Cordova. 84®124c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and tending higher.
Refined, firm.
BUTTER-Reeelpts, 9675. Steady at decline.
June creamery. 2055234 c; Western creamery, 21
<j2r.c; factory, 17(y22c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7750 packages; steady; West
ern 20c, loss off; ungraded at mark. Western,
HSjISc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK. Jan. 15.— There were no new
features In the market for evaporated apples
tn-day. Prime continues in good demand and
firm, but other grades were quiet, owing to
light inquiries.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
6fa>. c; prime. 6^i®7*-ic; choice. 7%@Se; fancy,
S4<jl9c. .¦¦
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRLun £S— 34©Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13iJ?15c; Moorpark. 16^I8c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20@22c; unpeeled. 74510 c.
TO ARRIVE.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 51.000 67.000
Corn, bushels 399.000 173.000
Oats, bushels 307.000 230.000
Rye. bushels 8.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 78.000 E2.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery. 15®25c; dairy,
lS@23c. Cheese firm, 125J12%c. Eggs, fresh, 17c.
Time Ball.
r.rni.oh Hydroeraphlc Office, TT. S. N. Mer
chants' Fxchange* San Francisco* Cal
January 15. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at. noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights o f High and Low
Waters at, Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent U4 "" 1 " au
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places
8
Sun rises....*/ " 7T^
Sun sets !;";
Moon rises V/.V. 6:is pj m
g- Ft. 3^! Ft .^! Ft 1^ ~
? H W LW__HW iT^ FC
1?::: life «-iSS asS.'iil^S
20 ... 2:41 5.1 8:24 2.4 2:21 42 803 l a
21 ... 3:10 5.0 9:13 2.1 312 3 9 B : 3S li
«.-.. 3:39 5.1 10:10 1.9 4J» 3.5 |jS IJ
NOTE— Iu the above expoalUoa of the tlde»
Steamer.
1 From. ;
I Dv
ue
1
R. Thompson...
.'Seattle |
IJan
19
Bristol
.(departure Bay L
(Jan
Arcata
.:Coos Bay !
! Jan
Empire
. Cooa Bay !•
IJan
A. Blanchard..
Coos Bay*
Walla Wa11a....
Aberdeen
.[COO9 Bay I
.Newport !¦
.Victoria & Puget Sound,.
. Portland ]
jJan
[Jan
Jan
Jan
n
17
i:
1 T
Pomona
South Portland.
Point Arena....
Crescent City...
.[Humboldt
.j Departure Bay
.IPoint Arena
.(Crescent City
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
17
n
M
IS
Mackinaw
Albion
. Seattle t
. Crescent City [
Jan
IJan
Corona
North Fork
..San Diego
.Humboldt
Jan
Jan
1 i.-
Colon
.{Panama ......[
Lady Jotcey —
Czarina
Willamette ....
Washtenaw
Newburs
State of Cal
.'China and Japan
,'Puget Sound I
.{Seattle I.
.|Comox
.IGrays Harbor
.Portland
Jan
I Jan
(Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
.'China and Japan I.
IJan
It
Wellington
.[Departure Bay '
fjan
Jeante
.Departure Bay I
IJan
Tlllamook
.iTlllamook I
!Jan
L'matllla
Santa Rosa
.Victoria & Puget Sound 1
,|San Diego !
IJan
! Jan
22
22
Volumnia
Homer
.[Hambunt !
.!Or*iron Ports I
I Jan
(Jan
24
Columbia
.1 Portland
I Jan
Steanj^r. I Destination, j
Sails. I Pier.
Hone. Maru ChlnaiJapan
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.
Santa Rosa. San Dlesro
Samoa Humboldt
San Pedro.. IHumboldt I
A. Blanch' d I Coos Bay |
Columbia ..Portland
Newport ... I Panama
Arcata jCoos Bay
Coob Bay... I Newport
Aberdeen ..'Portland
Pomona >Humboldt ]
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena..'
Lady Jolceyl China & Japan,
. Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
. Jan.
Jan.
.'Jan.
IJan.
(Jan.
iJJan.
. 18. Ipm PMS3
. 16. 10 am: Pier »
. 17. 11 am Pier It
. 17. 10 am Pier 13
. 17, 4 pmjPler 13
. 17. 10 am Pier 13
. tt, 10 am, Pier _t
. 13. 12 mIPMSS
. 13. 10 am; Pier 13
. 13. 9 am, Pier 11
? 19. 5 pmj
. 19. 2 pmlPler 9
. 20. 2 pmiPler 2
. 2>>. 1 pint
Corona ;San Diego |
Walla Wall! Vic & Pgt Sd.
Newburj? ..j Grays Harbor
North Forkl Humboldt
State of Call Portland
Bonlta |San Pedro
Jar..
.Jan.
r Jan.
Jan.
. Jan.
, Jan.
. 21. 11 amiPler 11
. 21. 10 ami Pier 3
I. 22 1
'• 12
i. 23. lOam'Pler 21
? 23. 9amlP!er 11
a
Sun rises....*/ " 7T^
Sun sets !;";
Moon rises V/.V. 6:is pj m
g- Ft. 3^! Ft .^! Ft 1^ ~
? H W LW__HW iT^ FC
1?::: life «-iSS asS.'iil^S
20 ... 2:41 5.1 8:24 2.4 2:21 42 803 l a
21 ... 3:10 5.0 9:13 2.1 312 3 9 B : 3S li
«.-.. 3:39 5.1 10:10 1.9 4J» 3.5 |jS IJ
NOTE— Iu the above expoalUoa of the tlde»
Steamer.
1 From. ;
I Dv
ue
1
R. Thompson...
.'Seattle |
IJan
19
Bristol
.(departure Bay L
(Jan
Arcata
.:Coos Bay !
! Jan
Empire
. Cooa Bay !•
IJan
A. Blanchard..
Coos Bay*
Walla Wa11a....
Aberdeen
.[COO9 Bay I
.Newport !¦
.Victoria & Puget Sound,.
. Portland ]
jJan
[Jan
Jan
Jan
n
17
i:
1 T
Pomona
South Portland.
Point Arena....
Crescent City...
.[Humboldt
.j Departure Bay
.IPoint Arena
.(Crescent City
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
17
n
M
IS
Mackinaw
Albion
. Seattle t
. Crescent City [
Jan
IJan
Corona
North Fork
..San Diego
.Humboldt
Jan
Jan
1 i.-
Colon
.{Panama ......[
Lady Jotcey —
Czarina
Willamette ....
Washtenaw
Newburs
State of Cal
.'China and Japan
,'Puget Sound I
.{Seattle I.
.|Comox
.IGrays Harbor
.Portland
Jan
I Jan
(Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
.'China and Japan I.
IJan
It
Wellington
.[Departure Bay '
fjan
Jeante
.Departure Bay I
IJan
Tlllamook
.iTlllamook I
!Jan
L'matllla
Santa Rosa
.Victoria & Puget Sound 1
,|San Diego !
IJan
! Jan
22
22
Volumnia
Homer
.[Hambunt !
.!Or*iron Ports I
I Jan
(Jan
24
Columbia
.1 Portland
I Jan
Steanj^r. I Destination, j
Sails. I Pier.
Hone. Maru ChlnaiJapan
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.
Santa Rosa. San Dlesro
Samoa Humboldt
San Pedro.. IHumboldt I
A. Blanch' d I Coos Bay |
Columbia ..Portland
Newport ... I Panama
Arcata jCoos Bay
Coob Bay... I Newport
Aberdeen ..'Portland
Pomona >Humboldt ]
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena..'
Lady Jolceyl China & Japan,
. Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
. Jan.
Jan.
.'Jan.
IJan.
(Jan.
iJJan.
. 18. Ipm PMS3
. 16. 10 am: Pier »
. 17. 11 am Pier It
. 17. 10 am Pier 13
. 17, 4 pmjPler 13
. 17. 10 am Pier 13
. tt, 10 am, Pier _t
. 13. 12 mIPMSS
. 13. 10 am; Pier 13
. 13. 9 am, Pier 11
? 19. 5 pmj
. 19. 2 pmlPler 9
. 20. 2 pmiPler 2
. 2>>. 1 pint
Corona ;San Diego |
Walla Wall! Vic & Pgt Sd.
Newburj? ..j Grays Harbor
North Forkl Humboldt
State of Call Portland
Bonlta |San Pedro
Jar..
.Jan.
r Jan.
Jan.
. Jan.
, Jan.
. 21. 11 amiPler 11
. 21. 10 ami Pier 3
I. 22 1
'• 12
i. 23. lOam'Pler 21
? 23. 9amlP!er 11
aTivoli.
"Tho Idol's Eye," Smith & Herbert's
brilliant comic opera, in which Frank
Daniels scored a big hit in the. city ?ome
time ago, is on this week at the Tivoll.
The Initial performance drew a crowded
house la«t evening. The singing of
Frances Graham, as the chief priestess of
the Ruby, was the feature of the play.
Miss Graham ia the daughter of the late
General Graham, a firm friend of Gen
eral Shatter, and the fact that she was
billed In the cast caused General Shaf tt.r
to occupy a front seat among I the first
nlghters. •
Chutes.
"Major Mite told in song at the Chutes
last night how a colored lady said "You
Don't Weigh No Fifteen Hundred
Pounds." The audience was delighted.
The Leandor Brothers, "gladiatorial acro
bats," gave a pretty posturing perform
ance. Harry de Lalne, high barytone,
fave a clever imitation of Fougere, and
'rank Hall, the English lion tamer, put
Wallace through his unwilling paces. The
rest of the bill waa entertaining.
Orpheum.
Frank Coffin, on. his debut in vaudeville
was greeted with several theater parties
and applause galore for the three encores
which his friends bestowed upon him. He
made a good impression - and improved
after his first ballad, the excessive vibrato
of which was probably xiue to stage
fright.. The other new people this week
are clever. Hanson and Nelson, the sing
ing and dancing soubrettes. established
themselves as .favorites. Mile. Emmy's
trained fox-terriers are a pleasing addi-
COX?ABNIE GESEBALE TSASSITLASTIQ7E.
DIRECT LIME TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4£si!jS
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at ¦~f*G£*
10 a. m.. from Pier 4J. North River, foot of
Morton st. La AQUITAINE. Jan. 1*: LA GAS-
COGNE. Jan. 25: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1;
LA BRETAOME, Feb. 8. First-class to Havre.
$80 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. I*s: 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AOEXCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson bnildins). New York. J.
F. FUGA7J A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 3
Montgomery aye.. Pan Francisco.
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 516 Market.
MAKE TWO APPOINTMENTS.
Election Commissioners Hold a Short
Session
The Election Commission was in session
for two hours la^t night but accomplished
little of importance. The Registrar was
authorized to aFk for bids for printing
the Great Register and to have 7500 affi
davits printed in blank. It was also de
cided that the present precinct plan of the
city b« adopted for the coming election
provided there is. no legal objection and
th*> Registrar was Instructed to ask the
City and County Attorney for an opinion
In tho matter.
Thomas iivan was appointed a clerk for
iifty-three day*, at a monthly salary of
Slfto and Frederick Anderson was • ap
pointed mritppnger for the same length of
tlmf at a salary of 175 a month.
The Registrar was Instructed to petition
stripped of sails and some of her spars
gone. The Muriel palled from Kobe for
Hakodate with a cargo of sulphur for
San Francisco, and after teaving the for
mer port encountered severe gales for
fourteen days, at the expiration of which
time she found herself several hundred
miles farther away from her destination
than on the day she sailed, with sails tat
tered and torn and some of her spars car
ried away. In this condition Captain
Carleßon deemed It impossible to- reach
Hakodate, bo with what reefing sails he
had he headed for Puget Sound, sailing
before the gale. ..
Captain Carleson says It was the most
fearful experience he ever had during his
life at sea. and he feels thankful that he
and his crew are here to tell the tale.
FIRED IN SELF-DEFENSE.
Fowler Binney Kills a Dnmken Man
Who Attacked Him.
Special Dlf patch to The Call
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 15.— The particu
lars of a shooting affray which occurred
at Swedes Flat, near' Bangor, on Sunday
have reached this city. It appears that
Henry Dv Voir, the victim, was addicted
to drink, and yesterday while crazed from
the effects of overindulgence went to the
cabin of his friend, Fowler Blnney.
Though he created quite a disturbance on
the outside Blnney permitted him to en
ter when he knocked at the door, and he
finally persuaded Dv Volr to He on the
bed. The drunken man fell into a doze,
but in a short time Jumped to his feet and
grasped a rifle which stood near the bed.
With a wild cry and an oath he informed
Blnney that he was going to kill him. "As
he raised the weapon to his shoulder Bin
ney realized the danger, and seizing nn
other weapon shot in self-defense, killing
Dv Voir. ?'.' _ " .
TO PASS THE
TUBERCULOSIS
TEST RULES
Board of Education
Favors Plan.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 15.
The resolution of the Board of Health
recommending that all teachers and pu
pils suffering from tuberculosis be ex
cluded from the public schoolß came up
before the Board of Education to-night. It
was referred to the committee of the
whole, but there Is no doubt that It
will pass. The only question which will
be considered is the proper shape in which
the measure should be placed that it may
stand a legal test. The following state
ments from members of the Board of Kdu
catlon show that it will be adopted:
President John Russ— The resolution
should be passed. It should be changed,
however, so as not to exclude pupils who
have pulmonary troubles that are curable.
Director Giles H. Gray— The resolution
is all right. • j|
Director C. H. Redlngton— All sufferers
from tuberculosis should be excluded from
the schools. The measure should be
adopted.
Director J. W. Wilcox— lt Is a move
which Is In the right direction, and I shall
vote for it. ¦ . _. .
Director George Randolph— The ;uca Is
correct, but the resolution needs revision
in some minor respects before it Is
W. G. Mengee— The resolution la all rlgnt
and Bhould become a school law.
Director H. A. Powell— While I consider
the matter all right I want to look into
the legal aspects of it more fully before
expressing an opinion. If it can he parsed
with a certainty that It. will stand a Judi
cial test, I shall certainly vote for it.
Director Myra Knox-The resolution s a
good one and I shall vote for Its adoption.
Director C. B. Rutherford— l am not
quite certain as to the legal status of the
matter.. The resolution Is a good one,
however, and should be adopted.
Director Prlce-Everybody suffering
from consumption should \* f* clu r d ,^
from the public schools and the rule
should pass J ¦ ¦'?¦*• -H-
execution was levied on Lady Frances
Broome to-day by Sheriff Nat Stewart. L.
J. Rose Jr. and W. A. Hobson of Ventura
secured Judgment against her last March
for 52000. As no money could- be secured
from her their only recourse was to levy
the execution.
¦Positively cored by tHese .
lAttlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from DyspepeSsi
todigestfaa and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet randy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
nes3, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tccgue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowd3, Purely Vegetable j
Small Pin. Small Dosa*
\ 6 rn a!l Price.
If yon haven't a regular, healthy movement of the
bowels every day, you're sick, or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, In the shape of
violent physic or pill poison. Is dacKcrtius. Too
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the
bowels clear and clean U to take
WfIJTE ASfl STEAM COAL, Sg^S
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. «t It 9 GREEN
.RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tht
market.- Office and Vards— »3o Main street. -
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
Tl^irriiAVY™^ VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:13
a. m.: 3:15. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office, Mlsclon-street Dock.
Pier Net t. Telephone Main 1503.
TARS -....» ; Mo
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan I&— Stmr Lakme. ; hno
bailed Jan 15— Stmr Al-KI, for Alaska: Bchr
F 8 Iledfleld. for ' Honolulu. Jan 14— Br Btmr
Blkh, for Honrkouff.
OCEAN STEAMERS. ;
BOULOGNE— Arrived Jan 15— 8tmr PtaUn
flam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded. ' • *.\.:V*
PRINTIN3.
E- C HUGHES, "¦¦¦m-SSgyg-a ».•
It 1b considered a deadly insult to tell
a Bostonian that he doesn't know beans.
y • FRESH AND SALT MEATS. .
f 4<T RnYFS £ Cf\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- OUIEdaIU-i clay. fel. Main 1»4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
CW SMITH Snlp Plumbing. Steamboat
• TT O ill 1 11. an d _Snlp Work a Specialty, IS
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
tance. The part of Leontes is .one of op
portunity, but of no very great difficulty.
It is a well-built and clearly defined char
acter that fits itself In the lines of the
play. Mr. Hanford does not spoil It,
though ho Is inclined to overact and at
one point In the fourth act he rants out
rageously. In the final scenes he is ad
mirable In his reserve and depicts the
tenderness of the contrite king with judg
ment and good effect.
Mr. James as Autolycus has little more
than a glimmering trace of merit. He is
sacrificed In the part and makes matters
worse by. his variously false conception.
He destroys, the wit of the role and falls
to bring out tho knavery, slyness and
pedantry that are Its chief distinctions.
PORTER GARNETT.
Alhambra.
Those who went to the Alhambra last
evening to be amused went away satis
fied. This was also experience of the
attendance' on Sunday, when "A Hot Old
Time" was opened for the first time after
a long absence from "this city. In the
present presentation of the piece there
are many new features which vastly Im
prove It. It will be remembered that this
is a comedy without a plot and without
any special point that can be perceived,
but for all that the audience was kept in
a constant fit of laughter, the comical
situations springing spontaneously into
view.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar stock company surprised
the patrons of that theater with the
splendid manner in which it presented
"Lady Windermere's Fan" last evening
Of course,- there were weak spots In the
play A but taken as a whole It was one of
the best performances seen at thia house
Grand Opera-House.
j Theflrst production in this city of Dellin
ger's comic opera, "Don Caesar of Irun "
at. the i Grand Opera-house last night
scored an instantaneous and emphatic hit.
The music is of a high order and tuneful
and full justice was done to the various
numbers by .the capable company. The
choruses were especially effective, and the
orchestra was more than equal to the de
mands of .the openu^,
Olympia.
Zoyarra. the , ball manipulator. Is still
pedaling. his way into favor at'the Olym
pla, and the La Monts retain their popu
larity. The whole bill rendered last night
was good.
Mary Van Buren in all her wide-eyed
and dimpled beauty did much to give
charm to the performance. She waa given
her first real chance and easily carried
off the honors. The opportunity wm all
that Daly could make it, whose propensity
for giving Ada Rehan more than her
share of prominence Is well known. The
part of the Countess Is big enough to sat
isfy any actress with enough good looks
and talent to warrant a nearly continuous
display of the same, and certainly Miss
Van Buren has a plethora of the first and
more than a modicum of the latter.
She is on the stage almost all the time,
and quite aside from such entertainment
as Is offered by the play and the playing
of It, there is a great deal of enjoyment
to be had in the mere contemplation of
her glorious pulchritude. There is' some
variety to her part, though it is cast on
the lines of straight comedy, and so far
as the acting goes she is adequate to the
requirements. She has not that subtle
coquetry that is characteristic of Ada
Rehan, and in her byplay there Is a no
ticeable effort to be doing something,,
sometimes without the happiest results.
In extenuation of her lack of finesse It
may be said that many handicaps arise
from the exigencies of stock company
work, and a careful and artistic charac
terization may not be compassed by
meager rehearsing nor brought to a state
of completion for a first performance. •
"The Winter's Tale" is Kathryn Kld
der*B play. In the roles of Hermione and
Perdita at the Columbia last night she
carried the burden of the acting on her
fair shoulders and captured her audience
unconditionally. She was preferable as
Hermione for many reasons, but chiefly
for her intelligent reading of serious lines.
Her enunciation Is well defined and her
accent and emphasis, judicious. In the
part of Hermione, where a certain degree
of force, of spell, Is essential she Is not
wanting and it is only when she doffs
her more sombre habit and appears as
Perdita, decked with roses and filled with
the ecstacy of youth, that, as an actress,
we find her wanting. Even then she has
charm and is fair to look upon, but, de
spite her abundant epirit, she fails to be
truly girlish and, with her Hermione fresh
In memory, one is almost compelled to
think that she is untrue to herself in es
saying a role that fits her less well than
that.
In Charles Hanford the so-called "tri
umvirate" has an actor of some lmpor-
Occasionally, when the luck changed,
the Berkeley troubadors were enabled to
Indulge In the luxury of a ride In one of
the beautifully upholstered second-class
Collis P. Huntington coaches, along with
long-queued hatchetmen, unwashable In
dians and other pleapant people for fel
low passengers. At other times, through
the kindness of freight brakemen. they
managed to woo Morpheus while rolling
along the railroad right-of-way, snugly
ensconced in Pullman Bide-door sleepers —
otherwise known as boxcars.
The deficit the club sustained while on
the trip amounts to over $900. Some of
the members are now seriously thinking
of changing the association to a 'pedes
trian club. *
ent all comes from the annual winter
tour which the club took. Concerts were
given in various places along a route be
tween Southern California and the State
of Washington— and the walking was bad
everywhere. Toward the latter end of
the trip stern-hearted and practical hotel
keepers silently pointed to the printed
rule which hangs on the wall of every
hostelry where theatrical talent Is wont
to domicile itself and as a result the
principal dishes on the Glee Club menu
were crackers, cheese cheese and crack
ers. . i
They couldn't get around the dictum of
the landlords which reads: "All guests
without baggage are required to pay in
advance."
OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— The Glee Club
of the University of California Is
now possessed of a glumness which
belies the suggestion of happiness
which its title conveys. The members are
anything but Joyful. Gloom follows In
the wake of them like a nemesis stalking
behind a victim. No longer does the
sound of their voices float through the
atmosphere In a gladsome manner to the
tune of a rag-time accompaniment. In-
Etead their vocal efforts appear sad and
dreary and the instrumental music which
goes with their songs, resembles the dirges
played at the funeral of a Digger Indian.
The deep melancholy which pervades
the aggregation of collegiate musical tal-
BOARD OF HEALTH HANDS
OUT MORE APPOINTMENTS
DR. CHALMERS MADE CHIEF
SANITARY INSPECTOR.
Given Ten Assistants, and Other
Plums Are Distributed With
a Free Hand.
The Board of Health fixed up another
bunch of appointments In one of its dark
lantern sessions last night, and after the
distribution of the patronage had been
agreed upon threw open the doors and al-
Jowed the public to witness their formal
ratification.
Dr. William P. Chalmers was appointed
rhief sanitary inspector at a monthly sal
ary of $150, and ten assistant sanitary in
spectors were appointed at a monthly cal
ary of HO 1 ) each, as follows: Dr. W. S.
Hereford, Dr. Thomas Shumate, Dr. Max
Salomon. Dr. Clarence A. Tonholtz. Di
C A. Both©, Dr. li. B. Graham. Dr. Frank
T. Fltxglbbon, Dr. A. 8. Keenan. Dr. John
Green and Dr. C. L. Pawlicki. As the nn
ttnclal ptringency under which the board
Is laboring necessitates the exercise of a
certain measure of economy, it was or
dered that the sanitary Inspectors serve
alternately, half one month and half the
next month until further notice.
Nine matronships were created, the sal
ary in each case being fixed at $60 a
month. The positions were filled by the
appointment of the following: Mrs. Annie
McConnell. Mrs. Nellie Wynne. Mr*.
KHza Ueauchamp. Mre. Amy Hart, Mrs.
Jln*e and A. E. Andrews, assigned to the
K^oeiving Hospital; Mrs. C. E. Blake,
Mrs. Wells and Mrs. Allen Swett. assigned
to the detention hospital for Insane.
Three additional food inspectors were
appointed at a salary of $100 a monlh each,
as follows: G. W. Tracy, Thomas .Lyn
don and C. J. Btoudy.
Columbus F. Bucher was appointed chief
Ftrward at a monthly salary of $75, ond
Kenneth McKenzle and Emil Bertard were
appointed assistant stewards at $60 a
month each.
Lawrence Walsh tras appointed dlsinter
racnt Inspector at a monthly salary of $100.
P. J. Blppy was made bakery inspector at
$75 a month and Ernest Bucenius, C. S.
Perry. J. H. Tracy and Martin Walch
wrre appointed ambulance drivers at $55
a month each.
The third Friday of every month was
declared to be the regular meeting day
of the board, and an adjournment was
tn^n taken.
GENERAL HART SUED
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— General William
H. 11. Hart of San Francisco Is named
as defendant' in a damage suit filed in
the Superior Court of Alameda County
late this afternoon, wherein Mrs. Ella R.
Senecal, also a resident of the metropolis,
appears as plaintiff.
Tho basis of Mrs. Senecal's action la
the alleged tardiness of the well-known
attorney In his undertaking to recover
moneys on a judgment rendered In her
favor against certain prominent people
on a promissory note over a year ago.
The complaint, preferred by Attorney
Arnold W. Liechti, recites: ".That on De
cember 7. 1597. In an action of Mrs. Ella
R. Senecal against N. W. Spauldlng, J. S.
Emery and Abner Doble, in the Superior
Court of Alameda County, plaintiff was
given judgment against defendants In the
sum of $3161 55 and $11 55 for costs of court.
"That in December. 1837. plaintiff em
ployed and retained defendant, \V, H. H.
Hart, who undertook and agreed Imme
diately to set on foot and prosecute in a
proper nml diligent manner, as attorney,
such proceedings as are by law In such
cases made and provided.
"That If Attorney Hart had so done
he might have enforced payment on said
Judgments before December 1. IS3B.
• * • But that defendant has absolute
ly failed to do so, and that in the mean
while N. W. Spaulding, J. S. Emery and
Abner Doble have Decome insolvent:
* • * and that said judgment is still
unsatisfied."
Mrs. Senecal prays for Judgment against
Defendant Hart In the sum of $3161 55.
GLOOMILY THE GLEE CLUB HIES IT HOME AGAIN
tlon to the attractions. The colored song
and dance team. Hodges and Lauchmere,
are first class, and It was a relief to listen
to their singing, there being neither
shrieks nor yells In It. The performance
winds up with Xelstone and Abbey of the
London music hall variety of song and
dance performers.
OCEAN TBAVUL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h» ' Steamers leave Broadway
rTkyi^ wharf. San Fran.-isco:
MlaMfc. Fcr Alaskin ports. 10 a. rrv.
•KS«£|!g l *'H -Jl3- 6. 11. IS. h. 28. 31. F«-b.
IRGSwn '• Chans-* to company" a 3tea:n-
mxSISAi ers at Seattle.
fc»3LJ^2i&«! - For Vtotiria. Vancouver
r^^^aSSsH < B - C.). Port Townsend. Seat-
tie, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortet and New Whatoora
(Wash.). 18 a. m.. Jan. t.
11. 18 H. 2«. «1, Feb. I. and every fi.'th day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company 9
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'T-: »t Vancouver to C. P. R y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), J P- «>- J»n-
», 14. 19. 24. 19. Feb. X and «very flfta day
For Santa Cru«. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Hartord (San Luis ObJspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme Pan P*dro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Jan. 7. IL 15. 19. 23. 17. «. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. »„_*•«
For San Diego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). 3ant* Barbara, Port
Lo» Angeles aad Redondo (Lcs Angeles) 11 a.
m.. Jan. S. ». 13. 17. 21. 25. ». Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdaler.a Bay. San Jo»e de!
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Sinta Rosalia
and Guayma* (Max.). 10 a. m.. 7ta of each
For further Information obtain company's
The "company reserve* the right to chang*
rteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without prevlons notice. ....
TICKET OFFICE —4 Xew Montgomery
Etreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O i rr nnifll Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL «>'¦=
Will la IJWII I hm Ec Overcoats aad
Valises checked fr«*.
A FEW of the Frawleys were seen in
"The Countess Guckl" at the Cali
fornia Sunday night. It is a far
cry from Pinero to Yon Schoenthan, who,
so the programme has it, Is the author of
the latter play. If, however, the Teuton
have no other claim to distinction than
this one it 13 not to be wondered that his
name is not known to fame. I do not
know what the farce may have amounted
to before It was Rehanlzcd by Augustln
Daly, or whether that process were fruit
ful of good or 111 to the original, but aside
from being occasionally humorous, fre
quently Filly and always conventional,
"The Countess Gucki" Is not marked by
anything that will make it remembered.
Considering the poorness of the material
It has to work with, the company docs
very well, and it is its very fair aver
age work that alone saves the show from
being tedious. "The Countess Guckl" in
worse hands would be banal; in better
hands It might. In spite of its shortcom
ings, admit of occasional brilliancy, and
in the hands of the Frawley company It
Is moderately entertaining without being
either glaringly good or sensationally bad.
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
Never Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c. oOc Wriia
for free sample, and booklet on health. Address
BUrllsf Rrmti* Caaauy, Cklcaf •, Jlcmtreil, s*w tori. m%
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH.
"Chick" Doody Rescued From the Bay
by a Plucky Companion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO. Jan. 15.— Young "Chick"
Doody, son of Station Agent C. H. Doody
of the North Pacific Coast Railroad, had
a narrow escape from drowning this
afternoon.
Doody. in company with several school
mates, was about to board a Whitehall
boat from the wharf. In some way he
missed his footing and a moment later
his horrified friends saw him struggling
In the water.
Harry Spencer, a San Rafael boy, was
among the boys, and throwing off his coat
sprang from the wharf to Doody's aid.
Doody cannot swim, and as a strong tide
was running at the time of the accident,
would undoubtedly have been drowned
had it not been for Spencer's heroic deed.
NARROW ESCAPE OF
THE SCHOONER MURIEL
PORT TOWNSEND, Jan. 15.— The
echooner Muriel, after being buffeted
about on the tempestuous seas for forty
days In trying to reach' Hakodate from
Kobe, arrived here this morning nearly
Kathryn Kidder as She Ap
pears in the Dual Role of
Hermione and Perdita in
"The Winter's Tale."
More Trouble for Lady Broome.
PpecVal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 15.-A writ of
HIS BRIDE WAS
SUMMONED IN
A GREAT HURRY
Romantic Ending of
Engagement.
AI..AMEISA, Jan. 15. — The circumstances
under which Miss Marion Leen of this
city and John \V. Pearson, a well-known
mining man. were married last Saturday
evening were particularly romantic. The
wedding ceremony was performed in
Pearson's office at 522 Montgomery street,
San Francisco. A Sausallto Justice of
the Peace officiated.
Miss Leen had been engaged to Pearson
for some time, but the engagement Was
kept a profound secret, only one or two
close friends being aware of it. It is said
that Pearson feared possible objections
on the part of his daughter, Mrß. Dr. W.
8. Porter of Oakland.
Although the wedding day had not been
definitely. set, there was an understanding
between Miss Leen and Pearson that it
was to take place at any time between
Friday of last week and Thursday " of
this, presumably when Pearson became
satisfied the coast was clear. It was at
first planned that the bridal party should
hire a tugboat and have the wedding at
eea, in that way avoiding the necessity of
procuring a marriage license and thereby
attracting attention. This plan was after
ward abandoned, and It was agreed that
Pearson's office should be the scene of the
wedding.
Miss Leen was In momentary expecta
tion of a summons. She was kept, no her
friends say, ai the highest pitch of sus
pense. At 3 o'clock Saturday afternoon
the message she anticipated arrived. At
4 o'clock she was on her way to San Fran
cisco, having made hurried preparations.
At 5 o'clock she arrived in the city, where
she was met at the ferry by the prospec
tive groom. At 6 o'clock she stood with
Pearson before the Sausallto Justice, vow
ing to love, cherish and obey for keeps.
When the ceremony was concluded the
bridal party hied to a fashionable rotls
serle, where a wedding supper was en
joyea. Mr. and Mrs. Pearson will leave
in a few days for an extended European
tour.
Miss Leen that was has made her home
for the past five years with Mrs. W. M.
Calcutt of 2157 Clinton avenue. She has
been engaged in newspaper work in San
Francisco at times and Is quite an accom
plished musician. ' Her age is given as 26
years.
Pearson Is a well-known mining nan
and has had an eventful career. At one
time he was associated with Senator
Hearst In mining deals. He was a
widower and is 49 years of age.
Pearson once before attracted attention
to himself In Alameda through his con
nection with the Long Branch baths,
which he built, and the street car line
connecting Alameda with Oakland, in
which he was a stockholder. He and Thnd
Fitch, also interested, went one morning
to the stables of the car line and took
forcible possession of the rolling stock,
their object being to control Its operation.
The courts were resorted to, however, by
the other (stockholders, and the property
was restored to them.
ANGLUS MAY BE SUFFERING
FOR HIS SISTER'S CRIME
John Soares So Declared in What He Believed to Be His
Dying Statement.
: - t
Tie Aged Man, in the Fear of Death, Deposed That It Was the Girl and Hot
Her Brother Who Put a Bullet Into Him.
"I, John Rogers Soares, being afraid and thinking I am going to
die as the result of being shot this evening, declare that I was shot by
Annie Anglus.
' "Joseph Anglus told me that his sister Filomena Anglus wanted
to see me and to go there this evening.
"I went and when near there the sister Annie told me to go in
side the gate to where she was, which was on the porch, and when I
said I would not go any nearer Annie Anglus told me she wanted to
see me.
"I then said: 'I don't want to see you. It was your sister I wanted
to see.' She said, 'I am Filomena.' As I got near her I. told her that she
was not Filomena, and at this time Annie Anglus shot me. This state
ment is made by me for the purpose of having the law take its course in
punishing my assailant.
,"This happened near Centerville, Cal., January 10, 1900. '
his
"JOHN- ROGERS X SOARES."
mark
"John Rogers Soares being unable to write I wrote his name at his
request and in his presence, and he made his mark thereto in my pres-
ence. JOHN G. MATTOS JR.
"Witness: W. W. WALTER.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of January,
IGOO. . JOHN G. MATTOS JR.
"Notary Public in and for Alameda County, State of California."
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 15.
THIS state—ent, forwarded to-day to
the District Attorney in Oakland,
puts an entirely different aspect
upon the shooting of John Rogers
Soares at Centervllle Wednesday evening
last. It directly charges what many have
suspected— that Joseph Anglus, now In
Jail for the shooting of Soares, while sup
posed to have been disguised as his sister
Annie, is suffering for an act committed
by the girl herself.
This has been suspected by many, but
Joseph Anglus has always said that he
was the one who did the shooting while
disguised In his sister's clothing. He still
sticks to his original story, but the dying
statement of Soares is directly contra
dictory.
When the story of the shooting first be
came known it was said by everybody
that one of the Anglus girls had com
mitted the crime. When the Sheriff's rep
resentatives at Centervllle started their
investigation on Thursday, however, they
found the girls denying any direct par
ticipation In the act and the brother as
serting- that he was the one who fired
the shot. The boy told every one how he
had disguised himself In his sister's cloth-
Ing and had tried to avenge an insult
offered her. Upon his own confession he
was placed under arrest and Is still In
the County Jail In Oakland.
While Joe Anglus' story was accepted
there were some around Centervllle,
where all parties are known, who said
that one of the girls and not the boy
had fired the shot. John G. Mattos Jr.,
who represents the District Attorney at
Centervllle, went to the house of Soares
and secured the above dying statement,
from which it would seem that young
Anglus Is submitting: to a trial for an
attempted murder In which he had no
hand. . . -
Despite the revelation made in the dying
statement of Soares the boy still stands
by his original story- When he was
shown the statement to-night in . the
County Jail he said:
"I refuse to say whether it Is true or
not, and I intend to protect my sisters,
no matter whtfu the consequences are. I
expect to get out of this all right, and if I
do old Soares wants to be mighty careful
how he talks about my sisters In the fu
ture."
The dying statement of Soares was
made the day after he was shot, and when
he was expected to die. Since his recov
ery Soares has recanted on everything and
has repudiated what h* thought at the
time of the tragedy was his dying utter
ances.
Soares now asserts in a most positive
manner that he does not know who held
the revolver which sent a bullet caroming
around one of his right ribs. For that
reason, he says, he does not want to urge
the prosecution against Joseph Anglus,
the young brother of the girl who was
originally accused, nor does he deslra to
set the wheels of justice In motion against
any person.
•The two sisters are still at Centervllle.
They have both declared that It was their
brother who fired the shot, but with their
knowledge. They refuse .to discuss the
new phase of the case.
"I have had my revenge, that's all," An
nie Anglua vehemently declared when
questioned. "Old Soares is a scoundrsl,
and I am sorry he was not killed."
"Who shot him?" was asked.
"None of your business," was the terse
reply. .
The question Is, whether young Anglua
is suffering imprisonment and is ready t^
face possible conviction for the sake of
his sister.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
the Board of Public Works to assign the
Election Commission to the present quar
ters of the police department on the first
?. r °l lhe Cit y I *a' l - as soon as the
police headquarters are removed to the
new Hall of Justice. An adjournment was
taken to January 21.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1000.
BLOODY BUTTLE
IS ON BETWEEN
LAWLESS TONGS
Another Chinese Shot
to Death.
MURDERED IN A THEATER
TWO BULLETS FIBED INTO HIS
BODY.
Gee Ah Woy, a member of the Hop
Bine long of highbinders, 'was shot and
ki'.lfd Jahl night in the Jackson-street
theater.
The murdered Chinaman was seated In
the rear of the theater when he was /shot
ir^Ti l-f-hind. two bullets entering his
bark, causing his death a short time
:. ': :w axd. As usual, the assassin made
gtto i W* escape.
Woy entered the theater shortly before
t a'dock, accompanied by another China
man. A ffw minutes later a gang of
liignWnders of tht Suey Sing tong walked
Into the place and sat on the top of the
Ivncfaea l>ehiud their victim.
While the attention of the audience was
centered on the villain in the play one of
the hijrhbinders drew a 44 Colt's revolver
aaA fired two shot** into the back of the
uj;tus"i*«>ctlng Ch,inan:an. The murderer
and his fellow highbinders at once rushed
:<t ihe door of wie theater, and brushing
asidt- ih- two white ticket-takers, escaped
in the excitement. One of them was fol
low«d to Sacramento and Montgomery
greets, where he was arrested. It is not
l>el!eved that he is the man who did the
shooting. The pistol which the murderer
used was found on the bench which was
occupied by the highbinders. As the
wounded Chinaman snowed signs of life
he was placed in the patrol wagon and
hurrdiedly dri\en to the Harbor Hospital.
Despite the efforts of the surgeons he
Lreathed his last a short time atterward.
The shooting did not seem to have any
effect on the actor*. They continued to
play their r>ar tf Just as if nothing had
happened. Even the villain in the play
temporarily abandoned his lines to do a
sort of cakewalk.
The murder, the police say. was the re
sult of an attempt by three Hop Sing
highbinders to kill a Suey Sing man in St.
Louis alley Sunday night. Their Intended
victim was passing through the alley
when he was attacked by the men, one
vt whom slashed him across the arm with
& long knife.
The wounded Chinaman reported the as
sault to the president of his tong, .and
war was at once declared on the Hop Sing
highbinders. It was apreed that the as
sault on one of their members was a
J'.agrant breach of the peaoe treaty, which
was sipr.^d by both tongs a few days ago
and which was intended to prevent fur
ther bloodshed in Chinatown. It is known
that the Suey Sing men held a meeting
shortly before the killing and selected
"\Vriy as their victim.
The polloe are satisfied that a bloody
war is imminent between the rival tones
and they are preparing to prevent it if
possible.
BIGGY TAKES ACTION.
Raids Chinatown at Midnight
and Makes Many Arrests.
Acting Chief of Police BIRRT was much
Incensed when he was informed of the
las=t Chinatown murder last night and as
toon as possible gathered together sixty
officer* and started on, a wholesale raid.
Houses where Chinese Immoral traffic Is
carried on were the llrpt to feel the effect
of the acting Chiefs latest orders. Bigrgy
has declared that they must be closed
and demolished, as they afford the high
binders too Rood a place of concealment
and sUso furnish through blackmail a
#;re.at source of revenue to the hatchet
men.
At 1 o'clock this morning Biggy, with
his pquad of mr-n and three patrol wagons,
entered the Chinese quarter and began
what he declared would- be the roughest
deal ever glv«n to the lawless element in
Chinatown. His intentions were, he said,
to arrest every Chinese woman of ill-fame
In th* quarter and charge her with va
prancy. The situation demanded prompt
m< .'inures, and a stop must be put to the
highbinder and his utter disregard for the
law, was the way Chief Blggy explained
his action, ajid he has declared his inten
tion to make the highbinders behave or to
puffer the consequence. A large number
of arrests were made.
By l o'clock there was a considerable
exodus of Chinese from Chinatown, gangs
of coolies In fear of the officers leaving
the quarter. Acting Chief Biggy made the
declaration that he would not permit the
Chinese celebration of their New Year
holidays under the murderous conditions
prevailing.
fM H^ \^S CATHARTIC
TRADf MAAX Plai»Tl»tO
THE 0. R, & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Sp<»ar-str««t Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr £12 First' Class Including Berth
I AflU $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 13. IS; Feb. 2. 13
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Cutte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
•30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOHK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. PA2I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul... Jan. 17'Pt. Paul Fetfc 7
New York Jan. 21- New York Feb. U
St. Louis Jan. 31! St. Louis Feb. V.
R.ED STAR LINE.
New/ York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Aragonla Jan. lTlWesternland — Feb. T
Frles'.and Jan. 24 I Kensington Feb. li
Southwark Jan. SUNooMland Feb. SI
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjaal. Dawson City
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
New Cable Lines.
France la absolutely dependent upon England
for news of th<» Transvaal war. because the
cables are under her control, and she Is ready
to sp«nd a vast sum of money to free herself.
This Is like many people who, after allowing
dyspepsia to settle upon them, spend a fortune
seeking- deliverance. Pave your money and try
Hostetter's Ftomach Bitters, the medicine which
never falls to c ure dyspepsia, constipation, bil
iousness, malaria, fever and ague.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Branna-n streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calUnj at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honijkonc with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of satllns.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. 11
NIPPON MARU Friday. F»b. *
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelrht and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A*mt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application. ;
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
J C WIT SON & Cfl m BatteT Street.
J-V- TTILJUII tt WJ-, Telephone Main ISM.
©aCSttfJtfl S. S. JToana sails via
jMwnu. Honolulu arv! Auck-
irKlli« land for Sydney Wed-
ti — »w nesday. Jan. 24, at $
rtMryHTMIfW The s - s - Australia
fOdlRafZH- "Wednesday. Feb. 7.
Favorlta Lliw Round th« World, via Hawaii,
Famoa, New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPSECK ELS & BROS. CO.. Aqtv. ?I4 Msntgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freisht (hflcc. 327 Markst St
FURS.
J. 11. LUfJIAi;, rtyi,^ lowtit price* ••mod.ilnf.
IRON. FOUNDERS.' :\!
WESTERN FOUNDRY, '2£K «* 4 '££&
it. Castings of Every Description Mad* to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPBR DEALER'S.
WII f AIHFTTF p uu» and paper co..
nILLAiUCIIC , 72J Montgomery it.
MISS VAN BUREN
IN THE PART OF
COUNTESS GUCKI
The "Winter's Tale"
Revived.
GOOD BILL AT THE ORPHEUM
" LADY WINDERMEEE'S FAN "
HAS ALCAZAR STAGE.
9IJOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
X3OTF' Btrong shoes. TTic: boys' fine shoes, tl; In-
fants* eboes, SSc; children's -shoes. 60c up: la-
dies* flioes. fl; men's boots, special, $1 75. Peo-
p!c's Shoe Store. ISCC Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SJ2W— ELEGANTLY ~fltted~uj> saloon on
best transfer corner of this city; low rent;
bert class of custom; place first-class pay-
Stig, owner to attend to bis ranch cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE, Mi Market «t.
A— sl^oo; SALOON ou Market St., close to Sev-
enth; rent net JSO; splendidly paying place;
other enn iremer.ts cause of sale R G
WILKE. tK>- Market rt.
A— TK,O— BAKERY near McAllister St.; «*t_b-
lithed year-; ail ttore trade; large stock;
r»-nt $2",; 4 >-e»rn' lease; J'j barrels per day.
Call R. O. WILKE. 906 M»rket «t.
S2SO— FIRST-CLASS florist's store; doing a good
•.-.'.••--. rplendld location; owner Koine to
Euro-*-; rent $2tf; 3 Jiving rooms, furnished.
Call It. O. WILKE. i-06 Marke^ »t.
A— XKO: CIGAR and candy store; rent IS); very
Ix-tt location north of Market st. ; a first-claas
j'ayln_ business: lar_e stock. Call R. <i
WILKE. 306 Market St.
A-*;00; FRUIT and grocery, with horse and
t wagon; daily receipts fiO; rent $30; full value
In fieht; a erlcndid' chance. Call R. o
WILKE. 90C Market st.
A-J.W; GROCERY tn Oakland, with horse and
Swago..; rent 110; a good paying business; all
Jr-f-*h rtock. Call It. G. Wilke. !rt»6 Market.
A -WOO; DELICACY rtore and branch baker}-;
Pon Larkin st. ; rent $15; good paying business;
fine place for 2 ladies or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. SO6 Murket et.
A— J2OO; CORNER f_!oon; with private entrance
and rooms; receipts tit per day; more than
value In e'srht; must be nold at once. PACI-
FIC EXCHANGE, 1036 Market et.
FOR sale— A neat fancy dry prods and notion
etore. together with the furniture of 2 rooms
complete; price moderate. 2C09 Folsom et.,
sear Twenty-firEt, at oace.
WANTED
MINERS MINERS
10 MINERS ...-.
For Napa Co.. $52 per month
6 miners, single and double handed, south,
three fourths fare paid, $2 per day; 5 ranch
teamsters, San Mateo Co., $20, steady Job;
woodchoppers. tie makers, shlnglebolt makers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class quartz mill man who
understands amalgamating, $75 and board:
blacksmith and tool sharpener for mine. $65
and board; blacksmith helper, $45; stableman
for private family, $25; milker and assist
buttermaklng, $25: milker and choreman, $25:
boy to drive doctor's buggy. $12 and found:
cooka, waiters, dtshwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT &.CO.. 62? Sacramento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. *J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 153.
BOY wanted at the Union-square Market,
stalls 1 and 3.
TO tailor's cutters — First-class cutter re-
• quired. Apply from 9 to 11 a.. m. to CHARLES
LYONS, 721 Market st.
WAITER for lunch house from 11 a. m to 1
p. m. 116 Drumm st.
WANTED— A tailor who understands operating
. at ladles' tailoring. , 16 Turk st. •
GOOD boy to learn trade; 7 to t a. m. Carson
Glove Co.. 31 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for the city;
good wages. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Sev-
enth St.
SOLICITORS make from $5 to $M a day; some-
thing new. 632 Market St., room 9.
BUTCHER wanted; experienced meat cutter;
reference. Apply box 2536. Call.
WANTED— A man who understands -nursery
wcrk and Jobbing gardening. Call 500 Halght.
SHOEMAKER wanted; steady work. 4102 Nlne-
teenth st. '. r
GRINDERS for barbers' tools; wages from
$16 to $18 rer week. 630 Market St., down-
stairs, v
FIRST-CLASS salesman to take orders for
portraits; chance to make big money. Call at
once, 439 Jessie st., bet: Fifth and Sixth.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. EC2 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED by a wholesale house, experienced
end competent stenographer; able to take
charge of lines of clerical work and general
correspondence; must be rapid and accurate;
good at figures and good penman: permanent
position;- state experience. * references and
salary. expected. Box 2550. Call.
BARBER shop for sale; 15c; very cheap; cash
or partly cash: best reasons 'for selling. In-
qulre at Q. TROST'B. 1532 Mason st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
SOc 562 Mission St.. between l«t and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop with bath in country
town for sale cheap. Inquire 602 Clay. at. .
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EPDY. IS— United States Hotel; rooms $1 SO
•A-e«-k up. with b^ard. S7- 00: suite for two with
board. $12; board, S4 week; raeaJs. 25c; ele-
vator runs all r.!_ht.
j-OTKL FAIRSrOUNT. 3.714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; first-class In every respect;
table unF-jrpassed: hot end cold water: ele-
vetor; suites, with board for 2. $50 month up.
BUSH. 1114— Elegant -suites and single rooms;
beard; bath; grate; sun; beautiful reception
room: references; reasonable. •
NEW family hotel; first -class in all appoint-
ment*; exc-Ueni table; special Inducements to
fHect pecp'e. RO7 California st., occupying
corner ojposite Grace Church.
O'FAHrtELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
•rood home cooking: special rates? to gents.
THE Norrrandle. 526 Eddy— Sumy suites and
eingle rooms; houie completely renovated;
rew carpets; new furniture; excellent table;
n»w menacm ent-
HAIOHT. 222— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable. *
LAS TALMAS. tB» Market rt.— Fuite of 2 or J
rms.; private; bath: «In. rms. : board optional.
DOARDING FOR CMTLDREN.
WANTED— To hoard, by rtay, week, month
MRP J. D. PUTEBBAUOH. 361 Minna st.
CHILDREN boarded: mother's care. IS Dame
trt.. off Church, near Thirtieth.
LADY would like to take f-are of a child; good
hnme. Address C'S Minna st.
TO board— An Infant or rmall child; $19 per
month, m Leiir.rton eve.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL UOOKS bought and exchanged'
Holmes Hook Co.. 704 Mission «t. nnr Th4 r n'
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters and laborers for the Coast Road,
free fare; 20 coal miners, 70c a ton: 4 farmers
for an orchard, 75c a day and board; 10 wood-
choppers, $1 15 a cord; 3 miners, $2 60 a day;
florist and greenhouse man; tinsmith, $2 60 a
day
Camp cook for a railroad camp, $50, see
boss- here. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary-
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-prtoed pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stetnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month.' and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY A CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thlr-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of -Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O*Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LEU & CHASE. 3tf O'Farrell st.
TWO fine Marshall A Wendell uprights; walnut
cases; one walnut Decker A Son almost new;
great bargains. At MAUVAI3'. 763 Market.
FULL value allowed for second-hand pianos in
exchange for new. At MAUVAIS', 769 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
I Chickerlngs. 2 Steinways, 1 Vose & Sons and
50 other slightly used high and medium grade
pianos: special alscounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFQ. CO.. 1Z» Ellis st.
UPRIGHT piano, " Neumann Hamburg" ; pro-
nounced by experts the best in S. F. ; nearly
new. of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $600; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121.
ELEGANT high-grade upright piano offered
for $163; cost $500; immediate sale. Room 10
Flood building.
1*
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 Mr
month. Scott-Curtaa Piano Co.. 560 Hayes «_
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis piano*.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. 1818 Market st.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheaD for
cash. 1319 Powell st. "*
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary St.
BARGAlN— Nice" upright piano; only $60 cash;
•old for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheao
HORN-UNO'S. 218 McAllister st. P "
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H*
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
3-STORY and basement brick building; eleva-
to T'o pted for Blora se or manufacturing-
Mo^Biwr Thlrd; wnt * k
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. *
SUTTER. 717— Very choice for rooms or of-
flces; lent very reasonable.: sunny; also sunny
$5 rooms; please investigate. »unny
R Nor ; f'oU A «re; r t e . ana * tO *««-. A ™**
"teSSPti *.S^5SSr _ft_&T_~-^
993 ™ eac *V««. •»"-
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable, terms;
thorough instruction. Studio 405 Ge*ry,. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 68.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
best help. 414*6 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT American cook, middle-aged,
very active worker, best references, desires a
situation in small family for general house-
work. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st; tel.
Main 5332.
AMERICAN nurse desires place with grown
children; sewing; chamberwork. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell St.; tel. Main 6332.
DANISH girl; speaks German: good needle-
woman, hairdresser; care of child' and light
upstairs work. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell.
SWEDISH house girl, good cook, years' ref-
erence. $20 to $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day; un-
derstands all kinds of work. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
AMERICAN lady desires a position as house-
keeper; a good cook. Address MRS. SOT-
SON, 1716 Park st.. Alameda,
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
or week; good laundress; makes herself gener-
ally useful; beet of references given. Call at
120 Wlldey. near Steiner, bet. Bush and Pine.
NEAT woman wishes a position to assist with
housework or chamberwork: sleep home.
Address MRS. S.. 12C Clara st.
RESPECTABLE flrut-class American woman
wants work in a small family; Is honest and
reliable; please call or write soon. 129 Third
st., room 1, upstairs.
WANTED by a young lady, position as sales-
lady, cashier or any light employment; Oak-
land preferred. Address M. an.JJCK, 1227
• ' Peralta St., Oakland.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a limited number
of engagements by the day; terms $2 a day.
Address 1424 Market st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to ¦do
housework; good cook; city or country. 6CO
Minna st.
A YOUNG lady of experience wishes a position
as housekeeper. Room 17, 402 O'Farrell St.,
top floor.
RESPECTABLE, well-educated young lady
wishes employment of any kind in store or
office; no objection to factory work: refer-
ences. Box 2544. Call.
YOUNG woman with a child 1 year old wishes
situation; no objection to children; speaks
English and German. Call at 2030 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place to assist
with housework or waiting at table. Call
264V4 Tehama st.
YOUNG girl wishes position; housework or
upstairs work. Please call at 1155 Folsom «t.,
rear.
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen; English,
French and German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
MIDDLE- AGED woman: first-class cook: un-
derstands her business; thorough good man-
ager and housekeeper; small • wages where
there are kind and considerate people. Apply
770 Harrison st. ?.*,;-' ¦' *
GERMAN girl wishes a situation In family to
do housework and cook. 2829 Twenty-fourth.
WOMAN with a child desires situation as
housekeeper. Call at 447 Elizabeth st.
YOUNG clrl wishes a situation to do store or
office work. Address box 2537. Call.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all eunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417*4 Third st.
FLAT to good house carpenter; can take part
rent in work. Address box 4256, Call office.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LARKIN, 1304— Modern 6-room flat for rent;
furniture for sale. _"?
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat of T
rooms and bath. 3VJ Scott st. ; $27 60.
MODERN 5-room flat; bath and basement; nice
location. 1807 Eddy at.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 1
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries." 1917 Geary..
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; nice location-;
cheap. Apply 1469 O'Farrell St.. near Bu-
chanan^ . ¦
$B— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl st., oft
Market, near Valencia.
$10— LOWER flat of 4 roomi. 35 Moss St., off
Folsom. near Seventh. '¦ ' ¦ ¦
$16— SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms and porcelain
bath, 1809 McAllister st.
FKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY, illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $1 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 80x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1812 Stockton
«t.. near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4$ 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission at., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 767 Mission: tel. Red. 3355.
nELP WANTED— AGENTS.
RUDOLPH MOHR, real estate, loans, lnsur-
ance. 39 Flood building, Fourth and Market
sts., San Francisco; tel. Main 322.
AGENTS, either sex; city or country; to handle
staple goods; salary or commission. CALI-
FORNIA MFG. CO.. 632 Market st.
HELP "WANTED — FE»*ALE.
A— 2 GERMAN or Swedish cooks, $30 and $35;
4 boarding house cooks, $25 and $30, Institu-
tion. $40; 10 second girls, $25 and $20, city and
country; 6 hotel and boarding house chamber-
maids and waitresses, $20 and $15; 20 house-
work girls, $30, $25 and $20. city and country;
10 young girls to assist. $10, $12 and $15 each.
. city and country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A— INFANTS nurse. $25; nurse, 2 children, $20;
6 young girls as nurses, $15 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. :' X
A— FRENCH second girl, $20 to $25; 2 Irish
second elrls. $15 and $20; 2 German second
Klrls. $25 and $20; G waitresses, hotels and
boarding houses. $20 and $15; .2 restaurant
waitresses. $6 and $7 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
TRUSTWORTHY girl to care for child a*ed 4
years. 448 Fell St. ' •; / " ¦ .<:.
WANTED-A Swedish girl for housework. Ad.
dress 1023 Hampshire st. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new, suitable dry-6 o °ds stores. 828 Harrison.
FOR SALE — Peking spaniel: 6 months old; bred
in German Legation. Peking, China. Box 2545,
Call office.
TOP buggy. $25; black horse, $25; bay mare, $30.
19 City Hall aye.
FOR gale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe arid
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-hamd wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. A driving horses. 15th and Valencia,
ALL kinds of — 'agons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mlsion st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bug-dcs, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 203-557 Tehama St. ; tel. S. 40. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 I4th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4T3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at Be.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St..; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIJCS Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
_ ,™.™™^™
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST -;>*?-?.-
123 TURK' ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skepttcal; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restore* lost affection: if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 to i
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours, 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to t.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes street, room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant;- treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME MORE AU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 72 Fourth et,. near Mlxiton.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. CCS McAllister et.; lsc; come skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-ni_ht; tests; arti-
cles read. 10c; readings. SOc. $1. 34 Sixth st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; t, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister, r 35; admission. 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
et., 30 a. m. to 10 p. m. •:¦, ;•
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings, 25c.
MRS. DU FREE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mall; advice given. 28 7th, room 7.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card. reader;
pant, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
ZtO Ellis st.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction; readings this week 25c. < 230 A Turk.
MRS. WEST returned to 1206 Market, parlor 31;
trance test medium; bom* evenings and Sun.
EXPERIENCED — rocery clerk; country mer-
chandise store; $50; single young roan; Cali-
fornia references: see boss here. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FLATS TO LET.
CLARA. 127— Flat of three nice large rooms;
separate yard; $9.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mail, EOc. 1071V4 Market-
st.., San Francisco: examination free.
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
ROOM suitable for 1 or I in exchange for
assisting boy evenings with studies. 1729*£
Mission st.
HOUSE, 8 rooms; bath: carpets: large lawn;
fine view; see It. 3932 Twenty-fourth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery.
IN the warm belt of the Mission, house of 7
rooms and bath:' rent cheap. 2021 Howard st.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgom-
ery st. •
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally located; » bedrooms; large parlors:
music and dining rooms, etc.; 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny St.: large grounds; rent $12S.
Address, with full name, T. L. HALL, office
317 Mission st.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st.
206 Post. 10 r $4512935 California. < r..515
• 917 Geary. 10 r... 43 1541 Eddy. 6 r 25
2475 Post. 10 r 251 132 Powell. 6 r
FINE bay-window house. 7 rooms and bath,
high basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan .st., near Eutter. Apply 623 Golden
Gate aye.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60.
WELL-FURNISHED house of 10 rooms for five
months; references required. 116. Capp st.
9-ROOM house: 313*£ O'Farrell st.. near Mason;
rear entrance: fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
JEWELRY, WATCHES, ETC.
WOULD like to buy a 2-carat diamond Ad-
dress box 2547. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Sunday evening, black feather boa;
Sixth st., from Howard to Bryant; gift of de-
ceased friend; liberal reward; 109 Morris aye.
LOST— Check lost on Salt Lake Bank for $70.
Return 115 Twenty-seventh St.; reward.
LOST— Watch fob' with lady's photo; liberal re-
ward. AL NEILL, 1446 Market st.
LOST— Saturday. 13th. on north side Market St..
purse containing money and diamond ear-
rings. Reward at 309 Waller st.. or MRS.
MEYER. 1718 Filbert St.. Oakland.
LOST— Package containing coat, etc.; please
. return NE. cor. Lombard and Lyon streets
and receive reward.
CERTIFICATE deposit the Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. No. (3.199, favor E.
L. STRAUSS and transferred to EMILY
STRAUSS, for $230. All persons warned
against negotiating. Return E. L. STRAUSS.
Pacific Stock Exchange.
IF the gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1025 Pine st. ho will
receive reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; safe and reliable; con-
sul ta.tlon free. 1122 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor;, hours. -9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
clallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledce; cure at
office $3; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce in 8. F. Office. 118 Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Po«t st., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8. .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free: success guaran-
teed. -Write or call at 1023H Market st.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years-
call on a physician with man's knowledce-
cure $5; consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market- ladles'
physician; chronic 4'seases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p.- m. ; guaranteed treatment, $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS DR. GWTER, 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin; hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
8. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $30, COO: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal; no
commission; private.' LICK, lIS McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and yon need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
HELP . WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 584J
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
10 laborers, company work, city — 4.
$30 and board
Ranch blacksmith $30 and board
6 miners, single hand $6C
4 teamsters, city work $2 day
15 orchard and vineyard pruners..s26 and fd.
Ranch hands, milkers, chore -men and boys;
also boy to drive milk -.-afron; 150 woodchop-
pers for all parts of California: 4-foot red-
wood, pine and oak, SOc, $1 25 and $1 60 cord;
stove wood. $2 and $3 cord; also 60 tlemakers
and men to make t>osts and pickets, ties 10c
and 12c each, pickets $4 60 per thousand, tools
and provision furnished; boy to learn black-
smith trade. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH helper and wife for ranch. $40;
farmer and wife. $30. MURRAY A READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
TO LET— 9- room house: 313H O'Farrell st..
near Mason: rear entrance. Apply 15 Gran*.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT IS3
6 waitresses, best city hotel, $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, south.
$20; 14 waitresses, first-class commercial ho-
tels, country. $20, $22 60, $25, many of them
fare paid; mother and daughter, cook and
waitress, small country hotel, $45; restaurant
cook, $7 ¦ week ; second cook. 47 week; hotel
help looking for work will do well to visit our
new hotel department. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 second girls, city, $25; waitress
and parlormaid, short distance, $25: 16 wait-
resses and chambermaids, city and country
and restaurants. $20, and $6 a week; 2 res-
taurant cooks. $7 a week; 50 neat -flris for
housework, city and country, $20 and $25. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, San Rafael, $20; Uvermore. $25;
two cooks, $25 and $20; house girl, $30; mid-
dle-acred woman, light housework, country,
$15 to $20; 25 house girls, city, $25 and $20.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on fine coats.
14 Grant aye.. • room 43.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; small
family; -wages $20. Apply at 2342 Post st..
forenoon.
WANTED— An operator on vests; good pay.
. 641% Stevenson St., between 7th and Bth.
FIRST-CLASS Bkirtmaker. Apply at 1264 O'F_r-
rell st.
3 LADIES for the stage;. must be able to »lng;
give full personal description. Box 2541, Call.
S GERMAN girls to take care of children and
assist. 3090 Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; wages $12. 2630 Twenty-first st.
WANTED— A Protestant girl to do housework
In a small family. Apply at 601 Devlsadero.
WANTED— Young girl to do,4reneral housework;
.2 In family. Apply at 242 Frederick st.
WANTED — An apprentice on pants; paid while
learning. Call at £09 Kearny st, room Tl
WANTED — Experienced bookfolders. Book-
bindery, 636 day st.
WANTED— A girl for housework; wages $18.
1620 Post at.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman without chil-
dren for housekeeper in Berkeley. 706 Ellis
St.. city. ¦
WOMAN who wants to take la washing. (49
Howard St.
WANTED— Competent ladles' hairdresser will-
ing to do light housework. Inquire 1016 Mis-
sion at.
WANTED— An apprentice girl on custom coats.
126 Rubs st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking. Apply 2604 California Bt.
GIRL to assist housework; $15. 12U Fell st.
WANTED — Girl to do housework and to sew.
25 Taylor st.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 657 Minna Bt.
YOUNG girl to cars for baby and assist. 118
Bartlett st.
WANTED— An experienced girl on dressmak-
ing. Apply 2421 Clay st.
A NEAT young girl to assist. 1421 Post st.
GIRL to make herself useful; small family;
good home; will clothe her for services. 346
Sanchez st. \ ¦
WANTED— (Either sex) to fold circulars, etc.,
at home, $12 weekly; salary: particulars 2c.
Address The Non-Medlclne Cure Club, P. O.
drawer 942, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced men's neckwear mak-
ers; also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON,
618 Market st.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers! NEW-
BAUER BROS.. IS First st.
GIRL to assist In housework; no cooking. 1308
Buchanan .street.
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at LEVI STRAUSS'
factory. 32% Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, S&H Fremont st.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. • ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; one that cares for
work ; steady Job. 2140 Flllmore st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
Al SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; salary and
commission. Address box 1551. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver .iouse. 217 Third it.; 150 lar.a
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $1 per week.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard's barber shop.
Seventh and Mission ets.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: constant practice; expert in-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
lnducemtns this month; call or write for free
•illustrated catalogue. HOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, C 35 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art. :
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
MAN to solicit for the Weekly North Beach
News: no experience necessary. Apply 5U
Filbert st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD * CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 BINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 13c and 23c
per night. Linden. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH, of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
• northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
• tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
THOROUGHBRED brood mare, by Prince- Nor-
fork, dam Lady Stasy, cheap; I years. 19
City Hall aye..
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16H; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. G. aye.
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms $850
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms 325
New fiat; rent $14 , t rooms 250
Market St.; rent $75 26 rooms 850
Corner only; $3CO cash 16 rooms 800
Clearing $1CO; rent $50 26 rooms 650
Boarding: corner house 32 rooms 2000
Hotel and bar; 65 boarders 69 rooms 400
100 other houses 3 to 500 rooms; $50 to 10,000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS. PRICE
AND LOCATION.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. sth st.
EXCELLENT chance; clears $140; 29 rooms.sl6oo
Paying house; clears $125: 22 rooms 825
Bargain; corner house; $50; 22 rooms 850
Sacrifice; $125 cash; 10 rooms 250
Fine view; $600 cash; 14 rooms 1200-
Elegant dining-room. 100 chairs, good busi-
ness $500; we have a large number of houses
now for sale; money to loan on furniture and
household goods; telephone Red 1330. Asso-
ciated Rental and Real Estate CO.. 743 Mis-
sion St.
IS ROOMS; income $500 $2000
53 rooms; cheap rent 1800
17 rooms: good transient 450
26 rooms; good transient 1050
13 rooms: good furniture 425
GALE A BENSON, 320 Parrott bldg.
37-ROOM house: central location; clears $150
per month; any reasonable offer considered.
GALE & BENSON, 320 Parrott building.
9 ROOMS; house? Jones; rent $32 50 $325
29 rooms; house; Jones; rent $80 $1150
9 rooms; Post; sunny: good furniture $350
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
32 ROOMS, new furniture; rent $100; half cash.
bal. 1 per cent. C. P. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
21 ROOMS; fine transient: a big bargain. $SOO.
C. P. DAVIS. 1104 Market St.
37 ROOMS; Taylor St.. nr. Sutter; will suit nice
family: half cash. $2400. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; rent $40 $350
21 rooms; all rented; rent {45 l rf >
40 rooms; fine location; rent $75 1000
100 rooms at great bargain: rent $200 3600
65 r.; rent $10«>: $1700.. BASVL.E. » Eddy st.
$2200— PART cash: 42 rooms: best location north
Market; finely fur.; all rented. Baslle. 3 Eddy.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: $200 up; 1 to 98
rooms: easy terms on any house.
LODGING-HOUSE. 129 Third at.; 18 sunny
rooms; price $300; rent $43.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard st.. corner Third.
; '\ '¦-;>. "MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS M. WEGENER— Prtvats horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easen of th« hnman body. 115 Mason «t.
3IETAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: fre«\ clinic Tues. evg. 306 LarKln.
******************~***************************~********~***************************"*********^^^^^
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; JO cents per share or monthly install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St., rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
A GROUP of the copper claims next Iron
Mountaln mine in Shasta County to be had
for cash cheap. Address Owner, room IT. Z«>
Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOsrf & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, offlc* furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and- fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ANOTHER Smith Premier typewriter; fine or-
der; get price. L i 11. ALEXANDER, 110
Montgomery st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. 'WHITELAW. 218 Spear st. t
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', tha
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th»
Walts Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced! to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A BREECHLOADING shotgun for $13: cost
originally $32. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— 2 black and tan thoroughbred pups.
I months old. WM. QUEEN. 713 Mission, st.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 T&. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 130 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR 3. 613 Montgomery st.
BOILERS engines, drill presses, planers.lathes.
iron A wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W.-C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electricat supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
\V A NTED— Second-hand rolled top desk:
cheap; cash. W. JOHNSON. Martinez. Cal.
WANTED— Turbine cream separator. In good
condition. Address box 2555. Call oflce.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters,' falls; call early. £3
Gclden Gate aye,
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Storw. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount; ( per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice fre«. G. E.
OLSEN,. room 16. first floor, Chronlcl* bldg.
AVOID delay; try all, others, then see me; $50
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages,estates in probate, undivided Interests tn
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: l3t. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate tn pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 84 Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest "price .for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. ». respectable private place
to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
COOK for 15 men on orchard, $35 and found.
$1 fare
Waiter, country hotel, south, $30, fare paid;
laundryman, $25: cooks, city and country, $35,
$40 and $50; bakers and baker's helper, hog
butchers, etc.; waiters, city and country,
dishwashers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
men with $0000 each to Join advertiser, who
will put up like amount, to engage in mercan-
tile business in Cape Nome; the advertiser has
been in Alaska and has good business connec-
tions in San Francisco. C. A., box 4252. Call.
J2SOO— GROCERY business in one of the beat
country towns; fine modern store in center of
town: plenty of room to add general stock.
Inquire at SO Lafayette St., city.
PROSPEROUS restaurant. 4 rooms. 1909 McAl-
lister st.. half block from carhouse, for sale
cheap on account of sickness; rent reasonable.
DELICACY, bread, candy, milk; will positively
be i»M this week; account sickness; milk
pays rent. Call 410 Brannan 6t., near Third.
FOR sale— Peddling route; wagon, team, stock:
dry -oods, notions: owner made $7000 in S
years. C. G. C. Valleton. Cal.
BEAUTIFUL tailor store; must be sold at
1 once: fine business: rent only $7 a month;
party going away. Box 7142, Call office.
DRUG store; Park st. and Railroad aye., Ala-
meda; a paying business; below invoice; good
reasons; investigate.
EXPERIENCED partner to open restaurant,
coffee saloon. Address bo- V>~,\. Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying saloon. $225; cause, sick-
ness. Box 2".58. Call office.
WANTED— To lease paper route. Box 4278,
Call office.
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnished : rent $75; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. o. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HEALr/S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.— |
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
¦wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres:
life scholarship $50, includes all branches.
WANTED — Immediately, a good commercial
teacher. Address, with reference, D. C. TAY-
LOR. Vallejo. Cal.
A— Singing, piano, French Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-6.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month; appointments by mall. SO4 Taylor st.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing 1 :
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; violln.mandolin.gultar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College, 305 Larkin St., opp.' City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
PAPERHANGER with tools, best references,
wants work by day or contract. Write AN-
TON, 1200 Lacuna st.
RELIABLE young man desires employment as
private male nurse; recommendations. Box
2542, Call.
GENTLEMAN nurse wants care ot invalid.
Box 2541. Call.
PAINTER wants situation; good all-round
man; will work reasonable. Address box
2640, Call.
BARTENDER, town or country; single, mid-
dle-aged; references and ispeaks German.
Bartender, 87 Third st.
AN all-around shoemaker wants a position in
an Institution: can teach boys to make shoes
of the best class; can also handle razor and
scissors. Address All Around Shoemaker,
474H Jessie st.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address box
4L'63 Call office.
BARBER wants position in country; 12 years'
experience. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204 Turk
St., room 15. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office fer the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opeaed
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; ODen till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A EACRIFICIS ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS.
$2500— Business receipts $40 dally, net profit
of $200 a month; a give away for .$1250; trial
given. KREDO &. CO.. 22H Geary st.
$1750— HOTEL: 29 rooms; good bar trade.
JsCo— Partner: transfer and storage; money se-
cured; rare chance. KREDO Ie CO.. W% Geary.
$400— RESTAURANT; $40 dally: $123; coffee par-
lor. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.. room 29.
$75— BRANCH bakery and stationery; don't miss
this; 2 rooms. KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary st.
CORNER grocery; full stock; sickness cause.
See COWING L CO.. 1130 Market st.
CANDY store; central part city; mutt sell.
COWING &. CO.. 1150 Market st.
A— s7oo; CORNER saloon; splendid location;
among factories: hot lunch: more than "falue
in Eight; sacrifice on account of other busi-
ness. STENHERG CO.. 26^ Kearny st.
A— s3oo- PARTNER .wanted"; restaurant; good
honest man to attend cash counter and look
after help; part payment taken out of the
business. STENBERG CO.. 26H Kearny st.
$250-SALOON; bargain: this day: Mitlsfactory
reaeon for filing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market Bt. __________——————
$350— BLACKSMITH shop and wagon business;
bargain: on account of departure. McLAUOH-
LIN & CO.. 777.i Market st.
FOR sale— Good business opportunity: will pay
$300 to $600 monthly; very little money re-
quired down: no experience needed; every,
thing rew: the best of reasons for selling,
can be handled In your own locality; Bend this
ad. and address Drawer 146. Chicago. 111.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in splendid manufac-
turing business; whole amount to be put Into
the business; a monopoly and plenty or dusi-
ness in sight; no agents. Box 2543. Call.
J2STO CASH will purchase dry f°° a «-_, P°^!°S S
and bazaar store: established 10 years: brok-
ers need n<}t answer. For Interview address
B. C. Call office. __^
CAPE NOME-Complete map. history and
mining laws: mailed to address for 26c J.
T. FLYNX", publisher. 11 Montgomery st-.S.F.
FOR f?ale— Grocery and saloon at a bargain; on
account of sickness. Inquire WITZEL &
BAKER. 314 Battery st.
WANTED— Restaurant outflt; will pay 25 per
cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San Carlos
avenue. ____
$2no— HOME bakery: fine location; low rent;
kept busy. Particulars at 9 Geary, room 2.
BRANCH bakery for sale; furniture, stock and
fixtures; cheap. Apply 1074 Harrison st.
SALOON, club, billiard room and cigar store;
investigate. 433 Fourth st.; no agents.
CIGAR stand and laundry office at 11 Eddy
pt.; a bargain If taken Immediately.
FOR sale — Branch bakery and notion store;
suitable for bakery. 1606 Foliom st.
I WANT to buy a paying cigar stand. Box
2T.41. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquire at 711
Valencia st.
$6000— A FIRST-CLASS family hotel; patronized
by best class of people; good paying business;
selling on account of sickness. R., box 2677,
Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply 181 Ellis St.. or
Cv rt I n & Beale's. rm. 24. 3d floor. Mills bldg.
LIGHT manufacturing business for sale: im-
mense profits; suitable for lady or gentleman:
—•ill stand thorough Investigation: death and
-sickness cause for selling; or would take part-
ner who would take entire charge of the busi-
ness ; half interest for $2500. Box 2556. Call.
$7500— A FIRST-CLASS cloak and dress suit
business, established 16 years, tn one of the
l*tt county seat towns of this State; enly
reason for selling, want to retire and enjoy
life; will take part In exchange. Room 323,
Parrott bldg., San Francisco^
WANTED— A man with $1200 to $1500 to buy
half-interest in loan office and Jewelry store;
is fine paying bustners; must be watchmaker
and Jeweler; must have first-class references;
can Investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
business; has too much for one rcan to han-
dle now. Address HAMMOND, 37 East Main
¦St., Stockton. '
CAPE NOME— Buslnes man with $10,000 or two
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITPALIS3I.
MRS. MARY EVANS: sittings dally; circle at
2 and 8; also Monday, evening^
MME. SHAFFER.' clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlr.gs dally. 212*4 Sixth et. '
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 250 up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hua-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. •
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage;- 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. -T. sr^nGGlNS^^dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from COc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that flt from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stroneer than rubber; warranted for 20
years; fllllnirs, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all work
f>ainless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids:., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth,
without plates our specialty: ffold crowns.
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G..W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
Dr! LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenlnes and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 2Sc.
LOWEST prices in 8. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without Plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IMI Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlor* 1 , Inc.; t graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER directly from the East would
like a few places to go out by the day; termß
reasonable. Call or address MRS. HATCH.
485 Geary st.
SUITS made on short notice, $3; skirts, 76c;
-wrappers $1. 273 Minna st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st. : dresses
made, $5 up: dresses made over; perfect flt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits. $1 50; all
animals treated: doers boarded. Tel. West C3B.
EDUCATIONAL.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A COMPETENT Norwegian chambermaid and
waitress desires situation- best of references.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter et. ¦
A COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; 3 years in last
place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires a situa-
tion; good cook and houseworker; best of
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires engage-
ments In families; good reference; terms $2
per day. 589 O'Farrell st. -
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, ironing or housecleaning: $1 per day
and carfare. Address box 2538, Call.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleaning. Call at 808 Folsom st.
WOMAN with a child would like position as
housekeeper; city or country. Call or address
720 Laurel aye. . .
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing: $1 per day and car fare; good refer-
ences. Address box B, Call Branch, 300
Hayes et.
RELIABLE! woman, good cook, will do house-
work: kind to children; city or country; ref-
erences; wages $20.. Call 16 Willow aye.
RESPECTABLE German girl, Just arrived
from the East, desires position; general house,
work; small American family; good cook.
references. 1042. McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman with
a child of 5 years as working housekeeper in
widower's family. Apply 802 Montgomery st.
A SITUATION wanted by a first-class laun-
dress; best references; city or country. Box
2520. Call. *_ '
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light housework;
good reference. 618 O'Farrell Bt.
SITUATION wanted by a German-Swiss maid;
speaks French and Italian; has knowledge In
traveling. Box 2589. Call office.
YOUNG colored woman would like to do house-
work or take care of children. 'Call 608
Cheetnut St., near Powell.
RESPECTABLE Irish girl, lust arrived, de-
sires a place in good family; outside city
preferred; wages no object; references. Box
2585. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation as work-
ing housekeeper in sickness or as nurse. Ad-
dress 815 Alabama St., near Twentieth.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a posi-
tion in small family; plain cooking and light
housework. 121 Powell st., room 29.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer d»-
Blres work by the day In families or at home;
fitting and satisfaction guaranteed. 1127 Ellis.
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist
in housework or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at 649 Valencia st.
WANTED— By a young lady of education and
refinement, a position of trust; housekeeper,
companion, office work; • country preferred.
Box 2573. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work; Is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at 613 Ninth St.. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night: SI 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
•nd baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
•northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 d. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aud
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlfement* and subscriptions has been opened
st 1523 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE}.
A NO. 1 Hotel cook wants a position in a first-
class country hotel; state wages. Address
Cook. Male. 323 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS meat cutter wishes position
either city or country. Box 2533. Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
¦BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Esn Francisco
Call, comer at Market end Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until *:3J p. to.
C3S McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS L«rk!n rtreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
1541 Mission Etreet; op»n until 10 p. m.
"XI il=rk«t street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i>. m.
LOS Eleventh street ¦ "or'n until 9 p. m.
ICoC Valencia Etreet; open until ip. m
1223 P.V.k street; open until 3 P- m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky strwts; oj>en until 9 p. m. ¦:¦'<¦
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. «
will n.ott THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _/V_
IN<; Januan 16, nt 7:3') o'clock. .Stated TtJ\
me. ilr\-r and M. M. degree. By order / >
of tie 11. V.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN OATE Lodsre No. SO. F. and fi
A. M.— Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J\»
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Second df-gree. 7__jT
GEO. J. HOI3E, Sec. /Vl
PACIFIC Lodge No. 126. F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVENING,
at ~.'i',' o'clock, for int-trurtion. liLj\
GEOIiGE PENLINGTON. Sec /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. B
11. -Third cegree THIS (TUESDAY* __fV_
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. 74_5C
A. K. HUBHARD, Sec. I^W >
OFFICERS and members of
¦ Franco- American Lod;e No. 207, aßff~~ffleu
I. O. O. F.. are requested to meet
at Fraternal Hall, corner Seventh ""V/vav*
end Market tts., on January 17, 1900, at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late and
l*loved bnxber, Eli-NEST JACQUOT. By or-
der of E. DAUCHER,
A. L. AL'RADOU. Rec. Sec.
CALIF RNIA Council ¦>• t^'p-^SSBTT***-
£3O, National L*ni n. "::i
conduct the funeral serv- > "<^Ti ¦ ¦'¦ '^1 _k
Ice* of Frier.d J. M.
SEMERIA from his late residence,- 1029 Clay
Ft., WEDNESDAY. Jan. IT. IiWO. at S a. m.
Members are ursred to attend.
DR j R. Ci NOHMAN. president Institute of
Arurvrda f__« Market Ft.). Hon. physician
to the Buddliist missions in America, will
lecture in the MisM^n Hall. 802 Polk st.. on
the Ayurveda of India and Its application in I
the cay of chronic diseases; TO-NIGHT at
£ o'clock.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific— The
annual election of directors and councilors
of this Bocl-ty will !>e hold on TUESDAY,
January 16. -t the rooms. Merchants' Ex-
chanre building. 425 California Bt. Polls open
from noon till 6 p. m. Annual meeting a; 8.
By order,
GEORGE DAVIDSON, President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE. Secretary^
•THE Caiiforria Pebris Commission, having re-
ceived application* to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. F. Cowdery. _. the Lucky
Point mic«. near St. Louis, Sierra Co., to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit; from Chas.
S. Diesem in the Itlifle I'oint claim, at Grass
Flat, Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in Grass
Flat R&vine; from Morris J. Williams, in the
Weeds Point mine, near Camptonvllle. Yuba t
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine, and from I
E A. tfoofly in the Insklp placer mine, at i
Gold Run. Placer Co.. to deposit tailints In j
Squires Ravine, fives notice that a meeting
« ill be held at' rt.om 5?. Flood buildinjt, San
Frar.cisoo. Cal.. oa January 29, 1»»J. at 1:30
y m.
ANNTAL me-tlrj;.— Th« postponed annual
meeting of th* stockholders of the KILAUEA
Sl'-JAU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the office of the company. No. 327
Market street. Pan Francisco. California, on
THURSDAY, the *:r,th day of January. 1900,
ct the hour of n o'clock a. m., for the pur-
;i 5c ct electing a board of directors to serve
(for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
purh other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. January 33. 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL n.eetinjr— The regular annual' meeting
of the sto^khold^TF of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will t>e held at the office of
the corr.-jar.y. 3*T7 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
Cal.. en MONDAY, the 22d day of January,
2K4. at the hr'jr of 31 o'clock a. m ., for the
purpose cf electing a bn_rd of directors to
Ffrve for the enduing year and the transac-
tion of su' h other bu^iriesß as may come be-
fore the n-.eetirur. Transfer books will close
en FRIDAY January IS. 1900. at i o'clock
p. in. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-.
tPTOCKKOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
!r._ of the ftockholiers of the UNION IRON
WORK'S will be h«-ld at the office of the com-
fpar.y. !22 Market »t.. San Francisco, on TUES-
DAY January 23. IJ^C. at 11:30 o'clock a. m..
for trie purpose cf ejecting a board of dlreetors
tfto s?rv« for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come bercre the meeting. i
J. 08. GTJNN. Secretary. I
Office. !r*3 Market Et.. San Francisco. C_l. 1
January 9. IMX).
ASTROLOGY.
rrXiF. A. KASKRY of Eeypt. preateet astrolo-
Cist ar.d !_lmist in the world; satisfaction
_i-3ra-t«"'<l ATT. Ociden Gat» aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without succfss; collections. G. W.
lIO'.VE, atty at law. ESS Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed rirartlr-e at ***! Cal. Et.. Clunle bldg.
L. P. CLARK. Frr.ma Spreckels bldg.. 927 L.Ma-
rket Ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
\<
10IIEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE:.
FOR exchange— Los Angeles Income property,
•:lear. for Oakland or San Francisco property.
Tl'hat fcava you? Box 2ZU, Call office.
y^"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispfcnsary,
e JHC>2oKEABXTJiiT. Established
Mrlirl£a in 1854 to J the treatment of Private
fvt LfK-ftJßf I>!se»sM, Lost Manhood. Debility or
sWWgg»dMease»7earingoiibodyandm!nda!id
mMmMIM Skin Diseases. The doc torenreawhru
others fail. Try him. Charges low
wNWflgiaW riirf»rn»r»Bl»fd. Callorwrlte.
Or. J, k'. *>IBJB«>>, Box 1937, 5aa i'raocUca
MOUNT TAAIALPfUS SCENIC RfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Pays 9:>o a. ra. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p.m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
¦Fare — San Francisco to Summit and Keturn.
$140.
MARRIED.
BARTH— PRICE— In this city, January T, 1900,
at Central M. E. Church, by the Rev. S. D.
Hutsinplller. George F. Barth and Maria M.
Price, both of San Francisco.
BYER— MYERS— In this city, January 11, 1900,
at Central M. E. Church, by the Rev. 8. D.
' Hutsinplller, Allison F. Byer and Mrs.
Amanda R. Myers, both of Byron, Cal.
FREUUENTHAL— WOODALL — December 24.
1899, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Felix Freuden-
thal and'Mirtam T. Woodall.
HOLTHSTEN— MONTGOMERY— In El Paso,
January 8, 1900, George Holthsten of El Paso
and Elvie Montgomery of Oakland.
McCLURE— MONTI— In this city. January t,
ISOO, at Central M.' E. Church, by the Rev.
S. D. Hutslnpiller, Stewart McClure and Mm.
Frances Monti, both of San Francisco.
MILLER— HOPF— In this city. January 10, 1900.
at the Church of the Advent, by tha Rev
Herbert Parrish, Otto A. H. Miller and Annie
H. Hoof.' both of San Francisco.
PIERCE— RUTAN— In this city. January L
1900, by the Rev. Aaron Williams, A. Lincoln
Pierce of San Francisco and Emma F L.
Rutan of. Vallejo.
SIEVERS— SIEVERS— In thlB city, January 13.
IUOO. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold. John Sievers
of vAritona and Catharine Slevers of San
Francisco.
WILLIAMS— MOSER— In this city, January 9
1900. by the Rev. 8. D. Hutsinplller, John j'
Williams and Louisa R. Moser. both of San
Francisco.
WYATT— DOUI>— In this city. January 10, 1900,
by th© Rev. Father Ryan, Henry C. Wyatt
and Carrie Louise Doud..
WYNNE— ASKJEM— In this city. January 13,
1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Roland J.
Wynna and Inga Carolina Askjem.
KI2WI.IG MACIUMSS AMI M-I'l'Lll-:.*
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine
supplies. Standard Agency. 145 Sixth St.;
phona Mint 45.
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres.
Bush street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will b« celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHWETZER— In this city, January 15. 1900.
David, beloved son of Jacob and Caroline
Shvretzer, a native of Sacramento City. Cal.,
aged 41 years.
STAMM— In this city. January 15. 1900, Alvlna
Helena Stamm, beloved daughter of Chris-
tian W. and Emma Stamm. and sister of
Emma A. Stamm. a native of San. Francisco,
aged c months and 4 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 15. 1900, John
Sullivan, a native of Maine, aged 89 years.
TRITTENBACH— At Quartz Mountain. Tuol-
umne County, Cal.. January 15. 1900, Mrs.
Florence Trlttenbach. loarly beloved wife of
Albert Trlttenbach. a native of Sonora. Tuol-
umne County, Cal., aged 33 years and 16 days.
WETHERED— James Sykes Wethered died ln
his seventy-sixth year at his home. 2109 Pa-
clllc avenue. January 14. 1900. He leaves a
¦widow, one son. Woodworth Wethered. and
three daughters, Mrs. H. Martinez, Mrs. Ee-
llm Woodworth and Mrs. Emll T. Kruse.
(Maryland papers please copy.)
(C7"Ftineral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence. Interment
private.
YOUNG— In this city, January 15, 1300. Mary
0.. beloved daughter of Mary and the lato
James Young, sister of James Young and the
late Mrs. J. Milieu and Clara B. Young, and
granddaughter of Mrs. B. Donovan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 18 years and S months.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk., mo.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; eend for him. 506 Kearny.
COAST 111 VISION 1 V.rroiT iiasge).
(Footcf Market Street.)
CLAY. 2421. ne»r Fillmore— 2 large unfurnUhed
rooms: yard: water: rear; rent $7.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MCTHTB!! PACIFIC C4»3Yl>A2rr.
(PACiriC STSTEIi.)
Trmlas Imt* nnd art tine tm n-rl »• »(
(Vain line. Foot cf il.irkc.S Street)
MRS. PR. E. I. WILLIAMS gives electriolty
for rheumatism, and ladles' specialists. 1055
Market st.
KtNRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORB AND KMBALMERS,
SO Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School, ¦
Telephone South 80.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Slaking Opium Illicitly.
Special Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas
yesterday swore to a complaint charging
Charley Hing -with having manufactured
opium unlawfully, and the accused wjlb
turned over to the custody of United
States Marshal Shine. Hlng was arrested
last Saturday evening by the police. He
was found in possession of a large num
ber of opium cans on which the labels and
stamps bad not been destroyed, and he
had also a small quantity of . manufac
tured opium.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
G. S. Holmes of Salt Lake City is at the
Palace.
Sig. Wormse*, a merchant of Fresno, U
at the Lick.
A. J. Brander and wife are registered at
the California.
W. P. Harkey, Sheriff of Yuba County,
Is at the Russ.
S. R. Porter of the Ballol mine Is at
the Occidental.
A. B. Butler, the vtneyardist of Fresnd,
is at the Palace. i .
William Sims, a capitalist of Winters, la
stopping at the Russ..
C. C. Spinks, a merchant of Hanford, Is
registered at the Lick.
G. S. Holmes, a hotel proprietor of Salt
Lake City, is at the Palace.
W. M. Boggs, a prominent merchant of
Napa, is stopping at the Russ.
G. A. Leadbetter, a paper merchant* of
Seattle, is stopping at the Palace.
George J. Ritter, agent for the Giant
Powder Company, returned from Mexico,
Institute Lectures.
.'a he lecture bureau of the Young Men's
Institute, composed of Theodore J. Sav
age, president; S. R. O'Keefe, vice presi
dent; George A. Stanley, secretary; W. T.
Aggeler, treasurer, and J. J. O'Toole/
Samuel Hasklns, John Rlley, F. J. Dn»
coll, R. H. Hammond. Rev. Philip O'Ryan
and A. F. St. Sure, directors, has arranged
the following course of lectures; Catholi
cism, "The Church of Ages," by Rev.
Peter C. Yorke, for January 29; Catholi
cism and conduct, "The Christian Citi
zen," Judge Frank J. Murasky, February
12; Catholicism and science. "The Har
mony Between Natural and Revealed
Truth," Rev. Henry C. Wyman, C. S. P.,
February 26; Catholicism .and reason,
"Why I Am a Catholic," Henry C. Dllllon,
March 12, and Catholicism and human
destiny, "The True Solution of the Great
est Problem of Life," Rev. Joseph Sasia,
S. J., March 26. These lectures will be be
fore local councils at Metropolitan Tem
ple on the dates named.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— D. O. Robinson
and wife of San Francisco are at the Im
perial; C. C. Mac Donald of Ban Francisco
is at the Normandle.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprings and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytto:*
for Lytton Spring*: at GeyservUle for Skag^a
Springs: at Clnverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
toad for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyrllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lali*-
rort and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
pi-lngs, Saratoga Springs. Rlue Lakes. Laursl
pell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pumo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerl<?y*s.
Buclcnell'a. Sanriedrin Heights. Hullvtlie. Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. WUlltts. LaytonvlUa. Cum-
Clings . Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen' s. Dysr.
ficctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tleketa at r«-
sluced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all pctata
fcevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. Cd Market St.. Chronlola hide
PL C WHITING, R. X. RTA.V.
General Manasw. Can. Pa**. AsnlW .
California i imited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CIiECAGO
This Is the quickest running 1 and most
luxurious train acros* the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fkakciscoi
5 P.fl. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leares San Francisco at 5:30
PXPDFSS P« m - witl » Palace and Totmst
r»A 11 v cars {or Kansas City, St. Loaia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tularo do Aft
aad BaJ^ersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
•PCKrO (OON Market Street. Phone Mai a
rKI 7° J>OOiN 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacrament*, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
SDRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via SsMUksUto Parry.
Commencing October 1. ISS9.
ST.OM SAN FRANCIFCO TO MILL VALLJ3T
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. *»:30. 11:00 a. nj.; »l:4i.
•»:40, 6:13. «:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Fan Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
At «:C0 and U:SO p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. 13:00, «ll:30 a. m.; «I:iJL
t:l5, "4:45, «:30. »:0O p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Qnentln
&TROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »«:35. 7:45. •S:4O a. m.l
•12:30. 2:15, »3:40. *5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at S:4Q and 10:15 p. ra.
6UN DAYS— 6:2O. •8:00> •10:00. "11:45 a. m.-
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. **:20 p. m. *
Trains marked f»> start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:15, 9:45 a. ra.j
12:35. *:35, 3:45, 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
i&'^p?^ 05 ' 10:C3 *• m - : 12:05 - 2:u - "^
THROUGH TRAINS.
fIOO a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
IMOp. m. Saturdays— Tomales and vay station^
1:00 a. m. Suadara— Tomale« ¦.n.l j^y juUc&sV
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
$3750— L0T and »-story brick house; sunny elde
gouth Park, near Third st.; 8 rooms; also
large shop in rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON &. CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
MODERN eottare : 8 rooms; cable line; hot-
house: chicken yard; garden; $2250 H J
6EEGELKEN. «2S Jackson st.
$125— f>x70; EAST side Roecoe st., 75 feet south
of Benton aye.. Holliday mis A. CHAS C
FISHER, €24 Market rt.
WANTED— I or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping. Box 2549. Call. -¦ _-¦-
ROOMS WANTED.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
R D Stephens. Sacto
H O Coykendall, Mo
E W Runyon. Rd Bluff
W E Lovdal, Sacto
S Morrison & w, Japan
H B Wood & w. S Josa
T Thompson, Portland
Dr J S Taylor, USA
F T Mofflt, Oakland
J F Watson. Portland
W Worcester. N V
L R Freeman, Portlnd
G S Holmes, Salt Lake
W Bailey, Los An*
H C Drucker, Cln
C L Hansen, Bakersfld
V L BuecK China
F A Leadbatter A w,
Portland
W E Guerln. Seattle
J Leary & w, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL. i.
T R Wllcox ft w. Or
Mrs H C Wilson. Or
F E Wadsworth. Cal
C Meyer, New York
Mrs M Burnside. Seattl
C E Burnside & w,
Seattle
Mrs S Baker, Seattle
Mrs G Loomls. Menlo
L Sickles, Kansas City
H M Yerinjrton. Colo
H Sugel & w, N V
J Smith, Fresno
F W Watson. Stanford
E H Cramp. Memphis
Miss Dexter, Denver
R S MacDougall. Cal
W J Carlisle. Los Ang
W O Curtis A. w. Cal
W Weinmann, Denmrk
M Frankenart & w, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
B Slusher. Rio Vista
Miss Abrams, Auburn
M S Robbins, Chicago
G Johnston & w, Cal
W B Rucker. Cal
J McDonnell, Mtnlo Pk
V Hook, Hookston
8 C Cornell, Merced
J C Dornln, Taooma
G Uhl. Cal
J L Watson, Sas
F C Smith, Portland
L X Prince. Boston
D X Minor. Arcata
Mrs Minor, Arcata
S R Bucks, N V
J W Rea, Ban Joee
M J Grammont, Chgo
J Clark. Portland
W F Barnes. Portland
W A Sherman, Astoria
J D Barry. Cal
Miss M C Kinsey, Or
Mrs P B Kinsey, Or
R L Quackenbush, P I
G A Adams, San Jose
P W Morse, Watsonvll
H L Wrlnkel, Keeler
W Robertson. Oshawa
W J Hill. Olympla
F W Bullock, Woodlnd
A E Early & w, N T
R C Yates. Detroit
J L Dom. Baltimore
F J O'Hara, N T
C R Rush. Yokohama
A G Denning-ton 8 Jose
Mrs Dennlngton. S Jose
W Kamman Russia
B Tschepel, Russia
X Toll, Korea
S Blum, Martinei
L Katr, Sutter Creek
D Donley. San Jose
V Hooper, Napa Co
O W Ashley, Chicago
J F Lewis. Colfax
H L Kopp, Sonora
H W Estes, Santa Rosa
H O Turner, Modesto
J E Ward, Modesto
R Lansen & w, Stcktn
J H Smith & w, Stcktn
J O Dea, Stockton
Geo P Akerly. Los Ang
John Beaton, Chicago
wheTe he has been for the last six
months, and is stopping at the California.
J. H. Wirley and family arrived on the
China yesterday and are at the Occi
dental.
Dr. and Mrs. O. Nouhod arrived from
Germany yesterday and are stopping at
the Palace.
"William Bayley, the mining man, came
up from Los Angeles yesterday and is at
the Palace.
S. Comstock, the cattle buyer, came up
from San Jose yesterday and is stopping
at the Russ.
W. A. Bissell, assistant traffic manager
of the Santa Fe lines, returned from Los
Angeles yesterday.
W. Kamman and B. Tchpeh, who are ln
the Russian) diplomatic service, are reg
istered at the Grand.
"Walter J. Wiley of the San Francisco
Breweries Limited, has returned from a
longr trip throughout the Northwest.
. Three Russian army officers. Lieuten
ants N. Philipoff, D. Phlllpoff and G.
Danovsky, were passengers on the China,
which landed in this city yesterday after
noon.
Captain David Wallace, accompanied by
his wife, has returned from a trip to Paso
Robles. Before leaving for their Seattle
home they will stay a few days at the
California.
A number of missionaries arrived on the-
China yesterday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs.
Vlnton of Burmah, Dr. J. H. Wirley of
China, Miss L. E. Case and Miss Emily
Brown of Japan, Mr. and Mrs. Davies
and Mr. and Mrs. Paul of China composed
the party. They will remain ln this city
for some time en route to their homes ln
the East.
MISSION, I729\i— Rooms euitable for 1 or I in
exchange for evening with studies.
MINNA. 727H— Sunny double room for one or
two gentlemen; gas; bath; rent $«.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week: transient.
MARKET. S3s— Furnished front room; above
Hale Bros. Apply 108 Eddy st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
6 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Sutter-st. corner investment. 13^ front by
(7U Jeet <se*p; covered with 6 good houses; rents
1217 60; paye g p«r cent net: $25,500.
Corner California and Buchanan sts.: '4x70.
and fine residence, 14 rooms and 2 baths; $lS,OOd.
Clay rt.. near Polk, 42xl^Vk and S houses;
rents 177; reduced to $10,260.
Poet-tt. residence, near Van Ness aye.; XPiix
120: 12 rooms: reduced to JSSOO.
McAllister Bt. ; f.ne corner flats; rents $116;
lot 3T ; iXIXf; this 6Jde Devleadero St.; $17,000.
Webtter st. ; I houses; rents $100; 6 rooms and
bath in each; large lot; J18.6W.
Ellif-et. corner, near Franklin: 84xl»; ha-
provemer.ts; rents $106; $25J0 lately epeat oa
the property; J15.600.
Very fine residence and lot; north side Cali-
fornia et.. near Buchar.&n; 27^x137^; tha house
Is a stylish and very solid one; rents 155; $8500.
Washlngton-et. residence; S9000; nearly new;
i Etjry, bacement and attic, 8 rooms, basement,
etc.: flna home in a rood neighborhood; be-
tween Scott and Derissdero sts.
-.• r. Gate-avc t-etory resldenc*. sear
Gough et. : 27Hxin>; 8 rooms, etc; $7500.
Two Polk-st. fiats, near Eddy; each lot 27% x
E2H: flats: rents JS$: $12,000 each.
Post st. : 71x137H and fine 2-* tory eottaxa; fine
grounds; JSCM); make offer.
tl2.sC>o— Rents $SK>; residence and Cats; lot Elx
120 to rear street: Fe*.l Bt., north side, between
Buchanan &nd Webster.
Washington st., near Brod«rlck: tIXjdSX);
rents $S3; $:2,(KW.
Corner Plrie and FTasklln: Ct%xUo, with good
residence; rant $90; $30,000.
THOMAS MAGCT A SONS
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS,
t MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
? for Morning. 1* fur A fternoon.
* Daily. t Sunday exceptad. I buuda; only.
GRAND POUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rioms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
6TAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HOnX. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1316 Linden. Oakland.
A WEEKS news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
1C ptf«, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair racialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
BEST wice for caf=t-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 209 Third St.; send postal.
Time— H. :26 1 i: hi, :81j V, l:17tt: mile. 1:43 U. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third- driving. Winner, A. Simons' b. %.. by Bassetlaw-Lula.
Cut off on three occasions, Eagla Copped ln. Antoinetta ran a nlc« race. Rachel O
a disappointment.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oS cloth-
Ing call oa B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COAST DIVISION (Droail Range).
(Third nuil TownaenU Sta)
001 FOURTH RACE— On* mile; Millar; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
nqn THIRD RACE— Three furlonxs; two-year-olds; puna, 3400.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 78; our
•r'cialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
HIT Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
jrice Tailoring Co.; Hi Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1644 Market et., under St. Nicholas.
IF you are bothered with rheumatism or kidney
; trouble call at 17 Powell st. and get a free
sample of Dr. Craig's Rheumatla Cure; It
positively cur**e. •;. .
TURK. 614 A —Partly furnished suite of sunny
rooms for housekeeping, with gas.
STEVENSON. 642. bet. Seventh and Eighth,
above Odd Fellows' Hall, near new Postofflce
—2 furnished housekpg. rooms; bath; central.
PARALYSIS and all nervous diseases and to
which lead owificß.tion. thickening, contracted
rr.utcles and ftiff Joints, cured. Hard tumors
and' all abnormal enlargements. Ladles who
have been unsuccessfully treated come to me.
Rheumatism ln all forma. Skin diseases, scrof-
ula, eciema and all skin diseases ln their most
loathsome form, consumption and sll lung dis-
eases, all old standing chronic diseases where
doctors and medicine have failed. No drugs.
No kr.lfe. Different from any ether treatment.
Call or write us for references and form of
treatment. Consultation fr"ee. DR. L. J.
STRATTON. EOT. 50S and 509 Parrott building.
Pan Francigco (over the Emporium).
POWELL, 610— A pleasant sunny room, with
running water: light housekeeping If desired.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA. 35cbot.; Lederer's
Foamo fVnaaipoo. 6c box. are leading all tha
other hair ionics and ehampooe. 123 Stockton.
MONDAY ONLY. LEDERER will place on sale
all of his IS-lnch $1 en ltches at 50c; a fine op-
portunity for one day only; hairdreesing 25c.
12S Stockton st.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
MINNA. 707, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms; also 3 unfurnished
rooms; cheap. •
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6620.
HARRISON, 784 H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished eunny rooms; bath; all modem Im-
provements; homelike; $1 week up.
DR. J. N. POWELL, dentist, .has resumed
practice at his old quarters in the Y. M. C.
A. building, cor. Meson and Ellis its. '
LEDiniER, the popular hairdresser, has his
parlors crowded dally: latest coiffures. 25c;
manicuring. 2ic; Scheffler'n Colorlne the only
hair dye, 75c box. G. LEDERER. 12J Stocktn.
LADIES— Send ¦S-cent stamp for our booklet;
Invaluable to every lady. FAUVRE Import-
ing Co., 816 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Jud«.
J. F. CALDWELL—Starter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
ROOMS -IMU ;{OLSEKEEI*I.\G.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable 1 take no other;
send 4o stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa,
For rent— Ranch of 10 acres, with house and
barns; euitabla for milk or chicken ranch;
running rtream of water: back of Glen Park.
Inquire JOOST BROS., Mission and Eleventh
«ts.. or Corbett road. Sunnyslde Saloon.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devlßadero Bt., near Sutter.
RA.NCH TO LET.
DIED.
Abbott, William J. Jacquot. Ernest
Anderson, Mary J: Johnson. Christina
Brady, Sarah V. Kohn, Henry D.
Bristol. Charles W. Lawler. Rose -
Cassin. Catherine A. Magee. John
Classen. Johenne - Nichols. James
Clifford. Sarah L. Noonan. Maria
Cloud, Nellie A. Rooney, Carrla
Cohen. Selig Rowan. Patrick
Davis. Walter 8. Semerla. Jules M.
Da Campos, Bridget . Shwetier. David
Ehlert, Robert Btamm. Alvlna H.
Fogarty, John J. Sullivan. John
Hamilton, Manford Trlttenbach. Mrs. F.
Harris, Ann Wethered. James S. .
Hetrlch. Curry W. T. Young, Mary G.
ABBOTT— In this city, January 14. 1900, Wil-
liam James, beloved husband of Sabrina L.
B. Abbott, a native of Hamburg, Germany,
aged 61 years 8 months and 4 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
Mission Maaonlo Temple. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 12. 1900,
Mary J.. beloved wife of Captain John E. An-
'derson, daughter of Mrs. Cook of Madison,
Ind., mother of Tlllie, Arthur. Charles and
Etta Anderson and sister of Nicholas Cook of
Madison, Ind., and Barbara Feheringer, a na-
tive of Madison, Ind.. aged 42 years 1 month
and 8 days.
CT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from tha funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BRADY— In Oakland. * January 15, 1900. Sarah
Virginia, wife of John Brady, and mother of
Edward J.. William A.. Harry L. and Cora
Belle Brady, a native of Ohio, aged 51 years
8 months and 11 days.
BRISTOL —In Oakland. January 14. 1900,
Charleß W. Bristol, a native of Connecticut,
aced 42 years.
CASSIN— In this city. January 14, 1900, Cath-
erine A., widow of tha late John Cassln, and
beloved mother of Mrs. Frank Anderson, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
73 years.
(C7"FTlends and acquaintances ar«- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 337 Jessla street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for tha repose of her
soul, at i o'clock. Interment at Nsw Bed-
ford, Mass. Please omit flowers.
CLASSEN— In Alameda. January 14, 1900,
Johenne, beloved wife of 'A. F. A. Classen, a
native of, Germany, aged 63 years and 11
months. (New York and London. Eng., pa-
pers please copy.)
¦ (ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late res-
idence, 1813 Pacific avenue, Alameda. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CLIFFORD-^ln this city, January 14, 1900,
Sarah Louisa, beloved wifa of the lata George
Clifford, and mother of George, Arthur. J.
Edward and Rosa Clifford, a native of New
Bedford, Mass., aged 53 years 11 months and
2S days. (New Bedford, Mass.. papers pleas*
copy.)
(ETTrlends are resaectfully Invited to at-
tend tha funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
11 o'clock, from her lata residence, 449 Bart-
let t street, thence to St. John's Eplsoopal
Church, Fifteenth street, near Valencia,
where services will be held. Interment pri-
vate, at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLOUD— In Redwood City, January 15. 1900,
Nellie A., dearly beloved daughter, of Mary
A. and the late J. J. Cloud, and sister of
George E.. Charles McL. and Roy W. Cloud,
a native of Elko, Nev., aged 30 years 2 months
and 5 days.
COHEN— In St. Helena. Cal.. January 18, 1900,
Sells:, dearly beloved husband of Carrla
Cohen, father of Joshua and Birdie Cohen,
son of Mrs. Annie and the late M. S. Cohen,
and brother of Isaao L. and Sadie Cohen, a
native of California, aged 35 years and 1
. months. •:.''-
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, fii<Mi Post street, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery
for lntexment.
MEMBERS of Court Bay City No. 11. T. of A..
will please attend. By order of
S. MARX, Chief Ranger.
B. X. ISRAEL. Fin. Seo.
DAVIS— In Oakland. January 14. 1900, Walter
S.. beloved son of Frank W. and Mary E.
Davis, a native of Oakland, aged 6 months
DU CAMPOS — In San Benlto County, January
14, 1900, Mrs. Bridget do Campos, a native of
Ireland.
EHLERT— In this city, January 14. 1900, Rob-
ert Ehlert. dearly beloved father of Mrs.
Hauser, a native of Stettin, Germany, aged 53
years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from th« parlors of
Valente, Marlnl A Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
near Union, under the auspices of the Sail-
makers' Union. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
FOOARTT— In this city, January 15, 1900, John
J., beloved husband of Josephine Fogarty, a
native of Brooklyn, N. V.. aged &0 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nal B"rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street. Funeral under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Aerie No. 6. F. O. B.
Interment Cyuress Lawn Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city, January 18, 1900,
Manford George, beloved husband of Gracs
Hamilton, a native of Oregon, aged 87 years.
(C7Remalns at the parlors of th« United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
HARRIS— In Oakland, January IS, 1900. Ann
Harris, widow of tha lato John Harris of
Brooklyn, N. T., and sister of the late John
and Martha Ames and Joslah P. Ames of
Oakland, a native of England, aged 83 years
2 months and 20 days. (Brooklyn and New
York papers please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect •
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence. 53$ Thirty-second street. Interment
private, in Mountain View Cemetery.
HETRICH— In this city, January 15. 1900, Curry
W. TJader Hetrlch. eldest son of Mrs. F. D.
Hetrlch, a native of Carson City, Nev., aged
36 years and 6 months.
JACQUOT— In this city, January 14, 1900,- Er-
nest, beloved husband of Josephine Jacquot
and father of Mrs. Thereux and father-in-law
of Paul Thereux and brother-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. A. Metral, a native of France, aged
61 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. 8. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, where services will be held under
the auspices of Franco-American Lodge No.
207, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. ...
JOHNSON— In Prescott, Ariz.. January 11, 1900,
Christine Johnson, beloved daughter of
John Beckman, and sister of Mrs. Louisa
Johnson and Andreas and Lena Beckman. a
native of Sweden.
(CTFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, 43 Beaver street, between
Fifteenth nnd Sixteenth. Noe and Castro,
thenoe by electric funeral car leaving corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock
to Cy»ress Lawn Cemetery.
KOHN— In Alameda, January 15, 1900, at the
residence of his sister, Mrs. H. Rawlinson.
1509 Ninth street, Henry D.. beloved son of
Henry and tha late Catherine H. Kohn.
brother of L. H.. Marjle and W. B. Kohn.
Mrs J W. Jureens, Mrs. H. Rawlln3on and
the late Mrs. K. Van Slyck, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 26 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAWLER— Entered Into rest, ln this city, Jan-
uary 14 1900. Rose, beloved daughter of tha
late Joseph and Rose Lawler and sister of
Mary, Joseph, Thomas. Kate, Annie, Emma,
James, Fannla and Lawn Lawler, a native of
San Francisco.
tCTFrlends are resoectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at »
o'clock, from her lata residence. 2545 Seven-
teenth street, thence to St. Charles Church,
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the recose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGEE— In this city, January 15, 1900, John
Magea. a native of Paris, aged 58 .years.
NICHOLS— In this city. January 15, 1900, James
Nichols, beloved husband of Mary Nichols, a
native of Wilmington, S. C, aged 45 years.
NOONAN— An anniversary requiem high mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of Maria Noonan to-morrow (Wednesday), at
St. Patrick's Church, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acaualntances are Invited to at-
tend.
ROONHY— In tha City and County Hospital,
January 15, 1900, Carrie Rooney, a native of
California, aged 27 years.
ROWAN— In this city, January 15, 1900, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Maria
Rowan, dearly beloved father of John J.,
Maria, Ethel and Cella Rowan, brother of
Mary Rowan, and brother-in-law of B. Mc-
Donough, a native of County ¦ Galway, -Ire-
land, aged 60 years. (Montana, Pennsylvania
and New York papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend thjp funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ISB6 McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated fjr the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SBMERIA— In this city, January 14. 1900, Jules
M., dearly beloved husband of Camllle Se-
merla, father of Arthur Semerla. son of Mrs.
Catherine Semerla and the late Joseph Se-
merla, and brother of Henry, Joseph and
Clara Semerla and Mrs. Walter A. Cenesy, a
native of France, aged 23 years S months and
17 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from
1027 Clay street, between Powell and Mason,
where services will b« held under the auspices
of California Counctl No. 630. thence to tha
SPECIAL KOTICES.
PALMISTRY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART.
(Copyright, 19W. by H. H. Egbert.)
TAHTOBAN PARE, Monday, January 15, 100O.— Thirty-eighth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
fine. Track fast. .¦' Vrv ~
MME &ATLOR, famous scientific palmist; pu-
pll Chelro. 1511 W Market St., opp. Van Ners.
leats — Frou TJkcxubka 13, 1333. — a-p.:ttj
PERSON AX.S.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper for club of gentlemen or email private
family; excellent cock; authentic city refer-
ence. A. E, F., 1120 Bush Et.
YOL'NO lady returning to London would be
Fl&d to help lady in return .or passage. P.
C, til Mission st.
COO FIRST RACE— FIvo furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
N ATOM A. 739—2 nice housekeeping rooms; par-
ties to assist ln housework; rent $5 month.
OAK, 64— Large sunny front rooms for house-
keeping; gas, bath; new bous«. ¦•
OCTAVIA. 411— Sunny housekeeping and other
rooms; $4, $6 and $10; bath, etc.
POLK. 1620— Two large sunny unfurnished
rooms; closets; water; cheap.
£-QQ SECOND RACK— Onn mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 3400.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
$1460— LOT 26x125; cottage 5 rooms and bath;
street work done: easy terms.
$2200— Lot 50x146; fine cottage; S large rooms
and bath; worth $3500: only $100 cash, balanc*
$20 per month: great snap.
J3ooo— Lot 40x150; Morton st, between rail-
roads; near station and school; handsome new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; $500 and $23 per
month.
$2250— L0t 35x150; 2-story house of 6, rooms and
bath; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station;
easy terms.
$3500— Lot 40x150; fine new 2-story house. 8
rooms and bath; Morton st.. near stations and
schools; $500 rash, balance $30 per month.
$8600 — Lot 75x1."0; on main avenue; -cottage
8 rooms and bath; great bargain. *
Houses to let ln all parts of Alameda.
fl. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park St., Alameda, Cal.
A HRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lercia SU
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Br.,
1400 'Webster st.. Alameda.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubpcripticns has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »ts. : open until 9 p. m.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
Time— H. :25H; M, :50>4; \. 1:15>4; mile. 1:41%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, A. O. Blakeley*s b. f., by Imp. Meddler-Imp. Little Lady 11.
The Lady was there to-day. Cromwell outgamed Storm King. Others sang la th» chorus.
Scratched— 6t. Isldor 103.
•TiOOa. Benlda, Suisuo, Elmtra, VacarUle,
Btusseyonil Sacramento. . ; *7:1.1<
•7i»»a Shasta Express— Davis, Willows.
Ued Bluft rortland "7:*31
*7>3Oa Martinez, San Kanion, Vallcjo. Napa,
Calistoga eel Santa Kosa •«: 1 .•»#
•9:30* The OTerLintll.lr.iHoa— OgUen, Den«
. Ter, Onitiha, Ciiioaso »3:I3»
•StZSASau Jose. LiTermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, riacrrvUle,
Murysrillo. CUico. Ka-\ lil.nl •-lit.??
•¦:3«» "Milton. Oakdaic and f-onora •»:lsr
•U:OOa Tlaywariia. Niltamid Way Stations. M 1:13%
•*:««* DaTij. IVcodlacJ. Knlghu Landing.
Jlarjsri'.:e, t.T(>Till<\ *7: 13*
•S:OOa Atlantis lipresa— Ozdon and East •t>:43*
•U:OUa Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merc-ilaccl Frc3nr>. *l»:1.1p
•Btoo* Port Costa. I'resuo, JloJuto and I*s
Aiißi-ici § fl:l.1p
•10:00* Vallcjo. Martinez anil Way Stations *O: tlr
"I liOOa Ilaywards. JS'iles and Wny Stations. *"<*: I 3»
•l%:Ottx Kilcs. LUermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento. M:n<lota, lU:.i: nl, Visaiia,
PorteiTlllo Millf
f I :QOp Sacramento HUer Steninrta fStOOp
•3soop HaTTrarda, Xilca acd Way Stations. •»: ISj
•4:oap M.irtiuez. Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa. C'alUtosa. Kantft Rosa •»«!»*
MiOOr Benlda. Vaca»U!o, Sacramento,
Wooilland, Ur'.lit.i Landing.
Mirjsvi.:.-. OtOTillA •l»:43»
•-liHOf Ntlea, ban .lobo ami .Stockton »7513»
•3:OOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakeraaeM. tangna fur Santa I.ir-
bara> Los Angelm *loil3*
4tfiO4r Eursct Limited— El Piso. New Orw
leans and East el«:4."J*
•StSttr Btockton, Merced. Freeno •I'£zl3r
•3i3or Fr.Mro, UatersUeM. KanU r.arhara,
Los Angeles, Demlnff, El li .0,
New Orleans and East •itl">*
*3iSor Santa I'u ltout^— Atiuutio Express
for MoJaTo ami Tasi ••»43»
••:O«r najwarda, Niles and Saa Jos« *7i4*m
t«:tlOp Vallejo «12i13p
•0::»<>r Oriental Mall— Ojilen and Fast •S:r»Or
}7i«O? Vallcjo, Port CO3U and Way Sta-
tions. 1»:33*
•BiO3p Oregon and California Kxpress.Nuc-
mmentu. Marjatlllo, l;?'.':i.^,
Portland. Pii(r»» Nom^i ami I'ul •Sil.ia
ROOMS TO LET — Fnra. and Inforn.
A^m'jTslvllcirilOUsK liT^Slxth^Soomß
25c to II per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
$800 BUYS a home; very easy terms; corner lot
40x100; comfortable oottage of 4 rooms; con-
venient to station. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin sta-
tion.
AT Hotel Francisco,' Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to 81 M day. MRS. J. KING.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 10* Sutter et.. Laws a g^eclalty.
Ban Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. eunny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists; elavator;all conveniences.
Jl4OO-^-NBAT cottage, 5 rooms, bath: hot and
cold water; high basement: corner lot 80x116;
newly painted and papered; small cash pay-
ment; easy Installments. H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Btatlon.
BRYANT, S64— A sunny front room for lor 2
eentleme-n. with bath: to the right party a
good home; apply after 4 p. m.
Boulder Crtek.UautaCrux aad Way
Stations •3»3i»#
tail.ir Newark, CentetTille. Pan Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, ttoulder lt< ¦'t,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
BtatioDS t'»» { » fl *
Mil.lr Newark. Baa Joso, Los Gatos. •B:2O* )
Illil3r Hnnten' Exctmdcn. San Jcsa and
WaySUtiors J7i2o*
$3TSO— HOME on Telegraph aye., finest street
on this side the bay; corner lot 60x149; 7-room
modern house; good barn: pell on easy terms.
. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
Tlme-^4, :12H; %, :3E*. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, B. Schreiber's
eh. f., by Balgowan-Bpozla.
Bofala, ridden wide, was gamest, Tarpey will Improve. Wardman Is erratic.
BURNETT. 1426 Market it. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niched rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. & offices.
ELECTRIC llrhts In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third «.. near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to H tO per night: $1 60 to IS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADINO theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market et.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" txx>erienc«. J. B. RAY. 113 Eddy et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fna 811 mXCISCO— Foot if liirtit Strt.t <S.;i Si —
• •7:15 0.00 ll:00*.K. J1:53 *Z:Z2 t3:CB
•4:C3 13:C3 »B:C3r.M.
rriaOllUlD— rtot«rßrcad«iT.— *fl:oo 8.00 10€0i.n.
112:C0 "MO |2:C3 »3:C3 M:C3 't&TM.
MUST SELL TO-DAY.
Three modern houses, eastern frontage and
grand marine view; 9 rooms; elegant finish;
only half a block from University of California;
all ready to move into: easy payments. Parti-
culars of M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
FIGnnS rweejxrs are the best and cheapest.
.All kinds repaired and for uaJe at 342 Sutter.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House; oysters
ar.y etyle. DAMITRES BAROSI3. 27 Ninth.
FOLSOM. 955. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mst.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 1933 Devlsa-
dero st., cor. California.
CHEAPEST and beet ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln tha
United States or Canada one year for 31,
postape paid.
GEARY, 14 A— 7 rooms to let; nicely furnished;
1 front room.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day or week; reasonable.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Nicely furnished
front room; private family; reasonable.
fIQO FIFTH RACE— On* mile and a sixteenth; handicap; four-year-olds and upward; '
VJO-A* purse. $500.
GOUGH, 497— A iarpe furnished front room;
euitable for two gentlemen.
t6ilOA Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. t*>3op
•7iO»a San Joas ami Way btatlous (Xew
,k, k Almaden Wednesdays oulj) "IjSO*
v*9iooa Han Jose. Ties l'iuos, Buuta Cms,
' Fucllio Uroi*. l'aso ItAblrs, Baa
s I.ula Olu'spo, Surf, Lompoe ml
Priuclpal War HUtlous # 1j1O»
•I »i I»a Ran Joes sad V.»y Htatlons •«iS3&
•I1(3Oa Ban Jnse «n.l Way .SUtious •3:U0»
iai4spSa;i Mateo, ltedwco<l, Menlo Park,
' Palo Alto, tianta Clara, Kan .lose,
, Tres lir.es. Santa Cruz. E4U2IIS.
Moi\tere;an<l Vaclflo Grove tlOiSCa
tliSOr flan .Ios« and Way Stations *7:30r
4 1:13r6an Jose anil Principal Way Stations •!»:!•»».
43:00r Ban Jose and Princi pal Wa7 Stations >:>:o<>v
*.1:SOp San Jose ami Princinal Way Stations *N:33«,
•S:3Or San Jose an.l Way Stations t»:U<U
Hl:<.'ip San Jcsanml Way stations »7::iOr
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
11600— A BARGAIN; 1.218 acrss land, fronting
on Grove St., recently purchased at probate
sale; a land syndicate, supposed to be oper-
ating with Santa Fe Railroad making ex-
tensive investments ln neighborhood: owner
obliged to f»ll on account of development ln
oil Investments: will sell the whole, but pre-
fers to retain two-fifths Interest: private In-
formation as to prospects ln neighborhood
furnished to principals only. Address box
107. Call offlco. Oakland.
HOWARD.- 829 — Clean, respectable: 25c-$l per
night; $1-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HYDIB, 408— Funny furnished; folding bed; gas.
bath; 310; aUo single, 37.
THE first-class, old-established business; good
reasons for selling: rare chance. E. E.
BUNCE. SOB Broadway. Oakland.
Time— l-18, :0«%: 5-18. :32; 9-18, :56%; 13-18. 1:33; mile, l:40H: 1 l-16m. 1:47V4. Good start.
Won handily. Second and third driving. Winner. J. Carroll's eh. m., by Rlley-Modesty.
Daisy liked the weight and company. Zoroaster had one of his spells. Ventoro stopped.
A bit too refined for the others.
Scratched— Merry Boy 100.
feEOO— WILL sell quick for J1200; fins corner
residence: lot 45x175: 9 rooms; up to date.
E. E. BUNCE, SOS Broadway. Oakland.
Ann • SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 3400.
OAKLAND HRXITI'HB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H, Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROSEDALE, 221 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25c a night; 81 a week; transient.
Time— H. :tiM: %, 48; %, 1:13. Fair start. Won cleverly. Winner, D. A. Honig's
b. TV; by Imp. Esher-Mornlnsr Glory.
Theory won without much shaking up. Thoburn Is good. Mocorito did her best. St.
Casimlr did not have his anchor up When barrier was released. Ledl run off his legs.
Scratched— Miss Marlon 82.
ROYAL House, 116 Ellis it— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 85c to II 50; week, 12 to
8S: month, IS to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth sU,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. US Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRTEENTH, 829, near Valencia— Furnished
eunny room; rent 84; also large front room;
rent |6.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice — Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
527 Market St.. San Francisco.
. Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 18th day
of December, 1599, an assessment (No. 7) of
one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately ln United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on th« 22nd day of January,
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auctton, and unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February, ISCO. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG, Secretary,
327 Market st.
TURK, 319—2 sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for two.
VAN NESS aye., 80?— Elegant suites, elngl*
rooms and housekeeping suites; euitabla for
doctor or dentlet.
VAN NESS aye., 944— Elegantly furnished and
unfurnished rooms, with board; price reason-
able.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et.; open t111.9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia Ft. . .
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, fcan Francisco, January 15, 1900— At
a regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held THIS DAY. a dividend
was declared, payable on and after January
18. 1900. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (25c per
share) of the HUTCHINBON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payabl* at the
office of the company. No. 327 Market St.. <n
and after Saturday, January 20. 1900. Trans-
fer books will clo£e on Saturday, January 12,
1900, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m^
A. M. EPECK A CO. en MARKET BT.
Ail Selected Bargains.
A— 1140,000; grand buys near Chroslcls; rents
:•;? net.
A— tTS.COO; rants 84000 per year; 60-foot corner.
near Tivoll.
A— »O6,OOG; fins buy; 4-storT brick: near Or-
£heum; lot U f«et front; ail routed.
A— HS.OCD; rents 34000 per year; 6lxth-rt. cor.
A-i;:,c-y.'. business property; rests 1380; n*w
trullfllng.
A— 1:5.000; rents 3200; new; all rented.
A—JU,i.OO;A — JU,i.00; rente 3136; corner on Leavenworth
«.: Jnortgfcre 812.000.
A— 312.600; rents 8100; business property; near
Hale'e stor*.
A— I7S00; rents JTS; 3 elegant flats, nr. Halrht.
A— «t'*o; rents 860: Post ft.; 3 nice fiats; S. E.
•or. Twentieth et. and Lexington aye.; 8 rooms
and bath; want offer.
A— 3 COO; rents 140; California St.; 3 good flats.
FORECLOSURE sale— « 000; two choice flats of
f rooms each, renting for SIS; make offer. At
tlO Valley st.. near No«. or EPECK A CO..
e«7 Market et-
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ->- - ¦
PIERCE-ROHOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage license* have been Issued as follows:
Arthur G. Dennlnges, 28, San Jose, and Mabel
C. Bagg. 23, Han Jose.
Pictro Santint, 27, Santa Rosa, and Giusep-
plna Astl, 21. city.
GlUßeppt Mazzucchl, 29, city, and Angelina
Bulettt. 32, city.
Andrew F. Dollln, 80, Brentwood. and Lett*
Barr, 26, Chatham. Canada.
Harry Jones, 24, 17 Hickory avenue, and An-
geline Hoffman, 21, 17 Hickory avenue. •
Fred P. Ensign, 21, Los Angeles, and Susie
B. Logan, 21. city.
Declan Hurton, 29, 1305 Harrison street, and
May E. Toland, 23, 741 Harrison street-
Fred G. Brainerd. 29, city, and Mary J. Ashe.
25, city.
Wilhelm G. Munzenmaler, 43. 44 Second Btreet.
and Anna M. Wolber. 45. city.
George A. Ferguson. 40, Palisade, N«v., and
Helen Shea, 19, Portland, Or.
Paul Droeae. 27, Emeryville, and Mary
Backer. 27, Emeryville.
KEW cottages, houses and flats for sal* oa
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght: over M
houses sold In came block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FINE residence — »6000; Clay «t., b«t. Buchanan
and Webfcter. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Mont-
, rcxaery st. , - .
FOR sale — Cheep, new 2-story houses; 1 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; Dear
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
CHEAP house and lot wanted ln pleasant loca-
tion. WALLER, box 2S7L Call office.
ItKAL ESTATE: COU.Vrnr — For Sale
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, rnarrlare and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b« handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same, published.
BORN.
BARBICH— In this city. January 8. 1300, to th«
wife of A- E. Barblch, a daughter.
BAN— In Alameda, January 10. 1900, to the
wife of Charles L. Ban, a daughter.
BEBMAN— In this city. January 8, 1900, to the
wife of William A. Beeman of th* FaraJlon
Islands, a son.
FITZGERALD— In this city, December 8L 1899.
to the wife of John T. Fitzgerald, a daugter.
LAWLOR— In this city, December 17, • 1899, to
the wife of John F. Lawlor, a daughter.
SCHWARTZ— In this city, January 14, 1900. to
the wife of Isldor Schwartz, a daughter.
SUTHERLAND— In this city, January 13, 1900,
to the wife of W. H. Sutherland, a son.
WILKINSON— In this city, January 15, 1900, to
the wife of Frank R. Wilkinson, a son.
SPECIAL AOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Hoclety herewith rives no-
tlca that th* following orphan and half or-
phan girls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1, 1&99, to Jan. 1,
1900: Anna M. Clemens, 10 yrs. 3 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens, 8 yrs. 1 mo.; Petra M.
Clemens. 2 yrs. 9 mcs.; Margaret Peterson, 7
yrs. 11 mos.; Marguerite Kempf. 4 yrs. 3 mos.;
tßrant Bran N. Nlcol. 12 yrs. 10 mos. ; Nina E. Mil-
ler, « yrs. 1 mo.; Emily E. Reed, 8 yrs. 10
mos. ; Margaret Brooks, 11 yrs. 3 mos. ; Mary
Brocks, 10 yrs. 2 mos. ; Ethel Brooks, 5 yrs.
1 mos.: fiibella Bank, 6 yrs.; Cruz Isura, 9
yrs. 4 mos.; Rosol Isura, 8 yrs. « mos.; Vin-
cent Isura, 7 yrs. 7 mos.; Alvin C. Rupky,
11 yrt. 7 mos.; Carl S. Bonicke, 8 yrs. 11 mos.;
Frank Bonicke, 7 yrs. 8 - mos.; John
Peterson. 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Charles Pet-
erson. 4 yrs. ( moe.; William Peterson,
2 yrs. • mos.; Victor Olsen, 15 yrs.; Myron
A. Dey. 9 yrs. II mos.: Henry E. Day, 7 yrs.
10 nod. : Charles K. Fonter, 7 yrs. 7 mos. ;
Lincoln G. Foster, I yrs. 10 mos.; George
Kempf, 4 ym. 3 mot.; William Pauli, 10 yrs.
8 mos. : Rudolph. 6 yrs. 6 mos. : George N.
Nlcol. 9 yrs. 2 mos.; Walter F. Nlcol, 4 yrs.
f mos.: William J. Riddle, 6 yrs.; Leslie L.
Riddle, 3 yrs.; Frank Madden. 10 yrs. 8 mos.;
Galen Clark, 14 yrs. 5 mos.; Percy L. Miller,
7 yrs. 11 mos.: Georg* F. Farley. 8 yrs. 4
mos. ; Percy G. Reed. 4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Julius J
Lindner. 2 yrs. 3 mos.; Walter Brooks, 7 yrs.
4 mos.; George Bank, 1 yr. 6 mos., and Wil-
liam Kerr. 4 yrs.
MARY P. MacCRELLISH.
Secy. P. O. Asylum, *907 Pine st.
ASTONISHING^ offer; 830 to 175 per acre; ( to
200 acres; sis* tracts to suit; rash, easy terms
or mlrht taks part ln exchange: all very
finest; hlrhly cultivated level ham; ln most
desirable location; within 2"~» miles, by level
sprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
fruit, vineyard, ollx-es, nuts. corn, etc.; now
raising immense crops of grain; unequaled
"or poultry buslne?*; 2 living creeks; abund-
ance well water; complete of buildings; scat-
terlnr large oak*; would be cheap even at
t. per acre: better than stated.
H. It. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT.
10 Geary Et.. cpp. Chronicle bldg.. 6. F.
A LIST of Facial Bargains— When sending for
my catalogue always state about what Is
wanted, amount to invest etc. : I'll then also
furnish a specially prepared list cf "map"
bargains near what you want, not ln cata-
logue. While I make a rpecial feature of
Napa and Bonoma County places, I'm person-
ally acquainted with over 2300 ranches for
eale or exchange In California— more than any
c^ h ' rr w tf>n agent " ln th* State. I travel nearly
aU the time lm.pe.-ung country property.
N. D. EICKELR. the Land Agent.
10 Geary st.. opp. Chronicle Wdg.. S. F.
6ANTA CLARA Valley fruit., farming and
Hock ianc>; owner's sale ln tracts of 5 to 600
acres; <asy terms, or will exchange for San
Frsnc,«co property. Apply to C H PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. 20 Monts^mery
tt.. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. ra. dally.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum rives no-
tice that the following orphans and half or-
phans have been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to December 81. 1399: May Thorn.
3 yrs. 1 mo.; Jennie Hussenot, 8 yrs.; Amelia
Hossenot, 2 yrs. 6 mo.: Isabella Mills, 4 yrs.
7 mo.; Anita Roadlet, 2 yrs.; Virginia Kirby.
4 yr*. 1 mo.; Anni« Kearney, 6 yrs. I mo.:
Annie Farren, 8 yrs. ; Nellie Farren, 8 yrs. 2
mo.; Helena Griphen, 2 yrs. t mo.; Elisa Bar-
dinska, 8 yrs. 2 mo.; Johanna Daley. 10 yrs.;
Mary Daley. 9 m.: Martha Valient. S yrs.;
AUc« Valient, 3 yrs.; Anneta Alvlso. 6 yrs.;
Oenava Alvlso 9 yrs.: Gadulupe Alvlso, 8
yrs.; Antonla Hussenot, 6 yrs.: Albert Kear-
ney, 8 yrs. 8 mo.; Willie Farren, 3 yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Griphen. S yrs. ( mo.; Charles Foun-
tain. 8 yrs. 7 mo.; Howard Jenkins, 5 yra. ;
Joseph Broderick. 2 yrs. f rao.; Cella Basana,
5 yrs.: Irene Basana, 4 yrs.
FOR EALE-JSSO; SOO laying hens. 1 horse, 1
harnees, 1 cart. 1 plow, 1 harrow and rmn.ll
tools: will rent the place at 110 per month'
hae 3 acres, B-room house, barn 9 chicken
houses, windmill and tank; small orchard -
close to town. GEO. C. YQTTNG. PeUJuma.'
IN the oil belt. Monterey Co.. 320 acres for
•ale, rent or trade; suitable for stock, chick-
ens, bees, rood feed and flowers now. C. G
C. Valleton. Cal.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1898 to Decem-
ber Jl. 1899: Arthur Vanier. 6 years; Charles
Vanler, 3; Frank Cryne, 4; Mary Canessa, 6H:
Peter Canessa. 3H; Joseph Burns, 3 5-8; Ger-
tie McLoughlln. 3 5-«: Pauline Smith. 6: Isa-
bel Smith, 2; Peter Reilly. B; Gertie Berrln,
2: ChrMlne Barnes, 2H: Fred Wilkte 3;
Frank Magulre. 2 5-12; Mary Mulcahy. 3; An-
nlta Greenwood. 2; Laurence Bank, 2V4; John
Bergln, 3: Francis Tarantlno. 3: William Mof-
fstt. 6; Mary McClellan, 6: Fred Suli 2%i m
Charles Bull. I 1-3; Rose Herbert. 5. '
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
foinco property, fruit ranch 102 acres* value
fSQOO. Afldress H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
MILLBRAE lots and block*; fenced; water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 827 Market st.
TES. JS per acre up: farm list; free fare. M.
omPTTS. Tl» Market st, fear Call bulldln*.
MADAM ADA, magnetic healer; rheumatism,
neuralgia, face blemishes cured. 1314 How-
ard street. •
6 Saturday only.
eTor«l s»« and Fridays c Thursday* and ftaadaT*.
tILHOBOTA NORTBITESTEBN IT. C 3,
T .TT|^{cgnT!*gn
IM FBAMCISCO AND NORTH PACIFK
v . RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Parry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
.WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33*
1.30, 1:10. t:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri>
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:^4
and U:to p. m.
¦UNDAYS— B:OO, 9:JO. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0. 1:30.
1:00. «:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 13:43,
8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 1:40. 11:1* a. m. : 1:40. 1:40, 5:05,
1:23 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzea ParU
yame schedule as above.
Leav* Arrlv*
¦an Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15. ¦
Week Sun- 1539. Pun- WnX
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 9:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 sxn IVtaluni.u 9:05 pm 10:25 tunx
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t.22 fax
Fulton. ¦
taaaa Windsor. U:£a
Heald.nburg,
Lyttcn,
Geyservllle.
ItSO pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm 1:23 pas
t:3O am Ropland and
1:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm t:Z2 poa
l:S0 am 10:25 ass
8:00 am Ouerr.eTllle. 7:55 pm • <
•30 pm 6:23 pra
IM azn 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am t:43 asa
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:45 pm 8:23 pra
T:SO am 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:;.". am
1:80 pm 8:00 pm 7:35 pm| (:23 pn»
Time— Yt, :34; %. :36H: H. 1:01%. Oood start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. Carroll's eh. f.. by Imp. Golden Garter-Alary.
Nothlng to beat winner after the start. Beautiful BUI baa recorered. Antler Is Improv
ing:. Favorlto backed up. Coming Event postponed.
Scratched— Miss Vera 107, Bona 107. March Seven 107.'
11
ndex.
tidex. Rons. Wetg-ht.lSt.
Rons.
Weight. [St.
Urn.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Btr.
Fin.
I Betting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Jockeys.
818 Alary'e Garter. 107 8
WO Beautiful BUI 112 10
610 First Shot... 11l 8
BSS Summer 112 T
607 Antler 113 »
617 St. Anthony ..109 1
697 Favorito 109 1
626 Gusto i..112 5
610 Comlngr Event 107 4
859 Tatnale 103 8
1 1
10
( n
7 1
• 4
2 1%
3 h
6 1
4 h
8 1*
IS
10
4 n
TH
8 1H
21
5 h
X h
em
9 2
1 3
8 2
2 h
5 2
7 1
9 1*
10
1 4 Jenkins 4 9-:
% n Thorpe 8 12
S ns Bullman 5-2 4
4 2 J. Martin 8 1!
5 H Rula 15 5C
6 2 X. Hill 8 2C
7 n Henry 8 3C
8 1 Epenc«r 8-3 7-i
9 2 Klley 5 1
10 E. Ross 15 X
Index. Horse. Age. 'Weight. I St.
adex. Horse. Age. 'Weight. I St.
Mm.
Km.
Km.
Km.
Str.
! | Batting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Hm.
Km.
Etr
{79 Lady Med'some, 4.. 106 3
611 Tom Cromwell, a... 116 t
615 Storm King, 6 116 1
620 Credo, 6 113 4
557 Owyhe*. 4 11l 5
819 Croker, 4 11l 7
... Milt Young, 4 110 6
\?
11
7
8 n
5 h
4 na
2 2
5 1
lh
6 h
7
eh
4 Itt
1 n
8 2%
2 8
7
6h
6 ns
4 1
11H
> 3
2 IV4
6 2
JHJ H
6 t
1 1 Jenkins 3 8
2 H E. Jones ~ 3 IS-6
Si Thorpe 7-5 7-5
4 H T. Walsh 10 25
613 Helnson 10 30
8 h Glover 10 40
7 Spencer 8 8
W»l«ht. St.
{Bettlnr
iOp. Cl
Index.
Horae.
Mm.
Hm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockey*.
(£22) Sofala 115 4*
616 Slgr Levy 113 8
... M. F. Tarpey US 3
(16 Gaylon Brown 110 1
... Rollick 115 5
618 Wardman 113 [ 6
• ••
It
1 b
8 ltt
4 S
62
9
1 h
34
I 3
4 1
S3
6
Bullman 3-5 9-10
Jenkins S 18-5
Spenoer ....... 7-3 10
T. WaUh I 6
Thorp* 4 8
Morgan 20 80
Index.
Hontt.
WeUrht. St.
tfm.
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
Op.
694 Mont EagU 103 4
ES4 Antolnetta 101 S
606 Allenna 103 S
685 Cboteau 1C« 3 -
662 Rachel C 109 6
694 a ska 101 8
898 Fille d*Or 103 7
6«6 Reginald Hugh«a...lO3 1
t
7 1H
51
» 1
i?
6 1
7 1H
> H
6 h
4 a
IS
t 1
}£
6 h
8 M
IS
1 H
8 h
71
41
6 S
1*
1 IK Jenkins 6-5 11
S H Heinson 12
8 3 J. Martin 6-2
4 h Vlttltoo IS
shi Thorpe _. S
6 4 T. Walsh 40
7 1 E. Rom. 60
I Kllay SO
1-10
20
Z
10
5
89
200
100
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
695 Daisy F, 5 103 S
(695) Zoroaster. 4 114 6
(S2S) Ventoro, 4 110 2
(688) Red Pirate, 4 92 5
618 Elpstein. 6 92 4
677 Loa Medanoa, 4 97 1
(611) Oreyhurst, 6 90 7
2 n
4 h
11
h
8 1
5 tt
43
11V4
6 1
h
1 H
ll IV4
B S
7
6\i
Etr.
1 t
S 2
IK
B 1
86
4 I
j;
Betttny.
Fin. Jockeyi. Op. Cl.
IV, Jenkins S-2 9-5
2 24 Piggott 3 13-6
3 6 Spencer ....... 9-5 13-5
4 1 J. Walsh 8 12
SV, Basslnger S 12
S2O Henry 10 15
7 Phelan ........ 20 60
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St.
Km.
Hm.
%m.
%m.
Str. Fin.
j Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(692) Theory, 4 104 5
... Harry Thoburn, «.. 97 1
615 Mocorito. 6 109 4
(551) High Hoe. 6 99 3
(617) St. Caslmtr, 8 103 6
(615) Ben Ledl, 4 102 2
4tt
2 2
c a
8 1
6
1 h
I?
4tt
61
I
lh
• 1
11 lh
3 1 S3
41 3 h
lh 4 4
c S3
5 H 6
I
Jenkins
Basstnger ....
Thorpe
J. Martin
Vlttltoe
E. Ross
7-3 3
. 10 IS
3 5-2
6 12
. 3-5 11-5
. 4 11-3
W»l«ht. St.
{Bettlnr
iOp. Cl
Index.
Horae.
Mm.
Hm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockey*.
(£22) Sofala 115 4*
616 Slgr Levy 113 8
... M. F. Tarpey US 3
(16 Gaylon Brown 110 1
... Rollick 115 5
618 Wardman 113 [ 6
• ••
It
1 b
8 ltt
4 S
62
9
1 h
34
I 3
4 1
S3
6
Bullman 3-5 9-10
Jenkins S 18-5
Spenoer ....... 7-3 10
T. WaUh I 6
Thorp* 4 8
Morgan 20 80
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
695 Daisy F, 5 103 S
(695) Zoroaster. 4 114 6
(S2S) Ventoro, 4 110 2
(688) Red Pirate, 4 92 5
618 Elpstein. 6 92 4
677 Loa Medanoa, 4 97 1
(611) Oreyhurst, 6 90 7
2 n
4 h
11
h
8 1
5 tt
43
11V4
6 1
h
1 H
ll IV4
B S
7
6\i
Etr.
1 t
S 2
IK
B 1
86
4 I
j;
Betttny.
Fin. Jockeyi. Op. Cl.
IV, Jenkins S-2 9-5
2 24 Piggott 3 13-6
3 6 Spencer ....... 9-5 13-5
4 1 J. Walsh 8 12
SV, Basslnger S 12
S2O Henry 10 15
7 Phelan ........ 20 60
Index.
Hontt.
WeUrht. St.
tfm.
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
Op.
694 Mont EagU 103 4
ES4 Antolnetta 101 S
606 Allenna 103 S
685 Cboteau 1C« 3 -
662 Rachel C 109 6
694 a ska 101 8
898 Fille d*Or 103 7
6«6 Reginald Hugh«a...lO3 1
t
7 1H
51
» 1
i?
6 1
7 1H
> H
6 h
4 a
IS
t 1
}£
6 h
8 M
IS
1 H
8 h
71
41
6 S
1*
1 IK Jenkins 6-5 11
S H Heinson 12
8 3 J. Martin 6-2
4 h Vlttltoo IS
shi Thorpe _. S
6 4 T. Walsh 40
7 1 E. Rom. 60
I Kllay SO
1-10
20
Z
10
5
89
200
100
Index. Horse. Age. 'Weight. I St.
adex. Horse. Age. 'Weight. I St.
Mm.
Km.
Km.
Km.
Str.
! | Batting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Hm.
Km.
Etr
{79 Lady Med'some, 4.. 106 3
611 Tom Cromwell, a... 116 t
615 Storm King, 6 116 1
620 Credo, 6 113 4
557 Owyhe*. 4 11l 5
819 Croker, 4 11l 7
... Milt Young, 4 110 6
\?
11
7
8 n
5 h
4 na
2 2
5 1
lh
6 h
7
eh
4 Itt
1 n
8 2%
2 8
7
6h
6 ns
4 1
11H
> 3
2 IV4
6 2
JHJ H
6 t
1 1 Jenkins 3 8
2 H E. Jones ~ 3 IS-6
Si Thorpe 7-5 7-5
4 H T. Walsh 10 25
613 Helnson 10 30
8 h Glover 10 40
7 Spencer 8 8
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St.
Km.
Hm.
%m.
%m.
Str. Fin.
j Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(692) Theory, 4 104 5
... Harry Thoburn, «.. 97 1
615 Mocorito. 6 109 4
(551) High Hoe. 6 99 3
(617) St. Caslmtr, 8 103 6
(615) Ben Ledl, 4 102 2
4tt
2 2
c a
8 1
6
1 h
I?
4tt
61
I
lh
• 1
11 lh
3 1 S3
41 3 h
lh 4 4
c S3
5 H 6
I
Jenkins
Basstnger ....
Thorpe
J. Martin
Vlttltoe
E. Ross
7-3 3
. 10 IS
3 5-2
6 12
. 3-5 11-5
. 4 11-3
ndex.
tidex. Rons. Wetg-ht.lSt.
Rons.
Weight. [St.
Urn.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Btr.
Fin.
I Betting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Jockeys.
818 Alary'e Garter. 107 8
WO Beautiful BUI 112 10
610 First Shot... 11l 8
BSS Summer 112 T
607 Antler 113 »
617 St. Anthony ..109 1
697 Favorito 109 1
626 Gusto i..112 5
610 Comlngr Event 107 4
859 Tatnale 103 8
1 1
10
( n
7 1
• 4
2 1%
3 h
6 1
4 h
8 1*
IS
10
4 n
TH
8 1H
21
5 h
X h
em
9 2
1 3
8 2
2 h
5 2
7 1
9 1*
10
1 4 Jenkins 4 9-:
% n Thorpe 8 12
S ns Bullman 5-2 4
4 2 J. Martin 8 1!
5 H Rula 15 5C
6 2 X. Hill 8 2C
7 n Henry 8 3C
8 1 Epenc«r 8-3 7-i
9 2 Klley 5 1
10 E. Ross 15 XWrittht's Mian YeietaWe Pills
A*? o^^
Pimples and purify the blood/ Stomach.
Tracks Blockaded.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Jan. 10.-There
have been two serious cases of rock slides
upon the line of the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, about seventy-five miles from
this city. A large gang of men. was im
mediately set to work and trains were en
abled to run after a delay of six hours.
»
As_a tonic nothing in the world beats Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey.
ing considerable New York business, ap
peared on the exchange he was mobbed,
knocked down and kicked because, aa al
leged, he had , refused to keep open the
place of a clerk employed by him who had
volunteered for service in South Africa-
Mr. Herzfelder was so severely ill-used
that he fainted, and when he recovered he
was again maltreated. Finally he was
rescued from his assailants.
BOER VERSION OF
RECENT FIGHTING
BOER HEADQUARTERS. OUTSIDE
LADYSMITH, Tuesday, Jan. 9.— The Bo
ers occupying the southern edges of Best-
there would be a great outcry in England
and the imperial authorities would take
steps to punish the organizers and to
prevent such freebooting expeditions."
President Kruger approached Mr. Rob
inson, placed a hand on his shoulder,
made violent effort to suppress his ex
citement and said: "You mean well, but
I have lost all confidence. What has hap
pened would take place again, and I am
determined to guard against it."
Later Mr. Kruger said: "What is to
prevent Rhodes and his coadjutors again
engineering some diabolical attempt
against the Independence of my country?"
Mr. Robinson proposes to publish a book
giving "lue true histon' or the Jameson
raid."
The Birmingham Mail, the organ of Jo-
Chinaware
Bargains.
It's Wortb Your
Coming: Just to See.
Qreat Amßrican Importinji Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores.
KILLS HIS TWO
COMPANIONS
A Shipwrecked Sailor's
Revenge.
>
Ececlal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 15. — From Honolulu
comes an interesting and heretofore un
published story related there by Captain
Walker of the steamship City of Colum
bia, which recently foundered off Nlihau.
In August, ISSS. the bark Wandering Min
strel, with twenty-eight men, and Captain
Walker commanding, sailed from Hong
kong: After eighteen days the ship was
driven on the reefs of Midway Sand Islands
and wrecked. Landing upon the larger
inland the crew found an old building,
which had been erected thirty years be
fore by a party of United States Govern
ment surveyors, where the hapless sur
vivors were doomed to an exile of four
teen months, subsisting on fish and the
eggs of sea birds that nested in the sands,
until rescued by the Japanese schooner
Norma and conveyed to Hongkong.
It was not until they had been on the
larger island several week 3 that the
smaller island was explored. Lying be
tween the two islands a broken hull bear
ing the name "General Siegel" told the
«ilent story of another disaster. Success
fully reaching the second island they
found two mounds of sand, over which
wooden crosses made from driftwood had
been erected and the Inscription . "IS§6"
hacked upon each. A little distance be
yond upon th« pand was the form of a
man lying upon nis back. As they looked
upon him his eyes opened and without the
least apparenl emotion he said "How are
you?" Then he arose and with no-more
apparent concern than if he had had com
panionship constantly told them that he
was the sole survivor of the Siegel and
that the graves were those of the captain
and mate, whom he had buried. For
months this sailor, who said his name was
Jorgensen. remained sullen and silent, de
clining to give the details of the Siegel's
wreck and the death of his companions.
At last he became ill -and expected to
die He then confessed to Captain Walk
er's son that he had murdered the cap
tain and mate because they had treated
him brutally aboard ship. When the
schooner Norma came along and rescued
Walker's crew it was decreed that Jor
gensen should be left there to expiate his
crime.
Safe letter delivery for Nome, via St. Michael,
starting Jan. 25. via Kodlak; limit M oz.; *5 per
letter. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 23 Market st. • .
cued T?; W-nE; Bur <*. and thereupon
th P n«"m H lffert . to appear before it at
KnPK etlng of the Presbytery, to be
held on February 12, and plead.
THE ENTRANCE TO ST. LUCIA BAY.
(From a sketch made by H. M. S. Nassau in 1875.)
The situation of this bay, through which the Boers are said to be receiving supplies fronvEuroDe with th« rmit«
therefrom to Vryheid. and thence to Newcastle, on the railroad line to Pretoria; can [.be seen 2n the^accomDanvinl man
The bay is quite extensive and has an average depth of nine feet, with a bar at the entrance The countr^T f th« t~\
low and marshy, and navigation for steam launches towing light-draught freight boats can be had on severn? Ti, 1
rivers that feed It. almost to the borders of the Transvaal. Small vessels running over from Madagascar nnr* tn<dH«
Sanc^m b a e k ciole r i e yTuart°ed? ealed BrUlSh W * rshlpS P atrolll^ the coast - "«• »&,y thaf^ter this^the^ent
MAKE USE OF A HUMAN
CORPSE FOR AN EFFIGY
Physicians Participate in a Disgrace
ful Scene in a New York
Morgue.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Commissioner of
Charities Keller to-day dismissed from
the Metropolitan Hospital on Blackweli's
Island twelve physicians who, because of
differences with Superintendent George T.
Stewart of the instituion. 'on Sunday
hanged him In effigy- In the Morgue, usirg
a cadaver for the purpose. Pinned to the
breast of the corpse, which was suspended
from the ceiling by means of a rope, was
a placard bearing an opprobrious refer
ence to the superintendent. Commissioner
Keller, when asked about the matter,
"It was a most disgraceful and' out
rageous affair, and I dismissed every
mother's son of them. When men are
hanged in effigy an artificial thing is gen
erally used, and the use of a cadaver
goes beyond the limits of decency."
Pensions for Coast Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— Pensions for
California: Original— John J. Buck. Mare
Island, $6: William Crowley, Poleta, 56;
Edward Doonen, Perkins, $6: James VI.
Talbert, San Francisco, $6. Original
widows etc.— Minor of George Hermann
Lutz, Orange, $10.
Oregon: War with Spain, widows, etc.—
Clara Foster. Oregon City, $12.
Washington: Original— Jasper M. Blair,
Camas, ?6. -'3SIsMCHfIH
Elm Branch Libeled.
SEATTLE, Jan. 15.— The Puget Sound
Tugboat Company to-day filed a heavy
claim for salvage against the steamship
Elm Branch In the Federal Court. The
company's libel alleges that there is due
it the sum of $30,000 for services rendered
the Elm Branch while the latter vessel
" vs 2 S o helple! s sly drifting on January 12 last
off Cape Flattery.
town and is on three sides of a consider
able Boer force. There is no change in
the position of Methuen and Gatacre.
LATEST REPORT
FROM LORD ROBERTS
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The War Office has
published the following dispatch from
Lord Roberts, dated Cape Town, January'
15, 6:20 p. m.:
"French reports that a reconnaissance
yesterday (Sunday) shelled the Colesberg
road bridge. No casualties. Returned to
day. Methuen and Gatacre no change."
PROCEEDING TO THE
RELIEF OF LADYSMITH
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 13.— There is good
reason to believe the statement that Sir
Charles Warren, with 11,000 men, has gone
toward Weenen is correct, and we may
expect important news shortly.
Reports have been received here that
dysentery is very rife Ui Ladysmith.
Everything is phenomenally quiet at
Sterkstroom.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— The Sandard gives
prominence to the following dispatch,
dated Saturday, January 13. from Durban:
"A man who has just arrived here from
Springfield says that a British column
proceeding to the relief of Ladysmith
has crossed the Little Tugela. When he
left it was facing the Boer position on the
Big Tugela. and a howitzer was shelling
the Boer trenches. He says also that 270
wagons laden with commissariat stores
for Ladysmith had left Frere, and it was
expected that the column would join
hands with General White on Monday
evening.
"The traction engines have been doing
excellent work In hauling heavy wagons
out of 4ioles and swamps. This they ac
complish with the greatest ease. British
patrols have discovered parties of Boers
in the direction of Ennersdale, between
Frere and Estcourt."
BOERS BURNED SOME
OF THE PUBLIC BUILDINGS
LONDON, Jan. 16.— The correspondent
of the Dally Telegraph at PletermarUz
burg, telegraphing Thursday, January' 11,
says:
"The gallantry of the Ladymith garrison
last Saturday appears to have depressed.
If not actually demoralized, the Boers
generally. It is believed they lost at lea^t
two, if not three, killed as against our
one.
"Many Boers are believed to be trekking
northward. The magistrate at Nautu,
Zululand, telegraphs that scouts report
having seen many Boer families with
wagons proceeding north via Zululand.
while a European who formerly resided
at Dundee declares that after the repulse
at Ladysmith a number of Boer wagons,
loaded with dead and wounded, passed
through that mining township, and that
the Boers burned some of the public build-
Ings as they departed. Five days have
passed since then." '•'-¦¦
KRUGER PREDICTED
THE PRESENT STRIFE
LONDON. Jan. 16.— J. B. Robinson, the
South African millionaire, in a signed ar
ticle in the Daily News this morning re
lates conversations he has had with Pres
ident Kruger, and describes several inter
views in which the Jameson raid was
talked over. On one of these occasions
President Kruger said:
"Do you mean to tell me that you do
not know that the men who organized and
engineered the raid organized it for their
own benefit? They had decided how they
would divide the Transvaal and how each
of the parties was to have certain inter
ests in this country. Many reformers who
were put In jail were perfectly innocent.
They were Ignorant of the schemes of the
men In the Inner circle. There were only
twelve men in that inner circle, and they
CARNEGIE PAID TOLLS
ON HOAR'S SPEECH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— A Washington spe
cial to the Inter Ocean says: Andrew
Carnegie paid the tolls on Senator Hoar's
speech which was cabled to Agulnaldo
and which nerved the Tagalo leader to
rebel against the authority of the United
States. This fact has been known to
President McKinley and his advisers for
months, but for many reasons no action
was taken upon it.
Now that the story of the cabling of
the speech at an expense of $4000 has been
told by ex-Minister Barrett in his Lake
Forest speech and a great of specu
lation is being indulged in as to the
source of the seemingly illimitable funds
of the insurgents, the administration
deems it best to keep the matter no longer
a secret.
It is further said that the American
troops recently captured a lot of Agu
inaldo's papers, among them letters in
criminating a number of prominent Amer
icans of indiscretion at least, if not trea
son. These papers are now on the way
to Washington. What disposition will be
made of them on their arrival has not
been divulged.
KENDRICK STILL SUBMERGED.
MOSCOW, Idaho. Jan. 15.- -The water in
the Big Potlach River Is receding, but a
large part of the town of Kendrick is still
under water. The change of the river
current toward the town is said to be
partly the result of a recent train wreck.
Many tons of steel rails were lost in the
river. This caught the driftwood and
formed a dam which diverted the chan
nel and turned it toward the main street
of Kendrick. The stores will lose thou
sands of dollars in ruined goods, as in
many buildings the water was waist deep.
The tracks of the Northern Pacific Rail
way for miles between Vollmer and
Lewlston are washed out.
Strange as it may seem, one of the
sorest needs of Kendrick is drinking
water, as the water works and wells are
ruined. The water is all muddy and not
fit to use. An engine and passenger
train are on the sidetrack near the depot
and can go neither forward nor backward.
For a long distance the river now runs*
where the railroad was. It will take. In
the opinion of railroad men, three months
to repair the road.
McGiffert Cited for Heresy.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The Presbytery
of New York, sitting as a court of Jesus
Christ, to-day listened to the formal
charges of heresy made against Rev. Dr.
Arthur C. McGiffert by the stated clerk
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. Oue dose will stop
* cough. Never falls. Try !t. All druggists.
£x*e!al Cable to Th<» Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, lltOO, by Jainw Gordon
Bennett.
BRUSSELS. Jan. 16.— An Ant
werp paper pretends to have re-
ceived a cipher telegram dated
Pretoria, January 13, announcing
Buller's defeat on that day at
Springfield.
LONDON. Jan. 16.— Complete uncer
tainty prevails here as to what is
taking place in Natal— an uncer
tainty permeated by apprehen
sion. The situation is likened to
that which existed In Northern
States after the battle of Bull Run. There
is the same dearth of news, the same
dread that worse may yet betide and the
B ame Etern determination that a new dis
aster, should one come, must have a mor
row.
Amid the -multitudinous theories set
forth by critics there is one to which at
tention may be called at the outset. It is,
to pay the least, as good a guess as any
of the other vaticinations that are being
made in every quarter, and it comes from
a man who has had long and close exper
ience of Boers and their character. This
gentleman's suggestion is that the mys
tery that seems to envelop the Boers'
movements may be due to the fact that
they are quietly retiring from Tugela and
other advanced positions toward the
Drakensburg passes, leaving small bodies
behind them to mask their withdrawal.
He cites reputed movements of com
mandos with guns in the neighborhood of
Ladysmith, and confused reports, as to
the abandonment of the Colenso trenches,
in suppport of his theory. In the Drak
ensburg range the passes are naturally
fo strong, and have besides been so well
fortiiicd, that the burghers may well look
upon them as the ancients looked upon
Thermopylae.
With the withdrawal kept secret, the
email bodies left to mask the general re
tirement, unhampered by guns or stores,
would, according to this gentleman, have
a good chance of making their way to a
place of safety when the British advance
made their retreat necessary.
Reports that Colenso and Groblers
Klocf have been abandoned by the Boers
geem now to be open to doubt, as one cor
respondent telegraphs that the Boers are
still :n Colenso, while another quotes
statements that the Boers have mounted
another gun at Groblers Kloof.
The censor is evidently determined that
nothing shall come through from Buller's
army until his movement has been com
pleted, but although there is much that
is dubious and uncertain about the exact
situation in Natal, the feeling is growing
that General Buller's turning movements
are having a real and possibly decisive de
fect.
The facts that seem well assured are
very f^*', but. such as they are, they all
point in the same direction. Buller has
not been heard of since his arrival at
Potgleters Drift, with the enemy four and
a half miles in front of him.
It is said that General Warren has
crossed the Tugela— at what point was not
mentioned— and that some of the British
cavalry are on the north Fide of the river.
The apparent ease with which Buller
made his way westward and crossed the
Little Tugela leads to the natural infer
ence that Springfield was not held by the
contingent of the Boers with guns which
¦was reported eeveral days ago to be there.
And if both on their extreme right at
Springfield and* on their extreme left at
Klangwand and Inhlawe Mountains the
Boers were discovered to have vacated
their Ftrong positions, it follows that their
line, because of Its extension over twenty
miles, was too weak and that prudence
dictated concentration, probably near
Onderbrook Spruit, between Ladysmith
and Colenso.
Simultaneously menaced on the east
and west, they must do one of two things,
collect their forces behind very strong
Intrenchments. where they must be dis
lodged by assault before Ladysmith can
be relieved, or else Joubert is retreating
from Colenso and east and will fall upon
Buller's column with his whole strength,
hoping to crush him before assistance can
arrive from Warren.
This second alternative seems much
more plausible, for It accounts for the
rapid removal of Boer commandos from
the Immediate neighborhood of the river.
A jrood road runs northwest from Bulwer
bridge toward Roodepoort and Dewdrop,
past Ondcrbrook Spruit. If the Boers
availed themselves of this route they
would interest Buller on the march from
Potgicters Drift northward and compel
him to accept battle.
If these suppositions are even approxi
mately correct there must be some heavy
lighting going on northwest of Colenso
and close to Dewdrop. of which we may
receive news at any moment.
From Ladysmith there is another con
siderable list of deaths by disease, show-
Ing that the garrison is suffering under
the strain of the Fiege.
To what extent White's command will
be able to co-operate with the relief col
umn is uncertain. The men must be ex
hauftttd and horses out of condition. They
cannot be good for much until they have
had some weeks of rest. Thus their
nominal strength of S5OO men and sixty
runs does not represent their true fighting
force.
A dispatch received this • morning
through on agency contains the strange
statement that ten trainloads of mounted
men had been sent back to Durban by
General Buller. They took the train
Saturday for the mouth of the Tugela
River, and It is said they are to march
through Zululand. There is no corrobora
tion of this dispatch, and it is hard to see
why a large body of such men as are
now most needed at the front should be
cent at this time to make so long a march.
From other regions of the war there is
little important news. General Wood
has established himself at Zoutpans Drift,
well within the Orange Free State.
General French is still working around
Colesberg. He has mounted a big gun
en an almost inaccessible hill north of the
ers Kop were driven out by the British
faaturday. Commandant Nel, on the west
of the town, and the Pretoria commando
on the north have taken the kopjes com
manding Caesars Camp, from whic they
maintain a continuous sniping of the
British. The Pretoria commando lost six
men .killed and six wounded in attempting
to storm the fort.
WORRYING THE BOERS.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— 1t is said dispatches
have been received from Colesberg, da*ed
Friday, January 12. saying Colonel Por
ter, with the ' mounted -' New Zealanders
and the New South Wales lancers, were
worrying the Boers from kopje to kopje
by plucky, hazardous moves. The colo
nials, it is added, were completely non
plusing the burghers. A party of Rem
ington scouts, eluding the Boer pickets,
entered Norvals Pont and secured val
uable information.
GARRINGTON ORDERED SOUTH.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— Major General Sir
Frederick Garrington. the well-known
South African officer, until now com
mander of the Belfast district, has been
ordered to South" Africa.
VISITED BOER PRISONERS.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 13.— Webster Davis,
the United States Assistant Secretary of
the Interior, visited the Boer prisoners
to-day and subsequently dined with the
admiral. He then visited and bade fare
well to the Governor. Sir Alfred Mllner,
previous to starting for the Transvaal.
MACRUM ON WAY HOME.
PORT SAID, Jan. 15.— Charles E. Ma
crum, formerly United States Consul at
Pretoria, left here on board the steamer
"Koenig to-day for Naples, on his way
home.
WEAPONS ON BUNDESBATH.
BERLIN, Jan. 15.— The belief here is
that the weapons found aboard the Bun
desrath are those described on the ship's
papers as two cases of fowling pieces.
seph Chamberlain, says: "We under
stand on tho highest authority that If the
Government is defeated in Parliament on
the question of the war the Cabinet will
immediately appeal to the country, all the
Ministers having decided to stand to
gether and not to permit any individual
Minister to be made a scapegoat." • .
¦ ?
ALL BURGHERS ARE
ORDERED TO THE FRONT
[Special Cable to the Xew York Herald. Copy
rlKht. 1900. by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publlcation of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.!
LONDON, Jan. 16.— The special corre
spondent of the Daily Mail sends this dis
patch:
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Saturday,
Jan. 13.— President Kruger has Issued a
proclamation ordering all burghers to the
front. The Volkssten suggests! that im
mediately the British cross the border, the
gold industry should be irretrievably de
stroyed. President Kruger has also issued
a circular dated January 8 to Boer gen
erals, commandants and burghers, urging
that they should show more energy in the
Transvaal cause.
FREE STATE CALLS
OUT ALL AVAILABLE MEN
LONDON. Jan. 16.— The Times corre
spondent at Lourenzo Marquez, telegraph
ing last Saturday, says:
"The Free State has now called out
every available man. including the leading
merchants, who had expected to enjoy
Immunity. The Volkssten, in the course
of an article obviously inspired, indicates
the gold tax as a political move, holding
that if the assumption be correct that the
bulk of Rand shares is held on the Conti
nent, Germany, France and other coun
tries must recognize the desirability of
bringing the war to a speedy close. It
adds that every day the war continues
costs the shareholders £17,000. A threat
of confiscation will be used to enforce the
tax.
"With the invaluable assistance of a
considerable number of British subjects,
the Boer Government is steadily increas
ing the yield from the mines, thus secur
ing funds to pay foreigners employed in
the manufacture of explosives, shells and
other agents for the prosecution of the
war. The time must come when the Im
perial Government will proclaim that such
British subjects will be prosecuted for
treason or deprived of British citizenship.
"The Boer Government is feeding 14,000
British subjects. I am informed that the
Portuguese customs officials recently
seized three cases of contraband contain
ing field signaling appliances consigned by
a French firm."
PRESBYTERIANS IN
FAVOR OF "CIVILIZATION"
CHICAGO. Jan. 15.— At the regular
weekly meeting of the Presbyterian min
isters of Chicago to-day Rev. Arthur J.
Brown, D. D., of New York, secretary of
the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Mis
sions, made an address in which he took
strong grounds against the Boers and in
favor of the British in their present con
flict for supremacy in South Africa.
"I am in favor of England in her fight
in Africa because I know she will carry
the spirit of humanity with her," Bald Dr.
Brown. "There Is always a breath of civ
ilization following the British flag."
The speaker also spoke in favor of re
taining the Philippines, "for the sake of
civilization and the spirit of religion."
Following his remarks upon England in
Africa, Dr. Brown commented on the in
ternational complications in Asia and said:
"It is in Asia that England's real power
will be found. . With the menacing atti
tude of France and Russia, England must
look well or she will be forced to war
with these nations. But her hand will
spread the word of God, and therefore we
should look with favor upon her."
Dr. Brown's remarks caused consider
able comment among the clergymen pres
ent - "' .^
BROKER BADLY
BEATEN ON 'CHANGE
LONDON, Jan. 15.— A disgraceful scene
occurred on the Stock Exchange to-day.
When Maurice Herzfelder of the big stock
brokerage firm of Kahn & Herzfelder, do-
were to divide the- Transvaal among
themselves.
"They and their companies found the
money for the raid. Do you think we are
so innocent not to know that Rhodes,
metaphorically speaking, held a pistol at
the heads of certain men in England and
said to them: 'If you don't support me I
shall denounce you and your complicity in
the raid'?"
At this staee, according to Mr. Robin
son, President Kruger became more ex
cited and shouted so loudly that people In
the street stopped to listen to the conver
sation. Kruger then said:
"And now you are remonstrating, with
me about arming. It is true lam arming,
and It is because I see clearly that I must
defend my country."
To this Mr. Robinson replied: "The
British public is aroused, .if any attempt
were made again to enter this country
While News Is Awaited of Fighting at Ladysmith the Daily Report
Comes of a British Repulse.
JOUBERT MAY TRY
TO CRUSH BULLER
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1900.
I BIG REDUCTION H
I IN HIGH-GRADE Z\
j TAILOR-MADE SUITS. JRM
J See pri.es below: /flfS}^
1 Pack Suits f15.50 L\\\'M ¥"""
I Frock Suits 22.50 fohHH.Vr'
1 Prince Albert Suits 25.00 K ! /|ljh ',{'<{,
I Full Dress Suits... 4O.tM» g£g|] >V^
1 Overcoats SO.OO w&';?#U
1 Pants 4.50 &k# ; < : ;;
(ktmm mm
j 1110-IU2 Market St., T^><**'^|
I 201-203 Montgromery st. IJy^s JH* ; - 1
j SAN FRANCISCO. V££r'<-. ; 1
I 1011 "Washington st.,
i Oakland. nmlfl
% ' *
m** Jl •2hC*'cw'" 43bbp" 1^^ £sbrt^^ —
4* we repeat that word— success— crowned our efforts from the very first *£.
jjf minute of our great +g»
I white sale. §
«5* the thousands who attended yesterday— the first day— were surprised and ?$?
J^ delighted at the magnificent display of +£.
| white goods, f
you are especially Invited to come to-day and see
4? the two. largest bales of cotton the wonderful lace and embroidery
* the "really and truly" Southern cotton ; >Mf /fl/ , £
«|* plantation tng un jq Ue cotton signs "QT
»% the negro cabins built of white goods the new foulard silks 4£-
the new Arnold knit goods the latest millinery importations
and the almost endless display of new good goods. +£.
at the same time hsar ••
J£ Warren & Lombardero's orchestra +£.
4* from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music In ths following program ?£•
t from two to five p. m.: A
jfc /. cmokey Mokes— Holzman 8. Popular Songs
<P 2. Zampa Overture— Herold 9. Little Tycoon Overture — Spencer i
4* 3. Lady Love Waltzes— Rosy 10. Folies-Bergere- Zuiki *T
jk, 4. Popular Song 11. Maritana— Wallace
*? 5. Hands Across the Sea—Sousa 12. La Perla—Mora 5
A 6. Lucia— Donizetti 13. First Violin Waltzes— Witt *fr
«k 7. Ragtime Waltz— Gray 14. Andy Mandy's Wedding— Tyero A
*? 15. Zulama—Lombardero
but, best of all, take advantage of tho wonderfully low prices In
*Z^ all departments. ~*
4* as many said yesterday, our stors is truly +2.
1 "a white city." J
4+ Ist us give you a few plain facts about oup white sale : ?$*
A the greater part of this vast stock was accumulated for this sale. £L.
.*f muslins and linens are going much higher, our present stocks, however, j£
T+ were bargained for lon.^ ago — soms before advances began : all before
r\ they had amounted to much, any housewife Is justified in laving In a
*& y-ar's supply of muslins anJ linens— and she will (by saving) earn a good 7l
7* miny timss the interest paid by savings banks. 4y
jk yesterday's sales made a new high-water mark in our store, why? £^
•^ because money goes farthest here ; because any woman can really be Z?
4* satisfy d with the white goods (and any other goods) we sell. 4£
4* if we please you, tell others; if we don't, tell us. "^
J? moiher Jsu^^^Gooo cooi>»^^ factory V
likes." — "^ store." . &
+ > 935-947 Market Street. 4. +
for REMOVAL and DEPARTURE
THE ENTIRE STOCK
OF THE
TURKISH RUG GU,
WILL BE SOLD OU"H
AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
COMMENCING
/49 THUR.SDAUan.IB
STOCKTON, Corner Geary.
Opposite the City of Paris.
This new building has been secured for th!s
important sale. "
GOODS ON VIEW "WEDNESDAY.
:: Palace and I
:: Grand Hotels \
" For nearly a quarter of a century th» °
' ' leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
< • With added Improvements and con- < >
? > venlences they contlnu. to be the head- < >
x quartan for tourists and travelers vis- . >
T lUns San Francisco. I
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ?
? Manager. , h
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE. *13 FOLSOM ST.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
F^eetritrS a°£ 2^°^°^
plaints of the Organ* of Generation.
Price n a bottle. For »ale by drurststa.
12