THE BATTLE OF BELMONT
deemed necessary or advisable to
make an attack. That a general
battle, raging over some twenty
miles of country, should take
place is not likely. A series of
engagements should follow, one
after another, the British doing
their best to seize upon Ihnlawe
and Springfield/ so as to cover
further maneuvering against se
lected spots in the Boer line of
intrenchments.
It is difficult to follow the
fighting around Colesberg. As
General French's forces are al
most surrounding Colesberg, his
right and left are different, ac
cording as they are looked at
from north or south. It may be
assumed the Boers would be like
ly to make a movement to clear
this communication with the
Free State to the north and east,
and would send a force north
ward. Without a definite • de
scription of the positions of the
units of French's forces it is im
possible to ascertain exactly the
various moves in this contest be
tween forces of equal mobility.
The arrival of the household
cavalry, field artillery and a bat
talion of the Essex regiment,
which have been sent to General
French, should be sufficient to
force the Boers to evacuate
Colesberg.
The fighting at Moiteno is in
structive in several respects. The
Boers can obviously cling to their
positions with obstinate tenacity
and are not to be driven out ex
cept by patient and scientific gen
eralship, but when they attempt
ed a counter attack they failed.
This has been the case through
the war. Had the British force
possessed cavalry the Boers
might have suffered. As it is,
cavalry or more mounted infan- ;
try are needed at every point by
Methuen, Gatacre and Buller.
The belated news from Mafe
king describing the sortie on De-
General Buller Believed to Have Again As
sumed the Offensive — Colonel Baden-
Po well's Force Sallied Forth Against a
Boer Fort and Was Driven Back After a
Fierce Battle.
Continued on Second ' Page.
WARSHIPS
ARE SENT
BY FRANCE
If an Attempt Is Made
to Forcibly Compel
Santo Domingo to
Pay a Claim Several
Powers May Inter-
Eperfal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. Jan. s— lf the French Gov
ernment attempts to forcibly com
pel the payment of the Boisemare-
Caccavelli claim by levying upon the rev
rnues of Santo Domingo the matter is
likely to become an object of concern to
two or three powers, including the United
States. The syndicate whlcn finances the
Inland has Belgian. Holland and French
end English as well as American stock
holders, and it is to V>e presumed that
the*e several Governments will anxiously
watch over the interests of their respec
tive citizens. The United States recently
formally recognized the Jimines Govern
ment, taking this action when it was as
sured that the new Government would
assume the obUgaOcmi of the Heureaux
administration. No specific matters were
mentioned aa coming within this assur
ance, but the authorities understand it to
mean protection of the syndicate's rights
as welJ as payment of the remainder of
the Ozaraa bridge claim, which was de
cided in favor of Nathaniel McKay.
The authorities understand that a
Frcr.ch man-of-war is at Santo Domingo.
The gunboat Machias has also been in the
waters of Santo Domingo for some little
time, and the armored cruiser New York
recently called at the Island's capital.
The information at the State Depart
xr.er.t respecting the dispute between
France and Santo Domingo is meager.
consisting of the claim and of the failure
, of the Jimines Government to pay install
ments. The authorities certainly sympa
thize with France, having had experience
In the collection of claims from South
American Governments.
I was told at the State Department to
day that M. Thiebault. French charge
d'affaires, had made no representations in
this matter to the State Department. The
Jimints Government, according to official
information received here, has repudiated
j-aper money issued by former President
Heureaux and the National Bank. Natu
rally foreign interests have been seriously
Injured by this proceeding, especially
American citizens, who are the principal
holders cf the money.
Representatives of several powers in
Santo Domingo have made protests
against this action, but they have been
unavailing. In view of thl« fact and the
further failure of the Jimines Government
to continue to r^>* Installments of the
Boisemare-Caecavelll claim France has
probably come to the conclusion that In
timidation will be beneficial, and hence
the report that she has sent instructions
under which a naval force will be assem
bled ,-v Sar.to Domingo.
PARIS. Jan. s.— The French Government
has cabled the commandant of the naval
b^.-Orcii oa the Atlantic to proceed im
mediately to Santo Domingo.
In view of the reeling in Santo Domingo
acainet the action of the French Consul in
preEFlngtheßoisemare-Caccavelli claim of
TSO.OOO irancs. the following statement of
the French position is given from a source
whose accuracy of Information is unde
niable:
"In accordance with the treaty conclud
ed in ISSS between President Heureaux
ar.d the French Minister to Haytl the
Government of Santo Domingo agreed to
turn ever to the French Consul a monthly
indemnity in reparation for services ren
dered and damages sustained by families
of French citizens who had been assassi
nated. In default of payment the treaty
stipulated that action might be taken
against the improvement company having
the concession to collect the revenues of
the island. Since the assassination of
Presid'-nt Heureaux the Indemnity has
been withheld, but on account of the dis
turbances following his death France
made no immediate demand for payment.
As more than Fix months has passed
without action, and Santo Domingo show
ing bad faith in the execution of the obli
gations, the French Consul, in conformity
with the tfeatyj received an order to place
an embargo on the revenues of the im
provement company. The execution of
this ordt-r provoked disturbances which
the Government of Santo Domingo has
r.ot attempted to suppress and serious in
fults have been efferrd to France and the
consulate. As soon as advised the French
cuthorities cabled to the commander of
the French Atlantic squadron to proceed
immediately to Santc Domingo."
BIG RECONNOISSANCE.
FRERE CAMP. Natal. Jan. s.— There
was a reeonnoissance In force from
Chleveley this forenoon with 2000 horse
and two guns, the object being to locate
the enemy on a hill south of Hlangwano
Hill. Several shells were fired, supple
mented by the naval gun. The enemy re
plied at long range, but did not touch tha
British. Lord Dundonald. perceiving a
strong mounted force issuing beyond tha
range of the British guns, with the evi
dent Intention of working around his
flank, directed the force to retire to
Chleveley.
The Boers' heliograph can be seen work
ing from a ridge north of Colenso to tha
Boer camp at Umbulwane.
¦ During the cannon fire natives In tha
valley can be seen plowing complacently.
their trenches nearer to town,
and to be trying to open com
munication with the outside
world. With General Methuen
checked and Pltimmer at a stand
still, the chances for the relief of
Mafeking are exceedingly
slender.
GREAT BRAVERY SHOWN
IN UNSUCCESSFUL SORTIE
LONDON. January 6. 4:45 a. m.— The
Times publishes the following dispatch
from Mafeking. dated December 26:
"At, dawn to-day Colonel Baden-Powell
organized an unsuccessful attack upon a
strong position of the enemy at Gametree,
two miles from, Mafeking, from which the
Boers have been maintaining a desultory
but annoying: shell and rifle fire for sev
eral weeks. The railway has recently
been reconstructed between the town and
Gametree, where the Boers had de-
cember 26 shows that Colonel
Baden-Powell suffered consider
able loss. The British assault
seems to have been pushed right
up to the earthworks, and then
to have been of necessity aban
doned. The Boers had strength
ened their position so as to make
it practically impregnable. Of
the small storming force of some
eighty men, twenty-one were
Baden-Powell reports that the
general situation remains un
changed, and that the health of
the garrison is satisfactory. But
there is no doubt that the invest
ment is becoming closer, and that
the besieged, force feel it neces
sary to.be making every, effort to
prevent the Boers advancing-
APPEAL FOR AID TO
EQUIP A HOSPITAL
LONDON. Jan. 6.— The Duchess of
Marlborough, the Countess of Essex.
I^ady Georgiana Curzon. Madame Van
Ar.dree and the members of the Impe
rial Yeomanry hospital furd appeal
through the Associated Press to the
people of the United States and Canada
In behalf of their efforts to equip and
maintain a hospital with a base at Cape
Town. The Duchess of Marlborough eaid
to-day:
"The Duke of Marlborough Is certainly
going to South Africa at the earliest op
portunity, although his appointment Is
r.ot yet announced. We are all naturally
much interested In the war and especially
in the success of the Imperial Yeomanry.
Th* hospital scheme has the sanction of
Lord Lar.sdowne and Lord Wantage. We
have already secured £10,000 and need
£30,000 to provide ISO beds for the dura
tion of the war. It has occurred to the
ladies of the committee that we may
properly count on the assistance of the
American and Canadian people In our ef
forts to establish a hospital at Cape
Town, and as the matter has not been
presented to them we believe they only
need to know our wants to grant us gen
erous aid."
Lady Essex (formerly Miss Adele Beech
Grant of New York) said to-night:
"It only needs £5 to equip and maintain
a bed In the hospital. Each individual,
city or corporation sending such amount
will have a bed named in his honor. This
forms a definite, tangible object for con
tributions and we can assure the people of
America that every dollar contrbuted will
reach the object the donor desires. Cer
tainly, then, scores of American and Ca
nadian citizens will be clad to have a
hospital bed named for them by contrib
uting such a sum. We trust this appeal
will meet with the hearty approval of the
American people."
The Duke of Marlborough Is In town ar
ranging for his departure for South Afri
ca. He takes with him four horses, four
raules ar.d a N'oval cart.
RETURNS WITH FUGITIVES.
BELMONT, Cape Colony, Jan. s.—Colo
nel Pilcher's column, with the Douglass
refugees, returned to camp this morning.
LONDON, Jan. 6.— The ap
parent breaking of the
calm on the Tugela River,
where Buller faces Joubert, the
immobility at Modeler River,
where Cronje blocks Methuen's
advance, the activity at other
centers of war is the general as
pect this morning of the situation
in South" Africa. Those who con
trol the transmission of news
from the Cape have allowed al
most minute knowledge of Colo
nel Pilcher's raid up to Douglas,
General French's engagement
around Colesberg and General
Gatacre's repulsion of the attack
on Moiteno, to reach London.
These engagements all resulted
more or less favorably to the
British arms, which explains their
prompt transmission.
From the Tugela River, how
ever, come dispatches which give
evidence of having been rigidly
censored. Of course, it is a
measure of prudence that no ink
ling of the movements which
General Buller intends to make
against the foe should reach the
ears of General Joubert, but as
the Boers have hitherto been ex
ceptionally well served by their
intelligence department, it seems
doubtful whether the dispatches
couli tell them anything which
they do not know already.
Within a few days 7000 addi
tional troops will be landed in
Natal, but whether it is possible
to wait for them or whether Gen
eral Buller's hands may be forced
by increasing the difficulties un
der which Ladysmith labors, it is
impossible to say. Meanwhile
extended reconnoissances are the
order of the day on the Tugela,
to discover the presence and posi
tion of Boer batteries. Wherever
there are indications of the ene
my's strength the naval guns are
brought into play.
General Buller is now strong
enough to advance should it be
Scene of Lord Methuen's first battle, November 23, on his flying march to the relief of Kimberley. This sketch is reproduced from the
London Graphic.
BRITONS WERE
DRIVEN BACK
Baden-Powell's Force Sustained
'Heavy .Loss in th>e AttacK
on a Boer Fort.
LONDON, Jan. s.— The War Office has received . through General
Forestier- Walker at Cape Town the following dispatch from Colonel
Baden-Powell, dated Mafeking, December 26:
"We attacked one of the enemy's works this morning, endeavor
ing to push back the cordon northward. Our force consisted of three
guns, two squadrons of the Protectorate Begiment,' one of the Bechun
naland •Rifles', armored train, etc. The enemy had strengthened their
works during the night and doubled the garrison since yesterday's re
connaissance.
•'Nevertheless, our attack was carried out and pressed home with
the greatest possible gallantry and steadiness under a very heavy fire.
But all efforts to gain the interior by escalade failed, the fort, being
practically impregnable.
"Our attack only withdrew after six of our officers and a large
number of men had bean hit. Nothing could have exceeded the courage
,and dash displayed. \^> ¦
"The general situation remains unchanged and the health and
spirits of the garrison are very satisfactory.
"I regret to report the following casualties:
I KILLED.
"Captain J. R. Vernon, Captain H. C. Sanfreid, Lieutenant H. C.
Paton, eighteen non-commissioned officers and troopers.
¦ WOUNDED.
"Captain Charles Fitzclarence, twenty-three non-commissioned
officers and troopers.
' PRISONERS.
"Three troopers."
General Forestier- Walker points out that while the dispatch gives
all the names, it fails to show that six officers were hit.
LONDON, Jan. 6, 5 a. m. — Rumors are current here this morning that General Buller has assumed the
offensive and has already started fighting on the Tugela and that he has been heavily shelling the
Boer intrenchments.
The reports are not confirmed. It is known that this shelling is a necessary preliminary to an at
tack, but it seems doubtful if a general movement by British forces has begun. That this reported fight
ing may be an attack on commandos which are on the south bank of the river is by no means unlikely.
These must be dislodged before the real attempt to force the passage of the river can be commenced.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Gordon Bennett.
REPORTED RENWAL OF
FIGHTING ON THE TUGELA
GILLMORE AND
OTHERS RESCUED
FROM FILIPINOS
Among the Brave Tars "Who
Lost Their Lives "W^hile
Members of Landing Parties
Were Several Californians.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.— After a
silence of several days, General
Otis Is able to notify the War
Department of the complete
success of the military opera
tions in Northwest Luzon, the main object
of which was the rescue of the American
prisoners, which the insurgents took with
them in their flight. Although General
Otis does not speedy Lieutenant Gilmore.
U. S. >.., by name, the wording of his
message is taken to mean that that offi
cer Is among the list of rescued prisoners.
General Otis" message is as follows:
MANILA. Jan. s.—Colonels. —Colonels Hare and Howse
Just, arrived at Vtgan, Northwest Luzon, with
all American prisoners. Their successful pur
suit a remarkable achievement. Generals
Sen wan anil Wheaton now wtth separate col
umns in Cavlte province. Affairs in I,uzon.
north of Manila, greatly Improved. OTIS.
In the absence of a detailed statement
from the admiral as to the personality of
the prisoners tne officials of the Navy
Department have prepared the following
statement, which although believed to be
correct. Is subject to amendment:
Naval prisoners In the hands of the
Filipinos rescued by Colonel Hare:
Captured from the Marlveles: William
Juraschka, boatswain's mate, first-class,
born in Germany, does not claim any next
of kin.
Captured from the Urdanetta and be
lieved to have been just released: Ben
jamin J. Greene, coxswain, born in San
Francisco, next of kin. B. J. Greene,
father, LO3 Angeles. California: Edward
Burke, ordinary seaman, born in Boston.
Mass., residence New York, next of kin
Hannah Moore, aunt, Dorchester, Mass. ;
George Daniel Powers, apprentice, first
class, born Smartsvllle. California, next
of kin, Mrs. M. Betancue, mother. Oak
land, Cal.; James Farley, fireman, first
class, born Newark, N, J.. next of kin.
Mrs. P. Farley, mother, Newark.
Captured from the Yorktown's boat and
believed to have been released: Lieuten
ant J E. Gillmore; William Walton, chief
quartermaster, born Manheim. Germany,
no r.ext of kin: John Ellsworth, cox
swain, born Portsmouth, N. H., no next of
klr; Lyman Paul Edwards, " landsman,
born in Peru, Ind., next of kin. L. D. Ed
wards, father, M.rico. Ind.; Paul Van
doit, sailma» k er'st mate, born in France,
next of kin. P. Vandoit. father, San Luis
Obispo, Cal.; Silvio Brlzolez. landsman,
born in San Francisco, next of kin, Llcolo
Brlzolez, father. San Francisco; Albert
Peterson, apprentice, first-class, born in
Oakland, Cal.. next of kin, Louis Peter
son, Oakland: Fred Anderson, landsman,
born In Buffalo. N. V.. next of kin. Chris
tiana Anderson, mother. Buffalo. N. Y.
By this statement It appears that the
following Yorktown men. who were
wounded, were also released: William
Rlnders. coxswain, born in Holland, next
of kin Mrs. M. H. Nyhous. cousin. San
Francisco; Orrison W. Woodbury. sen
man, born In Lynn. Mass.. next of kin
John G. Woodbury, father. Lynn; Denzell
G A. Venvllle. apprentice, second da**,
born In Dudley. England, next of kin E.
Mash, Sellwood. Or.
The statement thus makes it appear
that the following sailors, included In the
Urdanetta and Yorktown parties, were
killed: ¦ i-'l
Of the Urdanetta— Cadet W. C. Wood:
William Mitchell, seaman, born in Buck3
vllle. S. C. residence New York City, next
of kin George Mitchell, father. BucUs
vllle. S. C: Samuel Jones Tilden Herbert,
ordinary seaman, born In Charles County,
Maryland, residence Baltimore. Md.. next
of kin Richard O. Herbert, brother. Bal
timore. Md.: Arthur William DrummoivJ,
machinist, first class, born In Canada,
next of kin Mrs. Davis. Bathell. Canada;
Thomas Gray, fireman, second class, born
In Buffalo. N. V., next of kin not given;
Samuel Stone, seaman, born In Vilna.
Russia, residence Fall River. Mass., next
of kin A. J. Schon. Fall River.
Of the Yorktown— John Dillon, lands
man, born In Galway. Ireland, next of kin
George Cavener, Honolulu, H. I.; Charles
Albert Morrlssey. landsman, born at Co
lumbus, Neb., next of kin Mrs. J. C. Mor
rlssey, Lincoln. Neb.: Ora B. McDonald,
ordinary seaman, born In Carmel Valley.
Cal., next of kin P. McDonald, father.
Monterey: Edward J. Nygard. gunner's
mate, third class, born at Warsaw. Rus
sia, next of kin Sophia Nygard. -wife,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
INSURGENTS MURDER
AMERICAN PRISONERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Jan. 6. 10 a. m.— Captain Leon
hauser and Lieutenant Enoch Bates, with
two companies of the Twenty-fifth, while
reconnolterlng at Trials, attacked a rebel
camp yesterday. During the fight the In
surgents took three Ninth and two
Twelfth infantrymen from prison and
forced them' to kneel in front of a firing
party. At the first volley they killed two
outright. Not having time to re-form th«*
firing party the three men not killed by
bullets were attacked with bolus and
horribly hacked. When the Americana
marched in two of the men were still
alive, but can hardly survive.
TWENTY-FIVE FILIPINOS
SLAIN IN A FIGHT
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
alJ. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Uordon
Bennett.
MANILA, Jan. 5.— A brilliant reconnais
sance was made to-day by Captain Long
and fourteen men of the Thirty-ninth In
fantry from Brang to Carmota to drive
200 Insurgents from their heavy entrench
ments. Twenty-five of the enemy were
killed. Our force was surrounded for
hours, but there were no casualties among
the Americans.
More than a hundred artillery shells sent
by a gunboat on Laguna de Bal were
tampered with en route from Manila. The
fuses had been cut. so that the project! U s
would explode on contact. This was evi
dently an attempt to destroy a launch or
gunboat when the shells were being hand
led. Suspicion points to spies In our ser
vice, i
A Filipino • paper published In Cavlte
province Issued an extra flysheet lant
month appealing to the people to resist
MANILA, Jan. s.— Colonel Luther R. Hare
of the Thirty-third Infantry and Lieutenant
Colonel Robert L. How.se of the Thirty-fourth
Infantry, with the American prisoners, includ
ing Lieutenant Gillmore, have arrived at Vi£an,
province of South llocos.
LIEUTENANT JAMES E. GILL
MORE, U. S. N.
[Reproduced from Hareer's Weekly.]
This daring officer, who has
been taken from his Filipino cap
tors, t» one of the most popular
men on the navy. He 13 4i years
old. and is the son of the late
James Gillmore of the firm of
Yard, Gillmore & Co.. wholesale
silk merchants of Philadelphia.
The lieutenant went to Manila at
his own urgent request. So eager
was he to get to the Philippines
that he used his friends in Wash
ington to secure for him the as
signment. As an officer of the
navy he has a brilliant record. He
has been in the service ever since
IS7I. and has filled numerous posts
afloat and ashore. During the
Spanish war he was executive of
ficer for Captain Sigsbee on the
St. Paul, and was later placed in
command of the torpedo-boat
Peter. He ha 3 been on duty be
fore In the Asiatic station, and
was once with the Bering Sea pa
trol. In fact it was at Sitka that
the lieutenant married his pres
en* wife. In IS9I Lieutenant Gill
more .was assistant to Admiral
Dewey when.Dewey was chief of
the bureau of equipment. Mrs.
Gillmore at present- is residing in
the Americans, anci rmog assurance tr.at
"the Democrats under Dr. Bryan wouid
give them indemnity."
AMERICAN GUNBOAT
SEIZES AN ISLAND
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.— The United
States navy has taken possession of an
other island In the. Far East. The news
of the seizure was contained in the fol
lowing dispatch:
CAVITE. Jan. s.— On December 21 TVenr»
baush. commanding the Albany (a little gun
boat), hoisted the fiaf on Slbulu Island, and
the chief Dato provided and raised the pole.
Natives and North Borneo authorities pleased.
WATSON.
The island lies at the southwestern
angle of the boundary line of the quad
rangle enclosing the Philippine group. It
is probably, but not positively, outside of
the line, and lies very near the coast' of
Borneo, commanding the principal chan
nel, but Is not one of the Islands of tha
Philippines. The Sultan Of Jolo, whosa
group is close to this island, is believed
to claim jurisdiction over it. and as hts
authority Is recognized by the native
tribes on the north coast of Borneo and
vicinity It is believed that his claim is
well founded. It was probably at his
Instance that the naval officer command-
Ing the gun-boat moved.
OTIS' DAILY QUOTA
TO CASUALTY LIST
"WASHINGTON. Jan. s.— General Otis*
latest list of casualties Is as follows:
MANILA Jan s.— KlUe<l In action at Ban
»que. December 31: Twelfth Infantry. Company
\. John Q. Cartsr. Engagement near Santa
lt'ora October 1% — Thirty-seventh Infantry.
Company H, Georg-e Lambkin: Twenty-second
Infantry. Company K. Harry H. Stone.
Wounded In action: At Montalbon. December
27— Forty-nlxth Infantry. Company I. William
Hatton. chest, mortal; Eleventh Cavalry-
Company L>, Sergeant Joseph L. Hordemon,
foot. s'.ißht: Company I* Harry Ross, thigh,
slight: Company SJ. Sergeant Fred Stanley, leg.
Might. Action near San Itateo. December 13—
Twenty-ninth Infantry. Company H, Peter
Thompson, corporal, thigh, slight.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 37.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
The San Francisco CallAre You Going to Nome
in the Spring ?
"If I were getting $400 a month here I
would not go to Nome, unless- 1 was a
young man." That is what a conserva
tive man from N'omeland said. Next Sun
day's Call will tell a young man who is
getting less than $400 per month what can
be done In Nome.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.— Robert T. Lincoln and Norman B. Ream, executors of
the estate of George M. Pullman, were to-day alloted as compensation for
their services the sum of $425,000. The order was entered by Judge Batten
in the Probate Court.
This is said to be the largest amount In fees ever allowed executors of
any estate handled by the Probate Court here. The compeneatlon was agreed
upon with the approval of Mrs. Harriet Sanger Pullman, the widow, Mrs.
Frank O. Lowden and the other residuary legatees before the order of the
court wns asked.
Another order was made fixing the widow's award at CO.OOO. Under ordi
nary circumstances this award probably would not have been over half this
sum. but Mrs. Pullman, through her counsel, moved the court for the as
eignnaent named and was Joined in the request by her daughters, Mrs. Flor
ence Pullman Lowden and Mrs. Harriet Pullman Carolan, who represented
that It was the purpose of their mother to apply the whole amount of the
widow's award in the erection of a monument in Graceland Cemetery to the
memory of her late husband. It was declared in the petition that the two
daughters desired to participate In the erection of the monument and there
fore joined In the motion that the award be fixed at the amount named.
The final accounting of the executors in the Pullman estate is expected
to be made next week. It is said that the estate, which was listed at about
J5.000,000 when the will was probated, will now figure up to nearly $14,000,003.
HEWS OF THE WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Continued from First Page.
etroyed It, the final repairs being made In
preparation for the sortie.
"During the night the armored train,
with Maxim and Hotchkiss guns, under
Captain Williams and troops, took up po
sitions for attack from two sides. Cap
tain Lord Charles Bentinck and a squad
ron were in reserve upon the left, while
the extreme left wing was occupied by
artillery under Major Panzera and a gal
loping Maxim of the Cape Police, the
¦wricle being under Colonel Hore.
"Emplacements were thrown up during
the night, the orders being to atfack at
dawn, and the artillery f.re to desist upon
prolonged tooting from the armored train.
At daybreak the guns opened fire and
rapidly drew the reply from the enemy,
our shells bursting within effective range.
Captain Vernon gave the signal to cease
:.r-.:.^- and to advance, bis squadron lead
ing off.
eign Office, who was Interviewed this
evening, said that Great Britain had not
yet answered Germany's request for an
explanation of the seizure, but that the
reply was expected In the course of a few
days. The Foreign Office, according to
this official, has not yet concluded that
Great Britain Is trying to ride roughshod
over Germany.
The correspondent asked what position
Germany takes regarding England's right
to search German ships on the high seas.
The official answered that nothing could
be divulged at this stage of the negotia
tions, but he pointed out that the Bundes
rath was sailing for a Portuguese port.
On being asked what Germany would do
should it turn out that the Bundesrath
was carrying contraband he gave a non
committal reply, but conveyed the Im
pression that such a discovery would se
riously damage Germany's case.
The correspondent then asKed whether
Germany had taken steps to be represent
ed at Durban during the Investigation of
the cargo. To this inquiry an evasive an
swer was given, but the official Implied
that Ger: '.any would undoubtedly take
this course If the British report should be
adverse.
"As our men engaged the position with
the rifle fire It was soon found that the
urength of the fort was greater than we
had sui>i>osed. The enemy concentrated
f uch an exceedingly hot f.re that the ad
vance of Captain Vernon was almost im
possible: but, with remarkable heroism
end gallantry. Captains Sandford and
Vernon, Lieutenant Patton and Scout
Cooke. who jruifJed the squadrons, and. a
few men actually reached the sandbags
of the fort within 300 yards of the area of
the fort.
'•But nothing living could exist there
eince the ground was swept by Mauser
and Martini bullets. The men who charged
through this zone of fire suffered terribly,
end in following their oflicers to capture
the fort twenty raen lost their lives. -Cap
tain Sandford was the first to fail and
Captain Verr.oa. already twice wounded,
and Lieutenant Patten, were killed at the
foot of the fort. These two officers,
climbing a ditch which surrounded tba
fort, thrust their revolvers through the
enemy's loopholes only to be shot them-
Belves the next moment
"Garaetre* is surrounded with scrub,
which contained many sharpshooters, and
their accuracy of fire confused *.he raen
who had followed Captain Vc-rnon and
¦who saw him ar.d h-s brother officers
killed. Bctog without commanders they
were driven off at one point, but they
endeavored to scale the fort at others.
They found the pt>sition of the Boers,
however, almost Impregnable.
"When we retired under cover of the
armored train bo many men had been
wounded that a S'^spmsion of hostilities
occurred under the auspices of the Red
Cross. The veldt axousd the Boer posi
tion was at once dotted with flag* of
mercy and it was seen that our wounded
were featured within but a short radius
of the fort. We had almost completely
eurrour.ded it and had it not been bo ex
traordinarily we!', protected we should
have Ix-en in possession.
*"I wei:t w:ti> an ambulance to Game
tree. The fort Itself is circular, with a
wide Interior and a narrow frontage, be
tween six and seven feet high, pierced
with triple tiers of loopholes and sur
rounded by a ditch."
"I was permitted to assist in dressing
the wounds, a majority of which appear
ed to have been caused by explopive bul
lets, the point of entry being small, but
the area of injury covering a wide re
gion. While the wounded were being at
tended, number* of Boers left their \n
trenchments atd gathered around us. At
the conclusion of the dressing I spoke to
several tattrred and dirty but physically
fine wen. Many of them were undersized
and all wore beards. Ttiey referred me
to the field oornot. who denied the u*e
of explosive bullets. On being shown the
horrible wounds, he admitted that at one
time explosive bullets had been served
out, but he said he was certain they had
all been previously expended, and that
none could have been used on this occa
sion. He then produced a bandolier filled
with dumdums, and I pointed out that as
far as Mafcking was concerned these had
been recalled.
LAier on I called the attention of the
field comet to four of his own men who
were rifling dead bodies. He expressed
his regret to a British officer that, despite
his Instructions to respect the dead, the
younger Boers were unruly and beyond
his control, and he accused the British
eoldleT3 of stripping General Kock and
leaving him naked and wounded on the
field, thus indirectly causing his death."
The correspondent then describes a
pcene of angry recrimination between the
field comet and the Boers regarding the
existence of orders about robbing the
dead ar.d also about the facts themselves,
some of the Boers asserting that they
only took arms, dwpite the arrival at that
\ery moment of the bodies of five British,
under Boer escort, with the pockets of
their uniforms turned Inside out. He goes
on to say:
"Some of the British wounded flatly ac
cused the Boers of stealing their money,
rings and other valuables. We had great
difficulty In getting permission to use the
armored train to remove our wounded.
"We believe that spies carried the news of
our contemplated sortie to the Boers. The
field cornet admitted that he was rein
forced during the night by 100 mounted
men and acknowledged withdrawing his
guns."
ANTI-BRITISH FEELING
GROWS AMONG GERMANS
Referring to the rumor that the Swiss
Commission had decided to award dam
ages to Great Britain in the Delagoa Bay
arbitration, the Foreign official intimated
that such a decision might not mean that
England would secure Delagoa Bay, inas
much as France might advance to Portu
gal the money to pay the award and thus
England might be Phut off with no choice
but to acceDt the situation.
The Hanover Courier, confirming earlier
reports regarding the shipments of arms
and ammunition from Germany, asserts
that German rifles have been sent to the
Transva-l since the outbreak of the war.
It says: "We know from a trustworthy
source that 60,000 German rifles of the
newest and best construction have arrived
at Pretoria In good condition. They
reached Lourenzo Marquez by way of
China, having been deceptively packed
and declared as furniture, In which pianos
played the chief role."
The Lelpslc Neuste Nachrlchten asserts
upon what It calls reliable Information
that Hcrr Krupp Is making steel shells
for Great Britain at Essen. Another news
paper makes a similar statement, alleg
ing that 45,000 shrapnel shells are in prep
aration for lyddite filling.
The Berliner Tageblatt has a dispatch
from Papenburg, Hanover, the home of
Captain Muhlmann of the German bark
Hans Wagner of Hamburg, which was
seized by the British on Delagoa Bay on
December 21, saying that the bark had
powder and dynamite in her cargo.
The central committee of the German
Red Cross Society publishes a statement
that the second expedition for the Trans
vaal was not on the Bundesrath, but la
on the. Herzog, which should have arrived
at Lourenzo Marquez on January 2. Prom
inent members of the Colonial Society dis
claim having authorized the calls printed
in the Colonial Zeitung for Indignation
meetings to protest against Great Brit
ain's course. The Berlin and Charlotten
j burg branches have refused to participate
j In the movement.
EMBASSADOR CHOATE
INTERVIEWS SALISBURY
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Secretary Hay
has received a cablegram from Embassa
dor Choate at London statins that he had
an eminently satisfactory interview with
Lord Salisbury relative to the seizures of
American goods by British warships.
Lord Salisbury listened intently to the
representations on this subject made by
Mr. Choate by direction of the State De
partment and took them under considera
tion, promising: voluntarily to give the
matter immediate attention and to return
a speedy decision.
m
FIRING AT LADYSMITH
AND COLENSO CONTINUES
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. 19<>>. by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publication of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.!
LONDON, Jan. 6.— These dispatches
from special correspondents are published
by the Dally Telegraph:
FRERE CAMP, Thursday. Jan. 4.— The
weather has become broken. Natives re
port that relatively few Boers— a com
mando of 600— are holding Pleters Cross-
Ing. ' General Ben Viljoen of Johannes
burg is at Potgreters Drift. A detach
ment of the Thirteenth Hussars , and
mounted Infantry returned to Chieveley
this afternoon with nine wagons of for
age. About 100 Boers crossed to this side
of the Tugela, near Springfield, and fired
heavily upon our troopers and mounted
Infantry at ranges of 600 to 1000 yards.
Our men returned the fire. There were no
casualties on our side, but the enemy
suffered some loss. Later In the after
noon our big naval guns shelled the
Boers employed In working on the Colenso
lines, v - ¦'.
FRERB CAMP, Friday, Jan. s.— There
has been firing to-day at both Ladysmlth
and Colenso. The weather Is fine. A
strong cavalry reconnoissance under Lord
Dundonald was made to the westward this
morning toward Springfield. Firing Is
going on. Reports are again current that
the Boers are short of provisions.
BOERS TIED TO
STAKES AND SHOT
JCEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The World's
London ppeclal says: "William T. Stead,
editor of. the Review of Reviews, In a pub
lished letter to-day says:
"Police Constable Sharp, private in the
First Shropshire Light Infantry, wltn
BERLIN. Jan. s.— The seizure of the
E&ndesrath remains the dominant topic of
the German press. Influential papers like
the Berliner Tageblatt. Cologne Yolks
Zeitung, Berliner Neuste Nachrichten,
Hamburger Correypondenz and the semi
official Berliner Post strongly hint at the
possibility of Germany's forming an anti-
British coalition with Russia and France.
The anti-British feeling is clearly grow
ing. A series of anti-British demonstra
tions In the various cities Is being organ
ized by the Pan-Germanic League.
A prominent official of the German For-
Lord Methuen's forces, reports that *.it
Moddcr River seven Boers who had fired
on doctors and two Irishmen who had
been captured at Belmont were placed in
a row with, their hands tied to stakes, and
a company of the Cornwalls gave them
their last "beecnam,' as our fellows call
bullets. They made other Boers see them
shot and dig their holes.
"Another statement Is made by a soldier
of the First Battalion of Royal Scot's,
who. writing from Sterkstroom on De
cember 6, says Incidentally that two
rebels. Colonial Dutch, are to be shot to
morrow."
APPEAL OF
ROBERTS TO
THE HOUSE
Begins His Closing State
ment Before the Special
Committee.*
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— The Roberts
investigating committee continued Its ses
sion to-day. Miss Roberts, the daughter
cf the Utah member-elect, sat near him.
Chairman Tayler said at the outset that
he had received from ex-Secretary John
G. Carlisle a letter giving his views on
the case. Carlisle eald he was suffering
from a cold and was unable to make an
oral argument at this time. As to the
case he said:
It seems to me that the question of dtizen
shlp has been abandoned, or at least nothing
Is *ald about It In the testimony. The record
of Roberts' application and admission to cltl
zennhlp does not comply with the law as I
understand it, and I do not think he will be
allowed to vote in any State upon a certificate
based on that record. The resolution under
which the commission is proceeding directs it
to ascertain and report not only upon Roberts'
prlma facie right, but upon his general right.
This Carlisle discussed on the evidence
and concluded:
He is at this very moment a polygamist, not
having at any time abandoned or renounced
the relation assumed by the plural marriages,
and cohabitation with the alleged wives is not
at all necessary. The question, therefore, Is
whether the committee will decide on the
question of final right that an undoubted
polygamist who Justifies the doctrine and prac
tices of polygamy shall be allowed to hold a
seat In the House.
It was determined by the committee to
ask Carlisle for his views more at length
on the general right of Congress to ex
clude a member.
Roberts then began his argument. He
read a typewritten statement reviewing
In detail the proceedings of his case up
to date. It said in part:
The questions to be considered are the prlma
facie and nnal right of B. H. Roberts, Rep
resentative-elect from > Utah, to a seat In the
House of Representatives, to which he was
elected in the month of November. IS9B, by the
people of Utah; the electorate of said State
gave him a plurality vote of 5665. It Is a case
In which there is no contest and where It ap
pears, so far as the proceeding* before the
committee are concerned, the Representative
elect possesses all of the qualifications pre
scribed by the constitution of the United States
and where there Is no statute, bo far as made
to appear before the committee, either In the
State of Utah or the United States, applicable
to the case, which disqualifies the Represen
tative-elect from the ofHce of Congressman In
the lower house of the American Congress.
Roberts dwelt with especial emphasis on
the right of a constituency to determine
upon the moral character of a member.
He Bald:
It Is left to .those constituents to determln*
what shall be the moral status of the man
they wish to send to Congref* as their repre
sentative and not to the House of Congress.
In support of this he read with emphatic
and approving comment a Congressional
report signed Dy B. F. Butler, Daniel W.
Voorhees and others, in the course of
which it is said that the House of Rep
resentatives bball be composed of mem
bers chosen by the people of the States
and not by the Representatives of other
States "according to the notion of the
necessities of 'self-preservation and self
puriflcation' which might BUggest them
selves to the reason or caprice of mem
bers from other States In any process of
'purgation or purification.' "
Roberts declared that Utah, one of the
great silver-producing States, had been
denied representation of late,, while the
Important financial bill, vitally involving
Utah's silver mining and silver Industry,
was considered and passed.
' Roberts took up the evidence of the wit
nesses who appeared against him and was
questioning some of the statements when
Chairman Tayler interrupted:
"Mr. Roberts, if you want to testify you
ought to go on the witness stand."
This developed some difference of opin
ion among the members of the committee.
DeArmond and Littlefleld said the state
ments were in the line of legitimate argu
ment. Tayler insisted that Roberts should
not be permitted to make statements of
fact while not under oath and not Bubject
to the rule of perjury. DeArmond an
swered that the hearing had wide latitude
and he was sure the committee could dis
criminate between Roberts' arguments
and his statements of fact.
"I am not in such a state of mental dis
turbance," remarked DeArmond, "as to be
able to foresee what Roberts is going to
say."
He added that he did not see that the
interruption of the chairman was at all
called- for in view of the latitude hereto
fore allowed.
The incident took an amusing turn when
Roberts, being allowed to proceed, said
he was through on that subject and there
was a hearty laugh all around. He went
on, however, analyzing the evidence of
other witnesses and in general question-
Ing the directness and conclusiveness of
the testimony. Said he:
It has not even been established that B. H.
Roberts was ever married to Margaret C.
Bhlpp-Roberts. It had been shown that he was
neen near the horse and once In , the houaa,
but there was no testimony of marriage, noth
ing as to their maintaining marital relations,
nothing as to their having been seen at the
theater or at the church or otherwise associat
ing as man and wife.
Tayler— How do you account for your picture
being- found In her house?
Roberts— l don't know how to account for It.
As to the testimony that he had attend
ed the funeral of a child of Celia Dibble
Roberts, that was. Roberts said, not re
markable. There was nothing extraordi
nary in his attending a funeral and the
inferences drawn could not be viewed as
proof As to any direct marital relations
with Celia Dibble Roberts, he said, there
was no direct testimony. In the main the
evidence was as to general repute, he con
tended, which was short of that conclu
sive proof required. He challenged the
charge that he had contracted three po
lygamous marriages.
Tayler said he had never heard of such
a charge, as three polygamous marriages
would mean four marriages in all.
"I challenge this," said Roberta, "be
cause it is one of the charges on which
excitement has been worked up."
When Roberts sought to read published
comment tending to show the motive of
the "crusade" and "cause" against him
Chairman Tayler stopped him. The com
mittee had nothing to do with nny cru
sade, Tayler said, but was trying to as
certain one fact, namely, whether Roberts
was a polygamist. The chairman eald
Roberts' line of procedure was irregular.
There was some difference of opinion in
the committee as to the course to pursue.
"Let us settle It here and now." said
Mr. Llttlefield. "As far as I am con
cerned, I am ready to hear anything he
wants to say."
Tayler said he wished to enter his pro
test against bringing questions of fact
Into the argument a« both improper and
ridiculous.
Roberts vehemently exclaimed against
those who had "hounded" him. . They
were not the bankers, merchants, lawyers
and other substantial citizens of Utah,
but they were In the main Eastern mis
sionaries who had gone to Utah to oppose
Mormonism.
At one point Representative McPherson
of the committee asked: "Under l your
faith, was the taking of plural wives
merely allowable or was it required."
"It was mandatory," replied Roberts,
"according to the view of leading Mormon
authorities." ? .-., ¦..--
Roberts continued until 4:30 p. m., when
he asked that the hearing go over, having
spoken almost five hours. The committee
thereupon adjourned until 10 a. m. to-mor
row, when Mr. Roberts will conclude.
Mexico Grants a Request.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.-Recently the
State Department at the instance of the
Navy Department asked the Mexican
Government for permission for the ves
sels of the United States navy now on the
Pacific Coast to have target practice and
maneuvers at several points along the
Mexican coast. To-day United States
Embassador Clayton telegraphed the de
partment, stating that the Mexican Gov
ernment had sent the commander of the
first military zone instructions to permit
and facilitate the practice.
Extension of Time Granted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— The Board of
Naval Construction to-day decided •to
recommend to the department that exten
sions of time for the construction of the
torpedo boats now building be granted to
contractors on account of the difficulty
experienced by them In procuring struc
tural steel.
numbers of commercial travelers. The Demo
cratic party will deal with the trust question,
not in glittering generalities, but In specific
terms, and will invite the support of all those
who are opposed to the domination of private
monopolies.
Mr. Bryan discussed tho trust question
at some length and then, taking up tho
subject of imperialism, said:
Commercial travelers who sought the exten
sion of trade by peaceful and legitimate means
will not lend their support to the Imperialis
tic methods employed In the furtherance of
conquest. The commercial traveler has been
eminently successful as a persuader. He will
not substitute violence for reason
The questions now before the people are but
different manifestations of a vicious princi
ple which pervades all Republican policies
namely, that the dollar is all important and
that struggling humanity deserves no consid
eration. V' _ ¦/
The following toasts were responded to:
"The Nebraska Traveling Men's Bryan
Club," Ed P, Smith, Omaha; "Nebraska "
Governor Poynter; "Trusts," Frederick
Sheppard, Lincoln; "Government by In
junction," T. J. Doyle, Lincoln; "The Cur
rency BUI," Governor Thomas of Colo
rado; "Unveiling a Parable," Hon. Cato
Sells, lowa.
BRYAN ADDRESSES
TRAVELING MEN
Speaks on Coinage and
Expansion.
LINCOLN, Jan. s.— The fourth annual
banquet of the Nebraska Traveling Men's
Bryan Club was held to-night at the Lin- ,
coin Hotel, following the meeting of the
Stato central committees of the Demo
crats, Populists and Free Silver Republi
cans. Nearly two hundred traveling 1 men
and their guests were seated at the tables.
Colonel Bryan's address was the feature.
He complimented the club on the Increas
ing importance of its banquets and praised
the members for their political seal.
Touching on national topics, he said In
part: j
We are now near enough to the national con
vention'to feel assured that there will, be no
considerable opposition to the reafflrmatlon of
the Chicago platform. The late elections de
stroyed the last hope of those who sought to
modify or subtract from the creed enunciated
at Chicago In 1596. The Republican party has
been driven under the lash of the financiers to
the open espousal of the gold standard, and,
spurred on by the national bank corporations,
it has avowed Its purpose to drive the green
backs out of circulation and substitute a bank
note Issued and controlled by the national
banks. The Democratic party still contends
for the restoration of bimetallism at the ratio
of 16 to 1, the only ratio advocated by those
who believe In the double standard. It also
contends for the greenback as against the bank
note.
• The members of this club were opposed to the
money trust in 1896, and they are not surprised
that the vicious trust principle has been ex
tended to IndUßtrlal combinations, which have
in three years thrown out of employment largo
SUDDEN
COLLAPSE
SPASMS
fwllncs of .'SCIiS
ncrvj *^j^ r~^r* »i^ X\ w : * Jt "q '^-"~ i *~ -lit
eupM - *-^ fHN
number* JVVw» \ *r Zf /~Li
indicate V ?^/ I*4?Zk
! points of U. fcA. I If/fl
weaknewi S&»/v > "^/ I 1 "»'
when tb« ) /^>< Cv^VJ I */,
V I Vine i ' W /l '*j*jfrr ' Wt
Joyful d!»- / K^rS<<i*// V* Jl-J~ r "
poßiuon; /^ ? Zf2?gf3nrr''~'
you are now ~^^=^
•ad and " ~»
sober. Unnatural fears t&ke poas«t*ioa of yotty
mind. Tour itrenctn la lost, your appettt»
poor; your back painc you and la weak. Tot]
cannot sleep, and awake in the moraine tired
and unr^freshed. Tou have dizzy spells. *
pale, thin face: your hands tremble. Perhaps
your heart flutters, and you have smothering
spells. Too are weak and easily exhausted.
Tour liver may be Inactive, your bowels con-
stipated.
For all these weak-nerve conditions you want
HUDTAN. HUDTAN strengthens the nerve*
and gtv^s recuperative capacity to all th» rr-
rans oi the body. HUDTAN glvem strength
•nerrr. health, to all nervous men and women*
HUDTAN creates ro»y complexion* and estab*.
Ushes health on a permanent basis. HUDTAV
cures all th« above symptoms.
Get HUDTAN from your drugrslst: We a Dock.
a«e. six packages $2.50. If your drunist Jom
not keep tt. send direct to the Hudyan Remedy
Company, corner Stooktnn, Ellis and Market
stteet*. San Francisco. Cal. CT^™'
You may consult Hudyan doc-
tors— Free of change. Call oi*
write.
The Society of Total Abstinence. Just
formed in Vienna, is the first ever estab-
lished In Austria.
REDUCTION IN THE
FEES OF JUSTICES
Santa Clara County Refuses to Pay
for Duplicate John Doe
Warrants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. s.— The rich harvest en-
Joyed for years by Justices of the Peice
and Constables in this city and county for
the issuance of John Doe warrants was
abruptly ended to-day by the Board of
Supervisors, which passed a motion de
claring that no more fees for this clnsa
of warrants would be allowed. During the
past couple of years the work of township
officials has become notorious, and the
last Grand Jury considered the matter
and recommended that it be stopped.
This is mostly practiced in Chinese
cases. On some days thirty or forty John
Doe warrants would be issued In the
courts of Justices ' Wallace and Rosenthal
of this city, and the same identical
charges made in the courts of Justices
Hirsh and Herrington of Santa Clara. In
this way hundreds of dollars were ex
tracted from the county treasury. The
Constables shared equally as well. Now
the Supervisors have concluded this Is too
good a thing, and have shut It off.
WILL DECLARE A DIVIDEND.
Directors of the Defunct Union Sav
ings Bank Meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. s.— At a meeting of the
directors of the defunct Union Savings
Bank to-day an attempt was made by the
depositors to have a dividend of S per
cent declared on accounts. The directors
declined to act, however, but stated that
a 10 per cent dividend on deposits would
probably be declared next month.
The bank building will probably be sold
to the Commercial Savings Bank for $83
toO, and President Rea declares that if
this is done an additional dividend of o per
cent wllj be paid. Of J55.000 received for
the sale 160,000 will go to Mrs. Myra E
Wright, who holds a mortgage for that
amount on the building. To-morrow a big
meeting of depositors who have not yet
sued will be held to receive a report of
how many of the stockholders are willing
to pay up the $70 per share assessment
levied, and to decide on future action.
CRUSHED BY FALLING IRON.
Fatal Accident at the Homestead
Steel Works in Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG, Jan. s.— One man is dead
and three injured as the result of an ac
cident at the Homestead Steel Works last
night. The dead:
August Berger. The Injured: John
Fleming, crushed: will die. Joseph
French, crushed; will die. Joseph Cohall.
arm- crushed.
The men were changing the rolls In the
28-inch mill when the chain with which
they raised the rolls into place broke, let
ting the heavy mass of iron down on
them. Berger was Instantly killed.
Road Tax Abolished.
SUISUN, Jan. s.— The Board of Super
visors at a recent meeting decided that
the levying of a road poll tax In Solano
County be discontinued.
BURNS ENLISTS CITRUS GROWERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 5.— A letter that has been Issued by the Citrus Growers*
tariff executive committee Is construed by local politicians to mean the capture
of that committee by the friends of Dan Burns, and that the committee Is being
used as a catspaw In his Interests. While this Is denied by the committee, the
fact Is established that at this Juncture no cause for the Issuance of the letter
exists. Aside from this political aspect, those who have been battling for the
defeat of the Jamaican treaty that proposes a reduction of 20 per cent In the
tariff on citrus fruit from the British West Indies are firmly of the opinion that
the tenor of the letter weakens their cause and gives strength to the opposition.
An authentic copy of the letter, which Is dated December 29, is in the following
language:
-To His Excellency. Henry T. Gose, Sacramento. Cal. : The ratification of the reciprocity
treaty between this country and the British "West Indies, which la now pending Jn the
United States Senate, is a serious menace to the Industries of California, and more par
ticularly to the citrus Industry, In which we. your petitioners, have large Investments of
capital and In many Instances our all. The gentlemen composing the Citrus Tariff Com
mttt** of California are doing all In their power to protect our Interests, but are disheart
ened by the report of their representative In Washington that his efforts and those of our
Senator and Representatives In Congress are In a great measure negatived by the absence
of our legal representation In the United States Senate, the friends of the measure Insist
ing that If our Interests were In peril so Important an office, and one that would
have such weight Jn deciding the fate of the treaty, should be at one* filled. Serious ques
tions are sometimes settled by one vote and no risk should be taken that a treaty so
Inimical to the Interests of this State may be ratified by so slender a majority. We, there
fore, as citrus fruit mowers, petition your Excellency to convene an extra session' of the
Legislature of this State at the earliest practicable date for the purpose of electing a United
States Senator.
SENATE COMMITTEE
DECIDES AGAINST QUAY
Resolution Declaring Him Entitled to a
Seat Is Defeated by a Vote of
Five to Four.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— As anticipated in The Call's
dispatches the Senate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions has decided against Quay by a vote of 5. t0 4.
While this does not settle the contest, which is yet to be
fought out on the floor of the Senate, it is regarded as a black
eye for Quay and his friends are greatly discouraged. Senator
Penrose and the henchmen of the Pennsylvania Senator, are
bitter against John Wanamaker and charge that he has made
an underhanded fight against Quay by dragging in the name
of Burns of California. A Pennsylvania Congressman said to
The Call correspondent to-night:
"The Burns and Quay cases are separate and distinct. Mr.
Quay should not be made to suffer merely because California's
Governor has announced his intention to appoint an unworthy
man as Senator from that State. The two cases are not on the
same plane. Mr. Quay has a clean record and is highly re
spected by Senators. -
"Each case should be considered on its individual merits.
If the Senators do this I am confident Quay will be seated, but
if Burns' name is allowed to drag Mr. Quay to defeat it will be
an outrage for which John Wanamaker will be held responsible
by Mr. Quay's friends and supporters."
, Those voting against Mr. Quay to-day were Messrs. Bur
rows, Caffery, Pettus and Harris. Those voting in favor of the
resolution for seating were Messrs. Chandler, Hoar and Mc-
Comas. Of the absentees Senator Turley was paired against Mr.
Quay and Mr. Pritchard for him.
The moral effect of an adverse report from the commit
tee, Mr. Quay's opponents believe, will be felt among new Sen
ators, who have been waiting to hear the views of their older
colleagues before committing themselves. With this adverse re
port from the committee, apathy among Republican leaders and
the anti-Quay organs increasing in bitterness and numbers, Mr.
Quay undoubtedly has a hard fight before him. That neither side
is yet confident is shown by the tendency of both to delay press
ing the case to a vote. A few days ago Mr. Quay's friends
were planning to secure a test vote by pressing the case for
consideration in lieu of the financial bill. To-day it is announced
that Senator Penrose will not antagonize the financial bill, but
will allow the Quay case to drift along until those in charge of
the financial bill are willing to let it come up. The opposition
also is pursuing a drifting policy.
Although the committee decided upon adverse action to
day there will be no hurry in submitting the report. Senator
Burrows, who will prepare a majority report, says that probably
two or three weeks will elapse before he will have time to com
plete it, and Senator Hoar, who is preparing the minority re
port, will, of course, have to wait until the majority report is
submitted to the full committee. All of this means that neither
side is confident at the present time and that the case will not
be brought up in the Senate until it is definitely known before
hand what the result will be.
CONTESTS FOR THREE SEATS IN CONGRESS.
TAKES UP
THE CASE
OF CLARK
Senate Committee on Eleo
tions Hears Opening
Arguments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Election* to
day began Its Investigation of the
charges of bribery made in connection
with the election of Senator Clark of
Montana. The proceedings were begun
by arguments from counsel on both sides.
Clark himself was present with his coun
sel, former Senator Faulkner.
Ex-Senator Edmunds appeared as lead
ing counsel for the complainants, making
the first statement in support of the me
morial presented against Clark. Ho said
the complainants expected to be able to
prove all the charges made and to show
that Clark's election was obtained by tho
liberal use of money, and that large sums
of money were furnished to this end by
Clark. He believed that the expenditures
could be traced to Clark with due effort
on tho part of the committee. He said ie
and his associates would ask to have a
good many witnesses summoned. Ed
munds said that the complainants expect
ed to prove all the charges made, and In
doing so would enter thoroughly into the
Whlteslde libel case, showing that when
Senator Clark had an opportunity to ap
pear in court he refused to answer any
material questions.
While Edmunds was making his state
ment a question arose concerning the ad
missibllity of testimony taken by the
Grand Jury of Lewis and Clark County.
McComas took occasion to Intimate that
he would hesitate to admit statements
purporting to violate the secrecy of a
Grand Jury room. Replying, Edmunds
said the notes on the Grand Jury proceed
ing had been made by Attorney General
Nolan and had been presented and read
by the Montana court in the disbarment
proceedings against John B. Wellcom*.
Hoar suggested that the testimony
should be admitted for the time and its
relevancy determined upon the final de
cision of the case. This brought out a
spirited protest by Rogers Foster of New
"iork, who appeared as one of the counsel
for Clark. He urged that such a course
was contrary to the precedents of the
committee; that Nolan was personally an
tagonistic to Clark, and at best the testi
mony was ex parte. Such a document was
no more evidence than an indictment
would be. Clark was not expected to de
fend his character but his right to a seat
in the Senate. Referring to the Montana
Supreme Court, he said there was politics
there as well as elsewhere in the State.
He insisted that Clark should have a
right to face and cross-examine all wit
nesses.
Ex-Senator Faulkner made the formal
statement on behalf of Clark. lie re
viewed the politics of Montana referring
to the "Daiy gang and the Clark fac
tion" In the Democratic po.»tics of the
State. It was, he said, an acknowledged
fact that the opponents of Clark In the
State had determined to prevent his po
litical preferment regardless of all the
proprieties. It would be shown that not
withstanding that charges of bribery
were made against some fifty persons, in
cluding thirty-eight members of the Leg
islature, there had been no proceedings
in any of the Montana courts against the
men thus involved. There was evidence,
that the present proceeding 1 was not sus
tained by public sentiment. • ¦
"The prosecution," said he. "was con
ceived In the -womb of personal malice,
rocked In the cradle of personal hate and
nourished upon corruption and jeal
ousy."
All the members of tho legislative
committee were opposed to Clark, he de
clared.
Outlining the defense, Faulkner said It
would show that the proceedings against
Clark had really had their origin In the
Senatorial contest In 1533, when the Idea
of springing a pretended exposure *.i
Clark upon the Legislature was conceived
by the Daly faction, and that the leader
of the faction had turned prophet In De
cember. IS3S, and declared that If Clark
had showed his head something would
have been heard to drop, and that he
would have driven Clark out of the State.
Other points of the defense were out
lined and the statement was made that.
If necessary, each charge against the
Senator would be met "by direct and pos
itive proof of Its falsity."
After hearing these preliminary state
ments, the committee held an executive
session to decide upon the status of the
papers before It, but after considerable
discussion on the points adjourned with
out action. The hearing of testimony will
begin to-morrow.
ENORMOUS FEES
FOR EXECUTORS
Nearly a Half Million Dollars Paid
to Two Men by the Pull
mar) Estate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
"MY DEAR SADIE"
WROTE MOLINEUX
Woman's Name Dragged
Into the Trial.
LETTER TO MRS. SCHAFFLER
PROSECUTION OBTAINED IT BY
MYSTERIOUS MEANS.
Numerous Witnesses Give Testimony
Connecting the Prisoner With
the Poisoning of Mrs.
Adams.
NEW YORK. Jan- s.— First on the wit
ness stand to-day at the trial of Roland
B. Mollneux was Paying Teller Gilbert
D. Sayres of the Shoe and Leather Bank,
¦who was being cross-examined by Mr.
Weeks when court adjourned last even-
Ing. He was. however, excused until this
afternoon on account of a pressure of
business at the bank.
Frank S. Hunt of Newark. N. J.. tailor,
who made the suit of clothes for Moll
neux. testified that the cheat measurement
of the defendant was 37 Inches and that
bis waist measurement was S3 inches. The
evidence la considered significant because
of the fact that these measurements in
directly connect Mollneux with the writ
ing on the diagnosis black furnished by
the Marston Remedy Company, which
was signed "H. C. Burnett"
• One of the most interesting witnesses
of the day was William W. Schaffier, a
manufacturer of cosmetics. He identlflea
the letter sent by Mollneux to Mrs. Schaf
fler informing her that he was to bemar
rled the next day. but that the marriage
was sudden— that it was quite a romance,
in fact. This particular letter was ad
dressed "My dear Sadie " and on account
of the high social standing of Mrs. Schaf
fier and the fact that the District Attor
ney's office obtained possession of the cor
respondence in a fashion most mysterious
the Incident has attracted considerable
a M e £ t Sc r haffler said that he and his wife
had known Mollneux for four or five
years; that Mollneux had taken tea at his
house and that he was friendly with the
defendant. Nothing was elicited that
would have a tendency toth.ow any light
upon the manner In which the D lst zJct
Attorney obtained possession of the let
ters belonging to the wife of the witness.
Letters From* Molineux to Schaffler were
placed in evidence and identified by the
witness. Mr. Schaffler explained the sen
tence. "Cornish is in and lam out. which
appears in one of the letters, as meaning
that the defendant had resigned from the
Knickerbocker Athletic CluV while Cor
nish still remained there In an official
"Boward A. Adams, son of the late Mrs.
Adams, testified in detail concerning tho
incidents which occurred at the Adams
home on the day of the murder. He as
sened emphatically that his ™ther did
not drink and explained that he had been
?n Connecticut during 1838. recovering
f?om injuries sustained by being caught
in a flywheel. He did not return to the
, Adams y lpartments until the day of the
murder, and consequent y knew nothing
concerning the incidents leading up to the
"one'of the most important witnesses
was Charles D. Allen. Mollneux's private
Secretary "it was Allen who signed let
tlrltol^Mollneux "per C. D. A." He had
studied chemistry and had served in the
laboratory of Molineux. Asked if there
were (many poisons in the laboratory he
replied: „ . „
"Yes; barrels of them. _
Among the poisons which he mentioned
specifically were parts green, chrome yel
low English vermillion. dry arsenic m
ketts and Quantities of mercury. Allen
identified a letter w-hlch he wrote to the
Studio Publishing Company. 1620 Broad
way New York City, signed "Roland B.
Mdllneux per C. D. A.," as one that -he
wrote personally. He claimed that Moli
neux was looking for the names of con
sumers of dry colors. The letter was
wrutel according to Instructions to the
ordinary course of business, but the sig
nificance of the incident lies in the fact
that 1620 Broadway is the address of the
Koch Letter Box Agency, and it 13
Maimed that it was from this letter that
i Koch learned the address of Mollneux anil
' sent the defendant a circular offering to
I lease a private letter box— an offer which
it is claimed Molineux afterward accept
ed The witness would not swear, how
ever that Molineux ever saw the letter to
the Studio Publishing Company, but he
did testify that he saw a copy of the mag
azine sent for on the desk of Mollneux
subsequent to the opening of the corre-
SP Herbert e "K. Twitchell. loan clerk at the
Chase National Bank and a practical
handwriting expert, in response to ques
tions testified that in hi 9 opinion the ad
dress on the poison package was written
by Molineux. David C. Decker, paying
teller of the Union Square Bank, enter
tained a similar opinion. The handwriting
expert testimony of the day was conclud
ed when Paying Teller Sayers of the Shoe
and Leather National Bank again ap
peared on the stand and was cross-exam
ined by Mr. Weeks, a cross-examination
which, however, failed to shake his belief
in the guilt of Molineux. The last witness
of the day was Lewis H. Cornish, a cousin
of Harry S. Cornish, also a cousin of
Mrs. Florence Rogers, the daughter of the
dead woman. He testified that Harry
Cornish was ill when he called upon the
witness to inform him of the death of
Mrs. Adams, and upon cross-examination
by Mr. Weeks the witness admitted that
Mrs. Adams became ill while he was pay
ing a visit to her house about two weeks
before her death. The witness had cor
cluded his testimony upon this point when
court adjourned until Monday. •: : , ,-\,
2PRINTIK3.
F T FTIfiHF^ PRINTER.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRO.I.
1 T WIT R CC\ *°° Battery Street.
J-lr IT I L3VA a WU-, Telephone Main ISM.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maibl
on Application.
WHO WANT TO BUILD UP
fTv* THEIR BODIES
kU WILL FINDTHE
r,rbNE thing needful"
ilUa b°&7 i* built up from the
fgsfraS food we eat. But before food
tajgH can be assimilated by the body
Hsßaw it must be prepared for assimi-
|lWJ lation by the stomach and other
I / / organs of digestion and nutri-
I 1 1 on * Food does not feed when
V 11 the stomach is " out of order."
\f-t\ "he result is, weak muscles and
Uj3|\ flabby flesh. "Golden Mcd-
HS/V ical Discovery" heals diseases
U.% I of the stomach and digestive
II 5 I and nutritive system. It works
1% t J with Nature to make manly
J \ / muscle and form firm flesh.
ill In a letter received from A. D.
/ J Weller, Ssq., of Pensacola, Es-
X \ cambia Co., Fla. (Box 544), he
Vjgft states : " I have, since receiving
your diagnosis of my case, as
stomach trouble and liver comp-
laint, taken eight bottles of the
Golden Medical Discovery' and must
say that I am transformed from a walk>
Iio? shadow (as my friends called me) to
perfect health."
I Temperance Medicine.
! CONTAINS NO A1.C01101..
THE LATE DAVID E. KNIGHT.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 5.— David E. Knight, a well known pioneer and capi
talist of this city, expired euddenly at his home on B street at 4:10
o'clock this morning. Heart disease, for which he was under treatment
of the family physician for about two years, was the cause of his death.
The final illness was of about twenty minutes' duration. A servant
was attracted to Mr. Knight's sleeping apartments by strang# sounds emanat
ing therefrrm, and when admission was gained there were symptoms of choking
and smothering. A physician was Fummoned, but before aid arrived the life
p;->ark v.as gone. Before he passed away Mr. Knight gave his wife and others
in the room to understand that he realized the end had come.
David Edgar Knight was born In Tunbridge. Orange County, Vermont, Octo
ber 24. 1825. He was. therefore, 74 years ot age at the time of his death. He was
one of a family of eight children— three sons and five daughters. While a boy he
removed to Boston, Mass., where he was employed for a time. Later he visited
New Orleans, where he remained quite a wnile on account of his health. On
returning to Bo?ton he caught the gold fever and came to this State, arriving In
the spring of M&2.
His first work on this coast was performed In San Francisco. His next resi
dence was Sacramento, at which place he in IK>3 established the first gas plant,
residing there until 1556. when he sold out his interests and came to Marysville.
Soon after locating In this city he commenced the construction of a gas plant
et the corner of Second and B streets, which was in operation early in 1858. Since
thet time he hap been identified with every enterprise of importance In this city,
being the foremost citizen in any movement which gave promise to redound to
the credit of Marysvllle.
Among local enterprises with whirh he was connected are the Marysville Gas
and Klectric Company, the Empire Foundry and Harvester Works, the Marysville
6team Laundry. MarysviMe and Yuba City Street Railway Company and the Dem
ocrat Publishing Company. In all of ttieee he was a stockholder and director. He
was president a.r.4 manager of the Marysville Woolen Mill. Under his able man
agement the latter Institution thrived from its organization until the fire which
destroyed the plant last year. He was also a director of the Decker-Jewett Com
pany Bank.
Deceased was twice a member of the City Council, representing the Fourth
Ward unflpr Mayor W. K. Hudson In 1856-7, and under Mayor William Hawley In
IST4-5. He was a member of Levee Commission at the time of his death. Be
cause of his exceptional business Judgment and rare executive ability, coupled
with a charitable disposition, he earned the high esteem of the community which
now mourns him.
Mr. Knight was a member of Corinthian Lodge, F. and A. M., Washington
Royal Arch Chapter, MarysvSlle Council Royal and Select Masters and Marysville
Commandery Knights Templar. He was also a member of Oriental Lodge of Odd
Fellows and of Marysvllle Encampment. I. O. O. F.
In the way of State positions of prominence Mr. Knight was a director of the
State Agricultural Society and president of the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association. He was an active member of the Union League Club of
San Francisco. His estate is estimated at $200.00).
The marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Knight took place in the East fifty years ago.
The relatives of deceased now surviving are two brothers, John Knight of Pierl
poet, 8. D., and Albert Knight of Manchester. N. H., and one sister, Mrs. Jonah
Camp of Lawrence, Mass. Mrs. C. B. Andross, Mrs. J. P. Swift and Mrs. C. E.
Btever.s, all of this city, are nieces of the deceased.
The funeral services will be conducted Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock In the-
Masonic asylum under th<» auspices of Marysvllle Commandery of Knights Tem
plar.
Hospital near by, where h<» is to submit
to a delicate operation to-morrow. If ha
dies, the political complexion of the Board
of Supervisors will be changed to Repub
lican.
Moose for New Zealand.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Ja/i. 5.-Th«
steamer Aorangl sailed last night for
Australia. She had on board icirteen
moose, In charge of Chief Factor McDon
ald of the Hudson Bay Company and des
tined to New Zealand for acclimatization
there. The moose hay« to b«» captured
when young and raised by hand. Trie ex
periment Is b^inff watched with Interest.
The Hudson Bay Company captured th©
moose for the New Zealand Government.
NAVAL TESTS OF
MARCONI SYSTEM
Experiment Stations Are
Asked for.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, "WELLING-
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.—
Rear Admiral Bradford, chief of the Bu
reau of Equipment, has again called .the
attention of Secretary Long to the desira
bility of conducting naval experiments
with wireless telegraphy. There Is a dis
position in the Secretary's office to await
the conclusion of the investigation now
being made by the Lighthouse Board. Ad
miral Bradford upon investigation learned
that the board had submitted an estimate
to Congress for $25,000 for erecting sta
tions at points on the coast and outlying
lighthouses, but the estimate contained no
provision for experiments. In view of this
fact he has asked the department to again
take the matter of naval experimentation
with the system under consideration.
The importance of the system to the
navy is very great, naval officers declare,
and It is hoped by them that the Secre
tary will deem it advisable to transmit an
estimate for J20.000 to Congress with a
view to Its Insertion in the naval bill.
Reports from South Africa Indicate that
on account of iron ore in the mountains
considerable difficulty Is being experienced
in communicating with the Marconi sys
tem. It Is thought by naval officers that
there will be no difficulty at sea, but army
authorities deeply deplore the effect of
iron in the earth on the system, and they
hope that something will be developed to
abolish this interference to successful
communication.
QfyO<s>O<s-O<S>O<s- O <S> O <£ O 4>Os>O<sO<s>O<£o
o • <§>
4> If you like good short o
% stories read the "Widow's g
o Clock," by Maxwell Gray, in <*>
% next Sunday's Call. °
?<?>o^o<^o«>o<» o <» o <3> o <^o<»o<s>o<3>o-e>©
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
*"gsr PARTRIDGE "
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, t^Si^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at !t» GREEN-
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In taa
! market. Office and Yards — 150 Main street.
PAPR3 DEALERS.
WIT I AMPTTF p ULP AND PAPER CO..
U ILL.AJILI I L I+2 Montgomery rt.
I With Mouthpiece 1
(| 1O G&xrte for 1O §
H Monopol Tobacco Works ||
IRON FOL'NDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY. Sg£ A &£S
•t. Caettaja of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1-C5.
FURS.
J. N. LOFSTAD. l^ll*--.??"?""!
« •?¦/«». lowest p-icM. mmodaling.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TA^.RflYF^£ffl Bhtppin* Butchers. 104
JA3- DUlEjtt tU , clay. T«l. Mam 129*.
BOOK 3 AND STATIOXERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
143 to $50 Omry Btre«t. Abov- Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
Avisit DR. JORDAN'S great
1 MUSEUH OF ANATOMY
I 1 gj 155imXKST.tat6±47a,S.r.Cd.
CJf The Largest Aiutcmical Museum in the
I I _f i.itVi _ Wond. Weaknet^es n any contrwtsti
Jsct^ d.sca>e p»»ltiv»'l.r *•¦*•<! ii r the oid=st
9 /SSal Specialist r»tb« Coast. Est. 36 years
$ SBv?:l C3> JO R DAN-PfHVATE DISEASES
i F^?*3^3 Co:ivi!tirion frr» »ad mv'.'.r private
B I jS^L B "^" >rmenc P^nonaliy nr by letter. A
\Q tf *n If /*••'«• l"Vr« in e*eryca« undertaken.
art lift Write for Book. PniLOftOPBY «f
" J I " ¦*naMOK, MAILHO FHHS. ' A
i j jj valuable book for mm)
DR. JORDAN A CO.. ICM Market St.. B. F
WANDY REFUSES
TO STAY AWAY
Marin Authorities Can
not Get Rid of Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. s.— Wesson Wandy.
the "hoodoo" of San Ra*a«l Jail, is evi
dently of the opinion that stone walls do
not make a prison. This morning he was
given a pass out of the county, his lat
«st term having expired. To-nlpht the
authorities received word that he is mak
ing his way back to Ban Rafa?! with all
speed. This is the second tlrr.e he has
been %>hipped out of the county and re
turned. Two weeks before Thanksgiving
day Wandy was held for vagrancy. Dur
ing his term he tore up the steam plpei in
the bathroom and was nearly suffocated.
At the expiration of his sentence the
Constable escorted him to Sausallto and
gave him a pass to San Francisco? The
next heard of him was on Thanksgiving
dai- when he went into a restaurant here
and started to make a "rough house" be
cause he was asked to pay in advance
He was then sentenced to sixty days
During his last Incarceration he nearly
killed his cellmate. Twice he tore out
the steampipes, nearly cooking himself
and attempted to fire the Jail by burning
hiw blankets. To-day h* was turned loose
and a deputation of officers accompanied
him to the train.
Two hours later their joy was turned to
w*>epin>r by the news that Wandy had
been seen on the home trail. To-nlßht
Constable Agnew is on the lookout for
him and the authorities wear a harried
look. They fear he will cause fresh
trouble if not recaptured. If he returns
an effort will be made to have him com
mitted to an insane asylum, as he is
either mad or too mischievous to be at
large.
New Trial Refused.
Bp«elal Dtrpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 6.— Judge Lorlgan to
day d-r.'ed a motion for a new trial In the
Llebbrandt-Sorg breach of promise suit.
Mrs. Bertha Liebbrandt, keeper of a bath
house at Santa Cruz, sued Jean Sorer, a
wealthy Arizona miner, for $20,000 for Fail
ure to keep his promise to marry her.
The case was transferred here for trial
and Mrs. Liebbrandt obtained a verdict
for $4500. Sorg wanted a new trial, which
was d*ni<?d to-day.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
New Ruling on Tea Controversy,
Postomce Changes and List of
Pensions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,-
WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— Representative
Kahn to-day called upon the Secretary of
the Treasury and presented a petition
signed by leading tea importers of San
Francisco asking that samples of all tea
examined at the port of New York be
sent to the tea examiner at San Fran
cisco under the existing order that sam
ples of all teas landed at San^ Francisco
are sent to the tea examiner at New
York and San Francisco importers felt
that the intei change of samples should be
reciprocal. Mr. Kahn was assured that
the necessary order would be made and
that hereafter samples of all tea"exam
ined in New York would be sent to the
tea examiner at San Francisco.
He also presented, a petition signed by
the extra assistant weighers at the Cus
tom-house at San Francisco for an In
crease of salary to Assistant. Secretary-
Treasurer Spaulding, and the latter has
promised to have the matter Investigated.
He has sent the petition to Collector of
Port Jackson for Investigation.
Mr Kahn also called upon Attorney
General Griggs in behalf of the clerks in
the office of the United States Circuit
Court at . San Francisco. Although the
work has 1 nearly doubled in the Circuit
Court during the past two years no al
lowance has been made for additional
clerk hire, which Is really necessary at
the present time. The Attorney General
has promised to have the matter investi
gated and if the condition of the office
warrants it he will advocate the neces
sary relief.
G W. Chase was to-day appointed Post
master at Bellota, San Joaquln County,
vice Glllman Chase, resigned. Also Miss
Emily S. Eaton at Carllle, Fresno County.
Dr O. P. Plummer has been appointed
pension examining surgeon at Portland,
Or.
Pensions— California: Original— Lewis
Stone. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $6;
William Smith, Los Angeles, $6: John F.
Kennedy, Los Angeles, $12; Charles P.
Horr, San Jose. $3. Original widows, etc.
—Mary J. Hannum, San Francisco, $3.
Oregon: Original— Joseph Howitt, Mon
tavllla. $6. Restoration and increase —
George W. King, dead, Pendleton, $6 to
$12 - .. .<:
THE VICTORIA SAFE.
Breaking of a Shaft the Cause of
Her Slow Run.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— ln answer to a
cable Inquiry as t© the whereabouts of the
freight steamer Victoria, which had not
been heard from since her departure from
San Francisco on October 16, Quartermas
ter General Ludington to-day received a
cable message from Colonel Miller, quar
termaster at Manila, as follows:
"The Victoria, with a hroken shaft, left
Guam for Manila on December 25, towed
by the collier Brutus."
Stole a Calf.
FRESNO. Jan. s.— William Chamberlain
was sentenced by Judge Rlsley this after
noon to serve two years in Folsom
Prison." Chamberlain was convicted of
stealing a calf from Miller & Lux and
pleaded guilty, claiming that he had taken
the calf to supply food for his family. He
has been a resident of Fresno.
WINVER RESORTS.
SPECIAL ROUiDTBIP TICKETS TO
General Shephard Ill.
. STOCKTON, Jan. 6.— General Shepherd
of Lathrop. chairman of the Board of
Supervisors, Is very 111 and his friends
fear he may not recover. Yesterday he
was removed from his home to the County
PASO ROBLES ggW
Most noted Mineral Springs ia United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood, Liver.
Kidney. Stomach and other disorder*. Apply
FRANK W. ELY. City A*eat. WO Market «.
MAIL STEAMER IBEX
STRIKES AND SINKS
All of Her Passengers Escape in the
Boats, but One Sailor Loses
His Life.
LONDON, Jan. 6.— The Great Western
line mall steamer Ibex struck on the
Black Rock 'of St. Sampsons, Island of
Guernsey, at 6 o'clock this morning and
sank. The crash awoke the passengers,
numbering thirty-two persons, who, rush
ing on deck, found the vessel slowly sink
ing. The boats were launched within ten
minutes after the", steamer struck and
there was no panic All the passengers
were saved, but one sailor was drowned.
All on board the Ibex behaved with the
greatest courage and the captain was the
last to leave the ship.
The Ibex waa a steel vessel of 1150 tons
and was built in IS9I. She left Wey
mouth.for Guernsey last night.
•
MRS. SILVA IS SANE.
Now Files a Suit for Divorce From
Her Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5.— A commission
composed of two well-known local physi
cians and Superior Judge Hart this after
noon pronounced Mrs. Mary Silva to be
of sound mind. She is the woman who,
a few weeks asro. as described at the
time in The Call, offered a man $40 to
kill her husband, A. J. Silva, a grocer,
and who appeared to be delighted when
she was .ed to believe the Job had been
completed. Her husband had her arrest
ed and placed under bends to keep the
peace.
She secured her release this morning on
a writ of habeas corpus and her examina
tion as to sanity followed, with the result
stated. Mrs. Silva must be of the opinion
that in not relishing the idea "of being
murdered her husband, has been guilty
of an unpardonable breach, as the records
at the County Clerk's olllce show that
she has broiifnt suit against him for di
vorce, cuarging abandonment.
DEPARTMENT OF ALASKA.
War Department to Establish a New
,•.¦•.--¦• Military District. ;.;;
Special Dispatch to The Call. . ,
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Secretary Root
said to-night that the Department of
Alaska would be established, removing
the Alaskan Territory from the jurisdic
tion .of the Department of the Columbia.
The rush to Capo Nome has necessitated
the presence of more soldiers, and, having
decided to send four or five regiments and
In view of the remoteness from the head
quarters from which orders for Alaskan
troops now emanate. It Is deemed best to
create a riew department. As soon as the
details are worked out an order will be
issued. General Corbln said to-night It
had not been decided who would be placed
in command. _
CROCKER ESTATE LOSES.
Verdict in the Land Case in Favor of
Knowles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. s.— ln the case
of Knowles Vs. the Crocker Estate Com
pany, the jury to-day gave plaintiff a ver
dict for $452 60, and also a restitution of
the premises Involved In the litigation
The land comprises some eight acres of
land at Colma, which had been Inclosed
by plaintiff in September, 1896, by a board
and wire fence. In the following Novem
ber the defendant unlawfully took pos
session of the land. The case has been
on trial here for three days. Another
case between the same parties is pending,
in which the question of title to the same
premises is involved.
FALL WITH AN ELEVATOR.
Three Victims of an Accident in a
Chicago Factory.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.— An elevator in the
furnace room of the brass foundry of the
Illinois Steel Company's branch works at
Thirty-first street and Ashland avenue,
fell to-day. Instantly killing two workmen
and Injuring another so badly that he died
a few minutes after being removed to the
hospital. The dead: . . ...
JOSEPH MIDDIE.
IGNATZ GIAZGOAK. ,; %
JOSEPH SOCK. - . ,
The men were using an elevator for
carrying ore and blocks of iron to the
upper rooms. When near the top the ele
vator cable parted and the car fell to the
bottom of the shaft. :¦'¦¦-.*-?*:
FINAL SUMMONS FOR
DR. W. A. HAMMOND
Notable Career of the Former Sur
geon General of the Army
Comes to a Close.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Dr. William A.
Hammond, former surgeon general of the
army, died here to-night. Dr. Hammond
conducted a sanitarium here for some
years. He had a notable and somewhat
checkered career. He was on the retired
list at the time of his death. He at one
time -lost his position In the army, but
was restored after a hard fight.
William Alexander Hammond was born
at Annapolis. Md., on August 28, 182S;
graduated as M. D. at the New York Uni
versity in 1843 and entered the United
States army as assistant surgeon In 1849.
He remained in the army until October.
1860, when' he resigned and accepted the
appointment of professor of anatomy and
physiology in the University of Maryland
at Baltimore, where he also obtained a
large practice.
At the outbreak of the Civil War he
offered his services to the Government
and was reappolnted assistant surgeon in
May, 1861. On the reorganization of the
medical department in 1562 he was ap
pointed surgeon general of the army, in
which capacity he displayed great energy
and ability.
After two years of eminent service he
was accused of irregularities In awarding
contracts, tried by court-martial and dis
missed from office in 1864. He was
.subsequently vindicated and received
-ofneiar assurance that "a great wrong
Jiad been done" him.. Bearing this
unjust stigma, but undismayed, he
entered upon the . practice of his
profession in New York. For a time
lie was in pecuniary straits and compelled
to. eke out an income with his pen. In
1878 a special bill authorized the President
to review the court-martial proceedings
resulting in his honorable restoration to
rank, and he was placed on the retired
list.
Dr. Hammond was professor of diseases
of the mind and nervous system in New
York City and Baltimore medical colleges
and was the author of many valuable
works on these subjects. Of late years
Dr. Hammond conducted the Hammond
Sanitarium in Washington. His daughter,
well known as the Marquise Clara
Lanza and as an author and Journalist,
was married to an Italian nobleman. His
son, Graeme M. Hammond. Is a practicing
physician in New York City.
TEAMSTER KILLED.
Fell From His Wagon and the
Wheels Passed Over His Head.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Jan. s.— James Kerwln, an old
resident of Fresno, employed by the
Fresno Flume and Irrigation Company,
was instantly killed near Konyons, on
Pine Ridge, about 2 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon. He was driving down a steep
grade on a wagon loaded with shakes,
when he slipped and fell forward between
the wagon and the horses. The animals
took fright and dashed down the incline,
dragging Kerwin until he lost his hold,
when the wheels of the heavily freighted
wagon passed over his head, crushing his
skull. He died instantly and the body
was carried back to Kenyons.' Coroner
Long was then summoned by telephone
and left last evening for the scene of the
accident.
Kerwln has lived in Fresno for several
years, and at one time conducted a livery
stable in this city. He worked for Henry
Bros, and for Colonel Forsyth at differ
ent times. The body will probably be
brought to Fresno for interment.
MISS GOULD'S DONATION.
Thousand Dollars for the Women's
Temple Fund at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.— Miss Helen Gould
has lent the strength of. her name, backed
by. a substantial donation of $1000, to the
movement to retain the Women's Temple.
This announcement was made to-day at
the Joint meeting of the temple trustees
and the committee representing the hold
ers of the temple trust bonds, held to dis
cuss the plans and prospects of the trus
tees.
Another announcement that grave en
couragement to Mrs. M. B. Carse and her
confreres, who have worked to save the
temple, was that Marshall Field had ex
tended the limit of his offer of $100,000 for
another year.
, The offer of Miss Gould Is the result at
a plan made some time ago by Mrs. Carse.
The scheme Is to get 100 persons to agree
to give $1000 each toward the fund of &00,
000 to cancel the temple trust bonds, the
subscriptions not to be paid until the en
tire amount Is secured.
WAGES ADVANCED.
American Steel and Wire Company
"•; . Cheers Its Employes.
PITTSBURG, Jan. s.— The American
Steel and Wire Company to-day posted
notices in all of Its plants notifying its
employes of a general advance In wages
of 7^i per cent, to take effect from Janu
ary 1. The advance affects 30.000 employes.
10,000 of whom are in the Pittsburg dis
trict, the balance being employed" in the
company's works In Chicago, Cleveland
and Kokomo, Ind.
In addition to the 7^4 per cent Increase
the company will establish a benefit fund
Into which will be paid for the benefit of
the workers an amount equal to 2*4 per
cent of the pay roll. This fund will be
distributed in such manner as may be
decided upon by the company at a later
date.y: it? *¦.¦¦. . .
Forges Small Checks.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. s.— Merchants
here have been victimized in wholesale
style by a clever forger of small checks
drawn upon the Bank of British Columbia
and signed "Morrison & Armstrong." Each
check was drawn In favor of George Volk
mar, who represented himself as a work
man In the employ of the firm. The forger
has not been arrested. The police have
his descrlotion.
BELIEVE BASSENDORFF
WAS MURDERED
Coroner Hoskell Says That There Is
Nothing to Support the The
ory of Foul Play.
TACOMA, Jan. 6.— Frank Bassendorff,
the returned Klondiker, who was found
lying In a small pool of water below the
bluff near the headquarters building last
Monday morning, was prominent in Gen
esee County, New York, and his friends
there are not ready to accept the accident
theory to account for his death. Local
attorneys have been retained to look after
the Interests of the family and friends.
Coroner Hoskell does not believe a mur
der theory possible. An autopsy was con
ducted on the body of Bassendorff and
the report of the physicians was that his
ribs had been broken in and one of his
legs dislocated. The Injury to his head
was not enough to cause death, and as no
water was found on his lungs the physi
cians and Coroner believe he could not
have been drowned.
The Coroner says the man appeared to
have been drinking and reports came to
the effect that he had been about the city
in various saloons. This, though, the
Coroner cannot confirm. He cannot find
that he was seen anywhere in Tacoma.
The two empty gold sacks, the Coroner
says, were found In his bundle of blankets
and not on his person.
Bassendorff had just returned from
Alaska and his memorandum books indi
cated he at one time had $1000, but there
was nothing on his person save an empty
pocketbook.
SWEIGERT HEARING.
Judge Hyland Denies the Bequest
for a Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
SAN JOSE, Jan. s.— The row over the
administration of the estate of Adam
Sweigert, the capitalist, will be aired be
fore Judge Hyland next Tuesday. There
was a spirited argument before that
Judge to-day as to whether the opposition
to the appointment of Jonathan Sweigert
as administrator of his father's ¦ estate
should be heard before a jury or Judge.
Judge Slack of San Francisco and Attor
ney Ross of Redwood City appeared for
Carrie Sweigert, th» granddaughter of
deceased, who heads the opposition, and
T. C. Coogan of San Francisco represent
ed Jonathan Sweigert.
In the opposition presented by Carrie
Sweigert last Friday she attacked the in
tegrity of Jonathan Sweigert and accused
him of misappropriating some $90,000 be
longing to the estate of Adam Swelgrert
It also asked that Jonathan Sweigert be
not appointed administrator, but some
competent person be named as adminis
trator.
Judge Slack, who represents Miss Swei
gert, asked that the charges against
Jonathan Swelgert be heard before a Jury.
Coogan opposed It. This was argued in
court to-day.
Judge Hyland denied the request for n
jury trial and the matter will now be
heard before him next Tuesday. Some
sensational testimony is expected.
SETTLED OUT OF COURT.
Rival San Jose Butchers AgTee on a
Compromise.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE. \Tan. s.— The trouble which
has existed between the Woodward-Ben
nett Meat Company and the Coopers, a
rival market, for the past five years has
been compromised, and to-day a number
of suits affecting both sides were dis
missed In Judge Lorigan's court. Messrs.
Woodward and Bennett and E. Coopers
consolidated their shops into the San Jose
Meat Company, and shortly after a fight
occurred in the directorate of the com
pany. Woodward and Bennett took forci
ble possession of the shops and guarded
them for a time with armed men. Charges
of burglary, battery and assault 'were the
outcome of the trouble, and at one time
seventeen civil suits between the parties
were pending In the Superior Court. Just
what the terms of settlement are Is not
known, but a mutual settlement has been
reached and the company dissolved.
»
Christian Church Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. s.— The District Con
vention of the Christian church will meet
here on January 15 and 16. The conven
tion Includes the counties of Northern and
Central California. Between seventy-five
and a hundred delegates are expected to
be present. The local churches are mak
ing arrangements to receive the visitors.
Miss Jane Hathaway of this city is chair
man of the entertainment committee. The
committee In charge of the arrangements
for the convention is made up of Rev. E
T. Nesbltt of Gilroy, Rev. D. A. Russell of
Palo Alto and Rev. A. Hathaway of Ala
meda. The programme will Include many
interesting papers.
Nebraska's Fusion Convention.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 6.— The State Cen
tral committees of the Democrats, Pop
ulists and Free Silver Republicans met at
Lincoln to-day and selected March 19 as
the date and Lincoln as the place for the
State Convention to choose delegates to
the National Convention. The meeting
was held behind closed doors and there
was considerable friction. A resolution
expressing indignation at the course pur
sued by England In the war with the
Boers aroused a heated debate and finally
was voted down. Several members of tho
national committees of each of the three
parties were In attendance. Lee Herdman
was Indorsed for clerk of the Supreme
Court.
Jones a Bankrupt.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 5.— S. A. D. Jones,
agent of the New York Life Insurance
Company, to-day filed a petition in bank
ruptcy In the United States District Court
specifying that his debts are those ac
quired while conducting business in San
Francisco under the name S. W. D. Jones
& Co. One of the items of his indebted
ness 13 a claim of the New York Life In
surance Company for $960. There are other
claims for J2653 13, and a number of small
outlawed claims held by San Francisco
and New York people. His assets are ex
empt. '
Gift to Wyoming University.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Jan. 6.— President Hor
ace O. Burt of the Union Pacific has pre
sented to the University of Wyoming, lo
cated at Laramle, six blocks of valuable
land lying Just north of the university and
embracing about twenty acres. The gift
came as a New Year's present and was
freatly appreciated by the, university
O&rd. as the. land was much needed for
building and campus grounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 5. — A remarkable story develops from an attempted
murder in the mining camp of Chemung, a backwoods section that Is prac
tically isolated at this time of the year. News of the affair reached her*
to-day. The day before Christmas Ernest Carheart shot and probably fa
tally wounded Chris Manning. Manning is a mining operator and has been
developing some properties for a rouple of years. Last summer he sold out
for $30,000, received a large payment down and returned to tne camp late In
the fall to make some additional locations. The day before Christmas he
went into Chemung and entered a barber shop to have his heavy beard re
moved, it being his intention to go East. • The barber. Carheart, who had
only been in the camp a short time, removed part of the beard. He then
went to the back of the shop, procured a revolver and. returning, shot the
man In his chair. Carheart tells his story as follows:
A number of years ago the two lived In Dresden. Me. Carheart married
and Manning alienated the affections of the wife and eloped with her. The
two men had not met since until the day of the tragedy.
Both had changed in appearance, and neither had heard of the other
being in that locality. As Carheart removed the beard he recognized the man
as Manning and remembered the voice. Without saying at word, he se
cured his revolver. "Chris Manning:. I'm going to kill you!" he shouted,
firing almost instantly. Manning rolled out of the chair and Carheart was
prevented from shooting him again.
When Manning was told Carheart's story, he denied he had run away
with Carheart's wife, saying she was Carheart's sweetheart. He said he
married the woman, who had died several years before In Nevada,
BURGLAR FOILED
BY GOOD LIQUOR
Lost His Way in His
Victim's House.
Special Dispatch to Tn» Call.
PASADENA, Jan. s.— Frank Carter en
tered the home of William Kilbourn. in
South Pasadena, on New Year's day while
the family was enjoying the Tournament
of Roses. Carter had intended to make
a haul of household effects and any loose
cash which he might find, but on arriv
ing inside the house he found that Mr.
Kilbourn kept a wine cellar. Here were
stored all the choice wines of years' sav
ing and they proved too much of a temp
tation to be resisted. It is improbable
that Carter even tried to resist. He fell
to with a will, and when he had got his
fill of wine he began to look about him
in a dazed sort of way for a means of ea-
cape.
The family might be returning home
from the floral carnival at any moment,
he knew. When he looked about him he
could not recall how he had got Into the
house. A queer swimming of the head,
which often follows the imbibing of liquor,
it is said, had taken hold of him. Some
how he tacked his way Into the pantry,
but there was no means of exit to the
street from here. When he looked at a
door the drunken burglar saw two doors,
and when he reached for a knob there
was no knob there. It was a strange sit
uation to be in — one which many a man
has found unpleasant even though he was
Inside his own house.
The burglar saw a butcher knife, and
quickly seizing it began cutting: at the
panel of a near-by door. It was this grat
ing sound that met the ear of Mr. and
Mrs. Kllbourn when they arrived home
from the tournament. Mr. Kilbourn re
marked that .his wife had left the window
of the pantry open. "No. I didn t. re
plied Mrs. Kllbourn. Then they opened
the door and found the burglar there, cut
ting away for freedom. He had broken
two knives and was beginning on another.
They pounced on him. Mrs. Kllbourn be
ing all the more savage in her pounding
because the drunken burglar had upset a
pan of milk in his contortions and had
also trod a pie into the mesa.
At the preliminary hearing he pleaded
guilty, saying morosely, "Yes. I was there,
and that's all there Is to it." He was
found guilty of burglary and remanded
for trial before the Superior Court In Los
Angeles. '
DAVID E. KNIGHT IS
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Although the Aged Capitalist Has Long
Been Suffering the End Came
Suddenly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOB RIDDLES A
HUMAN TARGET
Attack Upon a Woman
Avenged.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Jan. 5.— W. W.
Watt was taken from the station house
by a mob early this morning and shot to
death for having criminally assaulted
Mrs. T. M. Simpson, wife of an employe
of the shipyard.
Watt, who is from Lynchburc had been
In this city several weeks. Late last even
ing he went to the house of T. M. Simp
son, a ship joiner, and in Simpson's ab
sence attacked Mrs. Simpson. She had
previously given the man something to
eat, and he came ostensibly to thank her
for the kindness.
After the crime Watt took a train for
Richmond, but a special officer Jumped
the train as it was moving out, handcu:fed
the man and brought him back on the
next train. Watt -was locked up and at i
o'clock this morning a mob of armed and
masked men came to the station house,
disarmed the sergeant and at the point of
revolvers made him unlock the cell where
the wretch was crouching, pleading for
his life.
The prisoner was taken out to a strip
of woods on the edge of the city about
three-fourths of a mile from the station
house, tied by the hands to a treo ami
shot to death. Forty bullets entered the
body.
Thousands of persons visited the scene
to-day. Watt was Identified by the
woman at the Jail last night and again
this morning. Watt claimed to bo an
electrician, but did not follow the profes
sion while here. No arrests have been
made, and it is not believed that the affair
will be investigated until the Grand Jury
convenes at the regular term, a month
hence.
RECOGNIZED AN ENEMY
WHILE SHAVING HIM
Chris Manning, a Mining Operator, Shot
by a Barber Who Was Removing
His Crop of Whiskers.
CARRIED SOBBING
TO THE SCAFFOLD
Chinese Murderer Exe
cuted at San Quentin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON. Jan. s.— Go
See, the murderer of Qung Chung of Por
terville, to-day expiated his crime on the
scaffold.
The condemned man passed a restless
night, muttering what seemed to be pray
ers which his spiritual adviser, Father
Sullivan,' had taught him. At times he
would break out into railery and again
would seem to be transported back to the
days of his childhood and talk of his
mother and his life in the Flowery King
dom. The crucifix which Father Sullivan
had presented him with seemed to prove
a source of much consolation to him, and
early this morning he knelt In prayer be
fore the symnol of hope.
Before the final scene Father Egan vis
ited the cell and baptized the doomed con
vert. At 10:30 o'clock, the reading of the
death warrant being omitted. Execu
tioner Arbogast and Guard Beagly led the
condemned man forth and supported him
up the steps of the scaffold, for at the
last moment the sense of his doom over
came him, his knees gave way and he
broke Into loud sobs, calling again and
again on his mother. At 10:32 o'clock the
trap fell. Dr. Casey, the prison physi
cian, pronounced life extinct in eleven
minutes. There was no respiration after
the trap fell, v .
This* was the first hanging under War
den Agulrre's regime. Executioner Arbo
gast was visibly affected, but managed to
control his nerves until the end.
The crime for which Go See paid the
penalty was the murder of Qung Chung
at Porterville. The remains of the mur
dered man were found In the ruins after
a conflagration in the Chinese quarter
there, with a knife in the back. The
crime was traced to Go See and the guilt
being unmistakably brought home to him
he was condemned to death.
Go See had been in this country fifteen
years and conducted a laundry. He was
formerly a bookkeeper In China,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
CONDEMNED MEN
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Desperate Conflict Pre
cedes a Hanging.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 6.— Geronlmo Parra
and Antonio Flores. who were hanged
here to-day for murder, made a desperate
effort to kill some of the officers /or spec
tators this afternoon when their cell door
was unlocked. It had been decided to
hang Flores first, for fear that he would
break down. When the officers unlocked
the cell door to convey him to the gallows
both prisoners dashed out and stabbed
right and left among the crowd with dirks
made of coarse steel wire.
A desperate struggle followed and the
most intense excitement was precipitated.
A constable shoved Parra into the cell
and bolted the door and five rangers and
Deputy Sheriffs sprang upon Flores, dis
arming him and bearing him to the floor.
He was bound and conveyed to the scaf
fold, where death was Instantaneous.
Ranger Ed Bryant was wounded in the
stomach by a dagger thrust. ...
Parra was covered by revolvers and dis
armed, after which he was taken to the
scaffold. Death was instantaneous in his
case also.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
3FRUIT SHIPMENTS CONTINUE.
Each One Ib Accompanied by a Pro-
teat Against Routing.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. s.— Shipments of
oranges from Southern California points
to the Eastern markets continued to-day.
Each shipment is made under protest
against the routing order of the railroads
The Lob Angeles Chamber of Commerce'
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' Ahs<>l
ciation. the IJoard of Trade and the Los
Angeles Clearing-house jointly sent tele
grams to-day to President Ripley of the
Santa Ke and President Huntington of
the Southern Pacific Company urging
upon them the necepsity for an immediate
conference with the fruit growers of
Southern California with the object of
epeedily settling the question of car rout-
Ing. Mr. Ripley signified his willingness
to meet in conference, but an answer Is
not expected from Mr. Huntington until
Monday, when the telegram will reach
him.
Will Distribute Medals.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5.-On Thursday
evening next the two local parlors of the
Native Sons of the Golden West will dis
tribute medals to the volunteer soldiers of
thfe Spanish-American war who enlisted
In this city.
Time— 3-16, :ISH: 7-16 :43H: tW. l:03H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
E. LanlganVb. 1., by Balgowan-Parolee. it^rL'.
• Genua wa9 never asked anything. Storm King rot uncorked; h* ran a ways with his
mouth wide open. Katie Gibbons Is still looking for her speed.
Scratched— Revanna 104. St. Isidor 96.
ZULUS RESTLESS.
PIETERMARITZBURO. Jan. s.— The)
restlessness of the Zulus is increasing.
Many of them are on the verge of star
vation, and there have been several in
stances of looting stores. It is feared tha
magistrates will not be able to restrain
the warriors much longer. It la asserted
they are anxious to attack the Boers.
MAJOR HARVEY KILLED.
LONDON, Jan. 5.— A special dispatch
from Rensberg says Major Harvey of the
Tenth Hussars was killed and Major
Alexander wounded while the Hussars
were pursuing the retreating Boers after
the aftack on the British left January 4,
near Colesberg.
HIGH SHERIFF PAROLED.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. s.— The Transvaal's
High Sheriff. Jula, while attempting to
sail for Delagoa Bay to-day was arrested
here. He was subsequently paroled.
LONDON. Jan. s.— Sir Thomas Lipton,
who, with his friend William Gibson,
leaves next week to Join his steam yacht,
the Erin, for a cruise In the Mediterran
ean, has issued a challenge for the Amer
ica's cup in 1901. as he said he would do
before he left New York.
Alleged Diamond Swindler.
BT. JOSEPH, .Mo., Jan. 6.— Jpseph
Schwartz, a once prominent Jeweler of
Time— 3-16. :1S; 7-16, :43%: 6V4f. 1:09%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlv
. ing. Winner, F. Phillips' eh. f., by Riley-Mlss Murphy.
Alice Dougherty smothered her company, after getting away next to last. LJmerick ran
..well. .Choteau showed improvement. Florablrd cut off early. Redwald had a rough trip.
Scratched— Aborigine 112, Dlomed 112. Tlzona 112, Stsquoc 112.
WEAK STOMACH.
— I > h y -=f7\)PJi
TVh*n your stomach fails to digest your
food you are bound to be sick— for you
can't get along M'ithout the nutrition
which comes from a good digestion. Your
6tomach is weak— give it strength.
Electricity, properly applied, will cure
your stomach. My twenty years" experi-
ence has brought forth the
dr. Mclaughlin method
which is different from all other plans
of using; electricity. It succe-eds in curing
Tvhere all others fall, because I know
how to use electricity lor the cure of
disease.
Call to-fiay or send for my book free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TO2 Market St.. cor. K<M.rny. S. F.; Burdiclt
block, cor. Sprizg nr.i 6tco£d sts.. Los Asf ele«.
Time— hi. :24V4; V 4. :49W: %. 1:18. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. Caesar
Toung's eh. t., by Col. Clark-Gratitude.
Maud Ferguson beat the gate. Good Hope was best. Silver Tone away poorly and
cut t>ft* several times* ¦.-•/¦"¦•¦ Wv«'#'.>
Scratched— Merry Boy 107. . Alarla 106, St. Agnes 83.
Time— Vi, :25V4; hi. :50%; H. 1:03',i: 74. 1:30. Good start. Won easlnc up. Second eas
ily. Winner E Corrlpan's b g.. by Ben All-Hot Springs.
Nothing to it from the start but Geyser.
Scratched— Bannockburn ¦ 114. -:.-»¦, ; -. ;
Time— \i :26; H. :B2H*. %. 1:19%: mile-. I:<5H- Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, W. A. BtotesburVs br. f.. by imp. Topiallaat-Weloome.
Ping should have won; he came fast when it was all orer. Winner best rlddta. Vassal
showed po speed.
. Scratched— Allenna BT. March Berw IT. Whalebacfc IM.
Time— hi. :25; % :37; H. 1:02%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner. Oeorce W. Miller 1 s b. m., by Celvldere-Lizette.
Miss Marlon should have won: was killed off by racing with Lady Helolse. Jones oa
winner saved much ground.- '-'.'¦.: -• - . ¦
Scratched— The Last 105, Shellao 107, Nora Ives 101. Theory 101.
DECLARED A DRAW.
Sullivan-McFadden Fight Marked by
Rough Work.
NEW YORK. Jan. s.— "Spike" Sullivan
and George McFadden of this city met
to-night at the Broadway Athletic Club
to decide which had the right for con-
Fideration for a meeting with the light
weight champion. Erne, and his close sec
ond. Jack O'Brien.
After they had fought for the full limit
of twenty-five rounds, in which there was
eomp, rough work and not a little fouling,
principally by McFadden. Referee Charley
White declared the contest a draw. Sul
livan was the favorite in the betting at
100 to 70. The decision was well receive^.
"Young Walcott." brother of Joe
cott. was defeated on points in a twelve
round bout with "Jack" Smith of this
city.
TOD SLOAN'S MISSION.
Coming to San Francisco to Engage
Alice Neilson.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.— Jockey Tod Sloan
left to-day for Kokomo, Ind., to pay a
visit to his home. On his return here he
will Join Jockey "Skeets" Martin and the
two will continue their Journey from
England to Ban Francisco. They expect
to leave for the coast on Tuesday. Sloan.
Just before leaving for Indiana, said that
the real reason for his trip to California
was to engage. If possible, Alice Nellson,
the comic opera star, for Ills London
theatrical venture.
Drucks Into an Uppercut.
BUTTE. Mont., Jan. s.— Jack Livingston,
known as the St. Paul Kid, knocked out
Kid Madden of Denver, brother of Billy
Madden, in the third round before the
Butte Athletic Club to-night. Both are
llg-htwelghtß. Livingston had the better
of it from the start, though Madden did
some clever work. In the third Madden
ducked to avoid a straight right and
caught a left upperout on the jaw, knock
ing him out^
Dr. Walmsley second, Eushflelds third. Time.
1:44.
Mile, handicap — Andes won, Deeringj second,
IVyo thim. Time, 1:42.
Mile and •event? yards, selling— Wolhnrst
won, Waterhouse eecond. Can I See 'Em third.
Time. li<S.
BROWN IS
COMPELLED
TO DEPART
Former Starter Escorted From
the Racecourse at New
Orleans.
NETV ORLEANS, Jan. s.— San Durango
and WolhurFt were the only winning fa
vorites to-day. The track was, fast and
the weather pleasantly rooL'
The racing governors wore called upon
lor the first time to enforce the Turf Con
gress rule which denies admission to
tracks under its jurisdiction to persons
ruled off. EL D. (Curly) Brown, the ex-
Btarter, who was ruled off at Newport,
Ky., late in the season for an assault on
D. J. Murray, and J. M. Berry, who was
ruled off at St. Loui.s gained admission
to the grounds. As soon a« their presence
vas discovered they were escorted beyond
the limits of the track.
The management has ruled that persons
owning horses trained in, public stables
must procure end register individual col
ors.
J, D. Clayton, trainer of Virgie O. has
been suspended pending an investigation
of the mare's performance. Results;
Six ts.t a half xurlocgm, selling— B«n Durango
won. Deceptive second. Elglit Bella third. Time,
1:22.
Eeven furtsr.g» — Adjutor won. Amelia Btrath
mcr* «eeon<J. 6a<!> Burnham thtrd. Time, l:S0%.
M'.le ar.2 twenty yards, selling— Xekarnla won.
The Crown of Russia.
The crown of Russia Is at present pre
sumably the richest In diamonds. Beside*
several valuable collections In the im
perial treasury, there are three crownd
entirely composed of these stones. That
of Ivan Alexiowitch contains SBl, that of
it 4V h n£ re # %' and lhat of c «herine
"*»¦, °" c « f a most remarkable dia
monds is the "Orloff." now set in the top
of the imperial scepter, and on this ac
count is sometimes called the "Scepter"
diamond. The history of this stone has
been much mixed up with that of the
Moon of the Mountain." another great
diamond in the possession of the Czar
The most authentic account appears to be
that it formed one of the eyes of tho
Hindu god Sri-Ranga. to whom was dedi
ca S ed n« J n , a ? nl fl c ent temple situated on
a fortified Island in Mysore.
A French deserter from the Indian ser
vice, who had been at work in the neigh
borhood of this temple, hearing of the
Idol's "beaux yeux." determined to be
come their possessor. As no Christiana
were permitted within the precincts of the
pagoda, he. in order to gain the confidence
of the priests, became a devotee and so
ingratiated himself with the Brahmins
that they confided to him the guardian
ship of the inner shrine, which contained
the idol. Watching his opportunity one
stormy night he succeeded in forcing one
of the eyes out of its socket and fled with
it to Madras, where he sold the gem to
an English sea captain for £200"), who. in
turn, disposed of it to a Jew for £12 00)
From him it was purchased by KoJ#h a
Persian merchant, who. at Amsterdam,
when on his way from England to Russia
met Prince Orloff. This Prince, in order
to regain the favor of Catherine 11, under
whose displeasure he had fallen, bought
the gem from the merchant for the sum
of £90.000 and an annuity of £4000. and
presented It to his imperial mistress, who
had previously declined the purchase aa
too costly, but now accepted this, truly
royal rift from her illustrious aubject.
The "Orloff" diamond weighs 194 carats,
and Its estimated value is £3»53.500. In
size It ranks first among: European gems.
and In beauty yields the palm to the
"Repent" only. It is said that "vVllkie
Collins' novel "The Moonstone" was sug
gested by this stone.— Chambers* Journal.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge.
J. F. CALOVTELLr-Starter.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. EKbert.)
TAUTOTLAN . PARK, Friday, January 5, 19OO.— Thirtieth day of
the Winter ' Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather cloudy.
Track sloppy. _^
COURT NOTES
Ella Lytle has sued Charles L. Lytle
for a divorce, alleging desertion as causa
of action.
Attorney C. A. Storke has filed a de
tailed report of his labors as attorney for
the estate of the late A. P. More, in which
he claims that he is entitled to $16,500 for
nis services. Judge Coffey expressed a
desire to reduce the claim, and the argu
ment that followed resulted In a continu
ance till to-day, when the matter will
again come up for hearing.
The writ of habeas corpus sworn out to
secure the release of John Piggott the
notorious pickpocket, on the ground that
he was adjudged Insane prior to his ar
rest on the charge for which he 13 now
under conviction will be heard on the
13th inst.
11. 11. Smith, who waa adjudged guilty
of contempt for refusing- to obey an order
™™ Urt d P-^"' 9 wl?e J:o a rnomh ali
mony paid the back ciaim yesterday and
was discharged from custody.
Kansas City, more recently alleged to have
been connected with diamond swindlers in
majay parts of the country. Is In jail here,
having boen taken ftom an officer on
board a train on his way to Council Bluffs
from Kansas City, where Schwartz Is
wantod for many alleged cases of diamond
swindling. Habeas corpus proceedings
were started here, and Schwartz will ap
pear in court, at 9 o'clock to-morrow. lie
will be represented by attorneys from
Kansas City and St.. Joseph.
Russell Succumbs.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.— W. S. Russell,
a workman who on» Tuesday fell through
the trestle of the American River railroad
bridge, died to-day from injuries received.
He leaves a widow and child.'
WHAT CARTOONIST WARREN SAW AT THE RINGSIDE.
MUDLARKS IN
DEMAND AT
TANFORAN
Three of the Choices Beaten.
Odd Run of Sto*m
King.
The threatening weather and a ragged
looking card attracted only a fair crowd
to Tanforan yesterday. There was noth
ing connected with the sport worthy of
especial mention, unless It were the defeat
of three favorites and another juicy plum,
handed to Corrigan's horse Geyser. The
public got fooled, thinking to see a great
contest between Bannockburn and Gey
eer, when, as a matter of fact, it Is said
the owner of the latter horse never had
an idea of starting him.
Storm King opened a 6 to 5 favorite for
the Introductory five and a half furlong
scramble, but for some unknown reason,
although the track was to his liking, his
price went back to 13 to 5. Several books
took great pleasure In laying against the
black horse, and he ran unplaced. Genua,
the post favorite, made all the running,
winning ridden out from Monda.
Barney Schreiber"s fast mare Miss
Marion ruled favorite over Loving Cup
for the live-furlong dash following, but
was beaten through an ill-judged ride.
Bullman, who had the mount, raced out
in front with the rank quitter Lady He
loise, besides losing fully four lengths by
a wide turn into the stretch. Jonea
brought Loving Cup up on the inside, ana,
catching the favorite all out, won by a
half-length in a mild drive. Juva secured
the show. '
The once mighty Vassal, from' Corri
gan's stable, started favorite for the mil©
selling run, finishing unplaced In a field
of "crabs." White Fern, with Jones up,
made all the running, and In the last few
yards won handily. Ping snatched tho
place from Racivan by a head. Faver
eham was also a starter.
With Bannockburn declining tho Issue,
the mile purse run went to Geyser. Cor
rigan's horse was a 1 to 6 favorite and
never had to be extended. Afamada
downed Bathos for place honors.
Jenkins seems to have no luck riding
Silver Tone. Tho Larzelere entry again
ruled favorite, but getting away poorly
could not finish better than third in the
run which followed. Maud Ferguson got
away first to a straggling start, leading
nearly to the wire, where Good Hope col
lared her and beat her out with ease. The
favorite, after ' being badly Interfered
with, ran into the show.
Starting a 4 to 5 favorite, Alico Dough
erty ran circles around her field in the
closing event, Vittitoe easing , the good
fiUv up at the end. Limerick led Choteau
oul for the plac«.
To-Bay's Entries
First race — Five furlonga; maiden four-year
olds and upward; Belling:.
406 Wild Het.. .100 j 666 Florence Fink.. lo3
. .Huncl* ....«-. ...113 67» Braw Lasß 100
147 Jockey Bill 1071 473 Miss Reel »6
678 Delecta 96 448 Cymona 96
.228 Fellclte 96 i Al Baldwin 8r..106
678 The Offering.... 98! 650 Miss Soak !00
678 St. Isidor 96 ... Jazabel lOt
Second r&ce—Tnree furlongs; two-rear-olds.
... Woeful, b. o. 108
I Moorehouse. Sam Lucus- Weeping Child.
?'.. Ratbgar, br. * 105
B. Con-lean. . Masetto-Rathleen.
.... Idly Dlggi, b. t 105
J. O Brown & Co. Red-Iron-LUy Wright.
.... Laura Marie, b. t 106
H. T. Oriffln. Sir Modred-Qlad Eyes.
.... Bofala, eh. f 106
B. Schrelber. Balgowan-Spozla.
.... Carlonlan, eh. g 106
E. Lantgan. Bt. Carlo-Bud.
.... Moonbrtght. b. f 105
Joe Webber. St. Carlo-MoonMcht.
Third race — One mile; three- year-olds and up
ward: selling-. , * '
... Mldian 10S 684 Sardonic 107
B8« Greyhurst 105 ... Gibbettiflibbet ..105
K5 Rapldo 105 662 Prestome 103
655 Alicia. 1031 674 Red Pirate 103
678 Modwena 102 j GBO Terrene 9$
fiO2 Rummer 88! G6S March Seven 87
675 Rlxford *9I
Fourth race — One. mile and a quarter; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
574 Topmaat 111! 577 Daisy F 104
&77 Totente 107 j 574 Scotch Plaid 106
G77 Tappan 110 : 575 Meadowthorpe ..103
Fifth race— One mile and one-eighth; hurdle;
handicap.
397 Loma -.325 660 Fi Fl 130
660 Una C010rad0... 125 245 "VVatossa 125
D6O Meddler 130 483 Granger ....;. ...165
571 Rio Chlco 126 626 Duke of York 11.165
060 Rossmore iS2 (660)Monlta ..155
... University .. 12i[ |
Sixth race— One mile and a half; four-year
olds and UDward; selling.
828 Irticid ... .....105 1 577 Morlnel 103
481 Forte .. ......105 ](572)Chimura ....1... 39
438 Master Lee 101 j
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Jazabel, Mies Soak, Delecta.
Second race— Carlonian,; Woeful,: Lily Diggs.
Third race— Red Pirate, Sardonic, Alicia:
Fourth race— Meadowthorpe, Topmast, Po
tente. ¦: . [: ... ?""':;
Fifth race— Meddler, Rossmore, Granger.
Sixth race— Chimura^ Morinel, Forte.
BASEBALL
PROMOTED ON
TWO FIELDS
D. R. McNeill Secures a Lease
of the Sixteenth-Street
Grounds.
The devotees of baseball will have their
choice of two leagues next year and the
old struggle of the survival of the fittest
will again be enacted. The directorate
of Mechanics' Institute yesterday leased
their fine grounds at Sixteenth and Fol
som streets to D. R. McNelll for a term
of years. Mr. McNeill has In the past
been the most successful promoter in this
city of big athletic events. He is a good
Judge of what the public will patronize
and always gives the best to be had.
The grounds will be available for all
manner of shows requiring big space in
their presentation. Under a new transfer
system they can be reached by all lines
crossing Sixteenth street and also Fill
more street. This makes them readily
accessible to all persons In the Western
Addition and also from the center of the
city. This was demonstrated by the ease
with which the crowds were carried to
the circus and to the big football games.
The threatened baseball war has not as
yet developed large proportions. The of
ficials of the league-promoting games at
Eighth and Harrison streets are prepar
ing for the season to come regardless of
the men who will use the Sixteenth street
grounds. Mr. McNeill haa not matured
his plans as yet. but his grounds will be
available for more than baseball.
MISS MORRISON ON
THE WITNESS STAND
Actress Declares She Was Goaded by
Continued Insults Into Killing
Leidenheimer.
CHATTANOOGA, Jan. 6.— The trial of
Julia' Morrison James for the murder of
Frank Leidenheimer, leading man in the
"Mr. Plaster of Paris" company, was re
sumed in the Circuit Court to-day. Jos
ephs, the electrician of the opera-house,
testified that Miss Morrison shot Leiden
heimer before he spoke and that Leiden
heimer made no effort to strike her.
This afternoon the defense began the
examination of witnesses and Mlsa Mor
rison was placed on the stand in her own
behalf. Her testimony was exceedingly
sensational and she frequently requested
the court to permit her to put some of
Leldenhelmer's language into writing
rather than utter the words.
While admitting the killing of Leiden
heimer, she asserted that it was because
of his repeated overbearing conduct to
ward her and numerous insults she had
received from him.
She testified that after she Joined the
"Plaster of Paris" company, Leidenheim
er was very friendly until he found that
she was married and that her husband
would accompany her on the road. From
that time, she said, he began. a systema
tic persecution; he made improper pro
posals to her and insulted her frequently;
he often called her foul namea and per
sisted in his course of abusing her until
she lost all control of herself.
On the evening of the shooting, she
said, Leidenheimer offered her an indig
nity. When he did this she lost control of
herself, and when she went to the stage
by the rear stairway. Just as she reached
the top of the steps Leidenheimer ap
proached her and called her a foul name.
From that moment she had no memory
of what happened. The time between
that moment and when she found herself
in the station house was a blank in her
mind. Explaining why she had the pistol
on this particular evening she said that
she always carried a pistol.
On cross-examination she said that she
had borne Leidenhelmer's Insults until she
had learned that she was to be supplanted
in Atlanta by another woman, and that
she then became desperate.
At this point court adjourned until to
morrow, when Miss Morrison will be
cross-examined further.
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH.
John Riley Imprisoned for Hoars in
a Muddy Creek.
Special rWspatch to The Call. - •
IGNACIO, Jan. s.— John Riley, a young
rancher of this place, had a narrow es
cape from drowning last night. Rlley
had been spending, the evening with
friends and on his homeward Journey wan
dered from the path and finally brought
up In the creek. His feet became tan
gled in the weeds and every struggle to
extricate himself settled the unfortunate
man deeper in the mud.
About 2 o'clock in the morning the creek
swelled with the rain, and began to rise
and Riley was soon in Icy water up to his
neck.
About daybreak an' Italian rancher
heard hla cries for aid and with difficulty
dragged him out of the water and took;
him home.
BANQUET TO NORWEGIANS.
Officers of the Elidad Received at
Santiago de Cuba.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Jan. s.— The
Cosmopolitan Club gave an elaborate ball
to-night in honor of the officers of the
Norwegian warship Elidad. The club
house was beautifully decorated with
flags of all nations.
The Norwegian captain In response to a
toast to "The Vikings" compared the
achievements of Admiral Sampson's fleet
to ancient Scandinavian marine warfare.
The officers expressed themselves as de
lighted with Santiago Americanized.
Preparing for the Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. s.— At the last meet
ing of the Woodland Improvement Club
further arrangements were made for the
Sacramento convention which will be held
In this city January 15. The sessions of
the convention will be held In the opera
house. The Board of Supervisors and the
City Trustees have appropriated $160 to
assist in defraying expenses. The follow
ing gentlemen comprise the reception
committee: M; Digg3. A. C. Huston. T.
S. Spauldlng, Will Johnston, J. J. Brown,
Charles Honpin, Bart Peart, William
Bemmerly. Ed Aroher, Sam Montgomery,
Jeff Clanton, S. C. Deaner, Irving Blow
ers. H. E. Coll. George Merritt. Ed Bul
lard, H. Hachmann, Will Porter, J. L Me-
Connell and L. Dletz.
Officers Elected.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. s.— At the meeting of
the directors of the Chamber of Commerce
this afternoon, George H. Ballou was
chosen president and H. P. Wood was re
elected secretary.
RELEASE OF THE MASHONA.
LONDON. Jan. S^-A dispatch from
Cape Town dated to-day Bays the prlxa
court haa released the British steamer
Maahona, captured by the British gnn-
boat Partridge early In December with
American flour said to be intended for the
Boars on board, but ordered her cargo to
be warehoused, pending a trial of the
case.
SENSATIONAL STORIES
CIRCULATE AT BERLIN
BERLIN. Jan. 5.— The Berliner N*uste
Nachrtchten states that in naval circles
the question as to whether German mail
steamers to South Africa should not be
convoyed by warships is under considera
tion, but the adoption of sucb measures
seems improbable. The Lokal Anzeiger
calls upon the Government to seize 46,0 M
shrapnel shell ordered by England from
Krupp to be afterward filled with lyd
dite.
The Hamburger General Auzeiger pub
lishes a sensational but so far uncon
firmed statement that all tbe sailors In
the Imperial navy on leave have received
orders to report at once at Keil and Wll
helmshofen.
At that time he said that the only point
that he was not sure about was a de
signer, and it Is stated on good authority,
although Sir Thomas does not say so. that
G. L. Watson, the famous designer. 13 to
be responsible for the new challenger and
that she probably will be built on tbe
Clyde.
POLICE STOP THE
NEILL-O'BRIEN FIGHT
The Californian Is Fouled and Is Helpless
After Maintaining a Decided Lead for
Twelve Rounds — Green Knocks Out Ast.
•£=3 ftJPTAIN OF POLICE GILrLIN
ff stopped the fight between Al Neill
U and "Jack' O'Brien last night in
\Zz-J Woodward's Pavilion- in the fif
teenth round. At the moment
Neill'e hands were at his side and O'Brien
was showering blows on his head and
body. The onslaught electrified the crowd,
as but an instant before the order was re
versed, Nelll being the aggressor and
O'Brien the man severely punished. This
had practically been the ord».-r for all the
rounds from the second, except when
Neill stood and allowed O'Brien to hit
him, that the latter might fight himself
out.
After Captain Glllin had stopped the
bout the men showed an inclination to
continue, and Referee Cook seemed favor
able to allowing them to do so.
The police cleared the ring before hostil
ities could be renewed, and the supporters
of each boxer can, and undoubtedly will,
claim for all time that their man would
have won ;f the fight had been allowed to
continue.
Nelll was hurried to his dressing
room and was at once examined by
Dr. Luetig. An abrasion on the groin I
about an Inch lor.jj was found and the
claim was made that this blow below the
belt was the cause of the Californian's
sudden collapse. It rendered him helpless !
for the next moment and changed his at- !
titude from that of a man winning easily I
to one of abject helplessness. Nelll \
claimed that a left uppercut aimed at him j
by O'Brien landed below the belt and did '
the damage.
O'Brien affirms that the blow was land- ;
ed fairly on the pit of the stomach, and |
that none of the rules of boxing were I
transgressed when it was delivered. The
Philadelphia^ was much distressed men
tally, claiming- that he was entitled to the i
decision. The majority of the spectators
did not agree with him in this, as he was
& hepeiessly beaten man for many rounds, i
O'Brien practically lost the use of his left ;
arm alter the second round, and at i:m*s I
Neiil stood up and let him hit with both •¦
hands without trying to defend himself.
He said afterward that he found O'Brien I
could not sting him and he was letting
the Philadelphian light himself to a stand- !
still.
Neill devoted much of his attention to
O'Brien's body, and after a time the blows
plainly had their effect.
O'Brien was quick to fee them coming
and doubled up to avoid them. Those that
lande-d shook him up badly, and there was j
a look of p;Jn in his face each time which j
spoke volumes for the effect they had on !
him. Neill showed marked improvement ¦
over his former fights and Is easily the j
premier middle-weight of the West. He !
blocked many blows which the spectators i
thought reused his guard, and apparently |
has the hitting powers of a heavy-weight.
O'Brien showed marvelous cleverness j
as a boxer until he emerged from a terri
fic engagement in the second round. This '.
took the steam out of his blows, and from '
that point to the end he did but little i
damage.
When the grrvng sent the men together
for the first time they feinted for a mo
ment. O'Brien was the first to lead, but
Neill smothered the blow. O'Brien
rushed in and landed a left on the body,
following it with a left uppercut. He kept
ot Nelll and in a clinch peppered him,
beating a cuick tattoo on head and body
with itoth hands. He rushed Neill. The
latu-r ducked and O'Brien was thrown
over his shoulder, landing on his feet. In
a clinch he jolted Neill and the latter
came back with right and left on body,
his Srst effort at attack.
The second and third rounds provide*!
the most sensational boxing ever s»en In
the Woodward's arena. O'Brien was the
first to cut loose and tried an uppercut.
This warn r.ot effective, and he rushed
Nelll around the ring. He was landing re
peatedly but without damage. Neill
etopped his gallop •with a left fao and fol
lowed it with another, which turned
O'Brien around. Thi« started the mix-up,
which lasted until the end of the round.
The men cast caution and the rules of
boxing to the winds and stood u;i ex
changing a perfect fusillade of blows. The
Fpertators leaped to their feet and The big
building was in an uproar. It seemed llesh
itnd blood could not stand the strain to
which the young athletes were subject-
ing themselves and that one or the other
must drop from exhaustion. When tho
gong sounded the spectators had worked
themselves into a perfect frenzy.
This was the effort from which O Brien
did not recuperate. In the third round
Nelll saw his advantage and was the ag
gressor. There was some more slugging
in which each took some punishment.
Neiil then landed a right and left which
stac-gered O'Brien. Neill was vicious ana
landed several times, dazing O'Brien.
Both men tired rapidly toward the end
and could hardly etand.
Neill recuperated more rapidly and
looked the fresher, but O'Brien was the
first on his feet at the gong. Neill Jolted
him with his left on the face and then
missed a left swing which would have
ended proceedings then and there had It
landed. O'Brien responded with a right
on the body and took a stiff one In re
turn. By this time the Phlladelphlan had
lost his jaunty air and his fancy boxing
and settled down to a hard eiege of fight
ing. He landed often, but without dam
age to Neill.
The fifth round was a resting spell for
both men, there being much feinting, and
finally a mix-up in O'Brien's corner. Nelll
had the best of a quick exchange and
jabbed with his left just before the bell.
Neiil was the aggressor In the next round
and plainly worried O'Brien with- his
feinting. O'Brien commenced to complain
to Referee Cook about some of Neill's
blows. He tried for a right and missed,
getting one In return. In a mix-up It was
all Neill's. At the end of this round
O'Brien's seconds paid much attention to
his left arm. He used it very carefully
after that. O'Brien appealed to the ref
eree again in the next round. •
He received some stinging blows on head
and body which staggered him. Nelll
missed one right and ducked into an vp r
percut.
In the eighth round O'Brien caught Neill
with a right that Bhook him up. He tried
again, but Neill blocked the blow and
landed In return. Neill landed again and
O'Brien's legs bent under him. He pulled
himself together and landed several right
swinsrs. In this round O'Brien showed a
kangaroo-like spring at his opponent
which was a new one on the crowd.
From the ninth round on Nelll paid
much attention to the body. He seemed
quite fresh, while O'Brien had a some
what bedraggled look. Neill led In the
tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth and
fourteenth rounds. In the latter he land
ed just after the bell signaled the end of
the round. O'Brien claimed a foul, but
the referee would not allow it.
In th«» fifteenth and last round Nelll
started quickly, as though to end proceed
ings then and there. He landed his right
several times, and the men were wrestling
ar,d Ftruggling around the ring. O'Brien
was getting the worst of it. and the crowd
was cheering Neill. urging him to finish
his opponent. Suddenly Neill's hands
dropped to hip side and O'Brien turned on
him like a flash. He landed as he please i
and Neill's head began to rock. Just as
tbe latter seemed to recover his strength
Captain Gillln entered the ring and
stopped the men. Referee Cook declared
it a draw.
The preliminary between Ast and Green
was slow when compared with the brisk
ness which characterized the main event.
Green had the advantage of Ast In rlngr
experience and put him out in the eighth
round. A right and left on the head
started Ast on the down grade, and a
right Jolt on the head finished him. Ast
fell toward his opponent and hung limp
on his ehoulder for a moment. Green
Ftepped back and Ast fell to the floor on
his face. The crowd was not sure that
Ast had received a blow sufficiently hard
to put him out of business and there was
some hissing.
From the start Green was the aggressor
and reached Ast repeatedly. Ast came
back with some jabs on the face, but he
was slow and the blows did little dam
ape. Green developed a lons reach In the
second round and landed several times on
the body when he seemed out of range.
Ho tried repeatedly for a right swing-, but
missed.
Ast was knocked down twice In the
third round. He was down again in the
fifth and was nearly counted out. Green
showed himself a seasoned campaigner
and vras always busy. He had a decided
l^ad up to the end when he put Ast out.
The latter was up and able to walk to
his corner almost as soon as the time
keepers tolled off the fateful ten seconds.
ANOTHER CHALLENGE
FOR THE AMERICA CUP
Sir Thomas Lipton Will Build Another Boat and
Try Again to Capture the Great Inter
national Yacht Trophy.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900,
by James Gordon Bennett.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
000000000000000000000000
g Neill-O'Brien Fight a Draw. g
o Mudlarks in Demand for Racing. o
oooooococooooooooooocoo o
SPORTING EVENTS OF THE DAY
000000000000000000000000
° Challenge for the America Cup. o
o Two Leagues in Baseball Field. o
000000000000000000 000000
580. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
581. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; mares; four-year-olds and upward; purse
$400.
582. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
583. FOURTH RACE—Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $500.
584. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
585. SIXTH RACE— Five and a halt furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
\ .71
'DR. MEYERS & CO., Specialists l
. FOR ALL DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF MEN.
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN AT ANY PRICE.
y^iat^^\V :t;^BWimgf,_ They Cure the Following Ailments:
/^^^o 7^^^^^/^^\ Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood
f&^Jl TMF J T ff^«\ Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
I X J I*WI <"*W I fS9€^B I Llvcr Djseascs Despondency
Iv. -Jb%m \i^ I- \laJL# I Heart Diseases Nervous Debility
\ AS~% A ftS^isrA *Bs».-/ Spine Diseases General Debility
h^Sj&^^&±S^A^%2£f^l Stomach Diseases Loss o' Memory
* m <*Z2^ c *PZs^JjgJi!FJ m *^L^ m ' ¦ Private Diseases Blood Poison
THEIR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE. j
Patients may deposit th« price of a cur« in any bank in 8. F. I
If not cured in a specified time their money will b* returned. Pay- ¦
menu may be made monthly 1* preferred.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK. Write or call for fre« advica,
prices, question list. etc. All correspondence confidential.
OH. MEYERS «S CO., 731 MARKET ST.. S. F.\
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. Hoan-S to 5 daily. 7 to 3 evenings .
4
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St. Urn.
467 Genua. 4 91 8 ...
664 Monda. 4 97 1
645 Clarando. 4 94 8
r.r.i Katie Gibbons 4 91 5 ...
544 Terrene. 4 98 11
689 Sallle Ooodwin, 6... 95 4
6C3 Pat Murphy, a 102 2
62S Storm King, 6 112 7
E33* Romany, 4 103! 9
671 Gold Baron, 4 93(10
656 Antloch, 4 IOOf 6
n n
2n 2 2
82 8 1
6h 7 2
11 8 U
7 2 C *a
4h 6 1
10 4 it 2
8 h 10 1
6 V 4 4 H
8 1 11
6tr. Fin.
1 n
2 3
3 2
4 3
6 h
6 h
7 2
8 H
9 3
10 2
11
Bettln*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
PhMan 5-2 13-5
Henry 7 10
T. Walsh S 4
J. Martin 8 7
Helnson 20 60
Stuart 8 15
I. Powell 15 30
Morsan 8-5 7-2
Jenkins 8 12
Bassln&er 40 100
Vlttltoe 20 O
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. %m. Hm.
(556) Loving Cup. 6 105 2 ... 2 H
BS7 Miss Marion, 4 103 1 ... 12
556 Juva, 4 101 4 ... ih
645 Lady Heloise, 6. 107 8 ... 8 2
639 Jingle Jingle. 4 104 7 ... 6 2
556 El SaJodo, 5 105 5 ... 6 1
(614) Raoery, 4 101 3 ... 7
Bettlns.
%m. Str. Pin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
S3 1 tt 1 1 E. Jones 2 2
1 H 2 n 2 1 Bullman 4-6 7-10
6 3 4H in Henry 10 20
3 1 3 2 4 1 N. Hill 12 40
4 2 6 40 5 2 Jenkins 8 12
6SO 6 8 640 Morgan 12 30
7 7 7 E. Ross :40 100
Index. Horse.
Age.
"Weight St.
%m.
Pin.
T
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
Hot.
%m.
Btr.
(564) -White Fern, 4 lOC 3
648 Ping. 6 109 5
570 Raclvan, 4 106 3
tC2 6am I'sn'baum, 8... 94 7
647 FaverEhatn, 4 11l 8
(666) Vassal, a 114 1
454 Champion Hose, 8.. 87 4
... Collins, a 105 6
3 V 4
5 1
1 h
7 V 4
4 Vt
8 1 I
8
6 n
1 H
8 1
1 H
6 V.
4 h
7 8
6 h
8
1 1
3 H
3 1H
4 a
5 1
68
7 SO
8
1 8
S 1
a H
4 1
fi 1
I 8
7 40
8
13 E. Jones 4 9-1
I h H. Stuart 6 7
3 8 M. Bergen..... I 7
4 4 T. Walsh .40 40
B 4 Ruls 2 18-6
610 Spencer 3-3 3
740 J. Martin 80 «0
8 Conley 10 »
Index. Hors».
Ace.
Weight St.
Km.
%m.
%m.
Etr.
Pin.
Jockeys.
Op.
(576) Geyser, 6 11l 8
(655) Afamada, 6 103 1
474 Bathos. 3 100 2
I
1 n
1 h
I
a n«
1 4
3 n
8
1 5
2 2
g
1 8
2 6
I
Spencer 1-6
Jenkins I
T. Walsh 10
1-5
6
9
I • " ' Betttnr.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St: Hm. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(sfi3) Oood Hope, 4 98 7 ... 6 1 *V 4 2 2 1 1 T. Walsh S 13-2
r,63 Maud Ferguson. 4. .102 1 ... 12 12 12 25 Vlttitoe S 9
550 Silver Tone. 4 10S 6 ... 7% 71 (H 3 2 Jenklna 1 4-S
r..".!> Glissando. 3 92 3 ... 34 31 31 48 Basslniser .... 10 40
385 Toriblo. 5 103 8 ... 6h 61*62 (H Henry 12 40
545 Amasa, 5 107 2 ... JH 2>i 4 % 8 2 1. Powell 7 20
(54:,) Aluminum, 5 103 6 ... , 4V4 61 71 7H Bullrnan 6-' ' ' «
' <SCr> Antolnetta, 3 9S ? ... 820 820 •8 15 810 Heinsan 16 30
545 Will Fay, 3 89 10 ... 910 940 940 950 Matthewg .... 40 200
K63 Mike nice, a.. 107 9 ... 10 10 10 10 N. Hill 10 40
Index.
I
Index. ~ : Horse. Weight. St.
(473) Alice Doußherty ...110 9
(508) Limerick ....112 2
669 Choteau 11l 1
, £f.G Isaline 110 10
53S Redwald 115 5
472 Racetto, 112 6
5C2 Giro ....115 8 .
EO9 Fine Shot 115 1
... Florablrd ...........115 3
633 Favorlto 112 4'
Horse.
I
Weight. St.
Urn.
Vita.
Betting.
Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
12 1 2 11% Vittitoe "Zs Ts
. 2h% 2 H 2 4 Morran 4 8
4 3 3 3 3 2 E. Jones 20 89
72. 6 H 4 h Ruiz 15 30
6 1 5 H 6 h Spencer 6 7
5H U 6 2 E. Ross 30 50
10 817 1 JenklMs 10 15
9H 7 1 8 3 Bullmen 6 20
BVt 9 4 9fl Conley 8 8
3 V 4 10 10 ' ' N. Hill 20 40
Km.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. %m. Hm.
(556) Loving Cup. 6 105 2 ... 2 H
BS7 Miss Marion, 4 103 1 ... 12
556 Juva, 4 101 4 ... ih
645 Lady Heloise, 6. 107 8 ... 8 2
639 Jingle Jingle. 4 104 7 ... 6 2
556 El SaJodo, 5 105 5 ... 6 1
(614) Raoery, 4 101 3 ... 7
Bettlns.
%m. Str. Pin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
S3 1 tt 1 1 E. Jones 2 2
1 H 2 n 2 1 Bullman 4-6 7-10
6 3 4H in Henry 10 20
3 1 3 2 4 1 N. Hill 12 40
4 2 6 40 5 2 Jenkins 8 12
6SO 6 8 640 Morgan 12 30
7 7 7 E. Ross :40 100
Index. Hors».
Ace.
Weight St.
Km.
%m.
%m.
Etr.
Pin.
Jockeys.
Op.
(576) Geyser, 6 11l 8
(655) Afamada, 6 103 1
474 Bathos. 3 100 2
I
1 n
1 h
I
a n«
1 4
3 n
8
1 5
2 2
g
1 8
2 6
I
Spencer 1-6
Jenkins I
T. Walsh 10
1-5
6
9
Index. Horse.
Age.
"Weight St.
%m.
Pin.
T
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
Hot.
%m.
Btr.
(564) -White Fern, 4 lOC 3
648 Ping. 6 109 5
570 Raclvan, 4 106 3
tC2 6am I'sn'baum, 8... 94 7
647 FaverEhatn, 4 11l 8
(666) Vassal, a 114 1
454 Champion Hose, 8.. 87 4
... Collins, a 105 6
3 V 4
5 1
1 h
7 V 4
4 Vt
8 1 I
8
6 n
1 H
8 1
1 H
6 V.
4 h
7 8
6 h
8
1 1
3 H
3 1H
4 a
5 1
68
7 SO
8
1 8
S 1
a H
4 1
fi 1
I 8
7 40
8
13 E. Jones 4 9-1
I h H. Stuart 6 7
3 8 M. Bergen..... I 7
4 4 T. Walsh .40 40
B 4 Ruls 2 18-6
610 Spencer 3-3 3
740 J. Martin 80 «0
8 Conley 10 »
Index.
I
Index. ~ : Horse. Weight. St.
(473) Alice Doußherty ...110 9
(508) Limerick ....112 2
669 Choteau 11l 1
, £f.G Isaline 110 10
53S Redwald 115 5
472 Racetto, 112 6
5C2 Giro ....115 8 .
EO9 Fine Shot 115 1
... Florablrd ...........115 3
633 Favorlto 112 4'
Horse.
I
Weight. St.
Urn.
Vita.
Betting.
Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
12 1 2 11% Vittitoe "Zs Ts
. 2h% 2 H 2 4 Morran 4 8
4 3 3 3 3 2 E. Jones 20 89
72. 6 H 4 h Ruiz 15 30
6 1 5 H 6 h Spencer 6 7
5H U 6 2 E. Ross 30 50
10 817 1 JenklMs 10 15
9H 7 1 8 3 Bullmen 6 20
BVt 9 4 9fl Conley 8 8
3 V 4 10 10 ' ' N. Hill 20 40
Km.
I • " ' Betttnr.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St: Hm. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(sfi3) Oood Hope, 4 98 7 ... 6 1 *V 4 2 2 1 1 T. Walsh S 13-2
r,63 Maud Ferguson. 4. .102 1 ... 12 12 12 25 Vlttitoe S 9
550 Silver Tone. 4 10S 6 ... 7% 71 (H 3 2 Jenklna 1 4-S
r..".!> Glissando. 3 92 3 ... 34 31 31 48 Basslniser .... 10 40
385 Toriblo. 5 103 8 ... 6h 61*62 (H Henry 12 40
545 Amasa, 5 107 2 ... JH 2>i 4 % 8 2 1. Powell 7 20
(54:,) Aluminum, 5 103 6 ... , 4V4 61 71 7H Bullrnan 6-' ' ' «
' <SCr> Antolnetta, 3 9S ? ... 820 820 •8 15 810 Heinsan 16 30
545 Will Fay, 3 89 10 ... 910 940 940 950 Matthewg .... 40 200
K63 Mike nice, a.. 107 9 ... 10 10 10 10 N. Hill 10 40
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St. Urn.
467 Genua. 4 91 8 ...
664 Monda. 4 97 1
645 Clarando. 4 94 8
r.r.i Katie Gibbons 4 91 5 ...
544 Terrene. 4 98 11
689 Sallle Ooodwin, 6... 95 4
6C3 Pat Murphy, a 102 2
62S Storm King, 6 112 7
E33* Romany, 4 103! 9
671 Gold Baron, 4 93(10
656 Antloch, 4 IOOf 6
n n
2n 2 2
82 8 1
6h 7 2
11 8 U
7 2 C *a
4h 6 1
10 4 it 2
8 h 10 1
6 V 4 4 H
8 1 11
6tr. Fin.
1 n
2 3
3 2
4 3
6 h
6 h
7 2
8 H
9 3
10 2
11
Bettln*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
PhMan 5-2 13-5
Henry 7 10
T. Walsh S 4
J. Martin 8 7
Helnson 20 60
Stuart 8 15
I. Powell 15 30
Morsan 8-5 7-2
Jenkins 8 12
Bassln&er 40 100
Vlttltoe 20 OAQUATICS AT SUTRO'S.
.The usual programme of aquatic sports
¦will be presented to-morrow at Sutro
Baths. The entries follow:
'.Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— P. Lowenthal, R.
Wnlng, F. Ritter. H. Cook. G. Childs, F. Neal.
H. Lelcke. Q. Hchllllnsr. O. Owens. E. Minter,
W..Fleminß. 100-yard race, amateurs— C. Lun
dln. F. Ralston. T. Lahuaen. H. Seebach. J.
L,alrd. J. O'Hrlen, E. Smith. S. Wilson.: H."
Steljes. G. Wallace. J. Wilber. J. Sterns. P.
Sunbergr. C Sullivan. Tub race, 100 yards*— P.
Sunbers, W. McCormlck, E. Stanton, T. Her
man.' K. Beyers. E. Uawllnson. W. Olsen, A.
Baudaln. E. Wells. O. Ehrman. E. Llevoldt.-
HlKh diving for boys— Open to all. Trick and
fancy springboard diviner — G. Charles, L.
Blondln. H. Cordell, A. Davis. W. Douglass.
J. O'Brien, H. Freeman, J. Cathcart. O. Mls
ner, R. Riding. .
FOOTBALL GAME
EAST VS. WEST
EVERY SEASON
PLANS FOR BIG CONTESTS
Faculty Interference in College Ath
letics Not Likely to Result
in Many Changes.
WINTER football on the Pacific
Coast seems an assured sport,
lt has previously been the cus
tom for one or both the college
teams to take trips either north or south
during" the winter vacation, meeting rep
resentative Pacltic Coast elevens, usually
from" the athletic clubs. But this season
a precedent has been established which
will, in all- probability, set a custom for
one big San Francisco game on Christ
mas'day, in which the winner of the In
tercollegiate contest and some famous
Eastern team will figure. The loser will
then "take to the tall timber" and meet
the brawn of the north or south.
California's game with Carlisle proved
conclusively that bringing an Eastern
team out to San Francisco 13 no such
hazardous venture as was- at first sup
posed. The Indians traveled In a special
car, stayed at the Palace Hotel for four
days and- there were twenty men In the
party at that. With all this expense Cal
ifornia came out $luoo ahead of the game.
Then, again, it Is Imagined that the tacul
tles of the Eastern colleges are averse to
such. trips. It was a mere accident that
prevented the University of Chicago
eleven from visiting the coast this win
ter. -Princeton at one time was scheduled
to come and but a single vote in a faculty
meeting- turned the tide and put the ban
upon a continental journey by the Tigers.
• Long before the football season opens
this year plans will be laid by both col
lege managers to secure pledges of games
from some ot the big Eastern elevens.
Now. that- it has been demonstrated that
California can vie with the East on the
gridiron the local men will go Into the
battle with more assurance and less fear
of: defeat. The crowd that was In attend
ance at the Christmas day game will be
enlarged next year, for the reason that
a close contest might well be expected.
As indicated shortly after the intercol
legiate game the faculty athletic commit
tees of the two universities expressed a
desire to take the helm of the athletic
ship and steer lt where they willed. No
imported coaches, a shorter season and
garm-son the college campus was the cry
of the professors.
¦ But there is one man In Berkeley who
Is pretty much the whole thing and that
is- President Wheeler. He has said au
thoritatively that he will not interfere
with the students' affairs, especially In
athletics, so long as there Is no trend
toward professionalism. President Wheel
er, who Is a whole-souled man of the
world, believes the student can work out
his own salvation on the athletic field
and the least interference with his plans
by those In higher authority the purer
and more harmonious will be the result.
There Is not likely to be a change made
this year. Instead of one big game in
San Francisco there will probably be two
each year and coaches will be Imported
just as of old. In fact lt Is agreed upon
by all • the college men that the Eastern
coach Is still essential to Western foot
ball. How long. he will be necessary is
another question, which time alone can
answer. ; . •>¦••-•-¦
The Right Time.
This is the right time. th» right plae». 191 9
Ztnkand's for lunch, dinner and everything
goo 6 to eat and drink. •
Witness Disappears.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. s.— Henry Bram
merman. the only eye-witness to the
shooting of Frank Bowman by "Doc"
Crandall. now on trial for the third time,
has disappeared. The prosecution depend
ed upon his testimony to a large extent.
He Is supposed to be in hiding.
Nobody to Blame.
The Coroner's jury yesterday In the ease
of Edward Walsh, the painter who was
killed last Thursday afternoon by being:
jammed In an elevator In the building at
ZIS Beale street, rendered a verdict of ic
ddental death. Walsh anil his companions
had rigged a ladder across the elevator
shaft and were engaged In palntlns? the
walls, ¦when the elevator descended and
knocked Walsh Into the pit.
llJhu the The NPhblnders
urny me are at lt afraln and
' •'*• i_l« J thls tlme wwor e than
Highbinders ever. Do you know
"; the history of their
\£Mia ia war? WelK they
t^vva iv Bay that the nttle
..... Chinese maid Is at
', iZlll the tottom ot the
difficulty. Read in
f ~~U (*\4U~~ next Sunday's Call
G>CtCn Ulner. &n about It and de-
cide for yourself.
FLY-CASTERS IN SESSION.
The first dinner of the San Francisco
Flycastlntr Club In 13W will be held on tha
9th lnst. The contests for next year will
commence In February at Stow Lake.
Alex Vogelsang, who has lust returned
from Washington, will sneak at the din
ner on the subject. "What McKinley
Thinks of the Flyca?tlng C:ub "
MAY HUNT A COYOTE.
It has been suggested that the master
of the San Mateo Hunt replace for one
day the aniseed bag with a coyote, which
would be a novelty and would surely pro
vide exciting sport. Coyotes can be hnd
from the rabbit catchers In the San Joa
quin Valley for the mere freight charges
The . coyote could be released where
there is the least fencing to mar the sport
and . would provide a fast run and an
exciting kill. A little oil of aniseed ap
plied to his "pads would give the required
scent for the hounds.
YACHS 1 MEN ARE PLANNING.
' On the 10th lnst. a meeting of the mem
bers of San Francisco Yacht Club will be
held, at which a nominating committee
of' three will be appointed. The election
will take place on February 14 at the an
nual meeting. .Dr. T. L. Hill, having
served as commodore for two years, dur
ing which he has done much good work
for the club, will not be v candidate for
renotninatlon. W. N. McCarthy, ex-com
modore and owner of the schooner Ka
mona. Is spoken of as likely to succeed
him He would make an excellent com
modore, as he is a good sailor, an active
yachtsman and the owner of 'a handsome
boat. James Kitterman, owner of "the
fine launch America, is also named for.
the onice of commodore. For^ vice com
modore H. R. Simpkins of the yawl Tra
montana and J. R. Savory of the sloop
Juanita are mentioned. . The former has
belonged to the club for too short a time
to be well known to the members, while
the latter has on several occasions done
good service. E. C. Bartlett will probably
be. the next recording secretary, succeed
ing himself, while W. G. Morrow will be
re-elected financial secretary and R. B.
Hogue treasurer. A new measurer will
probably be chosen, and ex-Vice Commo
doro G. T. S., White, formerly owner of
the sloop Will o' the Wisp, is likely to be
nominated.
The annual dinner of the Corinthian*
at .their Tlburon clubhouse was a most
successful affair. It served well to close
the season of 1599 and open that of 1900.
H. -D. Hawks, the nominee for commo
dore, made a good speech. I To be nom
inated for an cilice in the Corinthian
Yacht Club is almost equivalent to being
elected, for the nominating committee en
deavors to reconcile all parties and to
secure candidates who -will -be accepta
ble to the members. Thus it may be re
garded as certain that the following will
be elected at the annual meeting as offi
cers and directors for the coming year:
H..D. Hawks of the sloop May. commo
dore; K. F. Sagar of the sloop Edna, vice
commodore: Charles L. Barrett, treas
urer; John H. Keefe, port captain; T. L.
Miller of the yawl Guinevere and the
sloop Idler, secretary; W. S. Grover of the
yawl Arcturus and J. V. O'Brien, direc
tors.
The Enclnals seem to have almost given
course Is found to be really practicable
It Is probable that shell rowing will be
come general among the clubs, as smooth
water for regatta days will then be as
sured.
• The Alameda Boat Club, which was or
ganized in February, 1890, will celebrate
its tenth anniversary next month.
OARSMEN AWAIT
THE FIVE-MILE
BARGE CONTEST
SOUTH ENDS. ARE HOPEFUL
Representatives "of Both . Crews
Have Agreed. to Refrain From
Regular. Training.
ON Sunday last the . Foley-Dennis
barge crew of the South End Row-
Ing Club went out for practice, mak
ing a trip to the Dolphin. boathouse
and back. On the way out they made fast
time and feel confident that they .will give
a good account of themselves In the race
against the Alameda seniors. ' It Is under
stood between the challengers and the
acceptors that there shall be.no regular
night practice for the race, but that the
crews shall race without systematic
training. The South Ends will drop out
If they find that the challengers are un
dergoing a course of training. ¦ It is likely
that If both crews are untrained .the South.
Ends can stand the long pull better than
the . Alamedans, for they, are wiry, ath
letic men, whereas two. of the Alameda
crew, while strong men enough, will prob
ably ttnd four and a half miles a hard
strain. The Alameda crew will be made
up as follows: J. Lewis, bow; D.G. Green
leaf, No. 2; W. G. Hansen, No. 3; F. W.
Ayers, stroke; E. Hansen, cockswain.
The crew. is rowing. well. It has been said
that it is. foolish and even dangerous for
men accustomed to mile and a quarter
races to row a flve-mllo content; but any
man In sound condition and accustomed to
rowing ought to Hnd no difficulty In last-
Ing for the distance, though, of cburse,
he -could not keep, up a fa.it stroke. As
both crews will" be untrained they will bo
on equal' terms and the race will probably
resolve Itself into a steady, pull for- the
greater part'of the distance, wlth'a spurt
at the end. ... ...
The newly elected officers 'of the South
End Rowing Club will be initiated at the
meeting next Tuesday.. The handball
tournament at the South End court made
no progress 'last .Sunday, .but a . close
match was played. In which D. Dougherty
and T. I. Fitzpatrlck defeated C. Creigh
ton and B. Clements, 51 to. 4S. .the score
having been 47 all for four Innings .in
succession. To-morrow the, final rounds
will be played between the following
teams: 'Judge Al J. Fritz and-W.-Hum
phrey versus M. J. Breen.and T. I. Fitz
patrick;' C. Crelghton and B. Clements
versus J. O'Deu mid Joseph Walsh. - The
whole tournament will bo concluded in
about two weeks. It has been decided to
give a social entertainment and dance in
the handball c6urt on the night of Feb
ruary 14. . The ¦ arrangements are In the
hands' of a committee. "
Now that the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union has a consider
able sum of money In hand it is likely
that a regatta will be given at.no distant
date. Oakland Creek being named as the
course. The recent dredging operations
have rendered Lake Merrltt available for
rowing races, as It provides a course
three-quarters of a mile: straight away
(or. of one and a half miles with a turn),
the water being four and a half feet deep
and wide enough forfour or five barges
abreast. 'As 'soon 'as the' Lake Merritt
WHEELMEN WILL MEET.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs will be held this evening in tha
rooms of the Cycle Board of Trade room
557 Parrott building. Besides the election
the important question of the surrender
of the control of track racing on the Pa
cific Coast to the National Cycling Asso
ciation will be considered and acted upon.
It is desirable that all delegates should
attend this meeting or send their proxies
to Secretary Scovern to-day.
R. C. Lennle, the popular starter, for
merly of Chicago, then of this city and
now of Los Angeles, is never happy un
less he Is taking an active part in the
cycling game. Besides serving In his old
capacity at the new saucer track in tha
City of Angels. "Bob" has been busying
himself organizing a cycling annex to the-
Los Anireles Athletic Club, which as
sumed shape last week with a charter roll
of seventeen. The following are the offl
cers-elect: President. Robert C. Lennie;
vice president. J. Farmer: secretary. Har
ry Hough- treasurer, Morris M. Cook;
captain R. C. Hamlln: first lieutenant,
Harry ("Trilby") Fowler.
The editor of Los Angeles Wheeling:
does not take kindly to Lennle'a auto
cratic ways in cycling, but It is neverthe
less the fact that if there were more men
of "Bob's" stamp active In the sport cy
cling would never know a dull minute,
particularly in the racing line.
"Trilby" Fowler, the clever local trie*
rider who went south with Lennle and
Osten'dorf. was badly Injured whi!» riding
on the street at Los Angeles Christmas
morning. While gyrating down a street
he was thrown from his wheel, landing on
his head. If he escapes concussion of the
brain it will be a wonder. ;'•
Lace Downing of San Jose, who has de
veloped Into the fastest amateur In tha
State within the past few months, went tr»
Los Angeles with his brother, the crack;
professional, to try his speed against tha
southern cracks. Last Sunday Downing
rode from scratch In a mile handicap In
2:03. breaking the coast record seven sec
onds. In the scratch events Downing In
In a class by himself as against the ridera
south of the Tehachapl.
James Marshall, the well-known Chi
cago wheelman, who has been visiting
relatives In this city for the past fort
night, will leave for his home In the
Windy City to-morrow.
If the weather Is fair the California Cy
cling Club will have a run to the park
to-morrow under Captain Buttgenbach.
The annual election of th? Olympic Club
Wheelmen will be h^lil Tuesday evening,
the 9th lnst The nominating committee
has not yet submitted Its report.
STAKE HORSES NOW RACING ON THE COAST.
Painted by C. Tebbs from Snapshots taken expressly for The- Call.
WHEN Willie Shields purchased Zoroaster for $200 during his travels over the. Canadian circuit last summer he
"secured one of the "pick-ups" of the season. The first time out In his new owner's colors at Fort Erie he won,
galloping, at odds of 30 to 1. Of limited but symmetrical proportions, he is all horse from his racing plates up.
Since his advent on the local track he has placed to' his owner's credit $4250, numbering among other victo
ries the Spring Valley and San Mateo stakes. He is by imp. ! Rayon dOr and out of imp. Astoria. Advance Guard, the
superbly furnished son of Great Tom, is one of the stars of the. string of Carruthers & Shields. On December 23, over
the Oakland track, carrying 93 pounds, he covered a mile In 1:39%,' world's record for a two-year-old. Three days
later the same mark was equaled by the flying filly Flamora. Advance Guard was also winner of the Tanforan stakes,
decided at the Western Turf Association track on December 13 last. • ; ' • .
Topmast is another useful member of the stable of Carruthers. & Shields, having earned winning brackets on nearly
every big track In 'the country. On December 16 he captured the' Holiday handicap over one and a quarter miles at
Tanforan, such good ones as Marcato, Morinel.i Malay, Meadowthorpe, Rosormondo and Forte finishing In the wake. He
Is by imp. Topgallant-Essay. Walter Jennings has been deprived of the use- of his. noted performer Bendoran during the
present season owing to an ailing shoulder. On November 21 last" the big fellow won a sprint at Oakland, since which
time he has been In retirement. The Sir Modred horse is considered one of the best handicap horses In training. He is
out of imp. Oran. .'".': : • .'
cently formed at Santa Ana was held at
the San Joaquin Ranch House, Orange
County, just before Christmas. The fol
lowing officers were elected: James Ir
vine, president; W. H. Burnham of Or
ange, vice president; H. L. Baechtel of
the San Joaquin. secretary, and R. H.
Sanborn of Tustln. treasurer. The direc
tors are James Irvine, R. H. Sanborn, W.
H. Burnham, H. F. Gardner, W. S. Derby,
P. R. Reynolds and D. H. Thomas. The
club has about thirty-five members and
is named the Santiago Golf Club. The
entrance fee is $10 and the dues are 50
cents a month. The course wlll.be on the
mesa near the Orange County Park,
where the ground Is naturally suitable.
The golf tournament on the links. of the
Hotel Green. Pasadena, on December 23
was attended by bo many spectators .that
the work of the players was Bomewhat
Interfered with. Walter Cosby of the Los
Angeles Country Club won the champion
ship easily, C. E. Orr of Pasadena not be
ing in good form. Cosby made the first
nine holes in 41. the second nine in 48, to
tal 89, winning the gold medal' for best
gross score. The first handicap prize was
won by R. J. C. Wood of Los . Angeles,
with a score of 44 for the first rounn and
47 for the second, total 91, less 12—79 net.
B. O. Bruce of Pasadena and A. Perkins
of Washington. D. C. tied for the second
handicap prize, their scores being 102. less
16—86 net. The tie will be played off.
Other competitors were "Kendall of Los
Angeles. 86 -net; G. Thompson of Los An
geles, 88; H. P. Randall of Pasadena. 92;
Hugh May of Los Angeles and J. E. Jar
dine of Pasadena. 93: H. R. Warner, F.
A. Ryder and C. E. Orr of Pasadena, 94;
V. Howard of Los Angeles. 94; C. W.
Winston and Dr. Taylor of Pasadena, 97.
Among the ladles who played at the
Hotel Green tournament Mrs. Hugh Vail
of Los Angclos made the lowest gross
Hcore, 113, winning the gold medal nnd the
honor of having her name inscribed on
the ladles' championship cup. The first
handicap prize went to Mrs. .E. D. Silent
of Los Angeles, with a score of 123, less
24—99 net. Mrs. C. W. Winston of Pasa
dena won the second handicap prize, her
score being 129. less 24—105 net.
The Los Angeles Country Club golfers
held a tournament against "bogey" on
Christmas day. there being twenty-one
competitors, including E. B. Tufts. J. - F.
Sartorl. R. H. Hay-Chapman, Hugh May
and Walter Cosby. Cosby, who received
a handicap of four from Colonel "Bogey."
and R. J. C. Wood and R. H. Hay-Chap
man, who received handicaps of 12,- tied
¦with 5 down. M. S. Severance was 6
down, and the last player was 18 down.
Among the British soldiers wounded at
the battle of Magersfonteln In South
Africa was Lieutenant F. G. Talt of the
Forty-second Highlanders, or "Black
Watch." In 1596 and IS9B Lieutenant Tait.
who always entered from the "Black
Watch." won the amateur golf champion
ship of Great Britain, and in the spring
of this year on the Prestwlck links, ho
lost It after a tie with John Ball Jr., who
was champion in 1888. 1890. 1892, 1594 and
1899. The match was a brilliant one and
was marked by a curious Incident. At the
seventeenth hole both Talt and Ball drove
into a water hazard. The former waded
In and played the floating ball on to the
green, and the latter, standing on the
edge of the water, also played on. to the
green, the hole being halved in four. Dur
ing the open championship week at Sand
wich In June Tait beat Ball for the St.
George challenge vase, one of the most
valuable British trophies for amateurs; at
medal play. In the open ¦ championship
event this year Talt led all the amateurs,
scoring 324 for seventy-two holes. Ball be
ing eleven places b§low him, with a score
of 359. -
GREAT GOLFERS
WILL GATHER ON
OAKLAND LINKS
SIX CHAMPIONS ENTERED
Home-and-Home Match Between
Oakland and San Francisco
Teams Postponed.
KENNEL NOTES.
The secretary of the St. Bernard Club.
Joseph L. Cutten, has lsfeued a ctll for
a regular meeting to take place 01 the
35rh lnst. Thomas H. Browne, the iresl
<3ent. has entirely recovered from his late
Indisposition and will take the chair, at
the meeting. \
Don H. Donnelly of Burlingame has had
the misfortune to lose the prize-wlnniig
collie Floss, which was killed by the trnun
on Monday la*t. Floss was Mr. Donnei
ly'a personal pet and he feels the loss
deeply.
One of the most promising young St.
Bernards ever brought to this coast,
Philip C. Meyers' dog Minstrel Boy. died
<m Tuesday of pleuro-pneumonla. In spite
of the bost effort* of the veterinary sur
geon who attended him. Minstrel Boy, by
Prince Tylira-Prlncess R, was ten months
old and the best Judges of the saintly
breed declare that with time he would
Lave developed into the champion of the:
THE professionals who will certainly
take part In the tournament on the
Oakland links on the 13th inst. are
Horace Rawlins and. Willie Anderson
of Oakland Golf Club; David Stephenson
of San Francisco Golf Club;-T. W. Tetley
of San Rafael Golf Club; James Melville
of Del Monte; Alexander Smith of Coro
nado Golf Club, and John Dunn. The last
named will reach Oakland on the 11th to
secure some practice before the tourna
ment. R. Foulls and Way have cot been
heard from, but William Watson of Pasa
dena writes that his time is so fully occu
pied In giving Instruction that he has de
cided not to enter his name as a competi
tor. Of the players named Alexander
Smith, then or Washington Park, was
second, and Willie Anderson of the same
place was third, for the open champion
ship of the United States in li'JS; H. Kaw
lins won the open championship in 1895
and was second for it in lb%; R. Foulls of
Onwentsia was sixteenth In 1&97. In the
open championship at Baltimore In IK#,
where the Held Is said to have been "by
all odds the best ever gathered together In
this country," Willie Anderson was Ilfth.
Alexander Smith Is a brother of Will
Smith of the Midlothian Country Club of
I Chicago, the present open champion; he
learned golf on the links at Canioustie,
Scotland, and is considered one of the
cleanest of professionals. He is one of the
i longest drivers that ever teed a ball. The
I meeting of these fine players will be in
teresting. The home-and-nome match be
tween teams of the San Francisco and
Oakland Golf clubs will probably be
played on the 27th Inst.
The final round between E. J. McCutch
en and R. H. Gaylord for the Council's
cup will probably be played this alternoon
on the Presidio links, as also will the con
solation handicap, open to all except the
two foregoing. The San Francisco Golf
Club will elect officers for the coming
year to-day. The old board, having don«
Its work and established the club on a
j secure basis, will retire and Intrust the
management to new directors.
There was no regular tournament on the
links of the San Rafael Golf Club on New
Year's day, though several members went
around the course. No schedule of events
will be prepared until the eighteen-hole
course Is ready for play. There will, how
ever, probably be an opening and recep
tion day during February, to which mem
bers of all the clubs near San Francisco
will be Invited. Instructor T. W. Tetley
has been down with la grippe and acute
tonsllltls for more than a week.
The greens committee of the Edison
links, Yacoma, has altered the length of
some of the holes. Improved the teelng
gronds and added fresh hazards. In the
men's foursomes on Christmas day Griggs
and Sternberg, with a score of ifl less 6—
S»2, tied Eberly and Baker, whose score
waa J>B less 6—92. The tie will be played
off later. In the mixed foursomes, over
j llfteen holes, with handicap, Mrs. Potter
| and Mr. Hurley won with a score of 100
less 10— &0, Mrs. Hurley and Mr. Munn
being second with 98 less 7—91. Eight cou
ples entered the event. «
The regular monthly meeting of the Ta
coma Golf Club was held on Christmas
day on the South Tacoma links, which
were In good condition, the grass being
low, and the rains not having rendered
the ground - too soft for fast play. On
New Year's day there were competitions
for the Balfour medal for men and for
the TUllnghast medal for women. The
Balfour medal was presented about three
years ago to the club by Sir Rooert Bal
four.
Twenty-one players handed in score
cards In an eighteen-hole handicap for
men, played on Christmas day on the
Riverside links of the Waverley Golf Club
at Portland, Or. The first prize was won
by T. A. Linthicumrwith a score of 110
less 10—100; R. Macleay, with a gross and
net score of 102, tlelng for second place
with T. Strong, whose score was 108 less
6—102. The second prize was decided by
drawing. The third prize went to a
scratch man. T. A. Huggins, with a gross
and net score of 104. Twelve couples en
tered the men's handicap foursomes, over
eighteen holes, the first prize being won
by Blyth and Huggins, with 94 plus 2—98;
and the second going to Mills andH. C.
Lewis, with 113 less 11—102. Handicaps and
mixed foursomes were also played on
New Year's day.
There was a good attendance at the
links of the Ban Diego Country Club on
Christmas day, about a dozen players
taking part in a sweepstakes tournament,
vhich waa won by Grifflng Bancroft.
\ William Robertson, formerly instructor
ct the San Francisco and the Santa Mon
ica Golf clubs, wag at Covina Christ
iras week laying out a new course on
gnund to the south of the town.
The flrst meeting of the golf club re-
up - ya-ht!ng. Commodore J. •S. Hanley
has sold his schooner Frances, and so will
not be eligible for re-election. The an
chorage oft the Alameda shore Is bad. be
ing shoal and exposed. There Is appar
ently not room for two prosperous yacht
clubs on. that side of the bay. Men who
want to yacht would do well to join the
Callfoxnlas, while those who wish bowls,
billiards, whist and other social diversions
can find them In the Enclnal Club, the
finances of which have always been In a
tatlsfactory condition. The Interest of
the Enclnals In yachting almost wholly
depended on the enthusiasm of Commo
dore Leonard, and when he departed for
Alaska, taking his yacht El Sueno with
him. little more- was done by the mem
bers In that direction. The club will give
a dance on Washington's birthday.
RAIN COMES TO
SPOIL THE SPORT
OF THE GUNMEN
DUCKS AGAIN SCATTERED
The Legal Season for Duck and
Cuail Shooting Is Drawing
Rapidly to a Close.
JUST as the sportsmen were settling
down to the enjoyment of lUgh-clas.-*
shooting the recent threatening
weather broke and a deluge of water
ensued. The club men who were on tho
marshes last Saturday had the best of tho
shooting. On Sunday moderate bags were
the rule, while on Monday the returns
were generally small, the storm having
scattered the birds by that time. The
marshes are completely overflowed now
and the birds scattered over a wide area.
The preserves are one sheet of water, all
marks of ponds being obliterated. Until
the water subsides the returns to the gun
men will be small. During the storm im
mense flocks of sprig were seen wending
their way southward.
Secretary W. E. Robertson of the Marln
County Fish and Game Protective Associ
ation is sending out notices to gun men.
calling their attention to the fact that tho
season for quail shooting closes oa tho
15th inst.
H. L. Miller was "high gun" at tho
Olympic Gun Club preserve during tha
New I' ear's shootlnsr. He secured 20 birds.
\V. D. McArthur and J. Homer Fritch, had
a joint bag of 23. L. H. Harpham killed
IS; H. B. Hosmer. 16; J. J. Wirtner, Wil
liam Bay, R. H. Delafleld, J C. Jenaon.
H. L. Rose and L. Titus. t> each.
The officers of the Olympic Gun Club
are sanguine of being able to concentrata
the trap shooting done in the metropoli
tan district during the forthcoming season
at their grounds. The idea is pronounced
an excellent one by the gun men. It will
centralize the sport, meaning large field:*
and more valuable prizes. This will help
the clubs, as the shooters will all bo
brought together. It will also mean
greater rivalry and better shooting. There
is but little money invested In other
grounds, so that to abandon them will nuC
entail a loss.
President John Lemmer of the Black
Jack Club enjoyed the cream of the shoot
ing over the club's Sherman Island pre
serve on Saturday. The heavy wind pre
ceding the storm which broke on Monday,
had the effect of sending down a greac
flight of ducks. Mr. Lemmer baersed rifty
slx fine canvasbacks during the day and
retired satisfied. Newton Hickman, Bert
Patrick. Fred Johnson and Billy Swain
did their shooting on Monday and had to
be content with a total bag of thirty
eight birds. There will be no shooting on
the preserve this week, as the island ta
completely overflowed. Bert Patrick will
try the sport on Richardson Bay to-day
in a launch with Charles Arnold of Sac
ramento. The bay ts fairly alive with
canvasbacks; but they are not ttt to eat.
They live on fish and the fishy taste de
stroys the flavor of the meat.
The sport at ML Eden and along the
shores of the bay was excellent. At Mt.
Eden the Hightmeyer brothers and a
guest secured a total bag of ninety ducks.
These included canvasbacks, spoonbills
and bluebills.
McDonald brothers, shooting at the
same place, secured 100 birds between
At the preserve of the Pastime Club
a total of 200 birds fell to six guns during
a shoot extending over two days.
L. R. Larzalere and J. H. Burfeind had
the Spoony Club preserve near Alvar
ado to themselves and enjoyed good sport.
At Willow Lodge Dr. Lane. W. K. Shaw
and a third party secured ninety _ birds.
Dan Ross. Plummer and McPnllllps had
a good shoot at Newark, securing nearly
100 duck* of various varieties.
Big bags have been secured at Jersey,
nenr Antloch. on the overflowed land?.
One sportsman secured ninety-six "cans'
in the cmarse of a day's shooting.
Hart Williams and Dr. Marsh shot over
the Cordelia Gun Club's preserve The
former killed forty ducks, of which si x
t*>pn were "cans, while his companion
killed seventy-six, of which thirty-ona
were the muchly sought "cans. /
Otto Feudner. Achille Roos and A. M.
Shields, shot over the Pringle Club ponds
and i s7cur»d 170 ducks, the majority being
" LJovd Eaton and Charley Dtetz had poor
luck last Sunday, the best- bird they bag
ireri being a goose.
WE Murdock killed fifteen "cans" at
Reclamation last Saturday.
United States. Mr. Meyers' loss Is prac
tically Irreparable, but he has already
commenced negotiations with Mrs. Lee of
Toledo, with a view to procuring a suc
cessor to Minstrel Boy.
Mr. Muenter of Lathrop has sent his
St. Bernard, Queen of the San Joaquin,
to Oakland to be bred to Mr. White's
California Eboraeum.
H. H. Carlton has arranged with
George Bell of Toronto for the acquisition
of a Boston terrier puppy. Joseph L.
Cutten of the St. Bernard Club Is also
bringing out the same breed, as Is like
wise J. P. Norman of the Pacific Mastiff
Club.
The Pacific Coast special committee of
the American Kennel Club will hold a
special meeting next week, at which the
McCarthy appeal will be flnally decided.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
JOHN GRACE CUP
WILL DRAW THE
FLEETEST DOGS
A RICH CCURSING STAKE
One of the Classic Events of the
Cashman's Year Will Be Run
Late in February.
THE annual John Grace Cup stake,
¦with its first prize of JTSO, J4OO for
the runner-up and others In propor
tion, Js the one theme of conversa
tion among owners and trainers of grey
hounds. It will be run on the 24th and
.sth ct February at Union Coursing Park.
The fleetest dogs In the country are be
ing wound up gradually against the day
they will be Bent to the slips in this elas
tic stake. Curtis & Sons will start Luxor,
Beacon. Cavalier. McKinley-ln fact, all
their formidable string which has been
rur.r^r.g so consistently for months past.
Frank McComb will give his great black
dcg. Royal Flush, a special "prep" for
the event. Hugh Lynch will have, his
consistent little performer. Lottie M. fit
I? r . un . for h " life if the hands of "Johnny
-Uaher have not lost their cunning In the
conditioning of animals Intended for com
petition.
Gui Abercromble will put his fortunes
to the test with Rock Island King and
Hock Island Boy. "Joe" Holton. the ro
tund manager of Pasha Kennels, won the
cup last ytar with For Freedom, and will
leave nothing undone with his candidates
this year to make them run in winning
" or p- H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad
and Crawford Braes will be among the
starters and Fhould prove worthy repre
eentatlvcs of their owner. J. O'Shea will
probably Ftart Young America and
n£S n ' ?!?"* 2>, J - Cron 'n w»» have Wild
Tralee. Thornhill and Rose of Tralee. D
Healey Is expected to send something
g-ooa from Petaluma and may start Sis
3 U^£ lf ,\ hat crack youngster rounds into
I?!™"*! liarr y Fleming is devoting much
attention to Sterl & Knowles' For Glory,
¦which will probably be their best repre
sentative.
The stakes of the next few weeks will
be watched closely by the bettors for
l^Kely candidates for the classic stake.
The majority will be started for the prac
the field. Overture, the Irish dog which
defeated For Freedom In their puppy
days, must also be reckoned on if he be
comes acclimated.
J. or . the . Belle Brandon Cup stake,
which will be competed for at the same
time, there will also be sharp competl
ii Pur-Pies whelped In 1553 are eligi
ble. This will bring out a lot of sensa
tional young performers. ITp to the pres
ent time M. O. Delano seems to have the
£-^f J 'if* i". h ? nces wlth the saplings with
which he divided the stake at Union Park
recently. Pasha Kennels has some For
Freedom-Sly Girl Jr. youngsters which
are promising. Aeneid kennels has some
/:\f-v f^ re J r -" Bed of Stone puppies which
Mike Nealon thinks should do well. W.
£-. Thompson, Frank Schou and Al Aus
tin <arh have a puppy by Master Glen
klrk-High Born Lady which are eligible.
The most promising of the litter Is said
to be Lady Glenkirk.
William Barry's Bella Mac will take a
&1& 1 of beaUng, as will Sterl & Knowles'
Biue Mist, a half-sister to Sleety Mist.
11. t. Anderson's Crawford Lass is" highly
praised by coursing men. while D. J Hea-
Jey of Pt-taluma is sure to have some
thing good in reserve. J. M. Carroll's Co
lumbia by Royal Crest-Clifton Lass, dis
tinguished herself recently and must be
reckoned with.
Union Park has a high class open stake
as Its offering to the coursing men this
week. Out of the ninety-six entries there
ar«- many star performers. The dogs were
closely matched in the drawing and from
nr.st to last pood eport should result
thaTpromi^s^wen" 5 "» h^^
t£?'u£S? I***} iL 1 ? 0 ,. 1""'*1 ""'* seen Overture,
thf Irish dog which arrived here some
days sincr are unanimous in their praise
of him He sa red dog and resembles
Pasha Keaaels Firm Friend in Hire and
conformation, although he Is said to be
built on more speedy lines. At present
he wtjghs sixty-four pounds, but when
trained this will be reduced to sixty-one
pounds. It will require the test of'com
pttiticn to prove the p:ac* he will occupy
.n coursing annals in this city, but ill
who ba.ve.seen him agree that he has
l>ef n a decided acquisition to the cour«!ng
M^SC cr »f.- llel Ie WIU bo Gained by Mr
McCarthy, his first notable cn K aftement
being In the John Grace Cup stake
Pa^ha Kennels' stake winner Metallic
whelped a litter of six pupplea to Em«n
Pacha on the 2d lnst. Five of them h?ve
the strong black color, with white legs and
nose which the sire transmits to so much
of his progeny. The youngsters were
whelped at an opportune time, as they will
b« eligible for next year's Belle BranJon
Etake and also for the rich Futurity -stake
From the regularity with which the do c
representing the kennel of Curtis & Son
are »Ir.nlng stakes it can safely be stat-d
they are the befit on the field at the
PteMnt time. Down In the Santa Clara
A alley they have thirty puppies which will
soon be ready for the slipper's hands. Mr
Curtis is particularly sweet on five pup
pies by Skyrocket-Vanity Fair. The.v?
are thirteen months old* and give sreat
premie of belne sensational performer*.
Ous Abprcrombie'a Irma and R. E de
B. Lop«z's Quiver have been bred to N
P. \Vhit:np's Rochester
£N £ Healey's Procrastination has
whelped a Utter of five puppies to Aer.»ld
Kennels Pretender. Lady Thorndyke the
da v. m , °1 M l Ida and Kienzl. has also
whelped to 1-rrtender. .
J. O'She<i h.,s had a notable addition to
his kennels, fc jsie having whelped to H
T // j An<3er6on ' s imported dog Crawford
Julius Horn has agreed to exchange a
For Freedom-Bona puppy for one of the
Emm PaFha-Metalllc youngsters. It will
require the t^st of competition to develop
who has» made the better bargain.
J. P. Thrift has been unfortunate In
losing all the puppies In the Forget-St
Mary litter. He has mated Grasshopper
with H. F. Andersons great dog Craw
ford Lad. This is considered a splendid
blending of Mood llnc-p and should result
in a litter of winners.
E. M. KeHogg's lowa Girl has whelped
f!x puppies to A. F. Anderson's Crawford
Lad. They weie unfortunate In being
whelped on December 30. which bars them
from the Belle Jirandon cup stake pnd
elso from the Futurity In ISOI. Crawfc-1
Lad Is by Fnulkrnr. which stands as the
best bred dog In England. The Lad. with
Crawford Braes, Ere his only descendants
here.
Mr. Kollogg's Kid McCoy has had a long
let -up and has filled nut wonderfully. He
1« ag.'iln in training, and when properly
wound up Is expected to run better than
<*ver.
J. H. BurfHnd will start his Royal
Prize-Kitty Cretan s?pling for the fitst
tlmo noxt month at Union Park. He has
named it Ready Money.
W. E. Thompson's Hijrh Born Lady in
In wh'lp to Sylvanus. This will be her
third litt»r of puppies within a year.
Only throe of the promising Firm
Friond-Bona litter have survived the rav
ages of disease. J. H. Rossi'^r !s the own
«r of these and prizes them highly owing
to. their blood lines. They all resemble
th'-ir sire.
J. Collins" Matchless died f-om the ef
fects of cold contracted on the field during
the recnt heavy rain.
Cllfette has whelped a fine litter of pup
pies to Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend.
5
SPORTSPersosally Conducted Excursions
In lmprr»ed wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars Tla Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursirfl conductors accompany these excur-
sions U »ook after the welfare of passengers.
To Cr«caKO and| Kansas City every Bunday
Wedn.-sUay and Fri.lay. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St Louis
ever/ Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Fruay. Ticket office. 623 Market street
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MARDI GR AS— Subscriber. City. The
answer in regard to Mardi Gras appeared
in The Call of December 29, page 13, with
a column more of Answers to Correspond
ents.
THE NEW* POSTOFFICE— I* D., City.
It is estimated that the new Postofllce In
San Francisco will cost between J1.000,
000 and J1.500,000, exclusive of th© fur
nishing.
DRUMMER— D., City. There is a law
in California requiring drummers to pay
a license, but it is not enforced, as thero
have been a number of decisions against
the law.
METROPOLE— Market Street, City.
Metropole is the same as metropolis. It
is from the Greek and means "a parent
State, a chief city"— from meter a mother
and polls a clty : _
LOOTING CHURCHES — Subscriber,
Oakland, Cal. What was said on the sub-
Ject of looting churches in the Philippines
appeared in The Call, November 22, and
subsequent numbers. Tho files will give
all the details.
ARTHRITES— N. N., Kenwood, Cal.
This department .does not undertake to
practice medicine, and for that reason
cannot give "the best known remedy for
arthritic troubles, which thereafter be
come chronic." You should consult a
physician.
PRESIDENTS POWER— Market street.
Ctly. It is not within the power of the
President of the United States to pardon
an individual convicted In a State court
of the crime of murder. Ills power in that
line applies only to offenders under the
Federal laws.
FOREST GUARDS— II. A. 8.. Oakland.
Cal. If by "forest guards" you mean
those employed at the experimental sta
tion, you should write for the informa
tion desired to that station— Berkeley
Cal. If you mean "State" guards, there
are no such officers now.
KRAG-JORGENSON AND MAUSER-
The Krag-Jorgenson rifle is not "abso
lutely correct" in shooting. Whether it
will vary from a true line to the extent
of an Inch or so depends on the condi
tion of the rifle and distance. It Is said
that the Mauser Is a more correct rifle.
PENUCHL.E— A. !>., and B. M.. City. In
the game of penuchle if two are playing
and one gets the two "forty" of trump he
cannot meld them, but he must take a
trick and meld each time.
Two kings and two queens of trump if
laid down at the same time, do not count
more than eighty^
REVOLUTIONARY WAR— J. W. W.,
City. During the Revolutionary Wai-
France for a time delayed the recogni
tion of the Americans, but important pri
vate aid was given in money and supplies
Subsequently France recognized Ameri
can Independence and sent over a large
fleet and supplies of clothing, arms and
munitions of wai\
VETERANS-R. A.. City. Veterans and
others who have taken an examination
before the civil service board of the
United Stated and are placed on the list
of ellgibles do not remain on the list un
til appointed, but have to go through eer
tain procedure to be placed on the list
anew. Those veterans who have been re
Instated have obtained their places air tin
to right a wrong which had been dene
them by dismissfng them from the ser
vice.
SOUTHERN CONGRESSMEN— T. N
F., City. The representatives from* Ar
kansas to the present Congress are- p
D. McCullough John S. Little, Thomas G
Mcßea W. £ Terry, H. A. DinsmoTe and
S. Brundldge Jr.
Those from Tennessee are* W P
Bronlow, H. R. Gibson. John A. Moon'
C. E^ Snodgrass J D. Richardson. Jrhn
W. Galnes. N. N. Cox. T. W. Sims Bin,
A. Pierce and E. W. Carmack The h"
named represents Shelby County, in which
the city of Memphis is located He is
a resident of Memphis. •
PROGRESSIVE EUCHRE— 11. p.. New
castle, Cal. In the game* of progressive
euchre the head table governs all others
The head table takes its time and play*
for five points. As soon as those at tie
head table finish a bell Is rung. All oth-'r
players play as fast as possible and we
partners who have made the most poltts
by the- time the bell rings at the hrad
AN ORGAN OUT OF GEAR.
I ; ROM the Evening Post, the organ which the
j railroad company has placed at the di«po«al of
Burns, the surprising statement was put forth
yesterday: "Whatever conclusion Governor Gage
may reach in the matter of the extra session, no time
should be lost by the authorities of this city in calling
his attention to the fact that if it is contemplated it is
important that repealing the tax on municipal bonds
should becoaie a part of its object."
If the Post had given any intelligent attention to
the course of legislation last winter it would have
knbwn that the Legislature has achieved all it can
toward bringing about the repeal of the tax. The
Post, however, was so busily engaged during the ses
sion in urging the candidacy of Burns for the United
States Senate that it neglected to pay attention to
anything that was done except in the Senatorial con
test. It can find a good deal of information valuable
to itself, therefore, if it will consult the records and
learn what was done.
Chapter XXXIII, page 500, of Statutes and
Amendments to the Codes. 1899, is as follows: "Re
solved by the Senate (the Assembly concurring),
That the Legislature of the State of California, at its
regular session, commencing on the second day of
January, 1899, two-thirds of all members elected to
each House concurring, hereby proposes that article
XIII of the constitution of said State be. amended
by adding thereto a new section, number one and
three-fourths, which shall read as follows: Section
1 $i — All bonds hereafter issued by the State of Cali
fornia or by any county, city and county, municipal
corporation or district (including school, reclamation
or irrrgation districts) within said State shall be free
End Exempt from taxation."
The resolution Was adopted March 17, 1899. It is
numbered Senate constitutional amendment No. 14,
and will be submitted to the people for adoption at
the election next November.
It will be seen that the Legislature has nothing
•whatever to do with the matter, and that in urging
an extra session to repeal the tax the Post exposes
rot only the eagerness of the Burns and railroad
combination to bring about extra session, but its
own ignorance of the law of the State and the current
issues before the people.
The Burns forces are, in fact, grasping at straws
and at shadows. Anything that shows an outward
feemihg of an excuse for calling an extra session is
eagerly seized and used for more than it is worth.
This late attempt to deceive the public into the belief
that an extra session will be required to repeal the
foolish tax on local bonds is but one of the many
codges and subterfuges resorted to by the combine.
The Post should post itself and not permit its edi
torial columns to be monkeyed with in such a crude
way.
ANOTHER ISLAND FOR US.
OUT in the Far East, among the Asiatic islands
that lie remote beyond the melancholy main,
the expansion of our colonial empire goes on
apace. Dispatches just received at Washington from
Cavite announce that on December 21 the commander
of the gunboat Albany hoisted our flag on the island
of Sibulu. The dispatch, adds: "The chief Dato
provided and raised the pole. The natives and North
Borneo authorities are pleased."
The reports from Washington add to the dispatch
the information that the island lies at the southwest
ern angle of the boundary line of the quadrangle in
closing the Philippine group. It is probably, but not
positively, outside the line, and lies very near the
cotst of Borneo, commanding the principal channel,
but is not one of the islands of the Philippines. The
Sultan of Jolo, whose group is close to this island, is
believed to claim jurisdiction over it,' and -as his
authority is recognized by the native tribes on the
north coast of Borneo and vicinity, it is believed that
his claim is well founded. It was probably at his in
stance the naval officer commanding the gunboat
moved.
The suggested probability that we have taken the
island at the request of the Sultan of Jolo is. not
wholly pleasing. The Sultan is our good friend, and
we are of course willing to do almost anything for
him within the limits of reason. We give him the
protection of our fleets, pay him a liberal subsidy
so that he may maintain his harem well stocked and
well dressed without taxing his slaves too much, and
provide him with a large amount of free advertising.
We can hardly be expected, however, to give him an
island every time he wishes one, for though islands in
those seas are plentiful, it costs something to send a
gunboat out to pick them up.
Under the circumstances it is gratifying that the
chief of the captured island^is willing to come in un
der the flag, and was even kind enough to furnish and
raise the pole on which the flag was hoisted. He may
have been influenced by reports of the kind treatment
we have accorded the. Sultan, and, at the time
he raised the pole, raised also a hope that he in his
turn would get a pension, but that does not alter the
fact that his action relieves us from the charge of
conquesting his country. He has come willingly;un
der .the sway of our sovereignty and that of our great
and good friend the Sultan. If after this he take to
wayward courses and chop down the pole we may
with justice shoot him on the spot.
The most pleasing feature of the whole report,
however, is the announcement that the natives and
North Borneo authorities are content with our ac
tion. It would have been a sad beginning of the cen
tury for us had we offended the dignitaries of those
parts and had an embassy from Borneo hastening to
Washington to protest in the name of their idol gods
against the aggressions of Christianity. We suffered
enough from the wild man from Borneo when we
heard him only through the medium of a music-hall
song, and saw him only in the safe confinement of a
sideshow. What, then, might have been our well
nigh intolerable woe had we been compelled to hear
him chant his own song in all the freedom due to a
distinguished Embassador who comes to plead for
liberty and a pension, or statehood and an appropria
tion?
Weighing the evil with the good, and taking the
thing as a whole, even as we have taken the people
along with the land, we may be sufficiently satisfied
with the affair to thank the Sultan for his kindness
in giving us the island. It is an opening for one or
two new office-seekers, and may prove profitable to
some deserving man who will leave his country for.
his country's good. It is to be hoped, however, that
our enterprising officials in the East will not be too
prompt in taking islands at the Sultan's suggestion.
The genial old slave-holding polygamist may take
a notion some day that it would be a good thing to
annex and bring under our flag every island where
slavery and polygamy prevail, and that would be too
much for our good.
A CHANGE OF HEART.
BRIGADIER GENERALjOTIS of the Los
Angeles Times has broken out with a perfect
eczema of sympathy for Great Britain and her
attempt to destroy the two South African republics.
He denounces American sympathy with the Boers
as demagogy, and has discovered that nothing is bet
ter for mankind than "the protection and prestige" of
Great Britain. He denounces Kruger as a drspot, an
oligarch, an absolutist, a' promoter of real ruin and
anarchy, a Dutch autocrat, and his American sympa
thizers as "yawpers who would better cease their
yawpings." General Otis even permits his paper, like
Silas Wegg, to drop into poetry and apostrophize
"Old Eneland" in such rhymes as this:
"The well beloved of the sea.—
The birthplace— home of liberty—
The hope of ages yet to be—
Old England stands.
The mighty mother of the free—
The land of lands.
"Her peerlesc glory ne'er cap fade-
No, not until this globe decayed—
Unoceaned and unarrayed —
Of pulsing air.
A drear, dead world of shade —
No life shall boar."
From which we infer that if the Boers whip the Eng
lish the whole blooming thing will be at once un
oceaned and unarrayed, and even Southern California
will be a drear-dead world of shade. The brigadier
further refers to England as omnipotent, "holding"
the constellations high," and in wisdom knocking the
spots off Solomon, Solon, Lycurgus and Demos
thenes, leaving no great man standing unexcelled ex
cept the brigadier himself, spared probably to tell
about it
I\ot only this, but the general declares that Rome's
valor prevails in England's sons, arifl —
"Her daughters fair
No breath attainful e'er assails.
Sweet, past compare."
Tut, tut. general, and at your age and girth, too!
Only a few years ago, before he crossed the Rubi
con, General Otis had quite a different opinion of
England. He was one of the concocters of the cele
brated "Murchison letter" written to the British
Minister at Washington, asking his advice how to
vote in the Presidential election of ISBB. The British
Minister was fool enough to answer the decoy letter
and was sent howling home by Mr. Bayard for in
terfering in American politics.
At that time General Otis insisted that this incident
proved that we were about to be subjected again to
British tyranny and that Englishmen were being
naturalized here solely for the purpose of voting us
back to slavery under the lion and the unicorn.
In fine, he then accused England of just the same
intentions toward us as she is now attempting to en
force upon the South African republics.
What has caused this change of heart in the grim
and bloody warrior of the citrus belt?
Los» or hair, which often mam the prettiest
face prevented by Parker-, Hair BalsaW
Htndercorns. the best cure for corns, i; c t*.
rhe Fastest Train Across the Contl-
The California Limited. Fanta Fe Route Con
nectlnc train leaves S p. m.. Monday Wednon
day. Friday and Saturday. Finest equipr^j
train and be.t track of any line to th« East
Ticket office. CS Market street. *
Emperor William seems to be one of those fortu
nate men who have wit even in their anger. As an
instance in point, it is interesting to note, even at this
early date, that his wrath over the seizure of the
Bundesrath is being turned to account to popularize
his demand for a greater German navy.
Before the Democrats get through investigating
Secretary Gage they will find themselves in another
hole they cannot get out of before election.
>o well regulated household should b» with-
o\< a bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters
tve celebrated appetizer. -
The invasion of Porto Rico by our troops was
nobly done, but the free trade invasion of our markets
by Porto Rican products will doubtless show us that
sometimes there is such a thing as getting more than
is wanted.
THE WEST INDIAN PROBLEM.
DENMARK has long desired to sell her island
possessions in the West Indies, and since the
success of Spain in selling the Carolines to
Germany for a good round sum the desire has become
keener than ever. It is said efforts are now being
made by her statesmen to dispose of St. Thomas to
the United States or to Germany, # and by the jinco
press the argument is made that we must buy them or
the Kaiser will, and we shall then have the aggres
sive German empire strongly fortified within easy
reach of our shores.
It is evident that we have in this condition of af
fairs another problem. Porto Rico is ours, and a
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Tho Londor. poor suffer terribly from
overcrowdinsr. According to the Sanltarv
Record. 15.1$ persons lived in 1057 tene-
ments with one room In the parish of St
ilary'a. Ne^lngton: 40.154 persons In 7670
two-roomeJ tenements and 13.743 Deraona
in 1752 thr;e-roomed tenements.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses md public men by. the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A member of Congress has always a right to try to
make a name for himself, and in this Congress none
have a better right than those who have registered on
the roll* as Marcus Alonzo Hanna, Phanor Breazeale,
Shadrach Knox, Roderick Dhu Sutherland, Hernando
de Soto Money. Maecenas Bcnton, Romeo Hoyt
Freer, Thctu? Wilbrette Sims, Adin Capron and De
Aha Alexander.
¦
Senator Mason's motion to change the rules of the
Senate so as to enable a majority to shut off debate
at any time by a call for the previous question, is not
likely to be adopted, but the Senator can do some ser
vice to the country by living up to the intent of his
motion and not talking too much himself.
The Boston Globe in taunting scorn says the cor
respoudent of one of its contemporaries didn't know
how to fpell Chaubunagungamaug. His dispatch
says that the boy was drowned "in the big lake near
the mimni"cr station."
.
Police Judge Smith of Oakland must be excused
for any unpleasant dreams he has had as a conse
quence of that little supper with the "bone" shooters.
Lobster might explain them.
It is a pity we have no Chief of Pojice in office to
arrest the scandal over the selection of one.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per IT> at Townsend's.*
Townsend's moved to 735 Market street.
Will remove Feb. 1 sack to Palace Hotel.*
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rev. I. Thomas is registered at the Oc
cidental from Omaha.
T. J. McCarthy, the Los Angeles archi
tect, is a guest at the Palace.
G. C. Freman, the well known frultman,
of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
L. A. Gorff has come up from Los An
geles and is staying at the Palace.
G. F. Meacham, a well known business
man of Spokane, Is a guest at the Palace.
O. McHenry, a wealthy land owner of
Modesto, Is registered for a short stay
at the Palace.
William Junker, manager of the Hotel
del Monte, Js among the recent arrivals
at the Palace.
W. E. de Yoe, one of the leading mer
chants of Modesto, is at the Lick while
on a short visit to this city.
James P. Smith, the Santa Cruz capital
ist, is at the Palace on his way home af
ter an extended visit to Paris.
Rev. and Mrs. Daniel Mackinnon have
come down from their home in Stockton
and are staying at the Occidental.
Professor and Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler came over from Berkeley last
evening and registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Barber, two promi
nent society people of Stockton, are
among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander T. Vogelsang
have returned from their trip to the East
and are once more domiciled at the Cali
fornia. V -V
A. Eckman of Orovllle, who is one of
the appointees on the Paris Commission
In connection with the mining exhibit, is
a guest at the Grand, where he arrved
yesterday.
E. M. Elkers and J. .L. Harris, two
prominent business men of Chicago, were
thrown from a buggy while driving from
Los Angeles to Pomona, Mr. Elkers- re-
ffinok Professor H. B.
m* vvl * I,athrop, professor
. of English Ldtera-
ReVIQVJS turc at Inland Stan-
ford Jr. University,
" fii is the able critic In
*V charge of the Sun-
' . day Call's book re-
Jli6t"lt. views. Many letters
of a congratulatory
nature have been received from leading
educators and literary people throughout
the State In connection with this page of
tho Sunday supplement. The public ap-
preciate excellent articles upon the lead-
ing literature of the day and especially
from the pen of so competent a critic as
Professor Lathrop.
BANK CIRCULATION.
THE report of the Government finances shows
an increase in the issue of national bank notes
amounting to more than two millions last
month.
During that month there were two acute periods of
panic in the money market. The withdrawal of money
from the centers caused by the usual autumn move
ment of the crops had pinched the speculative oper
ators. Money was hard to get to put up on margins.
The speculative stocks were being crowded on the
market, and sound non-speculative securities were
shrinking also. There has been no better opportunity
for many years for the banks to act the vampire and
suck the blood of the people by contracting the cur
rency to reduce prices and then take their pick of the
good things going in the market at a price far below
their real value. The sordid and selfish purpose
ascribed to them by the Chronicle could easily have
added half a billion to their wealth. The mere out
flow of money from the center to the circumference of
the country's commerce, the direction and not the
volume of the stream being changed, caused condi
tions which produced' in one day a shrinkage of one
hundred millions in the market value of property
represented by stocks. That is just the sort of emer
gency of which the sinister and selfish banking sys
tem is supposed to take advantage. According to the
Chronicle's idea the banks should have immediately
refused to pay out their own notes on checks and to
avoid doing so should have even destroyed them. In'
this. way the downward plunge of prices could have
been accelerated and the banks would have fattened
on the general ruin. Xo doubt the Chronicle itself is
surprised that they did not do it. Instead the national
banks increased their emission of currency, and the
banks in the Clearing-house Association in New York
in two days released and threw into circulation
twenty millions of dollars. This access to the volume
of currency brought money on call down from a
panic premium of 140 per cent to 5 per cent. It ar
rested the fall in prices. It brought sound investment
stocks, like sugar, gas and railroads, back to value
par. In other words, ot did everything to the market
which the Chronicle insists the banks don't want.
But the banks did it. Nothing else could have done
it. Even the United States treasury cannot undertake
such a task with safety to its own solvency and to the
public credit. From the standpoint of its own im
peachment of the banks we cannot conceive what
answer the Chronicle can make to this object lesson.
The action of the banks in increasing the volume .of
currency to prevent further fall in prices and stop a
panic that had gained dangerous headway proves The
Call's contention that banks prosper in the solvency
and prosperity of the community, and not in its
bankruptcy, ruin and distress. Therefore their policy
is always to maintain prices if they influence them at
all, and to protect their debtors rather than betray
them.
THE CALL HEADS THEM ALL
Concord Sun.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call was a grand achievement. It
was a Journalistic triumph and a credit
not only to the publishers but to the State
of California as well. The Call has stead
ily forged ahead and Its position to-day 13
second to none of the great dallies.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— George W. Leo
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington. Mrs. and Miss Kapp of Oak
land are visiting friends in Washington.
Numerous dwellers "south of the slot" profess to
believe that Jack Casserly of the Burlingame Club,
one of the members of the new Board of Education,
purposes to make polo and lawn tennis part of the
public school curriculum. Aw, stop youah chahffing,
don'tcherno!
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— J. D. Warrack of
San Francisco Is at the Herald Square;
E. S. Hawley of Alvarado Is at the Ever
ett.
The newly issued proclamation of President Steyn
of the Orange Free State, giving notice that every
white man, irrespective of nationality, is to be con
sidered a burgher liable to service against the British,
gives the lie to reports recently sent out that the Free
Staters are deserting the Boers.
celved a fractured arm and Mr. Harris
was severely bruised and cut about the
face. They are both doing well and will
soon be about.
Harry McKenna, the racing plunger. Is
at the Palace, where he registered last
night from New York. Mr. McKenna
backed Tod Sloan's mounts In EnglaryJ,
the diversion costing him many thousands
of dollars. The racing fraternity expect
to see "something doing" when he opens
up at the local tracks.
table (said table having Just made its. five
points) are the winners and moves upward
to the next table above. The head table
can play as many games as are agreed
upon by the host; usually the number 13
ten.
THALlA— Market Street. City. TnalU
Is from the Greek and means "I flourish
or bloom." In ancient mythology it 13
the name given to the muse who pre
sides over pastoral and comic poetry. In
astronomy it Is one of the asteroids.
DIVORCE AND SUMMONS— G. VT. B-,
City. In the State of California a party
who seeks a divorce must have resided
therein one year before an action Can be
commenced. If It is Impossible to maka
service personally on a defendant, then
there must be a publication in a. news
paper to be designated as most likely to
give notice to the person to be served and
for such a time as the court maty deem
reasonable, but not less that onca a week
for four successive weeks.
PIUTE— J. R. E.. City. Plute Is a native
name, and is made up of Pal or PI. which
means water, and Ute. Indian, henco
Water Indian. The name strictly belongs
to a small tribe of North American In
dians on Corn Creek, In Utah. It \9 gen
erally given to a number of Shoshpnean
tribes, eight of which are m Southeastern
Nevada, iour. Including the Chem*huyJ, in
Northern and Western Arizona, and nine
teen in Southeastern California, from
Owens Valley along the Sierras to the
south of Tulare Lake and east of the
Coast Range.
AT BAT— B. 8.. City. "A. B." In base
ball, stands for "at bat." The reason one
player Is credited .with being at bat a
greater number of times than another U
because the batter Is not ' charged with
being at bat if given his base on balls
or is hit by the pitcher, as he haa been
deprived of a proper opportunity of In
creasing his batting average. The bat
ting average is governed by the number
of hits made with times at bat, and it
would be manifestly unfair to charge him
with a "time at bat" when he had no op
portunity to strike at a fair ball.
HASTINGS COLLEGE OF LATV-C. R.,
City. Applicants for admission Into the
Hastings College of Law must be at least
IS years old Bnd must apply not later than
thirty days after the beginning of the col
lege year. The applicant must deposit a
certificate of good moral character and
must pass an examination In certain pre
scribed studies. No person is admitted
who is not a graduate of the University
of California or some institution of learn
ing of nearly equal rank and has a di
ploma of equal or nearly equal rank there
from for some course of study of which
Latin and mathematics are component
parts. For additional information apply
to Leonard Stone, registrar of the col
lege, in the Parrott building.
QUARTZ CLAIMS— M. J. 8., City.
Therjß Is a ruling In regard to locations as
follows: "There Is no provision of law to
prevent parties from locating other
claims upon the same lode outside, of the
first location made on the lode or vein.
If a lode or veto 3000 feet long is discov
ered, two locations may bo made, each
1500 feet thereon."
In regard to work and expenditure dur
ing a year there is a decision as follows:
"Where a mining claim was located Oc
tober 1, 1579. and the amount of expendi
ture and labor was made after location
and prior to January 1. ISSO, such expend
iture is not a compliance with the law;
It must be during the calendar year ISSO.
except so much as may bo required under
the local law."
AX ALIEN'S DECLARATION— T. C.
City. An alien who comes to the United
States and declares his intention to be
come a citizen thereof does not generally
acquire any rights of citizenship thereby
nor does he lose any rights as a citizen
of the country from which he came. Ho
might make his declaration one day and
the next day receive a message which
would determine him to return to his for
mer homeland never return to the United
States. An alien does not acquire any
rights as a citizen of the United States
until he becomes one, except ia some
States he may upon his declaration to be
come a citizen vote: In such -a case, he
having exercised one of the rights of an
American citizen, it Is a question whether
that would be sufficient to deprive him of
his rights as a citizen of the country he
came from.
SONS OF REVOLUTION
MAY HAVE A WARM TIME
JOHN R. ROBINSON SEEKING
VINDICATION.
He Invited the National Congress of
the Sons to Come Here and the
Invitation Was Repu
diated.
There may be a stormy meeting of the
California Society of the Sons" of the
American Revolution next Tuesday even-
Ing. The trouble will arise over the action
of John li. Robinson, who when he was
East last year Invited the National Con
gress of the Sons of the American Revo
lution, then in session at Detroit, to hold
their next annual session in this city. Mr.
Robinson was the delegate sent East by
the California society. He says that he
expressly said before he went East that
he would Invite the National Congress to
come here in 1900. Having extended the in
vitation, he issued a circular, dated at
Charlestown, Mass., announcing that an
excursion to California would take place
upon the occasion of the meeting of the
National Congress In this city under the
auspices of the California society and the
National Congress. This circular was sent
out broadcast and copies were received by
the members of the California society.
.Then there began a spicy correspond
ence'that has led up to the expectation
that the annual meeting of the California
society will be a very lively affair. Hor
ace Davis, president of the California so
ciety, wrote to Mr. Robinson that the
board of managers had read his circular
announcing a California excursion with
amazement, and also that, obeying the
Instructions of the board of managers of
the California society, he had written to
the board of general managers disavow
ing all connection with and all responsi
bility for.Mr. Robinson's circular. To this
Mr. Robinson replied that he was even
more amazed than Mr. Davis had been,
because he had read the letter written by
Mr. Davis to the National. Congress, in
which had occurred the words: "We are
hoping that some day the National Con
gress of the Sons may meet in San Fran
cisco."
Edwin Bonnell, secretary of the Cali
fornia society, wrote to Mr. Robinson as
follows: " "I beg to Inform you that at
the last meeting of the board of managers
of the California Society of the American
Revolution a resolution was adopted dis
avowing and repudiating your action in
extending an invitation to the national
society to hold its annual meeting in San
Francisco next year, "and also discounten
ancing all arrangements for an excursion
on your part to that end. The national
board of managers have been notified."
A few days ago Mr. Robinson returned
from the East. He at once had a circular
letter prepared, in which all the corre
spondence was published. Copies of this
he has sent to all the members of the
California society. When the society
comes together next Tuesday night for an
annual election he will probably bring the
matter up for a hearing.
"ENGLAND IS CATCHING ITS BREATH."— London Cable.
—New York "World.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
strong movement is going on to annex Cuba. We
are therefore fairly involved with the West Indies as
a whole,' and must determine what course we arc
to pursue in regard to them. It is not likely that any
considerable number of American psople would like
to see St. Thomas pass from the hands of a weak to
that of a strong European power, and yet grave rea
sons exist why we should not purchase them our
selves.
It is as sure as anything in the future can be that if
we once acquire large possessions in the West Indies
there will arise a demand first for free trade between
the islands and our home markets, and next for ad
mission to the Union. The powerful commercial in
terests that will grow up between us and the island
ers will demand the first, and the politicians will advo
cate the second. Thus the possession of these tropic
islands will bring to us the double danger of an in
dustrial competition which will injure many of our
rural industries, and, second, a political problem
which will complicate every election.
It has been suggested that if we give the Cubans
training in self-government for twenty years they
would then be fitted to manage not only their own
affairs but that of the. other islands alsoi so that a
well ordered West Indian republic would be possible.
That is the most iridescent vision that, ever delighted
the mind of a dreaming statesman. In the first place
a people can never be instructed in self-government.
The more we compel them t6 submit to our instruc
tion the less fitted they will be for independence, for
no people ever learn the lesson of. liberty from the
rule of foreigners. The only thing taught by such
rule is servitude or rebellion. In the second place, if
we ever'fit the Cubans for self-government according
to our ideas they will have become so firmly attached
to the United States they will not be willingly cast
out of our rich markets to share the fate of Hayti
and Sari Domingo.
The issue is one upon which we ought soon to
make up our minds. In many respects it is more im
portant than that of the Philippines, for those
islands are far away and it is not likely that stats
hood will ever be demanded for them, but the West
Indies are close to our shores, and when once the
process of annexation begins it will be hard to draw
a line that will keep them as possessions without'ad
mitting them as parts of the Union.
SATURDAY JANUARY 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. i_EAKE. Manager.
l'l lILICATIO.V OFFICE. . .Slnrket and Third. S. F.
Telephone Mnln XHQS.
CDITORIAL. BOOMS 117 to Ml. Strrrmon St.
Telephone Main IST4.
Delivered br Carrier*. IS Cent* Per IVeelc.
Mnsr>«" Coplesi. B Cent*.
Term* l>v Mail. Including Pnatairet
nun CALL, rinclndtnir *nmbT), one rear. .frt.Ort
11 * lI. V CALL. (Inrltullnar Sandar), O months. . 3.00
DAILY CAIX (lnclndtna Sunday). 3 months.. 1.50
DAILY CALL By Single Month 05c
»I.\IHV CALL One Year.' 1.00
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All poitmaitcri are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies tt ill be (ornarded nlirn requested
OAIiL \\D OFFICB. . Ji 008 Ilroadwar
C GEORGE KROGMSSS,
ilanac«r Foreign Advertising;. Marqaette Dnlld
- Ing-, Clilongo,
SEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C CAB.LTOIV... Herald Sanare
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
I'EUnV LIKE>S JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO AISWS STANDS i
fhermam Ilooiei P. O. >>wi Co.i Great Jforth
tra Hoteli Frentont Uontei Andltortnm Hotel.
XEW YORK SEWS STA.\DSi
Waldorf- Astoria Hoteki A. Hrentn.no, 81 Union
EQnarri Murray Hill Hotel.
WASDINGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
DIIAXCn OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, cor
ner Clay.- open on til B>3O o'clock. 300 Hayes
street, open until O:3O o'clock. G39 McAllister
street, open until OtSO o'clock. 015 Larkln
street, open until !>l3O o'clock. 1011 Mlanlon
street, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.
IOIMJ Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street, open until 9 o'clock.
AAV*, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheutn — Va uderllle.
Colurr.bla— ¦"The Christian."
California— "With Flylns Colourm."
Tlvoll— "Little 80-Peep."
Grand Oj>era-house— "Slnbad."
Alfca.rr.bra— "Fir.r.lgan's Bail."
Alcazar— "Cfc'.ir.mle Fadden."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rveair*.
O!yxr.pia. corner M«on and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Paaoraisa liattle of Macila, Bay, Market street, near
Elffhth.
W«>stFrn Turf A^noclatlon races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Br Eastern. niSrldg-e & Co.— Tuesday, January 9, at 32
o'clock. R«*a! I>tate. at £3S Market Btr»*t.
nent.
6¦k*^Gs3?3*iiJ«»* IT B ' z Ols • non-poiKTceoß
w*v€3sC<*"**<!Jfc3j-B remedy for Gonorrho^
%Ci»3S'cCIIEi»HRa r.lwst, 3p«rmatorrhceZ
#****f In Ito 14*rf. Vk* Whitsj, unnatural !:_¦*
Bij£M Ocir»ai«o>i H rhars«», or any lnflamm*.
K*mjf not lo Mrtetora. tioa. Irritation or uicer»«
f» —wjlon. tioa of m noons mem*
gyXVHSEyAH3 CHEM'Cit Co. branea. Noo-iutrtnsent.
«ga4ci!amTi.o.RS3l ** I- b ' *>***xi*u,
vKwV V.T. JL J^±i° r ient ln P**'n wrapper,
THE ARRIVAL OF
THE NEW YEAR
Will find ns turning out better laundry
work, than ever before, and that means
that we are doing the finest work in
this line that has ever been achieved by
any laundry in San Francisco. Begin
the new year right by sending your
work to the United States Laundry.
United States Laundry. Orflo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
PROGRESSIVE SUNSET.
Chairman Ewald Offers Suggestions
for Permanent Improvements
South of the Park.
The property owners represented by the
improvement club of the Sunset District
are determined to take passage in the van
of progress in so far as their section of
the city is concerned. At a meeting of the
club last night, with President Charles W.
Pope in the chair, Edward Ewald, chair
man of the executive committee, embodied
in his report the following suggestions:
While your committee Is doing Its utmost to
prevent the drifting sand from destroying
Nineteenth-avenue boulevard by planting burr^i
grass as far west In some places as IuOO fCt
from Nineteenth avenue, we hope that *j fit
plan will b« formulated to reclaim all the u'W*
Inhabitable sand dunes south of Golden Gate
Park and west of Nineteenth avenue, which
will make this property one of the most sought
for residence portions In Ban Francisco on ac
count of its proximity to Golden Gate
Park, beautiful marine view and acknowledged
bealthfulness.
The present waste of drifting 1 sand which Is
ever moving east and a menace to the clean
liness of this city can b« made the finest resi
dence district of this city and county at a com
paratively small cost. No epidemic of disease
will ever live In this section of the city, called
Sunset District, on account of the pure air
and salt-laden breezes from the Pacific Ocean.
The transformation of this desert of drift
ing sand Into the most sought after residence
sites In San Francisco must be done by the
combined effort of all the property owners.
For owners of lots or blocks within the area
south of Golden Gate Park and west of Nine
teenth avenue In Sunset district to (Trade or
Improve the same In Its present condition
would be an act of Insanity and a waste of
money.
This whole area must be planted with bunch
crass during one rainy season to make the
ean<s stationary, that permanent rrades may be
established, that owners of lots or blocks there
in may crade and Improve their property and
rrade and pave the streets fronting the same
with safety.
The report was unanimously adopted,
and it was also resolved that only prop
erty owners or their representatives
should be eligible to membership In this
organization.
The president. Charles W. Pope, stated
that he would give any person a building
lot on Nineteenth avenue who would build
a J2500 house.
He was ordered to advertise in The Call
for bids for planting grass.
On motion of Edward Ewald, a vote of
thanks was extended to The Call for the
interest it has taken in the progress of
the Sunset District.
mg and almost
died. The doctor even gave me up and
wonders how I ever lived.
*' I wrote for Mrs. Pinkham's advice
at Lynn. Mass., and took her medicine
and began to get well. I took several
bottles of the Compound and used the
Sanative Wash, and can truly Bay that
I am cured. You would hardly know
me, I am feeling and looking so welL
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound made me what I am." — Miw.
J. F. Stretch, 4SI Mechajtio St.,
Caxhes, N. J.
Bow Mrs. Brown Wm He] pod.
"I must tell you that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
more for me than any doctor.
** I wae troubled with irregular
menstruation. Last summer I began
the use of your Vegetable} Compound,
and after taking two bottles, I have
been rcgnlar every month Bince." I
recommend your medicine to aIL" —
Mbs. Maggik A- Beowx, West Pt.
Pijeasant, N. J.
PERIODS OF ere f ffectedand
* •••"**•*•* *•"• had leucorrhaca.
SUFFERING I had my children
GIVE PLACE Tei r fast and il
TO PERIODS m*™™'?™*-
OF OO V taken with flood-
STOCK-TAKING SALE!
Our lar.ee stock of highest grade Fur
Novflties, Sncluiins:...jp|TT| II i
must; be reduced rllK fl A 1 J
within 30 days.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable C,,««Jo« c
Manufacturing rtllTierS,
121 Post Street, Roonu 7 to 11.
Remodeling and repairing at popular prices
AMTJSTii'M BN'I'S.
THE people of San Pablo can con
nect no one of the name of Mary
Brown with the young woman
burglar arrested In this city a few
days a«ro and have concluded that
In her dazed condition ebe mispronounced
her name. The police are not certain
whether *h« rave the name of Brown or
Bowen.
There will be no trial of "Mary Brcrwn*
for the alleged crime, if W. S. Zeilin, who
la eald to be her guardian, can prevent it.
Mr. Zeilin declares the young woman Is
Innocent and has offered to make good
th« amount of money of which Drummer
Duncan says he was robbed early yester
day morning at the Burlington HoteL
The disclosures of yesterday add to the
depth of the mystery surrounding the
case, and It is now said that the young
woman arrested for burglar}' was at
tacked by a fit of dizziness, to which she
Is subject, and that while in a dated state
of mind the was drugged and decoyed into
the Burlington, where Duncan says she
stole his money and attempted to take
his $S!W diamond ring out of his room after
pulling It off his finger while ho was
asleep.
Mary points in Duncan"s story are not
clear to the police. He told the officers
that he heard a disturbance in his room,
which he lxafl only rented for the night,
iutfaough he is staying in town, and that
be saw the young woman about to pass
out. He Jumped up aiid grabbed her and
forced her to return a diamond ring
v.nich be says she had taken trora him.
Duncan al*<j claims that he was robbed
of money, but although the woman was
turned over at once to Officers O'Keete
laid Ward not a dollar was fuursd upon
her. nor had she any opportunity to make
hw&y with It. Duncan has not explained
why his door was left open or why he was
sleeping there on that particular night
when he had quarters elsewhere.
The etory told by W. S. Zeilin to Judge
Conlan when the ralr alleged burglar was
fcxroigrned reads like romance.
"The young lady is so w t-;i supplied with
money by her wealthy relatives that she
certainly would not steal, and as to her
committing a burglary It is preposterous,"
eald M-. Zeilin. 'I have known the young
lady for some years and am her guardian.
She is subject to fainting spells and she
carried In her satchel some medicine
¦which ehe had to take regularly to pre
vent these tits, which were caused by
acute neuralgia in the head. Before leav
ing my office on Wednesday afternoon I
cautioned her to be careful about the
raedlci&e aad reminded her that while an
attack of unconsciousness might not be
caj.geroua in the quiet of her San Pablo
iiom». !t would be very dangerous on the
crowded streets of the city with its many
street cars and vehicles.
"When I left here I made an appoint
ment to meet her at 7 o'clock, and after
dinner we were to go to the theater. She
did not keep the appointment and I was
at a lofs to understand where she could
have guna I made all possible inquiry
and not till Thursday morning did I learn
that she was in the City Prison booked
for burglary. I was astonished and at
once prepared to put up the necessary
bond. The young woman is very well con
nected, SloA the story told the officers by
the hotel clerk that she was a frequent
visitor to the Burlington Is absolutely
false. I know that ehe has never been
there, and when the clerk was questioned
he could not tell how she got In the hotel,
when Ehe got In, whether she went alone
or with a lady or gentleman friend. She
must certainly have been drugged and
taken there, not knowing where she was
going, or else she was found by some
MERCHANTS IN
CHINATOWN at
WAR MUST STOP
Very Plain Talk to the
Highbinders.
:,~i -. ¦ ¦¦ ¦-.¦-/¦
DANGEROUS MAN CAPTURED
CLEVER BX7SE PRACTICED BY A
• FAID ASSASSIN.
The Chinese Merchants' Association at
723 Commercial street has declared
against the continuance of the highbinder
war which has been In progress for the
past three weeks In this city. Their edict
was Issued at a meeting last night, which
was attended by the leaders of the war
ring tongs, and Is direct and to the point.
It declares for the immediate cessation of
hostilities and threatens serious Inter
ference on the part of the Merchants'
Association if the mandate- is disregarded.
The action taken' by the association is
because of the injurious effects the trouble
has had upon the Chinese trade in this
city.
The trouble between the Hop Sing tong
and the Suey Sing tong started in the in
terior of the State and eventually drifted
to this city. Already several murders
have been committed and more have been
planned. The condition in Chinatown at
the present time is such that members of
the various tongs are afraid to venture on
the highways at night without a body
guard, lest they should be made the tar
get for a highbinder bullet. Large prcea
have been placed on the heads or certain
Chinamen and the fact that they have not
yet been killed is simply because the as
sassins have not found an opportunity to
earn their reward owing to extra police
precautions which have been taken.
The Merchants' Association has a stand
ing reward for the apprehension of crim
inals, in an effort to suppress crime. The
state of affairs is such at present that
they feel the inefficiency of rewards and
they have Issued a strong warning to the
parties at war.
One of the highbinders captured on
Thursday night Is supposed to be a hired
assassin who is wanted for several mur
ders throughout California. ' His name, as
given at the police station, is Hong Fook,
and he halls from Chico. He has beon
posing In the llerht <~t a peacemaker and
recently accompanied the police officers,
pointing out the Suey Sing warriors,
claiming that he was the Interpreter for
the Hop Sing tong. He had three men
arrested last week on the complaint that
they were implicated in the murder of
Horn Teong, and on the strength of his
statements the men were placed In the
tanks. On Thursday morning he informed
the officers that he would depart for Chico
to be gone for a week, but instead of
going he disguised himself and, securing a
large gun, promenaded the streets of
Chinatown that evening in search of a
victim. When he was taken by- the police
a number of Chinamen identified him as
a well-known slayer. A thorough inves
tigation will be made of his case by the
police.
The excitement had not subsided la«t
night, and while the police captured no
htfrhblnders with guns, still. Sergeant of
Police Anderson received information that
a highbinder had been seen on the street
with one in his possession.
: NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAXU V AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD <&
CO. European plan. Room*. Wo to $150 day;
U> to JS week: $3 to J2O month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; (Ire gratea ln rverr
room; elevator runs all niche
New Morgue Officials.
Dr. Cole, who was recently elected Cor
oner, has selected the deputies and at
taches who will assist him in his duties,
with the exception of a messenger. All
the deputies who served under Coroner
Hill will pass out of office except P. J.
McCormack, who has been chosen to suc
ceed himself as chief deputy under the
new Coroner. Dr. T. B. W. Leland of the
Forty-fifth District will be autopsy phy
sician, and Emll Pohli of the Forty-flrct
District will be stenographer.- P. H.
FJynn of the Thirty-fourth and M. J.
f* S. STROZYNSKI CO.,
}*£^h\ (Established 1872)
$r\ 24 GEARY STREET,
LEADING LADIES' PRIZE HAIR DRESSERS,
w^/^- WIG AND TOUP£E MAK£RS -
X^Cvl) ~V?L> We have the best cc l vi PP ed establish-
wS^VjA/^ ment on *h e coast « We receive novelties
\\ >^vl°W£L re gularly every season, having agencies
xYv/ in New York and Paris. Our imported
patent for shampooing and dyeing is per-
fect and gives great comfort.
We have a system for restoring gray and bleached hair to Its natural
colors only known to us. There Is no failure. ': ,"
Our face cosmetics are standard goods. Our Wigs and Toupees are a
perfect fit and cannot be detected.
If you wish honest advice consult us. You know you can trust us. ,
Our halrdressing cannot be excelled. .' ¦
L. E.McCLOSKEY. B. J. RYBICKI.
Imprisonment for Life.
The Jury in the cast of Wong Gee Toy.
charged with murder for the killing of
Wong Kirn Gee, the trial of which case
was held in Judge Lawlor"s court, brought
in a verdict at 12:30 o'clock this morning
of murder in the first degree, fixing the
penalty at life imprisonment. The Jury
had been out since last Thursday after
noon.
¦ AMUSEMENTS.
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:15,
LAST RECITAL.
SHEBMAN, CLAY & CO.'S DALL.
VLADIMIR DB
y
The World's Greatest Chopin Interpreter.
Eeats $2 00. $1 50 and U 00, on sale at Sherman.
Clay& Co.'«.
COMPLETE CHOPIN PROGRAMMES.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
TO-DAY.... CHILDREN'S DAY!
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 2:30 P. K. .
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE.
The Smallest Actor on Earth,
ELLA HURT Coasting the Chutes,
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT— SPECIAL!
Several of the fiercest and live-
liest rounds of the Corbett-Fitz-
simmons and JEFFRIES-FITZ-
SIMMONS fights, including the
knockouts.
. Balloon Ascension Sunday by Markeberg.
Rhone for Beats— Park 23.
Good meat is elastic to the touch. If
wet and flabby It should be discarded.
Mormonism.
This Is a question that should interest every
one. It Is a blot upon our fair land— a symp
tom of tovernmental 111-health. The rleht
laws would act as speedily upon It as Hostet
ter*s Stomach Bitters does upon constipation,
or dyspepsia. They would quickly clear It out
and restore healthy purity; and this Is Just
what the Bitters does for the human constitu
tion. It makes the stomach strong by curing
Indigestion, biliousness and liver trouble.
Forgot Himself.
Employer— You say that your habits are
all correct?
Applicant— Yes, sir.
Employer (after a moment's pause)— Do
you drink?
Applicant (absent-mindedly)— Thanks !
Don't care if I do.— Ohio State Journal.
Technical Society Meets.
The Technical Society of the Pacific
Coast met last night in the California
Academy of Sciences building and nomi
nated the following officers: George W
Percy, president; .Louis Falkenau, vice
president: Otto Van Gelden. secretary, B.
T. Schild, treasurer. Directors— T. W
Brooks, H. Barth, A. E. Chodke, S. C
Irving and E. P. Haas. An interesting
letter on "The Philippines in General" was
read by P. E. Lamar, late private in the
First Engineer Corps at Manila.
Mademoiselle ° A Story That
tfeVada, 'o Unites and
o
Ifevada City, o Tells of All
+State o Three, in
of ffevada. o Sunday's Call.
MATINEB TO-DAY. SAT. JAN. «.
Parquet. 23c, any teat; Balcony, 19c; Children,
10c, any part.
A NEW YEAR'S VACDEVTLLH FEAST.
EVERY ACT X HIT.
BILLY RICE and H. W. FRILLMAN: THB
ROSINOS: DOROTHY DREW; DOUGLAS
AND FORD;
FOUGERE
THORNE AND CARLETON: LA SYLPHE;
THE AVERTS; AMERICAN BIOGr.APH.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
EVERY NIGHT. EXCEPT SUNDAY.
3D AND LAST \A/HEK
BEGINS MONDAY.
Ltebler and Company Present
HAXJj CAINE'S Powerful Play. THB
The Greatest Theatrical Offering of tbe Season.
Jan. 15— JAMES-KIDDER-HANFORD COM-
BINATION ln "THE WINTER'S TALE."
Labor Unions at Outs.
-There is not peace and harmony exist
ing between the Ship and Steamboat'Joln
ers' Protective associations and the house
carpenters. The cause that has led to
this unpleasantness dates back to the
time when there was a demand for ship
Joiners to work on the Government ves
sels. At that time the house carpenters
were sought to work on the vessels. Since
then work has become somewhat dull at
the water front and the services of the
carpenters are not required, yet they in
sist upon applying for work on the ships,
much to the displeasure of the Joiners.
Complaint has been made to unions 453
and 22 of the carpenters to call off some
of their men from the ships.
For some reason those unions have
acted dllatorfly In the matter and as a
consequence the grievance was taken Into
the Labor Council for adjustment. This
body referred the whole matter to Its ex
ecutive committee with full power to act.
At the meeting of the council last night
It was decided to submit the matter au
thoritatively to the linlons mentioned for
definite action before the council locks
horns with the so-called offenders. A
similar action was taken with reference
to some offending members of the 'mu
sicians' union.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[LZ7TT* TO MM. PXVXZIAK SO. 78^65]
M I was a sufferer from female weak-
ness. Every month regularly as the
menses came, I suffered dreadful pains
in uterus, ovaries
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
MATTNEB -:- TO-DAT -:- AND -:- SUNDAT.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Of th» Only Fu&xaaker la Town.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
Standing Room at All Performance*.
BECTURD SEATS EARLY IN ADVANCTI
MATINEE PRICES 15c, 23c ISA
NIGHT PRICES 60e. ZSo, 13c, U*
Next Week— "Mysterwas Mr. Bogle."
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATERS*-
....IT IS E«S'V....
TO ENJOY A GOOD PERFORMANCE PRO-
VIDING YOU KNOW WHERE TO GO.
COME AND SEE
...THE FRAWLEY COMPANY...
In Their Magnificent Production of
WITH FLYING COLORS.
ONLY MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
Performance To-night and To-morrow (Sun-
day) Night.
Commencing TUESDAY NIGHT, Jan. »,
The Eeautlful Comedy of Manners.
"THE PRINCESS AND THE BUTTERFLY."
Debut of Miss Mary Scott (Mrs. Neville Castle).
SEATS NOW ON SALE
FOR THE GREAT PRIMA DONNA.
EMMA NEVADA
Monday evening. Jan. 8. Wednesday matinee,
January 10. .
Y. M. C. A. DINNER.
Gymnasium Fellows of the San Pran-
Cisco Association Enjoy a Spread.
The first annual dinner of the Gymna
sium Fellows of the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association was given
last night In Banquet Hall in the associa
tion building, corner of Mason and Ellis
streets. The hall was well filled, covers
being laid for 150 members and guests, and
a general good time was enjoyed by all.
Fred L. Shaw, Albert W. Small, Herbert
S. Morton, Arthur K. Volgt, Prank Elliott
Francis M. Goodrich and Harry M. Burke
constituted the committee of arrange
ments, and Constant J. Auger acted as
toastmaster.
Following were the toasts responded to:
"The Occasion," William Wither; "Our
Gymnasium," G. A. Mattern; "Our
Friends, the Enemy," Herbert 8. Morton;
" Wh . e i re Are We At? " *>ank R. Margetts;
"Making Things Possible," Thomas Croth
ers; "The Benedicts," Frank S. Oliver
"The Would-be Benedicts," I. Clarke
Crook; "A New Year's Thought," Henry
J. McCoy; "A Complete Man," A. P.
Black.
A committee of young ladles from the
Auxiliary Association acted as waitresses
and graced the occasion by their presence
and Miss Marian Hill rendered a vocal se
lection.
The affair was an unqualified success,
and will no doubt become an annual occa
sion.
OFFICIAL BONDS.
New Commissioners File Them With
the Mayor.
Several of the newly appointed Com
missioners filed their official bonds Thurs
day with the Mayor's secretary, who,
after recording them, turned them over
to the Auditor, who will keep them in his
custody after they have been recorded in
the Recorder's office. •
Following Is the list so far accepted of
the amounts of bonds and sureties: Oliver
Everett, Election Commissioner, $10,000,
Pacific Surety Company; Sheldon G. Kel
logg, Election Commissioner, $10,000,
United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company; A. W. Voorsanger, Election
Commissioner, $10,000, United States
Fidelity and Guaranty Company; C. W.
Mark, School Director, $5000, Pacific
Suiety Company; Marsden Manson, Com
missioner Publlo Works, $25,000, United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company;
George H. Mendel, Commissioner Public
Works, $25,000, United States Fidelity and
Guaranty Company; Jeremiah Deasy,
Election Commissioner, $10,000, United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company;
William J. Biggy, Police Commissioner,
$5000, Claus Spreckels, John D. Spreckels;
George A. Newhall, Police Commissioner,
$5000, M. Mayo Newhall, G. Palache; Wil
liam Thomas, Police Commissioner, $5000,
Gustav Nlebaum, Leon Sloss; William T.
McNutt, Police Commissioner, $5000, Pa
cific Surety Company.
MONTGOMERY GODLEY
SUMMONED BY DEATH
mOXTGOMERT GODLEY. for
many years cashier of the
Parrott estate, died at his
home. ISIS Sacramento street,
yesterday morning, after a brief 111
nffs.
Montgomery Godley arrived In Call- /%gsi ' ' v ? '-s^^f^
fornla In ISSI. coming by way of the /,;^' : »_^ % ,'-
Isthmus of Panama, In company with , ' <»- ,V» „ — ~^, 1
Dr. 1,. C. Lane, and immediately after ,«..-«'' /
his arrival associated himself with the yj - , _*;*"' t ' ' {
New York and South Ajnerlcan firm of t $\fy&\K\
Alsop & Co.. acting as cashier until [ ' ' V'|/f - ;i
IK6. when h» entered the employ of |- 2^V:&"." \
the banking firm of Parrott & Co. In **f§| VA "
the capacity of bullion clerk. When, Vf*z^^j^L r%£&^
in ISTO, the firm reUred from the bank- \^^^®^U!^^J^^^^^^/
!r.g business. Mr. Godley was retained
by the firm and promoted to the posl- :^^^^^-W^W
tion of cashier of the entire interests
of Parrott & Co., a position he has \y%?" Wom§m. *%%<?
held until the time of his death. At \l\ -''?_ M®
the death of the founder of tha pres- >^t^ " ?£f
er.t Immense Parrott estate Mr. God- ' L^^
ley was made n devisee under the
terms of the. will In recognition of past MONTGOMERY GODLKY.
services and a* a token of esteem.
Last Monday night deceased was attacked with a violent hemorrhage of
the etomach and lapsed Into unconsciousness, from which he never recovered.
Mr. Godley was a Mason of high standing and has held some Important
offices In that order. He was born In Philadelphia seventy-one years ago,
and leaves & widow, three sons and a daughter to mourn his loss.
of the criminal class. Bhe is not smart
enough to be a thief or to put up a clever
Job. She gives evidence of her refinement
and education, and after hearing Mr. Zeil
in'* story I made the bail as low as possi
ble. I talked with the girl and she said
she has no knowledge of how she got Into
the Burlington.
"When ene went out early in the even-
Ing. Mr. Zeilin tells me, she had a hand
satchel and valuable umbrella, as well as
$50 In coin. On the satchel was a silver
tag with her name and these must have
bf>en stolen from her, for they have not
been found in the Burlington, and if they
could be located they would throw some
light on what Is now very mysterious.
There Is nothing about the girl to Buggest
that she is a criminal, certainly she is not
a burglar. It will be useless for anybody
to try to square the case out of court, for
I shall permit no such thing. It will come
up for trial next Tuesday morning."
Martin Quinlan, the attorney engaged
by Mr. Zeilin to defend the young woman,
says she has no explanation to give be
cause ehe can remember but little of the
eventful night. "She told me that ehe
must have been overtaken In a fit or have
been drugged early in the evening, said
h*>r attorney, "for otherwise she would
certainiy have kept her appointment with
her guardian. After that she must have
been taken to the Burlington, but she has
no recollection of going to Duncan s room
or of handling his diamond ring. She aid
not regain her 6enses till next morning at
the City Prison, and then she at once sent
for Mr. Zeilin. She Is as Innocent as a
baby, and I do not think she will ever be
tried, for Duncan certainly can have no
hope of making out a case. His conduct
is almost as mysterious as that of the
young woman."
large doses of the stuff and while walking
along Kearny street last night was seized
with severe pains and fell to the sidewalk.
He was taken to the California-street
police station and later to the Harbor
Hospital, where, for a time Dr. Dorr, who
treated him. despaired of his life. Late
last night he was pronounced out of
danger.
rascal while suffering from a fit and
taken to the Burlington. •
"If she had stolen $53 from the man Dun
can it must have been found on her. She
certainly could not have swallowed it If
she ever touched Duncan's diamond, it
was done while she was not in a state of
mind to know what she was doing. I am
quite willing to pay Duncan all he says he
was robbed of, and more if necessary, to
end those proceedings. The young woman
Is an earnest church member, and there is
not a criminal desire In her nature."
Judge Conlan was present when Zetlln
offered to pay Duncan the money he said
he had lost, but he advised against any
such .proceeding.
"This case must now be tried," said
Judge Conlan. "I will permit .no compro
mise. Mr. Zeilin says the girl Is Innocent
and he will have ample opportunity to
prove It. The case Is one of the most mys
terious that ever came before me. One
glance at the girl shows that she is not
BROMIDE COMPOUND
NEARLY KILLED HIM
Substance That Cost Millionaire
Smith His Life Hakes Trouble
for Benjamin Holmes.
A peculiar case was taken from the cor
ner of Washington and Kearny streets
last night about 9 o'clock to the Harbor
Hospital. The case was that of Benjamin
Holmes, a laborer of the Spring Valley
Water Company, and was similar In char
acter to that of D. B. Smith, a Honolulu
millionaire, who died at the Occidental
Hotel last month.
According to Holmes' story, he came
from Sunol on Thursday night and drank
considerably. Yesterday morning he went
to a drugstore and purchased a bromide
compound for a severe headache. He took
Police Judge Conlan Says She Must
Stand Trial,
W. S. Zeilin, fler Guardian, Declares That "Mary
Brown" "Had a Fit" and Is Entirely
Innocent of Any Crime.
RAIN EVERYWHERE.
Beports From All the Coast Tell of
Heavy Downpours.
Th« entire coast seems to be participat
ing In the drenching that Is being received
at San'Franclsco. From all over the State
come reports of a heavy rainfall and the
Sacramento River Is still up at the dan
ger mark, the last bulletin giving Its
height at 24.5 feet, with an upward ten
dency. .
Taking the different sections of Califor
nia, the average rainfall Is as follows for
the localities of the places mentioned:
Red Bluff.- .04; San Francisco, .02; San
Luis Oblspo, .06; and Los Angeles, .0L
From Northern California, Washington
and Oregon come reports of storms of
wind ana -rain. Storm signals are being
displayed all tlong the coast from Neah
Bay. to Port Harford and, as the bad
weather In the north seems to be travel-
Ing slowly to the south, the people of this
section of the coast may expect another
drenching before they have done with tho
weather clerk.
GIRL BURGLAR HAS NOT
YET BEEN IDENTIFIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY* JANUARY 6 j I9OCK
Brown of the Twenty-eighth will follow
George Lacombe and John Gately as dep
uties. The positions of porter and matron
will have to be recreated by the Board of
Supervisors, as no provision Is made for
them under the new charter.
Suffering With Rheumatism Exhausts
Nerve and Strength
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
CURBS
H. R. Perry, Sr., Freestone, CaL, writes:
4 i have been troubled with rheumatism for over twenty years and had
tried the most skillful physicians in our State without any relief when I began
taking Paine's Celery Compound. Before 1 had used half a bottle I was
relieved. It cured my rheumatism permanently, and I believe it will cure any
case of rheumatism."
Jb/ ~tt A 1,1. »*•»•»«# Ditttutt— F&illnc Mem.
&2 2SI or *¦ Sleeplessness, etc., cansed by OTer-
wjf ,X| work and Indiscretions. They quickly
\ *^S» antl *u.rclif restore Lost Vitality la old
I V or young, and fit a man for study, bosi-
nmn or pleasare. Prevent Insanity aai
W VS*±*Ss3&» Consumption it takaa in time. Their
obo shows immediate improvement and effect a CORE
trhere al I others fni I. Insist upon having the genain*
AJuc Tablets. They have cured thousands and will
cure too. We give a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect a curs in each casa or refund the money. Prio*
fill nf c P° r package, or six packages [full tr«at-
vU lilOi ment) for 83.60 by mail, ln plats wrapper,
npon receipt of pricn. Circufarafree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 7 ?:s£gW"
For sale tn S. F. by Lelpnlts & Co.. No Per-
centage Drug Co., Owl Drug Co.. 6. F., Oakl'd.
Al TP nnifll Corner Fourth and
CKEBOyiLs^^
V l l l L. lIU 111U tc Overcoat* aad
Valises checked U-.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE" MAIN 633.
PLATING TO CAPACITT.
MATINEE TO-D/W.
A FITTINO HOLIDAT ENTERTAINMENT
FOR LADIES AND CHILDREN.
AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
....SINBAD....
EVERYTHING UP TO DATE-
NEW SONGS. NEW JOKES. NEW SPECIAL-
TIES.
SAN JOSE NIGHT. SATURDAY ETVXNINC»
NEXT.
APPROPRIATE SONGS AND WITTICISMS.
PRICES 25c. SOc. 75c
GALLERIES 10c and 15c
SATURDAY MATINEE 25c and 50c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
THE PEOPLE" S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
Kdd/ tad Joaes BU. rHONfi. BOOTH 770.
A VERT JOYOUS EVENT.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT-Last Time.
THE ORIGINALS.
MURRAY AND MACK,
In Their Hilarious Farce,
FINNIGAN'S BALL!
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening — 15c, 25c. 35c. SOc and 73c.
Matinee — 15c. 23c. 33c and 60c.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON— THE
RENTZ-SANTLEY NOVELTY CO.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. l-a>. 1300. Inc!uslva.
Six high-class running races every week-day.
rain cr shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed ln bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Train* leave Third and Townsend streets at
»:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:35. 12.it)
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately alter
last race at 4:45 p. tn. Rear cars reserved
for women and their escorts. No smoking.
Valencia street 10 minutes later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrlvt at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
Rate*; San Francisco to Tanforan ana r»»
turn. Including admission to track, tl 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
CHILDREN'S MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
THE DEMAND AS BIG AS EVER
For the Holiday Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
Every Evening and All Next Week.
THE GREATEST SHOW IN , 'FRISCO!!
Just the Play for the Children.
— SEATS SELLING ONE WEEK AHEAD —
POPULAR PRICES— 2So and 60c
Telephone Bush 9.
Nexf Production— "THE IDOL'S ETE."
7
MONTGOMERY GODLEY.330 MARKET ST. S.F.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
'•-"'KEABXVST. Established
'" * **¦• tor the treatmont of Prtvat*
r*M.a.«.,. l^, t Manhood. DebUltyoJ
H%??Z>?Z? riTi *.%!' bodyand mind aad
* -patents! ;
Kan rranrtsco ofOc«. OS Uarkst st. r-'ftir—
C«« af.j offlc*. tut Brea4way.
§acr«m«nto offlc*. Rn J strvct.
Ban Jo—j orfiae, T TVs«t Santa C.ara stj«sC
COAST DIVISION (nroa.HU»ge).
(Tliinl .tiid Townseiid St^.) ''¦¦¦'#¦¦?¦
lOtlO\ Ocean View. South K*n Franci«co.. tO:3i)r
•7:O«A San Jo«o and Way .Station* (New
Ali.::v!rn \Ve>J:ic." ijj imilt* *l:SOr
•».«OaKaii .lo!.^. Ttcs rinns, Hanta irui,
Tacllic Urota, I'a»> X >!.'..», Hsn
c l.uls t;l.isi,,>. Surf, I.ompoc and
rrlncli-al Way Statl.iiit MslOr
•I«:«Oa Ban .losonn.l Way Station* # oi33*
•I1i:>Oa San J.>se and Way .Stations *3iUOr
t»>4Sr San MatMj, Uedwoo>l. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, ban .)„.,».
Tres Finos. .Sauta Ctns. Sa'ir.as.
« Moiitereyand I'acilic Gro»e tlO:S« A
M:»l>r San Jose and Way Stations *?:3Ur
fl:l»fSanJoseaiidrTlr.ciral Way Station* *0t45»
p:OOr Saa Jo«oand Principal Way Stations 1»:00»
2 .2' San .lose an.l Princlral Way Stations •9iZ3>a
•«::iOrB»:, .lose »nd Way Stations (t>0«»
»ll:l..r San .lone mid Way hutiona *?>3Or
• rJt,' 0 * Mot ? i " s , I'for Aft»rn,wn
* Dally. f Sunday etrrrted. J Sunday calj.
6 Saturday only.
stTjtesdaTs and Fridays « Thursday* and SuruUn.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SmamUtm Perry.
Commencing (>»-tob«-r 1 i«j
FROM SAN FKANITISCO TO MlUTvaLLjst
AND SAN UAFAEir^ VAI *»*ET
WEEK DAYS-«7:C0. 1 .». U?» a. m•« -i
•3:40, 6:15. « 00. «:30 p. m. m "' I: *^
EXTRA TRIPS— For Milt Valley -n.i c._ »
Trains marked «•) run to Sun Oit«n>i«
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO 9AN K|sAN%er^
WEEK DATS-6-^S, •! S5 TVs. i.^ vnsr °>
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday's, W*d n »«da». .M. M •
Eatunlays at «.4O and 10:15 p m '" * tt<l
•l:< 0. 1:15. 4:«, ««:M p. m. ** *" »»»
Trains marked (•) start frem iUk •>•.- .
12:35, 1:35. t:45. S:SO p. ni W *¦ m '
V&SSZ l? l %> °mm a R h^ Z^^T. a O <
..«, THROUGn TRAINS
f rtO a. m. week days— Caxadero and w, r ? «,,„-«
1:49 p. m. Saturdays-Tom. les and V»* y ,;.{^!;
»:C0 a. m. Sundaya-TcnuUes and way stllloSa
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
We^k*n»r, an Franclsco o T« a «»u.allto Ferry.
o The luxury, oomfort, conveniences, f
<> cuisine and moderate charges nave *
o given the *
I PALACE and I
:: GRAND ?
' ' 4'
t hotels a reputation that is known wher- <>
A ever the English language Is spoken. ?
Connected by a covered passageway— *
T HOO roomß— 9oo with baths. ' I
T JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. ',
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S^nta Fe Ronte.
Ttf fastest tratn. ruaateg ersr th« test run-
road, with t!u highest class acecinincdaU«aav
Ccnn^^ttng train learss) Baa FVanoUco at
1:00 p. m.
UOSIDaY. mOtXSSOAT. nUOaT. sUTUSOAr.
Arming tn QUcairo at t:U p. ra.
ntDAT. SUHDAT. TTTXS34T. VIO9XSOAT.
With the Limit Removed.
What are you flgurin/r on?" asked the
Chicago wife alter her husband had cov
ered several sheets of paper with columns
of figures.
"Well." replied her husband. "I am try
ing to find out what the population of oiir
citjr would b© If we had no city limits at
all. —Judge.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&*~?zg£*£
SEE
GENUINE
WRAPPER
PRO-BOER. MASS-MEETING.
Arrangements* Complete for th* Big
Demonstration in Metropoli
tan Temple To-Night.
The pro-13oer mass meeting in Metro
politan Temple to-night is expected to be
a redhot affair, and there is every prob
ability of the expectation, being fully real
ized. Patriots of almost every nationality
will be present to cheer their approval of
the grilling which tho British will re
ceive.
Kx-Judge M. Cooney will preside, and
among those who have accepted Invita
tions to address the meeting are Mayor
James D. Phelan. Joaquin Miller, Rev.
Pastor J. Fucndeling, ex-Judge FerraJ,
Rev. T. Carahtr. Rev. Eflward J. Dupuy
and W. J. Martini. Miss Sannie Kruger,
a niece of Com Paul, will sing the na
tional song of tho Transvaal, and Profes
sor Werner will preside at the organ.
The interior of the temple will be elab
orately decorated, and the colors of all
civilized nations, with the single excep
tion of Great Britain, will be displayed-
The flags of the Transvaal and the Or
ange Free State will of course occupy
prominent positions over the stage. The
tinal arrangements for the mass meeting
were concluded at a meeting of the Trans
vaal committee of the Netherlands soci
ety •"Wilhelmina." under whose auspices
the affair will be conducted, in room 103
cf the Phelan building last night. Those
present were: A. F. Groh, chairman: L.
P. Van Bxggen. eecretary; E. T. Car
valho. M. Cooney O. Vermenlen, W. H.
Hodfish, Nathan Fisher. George Gray, B.
Moilenhauer^ John Mulhern, F. Hus, S.
C. l^wts. Dr. Shepard, L. C. Cnopius,
Mrs. L. C. Cnopius, G. Crans. J. J. Con
lffe. Dr. (JibbonF. \V. \V. Benkert, M. Jor
dan, George Marsily. Theodore Pinther
and Thomas F. Harry. It waa decided
that the committee should be made a
permanent organization to continue its
work while the war lasts, and with that
object a meeting will be held in Judge
Coor.ey's ofSce next Tuesday evening.
BOLD ATTEMPT
TO MURDER AND
ROB A CITIZEN
Highwayman Moody's
Desperate Act.
M. VAN LAAVEN THE VICTIM
SHOT BECAUSE HE REFUSED TO
GIVE UP HIS MONEY.
The Wound Was Slight and Van
Laaren Will Be in Court This
SXorsing to Prosecute His
Assailant.
Martin Van leaven. Jur.ior partner of
tha firm cf 11. Kanders & Co., can con
cratulate himself on btlr.g aiive to appear
In the Police Court this morning against
F*mnk Moody, a discharged soldier of the
Twenty-third Infantry, who made a des
perate ctten-.pt to rob and murder Van
La a\ en a.£ ho was rctur::i::g home last
night. Moody stepped up behind Van
Leaven en M,!»sioa street m front of the
Jackson Brewery, i:eax Eleventh street,
nr.,l t hnivilr,. - r»in\\-nT- <<i the l-.f. •
face ordered nici to hand over his purse.
Yttn :„-..•¦¦.. was taken completely by
BUrprise. a::a at he was deliberating the
hlgQwaytn^n fie-pped back a few paces,
Hill covtring the unfortunate ptsdt-siri&ii
Tiiih his revolver. This gave Van Laavon
c!i Opportunity to escape. He hud h laree
arr.cunt of money on hia person, p.mi as
he did rot trust to accede to Moody* de
mands without attempting to save his
valuables he turned and started to run
Up Mission street toward his home at
llvi fclle\er.th street. S^«4ng that his vic
tim was aU>ut to escape Moody llr^d two
shots at him. T!i<* lir-^t ballet plowed Its
way through Van Lmmxen'm clothing and
flattened on the hard muscles under the
shoulder lilade. It only mulcted a «liirht
bruise, but the fugitive thought it had
entered las body. The other bullet |
wliizzed l>y his head harmlessly.
Van Loaves kept or. running until he
reached the corner ut the noxt block,
¦where he met PoUccmaa civs Wollw»-bber.
who was hurrying toward the fcene of
the ehooting. After flrir.g the two shots
Sloo'iy turned around and started to run
down Mission street toward Tenth, hotly
yarnied Oy mo n;ea on horseback whb
I.appened to be in the vicinity. The flee
ing de«i><'radi> wtts no match for his
mounted purvuera und they soon had him
cornered. He made no attempt to fight
them as he had thrown away his revolver
durir.p bit r.Jplit. The two riders jumped
from their horses and grasped Moody by
the ool!ar and held him until Policemen
Wollwebber and Nolan arrived.
iloody was placed under arrest and
taken to the i ity Prison, where he was
booked on charges of assault to rob and
assault to murder. Mr. Van IxLaven was
c ¦:.\f\-ir& to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Stevens dressed ha wound. While
*^;;r.s for the patrol wagon to arrive
Policeman Nolan made a careful search
for the desperado's revolver and found it
Jr. the street near the corner of Tenth and
Mission. Moody is one of the hardest
looking characters that has fallen into the
hands of the police in some time. He
claims Texas as Y.'.b home and states that
his father Js a well-to-do rancher there.
v\ h:!e b^lr.jj booked he boasted of having
a pull ar.d predicted that he would get out
of the scrape without much trouble.
TRIED TO BUNKO
A VISITOR FROM
THE ANTIPODES
Scott of Sydney Has
an Experience.
• '
WAS WISE TO THE GAME
¦ . >
POKER WITH STRANGERS HAD
NO ATTRACTIONS FOR HIM.
Raw Work of a Gang of Confidence
Men Who Came Down
Here on the Walla
Walla.
Some people are farmers, some look like
farmers and others are sized up as hay
seeds, though, as a matter of fact, their
pursuits are far removed from that of the
verdant individual whose pride is centered
in the size of the succulent cucumber and
the sleekness of the maternally inclined
cow.
N. Scott.. a recent arrival at the Occi
dental, is one of the latter class. In private
life he is a large shoe merchant of Syd
ney, N. S. W., but ever since he left his
home to travel abroad he has been made
the object of bo many gold-brick schemes
that he is seriously thinking of setting
himself up as a sure-thing expert and in
structing prospective globe trotters on the
dajigers that will beset their paths while
in America and the manner in which the
snares may be avoided.
Mr. Scott arrived in Victoria from the
land of the kangaroo a few days ago.
From there he took the steamer Walla
Walla for this city. With him was travel-
Ing Mr. Davis, who is likewise an antipo
dean aborigine.
On the steamer was a crowd of confi
dence men who were putting in their
spare time working any of the other
passengers who were gullible enough to
be caught In their web. One individual
lost $250, but upon complaining: to the cap
tain succeeded in recovering $120 of his
losses.
Several attempts were made on the Scott
and Davis sacks, but the two travelers
were wary and could not be caught.
Thursday morning as Mr. Scott waa
slowly walking up Sutter street be was
accosted by a smooth-looking stranger
who gave his name as E. C. Samy and
who claimed to have made Scitt's ac
quaintance on the steamer. Scott remem
bered having had him as a fellow passen
ger, but did not place him with the sharp
ers with whom ha had traveled down the
coast.
Samy invited the Australian in to have
a drink and over a social glass confided
to him the reason that had brought him
to San Francisco. According to the plaua
ible Samy. he was interested in the man
ufacture of stoves, and was soon to intro
duce some of his really superior wares
into the colonies. He had been negotiat
ing for a mine "up country" which was
rich with a peculiar metal particularly
adapted to the manufacture or stoves and
ranges. The mine also contained gold in
large quantities but this was a secondary
consideration. Samy was after the stove
metal and did not care a cuss for the gold.
Weefly Ci, $1.00 bbi Tear
Weak Men and Women
fiHOCLD USE DAMIANA BITTEPB, THB
V !S«.J EJ*** l4 ** lo *? "»edy; sTlvo h*alth aad
¦triDStk to tezusj orraoa. Dtg^ ta Markst,
o«e«ootcc«oooo»oooc©«c««c8eo«ae8coeoc»t»«eootg«eooto
S for all Bilious and Nervous Disorders? Sick 8
2 Headache, Constipation, Weak Stomach, 2
• impaired Digestion, Disordered Liver, and •
• impure Blood* S
«m TUartiim's PCls hrnft tie larpert »»le of an/ Proprietary Medicine ia tha world. This fcae been S
2 aeti»Ts4 wittoot the publication «f tastimonicls. 10 ce&U and 29 cent*, at all irog stores. S
acoccof ecfecec3Q«e«Qroao««o«eecQOC«««tt-Q..st6««e«C9
VALLEY ROAD
{l»tw**n Utocktosu rr»»no. Hanford. V\ *v-
Tvi'ar* and Uakarsfleid. fttmlsha* goo 4 loou
OVERLAND EXPRESS
T>rrr day la tb« yvar. Palltaaa Palaco an 4
t*rh.->l*t«r«4 Tcuriat Can l<-»v. c*Jtlacd Mol*
for l»n»tr. Ktsui Ctty. CMcaxo aad th*> Eaat
»;*> p in.
PChteieater's EagUih Diamond Brftsj* -
ENNYROYAI PILLS
-<S*~v Oriffiaal and Only Ocstmia*. *. •
d'itnx^n !*".!. * :w *Tl «h»w«. uadii» ut JB\
WT*&*^t-i%± mm ° n <' Brmd ta He 4 aad Gtl.t met»lUoV«Sy
JT\ S^lP*!?* 1"'1 "' ****** »'H« M« Hbbon. Take Vfif
1/ rtlf 0"*0 "* and ****•*•»*• At DraaliM, or and ««
I JE. -^f In «»iap» fer p«rtlenlar». t«*OaoirUl* aai
\V w9 K*Hof "or Ladles," *n Utter, kr r*tarm
-T** TCnii'hastCTC&eaadeal Co>.y «dh><»« U<i«m^
DEWEY.STRONG&CO
Newsboys Robbed
William curun was arrestod by Officers
Leonard and De Guire on Montgomery
Btrret last evening and charged at the
California-Ftreet station with robbery. For
fibout three days past newsboys and ir.es
f enser boys in the vicinity of Montgomery
and California streets have complained of
q man who has been In the habit of knock
ing them down and robbing them of what
ever money they have had in their pos
session. The officers set a close watch on
the fellow and the arrest of Curtin fol
lowed. He was identified by several of his
victims.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Weak Men
Free
Insures Love and Happiness.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering; from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, varlcocele. etc.. and enlarge small,
weak organs to full size and vigor. Simply
send your name and address to Dr. I*. W.
Knapp, *1S« Hull building. Detroit, Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous, offer and tho following extracts taken
from his dally mall show how men write him:
"Dear S!r: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have giren your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just aa vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir: Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
" D J^ r .81r:. 81r: Tour « w « received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and after a few days use can truthfully
•ay It Is a boon to weak men. I am greatly
Improved In size, strength and vigor."
All correspondence is strictly confidential,
mailed tn plain sealed envelope. The receipt Is
free for th« asking and he wants every man
tO h»Vt It
C9AST DIVISION (Narrow (.ai S e).
(Foot cf Market Street.)
Times Have Changed.
To the man who hnd $1000 to loan It
seemed a large and desirable sum.
Wherefore he walked Into the office of
the loan broker with his head high in the
air.
"Show me a list of your most desirable
investments," be said to the minion at the
desk. »r--,j
"We are not keeping a list of that kind
these days," replied the minion, shoving
a pad at him without rising. "If you
have any money you want placed you
may write your name on that and we'll
consider your application in Its turn."
Whereupon the man with the $1000 did
collapse, even as if he had received a
puncture.— Chicago Tribune.
Bta«ea eonnvct at Banta Rom for Mark Was*
Bprings and White Sulphur Spiinrs: at Lyttati
(or Lyxton Sprtncs: at O*rs«rrll!a for Bkans
fpr'.nrs; at Cir.vertials for tit O»}-«»r»; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Hlrtuajxl Spctn<s.
KeltejnrlilC'. Carlsbad Pprlnr*, Soda Bar. L*k*-
rort and Bartlstt Sprtnrs; at L*V:»h far Vlciy
princs. Saratoga Sprln«». Bta« L*k«w. iASral
Dell Lake Witt*r Sprtnc*. t*pp«r L*ka. Fbsml
Potter Valley. John bar* a. RlTsrslde. LtarUriL
Bucknetl's. Banhedrin Hstr^.t*. HuUtlM*. Orr*«
Hot Bprlatr*. Msndoctno City, Fort Bra**.
Westport. Usal. WUlltta, Layt<«TtUa. Cua».
tnlnc s, B«ir* Springs. Harrt*. OI»«a # s. Dr*r.
Bcett* and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trl9 ttakats a* *•>
4tac*d rate*.
On Sunday rotad trio tickets to mil sntaca
Wyond Ban Rafael at half rat*s.
Ticket Of Sc»«, CM Market sc. Chnotel* bite.
ST. C. WHITTNO. R. X R*A*T^
General Xanafar. O*a. Pa**. JljOsV
A SAILOR'S FISHY STORY.
Charles Ackerman of the Bark Oak
land Became Infatuated With
a Girl in a Dance Hall.
Charles Arkerman, a sailor on the bark
Oakland, lying off the Harrison street
wharf, told a romantic story at the
Southern police station early yesterday
morning of his experience with a woman
he met in the Columbia dance hall on
Montgomery avenue. He became infat
uated with the woman and took her to
the Winchester House. 44 Third street,
where he registered as "Captain Mogan
and wife." He gave her $475 to keep for
him and she walked out of the place. Ho
ran after h^r and asked Special Police
man Con Kelly to arrest her, but he de
clined, and Bupgested he should get a reg
ular officer. He did so, and he says that
when he returned the woman and the
special officer had disappeared.
Special Officer Kelly tells a different
story. He says he was approached by
Ackcrman. who asked him to arrest the
woman. He did so and took her to the
patrol box at Third and Mission streets
to ring for the "patrol wagon. Arkerman
followed t!nm and told Kelly that he
would not prosecute.- the woman and In
f=!fted that she be> released. Kelly took
her l;ack to the Winchester House, and
aft^r questioning the clerk and hearing
thi- woman's story, which showed that
instead of Ackerman having $475, he Oid
not have enough to meet his obligations,
K<-lly allowed her to go. He got her
rwmc ard address and she can he found
et any time. Detective George McMahon
has been detailed on the case.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FOUR BOXES DID IT.
Bemarkable Success of a New Pile
Cure.
People who have suffered for months or
years from the pain and Inconvenience of
that common disorder, piles, will look
with skepticism upon the claims of the
makers of the new discovery for the cure
of all forms of piles, known as the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure; nevertheless the extraord-
inary cures performed by this remedy are
such as to warrant the investigation of
any sufferer. As a case in point the fol-
lowing letter speaks for itself:
Mr. Henry Thomas of sub-station No. 3.
Hosack avenue, Columbus, Ohio, writes
as follows:
"Gentlemen: I want you to use my
name If it will be of any use to you. I
was so bad with the plies that I lost
work on that account. Nothing did me
any good. I read in Cincinnati of the
many cures of piles by the Pyramid Pile
Cure and I went to a drugstore and asked
for it. The druggist told me that he had
something else that he thought was bet-
ter, but I told him that I wanted to try
the Pyramid first.
"The first box helped me so much that
I tried another and then to complete the
cure used two more boxes, making four
in all. I am now completely cured. Have
not a trace of piles and I had suffered for
years with the worst form of protruding
piles.
"I suffered death from piles, but I found
the Pyramid Pile Cure to be Just as rep-
resented. I have recommended it to sev-
eral of my friends and am thankful to be
able to write and tell you what good the
remedy haa done for me."
Physicians recommend the Pyramid Pile
Cure because it contains no opium, co-
caine or mineral poison of any kind, and
because it is so safe and pleasant to use,
being painless and applied at night. The
patient Is cured in a surprisingly short
time with no Inconvenience whatever.
Pyramid Pile Cure Is sold by druggists
at 50 cents per package, and if there is
any constipation It is well to use the
Pyramid Pills at the same time with the
Pile Cure, aa constipation Is very often
the cause of piles and the pills effectually
remove the costive condition. Price of
pills is 25 cents per package.
Write to Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall
Mich., for the little book on cause and
cure of piles; sent by mail free.
MANY OFFICERS ARE
NOW IN THE CHAIRS
INSTALLATIONS IN VARIOUS
LOCAL ORDERS.
The Chosen Ones Who Are to Rule
the Organizations Over Which
They Will Preside,
The following installations In secret so
ci«?tl<>B have taken place within the past
few days: •
There was a double Installation la Prosrwct
Hall of the Odd Fellowg 1 building, the recent
ly elected and appointed official* of Paelflc and
Oo!den WVrt lodges. I. O. O. F.. heir.* In
ducted Jcto their respective chair* ty Dtatrtet
X>eputj- Grand Uast<r Thomas K. Kese as
elJted by Me««rs. Thomjison. Noble. Ccrbett and
I>u!y. The offloers at Pacific are: F. L. Tur
ria. junlur j-asi tr&nd; Fred 1». Aahvortb
N. G.; Fra-.k P. Ashworth.A 5 h worth. V. G.; Adolphui
E. OnapMr. R. S.; E. A. Holme*, right cup
porter, and Charles Wlnterbura, left fuj>t*,rter
to N. G.; lota F. Hardln. warden; Frank D
Macbeth, coniuctor; K. V. Culrer. right ani
Charle* p. Hensley. left rurjiorter to V G ¦
C. a. White, Inside, and William 11. Kant ' cut
*lde puardlan; Henry C. George, chaplain, and
"William Edmonds. orpar.iM.
Thj*e of Golden We« Lod«* are: J p
¦Whitney, faster past grand; G. 11. Andrews.
2*. G. ; Clarkson Dye. V. G.; J. 11. Thrane. H
6.; IC C. Iflack. H. 6. N. G.; J. K. Munr.
X* S. K. G.; 11. H. EUte. \V.. E. O Glea» O n'
C. ; O. A. Kaxidahl. It. S«. V. G.; E. J. Trever
L. S. V. G-; A. Mahlj-tedt, I. G., and I. 1
Ellin. O. G.
The officer* cf Parker :, :>.•<-. I. O. O F
were installed l.y Deputy A. H. Now-1! ««
¦isted t»- J. F. Kle&ol* as grand marshal.
They are: J. A. Well*. P. G.; F. Northrof.
IC. G.; A. A. Friedmnder. V. G.; J. F Nlrh
.<>:*. H S.; J. Zi. Murphy. F. iv ; George F
Part*. T. ; William Mund. n. S. N v • E.
M. Lathr";.. U B. N. G.; Charles Stein'fel*"
V.; F. PeohiFka, K. S. V. G. ; E. Gro*sman
L. S. V. G.; D. S». Crown. I. G., ana W. W
Whan, chaplain. The Installation, which was
public, wa* followed by a programme of en
tertainment and a collation.
The following named were Installed es the
officer* of Yerba iiuena I»dge. 1 o O F •
J. I). Pchloen, N. G.: W. H. Brott. V. G • a'
Olkt.. R. P. : ». F. Wellington. F. S ; W i
Cros*tt, T.; George I^. Perbann, It. S. X G •
11. F. Xeunaf^r. U S. N. G. ; W. p. Hum
phrey*. W.: T. C. Martin. C.;.G. W. I>ong-
Jer, 11. S. V. G.: Charies S-:ahle, L. B. V G •
V. H. Tatrlck, O.
r*>f>uty A. It. Xowell. rF«!*ted by J. F.
Nichols. ini>tane<j the following ofScere of
\VeFt«-rn A<sdlt]< n Lodge. I. O. O. F.: O A
Trauuier, N. G.; W. J. Whisier. V. G : J H
MclJine, It. S. : W. r. Lee. F. S. : F. Holdert
T-; John Conklln. R. p. N. g. ; x. Alverwm'
.I*. 8. N. G : F. Kees. 11. S. V. G.; J. Haniing
L. 8. V. G.; J. H. Gray, chaplain; J. F.rner
•on. organic. A?fr the officer* had been
pieced In their re»>]^rtiv« chalm there was
rerved a bountiful collation.
Franco- Amerlcalne I>-«lge. the French OM
Felio»a' l'-xlc*. had lt» «iffic»rjs installed by
Deputy Trever. They a,-p;a ,-p ; k. z»aurher. X. G'•
J. Courrlnau*. V. G. : .* . T,. Aurad.u. X S ¦
Eugene The;>. F. F. ; P. Cam**, t. : J. <io<i»-au'
It 8 N. C; G. llerlan. 1., s. x. G. : E. Tor
pin. W.: T. Fchab:agi!i, c. ; A Franulln H
6. V. G.; D. Poliaorl. L. <:. V. O.; A. UeiVrt
chaplain, ar.d W. 11. PatrU-i:. organiK;. Af'er
the ceremonies the n»» <¦ fTicer* and the mem
ber* went to a cafe, where they part of .k of a
collation and rper.t an hour in a pedal way
The following named effl.-ers of National
Tarlor. X. P Q. W.. were installed by Andrew
Mocker. D. D. G. P.. afw'eted by Walter ilc-
Creery a* marshal: Daniel F. tfoosun, presi
dent; J. F. F*iv«t. flr*t vice preoldrnt; 11-tiry
HufTschmldt. B»'C«jnd vice president • R liadke
third vice pmfclent; W. Doughty, recording
secretary; W. Ijirkln. financial **-rretary p
O. dv P/. treasurer; Walter Dlxcn, marshal-
J. B. Vvhltteniore <«rra!idsun of cc O mm<..J<.re
SSo«t). inside teßtJaal: George Vaughn, outside
eentlnel; A. B. Vaushn. Junior pa»t rreßii'nt
Frederick P. Wehe. the retiring past iire«i
.dent, who Ourir.e li!« term proved a m<.*t en
ergetic ciScer, re.-eived from the parlor a taken
cf it* appreciation if his wrrth In the shape
of a pold and diamond mounted badge which
wa* presented during a collation thnt followed
the ceremonie*.
J. W. Lewie. D. r>. G. P., Installed the fol
lowing named ntflr-er* of Olympus Parlor for
The current term: Mark Devlne. pa*t presi
dent; William H. Ahhott. president; J. Herald
VILLIERE'S LOVE TRAGEDY.
Betrayer of Miss Edith Hovrland Ad
mitted His Guilt at the Inquest.
The inquest en the body of Miss
Edith Howland was resumed by Coroner
Hill yesterday. Miss Howland resided
with her father and Filters and brothers
at 3yt» Munich street and earned her living
by working in Brunt's printing establish
ment. Between two and three years ago
she made the acquaintance of Albert J.
Yilliere of 1724 Pine street, and their ac
quaintance ripened Into an illicit intimacy.
The young woman died on December 20
of last year in St. Luke's Hospital from
the effects of a criminal operation per
formed by some unknown person before
she had been taken to the hospital.
At the former hearing of the matter
Mr?. Mary Howland. sister-in-law of the
deceased, testified that Yilliere was re
sponsible for her condition and that he
supplled the money and directed her
where to go.
Yilliere appeared at the Inquest yester
day and 6 wore that he never supplied the
deceased with money for the purpose in
dicated and knew nothing of her Inten
tions. He had paid for her care at St.
Luke's Hospital and had Intended to
marry her as soon as she recovered. He
admitted that he waa the author of her
trouble.
Mr?. Ilowland was recalled, and Insisted
that her testimony on the former occasion
was the truth. She croduced two clip
pings which rhe had found in a purse of
the deceased. They were advertisements
of two women doctors. The deceased had
told her that Villiere had advised her to
go to them for advice and treatment.
The Jury returned a verdict that death
had bec-n caused by a criminal operation
at the hands of persons unknown to the'
jury. Miss Howland was a native of
California anil 22 years old.
"FRUSITIilP ON !R.S2I> PAPER 1
! BAIXEOAD TRAVEL
I CAIIFOINIA NOKTHVESTERH £T. Ca
lAI FRAHCISCO AND NOBTH PACIRO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbsjrms FWrjr. Foot of Market St.
BAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATA— 7:JO. 9:C-\ U:00 a. m. ; U:<S>
I.JO. 5:13, (:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trly
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— £x:n trlpa at I:6*
and li:*i d. ra.
BUNDATS— «:C«. •:». U:0« a. m.; 1:». I:2a.
6:00. «:30 d. m.
PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7.53. 9:20. U:10 a. in.: 12:45.
t:4O. 1:19 p. a. Saturdays— Extra tripa at
I:S3 and (:U p. m.
BCXDAT3— I:I3, t:49. HM a. ta. : 1:40. 1:40. I:M.
t:tS o. m.
Betwe«a San Franetsoo and 3chu«tta Pmr*
auu scbsdule as abov*.
FLOGGING IN BRITISH NAVY.
It Is Still a Practice, as the Follow
, ing Account Shows.
On September 23 Thomas McGeehan,
late second class leading stoker on her
Majesty's ship Doris, was flogged at Si
mons Town for the offense of malinger
ing. The report of the circumstances,
which appeared in the Western Morning
News of October 24, is not very lucid, but
1 gather from it that the malingering took
place while the man was undergoing a
sentence of imprisonment on the Penelope
for striking a chief stoker. A "medical
survey" was first held on the accused,
which presumably resulted in a finding
that he had been shamming sickness. On
this a board of three officers sentenced
the man to eighteen lashes. "After re
ceiving eleven lashes," said the report,
"the prisoner became insensible, and the
medical officer present (the staff surgeon,
of the Monarch) stopped the cruel pro
ceeding, and the wretched man was borne
bleeding and senseless to his cell." There
does not appear, therefore, to be any sug
gestion that he was malingering this time.
The Western Morning News, in chron
icling this Incident, expresses the hope
that it may lead to a renewed agitation
for the abolition of flogging in the navy.
I can hardly conceive it possible that any
one possessed of ordlnarv human feeling
will fall to Join in this hope. As to the
desirability of corporal punishment,
whether In the navy or elsewhere, for
certain peculiarly brutal classes of crime,
opinion may differ. But the idea of flog
ging a man senseless for such a trumpery
offense as that of pretended sickness In
order to evade prison discipline is revolt-
Ing to the most elementary feelings of Jus
tice and humanity. The reader will note
that this poor wretch was sentenced (by
three officers commanding her Majesty's
ships and with the approval of the com
mander in chief on the station) to receive
eighteen lashes, and what that punish
ment would have meant had it been car
ried out may be judged from the fact that
the man had become senseless from pain
and a medical officer had to interfere be
fore two-thirds of the sentence had been
executed. Such a result,- considered in
conjunction with the paltry character of
the "crime" for which this murderous
penalty was imposed, should convince
every one of the utter unfltness of many
of our naval officers to be intrusted with
such powers over their subordinates.—-
London Truth.
SEE
GENUINE
WRAPPER
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The man who failed as a merchant ia
seldom satisflexJ with a Job as clerk.
REALTY MARKET IS ACTIVE.
THE purchase by the Mutual Savings
Bank of a large slice of the Blythe
block on Market street Is the all
absorbing topic in real estate cir
cles. The transaction Is regarded
as second In Importance only to the recent
sale of the Baldwin hotel site and the fact
that splendid modern buildings are to be
erected on both sites will have an imme
diate effect on the value of neighboring
property along the street. Mrs. Florence
Blythe-Moore will also erect a fine large
building on her Market street property.
It will not probably go up alongside the
proposed bank building, as it Is under
stood that she Intends to dispose of the
remainder of her interest on that side of
Brookß street. She wil retain, however,
the valuable piece of property on the
northeast side of Brooks and Market
| streets, extending through to Geary
I street and nearly up to O'Farrell. The
j comparatively small piece of property
i that forms the gore at the end of the block
Is held $150,000, and it is not Improbable
! that sooner or later It may become a
j part of the Blythe estate. It waa this
' piece of property on the northeast corner
of Market street and the alley (Brooks
street) which was first desired by the
Mutual Savings Bank. Mayor Phelan. as
president of that Institution, offered $300.
l 000 for It, but his offer was not accepted,
> the price at which It was held being $341,
j 000. The property which was finally se
i cured by the bank consists of the two
| most easterly lota extending to within 37
¦ feet of Kearny street, having a frontage
'of &3 3-S feet on Market, 73:10» 4 feet on
Geary, 50.0CU feet on the east line (depth;
and il feet on the west and southwesterly
side, which is elbow shaped.
The exact price paid for this property
was 52&0.U00 and the sale, which was nego
tiated by Thomas Magee & Sons, occupied
eleven months in perfecting. It was an
extremely tedious and trying proceeding,
because of the great number of conflicting
interests and claims against the property,
I to say nothing of the clouds on the title
i which had to be cleared away. To quote '
! Thomas Magee: "Job. himself, with all
i his patience, would have given up the
Job. But, although this Is said to be an
! Impatient age, real estate brokers are not
I prone to give up anything that gives the
i faintest promise of success, and the deal
1 went through. The success of the nego
i tiations, however, was largely due to the
! energy and ability of Attorney Walter J.
j Bartnett. who cleared away all the legal
! entanglements, brought the wrangling
! lawyers with claims against the estate in
to line and paved the way for the passing
of the deed. The lawyers made the most
trouble. They wanted at first to dispose
of 90 per cent of the title, but were finally
forced to recede from this position. Mr.
Mage« declared yesterday that there
never was a sale made where there were
so many things to nx up. "¦
I Mrs. Blythe-Moore was practically
I forced to sell the property to satisfy the
demands of the lawyers, and because of
this fact the price is less than the prop
erty would have brounght under more
favorable circumstances. Thomas Ma
cee & Sons appraised the same prop
! erty on December 11, 1596, at $303,500. But
! the remaining portion of the Blythe
i block is now practically clear of debt,
! and an Eastern title and trust company
! has agreed to loan $1,000,000 on it at 5
i per cent Interest net. This money, or a
! portion of it, will be used to pay off the
i mortgages, and the remainder will go
I into the new buildings that are to be
j erected on the site.
Thomas Magee & Sons have also sold
for L. Kauffman tha property on the
southwest corner of O'Farrell and Car
los streets, between Powell and Mason
streets. The buyer, whose name is not
disclosed, pays $90,000 in cash, and will
finish the fine building that is in course
of construction on the site. This work
will entail an additional expenditure Of
about $40,000, so that his investment will
approximate $130,000.
The old observatory building on Tele
graph Hill and the lot, which Is but
thirty-four feet less than fifty varas In
size, has been sold by Charles Sutro to
Gray Bros. The property Is on the north
fast corner of Kearny and Greenwich
I streets. The building, which -originally
cost $27,000, will be remodeled and fitted
i up as an apartment house for the ftc
< commodation of the employes of its new
1 owners. The price paid is said to be In
the neighborhood of $6000.
Lyon & Hoag have purchased from the
San Francisco Savings Union a tract of
land in Berkeley containing about 200
I lots, which they will immediately im
i prove and place on the market In subdi
i visions. The improvements contemplated
i Include the grading of the land and the
opening of new streets. The land faces
jon University avenue and Sacramento
i street, on both of which streets is a car
I line. The price paid was about $15,000.
Eastern; Eldrtdge & Co. will hold a reg-
I ular auction sale of city property on
j Tuesday, January 9. at noon. The cata
logue contains an attractive line of re-
I alty. including an investment on the
j northeast corner of Stockton and Pacific
! street*. Leavenworth-street fiats, near
i Sacramento; five building lots on Jack
son, I^arkin and Pacific streets; flats on
I Steiner street, near Ellis; Investment on
I Zoe street, near Bryant; Mission resi
dence at 542 Capp street, near Twenty
{ fourth: residence at 1910 Baker street,
near Sacramento; cottages on the north
east corner of San Jose avenue and
Twenty-sixth street; lots on the south
j Fide of Vallejo street, near Laguna, with
i two fine residences and a corner lot and
| improvements at Hayes and "Webster
! streets.
The sales of local real estate In De
! cember, 1899, as reported In G. H. Umb
| sen & Co.'s circular, were as follows:
Ing and loan apsociatlon were of small
amounts. The releases for last week
amounted to $216,240, against $143,706 for
the previous week.
The total loans 'for 1599 were 513,752.247,
against 112,256,681 for 1898. The toial re-
TtHsS 3 for IS9S W " e $13 ' 75M43 > a S» lns t $1C-
I^ or ww t M^. week •""dine January 3 eight
new building contracts, whose aggregate
value was $45,855, were filed for record.
The largest was that of I^ah Meyer and
others with William Knowles and others
for work to cost $14,300 on a three-story
frame residence on the northwest corner
of \an Ness avenue and Broadway. The
Crocker Estate Company contracted with
the Otis Elevator Company for an eleo
trlo elevator, to cost $9250, for the build
ing on the northwest corner of Post and
Gardner streets, and with J. R. Tobln for
plastering, etc.. to cost $7470, on the same
building. George F. and Harry N. Gray
contracted with Hale Brothers for the ex
cavation and concrete work to cost $GOSS,
In connection with a new building on Mar
ket street, between Fifth ajid Sixth
streets. The other contracts of the week
ranged in value from $1030 to $3070.
The number of new building contracts
filed for record in December. 1599, was 43.
of the value of $374,211, against 58. of the
value of $246,862, for December, IS9B. The
number of contracts filed for the year W39
waa 814. of the value of $4,142,404. against
526, of the value of $3,225,738. for 189 S.
first, F. Slattery. second, and J. F. Epstein,
third vice president; Dr. Cranston, marshal;
W. White sentinel- J. Frankel. H- L Mc-
Creavey. tn:s-:res; Drs. Qulgley and Botkln.
surgeons. After the Installation there were
high Jinks, and addresses were made by Su
perior Judge Murasky, H. I. McCrtavey. O.
C. Prattt. G. L. Mitchell, and there wer« short
stories and music.
Oro Fina Parlor of the Nattv* Daughter* of
the Golden West had the following officers In
stalled la public by Deputy Mrs. J. A. Steln
bach for the current terra: Miss Elizabeth
Henrlx. president: Miss Tlllle Stahl, past
president; Miss Alice Croney, first. Miss Mary
Meany. second, and Jennie Tyler, third vice
president; Miss Llirle Schule. marshal; Miss
I,i:il« Bchafer. financial secretary; Ml*s Mar
garet Bmlth. recording secretary: Mies Is elite
Mulcay. treasurer; Mrs. Mabel Dunn, Inside
sr.d Mr*. Mirj- Meyers, outside sentinel; Mrs.
Mar Church. Miss Minnie Hlnck and Miss
Jer.r.te *»tark. trustees; Dr. Emma C. Lafon
talne. physician. The retiring president was
rreyeated with a token of affection in the
Fhape of a sunburst brooch of told and pearls.
The installation was public.
The offlcers of I>orely Circle. Companions or
the Forest of America, were Installed by Dep
uty Mrs Helena Worms, assisted by Miss Bes
sie Barren as marshal. The new officers are:
Mr? A. Lippl. chief companion: Mrs. R.
Munk. «Jbch!ef; Mrs. Antoinette Graff, record
ing and financial secretary; Mrs. H. SchucK.
treasurer; Mrs. A. Moore, right, and Miss
Martha Pap«. left rulde: Mrs. Hunlcer In-
F'Ar and Mrs Ebner. outside sruard; Mr?.
Hurgh organift. After the ceremony there
was a collation, followed ty dancing.
Deputy Herman Kohn has installed the fol
lowing offlcers cf Lire Oak Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America: Mrs. M. J.
Spellman. chief companion. Alice Hart wick,
sub-chief; Nathaniel Rothmrui. financial secre
tary; Miss A. O. OKeefe. treasurer; Mrs. E.
J N. Stein weg. recording secretary: Miss *T
Gannon, right, and Miss R. Camrbell. left
ruide- Mrs T Margo. inside, and Mrs. M.
launders, outside guard; A. P. Woodward,
physician, and Mrs. Igo. organist.
Ha5t President M. U Asher has installed the
followtr.it offlcers of San Francisco Charter of
the American Guild: W. I*. Pierce, governor;
Mrs Mary E. Waldo, vice governor- J. J.
Cullen. secretao- and treasurer; O II. Hlckey.
guard- Q A. Pacrett. W, H. Thompson and
H Hufschmldt. trustees. The past governor,
warden and chaplain vriU be Installed at th«
next meeting^
PACIFIC UNION
CLUB LOSES A
LEADING MEMBER
Death of Capitalist
Joseph Clark.
WAS A PIONEER MINING MAN
HE HELPED TO MATTE BONANZA
DAYS FAMOUS.
Had B««n Suffering Several Weeks
From a Complication of Troubles
Which He Was Unable to
\ Shake Off.
The Pacific Union Club lost one of Its
bent known, oldest and most popular
members this morning through the death
of Joseph Clark, the pioneer mining man.
who expired in his apartments at the club
at 12:20 a. m. at the ripe age of 72.
Mr. Clark was one of the State's old
timers who with men, many of whose
names have now become historical, de
veloped the mineral resources of the coun
try and made ."bonanza days" the golden
era of California's prosperity and the
theme for future generations to dwell
upon with wonder and delight.
Many years ago Mr. Clark retired from
active business and occupied his time in
resting from the effects of the hard labor
of his early youth and attending to the
property which that labor had brought
him. He was a member of the Pacific
Union Club almost from its very forma
tion, and his home was within Its "portals.
There he spent most of his leisure, read
ing, receiving friends and recalling events
of early dayß with cronies who had passed
through them with him.
Some four or five weeks ago the old gen
tleman was taken 11] with a complication
of troubles which, at his advanced age,
he waa unable to shake off, not having
the vitality of a younger man to bring to
the aid of the physician. Notwithstand
ing this his death was not expected,
though he was known to be a very sick
man, and the utmost vigilance was exer
cised in procuring for him all that science
could suggest or money buy. He waa
thought. to be Improving under the care
that was bestowed on him, and hla sud
den death this morning will consequently
come in the nature of a surprise to the
many friends who were looking forward
to his recovery in the near future.
The deceased was a near relative of Mrs.
Phebe Hearst and an uncle of Edward
H. Clark, manager of the Hearst estate.
As yet no arrangements have been made
for the funeral, as the hour of death pre
cluded any but the most necessary for
malities being arranged for.
Mr. Clark was a very wealthy man, and
leaves a fortune which consists of various
mining, real estate and other valuable
holding^ He was a great friend of the
late R. S. McMurray, the millionaire min
ing man and banker, who died a short
time ago at his residence on Pacific ave
nue. •
The owner of the mine had brought some
specimens down to this city to show
Saray. who was now onhls way to in
spect them. Would not Mr.^ Scott like to
accompany him and also look at them?
Mr. Scott was rather curious to see
Btove metal which was of more value than
gold. He said he would.
The stranger took Scott to a building in
the 300 block on Sutter street, w here they
climbed a flight of stairs and entered la
room on the second floor. In the 'room
were seated two other men who were in
troduced to Scott by names he does not
now remember.
Samy Inquired If the specimen man had
vet put In an appearance and was in
formed that he had not yet • c° me - t b "^!J a ?
expected any minute. The four sat around
quietly conversing for a few minxes,
when one of the two ° ri e lna ' s ®{!; 1 !™
pulled a paper off the table, uncovering a
pack of cards and some poker chip? that
had been hidden underneath. He explained
that he and his friend had been whiling
away the time with a quiet game i or
poker and, fearing that Samy and Scott
might have been accompanied by ladles,
they had hurriedly hidden the instruments
of their iniquity. As no ladies had ap
peared they would continue the game.
They started to play, while Samy and
Scott sat looking on. Finally Samy asked
to be allowed to sit In and. after some
hesitancy, the others made a place for
him. He was soon winning everything In
sight and. wishing Scott to participate In
his good fortune, urged that gentleman to
either take a hand or back his play.
But by this time the Australian had
come out of his trance. Holding his purse
in one hand and his watch In the other,
he Informed the trio he was on to their
game and then hurriedly fled without
waiting to argue the matter any further.
That was the last of the matter so far
as Scott was concerned. The sharpers,
however, were still looking for a good
thing. The next morning Davis, while
standing at the door of the Occidental,
was approached by one of the same gang,
who tried to get him to go up the street
and Inspect a machine for the manufac
ture of artificial feathers. Davis declined
the tempting offer, whereupon the cheer
ful worker departed.
For some reason or other the Occidental
seems to be the Mecca of these fellows.
This Is only one of a number of such cases
that have occurred In which' Its guests
have been the central figure, and all of
them have not come off as cheaply as did
Scott.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
SEEKING TO CREATE
A MURDER MYSTERY
COEONEK HILL INVESTIGATES
SLACK'S SUICIDE.
Witnesses Add No New Evidence to
the Facts of the Young Man's
Self-Destruction as Al
ready Published.
Coroner Hill attempted yesterday to
make a murder mystery out of the suicld*
of Ellard D. Slack, the youngr man who in
a fit of despondency shot a bullet into hla
brain. The Coroner insisted that the trag
edy was not clearly explained, and he or
dered an Investigation, which was begun
yesterday morning and will probably b»
concluded thta afternoon. The Inquiry de
veloped nothing new. The witnesses w^o
were summoned and testified related th^
facts as they have already been published.
Slack entered the ealoon where he com
mitted his tragic act. and going to the
card room fired a bullet into his brain.
He was apparently sober and spoke
pleasantly to one or two men that he
knew and recognized in the place. The
witnesses who testified yesterday knew
nothing more than this. Drs. Dray and
Zabala gave- formal evidence In regard to
the character of th» wounds, and testified
particularly that It was perfectly possible
for the young man to have innictea tnem
upon himself. ¦• , _,
Subpenas had b«en Issued for J. Slmor.3
and Harry de Oreayer two Intimate
friends of the suicide. Neither of thesa
men appeared, and by the Coroner's order
an attachment was issued. A request was
also made upon the police authorities to
make an Investigation Neither D^
Greayer nor Slmona will be able to shed
any new light upon the tragedy. They
know that Black had been living beyond
his means and In a fit of despondency tocic
his own life. By what process of reason
ing the Coroner has arrived at the sus
picion cf murder nobody has been ablo to
ascertain. He has called the resumption
of the inquest for 2 o'clock this afternoon.
RAHLROAD TRAVEL.
¦ UCTHKR^ Pll'lflO I'OMPaMT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trmlna Itate mail nvc tlum »• »rrli« m»
M> niA.NCISCII.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Uati — Fr.ojf December i\ 1339. — uinri
•7iOOa Benida, Siiisnn, Elmira. VacaTllle,
Rnmaey and Wacraraento. ¦ ¦ *7i43p
•7tO»a Ebuta Express— Da-ris. Willows,
Bed Blufl. PcrtlaLd *7:*Sr
•7i3oa Martinez. Han lUracn. Vallejo, Nspa,
('alUtcra and Santa Itosa •«:I.">r
•Si3oa The Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter, 0.-naha, Chicago *3il9f
•Bia»A Sai» Joso, LlTcnaore, Stockton,
loce. Sacrameuto, FlacerrUla,
MarjSTllle, Chico. lied JJIutT MilSp
•RiSOa •Miltcn, Oakdalo and Mcnora Mil.lp
•0.-OO* Haywanls. Nilra an.l Way Stations. •11:13*
•9:00 a Daru, Woodland. Ktichts Landia*.
MarjSTille, Oro»jllo. •7:l3j>
•0:OOt Atlacti..? rxpresa— Ogden and East *U:-13a
•OiOOa Martinpz, Tracy. LatUrop. Stockton.
Mrrc>dand Krosno *ISil3i>
•OtOtlA Tcrt Costa, It'tesao, MoJaTS and l,o«
Ancei." *G:l3r
•IO:OVa Vrll(]>. Slartinn and Way Stations *o<t3p
•1 1:OOa lisjirards, Niles and Way RUticTDs. *2:13p
•Ivi:UOM KucMj I.irermOTo, Stockton. Sacra-
mcuto. Kribu liaoford, Visaila,
I'citf r? iile *1 : 1 3»
JltOOp H irr.tui -:i'.> liiver S:«-niicri 1 1:0 Op
3:OOp IlarnranK Nilca and Way Stations. •.->! 1.1 p
MiOttpMarMucx, Kan lUtuoii, Valleju,
Ni.; n, Oalistoxa, Hauta Itosa *9il9*
•4i«Op Ilenlcia, VacaviU*, Nacrumento,
Woodlaiul. X nil, tits LaudiDt,
MarrsTillc, Orotillr •lO:4S*
•li3«p Nlles, San. lo«eauil Stockton »7ilsp
•3:«OpTho O-l IJ it 1 tod-Tracy. Fresno.
I'jk r:ie'..l. m::jih for Santa Bar-
bara. I.os A::stles '10il.1i
«3:oop Sucsct Limited— El I-aso. New Or-
leacsasd East el*: 13 a
•3z3op Ktocktou, Mtrceil. Fresno »ia:l3p
*3:IIOp Kirsno, ltakerslielii, Hiuit* lUrliara,
I.os Acsclcs. Derr.lasr. F.I r»so,
New Orleans and East *Ss4l3a
•SiSOp Hauta K<> ltoiite— Atlaiitlo EtpreM
for Mojato ami n*.il "8:l5r
•o:OOpirarwar<l«, NilesandHan Jo»e "7143*
tOi:iOr Va'.lejo •1/iI.Tr
•0:3Oi- Oriental Mill— OjJen and East •SrflOp
J7:oop Valirjo. Port CoaU and Way Sta-
tions. }9>33p
•StOSr Oregon and California Kxt>re<w,Ma»-
nuiiento, M.irji-. 1!V«. KotMinr.
r.utlm.,l. Pug. % 5..m,,.1 niel r.-ut »gil 3*
•»il."»a New»rk.L'fiitpr»illc,HanJo»e.Felton,
Boultler Creek.Saota Crux and Way
BUtiOBS *3t3«r
tlilSr Newark, CcnterTllle. San Jcsa, New
Almaden, I'c'tcn. Hoiilder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations t**'***
M«l.lp Newark, Han .lone. Los Gatoa. *0:SOa
(Hi tap Hunters* Excursion. Sac Jose and
Way.sutlo-is !?'»•>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrasi SIS faIUCISCO— F«t or Sd.kit Strut (Slis l)—
3£ t!S SS^t tl::: * 2::3 13: M
rrtoOltUßS— r«*t*rßroii<«aT.— *6:00 8:00 10004 M
t!2:C3 *I:C3 IS:C3 '3.-Q0 ti:C3 •Z.tZr'.v.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE, 813 FOLSOM ST.
n <Sti I Pncrely
FOR HEADACHE.
FOR DHZINESS.
FOR BIUOUSHESS.
FOR TORPID LIYCR.
FOR COMSTIPATIOR.
FOR SALLOW SKI*.
FQRTHECQMPLEXIOI
TrC*B sfWCnuwtuaayKTUStl.
Terr •m«ll mm* as easy
to take mm sugaxw
CARTER'S
p IVER
I PILLS.
l^ave Arrtr*
«an Francisco. In EfTect Baa FrancJsc*.
(- October la.
Week I San- m». Sun- W»s*
Days. I days. D»st:r.at!on days. Day*.
7:*3 am S:0O am Novato, 15 ?) aa 1:44 SJa
1:3) pm »:to ara[ Petalnma. 6:05 pm, 1»:I3 ara
1:10 pm S:00 pro Santa Rosa. 7J5 pa I: S3 pea
Fulton.
1-M ara Windsor. Xf-Ji sis*
Healdstrarg.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
I:«pra I'M am Clover**l«. T:S pta I J3 pa
1:33 axa Hoplasd aad
tM mm Htiao. T:S3 pm *-.O pea
T:3O am 10-.n aat
1:00 am Oacrnvrttl*. 7 US pta
»:" P°> 12) pta
T:SO am S:ooam Bonotn* 19:49 sun 1:44 axa
and
• :10 pm S:oopm Ol*n SUea. I:« 6 pta »:O rat
T:SO am 1:00 am SabutopoL 10:43 mTfl-B .^
1:30 pm 5.00 pm 7:g pm| «:)J pa*
8
During the week ending December 30
loans ngrgregatlng $104,255 were made on
local realty by the savings banks. build-
Ing associations and private capitalists of
the city. The savings banks loaned a
total of 172.625. as follows: Hlbernia, J23 -
750; German, 123,400; Ban Francisco Sav
ings Union, TSO7S; Humboldt, 14200; Se
curity, $7000; Mutual, $1000; French, $1000,
and Columbus. $5200. The building asso
ciations loaned $11,900 and private capital
ist* and others loaned $19,700. All the
loans excepting one of $10,000 by a build-
DISTRICT. | No. | Amount.
Western Addition 67 J448.23S
Mission Addition 14 73.730
Homer's Addition 16 27.712
Flfty-Vara IS 660.950
One-Hundred-Vara IS E55.850
Potrero Nuevo S 6,725
Richmond 13 21.909
Bouth Side 25 2J.425
South Ban Francisco I 21000
Miscellaneous 32 12,906
Total* | 222 | lUSMS6
No. Amount.
Sales during IS3B 2166 J5.891 660
Pales during 1837 176« 10.302.552
Sales during 1894 285* 9,716.639
Bales during 1595 3103 13,392.609
Ealfs during ISS4 ...JOOO 12,339,273
DISTRICT. | No. | Amount.
Western Addition 67 J448.23S
Mission Addition 14 73.730
Homer's Addition 16 27.712
Flfty-Vara IS 660.950
One-Hundred-Vara IS E55.850
Potrero Nuevo S 6,725
Richmond 13 21.909
Bouth Side 25 2J.425
South Ban Francisco I 21000
Miscellaneous 32 12,906
Total* | 222 | lUSMS6
No. Amount.
Sales during IS3B 2166 J5.891 660
Pales during 1837 176« 10.302.552
Sales during 1894 285* 9,716.639
Bales during 1595 3103 13,392.609
Ealfs during ISS4 ...JOOO 12,339,273UNAPPORTIONED FEE FUND.
City Attorney Explains Certain Pro
visions of the Charter.
City and County Attorney Lane yes
terday addressed a communication to
Sheriff-elect Lackmann, in which he ex
plains certain Bpeclfied Incongruities in
the new charter respecting the paying of
all fees Into the city treasury. After
enumerating the several sections referring
to the subject, Mr. "L-ane advises as fol
lows:
It will be M«n by close reading of these pro
visions that they wer* drafted with one pur
pose, to aecure to the city treasury all the fees
or compensation for official service which may
be recelv«d by any publlo officer other than his
Mt-Isry.
The conclusion reached Is this: Whenever
any officer, deputy, assistant, clerk or em
ploye receives compensation tor any official
service the same must fro Into the treasury and
become & r> art ot the unapportloned fee fund.
Whenever any such person receives money
which, according to law, h« must expend in the
course -of his duty and which does not consti
tute any part of any fee or compensation for
sen-ice rendered, said money does not go into
the treasury and become part of euch fond.
POSTTJM CEREAL.
A COFFEE SLAVE
Released by Postum Food Coffee.
"To my surprise, I discovered that
the coffee habit was fixed upon me. and
I looked forward to the beverage at
*neals as indispensable.
"I felt that I would rather do with-
out the balance of the meal than the
coffee, and became impreesed with the
fact that my free, independent man-
hood wa« practically gone.
"My heart gradually became weaker
end weaker, until It was so crippled
that my feet and hands were always
cold, except immediately after drinking
coffee; and after the effect of the cof-
fee were off I had that horrible, relax-
ed, rung-out-like-a-dishrag feeling that
snade tr.e feel like an old, decrepit man
et the ape of 35.
"When I awakened to ray condition
I quit the coffee and took up Postum
Cereal Food Coffee, finding It a most
palatable and perfect beverage. My
heart has recovered Its normal
Ftrecgrth and I am again a young and
healthy man. It is very plain to me
now that coffee was robbing me of my
strength and vigor. Postum helped me
yuit and buiJt up my nervous system.
"My wife also has been wonderfully
benefited by the use of Postum Food
Coffee, acd w have been engaged In
en active crusade in Its behalf. Have
found many people who had turned
down Postum eolely on account of not
making it properly. It Is easy to make
If one will ure four heaplngr teaspoons
to the pint of water and allow it to
boll long enough. We always use Brood,
rich cream and sweeten the cup to
ta*t«». It is a delicious beverage.
"The following persons were affected
very much as I was and have recovered
their health by the use of Postum Food
Coffee: Dr. J. A. Schuelke of the
United States Army, also Mr. John
Corcoran of South Omaha, with the
Cudahy Packing- Company.
"With best wishes."— W. H. Spauld-
icg, 1610 Cass street, Omaha, Nebr.
FARNHAM-BOLAND CONTEST.
Recount Begins Before Judge Sea
well — Feusier May Contest
Brooks' Election.
The Farnham-Boland contest for the
office of Public Administrator commenced
before Judge Seawell yesterday. M. C.
Hassett appeared for Boland, Publlo Ad
ministrator-elect, and the contestant was
represented by B. G. Somers and C. W.
Green. '. • .. _. „ m „
Before opening the oaiiots juage aea
well appointed clerks of his own selec
tion to keep tally and then the count was
on During the day four precincts of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District were
counted, and Farnham, the contestant,
made a net gain of eight votes. Boland
famed one vote In the First Precinct,
'arnham gained one vote In the Second,
Boland lost four in the Third and Farn
ham gained one, and In the Fourth Pre
cinct Boland lost three.
Representatives of Louis Feusier, Re
publican nominee for Treasurer, were
present and watched the count. As Feu
sier and Brooks ran very close It is the
former's Intention of attacking the elec
tion of the Democratic candidate If the
results of the snap tally now being taken
will warrant the undertaking.
SUPERVISORS ARE
THROUGH WITH A
YEAR'S BUSINESS
Railroad Franchises
Considered.,
MAYOR'S VETO SUSTAINED
WTLL MEET AGAIN ON NEXT
MONDAY MORNING.
The Board of Supervisors met yesterday
afternoon In its last regular meeting and
transacted the little business that re
mained for its attention. The most Im
portant measure which came up for
consideration was the application of the
Coast and Bay Railroad for a franchise
into the city to Eighth and Brannan
streets. The resolution, which was passed
to print, provided for a double track lor
a steam line. The route laid down was
from the county line of San Mateo County
at a point due southwest of Desslng
street, and between Desslng street and
the San Jose railroad right of way, where
the latter curves Into San Mateo County:
thence through private property In a
northerly direction to Palmetto or Rail
road avenue to LJebig street and San Jose
avenue; thence through private property
to Wyoming avenue; thenco along Wyo
ming avenue through private property to
Springdale street; thence along Spring-dale
street to Mission, and under Mission by
stone culvert to Canal street; thence
along Canal street and through private
property to Crescent avenue; thence along
Crescent avenue to San Bruno avenue, to
Marengo avenue; thence along Marongo
avenue to Loomis avenue; thence along
Loomis avenue and Barneveld avenue and
through private property to Tulare street,
to Texas street; thence across Texas
street and through private property to
Sonoma or Twenty-fourth street; thence
along Sonoma or Twenty-fourth street to
Illinois street; thence along Illinois street
northerly to Mariposa, westerly to Penn
sylvania avenue; thence by Pennsylvania
avenue. Seventeenth street. South Connec
ticut street along Sixteenth street to
Eighth and Brannan streets; also along
Berry street to Fourth street.
The resolution giving Felix McHugh per
mission to lay sewers in California street,
between Twenty-first and Twenty-second
avenues, and In the crossing of Californ'a
street and Twenty-first avenue, was re-
The "agreement entered into between
Bateman Brothers and their sureties, the
Pacific Surety Company, by which tha
latter agrees to complete the Hall of Jus
tice, was accepted and approved by tne
On motion of Supervisor Algeltlnger, the
sum of $5593 was transferred from the Su
pervisors' expense fund to the park Im
provement fund.
The San Francisco Turn Vereln and R.
L. Knapp were given permission to hold
masquerade balls.
The pavement recently completed on
Army etreet, from Valencia to Guerrero,
was conditionally accepted.
Mayor Phelan's veto of the original tel
ephone ordinance was sustained. The
board adjourned to meet at 10:30 o clock
Monday morning.
PHELAN HARRIED BY A
CLAN OF JOB CHASERS
Adroit Plans of the Mayor to
Elude His Angry Pursuers,
In Secret Conference District Leaders of
the Democratic Organization Appoint
a Chasing Committee of Five.
IT was a conference sub rosa to talk
about the distribution of patronage to
the districts and to appoint a com
mittee of five to wait on Mayor
Phelan."
The foregoing sentence was spoken by
one of the district leaders of the Reform
Democracy, with a reference to a secret
meeting of patronage-loving statesmen at
Native Sons' Hall last Wednesday even-
Ing.
In describing the character and scope
of the conference the Democratic district
leader remarked:
"There was no actual outburst of In
dignation, but the anxiety was so pro
found that angry protests were feared.
Jasper McDonald was present and told
the district committeemen that Mayor
Phelan intended that the Democratic or
ganization'should be recognized."
Jasper McDonald, tho chairman of the
Reform Democrat', was asked last even-
Ing if it were true that the Mayor had
promised to look out for the organization
In the award of patronage. Mr. McDon
ald said he could not spealt for the Mayor,
but he ventured the presumption that the
Assembly districts would be considered
in the distribution of official favors.
Park Commissioner McDonald failed to
convey to The Call desired Information
regarding the proceedings of the sub rosa
conference. It was his recollection that
a committee was appointed to see the
Mayor,, but he was not advised whether
the committee had seen Mr. Phelan.
From modern and enlightened sources
within the domain of regenerated Democ
racy The Call ascertains definitely that
a committee was appointed to wait on the
Mayor. Moreover, M. C. Hassett of th»
Fortieth Assembly District was desig
nated chairman of the committee.
"Among those present" at the conference
were: R. V. Whiting, M. C. Hassett, John
H. Grady, John F. Tyler, Jasper McDon
ald, P. J. Tomalty, Mr. Hansen (Gavin
McNab's representative) and others.
The story is told In Democratic club cir
cles south of Market street and In the
wigwams of the Iroquols that the Mayor
was at once apprised of the meeting, and
Immediately laid his plans to avoid a con-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE DINING-ROOM AND TABLE SERVICE.
Copyright, 1899, by Se7mour Eaton.
HOME SCIENCE /%ISE> HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell, Mrs. Margraret E. Sanirster. Mrs.
Kate Gannett TVella. Mrs. Louise E. Huitan, Miss Anne Barrows. Mrs. ilary Roberta
Smith. Miss Emily O. Balch. Miss Lucy Wheelock and others.
XIH. THE DINING-ROOM.
BY MISS ANNE BARROWS.
The dining-room should stand for social
life for the family as well as Its guests,
since there are many households where
the Individual members rarely meet ex
cept at meal time. The end and aim of
our table service, therefore, should be to
further the social life rather than to cater
to epicures or display costly furnishings
or make a display of the latest fads In
table service. The fashion of the furni
ture of the dining-room and the style of
service are of less importance than the
ease and comfort of every individual con
cerned. A meal may be eaten In the
kitchen when necessary and yet all the
laws of good breeding be observed, while
even in elegant dining-rooms meals are
not always served decently and in order.
Few of us can build our houses and de
cide upon the location of the dining-room,
the number of windows it shall have and
the point of compass that they shall far*.
Probably fewer yet can follow the sun
and serve each meal In a different room.
Light Is essential, but If either room must
be in a dark corner of the house let it be
the dining-room rather than the kitchen.
Artificial light will make the dining-room
cheerful, but the commonest processes of
the kitchen need the full sunlight to in
sure perfect cleanness. If the outlook
from the dining-room Is not pleasant, col
ored glass windows are a possible remedy.
The separation of dining-room and
kitchen Is supposed to have been a con
cession to the esthetic nature of the hu
man being and to Indicate an advance In
civilization. But succeeding generations
may find it possible to reunite the kitchen
and dining-room under different conditions
from those of the past. Straws that show
which way the current sets are the favor
Bhown the chafing dish and the gradual
Introduction of the gas stove, the Alad
din oven and electrical appliances for
cookery. Any of these means of cooking
food might properly be installed in an al
cove of the dining-room.
The modern Idea of higher civilization is
not to move away from unsightly sur
roundings, but to Improve them, removing
the disagreeable features. Much is said
about co-operative housekeeping, and con
servative men and women object to the
plan, forgetting how many processes have
been put outside the individual home since
the days of our grandmothers. Many
would be ready to give up the Individual
kitchen, but would wish to retain the fam
ily dining-room. This might be done In
many households to-day were we willing
to simplify our manner of living and do a
little more work with our own hands.
The first requisite for comfort at meal
time Is that the dining-room shall be well
aired. Air Is as essential as food, and In
deed should be considered one of our
most important foods. We are afraid of
odors from the kitchen, and yet even a
fresh smell of frying Is less disagreeable
than the stale, close odor of an unalred
room. It is not wise to shut up a dining
room after a meal without first airing
It. The removal of bad air should be at
tended to as regularly as th© gathering
up of crumbs.
Excessive heat Is a common fault In the
dining room. When hot foods and drinks
form the main part of a meal the temper
ature of the room should be lower than
that of the usual living rooms. Therefore
let the windows be open for a few min
utes Just before the meal to change the
air thoroughly and then close them that
there shall be no draft. An open fireplace
Is an excellent means of ventilation and
may be depended upon for heating a din
ing room except In the coldest weather.
The location, size and shape of the dining
room should be carefully considered when
deciding upon its furnishings. In general,
light colors, the softer yellows and
browns, are satisfactory for the paper
and woodwork. Corner closets, with glass
doors above, should be put In wherever it
is possible. They afford a safe resting
place for tha choicer pieces of tableware
and add greatly to the decoration of the
room. A hardwood floor with a large rug
that is not too difflcult to keep clean, sim
ple draperies. If any, at the windows, and
furniture that Is graceful, strong and not
ornate are the essentials for the dining
room. Decorations should be few: a bay
window full of plants and the corner clos
ets or sideboard with some pieces of hand
some china are usually sufficient. Uphol
stery is not desirable for dining-room fur
niture, though leather covers may be ad
missible. Hardwood without elaborate
carving Is the best for table and chairs;
the latter should be well shaped and those
without arms are usually preferred. Cane
seats are not as durable, but rather easier
than hardwood.
The round and square table each have
their admirers; something depends on the
shape of the room. Where the room Is
email, with a bay window at one end,
space may be saved by choosing a table
with oval ends. A narrow table Is never
satisfactory, nor should one be so broad
that the center is not easily reached from
the side. The relative height of chairs
and table should be adjusted carefully.
Footstools provided for the shorter per
sons will add much to their comfort.
Where there Is a chandelier in the dining
room the center of the table should come
under that. The table should be large
enough to give a space of at least two
feet to each person. Where there Is a
hardwood floor rubber tips on the chairs
are essential, and there should be strong
enough casters on the table, wherever It
Is, to admit of moving it easily. Every
article of furniture In the dlntnsr room
may come In contact with foods, and
hence In shape and substance should be
such as can easily be kept clean.
This should also be kept in mind when
choosing the tableware, be It china, glass
or silver. Perfect cleanness Is the first
essential, and It Is almost Impossible to
attain this with the intricate folds In the
china, the filigree of the silver and the
deep cuts In glass. That dishes are clean
should - be apparent to sight as well as
touch. Pood shows to better advantage
in most cases on plain dishes. China with
high-colored patterns becomes monoton
ous unless we have a variety of sets. In
the average household It is more satis
factory to have a set of dishes plain white
and gain variety through the usa of odd
pieces. It is not wise to buy all the
novelties, for no sooner do we become
accustomed to the use of a new article
than it goes out of fashion. This Is il
lustrated by the ups and downs in salt
cellars and salt shakers, bone dishes, in
dividual vegetable dishes, water carafes
and the like.
The table linen likewise should be of
white for general use and should be se
lected from standard patterns, with nap
kins to match. There should be an abun
dant supply of tablecloths of different
sizes, that it may not be necessary to
fold one under or to use two as the table
Is made smaller or larger. Center pieces,
carving cloths and dollies are more satis
factory In the end where the ornamenta
tion is drawn work or plain white em
broidery rather than high colors; the lat
ter are sure to Interfere with the flowers
or other table decorations which we want
to use. The omission of the tablecloth al
together and the us» of dollies on the
polished table is a fashion which holds in
favor. Where the table pad la used,
whether It be felt, quilting or of the knit
ted variety. It should not be so thick that
the impression of each dish remains after
It Is taken up. Tablecloth ami napkins
should be Ironed with as few folds as pos
sible, and the elaborate arrangement of
napkins la not considered in the be3t taste,
as it sugerests too much handling. Many
dinner napkins are absurdly large and the
use of them seems to Imply a doubt as to
the table habits of our guests.
Ribbons, if used at alt. should be care
fully placed, for nothing is mor%,dlsturb
ing than to see a grease spot appear on
an elegant ribbon In the midst of dinner.
Style of Service.
What Mrs. A. may do with six servants
Mrs. B. cannot do with one. and Mrs. C.
who keeps no maid, should not try to Imi
tate either of her neighbors. To serve a
meal of several courses requires the whole
attention of one maid, and she cannot
well be cook also. Whatever our style of
living, everything should be carefully
planned In advance, that the machinery of
service may be Invisible and noiseless.
Children should be taught to serve well
and to wait upon the table In place of a
maid when It Is necessary. With a side
board and a two-story table on casters
the hostess may remove one course and
substitute another with little effort.
Where the service la elaborate It Is
often cumbersome to have all the silver
for individual use put in place at the be
ginning. In such cases it Is desirable to
serve the hostess first, that by her own
use she may Indicate the proper fork or
spoon to be used for each course. A safe
general rule for table service Is to place
everything ready for use Pasg at the ieft
the dishes to which the person helps him
self, but place individual portions, such
as the plate of soup or cup of coffee, at
the right hand. Before serving another
course everything relating to the one pre
ceding should be rejnoved; ordinarily tha
soiled dishes before each individual are
removed at the left hand.
A simple dinner consists of three
courses — soup, roast and dessert. The
same foundation is retained for more
elaborate menus, but other courses aro
placed between these principal ones:
Relish.
Soup.
Fish.
Roast.
Salad.
Dessert.
Coffee.
Some housekeepers seem to care mov«
for the form and ceremony of a meal than
they do for the quality of the food? which,
are served. To save the trouble of carv
ing and apportioning the different courses
service a la Russe Is very popular, and to
this perhaps we owe the popularity of
small molds and individual portions, even
when a dish Is served at the table. Gar
nishes should be simple and edible; there
is a tendency toward excessive garnlsa
sometimes seen which Is really tawdry
and interferes with tha best appearance
of the food itself.
Courses should offer a contrast both In,
appearance and flavor; brown and white
effects should alternate. In family life,
where the meat is especially substantial,
like roast goose or pork, the vegetables
and dessert should be carefully selected
to balance this. On the other hand, if
fish takes the place of meat the dessert
may be more substantial.
The housekeeper who would preserve a
well balanced style of life for herself, her
maids, her family and guests should oc
casionally ask herself such questions as
these:
Is the furniture In the dining room
placed with reference to the saving of
steps?
Are dishes and their contents selected
with reference to fashion, or to tha real
needs and comfort of the household?
What is the standard of table service,
comfort or fashion?
Is there danger that the method of
serving food is absorbing more of your
attention than the Quality of tho food It
self?
Boston, Mass.
Courses of Instruction.
Antumn-Wlnter Term. 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular Stud
ies In Shakespeare. Tuesdays: Ths
World'B Great Artists. Wednesdays:
Desk Studies for Girls and Shop and
Trade Studies for Boys. Fridays: Great
American Statesmen. Saturdays: Home
Science and Household Economy. These
courses will continue until February 15.
1900. Examinations will be held at ttelr
close as a basis for the granting of cer
tificates.
CLERK RUSSELL ON DUTY.
Popular Official Returns to His Post
After a Long Illness.
John A. Russell, chief clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, who has been con
fined to his home with a severe attack of
paralysis during the past two months, re
turned to his post of duty yesterday morn-
Ing. While Mr. Russell's condition has
been Berlous It has never been considered
dangerous, and with proper attention he
will soon be entirely recovered. He was
kept busy all day receiving the congratu
lations of his friends, the attaches of the
office and the members of the board, who
all expressed their satisfaction at seeing
the popular official on duty once again.
¦CvTc/i/nn«i Fond P arents »n
/their children well
Of dressed. There are
proper styles for the
fL- little ones Just as
I/Jo > we n aa f or prown-
up people. It Is aa
Aittle OneS. easy to have the
tots In fashion aa
out, and then. tr>o, they look no much
prettier. In next Sunday's call there will
appear a page devoted to the most styl-
ish garbs for children. Illustrated by re-
markably clear and well selected photo-
jrraphs and printed as sharply aa the best
fashion plates in the country. Just up to
date, tool
» • ¦
In France the long rubber tubes t» In-
fants' feeding bottles are prohibited.
????»»?»???? ?????????????????????????????????<^» .
AN HONEST DRUGGIST i!
4 >
< >
WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU {)
4 ?
— _. 4 >
If you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water. ;;
Others will give you a cheap substitute on which they < •
make a few cents more profit. ',' i ; \ \
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders::
Hunyadl Janoa Has No Equal. V,
AFTER DR. GARDNER'S SCALP.
Gage Wants to Make Dr. Dozier Su
perintendent at Napa.
The habeas corpus case of Hugh
Buchanan still occupies the attention of
the Justices of the Supreme Court. It also
Is bringing to the front the apparent fact
that Governor Gage Is Interested In oust
ing Dr. A. M. Gardner, superintendent of
the Napa Asylum for the Insajie. In order
to give his friend Dr. L.. F. Dozler the
place. It will be remembered that Buchan
an killed a man in Marysville four years
ago, and during hi 3 trial It developed that
he was insane, for so a number of the
beat medical experts of the State testified
at the time. He was sent to Napa. from
which asylum his friends and other in
terested parties seek to have him released,
claiming that he is sane and that Dr.
Gardner is illegally restraining him of hJs
liberty. If this could be proved tr> th©
satisfaction of the Justices Dr. Gardner's
tenure of office would be short.
At the examination yesterday Dr. J. W.
Robertson testified that the man is in
sane, and he was substantiated by other
eminent experts on mental diseases. Dr.
Dozier, the first assistant superintendent
at the asylum, claiming to be an expert
on such matters, declared that Buchanan
is sane. Dr. Dozler and his superior, so it
Is well understood, are "at outs." not even
consulting about the cases In their charge.
It is also conceded that Dr. Dozier Is very
friendly with Governor Gage, and that if
Dr. Gardner could be ousted Dozier would
be promoted to the first position. Hence
the difference of "opinions" between tha
two doctors at the asylum as to Buchan
an's sanity. The case goes on again Tues
day, when Dr. Gardner will give his views
on the petitioner's sanity.
FREUD IS PRESIDENT OF
CIVIL SERVICE BOARD
HIS COLLEAGUES INDUCE HIM
TO ACCEPT THE HONOR. .
Competitive Examination for Secre
tary to Be Held N«xt Monday
Morning in the Mills
Building.
At a meeting of the Civil Service Com
missioners yesterday Richard J. Freud
was elected president of the board. He
concluded tot accept the honor only after
much persuasion on the part of his col
leagues, Commissioners Qulnn and Mc-
Carthy.
The Commissioners decided to hold the
competitive examination for the office of
chief examiner and secretary of the com
mission on next Monday morning at 9
o'clock in the temporary office of the com
mission, Mills building, seventh floor, room
7. Citizens desirous of entering into this
competitive examination may apply at
the office for the necessary blanks to be
filled out before the examination takes
place. These application blanks will be
ready for distribution to-day, and each
applicant will also be advised of the scope
of the proposed examination, which will
embrace questions pertaining to the va
rious departments of the city government
under the new municipal charter.
Through the courtesy of the Election
Commissioners the board has secured of
fices in the basement of the City Hall,
opposite the registration office, and will
occupy them next Monday at noon. A
clerk will be provided for the registration
of applicants for the position of laborer.
Application blanks will be ready for dis
tribution to applicants for entrance into
the civil Bervlce of the municipality.
GRAND JURY COMMITTEES.
The New Body Will Pursue Its In
vestigations.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon and resolved itself into the follow
ing committees for the investigation of
the various offices and departments dur
ing its official term, the chairman and
secretary being ex-offlclo members of all
committees:
Board of Publlo Works and Park Commis
sion—W. F. Ambrose (chairman). B. H. Par
rieh. M. M. Regensburger.
Dives and Social Evils— C. F. liurmann
(chairman), Henry Whltely and Alfred J. Van-
Fire Deportment, Fire Alarm and Fire Mar
shal—P. D. Code (chairman). Paul Kingston
and J. H. Bremer. i' v d'i
Recorder. Election Commissioners and Pub
llo Administrator— George H. Luchslnger
(chairman), H. J. Burns and Conrad Herrmann.
KherlK and County Jails— H. J. Burns (chair
man), Conrad Herrmann and A. Repsold.
Tax and License Collector— Paul Kingston
(chairman), M. M. Regena burger and John H.
Bremer.
Board of Education and Schools—^. H. Bre
mer (chairman), C. R. Wlnslow and Paul Klnc-
AEsessor, Auditor and Treasurer— M. M. Res
enßburger (chairman), P. D. Code and H. M.
Coroner and Morgue— A. Repsold (ohalrman).
L. Altachul and George H. L.uchslnger.
Courts, Superior. Justice and Police — B. P.
Flint (chairman), Charle» I* Field and O. F,
Lurmann.
County Clerk, Justices Clerk and Police De
partment—Conrad Herrmann (chairman). E. H.
Parrish and W. F. Ambrose.
District Attorney and City anfl County At
torney—A. L. Vander White (chairman), E. R.
Rock and B. P. Flint.
Public Library and Magdalen Asylum— L.
Altschul (chairman), A. Repeold and P. D.
Code.
Health Department, Almshous« and City
Physician— H. N. "Whltely (chairman), C. I*.
Field and C. R. Wlnelow.
Mayor, Civil Service and Board of Supervi
sors—E. H. Parrish (chairman), Alfred Vandei
White and W. F. Ambrose.
WEBSTER DOES
NOT AGREE WITH
NEW OFFICIALS
Deputies' Salaries in
Controversy.
DENMAN BEHIND TROUBLE
The economical plans of School Dlrec
tor-to-be James Denman have set the In
coming Board of Education up against
Superintendent Webster, and the row that
Is on between the two branches of the
city's educational department is a merry
one. Denman has publicly announced
that he considers $150 per month enough
salary for any of the deputies Webster
proposes to appoint. About all they will
have to do, according to Mr. Denman, Is
visit the schools daily and make monthly
or bi-monthly reports, and he does not
see why they should command higher pay
than the average principal of a grammar
school.
Superintendent Webster, to use the par
lance of the day, says Mr. Denman is a
"lobster" and ought to have been out of
the school business the day he entered it.
Also he says he will not demean himself
by asking any one to work as his deputy
for a paltry hundred and a half, ana he
is demanding of the new board that It fix
the monthly stipend at Just $100 more.
Webster Borne time ago proffered three of
his four deputyships to L. A. Jordan, his
present assistant; W. A. Kingsbury and
C. L. Walker. At that time it was fig
ured that the salary would be $250 a
month, and all of the three promptly ac
cepted. k
Then Denman made known his economi
cal tendency and Kingsbury and Walker
promptly declined to serve for any such
amount. Jordan as promptly accepted.
Webster took up the fight and has an
nounced that unless the salaries are fixed
at at least $200 a month he will not make
an appointment and the School Depart
ment will have to do without deputies and
shoulder the responsibility. The board
will, hold a quiet little caucus this after
noon, and it is the intention of Webster
to appear before it and make formal de
mand for $250 a month, with an alterna
tive compromise of $200. If he fails on
both figures he will give official notice
that he will make no appointments and
will leave that matter solely with the
board.
Director Cecil Mark Is already at
swords' points with two of the new mem
bers. When they met the other day to
draw lots for the long and short terms
Mark got the two-year term and Mrs.
Mary Klncald got the one-year slip. Mark
did some quick figuring and after a painful
few minutes gallantly offered to exchange
with Mrs. Klncald. That lady at first re
fused to accept, but upon pressure by
Mark finally succumbed and exchanged!
Now Mrs. Klncaid's friends are sore for
the reason that they are of the opinion
that Mark wanted the short term because
Mayor Phelan will have the appointment
of his successor, and he figures upon get
ting the appointment. At the end of the
first year the short term Director will be
succeeded by himself, or another, for a
term of four years. The first year will
end under Mayor Phelan's administration,
and Mark figures that he Is strong enough
to pick the plum, and his confreres say he
was figuring on five years in office when
he urged Mrs. Kincaid to exchange. The
Mayor Is hoping, however, that to-day's
little caucus will heal all dissensions and
Sut the new board on a smooth running
asls.
The new Fire Commission has had sev
eral quiet meetings during the past few
days, and it is practically settled that
George Maxwell, v the present secretary,
shall succeed himself. Mr. Maxwell has
been an excellent and efficient officer, and
notwithstanding that the "organization"
is said to have promised his place to F. B.
Perkins, the deputy County Treasurer,
three of the commission are with Max
well, and that is enough to elect him.
Mayor Phelan. accompanied by his at
torney, Daniel Murphy, visited the health
office at noon yesterday and expressed a
desire to see one of the members of the
Health Board. Health Officer Lawlor told
the Mayor that none of the members were
present, and the latter remarked that he
presumed that the published stories to the
effect that the Health Board would refuse
to surrender their offices were untrue.
Dr. Lawlor replied that the intention of
the board which he served was simply t«
retain possession until a grave question
of law had been decided by the courts.
Upon the Mayor asking for information
on this point Bookkeeper Edward Niles,
who has studied up the matter, answered:
"Section 19 of the constitution of the
State holds that the Legislature must pro
vide sanitary protection in all cities and
counties."
Attorney Murphy claimed that the char
ter repealed all Legislative enactments,
but Kilos answered that the charter was
in direct conflict with the constitution,
and the proposition would have to be set
tled on these lines.
Later the Mayor stated that he would
meet the Board of Health at Its session
to-day at noon and ascertain If some set
tlement could not be made.
ference with the Indignant committ«emen
from the districts. It is further told that
the committeemen who attended the secret
meeting became hysterical In their anx
iety. They refused to accept the general
statement of Jasper McDonald that Mayor
Phejan intended to recognize the organiza
tion, but resolved that a committee should
see the Mayor and demand such recogni
tion. The committee was directed to make
a report to the district leaders at some
time not later than Saturday, January
6, 1900.
As the Reform Democrats, with the as
sistance of weak-ln-the-splne Republi
cans, carried every Assembly district In
San Francisco for Mayor Phelan, every
district is entitled to recognition. States
men of Democratic faith will not listen to
the Phelan plaint that there is no pie in
the new charter. They hold that the pie
is big enough to go round if the cor
morants north of Market street are
clubbed away from the counter.
Before the election many of the Demo
cratic statesmen who assembled last
"Wednesday night at Native Sons' Hall
were spoken of derisively as Job-chasers.
They went into the fight for progressive
government and fat offices, with Mayor
Phelan on the pie wagon at the head of
the column, and now they propose that
their young and brilliant leader shall ap
portion the spoils of conquest. Whatever
the followers of Phelan were In theory
before election, it is plain now that they
are job-chasers In practice. The Mayor
cannot dodge Hassett's committee by re
treating to the Pacific-Union Club or tak
ing shelter under the wings of the owl at
the Bohemian. Tho members of the com
mittee are out for the promised Jobs, and
are prepared to pursue the Mayor to the
platform of the proposed pro-Boer meet-
Ing. Phelan, indeed, is hard pressed. His
people at home are clamoring for office,
and from far away South Africa comes
the cry from Hearst, "Esola must be ap
pointed Chief of Police."
In yesterday's Call Charles Fay was
given credit for having an ambition to be
appointed secretary of the new Park Com
mission. This was an error. It is Phil
Fay, Charlie's brother, who aspires for
the plum. Charles will remain as he is—
Mayor Phelan's confidential secretary and
right-hand man.
Securities and Interest Money Driven Away
by Bad System.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
QUESTIONS OF OUR CITY'S GOVERNMENT
TAXING ITS OWN BONDS
ROBS STATE OF WEALTH
Millions Are Wasted Every Decade to Enrich Bond
Bayers of the East on Whom Golden
Showers Descend.
"tT JS T iit.fi the bonds recently authorized by the city and
»i\ I county of San Francisco are issued there -will be upward
of $15,000,000 of the bonds — State, county and munic
ipal — representing the people of the State of California, which will,
as the Btate constitution now stands, pay interest principally to
the Eastern buyers of bonds, tho tax upon them crowding them out
of this State and preventing the savings banks from holding
them. This condition compels the taxpayers to raise more money
In taxes to pay interest on the bonds than would be the case if the
bonds were not taxable; also a steady drain on the resources of the
Btate goes on, and, in addition, the purpose of the tax is largely de
feated by persons who, taking the bonds out of the State, are able
to conceal them and so evade taxation. San Francisco is interested
to the extent of over $11,000,000.
'TN many quarters there are indications
! I that a strong movement will be made
I in support of the proposed constitu
r tional amendment in this State which
?J«rovKse* that all bonds hereafter issued
fby the State of California, or by any
•county, municipal corporation or district,
"including school, reclamation and irriga
|tlon districts, within the commonwealth,
f hall be free and exempt from taxation.
This is proposed as a new section of ar
licle XIII of the constitution. It will be
Voted upon at the November election.
Tne Merchants Association of San
Francisco, the Bank Commissioners, the
officers and directors of savings banks in
this city and In other parts of the State
end ilaj or Phelan are among those who
are earnestly urging the doing away with
taxation upon all State, county and muni
cipal bonds. The general argument ad
vanced in favor of the exemption from
taxation of the classes of bonds enumer
ated is that the tax drives the securities
cut of the State, and that, as a conse
quence, there is a continual and wholly
Unnecessary drain upon tha State to pay
Interest money to the foreign holders of
the bonds.
The followlns argument has also been
tiscd: California bonds, being sold abroad,
have their value determined by the esti
mation in which they axe held where they
tre best known. 1 here being no large
home market for California bonds, they
Co not enjoy as good credit as the bonda
cf Eastern Statts. To make bonds at
tractive to purchasers in this State, and
fco keej> them at home, there must be
&dded to a. fair rats of Interest at least
the average rate of taxation. Conse
quently the rate upon all State, county
und municipal bones Issued in this State
eince 157S>. for interest, has been at least 1
l>er cent higher than it would have been
had not the bonds been subject to taxa
tion.
it has bepn treed tli.it tho tar hns An-
it nas Deen urgea uiat tne tax has de
feated itself. "Not one-fourth of this
extra 1 per cent in interest," said Lovell
White, in an address to bankers some
time ago, "has been recovered in taxes
j«Ud on the bonds, and the small amount
*>r> realized, or at least I*7 per cent of It.
Instead of finding its way to the counties
and municipalities ihat paid the extra in
lerest, goes Into the treasury of the city
fend county of San Francisco, thereby
l-obbing Peter, who is supposed to be rela
tively poor, of a very large sum to pay
& very email amount to Paul, who is com
iiaratively in eaay circumstances."
A circular letter has been addressed by
lhe editor of The Call to the appropriate
officers of the several counties and muni
cipalities of the State to ascertain the
tanount. &s nearly as possible, that an
r.ually goes out of the State in payment
>cf the interest on the State, county and
tnunlcipal bonds. The general conclusion
Its that, counting In ,the bonds that this
city and county has Just voted, which
amount to over $11,0'»,000, the Interest on
Il6.twO.VjO is about to -low out of the State
on account of the bonds described before.
The large bond issues of this city and
county *ust voted have awakened much
Sresttjer attention In regard to this matter
than had previously been manifested.
The community next to San Francisco
most interested in the payment of Interest
on municipal bonds is Ivos Angeles. Ac
cording tv the latest official returns the
net bonded debt of Los Angeles is about
$1,572,000. The bonds represented In this
total were 4 p*r cents, 4Vfc per cents and 5
per cents, with the exception of a small
old lspue amounting to $SOOO on which the
interest rate is 7 per cent. Practically all
this interest money goes out of the State.
There is no doubt that all the interest
en the new bond issues of San Franclrco
•will also go out of the State under the
existing conditions. The rates of interest
on the San Francisco issues of latest
authorization are: On the improvement
bonds, 3 per cent; on the park extension
bonds, 34 per cent. The lowest State and
county tax would not fall under V-/» per
cent. This would not let the California
holder of the bonds get over 2 per cent
net on the higher interest bonds and lty
per cent on the lower interest bearing
ones. No savings bank would hold them,
because the banks are compelled to make
several reports per annum to the Bank
Commissioners showing up all their assets
and other items of material concern, and
the bonds could not escape taxation while
in the hands of the banks.
The responses to the circular letter sent
out by the editor of The Call were qu't«
general. The answers In several instances
illustrated the fact that It is very difficult
to locate the bonds after they have been
sold. The holders, wherever they are,
dodge the payment of the tax. If they
are In the East they find evasion easy.
Some time ago a plan was proposed by
Professor Plehn of the State Lniverslty
to deduct the tax from the Interest be
fore the interest was paid to the bond
holder, and he had an idea that this would
reach the foreign holder as well as the
owner of bonds at home. This plan has
never been adopted. Where many of the
bonds of the State, counties and munici
palities are no one is able to say. This
has made it difflcult for the county and
municipal officials, when answering the
queries of The Call, to give definite in
formation.
Some of the larger amounts of bonds
of the classes referred to that are held
outside of the State and draw Interest out
of the State are as follows: Kern County,
$225.00}, purchased In Chicago, interest
rate *\i per cent; city of Alameda, $51,000,
held in New York; Hanford, Kings Coun
ty, $2^,000, held in New York; Santa Rosa,
$240, w0, held in New York; Santa Barbara,
$45,O>>\ held in Chicago and Denver, draw-
Ing 5 per cent interest: Woodland, $78,000,
sold to Rollins & Co.; Watsonvllle, $40,000;
Marysvllle, $25,000; Lakeport, $15,400; Napa
City, $17,500, at 5 per cent:" Nevada City,
$60,u00; Pasadena, $7a,676; Qulncy. Plumas
County, $35,100: Redlands, 165,000; Redwood
City. Ktf.GOu ; Salinas, $C 8,000; San Bernar
dino, $$0,000; San Diego, $2b3,000; San Luis
Obispo, $116,000.
There are other communltiea in the
State having quite large sums outstand
ing in bonds, but from these no Informa
tion has been definitely received as to
where the interest is paid. The State has
$400,000 of the ferry bonds, issued to raise
the money for the ferry building, that are
held abroad. Concerning these Controller
Colgan writes: "All State bonds, with
the exception of San Francisco depot
bonds, amounting to $400,000, are held by
the State Treasurer In trust for the
schools and the university. These are as
follows: In trust for the school fund,
funded debt bonds of 1573, $1,626,500; San
Francisco depot bonds, $200,000. In trust
for the university, funded debt bonds of
1573, $751,000. The remaining depot bonds,
amounting to $400,000, were originally held
by Farson, Leech & Co. of Chicago, but
by whom they are held now I cannot cay.
They bear Interest at 4 per cent. The
funded debt bonds bear 6 per cent Inter
est. The county of Sacramento has a
bonded indebtedness of $429,000, of which
the State holds $323,000 In the school fund
The Bond Commissioners of the city of
Sacramento hold $77,000, and the balance
of $£< 500 is held in San Francisco."
Redlands is paying annually to New
York parties the sum of $2900 for interest
on its bonds; Riverside Is paying 5 per
cent on $117,000. The annual interest paid
by San Diego outside of the State is $13,
207. Ban Luis Obispo sends away 5 per
cent on $116,000 annually. The municipal
bonds of Stockton amount to $192,250.
Where the interest is paid does not appear
by the answers received. Uklah sends
$2400 out of the State for interest annu
ally; Watßonvllle sends 5 per cent on $40,
000 to New Jersey; Woodland sends 6 per
cent of $78,000 to Boston. The largest
amount to be paid out annually to foreign
holders of bonds issued in California will
be- paid by San Francisco. This will
amount to *156,M3, of which $86,000 will go
annually for the park bonds and $99,000
annually for the Improvement bonds.
There are some places in the State
where bonds have not been taxed, accord-
Ing to the returns of the officers. One of
theee places is Ventura, where neither
State, county nor municipal bonds have
been assessed in eighteen years. Mayor
Burke of Santa Barbara writes that nei
ther State, county nor municipal bonds
are assessed in the city or county of San
ta Barbara. A Santa Barbara bank holds
111,000 of sewer bonds which are never as
sessed for taxes. Auditor Schauer of San
ta Barbara County takes the same view,
that neither the bonds of county, school
nor municipalities are taxable In this
State.
The total of State, county and municipal
bonds that will soon pay interest abroad
is rather over than under J15.000.000. Aa
has been shown, there Is no way to reach
the exact amount for the reason that the
authorities cay theydo not know where
the bonds are held. But, allowing that the
average interest payment on this sum is
2H per cent per annum, it appears that
the amount of $525,000 will be diverted an
nually to outsiders in interest money, and
the outsiders are able to evade the taxes
by taking the bonds away. At the same
time the California taxpayers are com
pelled to pay a higher rate of tax to meet
the higher rate of interest on the bonds
made necessary by the tax Imposed upon
the bonds.
9There was more activity In securities on that
morning session. Market-Straat Railroad waa
the leading stock, selling from $81 75 down to
$61. Gas & Electric was weaker at $43 t7%9
Business continued good In the afternoon,
though fluctuations were- few. Sprlnr Valler
Water declined to $30 87H-
Best _ Belcher has levied an asseasmaat of
15 cents.
The Apollo Mining Company of At»«fr m {^
declared a dividend of 35 cent* per *__*
amounting to $70,000, payable January S.
The Grass Valley Exploration Company, oper
ating the W. Y. O. D. mine, has declared a
regular quarterly dividend of 23 cent* per
¦hare, payable January 20.
The Nevada National Bank ha* declared «.
¦emi-annual dividend at the rata of 7 per cent
per annum, payable on the 15th.
The First National Bank will pay a *eml
annual dividend of $5 per share on the 10th
The Pacific Lighting tompany paid a divi
dend of 35 cents per share yesterday.
The San Jose Water Company will p»» a
dividend of £0 cents per share on the lOtlL
STOCK AND BOND _Xd__MO_,
~RIDAY. Jaa. S— • 9. a.
Bid. Ask . t Bid. Ask
V S Bond*- Cent LAP. . .. t T «
4* quar coup.. — — iEqult O L Co. 5 Hi
4s quar reg... — 114^ 'Mutual El Co. — 14^
4s quar new... — — OG L & H.... 43 —
8s quar coup.. lo3^ — jPac Gas Imp .40 43
Miscellaneous- p ac Llsrht Co. - 41
S81!;",^S 81 !;",^- 1 * !¦••?_* - sF a - c.... 4sh _%
£.. C t W "S. 5s " 108 ~ San Francisco. 3\ 4
Ed L& P 65..130 - Stockton Gaa.. 12 -
F _ Cl Ry 65.. 115 — I Insurance—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 IFirem'a Fund.. 23) 230
HC _ S 5'i5..112 — j Uank Stocks—
HC & S 55....106i4 — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
L A Ky 5s 103 104 (Bank of Ca1. ..404 —
L A LCo 55.. — — ;cal S D _ T.. — 9S
Do gntd 65.. — — I First Nat10n1.,230 —
Do gntd 55.. — 102 iLon P _ A.. ..131 I_t4
LA_ P R 55. 101 H~>, Merchants' Ex — IS
Market-st 65...1251 i — Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Do Ist M ss..llS>a, — j Savings Banks —
NCN G R 7s. — — Ger S L L...1730 —
NR of Cal 63. — — Hum S_ L. — —
Nlt of Cal ss. 113 114 Mut Say Bk. — —
NPCRR 65.101 — is F Say U.. — —
NPC R R 35.10:»H — ISav & L So. - —
NC R R Gs...H>J — Ifr'ee Say Bk. — —
OGL _ II os.ICS 110 Union T Co. — —
Oak Tran 65... 114 115%] Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 35. .103 — ;raliforn!a 11741C0
Oceanic SS Co. — 105 Geary-st CO —
Om CRy 63... — 1264] Market-st Ry.. 60 T i 6Hm
P„ Cl Rv 65.. — 10S :O S I. & 11....—' 50'
Pk &O Rv 6s. — — Presidio 17U 25
Powell-st R Cs — 121 Powiier Stocks-
Sac El G&Ros — — California 160 ITS
SF & N V i.vl-H — iK Dynamite... Si —
S.F _ SJV 55.11.-i — Olant Con Co.. S.T 94
BRy of Cal Cs.l.w; — Vlfrorit, 3 3'i
S P of A 65... . 109*4 — Susar Stocks—
SP C 65n:«3).10S 110 Hana PCo 7% Ti,
8P C 6sHDfl6>.Ul — Haw C&SCo 87 S7S
SP C 65(1312). — — Hor.okaa S Co. 3Hi —
SPCis cs Is. - — [Hutch S P Co. 2S 28' i
HPHr 6s 124*4 — jKllauea S Co.. — 21U
S V Wat 65. ...1131, _ Makawell SCo 44*4 43
R V Wat 4s 103 — Onomea 9 Co.. S»>^ 2S*i
S V W4s(3dm).lol — PaauhaiT S Co. 23 :?»,
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack A«tsn.ll7H —
Contra Costa.. — 73 |M.»r Xx Assn.. — 100
Mai in County.. SO — lOcnnic S Co.. 93% S.'!*!
Spring Valley. 00H So"i!Pac A F A.... U* 21a
Gas * Electric— jPac C Bor C0..1_ _
Cent Gas C 0... — — JPar Palat Co.. 9^ —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Honokaa S Co jj — ,
23 Hutchtnson S P Co ¦»$ po
80 Market-street Railway ~ jjj
20 Market-street lUllway gi 7-,
10 Market-street Railway \ $i g«i
25 Market-street Railway gt r-'^
10 Market-street Hallway g| ;:>; :>
10 Market-street Railway, b S gi 25
10 Market-street Railway * g« j-mx
100 Market-street Railway gi 00
60 Onomea Sugar Co ] 33 30
50 Onomea Sugar Co " ->^ 3-vi
20 S F Or- & Klectrlc Co ....*.'."." « S7v!
55 S F Gas & Elertric Co. « s 75
6S Spring Valley Water « g;i^
201 Spring Valley Water ' 91 &
$7.000 Market-st Cabla 63 bonds 12550
NEW YORK. Jan. S.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will cay:
Easier conditions In the money market, to
gether with the effective support from leading
Interests in the industrial and railroad share
lists, Dartlcularly the Vanderbllt trunk lines,
gave a good tone to the market at the begin
ning of the year. The transactions of last
Saturday were of the usual limited kind in ad
vance of two days' holiday, but prices were
firm, and the feeling of the market Indicated a
belief that the financial situation had Improved.
This Impression was not negatived by the
weekly bank statement, although the changes
In the averaces for the week were not of very
signal character. On Tuesday, when the Ex
change reopened, professional buying was In
evidence, while, money, apart from come tern
temporary Irregularity, ruled at about 6 per
cent; and the foreign markets were generally
calm, with some slight indications of bullish
ness. Quotations thereupon advanced through
out the list, attention being given to special
securities, of which the Pacific railroads, the
Vanderbllt trunk line stocks and the steel and
tobacco Industrials were the most prominent. A
declining tendency in Brooklyn Rapid Transit
bad no effect on the rest of the list, and that
stocTc re<»vered later, mainly upon the cover-
Ing by the short Interest In it. It was notice
able, however, that the market. In spite of Us
relatively fair degree of activity, was extremely
professional, and that the public's part in the
movement, as indicated by the transactions
carried out by the commission houses, was, on
the whole, small. London purchased a few
stocks, but Its chief influence on the market
came from the easing oft of discount rates In
the open market, and the more cheerful specu
lative sentiment which developed with the news
that some. success had attended the maneuvers
of the British forces In South Africa. On
Wednesday afternoon, however, there was a
change In the attitude of our snarket, which
had its origin abroad. It would seem that the
money market conditions at Berlin have not
improved, and that the seizure of a German
vessel carrying supplies to the Transvaal was
regarded as likely to put a strain upon the al
ready difficult relations between Germany and
Great Britain. At all events, heavy sales of
German holdings of American stocks were
noted In both London and New York, and the
market lost a considerable part of Its previous
Improvements. Vague report* of British re
verses In the South African war added to the
uncertainty, while the fact that in spite of
easier rates for money In London exchange ad
vanced more or less also had its effect On
Thursday the market presented further Indica
tions of an incipient break, owing to further
decline* In price* for. Americans in London, but
before the day ended a decided rally set In
under the lead of the trunk lines stocks. This
was due largely to reports that some Important
arrangements had been effected which are cal
culated to improve the already harmonious re
lations of the leading trunk line properties.
It Is also thought- that, the announcement of
the transfer of the electric light organization
created by the leading interests in Metropolitan
Traction, to the Consolidated Gas, will teed to
bring about an early settlement of the New
York gaa war.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Bradstreet's review of
bank clearings for 1599 shows that the totalof
the United States was $93,504,332,656, an Increase
of $25.004,&96,426 over the total of 1898. New York
ranks first among the cities, with a total for
the year of $60,761,791,900; Boston is second, with
$7,086,293,271, and Chicago Is third, with $6 si?
313.611. The clearings for 1599 were more than"
double those for 1594. Boston in 1599 moved
ahead of Chicago, the latter city dropping to
third place. Philadelphia. St. Louis. PittsbW
Baltimore," San Francisco, Cincinnati Kansni
City and Minneapolis maintain the rank hell
in IS9B Cleveland, which was In tWrteen h
place In 1898, however, moved •up to twelfth
place, displacing New Orleans, which 1? now
thirteenth. Detroit also gained at the expense
of Louisville, and Omaha, which was sixteenth
In IS9S. fell two places in 1E99. Buffalo gained
one point at the expense of St. Paul. Denver
and Richmond also moved up. St. Joseph mads
a further gain over the notable Jump that city
took in 1898, and 1* now twenty-fourth In the
list. a« compared with fortieth in 1897. The
heaviest increase wu that of t6 per cent, shown I
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— FLOUR— Receipts, 11,
297 barrels; exports. 15.697 barrels; rather quiet,
and at the close weaker in tone, with a disposi
tion to cut prices because of the drop in Wheat.
Minnesota patents. $3 So@4 05.
WHEAT— Receipts. 6400 bushels; exports, 32,
65S bushels. Spot, steady v . No. 2 red, 760 f. o. b.
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79VJc f. o. b.: No. 1
hard Duluth. Sl%c f. o. b.; No. 2 red. 73c ele
vator. Options opened easy, and, with little
exception, were weak all day, particularly
when liquidation developed and the bears made
a vlrorous- attack,' 1 Weakness abroad, dlsap
poir.tlng Argentine news, a break In Provisions,
light clearances and Northwest selling all con
tributed to the heaviness. The close w»s weak
-t H©%c decline, except March, which was
steady and unchanged on the strength of cash
property. March 75* i 4276 c, closed. 75% c; May
74%<fi"5 3-16 c, closed 74^c; July closed at 74% c.
WOOU-Dull
COFFEE— Option* closed firm, with prices
unchanged to 20 points higher. Total sales, IS.-
COO bags, including January. $6 15^6 20; March,
$6 40: May. $fi5OS«55; June, $6 55; September.
$6 70>S'6 75; November, $6 75<3'6 80; December,
*655. _. .
Spot Coffee— Rio. firm: No. 7 Invoice. 7%c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c. Mild, firm; Cordova, 8®
V.ic .
SUGAR— Raw, eteady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3528 packages; market
strong. June creamery, 27^4c; Western cream
ery. 24<<J30c; factory. lG<_22c.
EGGS— Receipts. 4225 packages; market firm.
Western.' 2s@2Cc, loss oft; Western ungraded at
mark. l«S24c.
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated Apples continue quiet and un
changed, with no new features noted. Califor
nia Fruits, firm, but not notably higher. .
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6S6NIC; prime, 6%®7c; choice, "%@$Y A c: fancy.
SliSSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3tf®Sc per
lb, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13W 15c: Moorpark, 15(515c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@22c; unpeeled, 7si©loc.
New York Metal Market.
¦ NEW .YORK,' Jan. ' 6.— Tin . broke badly to-day
In sympathy with unfavorable foreign news
New York Grain and Produce.
New York Stock Market.
NKW TOP.X. Jan. E.— Prices of stocks trav
«r?=ed a considerable range to-day, moving
forward in the early dealings and- then pur
ruing a retrograde course to about last night's
level. The deduction to be drawn is that
professional trader* are disinclined to under
take extensive speculative commitments. The
most effective influence toward this disposition
is the conviction that the mor.ey markets of
the world are not yet in condition to afford
abundant fund* for Fpeculation on credit. The
Incident which pointed this moral was the un
expected proportions of the gold engagements
for to-morrow's eteamer, mounting up to $3.
6fo.w*3. as compared with preliminary estimates
of R.0W.000. Large engagements were made in
tplte of F.-ip-jring interest rates in lyondon and
a rharp decline in the discount rate at Ber
lin. It if evident, therefore, that the British
Government designs abundant u»e for large
additional funds and that available gold sup
plies will be drawn to London as far as r>o«
eihle. Fuch a prospect makes definitely arainst
the probability of an easy money market
In New York !n rpite of the replenishment
which various factors are now bringing to this
cer.t*r. The cause of the morning's strength
In the »tock market was the cessation of the
eell'.nr prr-esure trr Berlin account. The ab-
eorption of NVw York <"Vntrßl stocks in the
eympathetlc efff-ct upon the whole railroad list
continued. The reaction pr-ined force with the
Bold engagemeats and the bears were dis
posed to take advantage of the scare to de-
I-.rp^s !n<lu*trla]f-, notably Rupar and the steel
and iron storks. Rumor* were ¦ circulated that
n*»- difficult!** -would r>* encountered in effect
lnfr the distribution of dividends on the com
mon storks of iron and steel companies, which
It hap been represented was 6oon to l>e made.
Official <sift?'almers that any f=uch difflcuitles
«-ere apprehended failed to caaw any complete
recovery In the stocks affected. The closing
of the market was. however, firm, but very
dull, and net change*, aside from the indus
trials, were not Important. The week's regu
lar currency movement by express has been
largely in favor of the bank*, the outgo having
fallen to Icfs than a million dollars, so that
the week's pain! 1 from that source is estimated
af over 53.0W.000, not counting receipt* by
r*gistered mail, which last wepk were oon
elderaMe. In a edition the banks have gained
from 'he mb-trearury J236.000. But $3,000,000
of gold exported last week rr.UFt be reckoned;
that locs on all accounts Is figured at $1,500,000
at least. Whether this has been offset by loan
contraction i«< doubtful, in view of the week*
activity in the fto<-k market.
. The b->nd market wan dull and irregular.
Total sales, j.ar value. $1,363,000.
United State* ?,* <re<rlsu-red) and the new 4s
advanced >« la the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
6_ Atchlson 49%
16.CG0 Atch'fion prefd Cli
4.241 P-altimore A Ohio 17%
Canadian PaeiKc 9114
f.OO Canada Southern 4»^
liuao Chesapeake & Ohio 31' i
I.WiO Chicago Grout Western J2-i
14.758 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy ....1.122\
Chic In 4 _ Louisville isi
IM> Chic lnd _ LoulFvllle prefd 47
Chicago & Ea^t Illinois 88
4<*) Chicago & Northwestern 1C2%
8.450 Chicago Hock Inland _ Pacific IM"^
16.050 C C C & St Louii C4-V
Z.i'3o Colorado Southern ',- i\
Colo Southern lFt prefd 40%
....... Colo Pouth'-rn 2d prefd 15,1^
2.100 l>laware & Hudson lit'
I.SW Del Lack & Wejrtern 177
....... Dt-nver & X O IS
< 250 Denver _ It G rrefd, ex filv ega;
Erie 11 .
TOO Hrle Ist prefd 82^
130 Great Northern prefd 171
........ Hocking Coal IS
110 Hocking VaJley 82
Illinois Central : 1:2
jriQ Icwa Central prefd 61
049 Kan* City Pitts * Gulf 8%
1.250 Lake Erie _ Wowetrn 241^
300 L E & Western prefd H%
I_ke Shore 200
A CCO Louiavitle _ Nashville ?»%
S.OTO Manhattan L i>s%
l,T2a Metropolitan Street Hallway 176
'„; Mexican Central • ll*i
100 Minn & St Louts f.S%
Mina & St Loul* prefd 53%
£C_ Missouri Pacific iV%
Mobile & Ohio .'. tt%
ICO Missouri Karsi* & Texa* i<>
M 0 M X _ T prefd 32%
4'i New Jersey Central JlC^
n/20 New York Central i:<_
2>© Norfolk _ Western 24-»
I.l*o Norfolk & Western prefd C&_
C.Kfl Northerji Pacific '*¦*%
!.:.- Northern Pacific prefd 73H
2 ISS Ontario *.- Western 21T»
X>reer:n Railway _ Nar 42
Oregon Railway _ Nay prefd ... 76
7.C70 Pennsylvania 132>4
2M) Reading J7%
t.l'JO Rearting lrt prefd li\i
120 P.cadlng 2d rrefd 28!4
....... P.lo Graade Western Si ¦,
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Failures In 1899 were 9393 In number, with
liabilities of $123,132,689. The last 'days of the
year added a few to the number and some
millions to the known liabilities of firms and
banks which failed close to the end. so that
commercial defaults reached $50,979,889, of
which $30,792,164 were in manufacturing, $48.
924,771 In trading and $11,162,934 in brokerage,
promoting and other commercial liabilities.
Most people in business have been s3s 3 occu
pied with their accounts and the settlements
of the past year that little new business has
yet been done. No new tendency In manu
facture or In trading appears and lesß change
than was anticipated In money markets.
There Is nothing unsound In the business of
the great Industries, but an extensive revision
of prices may disappoint extreme expectations.
Two ways of stimulating business are adopted.
The Iron Age notices "transactions of magni
tude in foundry iron, which indicate that some
sellers are willing to make concessions to
secure the trade of good customers."
Hut the steel and wire company has ad
vanced prices of wire nails, barbed and smooth
wire 25 cents. Bessemer pig Is not higher than
it was six months ago and steel plates have
declined from $3 10 to $2 25 at Philadelphia,
bars at Plttsburg from $2 23 to $2 13 and sheets
from ?3 15 to $2 80, while the structural and
rail producers have refused to advance
prices. Some new business is reported,
but not enough as yet to indicate the tendency.
In tin. after a fall from 33c to 25c, the price
rises to J25 23, with Ix>ndon, and In copper
Jl6 50.1s quoted Instead of $18 50 a month ago.
The' disposition to ask higher prices is seen
In boot 3 and shoes, 20c advance being asked on
some tor which 17%e was asked and paid In
November. The yielding In hides at Chicago,
In spite of short receipts because warm weather
has checked killing by farmers, has reached
6 per cent In the past month. Cotton goods
are at the highest ¦ quotations of last year,
with good demand, though cotton has declined
a little. But the goods were at no time ad
vanced quite In proportion to the material and
are in that sense cheaper now than a year
ago. Woolen goods are also much lower with
respect to wool than a year ago and some
further advance has been expected. Wool Is
strongly held, though pricea of a month ago
cannot be obtained. Cotton does not rise
further because receipts from plantations have
somewhat increased and accounts of large
stocks at many small towns have attracted
attention. At Southern mills which can easily
supply themselves with large stocks from the
surrounding country without passing the cot
ton through any market or drawing it ifhtll
it Is wanted many have done so far their pro
tection against the publicly announced com
bination last fall to raise prices. These mills
consumed laat year 1.400,000 bales, but are
reckoned as having taken for this year's crop
only 491.000 bales.
Wheat still moved very sluggishly, with small
change in prices. In six months of the crop
year about 99,000.000 bushels, flour Included,
have been exported, against 123,000,1)00 last year.
Atlantic exports have now fallen to only 2.050,
926 bushels for the week, against 6.214,420 last
year, and Pacific exports were 531,225, against
614.833 last year. The price is practically un
changed, as also for corn, of which 3,923.195
bushels have been exported for the week,
against 3,572,412 last year.
Failures for the week have been 273 In the
United States, against 243 laat year, and 25
In Canada, against 24 last year.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.— Th« following table,
compiled by Bradatreet, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cltlea for the week ended
January 4. 1900, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, aa compared with the corre
apondlng weak laat year:
Percentage*
Cltlea— inc. l>t<i.
New York 0.117.47«.»3 .... " J. 6
Boston 139.817.H0 ..... 1.4
Chicago... 183.033.656 " 4.T ....
Philadelphia 86,007,361 13.7 ....
St. Louis ' £5,272,124 ¦ 14.2
Plttsburg 25.945,632 27.6
Baltimore 23.083,630 7.2
San Francisco •¦ 20.745.69S 31.8 ....
Cincinnati 16,948,650 20.7' ....
Kansas City 11.975.622 25.2
New Orleans 10 552.426 .... ' 1T. 9
Minneapolis ........ 6,600,756 .... 3.2
Detroit 8,738,341 24.1 ....
Cleveland 10.476,184 13.8
Louisville 8.094.670 15.1 ....
Providence 6.645.900 .... ....
Milwaukee 6,044,013 3.4
6t. Paul 4,676.452 6.8 ....
Buffalo 5.282,600 7.3 ....
Omaha 6.581,766 " 18.0
Indianapolis 8,089,893 32.4 , ....
Columbus, 0. ....... 5.795.0C0 20.1 ....
Savannah 3.723.857 89.8
Denver 4.536.454 60.3 ....
Hartford.-. 3.745.347 .... * 6.9
Richmond .......... 3.522,221 ....' 6.3
Memphis 2.235.213 ' 14.5
Washington 2.704,909 39.8 ¦.:..¦
Peorta- 2,122.196 2.4 ....
Rochester 2.474.224 6.0
New Haven 1,655.531 .... 23.7
Worcester 1,453.478 .... 16.1
Atlanta 1,867,722 .... 0.2
Salt Lake City 2.292.09S 18.8
Springfield. Mass... 1.801.736 .... 10.4
Fort Worth 1,594,169 6.5 ....
Portland. Me 1,319.924 .... 28.4
Portland, Or 1,879,736 ....
St. Joseph 3.732.193 €8.0
Los Angeles 1.941,107 11.4 ....
Norfolk 1.325.160 17.1 ....
Syracuse 1,533,261 20.1 ....
Dcs Molnes 1.649.832 .... 40.0
Nashville 1.580,594 6.7
Wilmington, Del... 1.193.424 30.8
Fall River 864,148 .... 39.7
Scranton 1.207.418 13.3
Grand Rapids 1,122.319 16.4
Augusta, Ga 916,069 27.5
Lowell 633.471 .... 1.8
Dayton, 0 1,181,690 31.9
Seattle 1,755.029 76.0 ....
Tacoma 555.359 64.1 ....
Bpokane 1,170,012 .... 8.5
Kloux City 971.220 6.S
New Bedford 468,211 23.6
Knoxvllle, Term.... 677,948 6.4
Topeka 621.781 35.2
Birmingham £69.539 ; 63.2 ....
Wichita 466.510 67.6
Blnghamton 473. 500 6.5
Lexington. Ky 433.158 51.9 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 318.460 37. 6
Kalamazoo 409.773 8.7 ....
Akron. 0 357.000 22.2
Chattanooga 351,082 12.8
Rockford. 11l 224.306 4.6 '
Canton, 0 256.600 42.2
Springfield, O 238,193 14.7
Fargo, N. D. 359.942
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 160.237 42.8
Hastings, Nebr 167.237 29.4 ....
Fremont, Nebr 128,107 ....
Davenport 1.216.422 30.6 ....
Toledo 2.393.021 32.7
•Galveston 6.154.500 .... 22.7
•Houston 7.583.659 21.2
Youngstown, 0 316,524 14.3
Evansvllle 1.167,578 61.5
Helena 647.322 89.1 ....
Macon 623,000 2 7
Springfield. 11l 456.2T.3
Little Rock 532.970 29.7 ....
gaginaw 311.979 l ....
Totals. U. 5....U.781.771.641 0.9
Totals ouside N. Y. 664,295,369 7.5 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal '. $10,424,760
Toronto 11.692.651 2.5
Wnnlpeg 2.907.512 58.7 ....
Halifax 1.753.C15 15.0
Hamilton 946.229 21.2
Pt. John N. B 693,223 33.2
Vancouver. B. C... 963,316 62.8 ....
Victoria, B. C 629.168 18.0
Totals f30.012.834 .... ....
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Rio Grande Western prefd 81
St Lou!* _ San Francisco S'<i
6t Louis _ S F Ist prefd 6S
400 St Louis _ S F 2d prefd 32>4
100 Pt Louis Southwestern 10%
£t Louis Southwestern prefd 25
12.2T0 St Paul 118
220 St Paul rrefd 172
Paul _ Omaha 118
23.750 Southern Pacific 37%
1.000 Southern itailway 11^
2,050 Southern Railway prefd 63%
SkjO Texas _ I'acific 13
15.575 Union Pacific 47%
3,21-5 Union I'aclfic rrefd "4Ts
100 Waba*h 7
673 Wabash prefd 20H
2,f« Wheeling & L E 9%
200 "Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 27&»
fcOO Wiscons-in Central 19%
Exjiress Companies —
Adams ...«» 11l
American 142
United States 45
Weils Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
8.2T0 American Cotton Oil 33%
2UO American Cotton Oil prefd 90
10") American Malting 7«4
200 American Malting prefd 30%
S3O Am Smelting & Refining 36%
645 Ani Smelting _ Refining prefd SS
American Spirits 314
American Fririts prefd 17
800 American Steel Hoop 43
£00 American Steel Hoo? prefd SI
12,n;0 American Steel & Wire 46%
400 American Steel & Wire prefd 90%
730 American Tin Plate 31%
•••¦-•• American Tin Plate prefd SO%
iO.iKJO American Tobacco 102* i
American Tobacco prefd .".'!135
I.'OO Anaconda Mining Co 3914
E0.C72 I Brooklyn Rapid Transit '.. 73
2.2W Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
W0 Continental Tobacco 34%
LJOO Continental Tobacco prefd '. S6
n.t^ Federal Steel 6^
1.300 Federal Ft^el j.refd 74
400 General Kleotric ,*i_
COO Glucose Sußar '.'.'.'.'.'. 50%
Glucofw Sugar prefd ..'. 95
420 International Paper 24%
4.".n Intprratlonal Paper prefd 67
t3O lvoclp.ie Gas 79
National Biscuit ..".".'.'".'.'.' 35Ti
National liieeu't prefd 91
300 National Lead 25«
B7 National Lead pr»fd ."..".".'! 104»i
1.475 National Steel 42
145 National Steel prefd '.'.'.'.' 81
"i'iii £ eTV ._ York Alr Brake . c*e * dlv!dend"lls
1,525 North American ijk
100 Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Coast Ist prefd..........'.".".* 85
Pacific Co««t 2d prefd 65
4.10') Pacific Mall ......... . 4574
6.»:-0 People's Gas '.V."'104%
Pressed Rteel Car.... .""" 56H
... v -. Pr«ssed steel Car prefd gs%
3 r <> Pullman Palace Car ... IS7
ZM Standard Rope & Twine \" 9%
66.C40 Sugar jjjv
Sugar prefd '..'.'.'""114
2.710 Tennessee Coal _ Iron «4»i
9.020 United States Leather ' i6«J
KjO United States Leather prefd 75U
4.500 T'nited states Rubber 4214
United States Rubber prefd "104
E.e.V> Western Union %~t/
X.T«> Republic Iron _ Steel .*"'" 22<2
LOO Republic Iron * Steel prefd ....' 66
P C C _ St Louis 79t£
435.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg W2%|N J C gen Ss 118
£*> 3 » reg 109% No Carolina 6s 127
Do 2s coup 110% Do 4s 106
Do. new 4s reg...134U No Paciflo lsts 110
Do new 4s coup..l34'i Do 3s 66
Do old 4s res 114% Do 4s "103%
IV> old 4s coup... 114% N V C & St L 4s"lO«U
Do 5s reg 113 V* N & W con 4s 00't
Do 5s coup 113' i Do gen €s 123'
Dl?t of Col 3.655.. .119 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison gen 4s &9U Do 4s 101%
Do adj 43 79% Or Short Line 65.';i39
Canada So 2ds 108 Do con 6s m
Cl.es & Ohio 4%5.. S€% Reading gen 45..'.. £4
I>o Ds 115 |R a W lsts 95
Chi _ N con 75. ...139 : Pt L & I M con 6r.HO
Do S F deb J5....115% St L & S F gen 65. 120
Chicago terra 45... 94 •St Paul con*.. 167
D & R G lsts lOUijSt P C & P Ists..!llB
Do 4s S6%> Do i"s . HSU
E T V _ G 15t5... 103 |So Railway 6s 10CX
Erie gen 4s CS'^j Stand R _ T 65... So 2
F W & D C lsts... 73% ( Tenn new set 35.... 94
Gen Electric &5....11S I Tex & Pac lsts....Ul«i
G H _ S A 6s 10S Do 2ds 64
Do 2ds 103 Union Pacific 45... 102%
H _ T C 5s 103*4 Wabash lsts US
Do con 6s lllVi! Do 2ds 93
lowa Central lsts.. 111%! West Shore 4s 110%
X C P & G l*ts... 68 jWls Central lsts... 89%
La new con 4s 106% I Va Centuries S5
L& N unl 4s 98 | Do deferred 5
MX & T 2ds 68 Colo _So 4s S3
Do 45.. ¦ 89% So Pacific 4* 81*
NYC lsts 108%!, "
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar . is[ Ontario 7 bo
Crown. Point 10|Ophlr .^ «
CoKCal &Va,..:.: 1 Si){ Plymouth .......'.'.'. ~
Dea^wood 60 Quicksilver 1 to
Gould _ Curry IS Do prefd 860
Hale _ Norcroe*... 30 [ Sierra Nevada 13
Homestake 65 00 Standard 1 *5
Iron Silver 64 Union Cori.'lllvlvMi 22
Mexican 25i Yellow Jacket IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money- , We*t End pref d . . . .11l
Call loan* 6@7| Weatinghouse Elec. 40%
Time loans 6#7|Wis Central mi
a i°_^T- jDomlnlon Coal 45
A T _ S F 19HDom Coal prefd...lls
A T _ S F prefd.. 61%! Bonds—
American Sugar.... 131% Atchlson 4s n
Am Sugar prefd.... 115 i Mining Bharea-
Beil Telephone 341 I Adventure .. I '
Boston Elevated... 9Sl4|Allouez Mining Co 3 '
Boeton & Maine. ...2C2 Atlantic 25
g. u * Q-- 122%;805t0n & Montana.2B3
Ed Elec 111 SO5 jßutte & 805t0n.... 50
Ceneral Electric. ..l 22 [Calumet _ Hecla..7J2
Gen Elec prefd 137 'Centennial i«%
Federal Steel 61% Franklin 14%
Fed Steel prefd.... 74 |Humboldt 1
Mexican Central. .. .ll% 'Osceola ... 71 I
Mich Telephone.... loo iParrot, ex div..!."! 42%
Old Dominion 212 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
n ubber _ « Tamarack ....... ..185
Union Pacific 46T4 VVinona 4%
Cnion I_nd J*i Wolverines ''. 40
•West End.. ._92%iUtah 29
London Market.
; NEW YORK, Jan. 6.-The Commercial ;Ad
vertlser**' London financial cablerram *ay»:
The market* here opened dull and quiet to-day
Stocks were found to be scarce, especially
Americans, prices for which responded readily
to the better feeling. In all other department*
buslr.es* was .mail. The chief factors were the
changed feellns. relative ease In money and
better news from Berlin, where it was reported
the liquidation was over, and _ier?wK P S2n.
nicklnc up of Canadian Pacific and other Pa
cific shares. Paris also bought Spanish 4* and
In the afternoon the cheerfulness was assisted
by vague Transvaal rumors that the Boers had
made an unsuccessful effort to break throuth
General French's ljne and that Cecil Rhodes
had escaped from Kimberley. Paris renorted
that a battle was going on at the Tugela offi
cial reoorts of which were kept dark These
ttorieß were generally discredited. Neverthelesi
lh<?>- had an effect. Americans were particu
liirly alTected by the Increasing confidence and
I*r.<l£tent New York buying of New York Cen
tral. Money waa very easy on release of
-S.'jno.OiO in Government dividends but to
morrow the market has to pay £1.000 000 on
the balance of the treasury bills. The local
loan etock w« quoted to-day at 2\ premium
which helped the money market. Call money
at the close was unlendable at 3% per cent
The bank lo«t £141.00* gold engaged for Ar
gentina and £20,000 for Malta. From Germany
It bought £45,000 and £27.000 was secured in
bars.
Pnrla cheque was quoted at 25.24, Berlin at
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. «.— Canadian Pacific. U
t'T.ion Pacific preferred. 76V; Northern Pacific
preferred. "DH; Atchlson 20; Orand Trunk. 7-
I Anaconda, S«4: bar silver. 27 6-82 d per ounce '
New York ¦ M oney ¦ Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— Money on call ateady
zX 4S« PW cent; last loan. 4% per cent; prime
it waa badly needed. The market la ¦till In
an unsettled condition, as supplies from the
coast are coming along very slowly; this Is
very evident from the lines of teams
awaiting their turns to get "Wellington coal
from the steamer Bristol, now discharging
There is no relref visible for transporting fu-»!
from the coast mi"* For every disengaged
vessel there are several parties offering finally
resulting In her golns foreign with lumber, for
which liberal figures are being paid. The
present asking vrices for Enelish and Aus
tralian grades are almost prohibitory for futur*
loading, which throws the trade a. most[en
tirely Into the hands of the coast collieries.
Values locally remain about th« same; there
is no visible advance In prices. It Is singular
that our increased oil production does not cut
a more marked figure with our large fue con
sumers: it should relieve our present fuel con
gestion. There have been large arri vala o£ for
eign coke this week— K79 tons, which will re
lieve the market for the moment.
RICE-I9 very firm. China mixed. $3 Ss^3 95;
China No. 1, $4 25#4 73: extra do, $4 IXVSa 10,
Hawaiian. $4 6005: Japan. $4 65©4: Louisiana,
$5©7
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
cany auotea. terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6*»e:
Powdered. l%e: Candy Granulated. sc; Dry
Granulated. 4%c: Confectioners' A. 4%e; Cali
fornia A. : Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4Hc;
Golden C. 4Vic: barrels. l-16c more; half-bar
rels %c more; boxes. %c more; £0-lb bags. Ho
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, ii 4 *-;
boxes. 5%c »er lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY S.
Flour, V 5k5..... 21.824' Hay, ton* 1S«
Barley, ctl* 1.710 Quicksilver. _i_a 24
Oats ctla 4C0 k Straw. tons ? 13
Corn, East. ctla,. 800! Wool. bags T
Tallow, ctla 240 Eggs, doz 5.840
Cheese, ctls 12i:Sugar, ska 1.400
Butter, ctls 233 Sugar, bbl* 632
Beans, *ks 100 Brandy, gal* C.6CO
Potatoes, ska «.942 r Wlne. gals t9.K»
Onions, sks 425 Leather, r011*.... 43
Bran, sks J. 822 Hides, No 1.125
Middlings, *ks... 400 Pelts, bdls 2CS
Buckwheat. *k... <£»»££
Flour, qr sks 8.166 Bran, sks 4,25>
Potatoes, sks C.655 Shorta, •_* 1.203
Onions, *ka 412 ¦
Silver a fraction firmer again.
Wheat futures lower. Barley unchanged.
Oais, Corn and Rye continue quiet.
Nothing new in Hay and Beans.
Sweet Potatoes higher again.
Market glutted with Green Peas and String Beans.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry and Game steady and in fair demand.
Cranberries selling low. Apples and Oranges unchanged.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruit.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged.
Jfogs in fair supply at firm quotations.
Rice firm, with an advance in some kinds.
More business in local securities.
Chicago Grain Market.
mercantile paper, 6; sterling exchange firm
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
for demand and $4 S3\J' for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 83%@4 84 and $4 88%; commercial bills,
$4 81%@4 82%; siU'er certificates, 88%if59%<:: bar
silver, 690; Mexican dollars, 47V>c. Bonds-
Government, strong; State, strong; "railroad ir
regular. : . "
Condition of, the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. S.— To-day* a statement
of the condition of the Treasury show*:. Avail
able cash balance, $253,8»1,027; gold reserve
$234,151,838. -.'.".">•¦' \ ". •..'
and indifference on the part of buyers, closing
In an Irregular condition and very quiet. The
other metalswere not specially active nor were
features of. lmportance developed. At. th«. close
the exchange called: - . . .- ' " ,
PlGlRON— Warrants quiet.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $i« 60. V ,'¦
. TIN-iEaey at $21 70323 10. ' -
LEAD— Steady at $4 70@4 75. Th» brokers'
price for laad is $i 72% and for copper $14 60.-
SPELTER— Quiet, $4 40(ff4 60.
Continued on Pago Thirteen.
$3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for super
fil Mi_LSTUFFS— Pricea in sacks ar« a* fol
lows, usual discount to th« trade: Graham
Flour {3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal " $2 50- Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50;
Oat Groats.' $4 50: Hominy. $3 25©3 50; Buck
wheat Flour $4-34 25: Cracked Wheat. $3T7S;
Farina. $4 £0"; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6/37 25; In sacks. $5 75@7;
Peart Barley. $5; Spilt Pea*. $5; Green Pea*.
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
All descriptions remain quiet and unchanged.
BRAN— SI 2 50@13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7©2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. JIS Eo©l7 B0
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $I«927^Job
bing. $27 50028; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn
meal. »23 60W24 50; Cracked Corn. $24025; Mixed
Feed. $16 50@17; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. V EO®S 50 for common, to good
and $3@9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $.@9;
Oat. $6 £O©S: Barley. $5®6 60; Alfalfa, $5@S p«r
ton;- Compressed; $7©lo per ton.
STRAW— 3S©6Oo per bale.
'Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dnll and weak.
BEANS— Bayos. $3i93 25: small W_lt«. $2 75
©2 90; large white. $2 So@2 50; Pinks. $?60©2 65;
Reds. $3 25©3 60; Blaekeye. $4 50: Butters, nom
inal; Lima. $4 9095; Pea, $2 90©3 10; R«d Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. !©3%c; TeUow
Mustard, 4©4%0; Flax, $2 12%: Canary. 3%c per
lb for California aad 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
7@Bc; Rape. 2%©3 c; Hemp. 4©4%0; Timothy.
454%0,
DRIED PEAS— Nllfa, $1 SOOI 90; Green. $1 79
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes continue to advance, and ot_er
Potatoes are firm in spite of large receipts from
Oregon.
The market continues glutted with Peu and
Beans.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85®90c; River Reds,
(s©7oc; Bur banks. 60_S5c per sack; Salinas
Burbanks. $I©l 25; Oregon Burbanks. 85c©$l 23;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 75 for Merced.
ONIONS— SI*I I 40 per ctl for all kind*. .
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. l©4c p«r lb:
String Beans, 2®3c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 60@75c: Egg Plant from Loa
Angeles, 12% c; Dried Okra. 12% c per lb; Gar
lic, 5@6%c; Green Peppers from Loa Angeles.
3@4c; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 30@40c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 60c©$l per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $12® 15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Game sold off better.
Poultry was steady at about previous prices.
Squabs are very scarce and bring the top price
if good.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14©15 c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 15
@18c; . Geese, per pair, $1 75©2; Goslings, $175
@2: Ducks, $4 5005 50 for old and $4 50©5 50 for
young: Hens, $4@5; Yourg Roosters, %5^S 50;
Old Roosters, $4Q4 DO; Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers
U 50©5 for large and $3 25®3 50 for small: Pig
eons, $1 per dozen for old and $2 60-5,3 for
GAME— Quail. $1 EO©l 75; Mallard. $3©4: Can
vasback, $2®4; Sprig, $232 60: Teal, $1 S<XJH 75;
Widgeon. $1 50@l 75; Small Duck, $1 25©1 50;
Doves, 75c per dozen: Hare. $1 50; Rabbits.
$1 50<92; Gray Geese, $3 50; White. $1 50; Brant.
$1 50©2 50; Honkers, $5; English Snipe, $3 50 per
dozen; Jack -Snipe, $1 25©1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is reported easy and quiet, with ample
stocks for all needs. There 1* no further
change In Cheese.
Eggs are easy, but no lower, a* stock* ar*
still light and continued rains tend to keep
receipts down.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 28c; second*, 23®
25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22022%0; good to choice. 19©
20c: common. 13_17%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12c; old. ll%c:
Young America, 12%©13 c; Eastern, 15%©
16c: Western. 13%@15c per lb.
F.GGS— Quoted at 26<330c for atore and 35©37 c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
lHflUc for firsts and 15c for seconds; freah,
22® 23c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is nothing new beyond a further de
cline in Cranberries, which ar« no longer
wanted. . . .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples — 35@65c per box for common, 75C-3JI
for good. $1 25^1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $i®s; Cooa
Bay Cranberries, $1 50 per box.
Winter Pears, nominal. . . 1 i .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50*2 25
per box: Seedlings. 6oCf?sl 25: Japanese Man
darins. $1 6o@l 75; Pomelos. $I®3; Lemons. $1
@1 50 for common and $21? 2 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $43J4 SO; California
Limes, nominal: Bananas. $1 50@3 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 Eo@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4%e for
40-50's. 4s*%c for £0-60*3, 3%c for 60-70's. 3%c
for 70-80's, Sc for 80-90"a and 2%c for 90-lOO'a.
AuricotB, ll@l3c for Royals. 12%®16c for Moor
parka and 12514 c for Blenheims; Peaches. 5 H
6%c for Standards, 6@6%c for choice and 7c for
fancy: peeled Peaches. 12%@15c; Evaporated
Apples. 7®7%c: Sun-dried. E®s% per lb; Necta
rines, B%@9c per lb for red; Pears, «u@3 C for
quarters and 8310 c for halves: Black Figs, ZQ
3%c; White Figs. 4®6c; Bleached Plums, 809 c;
Unbleached Plums. 7@7%c for pitted and 1%0
for unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. »c: standard, 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lfc, B%c: choice, 7%c: standard. 6%c:
prime, sc: unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6>4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 P»r box; t-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 60: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8©10 c; Walnuts. B©9<s for
standards and 9®loc for *hoftshell; Almonds,
11HS12C for paper-shell, »®loc for soft and i&
Dc for hard shell; Peanuts. 5%@6%c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%08c; Fil
berts. 11®12%c; Pecans, llSISc; Cocoanuts.
$4 50® 5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%©12e for bright and 10%©
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 7%
@Sc: light amber extracted, 6%©7 c; dark. 5%c
P< BEESW AX— 14©260 per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%e p«r lb for
heavy. B%c for light medium. 10% c for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12®_%c; California
Hams nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13: Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. $17 50; Mess, $16 50; amoked Beef.
14@14%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 7%c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 80;
10-lb tins. *%c: B-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7H07K0 P«r lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
These markets are of a holiday character.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand* sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. ll%c: medium, lie; light. 10% c; Cow
hides, lie: Stags. 7%c; Salted Kip. 1O% C ; Calf,
lie; t>ry Hides, sound. IS©is%c; culia and
brands. 15c; Dry Kld and Veal. 17c: Dry Calf,
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20@35c each: short
Wool. 35<S«>c each; medium. 70®90c; long Wool
$I@l 25 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 2532 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb: N_ J
4c: refined. 6%c; grease. 2%c. 7
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9QlOc- South
ern, 8@10c; Middle County, 11@13 C ; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16217 c; Eastern Oregon. 13_lfi<--
Valley Oregon. 15320 c; Northern Mountain free'
Ugl4c; Northern Mountain, defective. io<GUc
per*lb.
HOPS— *?9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local packers report enough Hogs for cur
rent needs, though there is not a large aupply
by any means.
BEEF— 7&7%c per lb for Steera and «%©7c
for Cows.
VE\L— Sl?lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 707%e: e» h. «%©t c Der
pound.
LAMB— B«B%c rer lb.
FORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small 5Hc fnr
medium and SUSS%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, buiii 1 .-^-: dressed Hogs, 7^440
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, "3714 c; Wool
Bags. 2S#2oc.
. COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. *i; Southneld . Wellington. $7 £0- Seattle
$7: Bryant. $7: Coos Hay. $5 50; Walisend $s-
Co-operative Walisend. $8: Scotch • cum'
berland. $10 In bulk and $11 so j n sacks' Perm"
gylvanla Anthracite Egs. $13; Cannel" '$U per
ton: Coke. $1:. Per ion in bulk and $U in sacks
Harrison's circular says: • *—•*»•
"During the week there have been four ar
rivals of coal from Washington with ssco
tons; three from Oregon. 1600 tons- two from
British Columbia. 3454 tons; five from Swan?
sea,- 13,567 tons; two from Cardiff. 6802 tons
one from Australia. 3137 tons: total, ss 440 tons'
These are the heaviest coal arrivals, within
oner weeks time, that have come to hand for
months past. Over two-third* Is .from foreign
aources, and fills tome requirements, for which.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 82Vt
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ggi£
Sterling Cables — 4 89^4
New York Exchange, sight — iji^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15'
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
Mexican Dollars ¦— - 4]^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures declined, but spot quota
tions were unaltered.
Liverpool and | Paris were lower and quiet.
Chicago also fell off, and reported the local
bears raiding the market, which had no out
side support, though it was thought that the
bears were getting oversold. There was no
evidence '. of liquidation,- : however. London
stocks were reoorted .buoyant .on rumors of
English victories. Argentine' shipments were
680,000 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 98%c051; milling,
$102%@103%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
SI 06.
Second Session— May— 2ooo' ctls. $1 05; 26,000,
$104%: 4000, $104%.- December— 4ooo, Jl 08T4.
Regular Morning Session — May — 4000 ctls.
$104%: 2000. $104%. ¦
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $104%;
2000. $1 05. . December— SOCO,' $1 CBT».
BARLEY— Prices remain unchanged, with a
quiet market. .
Feed. 72V2075C for No. 1 and 60@70c for "off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, BO@S7%c;
Chevalier, nominal."
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May--2000 ctls,, 71% c Jan
uary—2ooo. 75c. ' .
OATS— There is nothing going on to change
quotations. White, $1 10@l SO; Red. $1 07%@l 2Q-
Gray. $107%©l 17%; Black, 97%c@U 07%.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 97%c@
$1 02% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at 11 05®
1 07% ; mixed. 97%c@Jl 02%.
RYE— sl@l 05 per ctl: '
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. ..¦ . •
Flour and Millsiuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. S3 60® J 78.
usual. terms:, bakers' extras, $3 40@3.E0; Oregon
and Washington, |3 40Q3 SO per bbl for extra.
Family Retail Market.
Butter, _ ggs and Ch ees« ar» about tit* •&_•
as last week.
Poultry and CS_m» ham » beea In better »apply
this week, but prices h_v» not ehangM _t3o_
Green Peas. Strinsr Beans. Tomato** aad
other Summer Vegetables are In unssaally larg*
supply for midwinter, and lott price* accord
ingly rule. There is littla change la Fruit*.
Fish continue scarce, owing to tha stormy
weather.
Coal. r*r ton —
Cannel I ©13 CO [Seattle „.._.... I 003
Wellington... 010 00 iSouthfleld
New Welling- | Wellington.. ©* SO
ton OlOOOiCoos Bay . — 4J7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs — ®30
square SO^SS j Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — ©45i dozen 3?349
Do, good — @W Honey Comb, per ?
Cheese. Cal — <??u! pound 12315
Cheese. Eastern... l7@:o Do, extracted....— flu
Cheese, Swiss 20®C3!
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12-?l7|Porfc. fresh ...«C«»
Beef, choice IS'JCOJPork. ea1t..... _ais
Do, good lO^lJiPork Chops 154J13
Corned Beef — Hit , Round Steak 10J12
Ham. Cal I.3ft—; Sirloin Steak 15^—
Do Eastern 17H' r ?— ! Porterhouse. d0...20@CS
Lard 12515; Smoked Beef _«„
Mutton lOfrKvPork Sausag»st.ir4®3o
Lamb 12@13iVeaX 15®20
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each SO^T^Doves, per doa $125
Toung Roosters, Quail, dozen J2IJC CS
each „©..> Mallard. pair..73cSil 25
Old roosters, ea...Co'sfM Canvasback, per
Fryers, each 50^:50 pair "ocgtl 25
Broilers, each 4<Vi?."<i Pprtg. pair 65^73
Turkeys, per lb...—^ 22; Teal, per pair 60iJj)75
Ducks, each WKi7s| Widgeon, pair &0-a6O
Geese, each $1 25<S1 CO* Small Duck, pair..*)§oo
Pigeons, pair 40<850;Wlld Geese. palr.7scf?ll
Rabbits, pair 40^50 iKngllsh Snlpa, doz.tt 50
Hare, each — @2o;jack Snipe H 73©J
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb lS^OlLerncns. dozen 20t?25
Apples 4@ <|_lmes, per d0zen. .12213
Bananas, dozen... lOtfilSi Pears, per lb 6® t
Cranberries, qt — 010 j Raisins, per li> IQI3
Oranges, dozen.... 15g30i Walnuts, per lb...—^li
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz. ..6o^73 JOkra. dry, per lb.— ©2s
Beets, dozen 12-515! Peppers, green, lb B<g:ii)
Beans, white, lb.. 5<S — ! Potatoes, per lb.. 2® 5
Colored, lb 4f? s'Sir eet Potatoes 3.^ 4
Lima, lb — 0 SjParsnipa. per doz.lSt?
Cabbage, each E'-rlO: Radishes, dr bchs.lo^l3
Cauliflowers, each 5.510 Sage, doz bnchs. .25'<r35
Celery, bunch s®— jString Beans, lb.. &9 I
Cress doz bnchs. .2(W/3o, Summer Squash, ¦
Egg Plant, lb 2(VS > 25 per lb g£io
Green Peas, lb s*® S Thyme, per lb 2<Va.?o
Lentils, per lb 6^ B j Turnips, per dos..l*3li
Lettuce, per doz.. l3ft— I Tomatoes, per lb.. S'JJIO
Onions, per 1b.... 2j' 3,
Fish-
Barracuda — 1?— |Shrt_j>a .— «?19
Carp 12313' Shad -—#15
Codfish — "SlajSea Bass — ®15
Flounders 15'3 — IPmelts lSa^O
Halibut 15-av-iSolea 12^:3
Herring — ©12,Skate3. each VXitli
KlngSsh — ©15 Clams, gallon W3 1
Mackerel — @ — Do hardshell.lOO 40630
Do. Horse — ©—Crabs, each lO^lo
Percn — Si— | Do eoftshell. dz.2J^K
Pompano „—„ — Q — |Mus3eia, quart.... lOsL3
Rockfish lai'if— l Oysters, Cal. _0...40<tf50
Salmon, fresh 20® — ! Do Eastern, d_._i£4i)
Do. smoked —^20 '
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Charters.
The Nere_ lead* wheat at Portland for Eu
rope. S3* ft—
Revenue Collections.
Irtercal revenue collections in this district in
ISS9 were f3.CSS.2-. against ?5.f"3.901 in IST-S,
lnclufiing J1.0W.3:: for beer. tS34.9CS for spirits,
|iSt(,97: lor tobacco and $S>;i.iSS for war stamps.
Weather Report.
C_t>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 6—5 p. r_
The following are the poacor.al rainfalls to
£nte, as cor_pared with those of same date
last Ffason. and raiafalli in last twenty-four
1 I_st This I_st
Station*— 2* hours, season, season.
__Kk» " 0.4« 13.03
R*d H!u!T 0.26 IJ.S4 6.97
Sacramento 0.34 1J.05 6.21
Pan Francisco ©.IS 13.68 4.72
Fresno Trace «.O3 2.61
Independence Trace 2."« 0.70
fan Luis OtoUpo 0.16 12.49- 3.53
I»s Anpeles O.CI 4.D7 0.56
Kan Ihejro 0.00 2.61 1.6S
Vurr.a 0.00 0.68 - 1.32
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
O; minimum, 10; mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A' storm of moieni* energy is central to
dgf-.t ever Vancouver Island and will probably
j>n*s rapidly eastv.-ard through British Colum
bia. A small portion of the storm may return
Saturday afternoon and pass southward. The
rresyuie has risen rteadily over California and
Nevada. Condition* are favorable for clearing
x»eat!>r Saturday over a larce portion of the
Pacilic f!<i>e.
Ilatn has fallen generally over the country
north of the Tehachapl.
The f©i!r>wir_ maximum wind velocities are
reporte.l: Portland. 3* miles per hour from the
fouth: Poratello. "6 from the south.
The rivers are generally at a lower Ktage than
yesterday. Mceept near tidewater, where the
crest of the high water now is.
The following are the latest rauge readings:
Reddinc. 5.5 feet and rising: Tfhama, S.K and
falling: M_r>Fvr.le, tf..2 and falling: Sacra
mento 24. <> and ri«lrg; San Joaquln bridxe,
14 4 and risin_.
Forecast made nt San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight. January 6. 19TO:
Northern California— Clrwdy Saturday. rlear
lr.r in trie afternoon: fresh southerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
westerly wind.
N>va<la-Clou<Jr Saturday.
Utah-Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
Han Francisco nnd vicinity— Cloudy Saturday,
breaking away fiurtng the day: fret^ joutherly
mind. ALEXANDER G. mJaDIE.
Forecast Official.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
by / lt , tBbur «"- Exceptional activity in the Iron
trade is no doubt responsible for this gain and
the increase of 32 per cent net gain shown at
Cleveland. ¦..¦..;¦*¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6,^1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CHICAGO, Jan. s.— The wheat market opened
easy on the absence of any stimulating news,
May a shade under yesterday at 69Vi@69%c
This was the high notch for the day, for there
after the price went under puts and stayed
there, buying against those privileges causing
only, the feeblest upward motions. The poor
export business was one reason for selling; good
crop news from Argentine and elsewhere an
other. The weakness of Northwest markets-
Minneapolis showing a greater failing off than
Chicago— and selling orders from that section
were also a factor In the weakness. On the
decline considerable long wheat was let out.
With this array of gloomy news the fact that
receipts were more liberal and clearances small
added but little to the discouragement of the
bulls. Ten thousand bushels of cash wheat
was sold for the seaboard, but In view of the
large stocks the transaction was contemptu
ously labeled "retail business" and forgotten.
May slumped as far as possible, then closed
weak, %c under yesterday, at 6S%c
The strength exhibited early by the provision
market was overcome later by heavy realizing,
prosecuted throughout the session with great
animation. May pork closed 10®_%c under
yesterday. May lard 7%®10c under and May
ribs 6g>7%c down.
Corn, steadied by provisions for a time, later
succumbed to the Influence of wheat and th«
reaction of provisions and closed rather easy.
May >4o down.
The trade in oais was srsall and price* a
shade lower In sympathy with the other grain
markets. May. closed easy %c under yester
day.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 65% 65T& 66*4 «5<4
May 69H--- W4 6g*i ! 68T4
July 70H 70H 69H 69H
Corn No. I—
January .......1... 30H -80%. 30*4 80%
May 33V4 33H 32% 33
July 83T4' 33% ' 83% 83%
Oats No. 2— '
January .......... 22 •'• 22 22- 22
May.......... 24.: 24- ,23% 23%
Mess pork, per bbl—
January .... .... 10 47%
May .........;..;... 10 SO 10 97% 10 72% 10 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January..- .-....,8 85 885 - 880 880
May : .6 03 6 07% 5 92% : 695
¦ Short ribs, per l()p lbs — ¦- - •-.>-¦
January :....... ...6 67% ; 8 67% 8 62% 5 62%
May .:..... ..;.. 880 6 82% 5 72% 675
Cash, quotations ¦ were as follows: Flour,
firm; No;--2- red.- 67%<T65%c; No. 2 com, 31c;
No. 2 oats, 22& ©23 c; No. 2 white. 25% c; No. 3
White, 24*i@25Vic; No.. 2 rye: 60®53%c;N0. 2
barley, 3S@4sc; No. .. 1 flaxseed. « 49@1 49%;
prime timothy seed, $2 25; ' mess pork, -per bbl,
$9 30@$10 50; lard. ' per '100 • lbs. $5 67%<g>6 82%:
short ribs sides (loose). $5 50®5 80; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), SH'Sj^ic; short .clear -sides
(boxed); $3 So<£?s 85; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 23%; sugars, cut loaf,
6.70 c; granulated. 5.18 c. ¦ .....
Articles— , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels -....35.000 ¦ 33.000
Wheat, bushels 75.000 i 31,000
Corn, 1 bushels ....; 257.000 128.000
Oats, bushels 251,000 152.000
Rye, bushels 6.000 16.000
Barley, bushels :...'.'..•• 76,000 ' 17,000
; On -the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was firm; creamery, 19®2Sc: dairy, 17
@23c. , Cheese, firm," 12®lS%c. Eggs, firm, fresh,
19@19Hc " " ' ' •
NEW YORK. Jan. S.-Bradstreef* will cay
to-morrow: The business world' has '•marked
time", this week pending the results of annual
stock-takings and the passing away of the
holiday Influences which usually make for
quietness at thla period. Aside from the
strengthening of values of a number of staples,
such; as the- cereals, provisions and cotton,
which are ¦peculatlvely dealt In, there has been
no decided movement forward, but on the other
hand the strength of all other stable values
points to there having been no backward step
taken. Perhaps the most notable movement
among leading staples is that developed In
nogs and hog products, a better realization be
ing had of the features making for strength
in those products, notable among which being
the reduction In the supply of hogs, which. Ilka
the similar falling off in number of cattle. ha«
gone on for a number of years past. That the
advance in hog products is beginning to at
tract more attention seems evident from the
extent to^ which the advance has had sympa
thetic reflection In the prices of wheat and
other cereals, which really trace some of the
strength which has been shown this week to
that quarter.
While stocks of wheat have fallen off In
Europe and shipments there to December were
the lightest recorded for many years, still
stocks have Increased In this country to nearly
as great an extent.
_Owlng to the continued light movement and
the confidence with which holders maintain
prices cotton has advanced slightly during the
week. It la evident that the new plan of
warehousing cotton Is having a measureable
Influence upon the movement In sight.
in iron and steel quiet strength has. as for
many, weeks past, been the notable feature.
A rather more aggressive feeling is noted at
Chicago, where wire and nails have been con
siderably, advanced and bar steel, angles and
channels have also moved upward. With the
country's production sold ahead as heavily as
It Is there Is naturally little or no immediate
new offering. No sign of weakness
In the steel market Is perceptible and there
has been in fact a marking up of the nominal
rates. The hardware trade has completed a
year < remarkable in many respects,, and . the
report comes from the West that a number
of salesmen did not leave the road at all dur
ing- the holidays, but kept steadily at work.
Light hardware of some sorts has been marked
up this week. . .
Lumber. ls seasonably quiet, but all prepara
tions for an. active spring business are per
ceptible. A point of much interest to the lum
ber trade is the- possible placing of an im
mediate order for a billion feet of pine for the
Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo. Prices
show no weakness.
Textiles display notable strength. Next sea
son cotton goods will all open higher and in
finished products particularly there Is a chance
for expansion, as. quotations in those lines have
not. moved up to a- parity, with gray goods.
The short supply of water is beginning to
affect the output of New England cotton mills,
and this promises to introduce still another
element of strength • into holders' positions.
Wool, though quiet, Is strong and manu
factured goods will certainly open at good ad
vances.. The bulk of the old crop is claimed
to have already been marketed. Export trade
for our fine wool is good, as evidenced by some
shipments this week to England. Some buy
ers are said to have bought wool that Is yet
on the sheep's back In the West. •
Wheat, Including flour; " shipments for the
week aggregate 2,009,602 bushels,- against 3,110,
657 bushels last week, • 6.860,268 bushels In ' the
corresponding week of 1599, 3,481,576 bushels in
1898. 3,108,388 I bushels in 1597 and i 3,471,C51
bushels In 1896.
Since July 1. this season, the exports of
wheat aggregate 106,493.873 bushels, against
125.3K8.977 bushels last year and .132.543,393
bushels in 1597-98.
Business . failures • for t the . week number 229,
as compared with 220 last week, 237 In this
week a year ago. 333 in IS9S and 488 In 1897.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
number 24 for the week, as compared with 22
last week. "26 In this week a year ago and 4S
in 1533. ________
Dun's Review of Trade.
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 1...: '.. 5 11 6 10%
Closing 5 10% E 10Vi
PARIS. :
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening IS 25 19 00
Closing ...'....' 13 35 19 10
Flour— '
Opening 23 95 24 SO
Closing .24 10 24 90
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. S.— CATTLE--Good to choice
eteers strong; Texas' steady; butchers' stock
easier; canner3 slow; stockers and feeders
steady to weak. Good to choice, J5 3.VffO 60;
poor to medium. $4 20'2?5 20; mixed stockem, $3
«f3 75; selected feeders, $4 20<8p4 90; good to
choice cows. J3 60(54 90; heifers. $3 50^T.; can
ners $2 2503: bulls. $2 &vg>4 95; calves. $4©7 60;
fed Texas beeves, $4 50@5 90.
HOGS— Generally 5c higher; fair clearance.
Mixed and butchers*. $4 20<54 62H; good to
choice heavy, $4 40^4 52%; rough heavy. $1 20f?
4 33; light, $4 20@4 42>4. Bulk of sales, $4 37^@
4 45.
SHEEP— Steady; lambs strong. Top Western
lambs, $6 25: native wethers ¦$4 40@5 40. lambs
$5 40if?$6 25; Western wethers $4 25^4 75. lambs
$3 '.OiJTS 23.
Receipts— Cattle, EOOO; Hogs, 32,000; Sheep,
10,000. ¦
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. s.— Clearings. $329,588; bal
ances, 524.811.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND/ Jan. ft. — There .la a limited
amount- of Walla Walla' Wheat coming along,
but there Is not Valley offering to
amount to anything. As high as ,'iijc has been
paid for heavy Walla. Walla, but 62c Is the top
for. No. .1, and Valley is nominally 51@32c, with
Blue Stem easy at E3Qf.3%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. s.— Wheat la %c higher. Club.
BlVic; Blue Stem, 63% c. ;.- ;
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. . 6.— Consols. . 99*4 ; silver,
27 5-32 d; French rentes, 93f 40c; wheat cargoes
off. coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes Walla
Walla. 295; English country markets, firm
, LIVERPOOL, Jan. 6.— Wheat, steady: No. I
standard California. 6s 3d; wheat In Paris.
; steady: flour In Paris, steady: French country
markets, .weak; weather in England, cold and
dry.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 15-32 d.
CLOSINO.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 red Western winter,
firm, 5s lOd; No. 1 Northern spring, firm 6s
llV^d; No. 1 California, 6s SdS^s 3^d. . Futures
—Closed dull; March, 5s lOHd; May. Ss 10% d.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new, firm, Ss
6d; old. firm, 3s 6Hd. Futures— Quiet ; January
3s svid; February. 3s 5%d; March. 3s 6!id.
10Justifiable.
Lawyer (In breach of promise case)—
The plaintiff says you Kissed her contin
ually when you. called on her.
Defendant— Well, I don't deny It; but I
did it in eelf-defense.
Lawyer— How' b that?
Defendant— lt waa the only way I could
keep her from singing.— Chicago News. '
Arrested on Bench Warrant.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Andrew Baum was
arrested here to-night by Deputy Sheriff
Striker on a bench warrant issued by
Judge Daingerfield of San Francisco, for
contempt of court. Baum was wanted as
an Important witness In a Chicago rail
way damage suit and a commission had
been issued to have his testimony taken in
San Francisco, when he suddenly disap
peared.
DR. BARTHILEMY NOW
RELEASED ON BAIL
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Dr. Henri Barthil
emy, who held officers at bay yesterday
with a loaded shotgun and who, with his
stepson, Eugene Dautrevaux, was lodged
in the County Jail on charges of petty
larceny, were released to-day on furnish
ing $2u ball each. They are accused of
having ptolen a dog belonging to Valen
tine G. Hush of Frultvale several weeks
ago. but they claim the canine under sus
picion has been In their possession for
over a year. Deputy Sheriff Quintan this
afternoon called at the District Attorney's
office, pecking a complaint against the
doctor for resisting an officer, but as yet
no such complaint has been issued.
Allen Is Beleased.
OAKLAND. Jan. s.— Hlller Allen, whose
arrest created such a sensation in Oak
land, has been released from custody.Tha
difficulty between the young man and Ar
thur Williams, the San Francisco tailor,
has been settled.
Allen claimed that the whole trouble
arose from a mistake, as he thought he
had funds In the bank on which the check
was drawn.
New Pastor to Officiate.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— The Rev. Stephen
Wood, the new pastor of the Plymouth
congregational Church, will officiate at
the services next Sunday morning. Com
munion service will be held in the morn-
Ing.
DEATH CLAIMS
ANOTHER PIONEER
MBS. MABIAN TOUCHABD, AN
' OLD BESIDENT, EXPIBES.
She Was a Very Prominent Figure
in Oakland Society Many
Years Ago.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Mrs. Marian Agnes
Touchard. one of the oldest restdents of
Oakland, died at her residence. 1055 Eighth
street, to-day. The funeral will be held
at 10 o'clock Monday morning from the
Church of the Immaculate Conception.
The deceased was 70 years of age and
came to Oakland thirty-three years ago.
Her husband, who Is now deceased, was
formerly a prominent banker of San
Francisco. The deceased died from old
age She leaves two daughters, who are
residents of Oakland, and a son, who is a
lawyer in South Africa.
Suth, Professor Fryer, Rev. A. C. Bane,
Rev. Mr. Wahlberg, Rev.' Mr. Condit,
Rev. Mr. Martin,' Rev. Mr. Anderson, Rev.
Mr. Baugh, Rev, A. Williams, Rev. Mr.
Burley. Rev. Mr. Kelley, Rev. Tong Kit
Hlng. Rev. Soo Hoo Nam Art and Rev.-
Gee Gam.
Rev. W. S. Matthew, editor of the Chris
tian Advocate, delivered the eulogy In
English, and paid a most graceful tribute
to the fruitful life of Dr. Masters. Dr.
W. W. Case announced the first' hymn,
and Dr. F. D. Bovard read the first text.
Dr. J. D. Hammond read several letters
from Christian Chinese missions In dan
Francisco. Dr. Harris offered a pruyer
and Dr. Dille delivered the benediction.
The most interesting features were the
parts taken by the Chinese present. A
Chinese quartet sang "Abide With Me" In
English. Chan Loh Sang, who was con
verted by Dr. Masters in Canton, China,
delivered .i eulogy In Chinese, which was
Interpreted by Dr. Gardner. He paid tho
following tribute to Dr. Masters:
"It was. only a few days ago that I
knelt at the bedside of Dr. Masters, and
his last words to me were, 'My greatest
concern is for ray work among your peo
lile.' I told him' not to worry, that 'his
sons and his friends were caring for thnt
work, for I did not want him to worry,
thinking that to ease his mind would re
store his health. We all feel his loss, and
we feel as if we had lost our right hands "
Mong Chung, another convert, uald:
"We have lost our great friend in Dr.
Masters. He brought me to the true re
ligion, and I will carry on his work as far
as I can for him."
The interment was at Mountain View
Cemetery.
DELANOY AND
EMONS MEET
FACE TO FACE
The Clash Was One
of Words Only.
ALAMEDA, Jap. 5— Fred N. Delanoy,
famous victim of a letter-writer negligent
as to his signature, and George W. Em
mons, accused by inference of being re
sponsible for the missives, met by chance
on a San Francisco-bound train this mom
ing.
Emmons accosted Delanoy. A crash of
words followed, but fists, arms and kicks
were held in abeyance. A crowd gathered
about the two men. expectant of an en
counter, but there was a disappointment.
There was a demand from Emmons why
Delanoy should even Intimate that he was
the author of the letters. Delanoy said he
did not care to talk unless in the pres
ence of his attorney. Emmons got mad.
Delanoy got "cold feet." He shifted to
another car, and Emmons shifted after
him, determined to get some satisfaction.
Finally Emmons ascertained that Senator
E. K. Taylor was Delanoy's attorney. He
demanded that they should return to Ala
meda. talk the difficulty over with the at
torney and try to reach an understand
ing. This plan Delanoy agreed to. They
went to Senator Taylor's office, remain
ing closeted for two hours.
The parties to the conference refuse to
parade any of the details. It is under
stood that there were accusations from
Delanoy. but that they were bowled over
by the direct refutations of Emmons.
The story of the cause of the enmity ex
isting between Emmons and Delanoy, as
told in yesterday's Call, is substantially
correct. They were partners in business
in San Francisco ten years ago. They
had a difficulty and separated. Shortly
afterward Delanoy's first wife received an
unsigned letter reflecting on her husband.
Delanoy imagined it then to be the spite
work of Emmons. This is the probable
explanation why Delanoy lays the blame
for the recent letters at Emmons' door.
In the conference before Senator Tayior
he reiterated this belief, but said that if
he was wrong there was no reparation he
would not be willing to make for his mis
take.' He would even get down on his
knees to riKht the wrong.
No one seriously believes that George
W. Emmons has any knowledge of the let
ters. He Is a genial and impulsive man.
but not one who would stoop to sending
anonymous letters. He Is as anxious as
anyl>ody to clear up the mystery. He
thinks there is evidence of a conspiracy
to fasten the offense on him.
Delanoy failed to receive any letters to
day.
At Point of Death.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Mrs. James McDon
ald, wlfeof theasslstant pastor of theFlrst
Presbyterian Church, was stricken trim
cerebral hemorrhage yesterday and is now
hovering at the point of death at her
home. 1119 v^est street. She was slightly
improved to-day, but Is etlll •in a very
precarious condition. The patient is over
60 years of age and for that reason the
doctors do not entertain very great hopes
for her recovery. • ¦ hrfnll-3K
Foresters Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Court OaKland No.
3237. Independent Order of Foresters,
• lf-cted the following officers for the en
euing year: Chief ranger, Samuel A.
"VVJlliard; vice chief ranger, George E.
Handle; financial secretary. Dr. G. E.
J'.rinkerhoff; recording secretary, 8. A.
L-eckard; treasurer, O. C. Voss; orator. A.
W. Petitt; organist, R. Mott; senior wood
ward, W. P. Ward; Junior woodward, J.
Mapinnis; senior beadle, John F. Smith
Jr.: court deputy, F. M. Furgeson; court
fcfcjsician. J. J. Medroß, 1L D.
Building on University Campus.
BERKELEY, Jan. 6.— Work has begun
on the addition to Harmon Gymnasium,
which is designed to provide an auditor
ium sufficient for university public occa
sions and will cost over $10,000.
Funeral of Douglas B. Woodward.
OAKLAaD, Jan. s.— The funeral of the
late Douglas* B. Woodward of Dimond
was held to-day.
The deceased was formerly a member of
the Canadian Parliament and- was at one
time a prominent lawyer or Montreal. He
ha* lived in California for the past fif
teen >ears and was a man of means. The
funeral services were conducted by the
Rev. F. Rhoda of Fruit vale and the pall
bearers were: Frank J. Moffltt, George W.
Baker, W. E. Dargie, G. E. Plneo.
ROME ANTEDATES ROMULUS.
The Eternal City Existed Before Its
Beputed Founder.
It Is all very well to demolish William
Tell, Shakespeare and Beatrice Cencl, but
when it comes to denying the existence of
Romulus and Remus it is another ques
tion altogether— for the Romans, says the
Pall Mall Gazette.
Although opinions have always dif
fered about the exact date of the founda
tion of Rome, the calculations of the his
torian Varrone have been considered the
most reliable, : who put it at the eighth
century B. C. The people, however, who
desire a definite date have ever declared
that the Eternal City was founded by
Romulus 753 years B. C, and that the au
dacious shepherd laid the first stone on
the Palatine, on April 12 exactly, bo that
the city is now 2602 years old. Now, to
the general indignation, the archaeologist
O. Montelius comes forward with docu
ments to prove that the ancient mistress
of the world arose much earlier than eight
centuries 8.C., there being remains- of
the ninth, tenth,. eleventh and twelfth cen
turies before the Christian era. The con
clusion to be. drawn is that Rome has at
least the respectable age of 3100 years,
that Romulus and his brother have never
existed and that the wolf, kept in the cage
on. the top of the Capltollne Hill, as con
firmation of'the legend, Is nothing but an I
impostor,' - j
HEALTH AND LAZINESS
BASIS OF A DIVORCE
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— A husband's good
physical health connected with laziness is
the basis of the divorce nult brought by
Eliza Rope against James Rope. In her
complaint the ground given is failure to
provide, but the wife also alleges that
though her husband Is blessed with the
Lett of health he is "too lazy to work" and
support h»T and their 10-> tar-old child.
To-day the time for the defendant to file
his answer in the divorce t-ult expired and
a default was entered and the case re
i<rrcd to the Court Commissioner to take
testimony.
Maggie V. Weldon to-day filed Full for
a divorce from Edward E. Weldon, alleg
ing desertion as the ground of her action.
CURSE ON A
HORSE CAUSES
MUCH TROUBLE
Hurdle Jumper Tor
toni Haunted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan.' 5. "
The old hurdle-racer Tortoni has again
got several people into trouble, and
many of the. people conversant with the
history of the animal declare that" It is
suffering from the maledictions of a dis
gruntled jockey. .Not only' that, but sev
eral of them declare that the curse which
attached to the equine sprinter Is bo far
reaching in its effects as to embrace every
person who has anything to do with the
brute. •
The animal was first tracked by Dan
Miller. Although It was one- of the most
promising racers on the coast; bad luck
attended all of Its entries and the horse
invariably lost to inferior bang-tails, and
generally with no apparent- reason. Mil
ler lost $150,000 and went broke before giv
ing up Tortonl; and every man who has
handled him since has been a pecuniary
loser by the transaction.
J. H. Burrls got , hold of the animal
about two years ago on an execution. He
gave the'horse" to" Mike Kenny to ¦ train
and race, but the venture was a losing
one and Burris soon owed the trainer $300
for feed. To liquidate the claim he gave
Tortonl to Kenny and took a chattel
mortgage back for $200.
Kenny then transferred the horse to Al
Smith. The latter won several races at
Ingleside with the animal and then Kenny
sought to have the transfer set aside. The
matter became complicated and Kenny
claimed fraud. Burrls stepped in in the
meantime and . seized the r horse on his
chattel mortgage., The Grand Jury is now
attempting to straighten out the matter.
ANXIOUS BRIDE TRIED
TO HIDE HER IDENTITY
OAKLAND, Jan. s— David Allen John
son, aged 34 years, and Mary Wilbur, aged
27 years, both giving their residence an
St. Louis, obtained a marriage license at
the County Clerk's office this afternoon.
The prospective bride at first gave a mid
dle name of Cabanlss, but later requested
that the middle name be obliterated. In
timating that if it was not her Identity
might be disclosed thereby. After leaving
the clerk's office the couple called at the
homes of several local ministers to be Im
mediately united, but whether they event
ually succeeded, was . not learned. Pre
sumably they did, for early this evening
they left for San Francisco. The bride is
Raid to be a divorcee and a sister of a San
Francisco police officer named Cabanlss.
A METCALF REPUBLICAN
CAMPAIGN CLUB ORGANIZED
ALAMEDA. Jan. 5— A Metcalf Republi
can Club was organized last evening at
Linderman Hall. The club Is composed of
friends of Congressman Vlclor Metcalf,
who dosire to see him re-elected to repre
sent the Third Congressional District.
Thf-re was a large attendance, notwith
standing the fact that it will be seven
months before the Congressional primar
ies are held.
Colonel George C. Babcock presided, and
after organization had been effected was
chosen r>ermanent president without oppo
sition. J. C. BaU-s Jr. was the unanimous
choice for secretary, and 13. B. Dunning
was elected treasurer. The name for the
club was decided as "Metcalf Republican
Campaign Club."
When organization had been completed
the chairman Invited remarks from a
number of those present. The following
addressed the meeting: Judge A. B. Hunt,
Senator E. K. Taylor, Assemblyman J.
R. Knowland. Charles H. Smith, presi
dent of the Alameda Boating Club. City
Trustee Schulte. Theodore Leydecker,
Alexander Mackie. E. A. R&ndlett, J. L.
Fields, George F. Weeks.
First-class passengers in England have
Increased only 10 per cent in ten years,
while the number of third-class passen-
gers has Increased 41 per cent.
CONTEST OVER
THE BACON WILL
BEING HEARD
Alleged Big Mistake
of "Two" for "Ten."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 5.
The contest over the already probated
will of the late Henry Bacon, brought by
Professor Frank Soule and Mrs. Mamie
C. Bacon against F. Page Bacon and the
oCher trustees of the estate, was begun
In real earnest to-day, when the demurrer
of defendants to the bill in equity came
up for argument.
The matter was heard In Judge Ells
worth's department, he and Judges Hall
and Ogden sitting in bank, and tnere was
an array of legal talent and legal lore
seldom witnessed outside of a bupreme
Court room. The long tables were Btacked
with books for citation, around which sat
Attorneys Guy C. Earl, Bishop & Wheeler
and W. W. Deainer, representing "plain
tiffs, and Attorneys R. B. Mitchell, Camp
bell & Fowler, for the trustees.
The contests or suits are over a very
material discovery made by Attorney F.
A. Berlin long after the will had been pro
bated and the estate distributed. It ap
pears that the contestants had received
a copy of the will in which they were be
queathed but "two" thousand dollars, and
this amount they each accepted and gave
receipts for the same. Attorney Berlin
one day. on consulting the original will,
discovered that the latter instrument reaa
"ten" thousand instead of "two" thu
sand in regard to the contestants' lega
cies. A demand for the balance, $16,000,
had been made on the executors, but they
refused.
The demurrer was to the complaint and
supplemental complaint, and during the
argument Attorney Earl stated that it
appeared F. Page Bacon had misled his
wife, now divorced, ns to the amount of
the legacy and that he had congratulated
her upon receiving $2000.
Attorney Mitchetl argued that the court
of equity had no Jurisdiction to set the
decree of distribution aside, and the mat
ter was continued until February 12, to
be submitted on briefs.
MIZPAH ANDEAVORERS
SUESTS OF A MEMEBER
OAKLAND. Jan. s.— The Mizpah Christian Endeavor Society of the i
First Methodist . Church, an Intermediate organization that counts
some very popular young people In its membership, was entertained
last evening by Oliver B. Smith, one of the society, at the home of
his parents, CC4 Twelfth street. About fifty guests were present and a de
lightful three hours was passed with music and games. Refreshments were
served.
Among those present were: Mrs. O. B. Smith, Misses Sadie, Minnie and
Grace Smith. May Patterson, Blanche Liddell, Eva Fulton, Josle Lemon.
Hazel Nopal. Emily Dillon, Beulah Summers, Florence Lawson, Florence
Burpee, Bessie Lancaster, Helen Irving, Edna Bolten, Edna Santer. Emma
Covert, Lucretia Gross. Vivenne Clarke, Clair and : Minnie Walton. Lena
Dubois, Ora Bunker. Ella Flemmlng, Gertrude Hutchinson. Mabel McCut
cheon, Leigh Free. Robin Rucker, Margaret Wythe, Ellen Fearn. Laura and ¦
Clara Norman, and Messrs. Oliver B. Smith Jr.. Dr. Dllle, Paul M. Spencer,
Elbert Liddell, I'-.lry Wagor, Walter Macaulay, Joe. Gross. Guy Brown. Har
old Lancaster, Roy und Charles Clarke, Robert Cnuldwell, Harvey Pollltt,
Rnymond Crane, Dave Wilkles, Keith McCullagh, Eugene O'Connell. Ed
win Walton, Clarence Butler, Eddie Bloat, C. Edgar Burton and Archibald
McDonald.
Two very Interesting engagements have been lately made public. One Is
that of Miss Sara Whitney, the sculptor, to Charles Robinson, a well-known
artist. Miss Whitney, who Is now in Paris, was before her departure for
abroad very popular in society here. She had also done some very credi
table art work, which led to her going to the French capital bent on a
greater range of study. * ..f ;
The other engagement is that of Miss Margaret Shearer and Roy Gup
py. Miss Shearer is a niece of Professor Rising 'of the State University and
has chosen teaching as her profession. Mr. Guppy Is a civil engineer and
graduated at Berkeley.
The next two weeks will be busy ones for those who enjoy terpslcho
reun pleasures. The Epislon Chapter of Phi Sigma" gives a ball on Fri
day and the fortnightly follows the next evening. On the Wednesday fol
lowing the Berkeley Cotillon Club will meet in Shattuck Hall. The Friday
Night Club will dance tho next evening. *¦''¦?'• ''¦':'. "
Steel Bails for Berkeley R oad.
BERKELEY. Jan. s.— Four carloads of
rails for the new electric line to North
Berkeley arrived at Berryman station to
day, with the steel trolley wire poles nec
essary to connect with the Telegraph ave
nue line at Bancroft way. Construction
will begin as soon as the franchise Is in
satisfactory shape.
Patterson Estate Divided.
OAKLAND. Jan. s.— The large estate
of George Patterson, deceased, of Wash
ington Township has been divided be
tween the widow and her two sons. The
estate includes 7f£6.4fs acres of land in that
township and the personal property In
cludes J01,992 92 in cash and a promissory
note for $50,000 given by J. C. and E.
Whlpple of Deeoto; another note of S. F.
Brown for $5000 and over 125 head of
cattle.
MRS KELLY IS
THE LATEST NEW WOMAN
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Mrs. Helen
Kelly, formerly superintendent of
the Associated Charities, has com
rr\rv.ee<\ the new year by becom
ing a full-fledged new woman. She has
gone into the real estate business and
Intends to become an active competitor
of a!l the male reaJty hustlers in Oak
land. She has established an office at
Twelfth and Clay streets and will deal
in everything in the dirt line from a
planet down to 20x13 lots in the village of
Lonely ville.
"'My specialty will be the renting of
rooms to young women who are strang
er?." said Mrs. Kelly to-day. "Durics
the years that I was identified with the
Associated Charities I learned that there
are a preat many young ladies who come
here from other localities and are fear
ful lest they pet into places that are not
respectable. I am well acquainted every
where end think that I can find homes
for this class of young women which will
prove satisfactory to them. Of course I
ehall deal in real estate generally, but
this cla^s- of work will be the general
feature of my business and everything
else will be subordinate to It."
Death of a Female Pioneer.
LIVERMORE. Jan. s.— Mrs. M. O'Brien,
widow of the late Captain O'Brien, died
yesterday after a protracted illness. Tho
deceased came to California with her hus
band, in the early sixties. He was at one
time one of the largest sheep owners in
the State, possessing ranches comprising
thousands of acres. In addition to that
he was largely engaged in the coal min
ing inaustry. The funeral has not yet
been arranged.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Five hundred
Chinamen occupied the center of
the First Methodist Church this
afternoon. Some wore the garb of
their native land, some were dressed in
the latest American fashion, while some
wore a hybrid costume that savored of
both America and China, but all came to
pay their respects to the memory of Rev.
F. J. Masters, for more than fifteen years
superintendent of the Methodist Chinese
mission In San Francisco. They were a
portion of the converts that had been
made by Dr. Masters during his work in
San Francisco, and there were no more
sorrowful mourners in the great church
than these Chinese.
The Chinese, among whom Dr. Masters
had worked all his life, made special re
quest that they be permitted to take an
active part in the funeral, and this re
quest was granted, even to the giving of
two Chinese addresses, which were trans
lated into English by Dr. Gardner, the ,
Chinese interpreter of the Custom-house
in San Francisco. Each Chinese who par
ticipated actively in the services wore a
small knot of white ribbon in his coat,
this being the Oriental mourning color,
and these little strips of white ribbon
were a strong contrast to the somber
black of the white mourners in the
church.
All of the prominent Methodist divines
and workers in this section of the State
attended the funeral to show th^'r respect
for the departed one. the following being
present:
Rev. A. T. Needham, East Oakland;
Rev. N. G. Nelson, Fresno; Rev. W. B.
Prlddy. Walnut Creek: Rev. G. D. Pinneo.
Dimond; Rev. T. H. Rhoads. San Lean
dro; Rev. John Stephens, San Francisco;
Rev. John Thompson. Oakland; Rev. W.
S. I'rmy. San Francisco: Rev. W. M.
Woodward, San Francisco; Rev. 11. N.
Williams. Nana: Rev. J. A. B. Wilson.
San Francisco: Rev. H. B. Heacock. Santa
Clara: Rev. J. D. Hammond,' San Fran
clfco: Rev. M. C. Harris. San Francisco;
Rev. John Klrby. Alameda; Rev. Alfred
Kumrr.er, San Jose; Rev. Thomas Leak,
Crescent City; Rev. C. G. Mllnes. Fruit
vale; Rev. William Angwln. Campbell;
Rev. M. H. Alexander, Livermore; Rev.
J. R. Andrews. S:in Francisco; Rev. F. 1).
Bovard, Santa Rosa; Rev. George Clifford.
Sutter Creek; Rev. \V. W. Case, San
Francisco; Rev. E. R. Dille, Oakland;
Rev. E. P. Bennett. Alameda; ltev.
Thomas Filben, Santa Cruz; Kotaro Ka
wase, Oakland, and Kengoso Obata of San
Francisco.
The following ministers of other denom
inations were also present: Rev. George
Officers Elected.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— The following offi
cers for the ensuing term have been elect
ed by Piedmont Parlor No.- ; 87. Native
Daughters of the Golden West: Past pres
ident. Mr?. T. Paul; president, Mrs. E.
Swanky; first vice president. Miss A.
Hammerly; second vice president. Miss. E.
Vorrath; third vice president. Miss L.
Hammerly; recording secretary. Miss A.
Tobln: financial- secretary. Mrs. E. Mun
son; treasurer. Mrs. T. Frick; marshal.
Miss J. I.«on*; trustees, Mis,s A. Bock;
Miss M. Ron*. Miss L. Jacobsen: Inside
sentinel. Mrs. A. Knabbe; Inside sentinel,
Mrs. A. Wood; physician. Mrs. Dr. Naah.
LIBRARY SITE DEED
IS PLACED ON RECORD
OAKLAND. Jan. s.— The final step in
the matter of this city acquiring a suit
able site for the proposed Carnegie library
building was taken to-day. The deed from,
Sarah W. Deeming, on behalf of the Ebell
Society, to the city of Oakland, wherein
title to the lot 150x150 feet at the south
west corner of Grove and Fourteenth
streets is transferred, was filed by City
Clerk Tompkins for record. The consid
eration is stated at $20,000 and one of the
clauses of the deed specifically recites tho
fact that the property Is to be used as a
site for a library building.
HUNTER NEARLY DROWNED
BY OVERTURNING OF A SKIFF.
ALAMEDA Jan. s.— The capsizing of a
skiff nearly cost Hervey Darneal Jr. of
903 Grand street his life Wednesday night.
Young Darneal was hunting on the bay
until after dark, and while attempting to
shoot some ducks that were flying over
him capsized his boat, lie wore heavy
clothing, which weighted him so mucn
that he was unable to swim ashore — a
good half-mile distant. He had to con
tent himself with calling lustily for
assistance and hoping that it would coma
to him before he became too exhausted
to reta'n his hold on tne keel of the up
turned iklff.
Darneai was in the water for over an
hour and he felt himself growing be
numbed and weaker. Finally his snouts
were heard by John Havens, keeper of the
Encinal Yacht Club, and Thomas O'Con
nor, who nves near the bay shore. They
hastily put off in « boat and just reached
Darneal in time to save him.
DR. MASTER'S CONVERTS
MOURNED HIS DEATH
TO IMPROVE THE
LAKE FRONTAGE
ALONG JACKSON
Residents Plan Public
Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 5.
The property owners of Jackson street
have decided to erect a handsome balus
trade at the foot of that thoroughfare to
prevent horses and people from acciden
tally walking into the lake at that point.
Several weeks ago the city made arrange
ments to place a fence there at a cost of
$25. but when the residents of this neigh
borhood learned of this they declared that
the thing must be a more ornate affair.
A. Schilling, who owns the land con
tiguous to the lake, has agreed to stand
half the cost of the matter, and the bal
ance will be subscribed by other property
owners in the vicinity. Th« balustrade
will cost in the- neighborhood of JlOOO.
THE MATRON
AND YOUTH HAVE
DISAPPEARED
Two Vacancies in Two
Oakland Homes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 5.
The people of East Oakland are all agog
over the supposed elopement of a seven
teen-year-old youth of that locality with
a matron who has passed thirty-five sum
mers and winters before getting into the
twentieth century. The lady who is said
to possess migratory affections is Mrs.
J. Davis, the wife of a railroad man re
siding at 1181 East Twenty-second street.
The youngster who is accused of being
her paramour Is William Crowhurst Jr.,
an awkward, freckle-faced, tow-haired
boy who but recently emerged from
school and has not yet fully embarked
upon a career of self-support. Gossiping
neighbors say that the infatuation was
mutual. As a result the couple are now
gone from Oakland and are supposed to
be enjoying the honeymoon of a whilom
love somewhere in the north.
Crowhurst. pere, who is an evangelist
and temperance lecturer, with no perma
nent lecturing place, has repudiated his
son and has called down the wrath from
above upon the head of his child and the
female who is said to have alienated the
affections of the susceptible youth. The
husband of the woman, however. takes
the matter complacently and declares that
the scandal has been caused by the un
necessary frothings of the erstwhile de
nouncer of the demon rum.
"It is true that my wife left Oakland,"
said Mr. Davis, "but I know where she
is and am confident that she will soon re
turn. Several weeks ago I received an
anonymous letter in which her relations
with young Crowhurst were denounced.
Although I did not believe the accusa
tions she got hold of the epistle and be
came sick in consequence. Then she went
away. Young Crowhurst also left town,
but I do not know whether they went to
gether."
Davis said that he had not placed the
letter In the hands of the postal authori
ties and that he had no Intention of doing
so. He Intimated that he knew who the
author was, but* would pay no attention to
it, although he admitted that it had vili
fied his wife in a most scathing manner.
His twelve-year-old -daughter cried bit
terly when asked the whereabouts of her
mother, and declared that she did not
know.
The father of young Crowhurst was out
of the city. His mother was seen, how
ever, and when asked where her boy was
she contemptuously declared that 11 would
be necessary to locate Mrs. Davis In order
to find him.
IT ENJOYED A
"GOOD THING"
IN THE ENCINAL
» «.
Sunset Company May
Forfeit Franchise.
ALAMEDA. Jan. s.— Thus reads section
four of the franchise granted the Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company by the
city of Alameda. March 12. ISSS. In the
face of this positive agreement to furni3h
the municipality with free telephone ser
vice the Sunset Company seeks to mulct
the city of 5579 25. at the same time charg
ing the people of Alameda extortionate
rates for service and disfiguring the
•treets with hideous skyscraplng poles
and multitudinous wires.
The Sunset Company has presented to
the Board of Trustees a bill for JCT9 23 for
twelve months' telephonic service ren
dered the city officials. The company has
entirely ignored the free telephone pro
viso embodied in the franchise. For eleven
years the Sunset monopoly presented
monthly its little bills, and they were paid
promptly. The city unburdened itself of
*om*> $2300 during the eleven years, which
Jt rcipht just as well have retained had
the existence of the free service section
be^n known to the officials.
The city officials seem to have been in
Utter Ignorance that there was such a
section. Bills might have been honored
until doomsday had not The Call made the
discovery that there was one. The atten
tion of the Board of Trustees was directed
to it by a story published in The Call on
January 4. IS?9. The City Attorney was
requested to examine the franchise and
to pass upon the legal status of the bills
presented with such regularity for pay
ment. In his written opinion to the Trus
tees he stated that- the telephone company
could not collect for rental of telephones
placed in public offices or the transmission
of messages relative to public business.
The disclosure that money was illegally
paid out did not fease the Sunset people
in the least. They cheerfully continued to
present bill? to the city until to date the
accrued amount is $679 25. They have
waited patiently enough now for payment,
and are ready to go to any length to man
ufacture trouble for the city. Th*> City
Trustees anticipate a legal battle with the
telephone monopolists, and will fight to
the end.
The first move In the controversy was
made several days apo, when Manacvr
Fleming of the Oakland office of the Sun
pet Company notified City Clerk Lamborn
that he had betn instructed to take all
telephones out of the City Hall. If the
company persists In its intention it Trill
be met ¦with an injunction suit, and the.
City Trustees may declare a franchise for
feited and order wires and poles ren.a.ed.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
Club Women discuss
Jhe Cftfentieth Century CJirL
o
c
Seneral jCawton % €mma 9/cvada
as & • as a
Jfnew Jfcim, o California SirL
By CAPTAIN N. FRANK %
, LESLIE, Chief Scout O
// Jn ffext\
Tfome as a Sold" % TJhe &irst Election
Seeker's % in Tfome City.
'¦ \ • o -
— ; ....-, • - c j
Cqli/ornia's o • S&ooksj
&irst jCegislature. • fashion, fiction.
o .
Head Next Sunday s Call January 7.
11
la consideration of the
rights herein granted all mes
sages relating to the public
business of the city of Ala
meda shall bo transmitted
over its wires in said city free
of charge by said company.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL • SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
lIUSINKSS CHANCES— Continued.
CORNER saloon: cheap if taken at once. COW-
ING A. CO.. 1130 Market st.
CIGAR «tcre on Market St.; sickness cause of
sale. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market St.
GROCERY and bar: corner; fine place; must be
sold. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market St.
CANDY etore. with rooms; cheap rent; must
sell. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market St.
ROOMING house; north of Market St.: big bar-
gain; sickness. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market.
BRANCH bakery, with rooms; bargain; eick-
nets cause. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market gt.
SAIXJON on Market St.; see It to-day. COW-
ING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
WANTED^-A partner with $3000 to go In Cape
Nome transr>ortation business; chance to
make IIW.OOO this year: don't answer this ad
If you haven't the required amount. Box
1565. Call olttce.
WANTED— $50"0 for fully secured proposition;
guarantee J2OCO profit in 6 months. Address
Business, Call ofllce, Oakland.
$1500— GROCERY, bar. coal yard; Mission; big
bargain. Particulars 124 Oak st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. 60S Second St.,
near South Park.
$250— HALF interest In dining room of hotel
having €50 rooms. Apply 743 Mission st.
I HAVE $?4.000 of stock to sell In
blocks of $500 and up; backed dollar for dol-
lar by bonus; equally as good as Government
bonds: this stock Is guaranteed to draw 5 per
cent payable in advance seml-annually. with
a, good prospect of earning from 25 to 30 per
cent- open to the fullest Investigation. Ad-
dress box 4850. Call office.
HALF Interest for sale— Partner wanted In
sporting saloon situated in sporting part of
town. Parties interested apply Scandia Sa-
loon 433 Bush St.; only small capital needed
to make Improvements; piano, private apart-
ments. etc.
OFFERED— Limited amount of stock In the
most promising group of gold mines In this
Plate, at $1 per share; continuous dividends
assured within six months. Call or address
905 Call building.
SMALL capital required to place patent bearing
strictest Investigation; principals only dealt
with by letter to STEPHEN O'KEEFFE, at-
torney, Parrott building, city.
FOR sale— 3-chair barber 6hop and cigar stand;
cheap; -owner wishes to leave city. Apply at
DECKELMAN BROS.. lOC Ellle St.
FOR sale — Liquor store. Including building and
lease; with or without etock. Apply to owner,
220 Ea*t «t.
CHOICE business for tale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4519. Call offlce.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and more in work. WM. HENDRICKSON
& CO.. 614 Call offlce.
I HAVE money to Invest In mining. Address
NEW YORK box 4179. Call.
WANTED— To purchase, half Interest In coun-
try barber shop. Address box 4159. Call offlce.
$U«— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy store foi
sale. Address box 41SS, Call offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and |
subscrlpitno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR' sale — A well-matched team of white
horses, weight about SOO each, 9 and 10 years
old; a brand-new set of work harness and a
llftht delivery watron with top attached, suit-
able for a peddler, price $75: a good, cheap
chance; must be sold within week. For fur-
ther particulars apply to A. M. SILVEY,
Newark, Cal.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. £2S Harrison.
NEWand2d-hand wagons. bugjrles. carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. l*th and Valencia.
ALL kinds cf wagons. buKKies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
bugfrlcs. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 253-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3^-40 Bth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Ca. 402 Sutter St.;
- tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTONS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie i-44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS 'AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DH. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you «iow to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamD for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A-PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; if In doußt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed In from J to 6
months: letters containing three questions and
$1 answered: hours, 9 to 8; Sunday. 10 to 2.
NOTICE— DR. CRAIG. California's well-known
and successful ¦ clairvoyant physician, re-
turned and opened office* at 17 Powell st. :
consultation and examination of all diseases
free; satisfaction guaranteed in all spiritual-
istic work; readings by appointment and
special attention given to correspondents.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes tt., room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance.
tect medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer.
339 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
MME. LEN EM AR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 rescued Ftrnr Gold. 225 Mason, r. 7.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921V4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. MOREAU, the beet medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-
night. 8: Tuesday, 2 p. m. ; consultation daily.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readlnrs. 2Sc. ,-•.•• : :
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
Ft.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212 V& Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: name* given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2f.c: ladies. 914 o'Farrell st.
'V-Vj. DOG HOS PITA L.
DR^BUZA^arS^D^KTlospitaJrp^strFlilmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West C 36.
DENTISTS.
A^DR. T. eTlliliGTNi^^entaT^a^iors" 927
Market si..' over. Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllnro
from $1 up; ether fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 DO Oj.; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry —
Eynol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; s«« our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted lor 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plat*; fillings. DOc; crowns. $3 60; plates
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth st.
AT the. ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 ilar-
ket st-. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
nave your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty ; gold crowno.
n to up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hears 9 « m . to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ct.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4(
rubber -or flexible plates, tt; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
1 specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full s?t of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In 8. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry. $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. U. oT
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS, $3; skirts, 75c; made on short notice.
273 Minna st., near Fourth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand; lessons 1 hour each
day or evening. $2 50 a week; with application
any student can go through Marsh manu&l In
6 weeks. 300 Van Ness aye. V.**".?
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall; day and eve. 302 Mont.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 904 Taylor st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett, Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell 6t.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; vlqlln. mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College, 205 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPAN ES E -<n?U?E^F¥mprTgency 7 alfklnds
help. GKO. OAKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132 L
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. C 55 Clay St.; phone Davis $21.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post St.; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce —
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires a situation.
__J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
2 SCANDINAVIAN cooks desire situations; best
of references. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. >".-
GERMAN woman wishes position as flrst-class
cook in hotel or restaurant. 79 Jessie st.
WANTED— PIain sewing and mending to do
at home. 255 A Third et.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
lng or washing; $1 25 and carfare. Send postal
to 127 Turk at.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper.
Address box 4852. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wants situation;
city references. Call 1022 Larkin st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day or
at home; city references. Box 4889, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman of experience; good
cook; reference: wants situation as working
housekeeper. Call Germanla Gardens, Harbor
View.
RELIABLE woman, with a boy S years old,
• wishes a situation as working housekeeper.
Call or address J. G., 1725 Devlsadero St., near
Sutter.
SEAMSTRESS desires position to do second
work and sewing or chamberwork; seam-
stress. 1216 Filbert st.
GERMAN girl, good washer and ironer, wishes
work for few more days, steady, every week.
418 Powell st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to take care of a
child or an Invalid. Address 222 B st.. North
Oakland.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st,. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bua
and bacgace to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble hou«e of t;NCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and eubecrlptions has been opened
at 1??3 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
E M PLO YM ENT WANTED M ALeT~
YOUNG man. 10H years' experle^ncTiaisHisates"
man, solicitor, collector, 5 years in general
merchandise business, wishes position- will
go to Philippine Islands, Hawaii. Cuba,
Alaska or Paris Exposition; reference and
security If required. Address box 4239, Call.
A— s2s WILL be given to any one procuring me
a responsible position of any kind; capable;
can give good reference and security. Box
4SOS, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man to
take charge of some doctor's offlce; small
wapes expected. HENRY ANDERSEN, 332
Bush St., telephone East 963.
WANTED— Position by young man as sales-
man In city or on the road with wholesale
house; can furnish best Eastern and city ref-
erences. Box 4S6S, Call offlce.
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch;
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook.
Call or address H. D., 474 Jessie st.
PHYSICIAN and surgeon, European experience,
wants position; would take care of Invalid.
Box 4570. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook; wide experi-
ence and good reputation. GEO. STALL, 312
Stockton st. • '
RELIABLE young man with some capital
wishes a paying situation; can speak German;
no objection to traveling. Box 4257, Call.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants situation at
general housework. H. V., 35 Willow aye.
SITUATION by young man to finish plumber**
trade. 504 O'Farrell st. ,-•--;.
BUTLER, valet or cook by learned Japanese.
Address O. X.. box 4SC9, Call offlce.
A SOBER single man, with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good prun«r
and steady worker, who knows every dlbea^e
of trees and the remedy for It. and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position . at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and purt on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call offlce. .
PASTRY cook and confectioner: young mar
Just out from England requires position ai
Kecond or third In flrst-class place; hlgr
wagea not expected. Box 4591, Call office.
FIRST-CLAS3 plumber, gasfltter and tlnnei
wants employment In or out of town. Ad-
dress F. D. E., 1233 Market st.
YOUNG man wishes work In machine shop tc
complete trade. Address box 4201, Call offlce,
SOBER middle-aged German wants position In
private family; understands care of garden,
horses, cow, etc.; city or country; wages $15.
Address box 41S1. Call.
WANTED— Position by young man; 5 years'
experience in hardware and stove business.
Box 4255, Call.
BORROW money on diamonds and .watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RELIABLE man. understanding citrus, de-
ciduous and ornamental'trees, horses, garden,
want* to care for home place; private family
references. Address A..L. 8.. 641 Bush st. . •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia ct.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m. '
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements anc
subscriptions has been established at thi
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till i p. m.
' EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market tt.. San Francisco; exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT new flat: 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 715 Grove st. -v--
IF you want to meve get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montson cry.
$18 — SUNNY modern new flat, ;5; 5 rooms, bath.
Corner Twenty-second and Castro Bts.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama St.. near Eighth.
BORROW money of the respectable and relta-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS; 15 Grant aye.
FLATS TO- J..ET FURNISHED.
5 BIRCH aye.— 4 rooms and~bath; nicely fur-
nished. - i '; >i ',
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny upper flat of 3 or 4 rooms In
this city or Oakland by mother and son.
Box 4186. Call. -
KKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643, Los Angeles, 'Cal. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 80x60 Inch rugs.
$1. * Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evenings.
HANDSOME ash bedroom set; no dealers. 607
Eighth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays
the highest' prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3353.
WANTED-$5OOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Pilversteln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— First-class second girl. Menlo Park
$25. see lady this forenoon: German -second
girl, $26, see lady at 11 a. m. ; 4 nurses. $20;
6 second girls, $20, $25; German nurse. $20,
see lady this forenoon to go to Los Angeles;
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants; hotel
cook, 10 people, .country, $30; 3 Scandinavian
girls, $25; housework. 3 in family,- $25; Prot-
estant laundress, $30; nurse for institution,
$20; 40 girls for housework and cooking. $20,
$25. $30. city and country. J- F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST,
Chambermaid to wait, mining boarding house,
$30; 5 chambermaids, hotel. Southern Cali-
fornia, special rates, $20; 20 waitresses, city
and country. $25. $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20; cook, boarding house,
$25; 30 girls, housework. $25, J2O. $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary 9t.
8 FANCY lroners. Southern California, one-
half rates, $30, apply to-day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for llcht housework. FRANCIS.
796 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmers; only the best
that have worked In leading establishments
need apply. FRANCIS. 796 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young lady to train for nurse; must
be high school graduate. Apply between 2
and 3 p. in., Bellevue Sanitarium, 1609 Jack-
son st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking and
laundress; must sleep at home; references.
600 Capp st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery
and confectionery; German preferred. 1410
Polk s^
WANTED— A flrst-class German cook and
baker; good wages. Apply at 1720 Pine ct.,
between 12 and 2 or after 5 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrappers;
electrtc power; steady work; good pay.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market eU
200 OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear
to take work home. 723 Market St.. room 35.
GOOD German girl wanted for housework at
1126 York St.
GIRL for light housework. 2777 Twenty-fourth
street.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; must
sleep home. 3437 Twentieth St.. near Capp.
WOMAN for general housework and take care
of children. 2584 Post st.
WANTED— First-class skirt maker. 616 But-
ter st.
CHAMBERMAID wanted. Inquire at 321 Ellis
Et., The Rosedale.
WANTED— Young girl to assist wait at table,
restaurant. 6SO Fourth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework and care of
children; sleep home. 2529 Folsom st. . '•¦,
ELDERLY woman to assist and mind children;
good home; $5 month. 457 Tenth St.
WANTED— GirI to assist In care of child; refer-
ences required; must sleep at home. 1961 Pine.
GIRL for light housework and sleep home.
3035 Sixteenth St., above Mission.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; $15 a
month. 312 Scott St.
WANTED — Good strong slrl for general house-
work. 4050 Twenty-fourth St.; take Castro-
st. car.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do gen-
eral housework and plain' cooking; wages
$18. Apply 11 Scott St., after 9 a. m.
LADIES to iearn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; hairdresstng taught In four weeks. Call
or write for free illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt trimmer: none but experi-
enced need apply. 336 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny Bt., room 20.
WANTED— GirI to wait on table. 662 Fulton
street.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good,
steady girls; good pay. NEWBAUER BROS.,
18 First si.
EXPERIENCED lady canvassers on salary, ad-
vertising a California production In city and
country. Address box 1001. Call.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser, and manicure; also
girl to learn. 240 Stockton st.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WOMAN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
1 Factory. 36% Fremont St.; elevator. _^
! LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
, A BRANCH olflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
; HELP WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEir&~C^..!....".IO4^GEARY "st!
; Hoisting engineer for a mine, $2 50 a day;
! blacksmith, country shop, $3 a day; black-
smith, country shop, $50 and board; 2 milkers.
$25 and found.
Night cook for a railroad camp, $40; baker,
hotel, $33; second cook, restaurant, $50; cook,
small hotel. $30; 2 neat young German walt-
i ers, $40; 2 hotel waiters. $30; waiter, coun-
try hotel. $25. C. 11. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BARBER for country hotel. For particulars
¦ see C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st,
• WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $50
i to- $55; American farmer and wife, $35 and
Increase: blacksmith, $3 day; woodchoppers.
$1 25 cord; milker; second cook, $50; waitress,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento . St. . :-
WANTED — 50 woodchoppers for railroad wood,
$1 25 cord, long Job and reduced fare. J. F.
i CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st."
i BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
. BARBERS' Progressive' Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
> WANTED— Young man who has a genera
knowledge of clothing, furnishing goods
boots and shoes, etc.; references; single man
1 no others need apply. Address box 4867, Call.
'. RELIABLE man to drive wagon, solicit and
deliver orders at the American Clothing Ren-
ovutory. Dyeing and Cleaning Works; smnll
capital required. GUS BERNZOTT. 150 Eddy.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In light out-
door work: will pay $16 per week; must have
1 $100. 1016 Market St., room 10.
' $15 A WEEK— Young man as partner In estab-
lished business; duties, to collect; must have
$200. Box 26, Call office, Oakland. ;
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
" street.
• BARBER— Steady Job for right man. 252 Ellis
street. *
I BARBER for Saturday. 519 Kearny st.
- BARBER Saturday ar.d all day Sunday; one for
» evening. 108 Fourth ;st.
- YOUNG man to learn barber trade for $25; writ-
ten guarantee given. Call 234 Clara st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
M^jß^rATx^E^GDYTrrrrTrrao^JE^^ujTsis
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY 7 A M
12 pruners and farm hands $26, $20 and fd
farmer and wife for orchard $35 and found
stablemen, chore boys and men
$40. $20. $10 and found
2 milkers and butter makers
$25 and $30 and found
cabinet makers, gardeners, blacksmith's help-
ers, boyn In stores. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. -
WE PAY YOUR FARES
..TO SAWMILLS. ETC.
12 laborers, call early $26 and found
25 laborers .....'...520 to $40 and found
153 woodchoppers. tlemakers, shingle and post
picket makers. $2. $1 50, $1 70 cord. 10c. 12c
each. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
HOTEL BAKERY OTHER DEPTS.
Cook, country hotel, fare $1 $50 and found
11 cooks, boarding houses, hotels, restaurants,
private families, etc.... 550. $40, $30. $25 and fd
2 butchers $52 to $63
baker, $33; 2 third hand bakers, $30, $25 and
found
11 waiters $33, $30. $25. $20 and found
waiter for mine $30 and found
boys for bakeries, elevators and stores. $15
an<l found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German or
Scandinavian preferred. 816 Treat aye.
WANTED— Boy to work around oyster house.
212 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man to assist on the range. Rosemont
. Restaurant. 506 Howard st. ¦. -,*¦
ELDERLY man ns cook. 322 Main st.
NIGHT cook. 207 Third st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay.st.
BOY for drug store; $2 50 week. Apply box 4288,
Call offlce.
BOOTBLACK wanted at barber shop, 115 Lar-
kln st.
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a Jobbing
house dealing In farming Implements and ve-
hicles; state references and salary desired.
Address box 4973. Call offlce.
MEN and women toWearn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER BCHOOL, 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN snd green hands for cruise south.
227 Pacific St.
CHINESE boy. cook and waiter, wishes sltua-
tlon In family. W. Y. F.. 21 Brenham place.
SOBER steady man with small capital in good
paying business. 79 Third st.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and collect;
salary $15 a week and expenses. Address
Manufacturer. P. O. box 1027. Phlla.. Pa.
MESSENGER boy; apply In own handwriting;
state age and give references. P. O. box 2043.
WANTED— A boy at Hayes Valley Printing and
Stationery Co.. 310 Hayes st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.' 662 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert in-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver blouse, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c nUht; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions nas been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p.m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second p.nd Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES fcr sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market Ft., bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also seme fine matched black teams.
BUSINESS mare. $30; top buggy. $20; horse.
$7 50; light wagon, $30. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team, 16Vj; 10 years
old. DAL7JEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. Aye.
HOUSES — LODGINfi FOR SALE.
s^ulrance~cut-money to loan.
$2000—20 rooms; Geary, near Powell,
$lSOO— 2B rooms; rent $75.
$550 — 8 rooms— On Union Square.
$3000—30 rooms; Sutter St., near Mason.
2700— 2S rooms; O'Farrell. near Leavenworth.
$900 — 10 rooms; Hyde, near Eddy. - •'.
$SoO— l3 rooms; Ellis, near Leavenworth.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market sC
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS
30 rooms; new house; new furniture $2000
44 rooms; corner; part cash: rent $125 2000
64 rooms; corner; part cash 8900
34 rooms: part cash; corner 1250
33 rooms; corner; rent $125; elegant 2000
13 rooms: piano; elegant 850
18-ROOM house: all new; central $750
17-room house; rent $50 450
C5-room house; clears $450 4000
10-room house; nice home 325
55-room house; clears $200 1800
Money loaned. Gale ft Benson, 320 Parrott bid.
14 ROOMS: well furnished: rent $40 $350
11 rooms; all rented; rent $20 273
40 rooms; fine location; rent $75 1000
100 rooms at great bargain; rent $200 SGOO
65 r.; rent $100; $1700. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$700— LODGING-HOUSE, li rooms, north of
Market st. : bargain If sold to-day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 V& Market st.
GREAT sacrifice— lo rooms, with piano; good
location: cheap rent; must go at once. GALE
ft BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60. ' >v«:
LOVELY modern 6-room house, $18. 750 Bush
St.; key at 71SA Bush st.
9-ROOM house; 313 Vi O'Farrell St., near Mason,
rear entrance; fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AND FOUND.
LEFT standing In the hallway of Central
building, opposite the entrance of Sherman
& Clay's Hall on Thursday afternoon, a sil-
ver-headed umbrella. The finder will receive
a llberai reward by returning It to 307 San-
some st., room 6.
LOST— A gold watch fob; Maltese cross with
enameled French and American flags; name
on back. J. F. BOUTES. Finder please re-
turn to 305 Montgomery aye. and receive lib-
eral reward^ ,
IF the gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1025 Pine Bt. he will
receive reward. v. '¦¦
LOST — New Year's eve, downtown, sunburst
pin with diamond In center: liberal reward
finder. J. KAHN & CO.. 306 Sacramento.
LOST — January 4, on Clay, near Baker, fox
terrier: collar and license No. 190 "duplicate."
Reward If returned to 3024 Clay st.
DECEMBER 27, bag containing pocketbook. $6
change, cards, other articles. Please return
MRS. L. A. JOHNSON. 412 Brannan ; reward.
LOST — Brown pointer pup;, white breast, four
white feet. Return to 411 San Jose aye.; re-
ward.
LOST — Black and white settor, tan spot over
one eye. Please return to 120S Devlsadero st.
FOUND — Boxes of stockings; prove property
and pay expenses. Call at 859 Howard at.
FOUND— Spaniel dog, license tag 3120. Inquire
215^4 Tehama St.- _ .
LOST— Gentleman's gold watch with fob at-
tached in going from 403 Turk st. to Crocker
building. Please return to 423 Turk; liberal
reward.
LOST— New Year's morning, on Halght, near
Webster, small black and tan dog; collar and
license No. 2739; $5 reward if returned to 420
Halzht st.
LOST— Book of sheet music. Zlmmer composer.
Reward at 2164 Fifteenth st. .
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black spot on
head; has pups. Return to 1428 Turk: reward.
BORROW on diamonds; "perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best ot care: guaranteed
treatment at offlce. $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st.. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
offlce $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. Fj Office. 113 Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care:
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: hours 10 to S. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully: treatment can be used
at home: consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023H Market st.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
I*l. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years:
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5: consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scten-
•tlflc methcrts; cure guaranteed; treatment li.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a m. to 6 p. ns. ; at residence. 22S Van Ness
aye., 5 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the Indies' specialist. HIS Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St., bet. Hyde
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 60 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 6-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Sta
floor. Mills bnildlnr. S F. : tel. Main K44.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
I?*RS. counters, showcases, shelvtnsr. mirrors.
bought sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth. •
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
FOR sale— Duck boat. 2632*4 Bryant St.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market st.- San Francisco.
CANARY birrtji; see. hear and buy. at LOH-
MANN'S, 3168 Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
CHOICE canary for sale, $2 50; also female. 722
Hayes st.
2 LARGE fireproof safes cheap at RAPHAEL'S.
Kearny and Sacramento sts.
A— s3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM, 1832 Market st.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Loan offlce, 702 Kearny st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines; 5 drawers:
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplier,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 515 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boiler*,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whltelaw,2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND typewriter, modern make;
must be In good condition and a bargain for
spot cash. Address, giving maker's name,
age, particulars, etc. Box 1567. Call. L->* ¦:=
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. 323
Gclden Gate aye.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Addreaa box 1354. Call offlce.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays: try all ethers, then see me: $30
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 632 Market.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
1851; our own fireproof building; Private en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry ai low-
est rate 9. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 546 Mark:t
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per ciiit, first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; cl-bttel
mortgages; confidential; r.-l\ice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd iii'.rtgagiis, and en
furniture or pianos: no -»mov:il; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MOST ro T lable •tvlace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. IIE3THAL. 10 Sixth.;
highest prices for old .fold rilver. dlamor.da.
ANY amount by private party on fu»n:ture and
pianos; 'no removal: low rat'j; confidential.
BONELLI. Conserva:orv bide, I.T) Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, <iuick
service; money direct; lowest Interest; R:omt
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan uutldlng.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
OX furniture, planoa, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. bSO Market st.
aiONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2000 on flrsT~mortgage. Address
box 1534. Call offlce. !"__:
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purch-ne
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sta., i-an Francisco: cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PACKARD pianos anJ organs are "all right."
. Agency at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THE sale of "Baby" Deckers during the holi-
days was unprecedented. A new supply Just
received, at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS for gramophones, grapho-
phones. Olympia music boxes. Wasborn and
Ideal guitars. Stewart banjos, IIAUV-VIS'
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOIILEK & CHASE'o
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, onrana anj
all other musical Instruments of all gratles
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible Juno to please and satisfy Uii
customer. .
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 3U O'Farrell St.
ALL maken for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $1. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerings, 2 Steinwayg. l Vose & Sons and
60 other slightly used high and medium grado
pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis «t.
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg": pro-
nounced by experts the best In S. F.; nearly
new, of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; value $600; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market st.. room 121.
AGENTS— Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians Invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparisons. Spencer Piano
House, ISIS Market St.; send for catalogues.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos: p?ice» reduced to Insure prompt sales.
\V. C. HAMILTON. 324 Po»t St. ;
W. O. BADGER. -412 Sacramento «t.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Pavla pianos.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1319 Powell.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. l»eary n.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only *» cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st. _____
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. £60 Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FTtOOMsTibath • elegantly furnished: 1 block
west of Chronicle and St> feet from Market st. ;
suitable for professional men. A. M. SPECK
& CO.. 667 Market st.
$14— STORE and 3 living rooms. Southwest cor-
n?r of Ellla and Scott sts. >
PERSONALS.
AM American gentleman, age 49, height • feet,
weight 170 pounds, of good appearance- and no
bad habits, kind and loving disposition, would
love to become the companion for life In city
or country of a lady with means. Address
carefully FRANK YOUART. box 4542. Call
office, San Francisco.
ROARS of laughter; a hundred laughs In a.
hundred minutes. Send 27c In stamps to
FRUITVALE NOVELTY CO., Frultval*.
Alameda County. Cal.. and receive In return
a full set of Filipino wrestlers.
LEON LEMOS— A fine suit to order $10 73. or
pants $3 75. Our specialty In remnants allows
us to sell cheaper than ready made. L. LE-
MOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop.
One-price Tailoring Co.; 623 Kearny St.. near
Eacto; also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, sells good
switches for tl; fine ones for $2 50; halrdress-
lng 25c- restored to natural color. $1 »0 to $3.
with Schefller's Colorlne; 75c box. 123 Stockton.
LEDERER' S Quintonlea prevents the hair fall-
Ing out. makes it look like satin, 35c bottle;
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg.l23 Stocktn.
FOR sale — Good driving horse and buggy; bar-
gain. N. E. cor. Fifteenth and Guerrero sta.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House; oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
JOHN L. BOONE.' Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the farry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing call on R COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpeta. old geld: send for him. SO6 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac H. MARKS. 209 Third st. ; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay ; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId cold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected^ booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M., Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions)
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Filimorw st.
RF.AL ESTATfc: CITY FOR SALE.
R^ArTESTATK FOR. SALE
BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SON 3,
Real Eetate Agent 3. 5 Montgomery street.
PROPERTY NORTH OF MARKET AND
EAST OF LARKIN.
Eddy-st. house and lot 32:8x137:6; • rooms;
will pay well to Improve; $14,000.
Taylor, near Sutter; 40x97:6; good Improve-
ments; $13,000.
S. E. cor. Broadway and Jones; grand view;
47x50; only $4100.
Jones st.. bet. Chestnut and Francisco; two-
story In two flats: $3GOO.
Residence. SO-vara, with unsurpassed view;
cor. Green an<l Leavenworth. sts.: $15,000; this
could be covered with flats and pay well.
Reduced to $3000—31:6x60; near Powell and
Clay, on Wetmore place; cottage, 5 rooms. bs<h
and basement; large yard; all in fine order; fine
view of bay. •
Make offer— Sacramento st. ; modern fiats and
lot 27:6x137:8; bet. Hyde and Larkin; rents $30;
$9,500.
Lots 25x137:6. $1673: Chestnut, bet. Powell and
Mason; or any size; a third cash, balance In in-
stallments to suit buyers.
Powell-st lots, $17:0; 25x100; bet. Lombard and
Chestnut, west side; or any size, at same rate;
terms, a third cash, balance on terms In In-
stallments at 5 years to suit buyers.
O'Farrell St.. near Leavenworth; 23x59; two-
story building; $6700.
Leaven worth-st. houses, near Washington;
rents $30; lot 40x137:6: reduced to tIO.OCO.
Cor. Greenwich and Leavenworth; 137:5x125;
partially Improved: $9f,00.
Stockton st. .bet. Bush aad Pine; (S:9xl37:t
rents $150: $16,000.
Bay-st 2-story house: 23:5x137:3; $2000; near
Hyde.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
NEW ccttages. houses and flats for sals on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght; over 30
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FORECLOSURE sale— s2ooo; two choice flats of
5 rooms each, renting for $IS. At 310 Valley
st., near Noe. or SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms:
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS business lot: cheap If sold thia
week. Box 1553. Call offlce.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
"a. list~~of special baroaS s^wnea
sending for my CATALOGUE always state*
about what Is wanted— amount to Invest, etc,
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list
of "SNAP" bargalns^ — near what you want.
not In catalogue. While I make a special
feature of NAPA and SONOMA, county
places. I'm personally acquainted with over
3000 ranches for sale and exchange In Cali-
fornia—more than any other ten agents la
the State. I travel nearly nil the time. In-
specting country property.
N. D. SICK ELS. the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st., opposite Chronicle bldg.. 8. V.
SANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farmlnx and
stock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 5 to SCO
acres: easy terms, or will exchange for San
Francisco property. Apply to C. 11. PHIL-
LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
St.. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
320 ACRES of land for sale at $4 per acre: la
Tehama County. Inquire A. E. LOBREE,
Brentwood. CaL - ¦ ¦¦¦ '
FINEST general ranch In California ta be
given away on account of foreclosure. Be*
CLARK & CO.. 509 Hearst building.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved Saa Fran-
cisco property fruit ranch 102 acres; value.
$SOOO. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
13H ACRES— Must be sold: 2 miles from Santa
Clara; 10-room house; 2 wells; all In orchard.
9 Geary st., room 15j
YES. $3 per acre up; farm list: free fare. M.
GRIFFBN, 713 Market st., near Call building.
MILLBRAE lots and blocks: fenced; water
work* BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market st.
ROOMS KOK HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 1425— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny
rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 2C23— Sunny parlors: rooms for
lUht housekeeping: gas range; bath; reason-
able; private family; references.
CLAY 2421 near Fillmore — 2 large unfurnished
room's; yard: water; rear; rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2220 Fillmore at.
FULTON, 121Vi— Two front sunny rooms; range,
water, large yard; rent $S to $10.
GOLDEN GATE. 1410— Fbrnlshed Darlor floor;
everything furnished; separate kitchen: bath.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
bath; rent $15.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest improve-
ments; homelike; $1 week up.
MCALLISTER. 670— Private family; newly fur-
nished sunny front room for gentleman.
MISSION. 86S— 2 neat connecting rooms for
housekeeping; furnished complete.
N ATOM A. 62— Rooms fcr housekeeping: S fur-
nished housekeeping rms., $3 mo.; no children.
TWELFTH. 12— Sunny front rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 40—2 sunny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping. $10. .
TWELFTH. 120— Two nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; gas stove; select local-
ity: private family.
WASHINGTON. 620—3 rooms for housekeeping-
single housekeeping rooms. $3 p-r monlh. '
3 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; sunny
yard; rent $13. Box 21. Call Branch Offlce im
Eleventh st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been 00-nej
at 1223 Polk st.; open until }j, a
TIt'SINEFS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Cr.ll. cotner of Market and Third streets, open
tint 11 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— L 27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; oj>en until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; cpen until 9:SO p. m.
fC9 McAllister street; open until 9:20 p. m.
Cl 5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
59<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
~CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tint 11 ¦ p. m.
I 0« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JC96 Ve'.encla street; open until » p. m.
J223 Po!k street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Tw<--ry-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; nj.en until 9 p. m.
MUUTiJING^iOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Oommanderv No. 1. K. -•¥•_
T.. No. t> lost M..— Si>wia! assembly TSl^
THIS tSATCBOAY) EVENING. Order [Tjj
of lied Cross aiid Order of the Tern- OBf
pie. All fraters cordially invited.
Silt JOHN TONNINGSEN. Commander.
ANNI'AL mooting— Spring Valiey Water Works
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Fpr;ng Valley Water Works will be held
*t the orf;cp of the company. 126 Stockton st..
Ran Francisco. Cal.. at 1J o'clock m. on
WEDNESDAY, the ICth day of January. 1909.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensuing year
ar.3 fcr tl:e tra reaction of such other bual-
: •%, es may ••>>me before the meeting.
PELIIAM W. AMES. Secretary.
CTOCKHOLDEKS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the California Dry
Pock Comj.ar.y will »>e held at the office of
the company. No. SC2 California street. San
Francisco. Cal.. en MONDAY. January 8.
iwyi. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
.¦-.-. year and for the transaction of such
rther business ns may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary-
Off.cc No. JC2 California st.. room I. Ban
Franc!«co. Cal.. December 24. 1859.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
• ing of the stockholders of the. Wlttram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their offlce.
?27 Market st.. San Francisco, California, on
JIONDAY. the eighth day of January. 1900.
ot the hour of 2 p. m.. fcr the purpose of
electing a board cf directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction ct such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. CHARLES A. HUG. 6*c.
Office, in Market st.. San Francisco, Cali-
fornia. •
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
!The Nevada National Pr.r.k of San Francisco,
ml.. will be held at Its banking house. 301
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.. en
TUESDAY. January 9. 1900. at 3:15 o'clock
p. rr.. for the election of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may enme before the meet-
ing. GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Pan Francisco. December 9. 1*99.
ANNUAL meetlr.R-The REGULAR ANNUAL I
MEETING cf the Ftockholders of the Pajaro j
Vsllfy Consolidated Railroad Co. will be held ;
et the office of the Company. 327 Market «t.. j
Fan Frencisco. Cal . on MONDAY, the 15th ]
<!ay of January. 1909, at the hour of 11:15 |
o'clock a. ro.. for the purpose of electlne a
board rt directors to serve fcr the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer b<»cks will rinse on FRIDAY. January 12, i
ISOO at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW on <sinmcnds: secrecy: trlvate en-
trance: private: rms. tTndC Harris. 15 Grant.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, room 15, first floor.
Chronicle building: no advance charges: all
cases: estates, mnrtenices. damages, collec- <
tlons: bankruptcy: wills, etc.. drawn; moder- \
•.te fees; call nr write. [
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; |
nn fee with-.ut success; collections. G. W.
HOWE stty at law. S.V) Market, cor. Ptocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. D.WIDFON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. H. UERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at W& Cal. St.. Clunie bide.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Srreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
k»t « : eomrattattaa free; no fees in advance. ,
DOARD AND ROOMS.
A^T^nT^CollM^A^^E7^2r^dT^^ly~7u7^
icished throughout; thoroughly renovated and
japered; sur.r.y suites and single rooms; hot
water in every room: new management: ta-
b!e boarders accommodated: excellent table;
will b»> ready to receive iruests January -I.
EDDY. 122— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
Bweek8 week up. wl'h board $5 W>: suite for two with
b<-ard. $12; board. $4 week; meals, 2Lc; ele-
vator runs all night.
KOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1734 Market — Elegant
rew furniture; firft-class In every respect;
table unsurpassed: hot and cold water: ele-
vator; suites, with board for 2. $50 month up.
SwETW family betel: first-class In all appoint-
ments: excellent table. *C 7 California St., oc-
rupyinjr corner opposite Grace Church.
NICELY furnished room with board: home
I-xkir.R; private family: per.tleman preferred,
ddress box 743. Call office.
KLGKAVIA HOTEL." Hoik end Clay-Sun-
y suites: best board: for 2. 145 up; single. $20.
IGHT. 232—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms,
ith boaril, for couple cf gentlemen.
WARD. I?4S-Room and excellent board, $20
er month; home/ comforts.
B PALMAP,IS!« Market st— Pulte of 2 or J
rt!s.; private; l.sth: sin. rms: board optional.
:WI.Y furnished rooms, with or without
r>ard: home cooking; German style. 724 Bush.
"ARRELL. 742—Clean. comfortable rooms;
t*<A home cooking;; special rates to gents.
RROW on planes, furniture, diamonds,
iintlnrs: secrecr. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
DDLE-AGED .tentleman wants mom and
nard in private house where no other boerd-
m are ker n: widow's house preferred. Box
¦'4. Call offlce.
ARD nnd mm w!th fire in private family
iilet. Brx 41E2. Call.
TV amount to tana you on diamonds: low ln-
tf-e«r. UNCT.r HARRIS. U Grant aye.
DOOKS NEW AND OLD.
. CCHC>o'l~BOo'kS bo'uTrht Mi MchlnTedT
HOttt-f H.i«-,k Co.. 7C4 Mlssios «t.. near Third.
BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, all styles, sires 8 to 11.75 c
Boys' shoes, all sli'-s. |L Men's shoes. ..sl 25
Ladies' lace or button shoes all slies $100
I'-f.ple's Shro Store. 13 »3 Stockton, nr. B'dwy.
BI'SINESS CHANCES. ~
I2SO-FIRST-CLASS florist's store; doing a good
business; splendid location; owner Kolnir to
Europe; rer.t $20; 3 living rooms, furnished
Call R. G. WILKE. W6 Market s t.
A— JC'.O— CIGAR and candy store: rent $20; very
bett location north of Market St.; a first-class
jiayin* business; larpe stock. Call R. G
WILKK. »j6 Market lit.
A— V 00; COFFEE sriloon and chop house; rent
JSi: open day and niirht and doing a first-class
jmylnir business. Call R. G. WILKE. *06
A— $000; FRUIT and grocery, with horse and
vragon; daily receipts $20; rent $20; full value
in sight; a yulendid chance. Call R. G
WILKE. HO6 Market St.
$SOO— SALOON: established years; lease if
wanted; Market and Mason sts.; first-class-
payinK: value of furniture and stock $1500; a
eplendid bargain. Particulars R. G WILKE
1-06 Market ft.
A— «4ioo; THE leading restaurant and oyster
I*il'-rs on Market St.. close to Powell; open
Cay ar.d nlglit; c'.earmc about $2:.0 per month-
lease. Call 1 1. G. WILKE. !«< Market tt.
A-$000; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
wagon; rent HO; a good paying business; all
fresh stock. Call R. G. WILKE. &06 Market.
A-r>00; RESTAURANT, oyster alid chop
house. With dally receipts of $20; only flrst-
r ass prices: rent J«; : the bert location In this
city. Call It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease in
irhole-ale dlrtr!«~t; place established years;
clearing from I3uO to JifO per month: no better
offer in market. It. G. WILKE. 90S Market.
JL— s4oo; DELICACY store and branch~bakery
on Larkin et. ; rent Hi; Rood paying business'
fine place for I ladies, or man and wife Call
It. G. WILKE. 906 Market nt. "
JlOO PKR month to party with $25); money s*^
_ cured. GALE & liENSQN. 22-j I'arrott bldg!
GREAT bargain; country town hotel. Zi rooms
and bar; r,i boarders; cheap rent; lease GALJ-*
& BENSON. 220 Parrott building.
$200— PARTNER wanted; profitable business"
McLAUCIILIN & CO.. 777'^ Market «t.
$£oO— RESTAURANT and lodging house; old-es.
tablished buslaess: owner retiring on account
of old age. Mclaughlin &. co.. ma
Market et.
A— ? 400: RESTAURANT; 2 blocks from Market
St.; uood location: doing nice, steady business
nicely fitted; new furniture; call and Investi-
gate. STENBERG CO.. 26>4 Kearny et.
13000— GROCERY and delicacy: best town Kingi
Co.; $7i dally. KREDO &. CO.. 224 Geary st
jr*— GROCERY end bar at Invoice: good cor-
ner; tli daily. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary st
fIMifr—SALOON In the Potrero. near Union Iror
Works; full value In stock; rent $20 month
BASILE. 3 Eddy »t.
tTOO— SALOON with clubrooms close to th«
Baldwin; fine location; good business; cheaj
rent; snap. JONES & CO.. KC3 Market st.
PARTY with $3000 to $5000 to take Intere*t ir
manufacturing business; 'will bear Investiga-
tion; a monopoly. Address box 42SC. Call.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
12Shipping Intelligence.
A •well-preserved Roman camp has been
discovered on the right bank of. the Nar-
enta. Herzegovina. A section 330 feet long
by 270 feet wide has been traced. Parts
01 the walls gates and towers are still
standing, and many utensils and weapons
have been dug up. It is believed that the
camp was erected in the time of Nero.
OAKLAND IIEAL ESTATE.
$230G— 5350 CASH; new; balance $2? per month;
new bouse 7 rooms and bath; 5 minutes' walk
to local: cars t>aes door; Bt-e it' WM P
TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
JCICO— WILL »«11 quick for $42Uu; fine corner
residence; lot 41x173; 9 rooms: up to date
E E. BUNCE. »C 8 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and bert In America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, pent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for tl.
mjfw2*mmm sails for Honolulu
U1"U 1 " •_ Wednesday. Jan. 10.
si ss — I-A UW. at J p. m.
3^fWFTlMlin J ~ s - s - , Moan » •»"• ?*»
GJlUJlllJlliy 1 -' Honolulu an.l Auckland
fnmn?r7U- ror Sy* 3 ** Wednesday.
M . at I p. m.
Farorlt* Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Famoa. New Zealand. Australia. ladia. Sue*,
England, etc.; $51» first class.
I. v. sr *cCk.£LS & UP.QS. CO.. Arts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight 0ff1c0.327 Market St
COMPAQMIE GENE3ALE TRA.HSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -^fia,.
Sailing every Thursday lnrt^a.l of
Saturday, from November 2. 1539. at "-•¦*«*=**
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot' of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11; LA
AQUITAINE. Jan. IS: LA OASCOGNE. Jan.
23; LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1. First-class to
Havre. $80 and upward; 5 per rent reduction oa
d trip. Second clai«3 to Havre. $45: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLIi LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sallln?. -
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. H
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. i
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar. 7
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
fjTifIO— FINE new modern house 7 rooms; choice
lot. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
CHEAPEST tnl best In America— The Weekly
<"a!!. 16 rag*"*, sent to any address In the
Cr.lted States or Canada one' year for $1,
Steamer Movements.
ALAMEDA ItHAL ESTATE.
f!4W> — LOT 26x125; cottage I room, bath-
street work done; eaFj- terms.
S22oo— Lot V>xHZ; fine crttage; 5 large rooms
•nd bath; worth I3S00: only ;iOO cash, balance
tf> per mor.th; great snap.
$300ff— Lot VtxliO; Morton Ft., between rail-
roads; near station and school: handsome new
cottage cf 7 rooms and bath; i;oo and E*S Mr
xaonth.
S2S»— Lot SIxlSO; 2-etory house of € rooms and
tiath; Alameda aye., near Mortcn-st. station-
eary terms. '
13500 — Lot 4iJxlSo; fine new 2-etory house g
rooms ani bath; Morton Et.. near stations and
Brtwwto; $500 cash, balance $30 per month.
{jGfto — Lot TtxilO: on main avenue; cottage
S rooms and bath; great bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
HS2 Park et., Alameda, Cal
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. FABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. «a.
St. Paul Jan. 17ISt. Paul Feb. 7
New York Jan. 24 New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 31 St. Louis Feb. ZX
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Aragonla Jan. 17 Westernland ....Feb. T
Frlesland Jan. 21 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 Noordland Feb. n
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlchazl. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
*30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
SEWING MACHI.\CS AND SIPI'LIKS.
i: MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplier »S Plxth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanrc-d, rented; re-
rsirlrr at lfw>«» ra«e». 2"5 Fourth ft.
MAKE A GOOD HAUL.
Burglars Clean Out the Box Office at
the Midway Plaisance on Mar
ket Street.
•"¦When the watchman at th» Midway
Plaisance, Market street, arrived there
yesterday morning at 8 o'clock he saw
from the disordered condition of the box
office that some one had been there before
him. Investigation showed that $190 In
money received at the bar and at the box
office had been stolen, besides about 100
admission tickets.
No explanation could be offered as to
how the burglars had obtained their en
trance or exit, and lt is supposed that
they kept in hiding Inside the building till
lt was closed up at 3 o'clock yesterday
morning. The police were notified and
Detectives Ryan and ODea were detailed
on the case.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlfments and Fubscrirtlons has been opened
at lin Polk Et. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubi>crtpticns has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
£w Steamers leave Broadway
fiVnii wharf. San Francisco:
RrsUfijl. Fcr Ala.'k-iri P'jrts. 10 a, m.,
Ms£*vsvs!i Jan - 6'6 ' n - X 21 - 2f! - 31 - FVt> -
sSVLxStCAM o. Change t> company 1 isteaia-
mvvS^JtVi cr * at Seattle.
kfiy?C^-«?rai - For Victoria, Vancouver
•^^SS^'JW fI! c) - f '" r * Townsend.
tie, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. «.
11. 1« 21 !6. 31. Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y-: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Jan.
». 14, 13. 24, 23. Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Crux. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
bcos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. •
a. m.. Jan. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Sar.ta Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m.. Jan. 8. 9. 13, 17. Jl. 25. 29. Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to enang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OKFICIS —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st. San Franclsca
THE Oaks. XU Third— A good rooming house
f r f \ people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. r:.SA— Sunny furnished single rooms to
let, cheap.
ANNIVERSARY BANQUET.
Court Washington, Foresters of
America, Is Now Ten Years Old.
Court Washington No. 37 of the Forest
era of America celebrated Its tenth anni
versary last Thursday night by a ban
quet In a prominent rotlsserie. The tables
were conveniently arranged and there
were covers for about 125. After the sup
per had been discussed M. C. Uacky, the
financial secretary of the court, who wag
toastmaster and was supported by a num
ber of the grand officers, made a short
address, reviewing in brief the organiza
tion and progress of the court, and th?n
called for responses to toasts as follows:
"The Supreme Court of Foresters," J.
Samuels, deputy supreme chief ranger;
"The Grand Court," Hugo K. Asher.
grand sub-chtef ranger: "The Members or
Our Order," Grand Secretary John J.
Cordv; "Our Funda," Grand Treasurer
Frank Conklln; "The Executive Council,"
Grand Senior Woodward John Heenan*
"The Forestlc Press," Jacob Label; "The
Past Chief Rangers of the Court," W. J.
Phelan; "The Workers of the Order," Syl
Shaben; "The Ladles," Past Chief Ranger
J. L. Madgl.
This court, on© of tho most progressive
In this city, has entered upon a new term
with the following officers: O. B. Qreene
baum, chief ranger: J. Egan, sub chief;
11. C. Lasky, financial secretary; M.
Brady, recording secretary; A. Figel.
treasurer; S. Grossllcht. senior woodward;
J. Brackman, lunlor woodward; S.
Schweitzer, senior beadle, and George
Young, junior beadle. Those who were
chosen as the committee of arrangements
for the celebration were Syl Shaben, H.
Goldman and G. S. Bobs.
DIED.
Benny. George Larto?, Anton
Buckbee, Malana B. Martin. John
Byrne. Anne Mathes. Eugene
Federleln. Elizabeth Mlnarik. John
Ford, Eilen Mulcrevy. Martin
Godley. Montgomery Rupprlcht, John B.
Grant. Paulina T. Seiberlich. Francis F.
Hausmann. Frank L Sharup. Roland B.
Healey, Hannah Slack. Ellard D.
Killeen. James Smith. Frederick
Jones. Daniel N. B. Sullivan. Helen C.
Kane. Joseph Sullivan, Marjraret
K«lly. Hanora Sutton. Mary
Lagomarslno Antonio Walsh. James J.
L&nsdell. Margaret
BONNY— In Bordentown. N. J.. January 4. 1900,
of pneumonia, George Bonny, aged 74 years.
BL^KBEE-In this city. January 5, 1900, Ma-
lana S., wife of the late John R. Buckbee,
and beloved mother of Alva C. Loena M. and
Ossain S. Buckbee and Mrs. T. H. Reynolds,
a native of New York, aged 74 rears and 22
days.
Cv'The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 8733 Twentieth street, near
Guerrero. Interment private.
BYRNE— In this city, January 5. 1900, Annr
Byrne (formerly Smith), a native of Bantry,
Ireland, aged 71 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
FEDERLEIN— In this city, January — . 1900,
Flizabeth. beloved wife of Morttz Federleln.
ir.other of Joseph and Fred Federleln. and
daughter of Joe and Carrie Baumann. a na-
tive of Columbia, South Carolina, aged 2S
years 2 months and 2 days.
C^The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence. £41 Ninth street, near Brannan.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FORD— In this city, January 6, 1900, Ellen
Ford, beloved mother of Mrs. Anne H.
Drucker. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years
and 7 months. •
C 7 Friend"! are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow rSunday). at 12
o'clock, from her late residence. 1008 Fill-
more etreet. thence to Holy Cross Church.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GODLEY— In this city, January 5. 1900, Mont-
gomery Go<iley. a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aeed 71 years 4 months and 21 days.
tC7Funeral services will take place this
flay (Saturday), at 1:45 o'clock, at his lute
residence, 151S Sacramento street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
GRANT— In Alameda, January 5. 1900, Paulina
T. Grant, wife of the late Thomas B. Grant,
and mother of Rufus M. Grant and the late
Maria A. Merrill and Rosana M. Flood, a
native of Sedsrwick. Me., aged 81 years 9
months and 21 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Olivet Con-
gregational Church, corner Seventeenth and
Koe streets. Interment Odd Fellows" Ceme-
tery.
HAUSMANN— At Bears Point. Sonoma County,
January 3. 1900. Frank Ig. Hausmann. a na-
tive of Ripley County. Indiana, aged 3S years.
C^TNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
HEALEY— In this city, January 5, 1900. Han-
nah, dearly beloved wife of Dennis Healey.
mother of Mary anj John Burke and Michael
and Catherine Healey. and sister of Mrs. M.
Flaherty, Mrs. J. O'Donnell. Mrs. F. Mc-
Donough and Martin Joyce, a native of Clif-
flen. County Galway. Ireland, aged 45 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
KILLEEN— In this city, January 5, 1900, James
KJileen, a native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
JONES— In this city, January 4, 1300, Daniel
N. B. Jones. belo\-ed husband of Blanche
Jones, father of Hester E. Jones, brother of
John A. and William E. Jones. Mrs. B. Mehr-
lng and Mrs. Hester Hlxson, son of the late
Daniel and Elizabeth Jones, and uncle of
Morris and Daniel Hlxson. a native of Maine,
ased 4J years 10 months and 2 days.
C7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-nrst.
Interment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KANE— In this city. January 5. 1900. Joseph
Kane, beloved husband of Johanna Kane, and
father of Joseph Kane, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged &S years.
CJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Brendan's
Church, corner of Fremont and Harrison
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. January 6. 1900. Hanora,
beloved wife of Luke Kelly, and beloved aunt
of Mrs. James McTTugh, Mrs. Joe Llngfelser,
Mrs. P. Mumhy. Kate Glynn and Martin J.
Touhey, a native of the parish of Ahascragh,
County Galway. Ireland, aged 86 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
January 8, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2C<iii Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
maps will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAGOMARKINO— In Colma, January 8, 1900,
Antonio Laromarsino, beloved husband of
Rosie Laeomarsino, and beloved father of
Iva, Adellna and Annie Lagomarslno. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 38 years 1 month and 1
day.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Colma, San Mateo County. Interment
New Italian Cemetery, Ban Mateo County
Cal.
LANFDELL—Jn Log Gatos, November 29. 1899
Margaret Lar.sdell. aged 74 years; and Janu-
ary 4. ISOO. Alfred, beloved husband of the
late Margaret Lansdell. aged 82 years and 8
months; beloved parents of Mrs. M. E. Klbbe
of Lob Gatos. 8. Lansdell of LomDoc and
Mrs. Alice Hawley and Miss Tillle Lansdell
of San Francisco.
LARIOS— In South Pan Francisco. January 2
1900, Anton Larios, beloved father of Ben.
Esquspulo. Manuel and Manuella Larios a
native of California, aeed 63 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gnntner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train.
MARTIN-In this city. John Martin of Capl-
tolau broths of Mjj. W mi am F . gwall# a £ d
uncle of William E. and Joseph B. Codv a
native of Ireland, aged C 7 years.
EXFricnds and acquaintances are resneet
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:20 o clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. San Jose. " v "
MATHES— In this city. Januarys. 19C0. Eu-
gene Mathen beloved husband of Una
Mathes. and father of Margaret. Eugene and
Otto Mathes. a native of Germany, aged 42
years 6 months and 2S days.
CTTTrlends and acquaintances are r»sr*ct-
ROYAL House. 116 Ellis ft.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rocms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. 12 to
tt: mcr.th. $S to $30; elevator on office floor;
rnrm* with hot and ccld water: baths.
CHKRSIAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth ex..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
PUTTER, 2002. mr. FMlmore— l bay-window
parlor suite, grate and mirror mantel; nlso 2
front cingle rooms, suitable for light house-
keeping, in modern sunny flat; house newly
furnished.
TATLC'II, fi4— F'.r.gle room, suitable for gen-
tleman. $5 month.
TEHAMA. 104— Front sunny room; rent rea-
sonable.
MARRIED.
CLARK— HARTLEY— In Berkeley, January 4,
1800, at the residence of W. H. Bone, by the
Rev. Charles K. Jenness, D.D.. Christopher
J. Clark of San Francisco and Mary Emma
Hartley of Merced.
KENT— FLUGGER— In this city. January 5,
I^oo. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
George Kent and Agnes Flugger, both of Ban
Francisco.
WARD— MARSHALL— At the residence of the
brides parents. Fruitvale. Cal.. January 1.
I*oo, by the Rev. Edward E. Clark, Percy
Ward and Cornelia Estella Marshall.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows
David Porfman and Tillle Korman 25-11
Henry Murray and Mary L. Kallenberg.. ..33-29
John'W. Booth and Marie J. Mullins 24-23
l^wis A. Alford and Ella C. Clay 2S-1S
George Kent and Agnes Flugger 29-21
Fre.l Gee and Mary Connors 24-84
CALIFORNIA, Sunny rooms; 1 or 2 gen-
tle;ti^n; 1 rcfikfaat if desired; private family;
r*'f I'er.ces. " T ._
CAKROI.TON. ISO 6 Market, ccr. Golden Gate
aye.- Funny corner; well furn.; rma. &. offices.
CLAS.<!I-'IKD mlvcrtlse*ner.ts and subscriptions
received at Call bmnch efflce. 2200 Flllmore «t.
BORROW on ciaccs. furniture, diamonds,
pslntinp*; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ELLIS. CSS. corner Larkin— Sunny, bay-window;
mar.tel; double f cldlr.g^bed : Welsbach burner.
FIFTEENTH. 1170, near Mission— Furnished
rooms to rent.
FIKST, IS— Sunny furnished rooms to rent; $1
j-er werk. ¦
FULTON*. 116— Sunsy furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
UURNF.TT i<-S Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished irr.f.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
Bl"£H. SCI I*—Nice1 *— Nice sunny rooms to rent, from
Jl 25 up to SI t*r week.
DIVIDEND KOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco— At a regular meeting of the
board of directors of this bank, held January
2. IWK). a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December 8L 1599, at the rate of
r«ven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the tfth inst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 15th Inst.. both
Cars inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 8. ISOO.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion cf California, 222 Sansome St.. San Fran-
cisco, has declared for the C months ending
December 21, isa 9. a dividend of 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock. 10 per cent
per annum to class "F" stock, 6 per cent per
annum en term deposits and 6 per cent per
annum on ctdlnary deposits.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE, President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Jnfarn.
A — BRUNSWICK HOI'SE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
r.V to Jl per night: 11 :5 to $i per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms Ue to «CO day. MRS. J. KING.
AUSTIN aye.. ICT. near Polk St.— Large sunny
front room; furnished.
UOHEMIA. Iti Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
ccr. sunr.y suites 'or gentlemen and families;
ry+c rates tourist. 1 : elevator; ai! conveniences.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
13 Giant Powder 92 25
20 Equitable Gas 6 CO
10 Market-street Railway 60 00
60 Paauhau Sugar Co 2S 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 25
60 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 25
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 25
$1,000 California-street Cable 5s 115 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
20 Giant Powder 92 75
CO Paauhau Sugar Co 2S CO
10 Market-street Railway <1 00
15 Market-street Railway 61 12V4
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.. .4 48 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 50
E0 Spring Valley Water 81 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
225 Barker Ranch- 115
650 Century Oil Co 80
200 Anaconda Oil Co 160
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Century Oil Co 75
150 Century Oil Co 80
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 70
200 Anaconda Oil Co 1 «&
250 Yukon Crude Oil Co 175
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Dominion ...'..,. !49
1000 Dominion ; 45
100 Home Oil Co 4 00
100 National 6 62H
60 New Hope ICO
600 Petroleum Center 40
200 San Luis 6 37H
Afternoon Session.
Board —
400 Burlington 160
200 Dominion 40
950 Dominion 45
300 Home OH Co '." 4 00
100 San Luis 5 37ft
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sale* In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2 ?2 D , Ae * ll W* o Mexican 83
4aO Belcher 12 200 Ophir 73
600 Best & Belcher 24 400 Potosl 23
400 Chollar 19| 100 Savage C 9
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 200 Seg Belcher.... 04
°5 9? a Cal & v«--lv «--l Ml 600 Sierra Nevada. 44
100 Crown Point... 13 600 Union Con 2S
JW Gould & Curry. 24 600 Yellow Jacket. 24
300 Hale & Nor 42
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 22 200 O- .ir 70
100 Best & Belcher 23 200 Ophlr 71
600 Challenge 10 100 Savage 09
200 Chollar 18 100 Sierra Nevada. 42
7SO Con Cal & Va..l 60 100 Sierra Nevada. 43
100 Hale & N0r.... 40 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
100 Mexican 31
The followln* were the sales la tho Paciflc
S,tock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
700 Belcher 121 500 Gould & Curry. 23
100 Chollar 19 200 Hale & N0r.... 40
600 C C & Va 145 200 Ophlr 72
100 CCA Va 1 47V4 400 Overman 10
800 C C A Va 1 60 200 Potosl 23
100 C C & Va....l 62H 200 Savage 09
300 Crown Point... 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 44
200 Gould & Curry. 24 700 Union Con 23
Afternoon Session,
850 Best & Belcher 22. ECO Justice 04
150 C C & Va 150 600 Justice C 3
60 Confidence «4 200 Ophlr 70
600 Crown Point... 13 300 Overman 10
60 Hale & N0r.... 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 6—4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha — MjKentuck 01 02
Alta 04 05 lAdy Wash.... 03 —
Andes 11 12 Mexican 31 32
Belcher 10 11' Occidental 17 19
Best & Belcher 21 23Ophir 63 71
Bullion 03 04' Overman ...... W 11
Caledonia 45 47!Potosl 20 22
Chollar 17 IS Savage C 3 10
Challenge Con. 09 11 Scorpion C 2 —
Confidence 60 63 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Cal & Va..l 45 ISO Sierra Nevada. 43 44
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill 04 H
Con New York. — 04, St Louis — .us
Crown Point... U 13, Standard 260 —
Exchequer — 02i Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Union Con M 27
Hale & N0r.... 39 41 Utah 04 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 22 24
Justice 03 04j
ARRIVED.
Friday. January S.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. 72 hours from New
port (S). etc. . .
Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson, 4Vi days from
Grays Harbor.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlceUo. "
'MON.. Tuea,. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IiOS.
FARE ......... u K«
ASSESSMENT NOTICES
A^'ESSMEXT notlce-Wittram Propeller Com-
I'tiny. office and principal place of business.
227 Market «•.. Kan Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
«* Bf)ET<l <-t Director*, held on the lSth day
or December. I*? 9, an assessment (No. 7)) of
cn *< 1 ' <*«t r*r chare was levied upoD the
capital stock cf the corporation, payable lm-
rtediately in United States gold coin to the
tertiary at the office cf the company at the *L a
it Dove addreo. Ott
Ar.y etock upon which this assi*sra»nt ahftll > ea
rr-7 an ,,, U r i '^ i ' 1 on the 22nd "*>* of January. C
at public suction, anti unless payment Is
made before win be sold on the Uth day of
February. 3-tOf. to pay the delinquent assets- !
m»-nt. together with costs of advertising aad
exj*r.s«i cf tale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUO. Secretary.
U7 ilarUt all >
KLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan 6 Oalli*h«?>.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa,
tO SMth St.. opposite L ncala ocaoj^
T*lephone BouJj 80.
HORSEFLESH IN SAUSAGES.
The case of Charles Haag, sausage man
ufacturer. Valencia street, convicted •by
Judge Conlan of using horseflesh in the
manufacture of his sausages, was finally
disposed of yesterday by the Judge im
posing a fine of $50 with the usual alter
native. ¦
Attorney Dlnkelsplel, on behalf of Haag,
made a motion for arrest of Judgment and
a new trial,' which was refused, and he
astonished the court by maintaining that
every butcher In the city was ten times
worse than Haag, as in their bologna
sausages they put pork and led puchasers
to believe it was all beef. The only effect
lt had upon the Judge was to first excite
wonder and then laughter. Dlnkelsplel
6 ave notice of appeal to the Superior
ourt'SHnn
TO SAIL.
StOOO Northern Ry of Cal 6s bonds 113 00
J5 000SF&SJV bonds 115 00
$5 000 S P of A bonds 110 00
J2.000 Oakland Transit Co. 6s 113 60
Street—
. 25 Contra Costa Water 74 60
J7.000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s 106 60
S3 000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds 102 00
J5.000 Oakland Water 5s 105 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
120 Equitable Gaa WlVt
26 Giant Powder Con. a 30 33 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 87^
20 Makawell 44 28
110 MakaMrell ........: 44 50
10 Makawell •.•••••••• 44 37£
30 Market-street Railway «l 00
30 Oceanic S S Co.. 93 bo
'ISO Onomea Sugar Co 2S 50
190 Paauhau S P Co.. : 23 ©0
25 Paauhau S P Co 29 00
45 Spring Valley Water 91 v
150 Spring Valley Water 91 00
50 Spring Valley Water „. SO 87ft
$10,000 S P of A bonds. ; 110 00
$10,000 S P Branch Ry 6a bonds 124 so
Street— '
• 30 Pacific Gas Imp 43 00
J5.000 Callfornla-st R R 6s M .116 00
J5.000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 50
$5,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 106 60
;6,000 S F & S J V bonds ...'«.;. ..115 00
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
A HOME — Send description, condition ard loea-
ttlon; I will find you one. A, R. DENKE Sr
14fK> Webster ft.. A lamella.
TO ARRIVE.
REBEKAHS INSTALL.
The elected and appointed officers of
Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90, I. O. O.
F., were publicly installed in the Odd
Fellows' building Wednesday In ue pres
ence of nearly 200 persons. Those who
are to rule the destinies of the lodge for
the 'current term are: Amy E. Webb
Junior past grand; Margaret Derby! noble
grand; Allle Parker, vice grand; Mattie
Webb, recording secretary; Annie Forbes,
financial secretary: Charles Derby, treas
urer; Sophie' Forbes, right, and Ethel
Harrison left supporter to noble grand;
Mrs. M. Lincoln, right, and May E wen
left supporter to vice grand; Harriet
Beckley. conductress; Gertrude Spots
wood, warden; Olga Gottßchalk. inside
and Annie Black outside guard; Mary
Seymour, organist; May Morgan, chap
lain.
After the proclamation Past Master
Barnea, on behalf of the lodge, presented
a handsome diamond set Jewel to the re
tiring past noble grand, Miss May Mor
gan. Then a beautiful embroidered collar
was presented to Amy E. Webb, the
junior past grand, and then Mrs. Allie
Parker, who was promoted from recording
secretary to vice grand, presented to
James Davis an emblematic pin In recog
nition of services rendered to her during
her term of office as secretary. Then fol
lowed dancing until midnight '.c-:"... c-:"..
BANQUET TO A HIGH OFFICIAL.
Alexander Grant Entertained by At
taches of Local Postofflce.
Alexander Grant of Washington, D. C,
assistant > general superintendent of the
railway mall service; was tendered a ban
quet at Delmonlco's last evening by the
attaches of the San Francisco Postofflce.
Mr. Grant, who has been stopping at the
Palace, leaves this morning on the Gaelic
for Japan, where he will pass several
months recuperating and Incidentally tak
ing points on the foreign mall service.'
He has been connected with the railway
mail for many years and Is said to be one
of the best-Informed men In this branch
of the department In the country.
During the progress of the banquet ad
dresses were made by C. J. Wilder, W.
W. Montague, A. M. Cox and T. J. Ford,
all wishing the guest of the evening a
pleasant journey. Mr. Grant replied,
thanking the attaches of the local Post
office for the kindnesses they had extend
ed him during his brief stay In this city.
Among those In attendance were:
H. P. Thrall, superintendent of the rail
way mail service; C. M. Cotterman and
Harry Lewis, assistants; F. I. R. Moore,
A. M. Stevens. F. P. Howland. H. W.
"Watklns, A. Richards. J. P. Brltt and J.
H. K. Bell from the San Francisco Post
office; W. W. Montague, Postmaster; B.
F. McKlnley, assistant; D. S. Richardson,
A. M. Cox, T. J. Ford, C. J. Wilder of the
Southern Paciflc Company: R. R. Munro.
L.. H. Bricker. R. W. Madden and J. W.
Erwln, postofflce inspectors.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 6.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss M S Hecht, Cal
C O Howard & w, Cal
C T. Simons & w. Pa
T -Rogers. Cal
A Hellbron, Sacto
H J Seymour. Sacto
CM Finch. St Louis
C I Swayne, Wltmlnßtn
T L Duse. Wilmington
Mrs S Haywood, Chic
Mrs M E Blirly, Nev
Z Friedman & w. Nev
J H Wheeler. N V
E W Winter, Placerv
J S La Rue, Placervillc
C Russell & w, Stktn
J E Kelly & w, Seattle
W F Porter & w, L A
E Goughnour & w, Cal
J B Haggins, Conn
J M Jones, Colusa
J. C Howell, Menlo
J E Baxter, Los Angr
F W Vogel, Los An?
T Marshall. G Valley
R Walker. G Vall-y
Mrs E Thomas, N V
G J Blatter, Chicago
R Ishln, New York
W H Gregory, Cal
Miss X Buckley, N V
II D Parkin, Stanford
F W ARhton, Stanford
P W Robbins, Cal
r C Koffln. Cal
C J Kearny, Cal
R Simpson, S Cru»
H A Fitzgerald, N T
M II Orr. Stockton
F Mason & w. Sacto
M J Llnd. Stockton
E Woods, Stockton
B Barton, Cal
J C Hlllman, N York
VV B Denning. Los Ang
A J Walsh & w, Orov
W H Sebastian. Cal
A Ekman, Orovllle
Mrs N Shaw, Sacto
Miss Shaw. Sacto
Miss S R Jordan. N V
G S Carnes. St Paul
N Suiiwell, Rossland
F Teal. Cal
J Spinney, Fresno
Mrs M G Abbott. C*l
C Kemper, New York
II E Barber & w. Cal
S Blum. Martinez
H H Hunter & w, Cal
H X Owens, Seattle
A Fortloins, Seattle
L Gross Santa Rosa
C P Rosecrans, S Jose
J McFarland. Gait
Mrs R R Burrltt, Cal
Miss A Blyalr. S Ro«rv
Miss P Wright. S Rosa
J O Westwood & w.Cal
G J Blatter, Chicago
Miss Grlswold, S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
S C Scott. N T
B H Leonard. U S N
D Dreyfus. Plttsburr
Mrs C Dreyfus, Pa
F E Keating. Cal.
H Lauzhlln Jr. L Ang
Mrs W J Owen. Cal
Miss Owen. Davlsville
A A Balrd, Los Ang
Mrs E A Jeffrey, Chgo
Mies Jeffrey, Chgo
J C Jpffrey, Chgo
H J McFarland. Chgo
E Frlese, N V
W Gulager, I T
Mrs W Gulager. I T
C H Nichols. Colo
Mrs C H Nichols, Colo
H Nichols, Chgo
J W Vale. Manila
Mrs O L Ottley, D C
Miss Buckle. D G
W G Ottley, D C
J Saggars. D C
A C Luck. Nevada
C J Jonea, Nevada
F C Lusk, Chlco
W J- Martin. Cal
J R Clark, Los Ang
Miss J R Egarr, Cal
O Eisenschmldt. Cal
J H Kulllvan, Chgo
G F Medshaw, Seattle
W D Turner, Spokana
Mrs W D Turner. Spok
F R Webber, Duluth
Mrs F R Weber, Du
luth
W P Crary, N T
B B Belknap. U 8 N
J A Lawrence, Cal
Mrs J A Lawrence. Cal
C Sheldon, Cal
Mrs B F Stlckley. Colo
W C Stlckley, Colo
J C Seaman, St Louis
Mrs J C Seaman. St. L
R Hancock, Hongkong
A Mathews. DC
O L.Ottley, Dc
C J Hlldesheimer. N T
W F Rodgers, Ohio
L A Groff. Los Ang
Mrs W S Taylor. Cal
J A Sanborn, Cal
O McHenry, Modesto
.8.1 Wheeler, Berkeley
Mrs B I Wheeler, Cal
W A Junker, Del Mont
Sun, Moon and Tide.
VAN NESS aye.. 432— We11-furnlthed sur.ny up-
per room; closet, bath: board optional.
VAN NESS are.. JCB— Elegant suites, single
rooms tnd hcusekeeplcff suites; suitable for
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Kate J. Kerrigan to Edward J. Delger, lot
on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 100 W of
Guerrero. W 25 by N 110; SlO.
Morris and Leah Corinson to Nathan and
Susan Corinson. lot on N line of Green street,
130 E of Buchanan, N 110 by E 25:4H; 110.
Co-Operative Mutual Building and Loan
Association to John F. Blrlem, lot on S line
of Green street, 100 W of Buchanan. S 137:6 by
W 37:6; 110.
City and County of San Francisco to Anna
Raisch, lot on SW corner of Webster and
Washington streets, S 77:8\i by W 65:9; $ .
Same to M. Hall McAllister, lot N line of
Jackson street. 250 W of Flllmore. W 25 by
N 127:SVi; $ .
Estate of Margaraet Byron (by Katie E.
Byron, administratrix.) to John Byron, lot on
S line of Nineteenth street, 20 E of Shotwell, E
30 by S 60; Jl5OO.
Thomas C and Addle M. Droit to C. G.
Bryant, lot on S line of Nineteenth street. 260
E of Dolores. E £0 by S 114; $10.
Kevin J. Turner to Ella A. Turner (wife),
lot on N line of Liberty street, 434 E of Castro,
E 25 by N 114; Jin.
Simon F. Thompson to Harry L. Miller, lot
on NW corner of Elizabeth and Vlcksburg
streets, N 23 by W 92; J25.
Winifred Flanagan (by Edward Metzger,
trustee.) to Margaret Costley (wife of C. W.).
168 d. 238, lot on N line of Duncan street. 127
E cf Sanchez, E 23:S by N 10S, trustee's deed;
11200.
Edmund J. and Annie C. Tyrrell (by Henry
S. Martin, Sheriff.) to Julia M. Feige, lot on
W line of Sanchez street,* 51:6 N of Elizabeth,
N 25 by W 100; $437.
Julia E. James to Margaret McCurdy, lot on
W line of Noe street. 76 :S Bof Twenty-third.
S 25 by W 1W; $10.
Asa R. Wells and Monson Russell to Wells,
Russell & Co. (a corporation), lot on N line
of Mission street. 275 NE of Fifth. NE 87:6 by
NW 160; also lot on N line of Mission street. 325
W of Fifth. SW 25 by N 90; also lot on N line
of Mission etreet, 300 E of Sixth. E 25 by N
W>; also lot on NW line of Natoma etreet. 200
SW of Third. SW 41:8 by NW SO: also lot on
N line of Fourteenth avenue. 150 W of P Btreet,
W 25 by N 200. ON. & H. Tract; $10.
Annie B. and R. H. Lindsay to Andrew L.
Edwards, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 100
S of M street, S E0 by W 120; $10.
Florentine P. Dagany to Jean Bernou, lot on
E line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 100 9 of Q
street S 60 b- E 120; also lot on W line of
Thirty-ninth avenue, 100 N of W street. N SO
by W 120; $10.
William Schaefer (or Schafer) to Louise
Bchafer. lots 16 and 17. block 499. Haley pur
chase; gift.
John and Juliet W. Garber to Florence Blythe
Hinckley. undivided l-50th of lot on S line of
Geary street. 30:5 W of Kearny, S 50:0%. SW
354:10%. W 4O:1V». N 205. E 60, N 20, W 20, N
50 E 135:8, 8 74 :4. W 30. S3, E 60:6. N 77:6, E
157:5; also property underlying sidewalks In
front of property at Market street, Grant ave
nue and Geary street (recorded January 4. 1900);
$10.
John H. and Elizabeth J. Boalt to same,
undivided l-50th. same; $10.
Thomas B. and Josephine H. Bishop to same,
undivided l-50th, same; $10..
George E. and Emmeline L. Bates to same,
undivided l-100th. same; $10.
Slegmund Wollberg to same, undivided l-175th,
same; $10.
W. W. Foote to same, undivided 1-EOth, same;
$10
William H. H. and Loretta B. Hart to same,
undivided 153-1400 th, same; $10.
A A. Moore Jr. and Florence Blythe Hinck
ley Moore to Mutual Savings Bank of San
Francisco, lot on S line of Geary street, 30:6 W
of Kearny. W 73:10%. S 38:2%. SE 52:9%, NE
53-0% N 60:0%; also lot on S line of Geary
street. 30:6 W of Kearny, E 0:1, S to Market.
SW to a point 37:7 1-3 SW of Kearny. N to
beginning, being all the property owned by the
first parties In the Blythe block lying E of
property above described (recorded January 4,
1 Paciflc Bank to William H. H. Hart, undi
vided 2-25 th of Blythe estate (deed and assign-
Mary H Barrington to Hannah L. Darllnr,
lot on S line of Jackson street, 70:6 Wof Lar
kin W 17 by 8 62:6: $10.
W. B. and Lizzie W. Eastin to John L. Has
kell' lot on NE corner of Van Ness avenue and
Green street, N 45 by E 125 (quitclaim deed); $L
Joseph Becker to Anna K. Becker, lot on 3
line of Hayes street. 187:6 E of Gough. E 27:6 by
Georgia and Joseph Gross to Frank Pauson.
lot on W line of Octavla street, 60 8 of O'Far
rell S 30 by W 100; $10.
Edward C. Hingen to Catherine Hisgen. lot
on W line of Webster street, 68 N of Ellis, N
"S by W 93:6: also lot on N line of Sutter street.
1»5 W of Webster. W 30 by N 137:6; also lot on
N line of Geary street. 112:6 W of Hyde. W
25 by N 137:6; gift.
John W. Pearson Jr. to E. C. Hawkins, 50
vara lot 1 In -Western Addition block 612. NW
corner Devlsadero and Fulton streets; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Hibemla
Savines and Loan Society, lot on NE corner of
Geary and Lyon streets. E 137:6 by N 137:6: .
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to William
Lynch lot on E line of Lyon street, 107 N of
Geary.* I* 30:6 by E 112:6; $950.
Robert and Mary A. Leech to Diedrfch
Meinke lot on N line of Dorland street. 195 E
of Dolores. E 60 by N 115; $10.
Julia Jirkowsky to Pauline A. Spanggord
(wife of S. L.), lot 2R5, Heyman Tract: $10.
George A. and Edith T. Pope to Emily F.
Pope undivided one-half of lot on S line of
Sacramento street. 275 E of Dnirara, E 74:3, S
116:8. SW 91:5, N 171:1%. Market-street gore; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Hale Bros, (a corporation) to George F. and
Harry N. Gray (contractors), architects Reid
Bros.— Excavation and concrete work connected
with erection of store building on S side of
Market street, between Fifth and Sixth, com
mencing at a point 7S from Sixth street: $1433.
Will & Flnck Company (owners) with Robin
son &. GUlesple contractors, alterations and ad
ditions to store fronts at 818-820 Market Btreet,
in Phelan building; $1347.
Joseph M. Furrer and wife (owners) with
Hughes & McDonald contractors, architect H.
He&s. all work for a two-story frame. building
on SE corner of Thirteenth and. Jessie streets.
39:4x55:4; *«
TEACHINGS OF HIPPOCRATES.
Dr. Lane Opens His Course of Lect
ures in Cooper Medical College.
The eighteenth annual course of Lan©
lectures was begun last night in Cooper
Medical by Dr. C. L. Lane, his
subject being. "Hippocrates and Some
Things Which He Has Taught." Dr. Lane
characterized Hippocrates as the most
learned doctor of ancient times and one
of the most remarkable figures In history,
and the titles of "Father of Medicine"
and "Divine Old Man" had been most
aptly applied to him. After tracing tho
career and relating some of the wonderful
cures of Hippocrates, Dr. Lane said:
"No doubt the science of medicine
greatly advanced during the tlmo of Hip
pocrates, who assigned a high place to a
careful selection of food In the treatment
of diseases. He kept a record of the
symptoms of various diseases and pre
scribed what his experience had shown to
be good. He framed his observations into
a system of medicine, and although he
could never separate himself from the
ancient belief that the four elements were
fire, water, earth and air, his researches
have formed the groundwork upon which
the wonderful progress of medicine has
been founded."
'FARRELL. £.04— Furnished bulte; sunny rea-
rcnable: to gentlemen.
JIOEEDALE. ::i Elite, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25c a r.'rht; Jl a week; transient.
COURT TWIN PEAKS.
It Commemorates Its Twelfth Anni
versary by Entertainment,
Banquet and Dance.
Court Twin Peaks No. 7556 of the An
cient Order of Foresters was twelve years
old last Thursday night, and the officers
and members commemorated the event by
inviting their lady friends and relatives
to an; entertainment, banquet and dance
in the Foresters' building. There wee
present In the social hall of that building
about two hundred, more than one-half of
that number being ladies. The following
programme was rendered: Overture, band;
bass solo, J. A. Robertson; recitation,
"Bridget's Misunderstanding," Mrs. H. O.
Smith; piano solo. Miss Lulu Lewis; duet,
selected, Messrs. Dulfer and Arndt; tenor
solo, Charles Taylor; recitation, selected,
Fred Head.
At the close of the programme there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall
on the upper floor, where there was spread
an excellent supper. During the evening
the following toasts, offered by Toast
master C. Lt. Douglass, were responded to:
"Forestry— Our Order," M. Boehm, H. C.
R. ; music, "I'm a Forester Free," band:
"The Land We Live In— Our Country,'
William J. Locke; music, "The Red, White
and Blue" band; "Twin Peaks— Our
Court," Alex Smith; music, selections
from ''Robin Hood," band; "The Ladies—
Our Companions." John Falconer, P. S.;
music, "Comin' Thro' the Rye," band.
Then there was a return to the social
hall, where dancing was kept up until
midnight. The following committees di
rected the celebration: Arrangement— F.
A. Irving (chairman), W. T. Hammond,
W. H. Tench, Alex Smith and Ray A.
Brayman. Reception — James H. Erneft
(chairman), F. W. Dulfer, Peter Koppcn,
W. T. Plevln, Alex Cairns. Floor man
ager, R. J. H. Sulsberg. Floor— Alf Grant,
W. B. Carpenter, Charles Curler and
Harry Jones.
NO STREET RAILWAY COMBINE.
Prominent Men In Three Roads Put a
Quietus Upon a Somewhat
Sensational Story.
A story was published in an evening
paper that Robert P. Morrow was making
a deal with the California and Union
street roads to go into a combine with
the Market-street Railway, with the Sut
ter-street and Sutro lines. The names of
J. B. Stetson, Charles- Holbrook and R. P.
Morrow were mentioned to give an ap
pearance of reality to the story. Those
gentlemen were seen by a reporter for The
Call last evening.
"I never heard of any deal until I saw
the story in the evening paper," said R. F.
Morrow. "If there is such a deal going on
and I am taking part in it that is very
queer, for I do not know anything
about it."
"The first that I have heard about it
was when a reporter called on me this
evening and asked me If the California
street road had been aproached by Mr.
Morrow with a view to making the ru
mored deal," said Mr. Stetson. I am the
president of the California-street road and
If there was any deal pending I would be
pretty apt to hear about it. You are au
thorized to say for me that I do not know
and never have heard, except in the way
that I have already mentioned, that there
was any talk of a deal of the eort men
tioned."
f "My opinion is that It is a canard," said
Charles Holbrook, who is a director of, the
Market-street Railway. "I have never
heard that Mr. Morrow was trying to
make a deal for the consolidation of the
lines mentioned. There is nothing to it
My reason for thinking so is that the In
terests are too antagonistic. '*
HT'MBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. U
Geary et.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 8.60 per cent
per annum on term and S per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2 *I9W. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery *t.. Mills building— For the half-
year ending D«-cember 80. ISS9. dividends on
term deposits at tlie rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum and on or-
dinary depotits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January I, 1300. pCt«u
8 L ABBOT JR., Secretary.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. CS'i hour 3 from Port
land, via Astoria 46-\ hours.
Schr Sadie, Smith. 6 days from Saa Pedro.
CLEARED
Friday. January 5.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nacaimo; It
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Stmr Surprise. Bray. Honolulu; M W Ches
nay.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Ooodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona. Debr.ey, San Diego: Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Ship TUUe E Stajiuck. Curtla. 132 days from
Philadelphia.
Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson. Tahiti; J Pln«t
& Co.
SAILED.
Friday. January S.
Stmr Ellhu Thomson. Whitney. •
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
f*tmr Gitsy, LelanO, Santa Crux.
Stmr Alice Dlacchard. Jeasen. Coos Bay.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanalmo.
U S stmr Sheridan, Fierce. Honolulu and
Manila,. via Seattle.
Schr Gotama. Johar.nsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Daisy Howe, Nyrr.an, Coos Bay.
Schr Abblc, Hansen. Caspar.
Haw bark Santiago. Engalls. Honolulu.
Schr Melancthnn, Olsen, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber, Eureka.
Schr Comseer, Larson. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan S. 10 p m— Weathw
foggy; wlr.d S. velocity 18 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan s— Bktn Skagit.
for Honolulu.
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Jan 5-Schr
Corona, from Port Harford.
Passed in Jan s— Br stmr Queen Adelaide,
from Taerima.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan s— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Jan 3
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 4, at 1 p m— Stmr Ar
cata. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 4— Schr Vo
lant, for Fan Francisco,
Arrived Jan 4— Schr Roy Somers. hence Jan
uary 30. . • •'
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Jan 4— Schr
Queen, from Port Gamble.
OLYM PI A— Arrived Jan &-Schr Joserli Rum.
troTp. San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jaa 4— Stair Leran*.
from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Jaa B— Stars Pomon* and
Fulton, hence Jan 4.
Sailed Jan s— Stmrs National City and La
ella. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan S-Stmr Stat« of Cali
fornia, hence Jan 3.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan &— Stmr Del XorU.
from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan s— Stmr Sequoia,
for Pan Francisco.
Arrived Jan s— Stmr Noyo. h«ac# Jan 4.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan &-Stmr City of To
peka, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jan s— Schr M»
teor. from San Pedro; schr Corona, from Port
Harford.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan »-Schr Barbara
Hernster. for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 6— Stmr Cleone. for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 4— Br stor Atho*.
from Colon. ¦':'•¦'.'
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPtTLCO— Arrived Jan 2— Br itnr Jeaso
mene. from Newcastle. NSW.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 4— Br stnar Oa
Sang, hence Dec 5.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan t— Br «ai3 Mar»
chal Souchet, for San Francisco.
In port Dec 21— Br ship Imerhorn. for T»
coma.
COLON— Arrived Jan B— Stiar Advance, from
New York.
Palled Jan B— Stmr Alllanea. for New York.
MANlLA— Arrived prior to Jan 5— V S stmr
Logan, from New York; Br stmr Wyefleld.
hence Nov 24.
GUAM— Sailed Dec 23— Br stmr Victoria, for
Manila, with broken shaft. In tow of U S
stmr Brutus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan S— Stmr Lwcnnla.
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived January s— Stmr
Campania, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
NAPLES— SaiIed Jan 5— Stmr August* Vic
toria; from Genoa, for New York.
QUARREL AT CARDS
DOES DUTY FOR HOLD-UP
Charles Wenneberg Was Only Bat
tered Bya Friend and Not by-
Mission Footpads.
Charles Wenneberg, who resides at 637
Elizabeth street, was not held up Wednes
day night by footpads, robbed of $400 and
beaten into insensibility at Twenty-second
and Castro streets. He merely got the
worst of a quarrel at his own residence
over a presumably friendly game of cards.
Gus Edberg was his assailant.
Edberg called at Wenneberg's home and
was soon engaged in a card game, which
progressed till host and guest quarreled
over the stakes. The dispute was settled
by Edberg hitting Wenneberg on the
head with a cuspidor. At this stage of the
proceedings Officers E. J. Thomson and
George Farrell took a hand in the gam©.
Edberg was. locked up on the charge of
assault with a deadly weapon and Wenne
berg was taken to the County Hospital to
have his head stitched.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metrler, 636 Washington Btreet.
thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
where services will be held at -2 o'clock, un-
der the auspices of North Beach Lodge No.
9. O. d.H: s.
MINARIK— In this city. January 4, 1900, John
Mlnarik, beloved son of the late Anton and
Katherlue Mlnarik, and brother of Fannie
and Joseph Mlnarik. a native of Cleveland,
Ohio, aged 25 years and ' I months. (Cleve-
land. Ohio, and Santa Ana, Cal.. papers
please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S3l York street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MUI^CREVT-In this city. January E. .1900.
Martin Mulcrevy, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Mulcrevy, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged 84 years. ¦
t-7 Friends and acquaintances ar« reepect--
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrowi
(Sunday), at 12:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 404 Halght street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Flllmore streets,
where services will be held. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. j.."-
RUPPRICHT— In Haywards. January 8. 1900,
John B. Rupprlcht. beloved eon of Mr. and
Mrs. John Rupprlcht, and brother of Charles,
Winnie and Elsie Rupprlcht. a native of
Dutch Flat, Cal., aged 84 years S months and
5 da;- s.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, in Haywards. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery. • ,
EEIBDRLJCH— In this city, January S, 1300,
Francis Ferdinand Selberllch, dearly beloved
husband of Ellen Seiberllch. and beloved
father of Francis Thomas Selberllch, a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aged 71 years and 9
months.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 447 Tehama Etreet. between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street, for serv-
ices, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BHARUP— In this city, January 5. 1900. Roland
B. Sharup, only son of the late Edward
Sharup and Mary Sharup, a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 9 years and 9 months.
BLACK— In this city, January 6, 1900, Ellard
D. Slack, eon of Mrs. E. F. Slack, and
brother of Mrs. M. H. Mayberry and Walter
K. and Edcar S. Slack, a native of Nevada
County. Cal., aged 26 years and 1 month.
K7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BMITH— In this city, January 4, 1900. Frederick
Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 71 years and 15
days.
C7"The funeral services will be held
this day (Saturday), at 3 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment private.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 4, 1900, Helen
Carmel, beloved daughter of Annie F. and
the late J. D. Suillvan. a native of San. Fran-
cisco.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 1029 Capp street, thence
to t. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriages.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 6, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Daniel Sulli-
van, and beloved mother of Mary, James,
Daniel and Dennis Sullivan. Mrs. John Bern-
hard and the late Katie Sullivan, a native
of the parish of Kllcoe, County Cork, Ire-
land, ased "4 years.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BUTTON— In this city, January 5. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Sutton. and mother
of Mary Sutton ar.d Mrs. H. L. Skirvln, a
native of County Wlcklow. Ireland, aged 60
years.
WALSH— In this city, January 5, 1900, James
Joseph Walsh, beloved husband of Katharine
Walsh, and father of Joseph, Ella, James,
Maggie, Kate. John and William Walsh, a
native of England, aged 12 years 2 months
and 10 days.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
THREE CHINESE LAND
WITHOUT LEGAL AID
Escaped From the Detention Shed.
Their Applications for Admis
sion Had Been Denied. ,
Some time during last Thursday night
threo of 'the ninety-six Chinese Immi
grants In the detention shed at the Mall
dock escaped, and there was much per
turbation In consequence at the Chinese
bureau and the steamship company's of
fice yesterday.
Chinese in the detention shed are by a
legal fiction supposed to be on board the
steamer on which they arrived, awaiting
the decision of th© Collector of the Port,
the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Federal courts as to their right to land,
and they are fed at the expense of the
steamship company, which is held by the
Chinese bureau responsible for their safe
keeping.
The Collector of Customs has provided
three watchmen, each of whom does an
eight-hour turn, his station being at the
osily door of exit and entrance. All of the
Chinese in the shed had beeen denied a
landing and were awaiting deportation,
habeas corpus writs, etc. The three who
escaped broke a back window overlooking
the shed roof of the Mail dock, broke the
wire netting which the steamship com
pany had attached to It, got on tne roof
and slid to the ground on a lead pipe,
thereby getting a lead pipe cinch on lib
erty.
A special corps of customs inspectors
was at once dispatched on the chase.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en rulte or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GJItAHI* House. 1«2 Seventh— Punny furnished
room?; <iav cr week: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. fIS-Newly furnished,
sunny rocir.s. Fcrupulously clean, from $8 up;
fine alcove room with running water; no sign.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Foutheast cor. Seventh
and Mission rts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
lir.gle: ladies" parlor; reading room: elevator.
HAIGHT. 100— Newly furnished Fur.ny rooms.
ratable fcr one or two gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission-Select family
rocmir.g heure; Jl £© to 56 per week.
BIRTHS— MARffIAGES— DEATHS.
IMrth, marriage ana death notices tent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRfKER— In this city. December 84. ISM. to
the wife of Francis G. Bruker. a son.
TRELEA.SE— In this city, January 2. 1900, to
the wife of O. O. Trelease. a son.
WITT— In this city. December 29. 1599. to the
wife of H. E. Witt, a daughter. ¦• ¦
HOWARD. C4o— Nicely furnished eulte of house-
ke^picg rocme; also single roo:r.»; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715— 100 sur.r.y rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every ccnvenler.ee; electric lights.
HOWARD, k2»— Clfan. retractable : Sic-Jl per
night; .1-53 per week: Howard cars to door.
MINNA. eC7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Tl 1 cr week; transient.
&IIPFION. ITT/'t— V. >cni Ir. exchange to resp^ct-
atle lady to ae^t bey vrlth evening studies.
NEW Arlington. KIS Market— Nicely furnished:
ESc Cay up: J2 week up: transient.
ICE. ccr. Howard and Main— Two new furnished
runcy roorr.F; bath; fj month.
O'FARRELL. 2t> — funny furnished rooms and
effices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
A I!RA.\TH office for Call advertisements and
«üb»rrlr,tlor.s has been estabiiEhed at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tu<-kv «t». : r-vn till 9 n m.
ROOMS WA.MED.
GENTLEMAN warts furr.Uhei room with
bath, home comforts; central location: state
lerrr.r and edition*. Artdr^s box 4SS6 Call.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office. TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
January 6, 1300.
The time ball on the tower of ths new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. •.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of title Is the same at both places.
ICOTICE is hereby riven that the Maria Kip
I Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphan, half-errban and aban-
<onM plrl« from October 1. "1533, to January
1. lioirt: Nettle Moore, aped 12 years; Ceclle
H. Williamson, aeed 11 year?; Ir^ne Bennet.
aged 11 years: Vera C. Faber. aged 9 years;
Ceorgle C. Faber. aped 4 year*: Bessie I.
L»e. aged 7 veers; Mabel J. L»e. aped .". years;
Franp»-s M. Kane, aged t years- Emily Johns-
ton. a»r»d 5 years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
IS months.
ROOMS papered frrm $3: whitened, tl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. Sll Third.
X2AD tenants elected for J4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<:S M-rtrotnTv rt.. ri"m> 9-1 C: tpl. EZ2O.
6TOUAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
J'IKKCE-RUDOLPH Etoraee and~Movtng~CoT
Offtce. 401 TV** »t.. «-rsr. Powell: tel. Main E7IS
1 KEl»Aini\G.
WATCHES c>ar.»<l 75c; jruaranteed 2 years
The P.r>v Jn-t'.rr nni Optical Co.. 64t KearnT.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O "R T ILj -A.2STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr si 2 first Class Including Berth
rAiIL $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. 13. X; Feb. 2. U
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15..... T........
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7, 17
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
C3O Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
NOTE— In th» above exposition of tha tide*
the early momlnc tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tA«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives ths second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. . The heights
Riven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast 5 Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
OAKLAXD^HttMTiaii KOIt SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
furnuuro q^slfr. 11th nnd FVanklln. Oakland.
13
Sun rises 7:28
Bun nets 5:06
Moon sets 11:24 p. m.
d Time Time Time Time
g. PL Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW L, W HW LW
1... J:2O 6.6 9:n I.J S:2l 4.5 9:« 1.1
7 ... 4:05 6.8 10:26 1.6 4:40 4.3 10:00 1.7
8 ... 4:51 6.7 11:40 1.1 6:05 3.8 11:00 2.3
9 ... 6:42 6.» 12:49 0.6 7:31 3.3
L "W . H W L.W HW
10 ... 0:01 2.7 6:33 «.O 1:52 0.1 8:47 4.0
11 ... 1:05 8.0 7:29 6.0 2:48—0.4 9:47 4.1
13 ... 2:07 3.1 5:22 6.1 3:38—0.7 10:39 4.4
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
Homer Portland Jan. 6
Willamette Seattle Jan. i
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Jan. «
Alg-oa China and Japan Jan. 6
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. «
M'ashtenaw .... Tacoma Jan. 6
Eanta Koea San Diego Jan. 1
Ban Juan Panama Jan. 7
Umatllla Victoria & Puret Bound Jan. 7
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 7
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 7
Miami Seattle Jan. S
Tellus Departure Bay Jan. S
Robt. Adamson. Nanaimo Jan. S
Wellington Departure Bay Jan. S
Progrrso Tacoma Jan. 9
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 9
Btate of Ca1.... Portland Jan. 10
Corona San Diego „.. Jan. 11
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City , Jan. 11
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 11
Queen Victoria & Plight Sound Jan. 12
Moana Sydney Jan. 12
Bonlta Newport Jan. 13
Columbia Portland Jan. 13
Steamer. I Destination. I Balls. I Pier.
Balls
Oaello China* Japan Jan. i, lpm PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pitt Sd. Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 9
tt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 6, 2 prn Pier 3
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 8. 2pm Pier U
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 6, 9am Pier 2
Aloha Crescent City. Jan. 6. 3pm Pier 2
Aberdeen ..Portland Jan. «. 6pm Pier 15
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Jan. 6, spm
Bcnlta Newport Jan. 7. 9am Pier 11
Curacao .... Mexico. Jan. T, 10 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Jan. S, 10 am Pier 24
Acapulco .. Panama Jan. t. 12- m PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 8. 10 am Pier 13
Coqullle Rt Grays Harbor Jan. J, 12 m ...;.-...
Santa Roga San Diepo Jan. 9. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. t. 2pm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 10, 10 am Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 10. 3pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 11, 9am Pier 11
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgrt Sd. Jan. 11. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Corona I San Diego Jan. 13. 11 amlPler 11
Steamer. I Destination. I Balls. I Pier.
Balls
Oaello China* Japan Jan. i, lpm PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pitt Sd. Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 9
tt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 6, 2 prn Pier 3
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 8. 2pm Pier U
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 6, 9am Pier 2
Aloha Crescent City. Jan. 6. 3pm Pier 2
Aberdeen ..Portland Jan. «. 6pm Pier 15
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Jan. 6, spm
Bcnlta Newport Jan. 7. 9am Pier 11
Curacao .... Mexico. Jan. T, 10 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Jan. S, 10 am Pier 24
Acapulco .. Panama Jan. t. 12- m PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 8. 10 am Pier 13
Coqullle Rt Grays Harbor Jan. J, 12 m ...;.-...
Santa Roga San Diepo Jan. 9. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. t. 2pm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 10, 10 am Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 10. 3pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 11, 9am Pier 11
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgrt Sd. Jan. 11. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Corona I San Diego Jan. 13. 11 amlPler 11
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
Homer Portland Jan. 6
Willamette Seattle Jan. i
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Jan. «
Alg-oa China and Japan Jan. 6
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. «
M'ashtenaw .... Tacoma Jan. 6
Eanta Koea San Diego Jan. 1
Ban Juan Panama Jan. 7
Umatllla Victoria & Puret Bound Jan. 7
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 7
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 7
Miami Seattle Jan. S
Tellus Departure Bay Jan. S
Robt. Adamson. Nanaimo Jan. S
Wellington Departure Bay Jan. S
Progrrso Tacoma Jan. 9
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 9
Btate of Ca1.... Portland Jan. 10
Corona San Diego „.. Jan. 11
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City , Jan. 11
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 11
Queen Victoria & Plight Sound Jan. 12
Moana Sydney Jan. 12
Bonlta Newport Jan. 13
Columbia Portland Jan. 13
Sun rises 7:28
Bun nets 5:06
Moon sets 11:24 p. m.
d Time Time Time Time
g. PL Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW L, W HW LW
1... J:2O 6.6 9:n I.J S:2l 4.5 9:« 1.1
7 ... 4:05 6.8 10:26 1.6 4:40 4.3 10:00 1.7
8 ... 4:51 6.7 11:40 1.1 6:05 3.8 11:00 2.3
9 ... 6:42 6.» 12:49 0.6 7:31 3.3
L "W . H W L.W HW
10 ... 0:01 2.7 6:33 «.O 1:52 0.1 8:47 4.0
11 ... 1:05 8.0 7:29 6.0 2:48—0.4 9:47 4.1
13 ... 2:07 3.1 5:22 6.1 3:38—0.7 10:39 4.4There Is not an ounce of headache In a bar-
rel of It— 3emt Moore "AA" whiskey.
"CRAP" GAMESTERS ENTERTAINING JUDGE SMITH.
f i» \ HERE were eight persons arrested late at night for engng-
Ji ing in an alleged unlawful gambling game, and upon re
quest of one of the attorneys of the persons so charged I
left my residence in order to accept bail and bonds for their re
lease. Thin I considered my duty, and it is not exceptional, but
has often been done by me before. After the ofllcial duty of releas
ing the defendants had been accomplished, I was invited by Attor
ney Harry Pulcifer, a personal friend of mine, to partake of some
slicht refreshment at the restaurant on Eleventh street.
While there nome of the persons charged with Rambling- came
in, without my knowledge or connivance, and, it being a public
place, had as much rtelit there an I had.
There nan no conversation held of the least impropriety.
These persons were jointly charged and demanded separate
trlulN, i>n (l each demanded a jury trial. Thin should be sufllcient
to show that the pernons so charged did not have any abiding
t'nith that if their canes were left to my judgment a judgment of
not guilty would be rendered.
I Mrill also add that the defendant Deacon, the first of these
persons tried, wan found isnllt y by a Jury; that I refused a new trial
and lined the defendant ?100 with an alternative of fifty days in
jail.
I will also add that ltefore I arrived on the night in Question
to accept bail, the I'olice Department had fixed the bail at X."50,
which several defendants save before I arrived, but upon m>* ar
rival I fixed the ball for the defendants still In custody at $100,
and they khic bonds in nuch sum.
\\ Jill** the article found in The Call make* no direct charge
of corruption asaiiiMt me t It would irem that the hope Is Indulged
that the public Mill draw nuch an inference. Thin Is a great in
justice to me, and I make thin Htatement of facts from which every
impartial mind trill at once see there wnn no impropriety in my
conduct, and that no act or word was spoken Inconsistent with
the performance of my whole duty. MORTIMER SMITH.
Oakland, January ft, 11KK) .
CHRISTOPHER DERHAM'S WILL.
Decedent Bequeaths a Valuable Es
tate to His Immediate Relatives.
The will of Christopher Derham, who
died January 1, leaving an estate exceed
ing $20,000 in value, was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent bequeaths $5000 to
his nephew, Terrence Derham: $5000 to his
nephew, Christopher Derham: $2000 to
Peter Derham, a brother: $500 to Cath
erine Derham, a niece: $500 to Ellen Der
ham, a niece: to Terrence Derham and
John Qulnn the sum of $5000 in trust for
the benefit of Ellen Derham, a sister,
Richard Derham, a brother, Ellie Der
ham, a niece, and Richard Derham, a
nephew. The residue of the estate Is de
vised to decedent's nephew, Terrence Der
ham.
TWO COMMERCIAL
BODIES WORKING
ON WATER FRONT
Asking Harbor Board
Questions.
LOOKING INTO THE EXPENSE
DISCUSSING ALSO ADEQUACY OF
WHARVES.
Two commercial organizations of the
city are taking a lively interest In the ad
ministration of the water front, these be
ing the Chamber of Commerce and the
Merchants' Association. The Chamber
of Commerce has been Investigating the
cost of the administration for some time.
An annual meeting of the chamber will bo
held upon the lGth inst. At that time a
report and possibly two reports will be
made, a majority and a minority report.
While these reports are guarded with
care it is known to be the fact that rec
ommendations will be made looking to the
reduction of the Harbor Board's expenses
by the dismissal of some of those now
employed. R. G. Sneath, one of the com
mittee, will recommend the dismissal of
all or nearly all of the collectors, of whom
there are .fifteen. This rumor wad about
the water front yesterday and it was ac
knowledged to be a fact last night by
Mr. Sneath.
"I went down and had a long talk with
the Commissioners Thursday afternoon,"
said Mr. Sneath, "and inquired particu
larly about the number of collectors era
ployed. I was told that the collectors do
not all collect, but that they do other duty
and were rated as collectors oenau&o they
could be hired cheaper as collectors. Ido
not think that more than one man is
needed as a collector, for a large share
of the money that comes In la on the
credit list and is collected only once a
month. What the committee w'll report
I cannot say."
A committee from the Merchants' As
sociation passed some time yesterday aft
ernoon in consultation with the Harbor
Board concerning the necessity for more
wharf accommodation and also concern
ing the expectations of the board about
the immediate increase of wharves in the
near future. The committee consisted of
Directors Sims, Sherwood and E. B. Pond.
Mr. Sims opened the proceedings by ex
plaining the purpose of the committee. He
said that the Merchants' Association had
no captious criticism to offer. The com
mittee did not come before the board with
a chip on Its shoulder. He hoped that
the board would understand that all th^t
was sought was Information concerning
the facilities existing or needed for the
use of the shipping of the port. There
were 1100 members of the Merchants' As
sociation. They were of the opinion that
everything should bo done that could be
done for the commercial welfare of San
Francisco. The city had relied alone upon
Providence too long. Now that the expan
sion of trade Is predicted, and generally
expected, it was time to be on the move.
Director Sherwood said that he had
heard that there had been times lately
when there was not sufficient' wharf ac
commodation. How was that?
A general discussion followed that last
ed an hour. The Commissioners furnished
information from records.
Major Harney made a showing of the
finances of the board, and also told about
the new wharves which the board expect
ed to have under way during the coming
year. The most material facts shown
were that the board expected to have
money enough, and a balance of about
$3000 over, If the Income was according ro
the outlook for the year, to build
Howard-street wharf No. 3, to build a new
postofnee for Station D at the ferry, to
construct two wharves between Union
and Lombard streets, to rebuild the fish
ermen's wharf at the foot of Taylor street,
to complete the Santa Fe freight slip and
to widen, lengthen and cover the Main
street wharf, all out of the revenues of
the board. Engineer Holmes explained to
the committee the work planned to be
done during the year, using a water front
map for the purpose.
There was some talk concerning the ex
tension of the pier line. The most of the
facts developed have been previously pub
lished In The Call. The committee will
report to the association.
VICTORIA TOWED
BY THE BRUTUS
REACHES GUAM
Overdue Transport Is
Now in Safety.
OPPOSITION LINE TO SOUND
»
RELEASED TRANSPORTS TO BE
PUT ON THE ROUTE.
Tho overdue transport Victoria, on
which 20 per cent reinsurance was paid
by the underwriters, is safe. A dispatch
to the Merchants' Exchange from Manila
states that on December 25 she started
from Guam for the Philippines in tow of
the naval transport Brutus. The latter
vessel towed the coast defense steamer
Monterey from San Francisco to Manila,
so there is no doubt but what she will
get the Victoria to her destination in
safety.
Tho Victoria left here on October 12
with a general cargo of supplies for the
soldiers in the Philippines. On November
9 she was spoken by the transport Tartar
with the thrust block of her main shaft
broken. Assistance was offered the dis
abled vessel, but the captain refused a
tow on the ground that he could reach a
port of safety without a tow.
The steamers Brutus and Yosemito
have, for the last few months, been sur
veying a cable route between Guam and
the Philippines. The supposition is that
tho Brutus, while engaged in this work,
picked up the Victoria and towed her into
Guam. After fitting out she then took the
disabled transport in tow again and start
ed for Manila. The transport Wyefield ar
rived at Manila yesterday and as she was
to call at Honolulu and Guam after leav
ing here, the chances are that she took
the news of thu Victoria's safety along
with her.
The chances are that in another two
months there will be a competing line of
steamers between San Francisco and
Puget Sound ports. The owners of the
transports Glenogle, Victoria, Tacoma
and Columbia aro said to have secured an
American registry for their British bot
toms by a special act of Congress and are
going to run the veseels on the coast.
When the Dowdells of Seattle chartered
tho vessels to the Government they
thought the war would be long continued
and that the Glenogle, Victoria, Tacoma
and Columbia would continue carrying
troops and supplies for many moons to
come. On the strength ot this they char
tered other vessels to fill the places of
their own ships in the Oriental trade by
the year. Now comes the news from
Washington that all chartered vessels are
to be returned to their owners as soon
as they again reach San Francisco. This
will leave Dowdell & Co. with four or five
surplus vessels on their hands.
The concern has not been idle in the In
terim, however, and on the strength of
their vessels' services as transports it is
said they have induced Uncle Sam to
grant them an American registry. As the
Dowden s chartered steamers have to be
kept going there Is nothing left for the
Glenogle, Victoria, Tacoma and Columbia
to do but enter into the coast trade in op
position- to tho Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. This will mean a rate war that
will end In tho absorption of one Une by
the other.
The four barges which have of late
been carrying rock from the Columbia
River to Grays Harbor for the improve
ment of the latter plnce are now to carry
lumber from Grays Harbor to San Fran
cisco. The appropriation for the Improve
ment of Grays Harbor has given out. and
In consequence there is nothing for the
barges to do. They are fine large ves
sels and will be fitted with a schooner
rig, so thaf In the event of their break
ing away from the tug they could take
care of themselves. They are named
Washongal, Washtucua, Wahkiakum and
Wallacut and will carry- nearly a million
feet of lumber each. Their advent in the
coast trade means that no more pile or
lumber rafts will be towed down the coast
this year.
Captain John Metcalf, Lloyd's surveyor
for California, has been appointed super
intendent of the Pacific Improvement
Company's steamers. The Southern Pa
cific has long been looking for a thor
oughly capable man to fill. this position,
and in Captain Metcalf they havo found
one who will fill the bill. A more com
petent or conscientious man than Cap
tain Metcalf could not be found on the
Pacific Coast. !
The United States transport - Sheridan
sailed for Seattle yesterday afternoon. At
that point she will load supplies for Ma
nila. Viut may call here on her way down
in order to take aboard some recruits for
General Otis.
The mail steamer Australia docked at
Pacific street wharf yesterday. She was
released from quarantine Wednesday and
went to the sugar refinery, where she dis
charged her cargo of sugar. She then
docked at Pacific street and at once be
gan receiving freight. She will sail again
Wednesday for Honolulu.
The Gaelic will sail to-morrow for the
Orient will a full carro and quite a num
ber of passengers. Sue will stop at Ho
nolulu on the way to Yokohama
"Bob" Hogan Anxious to Be Appointed Lees
Successor— Formally Announces His
Candidacy-New Appointments,*
DETECTIVE "BOB" HOGAN, WHO ASPIRES TO BE CHIEF
OF POLICE.
"All promotions in the de
partment shall be made from
the next lower rank, seniority
of service and meritorious ser
vice to be considered."
THAT is the language of section 1.
chapter VII of the charter. Upon
it those opposed to the candidacy
of Lieutenant Esola for the office
of Chief of Police base their hopes
that he will not be named as the succes
sor of Isaiah W. Lees. They hold that
the provision precludes the possibility of
his appointment over the present cap
tains, not to speak of the other lieuten
ants, his seniors on the force. Some stand
will undoubtedly be made upon this point,
although, in all likelihood, it will not aval]
to denrive Esola of the coveted prize.
It is stated that this provision of the
charter has been carefully considered by
the advisers of Esola and has been put
under the notice of the Mayor. In addi
tion, it is also said, his Honor and several
prominent attorneys consulted have given
It as their opinion that it is not necessary,
for a person to be eligible for the office of
Chief of Police, to be a member of the de
partment. This Interpretation of the pro
vision may be somewhat In the nature of
a hint concerning the plan of Esola to
overcome any objection to. his promotion
that may be raised by section 1. chapter
VII of the charter. It is as much as to
say there Is nothing to prevent him, when
the time comes, resigning his lieutenancy
and becoming a private citizen. The
transformation, then, from private citizen
to Chief of Police could be easily made as
indicated.
AVhether or not Lieutenant Esola con
templates such action is not announced.
It is plain, however. . that his so doing
might prove a staggerer for those who
pin their faith in his defeat on the word
ing of section 1, chapter VII.
Detective Robert Hogan has declared
himself a candidate for Chief of Police in
opposition to Esola. He is being warmly
supported by a number of lawyers and
business men, and is hopeful of victory.
When seen at his home last night Hogan
said: "Yes, it Is true that I have entered
the race for Chief of Police. I consider
that I am as much entitled to the office as
any of the candidates whose names have
been mentioned. My record as a detective
conclusively shows that I have the neces
sary abiiity to conduct the affairs of the
DEATH OF GEORGE BONNY.
Expired in Bordentown, N. J., After
an Active Life, at the Age of
Seventy-Three.
News was received in this city yester
day of the death of George Bonny, which
took place Thursday night at the home
of his sister at Bordentown, N. J., where
he has been residing for a few years. Mr.
Bonny was well known in this city. He
was in early days the partner of George
C. Shreve. In later years he was a stock
holder in Shreve & Co., and also a direc
tor. Mr. Bonny was born in Schoharle
County. New York. December 22, IS2S. He
came to California In 1549 by way of the
isthmus. First he was a miner ar.d then
was connected with steamboatin^ on the
coast for a period. About thirty-five years
ago he formed a partnership with George
C. Shreve. The firm was first located at
the corner of Clay and Montgomery
streets. Later it moved up the street to
the Occidental Hotel block, then to the
Crocker building. Upon the death of
George C. Shreve in ISD3 the present cor
poration was formed, with which Mr.
Bonny was connected. After awhile he
went East to get a rest and to visit his
relatives. Since then he has not been on
the coast. Death came from pneumonia.
Mr. Bonny was never Inclined to public
life. He was n member of the Paclflc-
Unlon Club and also a member of the So
ciety of California Pioneers. He never
married. Personally Mr. Bonny was
known as a genial, charitable man. He
was a favorite In the business estab
ment with which ho was con
nected, because of the considera
tion he manifested to the employes.
His snowy white hair and beard made
him conspicuous. He leaves quite a large
estate. His- nephew. Bruce Bonny, Is con
nected with Shreve & Co. The. funeral
services will take place Monday at Bor
dentown, N. J.
Police Lepartment. My frienc!3 are dolnjr
all in their power to have me succeed
Lees, and unless I am very much mis
taken.l will capture t>r coveted plum."
Hogan nas been connected with the de
partment for a long number of years and
is considered one of the shrewdest detec
tives in the country. While engaged in
gathering evidence in the Benhayon mur
der case about ten years ago. Hogan ac
cidentally stumbled on Lees' corns and was
Immediately "shelved." Since then he has
been working- in the office of the Dis
trict Attorney, handling important crim
inal eases, and rendering meritorious ser
vice in convicting desperate criminal. A
number of the most prominent lawyers in
the city are exerting themselves to have
him appointed successor to ex-Chief Lees.
Yesterday the Police Commissioners
held another session and reduced Sergeant
Harper to the ranKs on account of dis
ability. John M. Lewis of the Potrero
station was promoted to the rank of ser
geant to take Harper's place.
The following new policemen were ap
pointed: T. L. Wolters. Bert Wren. John
Hayes, Thomas J. Larkin, William Flynn,
George Merchant, John Robl. Charles
Birdsall, Maurice Penan Jr., John D.
Shine, Percy McPartland, Timothy Cronin
and James Graham.
Wren is warrant clerk in Judge Tread
well's court, but he will resign his position
next Monday. He is a brother of Detec
tive Ed Wren and one of the most popular
young men in the city.
Blrdsall is the son of Lieutenant Birds
all of the Central station and has a host
of friends. Shine Is the son of the United
States Marshal and is regarded as or.c of
the most promising of the new appointees.
The Commissioners will hold another
meeting at 1 o'clock this afternoon. It 13
understood that they will retire several
old officers. In order that Captains Bohen
and Dunleavy might enjoy the benefits of
the Increased pension under the new
charter the Commissioners have decided
not to interfere with them. Monday noon
the Commissioners will formally vacate*
their seats in favor of the Incoming board.
Robbed on the Street.
STOCKTON. Jan. s.— Just across the
street from the police office early to-night
two men aeld up a west side farmer and
forcibly took J7S from him. The police
chased the fellows but lost them.- ;
Symphony Sale Good.
The sale of season tickets for the series
of symphony concerts, to be given under
the direction of Henry Holmes at the
Grand Opera House Is progressing at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. The demand Is
Immense and when the sale Is concluded
next Thursday all the choice locations will
be gone.
Dr. Parked* Couch Cure. One doae will «top
a couch. Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
CHARGED WITH KIDNAPING.
Mrs. Julia McDonald Arrested on
Complaint of Her Sister-in-Law.
•Mrs. Julia McDonald, alias Stella Brook
field, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a warrant from Judge Graham's court
charging her with kidnaping. The com
plaining witness is her sister-in-law,
Katie McDonald, who lives at 222 Fifth
street. : ¦
Katie alleges that she came from Port
land in tho latter part of 1896 with her
two-year-old boy and In October of that
year her sister-in-law took the boy, eay
ing that she knew a doctor who would
adopt the child and later refused to say
who had the custody of it. Then she left
tho State and only returned a few days
ago and took a room at 22 Fifth street,
where she was found by Officer McMur-
If you don't save enough ga*
in using tb'a
Welsbach -
in your homes to H jpjk
run a gas range, llk&|£|2 £M
burnerslikethis —
Tho Genuine Gives Trade
ALL DEALERS
Beware of Onmtrrfgit Mantlet and eheoa
imitation t>> ajs pant.
VETERANS CONVENE.
Civil War Fighters Listen to Oratory
and Transact Business.
. The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion held a meeting last evening at 123
Eddy street, Martin Murray presiding. C.
T. Cordes was the speaker of the evening
and addressed the meeting at some
length.
After Mr. Cordes had finished speaking
the following resolution was adopted:
Whereas, the Veterans of the Civil War As
sociation have been organized for the mutual
protection of its members and to report any
discrimination against the same: and, whereas,
several cases have been reported to tbls or
ganization; therefore, be it
Resolved, That ' thia organization employ a
especial examiner, whose duty will be to visit
the various Federal offices for the purpose of
ascertaining: all cases of discrimination or vio
lation of the civil service against veterans, the
same to be verified under oath.
Died at the Banquet Table.
The sad news reached here last Wednes
day of the death of Samuel 11. Walker, a
well-known citizen of this city, in Chi
huahua, Mexico, on the 2d of this month.
Mr. Walker, who Is a Mason, was one of
the guests at a Masonic banquet given at
the residence of Carlos C. Harris in Chi
huahua, and was carried away by a sud
den attack of heart failure. Medical as
sistance was Fummoned. but It was of no
avail. Mr. Walker leaves several children,
all of whom reside in this city.
Attractive Souvenir.
The brilliant Christmas card Issued free
of charge by the California Northwestern
Railway has proved to be so much in
demand that a fresh supply has been
printed. The scene is typical of that
along the line of the company's railway
and a well equipped Santa Claus in the
foreground makes it a desirable card for
the little ones. It is now ready for free
distribution at all the company's offices.
He Conquered One
-QSRPNTMO.
.".TV Fain Before Another.
Who can say that there was not a fa-
tality for poor Lawton in the name Ge-
ronimo? The flrst Geronlmo he attacked
and conquered, but came out of the con-
test- only a shadow of his former self.
Famous aealn In another land, he at-
tacked another Geronimo— to dia a glo-
rious hero. The Sunday Call will print
thestory told for! the first'time by his
chief of scouts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Saturdays Monday
EASTERN Best So jar-cured HAMS.... 12c
BEST TABLE FRUITS, 3 2Mb. cans.. 50c
GRANULATED Best C:ne SUGAR, 21 lbs $1
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square ...45c
EXTRA Point Reyes BUTTER, square. -40c
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen.... 30c
BEST Solid Packed TOMATOES, 4 cans 25c
KONA COFFEE, 35 lbs 50c
EXTRA CHOICE Spider-Leg TEA 40c
IRISH AND SCOTCH WHISKEY $1.00
RYE AND BOURBON WHISKEY, ga1. 52.50
BEST CLARET, lintags 1892, gal... 35c
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp 7th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
Deacon a new trial, though I doubt not
we could get a new trial by appealing to
the Superior Court on the ground of in
sufficiency of evidence. Deacon could have
been granted a new trial and nothing
would have been said except by the police
who made out a bad technical case and
feel disgruntled accordingly."
The pulse of public opinion, as felt on
the street shows things in a slightly dif
ferent light as regards the Deacon affair.
Judge Smith himself points to his action
in this case with pride, but fails to men
tion that the $100 fine Imposed was the
minimum under the statute. Nor is the
statement of Attorney Pulcifer that Dea
can could have been granted a new trial
without causing other than police objec
tion accepted without question— lt being
maintained that the granting of a new
trial in view of the evidence, introduced
would have caused a storm of protest and
criticism. Judge Smith also contradicts
Pulcifer by declaring that Rosenberg ate
at another table, the partition being re
moved between two rooms.
To say that the article In The Call
created a sensation in the city of Oakland
would be to put it very mildly. Nothing
else of any consequence was talked of
in the street, the opinion expressed being
generally unfavorable to the little party
whose gastronomic qualities were so
markedly developed Just before the time
for the herald of a new day to mount the
rear fence and sound his clarion note.
The feeling is not strongly censorious, but
rather of a deprecatory nature, a feeling
that Judge Smith's act was improper and
tended to lower the dignity of the er
mine.
Joe Rosenberg simply keeps still and
"saws wood." All efforts to get his ver
sion of the affair resulted in failure.
It Is likely that developments may arise
In a short time which will give the affair
a new aspect and everybody is on the
alert to gee what phase the case will next
assume.
POLICE JUDGE MORTIMER
SMITH of Oakland evidently
looks upon the publication of his
act In supping with two "crap"
players as a huge Joke. Not tak
ing Into consideration his Honor's choice
of associates, the impropriety of pander-
Ing to the whims of the gustatory nerve
in the company of men upon whose al
leged crimes he was arterward supposed
to tit In judgment hardly stems to have
struck him with the force of the prover
bial ton of brick.
True, as soon as he had read the article
In The Call In reference to his midnight
meal with Joe Rosenberg, the proprietor
of the house in which the gambling oc
curred, and S. J. Richardson, banker of
the came so dear to heart of the street
comin, Judge Smith developed an aggra
vated cape of Weyl*r fever and pummeled
an explanation out of his typewriting
machine, rinding a market for his output
n the local evening papers. Having fin
ished the work of pulling himself on rec
ord in nn-<le-siecle style, Gls Honor looked
upon the finished product and decided that
It was eood. Then he was ready l"-jr a
"JoFh." .
"What bothers me most, he said, was
The Call putting a bunch of poppies be
side my picture. I am undecided whether
they were meant to convey something un
favorable to me or were Inserted as a sort
af vague explanation that the whole arti
cle was a "pipe dream.'
This assertion, taken In conjunction
with the Judge's remarks about a "steer"
In taking him to the restaurant, and his
versatility In commenting on the "crap"
fame, rhows that as a josher he Is un
3oubtedly a heavy-weight. "If Deacon
Had tone on the stand and testified that i
there were no 'bones' thrown," he de- !
ilared, "I would have caused his arrest
for perjury."
Harry I J ulcifer, the attorney in the case.
Is inclined to look upon the situation as
nerious. He was so exceedingly cautious
about being quoted that as he gave forth
each sentence for publication he Jotted It
iown in shorthand upon a sheet of paper
placed before him, though freely admit
ting that all had dined at the same table.
•'The Judge and I are good friends," he
said, "and 1 have been out to supper with
Mm mar.y times before. The night of the
arrest, December 17, Joe Rosenberg and
Max Koenig, one of the bondsmen, went
out with me to gee him. Cash bail had
oeen given for all of the men arrested but
two, and our idea was to get Judge Smith
io approve the bonds of these two.
"We all went to the courthouse, where
the bor.ds were approved and filed. The
other two then departed and the Judge
went with me to the restaurant at my
suggestion. We did not expect to see
?ither Rosenberg or Sig Richardson there
and the case had been dismissed from ray
mind. It seems that the same idea oc
curred to the other two and we found
them at the restaurant when we got
there.
'The subject cf the arrests did come up
«t the restaurant, I believe, but the Judge
raid nothing of a compromising nature.
It is natural for a defendant's lawyer to
make out as strong a case for his client
tr. possible, and I suppose I did so to the
Judge. For this reason it was proper for
aim to say that If I represented things
:<irrect!y no case rested and the men
prould escape conviction. It was a mere
innocent remark on his part, and his fair
ness is Fhown by his conviction of Dea
ton, whom he flneU $100. lie also refused
De Pachmann This Afternoon.
Vladimir de Pachmann, the great
Chopin Interpreter, will play for the last
time In San Francisco at the Sherman and
Clay Hall this afternoon at 3:15. He will
give the most varied and best programme
that he has yet presented In the city.
SHIELDS CASE IS WITH
HIS BROTHER OFFICERS
CLOSING OF THE TRIAL BY
COURT -MARTIAL.
Lieutenant Eltinge, Counsel for the
Accused, and Major Groesbeck,
Judge Advocate, Sum
Up the Evidence.
The case against Chaplain Shields was
closed yesterday afternoon and It is now
in the hands of the officers composing the
court-martial. The session of yesterday
was taken up with the arguments of coun
sel for and against the accused, and when
the case was finished It looked a little
brighter for the preacher.
Lieutenant Eltlnge summed up the case
for the accused briefly but very much to
the point. He commented upon the fact
that but one of the witnesses for the pros
ecution had testified that he believed the
chaplain was drunk, and even he after
ward qualified bis statement. He called
to the minds of the officers of the court
that the other witnesses had all testified
that Shields was evidently suffering from
some ailment, but that none of them was
willing to say positively that he had been
drinking.
Regarding the charge of absence with
out leave. Lieutenant Eltinge called atten
tion to the fact that it amounted to that
only because Captain Bartlett, command
ant of the post at Alcatraz, could not give
verbal leave for more than twenty-tour
hours at a time, and that the accused,
having been taken sick during his leave,
was unable to return within the time al
lowed. He spoke of the present condition
of the chaplain and of the illness of his
family and he asked that in any event the
court deal leniently with him.
Major Groesbeck, judge advocate, then
summed up the case for the prosecution.
He declared that he believed every word
of the charges and specifications had been
fully proved, and he asked that the court
do justice accordingly. He said the fact
that tho accused was a minister but em
phasized the magnitude of his guilt, and
that he was ill and perhaps near the
grave the judge advocate thought was no
reason for a plea for mercy. There are
thousands, he said, who are In the same
condition, and they do not give way to
their vices; and it was doubly necessary
that a man whose duty it was to repre
sent the Master should himself show a
little of the example of self restraint
which he was supposed to teach. Major
Groesbeck also called attention to the fact
that the weakness of the chaplain had
shown itself before he entered the army,
and that when he accepted his commis
sion he did so with the knowledge of his
own infirmities.
This closed the case and the court room
was cleared to allow the members of the
court to deliberate. They will render a
decision in the case and this will be sent
on to Washington, from where It will
come out in orders, unless the finding be
one of acquittal. In that case it will
come out in orders from this department.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William W.
Calhoun has been assigned to duty on
board the transport Tartar. First Lieu
tenant Purnell, assistant surgeon of the
Forty-eighth Volunteers, and the men
who were under, his charge. in the small
pox camp at Angel Island, will proceed to
Manila- upon *the Tartar. The transport
service has become somewhat' tied up. by
the presence of the plague at Honolulu.
The Tartar is ready. to sail any day. but
she. the Aztec and the Centennial are
awaiting orders from Washington. . The
Tartar is lying at Folsom pier 1 and is
fully laden. The Aztec is at Folsom 2,
ready to sail with only time enough to
take on her load of horses, and the Aztec
is in a similar position.- They will proba
bly get their order to-day.
At. the meeting of the San - Francisco
Red Cross Society, yesterday W. 8., Har
rington, the treasurer,, reported $3691 20 on
hand. Mrs. Flint of the relief committee
reported ninety-seven cases . Investigated
and dealt with and work found for thirty
four. Five men too ill to be self-support-
Ing were sent to their homes. the-Citlzens'
Executive Committee paying for two of
these. The expenses of the relief com
mittee, lodging and meals being the larg
est expense, were $333 05.
Mrs. Elder, hospital visitor, reported
having furnished at the request of the so
ciety an artificial leg for one: soldier, an
arm for another and an eye for a third.
Seventeen men were reported by the.
transportation committee as having boen
assisted to their homes. They were fur
nished with tickets, 'sleepers and main
tenance at a cost- of $621 35. One hundred
and forty-one men were given -the-benefit
of the reduced Red Cross railroad rate.
Civilian clothing for men Is, greatly
needed, as many employers will not take
a man In uniform. Donations of. such may
be sent to the Associated Charities, 601
Commercial street. •
ray of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children.
Julia says she does not know the name
of the person to whom she gave the
youngster. The woman who was the go
between Is now dead. Mrs. McDonald al
leges that her sister-in-law was not a fit
person to have the custody of the child
anyhow.
Transport Sheridan Leaving and Schooner Sadie Making Port.
May Have to Resign Before He Can
Become Chief of Police.
WILL USE THE CHARTER
TO DEFEAT FRED ESOLA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1900.
DUST OF A RESTAURANT
CLINGS TO HIS ERMINE
Citizens of Oakland Deprecate
Police Judge Smith's Act
Clashing Statements of Principals in the
"Crap Game" Scandal May Lead to
a Sensational Climax.
14