I iald I never had met him. Esola was
ent for and we were introduced. I was
favorably impressed by him. I told Law
rence that I would be glad to vote for his
friend If his qualifications were as repre
sented, but I added, "Mr. Lawrence, the
man I vote for for Chief must be a man
that I can back with my honor."
That afternoon for the first time I called
on Mayor Phelan. I did not then, nor
ever before, ask him for the position of
Police Commissioner. He already knew
that Mr. Lawrence had selected me. I
told the Mayor that I much preferred the
Commission of Public Works, but that I
would accept the Police Commission as
tendered.
Mr. Phelan then said he was very glad
to have me on the board. He spoke fur
ther about the importance of the duties
of the office, and I replied that I under
stood that and that I would perform those
duties, fearlessly, conscientiously and ag
gressively if ¦ necessary, and that if my
father came from his grave he could not
influence me to depart from the path of
duty.
I used these very words. Mr. Phelan
apparently did not believe then that I
meant , what I said. He probably does
now. , He then gave me the card of a
gentleman whom he desired to have ap
pointed to a position under the board and
asked me to bring the matter to the no
tice of the other Commissioners, saying
he proposed to make me his personal rep
resentative In such matters.
Mr. Phelan repeatedly tried to Influence
me to vote for Esola after the Investiga
tion was concluded, but I steadily refused
on the ground that Esola was unfit and
Incompetent, and on the further ground
that Esola had committed deliberate per
jury 1 in his testimony before the commis
sion when *he stated that he could not
remember being present at the meeting
when the Commissioners called at the
Mayor's office Sunday, January 7, 1900,
and ' there met Mr. Lawrence, tho Mayor
and Esola.
When I referred to Esola's perjury as a
matter known to the Mayor and all of the
commission., personally, Mayor Phelan
made excuses for him and said Esola so
testified. In order "to shield the commis
sion." j This was in Mayor Phelan's office
on Monday afternoon, January 22. 1900, the
Esola Investigation having been completed
the previous Saturday night.- .-".' ;
I repeat It, Mayor Phelan himself per
sonally excused Esola's perjury to me. and
again and again urged me to vote for
Esola. I always rofused.
This Is the true and only cause of . my
removal, j Conscious of my own upright
ness of purpose, I leave Jt to the people
of San Francisco to say whether that ro
moval is a disgrace to me or to Mayor
Phelan. I repeatedly stated In the publ'c
prints . that I would cheerfully vote for
Colonel: William P. Sullivan or any other
good man whom the Mayor might recom
mend for Chief of Police. I only refused
to vote for Esola.
And It ¦ was •my refusal so to vote and
my refusal to allow my position on the
Esola trial to be misrepresented by the
Examiner that led to the expose and over
throw of . this monstrous conspiracy to
turn the Police Department of San Fran
cisco over to bad, incompetent and un
worthy hands.
—sola is defeated and the men behind
him are defeated. I am content.' I have
done my duty. I shall not seek by an ap
peal to the courts to be restored to a po- 1 '
sitlon which has no attractions for me.
I could not afford to abandon my post and
allow 'the conspirators to triumph by the
appointment of a servile tool In my place.
Now. that the conspiracy is defeated I am
content to return to the private station.
The rectitude of my intentions and my
conduct I leave *to the determination of
my - fellow-citizens. No Judgment of a
court- is • necessary to prove that Mayor
Phelan bargained away the Police De
partment, to . the managing editor of the
Examiner and that the combination made
a -mistake in choosing* me as an instru
ment to do . their nefarious work, or to
prove , that I was , removed from office Il
legally,, unjustly and ."arbitrarily upon
charges based upon falsehood and without
a: trial. - ; W: J. BIGGY.
£:±piins afternoon between "5 and 6
o'clock I received a brief note
I from the Mayor notifying me that
)^ I had been removed from the office
of Police Commissioner "for the
causes specified in a communication of
this date to the Board of Supervisors."
No copy of the communication was fur
nished me. The ofllce of the board was
then closed and I could not see the com
munication. I learned of the alleged
cause at a late hour to-night, through
other sources. I deem It due to the pub
lic as well as to myself to reply to the
charges without delay and as fully as "the
lateness of the hour permits.
The charges are a mere pretext. The
real reason for my removal is that I
defeated and overthrew the conspiracy
between Mayor James D. Phelan and An
drew M. Lawrence, the managing editor
of the Examiner, to make Frederick L.
Esola Chief of Police of San Francisco.
It was to revenge himself upon me for
exposing his infamous bargain, which, If
carried out, would, have put a bad and
incompetent man fn ofllce for purposes
which the other newspapers have al
ready made plain.
The first charge is that I made It impos
sible for the board to hold executive ses
sions. This Is absolutely false. The board
has held two executive sessions since the
meeting of January 26, IPOO, referred to by
the Mayor, at which all the Commission
ers were present. I never revealed any
of the transactions of any of the execu
tive sessions, except the single matter of
my stand on the Esola trial, and that this
was Justified I think was amply demon
strated in my communications published
in The Call and Chronicle January 27,
1900. I will not go over that discussion
again now. I could not allow the commis
sion to tie my hands and tongue and mis
represent my position.
Messrs. Thomas and MoNutt wanted to
keep the fact dark that they were pledged
to Esola and meant to stand by the
pledge. I had been represented by the
Examiner as having- found Esola as not
guilty on all the charges and as having
found him to be competent and fit to fill
the position of Chief. This was not true,
and I had to set myself right. After that
expose in the papers of January 27 the
commission met Monday, January 29, and
not a word of criticism nor comment was
made by the board or any member upon
my conduct in that matter.
Subsequently, at the meeting of January
SO, Mr. Thomas introduced " his resolution
to remove me from the position of ictlng
Chief, and when Mr. -Newhall refused. to
support it Mr. Thomas then for the first
time made complaint about my published
statement of the real situation of . the
Esola affair. H<» then had already re
signed, though his resignation had not
been, accepted. He further stated that
that resolution to remove me from tho po
sition of acting Chief was urged upon him
by Mayor Phelan personally, as a meas
ure to pave the way for my removal from
the commission. •.;>•
It is not true that the commission n-'
fused to sit In executive session with me.
It is not true that the other three Com
missioners Informed me that, when execu
tive sessions were they would sit
by themselves without me.
It Is true that I revealed In the public
press and over my signature on January
27, 1900, certain of the proceedings of the
board relative to the Esola affair. It is
true that I asked permission of the board
so to do, which was denied. But I leave
It to the public to decide whether as an
honest man and a man of honor any other
course on the faits as they were was
open to me. •
The Examiner had totally misrepresent
ed the nature of the verdict of the com
mission on Esola. Two of the commission
wanted to keep their position secret,' but
I refused to allow myself to be bound
hand and foot and misrepresented with
out a protest.
The Mayor says that he was Informed
by- the three other Commissioners that
my published statement was untrue. He
does not point out in what particular it
was untrue. I doubt whether ¦ his state
ment is truft that he was so Informed. • I
Know that my, statement was absolutely
tlon. Biggy announced that he was ready
to vote for Colonel Sullivan. So much for
that "reason" submitted by the Mayor.
It means that his Honor, enraged at the
failure of a shameful conspiracy, had de»
termined to punish the man who had de
feated his plans.
But Pbelan has not yet exhausted his
resources of artifice and misrepresenta
tion. He declares that Biggy had madg
it Impossible for the Police Commission to
hold executive sessions; that the other
Commissioners had complained to tha
Mayor because of Blggy's alleged viola
tion of secret session promises and re
fused to sit with him any longer; that to
correct these abuses and to prevent the
commission from being reduced to three
members Biggy had to be removed. These
"reasons" have no more and no less a
value than the others already given.
Biggy insisted once upon defending him
self from a gross misrepresentation of his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SOME statements fn Mayor Phelan's notification to the Board of
Supervisors that he had ousted Police Commissioner Biggy axe so at
variance with . the facts that they cannot be passed without contra
diction. As some of them concern the actions of Police Commissioner
Newhall they were called to that gentleman's attention last night by The
Call. He was asked:
Q. — Did you complain to Mr. Phelan, as he stated In his noti
fication to the Supervisors of the ousting of Mr. Biggy, about Mr.
Biggy giving out the secrets of the executive session?
A. — I made no complaint whatever.
Q. — Did you tell the Mayor, as he has stated, that you had
informed Mr. Biggy that you would not sit with him any more- in
executive session?
A.— My answer to that question is that I have always sat
in open and executivo session with every member of the commis
sion. I did not inform Mr. Biggy that I would not sit with him.
Q.— Did you tell the Mayor that the statement issued by
Mr. Biggy regarding the compromise report on Lieutenant Esola
was not only, unauthorized but untrue?
- v A.— l did not say so in so many words. I told him that
we all agreed to sign the report.
may deem beneficial to public Interest."
This authority applied to the Police
Commissioners as Mayor Phelan under
stands their duties may be very clearly
stated. His Honor had entered Into a
criminal ante-election compact to -deliver
the Police Department of this city to the
manager of a local newspaper In ex
change for the support of that news
paper. One of the terms of this com
pact was that Frederick Lawrence Esola,
alias Harrington," "a notorious
tent, was to be elected Chief of Police
and that Jules J. Callundan. alias Worth
ington. a blackleg, was to be elected
chief of detectives.
' The Mayor considered these elections as
"beneficial to public interest," and not
only recommended them but demanded
them. Biggy rebelled. He declared that
he was willing to vote for any man of the
Mayor's choosing on .condition that the
candidate was a decent man. That is the
explanation of the Mayor's first reason
for removing William J. Biggy.
But his Honor is not at a loss for rea
sons. He says that he found It necessary
to remove Biggy lri order to restore the
efficiency of the Police Department, which
had been seriously disturbed by Internal
dissensions in the Board of Police Com
missioners. The Mayor rightly considers
that Biggy was an obstacle;- but so wad
George A. : Newhall, who stood manfully
in opposition to the Mayor's indecent pro
posal. The public Is very familiar with
the character of those dissensions. New
hall and Biggy positively refused to lift
the Mayor's bemired favorite Into the
chair of the Chief of Police. William
Thomas resigned rather than tar himself
with the Mayor's brush, and to escape
from ' the odious pledge which he had
given to obey his Honor.
The Phelan pill had not only been bitter,
but it was poisonous, and the stomach of
Mr. Thomas rebelled. The only chattel
of the Mayor on the board was Dr. Mc-
Nutt.
That was the dissension which the Mayor
says he cleared away by removing Biggy.
His Honor's friends should advise him
that the first le3son in false logic la not
the statement of a He. It avails him
nothing to assert something which the
people of this city know to be untrue. It
was he and not Biggy who was the
breeder of dissension In the Police Com
mission. It was the Mayor who made
dissension and divided the commission
against Itself by demanding a dishonor
able act. His Honor should take his les
sons in private morality and public honor
froir other sources than the Eaolas of the
city.
He knows as well as every reader of a
newspaper knows that when his scheme,
dishonorable as it was, had failed that
Biggy and Newhall stood ready to vote
for Colonel Sullivan as Chief bf Police or
for any other reputable man if the Mayor
had another on his list. The dissension
In the Police Commission had ended when
the Mayor withdrew his discredited creat
ure from the race for the coveted prize.
On several occasions in" public and pri
vate, In the newspapers and In conversa-
COMMISSIONER NEWHALL
CONTRADICTS MR. PHELAN
SULLIVAN SAYS
HE IS UNPLEDGED
New Chief Has Not Fixed
on a Captain of
Detectives.
Colonel W. P. Sullivan Jr. was at tho
Mayor's office when his nomination as
Chief was made. As soon as he had been
elected he was overrun with callers and
congratulations. In answer to questions
as to his plans, he said:
"I enter upon my duties as Chief of Po
lice absolutely unpledged to any person.
I have not as yet decided whom I shall
appoint Captain of Detectives. So far .13
I am concerned there is no foundation for
the rumor that Lieutenant Esola will be
appointed to that important position. I
have not outlined a course which I will
pursue. I will be guided largely by tho
conditions as I find them from personal
observation. Before anything of import
ance is done I shall have a thorough un
derstanding with the Commissioners. In
other words I feel that the commission
is responsible to the Mayor and the citi
zens of this city for the proper adminis
tration of the affairs of the department
and that I am only the executive odcer
of that commission- And before any
steps of a radical nature are taken they
will be fully and freely discussed between
myself and the Commissioners and, hav
ing arrived at a conclusion, work decided
upon will b« prosecuted vigorously and
effectively.
"I have had slxte««n years' experienca
In the National Guard and th« military
knowledge thus obtained will stand me la
good stead in bringing the department up
to that degree of efficiency that I think
the Commissioners desire and that I know
the people of the city would like to se<v
I take charge In the morning."
Continued on Second Page.
COLOKEL WILLIAM P. SDLLIYAN JR., HEW CHIEF CF POLICE.
COLONEL W. P. SULLIVAN JR.. the new Chief of Police, Is a San Fran
ciscan and has lived In this city all his life. In his early career he was
employed as a bookkeeper In several commercial houses In this city, and
his first entry into public life was several years J ago, when his comrade*
elected him an officer in the National Guard. He was promoted several times,
and was ultimately elected to be colonel of the First Regiment, N. G. C. In this
position he was very popular and wa« Judged to be a good disciplinarian and a
capable officer.
Colonel Sullivan was the organizer of the League of the Cross Cadets, and it
•was due largely to his energy and perseverance that the leag-ue was brought to
Its high state of perfection. He is at present its commanding officer.
When Mr. Phelan was first elected to office he chose Colonel Sullivan for his
secretary, and he has held that position ever since.
MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN
removed William J. Biggy
yesterday afternoon as Com
missioner of Police and ap
pointed D. I. Mahoney to
fill the vacancy. The resignation of Wil
liam Thomas as Commissioner was ac
cepted and William T. Wallace was ap
pointed In his stead. The reorganized Po
lice Commission met last night and elect
ed Colonel William -P. Sullivan Jr. Chief
of Police. These decisions of removal,
resignation, reorganization and appoint
ment mean much to the people of San
Francisco. These incidents tell the story
of a political crime and of a victory won
for decency against the terrific odds of a
corrupt and criminal officialism.
Mayor Phelan Justified, In the
part ho played. the worst fears
of the people of this city. The
Call. In obeying Its obligations to a
decent community, baa exposed Mayor
Phelan as a rascal, a characterization
which Is a libel upon a respectable private
citizen or upon an honorable public offi
cer. The Call Is now compelled In duty
to stamp Mayor Phelan as a revengeful
rascal. He has been caught in a brazen
attempt to steal away from the people of
San Francisco the protection which the
laws guarantee to them. He has acted as
the middleman between gamblers, thieves,
malefactors and social outcasts and the
blackmailers who would feed upon the
excrement of municipal life.
' He has placed himself upon a plane of
fellowship with the criminal and preying
classes of the city. He has been guilty
of an offense which the laws make a fel
ony. In binding himself by ante-election
pledges and seeking to force honorable
men to 6hare the shame of his prostitu
tion. He has tried to deliver into unclean
hands an instrument which can be made
an engine of the greatest crime. To pan
der to his lust of ambition he has sought
to place the young men of the city at the
mercy of scheming blacklegs and the
young women within the claws of social
vultures. He has winked at the evils of
cosmopolitan life and then with a sneer
he has taken refuge behind the screen of
that authority which the people of this
city. Ignorant of his criminal selfishness,
have placed in his hands.
But if he has lost the power to blurh In
the shame of public scorn he feels still the
Btlr.g of rage that prompts to re\'en?re.
Baffled In his unworthy desire to barter
the Police Department away In exchange
for newspaper patronage, he has abused
his power to punish, the man who pie
vented the consummation of bis crime.
He has removed from office tno man v.ho
stood between him and his designs to de
bauch the Department of Police. He h-is
thrust himself again Into the pillory of
public disgust by admitting his guilt, de
fying public opinion, sneering at oubllc
morals and removing from office the man
who said that even the Mayor of this
city cannot throw open the town to crim
inals, make prey of decent men and hon
est women and bring the city to humilia
tion and dishonor.
This man who rises Immeasurably In
public estimation by his retirement under
the command of the Mayor is William J.
Biggy. It was he who prevented the per
petration of the Mayor's outrage. It was
Biggy who stopped the election of a mar.
notoriously incompetent for the position
of Chief of Police. It was Biggy who de
clared that Mayor Phelan could not make
the people of San Francisco pay the
awful price he demanded for his own
prostitution. And it was Biggy, laundry
man as he Is, who refused to wash the
Mayor's dirty linen.
Mayor Phelan had been disobeyed and
he exacted tho penalty, even though that
exaction leaves him stranded on the beach
of public contempt. He had no motive
but revenge for his action. He had no
purpose to gain but to satisfy the demand
of those who had been cheated of their
prey and Insisted upon revenge. He had
not even the unpafe foundation of an ex
cuse for his outrage and was forced to
manufacture one with deliberate equivo
cation and falsehood. And as he sinks in
the estimation of the people he has de
ceived and betrayed Biggy rises for a
manly struggle in behalf of the public and'
for an act that is pre-eminently the great
est in his public life and which merits the
best of good will and the gratitude of the
people of San Francisco. It is because
of the struggle of Biggy that we are not
cursed with an' Esola and It is as an ex-
Commissioner of Police that Biggy has
won his triumph. He has received tho
splendid tribute of bring an uncomprom
ising opponent to Phelanlsm in San Fran
cisco politics and morals.
In removing Biggy Mayor Phelan per
mitted his rage to overrule his Judgment
He gained nothing and lost much, and
what he Is pleased to call his reasons for
the removal prove the fact. The
Mayor's first reason for removing
Biggy Is because the ex-Police
Commissioner refused to do what
the Mayor commanded him to do.
"The Mayor shall from time to time,"
says Phelan. quoting the charter, "rec
ommend to the proper officers of the dif
ferent departments such measures as he
Ousted Commissioner Reveals the Workings of the
Plot to Elect Esola Chief of Police.
true, and I ask Mr 7 Nowhall, 'wh"o, "-with
me, was opposed to Esola, to point out a
single mlsstatement of fact in my state
ment.
It is not true that I violated any pledge
of secrecy as to the meeting of January
26, or any pledge given to Mayor Phelan
on that occasion. . He does not state what
the pledge was. How can I • deny such
indefinite charges? All I can say Is that
what he asked me to keep secret I. did
keep secret. If it leaked out that he was
getting tired of Esola and suggested the
feasibility of substituting Colonel W. P.
Sullivan as his candidate it was not I who
gave the Information to the papers. It
was town talk a half hour after the com
mission adjourned and it was not I who
made it public. The Mayor has never
called me to task for this and has never
in any way made these charges against
me, either alone or before others, in any
way, so that I might defend myself.
The Mayor says that while acting as
Chief of Police, without authority and
without instructions from the commis
sion I began a series of unauthorized
acts on my own Initiative and that this
conduct on my part culminated in a de
cision of the other three members of the
commission to rescind the resolution ap
pointing me as acting Chief. This Is sim
ply a deliberate falsehood. No such de
cision has ever been made. I appeal to
the records of the board. It is true that
Mayor Phelan asked Mr. Thomas to In
troduce such a resolution and it is true
that Esola's two friends, Messrs. Thomas
and McNutt, were willing to vote for It.
but as Mr. Newhall refused to do oo It
failed of the necessary three votes.-
There never was, either by then board
or by any" member, ' in session or else
where, the slightest criticism' on any *of
my acts as Chief. , What I did was;what
the Chief is authorized to" do. .Acting- as
Chief I perrormed the duties of Chief to tho
best of my ability. It is true that I closed
up the notorious Hotel Nymphla.and the
gambling dens of Chinatown. Does Mayor
Phelan complain of that work? The com
mission never did.
The Mayor says that the day before the
Police Commission was appointed I made
personal application and appealed to him
for the place, to 'which he yielded. Ap
parently the Mayor regards this as a
cause for. my removal. Like the main
parts of the rest of ; his statement it is
absolutely false.
I 'did n<st ask Mayor Phelan for the posi
tion and he did, not give It to me In real
ity. It was given to me. by Andrew M.
Lawrence, managing editor of the Exam
iner. The, truth is, and the public ought
to know It, that ft was Lawrence and not
Phelan who selected ail four of the Com
missioners. Mr. Phelan totally abdicated
his functions In that respect in favor of
Mr. Lawrence. The facts of my appoint
rrient'are as follows:
Friday night, January 5, 1900,, Mr. Irvine,
a' reporter of the Examiner, met tno as I
was leaving the' Columbia Theater and
,told me that he s had been hunting all
'¦¦ over for me, that Mr. Lawrence wanted
to see me. at , the Examiner office. I
called on him forthwith and found him
in his office in the Examiner building. He
said he had ; been. In • company with the
Mayor during the evening consulting
about the Police Commission; that the
Mayor had given him the four positions
to fill -with his own _ friends; that his
principal object was to haye 1 Frederick
L. Esola chosen Chief of Police; that
Mayor, Phelan knew this and was agree
able to the selection; and. he asked me
then and there to take one of thecom
mlsslonershlps.
I refused at first, saying that I pre
ferred a place on the BosJrd ¦, of ' Public
Works, "as; l thought I was better fitted
for that position and the work was more
congenial. He then suggested that a va
cancy was likely to occur soon on the
Board ; of ? Public Works and that then I
could be switched ; over from the Police
Commission. 'I "partly ' consented and at
his request called next day. Then he in
formed me that ' my ' colleagues would.be
Newhall.' Thomas . and McNutt. ¦ He told
me he had selected them himself. I then
told him I would accept. He then spoke
of. Esola for Chief of Police and praised
¦ his Qualifications.
WILLIAM J. BIGGY LAYS BARE
THE PERFIDY OF THE MAYOR
HON. Ul/ILLIAM J. BIGGY,
But it is worth while to call particular attention to one man whose election would
materially aid good government, even if he did not have a single honest associate on the
board. We refer to ex-Senator Biggy. He is the sort of man who could make himself felt
whether he stood with eleven or alone. If he were in the minority he would meet every
corrupt scheme with an opposition so vigorous, persistent and disturbing that he would at
tract the attention of the whole community. — Examiner, October 4, 1896.
Gross Misrepresentations of the City's
Chief Executive, Made to Bolster His
False Accusations, Bitterly Resented by
Commissioner NewhalL
Biggy, Relieved From Obligations of Secrecy,
Exposes the Entire Shameful Plot to Deliver
the Police Department of San Francisco Into
the Hands of Scheming Blackmailers.
PHELAN SORE IN DEFEAT TAKES REVENGE ON BIGGY
VOLUME LXXXVTI— NO. 76.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
Complete Collapse of the Mayors Ante-
Election Conspiracy to Elect Frederick
L Esola, Alias Harrington, Chief of
Police.
.
Police Commission Reorganized, William J. Biggy
Removed, William T. Wallace and D. I. Ma
honey Appointed and Colonel William P.
Sullivan Jr. Named as the Successor of Lees.
THE DEI MEMBERS OF THE POLICE COMISSIOKother, and cow financial difficulties ire
threatened. A few days ago tho dredger
was started, but It wan found that the
apron for conveying mud from the dredsser
was . inadequate and some new arrange
ment In this respect must be provide- 1.
Another drawback Is the tlredger will only
work at low tide, and this will delay th»
work greatly. It is more than probab'*
that the contract will be abandoned. The
work should be finished by Juno 1.
the ordinances of the city and county are
observed and .enforced. ¦ He- shall have a
general supervision over all the departments
and Dubllc Institutions of the city and
county and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and shall
have the right to attend meetings of any
of the boards provided for In this charter
and offer suggestions at such meetings."
When the Mayor finds that the Commis
sioners do not perform their work or the
law under which they exist Is violated he
has the richt to counsel with them, or. if
necersary to remove any of thorn. "When
the Mayor shall remove an appointed of
ficer from office he shall immediately no
tify the Board of Supervisors of such re
moval and furnish it a statement of the
cause therefor, which statement shall be
entered In the record of its proceedings "
(Section 20, article XVI.)
Therefor»« I deem It my duty to Interfere
under the Dowers granted me by the char
ter to restore the efficiency of the Police
Department, which has been seriously af
fected by the Internal dissensions in the
Board of Police Commissioners. I find on
Investigation that Mr. Blggry has contrary
to the charter rendered It impossible for
the board- to hold executive sessions, au
thorised by section 4, chapter 4, article' vm
of that instrument, by revealing the proceed-
Mnrs of such sessions. In the matter of
police administration it in obvious that
when the commission so decides secrecy as
to Its proceedings should be preserved by
its own members. The charter, therefore
expressly authorizes executive sessions -to
be held by the Board of Police Commission
ers, a privilege for which there is no ex
press authority as to any other board. The
three Commissioners other than Mr Bleey
have complained to me of thla violation
" of the charter and have stated that It was
their Intention not to B lt with Mr Blrey
and that they had Informed him that
thereafter when executive sessions were
held they, the said three members, would
sit by themselves. The board, however has
no power to discipline one of Its awn mem
bers, except perhaps In this way which
under the circumstances. Is almost justl
flAble. But the charter says that the board
shall consist of four members and therefore
I cannot countenance Its reduction to three
members, which would result in the action
contemplated. It consequently devolves
upon me to correct such abuses. Further
more, at the meetimr held January 25 Mr
HUgy. apparently realizing his- pos'ltlon!
asked leave of his colleagues to reveal cer
tain of their proceedings, which was denied
He did not respect their decision after eubl
mittine himself to It and violated the ex
ecutive session I am. furthermore Inforrriea
by the three other Commissioners that th*.
statement that he did make on that occa
•lon was not only -Unauthorized, but un-
In my official capacity, as au
thorized by the charter, I attended
a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners held on January '26, . with
a view of promoting harmony, and
have personal knowledge of Mr.
Biggy's conduct.;. The board was
in executive session and there and
then I made a suggestion, since re
vealed, requesting that it be not.
made public for good and sufficient
reasons, but hearing that executive
sessions had been violated by Mr.
Biggy I personally pledged 1 him in
advance to respect my confidence
to which he solemnly agreed. He
forthwith violated his word, how
ever, and gave full publicity to
that meeting.
On the organization of the
board, at his own suggestion, he
was appointed as Acting: Chief of
Police. There is no such .position
.however, as Acting Chief of Police)
and the only object in making the
appointment was to have somebody
represent the Commissioners when
they, were not in session. Mr.
Biggy, ;• without authority and
without . instructions from the
Commission, began a series of un
authorized acts on his own initia
tive. This conduct on the part of
Mr. Biggy culminated in a deci
sion of the other three members of
the commission, in executive ses
sion, to rescind the resolution ap
pointing him Acting Chief; of Po
lice and to appoint the president
official conduct prir.te'd In the Examiner,
the Mayor's partner In the criminal com
pact to make Esola Chief of Police.' :' The
Police Commissioners had agreed upon a
enjnpromise verdict in reference to Esc!a,
In which that worthy was round guiltless
of the ppeeiflc charges made against him
on the absolute condition that he be with
drawn as a candidate for Chief of Police,.
This condition was accepted by Mayor
Phelan and the next morning the Exam
iner deliberately miPeor.Ftruod the verdict,
proclaimed the vindication of Esola and
with petitions frsm<-J in the Examiner
office and circulated by Examiner em
ployes threw the ambitious lieutenant
apain into the fight. Biggy felt that Ma
own honor was at stake.
He demands th«* rierht to state his case
and defend himself.. It was refused, and,
finding hlmsr-lf hoodwinked by tho schom
lr.s Mayor, he defended himself. When
the Mayer *ays that the other Commis
elonerß. complained to him of this conduct
he tells what he knows to be .false. The
Commissioners did not complain to him.
They found no fault with Biggy. and It is
they, not Mayor Phelan. who. tinder tho
Jaw. shall Judge any alleged \-lolation of
their own rules.
It might have been better, perhaps, if
his Honor had ended his reasons here,
for now he begins to deal with facts which
are thoroughly familiar to the public. He
declares that Biggy asked to be made
acting Chief of Police and at his own sug
sestlon was made such. The record shows
th*t the Mayor Is suffering from a pain
ful obliquity of mental vision. Biggy was
appointed acting Chief of Police at the
sueppstion and upon the motion of Com
missioner William Thomas, who remem
bered probably that the Mayor had asked
BipiEry as a special favor to act as his
personal reprefentative on the commis
sion.
Biirgry then, the Mayor continues, began
a series of acts without authority and
without instructions, which conduct cul
minated in the decision of the other three
members to rescind the resolution by
which Biggy had been chosen acting
Chief of Police. It is difficult to discuss
this assertion of Mayor Phrlan temper
ately. It cannot be possible that he in
tends deliberately to tell a falsehood in
reference to an incident which happened
fo recently and which Is still fresh In
th© public mind. Mayor Phelan must
know as well as the public knows that
Commissioner Newhall would not even
jrive the resolution to rescind the dignity
of a hearinc.
He angrily refused to have anything to
do with it and Piggy remained In his po
sition as Chief of Police. Can It be possi
ble that Mayor Phelan does not know that
Biggy was acting Chief of Police yester
day afternoon and that he could not have
been if his associates had removed him?
But Mayor Phelan will not end even
CHICAGO, Feb. 13.— The platform as agreed upon by the committee on
resolutions of the Anti-Trust Conference and as it will be submitted to the
conference for adoption to-morrow morning is preceded by a long address to
the voters of the country. This address urges the people to organize at
.once to deprive trusts of their power. It recites the methods pursued by the
trusts, and the effects of their operations upon the people at large, and cites
as particularly aggressive the Standard Oil trust, the beef trust, the ele
vator .trust, the anthracite coal trust,' the sugar trust, the steel trust and
the paper " trust. ' These great combinations of capital, the address declares,
bear .down all competition' and thus maintain their powers over the people
through discrimination In railway rates and terminal facilities. \
CHICAGO. 13.— After a Seated de
bate the --resolutions committee of :"the
Anti-Trust Conference decided to report
in favor of Government ownership of rail
roads and for their, seizure on payment of
actual value and -without payment for
"watered stock or other fictitious values."
There was a sharp discussion in the com
mittee and several tilts between members
brought on by an effort to make the plat
form read as It had been drawn up. that
the Government should seize the raijroads
on payment of actual values,; "and with
out payment for franchise values."
Unanimous action was finally obtained by
cutting. out the words '"franchise values"
and Inserting Instead the phrase "wa
tered Btock and other fictitious values."
The committee also unanimously fa
vored .direct popular legislation as a
means of obtaining the result.-. . %
The discussion In the committee-room
far. outranked the deliberations of the
main • body of the conference. Ipnatlu*
Donnelly. John P. Altgeld.' A. P. Mc-
Qulrk of lowa and' George Fred Williams
urged the. committee, to strike from tho
resolutions-proposed a statement that any
payment rfor railroads : should be exclu
slva^of .franchise I value. : ; , :
! ?Mahy j startling; statements . were
made before the committee, among
them, one by President M.. L. Lock
wood, in which' he said that before
the Government ownership was final
ly; secured it would be necessary to
impeach at least one Justice of the
Federal Supreme Court. - '".
. The committee also considered a propo
sition to. recommend to the. attention of
Congress Senator Pettigrew's bill for
Government ownership of railroads, but
it was voted down. ¦¦
A number of set speeches were heard in
the morning and afternoon sessions of
the conference. Among tho speakers
were General J. B. Weaver, W. C. Wett
more, Mrs. Helen M. Cougar, ex-Con
gressman Jerry Simpson. I. W. Sample.
John P. Altgeld, E. S. Monnett, Samuel
M. Jones, John Crosby, George Fred
Williams. Tom L. Johnson and President
Lockwood of the Anti-Trust League.
President Lockwood regretted that W.
J. v ßryan's name "was mentioned in the
discussion and declared it was his inten
tion to keep politics out of the conference.
It has been decided to limit all future ad
dresses in the conference to twenty min
utes in order to get through the pro
gramme. . '. • ¦ •
SCATHING
EXCORIATION
OF HEARST
Santa Barbara Citizens Re
ply to a Puerile
Telegram.
WANT THE ISTHMIAN,
CANAL CONSTRUCTED
Denounce the Attempt to Prevent
Ratification of the Hay-Paun
cefote Treaty;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 13.— An en
thusiastic mass meeting was held here
to-night, at which every speaker, regard
less of politics, censured W. R. Hearst In
severe language for sending to the Mayor
of this city a childish telegram. The fol
lowing resolution was adopted by those
present, who were among Santa Barbara's
most substantial business men:
The citizens of Santa Barbara. Cal., In mass
meeting held on February 13. 1900, and called
by the Mayor of said city in response to the
following telosram. to wit:
"NEW YORK. Feb. ; 9.— To Mayor C. A.
Storke. Santa Ilarbara, Cal.: Santa Barbara is
now beyond the reach of effective European at
tack. The Hay-Pauncefote treaty forbidding
us to Interfere .'with the passage of hostile
fleets throueh.tbe Nicaragua canal would lay
the pacific coast wide open to the navies of this
world. The' British navy, with 57 battleships
and 157 cruisers; the French navy with 46 bat
tlcshlps and 62 cruisers, and the German navy
which, when the new programme Is carried out,
will have 38 battleships, and 65 cruiser?, will, all
be brought within striking distance of Santa
Barbara. Cannot you urge the-California' Sen
ators to demand an amendment leaving .us free
to fortify the canal for the protection of- the,
Pacific coast and. call a public meeting to ex
press the feellnc of your citizens?
(Signed) "W. R. HEARST."
Do hereby resolve
That we view with surprise the audacity of
the author of said telecram and spurn his Im
putation that the citizens of Santa Barbara
are so Indifferent to the Interests of California
as to lend -themselves to him in an unwar
ranted and sensational attack upon the national
administration: and in his effort to prejudice
the people of the United States against the
speedy construction of the Nicaragua canal.
That we regret that an occasion should arise
In the history of our city when our cltlsens
should be required to rebuke such conduct
upon the part of any one.
That we hereby declare our confidence In the
integrity, patriotism and statenianshlp of Wil
liam . McKlnley and In the ability of himself
and his Cabinet and the Senate of the United
States to negotiate and ratify a treaty rela
tive to the Nicaragua canal that will protect
the interests of all sections of the country.
That we hereby, affirm our confidence tn the
wisdom and patrioti.«m of the Congressional
representatives from California In their ability
to safeguard the interests of their constitu
ents In all particulars arising from the con-
A RESOURCE OF
i ¦ . . .. ¦
STRENGTH AND ENERGY
44 He That is Angry
Is Seldom at Ease"
This is . true, also, of the person tvho
has rheumatism, tahich is a most annoy-
ing ¦and- vainful disease. Fortunately,
however, it may be completely cured by
Hood's Sarsaparilla. -This medicine hzs
given ease and comfort to thousands Koho
oncersuffered from-rheumatism. '
Rheumatism —" / had rheumatism
three or four years. Could not dress nor
undress. Hood's Sarsaparllla. did me
good and lam ncnu able to do all my
tvork." Fannie L, Derricoiie, Athens, Ga.
eßee Be sure to get Hood's and only Hood's
Sarsaparilla, because .-.¦'¦'¦•.
BOLLINGER WILL CASE
MAY BE COMPROMISED
New Contestant Has Been Substi
tuted and the Date for Hearing
Continued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 13.— The contest of the
will of Christian Bolllnger, inaugurated
by Mary A. L. Bolllnger, the widow,
which was set for hearing to-day, was
continued to be reset. The contestant
died several weeks ago, and George Why
bark, her son and executor of the estate,
has been substituted as contestant. It Is
probable the matter may be compromised
Bolllnger, who was a pioneer farm«'r of
this county, died at his home In Santa
Clara about two years ago. leaving an es
tate worth about $200,000, cutting his wi
dow (a second wife) off with the family
home, consisting of a block of land
•with a dwelling thereon, and bequeathing
"the residue of his estate to his sons and
daughters In equal shares, and naming
his son, George Y. Bolllnger, as sole ex
ecutor, without bonds.
The widow soon afterward filed an op
position to the will, alleging that" the -old
gentleman was of unsound mind and in
competent to 'make a will. by. reason of
extreme old age and sickness, causing
mental and physical disability. She also
charged that the alleged will was pro
cured by the. son. George Y. Bolllnger, by
means -of fraudulent representations and
undue Influence.
MAY ABANDON THE CONTRACT.
Contractor McCann Finds Trouble In
Deepening Alviso Channel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 13.— The hoodoo Is still
clinging to the Jordan dredger, with which
Contractor McCann expects to fulfill his
contract with the Government to deepen
and i widen Alviso Channel. Break %t ter
break in th© dredger have followed each
HOLLOW EYES
AND
SUNKEN CHEEKS
Tell of coming nervous
i-vjk prostration. Th*»« «ymp-
toms »erv« -to warn you
cJfftiuSJv?} that d * n S* r threatens.
"W- 4 HUDYAN
R»moT»« th*
S^ danirer. for
IfflV HUPTAN' cur*»
¦^S^£sfi*&s*@MML aII wea!t nerve
Se Sfilk, condition*.
EB fSfyEBEBbk 111 -'D v AX cr»-
£n&3sl a ates bri sht e>? s
CiXsßrJsJiSiißwt anJ ' rosy com-
feK^^Sjy*BP^^CJ^ digestion ' "m.
gg^HMW6r?Bßr ftVy P«ir»<i (2). your
H^r^l^X''^ trmjjua coated.
ra33Es**B*" ;i YM(Vi\ y , oup . memory
WKst^sOs*^ clouded. j- otlr
?JBS§sfi^S3 Are you weak. Irritable..
fip^aBc§3^W cross - despondent, gloomy."
Em£B "$>' s '-\1 nervous? Do you lack con-
fwhaJ «Tikl£?3 fldence In yourself? If io.
&£&>•£ J.fS-J irUDYAN Is what you
!fx~M pSjcJ need.
/H»y>l EeSSI Do you eufffr •with head-
lvf&£t 9 ache* (3). backache, pain*
llw^S Ir-3 ln J"in ts < 5 ). fluttertns of
// L*Jl &V 9 heart (1), a feeling of ex-
// E2&a tiS&S hau.«t!on. dizzy afina-
// W' : ~'m f^Sf tlona? Get HUDTAN at
// wmS PteS once> ancl take X acc °?di n ?
¦// EH &3?| to directions. .
// S&Sf £53 HL'DYAX cures on* and
H FT*4 EM ••' the above symptoms.
// li??fl Pfl because they denote nerve
V f^f HI weakness. HUDYAN Is
f UCI K3 a nerve remedy that la
(I Mml £-4 recognized by scientific
V^H M physicians. HUDYAN la'
/-sffi"^ *** an unfatllnsr specific for
•^^. - all such conditions as men-
tioned above. Be cured by HUDYAN-don't be-
come a nervous wreck.
crx HlinVlV frcm your drugjrtst. 500 a
Qtl nUiJI Ail package, or six packaets for
U SO. If your druggist dcesi not keep It Mad
direct to the UUDYAN REMEDY CO.. Cor.
Stockton, SJJ" and Market 3ta>. San Francisco,
Cal.
t roNSULT "t Consult Fi«*» lh»
I FREE.* I Hudy.n Doctors. Call
? «» or writ* to them.
Chinese scholars claim that Iron swords
were used In their country 4(W> ypars asro.
The friends of tho Old Government
"Whisky aro never drunkards. •
opened upon a compromise agreement.
Attorney J. J. Dunne, representing the
Nymphia corporation, appeared and de
clared that the company was willing to
conduct Its establishment under the su
pervision of the Police Department. New
hall replied that he had Inspected the
place and that he objected to the custom
of allowing any and every one to visit it.
particularly tourists, and also that no
would demand that the windows of the
numerous compartments be frosted. If
these and some other minor requirements
were complied with, he said, there was
little doubt that the company would be
permitted to resume business.
More than 2000 petitions for liquor li
censes were presented, and when It cams
to the reading of them the board took a
decided stand against the underground
pitfalls and dives known as "Baxbary
Coast dance halls," by rejecting all peti
tions from the owners of such places.
About half of the batch .was waded
through, when, upon the suggestion of
Commissioner Newhall. adjournment was
taken to 4:30 o'clock Thursday afternoon.
here. Hp ha's Ealfl that the other Com
missioners complained to him of Blspy's
conduct and refused to sit with the cx-
Commissioner and Commissioner Newhall
declares emphatically that he never made
a complaint .and never refused to sit with
Ei£gy- It is difficult to understand the
Mayor's position in the light of th* In
terview with Commissioner Xewhall on
this subject, which is presented else
where.
And in closing Mayor Phelan reaches
the climax of mendacity by declaring
that Biggy begged for the position from
which he has been removed. Mayor, Phe
lan need not think that brazenness is
protection, xhat . Impudence and sharae
lessnesa are-a'cloak .for unworthy con
duct. He knows that Biggy was an in
cident In .a. co/isplraqy that .was hatched
before election;- that he was. a political
lasl chance,; a£ter the city-had l been can
vassed from end to end, with. which to
consummate, a criminal plot: he was
expected to submit -to the -deal that was
to make Esola Chief of Police, ; and that
he was elected because the Mayor had no
choice. That BLggy.was not dishonorable
Is the reason, and the only reason, of his
removal now. -The Mayor wanted re
venge and has obtained It. v; :i
But what has It cost him In. the good
opinion of those who helped to place him i
where he is? What do independent Re- 1
publicans think now of their choice and of
the wisdom of placing great power In un
clean hands? . The warning was sounded
In time and was unheeded. The people
that have most to lose have made Phe
lans possible In San Francisco.
When the gigantic plot of the Mayor
had failed he attempted, as already de
scribed, to creep out of the mire as easily
as possible. He proposed, the name of
Colonel. William P. Sullivan Jr. as Chief
of Police, and last night Colonel Sullivan
was elected. He is a man of honor and of
ability. His past is a promise that he will
be faithful and honest in the performance
of his duty and while he has had no po
lice experience, he possesses executive
ability and justifies a hope that his ad
ministration will be one worthy of the
city and heedful of its welfare. ..
HOW THE MAYOR
WENT ABOUT IT
Filed His Notice Ousting
Miggy After Office
Hours.
Mayor Phelan's frequently expressed
intention of ousting Police Commissioner
W. J. Biggy was carried Into effect at 5:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon. At that
time he caused to ~ be .'filed, after office
hours, with the clerk .of the Board of
Supervisors his official notice that he had
removed Bigpy from office and appointed
David I. Mahoney to be his successor.
Jn the same document he gave notice that
he had accepted the resignation of Police
Commissioner Thomas, naming < ex-Judge
William T. Wallace In his stead. The
document reads as follows:
February 13, 1901.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervis
ors of the City and. County of .San Fran
cisco—Gentlemen: Pursuant to sections IS
and 20, article XVI of the charter I hereby
notify you that I have removed W. J. Biggy
from the office of member of the Board of
Police Commissioners of the city and coumy
of Ban Francisco, stating as a cause therefor
the folio wins:
The charter made it the duty of the
Mayor, prior to January 1, to appoint thirty
three commissioners to compose the sev
er*V [K.ardsi and commission*. All of the.,
commissions nave, organized '.and begun «~
their work' auspiciously with; the exceittlon '
?qf .the-. IVJice .Commission. The charter
reads: -.¦ ' '¦¦¦..-. •-.--
"The Police | Department shall be .under
the management of a Board of Police Com
missioners consisting of four members, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor. • • •
The Mayor shall vigilantly observe the of
ficial conduct of ell public officers and the
manner In which they execute their duties
and fulttU their,, obligations. • • • The
.Mayor snail ' from time to time nscom
»end.to the; proper officer* of . the differ
ent departments such measures 'as he may
d«OT benpflclal *o the public lnt«re«t.r He
.cha.ll see tbat the laws of the State and
Continued From, First Page.
PHELAN, SORE IN DEFEAT,
TAKES REVENGE ON BIGCY
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Harry D* Elks, Glens Falls, N. Y v writes
"Early last spring I found that I was tired and languid, my
appetite was failing, and I was becoming run down generally. 1
was advised to take Paine's Celery Compound, and after using it
I never felt so well in all my life as Ido now. It braced me up,
gave me strength and vigor and made a new man of me. I rec-
ommend it to all persons who have tired and languid feelings,
to all athletes, and to all who work hard mentally."
Paine's Celery Compound restores, strengthens
and sustains vital energy and muscular force/
tarys chair to his successor. The resig
nation of Beatty, vho is the son of Chief
Justice Beatty and a clerk in ex-Commis
sioner Thomas' office, was In sympathy
with the resignation of the latter. Mr.
Cadwallader has the distinction of be
ing brother to ."Babe" Cadwallader of
football fame.
"The next business before us," said
Chairman Newhall. "is the election of a
Chief of Police. I have much pleasure
in naming Mr. W. P. Sullivan Jr. "
There was no mistaking the flutter
caused by these words. A general mov
ing about In chairs, n craning of necks
and opening of mouths was noticeable
The crisis had come.
But.", continued Chairman Newhall
"before . I put the question I believe Mr."
Esola would like to say something to us."
Esola, who had been outside for some
time, was sent for. He came in nervously
and. 'avoiding the gaze of the spectators
took, a seat facing the Commissioners!
having first handed Chairman Newhall a
typewritten paper, "which the secretary
read as follows: . ¦ &*tt2E
• To . the - Honorable, the Boa-rd of i Pnlle* i '
Commissioners of the City and Count? £-'.
ban Francisco— Gentlemen: I "hereby with -
foir e my Candldacy for the ° fflc « of Chierdf :
The moving reason for this decision Is that
I do not desire to remain the occasion of
!"o nl £ Pr v cont^tlons whose effect would be
to weaken the efficiency of the Police De
partment, and thus lessen th« pood It can
do for the people of the community
YS hen I became a member of the noli™,
force in 1592 I felt that I had at last £ vn d
a line of effort for which I was adapted I
sought to do my full dui.y and to work out
promotion. Promotion came, and I believed
thac I had not been mistaken in ehoo,ln*
my work. When It grew reasonably ¦ o£t«Jn
that Mr. I. W. Lees would retire TndTom"
other man be chosen for Chief, I thotTght^o
take my stand with others and like them tr?
for the office to be filled. The ambltlo "was
, honorable, and 1 am not conscious of hav
ing. In pursuit of It. deviated in the letst
degree from the path of rectitude. Certain^
I had only a desire to make my way honorl
ably, upward and a strong hope that should
1 become Chief of the department It wou d
be within my power to merit the good opln-
Uo n n 8 I° f shSu cie id W g?! cce c. Pe0I)Ie by the •***&•
Unfortunately for me. my effort to advance
came at a time when personal enmities and
business rivalries, wherewith I had nothing
to do and which I could never hay? lniu
f? Ccd ,' ,c, e , ntered ln *° the case and made me
the victim of a warfare among newspaper
1 was made a convenient peg on which tn
hang their flghts-as to-morrow they may
make some other person in some other walk
of life; and. In the. course of their struggle
some of them have had the baseness to a£
' perse my character and the cruelty to J«k
to ruin me before the world that their Jal
ousies mlßht not fall of gratification
"iou, gentlemen, are familiar with th«
virulence and injustice of the assaults made
u-^h Ft " '"Cental to quarrels w?e r e!
llh , J I u had no connection, quarrels which
would have been waged on one pretext or
another had some different candidate than I
happened between the opposing forces You
ore familiar, because I have had, in justice
to myself to disprove to you maudou!
charges preferred against me. You have had
the fairness to write my vindication Tin the
verdict -Not guilty," and for this I "hank
To such a pass of bitterness has this nr'
fare been carried that I cannot avoid the
conclusion, as a good citizen. Interested in
the welfare of San Francisco and the admin
istratlon of the Police Department th?t I
should not, for the selfish hope of ultimate
success, suffer my candidacy to stand- for
It Is clear that should you In th« end l #i*?t
me Chief, the doing so would make you £,]
others whom I respect objects of the un
: governed rage of certain unprincipled Jourl
nals. and would bring upon the department
",S°. ndltlt i!! of future b0 ' lim y from wLich no
good could come and render impossible ths
success I would hope to achieVe "in such
position. .
I can serve this city best, it seems to ma
by stepping aside. w m- *
Permit me cordially to thank thos* mem
berg of the commission who have rnanir>«?.l
a kindly spirit toward me and t?"«h for
the person you may honor with the Chief
taincy every success In the. conduct of thl
department. Very respectfully
FREDERICK L. ESOLA
Lieutenant of Police.
At the conclusion of the reading the
communication was, on the motion of
Commissioner Mahoney, received and
placed on file. Esola arose to go wh*>n
Mr.- Newhall addressed him. '
"Just before you came In," said the
chairman, "we were about to proceed with
the election of a Chief of Police I do
riot think the board will overlook what
you have done in this matter, because it
makes the way smoother and better for
us, and we are very much obliged to you "
Esola having departed, the board pro
ceeded to the election of Chief of Police
Mr. Mahoney seconding the nomination
of Colonel Sullivan, whom he compliment
ed highly, saying he did not think a more
suitable man could be named for the of
fice. 7 On rollcall the vote In favor of Col
onel Sullivan was unanimous and he was
declared Chief of Police.
This vexed question having been dis
posed of, the board proceeded to the reg
ular order of business. Patrolman James
Connelly was found guilty of drunkenness
while on duty and was fined 150, with an
admonition that it would go hard with
him If it occurred age 'n.
Charges against Stenographer Otto Hey
nemann were called for hearing. After
two witnesses had been called for the
prosecution the charges were dismissed
without testimony from the defense.
The charges of battery preferred by M.
Cuneo, a , Chinatown coal dealer, ¦ against
Officer. R. H. Beamer were dismissed. ~
Commissioner Newhall announced that
the Hotel Nymphla: would probably be re-
of the commission, Mr. Newhall,
in his stead.
In appointing the Police Com
mission I had it at first composed
of Messrs. Thomas, McNutt, New
hall and David I. Mahoney, subse
quently named as a member of the
Board of Fire Commissioners. .The
day before the appointments were
announced Mr. Biggy made per
sonal application and appeal to me
for this place, to which I yielded.
I realise now that I committed an
error of judgment, and to correct
my own mistake, which to my
mind has been clearly demon
strated, I . have appointed David
I. Mahoney .>to the place made va
cant by the removal of Mr. Biggy.-
I have filled the vacancy caused by
the resignation of William' Thomas
by the appointment of • William T.
Wallace. As reorganized, I am sat
isfied that the Board/ of;. Police
Commissioners will . npwf: comply
with the law and perform their
whole duty to the public. Respect
fully,
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor. -
A quarter of an hour after the filing
of the notice Biggy, still in office as
Acting Chief of Police, received the fol
lowing note by messenger:
Hon. William J. Biso*. Police Commis
sioner— Dear Sir: By virtue of the authority
conferred upon me by sections 13 and 20.
article XVI. of the charter of the city and
county, I hereby remove you from the office
of Police Commlmloner. for the causes spe
cified In a communication of thia date to the
Board of Supervisors. Respectfully.
JAMES D. PHELAN. Mayor.
Despite the surreptitious filing of the
notice of Biggy's removal the news spread
over the city like wildfire and was the
one topic of general interest on the streets
before 6 o'clock, at which time large
crowds were reading It on the newspaper
bulletin boards. Concerning the causes
for removal 'everybody was as much in
the dark as Mr." Biggy, to whom the
Mayor had not been courteous enough to
inclose a copy of the document contain
ing them. Mr. Biggy, however, decided
promptly on his course of action. He
concluded that he would- call on the
board, notify it of the note he had re
ceived and make the statement that he
felt that he could not do otherwise than
he had done.
COMMISSIONERS
ELECT A CHIEF
New Members Join With Old
In Naming Colonel
Sullivan.
At 7:30 o'clock Mr. Biggy appeared in
the ante-room to the chamber of the
Police Commissioners. , It was filled to
the doors with- the ¦ crowd that had
gathered in expectation of an exciting
meeting.- Commissioners. Newhall and
McNutt had passed into the board room
a few minutes before 7:30 o'clock and
Judge Wallace and Mr.. Mahoney, who
had previously received their commissions
and had taken the oath An the County
Clerk's office, soon- joined them. . •
Mr. Biggy was admitted : as soon as he
reached the door.- He was inside only, a
few minutes before he reappeared to pass
out of official life. ..: Many hands were
extended to him on the way out.
"I told the Commissioners." he Bald,
"that I was entirely Ignorant of the
causes assigned by the Mayor for my
removal. I read them the note he sent
me and then made the statement that I
was totally unaware of any dereliction of
duty and that. I could not see for the
life of me how I could have acted other
wise."
A few: minutes after Mr. Biggy had
bowed himself out of the boardroom, the
members of the press were admitted.
"I wish to state." said Chairman New
hall. after he had'called the meeting to
order.. "that the Mayor has removed Act
ing Chief Biggy and has appointed Mr.
Mahoney in his place. Have you your cre
dentials, Mr. Mahoney?"
"l have," said the, new Commissioner,
producing a roll of. paper. "I have filed
my bond and taken the oath of. office."
Chairman Newhall 'announced also. that
the Mayor, had accepted the . resignation
of CommissV>rier Thomas and named
Judge William T. Wallace to. succeed him.
The Judge produced his credentials . and
stated that he had filed his bond and
taken the oath of office, and the certifi
cates of appointment were ordered spread
on the minutes. . .. ' : ,
At the instance of Chairman . Newhall
Commissioner Mahoney offered a • resolu
tion that the .board receive the resignation
of H.'-O. Beatty as secretary and appoint
in his Btead B. L. Cadwallader. It was
carried and Mr. Beatty resigned the secre-
ratification, and thfe following was unani
mously adopted:
Resolved. That the San Diego Chamber of
Commerce most respectfully request the repre
sentatives of California In Congress that they
In every way uree the Immediate passage of
the Nicaragua canal bill, as amended to pro
vide for the control rather than sovereignty
ami that they do not Insist upon fortifying the
canal approaches, which. In our opinion, ia un
necessary, and, if Insisted upon, would prob
ably result In defeating legislation during the
present session of Congress.
s'truetion of. the Nicaragua canal, and *we urge
tbat they use thp utmost, .diligence to bring
about Its speedy completion.' .'•-.'
That a copy of this resolution be furnished the
local papers and copied.- thereof malted to each
of the following named persons, to wit: The
Hon. John Hay. Secretary of State; W. It.
Hearst- and to the Senators and Congressmen
from California. • '
SAN DIEGO, Feb." 13.— The Chamber of
Commerce met this afternoon and dis
cussed the Hay-Pauneeiot-> treaty. The
sentiments expressed were In favor of Its
TOPEKA. Kans.. Feb. 13.— Henry U. Mudge. the new general manager of the
Sar.ta Fe system, commenced his railroad career with that road as water
boy in 1572. He traveled with his parents by wagon from Michigan to Ster
ling. Kans. His father took up -a claim and young Mudge, then 16 years of
age, obtained employment - ac water boy to a sang of tracklayers who
were pushing the road westward and had reached a point near Sterling. When
cold weather set In the track had reached the Colorado Jlne and work was
stopped for the winter.
The your.g railroader returned to Sterling and made a bargain with the sta
tion agent there to do the chores around the depot if the agent would teach him
telegraphy. In three months he was proficient enough to be appointed extra
operator. He continued in that line of work until IST6. when he became a bag
pageman for six months, a brakeman for the same length of time and finally was
appointed conductor before he was 21 years of age. From that position he arose
to the grade of roadmaster. trainmaster, assistant division superintendent and
division superintendent. He was appointed general superintendent of the Western
grand division and general superintendent of the entire system and finally gen
eral manager.
Mr. Mudfre killed buffalo tn supply the tracklayers with meat and won fjulte
a reputation as a buffalo hunter. lie has seen the road grow from a small sys
trm in on* State to the longest system in the world, entering eleven States,
reaching from Chicago to the Pacific and from Nebraska to the Gulf of Mexico,
and with steamship lines to Japan and South America. He has witnessed the
passing of the and the Indian and through all his experience he has re
mained with the same road.
HENRY U. MUDGE.
NEW GENERAL MANAGER
OF SANTA FE SYSTEM
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALI,, WEDNESDAY^ FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
FAVORS GOVERNMENT
OWNERSHIP OF RAILROADS.
Important Action Decided Upon bu
Resolutions Committee of the Anti-
Trust Conference, .
2two girls belonging to a well-known fam
ily in Pretoria, who will pay dearly for it.
It is also asserted that 2000 English sol
diers who got astray during the Dundee
retreat, going north instead of south, have
arrived in Portuguese territory and been
disarmed after wandering . hungrily
through Zululand.
Letters to several Brussels friends and
to the Petit Bleu state that there are no\v
eight gold mines being worked by the
Transvaal Government, including Robin
son, Bonanza, Ferreiria, Deep Rose, Deep
Wemmer, Village Maid and Crown Reef.
Others are about to be reopened. Boers
are working them so well that they are
yielding thousands of pounds more than
heretofore. In the Simmer Jack mine was
found a splendid ambulance carriage, pre
sented to the company in view of the war
by Cecil Rhodes. It has been sent to
General Cronje at Magersfonteln.
RHODES TO BE HELD
HOSTAGE FOR INDEMNITY
LONDON, Feb. 13.— The friends of Cecil
Rhodes are becoming alarmed at his pos
sible fate and have sent an emissary to
see Dr. Leyds," the diplomatic agent ot the
Boers in , Europe, in regard to the prob
able course the Boers would pursue in the
event of his capture. Dr. Leyds assured
the intermediaries that the Boers did not
intend to kill Mr. Rhodes, but, he added,
they would certainly hold him as a host
age until the indemnity for the Jameson
raid was paid. In view of the'develop
ments since the raid the Boers have also
decided to double the amount of the in
demnity demanded, ,so Mr. Rhodes'
friends will have to hand over £2,000.000
($10,000,000) before he is released.
It Is also learned definitely that.Dr.
Jameson is. still at Ladysmlth,.in spite, of
all conflicting reports. A semi-official
paragraph is published In the Globe this
afternoon saying Germany does not con
template intervention. The German
Government, it is added, does not consider
itself concerned In the future status or In
the existence of the Boer republics.
WORK OF WOMEN FOR
THE SICK AND WOUNDED
LONDON, Feb. 13.— As the conviction
grows'in Great Britain that the war will
be long the efforts for providing for the
sick and wounded and the families of the
soldiers at the front arts redoubling. There
Is scarcely a woman: in England, who, in
addition to mailing . articles of clothing
for those in the field and in the hospitals,
is not working for and contributing to
some social fund. •
Mrs. Arthur Paget's entertainment to
night brought In 'over £5000 for the fami
lies of the Household Troops, in which
her husband is a colonel of the Scots
Guards, the Mansion House fund exceeds
£690,000, ' .'' the Dally : Telegraph's fund
amounts to £U9,000 and ; the Daily Mail's
totals £77,000. ' These amounts "cover only,
the larger " London f unds.S and do not In
clude numerous provincial funds "of largo
retreat, the various outposts on both
F.ides suffering heavy losses. The dis
patch adds that it is doubtful If Rens
burg can be held.
EXPLANATIONS MADE
IN THE COMMONS
IX)NDON, Feb. 13.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day Thomas Ilpdderwick.
Advanced Liberal for Wyck district, gave
notice of a resolution calling attention to
the fact that the colonies are without rep
resentatives in the Imptrfal Parliament.
The resolution was set down for a month
hence, but it is not likely that time "will
be found then for discussion. «.
Under Secretary of State for the For
eign Office, the Hon. St. John Broderick.
was asked whether th? Government had
received any communication from Ger
many modifying the declaration made In
ISSj by the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
Baron Marshal yon Beiberstein. to the
effect that German's only policy was the
maintenance of the Transvaal as an in
dependent state., in accordance with the
treaty of ISS4. He replied that no commu
nication had been received from. the Ger
man Government relating to the con
vention of ISS4, which he added, as a mat
ter of fact, was terminated by the state
of war.
The Under Secretary of State for the
War Office, Mr. Wyndham. definitely set
«.t rest all the stories of Government In
terference in the prerogatives of the com-
mander in chief. Replying to a question.
Mr. "VVyndham said the commanders in
the field were selected by Lord Wolseley
subject to the aproval of the Secretary
of State for War, and added that every
selection put forward had been approved.
When debate on the army supple
mentary estimates was resumed Mr.
Wyndham, during the course of a speech,
again Intimated that an attempt would be
made to democratlcize the army, which,
he said, he thought ought not to be closed
to officers who did not enjoy an income of
from £150 to £000 a year. Mr. Wyndham
also said it was a scandal and danger to
the empire that young men could not en
ter the cavalry unless their fathers were
able to give them £500 a year. The Under
Secretary further announced that it was
not Intended to raise volunteers in Ire
land.
ENGLISHMAN SHOT FOR
BEING A BOER SPY
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. ISjCO. by New York Herald Com
pany. Repubilcation of this dispatch la
prohibited. All rights reserved In the
United States and Great Britain.]
PARIS, Feb. 13.^The Temps* corre
spondent in Durban sends an account of
the execution of an English lighthouse
keeper, who was a spy in the service of
the Boers. One day while a troopship wac
passing the high promontory on which the
lighthouse is situated an officer's atten
tion was attracted by singular hellograpn
signals that were being made on the
other side of the lighthouse. The keeper
was watched and it was found that by
the use of the ordinary heliograph code
the keeper signaled each new arrival -of
troops, each movement in port and the
number of men, cannons and horses dis
embarked to accomplices situated on a
mountain some distance away. These
messages were repeated from post to post
and reached the Boer headquarters on tlic
Tugela river in two or three days, and
this has been going on for some time since
the outbreak- of the war.
He was paid £60 for each. telegram, and
before beginning his operations : had re
ceived £9CO on account, which was proved
by an examination of his account at the
Transvaal. National. Bank, which has a
branch at Durban, and which paid bim
the money. He was a full-bred English
man, 60 years old, 'and had been employed
in the lighthouse for a long time. His
wife and five children would not believe
in his guilt and a painful scene took plate
when he was transferred on board a »nan
cf-war, where he was shot.
TWO GIRLS AIDED
CHURCHILL'S ESCAPE
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900, by New York Herald Com
pany. * Rrpublication of this , dispatch - is
prohibited. AH rights reserved in the
•United States and Great Britain.}
BRUSSELS, Feb. 13.— According to'pri
vate letters from Pretoria inquiry has re
vealed; that, although Winston Churchill;
for honorable motives, alleges that he es
caped single handed, he was assisted l>y
Pt) / X^ *i*4^* "^ ing the Roman = Empire, i\l*> J
UP HID ijk 0 I St. Valentine's day i 22
ww *^> originated. Ever since \S!
[-^9 : | .hen it has been observed, changing, however, v|
* ¦ ¦ =ol a little from time to time. Jw
But st< Valentine's is traditionally a day of choosing— jk\
SaffiftraL a day in which to make selections of one kind or another. ;J\
55 % ll At one time people only chose valentines on that S g .
Si *V[ day, . but the present hurrying age looks more to practical gj j
SI Rn things. S! /
Si &&* SJL
B B"^fei^ Some folks now choose clothes, and especially when *|$2?*
¦g *4*P by coincidence they can get an extreme value on that day. W^k
¦¦ ISpfr ere is a su gg es^ on t0 those who choose to choose ¦£.
51 RV to-day: jS
si %C? s 1
|| tj£<i all = wool blue serge suits sg
BBB B $X ffi.iflt
b§ j®yift They are single and double breasted sack suits. / i{ls
sS'^SML fashionably made from good material that will give /|a
¦2 #3^** long service. /-iJ«*^
fa Tfc Out-of-town orders filled— write us— ask anything /I
ia i\& you wish about the suits. . y^v / / 5?
£5 >kT Mention that you would like our clothing catalogue \, / /
|! J 718 Market St W^m
The Uniao* Portugueza^ of this
city received the following special
cablegram yesterday, which sub
stantiates the prediction made in
The Call last Sunday:
I*ISBON,Feb. 13.— The King
has signed a protocol of a se
cret offensive and defensive
alliance with England, with
the approval of the leaders of
the militant parties of both
countries.
amounts being raised to equip volunteers.
The equipment of the Yeomanry Hospital
has just left England for the Cape. The
ladies at the head of this charity have
now decided to raise funds to keep the
hospital going for six months and have
issued the following appeal to the British
residents of the United States:
We are endeavoring to address an appeal to
ELEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY
SUITS FILED IN ONE DAY
Depositors of the union Savingt
Bank of San Jose Take Action
Against Stockholders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Feb. IS.— Eleven hundred
and fifteen suits were filed in Justice
Rcsenthal's court to-day by depositor* of
the Insolvent Union Savings Bank asaii.st
the stockholders of that Institution. This
batch of suits was brought by sixteen
plaintiffs and nearly all of the stockhold
ers are defendants. The actions are for
pro rata liability on the bank accounts
and range in amount from a few cents
to (SO.
At the same time between 90) and 1000
demurrers to the same suits were also
filed. There was a large array of legal
talent present. In most cases jury trial*
were demanded, and the first of these.
Christ vs. Whltebouse. was sst for Feb
ruary 20. The court decided that the Jury
fees must be deposited each day in ad
vance. If all cases go to a Jury trial
these oases, with nearly 2000 more recently
filed In the same court, will occupy Jus
tice Rosenthal's time for almost a year.
JACK THE HUGGER IS
NEARLY BEATEN TO DEATH
Insulter of Women in Boise Meets
"With Severe Punishment From,
Angry Husbands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho. Feb. 13.— Women passing;
along Boise's streets after dark havo been
frightened Into hysterics of late by a
"Jack the Hugger ," whose habit It wajto
rush from dark recesses, give them a nug
and then, if they resisted vigorously, to
run away. To-day he was Identified as
Charles Market.
One angry husband almost beat him to
death and other husbands and brothers
are after him, but he has decamped. A
warrant for his arrest is out. but he will
be adorned with tar and feathers If the
officers do not find him first. Markel 13
a draughtsman and has been employed by
leading architects here.
Agnews' Managers Meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 13.— The managers of
Agnews Asylum to-night elected Isaac
Upham president of the board and T. S.
Montgomery was re-elected s«w-retarv. J.
K. Wilson of San Francisco, who was re
cently appointed In place ot ur. J. v.
Curnow, whose term expired, was pres
ent and took his seat.
BRITISH COMMISSIONERS
MURDERED IN BURMAH
RANGOON, British Bnnnah, Feb. 13.— The British Commis
sioners Middle and Sutherland, who had been engaged in the
demarcation of the Bnnno-Chinese boundary, have been mur-"
dered in the Monghem district. Consul Litter was wounded,
bat escaped.
our fellow-countrymen, who, although absent
from- their native land, are mixed up heart and
soul in its prosperity. At this moment, when
we »c« volunteers from every quarter of the
British empire linked in one common bond of
sympathy and shoulder to shoulder with Eni-
Ilsh troops, fighting for the freedom of the op
presaed, will Englishmen. Scotchmen and Irish
men n<»t unite with us and identify themselves
with this sane noble spirit by assisting us to
alleviate the sufferings of those whs ars risk
ing their lives In Africa? America has eener
ously given and is still maintaining a hospital
ship for our wounded soldiers. This menifl
cence is deeply apsredated In our country- It
Is not to America that we now appeal. It Is
to those who cannot for various reasons flint
at their country's call. All the bravest of
Great Britain's soldiers will shortly be at
the front. We would ask their absent com
rades to prove by their liberality that they are
mindful of the suCrricis of those who fall
bravely In keeping; up the traditions of British
soldiers. . BEATRICE CHESHAM.
GEOP.GIANA CURZON. .
SORRY THEY KILLED
A NON-COMBATANT
RENSBURG, Feb. 13. —An Australian
newspaper correspondent, Mr. Reay, paid
an interesting visit ta the Boer camp
Sunday to make inquiries as to the fate of
ills missing colleague. Mr. Hale of the
London Daily News, who was captured on
February 7, at the time Mr. Larabie of the
Melbourne Age was killed. Mr. Reay ar
rived at the camp blindfolded. When
taken before Commandant Delarey his
eyes were unbandagrd.
Delarey said he deeply regretted that a
non-combatant hed been killed and ex
pressed his sympathy with Mr. Lambie's
widow. Mr. Reay was then escorted to
Mr. Lambie's grave, and the latters
watch and other personal effects w»re
handed over to Mr. Reay. The escort in
formed Mr. Reay that the two republics
had 120,000 men fighting and were able to
continue the war Indefinitely.
WOOD HAS SEIZED
ZOUTPANS DRIFT
LONDON, Feb. 13.— A private telegram
received here says that the force com
manded by General Wood has moved up
from the southward and seized Zoutpans
Drift, which he now holds.
BRITISH CASUALTIES
AT POTGIETERS DRIFT
LONDON, Feb. 13.— A revised list of the
British casualties at Potgieters Drift
from February 5 to February 7 shows:
Killed. 26; wounded, 319; missing, 5.
STARVING OUT THE
MAFEKING GARRISON
LONDON*. Feb. 13.— An undated dispatch
from Mafeklng. via Gaberones, February
2, says: Colonel Baden-PowoH has re
ceived a communication from Lord Rob
erts, promising: that relief would be sent
in a few weeks. The food will last. The
garrison is as game as ever. The Boers
have expressed their intention not to fight
but to starve us out. All well.
The War Office has posted a dispatch
from Colonel Kekewich. dated Sunday.
February 11. to the effect that Klmb-rtey
was bombarded throughout Thursday.
February 8. During the morning of Feb
ruary 9, a small Infantry engagement
lasting two hours occurred at Alexan
dersfontein. Tho situation otherwise is
unchanged.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
mOM SAX FRANCISCO S. S. "PORTLAND".. April 30. 1300
VPCM KEATTLE s - S - "DORA" April JO. 1900
iToM BAN FRANCISCO ............ .:... S. 6. "RAINIER" May 10. I*oo
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FEO2I BA*f FRANCISCO - S - S - " ST - PA^* l *" May -85th
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE 8 - 8 - "BERTHA," commencing April Ith
JLND MOSTHI-T THEREAFTER. "
For new tol&ert. map* anfl further particular* as to freight and paM«*e, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT.SIO San»cm» street, San FtaneUco, C»L - •
For BeattU aaiuisp apply to CAPT. JAS. CAHROI.L. Mutual Uf« Buildla*, Seattle, Wait
Examined on Murder Charge.
MEDFORD. Or.. Feb. 13.— The prelim
inary examination of A. J. Hamlin. who
shot Ed Armstrong here last Sunday,
was held to-day before Justice of th©
Peace James Stewart. Hamlin was placed
under $1000 bonds to appear before- the
next Grand Jury.
BOERS DRIVE IN THE BRITISH OUTPOSTS.
THE SAN FBAKOISOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
During Hard Fighting Near Colesberg Strenu
ous Efforts Are Made to Outflank the
Imperial Troops — Consider
able fosses Reported — Buller
in Danger of Being Sur-
rounded.
»
LONDON, Feb. 14.— A dispatch
to the Daily Mail from
Rensburg, dated yesterday,
cays:
"There has been hard fighting for
6cnie days near Colesbsrg, the Boers
making strenuous efforts to outflank
the British left. The enemy occupies
strong positions from Achtertang
through Potfontein to a point five
miles south of Jagersfontsin.
"The fighting at the outpost camp
baa been very severe during the last
few days. Yesterday the Boers at
tacked the position of the Wcrcesters.
to the southeast of Colesberg. Fight
ing continued all day and after dark
it was considered necessary to with
draw to Bensburg. Our losses are not
yet known.
"On the left the West Australians,
Wiltshires and Berkshires had hot
fighting, but held their positions
against long odds. The Boer losses
were considerable.
"Owing to the growing difficulties
experienced by convoys in raaching
the camps, all the latter were vacated
last night and the troops withdrew
to Bensburg.
"The Boers are burning the farms
of the loyalists, but the latter have
contrived to get away -with their
stock."
T ONDON. Feb. 14. 4:20 a. m— The
I news of the day is the enforced re-
I tlrement of the British from the
J .Colesberg district under heavy 3cer
"^""^ pressure and probably after bri.-sk
fighting. Thus, at a time ' when I*ord
Roberts Is apparently able to push an
army Into the Free State the Boers make
a counter-stroke In unknown but seem
ingly gTeat force, not far from the vital
line of railway connecting De Aar and
Orange River.
Military observers do not regard this
cc more than a menace. Nevertheless
the news produces an unpleasant Im
pression here. General French had
maneuvered the Boers out of Rensburj?
In December. On January 1 It was re
ported that he could take Colesberg in
two days with reinforcements. These
were tent, but the Boers were also re
inforced. Since then the British linos
have been extended east and west so that
at the opening of this week they consti
tute a great horseshoe twenty-five miles in
length. The lints were not continuous.
but all the strong positior.*»were held.
General French, when he joined General
Roberts, took most of his cavalry. Gen
eral Clements was left with the Infantry
to hold the Boers lji.check, but Command
ant Delarcy. with a double turning move
ment, has compelled the British to con
centrate at Rensburg. besides threatening
Roberts' communication.
The Boer mastery of the district has
caus*»d a spread of the Insurrection, but
this no doubt will be promptly suppressed.
as large British forces are available not
far away.
The indications as to General Buller"s
Immediate Intentions are contradictory.
One informant, who has intimate relations
with the "War Office, predicts a movement
within the next day or two. A number
of correspondents who have been with
General Buller have gone to Durban for a
few days' rest, under the impression that
nothing is to be done Immediately.
The War Office has directed the Eighth
Division of 10,000 men to prepare to go out.
BRITISH TROOPS DRIVEN
IN FROM THE OUTPOSTS
RENSBURG. Feb. 12 (evening).— The
Boers have again driven In the British
outposts on the western flank to-day, all
outposts at Bastards Nek, HobklrkJ?
Windmill . and other points retiring to
Maeders Farm. There were several cas
ualties, but details have not yet been re
ceived.
RENSBURG, Feb. IS.— Yesterday's re
tireirent of the western outpost* included
the withdrawal from Cole? kooa and all
the surrounding posts. The Boers placed
a <0-pounder at Bastards Nek, command
ing the surrounding country, and suc
cessfully shelled • the British positions.
The Boers numbered some thousand and
T.fre five to one wherever fighting oc
curred.
The British are chafing under the ne
cessity of a retreat from their posts',
some of which they had held since tlje
r.vv: year. The British now have a camp
west of Rensburg. They safely brought
o.T the gnns from Coleskoop.
The Boers are actively pressing around
Rensburg. The British force under
Lieutenant Colonel Page, ronsistin* of a
section of artillery and 130 horses, which
had reached Slingersfontein February 10,
has been compelled to fall back on Rens
burg owlrg to its eastern flank being
thiestened.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— A dispatch to the
Evening News from Rensburg rays se
vere fighting occurred during th 2 British
3VERDICT FOR MRS. BOYLE.
Awarded S2OOO In Her Suit Against
North Pacific Coast Railway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 13.-After being
locked up all night, the Jury In th* case
of Mrs. Carmelita. Boyle vs. the ICorth
Pacific Coast Railroad early this morn
inur found for the plaintiff in the amount
of $2000.
Mrs. Boyle claimed that sho suffered
permanent Injury Jn an accident trhich
occurred on the company* road r.t' Mill
Valley a year ago. She sue? '"ir 150,000.
Important Land Deals.
MONTEREY. ¦ Feb. 13.— Two Important
leases have Just been filed for record In
this county. One Is a twenty-year lease
for 2400 acres of the San Lucas Rancho
from R. F. Johnson and wife of this city
to Frank Barrett, the well-known oil ex
pert, and the other is also a twenty-year
lease of 2000 acres of the San Bernardino
Rancho. from J. A. Treacony of Salinas'
to Frank Barrett . Beth leases have been
assigned to Leon Bloss of Ban Fran
cieco. • - • • '. '
-1 ; 1 1 1 : : 1 : i : i : :-i-i--i ; -i 1 1 1 1 7--1--1- -1--1 1 1 1 ! : : ; ; : 1?t t t ¦h-w^^'^^"^- •i--w-I"I;-I"I"I"I"I"H"I"H-H"H-m-h-->-i-1"1-i ii ii i im-i-h-h-m iiii i i i 1
I By my appliances I show that Electricity is the POWER OF y \
X LIFE and the GREATEST REMEDY for disease ! Jk j^ <^f
t Electricity is that hidden force which sustains energy of mind and vitality of body. /. ; ' -
r. It feeds the nerves with new power and builds muscle. Civilization has so changed our \>W7' 'JjSl^V'-^
t habits and occupations from the rugged life of early times that many break down by the i^y >
\ advanced methods of living. Medical electricity has been the study of my life, and I have 7
:. so mastered and perfected my system of using it that my ' l^ 7^,^^^^^^. "*•
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt |88tK x
rls now the most simple, scientific and sure remedy for man and woman. Worn a few %tf \ \ \
*' hours daily this fills you with a mild, reviving voltage, which is a marvelous restorer. For \fl vivl
*! your DEBILITY, RHEUMATISM, KIDNEY or STOMACH TROUBLE it. is the most curative power ™%
i nature has given. It is the grandest invention in Medical Science for 100 years. I offer you \ JlSr vSili
? a FREE TREATMENT at my office. You can test my method, and read the indorsements of \lnf \«^|
4. those whom I have cured. Iftf \«
.. . . wr 1 x j ' Rheumatism and Stomach Catarrh. >s* \-2sl
SPECIAL!- My electrodes are war- tomales M-xm co.. caL. i>b. 12. im <-*c%& v»
X- ranted not to^ BURN nor BLISTER. I will- take nn M - lA - McLAUGH L ix- Da ar sir: i .offered much v m mmm spfr
'• ¦ . ? .- -lij. i_ji_-l '" ¦¦ ''•*¦'. * that I was In a broken-down condition, and had the symptom*
•>,• YOUr Old Style belt, .WhlCh bUrnS and tOrtUreS" of the worst form of dyspepsia. As soon as I put on your B«lt /™^*j7-~
•}• • I began to Bain relief, and am now entirely cured. I feel flf- \-j»"^yL~ ¦
** YOU. at half Drice for mine. * teen years younger, and would not take $1000 for the Belt X I ''"
>( juu, omau pnto ivi.uuuo. could not replace it. • Yours truly, . JOHN B. GUAY.
" If you cannot call write for ; my ; NEW BOOK, illustrated and sent free.
X- r^D TV/I A Mir* I AITr^HI Il\l 702 Market -St., Corner Kearriy, San Francisco, and
\- LPIV. lVi« Am IYICL.AIJf iSTlLill^. Bwuiokßlook,ConiBrSprag and Second Stre«tB, LO3 Anjreles.
V ¦¦:*?¦:*>* £IRm ">* *' * V »- A ' r^^' VJ A * *-4*i. 9 office hours-8 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sunday*. 10 to L NEVER SOLDin DRUQ STOREa
New Orleans Races.
• NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 13.— The track
showed but little Improvement to-day and
was heavy. Dr. Walmsley, Ed Gartland
II and -George B. Cox were the winning
favorites. Results:
Selling, seven furlonics — Right Bower won,
Castar second, Lampwlck third. Time, 1:36%.
Belllnp, fix furlongs— Dr. Walmsley, won,
Judire Wardell second, Tom Kingsley third.
Bell'lnK." two and a sixteenth miles— Teutons
won, Albert Vale second, Monongah third.
Handicap. *even furlongs— Ed -Gartland II
won. Strangest 6econd, Compensation third.
Time l'Z3. ' t' ;
Selling;, cix furlonpß— Old Fox won, Palarem
eecond. Scottish Grit thjrd. Time, 1:20.
Selllnp. one mile— George B. Cox won; Bright
Night second. Fewness third. Time, I:£l>4.
Wants a Big Fight.
The Columbia Athletic Club directors
will endeavor to match boxers Tom
Sharkey and Bob Fitzsimmons for a
twenty-round bout in their new arena, at
Central Park. An offer will be tele
graphed East to-day.
SALE OF HARNESS HORSES.
Sunol to Be Disposed Of at New York
on Thursday.
/ NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— The sale of light
harness horses under the management of
the Tipton Company began to-day at
Maidson-square Garden. -Nearly 500
horses will be*- put under the hammer dur
ing the five days of the sale, among the
number being the last of the stables
owned by the Robert Bonner estate. Sunol
will be sold on Thursday next. The bid
ding to-day was slow and prices did not
go high except in a few cases. Among
the horses sold were the following:
Bayllght, b. g\. 2:OS. consigned by B. H.
Radell & Son. sold to J. 8. Clark, New Bruns
wick, Jl5OO.
Rifle, b. k., 2:08H, consigned by F. D. Crea
mer, sold to Frank Farrell, New York, $1000.
SEVEN CLUBS ENTER.
American Baseball Association For
mally Organized.
CHICAGO, Feb. 13.— At a stormy session
at the Great Northern Hotel the new
American Baseball Association was form
ally organized with seven clubs to-day.
John McGraw and Phil Peterson of Balti
more were appointed as a committee to
obtain:the eighth city. As the circuit now
stands it includes Chicago, Wllwaukee,
St. Louis and Louisville in the West;
Boston, Philadelphia and Baltimore In the
East. It was the expectation of those
present to-day that. Washington would
complete the eight-club circuit. •.¦¦
GEN BACKS NOT
TO BE RETIRED
Currency Bill Explained
by Allison.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— When the
financial bill was laid before the Senate
to-day Allison of lowa, the ranking Re
publican member of the Finance Com
mittee, addressed the Senate. Allison re
ferred to the Senate substitute for the
House bill and paid there was no propo
sition to change the existing cumuicy,
gold and silver certificates, greenbacks,
treasury notes and national bank notes.
Allison asserted that he never supposed
there was any doubt in the minds of any
body that this country was on a gold
standard. Said he:
The present bill makes the greenbacks .>beo
lutely redeemable in gold coin. In w. sense
does the bill provide for the elimination of
irreenbackn from our currency. I want to re-
Iterate that there is not a provlßJon in the first
•section of the Senate substitute that la not now
a part of the law or that has not been the
practice at the Government sine« 1879.
Lindsay of Kentucky inquired whether
in case there should be a deficit the gold
obtained from the sale of bonds under the
bill could be used to pay current expenses
of the Government.
"Under the provisions of the Senate
substitute to which I am directing my re
marks " replied Allison, "these bonds for
obtaining gold can be bold only when the
reserve falls below $50,090,000, and I want
here and now to express my firm convic
tion and belief that it will never be neces
sary under the bill to hell bonds for the
purpose."
"But," insisted Lindsay, "will not the
ultimate result be the letirement of the
greenbacks?"
"Under the bill." replied AJlison, "the
greenbacks cannot be retired. I want to
nay that the retirement oi the green
backs or any other part of our money
.-houlil never be attempted witho.ut the
most careful scrutinyVnd the wisest con
fideration of the legislation providing
'or it."
Ai'»i of Nebraska interposed to say his
olv'< '-i!on to the bill was that the whole
power to issue money would ue turned
over to the national banks. •
Allison replied that under the bill every
dollar -of our currnecy would remain in
circulation.
At the conclusion of Allison's speech
Jones of Nevada continued the debate in
a speech strongly antagonistic to the pro
visions of the pending bill. Said he:
This measure Is the climax of efforts that
have been made since lftS to abolish the u«« of
silver. It Is certain that there will be addi
tional legislation prenented at some subsequent
date to retire the J346.000.000 of greenbacks. The
irold-etandard advocates know . that it would
not do to attempt to carry throiißh all of their
plans at once. That would be a chock to the
American people. There will be alho an effort
in the near future to retire the treasury notes.
This will afford the national banks an oppor
tunity to regulate the volume of money, save
; only of frold and silver coin. Thus an aggrega-
I tion of private banking: corporations will exer
cise the sovereign function of Issuing money in
stead of that function being vested in the Gov
emt alone.
Speaking of the provision of the bill
which will enable national banks to Issue
currency up to the par value of bonds
deposited. Jones declared that the result
of the authorization of national banks to
Issue so great an amount of currency a^
they would be able to Issue by the pro
visions of the pending bill would be to
j place in the hands of the. banks the credit
of the entire peopl* and the powr-r abso
lutely to bankrupt thousands c./ people
by calling in loans in the regular conduct
of their banking business.
Jones spoke with bitter sarcasm of the
financal dependence of the United State 3
declaring that a cockfight in India or a
war in Africa with the Boers disturbed
the finances of 60.000,000 of Americans He
maintained that this country phould have
its distinctive money which would not
desert us in time of trial and in conclu
sion he advocated the lssueance of a
paper currency by the Government alone
GODDARD
EASY FOR
SHARKEY
Trainer Saves the Veteran
From a Knock-Out in
the Fourth.
PHILADELPHIA, feb. 13.— Tom Shar
key and Joe Goddard, the "barrier cham
pion," met to-night at Industrial Hall in
what was to have been a BK-jound bout.
Goddard, howe'^r, was outclassed and
was 6aved in the mifidie of the fourth
round from an almost certain knockout
by .his trainer, Jake Dougherty, throwing
up the sponge. Sharkey, in a series of
terrific rushes, had warmed things for
the veteran until defe3t seemed to be due
in the next blow, when Dougherty pur
rendered. Goddard was still anxious to
fight and made a lunge at the sailor. They
mixed things up and. after rapid ex
changes, Goddard slipped to the floor, and,
with Tom on top of h'.m, came near roll
ing through the ropes.
More than 4000 persons witnessed the
fight and Sharkey was given an ovation
as he took his corner. The .veteran pugi
list, John S. Clark, was the referee.
The first round was rather tame. Tom
holding himself back. One of his punches,
a left on Goddard's Jaw, was the only evi
dence of light. The round ended in one
of a series of clinches. T^'v* "1 "
Sharicey opened the second round by
rushing his man. He fought fast and
furiously and landed frequently on God
dard's body and face, and was especially
effective with a number of short-range
blows. GtKidard managed to land several
times on the sailor, but did no damage.
Toward the close of. the round Joe was
apparently evading punishment and con
veniently slipping to the Iloor Just before
the bell. . : J'^'i'il
The rushing tactics were repeated by
the sailor in the next round, and Goddard
tried to save himself by frequent clinches.
A body blow at short range sent Goddard
to grass. He took the full time toeing the
scratch, and. after some fiddlng, he again
went down from an easy blow. Goddard
was weak when the. gong sounded.
One minute and ten^ seconds of the
fourth round hart passed when Goddard s
trainer gave up the fight. Throughout the
bout the youth, strength and agility of
Sharkey told against the years of the
older man, and it seemed a foregone con
clusion that the latter would not last, al
though he finished apparently fresh.
No other soap .in
the world ;is : used- so
much; or so little of
it- goes so far.
Southern Brazil is hierhly commendrfd as
a virgin field for American enterprise. Its
climate is praised as most healthful and
its resources are wonderfully endowed. .
No Courtesies Shown.
PANAMA, Feb. 13.— The Italian cruiser
Calabria has left for San Francisco. Dur
ing her stay in the bay there were no in
ternational . courtesies of any kind ex
changed between the- ship and the mill
taryior civil authorities ashore on account
of the existing- strained diplomatic rela
tions between Colombia and Italy.
DRUNKEN SOLDIERS
TERRIFY SAUSALITO
Insult Ladies and Show a Disposition
to Use Tbeir Sidearms When
Interfered With.
Fr<e<"!al I>iFjja»rh to Th* Call.
BAUSALITO. Feb. 13.- For a short time
this 'afternoon this place was at the
merry of a srarg of drunken troopers
from the Angel Island garrison. During
the time they ranged the Btreets they
causr<i a veritable reign of terror among
the respectable portion of the commun
ity. Several of the soldiers carried slde
arme and showed a disposition to use
them when a citizen remonstrated with
them for the insults they had been sub
jecting s*-v«yil i;i.'.;.-s to.
Constable John E. Creed was notified.
By the time some of the rioters had been
clubbed into subjection some petty offi
cer* came to Ore*>d'B assistance, and with
their aid the mob was driven toward the
wharf and embarked in the boat in which
they crossed over. When a few yards
from the thore a nejrro corporal jumped
overboard. He was in imminent danger
of drowning, when Creed saw his peril
and throwing a ronr- to him dragged him
on the wharf. The boat was pulled
back and the ntgre. bound hand and foot,
waa thrown into it.
PRINCE HENRY'S WELCOME.
BERLIN, Feb. 11-Prince Henry of
Prussia, brother of Emperor William, ar
rived here to-< Jay. He was welcomed at
the railroad etation by his Majesty and a
large uuite. Immediately after the train
stopped Prince Henry hurried to the Km
fwiror. who met him half way. The broth
er* embraced affectionately. The Minis
teri, headed by the Imperial Chancellor,
Prince Hohenlohe, and many distinguished
civil, naval and military officers, wel
comed the Prince back to Berlin.
After an ir.Bi>ection. of the guard of
honor the Emperor, wearing a naval uni
form, and Prince Henry drove in an open
carriage to the Bchloss. The streets were
thronged with people, who enthusiasti
cally welcomed the Prince,
INCENDIARY FIRES
AND INSURRECTIONS
Rioting Continues in Ste. Marie and
Other TJngarrisoned " Towns in
¦';*¥» ir' Martinique.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York'
Herald. Coprrieht, 1900, by the New York
Herald Comivany. J ? ¦
' FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique/ Feb.'
13. — To-day an incendiary . flre of sugar
cane occurred on the .plantation
Deschamps. There were Insurrections
this morning in Ste. Marie, La Mentin
and La Soudon, near Fort de . France,
where there were no troops. Roads were
obstructed by natives, bat gendarmes
maintained free traffic. Rioters occupy
Worne Pavilion.
A telegram from' Paris announces that
Socialist Deputy Viviant asks for a vote
of 50,000 francs for victims of the disturb
ances.
The strike has had a deplorable effect
among sugar owners. The gathering in
of the sugar crop has been made satisfac
tory, but the strikers hinder transporta
tion to the factories.
A meeting of arbitrators has decided to
recommend an increase of wages by 25 per
cent
BILL TO PROVIDE
FOR PACIFIC CABLE
House Committee Rejects the Corliss
Proposition for Government ..
Ownership.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— The House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce to-day decided by a vote of 8
to 5 to report a Pacific cable bill along
the lines or the Sherman bill, defeating by
5 to 8 the Corliss proposition for Govern
ment ownership. ' y .'. ;,
Found Guilty of Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 13.— The Jury In
the trial of Lem Deo, charged with kill
ing Hoey Goom. during the highbinder
war in November, to-day returned a ver-
diet finding the defendant guilty of mur
der in the first degree and fixing: the pun
ishment at life imprisonment. The trial
of Jew Wing, his accomplice .in the crime,
will begin next Monday.
DEMOCRATS MAY
GO TO FRANKFORT
Kentucky Situation Is
Clearing.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Feb. 13.— The first
sign of a break in the Democratic lines
was noticeable to-day. It came In the
shape of a resolution offered by Senator
TripleU. providing that upon adjourn
ment on Thursday the Legislature name
Frankfort «s.its next meeting place.
While no action was taken on the resolu
tion to-day, it is Lolieved to foreshadow
a return of the Democratic legislators to
the State House toon, possibly by the
end of the w«*-k. This action probably
will tx? taken when a report is received
from the committee tent to Frankfort to
investigate as to the presence of mJutla
or armed men around the Capitol and the
advisability of resuming sessions at the
usual meeting place. This is rendered
more likely , as the defection occurred in
the Senate. wh»re the Democrats have a
bare workirjr quorum.
With the resumption of legislative busi
ness at Frankfort in prospect and the
transfer to the courts of the claims 01
the rival Governors, as seems likely to be
brought about within a few days, the
clouds are rapidly lifting, and it is be
lieved normal t»olitical conditions may be
restored in the State in two or three
•nek* That much time at least will be
required to secure the adjudication of the
iFSUfes between the parties. If the Fed
eral court* decide they have Jurisdiction
it will taVe much longer.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Feb. 13.— Another
<!ay of extreme quiet passed here, there
being no development? ;n the political Fit
uation from »-!ther eide. The eyes of the
leaden? on both sides are on Cincinnati.
where Judge Taft of the Federal Court
will return a decision to-morrow on the
question whether the Federal courts have
Jurisdiction in the contest cases.
JOE ROSE
WARNED OFF
THE TRACK
Can Book No More at Oak
land—Conley and Tim Mur
phy Also Punished.
At a meeting held last evening by the
board' of stewards of the California
Jockey Club Bookmaker- 1 Joe Rose was
warned off the Oakland course. On Feb
ruary 7 in a mile and a sixteenth race de
cided at the track over the bay Red Pi
rate, ridden by Conley, and an 8 to 1 shot,
made a very poor showing, finishing far
outside of the money. Conley was sus
pended, and as Bookmaker Rose had laid
heavily against the horse he was cited to
appear before the stewards. Mr. Rose
failed to put in an appearance, which
caused the stated action to be taken. Con
ley was placed on the indefinitely sus
pended list. , , ,
The stewards meted out a like punish
ment to Tim Murphy, the well-known
bookmaker and turf correspondent. Mur
phy openly charged Jenkins with pulling
the two-year-old. Count Hubert, when,
that youngster finished third in a race, to
Laura Marie and Corn Cakes.
At his next start Count Hubert "won a
block." and Murphy felt the justification
of his statement. The stewards, how
ever, decided that he had failed to sub
stantiate his charge and warned him off
the course.
Among other matters taken up was that
of W. Narvaez, suspended for a sus
picious-loking ride on Choteau. He had
neglected to attend a previous meeting
when requested to do so, arid now stands
Indefinitely suspended. Cash Sloan was
present, but the suspension against him
was not lifted. >
YOUNQ PETER JACKSON.
YOUNG PETER JACKSON.
LANKY BOB
ISSUES HIS
DEFIANCE
Prefers to Fight Jeffries, but
Bars None of the Top-
Notchers.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— 80b Fltzslm
mons to-day posted $5000 with the sport
ing editor of the New York Journal as a
forfeit to bind another match with Jim
Jeffries, and issued an open challenge to
meet any fighter in the world. The ex
champion said that his money would re
main up under the following conditions:
To give Jeffries first chance, providing he
would sifrn articles now.
"I don't care when the fight will take
place," said Fitzslmmons. "All I want
to. know Is that Jeffries means business.
If Jeffries does' not show any desire to
meet me and cover my money within one
week I will take on Sharkey.- But tho
fight with the sailor must be for a side
bet and the winner to ¦ take all. I will
meet Jeffries under the same conditions.
If Sharkey Is not prepared to come to
terms, McCoy or any middle-weight can
have a match with me."-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE_TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
j"ree trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mer.tai a- J
Physical suffering of lost manhood ttat
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who writ*, le
la a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back.
varicocele or emaciation of parts caa now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where !t la neede-i
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to th»
State Medical Institute. 323 Elektroa
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unabl© to
leave borne to be treated, '•nd the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness whe.T
the proper remedies are employed. Th«
Institute makes no restrictions. Any rr.an
who writes will IO sent a free sampJe.
carefuly sealed In plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* axa
requested to write without delay.
I do cot beliere tlxero
£$*£j*3*SK is a case cf dya^j-
ifl=?M«BJHSLa sia, indigestion cr
H^*^m ftn 7 stomach troublo
TP* J*vi *k at canaot bo ro-
T*» lieved at ones end
tQ &£??%!?&& permanent!? 1 crrfnl
V F4JT *>7 °7 DYSPEPSIA
tf^^w-^--n At a!i drujr>*»,
»rW^*BpawSBr; to Health and ciedi-
\. I P*^ cal advice free. 1505
. '} C- Arch street. PhHa.
ggPpROPTDRE
¦WHEN w» ear "RUPTURE CUREiy w*
mean It. for It Is a fact that thousands of caret
hay« been accomplished by Dr. Pierce' a Worid-
renowsec! ELECTRIC TRUSS during tha pa.it
twenty-five rears. There is nothing else l(k« it
on earth! It does the work! Bare received •<•»
many letters and testimonials that we. hardiy
know what to do with them all. If ruptured ln-
?estlxata at one*. Our prices ara reasonable,
but sot cheap. Ti mak* no discounts. ~Dr.
Plerca's" is THE truss, and 70a canaot b«
happy tin yoa ret it.
Yoa can get our "BOOKLET No. I** for noth-
ing 1 by calling at th* office, or It will be sent tr>
you on receipt of a Z-cent stamp. It tells all
aboat this TRUSS. Addms
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS GO,,
<3O Market street. SAX FRANCISCO.
es Trtbnne buildlnc. NEW YORK.
J visit OR, JORDAN'S great i
IHUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ Cj The Largest Anatomical Maiemmfn tie \
9 JltWtt, World. V> eiMfiM tr Any cenmctsd J
jEsSSO diiejwe Bwmitivaly cared By the okkat T
9 ISsi SpecuUueaUM Coast. Eit 36 y-srv 0
£ »53e:« OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE CiSEASES 4
6 ft BW3 Trt inr.en. personal. y <t by Irttrr. A g
\H W «II /w * £w«in etery ca,euaJrr:i*ea. \
iff II& Write for Book. PniLOSOrnTtli
I" fl W* ¦»««U6K. HAUJD FIU. iJi f
fDE JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. a F. 9
•^.^¦^¦^.¦^.^.¦^.^.^¦^•s^^a
fl*J VZ^CfW ML wA Tff HUF 4t**a \~lj
gJW^ <y^^aa aagsSsV \3l. Sn Wm |\j}^
B^B flßn E KS&9 iH _s^T*i vZIW^J
H A B lot CwnB H IkjFl n y*^ H
¦sTT M EEI Wffri Xl attn H i U SJ
m-^n^&Jri sfTCTLj~LirJij ftJpji.i!9
DR.PIERCES ]
GOIDEW
v . MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOP,LBVER.i.UMGg;
•»» — _ CHJCHMTCR'S ENGLISH
PfHNYROYAI PILLS
A<JV^i. f« cmcutsTtats X9KUUgn
J2k S— " «T J »HhWue rtbb»ii. Tikrnoothtr. Krfixa
T?7 "2> *3j »•««•*•¦• -uh«ti»i:tK.n, aaj l.nla-
lit W *••¦•• B"7B "7 »t yoor PragfiM. ™ iri'l 4e. '¦
IX » *"?£•„*.' P«rtl<mlmr«. Te.tlmantal*
\v*v f? %aA ReUerf«rL«d !«•."» i«««r, t>j r*.
-A^_V.A' _ tmrmMall. 1 A.ttMO Tntißnnisl*. Sold by
m^hZTo,' Dra «« l »«»- " Chl«h«.t«r (tirm>»l C*.
M«ntl»a lM» g>pw . Umiltom PUt^A.. fH
ZJjj^Ja&i* INJECTION. |
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
S of the Tnort obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
I J and Gleet, cnaranteed .In from 3 to 6 5
<[ days; nc ctner .treatment required. S
111 1 Sold by all drnp^ists. ¦ S
NEW WESTERN MOTEL.
KKARXT A?»D VTASIirXGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINGr. WARD j*
CO. European plan. Rooms, iOc to jl id Cx/,
ti to U week; IS to £0 month. Fre« batas; hot
and cold water every room; flro grates la «T<rj
room; elevator runs all Eight.
HUNDREDS OF NAMES
ON CLARK'S PAYROLL
Millionaire Had an Army of Assistants While
Making His Fight for the United
States Senate.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13— The Senate
Cornmitre^ on Prfvlles;«>« and Klections to
day concluded Its hearing of NeUl in the
Clark investigation, and also heard Wil
liam McDermott. another of the close
friends and stanch supporters of Senator
Clark, in his contest for the Senate be
fore the Montana Legislature last winter.
Probably the most interesting testimony
of th«i day was a statement made by Mc-
Prrm<->:t to the effect that Clark had
ma.J* him a present of SSOW after his
election to the Senate to pay McDonald
for his pf>rvic*e in the contest. He also
testified that he had expended about
$22,009 in the legislative and Senatorial
elections.
In his cross-examination Editor XeiU of
Helena, speaking of Attorney General
Nolan's transcript of his testimony be
fore the Lewis ar.d Clark County Grand
Jury, declared that it was colored
throughout. He rave an Instance in
which he was quoted as saying that he
did tiot know that any money was cor
ruptly spent.
•'I believe the word 'corruptly.' ne
EaM, "was intentionally left out."
"Has Mr. Clark a mortgage for $3,000
on the Helena Independent?" asked
Faulkner.
"He has a mortgage for $24,600, and 1
pay him his interest regularly." respend-
Charles Ralph Jacobs, a carpenter frorr.
Butte. testified to a conversation whicn
he had with G. C. Cason. a witness Tor
the prosecution. He had, he ?aid. gone to
CaKon's office when the latter a^ked him
If he wact«d to make "some easy money.
"I replied." *aid the witness, "that
there was no one more inclined to maKe
easy mon«»y than mywlf. He then told
me "that all I had to do was to go to the
Daly people. Jell them a story and get
ray money. He said: 'They gave me
fs<>o for my testimony and you might as
w*il get some of it. He then eaid he
would go to the other side and see what
he -could do." " . ,
The witness also paid that Cason had
referred h'.m to Campbell. He further
sMited that he had come voluntarily to
expose Cason. having teen hi? testimony
before this committee in the Montana
papers He ha«i not wanted to see Clark
-done up." the latter being a friend of
At the efternoon session Witness Mc-
Dfrmott said that Just prinr to the meet
ing of the Legislature State Senator
Clark of Madison County had told him In
B<ckforo"s office that he meant to vote
for Clark for the L-nited States Senate,
and that he believed others of the Madi
son County delegation would do the same.
McDermott said h* had been present at
frequent consultations of Clark s friends.,
but he had never heard of the corrupt use
of money In Clark's interest ment.ontd
and knew of no corrupt use of mon^y in
Clark's interest. ' , ...^
The witness said he had spent JIo.OM or
$16 000 in Clark's interest in the legislative
campaign, and that C. \V. Clark the Sen
ator's son, bad given him this monjy.
After the State election he had experu.od
$5000 or $6000. which had l come from O. \i.
Clark and Wellcome. This, he said he
had paid to every, Tom, Dick and Harry
who asked him for it— to 75 or 100 persons.
more or less. He had kept a correct ac
count of all his expenditures, but had rot
been able to find his books. All told, he
was very sure that he had not handled to
exceed $22,000 during the campaign.. In
cluding both the legislative campaign and
the Senatorial contest. When he wanted
money he would go to the bank -nd eet
it; the understanding was that Char'.ie
Clark was to keep the money tner? to
meet these demands.
Asked the purpose of the committee or
which he was a member. McDermott s&l 1
it was that ff "preventing Daly from
controlling the State. If the Dalyites were
for fusion we were against it: if they *vere
against fusion we were for it— anything
to beat Daly." , ':' ¦/¦". ' ¦". ""-
Giving a list of men to whom he had
paid money In Helena. McDermott men
tioned a man named Johnson, who was,
he paid, an expert on keeping a check on
Euch matters.
"We had him quite busy for a tlm*
watching you (speaking to Campbell) and
Mr. Whiteside. He got only $400 or 5">OC,
but that service was worth more."
All told he thought there were 300- or
400 men In Helena working for Clark dur
ing the Senatorial contest. Their princi
pal business was to protect members of
the Legislature from intimidation by the
Daly people. All of them were not, how
ever, under pay.
"Who were these terrible intimidntnrs
that you have told us about?" asked
Campbell. > "
"I don't know but that .you were one of
them." responded McDermott.
Senator Chandler asked: "What com
pensation did you get for your services?"
"It was not my intention to take any
thing, but I did get a present of $0000 after
the Senatorial election."
"Who gave It to you?"
"W. A. Clark. He sent m<? » check for
the money. I tried to get hirr, to take it
back, but he refused and I put it tn my
bank to my account." =«.- -; • . ;
Speaking of the election in Butte Mr.
McDcrmott said he had secured 100 affi
davits-from persons registered from va
cant lots and forty from one room. Yet
he had torn them up and had made no
complaint before a Justice of the Peace
because there was no Justice the;-* that
he had confidence in.
JACK O'BRIEN TO FACE JACKSON, THE
COLORED HERCULES, IN A LIMITED BOUT
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDXESDAYy FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
WOMEN ARGUE THE
SUFFRAGE QUESTION
Congressional Committees Hear a Debate
Between Rival Delegations of the
Fair Sex.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13--The Senate
Committee on Woman Suffrage gave i
hearing to-day to d*lejpatlons from the
woman suffrage cravc.iion and the ant
suffragists, = u«raglsts were Intro
duced by M.-5 Susan B. Anthony. Mrs,
Clara B. Coi:>y reviewed the work done
before the Congress in the way of peti
tions presented and bills introduced. She
said that progress had been made eaci
year.
Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery read a P a F er
prepared by a woman who had twice
been elected Mayor of a Kansas town.
This described in detail what had been
accomplished in the way of municipal re
form in Kansas, and Indicated that there
had been a purification of ra^^l.*-"
fairs since suffrage to women had been
B M?if d ilary C. Bradford of Denver read
a paper upon the effects of popula* slf
frage in Colorado. She noted the Im
provement of conditions at the P°»*-
There had been a higher standard of can
didates for public office. The ™» en * op
en had improved themselves. There were
30,000 more women voters . In Colorado
1 Mrs. m Harriet Stanton Black the , da "^"
ter of Mrs. Klizabeth Cady Stanton,
spoke on the conditions in Eng 'and.
Mrs. Chapman CattspoKe In vigorous
manner concerning the » uff "^ e '°T£T
ment. referring especially to the general
advance that women had made in tne ten
lU s[s J s U Amh°o S ny e clo Bed8 ed the argument for
the suffragists. She recited the mn.
paigns that had been fought and declar-d
that where there had been failure it was
due to the foreign-born voters. This, al
lied to the liquor Interests, had {succeeded
in defeating amendments granting equal
rl Mrs" Dodif'wa"' then recognized to pre
sent the Bide of the anti-suffragists. She
read a letter sicned by the State associa
tions opposed to the extension of suftra?^
to women. It was a general arguaaei t
against the question and concluded as fol
lows:
We know that wonw ar* physically unable
to p«-rfcrrn he duties which men are compelled
to perform under every well regulated Govern
ment The enforcement of law Involves not
only the performance of Jury duty, but as a
last emergency, the employment of military
force, in neither of which can women dis
charge the responsibility of actual wrvice.
The word chaos alone gives adequate expres
sion to the state of affairs which would have
existed in Kentucky if the women as well as
NOT FAVORABLE
TO IMPERIALISM
Address by Officer of
Dewey's Flagship.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 13.—
Lieutenant C. G. Calkins of the United
States navy, who wa3 navigating officer
on board Admiral Dewey's flagship Olym
pia at the battle of Manila, spoke here
to-night on the subject. "Cromwell's
Quest for Empire."
The speaker traced the futile attempts
of England and Spain to. colonize In tropic
lands, showing that the defense of remote
islands divided and weakened the naval
forces of those two great nations.
"For th.c burdens imposed upon the tax
payers by excessive armament, he said,
r 'commerce rendered a doubtful equiva
lent but no balance sheet can demon
strate social or political advantage to a
country where men are worth more man
slaves and commonwealths are better
than factories.' When Massachusetts re
mained deaf to Cromwell' 3 summons for
troops to aid in the field of speculative
adventure she counted homes and liberties
of greater worth than his design to strive
for the mastery of tropical islands and
her perpetuity was assured. Because she
has refused to send her children to lands
where they cannot preserve their char
acter or plant her Institutions California
Is now a free commonwealth^ Instead of
a crown colony like Jamaica."
HOTEL AT NEVADA CITY
DESTROYED BY FIRE
No lives "Were Lost and Fortunately
' Most of the Quests Saved Th.eir
Property.
NEVADA. CaL, Feb. 13.— Fire brok© out
at half-past 6 o'clock this evening In the
attic of the Union Hotel, and within an
hour the building was practically ruined.
It was one of the largest hotels tn North
ern Central California, being three stories
high and containing one hundred rooms.
The flames swept through the attic and
quickly burst from the roof and sides in
many places. The volunteer fir© depart
ment had ten powerful streams of water
playing fifteen minutes after the first
alarm and stopped the flames from com
ing below the third story, although it
was necessary to flood the whole interior
to accomplish this. Most of the furniture
was saved, and but few guests lost any
thing. The total loss on the property Is
nearly $20,000 and the Insurance about
$10.00). The Citizens' Bank has held a
mortgage on It for many years, and it has
been' conducted under various- manage
ments. Henry Metzenbaugner has been
manager the past six months and had
built up a large and profitable business.
th- men ha* b~n romiJdWl to ***•»**?*£¦
unhappy controversy which has eonvutsM t.-iat
Ptat-. and might hat' 'Btangied the C*ner*l
Oovornment In its solution.
Miss Blsscll of Delaware declared t hat
wh*re there were thousands .of women
who wanted to vote th»re were millions
who did not want the baljot.
At the conclusion of th* h*"ann?r Sevens
the Senate committee both sides appeared
before the House Committee on Judiciary;
After the hearing had proce*d«i for some
time sharp differences devf loped between
the two sides, ar.d in order to avoM a con
troversy the committee adjourned.
4
«^. /?OUKG PETER JACKSON., the col
¦¦ytf ored boxer, flies a* big game to
1 night In the arena at Woodward's
Pavilion when he matches his
prowess against that -of "Jack" O'Brien.
Both men have paid particular attention
to. their training and are pronounced in
the best possible condition. O'Brien
opened a strong favorite in the betting,
as good" as 10 to 7 being offered when
wagering commenced. The adherents of
the colored ; Hercules took all the money
offered and the betting at Harry Corbett's
closed last 'night at even money. O'Brien
i 3 conceded to be the cleverer boxer, but
his opponent is immensely powerful and
is credited with being -able to withstand
punishment. He is not so fast a boxer,
but his other qualifications should make
up for this and the result should be a
lively bout. > "Jack" Kitchen of Oakland,
an amateur boxer of marked ability, will
referee the three bouts which go to make
up the card. In the preliminaries "Doc"
Flynn will meet "Jimmle" Rellly, while
Toby Irwin and "Jack" McMahon will
also box ten rounds. The illustrations
are from photographs by Bushnell. <JlO.OOO. which has been assigned to E. D
Morgan. In addition to this suit the bank
has sued the firm in the Superior Court to
recover on several notes. The interests of
the creditors have been placed In the
hands of Attorney. P. E. Towne of Lloyd
& "Wood.
The failure It Is expected will be com
plete. The cause assigned Is a depression
in the business of the firm, although how
it succeeded in getting legitimately so
deeply In debt will be made a subject of
inquiry. The books and accounts of the
firm will be* demanded for examination
when the case comes up for hearing In
the United States District Court. Allison
& Co. dealt heavily in cereals and vege
tables, but not larrely in fruits. The firm
was one of the oldest commission houses
In the city and the elder Allison has occu
pied for many years a position of promi
nence In San Francisco.
To Consolidate Four Classes.
The Board of Education held a secret
conference yesterday afternoon at which
Superintendent Webster and the princi
pals of the Sutro and Richmond schools
were present for the purpose of effecting
consolidation of classes, wherever found
necessary. As a result of their delibera
tions It was decided to consolidate out
one class each In the Sutro, Richmond,
Rlncon and Park schools. Resolutions to
that effect will be passed at this morn-
Ing's meeting of the board. It Is under
stood that tne teachers consolidated out
will be provided for In other schools.
| HOME STUDY COURSE. +
? lI.—TWENTY LESSONS IN ?
«¦ french con versa- ?
? tion. ;?
.f Published Tuesdays in The -f
•?- Lan Francisco Call. Begin- "f
+ nlng Tuesday, February 20, ~f
ieoo. -f
The Paris Exposition Is sure to
attract thousands of Americans.
In anticipation of this. The' Call
has arranged a course of "twen-
ty lessons In French conversa-
tion," prepared specially fcr
Americans who have no knowl-
edge of the language.' by Profes-
sor Benno Klrschbaum, a dis-
tinguished French scholar and
teacher. All readers of The Call
who wish to make a beginning In ,
French conversation will find it
to their advantage to follow these
studies. The ability to use ten
French words "to the point" will
help to make "touring" easier,
and a working vocabulary of one
hundred words will surely cover
.: up a multitude • 0f ... embarrass-
ments. Professor Klrschbaum has
conducted European parties and is
thoroughly familiar with the in-
itial language needs of. an Amer-~
lean in Paris.
COURT NOTES.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Frank P. Rose against Josephine L. Rose
for desertion, Alice' M. M. Fuller agnlnst
W. W. Fuller for desertion and Came M.
Crouch against > Benjamin F. Crouch for
cruelty.
Thomas Torpey, a pioneer, residing at
H52 Fifteenth streej, filed suit against his
wlfe,.Honora Torpey, yesterday for main
tenance. Plaintiff says he Is physically
incapacitated from earning a living, and
as his wife has money he seeks to compel
her to contribute toward his support. .
GILBERT AND SULLIVAN'S
tuneful and ever popular opera,
"Pinafore," will be presented on
Friday evening 1 In Native Sons'
Hall by the Sacred Heart Parish
Opera Club for the benefit of the par
ish of Novato, Marin County, of which
Father Byrne la the pastor.
The amateurs who are to appear in
the opera are all gifted with excellent
voices and have frequently appeared
in concerts and benefit performances.
Two months ago "Pinafore" was sung
by the opera club and its members
scored a tremendous succes-. They
will repeat their efforts on Friday
evening next and the proceeds will be
handed over to Father Byrne for use
in his great work in his parish at
Novato. The Catholic clergy and the
laity of this city are aiding the good
cause and there is every likelihood
that a large audience will attend the
second performance. The cast will be:
Admiral Sir Joseph Porter, Howard
Dumaont; Captain Corcoran, Will Ja
cobs; Ralph Rackstraw, Al Nowlan;
Dick Deadeye, Dennis Sheerin; boat-
TWO SINGERS WHO "WILL AS
SUME IMPORTANT ROLES.
swain, James Magulre; boatswain's
mate, William A. Breen; Little But
tercup, Kittle G. Allen; Cousin Hebe,
Emma Nicolai; Josephine, Etta Walsh.
The chorus will be very largo and is
well trained.
PRESTON EXPECTED TO
ARRIVE HERE TO-DAY
AGENT OF NATIONAL CREDIT
ASSOCIATION.
He May Call a Meeting of City Mer
chants During the Present
Week.
W. H. PRESTON.
"W. H. Preston will arrive In this city
to-day, according to a letter received yes
terday, for the purpose of persuading the
merchants of the city to Join the National
Association of Credit Men. The general
aims of the association have been already
mentioned. Mr. Preston has taken pains
to declare that the . association is not a
collection agency, nor is It standing back
of any commercial agency, nor is it pro
posed to establish any reporting agency.
"We are," so Mr. Preston has written,
"in favor of perfecting such service and
we notice improvements since we began
to -work."
That is the key to Mr. Preston's visit to
the cities of the Pacific coast so far as it
can be ascertained prior to his arrival
here. He has also written that the move
ment is in the interest of the fraternal re
lations among the members of the asso
ciation which will lead to united action
against fraudulent debtors. There are
funds among the Eastern associations
that are enrolled in the National Asso
ciation which are held for the purpose of
prosecuting fraudulent debtors. The value
of the fund, so Mr. Preston claims, is
mainly in Its moral effect, for It menaces
fraud and. perhaps, prevents fraud. The
National Association at Its recent meet
ing at Buffalo adopted plans for the rais
ing of a permanent fund for tho prosecu
tion of fraudulent debtors. These facts
are gained from advanced literature sent
forward by the National Association to
pave the way for Mr. Preston. One lead
ing purpose Is announced to be "the pro
tection of the mercantile community
against fraudulently acquired stocks en
tering into competition with goods that
are honestly owned." This indicates a
system by which complete knowledge of
the current Indebtedness of all houses do
ing business with the members of the Na
tional Association Is always to be had.
Very likely a metting of the merchants
•will be held the latter part of this week.
NEW LICENSE ORDERS
NOW BEING PREPARED
RESTAURANTS AND JTJNK DEAL
ERS MUST PAY.
Tax Collector Scott and His Deputies
Revising Ordinances to Comply
With Charter Provisions.
.In the revision of the license ordinances
now being accomplished by Tax Collector
Scott and his deputies for presentation to
the License and Orders Committee of the
Board of Supervisors at their meeting t"
day at least two new ordinances will br>
adopted covering business concerns that
have heretofore been exempt from li
censes. The first ordinance is Intended \n
compel all restaurants which serve wine
or liquors with meals to pay a liquor li
cense of $10 a quarter. The rough draft
of the order, which is now in course of
preparation, is as follows:
Every person, who conducts a bona-flde res
taurant, who sells or « furnishes malt or fer
mented liquors or wines in bottles in quantities
not less than one pint, said liquors or wines
to be served with a meal and drunk on the
premises, shall be designated as a "restaurant
reta-il liquor dealer" and shall pay a license of
$10 Der cuarter.
The second order which Tax Collector
Scott has under consideration will affect
Junk dealers and dealers In second-hand
goods, who also have hitherto escaped the
payment of licenses, and they will in the
future pay $8, $0 and $4 per quarter, ac
cording to the amount of business -lone.
The order reads as follows:
All persons, firms or corporations emraued in
the business of buying, selling or exchanging
Junk or second-hand goods, such as furniture,
merchandise, medicines, wares. Jewelry, etc.,
shall pay a license, after procuring a permit
from the Chief of PoMre. as follows: For sales
aggregating $10,000 per nuarter and over, $3 per
quarter; over $5000 and les« than $10,000, $6 per
quarter; less than $5000. $4 per quarter.
The liquor license order will read as fol
lows to conform to the charter require
ments:
Every person who sells spirituous, malt or
fermented liquors or wines Ir. quantities less
than one quart shall be designated as a "re
tall liquor dealer," and shall pay license as
follows: Those making sales to the amount
of $5000 and over, $35 per quarter; less than
JOCCO, $21 per quarter, for which the written con
sent of a majority of the Hoard of Police Com
missioners must be obtained.
CONTROL OF EXPENDITURES.
Health Board Has Exclusive Power
Over Its Departments.
City Attorney Lane yesterday filed an
opinion with the Board of Supervisors
defining its powers under the charter In
the matter of expenditures in the Health
Department. Mr. Lane holds that the
board has exclusive control and disposi
tion of all expenditures necessary in the
institutions under its immediate control
excepting as to supplies furnished und<=-r
contract. The appropriation therefore is
part of the general fund.
Regarding tho appointment of em
ployes, they must be limited to those who.
together with the other creditors of the
department, can be paid out of the appro
priation, except with the possible excep
tion of emergencies. The Board of Health
has power to appoint all necessary <'m
ployes subject to this restriction and the
provisions of civil service. . ¦
All o<mands or. the treasury originating
in the Health Department, excepting thos^
for salaries, mus-t receive the approval of
the Board of Supervisors, which Is re
quired to approve the demands.
merce and hold forth for a week, permis
sion to use the apartments having been
granted yesterday by the directors of the
chamber.
CITY TO HAVE
DARK STREETS
UNTIL JULY
Finance Committee So
Decides.
WILL EFFECT LARGE SAVING
SWEEPING SCHEDULE IS RE
DUCED BY ONE DAY. .
Radical Measures Are Adopted to Be
lieve the Financial Stringency
of the Various Muni
cipal Funds.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday decided to recommend that the
street lamps be unllghted from March 1
to July 1, which will effect a saving of
$80,000, to be applied to making up the de
ficiency with which the city is now con
fronted. The recommendation will also be
made that one day in each week be taken
off the street sweeping schedule, which
will make the sum of $15,000 available.
Chairman Jennings stated that the Board
of Public Works would have a surplus
of $40,000, and the $10,000 for Trocadero
Canyon could also be utilized and the de
ficiency would be In a great measure
wiped out.
Supervisor Tobin suggested that the
Free Library be closed for the next four
months', but it was ascertained that the
money could not b_e used for any other
purpose and the plan was abandoned.
The prospective surplus of $30,000 In the
school fund is in the same category as
the library fund, but a way may be found
to use the money to pay salaries for the
month of June.
The opinion of the City Attor
ney to the effect that the Board of
Supervisors has no control over the
expenditures of the Board of Health was
read, and caused considerable unfavora
ble comment. The committee maintains
that It has the power to determine the
legality of all demands presented. Super
visor Tobin suggested that the appropria
tion of $35,000. which was granted the
Health Department at the last meeting
of the board, be reduced as a further
measure of economy, but no action was
taken.
The committee also decided to In
crease the number of days from one to
two each week when streets shall not be
swept, If the exigencies of the city's finan
cial tangle demand it.
Secretary Painter of the North Cen
tral Improvement Association addressed
the committee and requested that elec
tions be held for the issuance of bonds
to pave all accepted streets. The amount
Involved Is about $500,000. but Mr. Painter
is more particularly Interested In the
downtown district. The request met with
little favor, and Mr. Tobin tersely closed
the discussion by remarking:
"I beHeve that the citizens are so sick
of the bond proposition that any new
measures in that line would meet with
lgnominous defeat."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
EXTRAVAGANZA
DOES THE TRICK
THE Morosco Company hap drawn a
prize In the lottery of public favor
with "Aladdin Jr.," now In Its second
week. and the Grand Opera-house has
come to its own ag-aln in the matter of
larpe audiences. All this is because comic
orx-ra has been retired for the nonce and
extravaganza Riven the call.
"Aladdin" Is proving a much greater
fuccpss than Its sister burlesque "Sinbad,"
althoujrh in the original Henderson pro
ductions the !a.tter was the better money
gutter of the two. This was largely due
to the fact that Eddie Foy. who was in
'•Sinbad" and not in "Aladdin," was then
at the height of his popularity; but the
reversal of form at the Grand may be
properly attributed to the fickleness of the
public, which always has been and ever
will be the decpair nf theatrical managers.
As a matter of fact, there is plenty of
reason for the preference given to "Alad
din." whi^h we find winning out so han
dily when not handicapped by the stellar
effulgence of Mr. Foy. It has rather more
meaning than most of Its kind and a tre
mendous advantage on the picturesque
elde. The costumes have a Chinese oddity
and abundance of color and are admirably
get off by Frank King's gaudy scenery.
Some of the scenes are vivid In color,
particularly one, wherein thirty odd young
•women in kimonos, each with a paper lan
tern on her head, go through some of
Mr. Jones' most ingenuously Intricate
evolutions. It is a pity that the effect
should be j-polled by the intrusion of a
pale blue and dark lavender frock contain
ing a little girl by the name of Sorensen.
One might forgive her parents the blue
and lavender frock If they had trained
their young one In some other branch of
the light fantastic art than what has
come to be known as "toe dancing."
These feats of the feet are permissible
In the orthodox ballet, which they be
come, but j!g? and cakewalks on the toes
are as hostile to grace as a pair of cor
sets. There are a number of specialties,
some of which are contributed by mem
ber* of the company. The principals are
not called upon for much hard work, but
most of them succeed in being amusing.
Mr. Wolt makes a decided hit with
"Moses I>evl Cohn." and Mr. Persse. who
essays comedy, succeeds in a modest way
In being' far funnier than Mr. Wooley,
who, I believe, is the accredited come
dian of the company. If I am not mis
taken Wooley was really amusing in one
part, but I have forgotten what It was.
It must have been something serious.
The Boptonians' production of the new
opera "The Viceroy" Is now In Improved
shape and the performance this evecihj?
will be over by 11 o'clock. The produc
tion now goes with a vim and dash. It
will hold the boards all this week and on
Tuesday and Friday of next week. N>xt
Monday and Thursday nights are to bo
devoted to "The Serenade." "Ilob'n
Hood" Is announced for Wednesday and
Saturday nights and Saturday matinee of
next week. Seats for next week •will be
ready to-morrow morning and a ruah is
expected. PO RTER GARXETT.
There are scores of places In this coun-
try where only one mall comes every
fourteen days.
The Oregron Federation , of 'Women's
Clubs Is making plans to establish frea
public lbirarlea throughout tho Stata.
Common whisk y Is a curse— the Old
Government Is a blesslnir. •
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
Francisco-Drawing February 10. 1900.
No. 60902 wins $7500, » 501d in San Francisco;
No. 21923 wins $2000, sold in Oakland, Cal.; No.
E5904 wins $1000, sold in San Francisco; No. 58566
wins $300. sold In San Francisco; Nob. 31676 and
5294 X *ach win $250, sold In Portland. Or., and
San Francisco, „ Cal. ; Nos. 11066, 41176, 49601,
64784. 82354 each .win $100, sold in San Francisco
and Grass Valley. Cal.
Grand Jury to Investigate Kilpatrick.
Auditor Wells has decided to call the
atttention of the Grand Jury to the threat
of E. C. Kilpatrick, principal of the Busi
ness Evening School, to expose an alleged
misappropriation of $80,000 in the Auditor's
office unless his salary demands for $1200
are audited immediately. The specific
charges to'be brought against Kilpatrick
will be for attempting to extort . money
and Intimidating a public official
Noonday Religious Meetings.
Every year for several years past the
Brotherhood of St. Andrew has held relig
ious gatherin&s in the rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce and the attendance
was so large that it has been decided to
continue to conduct the same as often as
practical. The object Is to draw the
minds of business men from their pur
suits of gain to religious thoughts, and
to do this it Is necessary to go into the
business centers, as those in the merchant
claes fcave no time to. go far away. This
year the brotherhood will open the mcet
is£s on <4prll 2 In the Chamber of Com-
Extension of Pound Limits.
The Brewers' Protective Association
yesterday filed : a protest with the Honml
of Supervisors against the proposed ex
tension of the pound limits from its pres
ent line to the line of this city and coun
ty, for the reason that the area waich
•would be included In the territory covered
by such extension is In an entirely rural
state, and that no benefit to the city
government could inure therefrom.
Young America.
Every boy In this city can wear new
6hoes— looo pairs for only 85c a pair, at the
eale of Ehoes, 717 Market street. ' •
Canton and Drill Corps.
Xext Friday evening Canton San Fran
cisco of the Patriarchs Militant anJ San
Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps, No. 2, I.
O. O. F., will entertain their many
friends in Odd 'Fellows' Hall with a
vaudeville show by professional talent to
be followed by a comedietta under the
direction of Kenneth McLeod, the enter
tainment to conclude with dancing.
AILISON COMPANY FAILS.
Creditors Have Petitioned to Force
the Old Commission House Into
Involuntary Insolvency.
The old-time commission house of D. E.
Allison Company has been forced to the
wall by Us creditors, and yesterday a
petition asking that the firm be declared
bankrupt was filed in the United States
District Court. This petition will be set
to-day for hearing and it is expected that
some interesting developments will be
made The firm has been In financial
stralt3 for some time, and in December
claims aggregating $1900 were paid to two
preferred . creditors, who happened to be
sons of D. E. Allison.
The chief creditor of the flnn Is the
Crocker- Woolworth Bank, at whose direc
tion the suit to force the firm Into invol
untary insolvency was filed. The D. E.
Allison Company owes the bank about
Alameda Musicians Organize.
Steps have been taken to organize a
musicians' union in Alameda. A meeting
was held in this city last Sunday which
was largely attended by musicians from
across the bay. the object being to organ
ize a union In that county on the same
lines as the one now existing in San Fran
cisco. The union will be known as the
Pacific Coast . Musicians' Union No. 2
(Local) of Alameda County.
WAS NOT POISONED.
I>eath. of Frederick Claus Caused by
an Attack of Pneumonia.
City Chemist Green reported to Coroner
Cole yesterday afternoon that he had
completed his analysis of the contents of
the stomach of Frederick Claus, the
youns machinist who died on the 11th of
this month, and found no traces of poison
In It. It la therefore evident that Claus'
death was brought about by natural
causes.
Dr. Leland, the Morgue surgeon, found
that the deceased had been suffering with
pneumonia, but did not think that the
disease was of sufficient advancement to
have fatal results. There were, however,
no other evidences of the cause of death,
and the report of the chemist must be
taken as settling the point conclusively
that the deceased came to his death from
natural causes.
MR. AND MRS. HERTEN
HONORED BY FRIENDS
Mission Turn Vereln gave a surprise
party last evening to Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Herten in honor of the twenty-flfth an
niversary of their wedding. Over two
hundred members of the Vereln and
frif-nds of Mr. and \irs. Herten had
gathered at Turn Hall, Eighteenth street,
when word was nent to the couple at their,
home. J935 Howard street, that they wore
wanted. The occasion for the demonstra
tion did not dawn upon them until they
reached the hail and received the con
gratulations of the crowd that had
gathered there.
Mr. and Mrs. Herten were married at
Omaha. Nebr.. February 13, 1875. Shortly
after their •weddinp - they came to San
Francisco and made their home in the
Mission, where they have since resided.
A feature of the affair last evenlnp was
a mock marriage in which Mr. and Mrs.
Herten were the principal participants,
with Henry Marat as master of cere
monies. A wedding banquet followed and
a social dance closed the festivities of
the evening. Mr. and Mrs. Herten were
the. recipients of many handsome pres
ents.
M°nW- •* fiohlcnSnleßikzaar. "s » i
Sfi a. Switch. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE $3-50 each. <|
/ i
Daily, by express, new Spring {Millinery— -out-of-town 5
milliners welcome to inspect. J J
Wednesday Only. Wednesday Only. ~\
Tinware Specials. Men's 50c j
«-<«- NigM Shirts 3BOm \
\C^ \ V*~M& Bright 3o dozen Men's Night Shirts, all regular y
*£¦> • -M^Mp "-'sheh c B i ze ?» made of heavy white cotton, cut A
a §|r i-Wl ty\ J^U one-gallon long and full, double stitched 3eam3 •*
| igLV <^S": '" .Jljb 3 * z -' BO d an< * gusseted, silk feather stitching "«g
y^la j^fe- '^STi regularly on collars and cu!T3, wide embroidered jt
C**^ ""v§l£ !;§/ > 25c— spe- fronts in colow, pearl buttons, they J
- i ?~~ ""^ cial for are onr regular incomparable 50c gar- \
this day only 12c ment— on special sale to-day only^tfO jt
Dish Pahs— The large size that -^
holds 14 quarts, regularly 35c each — ]g
special to-day only 190 Wednesday Special Salo
Wash Boilers — No. 8 siza, a fine *•«_ »#*#•• »••'«« d> MM «9 "2
large boiler with real copper bottom, %*niiarSn S O/7£JCM>. £
reeularly $1.50 each -special to-day chiMren'a Doagola • f— r^i $
onl y $1.13 Xii Button Shoe?, /(| 3*
Wednosday Only. f loth top*, pointed / $ j 5
__ , _ ¦ » toes, patent lea'h- J ,-V =v «
Motion Bargains* er tips, 9 -wed /^tA *
Peart Buttcns-25Q dczen full soles, spring heels, *5
round ball, ecru pearl button, 2 holes, n . eat a ? d T3ble'«^TT 3bIe '«^T T^*^ *
best quality, regularly 25c a dozen— *™s 11 to > 2, reg-^jg^^-^ ¦ 9
special to-day only 10c n]arl y * L2 °^ alr . o-^o -^ J
Dress Linings- 20 pieces of 33- —special to-day only 830 j,
inch black stripe and brocade Skirt . "2
Lining, an extra good value for 15c per Jg
• yard— special to-day only 12c Wednesday Only, S
Wednesday omy. Groceries-Liquors. \
e%On> Strides fnt* 25n- Pottum Cereal— The famous ;,
OWC OKirJfS Jiir health Co ffe o-the 2-lb packages; £
Children's Silk Embroidered Shaker regularly 25c; special to-day. 180 \|
Flannel Short Skirts, sizes for children Copn /Vf oa /-The b3Btb 3 8t Eastern, white jl
6 months to 3 years of age ; regularly Of yell 10 _ lb aacka . regn i ar i y 2 5c; -J
50c; to-day only 250 ial to _ d t7o §
° n y Shredded Cocoanut — Best •$
Wednosday Only. quality, 2 lb3 250 j*
Lace CuHainS 78G*Naglco Brandy-^* label, ;J
„.-, . #*, r r. . • • * guaranteed 26 years old; regularly .%
200 pairs of $1 Lace Curtams, in two $ i. 50 per bottle; special to-day..s/./5 9.
pattern?, one double bordered, the _I • . .-...»-- - n . •*
other a fine net, with DTsprit center Pahst Malt Jfxtraot — B^t *
and border, the latest and newest de- ton J c : "g^rly $ 2 -°<> dozen; special fl
Fign3 in this grade of curtain, they are t(Mla y a{ *£.£U ',
40 inche3wide, 3 yards long— at the [Tsb'.O Claret— k good wine; regu- -*
special price for to-day only. 78c larly 40c a gallon; special to-day.27© £
lip 374 on the£i^ f
£'<M&% The Best Garments Now. i
• / /^y>^- Second week of the phenomenal "2
'y^fN^K^ sale of Rosseff & Co.'s stock of *5
***'? season's fine Cloaks and j
// ] o*""^ jl Tailor Dresses, at 37c on the 5
(^vdwk ° °(X An a3S o rted lot Rosseff & Go.'s $12.C0 to $18.00 Golf. £
Vvf/fflr I \ heavy and light Plush and Cloth Capos $7.45 '$
V^V: J .A weight Jack- Roaseff & Co.'s $5.00 all-wool Plaid Si
N^V^T hl3 els that were Skirts - $2.25 -2
7 "s^H*^ $!o to $25 for Rossaeff & Co.'s $5.00 to $3.50 All- «
(I I f^ $4.95 Wool Skirts $2.95 a
/ Rosseff & Co.'s 'Roaseff & Co.'s $2.25 to $2.75 all-wool £
$20 to $30 Wa/sfs- $1.39 "2
Silk Lined Jackets..st2mOD RoaaeS & Co.'s $2.75 to $4.00 wool >
Ros3eff & Co.'s $18.00 to $25.' 0 all-wool Tailor-Mntio Waists •*
Tailor Dress $10.00 $1.98 jj
Rosseff & Co.'s $25.00 to $35.00 this sea- Rosseff & Co.'s $2.50 to $3.50 Flan- *
son's Tailor Dresses.slS OO nelotto Wrappers. ..sl.4-8 £
An assorted lot of RossefF3 >8.50 to Rosseff & Co.'s *2.50 to $4.50 fancy jj
$25X0 Gapes $5.00\ Underskirts $I.SO jt
The above are only a few oft lie many remarkable money- i
saving opportunities ilial this sale offers. \
Second Floor. j|
Wednesday and Thursday Only, 'x
Furniture Specials. i
Tabourettes — Imitation mahogany, 14x14 inch pattern top, turned leijs. j5
height 18 inches, regularly $2 each, for two days only. $1.25 X
Hanging Hall Rack—Sohi oak. nicely ornamented, ha 3 9x9 inch beveled £
mirror, regularly $4, special for two days only $2.00 j$
Cents' Shaving Stand — Golden oak or mahogany finish, 12-inch oval pat- Ji
tern, French-plate adjustable mirror, compartments for shaving articles, regularly -J
$12, special Wednesday and Thursday $7-25 j$
Oak Book Case— 42 inches wids, 5 feet high, open front, ha 3 four large, M
roomy shelves, regularly $12, special for two days only $8.25 -5
Music Cabin 5 1— Mahogany finish, highly polished, has 1 seven shelve.? for jj
music, neat ornamentation, regularly $15, special for two days ...$11*25 J*
Parlor Set — 3 pieces, mahogany-finished frames, upholstered in velours and «5
handsome pattern?, inlaid back, piano polish — sofa, arm chair and reception J
chair— regularly j3O, special for the two days $19.75 jt
Folding Bed— Solid oak, with 13x30 inch French-plate mirror. This is a hand- J
some mantel style bed and is fitted with heavy wire mattress. Regularhr $35.
special for the two day 3..... $26.73 3«
Second Floor. [ 5
This Week's Extra Specials In 5
Carpets, Linoleums, Rugs I
and Art Squares. . |
Art Squares — Persian and floral designs, fringed ends, sizes 3x3 yards and *5
3x3£ yards, regularly 50c per yard, special this week only- 300 Jl
TapGStry Carpels -All-wool surface, a variety of nica patterns to choose -J
from, borders to match, regulariy 65c yard, special this week 450 £
Tapestry Carpets— ln floral and Persian effects, with or without border*. )t
a splendid wearing Carpet, the regular 80c per yard quality, this week 0n\y..57>:0 •?
Wit ton Velvet Garnets— E:?gant designs, most handsome and durable of ]$
parlor Carpets, on special sale this week, per yard 82\o X
Body Brussels— A high grade of. the best wearing Carpet made, this week £
special at 950 jg
Axnttnster Carpets — Very choice designs, makes a beautiful parlor Car- ,<f
pet, soft, rich and luxurious, with pretty borders to match, special this week, per «J
yard • $I.UO «
Axniinsfcr Rugs- 27x60 inches, in handsome two-tone Persian, floral and Jf
Turkish patterns, special this week $2.50 -J
Linoleum Remnants— The balance left from last week's sailing, all qual- "5
ities, plenty of patterns left to select from. Dricea cut in half : $1 quality. If
sOc; 75c quality, 37\0; 65c quality, 32\C ; 60c quality, 30o ; 50c «*
.quality, 25c; 40c quality-.... 2Qo J
Second Floor. .%
B'NE B'RITH.
Names of the Representatives to the
District Grand Lodge No. 4.
The following named are the representa
tives to the District Grand Lodge of the
Independent Order B'ne B'rith, which -will
meet In this city next Sunday and will
remain in session for several days:
Ophlr Lodge No. 21— Leon Goldstein, M. Kal
muk, M. Kollmann, Louis Levy, Abraham
Lewis. Solomon Meyer. Julius Platshek, Will
lam Saalburg. S. H. Simon.
Ktham Lodge No. 37— Jacob GulstwrK, Simon
Goldman, Henry Meyer, Samuel Morris, Leon
Salomon.
Modln Lodjre Xo. 42— Ellas Cook. Samuel
Fly-shaker. S. Frohman, M. Lindheimer, Henry
Alau»»r, Philip Stern.
Garlzlm Lodge No. 43 — I. Haas, Isidor Stein.
Pacific Lodge No. 48— David Davis. Louis
Ehrllch, William Gelst, Julius Newman, Henry
Schwartz.
Monteflore Lodge No. 51— Hugo K. ' Asher,
William Conn, Mark Lewis, Morris Levy,
David Michael, Manheim Marks, M. J. Netter,
Samuel H. Schocken.
Miriam Lodge No. £6 — Simon Tlochstadter,
Solomon Lewek.
Oregon Lodge No. 65— D. M. Buchner, D.
Soils Cohen, C. H. Friendly, N. Goodman.
Hope Lodge No. 126— Harris Markn, M. Ale
nafses, I. F. Stein.
Columbia Lodge Xo. 127 — Julius Bambergrer,
I«n. Kppertshausen. 11. Frledlander, I. Herz
bergf, Herman Lesser, Aaron Wash, Adolf
Wolf. M. Zacharias.
: Golden Gate Lodge No. 129—1. J. Aschheim,
Alfred Auerbach. Louis Bernstein, Philip
Cohen. S. Isaacs, Samuel Kalisky, W. Brl
batch. M. 11. Wascerwitz.
California Lodge No. IG3— Harry Ankel, Abra
ham Coleman. David Cohen. Louis Cohn. Max
Goldberg, Julius Israelsky, M. 8. Levy, Robert
Mann, H. Rubin, William Samuel.
Orange Lodge No. 224— Arnold Aarons, Isaac
Norton, Moses Norton.
Vosemite Lodge No- 231—1. H. Jacobs.
Paradise Lodge No. 237— Rudolph Anker,
Abraham Horowitz.
Ariel Lodge No. 24S— Alexander J. Hart. P.
S. Hirsch, H. Rich.
Oakland Lodge No. 202— J. M. Cohn, M.
Friedlander. Max Mnrcuse. George Samuels.
Carson Lodge No. 206 — Benjamin Harris.
Unity Lodge No. 273— Maurice ¦L. Asher, I.
Cohnrelch, Herman Enkle, Eugene W. Levy,
Louis Llpman. Solomon J. Levy. Simon Myr
eon, Jacob Nleto, Joseph Rothschild. Marcua
Uosenthal, Max Warshauer, 8. Zekind.
Pacific Lodge No. 314— S. 11. Abraham, Isaac
Gevurtz. Morris Gilbert, Isador Gumbert, A.
S. Rosenthal.
Cremieux Lodge No. 325— Philip Flatow, S.
S. Green. Herman Gutstadt. E. 11. Morris, I.
P. Strassburger. E. I.' "Wolfe. •
Semi Tropic Lodge No. 341— Simon Cahen, A.
W. Edelman, M. A. Hamburger.
Seattle Lodge No. 342— F. Boris, I. Korn, I.
Morgenstern.
Occidental Lodge No. 34o— Frank Sperling,
Isidor Simon, Lucius L. Solomons, • Benjamin
Seniors. Sholom Sllverstone, Edmund Tauszky.
Jacob Voorsanger, 'Wallace A. Wise.
Lasker- Lodge No. 370— Ferdinand Damberger.
Portland Lodge No. 416— Cecil H. Bauer,
Jacob Bloch, I. Leaser Cohen, Julius C. Lang,
Julius S. May«T, Sigmund Sichel. :
Baron de Hlrsch Lodge No. 420— Noah W.
Bender, Adolph Wetistein. ¦
B. F. Piexotto Lodge No. 421— 8. F. Boehmer,
Albert Graupe. A. L. Jacobs.
Abraham Gelger Lodge No. 423— Samuel Bay-
David Holiman. Leopold Stern.
Washoe Lodge No. 450 — Joseph Hausman,
Solomon Levy.
Sabata Morals Lodge No.. 4C4— lsaac Swett.
Baker City Lodge No. 475— Samuel . Baer. • - :
Los Angeles Lodge No. 487— Joseph L. Jonas,
Sigmund G. Marshuti. _ _
Fresno Lodge No. 492— 5. B. Goodman.
CORINTHIAN CLUB SHOW.
Yachtsmen Have a Final Rehearsal
of Many Funny Things.
If any one who attends the Corinthian
Yacht Club vaudeville performance at
Native Sons' Hall to-morrow night does
not laugh from the rise of the curtain to
the fall thereof it certainly will not be
from any lack of mirth-provoking fea
tures in the performance, but because
there is not a laugh in him. The final re
hearsal was held last night, and under
the direction of Stage Manager "Jack"
O'Brien everything went merrily. Port
Captain Keefe. who In his enthusiasm for
the success of the affair is reported as
not having eaten a square meal since re
hearsals commenced, was on hand to en
force discipline among the recalcitrant ar
tists. \
The skit entitled "Looney's Parisian
Ballet," by McLaughlin, Catheart and
Ryan, is, in the language of the pi ess
agent, "excruciatingly funny." The
amazon march which goes with It Is pre
sented by eight graceful and handsome
yachtsmen In the persons of Westerfeld,
Straus, Finnic. Erskine. Brickell^Cro-well,
Thompson and Harrison.
All the latest songs of the day will be
sung by such famous amateurs as Hynea,
Sloan, Coffin, Tarbox, Flnnie. Frank ond
a host of others, and the choruses them
selves are well worth hearing.
To relieve the monotony of masculine
efforts there will be two lady participants
in the programme. Miss Etta O'Brien,
the delightful contralto, will sing "Sun
set" and "When You Are Here, Love."'
while Miss Fannie Ryan, the pleasing so
prano, is listed for "II Bacio" and "Love
Has Eyes."
The sale of seats has been enormous
and an Immense audience Is sure to be on
hand.
GENERAL BARNES TO
SPEAK IN CHICAGO
WILL ADDRESS THE UNION
LEAGUE CLUB.
Ex-President Harrison and Chauncey
M. Depew Are Also on the List
of Speakers.
General "W. H. L. Barnes has accepted
an invitation to speak at the dinner of
the Union League' Club of Chicago on
February 22, Washington's birthday. He
will speak to the sentiment, "Greater
America." Ex-President Benjamin Har
rison and Senator Chauncey M. Depew
are on the list of speakers.
The annual dinner of the Union League
Club of Chicago attracts national atten
tion. It is a custom of the league to in
vite as speakers three orators of emi
nent attainment. Half an hour's time
is usually accorded to each speaker.
It is quite well known In the Middle
West that the foremost orator of the Pa
cific Coast has been invited to address the
league. General Barnes will doubtless
have the pleasure of addressing an au
dience of the highest character and a
company of distinguished and critical
men. His ability to charm and enlighten
his hearers Is not doubted, in San Fran
cisco.
NARJOT TELLS WHY
HE KILLED GLEASON
DEFENDED HIMSELF FROM BE
ING BEATEN AND ROBBED.
Preliminary Examination of Ex-
Policeman Dillon for Murder
Concluded and Argument
Reserved.
The preliminary examination of ex-Po
liceman Thomas H. Dillon on the charge
of murdering Charles Joyce, grocer, Sev
enteenth and Castro streets, was conclud
ed before Judge Conlan yesterday after
noon and the case was continued till to
morrow afternoon for argument. The wit
nesses examined for the prosecution were
Herman Pyjorge, bartender for Joyce, but
he did not see the shooting, as he took
refuge in the cellar when he saw there
was to be bloodshed. Mrs. Joyce was
called and she testified that after hear
ing the shots she went Into the bar and
saw Dillon, who was bleeding, and sho
said, "For God's sake, Dillon, don't shoot
me." She found her husband stretched
out behind the counter, and he was able
to whisper to her, "Go for a doctor; I am
dying."
The preliminary examination of Ernest
Narjot on the charge of murdering J.
O'Xeil! Gleason In Stanley's prrotto, Turk
and Mason streets, was continued before
Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon and the
prosecution rested. The witnesses exam
ined were B. \V. Hunter, piano player in
the grotto: Charles McClain. bartender,
and Detective Ed Gibson. Hunter' testi
fied to seeing Narjot and Daly fighting
and Gleason acting as peacemaker. He
saw Narjot put his hand in his hip pocket
and then went to the door. Just then he
heard some one say, "Stand back or I'll
shoot." The testimony of the other two
witnesses was unimportant.
After consultation with his attorneys
Narjot took the stand and practically told
the same story as at the time he was ar
rested. He said he was In the piano room
when Minnie Hamilton came rushing in.
crying "Save me; help me." He jumped
up and met Daly, who struck him on the
face. There was a mix-up ajid Gleason
came and held him till Daly "punched"
him ten or fifteen times on the face and
head. Some one caught hold of the dia
mond ring on his finger and he thought
he was being robbed. He broke away from
Glfason and endeavored to gret upstairs,
when some one shouted. "Let him have
It." Narjot gripped his revolver tight
and it exploded. He did not know that
any one was shot till afterward. He was
under cross-examination by Colonel Eddy
when court adjourned. The case will be
continued to-morrow afternoon.
Manila Cigarettes Seized.
Two thousand and twenty-two cigar
ettes from Manila were seized yesterday
by Customs Inspector Joshua N. T. Goss
while some unknown person was attempt
ing to smuggle them ashore from the
British steamer Benmohr, now a United
States army transport. The cigarette*
were placed in a sack and thrown through
a porthole upon the wharf.
MINING DEAL TROUBLE.
L. K. Hare, a Broker, Arrested on a
Charge of Felony Embezzlement.
Dr. St. D. Gynlais Walters of Hono
lulu, who has been here since last Au
gust and is stopping at the California
Hotel, swore to a complaint in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday for the arrest of
L. R. Hare, a mining broker In the
Crocker building, on the charge of fel
ony embezzlement.
The complaint alleges that Hare em
bezzled the sum of $3245 on or about Sep
tember 12 last, which was given to Hare
to liquidate a debt due by the doctor to
E. M. Keys and R. H. Blake. The origi
nal amount was $6000, which was invested
in gravel mines in Slskiyou County. Hare
returned J2OC* and was to buy stock for
the balance, but only bought $700 worth,
the balance of $55 being for incidentals.
Hare was arrested and wp-s held pend
ing putting up $4000 bonds. He treats
hi? arrest lightly, and says that the
property Dr. Walters bought was his own
and now the doctor wants to get out of
the deal.
THE EMPORIUM.
TUNEFUL "PINAFORE" TO
BE SUNG BY AMATEURS
THE EMPtmrmf
CORONER'S JURY
FIXES THE BLAME
FOR II FATALITY
How Bernice McClel
len Died.
ELEVATOR WELLS UNGUARDED
SHE STEPPED ON A TRAP AND IT
GAVE WAY.
Standard Biscuit Company Is Cen
sured for Violating an Ordinance
of the Board of Super
visors.
The death of Minnie Bemico McClellen.
the 18-year-old girl who was killed last
Wednesday by falling through an un
puarded elevator shaft, was investigated
by Coroner Cole yesterday and the Jury
censured the Standard Biscuit Company
for violating the city order requiring safe
guards to be placed around elevator
shafts.
As a part of the evidence In the case the
Coroner read the following communication
to the jury:
Dr. R. Beverly Cole, Coroner— Dear Sir:
We, the i2n<Jersig!s<*d, whose vocation com
pels us to approach an* use freight ele
vators and whop* lives and limbs are In
constant danger owinu to the nonapplianre
of suitable (rates or puards affixed to same,
nvet r^sjifctfully r-qiif-st you. In rendering
your verdict in the case of Miss Minnie
McClellen. who r.i«t pjrh a shocking death
Jn the building of the Standard Biscuit
Company, to recomirend the Board of
Public Works or the Supervisors to amend
the ordinance relative to elevator hatches
and thus avoid the reoccurrence of similar
accidents.
ReFpectfully yours. Charles H. Known
burg. Henry Mcl>>nald, John T. Collins,
James Graham, William O. Mara, Charles
Poul»cn and Thomas McDermott.
The evidence was to the effect that the
zrapdoors covering the elevator well were
of such flimsy construction that they
would tilt If the corners were stepped
upon. It was shown that at the time of
the accident the room was dark and that :
the unfortunate jclrl In leaving the build-
Ing at the close of her day's work stepped
upon the trapdoor on the fourth floor. The
door tipped up and her body shot down to
the trap on the third floor, tearing away
that door and the trapdoor of the second ;
floor, through which she dropped with a ;
fractured skull, she having been killed al- j
most Instantly.
The following Is an extract from the
verdict of the Jury:
That the f-ald Remice MeClell»n. a^ed
1* years, nativity California, residence 74
Webster etreet. came to her death at 701
Front street. In the city and county of Pan
Francisco, on the 7th day of February. ISOO,
through fracture of the skull: and we
further find that said Rernlce McClellen
received s&ld fracture of the skull by ac
cidentally falling through the back elevator
shaft from the fourth floor of the Standard i
Biscuit Company at said 701 Front street, '
end that said Standard Biscuit Company
is criminally to blame for the accident
which resulted in the death of said Bernlce
McCleJlen. inasmuch ac the trapF in said
elevator shaft were flimsy and unsafe in
their construction throughout and were en
tirely unprotected by any kind of rail, pate,
door or drop door, which Is In direct viola
tion of section 24. on pape 176, of the fcen
eral orders nt the Board of Supervisors.
And we would hereby call the attention of
the Grand Jury and the fire marshal and
others in authority to the many faulty con
ditior.s surrounding this and many other
elevators in this city and county.
Ed M. Skinner, foreman: A. Sllverman,
John Foley. H. Ruff. J. Wollner. H. Ptrah
ben. Daniel -Bon. Jerry O'Leary and T. D.
Coroner Cole at once approved the ver
ilet and discharged the Jury after having
thanked them for their sen-ices.
LHis Honor the Mayor must have reached the con
clusion that he caught that surgeon's knife of his by
the business endjnstead of by the handle.
Young Girls
How easy it b for young
girls to go into the "decline."
They eat less and less, become
paler and paler and can
harldy drag through the day.
They are on the steady down-
ward course Iron does them
no good; strychnine and bit-
ters all fail. They need a food
that will nourish them better,
and a medicine that will cor-
rect their disease.
Scott's Emulsion
b both of these, elegantly and per-
manently combined. The Cod-liver
Oil makes the blood richer, and
this gives better color to the face.
The hypophosphKes of lime and
soda act as a strong tonic to the
nerves. Soon the weight increases,
the digestion improves and health
returns.
At all drorzists ; 50c. and f 1.00.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists, New York
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes tha child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colia, reyu-
Utes the Bowels and is ths best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teetain* or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
port of tha world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
WlnsloW* Soothing- Syrup, 230 a bottl*.
BARD'S ELECTION GIVES UNIVERSAL SATISFACTION.
Washington Press.
Senator Bard Is fitted to fill the high position to which ho has been elected,
as his record Is clean, he Is a brainy man of affairs, an upright and honorable
rentleman, and will be a credit to the State he Is to represent at Washington.
• • •
Chino Valley Champion.
Weekly Calistogan.
Thomas R. Bard, the man chosen to succeed Stephen M. White, is a -wealthy
business man of Ventura and Is eminently qualified to fill the place with credit
to himself and the party which has just placed him in power.
• • •
San Luis Obispo Tribune.
All Is well that ends well and we Join in the general satisfaction over the end
that has been reached and in the general .verdict that our Legislature could have
made no better choice for Senator than in bestowing- the toga upon Thomas R.
Bard. sS'wW.P-^i
Ventura Democrat
We can cordially rejoice in the triumph of Mr. Bard, for whom, as a citizen,
we have always entertained the highest regard We believe he will be a faith
ful and conscientious Senator and be guided in his official course by what he
deems honest and right. # « - • '
Ontario Record.
Thomas R. Bard Is a man of the people and a better selection of a representa
tive of this great Western commonwealth In the upper legislative house could
not have been made. There is not a taint against his character and he stands
before the people to-day aa a man qualified In every particular for the United
States Senate. \,'' ¦
Downey Champon.
In tha selection of Hon. Thomas R. Bard for United States Senator our Re
publican friends have done well. His long and successful business career In Cali
fornia has qualified him to guard well the Interests of the State. His elec
tion was a happy ending of the most Bitter Senatorial right In the history of the
Republican party of the State.
Monterey Cypress.
The election of Hon. Thomas R. Bard to the United States Senate on "Wednes
day gives the best of satisfaction to Republicans generally and is a. most happy
outcome of a long drawn out and bitter contest over the selection of a successor
to Stephen M. White. Mr. Bard's ability and Integrity are unquestioned and h«
will do honor to California In the high office to which he has been elected.
Pinole Times.
California is to b« congratulated on the* action of her Legislature 4n the
election of Thomas R. Bard as United States Senator. This gentleman has a
clean if not very distinguished public record. He is a man of good business
ability but is not a mere tool or representative of wealth. We feel sure that he
can be* relied upon to forward the Interests of California in every legitimate
way with vigor and Intelligence. |
Portervllle Enterprise.
Burns has been turned down and the State has been saved from the disgrace
of sending to the United States Senate a man with such a black record. It
has costus a pretty penny to elect a Senator, but the cost does not cut euch a
ereat fltrure as It would dave done If Gage's man had been winner. VTe congrat
ulate the Republicans who caused the election of Bard, but for th© supporters of
Burns there are no words strong enough In the American language to express our
feelings. . .
Los Oatos Mall.
There is a great rejoicing all through the State over the unsuccessful effort
of I>- M. Burns to capture the Senatorial peach. It is a matter for rejoicing,
too, that the determination to have "any one but: Burns" did not result in the
selection of one equally undesirable, but a man whose character is unassailable
and whose ability to fill the responsible position Is unquestionable. Senator
Thomas Bard will ably represent California's interests in the nation's legisla
tive halls. ...
St. Helena Star.
The, outcome of the Senatorial struggle in Sacramento is a source of great
satisfaction:; to ".the people of California. The election of Hon. Thomas R. Bard
of Ventura reflects credit upon the State and the Republican party. It was a
splendid victory of the people over machine politics and is probably the most
satisfactory outcome of an California's Senatorial contests. Burns is widely
known as apolitical manipulator, while Bard Is a man of the people— a quiet,
successful business man, whose political career is not one of "State making" or
convention uackinff. but of auiet support of the principles he holds dear.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO PREMlUM— Subscriber. City. There
Is no premium for a dime- of 1535, a half
dollar of ISI3 nor on© of 1818. This de
partment cannot advertise the addres3 of
any coin collector. • '¦¦¦¦" ¦^
NON-PAYING TENANT— O. 8., City.
The Blmplest way to get rid of a non-pay
ing tenant is to commence an action to
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhambra— Jeffrles-Sharkey Contest Pictures.
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Opera-house— "Alladin Jr."
Grand Opera House— Symphony Concert Thursday afternoon.
Orpheua— Vaudeville.
California — "An Unconventional Honeymoon."
Columbia — "Ttie Viceroy."
AJcazar— "Oh, Susannah."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
OTympls, corner Mason and Kills etreets^ — Specialties.
Western Turf Association — Races to-day.
WEDNESDAY. .FEBRUARY 14, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AI! Communications to W^SM_EAKE^l^ana^er^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Main IS«S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1574.
Delivered tir Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Wect.
Stns'le Copies. 5 Cent".
Term* hr Mall, Inoltullnsr Pont&iret
DAILY CALL (Inclndlnsr Sunday), one year..?o.OO i
DAILY CALL <lnelndlnar Snndny). « months. . S.OO I
DAILY CALL (lnrlndlDK Sunday). 3 months.. 1.50
DAILY CALL — By Slnsrle Month «.%c
SI'XDAV CALL One Year 1.-"><>
WEEKLT CALL One Year 1.00 j
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
¦ ab*erlption*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAIvLAAD OFFICE HIS Broadway j
c. georoe Kiior.xnss.
Manager Foreign Ac'.vrrtUlnu, Marqaette Rnild
iDfr, Chlcaso.
KEW YORK. COKRBSPOXDESTi '
C C CAULTON Herald Square •
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDSi
Sherman Bouei P. O. \ew« Co.t Great North- j
era Hotel; Fremont House; Andltorlam Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS i
XVml&mrt-Amtorlm Uoteli A. Urentano, 31 Union
Saurei .Mai-ray Hill Hotel.
NEW YORK BJEPRESESTATIVEi
PCRttV LI'KCVS JR 29 Tribune Building
WASUISCTOX CD. O OFFICE. . Wellington Hotel j
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
SaAKCB OFFICES 627 Monts-omery. corner of '
Clay, open until !>:3<» o'riock. ".OO H»jc», !
open until 9:3<» o'clock. <J39 McAlUnter, open •
until OtSO o'clock. Cl 5 Larkln, open until i
9(30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 j
o'clock. 2261 Market, corner Sixteenth, open j
ontll 8 o'clock. IOIHi Valencia, open until !•
o'clock. IO(I Eleventh, open until U o'clock, j
S\V. corner Twenty-iecond and Keotncky, j
open until 0 o'clock.
ADVEKTISEaTEJjrrS.
The Chief of the census complains that most of the
applicants for positions can write but little and know
almost nothing of ciphering, and from the fact he
craws the conclusion that the public schools teach
too much psychology and physiology and not enough
plain English and arithmetic.
Mr. Macrum evidently knew what he was about
when he threw up his job in Pretoria. > Young Adel
bert Hay, according to latest advices, has found al
ready that his $2000 salary allowance will not go very
far considering war prices for provisions at the Boer
capital.
As Bryan is said to have drawn very large audiences
at every speech in his tour through New England,
it is evident the thrifty folks of that section are keen
to take advantage of everything that comes along in
the way of a free circus.
England is looking now to little nations to punish
her little foes. Italy has been commissioned to make
some of the black men of North Africa realize the
sweetness and light of good manners in this critical
juncture of British affairs.
It looks as if California is to have a model State
capital, for not only did the Legislature do the right
thing at the extra session, but the city government
has decided to rid the community of poolrooms.
The Chicago woman who was buried alive and after
a night in the grave was reclaimed for a new season
of usefulness probably doesn't want to repeat the ex
periment even for the sake of novelty.
Reports from Manila are to the effect that our flag
has been raised over two* more islands, and Uncle
Sam will soon have possessions enough of that kind
to throw to the seagulls.
The only instance on record where the Americans
took water from the British was recently at Gibral
tar, when a transport needed some and accepted it as a
favor.
Foresters' Bazaar.
The local courts and circles of th« An-
cient Order of Foresters will open a ba-
zaar in the Foresters' building, commenc-
ing next Saturday and continuing for a
•week. On Friday Little Tryphena Pritch-
ard. the pet of Loyal Circle of the order
In conjunction with her classmates, will
rive a grand juvenile literary and mu-
sical entertainment In the ball named.
The Fastest Train Across ths Con-
tinent.
The California Limited, Santa F» Roots.
Connectlnr trains leavt at I p. m. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Una to
tbe East. Ticket office. 823 Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping; cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accomnany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of - passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul •very Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. (23 Market street.
THE COST OF COLONIES.
OFFICIAL reports recently issued by the
French and German governments concerning
colonial affairs can be studied with profit by
thoughtful Americans. We are urged by the imperial
ists to enter upon experiments which the French and
the Germans have tried for a good many year 3 and ;t
will be of advantage to us to learn what results they
have obtained.
The German reports have been issued from the
Statistical Bureau in Berlin and give an account of
the trade which Germany has carried on with her
colonies during the past year. From these it appears
that ditring the year Germany imported from her
colonies goods to the value of 4,617,000 marks and ex
ported to them goods and silver coin to the value of
10,149,000 marks, making a total trade of 14,766,000
marks.. That looks like a very good trade to follow
the flag, but further statistics show that the subsidies
given by the imperial Government to the colonies
amounted to 14,788,000 marks. Thus the cost of send
ing the flag to the far off dominions was 22,000 marks
more than the whole amount of trade that followed it.
In that loss moreover no account is taken of the cost
The results of the French experiments are given in
a report of the Colonial Committee of the Chamber
of Deputies. They show that during the last ten
years the contributions of the French colonies to
the colonial exchequer have amounted to $125,000,
while the expenditure of the Government in admin
istering,the affairs of the colonies during the same
period amounted to $164,400,000. The French statis
tics deal solely with matters of revenue and adminis
tration and throw no light upon the results of trade
with the colonies. It is safe to say, however, the com
mercial benefits have not been less dearly bought than
those obtained by Germany, for the French, like the
Germans, have had to grant enormous subsidies to
keep their colonial trade going.
It will be seen from the experiments made by these
governments that colonies cost more than they are
worth. Trade will follow the flag on a merchant ves
sel far more profitably than it will follow the flag
carried by a warship or a regiment. The Germans
and the French moreover have reduced the cost of
government to about as low figures as is possible to a
civilized people. The wages paid to their soldiers are
small and the salaries of their officials, whether mili
tary or civil, are slight in comparison to ours. It
will cost us to govern a colony far more than it costs
either of those military nations and we are not likely
to get more in the way of trade.
Colonial expansion is in fact about the costliest
venture a nation can engage in. Even Great Britain
has never found it profitable and at the present time
is engaged in wasting more treasure upon South
African expansion than she will get back for the rest
of this « generation from all Africa, even if she, suc
ceed in conquering the Transvaal and building the
great railway from the Cape to Cairo. In all these
things there is a lesson for our statesmen and it is to
be hoped they will be wise enough to learn it in time.
Storekeeper Insolvent.
Robert. I*. Boaz. a storekeeper, residing
In San Jose, filed a petition in the United
States District Court yesterday asking: to
be declared an insolvent. His liabilities
are {2312 65 and his assets $1230.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Frank H. Buck, the Vacaville fruit
packer, is at the Palace.
Stephen M. White, ex-United States
Senator. Is at the Palace.
Judge Ansel Smith of Stockton is stay
ing for a few days at the Grand.
William Palmtag, a politician of Hol
lister. Is at the California.
E. L. Sanford, the popular Hanford
hotel man, is staying at the Lick.
A. P. Fraaer, a prominent young attor-
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042., ¦?• •¦:
WORTH ALL THE SUBSCRIPTION.
Bishop Register.
The San Francisco Call publishes dally
a section of its Home Study course. The
plan is most commendable and the arti
cles and Instruction given are In them
selves worth all of the paper's subscrip
tion. 'i*ibx - : -\':r:-{ . i
THE ROADS AND THE SHIPPERS
REPORTS from Los Angeles announce that the
conference in that city between officials of the
Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe Railroad, on
one side, and representatives of the various fruit ex
changes on the other, has resulted in an adjustment
of the controversy which for some time past has been
going on over transcontinental fruit shipments, and
that the fruit men have gained relief from the evils
of which they complained.
The conference was a secret one, and that fact will
give rise to fears the results are not going to prove
so beneficial as is now expected. It is said, however,
that the concessions granted by the roads include the
abolition of all private car lines at the expiration of
two years, when the leases made with Earl, Armour
and other owners expire, and a modification of the
routing clause. It is added in the report that "the
fruit men are, as a class, placed on an equal footing,
and that the rebate and money concessions system
•will pass out of existence."
In that statement there is much of promise, but
since the whole arrangement has been made in secret
who is there that can tell whether or no the railroads
will keep their promise not to grant rebates to fa
vored parties? The fruit men will have to continue
to stand guard vigilantly through the fruit-shipping
season, for otherwise there is a long array of prece
dents to justify the conclusion that the promises of
the roads will not be kept This is not the first tim;
that railroads have given pledges of fair dealing. In
fact, they have made such pledges over and over again
to or.c another, but in almost every case they have
broken them as soon as they found it profitable to
do so.
While there will be general gratification over the
settlement of this particular dispute, even though it
should prove to be only temporary, the public should
not expect too much from it. The only adequate
way of settling these and similar disputes affecting
transcontinental freight rates is to give to the Inter-
State Commerce Commission the additional authority
and power which it has just asked of Congress.
Clothed with that power the commission could com
pel the roads to keep their promises of fair dealing,
and, in fact, could compel them to deal fairly whether
they had promised to do so or noL
ney of Fresno, is a guest at the Occiden
tal.
Mr. and Mrs. B. U. Steinman have come
down from Sacramento and are at the
Palace.
G. G. Sssam. the Chicago banker and
millionaire, Is one of the late arrivals at
the Palace.
W. S. Cleary, the Stockton mining ex
pert, is one of the arrivals of yesterday
at the Lick.
R. M. Wiley, editor and proprietor of
the Arcata Union, is In the city on a short
pleasure trip.
Thomas H. Thompson, a wealthy land
owner of Tulare, Is registered for a short
stay at the Lick.
William "Wallace, a. capitalist of Helena.
Mont., is registered among the late ar
rivals at the Palace.
J. Ross Trayner, a prominent fruit
grower of Marysvllle. is among: the recent
arrivals at the Lick.
L. A. Sheldon, a millionaire lumber man
of Sissons, is at the Grand while in the
city on a short business trip.
G. M. Flavel. a wealthy business man of
Astoria, Or., is registered at tha Palace,
where ho arrived yesterday.
John Thorman. a wealthy vineyardlst
and wine man of St. Helena, 13 one of the
recent arrivals at the Grand.
. Fred A. Somers was welcomed on the
floor of the Produce Exchange yesterday,
after an absence of some- months In the
East. ->
K. R. Babbett, a prominent mining law
yer of Colorado Springs, la at the Palace
while visiting the city on professional
business.
SOLDIER TO
WED A BELLE
Lieut. Lyman Welch, U. S.
A. f and Miss Edythe
Knowlton Are to Be
Married To-Day.
Lieutenant Lyman M. Welch, Twen
tieth Infantry. U. S. A., and Miss Edythe
Knowlton will be married to-day at 2
o'clock at the Hotel St. Nicholas.
Lieutenant Welch, who is the only son
of Dr. and Mrs. Welch of the St Nicho
las, recently returned on the steamer
Conemaugh. from the Philippines, -where
he saw considerable service.
The various cotillon clubs of the sea
son have decided to join forces for the
last affair of the season, and have Issued
invitations for an assembly at which all
will be largely interested, and which will
take place on Tuesday evening, Febru
ary 20, at Golden Gate Hall.
THE LION'S SHARE IN SOUTH AFRICA.
— New York Herald.
evict him. Consult a reputable attorney
and he -will give you proper advice.
BOOTH— E. S. 0., City. About once in
five years some one revives the story that
J. Wilkes Booth, the assassin of Presi
dent Lincoln, is still alive. The question
of his death was settled more- than thirty
years ago.
TWO QUARTERS— F. P. 8., City. AK
cent piece of ISs3, without arrows at date
and without rays at the eagle commands
a premium of from $2 to J3. what is called
a round gold quarter" is not a coin; It is
a jeweler's piece. Such may be purchased
for 25 cents. The smallest gold coin ever
minted by the United States was a dollar.
THE HALL OF JUSTICE-C. E. R.,
City. This department simply deals with
facts and does not offer guessea aa to
what may happen. For that reason It
cannot make a guess aa to the probable
time when the Hall of Justice on Kearny
street will be completed. It is generally
understood that the Police Department
will be the first to occupy the building.
PAYROLL-P. & X., City. This depart
ment does not Inquire into the private
business affairs of any on© or firms, and
for that reason cannot furnl3h you the
information about the number of men on
the payroll of the firm named on the 2d of
February. If you have any valid reason
for making: the inquiry address a letter
to the firm. . . » ¦ ¦-*.* -
THE SOCIAL PROBLEM.
THE case of Amy Murphy has led to a spas
modic and, in many respects, unwholesome dis
. cussion of a social problem, that neither legis
lation nor declamation can settle and solve.
At its base lies the old issue of the necessities of
existence. Poverty, crime and transgression originate
in some breakdown, perhaps in a remote generation,
of the capacity for self-support. Too many parents
pass a life of toil in the effort not to equip their chil
dren for self-support by their own exertions, but to
amass a competency which will assure their support
without personal exertion. In the percentage of
cases in which these parental efforts finally fail, the
children in whose behalf they have been made are
left without provision and without training in indus
try and thrift, to finally become, or contribute, re
cruits to the great army of the incapacitated, from
whose ranks the world gets its degenerates, society its
vampires and prisons their recidivists.
In whatever cause it may generate, aversion to
proper industry and lack of ambition to persist in any
form of honest effort that will bring independence
lead to the same result. No legislation can prevent
it, no generosity of opportunity can banish it. The
remedy lies in the character of the individual, and in
the final analysis society has no other protection than
the development of character. The necessity for self
support is present in a majority of the people. The
world would be better if that necessity were felt by
all.
In American life there has been growing a false
spirit of foolish discrimination between different
forms of personal exertion and modes of employment
by which self-support may be achieved. Without any
desire to discuss a sorrow that has touched a family,
the case that has been recently discussed in the press
and pulpit may serve as an example. The most whole
some tone of American society was in that period
when American-born girls sought independence and
had a valuable training for their future domestic du
ties along the line of occupations that were suited to
their sex. New England never had a nobler popu
lation that when young American women, self
respecting and modest, worked in the mills. The
New England mill girl won her dowry and crowned
herself with honor, and her class mothered a genera
tion of men who reflected its glory and lived in its
praise. In that day, too, no American girl felt that
domestic service and mastery of the art of house
keeping were beneath her. In domestic service she
had the guarantee of a good home, kindly companion
ship, good example in morals, and the relations
of confidence and friendship she acquired were
lasting. In these respects a sinister change
has come. Girls who must contribute to their
own support will take places in shops and
stores, in telephone exchanges and telegraph
offices, and, without the vocabulary and edu
cation necessary for excellence, will contribute to the
army of typewriters and stenographers recruits in
competent and unqualified, earning in these occupa
tions less than is necessary for their support and
dress in the style required by the positions they hold.
Instead of being in an atmosphere of virtue and good
example they are in an environment of suggestion
and exposed to contacts that lead to degradation.
The numbers in which they offer for these employ
ments tend to reduce wages below the standard of
decency and morality, and to injure thereby the in
come of the most competent. They pull down to the
level of their incompetence the guild of capable
women who in some of these occupations earn and
should have compensation equal to that enjoyed by
men. In this system there appears a phase of life
the most melancholy that the mind can contemplate,
If not in the first generation, surely in the second,
it produces a class untrained in self-restraint, reared
in hereditary poverty, degenerate physically and
morally, and ready to exist by yielding to the invi
tation of vice along the line of least resistance.
These victims of folly, who crowd into the hectic and
unnatural conditions offered by what they choose to
consider as "polite employment," condemned to the
nerve-tangling service of the telephone and telegraph
office, or to weary standing for hours behind the
shop counter, or to the rough manners, vulgarity and
profanity of too many offices and counting-rooms,
would shudder with horror at being a "hired girl"
and learning to do housework well, to their own bet
ter equipment as wives and mothers. They turn
away from the good wages, the warm shelter, the
good example which await them in families that need
their service and can compensate it liberally, where
their board and lodging are added to higher wages
than they get in the other occupations, and, scorning
it all, set their feet in the path that ends, for too many
of them, in the morgue.
At this moment there is a home, in domestic ser
vice, for every girl in California who must support
herself. The wages in such service are constantly ad
vancing. The work required is consistent with the
preservation of health and strength, and the associa
tion leads to morality and virtue. Yet the Ameri
can mind has been trained to regard it as the work of
"a servant," and girls reject it, to be servants in
deed of taskmasters who respect neither their woman
hood nor their right to wages that clothe the body
in decency and the soul in purity. The easier, bet
ter paid and more wholesome places in domestic
service are filled with immigrant women from abroad,
or by Chinese and Japanese men, and the press is
filled with the tragedies that close a career in the
polite service, preferred to better wages earned in a
pure atmosphere.
Thoughtful people deprecate the declamatory out
break which has followed the most recent of these
tragedies. One clergyman has advised that men be
shot down whose debased natures prey upon the sit
uation. Women have publicly, pointedly, and per
haps indelicately, discussed the subject, all unaware
that such means have never yet curbed vice, but
rather serve to inform the vicious of the ways and
means for its gratification. No one has proposed any
plan for removal of the situation itself. No one has
attacked the folly and false pride which create it.
No one has uttered a word of advice to girls to cease
crowding occupations where compensation is so low
as to leave no recourse except sin or starvation,
while better, safer and more womanly and dignified
employment waits in vain for their coming.
We deprecate and feel inclined to denounce the
spirit and the method in which the subject has been
publicly discussed:
"Vice is a monster of such hideous mien.
That to be dreaded needs but to be seen.
But seen too oft, familiar with her face,
We first endure, then pity, then embrace."
The manner in which the sensational treatment of the
subject has proceeded is nothing more than the cul
tivation of that familiarity. Let it be understood that
no law and no public meeting can take the place of
home training in modesty and virtue, and that pride
goes before a fall, and the fall is farthest when pride
has rejected a form of employment- well paid, safe
and honest, in favor of something which is neither,
and the moral lapses will be less and society will be
better.
TO MEET IN CHARLESTON.
AN official bulletin just issued by the executive
committee of the National Educational Asso
ciation announces the unanimous selection- of
Charleston, S. C, as the 'place of meeting for the
convention of the association in July of this year.
The selection of such a place of meeting for a mid
summer assembly of persons from . all parts of the
Union is hardly likely to be regarded wjth favor at
first thought, but the committee accompanies the
announcement with good and sufficient reasons for
the choice.
It appears from the' circular that at the meeting in
Los Angeles the board of directors indicated a prefer
ence for Charleston by a larger and more decisive
vote than has been given for any place of meeting
within the last ten years. Notwithstanding that fact
the executive committee, to whom the decision was
referred, took into consideration the claims of other
cities and visited several of them before deciding.
They found the Charleston people had taken steps to
provide for the convention, and had made arrange
ments "of so satisfactory a nature that no objection
could be found. In fact, the committee say: "There
is no condition which has ever been asked by the
association of the inviting city, that has not been an
ticipated and met in the most generous manner by
the city of Charleston."
As a further reason for selecting that place for the
convention the report says:, "The committee were
deeply impressed by the earnest appeal of the citizens
of Charleston, indorsed with equal earnestness by the
leading educators and the press of the South, that the
present is a most opportune time for the National
Educational Association to lend its aid in. support of
the recent revival of educational interests in the
South, which is no less manifest than is the industrial
revolution throughout the same territory. More
over, the committee could not fail to recognize the
new national spirit which has arisen from co-opera
tion in the recent Spanish-American war, and which
suggests the certain and valuable results that will fol
low a closer and more helpful fellowship in solving
the peaceful and important problems of national life
and education. While it is believed that the associa
tion can do a great national service by meeting in
Charleston, it is also believed that both profit and
pleasure will come in large measure to those teachers
of the North and the West who take this opportunity
to gain a* personal acquaintance with the South and its
peculiar social and educational conditions, and at the
same time enjoy the courtesies of a typical Southern
city, famous for its hospitality as well as for its many
interesting historical associations and surroundings."
The reasons given are sufficient to justify the
choice. It is true Charleston ha 3 not been known as
a summer resort, and that in July the weather will be
trying upon the delegates from the Northern States,
but for all that the city is not without its summer
time attractions. It is, moreover, desirable that the
Educational Association do all in its power to en
courage public education in the Southern States, and
the general gathering of distinguished educators
there will have a marked influence in that direction.
During the last decade South Carolina has not only
entered upon a new era in its history, but has made
a notable advance in the development of a new order
of things. The industrial spirit of the people has
been awakened to such an extent that the census of
this year will rank that State in cotton manufacturing
second only to Massachusetts. New industries re
quire, of course, new education, and with the fac
tories now springing up in all parts of the common:
wealth there will come a demand for better schools
and longer terms of yearly instruction... At the
Charleston convention the members of the associa
tion will have an opportunity to study the educational
conditions of the South to the best advantage, and
good results may be expected both for the educators
and for the hospitable people who entertain them.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, /WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14. 1900.
6
Than Thomas R. Bard no more representative man, no man of higher In
tegrity can be found in the State of California. The State is to be congratulated,
for it will be ably represented in Washington.ADVEBTISEMENTS.
An Alleged Murderer Captured.
Sergeant Ellis and Detectives McMahon
and Tom Burke last night arrested a Chi
nese named Suey Lungr. on Dupont street,
and brought him to the California-street
Station and held him pending investiga
tion. He Is under. suspicion of being the
murderer of .Wong Dungan, who waa shot
Loyal Legion Reunion.
The California Commandery of the
Military Order of the Loyal Legion Is In
a prosperous state. On February 21 there
will be a meeting of Companions at Los
Angreles. A large party, including the re
corder. Colonel "W. R. Smedberg, will go
from this city to attend the reunion.
There Is to be a meeting? of Companions
at San Diego on February 26, which will
be attended by the recorder and others.
A WORD ABOUT ELECTRICITY. 1
0 \X»' ~^ydU-// The whole life principle, the narve force, the concentrated g
tt energy, or the' health element of our being, is electricity. Disease &
C* /£^N?*iffiffi Jji^S^X a °d electricity cannot agree; consequently, where the latter goes S
fi .the former must vacate, as electricity holis the higher card. 1 p
8 /^^^^X^lliffPS^^f^ * have never yet found a case of Saminal Weakness, Rheumatism, g
8 **t™y\ \ Weak Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or Varicocele that could exist after g
P iff \ ''lC*^^^ i^S^fi'^l ! ' S« the P ro P er application of this life-giving element through my §;
l^^^^&^ Dr. Sanden Electric Belt. |
8 ' / ' y \ in many cases my appliances have cured those whom doctors o
« have given up as lost. Why? Simply because they had been giving their patients drugs for 8
g diseases upon which they had no effect. It effected over 8000 cures during 1899. Is not that 8
§ sufficient proof of its value? Callto-day and get a free trial treatment of my Belt, or send for g
» free book, " THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all. In buying, see that the letter |
S "S" is perforated upon each cell of the battery, as all others are imitations. 8
8 Consultation and advice free. Offije hours 9to 8 ; Sundays 10 to 1. 8
y 131 tfi p WgiJWl ' Aim m WKiMu' fli I Iff ilVJfllS >fl J»"V"ifl T PH^g O
X" NEyER.SOLD-IN DRUG STORES. »
1 DR. T. A. SANDEN, c o-fakrelljstreet, |
g 11914 SOUTH SPRING STREET. LOS ANGELES, CAL. RUSSEL BUILDING. PORTLAND. OR. S
Killed by Giant Powder.
CASCADE, B. C, Feb. 13.— William
Rice, employed by the Light and Power
Company, was killed by an explosion of
griant powder this afternoon. He was
thawing out the powder, when It ex
ploded.
Pioneer Passes Away.
ANGELS CAMP, Feb. 13.— Joshua Jones
Sr. died at Altaville yesterday at tho age
of 73 years. He was one of the pioneers
of Calaveras County and well known in
the State. He leaves several children, all
of whom are married.
Self respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
H. Lesser, 717 Market street,
Will sell to-morrow 1000 pairs of boys'
shoes for only 85c a pair. Remember, all
sizes from 11 to 5& can be had at the sale
Of Shoes. •
COLOSSAL BUNKO GAME.
Swindler Miller Said to Have Taken
in a Million Dollarß.
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— The Evening
"World to-day says: Cecil Leslie, "press
agent" and employe of the Miller 520 per
cent swindle, hag made a long confession
to the Evening World. Briefly epitomized,
Leslie says:
"The Franklin syndicate was a colossal
bunko game. Some of the men interested
in the concern were formerly managers of
Lyons & Co. and the E. S. Dean Company
in this city, which were run on similar
lines. Miller must have gathered at least
$1,000,000 out of the scheme— probably
more."
RULERS OF THE WORLD.
Meat-Eating Nations Are the Leaders
in Every Branch of Human
Achievement.
The ruling nations of the world are meat
eaters and history records that they al-
ways have been.
Vegetarians and food cranks may ex-
plain this in any way they choose, but thft
facts remain that the Americans. Eng-
lish. French. Russians and Germans ar->
meat eating nations, and they are also the
most energetic and most progressive.
The principal food of the heroic Boer
soldier known aa Biltong, is a sort of <Jrle«l
beef, affording a great deal of nourish-
ment in a highly concentrated form.
The weak races of people are the rle»
eatlnsr Chinese. Hindoos and Siamese, re-
garded since the dawn of history as non-
progresslve, superstitious and inferior
physically and mentally to the meat eat-
ing nations who dominate them.
The structure of the teeth plainly indi-
cates that human beings should subsist
upon a variety of food, meat, fruit and
grains, and it is unhygienic to conflno
one's diet to any one of those classes to
the exclusion of another.
Meat is the most concentrated and most
easily digested of foods, but our manner
of living is often so unnatural that tha
digestive organs refuse to properly digest
meat, eggs, and similar nutritious and
wholesome food, but it Is not because
such food is unwholesome, but the real
reason is that the stomach lacks, from
disease or weakness, come necessary di-
gestive element: hence arising 1 indigestion
and later on, chronic dyspepsia.
Nervous people should eat plenty of
meat, convalescents should make meat tha
principal food, hard working people hava
to do so. and brain workers and ofßca
men should eat, not so much meat but at
least once a day and to Insure Its perfect
digestion one or two of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets should be taken after each
meal, because they supply the peptones,
diastase and fruit acids, lacking In every
case of stomach trouble.
Nervous dyspepsia, catarrh of stomach,
gastritis, sour stomach, g-a3 and acidity
are only different names for Indigestion,
the failure to digest wholesome food, and
the use of Stuart's Tablets cures them
all because by affording perfect digestion,
the stomach has a chance to rest and re-
cover Its natural tone and vigor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the real
household medicine; it is as safe and
pleasant for the stomachache of the baby
as it is for the Imperfect digestion of Us
grand sire.
They are not a cathartic, but a diges-
tive, and no pill habit can ever follow their
use; the only habit Stuart's Tablets in-
duces is the habit of good digestion and
consequently good health.
A little book on stomach diseases mailed
free by addressing F. ,A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall. Mich. All drug stores sell the tab-
lets at 50 cents for complete treatment.
TO IMPROVE
YUBA RIVER
Extensive Operations to
Be Commenced.
Special Dispatch t» The Call
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 13.— The people of
Tuba and Sutter counties are greatly
pleased with the general outcome of the
extra session, and particularly so with
the passage of the river Improvement bills
f>o energetically pushed by their repre
sentatives. Senator Cutter and Assembly
man Raub. These bills were passed at
the regular session a year ago, but one,
although signed by the Governor, was
invalid because of errors in enrollment,
and the other reached the chief execu
tive too late for action. It was largely
through the efforts of the Senator and
Assemblyman that the bills were included
in the work of the extra session.
The first bill, as shown by its title, re
creates the office of Commissioner of Pub
lic Works, without which the auditing
board to such Commissioner would be a
body without a head. The second bill
amends the auditing board act so that
the operations of the board, heretofore
confined to Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers, may be extended elsewhere, and
particularly to the Feather Kiver, where
there Is pressing need for it.
Now that the bills are laws, the audit
ing board and the Commissioner can pro
ceed to construct such works on Feather
River as will be of the greatest benefit
to the county of Sutter in the way of
preventing overflow. It is understood the
work will be commenced very shortly.
The United States engineers have rec
ommended an appropriation of $SOO,OOO to
be expended in the construction of im
pounding works on the Yuba River and
the cutting of a new outlet which will
relieve the city of Marysville in a great
measure from the danger of o\'erflow. If
approved by the Secretary of War and
by Congress, this amount, together with
the $250,000 already appropriated by the
State, will very likely be spent in such
work this summer, which will make lively
times in this section.
The Legislature, at the extra session,
passed a joint resolution introduced by
Camlnetti, urging the Government appro
priation mentioned, and it will likely be
made.
HO POOLSELLING
IT STATE FAIR
Sacramento's Stringent
Anti-Gambling Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 13.-Mayor Clark
and President Ing of the Board of Trus
tees this afternoon signed the anti-pool
room ordinance and it will go into effect
on March 1. The original proponents of
the measure intended that it should affect
only the pernicious poolroom evil as It
existed downtown, and they had no desire
to prevent the Bale of pools at the Sep
tember race nieeting in connection with
the State fair. Accordingly an ordinance
was framed which excluded the State fair
races from the prohibition. As amended
by Trustee Ing, and as finally passed,
however, the ordinance was made to cover
the State fair poolselllng, as well as the
regular business of the downtown pool
rooms.
The people of Sacramento are now con
fronted by an Interesting state of affairs.
Attorneys of prominence declare that the
ordinance, if enforced, will prevent pool
celling at the State fair races, and it is
quite generally conceded that, no mat
ter how vicious the poolroom as an insti
tution may be, a State Fair will prove ex
tremely tame without the sale of pools In
some form or other. Mayor Clark is
pledged to an enforcement of the ordi
nance, and he has reiterated this pledge
from various pulpits, to which he had
been called by the approving pastors to
address their flocks, and from the stage
of a public meeting of citizens called to
urge the passage ot an anti-poolroom or
dinance.
One director of the State Board of Agri
culture, who desired his name withheld,
said .to-day that If the Agricultural So
ciety could go back to the old plan of
auction pools and paris mutuels it would
be something, but under the present or
dinance this cannot be done. Last year,
said this official, the society got over
JlB.OOO out of the bookmakers, and, profit
ing by the prestige of the last successful
fair, $20,000 or $22,000 could be expected
next September. Under the old parl mu
tuel plan the society never realized in one
year more than $9000 profit. Since it al
ways requires some close figuring to make
the fair a success, said this director. It
will be seen that the falling off in Income
from this source would seriously affect
the finances this year.
Corporation Counsel Johnson, when
spoken to on the subject of the ordinance
and its relation *.o the State Fair, made
the cheerful observation that the fair was
yet a long way off. It Is not improbable,
men about town think, that by next Sep
tember the antl-gambllng crusade will
have parted with something of its present
snnp and vigor, and that the merry shout
of the bookmaker may again be heard at
the State Fair grounds.
successful, would enable Carnegie to con- !
flscate Frick's interest in the firm at prob
ably not much over 33 per cent of its real
value- that is, say, not over $6,000,000 lor
what, on the basis of Carnegie's option.
was worth $16,238,000. This scheme. Frick
says, he can prove waa to reinstate ana
make operative an unexecuted and aban
doned so-called ironclad agreement of 1887.
which related solely to Carnegie Bros. &
Company, limited, and never did include
the Carnegie Steel Company, limited: and
also to attempt to make binding on Frick
another so-called ironclad agreement of
1892. which Carnegie never before had ex
ecuted, which Henry Phipps had always
refused to execute and which many other
partners had never signed. This agree
ment, contemplated in 18D2, Carnegie
knew, as Frick now alleges, was absolute
ly void in IK)9, and yet Carnegie appears
at a meeting of the board of managers of
the Carnegie Steel Company, limited, held
January 8. 1900, in Frick's absence, and
passed false and misleading resolutions
whereby he attempted to make operative
and reinstate the so-called ironclad agree
ment of ISS7 and also directed his co-part
ners to sign the so-called agreement of
1592, which neither he nor many of them
had heretofore executed. All this, it is
alleged, Carnegie did secretly and pur
posely conceal the knowledge thereof
from Frick. ,
Carnegie was enabled to control his
partners because most of them still owed
the firm money for their Interests and
Carnegie, dominating the firm by a ma
jority Interest, they were unwilling or un
able to withstand his demands. Carnegie
induced some of his co-partners to sign
the co-called agreement of 1592 and then
without warning sprung upon Frick a no
tice on January 15, 1900, which he has also
caused his co-partners secretly to sign
and which was based upon the pretended
existence of the so-called Ironclad agree
ments.
Carnegie followed this notice by com
pelling on February 1. 1900, Schwab, the
president of the company, to transfer on
the books of the company all Prick's In
terests In the Carnegie Steel Company,
limited, to the said company, and he now
pretends that he (Carnegie) can practi
cally dictate to Frick the value at which
he will take the Interests. He claims that
Frick is not entitled to anything for the
good will of the company, nor entitled to
have hia interests valued as of a growing
concern, but that he (Carnegie) can use
old and obsolete figures which have stood
on the books for years in many respects
unchanged, so as to reduce the value of
Frick's interests to the neighborhood, he
hopes, of about $6,000,000. As Carnegie
owns one-half of the Carnegie Steel Com
pany, limited, he will, therefore, own
more than one-half of the 6 per cent
which Frick sells, and if he can thus ac
quire 3 per cent of Frick's holdings for
what would amount to about $3,000,000 he
will make a net profit off that transaction
alone, based on his own selling price as
above stated, in the neighborhood of
$5,000,000.
Frick further says that never sinca ISS7
had either firm attempted to force a part
ner to sell. That no interest whatever
was *.ver acquired under the so-called
agreement of ISS7. and none under the one
of 1892, except that at tiine3 when the
financial condition and earning power of
the company were radically different the
company did purchase the interests of
three deceased partners, but by an ami
cable and satisfactory arrangement with
the representative of each. Neither in the
whole history of both firms was it ever
supposed that any partner had placed
himself in such condition that Carnegie
could through personal malice force him
from the firm, and that lor Carnegie to
attempt this in 1900 througn the guise of
proposed agreements which Jookoa to the
honor and well being of the firm, to grat
ify his personal malice, was most viciou3
and fraudulent misconstruction and mis
use of the same.
">'he bill alleges that the new partnership
of the Carnegie Steel Company, limited,
is not a limited but a general partnership,
but Frick is unwilling to take advantf.jre
of what he believed to be n limited part
nership until he was advised otherwise
after this controversy arose, and he there
fore offers:
(a) To sell his Interests In the firm at what
the business men will Judre them fairly to b«
(b) To execute new papers makln* a ralld.
bindlnsr. limited partnership, and to continue
the firm In all respects as it was Intended here
tofore to do.
<c) To continue the firm even If It Is a iren
eral partnership and all arc Individually relia
ble, provided he be allowed to participate in
the management, because to leave the sole
manaee-ment to Carnegie would result eventu
ally as he (Frick) believes In financial loes.
(d) If Carnecie refuses all thsse offers then
he asks the court to dissolve the partnership
and have a receiver appointed to sell the prop
erty and pay the debts and distribute the bal
ance.
Mr. McCook also called attention to the
fact that three of the oldest partners —
Henry M. Phipps Jr., Henry M. Curry and
F. T. F. Lovejoy— and several smaller
holders of Interests are In sympathy with
Frick and opposed to Carnegie's present
attempt.
The bill was not filed until 5 o'clock
this afternoon and the Carnegie Steel
Company was not notified of the suit,
owing to the lateness of the hour. A copy
of the bill will be sent to the defendants
to-morrow.
and killed at 425 Dupont street on Decem
ber 17 of last year. It la said that L.un?r
has been In hiding since then and that ha
made his first appearance on the streets
last nlsrht and was immediately taken Into
custody by the officers, who were on th^
lookout for him. Sergeant Kills Is cer
tain that he can convict the prisoner of
the crime, as he has a number of wit
nesses who will testify that Lung fired the
fatal shot.
NKW YORK. Feb. 13.— Congressman Charles A. Chickering of Copenhagen.
X. T., was found dead outside the Grand Union Hotel in this city to-day.
He had either fallen or jumped from a fourth-story window of the hotel.
The body was found under ihe open window of his room, which was on
the fourth floor, and evidently it had been lying there for some time, as
the clothing was soaked with rain. There was a large gash in the right side of
the head. Mr. Chickering had been in the hotel all day yesterday and had com
plained considerably of rheumatism, but nothing irrational had been noticed In
his actions. A dispatch from Albany says that Mr. Chickering's friends there
have been aware that for some time he was afflicted with melancholia, following
a severe attack of typhoid fever.
Charles A. Chickering was born at Harrisburg, Lewis County, N. V., No
vember 26, 1543. He was educated in the common schools and at the Lowville
Academy. He was a School Commissioner of Lewis County from 1565 to 1875; mem
ber of the Assembly in 1879, 18S0 and 1SS1; also clerk of the Assembly In; 185)4,
being re-elected in the years from and Including 18S5 to 1890. He was elected to
the Fifty-third Congress and re-elected three times.
Note^ — Candidates are required to do all
ten examples. Full work must be shown:
1. How many feet of inch lumber in a
tight board fence 10 feet high around a
circular athletic field 420 yards in diam
eter?
2. A rectangular block of wood Is 2 feet
long. 18 Inches wide and 15 inches thick.
A square hole 3 Inches by 4 inches is cut
through from side to side. How many cu
bic inches in the remainder?
3. How many blocks, each 2% Inches by
3 inches by 3& Inches, can be cut out of a
stick of timber 12 inches by 13 Inches and
20 feet long, making no allowance for
waste in sawing? ¦
4. Find the value of the 2-inch lumber
necessary in buildlne a 6-foot sidewalk
around a city square 80 rods by 60 rods (In
side measurement) at J22 per 1000 board
C £ Find the area In square inches of a
AMUSEMENTS.
THE LATE CHARLES A. CHICKERING.
triangle the base of -which Is 23 Inches and
the perpendicular height 9 Inches.
6. Find the cost of frllding 15 pillars each
2S feet high and 14 Inches in diameter at
20 cents per square foot.
7. How many cubic inches In a sphere 43
Inches in diameter, considering that tho
diameter Is to the circumference as 7 i 3
to 22?
8. A map of a county Is drawn on %
scale of one-tenth of an inch to a mile;
what area on the map will represent 11,520
acres in extent?
9. Deduct a discount of 40. 5 and 1 per
cent from a bill of J3956 40.
10. A three months' note for $1200 falls
due on May 4. It Is renewed for thre«
months, with Interest at 7 per cent added
to the face. The new note is discounted
May 10 at 6 per cent. Find the cash pro
ceeds.
Argue with
Kidney °*
Liver Disease
USE
Warner's Safe Cure
THE ONLY SPECIFIC-
Begin To-day. Sold by all dru)g'sts.
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their an
swers. Certificates will be granted in each course to student.3 whose examin
ation papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all pa
pers to The Home Study Circle. The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers
"Examination."
Directions: "Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than on<»
course should mail their examinations In separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage la fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates ¦will b« arranged In three groups accord
ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent, (2> rood, (3) fair.
Note— Candidates are required to an- friends to another, a letter asking a per
swer all five questions. tonal favor. Let these letters be specl
1. Write an original essay or short story tnens of your best penmanship.
of not more than 2000 word?. 4. A girl friend has 125 to spend la
2. "Write an original critical review of books for a library for herself. She asks
some book you have read. Tell something your advice. What books would you sug
about the books you have read during the gest?
last four months. 5. What are the six most Immediately
3 Prepare three model letters as fol- helpful things which you have learned
lows: A letter acknowledging a Christ- from the papers on "Personal Accounts
mas gift, a letter introducing one of your and Money Affairs?"
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
FRAUD CHARGED
TO CARNEGIE
Suit Filed Against the
Millionaire.
SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS MADE
SOUGHT TO SWINDLE HIS
PARTNER.
Gigantic Deal of a Shady Character
Whereby Henry Frick Was
Deprived of Millions
of Dollars.
PITTS3URG, Pa., Feb. 13.— Henry
Frick filed a bill in equity to-day in the
Court of Common Pleas No. 1 of Alle
gheny County against Andrew Carnegie
and the Carnegie Steel Company, Limited.
praying:
First— For a decree that the pretended trans
fer of his interests in the company vu and is
null and void, and that he is still the owner of
all such interests and Is entitled in every law
ful way to represent and act for the same.
Second— For an injunction restraining the de
fendants from any interference with his inter
ests in the said company and from excluding
him from participation In the care and manage
ment of the assets and business.
Third— A decree ordering the defendants to
cancol upon the books of the firm any assign
ment or transfer heretofore made or pretended
to be made to said association of the plaintiff.*
interested in the firm.
Fourth— A decree ordering the defendants to
cancel and erase all Interests upon the books
of the firm of the Carnegie Steel Company,
limited, of unfair and improper valuations of
Its assets and of the plaintiff's interest therein,
and to cause the said books so to be kept as
to fairly and fully show the real value of the
Carnegie Steel Company, limited, and the plain
tiff's interest therein.
Fifth — In case the defendant shall refuse the
offer* made by the plaintiff and shall refuse
to continue the said business and allow him
to participate in the management and control
thereof and of the properties of the Carnegie
Bteel Company, limited, in conjunction with
themselves, and shall insist upon the exclusive
management by themselves of said business
and assets, and shall continue to exclude the
plaintiff from his interest In the business and
assets of the said firm, that the court will
thereupon allow the plaintiff to declare the
said firm of the Carnegie Steel Company, lim
ited, dlsEolved and appoint a receiver to take
charce of all the business and assets of the
said firm, permitting said receiver to fulfill the
unperformed contracts and do whatever shall
be necessary In and about the proper liquida
tion of its affairs, and that, after the con
version of the entire assets of the company
Into money and the payment of the debts of
the said company, the court will then distribute
the balance thereof among the partners in
proportion to their interests.
Sixth— That an account be taken between
Carnegie and the plaintiff •whereby Carnegie
shall be charged with all the losses, expenses
and damage he has caused by his illegal and
fraudulent conduct, and that If Carnegie per
sists in his satd fraudulent scheme and refuses
the offers hereinbefore made and thus causes
the actual dissolution of the firm, all losses)
Incurred by the plaintiff by reason of the said
dissolution and forced winding up of the firm
*hall be charged against him, and that he shall
be decreed to make srood and pay to the plain
tiff the difference between what his Interest
was fairly worth on or about February 1, 1900.
and. the amount he shall receive through the
decree of thla court In final liquidation and
settlement of the eald firm.
The bill in equity is quite lengthy and as
summarized by Willis L. Cook, counsel for
Mr. Frick, is as follows:
In 1592 there were two limited partner
ships (1) called Carnegie Bros. «& Co.,
limited, with a capital of $5,000,000. whloh
mads steel rails and owned only the Etl
gar Thomson Steel Rail mill In Bract
dock Township, and (2), called Carnegie,
Phlppd & Co., limited, with a capital of
$5,000,000, which made all kinds of ste-31
plates, structural material. Iron forging,
made the material for and built bridges,
made armor plates and made material for
the same. This latter firm owned the
Upper and Lower Mills in Pittsburg. the
extensive Homestead Mills at Homestead,
the Keystone Uridg-o "Works in Pittsburg,
the Armor Plate Mill near Homestead,
the Hartman Steelworks in Beaver Couii
ty and other properties. Carnegie owned
over 50 per cent of each of the old firms
and he, with Frick, Phipps and others
owning Interests in each, formed, in ISO 2,
what constituted a new partnership called
the Carnegie Steel Company, limited. In
this Carnegie retained over 50 per cent
and now has SSV6 per cent, while r*rick
has 6 per cent. Both old firms were
merged into the new, which had a capi
tal of $25,000,000 and operated all the old
works. This new firm was under the im
mediate care and supervision of Frick, aa
chairman, from 1592 to December, 1833. It
greatly enlarged the capacity of its dif
ferent works, enlarged their output and
purchased other plants, ore mines, etc.
Carnegie lived in New York, passed
much of his time abroad, remaining away
at one time for eighteen consecutive
months. He did not pretend to manage
the current business, although he was
consulted as to Important matters. The
business from 1892 to 1900 was enormously
profitable, growing by leaps and Jumps
from year to year, until in 1599 the firm
actually made on low-priced contracts in
net profits, after paying expenses of all
kinds. $21,000,000.
In November, 1899, Carnegie estimated
the net profits for 1900 at $40,000,000, and
Frick then estimated them at $42,000,000.
Carnegie valued the entire property at
over $250,000,000 and avowed his ability in
ordinarily prosperous times to sell the
property on the London market for £100,
000,000, or $500,000,000. In May, ISD9. Car
negie actually received in cash and still
holds $1,170,000. given him as a mere bonus
for his ninety days' option to sell his 58V4
per cent interest In this steel company for
$157,950,000. Frick's 6 per cent on that basis
would be worth $16,238,000.
Frick now alleges, right at the head of
this enormously successful business
whereby at least In part he made for Car
negie these enormous profits and values,
that Carnegie suddenly and with malevo
lent intent toward him, on December 4,
1593, arbitrarily demanded of him his res
ignation as chairman, and this without
any reason except to gratify Carnegie's
malice. Frick, in the interest of harmony,
gave his resignation, and subsequently,
on the 11th day of January. 1900, after
Carnegie had thus deprived him of his
ofllce. he demanded of Frick that he
(Frick) should sell to the firm his interest
in it at a figure which would amount to
less than half of what ' this interest is
fairly worth. Frick refused to sell at that
price, but offered to sell and allow three
men to value theinterest sold. Carnegie
refused this and 'left Frick, threatening
him for not yielding to his demand.
Frick now alleges that after his resigna
tion and at the time of this last Interview
Carnegie was fraudulently and secretly,
without Frick's knowledge or consent, at
tempting to carry out a scheme, which, if
WAEKEE'S BSMEDIES.
TRAGIC DEATH OF A
NEW YORK CONGRESSMAN
THE SAX FRAXOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Nothing Injurious In I
Bronchiai Troches
? ereat relief for cxmgha, hoarse-
ness, throat and lung: troubles.
John I. Brown & Son. Boston.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLD— Kroga Mfg. Co.. 3 Stevenson
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator A Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. U Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is filling
large numbers of orders for Nome. 141-113
First St., S. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATIN'O Oil. Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN St McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift GoM-Bearing Sacds perfectly. In opera-
tion at C 5 SUth st. BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for slutc- boxaa;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market at.
[Free Tickets!
B TO THB g3
| Orpheum! [
¦ B
Jjj BUT TOUR B
I Lenox and j
j[ Ivory Soap 1
'¦ S SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND @
' GET FREE TICKETS TO THB B
! ¦ ORPHSUM. a
¦ ¦
j S The Johnson-Locke I
| Mercantile Co., g
(3 204 FRONT STREET, §
g| BAH FRANCISCO, ¦
H WUI Exchange for Lenox and Ivory S
y Bo*p Wrapper! ¦•
¦ FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM £
_, UNDER THE Tt>LLOWING CON- O
E DITIONB: B
§ If Ton Want aKo Reserved Beat B
I B Send S5 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP la
¦ Or It Wrappers of IVORY SOAP n
a Or else «end 15 Wrappers of LENOX 12
E= SOAP and « "Wrappers of IVORY BOAP JJ
f* If You Want a COc Reserved Seat B
D 6«nd M Wrappera of LENOX BOAP Q
SOr 84 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ra
Or else send 28 Wrapper* of LEN'OX S
„ BOAP and 12 Wrapper* of IVORT SOAP ¦¦
•JIHESiSBBBIBBIIDIHHBfIB
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
rarU. 1. EBPIC ; Htw Ytrk, E. 70UOSBA * CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
? »»••••»»•• ¦•-•*¦ + »»»»?»•»•»»
I: Palace and :
I: Grand Hotels \
* ' Fcr nearly a quarter of a century the ' F
< ' leading hotels on the Pacific Coast, f
< • With added improvements and con- < •
? venlences they continue to be the head- < •
? quarters for tourists and travelers vis- <>
I ltlns; San Franclaco. . ?
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. „,
T Manager. 4 ,
,?»••••»«>»»¦»-•»¦».?»«»>»»«?»+,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A OKEAT KESTOKATIVK, J_NViGOilA-
tor and Nervine.
Tbe moat wonderful aphrodisiac aad Special
Tonic for the Eexual Organs for both (sexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
beys «n<. Bladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNB, Agenta,
m Market street. B. P.— (Send for Circular).
DDTTCUI7C fo r barbers, bak-
IJXI. U Oil HO *"• bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyera. flour mills, foundries, laundrlea, paper-
hanrere, printer*, painter*, shoe factories, ita-
tiimtD, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANVN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
AjtfUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"Hoot Mon,Xothing f sSafe Around Him"
FIFTH WEEK
Of the Enormous Triumph, the Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Every Evening: at t. Matinee Saturday at 2.
And Easiness Is Larger Than Ever.
POPULAR PRICES - - 25 and CO cents.
Telephone— Bush 9.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. U to 24, Inclusive
Six high-class running races every week
day, rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
Tbe ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons fttep directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb fraud stand, giass-encloeed. where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
f-00 10:40 and 11:30 a. m., and 12:15. 12:36. 12:60
and 1:26 V- ni., returning immediately after
last rac« at 4:46 p. m. Seats in rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing- Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
Ban Jo«e and Way Stations— Arrive' at San
Bruno at 12:*& 9. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
RATES-^Saii FrancUco to Tanforan and re-
turn including admission to track, 51. 25.
" W. J. MARTIN, President.
p. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
CONCEBTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND^OO.f B T^2S oon
MAJOR MITE: RUTH NEL.TA and PICKAN-
NINY: BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN; PAUL
LA CROIX: GEORGE BYRD; VOLKYRA and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
AMATEURS' GARDEN PARTY.
SATURDAY NIGHT CA X E WALK..
Phone for Seata PARK 23.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Enginei and Boilers:
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davw »v.
HENSHAW. BUCKLEY* CO., Pump»,Steaiaan4
Ga*«lin* Enclnes. Boilers. M and 2g Fremont.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
THIS WEEK £?£=«
The Jelly farce from the Madison Squart Th«-
ater. New Tork, entitled.
Oh! Susannah
R ieAT«f D 15c7~25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
VkV* "THE PRODIGAL FATHER n
THE "GOOD-DY" WEEK.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF THE
!=• F* f\ \A/ L EL *V C:O/V%F»/\1N>'.
August in Daly's Charming Comedy,
AIJ UNCONVEUTIONALHOHEYMOON
= : '" SPECIAL fj =
Frt(s*jr Afternoon— EXTßA MATINEE.
"MADAME EANS-QEXE."
JCext Sunday Afternoon— The Funniest Farce
Comedy Ev«-r S#*n Here. "WHO IS WHO."
20 — Beautiful Girls In the Company — JO.
i A BRILLIANTg^g I^ GEM!
f - THE FAMOUS -
BOSTONIANS
In the N'ewwt Wcrk by Victor Herbfrt. THE
VICEROY.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
Feb IS— Last Week of THE BOSTONIANS.
Monday and Thursday. ..."THE SERENADE"
Tupfday and Friday "THE VICEROY"
Wdnesdav and Saturday Nights and Saturday
Matin** -ROBIN HOOD-
FEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
MATINEE TO-DAY. "WEDNESDAY. FEB. 14.
Parquet. 25c; balcony, 10c; Children, 10c any
tVERY ACT OF THE NEW BILL
A WINNER!
CUEHMAN. HOLCOMBE and CURTIS In the
Musical Comedy. "THE NEW TEACHER."
MONROE &. MACK: ROMALO BROTHERS:
I'EJTTS and DON; FRANK COFFIN; BLACK
7 UVTONS; MR. and MRS. PERKINS-
MSHER; IRENE FRANKLIN: BIOGRAPIL
LAST WEEK OF
PAPIINTA.
Matinee* Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERMOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN £22.
THE CRY IS STILL THEY COME!
CROWDED NIGHTLY.
GRCAT RrCCEPS OF THE SECOND EDITION
Of the Most Glorious of All Extravaganzas.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Rew>rved Seat In Orchestra at Saturday
&!a.tlnee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
(the people' s popular play house.)
phone south 770.
EVERY EVENING AT 8:15.
MATINEE DAILY AT 2:15.
"AS lIS REALITY"
THE!
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURE**.
Contest will begin promptly aa announced,
cxing to th« fight coins the limit— twenty-flve
rounda.
Matinee. SSe and We; Children, 15c Even-
ings (reserved), l&c, Kc. 25c, tOe and 75c
•Of V7i/7^//l BODY ST.,
KJ L. ¥ IV i i I f-\ COH. MASON
THB ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE BHOW IN
THE CITY.
EN-aAOEMENT EXTRAORDINART.
TRIXEDA,
The Greatest Beauty on tht Vaudeville Eta**.
TULLE. THELM/l,
In New Po*ea PlastlQne.
The Famous DE MEIR SISTERS,
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERT BCXDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVEnY FRIDAY.
lA/. T. HESS.
KOTABT IVdllC AHO ATTOBNCT-AT-LIW,
Tenth Floor, Room ICIS, cllub SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown SO.
Resident*. £21 CalUorola at., below Powell,
tbM i'r* ncieco. JNew York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Feb. 13.— The stock market
peve evidence to-<2ay that the selling move
ment to take profits which developed about
the mlfliile of last week .had run Its course.
The professional operators in stocks who hes
itated to resume operations on the eve of a
double holiday v.-ere buyers at the opening to
day. There was no evidence of renewal of
outside demand, but the professional traders
bought with confidence and maintained prices
quite firmly. There were quite notable ad
*ance» in the local traction sto-.k? due to In
dividual causes, the principal one being a
rumor that Metropolitan was about to take
over Third Avenue. There was a heavy de
mand from short* In the group driven to cover,
thus affording material aid to the advance.
Otherwise the strength of the market was
due to the general favorable outlook for busl
r.ess and indurtry. The day's return* of rail
road earn'.ncs were all extraordinarily favor
eb!e, but the trunk line railroad stocks showed
the most conspicuous effects of the Improved
condition of th«* rate Kltuation and the con
tinued large volume of merchandise traffic.
Pennsylvania rose 5"-i. Baltimore and Ohio
preferred rose ever 2 points, being greatly
effected by the Jar.u.iry statement of earnings,
¦which showed practically all of the increase
In pros? firaings suved fcr net. with th«» re
ra'.t'.ng Increase In the latter of over J6SI 000
or nearly ILS per o»nt. The Iron and Me»l
etocks were all notably rtronfr on the jrrowlng
•viflpnees cf a continuance of last year's large
AemaxiA for all grade* cf Iron product. The
Bfocunt of. ci essurlr.g prosperity to the South*
crn section of the country. The rubber BtockK
broke sharply without explanation. Xot much
sccourt was taken of the money nutlock and
cf the opinions of careful observers that a
period of hiphf-r rates I*. Ilkelv in the near
future, owing to the renewed absorption of
funds by the treasury and the cessation of the
rnovwurat of funds from the Interior to V«?w
Tork on account of active business, fipecula
tor« are inclined to <sifcount a probable In
flation of the currency by the pending financial
bill.
There waf a g"M b-jfiness in bonds at mix*!
rTic* changes. Total sales, par value, J2,i50.-
T'nited Ftates bor.fis are unchanged in the
bid quotations.
ICETW TORK STOCK LIST.
1.300 Atchison .. ¦-•-•-«-••••••••••••..... 21
7.2 M Atchison ptrfii $31/
15,827 Baltimore & OJilo C3»i
1 700 Canadian I'adtic &>'•&,
Canada Southern 49
I.CIO Chesapeake & Ohio 29%
1.775 Ohlcapo Great Western jjt^
4,900 Chicago nurlinsrton & Qulncy 12;*'
Chicago Ind & Louisville |«z
Chlenjro Ind & Louisville prefd «5
100 Chicago & Eastern 111in0i5..... «1%
Chlcaro & Northwestern ici
5.840 Chlcairo R^k Island Sc Pacific 109
100 C C C & St Louie 61
LllO Colorado Southern G«£
„ Colorado Southern lift pr*-fd 43
1,100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd ]g
100 Delaware & Hudson 115
l>elawarc Larka wanna. & Western.. 177
BOSTON, Feb. 13.— The wool market main
tains a steady tone, but the general demand
continues quiet. The demand for quarter-blood
grades continues sharp and some good lines
have been bought by manufacturers. The
movement In Territory wools continues quiet
although dealers are looking for the present
values to be sustained. Fleece wools are quoted
nominally the same, with medium grades rant
lns up more nearly to the fine, the call being
largely for medium. For XX and above 35ff380
Is _ quoted, with Ohio and Pennsylvania at 38@
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 100,000 • 82 000
Wheat, bushels 72.000 84 000
Corn, bushels 933,000 82.200
Oats, bushels 655.000 839,000
Rye, bushels 15,000 10,000
Barley, bushels .'.187,000 57.000
EASTERN MARKETS.
8,100 Denver & Rio Grand* WH
160 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72%
Erie , 12"i
I.EU Erie Ist prefd 86%
400 Great Northern prefd ..169%
100 Hocking Coal 17!*
Hocking Valley 34
1.450 Illinois Central 113%
500 lowa Central 12V*
100 lowa Central prefd 53V4
7CI Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 6
Lake Erie * Western 20
Lake Erie & Western prefd S3Vi
Lake Shore 194
1.870 Louisville & Nashville Sl%
15.062 Manhattan L 93%
7.659 Metropolitan Street Railway 181%
2,620 Mexican Central 12* 4
200 Minn & St Louis 63i»
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 93
6.C.0 Missouri Pacific «H
110 Mobile & Ohio 44
100 -Missouri Kansas & Texas 10*4
1,600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 82%
100 New Jersey Central 117
2.295 New York Central 133 M.
8.355 Norfolk & Wesiern 29
6.10G Norfolk & Western prefd 73U
Z.tM Northern Pacific 63H
600 Northern Pacilic prefd "4%
2.2 M Ontario & Western 24
Oregon- Railway & Jcav 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
34,900 Pennsylvania 135%
800 Reading ISH
910 Reading Ist prefd 66%
100 Reading 2d prefd 2$H
800 Rio Grande Western 4S
Rio Grande Western prefd 56
St Louis & San Fran 10>4
Ft Louts & San Fran Ist prefd 6S
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35%
St Louis Southwestern 11
110 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27%
4,910 St Paul 123H
100 St Paul prefd 171%
f?t Paul & Omaha 116
4.400 Southern Pacific 39^i
SOO Southern Railway 12
600 Southern Railway prefd 56%
200 Texas & Pacific 16%
7,970 Union Pacific 50H
2,750 Union Pacific prefd 76"4
Wabash <
SCO Wabash prefd 20%
2.110 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10»i
MO Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27%
! £85 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies — «
Adams 115
American 147
United States '. 47
Weils-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 59%
.. American Cotton Oil prefd 93V4
700 American Malting 6%
300 American Malting prefd 27
12.653 American Smelting and Refining.... 41 T £
LSOS Am Smelting and Refining prefd.... 91%
150 American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
2,050 American Steel Hoop 47
230 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
8.6.35 American Steeel & Wire SSVi
L 740 American Steel & Wire prefd 85V4
?20 American Tin Plafe 34%
| American Tinplate prefd SO
26.760 American Tobacco IOS-T,
American Tobacco prefd 13.'%
665 Anaconda Mining Company '...4.'»g
7,046 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74%
2.310 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46%
2,473 Continental Tobacco 34%
600 Continental Tobacco prefd. S5V*
9,270 Federal Steel 66H
£50 Fedtral Steel prefd 76
General Electric 26%
245 Glucose Sugar 07
Glucose Sugar prefd Othi
2.26S Republic Iron & Steel ....1 254
150 Republic Iron and Steel prefd CS%
International Paper 234
250 International Paper prefd 6ft
Larlede Gas 76
National Hincuit 35%
National Biscuit prerd 83
600 National Lead 27%
I<X> National Lead prefd 105,4
4,i75 National Steel £,0%
National Steel jirefd 94
200 New York Air lirake 132^
Ncrth American 14'»
COO Pacific CoaFt 61%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
89S Pacific Mall 41%
I.OCO People's Gas 107%
200 Pressed Steel Car 66%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 57%
650 Pullman Palace Car isis%
100 Standard Rope and Twine 53%
21.575 Sugar 111%
Sugar prefd 113
5.900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 9**»
20,335 Vni'ed States Leather 17V 4
1.5-5O United States Leather prefd 75%
8.W3 United States Rubber 35%
1,000 United States Rubber prefd 99>4
881 Western Union prefd 83V".
P C C & St. Louis 62 "
577.000 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C 8 2s reg 102% N T Cent lsts 110 !
C S 3s reg 109% NTN T J Cent gen 55. ..123% ,
CS 3s coupon 109% .V Carolina 6s 127 ,
U S new 4s reg 134 N Carolina 4s 106 :
L" S new 4s c0up. .134 \S Pacific 3s 65%
V S old 4s reg 114%!. V Pacific 4s lCt»i
U S old 4s coup 114\;n YC& S L ICB
V S fs reg 11214 1N & W con 4s »4%
V B 5s coupon 112% IN & W gen 6s 130
Dls of Col 3. 636.. ..118 jOr Nay lsts 110
A'.chison gen 4a lOlH'Or Nar 4s 101%
Atchison adj 4b.... 82?*!(>r Short Line 65..127' i
Canada So ids lOS^jOr S Line con ss..im«
: Cl^s & Ohio 4%5.. SSV; j Heading gen 4a.... 85%
: Ches & Ohio 65. ...119 R G W lsts_ 96
C & NW con 75....140%;S L & I M con 5a.. 111%
C & NWSFdeb 55. 120 |S L & S F gen 65. 123
Chgo Terminal 45.. 93%^st Paul c0n5015.. ..167«
D & R G lsts 102% iS P C & P 1at5....119%
D&R G 4s 99 SPC& P 6s 120%
E T Va & Ga 15U.101% So Railway 6s 10SV4
Erie General 4s "1% Stand R & T 6a.. 60%
F W & D C lets.. 71% Term new set 35... S5
General Elec 6s — 117 Tex & Pac lsts 113 Vi
GH&S A 6s 107 Tex & Pae 2ds 54
GII& S A 2d5....107 Union Pacific 45.. ..104%
H&T C 5s 110 Wabash lFts 117
II & T C con 65. ..110 VTabash 2ds 89%
lowa Central lsts.ll4 West Shore 4a lW*.
X C P & O lsts.... 72%|Wis Cent lsts 91%
La new cons 4s 106>ijVa Centuries SSVA
L Sc N Unl 4s 99% Vn deferred 5'
MIC & T 2ds 'C6 l 4 Colo fz So 4s 54%
HK&T 4s 91% ISouthern Pac 45.. S3»i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IMOntarlo ( 00
Crown Point OSjOphir 65
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth 13
Deadwood 50|Qulcksllver 1 75
•Gculd & Curry 17 ' Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 23, Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 60 03l£tandard 2 00
Iron Silver C7jUnlon Con 28
Mexican 24 1 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— tVest Bnd 93
Call loans 3%@5 West End prefd.... 113
Time loans 4 ©5 West Elec prefd 61
Etocks — Wis Central I9J-i
A T & S F 20*; Dem Coal 43
A T & S F prefd.. 63H Dom Coal prefd US
American Sugar ..111% Bonds —
Am Sugar prefd. ..ll3 Atchison 4s 99
Bell Telephone 33S Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 242 Adventure 5
Boston Elevated... S8 Allouez Mm Co 3
Boston & Maine. ..loB Atlantic 24
Cngro. Bur &Q 12."fi i Boston & Mont. ...273
El Elec 111 203 j Butte & Boston . . ; . 62
Fitchburg prefd ..123 Calumet & Hecla..?ss
Oen Elec prefd 13S Centennial lgi4
Federal Steel 56>i Franklin 15U
Fed Steel prefd...*. 75% Osceola 75
Mexican Central 12*4 Parrot 45
Mich Telephone.... 100 Qulncy 140
Old Colony 205 Panta Fe Copper... 6U
Old Dominion 20H ITs ma rack 192
Rubber 33 IWinona 3%
Union Pacific 60% | Wolverines 41%
Union Land 2<4 1 Ctah 30
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. IS.-Close: Money on call,
steady at 2«?2«4; last loan. 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4^5 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at }4 S7M@* S7=i for demand and at H S4U<g>
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 13. — Some misguided traders
sold wheat early because Liverpool cables were
not encouragalng and statistics were regarded
as bearish. May opened He under Saturday at
68"ri®6S*8C, but when the big advances at Paris
and at Antwerp were received May climbed
on an active market to 69c. At this price three
fourths of the pit had wheat for sale, but sup
port was active enough to prevent any great
recession on reports of damage to the Franch
crop, giving an undertone of strength to the
market. May closed He up at 68%©65% c.
Corn was strong on cables and small country
offerings. May closed unchanged at 34% c.
The oats market lagged in spite of the
strength in the neighboring pits.
Profit-taking on a moderate scale, short sell
ing and a slack outside demand sent provisions
to the bottom.. May pork closed 20c under Sat
urday at $10 92%, May lard 7%c down at $6 07%
and May ribs 7H<3loc depression at $5 97%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
February 66%
May 68% 69 6SVi 68%
July C 9 69% 68% CSVe,
Corn No. 8—
February 82% 82% 82% 82%
May 34% 34% 34% 34^
July 85% 55% 35% 35fc
Oata No. 2—
May 23T4 24 23% 23%
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, tier bbl —
May 1110 11 12H 10 »0 10 92\4
July UI2V4 1117% 10 97% 10 97%
Lard. Der 100 lbs—
May 6 12% « 13% 6 07% 8 07%
July 6 22% 6 22% 615 615
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 605 6 07% 5 974 5 97>£
July 607K 6 07K 600 600
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 64g68c; No. 2 red,
70Vi'fe71c; No. 2 corn, 33V«c; No. 2 oats, 23^c;
No. 2 white, 25%26Hc: No. 3 white, 25%@26Vic:
No. 2 rye, 65Hc; No. 2 barley, 3S@43c; No. 1
flax eeed, $1 60; prime timothy seed, $2 D2H;
me«n pork, per bbl, $9 85©10 90; lard, per 100 lbs.
$SSS@6C2H; short-rib sides (loose), $5 9006 15
dry salted shoulders (boxed) $6 12H@6 37&; short
clear sides (boxed), $6 10@6 15; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gal, $1234; sugars, cut
loaf, 6.05 c; granulated. 6.42 c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BV4
Sterling Cables — 4 B»<4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69H
Mexican Dollars 4S 4S«,
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— RuIe firm at 37s 6d#
38s 9d, usual options. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 65.155,
against GSOO on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 4780 tons, against 25.170; on the way to
this port, 168,120 tons, against 142,700.
WHEAT — The market opened tamely enough
after the holiday, though there was more activ
ity on call. Paris showed an advance of 3c
since Saturday, but Liverpool stood about the
same. Chicago was strong with a moderate de
mand, with small orders for export. New York
was a good buyer. France took a small quan
tity. Chicago dealers, however, were bearish
and short.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01%: milling.
$1 02Vi@l 05.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $109; 4CM, $1 09H: 2000, $109%; 23,000,
$109>,i; 6000, $10S%. May— Sooo, $103%; 8000.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 03^.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$108%; 14,000, $108^4. May— 2ooo. $103%: 2000,
$103>i; 8000, $103H; 28.000. $103; 4000, $1 02«4.
Afternoon Session— May— l4,ooo ctls, $1 02%.
BARLEY— Feed rules firm at a further ad
vance, though the demand Is not brisk. The
other descriptions are unchanged.
Feed. 75@77Hc for No. 1 and 6o@72Hc for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping- grades, 80@S7Hc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctlj,
72%0.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market Is quieter again at un
changed quotations.
White. $1 10@l 30; Red. $1 07H@l 20; Gray,
$107%®117H: Black, 97Hc@$l 07^4.
CORN— Continues neglected and nominal.
Eastern White is quoted at 95c per ctl and East
tern Yellow at $I@IC2V4: mixed, 97>4c@$l.
RYE— Quoted at 97HS$1 02# per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75©3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25- per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25: Cracked Wheat. »3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6<g>7 25; In sacks, $5 75Q>
7: Pearl IJarley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs. i .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay Is quoted very dull and weak, with
free supplies here and in the country.- Bran
is also weak at the further decline already
noted and arrivals are liberal.
BRAX— SI2 505>13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7ig2O per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobblnjr.
$27 6Q-S2B; Cocoanut Cake. $20<g'21; Corn Meal.
$23@23 50; Cracked Corn, 123 50@24; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, J2S per ton.
* HAY — Wheat, $6 50*^8 50 for common to rood
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50@S 50;
Oat. *G@«; Barley, »5@7; Alfalfa. J6<S>7 £0 per
tO STRAW-2S®«loc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is very little demand for Beans at the
moment, but prices show no weakness. Seeds
are entirely nominal, with very little business.
. BBANS— Bayos, J3 25@3 35; sraall "White, 20
©3 35; large White. »2 9&1J3 10; Pinks. $2 50®
2 S5; R«l», ' J3.50;- Ulackeye. $4 50; Butters.
nominal; I^ima. ?5 15@5 25; Pea, *3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys, |3 00®4. ' • -
SEU3DS— Brown Mustard. 3@3ltc; Tellow Mus
tanl, 4@4Uc; Flax, »1 80>ff2 20; Canarj-, 3%c \>ar
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
7tf?Bc; Rape, 2<4©3c; Hemp. 4@4^ic; Timothy,
4®4Ho.
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $1 50@l 90; Green. $1 75
52 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Oniovs and Vegetables.
Potntoes are quiet and in good supply. Oniong
are weaker, under lame offerings.
Supplies of Vegetables continue liberal- and
the market is weak in consequence."
POTATOES- Barly Rose, 9Oc0>»l; River Reds,
To® Bsc; Burbanks, 60@75c .per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 75c@*l 10; Sweet Potatoes, *1 76®1 85
for Merced; New Potatoes, So. . ,
. ONIONS-U 75(5'2 10 per ctl for all kinds:
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 ' per
dozen; Rhubarb, 7®Sc per lb; Asparagus, 12^51
30c ; Green Peas, li4@3c per lb for Los I An
teles and 4c for Alameda; String Beans. 10®
12Via; Cabbage, 40i^D0o; Los Anceles Tomatoes,
40c. For quarter and three-eiehts blood un
washed fleece values hold nrm and the demand
is pood. Quotations: Territory wools-Montana
and Dakota fine medium and fine, «£-«.
scoured. 62gfKJe; staple. 6So'7Oc: No. 2 mejrum,
22®26c; scoured, 53<@56c; Utah fine medium and
fine, 19@22c; scoured. 60«64c; staple. Bgw:
No. 2 medium. 22@24c: scoured. 63@04c : la?" 0 ,
fine medium and Una, lSg^lc: scoured. 60®b30,
medium. 20@23c; scoured. 52054 c. nnmW _
Australian scoured, basis spot Prices: ComD
lne. superfine. SS@9Oc; do good. 86©S7c; do aver
age, S3c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 13- — CATTLE — Good to
choice, $5 10(5i6; poor to medium, $4®* 85;
mixed stockers '$3 23©3 80. selected feeders.
*4 20@4 S6; good to Choice cows. ?3 I»S* 30;
heifers. $3 2304 75; canners. $2 20-33 SO; bull?,
»2 60®4 40; calves. *5©7 JO; fed Texas beeves,
?4@5.
HOGS-Mlxed and butchers. $4 80®6 05; good
to choice heavy. $4 95^5 05; rough heavy, $4 fo(^>
* W; light, ${ 75@4 97V4; bulk of sales, J4 00@a.
SHEEP— Native wethers, U Gs@3 75; lambs. Jo
@7 30; \V#sttrn wethers, $4 654»5 50; Western
lambs, $6@7 30. L , ft
Receipts-Cattle, 3000- hogs, 34,000; sheep, 10.
000.
KANSAS CITY
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 13.-CATTLE-Recelpts,
S00O; market steady. Native steers, $3 6d((?d oO:
Texas steers. »3 05@4 9.",; Texas cows. *2 25@4:
native cows and heifers, }2f 4 f.O; stockers and
feeders, JS 2£@s 23; bulls, $2 95<g4.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000: market strong to shade
higher. Bulk of sales, Jl 75Q4 80; heavy, M 72%
©4 85: packers, $4 75®4 82V4: mixed, S4 60®4 80;
llßht. U 45@4 72H: yorkers. *4 67>,i®4 72V4: piKS.
14^4 55.
SHEEP-Recelpts, 3000; market strong to
higher. Lambs. $5 25@6 25: muttons. »3 65®5 Ba.
OMAHA,
OMAHA. Feb, 13.-CATTLE-RecelDtß.3soo;
market steady. Native beef steers, J4@a 7a;
Western steers. $3 Ss@6 85; Texas steers. $3 80
® 4 20; cows and heifers. *3 15®4 25; canners,
$2 25@3; Btockers and feeders, $3 60®4 90; calves,
*3@7: bulls, stags, etc., J2 So@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 5700; market shade to 5c
higher. Heavy, U 80<S4 90; mixed, |4 77%@
4 824; light. $4 60®4 85; plffs. J4Q4 60; bulk of
sales. {4 £o'*4 85.
BHEEP-Recelpts, 6400; market Btrong. Tear
lings. JS 25@5 75; Western muttons. U 90®5 40;
stock sheep. J4@4 60; lambs. *5 to®?. ¦ '.. : ,
DENVER
DENVER. Feb. IS.— CATTLE— Receipts. 100:
market lower. Beef steers. J4@4 85; cows. J2 75
@4; feeders, freight paid to river, *2®4 90;
stockers. freight, paid, J3 75@4 85; bulls, stags,
etc., $2@2 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 500; market 5c higher. Light
packers, J4 7554 80; mixed, Jl 8031 85; heavy,
J4 So#4 85.
SHEEP — Receipts, none.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 11-Clearlngt, $249.
103; balances. $27,635.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 13.— 1n the local wheat
market B4e is Btill obtainable for No. 1 Walla
Walla; valley, easy at D2fts3c; blue etem, 65
®56e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, "Wash., Feb. 13.-WHEAT-Club,
E3Vtc: blue stem. £5Uc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— Consols. 100 11-16; silver,
tl 7-16 d: French rentes. IOOf C2%c: wheat car
roes oft coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargroes
on passage, more inquiry; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California. 30s; English country market,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 13. — Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, strong; flour in Paris, strong; French
country markets, firm; weather in England.
cloudy and damp.
COTTON— Uolands, 6Hd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Sr>ot — No. 1 Northern spring 1 , firm.
6s lHd. Futures-Steady; March, 5s llftd; May,
6s 10»id: July. Es 10^d.
CORN — Spot — American mixed new, firm, 3s
S%d; American mixed old, firm, Ss 9d. Fu
tures—Steady; February. 3s S%d; March. 3s
S%d; July, 3s CVid.
Charters.
The Alleritnct loads wheat at Tacomi for
Europe, 40a — prior to arrival; Creedmoor. lum
ber ax Ciiemalnus for Cork, 77s 6d.
Fruits and Salmon in London.
Says tb» London Grocers' Gazette of January
20: "The demand for salmon during: the week
hai been <;u;te satisfactory, and It Is evident
that there will be a fair spring business, as
stocks are not very heavily held by country
grocers. The eupply of half-pound tins is etlil
rery limited, er.d first arrivals by ehlps are
anxiously awaited. Business in California.
arTd arrivals of the new pick will be very
Cladly received."
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says: "There 1«
a firmer feclir.s In prune*, but no quotable
chance was made in prices. The prospect of
improvement in all llnei Is encouraging, how
ever, and business promises to be on a better
basis within a comparatively short time. There
is a Teelir.s: that later reports will thow that
supplies are Email, us compared wtlh previous
seasons at this time. and. as tlie spring demand
Is yet to be tatisned, the indications point to
tt.rur.rcr markets as Puon as buying begins.
"Prunes contls;ue srtendy. with an upward
tendency noted on all sizes. The bulk of the
demand is for small sizes, and holders are able
to get their own prices for them. There is a
t>etter feellne among holders or large rizes
also; but so far no quotable change in price
lias occurred.
Reaches are steady at about previous ranee.
but prices are firmer and the tendency is up
ward. The conditions under which holdings
are now disposed of are fairly encouraging.
er.<l dealers ar:tlc:j>ate improvement la the near
future.
'•Apricots pel in a retail way from second
hards at uncharged prices.
"Ra'.slr.s are Quiet. There is no demand for
foreign eoods at present, and holders would
erside prices to move California loose
iruscatel? are selling ilowly at full late prices.
There are cnb' small ttocks on hand, and
bciderii are not anxious to sell."
Weather Kcport
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 13. 5 r>. in.
The following are tbe seasonal rainfalls to
date as comr'ared with thoee of same date last
eeascn. and rainialls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Station*— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 34. 5S IS.CS
Re<l blufl 0.00 15.09 13.13
0.00 13.71 7.55
San Francisco 0.00 14.57 7.77
Fresno 0.00 6.14 2.56
Independence 0.00 2.0S 1.15
Pen Luis Obispo O.M 12.41 7.15
Los Ange'.es 0.00 4.57 2.66
6an L-ieeo 0.00 2.64 3.73
Yurrca 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
I": minimum. 47: mean. 12.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over the
northern portion of the Pacific Eloj>e and clear
evr th«» southern. Scattering light rains have
fallen in Western Oregon and enows over the
p'.ateau resion. The taow has been quite heavy
ever th» Rocky Mountain region.
Th« rressur* ha? fallen over the plateau re
gion and riser, alone the coast and over the
Kocky Mountains. An area of low pressure
Is central over Southern Utah.
The cemijerature has fallen decidedly in the
Sacramento Valley and remained nearly sta
tionary in other districts.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
avA somewhat cooler weather In California
Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending rr.idr.ipht Fetrua.ry 14. IKKJ:
Northern California— Partly cloudy 'Wednes
day; Heht variable wind.
Southern California— Generally cloudy and
er.rr.ewhat threatening Wednesday; light west
wind.
Nevada— ClouSy Wednesday, probably with
licht rain or taow; cooler.
Utsii — Cloudy with enow 'Wednesday.
Arizona— Pnow in north portion, cloudy In
eolith Dortion Wednesday; cooler.
San Francisco an-1 vicinity— Partly cloudy
Wednesday: light westerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
Steamer Movements.
Silver a fraction weaker. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and zch-eat freights firm.
Barley advanced again. Other cereals unchanged.
Bran and Hay weak and in liberal supply.
Nothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes steady and Onions weak. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs m good supply and weak.
Poultry arrives freely, but meets with a good denxand.
Game continues to decline.
Fruits in good supply and inactive.
Provisions stand the same, with a fair demand.
Wool dull, with small stocks. Hops neglected.
Hides and Tallow weak, but no lower.
Oils as previously quoted.
Veal and Mutton weaker. Beef and Pork unchanged.
f,**!£, ' or ell *y days; posted rates, $4 85 and
Z :J? il com m«Tclal bills. U 83©-4 SS%. Silver cer
ttneates, 59?i@6lc. Bar silver, &9%c. Mexican
dollars. 47Hc
Government bonds, steady; State bonds,
easier; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— T0-day 1 s statement
able cash balance, f293.352.022; gold reserve,
$220,702,076.
London Market.
xew york. Feb. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cable gays: The
market was stagnant and dull to-day, except
Americans. Consols touched 100 5-16 and closed
at 10W4. or B-lfi down. London bought Ameri
cans pllflitly and the close was at the top
prices. Paris Is selling Egyptians^
Discount houses raised rates to-day V 4 to 2^
per cent. Silver was firm on English mint and
continental demand. Paris cheque. 19@1S)}4;
Berlin. 2Q.5L
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 100H: Union Pacific i>re
ferred, 78%; Northern Pacific preferred, 764;
Atchlson, 21H: Grand Trunk, 8H: Anaconda,
9Vi. Bar silver closed firm at 27% d per ounce.
Sun rises 11l
Sun s>ts ••••¦•••!¦«
Moon rises (full) 0:l >> P_P.
SUN, Moon and Tide.
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent
Domlnos. half-barrels. &T<e: boxes. BHe per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary sizes, |16@17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17<f?lS for No 1 and $15©1S for No.
2; Lath. 4 feet. *2 2052 30; Pickets. JIS: Shin
gles. Jl 75 for common and }3 75 for fancy;
Shakos, {11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
*21@27. • ,
San Francisco Meat Market.
Supplies of all descriptions are ample, except
Hogs, which are scarce. Prices remain un
changed. Veal and Mutton are weaker.
BEEF — 6'.i®7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-7W@9c per lh.
MUTTON— Wethers. «c: ewes. 7H®Sc per lb.
LAMB— Spring, la'jgilc; yearlings. >glOc
per lb. ¦¦ j -;:
PORK— Live Hogs, u'ic for small. sTie for me
dium and sVi®iVsc for larse: stock Hogs and
feeders, s%<§shc; dressed Hogs, 7©SHc
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAjT, FEBRUARY 13.
Flour, qr sks 29. 94 C Alfalfa See<l, sks. 95
Wheat, ctls 57.010 Sugar, sks 700
Barley, ctls 44.711 Sugar, bbls 230
Oats ctls 3.l4o. QuicKsllver. flsks IS3
Rye,' ctls 330j\Vlne, gals 94,500
Cheese, ctls 147 i Brandy, gals 2.7J0
Butter, ctls ... 256' Leather. r0115..:. 243
TallOW, Ctls 212Hi(les, No 986
Beans, sks 4CO j Wool, bags la
Potatoes, sks 5.100, Straw, tons &>
Onions, eks 372' Hay. tons 1.622
Bran, sks 2,MOj Pelts, bdls &*
Middlings, »ks... 920; Eggs, doz 1...560
Mustard, sks 36$
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 6.4lo'Bran. sks 150
Potatoes, sks 494 '
WASHINGTON. ,
Flour, qr sks 3.4P2!Bran. sks 8.550
Oats, ctls 220 i
Boston Wool Market.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 19@24^c; dairy 19
@22c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, weak; fresh
1214 c. . . ,
* ¦ — ; v.
Branch Hydrographic Office TJ S. Jf.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 13. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
, , „ - C. G. CAX.KKTS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, February 13.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 40 hours from Coos Bay.
Stror Sunol. Green, 70 hours from Grays Har
bor.
Stmr CoquiUe River, Thompson, 10 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Bark Kate Davenport. Merrlm&n. Sft days
from Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, February 13.
Stmr L«elanew. Storrs. Manila, via Hllo; V
S Government.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Pathan, Hongkonr. via. Tacoma.:
N P R. R Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyr*. Chea&lsas; R
Dunsroulr Sons Co.
Ger shlD Columbia, Schutte. Queenstown; G
W McNear.
Fr bark Cassard. Allaire. Queenstown: Sol
'Wasenbeim & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, February li
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Glosy, Leland. Santa Cnia.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storres. Manila, via Hlla.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. Tacoma.
Br stmr Benmohr. "Wallace. Chemainas.
Schr Sailor Boy. Peterson, Port Townsend.
Schr James A Garfleld. Lewis. WlllaDa Har
bor.
S;hr Neotune. EstvoM. Grays Harbor.
Schr Nettie Sundbonr. Nelson, Fort Ross.
Schr Rio Rey, Kalman. Coqutlle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 13. 10 p o— Weathe*
hazy; wind SW. velocity 12 mlle».
SPOKEX.
Jan S. lat 3S S, lon 36 W— Br ship British
Isles, hence Jan 29, for Manchester.
Dec M. lat 26 S. lon 13 W— Br ship Sprtas
burn. bence Sept 23, for London.
Jan 1. lat IS S». lon 27 W— Br ship Crocsjton,
hence Scot 1. for Antwerp.
Jan 15, lat 7 N. lon 29 W— Br bark laverco*.
hence Sept IS. for Liveroool.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Arcata. at San Francisco Feb 13,
from Coos Bay— On Feb 7 picked up black and
white buoy marked V» five miles SW of Capa
Greuory, and towed it to Empire City.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OYSTER BAY— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Ellhu
Thomson, hence Feb S.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 13-Schr J«n
nle Stella, for San Pedro: nchr s*aunt!ess. for
Guaymas; tu* Traveler, with «chr Robert Dol
lar In tow. for Pan Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr THla
mook and schr Sacramento, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Arrived Feb 13— Br stmr
Bloemfontetn. from Honolulu: brie Courtney
Ford from Hilo; Br torpedo boat Goldsborough.
Salted Feb 13— Br bark Allesriance. for Ta
coma; schr Endeavor, for Honolulu; ichr Spo
kane, for Hllo. m
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 12— Stnar Grace Dcl
lar hence Feb 7: stmr Senator, henca Feb 9.
Feb 13— Stmr HumbolJt. hence Feb 9. via Eu-
r %alled Feb 15— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco: ship C F Sargent, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Sequoia,
from Port Anreles. _¦_ . '• • .^___.
SaMed Feb l.t— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka:
schr Twilight, for Grays Harbor; scar Louiw,
°ASTORIA— Arrved Feb 13— Stmr Homer, from
"atled" Feb 13— Ger ihlD Xereus. for Qu#en»
tovrn- Br *hlp Haddon Hall, for Yokohama.
FAX DlEGO— Sailed IJeb 13— Br stmr Robert
Ail<tm«on. for Nanalmo.
PORT LOS A-VGELES- Sailed Feb M— Stmr
Mineola, tor Comox.
EUREKA— Arived Feb 13— .^hr Halcyon, from
'oLYMPIA— Sailed Feb 13— Schr Mazgle C
Puss, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Feb 13 — Stmr Albion.
hence Feb 12.
VSAIr-Salled Feb 13— Stmr Unr.a. for San
Francleco.
FOREIGN PORTa
HAMBURG— SaiIed F«b J— Ger bark Ethene.
f °LONDOx'-In n ~>?rt'. r an 19-Br ship City of
Benar»» for San Francisco.
PEN'ARTH-Sall»d Jan S — Br shis> Hhuddlan
PlRlE— Arrived Feb 12— Schr Robert
grarlix from Port Gamble.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Feb 13— BarX
Louisiana, from Port Blakeley. J"-}-
SWANSEA- Sailed Feb 12— Fr bark Marechal
Davout. f ur Pan Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Feb 12— Br stmr Port
Stephens, fnr Seattle.
TEXERIFFE— SaiIed Jan 27— Ger stmr Octa
via from Hamburg, for Pan Francisco.
AOKLAIDE — Arrived Feb 10 — Schr Inca. from,
Fort Town«»nd.
HONGKONG— Arrived Prior to Feb 10— Br
stmr City of London, from Tacoma.
bailed Fei> 10 — Br atmr Carmarthenshire, for
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 30— Br stmr Strath
gryle, for fan Difsro. Keb 6 — Br stmr Carlisle
City! fcr San Dlezo.
OCEAN* STEAMERS.
N,E"W TORK— Arrived Feb I.T— Stmr Boric,
from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb W— Stmr Werra.
from New Tor*, for Xaples and Genoa.
Sailed Feb 12-Stmr Ems. from Genoa and
Naples, for Xew York.
T r E.yS'ER\T r E"R — Sailed Tan 27 — Stmr Octavta.
from Genoa, for Valparaiso and San Frincls«x
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18.— FLOOR— R»eelpt», BT.
977 barrels; exports, 2440 barrels. Held a little
higher on the advance In wheat. Business
ruled fairly active for the choice brands of
eprlngr and winter.
WHEAT— Receipts. 46.408 bushels: exports,
C 3.853 bushel*. Spot — Strong-; Xo. 2 red. 77c ele
vator; No. 2 red, 79Vic r. o. b. afloat in store;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 81% c f. o. b. afloat
prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth. &3Uc f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options — Opened nrm and later ad
vanced actively on exceedingly strong Paris
markets, coupled with renewed crop damage
reports from France, foreign buying: and th«
strength of corn. Prices were sustained firmly
all day until near the close, when they yielded
a little to realizing and left off steady at H@Hc
net advance, with near months strongest.
March, 77@77%c, closed 77% c; May. 75 1-160
75 11-HSc. closed 75Hc; July, 74%®75HC closed
-sue
HOPS-Qulet
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
net unchanged to 10 points lower. Total sales
were 22.000 baps, including: February, $7 20;
March. $7 20@7 25; May, *7 355?7 40; September,
17 50@7 So; December, J7 65@7 75; January. V 75.
Spot Coffee— Steady; No. 7, invoice. $%c; No. 7
Jobbing. 9%c: mild, steady; Cordova. 10<g:l3V4c-
SUGAR— Raw, strong; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 15.E50 packages; steady
at decline; June creamery, 1?323c; Western
creamery. n^2sc.
EGGS— Receipts, 17.809 packages; steady;
"Western at mark. ls\L<3l3Uc
dried FRurra
Trading' was not active in evaporated apples,
but as receipts were light and sellers scarce
there was a tolerably steady undertone. Coun
try advices were about a standoff and prices
here remain unchanged. California dried fruits
dull and featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
Eif? 6c; prime, 6V46*Hc; choice, ~&'Mc; fancy,
B£BttC
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-S^c per
pound.
A PRICOTS— Royal. 13^15c; Moorpark, IESISc.
PEACIIES-Peeled, lS@2:c; unpeeled. 7&@9c.
New York Metal Market.
XE^V YORK. Feb. 13.— The metal market
showed no radical new features to-day and dis
played comparatively little animation. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— "Warrant, very dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 25.
TlX— Quiet at $29 75.
LEAD— Unchanged, with »4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
SPELTER- Easier, with *4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $1 45, and for
copper $16 25.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-,
Times and HeiKhta of Illsh and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦VOTE — The nleh and low waters occur at
Ihf City front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
~ WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 14.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
tl@l 50: Egg Plant from Los Angeles, lOf^c;
Dried Okra. 12% c per lb: Garlic. 6@7c: Green
Peppers from Los Amteles, 2515 c: Dried Pep
pervSSlOc; Carrots,- 30® 40c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash. $I@l 23 per box; Mar-
Poultry and Game.
Two more cars of Eastern went on. makln*
five thus far this week. The demand is Rood.
however, and arrivals of both Eastern and
domestic stock work off well at steady prices.
Game continues weak and out of favor. Th»
season for Doves closes on the loth, so none
should be shipped In after that date.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. S@llc for Gobblers
and liemie for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,_i2_G,
14c; Geese, per pair, $1 7302: Goslings. $1 io«&2:
Ducks, »4@5 for old and J4@s for young; Hens.
f4@S; Young Roosters. |4&0«P;-OM Koosters,
$4@4 50: Fryers *» 50ff5; Broilers. $4<55 for large
and $3<5'4 for small 7 Pigeonp. $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $2 50(53 for squabs.
GAME-Quail. Jl<§l 25; Mallard, $3^3 50; Can
vasback. t2(&4: Spric. Jl sOii2; Teal. JISI :^;
"Widgeon,- ?i 25@1 50; Small Duck, locfiil:
Doves 75C per dozen; Hare. 75c@Jl; Rabbit?,
Jl®l SO: Gray Geese. J2 50^?3: White, Jl^l 25:
Brant, *l 25<ff2 So; Honkers. J3 o<m*: English
Snipe, J2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, U 25® 1 ! «0.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of Butter. Esrss and Cheese are lib
eral and all three are weak. The disposition is
to keen stocks down aa closely as possible,
even if concessions have to be made.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2i@2sc; seconds,
22^<g23i4e.
Dairy— Fancy. 22@22%c; good to choice. 20®
21c: common." 15© J3c.
CHEESE-Cholce mild new, 10c; old, 9Hc:
Toune America. llCllHc: Eastern. 15V4@16c;
Western. JSHlffloC per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at HifflJc for store and I6@i7c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage.
12H®15c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is a fair demand for all citrus fruits.
and prices show no changes worthy of note.
Apples continue dull under heavy stocks.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 3(KS«Oc per box for common, 75c@W
for «rood to choice, and Jl 2S@l 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, »1 50^2 50
per box: Seedlings, 60c61l 25: Japanese Man
darins, $I@l 25: Pomelos. $I@2 50; Lemons, $1®
1 50 for common and T2?i2 50 for grood to choice;
Mexican Limes. Js(g>s BO; California Limes, 25®
60c: Bananas. $1 25©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 iOii* per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Everything under this head is dull and nom
inal, both here and In the East. The spring:
trade ought to open up before long.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4t4c for
40-50>. 4®4%c for 50-6O's. 3%c for 60-70's, 3»4c
for 70-80' s, 3c for 80-90' s and 2«ic for 90-100' s;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12^4@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6V4@
6c for Standards, 6^^ 6%c for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®!ZHc; Evapo
rated Apples. €@"c; Sun-dried. Siff^Vie per lb:
Nectarines, B@Sc; Pears, iVi'S^VzC for dark and
7@Bc for bright halves: Black Figs, 2@2>ic:
White Kiss. 2<3'3c: Bleached Plums. B<39c: Un
bleached Plums, 7@7ftc for pitted and IVio for
unpltted.
RAISIN'S — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B<4c: choice. 7V4c: standard. 6Hc:
prime, Gc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
50-1 b boxes, 6c: 2-crown, loose muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown, 6Uc: 4-crown, "c: London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, 52; Dehesa, $2 BO; licperlal, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in CaUrornla.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B^9c; "Walnuts. B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds.
HH@l2o for paper shell. 9igloc for soft and 4@
Cc for hardshell: Peanuts, s=!4iS6%e for Eastern
ami oc for California; Blazll Nuts, 7H®Sc; Fil
berts. 12@12i4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^(?12c for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7 s ie; light amber extracted, 7U®7%c; dark. 514®
6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24Q2SC per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers report a fair demand for Hams, Ba
con and Lard at unchanged quotations. The
feeling is rather firm than otherwise.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for light, 12c
for extra light and 13>4c for surar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13#13Hc; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13: Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@70 per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
B%c; 10-lb tins, 8»4c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@SHo per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Hc.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There Is not enough Wool here to work on.
hence quotations show no change. Hops are dull
and will not bring over the quotations from
first hands. Hides continue weak at the recent
decline, and the demand Is by no means as
good es It has been.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10V4@llVic; medium. 9%@10%c: light. 9'4c:
Cowhides, SH^lO'ic: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9H@
10V4c; Calf, 9V4@lOHc; Dry Hides, sound, ISc;
culls and brands, 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal,
17c; Dry Calf. 19*5 20 c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20
$?30c each; short wool. 35®60c each; medium,
70©90 c; long Wool, $I®l 25 each; Horse Hides.
$2 75@3 for large and 75c<g$l 25 for small; Colts,
00c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5o per lb; No. 2,
4c: refined, 6&c; grease, 2^4i3'3c.
WOOL-
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, 9£loc: South
ern. 8@10c; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 17j?20c; Eastern Oregon, 13@16c;
Valley Oregon. 18@20c: Northern Mountain,
free, lltffHc; Northern Mountain, defective, 100
U H<sps^7©lle per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool Bags, 28@30c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, ?S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
V. Bryant, $7; Coos Bay, J5 60; Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8: Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite . Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $l@l 60; To
matoes, 75c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, J2 40<33 for black
and white; Peaches, $1 65@1 90; Pears, $1 60@
ISO; Apricots. $1 25@1 70; Plums, Jl 20@l 40.
COFFEE— Costa Rica, 14%@16c for prime
washed; 12@14c for good washed; 15c nominal
for good to prime washed peaberry: lie nominal
for good to prime peaberry; 12c nominal for
good to prime; B@loc nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; BV4®9Hc nominal for
fair; 7%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— loi4®l«c for good to prime washed:
9HS5?ic for fair washed; H@l2o for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9Vi@lo%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 9Va@loo for superior un
washed; 9%(g9Hc for good green unwashed
10%c nominal for good to prime unwashed pea
berry; 6@7%c nominal for common to ordlnary
Nicaragua— l4@l6Hc for prime to fancy
washed: 9H@llc for fair to good washed; 9®
9Hc nominal for good to superior unwashed
lOiglOVic nominal for good to prime .unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14017Hc for prime
to fancy washed; 12@13%c for btrictly eood
washed, 10»4@ll%c for good washed; S«4®loiic
for fair washed; SU©"? 1/*1 /* for medium; 6<@Bc for
Inferior to ordinary; 118?13c for good to prime
washed peaberry; lOffllO^c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: SSS'Ac nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER-Sole, heavy. ISS^Cc per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 26@27c: Sole Leather light
20®27c; Hough Leather, heavy, 27®2Sc; Roucli
Leather, light. 25<g26c; Harness Leather, heavy
32@33c; Ilarnesß Leather, medium. 30®32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29<f£30c; Collar Leather 15®
lCc per foot; Kip. finished, 40<ff50c per lb; Veal
finished, 50(J?53c: Calf, finished. 75c©$l 20- sldea'
flnlshed. 16iS'17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits 14a
16c; Rough Splits, S@loe per lb. .¦¦¦'¦",
OIL— California Castor Oil,, in cases Xo L
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, bolied'
6Sc; raw, 6Cc; cases, 5c more; Lard OH extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1, 49c •' cases
6c more; <«^lna Nut. 61iif63c per gallon'; pure
Neatsfoot oil, barrels. 60c; cafes, Xc; Sperm
pure, 60c; What? Oil. natural white, .?2Uc'
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, Jl 2Cig'l 33 per gallon;, wagon colors
tf<32 23 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE,, ETC.-Water
whtte Coal Oil. in bulk. He; Pearl Oil in
cases. 20c: Astral, 20c; Star, 20c; Extra Star
Oil. 24c; Elaine. 25e; Eocene. 22c- Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do, cases, 22c; Benzine
in bulk. 15Hc: do cases, 21^4c: BC-dogree Gaso
line. In bulk, 21c; case 3. 27c per eallon.
CANDLES— Electric light candles— l 6 oz.
ll^c per set: 14 oz., lOHc; 12 oz.. 9%c; 10 02
&%c: twelves. 12 oz.- (hotel). lOVic. Granite
mining candles — 16 oz., 12@12%c per sef 14 oz
HSlUic; 12 oz., 10'ic: 10 oz., 9140: twelves i«
oz. (hotel). 10% c. Parafflne wax candles Ones
14 oz., white, 12Uc per set; twos, 14 oz., white'
12Uc: fours. 14 oz., white, 12Uc; sixes, 14 m.'
white. HVic; twelves, 14 oz., white. 12«4c
colored, lc higher. '
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 7Vi@7%c per lb. .
TURPENTINE-In cases, 76c; in iron barrels
70c: in wooden barrels, 73c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 63c; raw. barrels
61c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER-J3l 50 per flask for local use
and $46 50@47 50 for export.
SUSAR- The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash; in ICQ-lb bajra-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c- Powl
d«red, B»4c: Candy Granulated. 5V»c: Dry Gran
ulated, 54c; Confectioners' A, oftc; Magnolia
A, 4?io; Extra C. 4%c: Golden C.4^c; barrels
l-16c more: half-barrela. %c more; boxes,
more: SO-lb bags. }Jc more. No orders taken
NOTE — In the above exposition of th* Odea
the early morning tides are Riven !n the v t
hand column and the successive tides of th»
second time column fflves the second t!j« c »
the day. the third tlm* column the third ttj,
and the last or right hand column glvea th a
last tide of the day, except when there are tut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h"!ghr»
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when h minus blct (— ) precedes the hei?}.?
and then the number given is subtracted tnxa
reference Is the mean of the Inwr low Tvat»r«'
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LIVERPOOL. >,;
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening- 6 10% E 10% 5 10%
Closing 6 lift 6 10% 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 20 2135
Closing 20 50 21 75
Flour-
Opening 26 43 17 85
Closing 28 80 23 40
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb.. 11— The Ptatement of the
vlßlble supply of grain' in store " and afloat on
Saturday, as compiled by the New York Pro
duce Kxchange. is as follows: Wheat. 53 904
000 bushels. Increase 457,000 bushels; corn. 14
070,000, increase 128,000 bushels; oats. 5.956.000.
Increase 192,000 bushels; rye. 1.125.000. decrease
9000 bushels; barley, 1,506,000. Increase 154.000
bushels.
The only chan*« worthy of note In local se
curities on the moraine session was a decline
in Hawaiian Commercial to $S4. Business was
dull. There were more sales In the afternoon,
and the feeling was firmer, several stacks
showing fractional advances. The dividend or
the Paauhua Sugar Company will be reduced
from 85 cents to 30 cents per share, and not to
23 cents per share, as reported.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents, payable at the
company's office on the 20th lost.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 13-2 p. in.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
XJ S Bonds — Eqult C L. Co. 3% Z^%
Is Quar coup. .lit — Mutual El Co. — —
Is quar reg.... — 114% O G L & H... 45»4 —
la quar new — 138 Fac Gas Imp.. SO 1 * 51
8s quar coup.. — — Pac Light Co.. 43^ — ¦
Miscellaneous— S F O & E.... £04 50%
Cal-st Cab 65. .117 119% Pan Francisco. 4H 4T4
C C "Wat 55..10«^107 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 129 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. .115 — FlrenVs Fund.22s —
Geary-st It Sa. — 95 Bank Stocks —
H C & S 5%i..105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. RT% 72H
HCA- S 6s 10€U — Bank of Ca1...402H» ( '«
L A Ry 6s 103 101*4 Cal S D Sc T.. 9S 100
L A LCo as.. — — First Natn1....250 303
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A.. ..123 —
Do (fntd 55.. — 103 Merchants" Ex — 18
LA&PR 55.102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Markft-st 65. ..127 — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55.. 11? 118ti Ger S & L...1750 —
NCN G R 75.105H — Hum S & L,. — —
NR of Cal 63.112^113% Mut Say Bk. 45 — -
NR of Cal 55. 11* — S F Say U.. 500 —
X J» CR R 65103 — Say & L. So. 74 IS
NPCRR ss. 1M — Sec Bar Bk. — —
NC R R J5...109 — Union T Co. — —
Oak GL&H ss. 109 — Street Railroads —
Oak Tran 65... — li:«4;Callfornla 11374119*4
Oak WCo 3a. .105 — IGeary-st 50 —
Oceanic SS Co.lCStt — Market-st Ry.. 61 61H
Om C Ry 65... — 123%'0 S L. & H — 60
P&CI Ry 65. .104*4 - Presidio 10 -
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks —
Powel-st R 6s.imi — California ISO 170
Eac L G&R5s. 35 — E Dynamite... 83 —
SF & SJF 59..116& — Giant Con Co. J3*i S3H
S Ry of Cal 6s.— 103 Vlworlt 2V» ».
S P of A 68....110H — Sugar Stocks—
SPC «s(lS05).109V; — Hana P C 0.... I\L I
SPC 6s(190«).112 113 Haw C&SCo 84 —
SPC 6c(1912). — — Honokaa 8 Co. 28*4 29
SP C Ist cgsa. — — Hutch S P Co. 25* i —
S P Br 6s 115 — Kllauea S Co. — 25
S V Wat 6s 115?ill6*i Makawell S Co 44H —
5 V Wat 45. ...103 — Onomea S Co. 25^ 28
6V W 45(3dm)102 — Paauhau S Co. 25% 28
Stktn Gas 65.. 102 108 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pacfc Assn.llJ 120 ft
Contra Costa.. 73 731» Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — jOceanlc S Co.. 93H 94V*
Bpring Valley. 94 34% Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas A Electric— Pao C Bor C 0.144 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 9tf —
Cent L & P... 4 5
Morntnc Session.
Board —
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar S4 00
100 Makawelt _.•. 44 25
20 Market-street Railway «1 00
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 60 75
50 Pacific Lighting 44 00
145 Paauhau S P Co 25 87^
13 Paauhau S P Co 26 CO
100 S F Gaa & Electric Co 50 87H
$2,000 S P of A bonds 110 50
85 Spring Valley Water 84 00
Street— . •
40 Firemen's Fund Insurance. 237 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 California-street Railway 113 00
30 EqultaMe Gaa 3 50
205 Giant Powder Con 93 M
5 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 84 00
6 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 84 35
25 Honokaa S Co 29 00
75 Honokaa S Co 2S 75
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 75
75 Makawell 44 37ft
6 Market-street Railway 61 25
JlO.OOO Oakland Water 5s 105 00
$2,000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 25
70 raauhau S P Co 23 37*4
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 50 75
100 Presidio Railway 11 00
10 Spring Valley Water 94 23
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil 8 75
100 Home OH. b CO 3 75
SO Petroleum Center 35
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 175
150 Petroleum Center 45
100 Petroleum Center (0
CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
ICO Caribou 93
300 Anaconda &>
175 Barker Ranch t \ 15
Afternoon Session.
Board —
£00 Anaconda 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In th# San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Chollar 17 900 Sierra Nevada Ed
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 600 Union Con.. " 29
200 Mexican 24 100 Utah " 08
200 Ophir 59 200 Yellow Jacket. 17
600 Savage 11l
Afternoon Session.
IPO Alpha 031 100 Hale & Nor.. SO
500 Andes 03 1 200 Mexican .... 25
800 Belcher 22 j 300 Ophir .... 57
200 Caledonia 35| 200 Ophir ... * 53
100 Caledonia 36 j 2^o Ophir .... *""" m
100 Chollar 18 1 300 Savage *"* 12
400 Con Cal & Va..l 44 400 Sierra Nevada" 50
50 Con Cal & Va..l 35 100 Sierra Nevada." 49
600 Gould & Curry. 16 i «aaa. «
n The following were the sales In tho Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 22 I 100 ITex-can ... jg
200 Best & Belcher 331 500 Mexican *** 23
100 Caledonia 33 100 Mexican ..."** it
400 Chollar 19 100 Ophir ... * 5«
500 Chollar IS 200 Ophir .....'!""* 55
ICO C C &,Va....l 32V,! 100 Potosi V 3
250 C C &'Va 1.30 1 400 Sierra Nevad.: 60
100 Crown Point... 11 200 Union Con !9
200 Crown Point... 10 1 2no Union Con 25
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 3o| 2CO Mexican a«
100 Challenge Con. 201 200 Overman '"""" no
100 Challenge Con. IJ| 2Co Savage """" 11
100 Chollar 10 200 Sierra NeVada «
V 2 «£ £ Va 1K *°° Slerra Nevada. 50
200 CC& Va....137H 300 Sierra Nevada 51
50 Confidence 70 200 Union Con 23
1000 Gould & Curry. 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 13—4 p. m.
? . Bid. Ask. , Bid A>k
Alpha 02 03 Kentuck 01 02
Alta ¦•• - 02 Lady Wash.... 02 -
Andes 05 06 Mexican 14 23
gelg eI< r n i r ¦•; « 22;OccidentaI 11 U
Best & Belcher 34 35 Ophir 57 W
Bullion 03 04 Overman 09 10
Caledonia 36 — Potosi 26 27
Chollar ....:.... 17 lS;Savage 11 12
Challenge Con. — 20|Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 75 Peg Belcher Cl 02
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40'Slerra Nevada. 43 50
Con Imperial... — 01 Stiver Hill — C 5
Con New York. — 04 St Louis — 07
Crown Point... 10 11 Standard 2502 75
Exchequer — 01; Syndicate — OS
Gould & Curry. 15 IS Union Con 2» 29
Hale & N0r.... 30 31 Utah OS 09
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
Justice — 08
8
TO ARRIVE.
g
ITT..
15 ...
16 ...
17 ...
19 ...
19 ...
20 ...
Time! Time Time
I Ft Ft. Ft.
L. W H TV L TV
.. 6:13 ~Tjj 11:22 ~Ti S:K 0.3
H W L. TV H W
. O:M 5.21 5:53 2.1 12:03 5.2
.. 0:?3 5.J 8:30 1.9 12:42 4.9
. 1:19 5.1 7:08 1.7 1:23! 4.6
1-42 3.1 7:44 1.5 2:OS[ 4.3
." IMS 5.2 8:23] I.S 3:<H! <-°
. 2:33! 5.2! 9:211 l-'l 4:12 1 3 - 7
Steamer.
From
Columbia Portland
Bontta Newport...
Aloha Crescent Cttjr
Czarina Piiget Sound
North Fork tHumboldt
Point Arena ...jpolnt Arena
Bamoa Huroboidt
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor
San Pedro |Humboldt
Pcmona San Diego
Aberdeen Portland......
Walla. "Walla .- Victoria & Pu*et Sou
Tltanla £ analm £—K
Bouth Portland. lOyster Harbor
Orizaba iHumboldt
Mackinaw iSeattle
Coptic [China and Japan
Senator [Seattle
Propreso .Tacoma
E Thompson... (Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay [Newport
Homer (Portland
Empire jCoos Bay
State of Cal Portland
p cr v ............ I Panama
Tellus [Oyster Harbor
Corona San Diesro
Arcata, |Coos nay
Crescent City. . [Crescent City
Umatllla 'Victoria A Pusret Sou
j
,-p
md: :
!F*b.
IF-b.
;Feb.
¦ F*b.
;F»b.
Fefc
¦Feb.
¦V-h
,F-b.
Fc-b
Feb.
Ffb.
;F#b.
F»b.
Feb.
;Feb.
F»b.
Feb.
F?b.
T«b.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
!F>b.
Feb.
iFeb.
[ Feb.
Feb.
•. l<
•. 1<
•. l>
. V
. r
. r
. i:
. V.
i:
v
<. v
II
v
. M
•• X
. v
. B
¦ V
. v
. II
. 1*
. 1!
«. t!
.. V.
v 1!
.. t
i. a
i j.
i. 2',
ii
4
it
v
.-.
5
•s
m
\i
7
a
,7
?
a
J
a
19
to
n
n
4
4
4
Steamer. I E><?3tinatlon. I Sails. j Pier.
Corona San Diego Feb. 14. 11 am(P!#r 11
Cleveland . Kahulul Feb. U. 12 m Pier 3t
Arrata Coos Bay Feb. 15, 10 am; Pier 13
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 15. 10 am Pier »
A Blanch'd Coos Bar IFeb. 15. SpmlPlerU
Coqullle Rt Grays HarborJFeb. 15 1
Aloha Crescent City. | Feb. 15. 4pm Pier ]
Uonlta San Pedro Feb. 1«. »amjPler 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am. Pier 24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 17. 1 pm'PMSS
Pt. Arena.. [Point Ar-na..|Febw IT. I pmPl»r »
Samoa rJlumboldt IFeb. 17. 10am!P1*rU
Pomona ...ISan Dlepo Feb. 18, 11 am Pter 11
North Fork Humbolctt I Feb. IS. 9am Pier 3
Orizaba ... Humboldt Feb. IS, tpmiPler 9
atyof ParaiPanama IFeb. 1?, 12 m PMS3
Walla Wa.iVlc & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 20. 10 am|P!er »
Coc» Bay... 'Newport IFeb. 2>>. 9amiPlerll
Alameda .. Sydney jFeb. 21 |Pl«r 7
Homer Oregron Ports. Feb. tl. WamlPter 14
Stat« of Cat Portland |Feb. 22. 10 am F'.er 21
g
ITT..
15 ...
16 ...
17 ...
19 ...
19 ...
20 ...
Time! Time Time
I Ft Ft. Ft.
L. W H TV L TV
.. 6:13 ~Tjj 11:22 ~Ti S:K 0.3
H W L. TV H W
. O:M 5.21 5:53 2.1 12:03 5.2
.. 0:?3 5.J 8:30 1.9 12:42 4.9
. 1:19 5.1 7:08 1.7 1:23! 4.6
1-42 3.1 7:44 1.5 2:OS[ 4.3
." IMS 5.2 8:23] I.S 3:<H! <-°
. 2:33! 5.2! 9:211 l-'l 4:12 1 3 - 7
Steamer.
From
Columbia Portland
Bontta Newport...
Aloha Crescent Cttjr
Czarina Piiget Sound
North Fork tHumboldt
Point Arena ...jpolnt Arena
Bamoa Huroboidt
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor
San Pedro |Humboldt
Pcmona San Diego
Aberdeen Portland......
Walla. "Walla .- Victoria & Pu*et Sou
Tltanla £ analm £—K
Bouth Portland. lOyster Harbor
Orizaba iHumboldt
Mackinaw iSeattle
Coptic [China and Japan
Senator [Seattle
Propreso .Tacoma
E Thompson... (Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay [Newport
Homer (Portland
Empire jCoos Bay
State of Cal Portland
p cr v ............ I Panama
Tellus [Oyster Harbor
Corona San Diesro
Arcata, |Coos nay
Crescent City. . [Crescent City
Umatllla 'Victoria A Pusret Sou
j
,-p
md: :
!F*b.
IF-b.
;Feb.
¦ F*b.
;F»b.
Fefc
¦Feb.
¦V-h
,F-b.
Fc-b
Feb.
Ffb.
;F#b.
F»b.
Feb.
;Feb.
F»b.
Feb.
F?b.
T«b.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
!F>b.
Feb.
iFeb.
[ Feb.
Feb.
•. l<
•. 1<
•. l>
. V
. r
. r
. i:
. V.
i:
v
<. v
II
v
. M
•• X
. v
. B
¦ V
. v
. II
. 1*
. 1!
«. t!
.. V.
v 1!
.. t
i. a
i j.
i. 2',
ii
4
it
v
.-.
5
•s
m
\i
7
a
,7
?
a
J
a
19
to
n
n
4
4
4
Steamer. I E><?3tinatlon. I Sails. j Pier.
Corona San Diego Feb. 14. 11 am(P!#r 11
Cleveland . Kahulul Feb. U. 12 m Pier 3t
Arrata Coos Bay Feb. 15, 10 am; Pier 13
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 15. 10 am Pier »
A Blanch'd Coos Bar IFeb. 15. SpmlPlerU
Coqullle Rt Grays HarborJFeb. 15 1
Aloha Crescent City. | Feb. 15. 4pm Pier ]
Uonlta San Pedro Feb. 1«. »amjPler 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am. Pier 24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 17. 1 pm'PMSS
Pt. Arena.. [Point Ar-na..|Febw IT. I pmPl»r »
Samoa rJlumboldt IFeb. 17. 10am!P1*rU
Pomona ...ISan Dlepo Feb. 18, 11 am Pter 11
North Fork Humbolctt I Feb. IS. 9am Pier 3
Orizaba ... Humboldt Feb. IS, tpmiPler 9
atyof ParaiPanama IFeb. 1?, 12 m PMS3
Walla Wa.iVlc & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 20. 10 am|P!er »
Coc» Bay... 'Newport IFeb. 2>>. 9amiPlerll
Alameda .. Sydney jFeb. 21 |Pl«r 7
Homer Oregron Ports. Feb. tl. WamlPter 14
Stat« of Cat Portland |Feb. 22. 10 am F'.er 21Farmer Rowles Wants a Divorce.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— Tho glamor ?of
the metropolitan lights had more charms
for Kmma Rowles than the quiet farm
life afforded her by her husband, W.vJ.
Rowles, near Livermore. so a year and a
half ago she deserted the old farm and
sought happier surroundings in the East
by rail. To-day her husband filed suit for
divorce on the ground, of desertion. The
couple were married in San Francisco in
1891. N>> children or property are involved.
Niles' New Jail.
NILES, Feb. 13.— 1t has turned out that
the Jail reported to be in course of con
struction here and to bo paid for by gen
eral Bubscriptlon is beingr erected by the
constable, Joseph Roderick, for his own
convenience. The report was that the cit
izens, fearing- the presence of a small
army of workmen to be sent into the
valley during this summer had decided to
erect a Jail that would hold any of the
unruly ones, but it appears that the con
stable decided to build a Jail near his own
house, where he could look out for who
ever happened to be in It without leaving
home. The Spring Valley workmen were
here last summer and they annoyed no
body.
AMERICAN LINE.
TTEW TORS. SOCTHAMPTOK. LONDON. PASXSL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Nevw York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Feb. lflN«w Tork March 7
St Loula Feb. Zl St. Paul March 14
Frlesland Feb. 281 Kensington ..March 21
RED STAf? LINE.
New Yorlc aryd Antwerp.
From New Tork every 'Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensington Feb. 14[3outhwarlc ...March T
Noordland Feb. 2l|Westernland .March 1»
Frtesland Feb. 2<! Kensington ..March 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
pasaape apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The officers of Pacific Lodge were In-
Stalled last week, those of Bay City-
Lodge were installed on the 13th inst.
and those of Golden Rule Lodge will be
on the 22d Inst.
Marion Lodge of Vallejo has been rein
stated into the order with brighter pros
pects than It had In the past.
215,000 pounds of grood bacon belonging to
the Government and. condemned for cor
rupt purposes. - :
Major Ruthers denies the charges most
emphatically, in an interview yesterday
he said:
"The fellow J. G. Holland I recollect as
one who had been employed by the quar
termaster's department at Jacksonville.
FJa,, to trace stolen Government mules.
The bacon to which J. G. Holland refers
and with the sale of which he falsely
connects my name : was disposed of by
others In a perfectly legitimate manner
after its condemnation and about one
month before I was assigned to duty in
tho commissary department. The depart
ment while under my control never sold
to the firm of C. B. Rogers & Co. bacon
or anything- else. The bacon In question
has been duly accounted for by the officer
who was in charge at the time of its con
demnation and pale, and the records In
the proper department at Washington will
speak for themselves."
¦ »
BOAT OVERTURNS AND
THREE MEN ARE DROWNED
One of the Party Ex- Alderman Rich
ard Kennon of Victoria, Who
Was Out Hunting.
VICTORIA, B. C. Feb. 13-On Sunday
morning ex-Alderman Richard Kennon,
John M. Cordell, a miner, and William
Kelly, a fisherman, left Nanaimo to shoot
ducks. Not returning their friends grew
alarmed and set out to search for them.
The search was kept up all yesterday and
was resumed this morning 1 , when their
boat was found lyinsr on the mud banks
under water and the body of William
Kelly was plainly visible from the sur
face. The body was recovered and
brought to the city and a number of peo
ple immediately left for the scene to
grapple for the other bodies. All three
of the men were well known and leave
widows and families.
Death of Mrs. D. C. Bailey.
Ppeoial rHrpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 13.-Mrs. Martha Jane
Bailey, wife of ex-Postmaster D..C
Bailey, died this morning after a lingering
illness. She was well known throughout
the county, having- resided' here upward
of twonty-flvo years. Mrs. Bailey was a
leading worker In the First Presbyterian
Church. She was a native of New Hamp
shire and SC years of age.
ADMIRAL WATSON
DISOBEYS ORDERS
May Be Disciplined by
Secretary Long.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 13,—
Rear Admiral John C. Watson, command
er in chief of the Asiatic station, has a.p
parently been disobeying the orders of the
Navy Department, and Secretary Long
has taken measures to learn his reason
for the action • taken. •
The trouble has grown out of the action
of Admiral Watson in ordering officers to
vessels In direct opposition to instruc
tions given by the department. For In
stance, the department recently ordered
Captain Charles M. Thomas to command
the cruiser Brooklyn, to relieve Captain
T. F. Jewell. Captain Jewell started for
home a few days ago and Rear Admiral
Watson cabled to Secretary Long that he
had placed Captain James M. , Porsythe,
commanding the Baltimore, in command
of the Brooklyn. Whether this is the spe
ciflc instance to which the department haa
taken exception cannot be learned. It is
understood the department has cabled to
Admiral Watson requesting that an ex
planation be sent to the department.
There is no disposition on the part of
the department to Interfere with the as
signment of officers made by Admiral
Watson on vessels under his command,
but very, frequently specific assignments
are made by the department, ajid it is l>e
lieved they should not be "interfered with.
So far as can be learned Rear Admiral
Watson has not cabled to the department
concerning the Princeton's discovery of
the flag of Japan over the island of
Ibayat. A report was received several
days ago from Admiral Watson announc
ing that the northern islands had been
taken possession of by a naval vessel and
that the natives were found to be peace
able .and tractable and willing to accept
American rule. It Is stated that there is
no dancer of any dispute growing out of
the hoisting of the American flag over
these islands. The Peace Commissioners
at I»aris had a very imperfect map, and
Secretary Hay, who has carefully exam
ined it, has made such corrections as to
show that Ibayat Island is wholly within
American Jurisdiction.
- Secretary Long told The Call corre
spondent to-night that he was perfectly
satisfied with the manner in which Ad
miral "Watson waa administering the af
fairs of the fleet In the Philippines, and
he said he had no Intention of relieving
him. Admiral Watson's health has been
a subject of concern to the authorities,
but the latest Information from Manila
shows that he has entirely recovered from
his illness of last fall.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PcstoSce Changes, Pensions, Army
Orders and Patents for Coast
Inventors.
Special rv.tpatrh to Tho Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The special
postai eervlce has been discontinued be
tween BlockEbtirg and Zenla, Trinity
County, to t&k» effect on February IS.
A- G. Blooni<juist was to-day appointed
postmaster at Lahonda, San Mateo
County, vice L>- M- Sears, resigned.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— Walter C Bradford. Arbuckle,
wheeled scraper; S. E. Gritrrs, Woodland, dis
play holder for hata: John C Kitten. Ban Fran
c;*co, ajftlenor of half to C C. Hutchlnson.-
Oakland, plate ice machine; Jarr.es H. North
rop. Tuetia, tool; Frank C. Pinnell, L«odgre.
pold wafihicsr machine; Valentine J. Key, Ban
Francisco, carbureter; Cornelius F. A. Raell,
I>'S iw-r^les, assignor of half to J. G. Orth.
wave i. or; Eebert J. Sabin. COlusa. boiler;
i-'amuel r\ Sweaxingen. Pasadena, wave motor;
Morton i. Thueetad. Baa Krancleco. door catch.
Or< ; jn — Joseph S. Allison, Portland, paddle
wb***.; Waiter Kretzer, Baker City, potato dlg
c-r »ad eaclter; Odaville Yates, The Dalles, car
\\_- ngton — Joeeph E. Wormald. Spokane,
Btorc or rurnac*; Ella M. Schrader. Seattle,
eu.rrner.t form: Charles Hesseltine. Creston.
Jtiechanism for raising- or lowering: busrgry tops.
Representative Sherman, on behalf of
the Board of Trade of Utica, N. V., has
Invited Representative De Vrles to ad
/Lro.->a that body on Monday next. "Mr.
de Vries has accepted the Invitation.
Andrew Furuseth ot San Francisco,
secretary of the Sailors' Union, appeared
before the Industrial Commission to-day
\<; explain why American boys do not fol
low the sea and to Indicate what Im
provements are necessary to Induce them
lo become sailors. He gave a compari
son of American maritime laws and
those of other nations, comparing the
wages of sailors and the lo'castla ac
commodations in American and foreign
vessels. His thorough knowledge of the
subject enabled him to throw much light
upon our American marine life. The
hearing will be continued-
Army orders — Captain James M. Ken
nedy, assistant surgeon, is relieved from
further duty In the Department of Cali
fornia and will proceed by the first
available transport to the Philippine
Islands.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War. Ordnance Sergeant Anton Peter
weni now at the Presidio, San Francisco,
is assigned to duty at Forth Winneld
Scott, Calif ornia.
Penelon for CaJlfomiam: Ortplnal— Samuel F.
Wai!»ce. Los Angeles, $6; Henry F. A napack,
Cajton. 16. Additional— George Sluyter, Eu
reka, JS to $10. Increase — Albert Atwell. Rio
I>eH, *8 to III; Albert C. Keating-, I>» Ar.gvles,
J^ to tlO. Original widow (special accrued Feb
ruary £). Virginia Littleton, Santa Roea, $S.
Oregon: Increase — £>a.rlus Halsey, Enterprise,
X to $10; Joseph A. Burllngame, Eujene, $S to
iio.
RUTH ERS DENIES CHARGES.
Says the Bacon Was Disposed Of in a
Legitimate Manner.
Major George W. Ruthers. commissary
of subsistence, of volunteers, against
whom some very peculiar charges have
been filed. Is attached to the purchasing
commissary department on this coast The
fharjres were mentioned in yesterday
morning's dispatches from the East and
rofer to the selling for private profit of
GIVEN UP FOR
DEAD, SHE HAS
NOW REAPPEARED
Mrs. Loringf Creates a
Court Surprise.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
UIS Broadway. Feb. 11
After & mysterious disappearance un
fxp'ained {or two years and five months,
Mrs. Emma JC- Loring put in an appear
ance in a fnnt directed against her for
Silki back wages due. and surprised Judge
Hall, the plaintiff, George H. Mera, and
the spectators that utually hang on about
the Hupe-rior Court rooms.
Mrs. Loring la the owner of the Picd
naont Castle, which ehe constructed out
of the odds and t-nds ot the late Mid
winter Fair. In August of 1537 she left
m a visit to friends in New York. She
expected to stay there six weeks, but re
ceived a ;••!• if: a.:Ti Jinnouncinfir the death
of an aunt in Germany, co she crossed
the Stern Atlantic while her Interests
¦were beingr guarded by Robert O. Oakley
of San Francisco, to whom ehe had given
fuil power of attorney. Her previous
eccentricities had attracted some atten
tion, and It was generally Bupposed that
the had either met witr foul play or had
done away with herself. She had left
her place In Piedmont in charge of Oak
iey. He employed Mere?, but the latter's
vages accrued and accumulated until his
tired feeling induced him to consult an
attorney to orlngr suit lor the recovery of
Wd due.
When the case of Men %"s. I>>ring came
on for trial In Judge Hall's court this aft
ernoon Mr. Oakley tried to explain tho
many vexatious incidents connected with
Mre. Loring's absence. He declared he
had tried to keep her property from "go
injj to the do^s." He claimed he put Mera
in charge of It and surmised that $400 was
a fair estimate of his Just dues.
Then Mrs. Ix>ring appeared to contest
the suit. She tried to explain to the court
her Btrange absence. She claimed ehe
wrote from New York advising him of her
continued absence, but he haa paid no at
tention to It at all. "And when I arrived
In San Francisco there was no one to
meet m* at the train," she said.
Judge HrII ordered Judgment entered In
favor of Plaintiff Mers.
BISHOP M'CABE.
The Famous Minister's experience
With Coffee.
The well-known bishop said to one of
his friends, some years ago: "I was a
great sufferer from severe headaches,
and at times after traveling many miles
to dedicate a church or perform some
other important duty, found myself
confined to a bed when the time came,
and was unable to carry out my work.
I finally discovered that when I left off
coffee for a few days the headaches dis-
appeared, and by ' further experiment
discovered that the coffee was undoubt-
edly the cause of the difficulty, which
finally entirely disappeared when I left
off coffee altogether.
The person to whom this remark Was
tr.ade is Mrs. Amy K. Glass, wife of a
Methodist minister at Rolfe, la. Shr
srys: "My own experience with coffee
',vi.s very convincing. I was grown up
before I ever drank coffee, but was ad-
vised by a friend (who meant it kindly)
to u«e weak tea and coffee, because a
warm drink aided digestion. I soon
thereafter commenced to have nervous
and fick headaches; could not believe it
was the ccfTee. PViHPfi
"My husband, who had suffered from
dyspepsia while a young man in college,
and found relief by leaving off coffee,
often told me he was satisfied my head-
aches were caused by coffee, so I gave
up the coffee and took up Postum
Cereal Food Coffee. The change taught
me. in a most convincing manner that
toffee was the cause of the headaches,
Imt now I have an equally good coffee
in Postum. and its health-giving prop-
erties are simply undeniable. Our little
children use Postum regularly and go
off to school as healthy and, happy as
children should. If ever husband or
myself take a drink of weak coffee at an
evening gathering or church social we
are kept awake until past the middle of
the night. Yours for health."
Appropriation for Portland.
.WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— 1n the Senate
to-day a bill appropriating 5150,000 for the
enlargement of the public building at
Portland, Or., was passed.
BAY^AND EIVEIV STEAMEE3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALIEJO.
MON., Tuea., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.: 1:15. 8:M p. m- (ex. Thnrs. night): S*ri-
da>-3, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. LandlOf and office. Mlsaion-itreet Dock,
Pier No. a. Telephone Mala 1303.
FABE M«
Daughters of St. George.
¦ The snowball party that was recently
given by Britannia Lodge of the Doush
ters.of St- George In celebration of the
return to the Pythian Castle was the
greatest social success that this lodge has
ever had.- The large hall in •which the
party was given waa too small to accom
modate all who presented invitations, and
there : were ? several hundred of them.
There was a short interesting programme,
snowballing and dancing, all contributing
to a pleasant evenlnc'a enjoyment.
Stole to Avoid Starvation.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— Luzen C. Sequlera,
an old woman living-, in Hay wards,, who
committed petty larceny to avoid starva
tion, is locked -up at the County Jail. The
Charge was preferred apainst her by An
tone Pelxotto. She was arrested for in
sanity several weeks ago, but was dis
charged by the examining physicians.
Hebrew Ladies Elect Officers.
ALAMEDA, Feb. J3.-The Hebrew
Ladles' Aid Society has elected the fol
lowing new officers: President, Mrs. D. A
Levy; vice president. Miss M. Solomon:
treasurer. Mrs. J. Oppenhelmer: financial
secretary, Mrs. L. Kline; recording secre
tary. Mrs. J. Floerßheim: trustees— Mrs
M. Wolfe, Mrs. I. Raphael, Mrs. Cutter
and Mrs. L. Sllberberg.
w . ¦ V -Y:v. ; ./ .-•'¦¦
g NATURAL APERIENT WATER Is the best known, the safest, and
j ; the most trustworthy remedy for CONSTIPATION.
jj It Is invaluable for tho relief of DYSPEPSIA. BILIOUSNESS. TORPID LIVEIUnd
fl> HEMORRHOIDS, in which its efficacy ia unquestionable. It clears the blood of
<» GOUT and BHETJSIATISM. and it secures A CLEAR COXPItEXIOIT.
ITOSTADI JANOS novergrlpe,, and is never foUowod by unDleasant after-effects.
/|^ May bo safely administered to children. '•*. Average doae » a wineglassful before
jjj breakfast, oithorpuro or diluted, with a similar quantity of hot orcold water.
| , ANDREA? SAXLEHNER, proprietor, -
% Budapest, Hußgaryi
PHaPftftllfl The S. 9. Alame.l*
jJaSlSlli * alls vla Honolulu ami
I •£»*•»•» Auckland for Sydney
ig™,^--«L Wednesday. Feb. H.
§ftSamsn[nJ "Thfsf'a. Australia
Cyit«»lJ«»^ mils for Honolulu
(OffireWlK Wednesday. March 7.
Favorite line around the -world via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zraland, Australia, India, Suet,
England, etc: 1610 first class.
I. D. SP miCKELb a BROS. CO.. *gts., 114 Uontgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Qfflce. 327 Market SL
Boxing at West Oakland.
OAKLAND, Feb. 13.— The. "West Oakland
Athletic Club will hold a boxing tourney
next Thursday night at the elubrooms,
corner of Eighth and Wood streets. There
will be ten-round contests between "Kid"
Johnson and "Billy" Martin and Ed War
ren and Charles Thurston. In addition to
that there will be three hot try-outs.
Knights of Honor.
Liberty Lodge has arranged for a grand
smoker to be given on the night of the
19th in the Alcazar building.
The first Quarterly lecture and enter
tainment to be given under the auspices
of the Past Dictators' Association will be
held in B. B. .Hall on the evening of the
22d inst., when there will be a lecture by
the Rev. Jacob Voorsanger. This will 'be
followed by an entertainment provided by
talented artists.
Last week Germanla Lodge was visited
by Ivy and Tancred lodges and a very
pleasant evening was passed. The grand
officers were in attendance.
The following night the membership of
Germanla and San Francisco lodges visit
ed American Eagle Lodge. Samuel
Polack. who for many years has been the
financial reporter of American Eagle
Lodge, is the president of the Home for
Aged and Disabled Hebrews, the institu
tion that -recently was enriched by the
donation of $230,000 by the will of the late
Captain Friedman.
The supreme dictator In a circular letter
makes the announcement that "the re
ceipts during August. September. October,
November and December provided a sum
sufficient to pay all death claims in
those months and| leave In excess
J215.896 13."
POSTUM CERE AT,.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
Of sailing.
NIPPOX MARU Friday. Feb. i
AMERICA MARU ,- .Wednesday, March 1
HONGKOXG MARU Saturday. Marcb 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trtp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W.-H. AVERT. Omeral Agent.
Charles Lever's Will.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— The will of
Charles Lever, who died in Alameda Jan
uary 29, was filed for probate to-day by
Stuart Taylor, who Is named aa execu
tor. The estate is valued at $23,318. The
will, dated December 22, 1599. bequeaths
to Bertha Veronlque Couchet $1000 and the
use of the residence at 2131 Santa Clara
avenue. Alameda, for one 'year, and their
title is to rest in Harriet Davis of Ross
Valley. To Bert Lincoln Davis $500 Is de
vised, with the request that he use the
game to pay for the perpetual ' care of
his lot In Tamalpals. Cemetery. The res
idue of the estate goes to three sisters
of testator— Edith Isabella Hicks, Mary
Ann Leon and Alice Royster of New
York.
FRUIT TREE STOCKS
BRING HIGH PRICES
NTJRSERYXiEEN COINING: MONEY
THIS SEASON.
Very Large Demand Has Been Caused
by. Variety of Concurrent Ctr
•"', cumstances. ?• :
According to W. P. Cantelow, who has
extensive knowledge of the work, of the
orchardists of California, there has not
been in five years such a demand for fruit
trees in the State as there Is now. As a
consequence the price of orchard stock
has risen largely and the nurserymen of
the State are coining money. There are
not enough trees to go around of the best
class. However, the nurserymen have
done the best they could to supply the de
mand. There has been a natural disin
clination to introduce nursery stock from,
abroad on account of the danger of bring
ing in Insect pests to the orchards. ' Mr.
Cantelow is stationed at Vacaville, where
he represents Porter Bros., but he also
takes in Winters, Suisun and Napa
County as a part of his territory. His
concern deals with fruit men largely, and
he accordingly has opportunities to leara
about many sections of the State. \
The large demand for fruit trees . this
year comes from all sections. A large
supply has been needed in Santa Clara
County. One reason for the planting in
the counties where the vineyard interests
have been extensive is the destruction of
vines by the phylloxera. The old vines
have been pulled up and fruit trees have
taken their places on a very large acre
age. There has also been a large amount
of replanting In orchards where trees
have died and left gaps. These two
causes alone made large drafts -on the
nurseries, Mr. Cantelow says.
Prime cling Btone and choice varieties
of peach trees are worth from 20 to 25
cents each in the market. Bartlett pear
trees, the best, bring 18 to 20 cents each.
Prune trees are worth IS cents each, and
there is a scarcity at these prices.. Last
year all orchard stock was very low and
there was very little demand for it. But
fruit sold " well last yeajr. Mr. Cantelow
says that the marketing of fruit on the
new basis, of for small profits, in
stead of holding on for a ¦ large specula
tion, which was the former practice in
California, has had a good effect in mak
ing a speedy and reliable market for the
goods. All orchardists who bad the
marketable fruits last year made money.
Peaches, pears and prunes have establish
ed themselves as the standard fruits. This
beln*? understood, there la a. general turn
ing to the varieties nameu. The general
good times have affected the fruit mar
ket as they have every other outlet for
products offered for salo abroad. When
any line is found to be making money
outsiders rush Into that line. This is go^
ing on now, but the i great planting " this
year is not of new acreage, as has already
been, eald. If this should be a successful
year there will be more acreage another
season In the natural course of events.
HAYWARDS POLITICS
IS BOILING OVER
HAYWARDS, Feb. 13.— Almost every
man in town. ls looking for a local office
this spring, and as there are only a few
places to be filled, many of the 'male con
tingent will be disappointed. Politics per
meates the atmospherellke a fog and wire
pulling is the principal occupation of al
most everybody. There are many candi
dates for the office of Clerk, the five prln^
clpal ones being James Collins, the
Incumbent: John Overmuller. E>. J.
Smalley, Clyde Reese and Pete Wilbert.
The leading contestants for Treasurer
are A. L. F. Fisher, who now holds the
Job, and Edward Haas, the leweler. For
Trustees there are a host of seekers. J.
L. Ramage, the City Marshal, is the only
man who appears sure of retaining his
berth.
Companions of the F. of A.
Last week the officers of Pride
of the Forest Circle were Installed
in Myrtle Hall, South San Francisco, by
Miss Rose Wolmar, D. I>. G. C. C, as
sisted by Miss Bessie- Borren of Bay City
Circle, acting as grand marshal. The
music incidental to the ceremonies was by
Miss Helena • Worms, who acted as or
ganist. The new officers are: Mrs. Hun
drup, J. P. C. C; Mrs. Wolf, C. C; Mrs.
Beoge. S. C. C; Mrs. Derosier, T.; Mrs.
Kraut, F. S.; H. P. Derosier, R. S.; Mrs.
Rose, R. G.: Mrs. Saur, L. G.: Mrs. Me-
Keown. I. G.: C. Brandemann. O. G.;
Mrs. Harley, trustee. After the cere
mony ex-Deputy E. H. Chamberlain of
Bonita Circle, on behalf of the circle,
presented Mrs. Saur, the junior past chief
companion, a framed certificate of her
rank in the order and an emblematic
jewel. This circle will give a social in
Its hall on the 6th of March.
Inter Nos Circle at Its meeting last
Tuesday night admitted two members by
card, initiated one stranger and received
several applications, and under good of
the order there, was a pleasant social
hour. This circle has been doing good
work for several months past and the
membership evidently desires to maintain
its well-earned reputation for sociability.
sincerity and constancy. >
At a meeting of Robin Hood Circle last
Wednesday action was taken in the line
of having a social meeting once a month
with a view to increasing the social fea
ture of the circle. The circle has a host
of members who can entertain with song,
music, farce and recitation, and Miss
Alice Ticoulet, who was the mover of the
proposition, desires to bring out this
talent. It is probable that the circle will,
from time to time, invite one or more of
the courts of Foresters to attend these
socials in a body.
Since Lorely Circle haa taken new quar
ters in the Alcazar building the attend
ance has improved and Initiations are fre
quent. At the pace that this circle has
been moving at late it bid 3 fair to resume
the advanced position that it held for
many years in the order.
Palo Alto Circle is making arrange
ments for a grand party to be given some
time during March. At its meeting on
last Wednesday there was a large attend
ance and after business there wa3 a
pleasant hour under tho good of the or
* The fortune social recently given by
Hamlet Circle In Alameda waa a grand
success, due to the management by the
committee, consisting of Misses A. D.
Bremer, Marian Mentel. Nellie Crowley
and Amy Segelhorst and Mrs. K. Sei
ger. After the programme, musical and
literary, contributed by Misses Mildred
Turner. Edith Jones. Bartha Campe,
Pauline Grant, Elsie Shreve, Odella Vitt,
Mrs. 8. Keogh, John Jackens, C. H.
French. Rudolph Sieger and Professor
Schwertfeger, each one was presented
with his or ier fortune and then there
was dancing and refreshments.
MOTHER HAD A
PRESENTIMENT OF
HER SON'S DEATH
Both Passed Away at
the Same Hour.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 13.— Mrs. Jeanette H.
Hopps had a presentiment of her Bon
James' tragic death at Vallejo a few
moments before she died in this city.
Singularly enough, the mother and son
passed away yesterday at almost the
same hour. Mrs. Hopps was 85 years of
age and in vigorous health for one of her
years. It was a surprise therefore when
she succumbed suddenly yesterday while
enjoying the society of her son and
daughter-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Frank W.
Hopps. The cause of death was rheuma
tism of the heart.
Just previous to her demise Mrs. Hopps
had been talking of her son, James H.
Hopps. who was an employe at the Mare
Island Navy- yard. She wenried continu
ally about him and seemed to be fearful
that he had met with a fatal accident.
She said that she had a presentiment that
James was dead. A strange circumstance
is that Mrs. Hopps had seven children
living in different parts of the United
States and that her thoughts were only
of this particular one.
"Mother talked of no one but James,"
said Frank W. Hopps. She said, 'I am
sure something has happened to James. I
have a presentiment that he has-been
killed In an accident.' I asked her why
she thought so, and she said she could not
explain. She could only reiterate that
her son was dead and that she was sure
of It. "*
"While we were talking about it and I
vas trying to assure her that It was only
lancy on her part mother suddenly grew
faint, and despite all that we could do for
her she succumbed in a few moments. Her
death occurred just before 10 o'clock. It
was only a little after that when we got
a telephone message from Vallejo an
nouncing that James had been killed by
falling from a window. We had just dis
patched a message -to James informing
him of the death of his mother."
The body of the son was found beneath
a second-story window of his residence at
Vallejo. How he came to meet his death
is unknown, but the supposition is that
he accidentally fell from the window. He
was a native of Massachusetts, 52 years
of age, and leaves a widow and one child.
The funeral services of Mrs. Hoppa will
be held to-morrow morning at 11:30 o'clock
from her late residence, 2719 Central av
enue. Rev. Frank S. Brush of the First
Presbyterian Church will . officiate. The
funeral gathering of James H. Hopps will
meet that of the mother at the San Fran
cisco ferry and short services will bo held
at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the
Interment of the two bodies will take
place. ¦ • ' :- ; • ¦ " ' ~
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leav* Broadway
fc^ wharf. San Francisco:
TOW, For Alaskan ports. 10 a. in.
fZS&pW Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2.
l»»*»S3^SSk Charge to company's steam-
!l%s£^ v*3 F or Victoria. Vancouver.
ElibM^li < B - C ->> Port Towns«»n.|.
#^*wCStf«M Seattle, Tacoma. Ev<?rt"tt.
* Anacortes and New Wnat-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m., Feb.
5. 10. 13. 20. 25, Mar. 1. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company's
steamers tor Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), t p. m., Feb.
S. 8. 13. IS. 23. 23, Mar. 5. and every ftfth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ncoß, Port Harford (San Lais Oblspo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lob Anireles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 18, 20. 24. 23. Mar. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ban Dtego. stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luia Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port log
Anzeles and Redondo (Lo>i Angeles), 11 a. m..
Feb. 2. «. 10. 14, 13. 22- ~*S. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mardalena Bay. San Joe© del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the rifrht to chansrs
steamers, salllnar dates and hours of sailing-,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agts..
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
TO MEET IN THIS CITY
Will Discuss With Assessor Dodge
the Subject. of the Taxation of
Telephones.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 13.— At a brief
session of the State Board of Equaliza
tion this afternoon it was resolved to meet
to-morrow in* San Francisco with As
sessor Dodge for the purpose of advising
with him in relation to San Francisco's
assessment.
The board will probably address the
Assessors of the various counties con
cerning the proper assessment of tele
phones, although nothing decisive haa yet
been ordered as to this matter.
The board has ordered sent to the As
sessors of the various counties a circular
letter containing the opinion of Attorney
General Ford rendered nearly a yeai ago
concerning the assessment of cars. Under
this opinion it Is declared to be the duty
of the Assessors to- assess refrigerator,
oil, beer and stock cars where such cars
belong to Individuals or other corpora
tions than railroad corporations operating
the same. The Assessors are also re
quested to make a special report to the
board as soon as possible of all freight
cars belonging to Eastern or foreign rail
road companies on railroad tracks in their
counties on the first Monday of March at
noon.
PRICE SET ON PACIFIC
IMPROVEMENT STOCK
Speyer Syndicate Negotiating for the
Crocker and Stanford
Holdings.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— 1t ia stated that
the Speyer syndicate, which Includes Col
lis P. Huntington, is negotiating for the
Pacific Improvement Company shares
held by the Crockers and the Leland Stan
ford estate. The holders of the stock,
amounting to about 25,000 shares, have
agreed to sell at a stipulated price, it is
said. Each of the two blocks will bring
between $5,000,000 and $6,000,000.
Epworth League to Meet.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 13.— The annual
convention of the California Epworth
League will be held in this city in April
next, continuing from three to five days,
and bringing to Pacific Grove about 400
delegates. '
ANNUAL CONVENTION OF
SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORKERS
Santa Clara County Association Con
venes at the South Methodist
Church in San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13,— The annual conven
tion of the Santa Clara Sunday-school
Association opened at the South Metho
dist Church this afternoon before an au
dience of several hundred, of whom 100
were delegates. President Earl S. Bing
ham called the convention to order.
The. afternoon session was devoted to
"The. Purpose of the Sunday-school."
when the following programme waa car
ried out: "What the Sunday-schools
Should Not Be," H. T. Plant, Saratoga;
discussion, "Is Yours a 'Should Not Be?' "
paper, "Decision Day," Rev. J. N. Craw
ford, San Jose; song, "All My Class for
Jesus," Mrs. Ella B. McDowell, San
Jose; discussion, "Will Your School Ob
eerve the Day, March 25th?" business:
address, "The Sunday-school as a Moral
Force in the Production of Good Citi
zens."
Reports and election of officers opened
the evening session. The secretary's re
port showed a total membership of 6COO
in the seventy-eight Sunday-schools if
the county. This is a gain or four schools
in the past year. Santa Clara County has
contributed $100 to the State Association
work, which is more than any other coun
ty has done. This county leads North
ern California in association work.
Dr. J. L, Van Defwerker of San Jose
was elected president for the ensuing
year. A vocal solo was rendered by Mrs.
Ella B. McDowell and Rev. Eli MeCllsh
delivered an address on "The Teacher
and His Pupil."- • ' .
The convention will be In session again
to-morrow.
THOUGHTLESS BOYS NEARLY
CAUSE A TRAIN WRECK
Loosen the Brakes on a Car, Which
Ran in Front of an Approach- ¦
ing Train.
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 13.— The act of
some mischievous boys nearly caused a
wreck at the depot of the California
Northwestern Railroad this afternoon.
A train going through to Petaluma cut off
a car at a flying switch a few yards from
the depot. The car was left an the side
track, which has a grade Inclining to»
ward the depot. This afternoon a num
ber of boys loosened the brakes and the
car started. It rolled along the track
through the depot, 'where a trainman
boarded It and brought It. to a standstill.
The coach was then switched on a
freight sidetrack but a few seconds be
fore the city train rolled into the station.
The place where the car was stopped is
hidden by a curve from the main line,
and had it not been for prompt action a
collision would have occurred. -
KILLED AS THE RESULT
OF A SALOON ROW
Henry Bay Shoots Charles Barling
hoff and. a Jury Gives Verdict
of Self-Defense.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 13.— A Spokes
man-Review special from Grangevllle
says: At White Bird .eighteen miles from
here, Henry Ray shot and killed Charles
Burllnghoff. The tragedy waa the out
come of a saloon row. The verdict of
the Coroner's jury was that Burlinghoff
came to his death by a pistol wound in
flicted by Ray In self-defense.
CALIFORNIANS WED.
Dr. Samuel T. Simmons and Miss
"Evelyn • Crow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— Dr. Samuel T.
Simmons of Sacramento and Miss Evelyn
Crow of San Jose will be. married here on
Thursday night at the residence of Mrs.
Robert P. Marshall, sister of Miss Crow.
Eoth are natives of San Francisco and
graduates of Stanford University. They
will, after a short honeymoon, return to
Sacramento, their future home,
, : * -
Fails for a Big Sum.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 13.— Charles K.
Allen of South Pasadena, who gives his
American Guild.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Guild last Wednes
day night there was an Initiation and tho
committee on social was increased. This
Is to be a complimentary function and tt U
proposed to make It one of the very best
that has ever been given under the au
spices of this chapter. During the even
ing ex-Deputy Supreme Governor McQar
vie was present and addressed the meet
ing.
EMBALMING FLUID
WAS WORSE THAN
PHILIPPINE FEVER
Ex-Soldier Narrowly
Escapes Death.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 13.
Frank "Waters drank a glass of embalm
ing fluid while Buffering from acute indi
gestion to-day, and is now writhing in
pain with his' life In danger. The pois
onous liquor was swallowed at the un
dertaking establishment of James Tay
lor. 520 Thirteenth street, and the griping
pains which It was Intended to alleviate
were followed by convulsions which
caused the most Intense pain.
The young man is employed by the un
dertaker, and took the dose of poison by
mistake. "When the war with Spain broke
out he enlisted in the Fourteenth Infantry
and went with that regiment to the Phil
ippines. While there he contracted stom
ach troubles and dysentery, which have
clung to him intermittently ever since.
Before enlisting he was employed by Mr.
Taylor, and when he returned last Sep
tember he again went to work at the
same place.
While at work this morning In a back
room Waters was seized witfT a, pain in
the abdomen, and, grabbing a/fcup- which
stood close by, he filled it with water and
drank the contents. A moment later he
was doubled up with spasms and fell to
the floor.
"I flrank some embalming fluid." he
cried, as his employer rushed in.
Dr. Wakefleld was called and worked
over the victim of the mistake for sev
eral hours. Emetics were administered,
and this afternoon the young man had
Improved considerably. He is still suf
fering greatly, however, and is yet far
from being out of danger.
ROBERT BISHOP
LEFT TO MERCY
OF THE COURT
He Is Found Guilty
of Arson.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 13.
Aged Robert Bishop is guilty of having
set fire to his place at Lorin in order to
reap the benefit of the insurance on the
place. That, at least, was the verdict of
a jury in Judge Greene's court to-day
after two previous trials at which the Jur
ors had disagreed and had been unmerci
fully roasted by the Judge, The crime
occurred in October of last year.
¦ The jury remained out from 2:la
this afternoon until shortly after 6 o'clock
and recommended the convicted man to
the extreme mercy of the court. That
the verdict might not be erroneous In its
most minute particulars, Judge Greene
had the jury polled. The result proved
the verdict. -, )¦'
Bishop was seated beside one of nls
daughters when the verdict was an
nounced, but he never flinched. He was
remanded to the custody of the Sheriff
an-A sentence will be pronounced next
Thursday morning.
Knights of Pythias.
During the past week Herman Schaff
ner, G. K. of R. and S., visited Rathbono
Lodge at Jackson, and on Saturday he
was with Suisun Lodge to do some work
for Vacaville Lodge. On the 19th lnst. he
will visit th© lodge in Sonoma, on tho
20th he will visit the lodge in Angels, and
on the 21st he will visit the one at Chi
nese Camp.
Ivanhoe recently had work in the page
degree, and In many of the local lodges
there has been considerable activity.
Grand Chancellor Arndt has Just recov
ered from a severe attack of illness that
confined him for some timo to his home
in San Diego.
PRISONERS UNMOVED UPON
LEARNING OF LOUCKS' DEATH
"Will Try to Prove an Alibi, Claiming
They Were in Bed When the •
Murder Was Done.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 13.— When J.
Teshara and M. Amaya were informed
to-day of the death of G. D. Loucks, whom
they are accused of having murdered,
they did not quiver a muscle. Teshara.
who is 25 years old, reported that he was
to be married to-morrow, and it is sup
posed the murder of Loucks might have
been prompted by the desire to secure
money with which to start housekeeping.
Although Loucks ¦ positively identified
them both still insist in denying they had
anything to do with the crime. How
ever, they admit they were In the saloon
the night of the crime, but say they had
gone before the shooting took place. 'The
parents of the accused are ready to
swear the prisoners were In bed at the
hour it is claimed the crime was oom
mltted. The defense will try to prove an
alibi, and also that Loucks was near
sighted and unable to tell who did the
shooting.
The autopsy to-day revealed the fact
that Loucks had received two shots, one
in the breast and the .other in the stom
ach. Two wounds were found on the
head and one under the chin, penetrating
to the bone. It was Loucks' habit to dis
play money when making change. He car
ried about $100 in a leather pouch, the
amount being back pension money.
Loucks was a native of Michigan, aged
63 years. He served during the Civil
War in the Ninth Kansas Cavalry. He
was past commander of "Wallace Post,
G. A. R.
The prisoners will be examined Friday.
BARK COLORADO
HIGH AND DRY
Goes Ashore on Beach
Of Johnsons Bay. •
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call. -
VANCOUVER. B. C; Feb. 13.— The bark
Colorado, which has been engaged for
several years in carrying ore from the
Treadwell mine in Alaska to the Tacoma
smelter, had a narrow escape on Monday
morning from going to the bottom with a
load of concentrates on board worth
nearly $100 000. As it was she ran on the
beach of Johnsons Bay and now has a
hole across her bows large enough to
drive a horse and buggy through. The
vessel was on her way south in tow of
the tug Lome, the largest of the Puget
Sound fleet. At 1:30 o'clock on Monday
morning the vessels were within fifty
miles. of Johnson Straits and Seymour
Narrows. - With fine, clear moonlight to
make navigation easy Captain Butler re
tired, leaving instructions with Pilot
Langley to call him if the weather
changed. At 3:30 a snow squall was en
countered. When Captain Butler awoke
at 4 o'clock with the shock of his vessel
striking the rocks he found that a email
bay had been entered In mistake for the
entrance to Seymour Narrows. The boat
was high on the beach. - The bark in tow
was swept forward by her own impetus
and the force of the tide and jammed in
on top of the stern of the Lome. The
weight of her fifteen hundred tons of ore
crushed her through for twenty feet of
her starboard bow, but ' fortunately the
hole was above the water line.
The great mass of falling ore and the
weight of the bow of the bark sunk the
stern of the tug, and as the tide went out
both vessels were in an almost hopeless
jam on the rocks. Fortunately the
steamer Wlllapa. which brought the news
of the disaster to the city -to-day, came
along during the forenoon and she suc
ceeded in towing the Colorado free 6t the
steamer and taking her to a safe anchor
age. It is a question whether the Colo
rado will be worth the repairs that will
be required to put her in a seaworthy
condition again.
The ore and wreckage was cleared oft
the stern of the Lome and with the flood
tide she raised and was floated off. She
Is how on her way down to Victoria,
whence another tug and barge will
be sent north to bring down the cargo
of the Colorado. The upper works of the
Lome* were badly damaged, but her
smash against the rocks was not sufficient
to drive a hole in her bottom.
VIGOROUS DENIAL
BY TALIAFERRO
Denounces Army Bacon
Story.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.-
Senator Taliaferro of Florida pronounces
as maliciously false. the charges made by
J. G. Holland, published. ln. a New Tork
newspaper this morning, alleging that he
had entered into .. collusion -with Major
Ruthers of the army in connection with
a meat contract. lie gave out this state
ment to-night;
"I state positively that I have never
had business transactions with Major
Ritfhers; never met him In company with
C. B. Rogers or any one else to discuss
business anywhere; never- purchased .or
discussed the purchase of meats or profits
thereon with Major Ruthers, either singly
or with others; never heard of the alleged
shipment of meat to Kingston, Jamaica,
or other West Indian ports until I saw
Holland's statement; and, therefore, I
pronounce the statement a tissue of mali
cious falsehoods from beginning to end.
"The motive of Holland's statement is
disclosed in these few words of the pub
lished story: 'Accordingly I came to
Washington and sought the counsel of a
well-known public man.' This 'well-known
public man' has been twice defeated by
the Legislature of ! Florida tor the office
of Senator and in his disappointment and
chagrin he seeks now to injure me through
the publication of false and malicious
charges."
SHE WANTS TEN
THOUSAND FOR
A POLLED TOOTH
Trial of Mrs. Hunt's
Suit Begun.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Feb. 11
Instead of a "tooth for a tooth." Mrs.
Margaret G. Hunt wants $10,000 damages.
That, at least. Is the gist of a damage
sun of Mrs. Hunt against Dr. Walter F.
Lewis, a dentist of some note. Mrs. Hunt.
in her complaint, alleges that in Febru
ary, ISS7, she had employed Dr. Lewia
to pull a molar from her upper Jaw. She
claims. However, that the operation as
Performed by the manipulator and ex
tractor of masticators was so unskillf-.il
that an abcess formed in the cavity and
caused her pain and anguish way beyond
the imagination of the greatest sufferer.
Mrs. Hunt was on the stand this after
noon. On direct examination, conducted
by Attorneys Chapman and Clift, she re
lated the minor details of the peculiarly
objectionable molar extraction: and rm
cross-examination by Attorney W. R. Da
vis. ex-Mayor of Oakland, little was
brought out beyond the allegations in their
most mild strain. Attorney Davis, how
ever, proposes to show that Mrs. Hunt s
tooth was In such a state of ulceratlorx
that whatever Dr. Lewis might have
done would have terminated In the same
result on which Mrs. Hunt demands dam
ages.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
occupation as farmer, has filed a petition
in bankruptcy in the United Slates Dis
trict Court. His liabilities are J27/JSSC7.
with- assets at $500. Nearly all cf the
creditors are residents of the city and
State of New York, the money owing be
ing largely, for printers' supplies.
'.. ¦„< ¦¦•. ¦ ¦ ? :
OVER ONE HUNDRED
MILLIONS ASKED FOR
What It Costs to Maintain the Army
Necessitated by the Policy of
Imperialism.
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The- House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day
completed the army appropriation bill. It
carries $111,700,364. against $SO.OSO.I<M In th©
bill- for the current year. The great in
crease is accounted for by the fact that
the appropriation- for the current fiscal
year was Inadequate and the urgent de
ficiency bill recently passed carried a large
additional appropriation for the army for
the current year.
The bill Includes an appropriation of
5450,550 for cable and telegraph lines to
connect the military posts In Alaska with
headquarters -at St. Michael and $100,000
for military bridges and roads in Alaska,
New Refinery for Pacheco.
WALNUT CREEK. Feb. 14.— The Cali
fornia and Hawaiian Sugar Company Is
starting another refinery at Pacheco, with
a capacity of 2000 barrels dally. Tne com
pany has under lease several thousand
acres of land in beets and is now nego
tiating for the Vincent Hook land close
to this town. There is a small boom In
the town of Pacheco since it has been
settled that the sugar company win erect
costly buildings. Town lots that could not
have been given away a few weeks ago
are now bringing big figures.
Santa Clara Pioneer Dead.
Special IMspatch to The Call
SAN JOSE,. Feb. 13.— Patrick McGovcer
an, a pioneer resident of the town, of San
ta Clara, Is dead. He left Ireland, his na
tive country, in the early fifties and came
to California. The- deceased followed
mining for a time, and thirty-two years
ago moved to Santa Clara. At th« time
of his death he was SO years of age. Five
grown children survive him.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From 6i>«ar-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £l 2 F |r3t clas » Including Berth
IAnC $8 Second Class and Aleais.
COLUMBIA BaU3 Feb. 17. 27. ilar. 9. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 12. 22. March 4. 14, 24
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In th- Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B» C. WARD. General Agent.
CO Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Super! ntendents.
COXPASNIE GENEBAI.E TRA2TSATLA3TIQCB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. f-rtr*r
Iralllng every Thursday Instead of «CJJSfjS
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. af^"- ? »>
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.; I/AQUITAINE. F«b- 15; LA OA3-
COGNE. Feb. 22; LA TOURAINE, March 1:
LA BRETAGXE. March 8. First class to
Havre, »6O and upward; 6 pet" cent reduction oa
round trip. Second class to Havre. J45: 5 per
cent reduction on roun<3 trip- GENERAL
AGENCY FOR t7>UTEI> • STATES AND
CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. K. FUQAZI A CO.. Paciflo
Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery are.. San Fran-
cisco.
9SAW F-RAJVCISCO CALL.
•SPEIKE63 OFFICE of the San Francisco
C«l. corner «f Market and Third streets. ep«a
tentH tt o'clock every nltrnt in t»« year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montrotnery •tit«t
comer Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. ».
too Hares street: ©Ten until »:» p. tn.
CS McAllister etreet: open until 1:80 p. a.
OS L«rkln etreet: open until S:SO p. tn.
iS« Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
C£l Market street, corner Sixteenth; cptn
cr.tfl f ji. m.
:C« Eleventh «tre*t: cpen until 9 p. ro.
3C«« Valencia etreet: epen until I p. B-
:m Polk ftreet; open until S p. m.
ICorthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tvcKy rtrert*; open untr. t p. m.
MEI2TIXG NOTICES.
M<~>UNT Morten Lodge No. 44, F. ana A. B
M.-Mwtlnj THIS <WEDX*3SDAY> _,^V_
EVENING, at 7:39 o'clock. Klr?t <le- JkJX
eree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /V^
MOUNT Mortah Lodce No. 44. F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are respect-
fu'ly requested to assemble at Mar-onic TCJT
Texrp'.e. or. THfRSDAY. February 15. f^T >
at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose oJ attend-
rOY. eßye By n crder°cr C> the "W M.
TIIEO. KROLICH. Sec
CROCKETT Log's* No. IS9. F. and A. •
M.— D. Ist THIS (WEDNESDAY) Jfc.
EVENING. Fi-b. 14. Bt 7:30 o'clock. Uy J^jt
order of the TV. M. W. FORTRIEDE. /tr>
EXCELSIOR Lodre ICo. 16S, F. and A. j[
M.-Epecial meetlnjr THIS (WEDXES-_fV_
DAY) EVENING. February 14, at 7:3O JSjT
o'clock. Fim decree. rv^ >
TIIEO. E. SMITH, Sec
111SSIOX Lodee No. 1«9. F*. and A. M-— •
Called meeting: THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Flr*t <3e- Xj\
gree. c. P. BUNKER. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodce No. 5. K. of P.. will ;a~
confer the esquire rank THIS-, !•<
(WEDN'ESBAY) EVENING, at 909 Of>&«
Market st. Member! of the order are Jt^iH
cordially invited to attend.
JOHN WISE, C. C.
O. XORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
AJTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY cf Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rlst and ralrr.lst in the worJ<S: satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Qolflfn Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT I/AAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a ypecialty; private;
no »>• without success; collections. <3. W.
HOWE, atty et !iir, $50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 92' Market et.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZUJACH. attorney at law, has re-
euroed practice at LO3 Cal. St., Clunle building:.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid?.. 827 Mar-
ket ft.: congultatlon free: no fees in advance.
BOARD AND HOOMJ.
TIIE WALLACE, 944 Van Ness aye. — Just
opened; newly furnished family hotel; finest
location; excellent table; rates by the month.
week cr flay: reasonable.
NEW family hotel; flrst-cltn In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: Special inducements to
telect people. 807 California «t-. occupylni
corner opposite Grace Church.
"Br.LGRAVIA HOTEL." Pf*lk and Clay— Sun-
ny ruUes; be*t board: 2, J5O up; single, $22 50.
IIVDE, rss (The Salisbury)— Large Sunny iccms
with hoard; en suite or single; reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market »t.— Suite of 2 or I
erne. : private: bath: rin. rmi. ; beard optional.
O'FARP.ELL. 712— Clean, cortfortable rooms;
pood home cooking; special rates to gents.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States, pestpaia. for ?1 per year.
DOAKDI.XG FOB CHILDREN.
GOOD home for I children over I year* old.
2178 Perry st.
LADY with grown family wishes young child to
board; good home: reasonable. Box SSIS. Call.
BOOKS — IVEW AM) OLD.
6Ck6oL~~BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hoin;e« Book Co.. TO4 Mission Bt.. near Third.
noui AXD ynoi; nAiiGAixs.
BABY'S Fhoe«. elres 2 to ( 35 ctt
Men's working ehoen, extra <juaMty.. Ji 25
Boy's shoes, sires 13% to I ¦. *5 cts
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BUSINESS CHAJVCES.
A—tllOO;A — tllOO; r>AIRY and route; 13 cows, 4 horses,
1 milk- wa*un. 1 cart, etc.; Include 10 acres
crop cf barley hay: business established 23
years. R. O. WILKE. 906 Market St.. rm. 8.
A— J^ r 0; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton st.; establ. many years and clearing
abo\e 1150 per mor.th. Call room 8, 906 llar-
ket ct. n. G. WILKE.
A-s^o; DELICACY and dairy business, kept
by pn?jpr,t owner for » years; a splendid busl-
r.fss: offer; place clearirig about $SQ per mo.
K<C Market et.. room S. It. G. WILKE.
A— s4soo: CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class
i-aylng: only cash trade; stock all fresh; will
invoice tbe price; a splendid and rare chance.
Particulars. R. C. WILXE. ?06 Market St..
room b.
A— JWOO; PAHTKER wanted In ealoon on O'Far-
re'.l and Stockton st*. Call R. G. WILKE.
room S. &06 Market at.
A— JJfiO; RESTAURANT aad chop houne on
Third Et., near Call bldg. R. G. WILKE.
room S. &06 Market st.
A-J1S0O; SALOON; choice location en Kearny
rt.: Fjilendid business offer. Call R. G.
V.'ILKE, room 8, &06 Market Bt.
A—S7OO;A — S700; CORNER (rrocerv and btr, with 4
room*, on Market «t. : must be sold on ac-
count of death at once; good business. K. G.
TVILKE. 906 Market »t.
A— SUM; BAKERY on Polk it.; baking Vi
barre:*: ell ttore trade; daily receipt* above
J*3; rent J2S. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A — *300; FXtt-TT etore. -with living rooms, on
Pclk Et.; t-iilenfild paying business and pood
•Ftock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 llar'.rt.
A— J2iS: nriAJCCII bakery, with 3 living- rooms;
established 10 years; dally receipt* fla; eplen-
dld location on Larkin st. R. G. WILKE. &6fi
Market ut.
A SALOOS on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large stock; rushing business;
no better location on Kast St.; splendid
chance. R. G. WJLKE, SCrt Market tt.
12-ROOM h'Hj^e; a cnap S5OO
SO-room hyuse: a bargain $1000
A drar store; fin^ loc&tlon *300
A barter Ehop and cigar store £w9
A branch bakery: rare bargain *1.%0
A Krocery and bar; a snap , }6W
Fine hakery In food location $1000
MITCHELL & ADAMS, «•« Market 6t.
CITT* BtrSMCESS EXCHAN'GEI. 7S Third Bt.
Bargain? In falocns \ 1330 to 11500
Oisrar stores with elubroomt $100 to *500
Restaurants and oyster houses $125 to $1200
Rooming hriUfes: 10 to 100 rooms.
Partner; small capital; paying business.
X— *coo PARTNKH EETIRING.'.
RemaJnlnj: partner fine truriness man. thor-
oughly responsible; dinlngr-room handsomely
furnished; seats 100 people; location best near
Market In larpe prominent hotel; owner rolng
Eaet. STE.NBERG CO., SM Market rt.
S2SO0 — BLACKSMITH (hop; prosperous country
tot«-n; 2 lots; buildinrs and private dwellinir.
included: part cash if desired. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. TH^t Market et.
$150 — BRANCH bakery and candy store; best
rart cf the Mission; 1 living rooms; cheap
rent: given away. M. LEES. TBS Market st.
tSOO— PARTNER In flrst-class corner saloon; es-
tablished SO year*; present owner there 10
years: trial given. JOKES CO.. £C 5 Market.
A— HOME kitchen ani delicacies; downtown:
<-i«-ars 111*; per month: for cost ot fixture*. I»A-
CiriC STATES KKALTT CO.*, "20 Parrott big.
na>-FRUIT rtore: location best; good
prices: receipts Jl5 to 110 a day: owner nick.
most cell. , G^raran- American. 34 Zearay et.
X CORNER Baloon: centrally located: bl* bar-
rain, oowino & CO.. 1130 Market et.
COAL oil route for eale cheap; parties gr>lny
Eway. Apply offlc* Crystal Oil Co.. 812 Capp
«t.. near Kl<rhte<*nth ; phone White 12S8.
ESTABLISHED furriture business; bargain for
right man; eellir.ff ac-ount of sickness. Apply
tl ra Broadway. Oakland.
WILL trade county right or a patent for a
¦ good piano. Address rioac a:.27. Call office.
BALOON. centrally located; fair butdn»ss: j*roo<l
stock and nature*; Hvincr raonn: departure
r au?e of rale. Uox SS23, Call office.
FOX sale — Railroad tsaloor., with property,
ftock and flrtum. fcr sale in Paso Robles
for particular* idunss JOH.V O. EXGEL
Pa»o Robles. Cal. «
YOU eale— The furniture of private house, 9
rtoir.m and bath; *I»eant furniture; ront J3S;
cheap on account of departure. See ti'4
Mission ft.
FOII eale-Brancli home bakery tnd ndlk it-
pot; dieap if *old at once. Inquire Call.
tIff.CCO— ON'E of the be*t bakeries In city fcr
f-B'e; *hop business only. Address box ZSBJ,
Call office.
GOOD-PAYIKO corner saloon; I roonrerwUh cr
without furniture; retiring from business.
m Kintn Et.
KOR sale — Downtown ealoon. Apply to Me-
LEOD & HATJE. EH Market tt. '
BARGAIN for burins ot relUnjr ealoons or any
twislness- fair treatment. lAquot Dealers'
Jcvxral, SEft California tv, room v
BISIM>S CHANCES — Contlnned.
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List whatever you have for eal«
with me. I can Bell for cash.
I will advertise it fre« for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waltine with cash.
1 sell cltv and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER, 10?0 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine- location
downtown; newly fitted up: electric lig-hts;
low rent; furniture, fixtures and etock for JlOO.
WM. HENDRICKSON &i CO.. 614 Call bldg.
TO the rlcht man an Interest In legitimate.
growing business; small capital required.
SMITH. 34 Kearny Et.
BALOON at Third St., near Market; fine tra»Je ;
cheap If sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers
Journal, ISSVt California st.. room 1.
J1650-CASH or security: grocery and bar: ffood
location: fin* Btock: no agents wanted. In-
quire SO Lily aye. ¦
FOR eale— Branch bakery, confectionery and
notions. SISVa Fourteenth gt. ;
GROCERY and bar: 4 living rooms and stable;
rent low; reasonable. 455 Clementina st,
A TINE downtown route on Call; In business
section. lia Filbert st.
FOR Bale— Restaurant and bar: 20 eteady board-
ers. 3021 Clement Bt. •
JIIB— SALOON and crocery; 2 llvlnc rooms;
rent iH; must sell at once. 921H Howard et.
ROUTE of S4« papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. —
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1213 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call- advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
ncrthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ft?.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGO.NS.
TO YloseTsta te t he^tock~oTTw tie w~~and sec-
ond-hand wnsrons. buesy. carts and over 150
eets or harness will be gold at half oost, as
the fcuriness must be closed. 1140 F:lsom St..
near F.lphth. .
ALL kinds of wagons. bupßtcs, certs, harness,
etc, cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission ft.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bupiries, carts Jfc har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATIXG AM) CLBAMS'G.
"WHEN ycu become distrusted with pocr work
tend to SPAULIJING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat«-
lr.g Works, 553-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co. ,
4£3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard; l;iid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eithth St.; te!. Jpsste 344.
i J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Cc, 240 14th
I ft.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM. j
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The 'World's Moat Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant, -."-•. \
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to t»e Grave. ,
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Eick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk or the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
lieaJthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail Is ;
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly conflden-
tl Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. IX HOWE. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
T*k» the broad-ffaufre ferry and ret off at
Clinton Etatlon. 2d station from Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
jimS~^r^jT~WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
tei>t. business medium: life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular; sittings ft.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know without questions; readings
this «Mk. *U.c. EOc: satisfaction. 230 A Turk.
MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune* teller; best advice in dl'flcult matters.
$ Hayes st.. room 7. second floor. '
DINPMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant: private eittlnß": mar-
velous results: 10 a. m. to S p. m. 127 Ellis.
j'ME HANSON— Palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, pr^eent. future. i. r .c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
TESTS to-night. 10c; slttlntr daily, 25c, SOc; card
reading: free. Arnold & Picksen. US Sixth, r.l.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2ic up. "3 Fourth st, near Mission.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, medium and card reader,
100714 Market st., rm. 10; ladies 25c. gents SOc.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent Elate writer,
230 Ellis St.: circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Ft. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 2Sc^
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25?; truth or no pay. IH9 Mission.
MME. EHAFFER.cialrvcyant, card reader; »it-
tlr.gs dally. I\lV, Sixth st.
TOUR future told by card?, 25c. 944 Howard
et,. 10 a. m. to 19 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names erlven; 25c up. S Fourth »t.
MME. STBILLE — Cradle to crave: future hus-
band's picture, 2£c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
OTEAPEET »nd tx*st in America — Th* Weekly
CbII. 16 paces, tent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poEtar* paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEO^GE^WTl^Hiur^Uejncyrno charge un-
DRESSMAKHRS AM* SEA3ISTOESSES
4SS GEART — First-class dressmaker. direct
from Bocton, would like engagements; best # of
references.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring: system uugbt. 305 van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary it.; dresses
made, |5 up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
MCDOWELL Dressmakine School— Leading: sys-
tem; easy payments; erg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCbRDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor fe MofCat.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S. lIIOGIXB' dental parlors. 927
ed* without pain by life. of electricity, &ai or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure cold fillings
from Jl up; other fillings from 50c; bad !y de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit- Xrom
tt 10 up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set or teeth on a rubber plate, |f>; a
full set of teeth on a sold plate. $2.',; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridg-e work our
specialty : see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and atroneer than rubber,, warrantnl for. 20
years; fillings. tO«: crowns, $3 50: all work
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood hid*., you can
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
tt SO up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and nils teeth painlessly by his won-
u»rful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges. J4;
rubber or flexible plat's. *3: received 8 Hrst
prizes; no students; guaranteel 12 years.
DR. U'DLUH HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
Fp-clalty: all work reasonable; eras given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full eet of teeth, %i; crowns, J3; nillngs, 23c.
DR. C H. CUMMINOS, 233 Valencia; ¦ dental
work reas.: painless extraction: hours 9 to 6.
VAN VltOOM— "rainless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. ICOI Market et.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S..R: work : warranted 10
year*. X. Y. Dentists. »C 9 AHfeSlon. cor. 6th.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR- 11. O.
TOir^-Q, 1541 Polk st-
torg; open evenings and Sunday?. 850 Market.
DOG" HOSPITAL.
dr, buzard'S Dos Hospital. Post. Fillmore-
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits 11 60; all
•nimalo treated; ucjjs boarded, • = Tel. Weat «S«.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. , S. , F.—
Practical courses : In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy. 'English
branches, civil, electrical and mlnlnt engln-
eerlng. etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming
for youne men, young ladies and boys; superb
Kymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
rait water and swimming tank. T. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure od
exercise depend." '. ... ¦
BOOKKEEPINO-Nelther • time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year trot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writ-
Ing, etc.; day or night; $5 month. • 1024 Mis-
sion St., near Sixth.
ESPINA. Penman: business wrltlnir a spe-
cialty; English. Spanish. 337 Phelan bldg.
LAW schools. 827 Market. S. F., and 806 Broad,
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching; day, evening. Ban
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merki, success-
ful teacher. }OOS Mission; best methods.resnlts.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFillppe's Acad-
emy of language3.32QPoBt;eBt.lB7l;ableBt profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 406 Geary, r. 47.
ATRES 1 Business College, in Market st.; »f«
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish: J2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 804 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and ChineBe~employment office^
No SO Geary et.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post Bt.. near Powell. OEO.
AOICI. 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 13S.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 13S1.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
best help. UW, O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOY3IE.VT WASTED — FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN cook desires a situation; best
of references. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 318
Sutter st. . "
SCANDINAVIAN parlormaid and waitress,
also a Swedish second girl, desire situations;
best of city references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st. ' ¦ ;
CAPABLE woman with a child desires situa-
tion: good cook and houseworker; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 gutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ¦
FRENCH young woman wishes situation; good
cook and houseworker; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. '
A SWEDISH houseglrl: good cook; best refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st,
ELDERLY woman, experienced and independ-
ent cook, only German speaking, wishes posi-
tion as cook In good house or Institution; city
or country; prefer German epeaking; Is good
bread and butter maker. GSS Seventh St.. Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper wants work; ex-
perienced In all kinds of housework; by day,
week or month; sleep at home; Jl and car-
fare. Address or call at The Eagle, 78 Third
st., room 6.
PROTESTANT woman, middle aged. . plain
cook, eood laundress, wishes work In small
family; references; -wages $10 to $12. Apply
G. H., 974 Folsom st., near Sixth.
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes any
kind of light housework by the day; good
cook; will work reasonable. M. C, box 2577,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady desires house-
keeper's position in small family; good cook;
city preferred. Call at £30 Golden Gate aye.,
corner of Van Nes3, room 39.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do house-
work; wages $25. Call at Swedish pastor's
residence. 1029 Minna gt. '
GERMAN woman would like washing and
housecleaning by the day. 6WV4 Natoma et.
WANTED — Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at IEO Fourth st., room 7. ¦
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to wait
at table In hotel or boarding-house; flrst-
clas3 references. Address box 3520. Call.
GERMAN lady cook in private family. Apply
for three days at 162 Jessie, st.
YOUNG woman with little Kirl wants a situa-
tion on ranch. App,Jy at 203 Turk St., down-
Etalrs.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation; private
family or boarding-house; first-class refer-
ences. • Box 3524, Call office.
COMPETENT woman for light housework and
plain cooking. Please call at 2905 Pine st.
GIRL would like to assist in housework or
chamberwork; best of references. Apply at
49 Minna Bt., in rear.
"WOMAN wants work by tne day; good laun-
dress; $1 per day and car fare; no postals
answered. 649 Minna St., bet. 6th and 7th.
GOOD dressmaker wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day: Is a good fitter and trim-
mer. Apply 205 Fourth et., room 32.
GERMAN woman wants a place to do wash-
Ing; Jl day and carfare; good references.
Address box 24. Call branch. 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG GerVnan woman with a child would
like a situation as housekeeper in Oakland.
Apply 138 Hayes st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes position; city or
country. Call 624 Chestnut St.. between Tay-
lor and Mason.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half-days at washing or housework; terms 60
cents. AddrcHS box 13C8, Call offlce. "
COMPETENT woman, good cook, wants a sit-
uation in American family; will do email
• wash. Address. Cook. £22 Linden St.. Oakland.
YOUNG lady would like aVfew hours' work
a day. Apply DOS** Howard st.
AN elderly German lady seeks employment as
seamstress, either at home or in families.
10 Colllnzwood st.
GERMAN girl wants a position as cook and
g<?n»ral housework: wares $25. Address 2
lay St., on" Clay, bet. ¦ Powell and Mason.
IIIDDLE-ACED reliable Protestant woman
wishes position in American family; small
washing; city or country. 1530 California, st.
WOMAN wishes work. by the day washing or
lronlnt. E2O Stockton st., corner of Pine.
EXPERIENCED German plrl would like to go
to Europe; Germany preferred; care • lor in-
valid or children; best references. • A. 8..
2705, Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE younjf Swedish woman with a child
wishes a position; city or country; housekeep-
ing: references. Call at 713VJ Bush st.
. 1 , _
RESPECTABLE youns drl wishes a situation
as nurse tfrl. Pleaae caJI 37Vi Natoma. St.,
between First and Second.
WANTED— Engagements by a hair specialist
to treat persons at their homes for falling
hair, dandruff, gray hair and eczema; bent ot
references and all work guaranteed. Box £94.
Call office.
GOOD 'washer wishes flannels or plain family
washing. Apply. 105 Prospect place,, off Sac-
ramento Bt.. near Powell.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies in confinement. MKS. WOI*.
TKR. 132 ElXtll Bt.
I WOULD like "to find some kindly person to
arslst me through my journey in life: city or
• country. Address box 2726. CaJl. Oakland..
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to fl 50 night; |1 60 to $8
week : convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of lice, 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRAXCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia st. . ¦
A BHANCII office for Call advertisements and
FUbscripMons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twent y-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p.m." I ',-
EMFIiOYMBVr WANTED — MAIiB,
COMPETENT man wishes situation; a good
baker, also fine cook; In Italian or French
restaurant; city or country. Address box
2519. Call. •
GENERAL blacKemlth and horseshoer wants
steady Job: best references. • Address J. G..
1056 Twenty-flrth aye., East Oakland.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, understands any
style of cooklnrr. wants situation In private
family. Apply i'AMA. 923 Sacramento st.
STRONG young man wants to leafn plumbing:.
.Address I-«orJ a postofnee, Alameda County. -
BY a younfc man as gartlf-nfr and horseman la
or near city. Box 3522, Call.
STRONG youns man wants to learn plumbing.
Address box &79.: Call office. ' . .
SITUATION wanted by young mwi tt house-
clennine or any other kind ¦of - work by /the
Cay; best city reference. Box 351%' Call.
HELP WANTED— MALE,
INDUSTRlOUS^^candTnavian gardener : under-
stands care of i horses, • bunnies, : cows. Teg*-
tables. lawn! flowers; In private family: very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 35SL Call offlce.
GOOD boy wants a position as errand or bell-
boy. Address 1011 Minna st.
YOUNG man would like to take lessons on half
dying, manicuring and bleaching; will pay
for game. Address box 3515. Call offlce.
RELIABLE married man would like to take
full charge of roomlnjr-house or private place.
Address J. DAVIS. 223 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by married man; work of
, any ltlnd; porter preferred. Address P. Z.,
box 7613, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaJl branch offlce, 2200 FUlmorc B t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. «
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken.
tucky Bts.; open until 9 p. m.
r~BXPE3RT~OPTI«CrANS.
GEO. MATERLE, German expert optician,
1071*^ Market st. : examination fre«: German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667~Market st.
J428 Geary; 8 r.....»18 IBIOA Jonea:' B r...51« CO
1014 Treat avc.; T r. 17U819 Green; .« r.... Vt 60
HARRIET, 270, near Sixth, off Bryant— Sunny
flat of 4 rooms; yard; $10. •
IF you want to move set printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. 1861— New flat of 3 rooms; sua:
yard; rent jU 60.
110— FLAT of 4 rooms. Sl5 Thirteenth st.
US— ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms: bath;
toilet; 2 beds; gas and coal stoves. 1917 Geary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pares, sent to any address In tho
United Stntes or Canada one year for 11.
portage paid. •
FLATS TO LET— FURXISHED.
2 NEW fiats to let: 17th st. and Clara aye.: 1
block from cars; lIS per month; Inspect them
to-day; agent on premises. '
LEAVENWORTH, 811— Furnished flati 8
rooms; $16. .•
FURNITURE FOR SALES.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedstead?, all sizes. Jl 90:
heavy matttne. 10c per yard: 80x60 inch rugs,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-131J Stockton
¦t.. n»nr Proadwiw; open evening.
FURNITURE IVAXTED.
CIIAS. LEVY buys your furniture: carpets,
piano. 1135 Market ot. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 77S Mission St.. pays
tho highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY- (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 MlsBlon; tel. Red. 3351.
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 5 or
t rooms. Box 2632. Call.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
WANTED — Collectors and solicitors; cash ad-
vances made to the right parties; call between
8 and 9 o f clock mornings, Thursday evening
between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 300 Post St.. cor-
ner Stockton.
WANTED— High-class salesman for line calen-
dars, fans, campaign novelties; handsomest,
most complete line on market; liberal con-
tract. KERN CO., Adv. dept.. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money in this: Investigate.
CLARK. 761 Nineteenth gt., Oakland.
AGENTS In each county on coast; permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
LADY agents to sell rapid selling household ar-
ticle. 123 California, r. 20, bet. 4 and 6 p. m.
FREE samples; good pay to good workers. Call
10 to 3. 763 Market st., room 9.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO..PHOXE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress. $25; 6 waitresses. South and
city and country; 2 chambermaids, $201 2
chambermaids to wait. $20; working house-
keeper, small hotel, $17 60; chambermatd by
the day. $20 per month.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman for plain cooking in country, no
housework, fare paid, $20; nurse girl. Ger-
man. $20, references; Swedish housekeeper,
Berkeley, $20: cook. $23, country; 23 house
girls, and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
A — 3 COOKS, $35 and $38: housework, Oakland
525, Alameda $23, Berkeley $25, San Mateo
$23: 10 second girls. $25 and $20; governess.
Alameda, $25; infant's nurse, $25; 4 nurses,
city $20. $15. $10; hotel waitresses. $25, $20,
country; also hotel chambermaids and wait-
resses city $20 and $13; German nurse, insti-
tution, country, .$2O; young girl, assist, 1
child. $10 to $15: 2 young girls, same place, as
second work and assist in general, $13 and $12
per month. MISS CULLEN. 525 Sutter st.
YOUXG eirl as companion and assist In light
housework; $13 a month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— French nurse, $25, short distance;
French second girls. $20. $25. city and country;
3 second Kirls, $ZO, $25; German or Scandina-
vian cook, $35, no wash: cook. $25. across the
bay; houseglrls, Alameda, $25; Berkeley, $25;
Santa Rosa. $25: Belvedere. $25: Sausallto.
125; San Mateo, *>20; Fresno, $18; 4 restaurant
waitresses, IS, $6 a week; restaurant cook, J7
a week; BO housegirls. $20, $25, city and coun-
try, hotel waitress, 120, country. J. F. CRO-
SKTT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A — Second girl, city. $20. llcht work; second
frlrl, Oakland, $20, 2 In family; cook, Oakland.
$23; 4 cooks, city. $25 and $30: house girl.
Fmall family, $25. MRS. NORTON, 3X3 Sut-
ter. St. . ¦
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gongh
and Grove sts.
RESPECTABLE amiable girl, light housework,
2 In family: no washlne: cook with cas; ref.
from last place. : 2922 Bush st., 4 to 6 p. m.
WANTED — An experienced buttonhole Hand on
custom coats; an. operator wanted, also. 723
Market st.. room 29.
WANTED-Glrl for central housework: Ger-
man or Swedish preferred. ¦ Call at 997 Mo-
AUlster st. ¦•¦¦¦«
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evenlne at 6 o'clock.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats and. but-
YOUNG clrl for general housework at 1018
Geary st.
WANTED— GirI for housework and plain cook-
ing; $12 a month. 124 A Eleventh st.
NEAT young girl Tor novelty store. 613 Kearny
street.
•WANTED— A neat girl for 'light housework;
family of 3: wages $12. Call at 1219 Hayes st.
GIRL for housework In small family; wages
HO. 419"-i Eleventh st.
GERMAN nurse^lrl for grown children; wages
$15. Apply i»t) Broderlcfc st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress oa . pants. 272 Btev-
ehgon.st., first floor.
GIRL about 15 to- assist with light housework.
Apply 328 Eddy st. -
LADY to wash napkins In coffee house: wages
f2O. 517 Montgomery st.
MAKERS wanted. 1323 Stockton st... New York
Millinery.
FINISHER •on pants; steady worlt and siood
wages. 102-106 Battery Bt.
WANTED — Fint-class pants finishers; good
pay; steady work. 411% Kenrny Bt. .
FIRST-CLASS helper on: coats. THOitAS E.
v KENT. 121 Post st.. third floor.'. ¦ . .*T
WHITE shirt operators wanted at 8614 Fremont
¦' st- ; elevator.
WANTED — First-class waist trimmer: state
: salary and reference. Apply box 3513, Call.
NEAT eirl for German and American cooking;
references; wages $25. * 11SQ O'Farrell st. '
GERMAN or American girl to do second work,
wait at table and do sewing. Apply 926
Grove st., bet. 10 and 3. .
GIRL wanted to take care of ¦ two little chil-
dren I must Bleep at home. Call 2325 Twenty-
fourth st.. near Bryant. ¦ -
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
GIRL ' for llgrht housework ; sleep horn*. 1123
Stelner.st.
WANTED— Nurseglrl between 20 and SO years
¦of age; reference. 14afl Page tt.
ABOUT 150 more sewinf machine operators will
find cood paying work in Levl Strauss A Co.'v
overall factory, 32ft Fremont ot. MR. , DA-
- VIS. Supt. . ¦ • ¦-
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
,', Factory., 26ii Fremont it; elevator.
, HELP WANTED-IFBUALB.
KADIKS" cloaks, suits." SI per week. Eastern
OutfUtlns Co., 130 C Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH, office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has. been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.- •
HEIL.P WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0 . .. .T.7rr.7lb4~Geai7^itl
60 railroad teamsters, scraper-holders, loaders
and dumpers for the Coast road. Santa Bar-
bara County; free fare.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French or Swiss fry cook, country hotel, $50
and fare; cook, restaurant in Nevada. $50:
6econd cook and baker, $50; polisher, country
laundty, 150; polisher and starcher, $30; pan-
try boy., $12.
MISCELLANEOUS
6 single hand quartz miners, $3 BO a day; ranch
teamster. Marln County. $26 and board: 2
farmers,- Sonoma County, $17 60; man," handy
with tools, for an institution, country, $25:
stableman, country, $25; woodchoppers and
others. C. R. Haneen & CO.. 104 Geary «t.
FIRST-CLASS hotel porter; 2 neat bellboys.
with references, *15 to $20. C. R- HANSON &
CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading- Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
45 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, milkers,
butter-makers, choremen and boys
- $30, $26. $20 and found
12 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs
.* $2S and found
American milker, private place.. s2s and found
Man and wife for ranch; no children
.' $30 and found
Milk waetm driver, city Job $25 and found
Blacksmith helpers.... Gardeners and chore-.
men. private residences. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
10 COAL miners $3 to $3 60 day
6 gold miners, 3 hard rock miners $75
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
S<s WOODCIIOPPERS, tiemakers, shingle and
box bolt makers, picket and post makers, for
all parts of California, $2 60, ?2, $1 60. Jl, 730
cord, 12c. lie. 10c each. $4 50 per 1000. .2*y4c
each on many Jobs; tools and food furnished.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
6 COOKS 6 waiters 2 butchers
Toune men for grocery stores and saloons;
washer, hand laundry: baker, country shop,
and others. MURRAY & READY, 634-K8
Clay st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel;
night steward, $10 week; dishwasher, $30;
waiters and others. J. P. CROBETT & CO..
€28 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Driver 'for milk wagx>n; 2 milkers,
$20; choreman for ranch. $20; 2 single hand
miners. $2 SO day; blacksmith. $2 50 day;
blacksmith's helper. $1 SO to $2 day; 3 wood-
choppers, $1 75 cord, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. ' •
WANTED
Blacksmith's helper for ranch, good steady
Job. $30 per month and board.: buggy washer
and harness cleaner for country stable near
city. $35 and board: man for chicken ranch.
$30 per month; farm hands and milkers, also
woodehoppers and tiemakers, different coun-
ties; waiter, country hotel $25 to $30, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS* Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BOY to drive with physician, attend office and
make himself eenerally useful: wages $3 per
week, breakfast and lunch. Address, statin*
axe, box 3525, Call office.
GOOD honest boy to drive bakery wagon and
helD In business. Address J. O. BUSS. Mill
Valley. ¦ j >•';-
INSURANCE— Smart man to canvass and col-
lect: jrood opening. W. BROWN, 611 Mont-
gomery St., 9 to 11... .
WANTED— To meet an . expert baiter who has
an hour's spare time each day that he would
like to turn to advantage. Box 3526, Call.
CO TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
FEEDER for Job printing press. PERNAU
BROS.. 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Third hand cook; $30. 11l Larkln
street^ ¦ ¦
BAKER on cakes; fourth hand; ready to worlt.
* IPS Ninth st. ¦¦_. '___
ERRAND boy; $2 per week. 103 Montgomery
street.
BARBER for Wednesday and Saturday; $5. 407
Bush st.
'WANTED— 2 waiters at the Golden "West Ho-
tel. SS-76 Ellis st.
TAILOR on custom coats. 14 Harriet st.
FIRST-CLASS drycleaner. and pfesser wanted
at 1623 Mission St., J. F. SNOW & CO.
GOOD oysterman wanted: good wages. Apply
after 12 o'clock at 126 Third st.
WANTED — Barber; young man; steady worlt.
3504 Seventeenth at.
RELIABLE man wanted to collect subscrip-
tions. Box 3521. Call office.
WANTED — Boys between 8 and 10 years for
vaudeville stage. ARCHIE LEVY, 6 Eddy st.
WANTED — A young man In grocery store; Ger-
man preferred. 2100 Larkln St., cor. Vallejo.
WANTED — Klrst-class cook. 29 Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber chop: steady
place. . 1715 Market st.
WANTED — An engineer to run mine hoist;
must be competent, sober and careful: also
1 blacksmith: must be a (rood tool sharpener
and reasonably quick; steady work. Call on
or address Montreal . and Oregon Gold Mines.
Ltd., Ashland, Oregon.
WANTED— Shoemaker to^ do repairing. 238
Third st.
FOR sale— 15c barber chop; cheap; good rea-
sons. Cor. Sixteenth and Market sts.
TWO tailors wanted at 5820 Greenwich st:
military worlt.
SOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In S weeks;
day and evenlnrr classes: special inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdressln^
trades. MOLKR'3 BARBER COLLEGE, 635
(-lav st. Branches — San Francisco. New York.
Bt. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
MOST liberal proposition win be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 9*7 Market st..
room 622.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St., third floor, room 4.
SEAMEN. blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships a; HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
¦WANTKI} — -Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno^ House proprietor, still
rooms; 25c per night; Jl to ? 2 per "week. •
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neyg. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200. SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and ?5o
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15e breakfast.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ornce, 2220 Fillmore st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef, 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : or>en till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of, adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened.
Nt 1223 Polk Bt.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
m nscrl pltons hss tit? on os* t«il.>l lsh^*l a.t, 109€ \"a—
lencia st. , .
HORSES, L.IVE STOCK, Etc; For Sole
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
f csrt"i. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
*27 Sixth st.; auction saJe« evet-v Wednesday.
SULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctloneara.
&0 HEAD fins draught and driving liorses at
IS2I and 1625 Market St.. bit. Twelfth and
Brady; also rorae ¦ fine matched black, teams.
FOR eale — Gentleman's road horse and blk»
buggy. DALKIEL. Vet. Dentist. 805 0. G. aT.
HOUSBS-^LODGIJIG— -To Let.
20-ROOM hotel or lodglne-house to let: fur-
nished new throughout ; on . 2Gth St.. 100 feet
east of Mission; {65 per month: open for In-
•¦ spection to-day ; agent on premises*..
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,-
16 paces, In wrapper, for mJilllnjr.'Jl per year.-
HOUSES— LODGLSG— FOR SALE.
A FEW "oFdECKER'S BAROAINS.
52 rooms; nne corner; cleara iw>...... v*m
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $12a »™
11-room house on Bush st Tfi
7-room house: 0n1y... *¦"
83 rooms; rent J4O , "J^
24 rooms; easy payments ••••• |^J
5-room flat: new • *>"
32 rooms; corner; only **™
10 rooms; on Q'Farrell st »r*
10 rooms; on Taylor st.; worth $soo **j
32 rooms: corner; cleara $150 ipUJJ
10-room flat; clears 1150 £™
Corner on Market: clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4SCO
Near Call offlce; worth JilOOO; 29 rooms 1200
Mod. house; elev.: clears $500; S4 rooms — wOO
TKIIEPHOXB JOHN 51. ' ¦ ¦ .
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. OPP. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 MARKET ST.
J500— 13 rooms. Ellis. $3oOO— Corner near Or-
JISOO— 37 rooms, near pheum.
Tivoll.' " $1250— 2 i rooms, north
*PsoO— Sutter, CO rooms, side.
$SoO— Geary. 12 rooms. ' -
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
ROOMING houses all sizes, prices and loca-
tion* and business chances of all kinds In the
city and throughout the country: cheap. Pa-
elflc States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
BIG bargain; 12-room house; fine central loca-
tion; low rent; paying- fine: snap. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bullflraj.
21-R HOUSE, well furnished, Ellis St., $1500;
J3-r. house, board and lodging. Oeary st.
$2000; n-r. house a paying place. $S00: money
at m per cent. German-American. 34 Kearny.
R. H. r . 1028 Market st.
24 rooms; rent $5; near Market »»00
87 rooms; rent $40; only WOO
105 rooms; corner; clears 1200; reduced.... slsoo
10 ROOMS, very cheap, low rent, clears $35: S4
rooms. $2300, clears J3OO a month. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market st.. nr. Call bldg.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodglns houses set
BASIL.E, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
HOUSE* of IS rooms, north of Market; bargain
If sold to-day; sickness cause ot sale. Box
2574. Call otflce.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second St.; no agents.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO:. 14 Montgomery.
XL.L.IS. 1454. near Buchanan — Six rooms and
bath; sunny; rent S2l. ASHTON* & GARDI-
NER. ' 411 Montsomery st. ,
HAVES, southwest corner Devlsadero — S rooms
and bath; modern improvements; reasonable.
$12— HOUSE of 5 rooms. S2SS Twenty-second
st.. near Valencia.
2-STORY bul'dlnsr or a largd spacious store
and basement; suitable for any business; 1427
Park st. Inquire Alameda Land Co.. Park
St.- and Santa Clara aye.
WANTED — Good tenant for new 4S-room house.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market gt.
LOST AXD FOUND.
it REWARD— Badge. Market-st IL R. Co. No.
91. Please return to S3 Oak st. ; no use to any
one but the owner.
LOST— A purse containing Jewelry and money;
finder rewarded. Return to 1317 Mission et.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savins*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In tha
name of ROBERT HEASMAN. No. 155-376.
The finder will Dlease return to bank.
. MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. KQHL. thTonly reliable ladlea'
physicians and specialists of long and suc-
cessful practice; private home for patients be-
fore %nd durins confinement; best of care;
guaranteed treatment at office, J3; safe and
reliable; consultation free. 1122 Market st..
between Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS, GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Xess. returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years* successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. ICOT'i Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, tho world-renowned
ladies* specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call ar 1023H Market st.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. »42
Post St., between Hyde and Larkin.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market; ladl-s'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, i-X
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladies' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; safa
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to s.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st, the eminent
femalo specialist; -home or offlce treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies* zpeclailat. 111S Market
et.; every case guaranteed; |5 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— PrIvata home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS KOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; r.ew and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-10M-102M023 Mission
et.. above Sixth.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th*
Walti Fafe Co.. 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21G Spear st,
EDISON concert phonocraph. price reduced to
$100; concert records. 12 60. BACIOALUPI.
?33 Market st.. San Francisco.
ATTENTION! Cape Nome Miners— Mexican
Jerked beef. DR. STEARNS. 48 Chronicle big.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelvtnf. mirrors.
bought, told and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st. near 15th.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale|ail-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and flre and bur-
glar proof sr*fe. 6 California et.
X — »3 50 JjKBBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. J»oi>-
ular Price "flatters, 330 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
DR. CBEELY'S C. P. manjee cure; by all Jrug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Qata aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and lmatcher; I
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 2zO Fremont.
DKESS pants. $2 75: fine suit »10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 51S Montsomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill pressM. planers.lathes.
Iron & wood; Ztf-hand. J. BURKE, 130 Beale.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines bought
and told. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market si
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. SUTflisslon.
SAFER— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento nt.
MISCELLA>*EOt'S WANTS.
WASTED — 1000 feet second-hand IH. 2 or 2H
Inch Iron pipe for water purposes. Address
box 3554. Call offlce. ¦¦
SECOND-HAND stereoptleon. lantern slidss
and outfit; must be bargain. Box KB2. Call.
AMATEUR musicians to join select orchestra.
82S Bush St., third floor, room 4.
SCRAP iron and machinery bought. San Fran.
ctsco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
MOXEY. TO LOAN. ~ "
HIGHLY rMpecfabie private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jowel.-y at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, Hi Market
Bt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY proportion, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
second -mortera.se>. estates in probate, lnter-st
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential: advica < free. O. K.
OLEEX, room 15, first floor, Chronicle bldj.
AVOID delay; try all ottaen, then see me; *50
•to JIOO.WO; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort.
estate's, legacies and mortgages bcujrhf, advlca
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mart*
eases, undivided interest, real estate In pr»-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: e*t my terms before doins business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old Kolrt. silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on (urnlture.anil
pianos; no removal; low rates; confldentiaL
BON'ELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
OX REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
lowesVrates. WcKER ITcoTft Montgomery.*
AT 116 Kearny st., room 3, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowajt
rates; taKe elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal? Quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
' £8 and £9. Donohoo building. 1170 Market st.
MONEY to loan en real estate, notos. checks.
pianos ana all kinds of personal property.
DEWING. 75 Chronicle building.
MONET ; loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. 421
California st.
AUSTIX'S Salary Loan Co.. *3S Parrott build*
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT \hi per cent per month, on furniture. 1903
Polk it.. OTTO MAX.'
MOXEY TO LO.V.f ,
VOVET to loan on real estate, notes, eJ^ks
Planes and all kinds of Personal property.
Address Confidential, bo* T!Z9. Call ofa ce .
LOANS to salaried people, TOCSLET, CO Par-
rott bnlldlßg- :
CA«H loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner hnlHln^
tsa to 130 0)0; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs..
anV^prbpoWltlon. DRTDEN. 413 Montgomery)
r>NT rnraiture pianos, without removal; no
roiSsTo?: Private. LICK. ll« MeAin,,^
>v vmir rjroDerty is mortjrased and you need
H. MURPHY. CO Market ,?
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorsw;
other "rVpositions; private rooms &n Kran-
cisco Discount Agency. 1« Fhelan building
MUSICAL lASTRU3IEXTS.
acaiV we remind you that you should cur.
chase y^ur medium and loxr priced plane,
when th-y can be exchanged for a Stein war
within three^years and hava full purchaj*
pVlce allowed. We are selling- new uprlsht
pTarfosfor *i Tper month, and ™** *«*&*>*
for 13. W and X per month.. SHERMAN,
CLAT &^CO Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and SuttefTts.. San Francisco.; corner Tbir-
tgenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and temtthoiW
west of Chlcaro Is KOHLER & CHASER
2< 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, orrans and
all other musical Instruments of all *rr»«s»
and prices: terms ea*y: prices lowest, ej«»7'
thins possiblo done to please and satisfy the
customer. _^________
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell »t.
WE have some very fine bargains to offer you
to-day; cash or payments. MAUVAJS . 783
Market st.
DECKER & SON. Packard & Booth* Bros., ar»
the names to remember when s«lectln« %
piano. Full Una at Mauvate'. 789 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other staadarj
ptanoa: prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 32i Post st.
60 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grad*
pianos; special disccunts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Flano Mfg. Co.. 13S EUls st.
BELT, for storas* — 2 uprlffhts. $73: ¦very fln«
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; . $123;
call evenings. 1319 Powell st.
W G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. a*tnt tot
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianoa. .
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooma. 1813 Market st.
FINE Fischer * Steinway uprlsht; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 van Mess aye.. nr. Oeary st.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new;' eh«a».
HORXTJXG'S. ng McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMIT7* It
McAllister st.. next Hlbernta Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 8 Latham place.
OFFICES A>D STORES— TO liBT.
223 Devlsadero; 3 r..520 723 Montsomery aTe.»C»
831 Howard: 4 r IS 441 Oak: 2 r X
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 957 Marfcet st.
FIXE store and 4 rooms for barber and family
on B st.. San Rafael: rent 112. Apply to J.
CORTI. P. O. box 192. San Rafael.
VNION-SQUARB traildlngr. Opposite City o*
Parts. Stockton and Geary st*,— Elexant n«w
offlces and stores.
STORE S rooms to let. NTT. cor. Union aad
Leavenworth sts.. nr. tha Union- st. carhouse.
•»*»— STORE; Z «how windows and f> lars* rooms;
• daDted to sny business. 41? Sixth st.
PAJLMISTHY.
MME. Keergaard. Pres. St. Germain Colics^ ot
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. C 8 Geary, nr. Jonea.
PARTNERS TVA-XTED.
ACTIVE and honest man with tJCO— S4OO wanted
as partner for a small factory (household artl-
cles); large profits: cash. Box 3317. Call office.
PERSONALS.
WANTED- Address "of MRS. ALLEN " McDON-
ALD, widow. Address box 2SS9. Call otflce.
BARBER wants wife. 23 years of age. to ltv%
In mining camp. Address FostoQce box
73.800. Phoenix. Art*.
BELLE— OUDRX
IS NOT A UAt>T.
ANTT lady calling on February 15 to our cloak
and suit department will receive a souvenir
spoon of th- battleship Maine: worth while to
come. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1308 Stockton
st.. near Broadway. _^
ALASKA fur grarmonta. hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEIXEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
PHTSICAI. culture: nmn»» . a3ven to ladles
at their homes. Mrs. Wagner. 1013H Larkin.
A FINE suit to order JlO 73 or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows Us to se!t
cheaper than ready made. I* LEMOS.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring; Co.; 833 Kearny. near Sacto:
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights la every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Isc to Jl 60 per night; Jl 10 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
LEADINO theatrical and masquerada eos-
tumers; make-up and wljjs; country orders »o-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 35? Jessie st.
JAPANESE Housecleantng Co.. 707 Devisadero
St., near Grove. S. KINO.
IF you wish full value for your cast -off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. black 4123.
COLEMAJT buys clothing-, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 808 Keirny.
HIRSUTINE CO., balr specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. • Eddy st.
WANTED— OId rold for mannf*. O. NOLTB.
- Jeweler. Z43 CKarrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
ETAMMEBINO corrected: booklet. J. WHITB-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. Ul5 Linden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In toot, etuy to
work; low price: sample dozen 4x3 aad dstel
oper mailed Isc. Cal. Camera Co., X 2 Qe«ry.
rnysiciA^s aSd~surgeoxs,
________
*T.T. NERVOUS DISSASE3:
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
ECROKLLA, ECZEMA: SKIN DISEA3SS,
CONSUMPTION;
OLD BTASDING CHRONIC TJISSASSaL
Cured where all other have failed,
NO DRUGS! NO KNIPEt
DliTfrent from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fM«.
DR. I*. J. STRATTON, 607. 508 and 6CS, Fax*
rott building. (Over tha Emporium.)
DR C. C O'DONNELL-Offlce and residenc*.
1021*4 Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
-U. - - - T. ¦ ..¦¦¦.,¦¦,¦¦ I ». -
A. M. SPECK &. CO..
C 67 Market St.. opp. Kearny.
$80 Mo-Grand corner: 75 ft front: h bloc'x
from Market et., not tar from Sixth; rents noo.
J7iCCO-Grand cor.. SO tt.. within block of
Baldwin: positively the cheapest property
(downtown) In the city. «___«
$55,000— Rare Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-story brick building; stores and lodg-
lne-house above: S6 feet front. ¦
|45,00O — Corner; rents »4<x>; modern improve-
ments; lot 80x125 ft.
fie 500 — Near Eddy ana Jon«; 'tore aad 2«
rooms above: modern: pars 7 per cent net.
»»4 OOO— Sixth St.: 75 feet front: rent. tZ4O»
yfariy; good building; 4 storea.
552 500— Third st.. about S2S feet from Market:
gtor? and lodglnd-house; terms, H caaa.
MS.SOO— Mission st.. near Third; best barcala
""il^ooft-^Grand Investment: renti 1130.
Ji:'6co— SE. cor. Mason and Washington; «2:S
xS2:«: make offer.
$10,000—3 modern flats: Eddy «t- : rests tiooo
rer annum; all rented.
$T6ii>— Six *ood liats: rents $340 yearly: down.
town; >ot 60 feet front.
tt>ooo-Post ft: 3 eood flats: rents tti: lot
'$^f'(X>~Corner lot near Union Iron Worki: ica
xIOO- flue business atte.
jC2SO-Cor. store and I room flat; rent* J37j
foreclosure.
JlTS')— two nice flats; rents *>;s ».
j::o— S rooms and lot 45x7: ft.
A. M. SPECK & Co. , 667 Market St.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. " *
«S7 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Santa. Ke ferry site:
SW. corner Folsom and Beale sts.; lot SJ;IX
1ST: 8. with Improvements.
JISCO-BAROAIX: large IH-story. high stooo.
bay-window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate-glass double doors: handsomely
case ee and 6^-foot newel* post; parlor llxn"
wainscoted dlnlns-room 13x14: s'ttins-roorri
• B'?xH; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 12 feet hiiih: ventilators; plaster cor-
nices; pantry, glass closet, etc.; I bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs: 7- foot hijeh cellar un-
der all, with douWcdoor entrance unfler bay*
lot 23x120. with a rustic stable lOxio a t end*
magnificent view; all for I130O; no agents J*
W. NEWTO.V. ISO 12th avc. near K \t. 3unl
set district. 3 blocks from Golden -.Gate PmrK.
MODERN nats— STSOO: containing S and S rooms
each; highly Uccoratetl and finished With all
modern conveniences; «31 Waller st on*
biocn from Hai=ht and Fierce: easy terms
F. NELSOX. Builder. ' 8y l " m3>
IF you have lots In Richmond district north ct
10
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.DIED.
Ahlln. Ernes; Grlmley, Tnoma* F.
Anderson. Walter H. JCaley. Mary
Angell, Tburman F. Helm, I'eter
Armstrong. Lucy Hocan. Michael
B«llincrer, Mary A. Hopps, Junes ir.
Bose. Mary E. Johnson. Thomas E.
Burke. James C l^tipky. lice
Callahan. William H. Lawler, Faullne A.
Connolly. Marnret McNeil. Rodrick
Daly, Cornelius Mattson, Guss
Davis. Emma C. Nielsen. Jacob O.
Day, I^oulee Peckham, Elizabeth
r>unsmuir. Alexander Rayler, John
farry, Jorin J. Schrxabel. Clemens
Feutren. Man* F. Scott. Robert C.
FlKbpr. Susie E. Smith. Charles H.
Fltzpatrtck Margaret Smith, Mary
Foy. John J. Welsserber. Marcaret
Gllmore, Mlcbael
AHLIN — In this city, February 12. 1900. Ernest
Ahlln. dMrly beloved and only son of Albert
UifdurT'Ruble and' Mabel Ahlln? a native or
San Kr«nfl«co. aced 4 months and 23 days.
CTTricnds and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• ¦\Ye<sr.£oaay). at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 10S Juniper etreet. between
Harrison and Bryant. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ANDERSON — In 6aj» I»s.blo. February 11. 1900.
Walter IL. beloved son of Jeante Anderson,
and brother of Wllliaxn 11. Anderson, a. n«-
tive cf San Francisco, a red 13 years 8 months
GTFrienui and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(WPdnrsilay), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted" & Co.. 94t Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
AKGELL-In this city. February U. IMO. Thur-
rnan F. Ausjell, son of K. a. «nd th« ia.t«
Mamie G. Antt-11. a native of Silver City.
Nrv., acred 22 years 8 months and 1 day.
ARMSTRONO-In this city. February 12. 1900.
Ivucy Armstrong, a. native of Enelftnd, aeed
70 years.
KZ7"Trie funeral trill taJce place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o' clock, from 1617 Oourh
BELLIK'GER-In Elto. Nev., reuruwy 9, WOO,
Alary A., beloved wife of William Bellinger.
daughter of James and Margaret Rlordan ot
White River. N>v.. and nl»»ce of Catherine
CouHhlln and Hannah Jlcrxrmott, a native ot
¦White River. Key.. aeed 2S years.
BOSI3— In Eerryessa, near San Jose, February
10 1&00. Man- K. Br.se. b*-!oved daughter of
J. F. and. the lat» Ellrabeth Boee.
BCUKK— In this city. February 13. 1800, James
C. Iturke, beloved son or James and the late
Mary Ann Burke, and brother of Robert.
Geortre and Kali h Burke, a native of Saa
Francisco, aced IS years.
CAI/LAHAK-ln this city, February 12, 1900,
at the residence of his parents. 1028 Wash-
ington street. William Henry, beloved son -of
Henry and Ellen Callahan. a native of Chl-
caßO. 111., aured 29 years Z months and 1 day.
(ChicßSo papers please copy.)
EXKTlends and aciMalntanceo are respect-
lully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from Pt. Mary's Church, corner
of California and Uupont streets, wher« a
solemn requiem hlKh mass will be celebrated
for th« repose of his soul, commencing; at 10
o'clock. Interment nrlvate. Holy -Cross
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
CONNOLLY— In this city. February 12, WM,
Marraret. beloved wife of Thomas Connolly,
v. native of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged
6S years.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral thin day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ZIOA Lily avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will »>* celebrated for tbe renose of her eoul.
commencing- at »:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crons Cemetery. Plfiase omit flowera.
DAL.V— In this city, February 12. 1900, Corne-
lius Daly, beloved uncle of John. Joseph and
Katie I>aly, and brother of the late John and
Catherine Daly, a native of the parish of Mill-
street. County Cork, Ireland.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(¦Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. th«nc* to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem mass win
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
inenclnr at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PAVIS— Ia Oakland, February IS. WOO. Emma
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesdar. P"eT>rtiary I*.
Rots *tmr Dalny Vostok, 32 days rrom Ma
nlla, via. Naemsaicl 22 days.
SAILED.
Tuesday. February Is.
Br strnr Pathan. Butler, Honsiwn&, via t»
cotna. OCEAN STEAMER.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 12— Stmf Bulgarl*.
from Baltimore, for Hamburg.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
Xna.il Will DOt be lnsertetl. They must be handed
In st either of the Dubllcation offices and be
taOoreed ¦with the name and residence or per-
¦ooß authorized to have the earns published.
BOEN.
MEMIiMAXN— In tnls city, KebruarT- 10, 1900,
to the wife of Hermann Methmann. a son.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
L. and Jennie Friedlander to Charles S. John
son, lot on NW corner of Octavla street and
Rose avenue, N 60 by W 87:6; *iO.
David Mclnnon to Ellen Mclnnon, lot on vV
line of Flllmore street, 4S S of Lombard. S 24
by w S3: irlft.
Antonio Sturla to Letltla T. - Sawyer, lot on
N line of Pine street, 145:10% W ot Steiner, W
26 by N 137:6; »10. .
Agnes A. Foerster to John J. de Haven, lot
on N'W corner of Washlncto-. and r>evlsadero
streets. N 35 by W ICO; J6500.
George E. and Pauline A. Ames to James T.
Donahue, lot on E line of Broderlck street, 100
N of Sacramento, N 50:4'^ by 12 110: $10.
Henry Mahan (by P. B. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, lot on
SW corner of E«ldy and Broderlck streets. W
100 by S 137:6, 6599f1; *7«40. .
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Emma F.
Healing <w*fe of ¦ George) . lot commencing
107 :iVi S of Sacramento street and 112:6 E ot
Spruce, S2sby E 25: UO. ;
Lucy M. Pray, executrix estate- of Frank P.
Pray (by-B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hiber
nla Savings and Loan Society, lot on SE corner
of Church and Liberty streets. 8 51:6 by E 10o;
$2900. ¦ •
Argonaut Mutual Bulldlnc and Loan Associa
tion to Phillpp and Emllle Chrlstmann, lot on
S line of Ridley street, 25 W of Belcher. \\ Za
by S 110; 510.
Minnie P. Shntwell to John J. and Margaret
Hanley, lot on 5K corner of Twenty-second and
Dolores streets. S SI by E 117:6: $10.
Stephen A. and Mary I*. Born to James H.
Seymour, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth
and Castro streets, S 25 by E SO; *l<>.
Caroline L. Maynard. formerly Houston, to
Mercantile Trust Company (corporation), lot on
S line of California street. 91:3^4 E of Sansome,
E « by S 89; ?10.
Thor O. Heyderifeldt to Antonio Chlchlrola,
lot on >TE corner of Stockton and Pacific
streets, N 36:9, E 50. N 16, E 18., 62:9. W 6S; «0.
Walter S. and Hannah W. Hobart to Charles
Schlesslnper, lot on N line of Pine street, 137 ;6
W or Hyde. W 60 by N 137:6: $10.
Mary Madden, B9 administratrix or the estate
of Frank Madden, by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner, to Hibernla Savinsrs and Loan Society,
lot on northeast line of Jessie street. 359 S\V
of First. SW IS hy NE 62; juso.
Antolne and Grade Borel. by attorney, to
Henry E. Bothln. lot on irw line or Natoma
street. 75 NE of Second. NE 20 by NW 75; $10.
Hibernla Saving? and Loan Society to Henry
E. Bothln. lot on northeast line of Second
Street, 25 N"W of ICatoma, NW 60 by NE 75;
jj4 &C 0
Johii P. and Dennis J. Coakley. Mary Han
son-Coakley and Mary I. Harris to Edwani^J.
re^W^lßrannanrNW^SbViwYoiVlft "* "
Sarah A. Dennlson. by B. P. OllT«r. eom
mlssloner. to Hibernla Savlnn and lioan So
ciety lot on southeast line of Bnyd street. SO
NE of Chesley. XE 20 by SE 60; isx.
CallaKhan Estate Company (a corporation) to
Alphonzo and Emma Harrington, lot on west
line of Eleventh avenue. 27S S of H Street. S 2s
by w 1:0; $19. , ? , .
A Swanson. J. G. Klumpke and A. Ruef. by
R. I. "Whelan, Sheriff, to trfmls Kalin. lot on
north line of Lobos street. 250 E of Capitol, E
73 by N 12S; *50»-
Charles R. and Elizabeth Bowen to Johanna
RlonJan lot on -west line of Banks street and
northwest line of Cortland avenue, N 60 by
W 70. lots BSO and 552 Gift map 1: $10-
JaCOb anfl Lina Heyman to Johanna Rlordan,
lot on northwest line of Cortland avenue, 46:*
E Of FOISOm, IfE to lot 557, I* to a point
J7-6 S to beginning, lot 555. portion of Rta 651,
653 and 655, Gift map 1. quitclaim deed- *5
William C and Sarah J. Hamerton to John
ami I-Ijinnah M- Debpnham. lot on eotith^ast
SSSS fe^tß Clara H. BJanchet toD^
menlco Scacica, lot on »« '"« of h «t
street 2f5 9 of Paul avenue. S 50 by E 100. 10ti
34 and 35, Wocß 5, Garden Tract: *10.
Builders' Contracts.
The Harry Unna Company (corporation)
OWner. With Andrew -WllKle contractor arch.
tects Havens A Toepke-Cftrpenter and mill
•work hardware, Iron work. etc.. for shelvlns.
7aWe' B . office furniture and flxtnreil to £wt
up in a three-story and basement hrlck build
ing »t 115 Battery street; toUl, SioSa.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses hove been isrueu as follows.
Robert L. Beatles. 28. Kana. and Hettle
Etubenrauch, I*, city.
Georee \V. Kle'.ser. 25. €19 Devlsadftro street.
and Maude 11. OTfell, 1» Scott street.
Albert Friedlander. !9. 150 Guerrero itreet
and Eva I^ando, 29, 215 Steiner street.
Lewi* E. Chandler, 24. 4114 Bay street, and
Xtutfa« E. Turner. 24. :M', Eddy street.
Milton C. McGreevy, 24. city, and Dora Acn-
enliach. 21. DaJlas. Texas.
Manoll J. Lewis. Z5, Fleaaantoo, and aiarcts*
34. Sllveira. 19. Pleasanton.
liyir.an M. Welch, 24, city, and Edith B.
John witters, ' 49* Dutch Flat, and Sarah E.
Dv N'avent, 3s. city.
Samuel Sylvester. fS. Ufbon. Me., and F"lor-
enee R. Parr. 41. city. -
Oakley B. Ofborne, 33. city, and Helen F.
Church. 2S, city.
Thoma* O. Arthur. 85. S2JV4 Ellis street, and
May F. Braun, 25, 333 Ellis etreet.
Able Mark Kan»n. 2«. 414 Folsom street, and
£ optlla Kefhala, 2«, 414 Foleom street.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
628 MARKET ST.
"WESTERN ADDITION FX.ATS.
(5.000 — On Flllmcre rt., nr. Sacramento. 2 Sata,
_ 6 room* and bath; best business section.
?*TT>o — Rents HZ 50 per month; 2 corner flats of
£ rooms and bath; oa Steiner «L; Al
condition.
MISSION FL.ATS.
a. 5 and € rooms and bath, on How-
ced from S33SO; S <?l«*rant modern
i 6 and 7 ro<:n?£ and bath. -
104-6-8 Clara aye.. nr. 17th and
K<*t cts. Cs.il and Bee thl» bargain
SOUTH OF MARKET.
$«.Okv-One-ha!f block from n*w Postorflce: r*nts
$5:6 per ennuin: lot 25xS0 feet.
JT.EOfr— Actual Iboobm i\ll2: flat rented: 2 store*
an<J ten f.ats; lot 40x75; near Third and
Bryant Ets.
CHEAP HOMES.
J2.000 — Oi Ins's'.lr.tntf; $250 cash; Klfth aye..
near Point l^obos; pretty cottage ot 4
roorrs aaJ bath and basement.
J3.oo&— Pr«:}' modern house of '< rooms and
bath: porcelain tub*; tile mantele. etc;
ob tStb fl ' near Howard.
EASTPN. KLPRIDGE & CO.. 6^ Market st
FOR *-*>. ch*ap— New C-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest improvement* : Noe and Hill sts. ; near
Caf^ro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
J.-^O'ir.r: U2 FVltcn tt.-. fine fiats; near City
!..... -altliln two blocks.
¦Zst-7 feet; Mission *t.. near SOth: easy
trrn-.t; t:g bargain. Aprly CSt Ash aye.
UK iM- IiSTATt: CULXTK\ — For Sale
A LIST^oF^PEcTA^r^A^GAnrs-When
?ending for my CATALOGUE always etate
about what Is wanted, amount to Invest, etc.
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list
of "SNAP" bargains near what you want r.ot
1n ca.talr.pu*-. While I make a special feature
of NAPA and SONOMA County places. I'm
persor.a!!y acquainted •with over 3000 ranches
Uf sale or exchange in California— more than
any other ten ag-ent* In the State. I travel
nearly all the time. Inspecting country prop-
"n. D. FICKELS the LAND AGENT.
10 G«a.ry «t.. opp. Chronicle bulldlne, S. F.
AVERAGE Income over $1500 a year; unequaled
location and most magnificent orchard home
in the £tate; sacrifice J at $i 500; worth $10,000;
Tree oZ debt, but peculiar circumstances com-
pel sale. N. D. SICKELS— THE LAXD
AGENT, 10 Geary, cpp. Chronicle bldg, S. F.
fW-ACEE ranch; vaiue J50O0; exchange for cltr
irr.prov»d. Box SS77. Call office.
J. W. HORN, fli Ma'.n St.. PeUlumaj real ei-
?ate and thorouefcbred Belgian hare*. Send
Tor fre* v.it r.X Scrcma County bargalnc.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNLA. 1523— Eunsy room; 1 or I gentle-
men; bre&kfaet If desired; prlvat* faxnliy;
references exchanged.
FIFTH, 833 — New house, sunny connecting-
rooms: i beds; kitchen Tvith rar.ee; other rms.
FOLSOM. TSS— Houtekeeplnß. Jl up. and single
rooms, tl uo; all lleht. sunny.
TXrLSOM. is* — Sunny front room and kitchen:
e'.nX. closets, bath; no children; private; {2 50
week.
JESSIE. 478. near Sixth— S furnished rooms:
housekeeping-; p&rlor 9oor.
HARRISON, 7S1 — 4 roomi furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard, bath; rent |1«.
JTOTCAJRD. 723 — Large housekeeping room: $S.
LEAVEJTWORTH. 225 - Unfurnished front
roocu for to^iek«f;-:r:£ ; American fani'.iy;
aAulta. ¦
MARKET. 1501, cppos'.ts 10th— FurnUhed larjs
RinßT aioov* eu!t. til: comfortabl* bedroom
andfctcaaa, y.
itISSICW, 1S«1 — Ttor** furnlalied hotuselctteplns;
rooau: ruaalcg water; ttove.
PACIFIC and Maicn, S. E. cor.— J larf-«, iunn|-
roomi and bath; r*nt raaaoaabla.
EHIPLET. SO. near Elxth-4 ronny unfurnished
roociw.
» ii n » iii
THIRD, t*« — Sunny room. «omt>let* for housa-
kteplni;; per mocth.
•i-m. m .p-i'M 40 — » usar front rooms. rumlßhed
for hocMtttpinr: til
TWO rasay rocmi t» let tor housekeeping.
HCA eil-rer st.
VAN NESS aye.. <1-Furs!shea fanny roomi for
feou««ic*«pl&«'; m\mn oiher* ; very r^» wmabl*. j
A B&aJCCH oiiicm tor Cmil sdrertlsementa and
e-bfcrljr:;or:» has been e*tab:ish«d at t>i«
northwwt ccrner of Twenty-second and Kea*
Turky f.B ; op«n till 9 p. fn.
ROOMS TO LET V-arn. ud Cnfsra.
XX — BRUyawICK BOUSE, I«i Stxtli — Roomi
tte to tl per night: tl !S to 15 per week, and
Itcbt hotia*ke«E>txi«*; open all nißht.
AT EX Second — N')c« r.*w papered and reßO-
ratefl troot rooms; tl M to %z w a week.
Jk. — -THE EUfER HOTJSE."* SS4 Bush at.. aA-
jolnlrg th> Run Hotel: Ei rocma; all prlcri.
BOHEMIA, S3> Ton, cor. etocktoa— euanr cor-
iwr suit* and tins'* rooms: het and cold
vsA«r; *:<rra.tCT and ail con-renlerices.
BrRKETT, ICI Market at- <cM ICo. 1364) — Pur-
cithea nst. suite*, elajle; also unrurnijatd.
81723, K7— Small front room partly furnished,
U per gioßta: n»wly furnished front room. tlO.
CARROLLTON. 12W Martet. ccr. QolOen Gatt
a v«. — Sunr.y corner: well furn. : mi. & offices.
CASTRO. 153. cor. ltth- ThrM j
CLASSIFIED «Jvtrtle«meata and tubprrlptions
Ttctlved at Call br»ncn ctac». sat miimore.
CI.A 7, 2249 — ZThrf nn?ure!ihM sunny rooms to
rest
CO?TV"ERSE, tS, OS Bryont, near Eighth— rour
rooms to let; rent 18.
EDDT. E23-Furnls!:ea cr onTurnlsned roomi to
let la Quiet r>r!vate family: for particulars '
call toetireea 8 and 13 a. m.; no slpx. j
riflbliiyrH. ISSO. tirtirwii Mission and How- J
ard-Furntthefl rooms to let; t5. !
FOL6OM, t3t— fl » week; larje ronnr rurnlshel j
room: doirt; bath: prlx-ate; ring ii floor bell, i
roLSOM, J6E. corner Blxth (The Ollver)-Sunny ;
furnished rooms: rultea or Blr.cie: new rr.jrTTjt. I
FRANKLIN, rl (Newport Huuse) — Sanny roomn;
tJB.jr wlndowe; run. water; «t«ls; il » tt» (2 CO.
GEARY 406 /The Navarre) — Ele/rantJy furnleh-
td roeffig. tn euitc cr «mgie. mrs. h, hyer. j
XiANCOCK House. TBl Mieslon— Select famllr
Irooralßg home: tl LO to t 8 per week.
HARRISON, 7M, corner rourtb— t*rct tront
iunty suits of roomi.
Harrison, 514^-Flnely fnra. itmny rooms;
bath; latest oohtmi.; homelike: tl week up.
HOWiIRD 82S — aean. respectable; 2Sc-$l per
Inipfct; 11-TI per week; Howard cars to door.
S4IKNA, «eT, corner EMrhth — JCewljr furnished
bin- window room, tl per vetk; transient.
CFARRELL, 29— Sunny furnished rooms ana
offices : elevator: electrlo lights; day, wk.. tnO.
otarp.ell. i£2J-Sutny unfurnlshefl front
room wltto »lcov« sj>d u»« of hath.
IIOTAL House. 12« EIIU st.— lncande^«nt lleht.
TtlCS.f room, CSIOWr-I room and ladl«- par-
lor; rooms, per nlcht. SSe to II M: week. I! to
ii; month, J5 to *SO; elevator on offle* floor;
rooms «-ith hot and cold water: ba.tr a.
P.OSKDALE Hnusf. 219 & Xl EIUB it.-Rooms
night. 25c to SI: w«relt. »1 26 to 14: open night.
SHERMAN' Apartment Ilouae. 28 El«hth *L.
near Market — F^urntsbed and unfurnished.
TJJT: Oaks. :is Third — A icood roomlnif house
Icr gort pfpnlf. U. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK 142S— Eleirant furnished front room; sun
¦Jl day; for l or 2 gentlemen; private family.
VALENCIA. 722-Four furnished room* In nice
quiet family. '¦
A BRAN'CI/ ottirtf for Call advertisements and
• rahscrtptions h«a bcra eetabllshed at I0S« Va-
C l»nrla ft.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Tyro fum'rhed rooms; proua4 floor;
bath. WM. FCHMITT. New Western Hotel.
WAITED — 2 unfurnished rooms. by mother
and daughter. Adrtr^es box C 512. Call.
SPECIAL ROTICES.
nooMS papered, from 13;. whitened. $1 up:
palntlnc done riartman Paint Co., Sl» Third.
BAD tenants ejected for {4: collections made;
tity or couitry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgnaifrt *t.. roomp >-10: t^l. t£29.
SK\VI\G MACm.VES A\D SL'PPLICS.
ren'TET), repaired, bought, nold: machine sup-
pile*. Standard Apency.MS 6th; phone Mint 45.
AT.?, kinds boupht sold, exchanged, rented: re-
rjlring at Inwert rates. SOS Fourth «t.
STAULES TO LET.
BTABLE of Vrtalls and rard. 87 Chesley st..
between Pevfnth and Eighth, off Bryant.
STORAGE A3TD WAREHOUSES.
PIEHCE-RODOLPH Storace and Movlnr Co.
Olflct, 4CI Tost et., ccr. Powell; teL Mala 571*.
Third race— Five furlongs ; four-year-oldi and
upward; selling. ; - . . ¦ .
724 Nora Ive« 112 653 Lulu W 112
660 Orion :." .....113 598 Florence Fink.. ll2
702 Yule '....-....,..118 670 Shellac lIS
711 Cymona 112 663 P. F 118
670 : Strongoli 114 EBl El Balado 116
639 Oahti 116 691 Mafada 121
657 Afghan lIS 810 Synla 112
679 Rlcardo 118 748 Jim Brownell...UB
741 Terrene- 112
Fourth race— One mile and a Quarter; four
year-olds and upward; Belling- (
760 Vlnetora 104 655 Monlta 11l
760 Tempo 114 704 Owyhea 11*
753 Manzanillo ....111
Fifth race— Five rurlonn: three-year-old«;
purse.
717 Diomed 109 «71 Tom Sharkey.,lo9
633 St. Casimlr 109 (719) Erwin 112
772 Free Pa 55 ......107 744 Frank Duffy.. .lo9
... Dew Dr0p...... 107
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
eelllns.
743 Tassajara ......106| 782 William F H
699 Tlng-A-Linß .. 82 ... Schreiber 109
772 Caesar Young.. 97 678 Frank Kuhry.. 97
772 Red Cherry 92 772 Bagdad 9*
... Sister Marie 92
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Racetto, "Will Fay, Jsorford.
Second race — Torsina, Fashion Plate, Temen
Third race— Afsrhan. Orion. El Salado.
Fourth race— Tempo, Owyhee, Vinctora.
Fifth race— St. Caslmir, Erwin. Diomed.
Sixth race— Schrelber, Basdad. Red Cherry.
Cherry- -
OLYMPICS'
ANNIVERSARY
CELEBRATION
Wheelmen Entertain Many
Friends at Thdr Post-
Street Clubhouse.
The Olyrnplo Club Wheelmen held an
"at home" last evening at the Post-street
clubhouse, which was attended by over
200 of the cyclists and their rueats. The
gathering brought together all the old
time riders and a large number of new
ones, and also served to celebrate the
eighth anniversary of the wheeling organ
ization. .; ;£• k."
The entertainment, which was long and
varied, consisted of "coon" songs by Fred
O'Connell; a Shakespearean recital by D.
E. Hanlon; song by Charles Leigh ton;
ragtime dancing, Vincent Kennedy; song
and stories, Cliff Ireland; zither solo. A.
Hlrsch; solo, Bert Georges; ragtime piano
specialties, Morris Kraemer; "coon" song
and dance. Brown and "Warfield; stories.
Captain Leale; selections on the gramo
phone.
The affair was In charp* of President J.
W. Mullen and Captain T. G. Splllane.
Among those present were: H. D. Haden
feldt. Herbert D. Clark. Charles Albert
Adams, Frank "W. Fuller, F. G. Monteal
egre, Carlos Montealegre. H. Anthony, E.
Adams, S. G. Scovern, A. Hirsch, John
Cunningham, Ernest Ward. E. O. Krag
ne33. R. A. Henderson, F. Altenberg. H.
D. Bean. W. L. Loos. E. A. Bozio. "Wil
liam Mackie, F. W. Pierson. E. Russ. H.
U T . Tuckey, E. Pollock, R. R. Russ. O. E.
Kroetz, H. Russ, George H. Stratton, Ed
win Goeller, Herbert Folger, W. Pedlar,
Major White, J. Ahearn, Tom Meherin.
H. \%*. Spalding, W. C. Corbett. Georeo
Fouge. Jack Lincoln. George Wool rich,
Charles Leach, Dave Barnet, J. Feld
mann. C. Duffey, Louis Warz, Fred Car
ter, A. Castelaza, Charles Tatea, Bob
"W'leland. Fred Butz. Jack Daniels. Georsre
James, Archie Taylor, George Fuller, Will
Haley and many others.
OLYMPIC SWIMMERS..
A swimming tournament, lncludlnr a
match game of water polo, ¦will be held frn
the Olympic Athletic Club's big tank to
night. The principal competitive event
win be a. hundred-yard handicap with the
following entries and allotments of starts:
H. A. "Wldemann, scratch; Carroll, 3 seconds;
Georre Hlnkle. 4; Alex Pape and Hartmann, 8;
Duron, L. Hammersmith and Taylor, <; Pruai
and Connolly. 8: Rountree. 12: Keane, 13: Bev
ans, K. F. Rubs and Fenton, 15; Elsenbers
and Clawson. 20; Ferrenbach, 22. and Da via, 23.
The polo teams which will compete to
i night axe:
! First team— H. Wldemann, AJex Pipe. R. C.
: Hartmann, L.. Hammersmith, F. Duran. J.
Bevans, and W. Downing-, 4L Power*, mbstl
; tate. Second te&m — W. J. Leonard. Georgre
Hlnkle, D. Carroll. Q. Croal. W. Taylor. J.
Talt and M. Davis. M. Cavanaush and L. Lleb
inan, substitutes. A third team, wmcb will
: play at the next tournament. Is mad* up ot
George James, C. K. Helrose, A. i Taylor, E.
Connolly, O. Habenlcht, O. Ferrenbach and R.
yowman, A. Kitenl-prs, substitute.
/no/*vo"v db co., .
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1235 Market st., between 6th and 9th.
Telephone ' South !47. * --
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO..
(BucceßFors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKB3.
tO nrtli «t... opposite Lincoln ScliooL
Telephon* South 60.' ..
Time— H. :24; Vi- :4SVi: %. 1:13>4. Good start. "Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, J.-TV. O'Neil & : Co.'s b. p. by Big Henry-Flora Leach. Winner outclassed his com
pany, llortsasre did her be»t. Hard Knot came very fast at the close. Alee quit. Scratched
—Los Prletos.ll9. Sunello 104, Anchored 116.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
t ,, i mgc;nini
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
¦ Tlburon Ferry.. Foot et Market St.
BAN FBANCIBCSO TO SAM RATAXk
,WEE£ DATB-?:«. B:tfc U*» •« »» U 3
• :K>, 6:10. »:*> p. m. Tfaandajra— Kxtra trt*
•t U:W !». m. Saturday*— Kxum txlpm mX >S ;
Afi4 11: M ». m.
6TXNDATS — *tm. »i«». U. m. m-l 1:1 a, » :**>
1:00. 1:20 p. m.
BAN RAPAEb TO BAM FRAKdSCBO.
WEEK DAYS-«;W, 7;», t;»Tuao a. m.; u;«*.
*:49. S:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:U
gy|y3AV£-lTlb. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:1 ft. I.tt. .«.
fletwefiTsan Francisco tad Scnuetssn ram
¦ame schedule a* above- - t
L«av« Arrlw
Etß Francliua. In Bffeet Saa Vraactsoo.
¦ j ¦ ¦¦ Octobtr U, 1
Week I Son- 1899. Bun- "Week .
Days. I day*. Destination. { daya. Day». ;
V:M am S:00 am Kovato. 10:40 am *:44 an
1:10 pm 9:20 ara Petaluma. 1:05 pm M:K am
S:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. T:33 run 6:22 vm
Fulton.
T:SO am 'Windsor. " US axa '
Eealdibarg.
Lytton.
Geyjiervlll*.
»:*) pm S:flO am Cloverdale. 7:g p-qp tzti pn»
7:20 am) I Hopland and I - j
- ( «X» ami Uklah. I 7:15 pm[ «:g pm
t-M am j ! 10di am
8:00 am] Oaenserille. 7:33 pm
l:topm \ B:gpm
7:30 am l:Mam| Sonoma 10:« ara l:«un
I and
t :10 pm B^lo pmj Gltn Ellen. «^>S pm e-a x>m
!:Joam| B:C4am| SebastopoL |10:4O amllt.lS »ta
»^opml 6:00pml " ' ) 7^sprn| 6:K pm
Stare* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Sprincs: at LTttoa
for Lytton 6prln*»: at OeT«erTin« tor Sk&cxa
Eprln«s: at Cloverdal» for Uie O«r«frs; at Hop-
land for Duncan Bpr'nrs. Highland Bprlnrs.
KelseyvtU-*. CtrUtadSprisp, Soda Bay. Lako-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah tor Vlcay
Eprtnxa. Saratoca Sprtryr*. Bla» Lake*. Laar-i
Dell Lalre. Witter Bprtnsa. Upp«T Lake. Posao,
Potter valley. John Wt, Riverside. Uerleya.
Buclmen # ». fianhedrlnHelttta, HuiiVuie, Orr-«
Hot Sprinn. Mendocino CUt. Port Braes.
Slnci 7 .. BellTßßrtnn. HtrrlJ. Olieo'a. Dy*r.
' BcotJa and Eoreka.
Saturday to Monday roana trip ttckK* at r»>
duced rates. " - ' • ' - - •¦ - - - -
On Sunday roana trip tlekats ta an point*
beyond Baa Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offices, 6SO Market at.. Chronlel* bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
i : OttenU Masaser, CKea. Pass. Agent.
Time— 3-16, US; 6-18, :<3%. ,Baa Btart. "VTon nrst three driving, winner, j, -Weber's b. t., by
St Carlo-Moonlight. Moonbrisrhf hard pressed. Away better Intreplrlo ' would have Won.
Cttrlonl&n can do better. TriKlc R a dlrappolntment, * _ . A<>> |.. AAAiSAA x
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Dividend No. 6 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company Trill -be payable at the
office of the company, 327 MarKet at., on and
after Thursday. February 16. 1900. Transfer
bOOkB will close on Friday, February 9, woo,
at S o'clock p. m.
B. H. FHELDON, Secretary.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
E Faulk, Oakland •: -. ¦¦. 1
W Elliott. Chgo Hts
r H Hayden. Placervll
I CFranks. Bradford
3 McMullen, Inglenook
r W Erkln. Berkeley
T N Kogen. Vacavtlle !
j W Spencer. Holltster
E Webb. wf. P Alto
3 C Hawkins, Biggs ¦
W M Smith. Bices
M 5 Jane, Sacto
H Fenton. U S X
r C Gerlach. Stockton
P Sutherland, do
3 W Morris, Winters
H V Walsh. Winters
W D Reynolds. S Rosa
S P Roberts, Stanford
C Sleirfrled. San Jose
C E Helnbert, s Rosa
Q Glinghl. Stockton
C 5 Woods. Cal \
I H SAnford. Berkeley
D H McEwen. Pomona
L A Sheldon. Slsson
J H Burnham. Moorhd
E A Smith, wf N V
D W Hayes. Burns
G Bemis, Cal
A C Lutgena. Vallejo
C S Moores, Hojw
H E Stiles. Hope
F C I*rlce, I-os Ant
A D Smith. Stockton
A G Kow). wf. KelloKs
W D Madlg-an, Stcktn
C Grange, wf. Tortland
Miss J N'leberser Clvld
C E Bock. Chicaro
Or Ij C Looixila, Mo«cw
C L Loud. wf. Pomona
C I# Stacy, -wt. Vhi"
P. I Uahla, Sacto
C r> Galvln. fleddlnjc
\V E Crawley, LocKprt
3 Thnman. St. Helena.
E F ferry, New York
I McCudden. Vallejo
MIS 3 McCudden, do'
Mary Perkins. Clevelßd
r Daub, Bakenfield
P 0 Kembraugh. Sacta
Miss A. M McDonnell.
I W Djkins. wf. Wyo
T W Glann. Stockton
D C A Dertln, Valley
Wrs F M Densey. do
r H "Wilson, Orovilla
J S Atkhison. N C
¦tS Pacheco, son.ls"«cto>
F Hellnke. wf. Humhlt
M MaTfleld. Alton. 11l
ET G Wood. Lob An f
O B Smith. Halley Bch
Geo A Cook, Chlcajo
W J Stewart, Oakland
W M'GattachalK, aillw
L. Hanslk. wf. Stodttoa
A F Swlt», Denver
H E Adams. Stockton
A "Wll-ron. -wrf. Sacto
H G Church. Chlcaso
W E F»ric«. wf, Sacto
A Whef, Colusa
PALACE HOTEL
C W Hlrk.uan. Mont
F H Green. San Rafael
O A Turner. Grass Val
J H Dcvercaux, Colo
.1 F Lynch. Menlo
W A Campbell. Chgo
M Johnson. U S N .¦¦-¦¦;¦
H M Wilson, Stanford
R Van Brunt. Or /.
J H Hall. Oregon •
Mrs J H Hall. Oregon
L. G Xourse. New Yortc !
Mrs iN'ourse, New YorK j
H L Johnson. XT •
G C Fiavel. Anstrta
A W Fox. Illinois
S F Graham, San Jose
M Frledlander. N V
A H Finning. Pasadn»:
Mrs Fleming;. Pasadena
W U W JRlayney. Colo'
Mrs Blaj-ney. Colo J
W B OosrswelU XT' '
Miss C Brownlnx, ?f Tj
Miss P Brownln*. N Tl
MIfS X Brownlni. >T t Y
J H Buffurn. Chicago
vT Wallace Jr. llont
Mr« Wallace. Mont
C W IVioe. Mont
G B McAneny, Law
rence
F H Buck. Vacavtll*
J Hatch. San Jose
E C Crane. Vancouvßr
H Freston. Seattle
Mrs Preston. Seattle
F Thompson, m y
E C Mix. New York
Mrs Mix. New TorK
G Holmes. London
O Rayha. Kohn
B Becker. Euroce
F \V Fenton. M Tork
J W Kelley, Ohio
E C Onllinac. N York
X B Babbitt, Colo
Mrs M Hainea. Chgtt
Mrs H Faentoeix-. - Cli(o
XHss A Levlne. Chgo
G U Bauer. Ctite&so
G T Goslinr. Pa
H C Flndtay. Chlcaro
J Mccarty, Gnursoa
R Stewart. Minn
Mrs Stewart, Minn
W II Preston. lowa.
Mrs I»rMton. lowa.
B U Stelnman. Sacto
Mrs St?lnm»n. Sacto
Miss L Heillson, Sacto
Mrs McAneny, lawrno
NEW WESTERN nOTEU
P Foley. Fresno C L Davidson. Lob An*
II Vivian, Fresno J Fierce, Fresno
R W Gates. Chicago J Casey. Fresno
C House & w. Sacto A G Morton. S Leandro
I Knapp. Sacramento T Lauehlln, Vallejo
j C ClarlTVacorna J Easter, Carson Clfy
A O Arnold. San DiesolJ £• Townsend & w.
0 Terry. Valleio wis
O F Morrell, Suisun Miss Townsend. Wi»
J A Klnc, iMapa ..-;- • .
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. "« <twenty-
flTe cents per share) of the Hutchlneon Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office cf the company, No. SH Market et., on
and after Tuesday. Feb. 20. 1900. Transfer
bocks will close on "Wednesday, Feb. 14, 1900,
at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary-
DIVIDEND .NOTJCUS*.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
C. relict of Edmund B. Davis, and mother of
Fred A. Davis, a native of Vermont, a&ed
77 years and 13 days.
(C7"The runeral services will be held
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 658 West Btrtet. Interment
private.
DAY— In this city, February 11. 1900. Louise
Day, a native of Frankfort, Germany, aged
70 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DUNSMUIR-ln New York. January 31, 1300,
Alexander Dunsmulr. beloved husband of Jo-
eephine Dunsmuir, a native of Nanalmo,
British Columbia, aeed 46 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Church of the Advent, corner Twelfth ave-
nue and East Sixteenth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
FARRY— In this city. February 12. 1900, John
J., beloved eon of John and Ellen Farry, and
brother of Henry and May Farry. a native of
Lowell, Mass., aged 33 years 2 months and
i days.
C7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. ISO 6 Dolores street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem macs will be celebrated for the re-
i>ote of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FEUTREN— In this city. February 12. 1900.
Mar}' Frances, beloved daughter of Gabriel
and the late Margaret Feutren (nee Conway),
and dearly beloved sister of Thomas Feutren,
Josle Larsen and the late Maggie. Clara and
Freddie Feutren. a native of Mill Valley,
Cal.. aged 30 years 1 month and 12 days.
pyFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 446 Chestnut street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
FISCHER— In this city. February 12, 1900, Susie
E., beloved wife of the late Daniel Fischer,
and mother of Stlllman T. and Leonard
Fischer, Mrs. Harry Burrinjrton and Emma
and Birdie Fischer, a native of London, aged
46 years and 3 months. (San Jose papers
please copy.)
CJTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of 11. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
FITZFATRICK— In this city. February 13, 1900,
Marcaret A., beloved wife of John E. Fltz-
patrlck, daughter of John and Hannah Leary,
and sister of J. F.. D. J.. M. E., K. F., E.
A. and Uie late John T. Leary, . a nattve of
San Francisco.
t^Frlends of th« family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from h«r late resi-
dence, 933 Oak street, corner of Scott, thence
to St. Isnatlus Church, where a solemn re-
quiem h!ch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOT— In this city, February 12, 1900. John J.
Foy. a native of Maine, aged 74 years 1
month and 8 days.
GILMORE— In this city. February IL 1900.
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Catharine
Gllmore, and beloved father of John, Mary,
Catharine, Michael, Annie, Koee. Gertrude
and Robert Gllmore, a native of Ireland.
(CTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1614 Lyon street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets, where a solemn requiem hlsrh mass
will be celebrated t on tb.© rcDOB6 of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
GRlMLEY^ViT'Benicla, February 9. 1900,
Thomas F., beloved son of the late Patrick
and Ann Grlmley. and brother of the late
James and Willie Grlrnley. Mrs. W. Alseo
and Mrs. D. W. Markey, a native of Benlcla,
aeed 31 years 1 month and 14 days.
HALEY-In this city. February 13, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of William Haley, and mother
or CbrlstODher J., Mary A. ana Willie A.
Haley and Mrs. Charles Kaufman and the
late J. U. Owena, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aeed £2 years.
HEINZ— In this city, February IZ, 1900, Feter,
beloved husband of the late Katharina Heine,
and father ot Jacob, Joan, Conrad, Charles
and Henry Heinz and Mrs. William Steln-
hauser, a nattve Of Nleder-VTelsel, Germany,
aged TO years 4 months and 14 days.
£^rf~rlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from tbe parlors
of Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Inter-
ment Odd fellows' Cemetery.
HOQAX-In this city. February 13. 190]. Mich-
a.el, beloved husband of Joanna. Hogan, father
of Herbert. Alfred, Emmett, Irene, Virginia
and Itnatlus Hosan. and brother of David.
Thomas and John Hogan, a native or county
Limerick. Ireland, ased 47 years and 6
months.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlte-J to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from hli late resl-
to St! Brleid's Church, where a solemn re-
qulem mass will be celebrated for the rerx>se
of hls.BOul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
HOPPS— In this city. February 12. 1900. James
H.. beloved hu?l«nd of Belle llopps. father
OX Garfleld Hopps, and son of the late Charles
and Je&nnette 11. Horns, a native of Somer-
vllle, Mass., aged SZ yeare.
ETFrtends and aeaualntancea ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 40S
Powell street, near Post. Interment I. 0.
O. F". Cemetery.
JOHNSON-In San Jo6e, February 13, 1900,
Thomas E. Johnson, beloved husband of Kate
E. Johnson, a native ot Canada, ared 61
years. (Toronto. Canada, papers please copy.)
f^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from
Trinity Church. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
LASKY-In this city, February IS. 1900. Iks
Lasky, belove<3 husb&nd of S&r&h X*a.sicy v
father of Jesse and Blanche Lasky. son of
Mrs. Minnie Lashr, and brother of Mark
Lasky, Mrs. Laura Schwartze or Los Ange-
les. Mrs. H. Armor and Mrs. Kmll Alkus. a
native of California, aged 43 years. (Saa Jose
and Sacramento papers please copy.) -
LAWLER— in this city, February 12, 1500. Pau-
line Adele J>awler. beloved wife of Wilson
Ijflw]f*r, beloved motticr of "\V ilson, X^ois And
Frank Lawler. and beloved sister of Mary
Blvleron. «. native of Norfolk. Va., aeed S3
years and 8 months.
fCT'FVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1611 Foils Btre-t, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where services will be held. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNEII^-In this city, February 12. 1900, Hod-
rlclc McNeil, son of Mary and the late Rod-
rick McNeil, grandson of Henry and Julia
Tn - t ton , B_n<3 brother of Henry &nd S&die Ale—
Nell, a native of San Francisco, aged l year
(£7"rflendJ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 32 o'clock.
MATTSON*— In this city. February 11. 1900.
Oust;, beloved husband of Catherine Mattson.
and father of Alice and Georsre Mattson. a
E7Friend«, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, under the
auspices Cf MOdoc Tribe No. 6T, I. O. R. m.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NIEI«SEN— In thl« city, February v, woo,
Jaoob O. Nielsen, beloved father of A. M..
I. O. and E. Nielsen and Mrs. M. M. Wood,
a native of Norway, aged E3 years.
ff^FVtends and acqualntaJicn are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this flay
<We<Jnes<sa.y), «-t 10:45 o'clock, from the mor*
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. i<2S Mission street, near Twentr-
first. Interment Mount Olivet cemetery.
PECKHAM — In SaJi Jose. February IS. 1900.
Elizabeth Edna, beloved daughter of w. h.
Peckham. a native- of San Francisco, aped il
years 3 months and 6 days.
BATLEH — In the City and County Hospital.
February 18, ISW, John Sayler, j » natlvo of
Belgium, aeed £5 years.
6CHNABEI*— in this city, February 13, 1900,
Clemens Schnabel. dearly beloved husband of
Caroline Schnabel, and father of Carl A.,
Anna ii. Clementina, Martha and Belma
Schnabel, a native of Wiesbaden. Germany,
aeed U years.
SCOTT — In this city, February 12, 1900, Robert
Charles, beloved brOthW Of Dr. Arthur Wal-
ter and Josephine Scott, a nattve of Ban
FranclefO.
JT7" Funeral private.
SMITH-In this city, February v. ¦ 1900. ; Miry
Smith, beloved mother of Peter McQuillan, a
native of Montreal, Canada, aged T3 years.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from ftie residence
of her son at Pinole. Contra Costa County,
thence to St. Paul's Church. San Pablo, whero
a solemn requiem mass wilt be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, commencinc at , 10
o'clock. Interment at San Pablo.
SMITH— In this city. February 11. 1900. Charles
H., son of Edward H. and A. L.. Smith, a
native of Gold Hill, Nev., axed 27 years 4
months and 22 days. (Gold Hill. Nev., papers
please copy.)
(CjrFYlends and acquaintance* are resp»ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from, the residence
of the parents, 1453 Valencia street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WEISGERBER— In this city, February 11, 1900,
Margaret, beloved wife of Louis Welsgrerber.
and mother of Alfred" Welsijerber. a native. of
Auckland. New Zealand, aeed 3S years.
rOTFrlends and acquaintances: are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:20 o'clock, from her late
residence. 102 Anderson stre*t. thence to St.
John's Church for services at It o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TO DIRECT
AMATEUR
REINSMEN
Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation Officers Elected
for the Year.
Much Interest Is shown In speedway
driving at the present time and the mem
bers of Golden Gate Park Driving Asso
ciation look forward to a great season's
sport. A number of matinee meets have
been planned in addition to the annual
race meeting, which will be held on the
California Jockey Crab track, Oakland, oa
May 30.
The annual meeting of the association
was held in its headquarters. Palace Ho
tel, last night. The following board of
directors will govern the gentlemen driv
ers for the comjng term: J. C. Klrkpat
rlck. Edward Algeltlnger, A. B. Spreckels.
Harry Patrick. E. Stewart. J. C. Ohlandt,
G. Swett, F. G. OKane. F. W. Thomp
son. I. B. Dalziel and W. Hamerton.
The quality of the horses used on the
road is being Improved noticeably, some
of the fastest trotters on the coast being
driven by well-known men. The testa of
speed are all made on the park speed
way, the surface of which is suitable for
sending horses at high pressure.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DAISY F IS
DOWNED BY
CATASTROPHE
Biggest Upset of the Day at
Tanforan— Three Choices
First.
One of the severest reverses suffered by
the talent at Tanforan Park yesterday
was the defeat by Catastrophe of the
odds-on favorite Daisy F. John Carroll's
mare was plunged, on at odds of 1 to 2 <to
win the mile and a sixteenth selling event,
and after galloping into the stretch be
fore her field, fell easy prey at the finish
to the 15 to 1 outsider. Catastrophe, ex
cellently ridden by Henry. Morinel show
ed a return of form by taking uw snow.
It was an "eagle bird" for the books, as
the winner ran practically unbacked.
Of the other favorites on the menu
Moonbright and Espionage were done to
a turn, winning extensively backed. Spen
cer led the jockeys with two winning
mounts. ¦ .
A ragged assortment of platers started
in the first event, a seven-furlong, run,
the Boots entry, Senora Caesar, closing a
slight favorite over Lorao and Jazabel.
Miss Soak, a 6 to 1 chance, made the run
ning to the stretch, where Melkarth took
the lead, winning ridden out from ' the
favorite. The winner closed at odds of
5 to I. . ?-' t*
Ex-Jockey Johnny Weber's St. Carlo
filly Moonbright took the two-year-old
dash, starting favorite over Carlonian.
Leading from the start, she was ridden
out to beat the 100 to 1 shot Oh Time, with
Ames in the saddle. Away poorly, Intre
pido came fast at the close, securing the
show, v •:•>.'
W. I^arzelere placed a big commission
on his Silver Tone to win the mile and a
furlong run, and the betting public fol
lowed suit. Trailing Perseus most of the
way, Bullman took the* lead with Silver
Tone below the paddock, only to suffer a
reverse later, when Spencer brought* Sar
donic, winning by a head. The winner
was backed almost entirely for the place,
the first choice being considered a
"moral." :
Speedy Frank Bell had nothing to give
him a rub, taking his race at short odds.
Mortgage made a clever showing, beating
Hard Knot without effort for the place.
It was 8 to 5 and take your pick "be
tween Espionage and Alleviate to win the
final mile and a sixteenth purse run,
Ezell's mare was all the best, for when
Walsh called on her she assumed the
front position, downing Alleviate In a
common canter. The show fell .to Ein
steln. ¦ •'¦"'
Track Notes.
A deputation of the San Mateo County
Super\-isors visited the track yesterday
and were Introduced to the game by Sec
retary Green.
Paplnta, the great mirror dancer, hold
ing the reins over a handsome pair' of
bays on the infield, was the cynosure of
many eyes.
It does not do for a poor owner to upset
a good thing at Tanforan.l Alter Catas
troph* had beaten Daisy P Prank Doss
boosted the winner to $1009. P. Sheridan
had no coin to protect his horse and lost
him. Doss hails from Texas and .former
ly trained the horses of "Kid" Weller. He
claims that Sheridan refused to give him
back some run-up money at Chicago last
summen, when Tappan was bid up, and
Catastrophe ran second. If this is a. crime
then Mr. Sheridan should lay the whole
matter before the stewards or the Amerl
can Turf Congress. The latter body
framed the selllng-rajce clause, and, dis
tort it as you may, It cannot be con
strued to read "that any owner whose
horse finishes second to a winner that Is
bid up and refuses to pay back his portion
of the money received through such ac
tion, shall In all future races be liable to
a bid-up hirrself."
The account of the klllinsr of Montgrom
ery and his various ownerships as pub
lished In an evening- paper erroneously
makes the horse once the property of
'"Pittsburg- Phil." Montgomery was bred
at the McGrathlana Btud, Lexington, Ky.,
by Milton Young, who owned both sire
and dam, Hanover-Blessing. The colt
¦was first named Confession. When a year
ling he was sold to Leigh & Rose, who,
after starting- him at Little Rock, won the
maiden race with him at Memphis. While
a. two-year-old at Saratoga he was pur
chased by Burns & Waterhouse, who
bought at the same time another ¦well
tiled two-year-old, Glacier. Then ho be
came the property of • Felix Carr. the
popular Jockey, from whom he passed to
William Magrane). who took him out of a
Belling race.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds:
purs».
772 Beautiful 8111..1K 657 March Seven. ..ll7
772 Isallne ..117 KM Summer 113
7M Choteau -.122 773 Silvertall 119
(546 Racetto .119 537 Jolly 8rit0n.. ..113
705 Norford U2 734 Will Fay 119
751 Aborigine 1191
upward: selling.
747 Hohenloho 11! 397 St. AUrnon.. 109
... Norblelgh 109 ... Fashion Plate.. lo7
TOO San Augrustlne.lOS 6SS Mel. Burnham.lo9
721 Torslna 107 678 Don QuUote...io3
73fi Tallac 104 657 Tom Smith 109
760 DunvanJ lO9| 773 Uterp 104
... Royal Prize. ...lDJ 728 Muscalado 1M
653 Indra 112 'M Yemen 109
760 Lob Pr1et0a....109 ¦':.¦¦••;>.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
7.NH. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; : allowances: J-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
Tlme-1-16. :07; 5-16. :32U : 9-16. :67\i: 13-16, 1:22^; m, 1:41: 1 1-16 m, IMS. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third .driving:. Winner. L.. H. Eiell'B b. f.by Inspector B-Sun Maid.
Espionage carried the imart money. Too far for Alleviate. Einstein ran peculiarly as
ever. ¦'.'• , ''".-¦'¦¦"''. • • ¦ '
DEHICGLGY REAL. INSTATE.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to His Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlggments and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
»4— 4000- ACRE stock ranch; well watered;
fenced; excellent bulldlnfrs; half cultivatable
land; good coll; cuts IJOO tons of hay; large
outside ranee; SO per cent cash, balance can
remain at low rate of interest.
H— €4o ACRES, suitable for stock ranch; fenced
and crose-fenced ; a portion cultivatable; rood
eo!l; jienty of water; wood sufficient to pay
for the place; small house; new barn; three
miles from Hearst stock ranch, Alameda Co. ;
half cash, balance at low rate of Interest.
$27 50 — 19C0 ACRES; fine Improvements; Income;
200 acres fruit; fine opportunity for stock
half exchange city Income property, and bal-
ance can remain at very low rate of iterest.
% -¦ j. w. cox & co..
506 Ninth st.
%2W CASH; small monthly installments till
paid for; here's something stood ; a lovely
home on Frultvale aye. ; recently built; house
of 9 rooms; bath, pantry, plenty cloeet room;
bam. stable and shed; sanitary plumbing;
water and server connections: cars cass the
door; avenue flnely macadamized: fine homes
surrounding; 8-story schoolhouse; price, all
told. t:t>Xi: will exchange. Call or send for
circular. 435 Seventh st.. Oakland; carrlaga
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
BATLBOAD TBA VET*
s«Uthkk?i r>A«!iric courAJT.
. (PACiriO 9TSTKX.)
VsllsM lsat« nm) nrn «ln« t* nrrlft »f
MAN FItAN«SN««».
(Mmia Line. Foot ot Market Street)
AX ab»c<lute bargain: 5700 for a a corner lot
on Grove St.; 50x90; other buys In proportion;
6ir.aU cottapes for sale. $750 and upward, ac-
cording- to sir« and location; building lots on
or adjacent to Telegraph avenue, Grove st.
or San Pablo aye. a specialty: In writing
state limit of Investment, size of lot and loca-
tion desired. R. J. MONTGOMERY. 470
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
S.EAYS — FSOM DSCEUST.B l\ 13SS. — lllirf
BARGAIN— Rich, modern, Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. I-'ortier. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Hranch Office ot The Call re-
moved to 111$ BroadTvay, Oakland. Adver-
tluemrr.ts and subscription* reeeh-ed.
OAKLAND FIRMSHEU ROOMS.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Hroadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements find (subscriptions received.
OAKLAXD Fin.MTinE FOII SALE.
AN introduction to you rrom H. £<chellhaac. th»
furvltute dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
mored to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tiscmeiits and subs-rlptions received. -
COPABT>ERSHIP NOTICES,
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership. — The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHHRI A BACIGALUPI. doing
business In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, wos on the 2StU day of March. 1599. dis-
solved by mutual conrent. MR. G. lACCHERI
BACIQALUPMn the'eencern.
C lACCHERI.
G. BACIGAL.UPI.
Eaa Francisco. February 9. 1900.
"7:90 a Ef r.Ma, Suisnn, Klxn'ra. Vie»TtH«,
Pmnaryapd Sacramento .. *7i439
•7i«*« Bkasts Express— Da-rls. Willows*
Red DIuJT. Pcrtlacd *7i439
¦7i3«» Muttnez, 6sa nsracn, VaUejo, Xapa, ¦
Catixtoga and Santa Cou *tltSy
•8>3»« The Oreilsnd Ltn=M««d— OgJen. Ds>
tea. Orr.sha. Cltleago *StlS9
•».»•* Bui Jnse, Ll»crmrr, fltoekton.
lose, Oaeraaiento. PlaeerriDA
M»ry»»ii!<-. CUco. I<«1 151<XIT «4il>*
•It8«\ •Milton. OairJa'ft aart Hoson MsUf
•O:CM»» Hsyvmrds. Niles ud Wsy htattor... • Hll3*H 1 13*
•9:00* Daria, Woodland. Knicbtt Laodlag,
MattstUl*. OrotUle. *Ti4S#
•9iO«a Atbnds KzpreM— Oeden and Eait **rIA%
Merced and J'rema M»iisr
•Bi««a Port Costa. Kremno. Mo jar* and Lss
Aoceics *n**i-r
•¦•iOOi VaUcjo. MartlaasKQd W««RUUon« **i43f
•1 in»«« Haywaids, JNiI«SS»--<I Way fitmtiens. •*• »»*
•13:00 m Nile*. Lhermore. fitociton^j Hftcta-
BBento. Meodota. Uwattnd, Vlss Its,
FcrterrtlJa Hiis*
Jlt*«r flscramento lU»er BUaiMia „.. tHi«o#
3iOOpHafirards.Nnts»ndW»7 BtiUori. •»»•-"»»
•4 »»r Mcrtlner, Ran lUnxm. Vallejo
Sap«, Ca!!«o;», H»ttU«OM...... •»¦!»•
•4i««r BenioU. V»ca»H!». BaeraiMOto.
>Vooill»ni], KrW lAOdlng,
Marjstllla. OrotllU •1«:43*
•CiSOr Nile*, ban Jornaad Stockton ....... •¦»*»»»¦
•BtMrTha o*l Llrcited-TracT. Yitrao.
B^kcrsaeld. Bsngns fox But* Uxx-
bara. I-ci Aoccl«i •!•!«*
•9<«*r Esoset Utrlted— tJ Pmao. J.*«rw Or-
leans and East eittHi*
•5.30r BtocsrkOß, Mexceii. Frano *l*<l3a<
•ai3»i» f Tf siio, llttkeraileltl. W«n ta Ditrhsra,
Los Angeles. Demise 13 Puo.
. New Orleans aoU Easb. •».-•»»
•3iS*)r MsnU Va UoiKe— Atlmitlo Erprtts
for MoJ»»» ana l:»«t -««-«:»*
*0:««p Ilarwardi, Kilcs und Saa Jos» *7i H 4
? «<:tor VaUejo .•t»«l.'»»
•0: 3» r Oriental Hifl-Orlcn and Eart ••:»•»
t~««M»r Vallejo. l'oit CojU and Way 6te-
Ucna, i»j3»»
•»il)3r Orcgou and California I>iiir t-i«.H»ot -i«. H»o
UMireato, MarjßTlllw, Kr-i.nn B ,
rortlsixl. Plight Kmiml an<l Kant *1i!54
C9IST DITISIOj* (.Tarroir Uasge}.
(Foot <¦* llTrkct Street. >
L *Sii*a M«wark.Center*llle.fi»n Josa.Ffflkoa,
BoaWerCrwk.SttiH Crux and \\'a»
BtotJoM t 3iBff
Jtil3r Keirark. Contervtlle. Hsn JoM,New
Alaadon, Fctton, li'iuiilT Crrck,
Santa. Cruz and Vrincipal Way
•' " BtaUoca ......TT....... | ¦•»»••
MilS> Ktttrsxlt. San Jom>. Los Gitns. '0:20 A
Mliijf ilnntrrx" Rxctmtan. Sao Jos* and
WaySta'lom 17»20»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rmsii niseisu — rmt *r ii.<u»t strnt«s:i>s) —
•7:11 9:00 HKXJi.v. 1149 *2:39 13:^
•4.03 t5:33 -B:C3r.«.
Ffl3 01IUSD-r«ll'BrJilw«j.--*fl;C3 8:00 30:034.*.
ti3:ca «x.ea ta^o «3:33 tt-xa "a^ir-n.
COiKT DITMtOS (Rros.<t (^us»).
- (Tb.lTds.r>dTaTn«TwJS*».)
4*tlS4Oeeu Vlew.Sontlitnn Fwmsko.. \*iiUtr
•7100 a Baa Joso ami Vi»j Sbttions (2iow
,' Almadeu T.'e»ln9nJijs on!r) *l:SOt>
»•»»«•» Ban Jour, Tres l>luoa, HnnU t'rnx.
».¦•¦ Pacliia Grove. Vim Koblci. San
r.nf« Obtsrxv Snrf. Lompoc u4
Priuolral War fiUtloDl *4iltr
•!•--••» Saa Jnss.o.l Way Stations MiUl
•IHS9* Baa Joso ami Tf ¦/ esutioos. -a.30»
£ -*3t43r B+n Uateo. Uedwood. Usslo Park.
r rslo Alto. &»t» CJars, Han JoMi
IVm rinc*. SoiitA t.'ruz. Bi'.uiaj.
• Uaateraj sm) rulS* Oran_._. UO.tV**
laiXtpßuJoieaad Way SUlloos *7>3oy
(lilSr SuJonaod Principal Way Stations *I): 4.'>»
t3:oor3anJoaoiaJrrindpa!W37«utiocs \v-.«»k
*V3Op San Jos. and Prlocioal Way station. *StSAA
•«:;t«r 6aa Jon »a<l wjj statioos (•'«»*
flli4Sf San Jo«s >n.l Way Statiom *7»3f1»
A tat iloraiof. r to* A rtamoon.
* D»llj. t Sundnf Minted. t Baftd*» o»If.
Alietdin and FrlJyr « Thundin and fta&ifk.
California I imited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is die quickest running ud omt
luxurious train *crus tba continent
Co^KECTCia T».«s Le ivis Saw F»a.icjo»i
S P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, ariiviny In Chicayo mx 2: is
P.fl in time to connect with all Ural t«i
trains lor New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at s:3ft
FYDDFC* P« n. wlta Falace and Toarist
*-^LL K ."r-w car* * or Kansas City. St- Looia,
DAILY coicago and East.
Zrocal trains Itetwcea Stockton, VALLCY
Fresno. H.anford, Visalia, Tnlarfi m\>i\
and BaJcersfield. iCV»»M
SEE YOU IN Saa Pnsdseo office. 6Zi
'FDICrO CHAN Market Street, Phone Main
I KUV.U JUUII JS3I: Oakland, Ilia Broad-
way; Sacramento. ?n J Street; saa Jo«r,7 West
Santa. Clara. Street. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vfo Saus&litd Ferry.
ComnaeaclnK October v, 1339. '"
IHOU SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-I^fl, *»:», U.W •• «.; 1:«,
•1:40. 6:13. t:O4. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill V»n«T «x» Saa !*»>•
f*el. oa Mondays. Wednesday, and SatunU/t,
at *:0O and n:io rx m.
SCXDArB-*8:00. •10:00. *U:ID a- m-i IM,
aai. «4:tt. «:20. »:0« rx m.
Tralnn marlctd <•) ran to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAMCI3CO.
WEUK DAYS— 6:^. *C:S. 1:43. -j:*) a. m.;
•12:80. ins. »8:«. »S:l5 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Satnrdaya at S:4d and 10:15 o. m.
6UNDAT3— «:». •*:». 10:00. "Tl:lS a. m.;
•1:40. "J:l*. «:<». f-» P. «n.
Trains Biark«d «•» start from San Cuentla.
FROM illl.U VALLEY TO SAM FRAX CISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:45. 1:45, 1:53. 1:45 a. m.j
JJ:SS, f:». »:«sTrt» fx m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* aarj
Satnrdaya at 7:00 aad 19:20 o. m.
BUNDAY3-»:06. V 0:08 m. m.; 12:05. »:15. t:a,
•:M. «:4t v. m.
THROTJOH TRAIUS.
7:00 a. ra. week days— Catadero and way stations*
1:40 r> en. Parordays — Tnrajln and way station*.
• .DO a. n. Eundajr»— Tomales and way station*.
A'.OUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco vta Ssusatlto Ferry.
¦Week days 5:3© a. m. and 1:45 p. m,
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-bcAted closed car on all trians.
Far*— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
n 40.
y^""^. Dr. Gibbon ? s Dispensary,
'»2*» K i:.t ß.\ T AT. E^Ubllshwl
Ja^rf^^j^N in I "»34 lor tiif treatment oi HrtTata
raj *v -J*» DKfaSPS. LostllanlKMKr Debility or
BH|!Ssu3IWBBL dliwiiir»T«irlngoii brwlTand mlrtrt unit
JWjajr9 f«Jtn Uta^aars. Tb«doctorcnrwwher»
a^^HHS|DßoU>eTatatl. Try him. Charges low.
TSTtPniCsTn ' r— — •' Callorwrlt<v
| I>r. J. r- «-inUON. B«x »»37.aaa»«jicUt<k
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
{Copyright. «W. by
H. H. Egbert.
TAN'FOnAN PARK^jrueadky^FVebiTia^^
775. FIRST RACE-Seven furlongs; aeillng; four-year-olds and upward; punre, noo.
Time^i — "13%: 94. :3S; Si. 1:03*4: %. 1:2«». Good start, tl'on flrst thr*f driving. Winner. M.
Qulnn'e b g.. by imp. Marlner-Enfaula.,«. WUft any sort or a vigorous rifle senora w-ouia have
been closer lip. Miss Spate a bit short. . Jazabel of no account. Colonel Root hadnospeed.
770. second RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two- year-olds; purge. J4OO.
7SO, THIRD FIACE — Mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
Tlrne-H. 112%: %. :«: %• l:W; %, l; 30; mile, l:«tf; lttm, 1:51*. Good «t»rt. """on flrst thre «
drtrtiii Winner. E. Corrliran's b. ¦ m.. by Morello-lmp. Sardonyx. SIH-er Tone* never ovor
burdoned with speed; the route, too, a tnne rar, Persem mafls a eood showm*. Too fast
fOr Coda. r-, r^-^-^-L-r-^-r^r-. r-. .-. -'------ --. „"-.-, -, ,- .-, ~ — -—-,-— U
TMI. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth: selling: three-year-olds and up; purse. J4OO.
Time— l-16. :07: 5-l«. :32: 9-16. :67; 13-16. T:~22H: m, 1:40%: 1 1-18 m, 1:47. Good start. Won
first threo driving. Winner, P. Sheridan's b. k. by imp. Midlothian-Misfortune. Catas
trophe nicely ridden and beat to-day. Daisy P probably short. Lavator almost left.
Tappan hard^jrlddem^FMshopl*e«?d<julj^^^^^
7N2. FIFTH RACE — Six, furlongs: selling: three-year-olds and" up: purse, $400
11
ndex Horse. Age. Wdghtjst. Urn. %Ttl. ' %m. gtr.
748 Melkarth, 6 ...107 r :ji n 2H in
73G S^nora CaesJLT. 4. ...102 3 414 Sh 82 IVi
6<H Miss SoaK, 6 106 1 I* i* lh 3J4
<JSS Lomo. 6 ......107 4 GS 5h 5 2 4 2
CIO Jazalwl 6 11" 5 6 h 7 « 4 1 C 3 ¦
7M Hannah Reid. 4 114 8 7 L 6h 7 2 6 2
727 Color el Root. 6 119 8 8 -•' 8.8 8
742 Lor.a Marie. 6;, ....105 2 3H 4 1 .6 2 7 2
Fin.
1 1
21
4?
54
62
7 1 '
S
I | Bett
I Jocßgys. i Op.
Ilajicti ........ 4
¦ Tullett 2
M. Bersen 6
Henry 6
Spencer 5-2
Glover n>
Vlttltoe 7
Jenkins «
tins.
Cl.
5
4
6
9-2
9-:
V)
t
10
Index. Horse. Welght.ist. , %m. ftm. %m. str. nn. l jockos. |op.
653 Moonbiiebt 115 4 TTT '...' 2 3 1 H E. Jones S-2
743 On Time :.M 1 ... : ... ... JJi H Ames zo
743 Intr«-pl<io - 11S 9 --- --- --- 82, 3n Plfrtrott 3
622 Lily Slmplon.. 115 2 ... 3 1 4ii Spencer 6
658 Carlonian 115 7 \i ... ... ... 6 1 SH Hennfswy ... 8
RaVClinC 11J 3 ... 4^61 Butlman 5
::: Fio^nVL ::: use ... ? 2 72 e-r^ is
I!! MaPion 8ri.t01...-...11S 8 ... 9 Ift .9 19 TulUtt M
FollOWMe..'. 113 10 ... -¦... '¦: ... 10 ... 10 -, Glover 40
••- Forbea 118 Left ... i. Morgan ...;... IS
Cl.
' 5-2
100
3
3
9-2
8
13
10
100
100
80
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. l St. -
m Sardonic. 5 ...103 2
7E3 Silver Tone. 4 108 1
•7C3 rerseus. a...........w> «
770 Coda. a. '. I^s 3
693' Lena. 6,....r........-ios 5
<ft 44) Charles Le Bel. 5.. 105 6
Urn. Hm. Km.
4 »i 6 3 1
212 1 2 1
1 n l ft 11^
3HB H 4 h
5 n 8 h f. 2
64 H «
Str.
3n
l n
4 * '
& 5
6
Fin. | Joekgya. [Op. CIT
lh Spencer &-2 ~-2
2 H Ballman 8-3 4-5
3 X Jen Kins ....... ,56
4 H4 Henry 2ft IS
512 J.- Martin 8 15
' 8 Morgan SO 43
index. Horse. Age^ Weight. [St.
73R Catastrophe, 6. .106 1
(6M» Daisy F. 5 10? 3
591 Morlnel. B 114 4
405 Lavator, 4 wo s
589 Tuppan. 6 ]rts! 5
6.16 BlFhop Reed, 6..'...108| 2
1 2
« hi '
5 h
6
6 4 -
2 1
91 %
2 h
5 h"
6
4 2
3 h
"im.
2 r l
12
S 2
S 4
4 1
6
Str. Fin,
in "I*2
13 2 3
3 4 IS
4h 4 1
5 4 • B 4
6 6
I • Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
iFenirj'. ~~~~i 12
Spencer ...... 1 ; 2 2-5
T. Walnh 4 ft
J. Daly ;. 20 50
Bullman" S 6
Vi 1 1 1 toe 10 20
ndex. Horse.
Age.
Weld
it.|St.
Urn.
%m.
?4ra.
Str.
Fin.
oc!
eys.
:i.
746 Frank Bell. 4 116 1
719 Mortgage. 3 .....102 4
579 Hani Knot, 4 119 8
... Loch Katrine, 3... 102 B
744 Alee. 3.. ..107 2 i.
... Formatus, 3 ...104 3
... Gold Bug. a US 6
D7S William. F, 3 ...104 7
: 11
4 5
• 2
8 h
2 2
6 2
7 1
8
1 2
-2h
6 4
. 4 6
5 H
6 3-
8
7 5 '
1 2
12
5 10
81
4 3
6 2
S
7 1
1 1H Spencer 2-5 7-20
2 3 Tullett ....... R 9-2
3 2 HcnnrsMy... 10 25
'44 T. "Walsh 10 12
6 « Jenkins 10 20
6 2 |J. Dalj- 40 2<W
7 3 lOlover £0 300
'8 ¦ | Ames 60 200
Index. Horse.- Age. Weight. jSt.
GC2 Esploaagre, 4... Ml 5
774 Alleviate. 5»... .. — 104! 2 .
739 Einstein, 5 .....1011 7 .
B*B Rapido.a.Y. :..... ..10M 3
6T9 Milt Young. 4 DC 4 .
742.. Lucid." 6....: ..101 1
760 ManT.anlllo. a.......105| 8
Mm.
6 h
.1 h
4 h
8 1
¦ 2 h
8 10
7
%m. . Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl. .
• !h 22 in 11H IT. Walsh 5-5 S-5
11 12 25- 2 8 iVittltoe ...... 5-2 -8-5
3h 33 35 38 I J. ¦ Martin 3 16-3
810 520 :4: 4 4 410 {Jenkins ...... 12 .25
¦ 4 H 4V* • 512 <5 12 Dormer 2O • 50
610 82 86 64 Heinson 60 101
7 7-7 '' 7 Amea 50 *qq
Index. Horse. Welght.ist. , %m. ftm. %m. str. nn. l jockos. |op.
653 Moonbiiebt 115 4 TTT '...' 2 3 1 H E. Jones S-2
743 On Time :.M 1 ... : ... ... JJi H Ames zo
743 Intr«-pl<io - 11S 9 --- --- --- 82, 3n Plfrtrott 3
622 Lily Slmplon.. 115 2 ... 3 1 4ii Spencer 6
658 Carlonian 115 7 \i ... ... ... 6 1 SH Hennfswy ... 8
RaVClinC 11J 3 ... 4^61 Butlman 5
::: Fio^nVL ::: use ... ? 2 72 e-r^ is
I!! MaPion 8ri.t01...-...11S 8 ... 9 Ift .9 19 TulUtt M
FollOWMe..'. 113 10 ... -¦... '¦: ... 10 ... 10 -, Glover 40
••- Forbea 118 Left ... i. Morgan ...;... IS
Cl.
' 5-2
100
3
3
9-2
8
13
10
100
100
80
Index. Horse.- Age. Weight. jSt.
GC2 Esploaagre, 4... Ml 5
774 Alleviate. 5»... .. — 104! 2 .
739 Einstein, 5 .....1011 7 .
B*B Rapido.a.Y. :..... ..10M 3
6T9 Milt Young. 4 DC 4 .
742.. Lucid." 6....: ..101 1
760 ManT.anlllo. a.......105| 8
Mm.
6 h
.1 h
4 h
8 1
¦ 2 h
8 10
7
%m. . Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl. .
• !h 22 in 11H IT. Walsh 5-5 S-5
11 12 25- 2 8 iVittltoe ...... 5-2 -8-5
3h 33 35 38 I J. ¦ Martin 3 16-3
810 520 :4: 4 4 410 {Jenkins ...... 12 .25
¦ 4 H 4V* • 512 <5 12 Dormer 2O • 50
610 82 86 64 Heinson 60 101
7 7-7 '' 7 Amea 50 *qq
ndex Horse. Age. Wdghtjst. Urn. %Ttl. ' %m. gtr.
748 Melkarth, 6 ...107 r :ji n 2H in
73G S^nora CaesJLT. 4. ...102 3 414 Sh 82 IVi
6<H Miss SoaK, 6 106 1 I* i* lh 3J4
<JSS Lomo. 6 ......107 4 GS 5h 5 2 4 2
CIO Jazalwl 6 11" 5 6 h 7 « 4 1 C 3 ¦
7M Hannah Reid. 4 114 8 7 L 6h 7 2 6 2
727 Color el Root. 6 119 8 8 -•' 8.8 8
742 Lor.a Marie. 6;, ....105 2 3H 4 1 .6 2 7 2
Fin.
1 1
21
4?
54
62
7 1 '
S
I | Bett
I Jocßgys. i Op.
Ilajicti ........ 4
¦ Tullett 2
M. Bersen 6
Henry 6
Spencer 5-2
Glover n>
Vlttltoe 7
Jenkins «
tins.
Cl.
5
4
6
9-2
9-:
V)
t
10
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. l St. -
m Sardonic. 5 ...103 2
7E3 Silver Tone. 4 108 1
•7C3 rerseus. a...........w> «
770 Coda. a. '. I^s 3
693' Lena. 6,....r........-ios 5
<ft 44) Charles Le Bel. 5.. 105 6
Urn. Hm. Km.
4 »i 6 3 1
212 1 2 1
1 n l ft 11^
3HB H 4 h
5 n 8 h f. 2
64 H «
Str.
3n
l n
4 * '
& 5
6
Fin. | Joekgya. [Op. CIT
lh Spencer &-2 ~-2
2 H Ballman 8-3 4-5
3 X Jen Kins ....... ,56
4 H4 Henry 2ft IS
512 J.- Martin 8 15
' 8 Morgan SO 43
index. Horse. Age^ Weight. [St.
73R Catastrophe, 6. .106 1
(6M» Daisy F. 5 10? 3
591 Morlnel. B 114 4
405 Lavator, 4 wo s
589 Tuppan. 6 ]rts! 5
6.16 BlFhop Reed, 6..'...108| 2
1 2
« hi '
5 h
6
6 4 -
2 1
91 %
2 h
5 h"
6
4 2
3 h
"im.
2 r l
12
S 2
S 4
4 1
6
Str. Fin,
in "I*2
13 2 3
3 4 IS
4h 4 1
5 4 • B 4
6 6
I • Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
iFenirj'. ~~~~i 12
Spencer ...... 1 ; 2 2-5
T. Walnh 4 ft
J. Daly ;. 20 50
Bullman" S 6
Vi 1 1 1 toe 10 20
ndex. Horse.
Age.
Weld
it.|St.
Urn.
%m.
?4ra.
Str.
Fin.
oc!
eys.
:i.
746 Frank Bell. 4 116 1
719 Mortgage. 3 .....102 4
579 Hani Knot, 4 119 8
... Loch Katrine, 3... 102 B
744 Alee. 3.. ..107 2 i.
... Formatus, 3 ...104 3
... Gold Bug. a US 6
D7S William. F, 3 ...104 7
: 11
4 5
• 2
8 h
2 2
6 2
7 1
8
1 2
-2h
6 4
. 4 6
5 H
6 3-
8
7 5 '
1 2
12
5 10
81
4 3
6 2
S
7 1
1 1H Spencer 2-5 7-20
2 3 Tullett ....... R 9-2
3 2 HcnnrsMy... 10 25
'44 T. "Walsh 10 12
6 « Jenkins 10 20
6 2 |J. Dalj- 40 2<W
7 3 lOlover £0 300
'8 ¦ | Ames 60 200In this Interests of Commerce.
A bill was recently Introduced Into Con
gress providing for the appropriation of
X2OO 000 for carrying on the . work . of the
Philadelphia. Commercial Museum, and a
New Parlor of Natives.
A new parlor of Native Sons will be
organized this evening to be composed ex
clusively of Californians who fought In
the Philippines. The meeting will be held
In Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building.
Addresses will be made by several . grand
officers of tho order. The committee
which has been arranging for the organi
zation consists of Lieutenants George J.
Petty, Charles L. O'Donnell. .H. F. Mc-
Gum, H. V. O'Brien. George Knacke.
Sergeant T. J. Fltzpatrick, Private E. V.
Moody and Musician Vincent Devlin. The
lodge will be christened - Philippine Par
lor.
windows of the Halght-street car
were stove in. The superintendent of
the Fillmore-street division would not
give the ; names of the motorman or
conductor mixed. up In the wreck and
prohibited employes from Imparting
the Information under. penalty of dis
missal. The superintendent refused to
give any explanation of the accident.
At the office of the Haight-street sys
tem it was claimed that no statement
concerning the collision could be,,
made until a thorough Investigation
had been completed.
Agents of the . railroad company
were on the. cars that collided and lost
no time in rushing: the young- woman
who- was Injured -out of '. the way be
fore any of the bystanders could
learn her name or address.
effort to stop croflslnu, the ca
ble track. The srripman •'. of car 179,
however, disobeyed orders and ; at
tempted to cross In front of the elec
tric car. Hia car was half, way over
when' the electric car struck it with
a crash. /
Fortunately the accident occurred at
an hour when travel is not.heavy;
otherwise : it is ; more than . likely I that
it would have been attended with
some fatalities. The only person in
jured was a; young: woman who was
riding on the outside of the Flllmore
street "car. When, she saw that the
collision could not be averted she
Jumped ;to save herself and was se
verely Injured on the hip in the fall.
The ; front of : the electric car. .was
smashed to splinters and the 'side and
THERE are indications that the
Market-streot Railway system Is
competing with the Southern Pa
clflc Company in the number of
accidents and smash-ups it can charge
to Its account in a given time. Fol
lowing close on the hind-end collision
of Sunday an accident ; occurred yes
terday noon at the intersection of
Height and Flllmore streets -which
was equally Inexcusable and fully aa
disastrous. I;,'-'
Car 179 of the Halght-street line, In
charge of Gripman W, E. Downes and
Conductor W. J. Norton, reached the
Flllmore-street crossing Just as an
electric car was ", coming: down tho
grade along: ; Pillmore ]¦'¦ street, ."gxjlng
south. The electric car had the right
of way ¦ and ; the . motorman T made Ino
TWO CARS CRASH TOGETHER
AT A DANGEROUS CROSSING
Special Sale of Boys' Shoes.
1000 pairs of boys' shoes will be sold to
morrow for only 85c a pair; all sizes.
These shoes are standard screw, made out
of calfskin and kip leather, good to wear
for dress or school and worth no less than
J1.75 a pair, gale will begin at 9 a. m., at
the sale of shoes, 717 Market, near Third.*
Come Just to Look
Great Bargains
Chlnawara
Crockery
Glassware
Lamps
Ornaments
Novelties
Clock*
come Just to Look-
Great American ImportißfiL Tea Co.
Stores EYerjnarlierc
zoo Store*.
MRS. BAERMAN MISSING.
Her Mind Was Unsettled and Shs
May Have Killed Herself.
Robert Baerman, a machinist residing
at 828 Howard street, reported at the Cor
oner's office yesterday morning that his
'wife Marie had disappeared under cir
cumstances tending to prove that she
was insane and Intended to commit sui
cide. She had been exhibiting symptoms
of aberration of mind for seme tlroe,
brought on by sickness, aha being past
middle age.'!-,, ¦ '•:
Mr. Baerman said that his wif» Arose
as usual yesterday morning and pro
ceeded to cook breakfast. He went up
stairs for a little while,' and when he re
turned he found a note on the table. It
was in the handwriting of his wife. She
declared that she waa becoming Insane
and that she Intended to leave the world
before she lost her reason.
The couple have one child, a daughter
15 years old, who works for the Taylor
box factory. She had already left the
house before her mother.
The missing woman is 45 years old. five
feet, two Inches tall, 145 pounds weight,
gray eyes and black hair. She wore a
black straw hat, velvet coat, black skirt
and gaiters.
large number of the lawmakers, recogniz
ing the good that the institution Is ac
complishing, have pledged to -support the
measure, in order that there might bo
no hitch the museum officials requested
the local Chamber of Commerce to sup
port the bill by urging the Pacific Coast
representatives to vote for it. At the
meeting yesterday the subject was dis
cussed and it was decided to comply with
the request, two reasons being urged for
this action. One was that It Is in the In
terests of the commerce of America and
the other ia that Western support of an
Eastern Interest will pave the way to
Eastern support to a measure appropri
ating money for the proposed rnciflc
Coast Museum.
BOER ARGUMENT ENDS
IN STABBING AFFRAY
Thomas W. Bollet Seceives Injuries
Which May Hesult in. T"«
Death.
Thomas W. Rollet and Thomas Fahey,
alias Charch, engaged in an altercation
yesterday afternoon In a saloon kept by
Jack O'L«ary at 723 Davis street, during
which Rollet wa* severely stabbed in the
abdomen and received injuries from which
he may die. Both of the men are team
eters In the employ of the Pacific Gas
Improvement Company. They entered
the saloon together about 4.30 o'clock to
take a drink. While they were discussing
a couple of schooners of beer their con
versation drifted to the Boer war. Evi
dently their opinions differed, for they be
came angry and Hollet made a pass at
Kahey. T"be latter was cutting a piece
of tobacco with an old rusty knife, and
when bis companion attempted to etrlke
him he made a lunge at him and cunk the
knife to the hilt in Rollet's abdomen.
The wounded man was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where he was
attended by Dr. Frank Robinson and Dr.
Cherry who expressed the opinion that
on account of tbe condition of the weapon
blood poison will unquestionably -esult
from the wound. Fahey was arrested
by Officer Crosby and taken to the Cen
tral Police Station, where he will b« held
pending the outcome of Rollet s wounds.
TO STAKE NOME BEACH.
Proposed Law That Ib Alarming
Hundreds of Miners.
Miners who contemplate digging wealth
from the Nome beach next apring? aro
somewhat alarmed over on» clause of ' a
bill now before Congress regulating min
ing at Nome. This clause provides that
the beach may be staked off in claims.
The miners Bay that if this proposed law
Is adopted there will be room for com
paratively few men to -work on the sands
and that the vast number who 50 to
Nome expecting to make money from the
beach will be disappointed. The business
of tho town will bo Injured, too. by the,
failure of tbe disappointed ones to mako
money.
Another fear expressed by the miners Is
that people now going into Nome over
land will, expecting the law to pass, form
companies and stake off all the paying
beach, and that thus the profits of tho
sand diggings will reach the pockets of
still fewer.
Friends of the proposed law say It
should be adopted, as serious trouble may
arise on the beach if it cannot be definite
ly determined what each man owns.
NEARING COMPLETION.
Valley Road Getting Everything in
Readiness to Enter This City.
The progress of work on the Valley road
Is moving along, with great rapidity now
that the weather is such as to permit of
the construction being pushed right ahead
without any delay from water, soft earth
or the Ilko.
One continuous line of - track has been
laid from Stockton to the mouth of the
great Franklyn tunnel, a distance of fifty
two miles. The tunnel Itself is Jn such
shape that the rails can be extended Into
It and trains run through aa soon as those
having the work In hand desire.
Krorh the tunnel there remain only
eighteen miles of track to be put down
to connect Stockton with tide water at
Point Richmond. The grading and other
preliminary work on this stretch have
been completed, and nothing now re
mains for the laborers to do but place
the rails.
The wharf at Point Richmond Is now
finished with the exception of a few de
tails to be accomplished on the sllpa and
aprons, and these pieces will probably be
completed within the next two weeks. As
soon as they are done the heavy work of
the road •will be finished -with the excep
tion of that necessary to the laying of a
few miles of track beyond the tunnel.
It Is expected that the Ocean Wave .will
carry passengers from this , city to Point
Richmond In about forty-five minutes,
which will- make- the trip f rom • here to
Stockton one of. about three or three and
a half hours' duration. . «
To accommodate the freight traffic on
ATW Kfr/rTfITEHTOEWpfI,
PUNISHED ENOUGH ALREADY.
Mrs. Dr. Gwyer Qot Married and tlio
Stern Features of the lia-w
Relaxed.
Tne prosecution or. Mrs. norenc* r.
Owyer. alias Mrs. Dr. Gwyer. by the pos
tal authorities has been abandoned at
their request. Assistant United Stares
Attorney Banning yesterday moved to
dismiss the indictment against her. which
charged her with having sent Improper
articles through the mail and his request
was granted by United States District
Judge de Haven. Since her arrest Mrs.
Gwyer has got married and is starting
East on a honeymoon trip. She brought
a marriage certificate to the office of the
United States Attorney as proof or her
statement, and announced that ene hna
retired from the practice of medicine, such
as it was, and that she win try to cure
nobody in future but her husband.
The happy man 18 Samuel Sylvester of
Maine. He was an old sweetheart of
Mrs. Gwyer, and when he learned of the
latest legal entanglement of the lady he
came to this city to see her through.
They were married by Justice of the
Peace Kerrigan a few days ago. and will
leave for the southern part Of Alaska to
day.
Defenders' Day.
Fair Oaks Camp. Sons of Veterans, last
evening observed Defenders' Day In honor
of Lincoln by giving a patriotic pro
gramme. There was an aadre*s on tho
work of Lincoln by F. R. Handley: the
recital ot Lincoln's favorite poem, • r whjr
Should the Spirit of Mortal Be frouaf'
and patriotic remarks by Harry T. Moor*
and others.
tho water tho Valley road people will em
ploy a tug and three large barges. Tho
tug has already been completed by the
Fulton Iron Works and is on« of the best
vessels of her class on the bay. She is 100
feet in length. 26 feet beam and la nuea
¦with triple-expansion compound engine.*
capable of driving her through tho wateT
at a speed of seventeen knots.
The barges are three In number. Each.
Is 240 feet in length, wide enough to norn
three tracks for the cars to rest upon,ana
each is expected to carry seventeen
frelehtcars at one load if necessary.
the Morgue last nlffht aj that ot Pa.trle!c
Connell. The dead man waa a lontshore
znaxi and had been In tha employ of
James B. Chuo & Co., stevedores, Tor
over twenty years. Deceased -was & na
tive or Ireland and about flr;y years of.
age.
FRESNO WELCOMES
SENATOR BARD
Rousing: Reception Given
the Statesman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Feb. 13.— United States Sen
ator Thomas R. Bard has been tho guest
of the city of Fresno since the time of
his arrival from the north last night. Re
publicans, Democrats and Populists vied
with one another In welcoming the new
representative and his stay in this city
has been one continual ovation.
Xhis morning the new Senator was
taken for a drive through the surrounding
colonies by a committee of prominent citi
zens. Mr. Bard enjoyed the drive and ojc
pressed himself as being well pleased wltn.
the country. In the evening a reception
to Senator Bard took place at Einstein
ilfUl, ' which was attended by nearly
every prominent man in the community
irrespective of party affiliations. H. iS.
Austin, chairman of the Republican Cen
tral Committee, presided,- and after call
ing the meeting to order Introduced Miles
Wallace, who welcomed Senator Bard on
behalf of the Democrats of Fresno.
"I desire to assure Senator Bard," sold
Mr Wallace, "of our very high apprecia
tion In this reception and of tho sincere
wish of hia Democratic friends and con
stituents of Fresno County that his abili
ties and usefulness may soon be deter
mined In the Senate of the United States,
and that when he returns and redellverq
his commission to the people of the State
we may feel a matter of satisfaction and
congratulation with his choice that we to
night have met to express."
Mr. Wallace paid a high tribute to Dr.
Rowell, who bo firmly supported Mr.
Bard, and concluded by expressing the
hope that the new Senator would dlstln
g-uish himself in Congress.
E. S. Van Meter spoke on behalf of the
Populist party, extending Mr. Bard a wel
come In the name of that organization.
He declared that Bard's election was a
grand victory for principle, a victory o£
right over might. - ¦-¦. -^ .
The next speaker was Frank h. Short,
the first Republican speaker of the even
ing. He congratulated the people or the
State upon the happy outcome of a dan
gerous situation and congratulated Mr.
Bard upon being the means to that end.
He aIBO paid a tribute to Senator Rowell
for. the light he had made In favor of
decency at Sacramento.
Senator Rowell was next called on and
made a brief speech telling of the contest
at Sacramento and explaining how the
battle In favor of principle was won. He
concluded by expressing his hearty ap
preciation of the reception tendered Mr.
Bard and concluded by introducing the
Senator.
"I am deeply touched," said. Mr. Bard,
"by this evidence of your good feeling
and confidence in me. I know that this
good feeling and confidence are at
tributable largely to your apprecia
tion of the character of my
friend and your friend, Dr. Rowell.
your- representative in the Senate.
I will not attempt to express my
self to-night. I am too much touched by
this demonstration. If my friend. Dr.
Rowell, has said to you of me that I am
a free man without entanglements of any
kind or of any character, no corporate
interests whatever, that I will, to the
best of my ability, attempt to discharge
the duties, great responsibility of the
office to which I have been elected, I
wish now here to say that I will confirm
all that he has said In my behalf and
that It will be my high ambition to carry
out and fulfill his and your expectations.
I desire to express In my feeble way my
appreciation of all this and to say that
I regard you as my friends, and . aa a
token of that! should like to grasp each
one of you by the hand and will attempt
to say. nothing. further."
A balf-hour- of handshaking followed.
Senator Bard- left • for Ventura shortly
afterward.
For Coast Defense.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday a reso
lution was passed to support tho bill now
before Congress for the reorganization of
the United States Consular service. Tha
bill provides for the appointment of for
eign representatives en the merit cys
tem. They must pass examinations as to
their qualifications In general, and knowl
edge of foreign languages, trade condi
tions of tho world, etc.. in particular.
The chamber also Indorsed the proposi
tion of several Eastern commercial bod
ies which are endeavoring to have tha
War Department increase the artillery
force for the coast defenses of tha United
States.
WATERLOGGED
WHILE ON HER
WAY UP RIVER
Robert and Jennie in
Trouble.
BURGLARS AT WORK ON FRONT
p
Movements of Transports — Steamer
Irrawaddy Having a Hard Time,
Narrow Escape of the Ship
Louis Walsh.
The ex-transport Zealandia waa towed
to Martinez yesterday. She will be "laid
up" there for a month or so and then will
come back to San Francisco to be docked
and got ready for the Nome trade.
For several weeks past it was thought
that the Zealandia would be sent to
Honolulu to relievo the glut of trade to
the Hawaiian Islands, but as the plague
is now almost stamped out the local
steamers can handle the business, so the
Zealandia will go into retirement until
the opening of the Nome trade.
She was towed to Martinez yesterday by
the tug's Sea King and Sea "Witch. Be
yond the Brothers the river schooner
Robert and Jennie was met In a water
logged condition. She had left San Fran
clsco with a load of lumber for Stockton,
but, drifting down on a hidden rock near
the brothers, she sprang a leak and be
came waterlogged. The tugs towing tha
ZeaJanUla. saw ncr signals of distress and,
altering their course, went alongside.
Ca.pta.ln Johnson of the schooner said ha
was In no immediate danger, so the tug 3
proceeded on their -way.
As soon as tho Zealandia was taken to
her anchorage the Sea Witch cast off and
went back to the assistance of the Robert
and Jennie. She waa picked up when her
decltload was awash and tho captain and
crew had taken to the rigging for safety.
Captain Dave Shaw o£ the Sea Witch
towed the derelict to the Mission flats.
where she was run ashore. Xo-day her
load of lumber will be unloaded, after
which she will go on the ways for an
overhauling.
One of the boldest attempts at burglary
ever made on the front was accomplished
ea-rly yesterday morning. The offices at
44 East street were entered and money
and goods stolen while n desperate effort
was made to break into the saloon, res
taurant and dry goods store on the
ground floor. Ifotfilng but the Iron door
and shutters on the ground floor saved
the place rrom being looted.
All the offices on the upper floor of the
building are being remodeled, and the
thieves evidently expected to find the
carpenters' tools there when they broke
In. Had they done so they would have
cut their way through the ceiling and
made a raid on the store below. In the-
Favorite saloon, run by J. H. Flathmann,
there Is a great play on the nlckel-ln-the
slot machines, and this seems to be the
objective point of the thieves. Failing to
break in through the ceiling-, they went
through the offices of Captain Cogan. who
is fitting out the bark Alaska for a trip
to Cape Nome; Captain Charles A. Mc-
Phee. the stevedore; B. -H. Tietjen, man
ager of. the tug Ida W, and Charles
Meyer, the tailor. Captain Cogan Is J2iX>
richer by leaving his gate unlocked. Ho
had two minutes to catch his boat and
ran for It, leaving tho Bafe Closed but not
locked.
The J t w e u es .f. f ? una v that way ana
passed it by with the comment that an
open safe never contained money In
Tietjen & MePhee's offce they If '$22 i£
cash and ? 2 50 in postage and revenue
Stamps; in Meyer's place they secured
two bolts of cicth and the.n thpy turned
their attention to the lower floor They
tore the woodwork away from the porch
of the Favorito saloon with a spade and
then forced an entrance throush tho
zinc lining around the sink. Crawling
through the hole, they found Iron doors
and Iron shutters barring the way and
failing to burst these open, they made
their escape. The Favorite is one of the
best patronized places on the front, and
had the burglars gained an entrance they
would have made a haul.
The transport Leelanaw loaded horses
and mules for Manila yesterday. She will
probably sail to-day. The St Paul
docked at Harrison street yesterday. She
will be fitted out for the Nome trade at
once. Tho transport Thomas Is coaling
and she will be ready to sail In a week.
The Sherman- was to sail to-morrow with
a general cargo and 400 casuals, but it will
be next week before she gets away.
The American steamer Irrawaddy
which put into the Bermudas for repairs'
lost her Jibboom, started her knight heads'
and sustained other damage during a
storm on January 25-6. At one time there
was twelve feet of water In the fore and
eight feet In the second hold. All hands
thought the steamer would go down.- so
there was general rejoicing when the Ber
mudas were reached. The Irrawaddy has
been rechrlstened the Chas. D. Lane and
HOW WHISKY
WAS DRUNK ON
THE MANAUENSE
Bad Day for Engineer
McDonald.
PROSECUTION HAS CLOSED
Assistant Engineer Walters Says the
Difficulty. Was Not Water Com
ing In, but How to Get
It Out.
The Investigation of the Manauense
matter proceeded before tho British Con
sul and his naval court yesterday as
far as the conclusion of the prosecution
and the start of the defense. The prose
cutlon finished its case rather unexpect
edly, too, for It was supposed there was a
long string of witnesses In its train. Ihe
defense proceeded as far as its third wit
ness. Assistant Engineer Walters. Wai
ters' testimony went Into all of tlia
charges, but it was most Interesting in Its
references to affairs In tha engineer's de
partment.
The mornlngr session was taken up main
ly with the amount of whisky an engineer
can drink and still run his engine prop
erly and look out for his flreroom fore^.
All the morning's testimony . and a. good
Eart of that of the afternoon waa alco
olic. C. G. Stlmpson, the Manila, agent
of the ship, told how ho had seen McDon
ald drunk twice while the Manauense waa
lying in Manila. He said he knew noth
ing about the condition of the ship, but
from what he saw of the engineer he did
not think him fit for duty.
A. Hart, a purser, was then called to
tell of the bibulous goings on aboard the
ship. He eaid McDonald's bill at the bar
for the trip out and back amounted to
$20. There was a bill for champagne of
$1.50 out of this, however, a email bottla
of the effervescent having 1 been opened by
the engineer on one occasion of Import
ance: and having: set apart this item, the
conclusion was arrived at that tho re
mainder of the bill was for red liquor.
The purser told further how on two oc
casions at least he had refused to sell
liquor to McDonald— once because McDon
ald was already drunk, and again when
he had been drinking. It waa a DOttH
McDonald wanted each time, and Hart
said he had given the engineer a urlnk
while he had refused to sell him a bottle.
Hart also told how McDonald used to get
liquor for his men in the engine room
when they ¦were working in the water
that had come in, but he remembered that
the men had been working in the -water
every time liquor was asked for for them.
John Johnson, the third officer, openei
the defense. He had never seen the en
gineer drunk, nor anything? like it, and
he said so In a somewhat hesitating way.
for although he is third officer of the ship.
he has hardly that rank In tho Queen 8
English. The prosecution, under crosa
examlnatlon, tried to show that the third
officer had been sent to his room because
ho was drunk at Manila, but they failed.
They also failed to show that the third
officer and the enßineer had ever nad a
drink together. Johnson testified that he
had held the ranK of first lieutenant in the
Norwegian navy.
The Missouri reached port Monday night and was at once placed In quarantine. Early yesterday she waa released,
and anchored off the Presidio wharf, where the sick soldiers will be landed. '.:.;:
she is Intended for the San Francisco-
Cape Nome trade.
The ship Louis Walsh had a narrow
escape from total- destruction In Oyster
Bay. She was helping to salve the careo
of the wrecked collier Miami, when she
broke adrift and went on the reef, bhe
was grot off the next day with the loss of
her anchor and seventy feet of chain.
United States Hospital Ship Missouri.
SIHPTON CREATED ASTONISHMENT
Told Town Trustee A. Sylva Last August That He Had
Performed the Ceremony.
WTmJB the attorneys representing Mrs. Craven's Interests are exceed
ingly reticent as regards what their next move in the celebrated
Craven-Fair litigation will be, it Is known from the statement of a
person who is in possession of many facts bearing on the case that
they Intend springing som« sensational testimony in proof of their contention
that their client Is the wife of the deceased James O. Fair. This person is
A- 9ylva, a Town Trustee of Sausalito, who bears witness that last year
Recorder &eorge W. Simpton of Sausalito stated that he had married the de
ceased Senator and Mrs. Craven In 1592 and had taken his affidavit to that
effect, which waa given Into the keeping- of Attorney W. W. Foote.
According to Sylva. Mrs. Craven's lawyers are in possession of leaves from
a. dozen hotel registers of various towns In the State in which Fair himself
b»d ma-dc the entry. "James O. Fair and wife," as well as the affidavits of
persons who saw Mrs. Craven with him at the- time these entries were made,
end are thus ready to testify that the word wife referred to Mrs. Craven. In
•onie way or other those who are contesting: Mrs. Craven's claim for a
widow's allowance from the Income of the estate have become aware of these
facets and are in consequence considerably exercised.
Early yesterday morning Recorder Simpton received a telephonic message
at Sausalito to come to this city. He took the 10:15 a. m. boat and when
h« reached Ban Francisco presumably met Mrs. Craven's legal advisers. He
did not return to Sausalito last evening-
After the last boat had left the Marln shore Trustee Sylva also received a
message' to come to this city. He took a launch and arriving at Clay-street
wharf disembarked and took a car uptown. Leaving the car in front of the
PaiTOtt building Sylva went to Charles Fair's office, where he was closeted
•with 6ev«ral persons until a late hour.
"Some- time last fall— l think It was In August or September— Judge- Simp
ton, one of Mrs. Craven's attorneys, and myself were engaged in conversa
tion at the Sausalito wharf." said Sylva, "when the question of the Craven-
Fair case came up. After we had talked about Its various aspects for a short
time Simpton said: 'If you will pay nothing about it I will tell you some
thing that will surprise you.' I promised, and he told me that he had married
Senator Fair and Mrs. Craven In 1532 and at their earnest request had kept
the affair a secret. He further said that a short time previous to our conver
sation he had mi«Je an affidavit that he had performed the ceremony, at the
recuest of Attorney W. W. Foote, and had given the aflldavlt into Foote' s
keeping. Simpton declared that he had never told this to anybody before
and asked me to cay nothing about It until It came out In court It U now
out. and I suppose th© oblig-atlon of secrecy imposed on me is no longer In
force.
"The attorney present at the time then said that Mrs. Craven's lawyers
were in possession of leaves taken from a dozen hotel registers throughout
the State, In which Fair had made the entry. 'James G. Fair and wife.' Affi
davits of certain persons who saw Mrs. Craven with him when these entries
were made, I was further told, are In the possession of Mrs. Craven's law-
The affidavit referred to by Sylva Is Known to be In existence and has been
seen by several persons. It is stated on the authority of a person who read
the document that it was not taken at the request of Attorney Foote, but that
Judge Simpton -went to the lawyer's office and voluntarily offered to make it.
Prior to that time he had refused to have anything to do with the case.
The affidavit is now in the possession of Attorney Lafe Pence and will be
produced la court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1900.
RIOT CLOSES A DAY OF
SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS
Mrs. Craven's Maintenance Suit
Sets Factions Battling.
Claimant Testifies That She Was Married
to Senator Fair by Judge Simpton
of Sausalito and Has Her Proofs.
J^^m BANK 'MB^'
WOMEN screaming with terror,
tha muffled Impact or swing
ing fists, the curses of men
and the warbling of police
¦whistles has thrown the
case by which Mrs. Nettle R,
Craven seeks to establish her contention
that she ie the widow of the late James
G. Fair into the circle of reigning sensa
tion*. It was thought that the case had
been thraehed out during the trial of ac
tions settled and grone, but Mrs. Craven's
statement on the stand yesterday that
her marriage to Senator Fair, by con
tract. had been subsequently ratified
through the performance of a. regular
ceremony, in which Judge G. W. Slmpton
or BauEallto officiated, threw the opposi
tion Into a condition approaching dismay.
A few minutes later the court ordered an
adjournment until this morning, as J. W.
Barling, a friend of the claimant and her
Attorneys, had been assaulted in the ro
tunda of the City Hall by two' private de
tectives and beaten into a. condition bor
dering on Insensibility. The assault on.
Mr. Barling was not unexpected by him
or his friends, but that it should come
Curing the period of a temporary recess
occasioned surprise, and the truth of the
tfsault expressions of regret and condem
nation.
At the opening session of the court Mrs.
Craven stated that ehe objected to the re
moval of her contract of marriage from
tbo court by the opposition, but she con
sented that the document be taken to the
etudip of Theodore Kytka that it might
be photographed for the benefit of the
defence. All parties In Interest adjourned
to Mr. Kytka's studio, the photographs
were taken, and at the opening of the af
ternoon session Mrs. Craven took the
stand. She testified that she had shown
the marriage contract she alleges bound
ber to Senator Kair. during decedent's
life time, to her friends Mrs. Purcell. Mrs,
Johnson, Daniel O'Connell, Judge Sullt-
Tan, L«e D. Craig, her daughter. Marga
ret Koehler. Mr. McArthur and others
¦whoBo names she was unable to recall at
the time. This contract was drawn up
ia Juno or 1822, and It was during a visit
to New York that she made its contents
known to her daughter. . In answer to
questions of Lafe Pence, who Is caring
tor her Interests, Mr 6. Craven further
testified that the marriage was subse
quently ratified by Senator Fair and ner
celf in the presence of Judge G. W. Simp
ton of Sauealito In the month of July, 1X92.
This evidence went before the court under
various objections, and a following ques
tion calling for Mrs. Craven's testimony
as to whether or not she occupied the
earne room with the deceased millionaire
on the night following the ratification of
the marriage resulted In a recess. Coun.
sel representing the Fair executors and
heirs objected on the ground that the fact
that they occupied the same room did not
establish the marriage, and. in order to
enable both Fides to present their views
on the issues established by this fact, the
court granted a recess. Mrs. Craven and
her daughter walked down the hail. Mr
Barling, accompanied by Mrs. Craven's
friend, Mrs. Ruggles. went to view the
rotunda. Both were standing near the
rail, when Mr. Barling saw that he was
being watched by t». J. Curtin, a nephew
of Captain Curtin of a local detective
agency. Barling turned toward Curtin
and In an Instant the fight was on. Young:
Curtln. with the assistance of another of
Curtin's men, jumped Barling. Half a
dozen blows were exchanged and Barling
fell. A few well directed kicks left him
prostrate and bleeding on the marble
floor.
Young Curtln and his confederates were
yet uneatlsfiea and they kept up the fight.
Mrs. Ruggles screamed for help and In
an instant almost a crowd ol men were
surging toward the scene of battle. An
unknown man broke through the door and
the crowd, fearing a gun fight, parted.
By tbls time Theodore Kytka, the hand
wrlting expert, was trying to pull Curtin
off his prostrate enemy. A. bystander
stepped in and In a minute Barling was
being: cared for by friends. Curtin and
his assistant were allowed to go. and they
rushed for freedom. Now above the din
was heard Attorney Fence's voice. "Why
don't you call your gang off?" he said.
addressing Attorney Heggerty, who is
representing Charles L. Kair. "I don't
Know who ia responsible for this," said
Heggerty. "Well, we will put you on
the stand and find out," answered Fence,
and the crowd then followed Barling into
the law library. Barling -was bleedlnj
and bruised and as he entered the library
he was met by Mrs. Koehler. "We can't
have a friend in the world," was all that
Mrs. Koehler said. Barling -was taken to
the hospital for treatment and then the
pursuit of his assailants began.
Theodore Kytka. with a cobble In hl3
hand, had followed -young- Curtln, and
they played a game of hide and seek until
Moe« Watacnberg of 1004 Golden. Gate
avenue got on the track of the fugitive,
whom he pointed out to Officer Joy, who
arrested him, and, with Detectives Wren
and Dinan, charged him with an assault
with intent to (Jo great bodily harm, A
short time later Captain Curtln appeared
on the Bcene. "It s a pity they didn't
kill him," said Captain Curtln: "he's been
hounding these young men for weeks
past." Curtln put up $100 for the release
at his nephew and they left the prison.
In the meantime Mrs. Craven had re
turned to court, but owing to the excite*
ment the court was of- the opinion that
a continuance would benefit all parties
and he ordered an adjournment until 11
o'clock this morning. Doubtless the cause
of the trouble will bo the subject of Ju
dicial Investigation and more injudicious
squabbling.
ADV^BTISEMENT3.
__ — M
n H R n n fl
C\ H U fcl y rn _ g^^ {Let *
We will place on sale this week
a splendid assortment of NEW
WASH DRESS FABRICS, loth
French and American manufacture,
In the collection are \
FRENCH PRINTED CHALLIES,
SILK- STRIPED TENNIS FLANNELS,
MERCERIZED COTTON FOULARDS.
IRISH AND SCOTCH PRINTED DIMITIES.
ENGLISH GALATEAS AND CHAMBRAYS,
COVERT CLOTHS AND CRASH SUITINGS,
FRENCH AND AMERICAN PRINTED OR-
GANDIES.
PRINTED PERCALES AND SATEENS.
SCOTCH ZEPHYRS AND GINGHAMS,
WHITE AND COLORED ENGLISH PIQUES,
JAPANESE WASH CREPES.
To our patrons residing outside of San
Francisco— Please write for samples of
above goods at once, while the assortment Is
complete.
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Dr. Parker's Coach Cure. On» doa* will «top
• cough. Nover f atu. Try. it. Ail dru«*l«t». •
Barrel Victim Identified.
The body of th« man who waa found
drowned in a water cask on Mission
street, near Third, -by Officer Sullivan on
last Monday, morning, was Identified *t
VIM
VIGOR
VITALITY
POWER
COURAGE
STRENGTH
AND HEALTH
FOR DEBILITATED MEN
NO INJURIOUS MEDICINES USED.
DOCTOR I
MEYERS & CO.
731
MARKET ST.
NO
PAY I
TILL
CURED. I
12