the westward of the Junction of the Tuge
la with its southern branch, the Little Tu
gela River. The road from Frere would
pass along the foot of a range of moun
tains on the right hand. British cavalry
scouts had, it was stated, some days pre
viously come . across parties of Boers at
Potgieters Drift and.it was ascertained
that. General Joubert. was making a for
tified position in the neighborhood.
When Buller- had gained the drift his
first' step was to inform himself as to the
locality, and strength of this position. It
was, he said, about four and a half miles
in the, front, away from the river and of
a Btrong character. Five days have
passed in deliberate preparation for con
tinuing the march to Dewdrop. Not only
has -the transport of the column to be
steadily brought up,- but relief supplies
for Ladysmith must' be close in the rear.
General -Warren's 'column, it is now
clear from the last dispatch : received. Is
that he had received information of tha
alleged Boer expedition in these seas he
made- a strong argument against: the pos
sibility of the expedition being in exist
ence ' ' :.'
ROBERTS REPORTS
REPULSE OF BOERS
LONDON, Jan.. 17.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts, dated . Cape ;Town, January 16,
evening: . , ; ,• ... .
"On the: 15th the Boers, made a deter
mined attack, on French's advance post,
held by the New Zealand Mounted Rifles
and a detachment of the First Yorkshires.
The Boers were repulsed, having twenty
killed. Their wounded are estimated at
not less than fifty." The attack was pre
ceded by a long range fire from "one gun.
Otherwise the situation Is unchanged."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— The amendments made yesterday by the Senate
Committee on Interoceanic Canals to the House Nlcaraguan canal bill have
been printed and circulated in the Senate. The amendments prove to be
more radical than at first announced by the members of the committee. The
language of the measure Is practically changed throughout and several of
the House provisions are entirely omitted.
The most important omissions are the provisions which are made In the
House bill for the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and for the pur
chase of existing concessions with Nicaragua and Costa Rica, the latter pro
vision In the House measure carrying an appropriation of J0.000,000. The
Senate bill also removes many of the limitations of the House bill as to the
persons to be employed in the proposed work. The provision for a commis
sion to act with the Secretary of War is eliminated.
The Senate committee also makes specific provision that the canal shall be
of sufficient size to accommodate vessels of the largest tonnage, and it in
creases the appropriation from $130,000,000 to 1140,000,000.
PALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Jan.
17. — The Call correspondent is Informed to-night by a member of the
L Foreign Affairs Committee of the Senate that an understanding exists be
tween the United States and Great Britain under which this Government
may proceed with the construction of the Nlcaraguan canal without ref
erence to the provisions of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. This statement cannot
be confirmed from an administration sodYce, but the probability of its correctness
is Indicated by the determination of Congress to press the bill authorizing the
building of the waterway and of the failure of the administration to push, nego
tiations for the abrogation of the Qlaytsn-Bulwer treaty, or to make any effort
to discountenance the activity of canal advocates.
There Is no doubt that since the negotiations for the abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty failed some months ago, and since the agitation for the con
struction of the canal has been taken up by Congress, a discussion, either offi
cial or unofficial, has occurred between the two governments respecting American
construction of the canal, and a member of the Foreign Relations Committee as
serted that he was satisfied Great Erltaln had given this country assurance that
it need not let the convention of 1850 stand In the way of action. It has been
known by the authorities for a year past that Great Britain was willing to abro
gate the convention on the condition that she received concessions in the Alaskan
boundary controversy. And It Is possible that if she has made the statement
credited to her she has coupled it with the understanding that her rights else
where *will receive consideration in return for her concession.
Under the Clayton-Bulwer treaty the United. States and Great Britain both
declared that they would not assume or exercise dominion over any part of Cen
tral America in connection with the construction of a canal or maintain exclusive
control over the waterway.
Representative Sulzer has prepared an amendment which he will offer to the
Nlcaraguan canal bill when it comes up in the House, requiring that American
labor be employed in connection with the construction of the canal. In explana
tion Sulzer said to-night:
"I favor digging, building and owning absolutely the Nacaragua canal by this
Government, and I want to see the United States go ahead at once without wait
ing for the consent of any other nation on earth. But the work should be done
by American workmen, and no laborer should receive less than $3 per day for
eight hours' •work.- There should be no padrone »ystem resorted to. It should be
work of American brain, brawn and genius, and every sanitary and healthful pre
caution should be taken in order to protect the health of the workingmen."
acting in co-operation with Buller's ad
vance guard by moving his division In
parallel line on the west.
While Buller's plan of operations has
been maturing General Buller, it may be
presumed, has been hurrying his com
mandoes from the center of his defensive
line of the Tugela to the extreme west.
Some' checks may have been caused by
the knowledge, that the British com
mander might at any moment make a
serious move from Colenso or farther
to the east at Pietermaritzburg or Wee
nan road to Ladysmith.
WARSHIPS TO ESCORT
THE MULE TRANSPORTS
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 17.— 1t is stated
here that there are British warships with
in easy reach of the Mississippi, assigned
to the duty of escorting the mule trans
ports when they. shall have been loaded
with animals from New Orleans for South
Africa. The presence of the warships in
the Gulf waters is said to have been
brought about by advices received at the
British War Office in London to the effect
that. two old hulks had been fitted out by
American sympathizers with the Boers
with the avowed Intention of capturing
and sinking the mule transports as soon
as they left the mouth of the river on
their voyage across the Atlantic. These
advices, it is said, were cabled from Lon
don to Captain Marsham, In charge of the
buying of mules in this country for th©
British army. Captain Marsham to-day
admitted that there were British war
ships within easy call of the river's
mouth, and while not absolutely denying
ALL THREE MEN SLAIN
BY COLONEL COLSON
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 17.— At the
Coroner's inquest all the eye-wltnesse3
of the tragedy yesterday in which three
men were killed testified that Demaree
was killed by Colson. Several witnesses
swore positively that Scott was not the
man who shot first, and described the
man who began the shooting as a tall,
handsome man. who used a long pistol.
This tallied with the description of Col
son and his revolver. •
The Coroner s Jury returned a verdict
to the effect that Scott. Julian and De
maree came to their deaths by pistol
shots fired by David G. Colson.
Captain B. B. Golden, who also was
shot by Colson, is very much improved
to-day and the physicians entertain a
hope of his recovery. Golden says that
he was hit by Colson's first shot and that
Demaree was killed by Colson's reckless
ness. Colson passed the night in Jail.
It ib regarded as fortunate that the af
fair had no relation to politics and that
both the principals and two of the dead
belonged to the same political party, so
that the trouble could not be traced to
politics by any sort of reasoning.- it is
believed the affair will have a terrorizing
and yet tranqullizing effect on everybody
The crowds in the city are smaller than
they were any day this week.
ALLEGED PROTEST OF
ENGLAND AND GERMANY
Washington Correspondent Declares
Both Nations Will Oppose the
Canal. *
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Washington says:
Both Great Britain and Germany have
formally served notice that they will pro
test against fortification of the Nicaragua
canal If that waterway be constructed by
tne American Government. These notices
have been filed during the last three days
orally by Embassadors Pauncefote and
Yon Holleben. They will be followed later
if necessary by formal or written protests.
It Is believed both France and Russia
and perhaps other maritime powers will
Join in the protest if the United States
persists in constructing the canal upon
the basis provided in the bill reported
from the House Committee on Interstate
and Foreign Commerce last Friday and
agreed to, with some amendments, by tho
Senate Committee oh Interoceanic Canal
yesterday.
Medals Presented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Jan. 17.— Medals provided
by the Native Sons were presented to tha
volunteers of the Spanish-American war
this . evening. A committee of Native
Daughters assisted the Native Sons in tha
ceremonies. A musical and literary pro
gramme was rendered and speeches were
made by A. W. North, G. V. Martin and
Ed E. Leake. V >. fc -
General \ Buller's movements to attack
on the west may lead to a counter attack
by the Boers on the east.
Nothing is moie probable than. that. any
Boers there may have been to the east
ward will by this time have been recalled
to Colenso as a center, or possibly fur
ther west, but however deserted Colenso
and Groblers Kloof may have appeared it
Is. absurd to suppose that it has been
evacuated. That their numbers have been
decreased to meet General Buller's ad
vance Is true, and it may -be- part of the
British plan for General Clery's division
to make a second attempt" to cross the
Tugela at this point simultaneously with
Buller's attack on the left.
From the time that the official dispatch
was published last Friday stating that
General Buller had that day seized a port
at Potgieters Drift on the Tugela .River
the censorship has been so strictly main
tained that nothing but mere conjecture
was possible on the course of events. Now
the first real glimpse is afforded of the
week's campaign for the relief of Lady
smith.
When Sir George "White heliographed
that he was "hard pressed" during, the
desperate assault of the Boers on Caesar's
camp last Saturday week, January 5, Bul
ler promptly sent Clery's division down to
the river front at Colenso. His dispatch
said he had sent forward "every available
man," from which it could be inferred
that the bulk of his troops were behind
Chieveley, at Frere, and again behind
that camp at Estcourt. Clery reported
that ho found the trenches full of Boers
in a fortified position, doubly strengthened
since Buller's disastrous repulse of De
cember 14. He did not attempt anything
further than a reconnoissance, his orders
probably being to content himself with a
feint in order to occupy the attention of
the Boers at that point.
Buller himself was hardly prepared for
the advance, which he was contemplating
on an elaborate scale and a strategical
scheme of outflanking his opponent. The
reinforcements he had received since.'he
fell back from Colenso must have' placed
him In command of more than 30,000 men.
General Sir Charles Warren had Joined
him. an officer whose Griqual and expedi
tion years ago earned for him a reputation
of being able to outmaneuver the Boers
in their own peculiar style of fighting and
on their own ground. From Estcourt War
ren was in a position to Btart on a" long
flanking movement, either to the east by
Weenan or to the west by. Bethany, mak
ing a semicircle to Ladysmith. Buller.
with his headquarters at Frere^ could
make an Inner movement, choosing his
point cf crossing the Tugela either direct
ly in front or by turning movements. on
either side. He chose the left, or. west
ward, route and. keeping his plans secret,
was able to announce the first successful
step of his advance in his dispatch 'from
Potgleter* Drift. This ford Is a little" to
WHY WHEELER
HAS RESIGNED
Given No Active Service
by Otis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.—
No doubt exists In the minds of friends of
Brigadier General Joseph E. Wheeler that
his return from the Philippines in com
pliance with his own request Is due to the
failure St General Otis to give him active
service in the field.
In certain quarters an effort is made to
attribute General Wheeler's return to In
ability to stand the climate and to his
age. In refutation of the former his
friends point to a statement he made after
visiting the American lines:
"The impression that the country is un
healthy Is wrong."
Regarding his age it Is pointed out that
he is only about a year older than General
Otis.
Friends of General Wheeler assert that
politics Is responsible for his failure to re
ceive proper recognition In the Philip
pines. They believe the politics originated
in Washington. Orders to General
Wheeler to return were cabled about a
week ago. War Department officials will
not admit that the general has resigned
and say they expect if he contemplates
tendering his resignation he will do so in
person.
Under the decision of the Judiciary Com
mittee of the House, submitted at the
last session. General Wheeler will have
to stand for a new election in case he de
sires to resume his Congressional career.
He has not resigned his seat, but it Is con
sidered vacant.
The following cablegrams were received
by the War Department from General
Otis to-day:
MANILA. Jan. 17.— Schwan's troops independ
ent of Batangaa province, about to move east
ward into provinces of Tayabas and Lajruna.
Wheaton moving on Lemerk and Taai, and has
navy co-operating. Casualties slight; Insur
gent loss considerable in men and property, as
they keep up constant opposition. Expedition
under Kobbe leaves for hemp ports to-nisrht.
General Hushes absent on western coast
Panay policing that section. A band of eighty
six Tasaloa which landed at Nesros In De
cember, was struck by Byrne • In the Nejsros
mountains. Byrne's force killed nineteen and
captured twenty-eißht rifles and ammunition.
No American casualties. Troops in Northern
Luzon are pursuing robber bands with «rood
results. OTIS.
FOUR MURDERED
IN THE KLONDIKE
Rolph-O'Brien Arrested
on Suspicion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. 17.— Passengers reach-
Ing here to-night on the steamer City of
Topeka who are Just out from Dawsnn
report that four foul murders were com
mitted on Christmas day at a point near
Mlnto. The victims are: Fred H. Clayson.
clothing merchant of Skaguay and son of
E. Clayson of Seattle: Olson, a lineman
In the telegraph service of the mounted
police at Tagish, and two men en route
from Dawson, their names being tin
known as yet. A man giving his name as
Rolph or O'Brien Is under arrest at Tag
l3h, while the mounted police are scour-
Ing the country for two or three others
who are believed to be Implicated in tho
murders, although Colonel Walsh states
that some of the murderers may have
escaped to the States.
A. R. Gibson, who is just out from Daw
son states that Clayson left Dawson De
cember 17 with nearly $30<X> in cash and
drafts, while the others had several thou
sand dollars. Olson reached Selkirk De
cember 24, the same day Clayson arrived.
Richardson, the mall contractor, joined
them, and together the three journeyed
twenty-eight miles to Minto, where they
had a Christmas dinner. At this time two
Klomllkers. known to Clayson. arrived,
and that afternoon in company with Clay
son and Olson the four set out for Skag
uay. Word had gone on before of their
coming, and when they failed to arrive at
the next station of Hootchiko Inquiry be
gan to be made. Within a few days a
general alarm was sent out.
A few miles from Mlnto Rolph waa
found and his actions were such as to
cause suspicion, and a few days later his
arrest. He had considerable money and
drafts in his possession, which he could
not satisfactorily explain, and to vartou*
people gave contradictory statements, ai
to his previous movements and destina
tion. The police feel certain that he is
one of the murderers and that he had two
or three accomplices. More definite new*
is expected on the steamer City of Seattle
British Commanders
Are Expected to
Profit by the Recent
Defeat at Colenso
and Attack Without
Delay.
¦
Therefore, Before Many
Hours News May Be
Received of a Great
Battle, in "Which at Least
Forty Thousand Troops
Are Engaged.
?
rSj«><-l«.t Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. l»'», by James Gordon Bennett. Re
put: 1 . ¦ r. of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United Stites and ,
Great Britain. J
LONDON, Jan. 18.— The
special correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph sends
this dispatch:
SPURNANS FARM, NA
TAL, Wednesday, Tan. 17, 9:20
p. m. — I am permitted to wire
that General Lyttelton yester
day afternoon ferried and forded
Fotgieters Drift and seized with
little opposition a line of low
ridges a mile therefrom.
During the night a howitzer
battery was carried across, and
to-day from Mount Alice, near
Swartz Kop. naval guns and
howitzers shelled effectively the
Boer position, which is a strong
one.
General Sir Charles Warren
also to-day crossed the Tugela,
six miles farther to the west,
near Wagon Drift, with a force
of all arms, in the face of a hot
and heavy fire from the Boer
cannon and rifles. He has ef
fected a most satisfactory lodg
ment two miles inland toward
Spion Kop.
This dispatch from its special
correspondent is published by
the Daily Mail:
P I E T E RMARITZBURG,
NATAL. Wednesday, Jan. 17.
— Xews has been received here
that General Buller is making
satisfactory progress. No par
ticulars have yet been permitted
to transpire here.
Fper!sJ Cable to The Call and New fork Her
nid. Copyrighted. 1900. by James Gordon
nennett. i
LONDON, Jan. 15.— At last the mys
tery of General Buller's movements J
Is solved. At 2 o'clock this morn- j
Irq a special cable to the Dally !
Telegraph from its war correspond
ent. Mr. Benr.et Burleigh. with the Lady
pmith relief force, was received In Lon
don, giving the important news that both
Buller and Warren have crossed the
Tugela. between Potgieters Drift and
Wagon Drift and have seized a strong po
rition from a mile to two miles to the
north of the river bank. General War
ren. It appears, fought his way across
against a heavy fire.
This is the news that all Great Britain
has been waiting for since last Thursday.
Last night there was evident expectation
That news of importance would come to
relieve the suspense. A great crowd gath
ered at the war office. The Duke of Nor
folk was among those who at half-past
eleven awaited the issuing of a final bulle
tin for the night. At twenty-five minutes
to twelve it was announced that there
was no news for publication, with which
unsatisfactory announcement the anxious
r.ation was forced to go to bed.
This Important news bears out what I
cabled resterday as to the probable plan
of General Butter's campaign. He is
pushing ahead on his left, where he has
Ftrength. It dots not follow that he will
entangle his cavalry and light artlllery
among the upper foothills of the Drakens
btxrg range, in which he will operate.
Thej=e forces may be, and probably are
far away on the right. In fact, it was
stated Tuesday morning that a large col
umn had been pent down to Durban and
were going thence into Zululand for the
purpose of working around on the ex
treme eastern flank and heading for the
Utrecht and Vryheld districts. Unless
they ran cut lr« on the Transvaal com
munications they will find themselves at
or near the Ladysmith and Newcastle
railway. '.
From the Telegraph's dispatch It is evi
dent that General Buller has a strong
force of Boers in front of him. As Gen
eral Littleton's brigade crossed on Tues
day and General Warren's column yester
day, and the shelling of the Boer posi
tion bepan Immediately,' it is quite proba
ble that a great battle will be fought to
day, or perhaps has already started, for
General Culler Is not the man, after the
lesson learned at Colenso, to give the
Boers any more time than he Is com
pelled to do, by reason of the condition of
n!« own men, to hurry reinforcements
across the country to the threatened posi
tion. We may therefore hear before many
hours of the result of this battle, In which
not less than 40,000 men will be engaged.
Boers Do Not Make Much Resistance and Are Said to Have
Been Caught Napping, but It Re-mains to Be Seen
Whether Buller's Forward Movement Will Be Sue-
X s "1 acting In co-operation with Buller's ad- •
eessiui. . his division in
BRITISH RELIEF FORCES GROSS
THE TUGELA ON WAY TO LADYSMITH
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 190). by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publlcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
AH rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON, Jan. 18.— This
dispatch from its special
correspondent is published
in the Daily Mail:
SPURNANS FARM, Wed
nesday, % Jan. 17. — After four
days' rest on the south side of
the Tugela our advance north
ward began yesterday. Lyttel
ton's brigade crossed Potgieters
Drift last evening and took the
kopjes on our right.
Warren's division to-day
made an attack on the enemy's
left flank, crossing the river.
Last Thursday Lord Dundon
ald, with his mounted brigade,
seized Springfield bridge by a
quick march *and occupied a
strong position on the hill com
manding the drift.
The Boers were caught nap
ping and unprepared for the
British advance. Some of them
were bathing in the river.
The ferry-boat at Potgieters
Drift was on the further bank of
the Tugela. Lieutenant Carlyle
and sonic men of the South Af
rican Light Horse swam across
and brought it back.
General Lyttelton's brigade
was then sent to hold a position
on the hill commanding the
drift. ..;..,:...,. ;... -
DEMONSTRATION ON
THE MODDER RIVER
MODDER RIVER, Cnpe Colony, Jan.
17.— There was a demonstration in force
under General Methuen yesterday, a di
vision being engaged, with the object of
ascertaining the strength and disposition
of the Boer force and also In order to try
to draw the Boers from Kimberley, where
lately they have been active.
The British discovered the Boers In
great force, being reinforced from the di
rection of Jacobsdal. At 4:30 the artillery
opened fire, the shells dropping in the
Boer entrenchments with great precision.
The attr.ck was directed against the Boer
left. The firing continued until sunset,
mostly with artillery, although the guards
on the right fired some long-range vol
leys. The Boers reserved their fire until
the British were returning to the camp
In the darkness, when six shells followed
them. There were no casualties among
the British troops.
HOW FOREIGNERS ,
REACH THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON. Jan. 18.— A correspondent of
the; Dally Mall at Lourenzo Marquez
says:
"Numerous foreigners arrive here In
French vessels. They enter In a station
outside the town and leave at a station
before the Transvaal is reached. Then
they walk across the border and rejoin
the train. Hundreds have passed through
In that way since the outbreak of war."
DEPARTURE OF THE
SECOND CONTINGENT
SYDNEY, Jan. 17.— The departure of the
second Australian contingent for South
Africa to-day took place amid unprece
dented scenes. The streets were decorated
and thronged with crowds, of demonstra
tors. , Outside the United States consulate
was a streamer bearing the words,
"America wishes Australia's patriots god
speed." . .
SHELLS FIRED INTO
THE WOMEN'S LAAGER
LONDON, Jan. 17.— The following dis
patch has been received from Mafeking
under date of January 3;
The enemy began a renewed and vigor
ous attack on Mafeking on January 1 and
deliberately fired six nine-pounder shells
Into the women's laager, killing a little
girl and wounding two children. Th©
strategical position Is unchanged.
BOERS BOMBARDED
WITH CAPTURED GUN
RENSBERG, Cape Colony, Tuesday,
Jan. 16.— The Boers opened an artillery
duel this morning, using a captured B.rit
ish 15-pounder, which the British gunners
ultimately silenced. The British kept up
a searching fire all day long on the Boer
kopjes and also dragged up another gun
to the summit of Koleskop.
COLONEL PLUMMER'S MARCH.
LOtIRENZO MARQUEZ, Monday, Jan.
15.— A dispatch by way of Beira, dated
Thursday, January 11. announces that
Colonel. Plummer has arrived near
Mochudi, about 100 miles north of Mafe
king, with' a portion of his forces from
tuii. ? :^/i
MUST REMOVE WOMEN.
STERKSTROOM. Wednesday, Jan. 17.—
General Gatacre has warned the Boer
commandant that If the women are not
removed they must take their chances
of being shot in the event of an attack.
All Is quiet here.
ENGLAND WILL
NOT BLOCK THE
CANAL PROJECT
Secret Agreement Said to Have
Been Reached by British and
American Governments.
In Return for Concessions in Alaska or Else
where Salisbury Will Not Demand Observ
ance of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 49.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.John Stevenson Dying.
Special Ditpatch to The Call. v-
MARTSVILLE, Jan. 17.— John Steven
son, a pioneer "resldeht of Yuba County:
is dying at his home in this city as the
result of a stroke "of cerebral apoplexy
early this morning. The right side is com
pletely paralyzed and the doctors say
there is a blood clot on the brain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of tr.e Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
AH Other Treatments Failei
to Even Help.
. There han been dlsrovered by the State
Jledlfal Institute. 203 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever beard of. It has cured all such In-
dication* as mucous patches in the mouth.
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
' ulcerationn on the body and in hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole ckln was a macs of bolls
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body into a
. clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running into Fort Wayne brings
•cores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize »hat a truly marvelous work the ln-
, ctltute is accomplishing they will Bend free to
every ruSerer a free trial treatment «o thai
every one can cure themselves in the»prfvaey
cf their own home. This Is the only known
• cure for Uiood Poison. Do not heeltate to
write at one* and the free trial Wili U> *ent
aealea m plain' package. . . -
With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis-
key is a very popular drink.
j S/ "WTiite's staff, was wounded in
tho Boer assault' of the 6th inst.
and. died on the 12th. .'¦ j
. .-VISCOUNT BELGRAVE, who
by tho death of the late Duke of
Westminster succeeds to that title
and the vast property (nearly
$200.000 .000), is now serving on the
staff of Sir Alfred Milner at Cape
Town, where he proposes for the
present to remain.
the meeting were, adopted andtcoples sent
to President McKinley, President Kruger,
President Steyn, Dr. Leyds and Joseph
Chamberlain.
The resolutions declare:
"That in the name of liberty, sacred
always on tho soil of Massachusetts, we
condemn and denounce the action of Eng
land—the bully among the . nations— fresh
from the international peace conference
at The Hague, in arrogantly attacking the
sovereign rights of a free people and at
tempting to enslave them.
"That while we hope every moral sup
port possible will be afforded by the peo
ple of, f ree .America to their brethren of
the South African republics in their
heroic struggle, we urge' upon President
McKinley and his Cabinet the necessity
for the strictest construction of the neu
trality laws against England, so that the
power of the American republic may not
even by silence, which may be misrepre
sented or misunderstood, be thrown Into
the scale against the people of our sister
republics in South Africa.
"That as American citizens we protest
the seizure in the most arrogant manner
of American goods by English warships
and call upon our Government to secure
prompt and ample reparation for such
high-handed action."
¦ • ¦¦ . ¦ ¦
GERMANY RECEIVES
GREAT BRITAIN'S REPLY
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted; 1900. by James Gordon
Bennett.
BERLIN, Jan. IT.— The English answer
to the German note regarding the seizure
of German steamers has at last arrived.
Th» Tageblatt states In regard to this
that in view of the Impending Interpella
tion in the Reichstag, England has at the
last; moment beaten a retreat.
OFF FOB THE WAR.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The steamship
St. Paul, which sailed for Southampton
to-day,, had on- hoard a number of men
who are err route to' South Africa to do
some fighting. Among' them was F. R.
Burnham, a scout who has seen much ser
vice in the Ehglish army. ' Mr. Burnham
was with Lord Roberts when the latter
was serving in India, but has since been
in Alaska. Captain R. E. Harris and his.
son Felix from San Antonio said they
were going all the way to Africa, "to get
in the war." They would not say which
side they were going to fight against,
which might Interfere with their going to
South Africa-
SOLOMON WAS HOOTED.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph, tele
graphing January 16, Bays:
"Attorney General Solomon, who went
to meet Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchen
er, Informed his colleagues In the Cape
Cabinet v that If none of them went he
would not refrain from going. All de
clined. Mr. Schreiner, the Premier, sent
his secretary. Mr. Solomon was hooted
by the -crowd, but his action is now ap
proved. Lords Roberts : and Kitchener
have taken buildings for permanent of
fices.
Smallpox Among Boers.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— The Durban corre
spondent "of the Standard, • telegraphing
Tuesday, says: "The Government, has
cancelled the orders calling out the" rifle
associations for active - servioe.- It is re
ported that smallpox has broken out in
the Boer camps in Natal."
LIEUTENANT COLONEL P.
W. KITCHENER (brother of the
Sirdar) of the Second West York
shires, the Prince of Wales' Own,
who commanded a column in the
night attack on the Boers at Wil
low Grange when his own battalion
and the East Surrey are said to
have fought fiercely with each
other in the darkness, killing and
wounding a number of men.
CAPTAIN W. B. LAFONE,
First Devonshire Regiment, was
wounded in the charge at Elands
Laagte October 21, and on recov
ering rejoined, his command and
met his death in the desperate as-,
sault on Ladysmlth January 6.
1 MAJOR- KARRr-DAVIS, • com
manding the Imperial Light'
Horse since the death of Colonel
Scott Chishohn, was wounded in
the Boer assault on Ladysmlth
January 6.
THE EARL'OF AVA, eon of trie
Marquis of Dufferin and Ava,
lately acting on General Sir George
Black Watch charged and the Gortons and
the Seaforths with a yell that stirred the
British camp below rushed onward—onward to
death or disaster. These accursed wires caught
them round the legs until they floundered ltke
trapped wolves and all the time -the rifles of
the foe sang the song of death In their ears.
Then they fell- back, broken ' and bleeding,
leaving , nearly 1300 *. dead and wounded Just
where th«" broad breast of the grassy veldt
melts Into the embrace of the rugged African
hills, and an hour later the dawn came of the
dreariest' day that Scotland has known for a
generation past. Of her offioers, the flower of
her chivalry, the pride of her breeding, but
few remained to tell the tola— a sad tale, truly,
but . one, untainted, with dishonor or smirched
with. disgrace, for up those heights under sim
ilar circumstances even • a brigade of devils
could scarce have hoped to. pass. All that mor
tal man could do the Scots did. They tried,
they failed; they. fell and there Is nothing left
us now but to move In and avenge.
All that.fateful day our men lay closa to tha
Boer, lines' under a biasing, sun. Over their
heads the shots of friends and foes passed with
out ceasing. All day .long the battle raged.
Scarcely could we see the foe— all that met our
pyey was ' the rocky heights that spoke with
tongue of flame whenever our troops drew near.
Once, our guards made a brilliant dash at the
trenches' and like a torrent their resistless
valor bore all before them . and for a" few brief
moments they got within hitting distance of
the foe. Veil did th'ey, avenge the slaughter
of . the Scots, • the ' bayonets, like tongues jof
flame, passed above or below the rifles' guard
and swept' through brisket and .breast bone.
Out. of -their trenches the guardsmen tossed
the Boerfi, ' as men •In English harvest fields
toss the hay ,when the reapers' »cythes have
whitened the corn ', fields, and the human
streams were plentiful where the British
guardsmen stood, j Then they fell back, for "the
fire from the heights above them fell thick
as the spume on the surf on ths Australian
rock-ribbed coast.. The Guards bad proved to
the Boers that, man to man, the Briton was
bis master. .".;•'
In vain all that day Methuen tried by every
rule he knew, to draw th» enemy; vainly the
Lancers rode recklessly to induce those human
rock limpets to i come out and cut them off.
Cronje knew the mettle of our men and an
ironic laugh played around 'his Iron mouth,
and still he stayed within his native fastnesses;
but death ; sat ¦ ever at his elbow, for our gun
ners dropped the' lyddite shells and the howl-
Ing shrapnel all along his lines, until the
trenches ran blood, and many of his guns were
silenced. In the valley : behind his outer line
of hills his dead lay piled in hundreds and the
slope of the hill was a charnel house where
the wounded all writhed amid the masses of
the dead, a ghastly tribute to British gun
nery. "When, at 1:20 p. m. on Tuesday, we drew
off to Modder River to report, we left nearly
3000 dead and wounded of grim old Cronje' s
men as a token that the lion of Briton had
bared his teeth In earnest.
The last mails from the Cape brought
numerous accounts of -Magersfontein> but
none bo vivid as this. Julian Ralph, in
the Daily Mail, very bluntly writes of
the Highlanders after the first volley from
the hidden trenches:
They turned and' ran. literally colliding and
climbing over one another in their confusion.
A chaplain forward In the ranks was knocked
down and trampled, as brave a man as any,
yet one who declared that there lived no. man
who would have behaved differently. It Has
been as if the earth had opened; and from a
cleft that ran as far as our men reached, fire
had belched and shot swept the veldt. The
fever of fright lasted only while the men ran
200 yards, and they regained some measure
of order.
BOSTON'S PEOPLE
ARE WITH THE BOERS
BOSTON, Jan., 17.— A large and demon
strative mass meeting to express sym
pathy with the Boera waa held to-night
in.Faoeu.il Hall. George F.Hollis... ex-
United States Consul at Pretoria, and
George Fred Williams, were the principal
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call,sl.ooper Yea?
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try It. Ail druggists. •
Safe letter delivery f6i*Nom«. via St. Michael,
starting Jan. 25, via Kodlak: limit >* oz.; 15 per
letter. Moans & KjUtenbach, 29 Market »U •
PAIN IN BACK.
• - » - ¦ . Mr
ill li .^Ef^E?^JpMP>y??flrZs)£^lJili'lßM ""* '
Is positively and permanently relieved by the
great Hudyan. There are .everal wndHionl
that create pain In small of back, but Hudyaa
reaches all these conditions, which makM
HUDYAN' a specific for pain in back? makM
One of the first warnings of kldnev dlsraw f«
pain in the back (Fig. 6)* Other symptoms arl
Headache (Fig. 1). fale or Sallow Complexion
i£!*' ft ¥*?? Tongue and Clammy Mouth
(Fig 8). Palpitation of the Heart (Fie «)
Impa red Digestion (Fig. 5). [ Again, we have
emaciation, weakness and excessive thirst
HUDYAN reaches all these symptomi; It
goes to the bottom of the evil and exe?£ i£
curative influence there. "
HUDYAN reaches Fig. l because It relieve* '
the presence of blood in braln-Flg. 2 because
It enriches the blood In red blood-cells-FUr 3
because It corrects all faults of digestion— Fig
4 %f aUB , e >£. qq t Ule & th « "« v «« that control the
action of heart— Fig. 5 because It acts upon the
& U Vk£? B tha A fU^ nlsh the °'K«tlve flulda-
kllneSi yS the lnflam ni*«oa of
. " . Hudyan curea all
'" «,„«.. — . ' ' — <" weakness of kidneys.
MEN AND Hudyan strengthens
WOMEN these organs and
ADVISED stimulates them to
FREE. perfect activity. Hud-
Call or Write yßn reconstructs the
or write. broken-down kidney
structure. Hudyan
? , cures are permanent.
• Hudyan is for Bale by druggists— 6oc a pack-
age, or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan. send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts.,- San Francisco, Cal.
T CONSULT "t- CoB S«lt ; Free the
I FREE. I Hadyan Doctors. Call
-?. ".#. or write to them.
THE QUEEN OF LAUNDRESSES
Is a title longed for by the Parisian}
Blanchlsseuse. But our aim and ambi-
tion la to do better work than any othe»
laundry in San Francisco, and we be-
lieve we have succeeded. The color and
finish of our work la marvelous, and tha
manner In which we smooth the edgres
of your collars and cuffs makes tha
wearing of them a luxury.
United States Laundry. Offlos
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office, 514 Eleventh St
Dwelling-House Burned.
HALFMOON BAY, Jan. 17. -A defective
fluo caused a fire at the residence of Dan
iel Martin to-day and the entire building
and its contents were destroyed. The loss
will be about $1500, partly covered by in
surance.
Phroso is the best face lotion on the market.
Sold by all druggists. •
PLEADS SELF-DEFENSE.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 17.— Walter Thomp
son, who shot W. B. McLevin, his brother
in-law, near Boulder Creek, was lodged in
Jail to-day. Thompson, who Is 20 ye«»rs
old, claims he fired in self-defense. 11 c-
Levin made threats against his wife, who
is Thompson's sister, and, believing he
would carry them into execution, shot
him.
The trouble originated over Mrs. Jlc-
Levin's desiring' to go to a dance In the
neighborhood against her husband's
wishes. She went and McLevin became
Intoxicated and threatened the family. A
warrant for his arrest for disturbing the
peace was procured, but he could not be
found, as he disappeared soon after he
had threatened his family and was not
seen again until yesterday afternoon.
Strictly fresh larjre fancy e*i?!i. d!r»ct fron*
the ranch; none better on sale anywher* or at
any price.
2f5 CENTS *
You would do well to look in on us when iup-
plylng your general warts.
CASH STORE
The criminal reliable and largest mall order
bouse. Ask for Catalogues, free.
25-27 Market St., near the Ferry*
JOE PETE SURRENDERS
Willing to Stand Trial for the Murder
. of William Dangberg.
Special Dipjjatch to The Call.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 17.— Early this
morning Joe Pete, the Indian who mur
dered William Dangberg last September
at Gardnerville, surrendered to William
Johnson and Is confined In the County
Jail In this city. Rewards amounting $llw>
were offered for his capture.
The Indian surrendered under the stipu
lation that part of the reward money be
used for his defense. After the murder of
young Dangberg Pete took to the
mountains, where he has received assist
ance from tribesmen. Last week a posse
of thirty men attempted to capture him
but failed. Attorney Woodburn made ar
rangements for Pete's surrender, as the
Indian could have killed many men In
the attempt to capture him. Pete had
abandoned his rifle and had only, a re
volver. He was tired out and had been
hounded nearly to death. Since the shoot-
Ing Pete has been, he says, ranging be
tween Marklerllle and Antelope. Con
stable Crawford of the latter place has
been looKing for him for several months
and Pete says Crawford nearly overtook
him three or four times. He says they
were very close together anfl while Craw
ford did not see him Pete had the Con
stable covered through the sights of his
rifle and would probably have shot him
had he been discovered.
SENATE TAKES UP
FLOOR SEIZURES
Requests the President
for Information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— An agreement
was easily reached in the Senate to-day
to take the final vote on the pending bill
fixing gold as the standard of value in
the United States on February 15.
After several days of debate the drag
net resolution regarding the conduct of
the Philippine war was adopted. It was
introduced by Hoar of Massachusetts and
practically adopted as a substitute for
resolutions offered by Pettigrew and
Lodge. Beyond a vigorous speech by
Pettigrew, the resolution aroused no de
biite. as it is within the discretion of the
President to send or not send any of the
information required.
The resolution offered by Hale of Maine
as to the seizure of flour by the British
authorities was adopted, but only after a
spirited debate a:;< 3 after the resolution
had t«»en materially amended. Davis.
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Rolatir.ns, made a sharp attack upon the
resolution, but withdrew his objections
.after it had been amended. The reso
lution, as it passed the Senate, reads:
Whereas. It is alleged that property of the
United States, not contraband tit war. has
lately been seized by th» military authorities
of Great Britain in and near I>elairoa Bay.
South Africa, without good reason f<T the Fame
and contrary to thf accepted principle* cf in
ternational law; and
Whereas. It !s SLUeped that the said property
is now unjustly detained by th» military au
thorities of Great Britain, in disreeard of the
ripbtE of the owners of the sarrie; it "is, there
fore.
Uecolvpii. By the Prr.ate of the United States,
that the President Fhall l>e re<jue?ted to send to
th«" Fenate. if In hi* opinion it Is not incom
patible -with the interests of the I'nlted States,
all inf<--rTr.ation In j)uss<?E6icrn of the State De
jiartmfin relating to said seizure and detention,
ejni also to ir.form the Senate what steps have
been takf-n In re^u»>sUni the restoration of
property taken and detained as aforesaid.
Teller. Silver Republican of Colorado,
addressed the Senate upon the financial
bill and will continue his speech to-mor
row.
WARNING ON GAGE
Eulzer of New York Refuses to Be
Suppressed.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.-The House
had another inning to-day over the sale
of the New York Custom-house by Sec
rotary Gage. Sulztr of New York, the
author of the resolution for the investi
gation of Socrr-tary Gage's transaction
with the New York bar.ks. started the ball
rolling by charging that the mandate had
alrr-ady gone forth to suppress it. Sibley,
a Pennsylvania Df-mocrat, formerly .a
radical advocate of free silver, who Is now
out of sympathy with the Democrats in
the Housr-, warmly- commended Gage's
course. These two speeches precipitated
a dflwte which lasted almost three hours.
Grosvenor of Ohio explained that the
Committee on Rules, to which the Sulzer
resolution had gone, had not acted be
cause no evidence had been produced be
fore the committee to warrant the order
ing of such a far-reaching investigation.
Hepburn <R.) of lowa assailed Sulzer for
some of his extravagant statements, and
declared there ought to be some way to
rebuke a member for slandering honored
officials.
Later in the day, during the discussion
of the appropriation for the army. Can
non, In cnarpe of the bill, challenged any
member to move to strike it out.
Williams (D.) of Mississippi replied to
Cannon in an eloquent speech, in which
he affirmed the loyalty of every American
citizen to the fiag and charged Cannon
with shrewdly issuing a challenge that
he knew would not be accepted.
The urgent deficiency bill was passed
with only one unimportant amendment.
Over Fifty Explosion Victims.
TXJRIX, Jan. 37.— It is announced th*t
thirteen persons altogether were killed
and forty others Injured by the explosion
yesterday of dynamite at Avigliano, four
teen miles from here.
SAW CLARK'S MAN
DISTRIBUTE COIN
Sensational Story of a
Witness.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— William C.
Cook and William F. Rector were before
the Senate Committee on Privileges and
Elections in the Clark investigation to
day. Cook is an official connected with
the Thomas Cruse Savings Bank of
Helena, and his testimony related solely
to the deposit of money in the bank by
persons who were regarded as representa
tives of Clark in his contest for the Sen
ate.
Rector proved to be a somewhat irre
pressible witness, volunteering more in
formation than he was asked for. He thus
brought the Lt-wis and Clark County
Grand Jury investigation into the com
mittee Inquiry, contrary to the intentions
of the committee, which was not to take
it up at all. The intrusion of the matter
caused the defense, to raise the point as
to whether the charges in connection with
the Grand Jury should be entered .upon,
ana the committee axljounied until Friday
next without deciding it. To take up that
phase of the question would materially
extend the inquiry.
At the outset henator Fauikner said in
behalf of Clark tbaj. the letters written to
him during und since the session of the
L-egislutuie by Dr. Ector had been found
in liutte and were on their way to Wash
ington. ¦
The iirst witness to-day was Cook, who
was questioned concerning the accounts
of A. J. Davidson and Hon. J. K. Toole
with the Thomas Cruse Savings Bank.
Davidson's account was opened on Sep
tember b, 1S&, and closed on February D,
l£&i<. Davidson was considered a repre
sentative of Clark in the Senatorial cam
paign, and the effort was to show that
Clark's money was being used. Cook said
that from firet to last $21,800 was deposited
in Davidson'E name, and $13,000 of this
amount came into the bank in the shape
of a draft from the bank of Clark &
Brother, Butte, and $3800 on a telegraphic
order of transfer from that bank. He said
the money was all checked out, but he
could not remember to whom any of the
checks were made payable, in the case of
Toole there was an effort to connect hla
withdrawal from the Senatorial contest
with Clark's name, but Cook said he knew
nothing about politics.
Cook had no recollection of any unusual
number of $1000 bills in circulation in
Helena during the winter of IS9B-99. when
the Senatorial contest was on. The der
posit slips in Toole's name showed de
posits in currency amounting to $8763 from
November 3. 18!>S, to July 31, 1599. Darid
scn had been in the commission business,
but had made an assignment.
William A. Rector, who said he was an
expert accountant, was the next witness.
He testified that he had secured rooms in
Helena, to be used during the Senatoriul
contest at the instance of A. J. Stecle,
getting three rooms in the Power block,
which met Steele's requirements, of a
vault and a number of entrances. The?e
rooms the witness described as a "trap"
and said they were used for consulti
tion with members of the Legislature. He
stated that he had seen several members
in the rooms and had heard Steele, David
son and other supporters of Clark discuss
the ways and means of securing votes. He
had seen a sum of money which he
thought was $10,000 paid to one of the
members.
Referring on crogs-examlnatlon to his
relations with Steele, the witness contend
ed that the latter was no especial friend
of hi.s. - . •
"The only sign of friendship I ever re
ceived." he said, "was that after he had
bought the Grand Jury he gave me $D 0 to
watch them."
This assertion raised a laugh and also
a point of order, which gave the commit
tee considerable trouble. The committee,
in order to keep the investigation within
reasonable scope, had decided not to en
ter into the Grand Jury investigation. The
information had been volunteered, and
Mr. Faulkner insisted that if it was to
Ftand he should have an opportunity to re
fute it. The committee took the matter
under advisement.-
The witness gave the amounts which
were, according to his information, paid
to the different members of the Grand
Jury.
During the cross-examination a sharp
tilt occurred between ex-Senator Ed
munds and Faulkner, of counsel on the
respective sides of the controversy.
"Don't try to take care of the witness, *
said the West Virginia ex-Senator.
"I will take care of you If you don r t k*ep
within the rules," responded the Vcr
monter.
Chandler, interfered at this point and the
investigation proceeded.
Rector said he was positive that the
member of the Legislature who was pnld
for his vote In the presence of the witness
had put the money In his pocket. He said
this man was one of a number of Repub
lican members who were not to vote im
mediately for Clark — not until "the but
ton was touched."
Replying to Faulkner's efforts to show
Inconsistency between the statements
made to-day and those made in Montana,
Rector explained by saying:
"I have made no study of it, becatise
there was no money in it for me."
"Are Sou certain of that?" asked Faulk
ner.
"Not a dollar," was the reply.
The committee adjourned until Prld«.y
before Rector concluded his testimony.
Correspondence of tha Associated Press.,
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Some of the most
brilliant work In the way of de
scriptive writing ever done by
British correspondents has been
appearing In the British papers in
123456 the last few days. Bennett Bur
lelgh's splendid description of the battle
of Colenso. which was cabled in part by
the Associated Press, is not one bit finer
than the account of Magersfontein by the
correspondent of the Daily News. After
tracing the terrible, loss suffered by the
Highlander brigade at Magrersfontc-in. the
Daily News' correspondent thus writes of
the burial of General Wauehope: ¦
Three hundred yards to the rear of the little
township of Modder River. Just as the sun was
sinking in a biaze of African eplendor on the
evening of Tuesday, the 12th of December, a
long, shallow grave lay exposed In the breast
of the veldt. In the west the broad river,
fringed with trees, ran murmurinely; to the
eastward the heights Ftlll held by the enemy
ocowled menacingly; north and south the veldt
undulated peacefully. A few pac*s to the north
ward of that grave fifty dead Highlanders lny,
dressed as they had fallen on the field of battle.
They had followed their chief to th* field and
they were to follow him to the grave. How
grim and stern thope men looked as they lay
face upward to the sky. with great handb
clenched in the last death agony and brows
still knitted with stern lust of the strife in
which they had fallen. The- plaids dear, to
every Highland c.an were represented there,
and as I looked out of the distance came the
sound of the piper.. It was the general coming
to Join his men. There, right under the eyes
of the enemy, moved with flow and solemn
tread all that remained of the Highland b^lsade.
In front of them walked the chaplain, with
bared head, dressed in his robes of office; thon
came the pipers with their pipes. Klxteen In all.
and behind tlifm, with arms reversed, moved
the Highlanders, dressed in all of the regalia
of their regiments, and In the midst the dead
senoral, 'borne by four of hw comrades.. „_..',
Out swelled the rit>es to the -strain of. the
"Flowers of the Forest." until the soldiers'
heads went back in hauchty defiance and eyes
flashed through fears like sunlight on steel;
now singing to a moaning wall like- a woman
wailing her first born, until the proud heads
dropped forward till they rested on the heaving
chests and tears rolled down the wan and
scarred faces, and the choking sobs broke
through the solemn rhythm of the march /of
death. Right up to the grave they marched,
then broke away in companies, until the gen
eral lay In the shallow grave, with a Scottish
square of armed men around him. Only the
dead man's son and a small remnant of his
officers stood with the chaplain and the pipers
while the solemn services of the church were
spoken.
Then once again the piper pealed out "Loch
aver No More." It cut through the stillness
like a cry of pain until one could almost hear
the widow In her Highland home moaning for
the soldier she would welcome back no mor».
Then as If touched 'by the magic of one thought
the soldiers turned their tear-damp eyes from
the still form in the shallow grrave ¦ toward
the heights where Cronje, the lion of Africa,
and his soldiers stood. Then every cheek'
flushed crimson and the strong Jaws set. llk*
steel and the veins on the hands that clasped
the rifle handles swelled almost to burstipg
with the fervor of the grip and that - ; look
from tho?e silent, armed men spoke more elo
quently than ever fi>oke the tongues of ora
tors. For on each frowning face the spirit
of vengeance sat and each sparkling eye, asked
silently for blood. God help the Boers when
the. next Highlander pibroch sounds. God rest
the Boers' souls when the Highland bayonets
charge, for neither death nor hell, nor things,
above nor things below will hold the Scots
tack from their blood feud.
At the head of the grave, at the point, near
est the enemy, the general was laid to -sleep,;
his officers grouped around him, while in-line'
behind him his soldiers were laid in a double
row wrapped in their blankets. ' No.
shots were ' fired -over -the • dead ; - men
resting so peacefully. Only the .. sa
lute was given, and then the men marched
campward as the darkness of an African nfght !
rolled over the far-stretching breadth of veldt.
To the centlewoman who bears the general's
name the Highland brigade send their deepest
sympathy. To the members and the wives,
the sisters and the sweethearts in the cottage
homes by hillside and glen they send love and
good wishes— sad will be their Chrißtmaa. sad
der the New Tear. Yet. enshrined In every
womanly heart from Queen, Empress to cot
tage girl, let their memory be the memory of
the Highland brigade who died at Magersfon
tetn.
The same writer thus depicts the way
in which the disaster overtook the High
landers: - ; - t
During the night it was considered expedient
that the b!« Highland brigade, about 1000
strong, under General "Wauchope, should get
close enough to the lines of the foe to make it
possible to charge the heights. At midnight the
gallant general moved cautiously through the
darkness toward the kopje where the Boen.
were most strongly intrenched. They were led
by a guide who was supposed to know every
inch of the country, out into the darkness of
an African iilght. The brigade marched In line
of quarter column, each man stepping cautious
ly and slowly, for they knew that any sound
meant death. Every order was given in a
hoaroe whisper, and In whispers It was passed
along the ranka from man to man. Nothing
was heard as they moved toward the gloomy,
steel-fronted heights but the brushing of their
feet In tha veldt grass and the deep drawn
breaths of the marching men.
Bo onward until 2 o'clock on the morning of
Monday.- Then out of the darkness a rifle rang
sharp and clear, a herald of disaster. A soldier
had tripped In the dark over the hidden wires
laid down by the enemy. In a second— ln the
twinkling of an eye— the searchlights of the
Boers fell broad and clear as the noonday sun
on the ranks of the doomed Highlanders, though
It left the enemy concealed in the shadows of
the frowning mass of hills behind them. For
one brief moment th» Scots seemed paralyzed by
the suddenness of their discovery, for they
knew that - : they were huddled together Jlkt
sheep within fifty yards of the trenches of- th«
enemy. Then clear above" the confusion rolled
the voice of the' general, "Steady,' men, steady,"
and like .an echo' to* the veterans out came th«
crash of nearly a thousand -rifles not' fifty paces
from them. The Highlanders reeled before the
spooklike trees before them. The best, their
bravest, fell in that wild hall of lead. . General
Wauehope was down, riddled with bullets, yet,
gasping, dying, bleeding from every vein, the
Hlghfand chieftain raised hlms>lf'bn" his handi
and kneen and cheered his men forward.
Men aad officers fell la heaps together. Th*
Dr. Meyers & Co. conduct the largest
and best equipped radical institution and
have the most extensive practice in the
wnrld. They avoid the Use of all min-
eral, poisonous or dnnsjprous drups anil
electric belts. All their remedies are
carefully compounded in their prtvat»
laboratory. WITHOUT COST TO THEIR
PATIKNTS.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Thousands of men are cured at homo
e\-ery year. If you cannot visit San
Francisco, write for free private book,
advice, question list, etc. All correspond-
ence confldentlal. No printing on en-
velopes cr packages to Indicate name of
fender. NO CHARGE FOR MEDICINES
OR APPLIANCES.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST.. S. f.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR.
HOURS— Daily. 8 to 5. Evenings.
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 1L
Graphic Description of the Slaughter at Magers
fontein and the Funeral of General
Wauehope,
PAY WHEN WELL
A BAffi DEPOSIT GUARAHTK
Patients may deposit the price of a can
In ar.y San Francisco bank, to be paid
only aftfer they are well, or may pay in
monthly Installments. Prices reasonable.
No other doctors will make such an offer.
DR. MEYERS & Cj. are the only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of MEN
EXCLUSIVELY.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
PATRICK BOYLE
HELD FOR ARSON
Damaging Testimony of
Two Witnesses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 17.— The prelimin
ary hearing of Patrick Boyle, charged
with arson, took place here to-day before
Judge Rodden, District Attorney Mc-
Isaacs conducted the case for the people,
while Attorney James Cochrane appeared
for Boyle. The trial, which was replete
with sensation, resulted in Boyle being
held on bonds of $4000, which up to late
this evening had not been furnished.
The whole of the morning session was
taken up by the examination of Mrs.
Sheppard, who proved an excellent wit
ness until subjected to a grilling cross
examination by Attorney Cochrane, which
left the testimony of the prosecution's
star witness In a very dubious light. Mrs.
Sheppard was the woman who lived over
Boyle's saloon and who was Instrumental
in righting the llames. She told of her ex
perience on the night of the fire and
seemed to be extremely vindictive toward
Boyle. Other witnesses called by the
prosecution were George Shearer, C. T.
Shader, John McLaugnlin and John J.
O'Brien. Next to Mrs. Sheppard, John
O'Brien, Boyle's bartender, gave the most
damaging evidence. He told of having
seen the large can of oil delivered which
Mrs. Sheppard claimed to have carried
out of the tiames. He stated that he had
never seen so much oil delivered at the
saloon and that Boyle seemed much ex
cited on the night of the fire.
The testimony of other witnesses cor
roborated In the main Mrs. Sheppard's
statement.
Attorney Cochrane sprung a sensation,
when at the close of the testimony he
asked for dismissal on the ground that no
evidence had been offered but Mrs. Shep
pard's, which pointed directly to Boyle as
the firebug. The testimony offered by
Mrs. Sheppard was so vague, said Coch
rane, that it could hardly be admitted as
evidence. Judge Rodden refused to dis
miss the prisoner and held Boyle to an
swer In $4000 bonds.
A dramatic scene occurred after the
decision was rendered. Mrs. Wagner, the
prisoner's stepmother, fell on her knees
before the Judge and the District Attor
ney and prayed them with tears In her
eyes to lower Boyle's bond to $2000. "Let
me take my boy home," she begged.
Another sensation was occasioned when
Mrs. Sheppard, her eyes blazing with
rage, attacked Cochrane. "You dare call
me a liar?" she cried. The courtroom had
emptied at the time and for a few sec
onds it looked as if the infuriated woman
would give Cochrane a bad quarter of an
hour. Luckily for Cochrane, however,
Mrs. Sheppard's' friends led her away be
fore trouble resulted.
Up to late to-night no one had been se
cured to go on Boyle's bond, but Coch
rane is confident of having his client at
liberty to-morrow.
HIGHLANDERS KNOW HOW
TO DIE LIKE BRAVE MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
UNANIMOUS AGAINST
POLYGAMIST ROBERTS
Special Committee Divided Only
as to the Method of Excluding
Him From the House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— The ppecial
oorsmittee of the House of Representa
tives, appointed to investigate the case
Of Brigham li. Roberts of l.'tah, to-day
reached a final conclusion. On the polyg
amous status of Roberts the committee
"was unanimous and agreed upon a formal
Fiatement of facts. On the question of
the procedure to be adopted, the commit
tee was divided.
The majority, consisting of all the mem
bers, except Littlefirld of Maine and De
Artsond of Missouri, favored exclusion at
the outset. .Littlefield and De Armond
will make a minority report favorable
to seating Roberts on his prima facie
"Tights and then expelling him.
The statement of facts found bjv the
committee is as follows:
We flrd that It. 11. Huberts was elected as
c Represent*!!*! ti> the Fifty-fclxth Congress
from the State of I'tah and was. at the date
Of his election, above the age of 25 years; that
ht- had b«*>n f>>r more than seven years a
naturalized citizen of the United States and
wns an inhabitant of the State of L'tah.
We further firnl that about I«7S he married
Ix>uiFa Smith. hi* first and lawful wife, with
whom he has ever since lived as such, and
Tn-h.j, since their marriage, has borne him six
children.
About I«S3 he married, as his plural wife,
Cclia Dibble, with whom he has ever since
jivfd uf such and who. since such marriage,
ha* borne him six children, of which the last
were twins, born August It, l'-ST.
That * one years after hi? *ai<i marrlase to
Cc-lia Dibble he contra 'ted another plural rr.ar
r!ap>- ¦Riih Margaret C. t=hipp. with whom he
hsi* ever since lived In the habit and repute
Your cor-.mittee If unable to fix the exact
fiate of this marriage. It does not appear
that he held her out a* his wife before Janu
ary 1. 1£97. or that before that date she held
him out as her hus=hand. or that before that
date they were reputed to be husband and
•wife.
That these facts were generally known In
Vluh and publicly charged against him during
his campaign for election and were not denied
by him; that the testimony bearing on those
facts was. taken In the presence of Mr. Roberts,
and that he fully cross-examined the witnesses,
but declined to place .himself on the witness
ftlilid.
The culminating session of the commit
tee to-day followed many prolonged ex
ecutive sessions which left no doubt as
to the attitude cf the, several members
with the exception of Miers of Indiana,
who had been out of the city. He re»
turned to-day and it was determined to
bring the matter to a direct issue. Ac
cordingly, when the cpmmlttee met, Mc-
Pberflon; of lowa offered a resolution for
the exclusion of Roberts.
De Armond immediately proposed a sub
stitute recognizing the constitutional
ripht of Roberts to take his seat on. his
credentials and providing for his expul
sion.
There was no discussion beyond infor
mal remarks. A vote was first taken on
I>e Arnmnd's substitute. Llttlefleld Join
ing: him in the affirmative, and the others
voting: in opposition. The vote was then
taken on McPherson's motion to exclude,
resulting as follows:
Ayes— Tayler of Ohio, Frear, Morris and Me
rherson <R«pd.), Lanham and Mlers (Dems.).
Xopb— Llttiefleld <Uep.). De Armond (Dem.)
Chairman Tayler was authorized to pre
pare the majority report. It will be ready
in a few day?, and the prospects are that
the subject will be broujrnt before th*
House early next week. De Armond will
submit the view of the minority. lie
will include th<* exhaustive review of the
law. covering about seventy type-written
pagrop, prepared by Littlefield. The main
point of this Is that the House cannot add
to the requirements provided by the con
stitution providing for admission to the
House, and that the only constitutional
remedy is to admit and then expel on the
finding of facts.
S NEVER BEFORE
in San, Francisco has an
opportunity come before
the people to secure first-
cla^s tailor- made garments
V Tsf at tne moderate prices we
\^£pT are now making them for.
Affigpi The prices are reduces
y^WrMft f ° r a sh ° rt tims ° n 'v-
WiW^WJ Com? in and look over the
: lyig^ij^ samples of new material
; yS|p||[ and make your selection.
I Bt^^^U Sack Suits now 51.1.50
•KtPg^il Frock Suits 22.50
Prince Albert SuU».. 25.<M>
*1 S / Fu " Dres3 Suits 44MNI
la R / Overcoats „ 2tMM>
(f^miT rants 4.50
Y\ JOE POHEIM,
| \C\ \ THE TAILOR,
I 1110- Ul2 Market St..
i \nT JOl-K'B Montgomery St.,
j YX SAN FRANCISCO.
j &J «) 1011 Washington St..
i OAKLAND.
J d *^5
FOR 3 ROOMS OAK FURNITURE.
TRESS. 1 CENTER TABLE. 1 PAIR PIU-
LOW S.
irss** ssgysss* oak ™™ r^ l
KITCHEN. NO. 7 STOVE AND BOX 1 PAT,
ENT KITCHEN TABLE AND 2 CHAIRS.
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN
Also full line of CARPETS from 400 up.
T. BRITLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Opp. Union Square, cor. Powell.
Open eveningrs. Free delivery Oakland. Ala.
meda and Berkeley.
Gf jJJ w «* and Indiscretion*. They qulckS
JV^T or joung. and fit » man tcr study, buai-
1 or P """r* Pra»ent IngaaitV an I
If takaa in tljaaTrvXi
bm shows immediate improvement and exfee t a cmiv
ee^a^^^oVl^^f^^S: '
2
speakers. Senator George P. Hoar and
Thomas Wentworth Higginson sent let
ters of sympathy. Mr. Hoar wrote from
Washington:
"I cannot properly leave my ' duties
here, even to accept your most attractive
Invitation to speak in Faneuil Hall and to
meet the- men who- are--to- express their
sympathy with the gallant people, a re
public of one million against an empire
of 400,000,000, who are making the best
fight since Thermopylae for a cause as
holy as that for which Leonidas and his
Spartans gave their lives'."
Resolutions embodying the sentiment ofWOMEN TO WORK FOR
A BETTER CENTURY
PAN JOSE. Jan. 17.— The big convention
of dried-fruit men completed its labors
this afternoon and put the finishing
touch's to the greatest and strongest or
ganization of growers ever effected on
th*» coa^t. The California Fruit Growers'
Association, just formed, will undoubtedly
handle next year's dried fruit crop and
prove a factor in establishing a firm mar
ket. Tho board of directors, into whose
hands has been placed the affairs of the
association, is as follows: H. G. Bond
< president 1. J. H. Henry (secretary), H.
W. Meek. M. Theo Kearney. J. B. de Jar
nette. Charles Forman, Thomas Jacobs,
W. E. Woolsey. A. B. Fletcher, !>. F. Gra
hem and F. N. Woods.
The executive committee will consist of
President Bond. Vice President Henry and
two others to r>e chosen by the directors.
Messrs. Bond and Henry are both men
of wealth, who have been successful in
the commercial world, and with these at
its head the association is bound to be a
success.
The association will be in force after
April 1 or In sufficient lime to handle next
> ear's crop. In the meantime the bring
ing of 75 per cent of the dried fruit grow
ert Into the association will be carried on
and plans outlined for tin- season's work.
The packers and shippers are not to be
sntaßonlzed. and if satisfactory arrange
ments can lie made they will undoubtedly
be sold the fr::it they net-d for their
trade. In case thnsr- classes become ob-
HERO OF THE OLD NAVY.
Henry Hughes, Ninety-Five Years
Old, Enters an Almshouse.
CHESTER, Pa., Jan. 17.— Henry Hughes,
a hero of the old navy, has been admitted
into the County Almshouse at the age of
95 years.
When 19 years old Hushes enlisted for
the three years' cruise on the sloop of
war I^evant as a sallmaHer. When the
Mexican war broke out he sailed to Mex
ico on the sloop-of-war St. Mary. He
once saved the life of Commodore Mat
thew D. Perry, who had been ambushed
by twelve Mexicans. He served on the
Kearsarge, the brig Somers. the frigate
Congress and the sloop-of-war John
Adams. I» was on the Kearsarge when
Admiral Schley was a lieutenant on the
same warship.
After leaving the navy Hughes resumed
his business of sailmaking and continued
until old age Interfered.
EOflffl PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SwtMUb Parry.
Commencing October 1 uss
WEEK DATS-T:to. «:30. I!:o0 t ra . ?..,
PZ-AC, E:l5. «OU. «:20 p. m. **•
EXTHA TRIPK-For Mill Va!l*y ar.S San JU.
f»*l. on Mcndaye, Wednesdays and Saturdsv*
ct i-tft and 11:30 p. m. yß>
SUNTATS— -8:00. •10:00. '11:36 a ra • «.„
• •If, *4:«. «:SO. 9:00 p. m. ' ¦*"•
Trains tr.arke-d <•) run to San Qtirntln
mOM SAN* RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:25. *«:3S. 7:45. -i 40 a m •
•:J:SO. 2:15. *2:*o. *S:IS p. m. \
EXTRA TRIP? or V.ondaya. Vf>dnpsday» and
•Saturday* at «:40 ar.2 10:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •$:«). »10:e0. *11:4S a.' m-
•l*o. *3:IS. 4:iC. *i:SO p. a. ' '
Trains ir.arked «•) start from San Qurntln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:«. «:45. 7:55. »:«& a m'•
ii.ij tft 8:45. C:2O p. m. , .
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays. W«<!aeßdays and
t .:•¦.:' ±; • at t:00 and 10:20 p. in.
SUNDAYS— g:X. IC:CC a. ra. ; 12:06, J:U. l : *n
• :«'. €:« p. m • "*
THROUGH TRAINS.
t:osa. m. week <!ay«— Caradero and wayntations
• ¦?0 p. m. Faturd«ys— Tomale* and -»ay nations.
(:•& a. m. Sundayc— Tomalca and way atatlona.
Worm Reading.
"You %vill find enclosed thirty -one
ore-cent stamps for one of Dr. Pierces
Medical Advisers, cloth bound," writes
Tames E. Crampton, Esc]., of Sharps-
burg. Washington Co., Md. "This book
is for a friend of mine who is using
your 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and I
cannot praise your medicine too highly.
I vras in busfceas ii» Baltimore and had
rheumatism for three months ; couldn't
v.a'k at all. I tried the best doctors I
could get, but they did me no good. I
toot three bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery and it cured me
sound. I came home to Sharpsburg,
and there were three cases of different
diseases. I advised the patients to use
Dr. Pierces medicines, which they did,
a:id all were cured."
" Golden Medical Discovery " contains
no alcohol, cocaine, nor other narcotic.
Free. Dr. Pierces Common Sense
Medical Adviser, iooS pages, is sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Sena 21 one-cent stamps
for the book bound in paper, or 31
stamps for doth binding, to Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Eaffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS
FISHING SMACK
RUN DOWN BY
FERRY STEAMER
LOSS OF SIGHT
CAUSED BY USE
OF CIGARETTES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
streperous packing and drying houses will
be erected and the association will handle
the entire output.
The salaried officers are: President, 5500
per month, and three members of the ex
ecutive committee at $3UO per month each.
These are not high, tut yet sufficient to
secure good men.
The convention has been one of the
greatest ever«held by any of the fruit In
terests. Over a thousand people nave been
present at each day's session, and repre
sentative growers from all the coast
have participated in the discussions. All
through it the guiding hand of M. Theo
Kearney, the president of the Raisin
Growers' Association, has directed things,
and the success of the convention is due
in a great measure to him.
Over 3t>" growers have already joined
the association, representing about 10,000
acres of prunes.
The meeting to-day was very interest
ing. The election of directors was the
only thing to be done, and the list selected
shows this was done wisely.
At no time has there boon any marring
scenes in the proceedings. But one man
left the convention, and that was Judge
l^ewis, one of the hardest workers among
the growers. His pet hobby was to keep
the credit of the association down to
$25,000, and when it was increased to $200,
l>oo he withdrew. It is said that he now
is ready to come back to the association.
Chairman Bond called the convention
to order at 9 o'clock this morning. The
committee, consisting of Messrs. Sprague,
Hersey and Childs. which was appointed
to draft an answer to the dispatch re
ceived from Herbert Mybrlck. chairman,
of the League of Domestic Producers',
asking that a protest be adopted against
the making of the recent reciprocity
trpaties. reported having forwarded the
following answer:
To Herbert Myrick. chairman of the League
of IVimestic Producers: It is the unanimous
judgment of the California Fruit Growers' A6
t=oc:."itlon. to-day in convention assembled, fhat
th-? pending reciprocity treaties now before Con
gress are Inimical to ihe best interests of Cali
fornia's great horticultural Industry. aj>d we
therefore most earnestly protest agalnet a rati
fication cf said treaties.
H. O. BOND.
• Chairman of Convection.
San Jose, January IS. l-'OO,
M. Theo Kearney thought this was not
sweeping. He thought all reciprocity
treaties should be condemned. While
protecting our own interests we should
also work for the interests of growers
all over the country- An injury to one
class of growers would ultimately be felt
by all.
Colonel Philo Hersey thought that the
message contained all that was neces
sary, and the convention sanctioned the
action of the committee.
L. F. Graham s-tated that Oregon and
Washington, which States had large
prune interests, had* apparently been
overlooked. He thought provision should
be made for subsequent representation of
those States, and offered the following
resolution:
Resolved. That grower* of prunes and other
deciduous fruits of Oregon and Washington be
(ordia-lly invited to co-operate and join with this
association, and that one director be selected
with the understanding that he will resign In
favor of one selected from those States.
This resolution carried unanimously.
The following resolution introduced by
A. R. Sprague received the united sup
port of the growers:
Resolved. That this convention requests the
boatd of directors of this association to arrange
for the organization of subordinate associations
of crowers. in order that such organizations
may promote the work of this association In
districts remote from headquarters by helping
to extend all influences favoring co-operation
and by providing for all needs ot the member
ship of this association which are distinctly
local anj to afford means through which any
protests or complaints or recommendations may
be presented to this association.
Chairman Bond said three hundred
growers had signed membership cards.
The election of directors was next in or
der. It was decided to hear the report
of the nominating committee, and other
nominations that might be made, and
take up the voting as soon as the conven
tion reconvened in the afternoon.
The nominating committee of 21,
through its chairman. W. H. Aiken, re
ported the following for directors: H. G.
Bond. Santa Clara; L. F. Graham San
Jose; F. N. Wood, West Side; H. W.
Meek, San Lorenzo; W. P. Cragln. San
Jose; A. B. Fletcher, Campbell; M. Theo
Kearney. Fresno; J. B. de Jarnette, Co
lusa; Charles Forman, Los Angeles;
Thomas Jacobs, Visalia; TV. E. Woolsey,
Fulton.
W. P. Cragln withdrew and E. T. Pet
titt was named by T. R. Johns for the
directorate. L. F. Graham nominated J.
H. Henry and Senator Thomas Flint of
San Benito County was championed by
W. S. Shelly. Other nominations were R.
W. Hersey, S. R. Johnson, S. P. Sanders,
Jacob Miller. W. S. Griffin.
On reconvening at 1 o'clock several
other nominations were made, among
which were C. W. Childs, A. C. Kuhn and
A. R. Sprague. Mr. Cragin's name was
again presented. Mr. Sprague withdrew
his name and asked that his support be
given to Charles Forman of Los Angeles.
The representation that Santa Clara
County be entitled to In the directorate
was brought up. After some discussion
the following resolution introduced by J.
H. Henry was adopted:
Resolved, That it Is the sense of the
convention that Santa Clara County be
entitled to five directors.
Mr. Kearney deplored the fact that sec
tionalism had entered into the organiza
tion. He thought the directors should be
fleeted at large and no special representa
tion given to any one locality.
W. S. Shelly wanted the selection of di
rectors referred back to the 'nominating
committee and then the directors elected
who were named by the committee.
Kearney seconded the motion. Judge
Bond declared the matter out of order and
the convention decided to elect the five
directors to represent Santa Clara County
tlrst.
While the ballots were being counted
Vice President Akin moved that the sec
retary cast the ballots for the directors
recommended by the committee to repre
sent other sections. This elected the fol
lowing: H. W. Meek, San Lorenzo; M.
Theo Kearney. Fresno; J. B. de Jarnette.
Colusa; Charles Forman, Los Angeles;
Thomas Jacobs, Visalia; TV. E. Woolsey,
Fulton, Solano County.
U. M. Delmas addressed the convention.
H»» urged the growers to stand firm to
gether.
The ballot for the Santa ClarA County
directors was announced as follows 241
votes being cast: H. G. Bond,- 238; L. F.
Graham. 195; F. N. Woods, 146; J. H
H^nry. 173; A. B. Fletcher. 119. Eight
other candidates received less' than 70
votes each.
W. A. Coulter nominated Judge Bond
for president of. the board of directors.
Mr. Kearney seconded the nomination.
Judge Bond wanted to decline, but the
convention refused to allow him.
J. H. Henry was elected vice-president,
and also made a member of the executive
committee.
The directors were called before the
meeting and introduced. .
M. Theo Kearney was called upon for a
short speech> He urged all the fruit men
to take oft their coats now and go to work
to secure 73 per cent of the growers for
the organization.
After three cheers for the California
Fruit Growers' Association the conven
tion adjourned.
Interesting Papers Read and Discussed at the
Federation Convention in Los Angeles.
UNION PACIFIC PURCHASES
SOUTHERN PACIFIC STOCK
Two Directors of the Company
Acquire Large Holdings in
Huntington's Companu.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— Th© Tribune to-morrow will say: It Is learned
that E. H. Harrlman, chairman of tho executive committee of th© Union
Pacific Railway Company, and Jacob H. SchlfT of Kuhn. Loeb & Co., an
other director of that company, have recently acquired a large block of
Southern Pacific stock. The report that they have purchased part of the
Stanford holdings from Speyer & Co. Is denied by President C. P. Hunting
ton. Mr. Huntingdon adds that the relations of his road with the Union Pa
cific are extremely cordial.
It Is understood that Messrs. Harriman and Schlff have no Intention of
endeavoring to secure control of the Southern Pacific, but that they have
become purchasers of Its. stock with the idea of promoting closer and more
pleasant relations between the Union Paclrtc system, which they represent,
and the Southern Pacific.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
WfilTE ASB STEAM COAL, EST^S
DiAMONO COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
lUVEH COLLIERIES. U th« P.m. Coal la th«
m»rket. Otnce and Yards— liO Main atrect.
FRUIT GROWERS ELECT
OFFICERS AND ADJOURN
Strong Organization Has Been Formed
- and Active Work Will Commence
at Once. •
Special Kspatch to The CalL
4v:sr* DR. JORDAN'S great,)
#BBSnfS QF ANfITQHY*
A Cft 83 Xllll? ST. let etli7ti. Z.T.C-JL , I
nT^ The Lirg^t Anatomical Musr'tm in the
A —rstr » w '"»'3 w raknCT^c« &» A.y c. ntract»d i
O /Jsrfl S»I»eu«lisl«-B«i>eCo«tt. t»t3ty^«r, (j|
$ s*X*| c? - «'3RSAN- PRIVATE DISEASES 6
X *^^F^r^ Coa«ilt«ion fir* ir,d rtrkt> private \
A L ii'^'K •"''¦¦"' i ""•'¦;' v <~t by l«ter. A g
"B ff MB *** "" °* re '" e * xry "** undertaken. T
/» •' *I IV v ¦••''' r * « .PKII.OHOPHYef A
W• jf !|" MinßUbK, MAILED FREB. lAT
A M (I- "UuaiJie Baci: fcr Bi^n) \
f DD J<tnD A\ & CO.. IQSI MtrkrtSt.,R. F. f
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Halle!
on Application.
COAU COKH AND PIO IROX
J. C WILSON & CO.. T^^-^rxlk
C3PPER!-MiTH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTII Mer
CWS'I'TH *¦*"/. .riumUnic. Steamboat
VTT J i|U. nnd Ship Work a Specialty 18
and 18 Washington at. Telephone Main iMI.
FRESH AJO SALT MEATSI
JiS EOYFS&Cft Fhi PP">R Butcher*. 1M
MAD bUILJttVU- city. TeL Ma:n l»4.
FURS.
i. N. LOFSTAD. '^l^^r^^j
PAPF.3 DHALF.R^.
W'l f AMFTTF t ' ULP AND paper co
IKLLA.7IEIIE 72S Montgomery ;t.
FRINTIXJ.
r. c bushes. tl ,s. p n S%, r .
bTATIONE * AND PRINTER
™£d\ p . hlc PARTRIDGE - *£s£
To win customers — to enliven trade,
we make these suits and overcoats to
order at a price that would be a value
even if cloth had not gone up.
This sale lasts only as long as the
cloth holds out When the cloth is gone we do not expect to duplicate these values. You are getting now
virtually a suit or overcoat worth $17.^0 or $20 for $13.50.
Gloth has gone vp — in some cases
50 per cent. We bought wisely and
heavily before the raise. Our fore-
Made to order
suits and over Goats
These suits and overcoats
are such values-that we feel we
should tell how they are possible
at the very low price.
PROMINENT
LOS ANGELES, Jan. i7.— The second'
day of the Women's Federation*
Convention proved the most inter
esting and gave ample proof of the<
earnestness of the^ women in the.
cause in which they are enlisted. During,
the morning the president of almost every
woman's club in Southern California and'
many from the northern part of the State*
awaited opportunity to make a report.
These reports came from clubs from twen-<
ty-four years to three days of age, the,
youngest being the Coterie Club of" Santa <
Monica, which has for Its motto, "Since
civilized man cannot live without cooking'
we have added a cooking class." *
The Ebell Club is the oldest, being called*
the mother of California clubs. The re
ports of the following clubs were read:
Parlor Lecture, Fresno; Phllomathlan,
Santa Ana; Progressive, Monte; Ruskln
Art. Los Angeles; Riverside Woman's
Club; Shakespeare, Pasadena; Saturday
Afternoon, Monrovia; Sorosls. San Fran
cisco; Shakespeare, Woodland; San Diego
Woman's Club; Stimson-Lafayette, Los
Angeles; Wednesday Morning, East Los
Angeles; Kindergarten Club. Los Angeles;
Mills Club, San Francisco; Adelphlc, Ala
meda; Wednesday Afternoon, Alhambra;
Bakersfield, Covlna; California Club. San
Francisco; Contemporary Club. Redlands;
Current Topics, Pasadena; Culture Club,
Downey; Ebell. Oakland; Ebell, Santa
Ana; Los Angeles Ebell; Friday Morning,
Los Angeles; Forum, San Francisco; Free
Kindergarten. Los Angeles; Wyman, San
Francisco; Lemoor. San Francisco; Dilo
math. San Francisco; Tuesday Afternoon,
Ventura; Pacific Coast Woman's Press
Association; Woman's Press Club, Los
Angeles; Pomona Woman's Club.
This afternoon was devoted to business
and the reading of a paper entitled "The
Unsolved Problem," by Mrs. I. Lowen
burg of San Francisco. In part she said:
Peoples and religions have come and gone,
empires and nations have risen to civilization
and sunk Into barbarism, the sages or antiquity
and the Roman and Grecian orators with their
word? of gold have passed Into the ares and
their lives would have been naught had they
not left their "footprints on the Bands of time."
Thought is Immortal and can never die, and
the thought of having national and private
workshops for the unemployed will gather
strength as a ball rolling down hill Increases
In velocity, gaining force by its own momentum.
Bo let the approaching twentieth century, with
Its rich heritage of discoveries, inventions, in
tellectual development and liberty of thought,
press forward and practically demand the in
stitution of a well-defined method of obtaining
work for the-tinemployed as the only salvation
cf man and the only solution of the unsolved
problem.
One of the most interesting features of
the convention was the address of Mrs.
Burdette. After bidding the delegates
welcome, she went on to speak of the
importance of unity of action, which
could only be had through federation.
With federation would come a reciproc
ity that women are now suffering from
lack of without realizing it. The develop
ment of isolated clubs would no longer be
limited to the intellectual scope of their
community, but, brought in contact with
clubs of higher purpose and broader work,
the humblest club may find definite Ideals
above and beyond Itself. The city club
would catch from the country club the
originality and freshness of thought that
comes from intimacy with nature in her
unspoiled "mothering" moods. The coun
try club. In communllon with Its city sis
ter, would feel the thrill of Inspiration
SOON TO HOIST THE
FLAG ON TUTUILA
All That Is Lacking Is an Exchange
of Ratification of the Samoan
Treaty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— 1t was stated
at the State Department to-day that the
British and German Governments had al
ready ratified tho treaty for the partition
of Samoa and that exchange of ratifica
tions was the only remaining ceremony to
accomplish the extinction of the trl
dominfon. Secretary Hay will make Im
mediate arrangements for an exchange of
ratifications, which will occur as soon as
possible, probably in Washington.
In anticipation of this ceremony the au
thorities will formulate a proclamation
which will be sent to Commander B. F.
Tilley, commanding the Abarenda, which
he will publish immediately upon receipt.
He will be directed to hoist, the American
flag over Tutuila, Ofoo and Manna and
will perform the functions oft Governor.
Commander Tilley. with the Abarenda,
is now in New Zealand obtaining piling
for the pier under construction in the har
bor of Pago Pago. It will, therefore, bo
an easy matter for the department to
communicate with him. I understand he
will be governor for only a few months.
When he was sent to Pago Pago he re
quested the department to relieve him
during the coming summer. It Is possible
that another ship may be ordered to Pago
Pago to relieve the Abarenda, her com
manding officer to succeed Commander
Tilley as governor. It Is apparent to the
authorities that It will be necessary In
the interest of health and for the diver
sion of the crew to relieve the vessels or
dered to Samoa at short intervals and this
policy will probably be adopted.
•
Captain Sigsbee'S New-Post
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Orders were
issued to-day formally detaching £aptaln
Sigsbee from the command of the Texas
and assigning him to the head of the
Naval Intelligence Bureau.
718 Market Street and cor. Powell and Eddy.
Samples freely given. If out of town write for sample catalogue No. 2.
cutaways
Cutaway trocks, well tailored, fit assured'
good selection of dressy cloths to chooss
from. Makes a veiy stylish suit.
The strand is fimilar to the cutaway
frock, but is shorter and has outside pockets.
Makes a very stylish business suit See
lett-hand picture.
sack suits
Single-breasted, plain lapels.
Double-breasted, plain lapels.
Single-breasted, silk facing : high-cut
double-breasted vest. Ji :'"i
Double-breasted, silk facing on lapels.
We make them in eight styles:
overcoats.
Box overcoat, fashionably tailored ; fits
like the high-priced overcoat. Good selec-
tion of light-colored cloths. Notice tho
right-hand picture.
Winter overcoat, knee length, stylish
material, velvet collar. Sure to please
you-
thought is your saving.
Bees raised in Texas are shipped to all
parts of the world.
You can save money by buying your
blank books, printing and all office sup-
plies from Sanborn, vail & Co., i4l Mar-
ket street.
Neck and Neck for Popular Approval
Evans" A'.e and Evans' Ptout. of equal merit.*
that comes from the wondrous planning
and mighty achievements of the busy
world of men— the glamour and glitter of
social life. The literary, club, with its
calm, cold, intellectual pulse, would
gather warmth and throbbing life from
the philanthropic club, bending all its
womanly energies to lifting burdens from
the souls and bodies of humanity.
Continuing on this line. Airs. Burdette
said:
Our public schools call for women other than
teachers who shall see that physicians are
provided to examine the sight, hearing: and
physical conditions of children with a view to
preventing overstrain — to sec that school sani
tation keeps pace with hygienic progress— that
should protest against the "study-out-of
school" evil— to oversee the school luncheon
matter, that is so serious a question In Intel
lectual development of growing children — and
to jealously watch every opportunity for taking
the public school system out of politics and
committing it to the keeping of intelligent men
and women who love home and education first
and personal power and eelf-aggrandizement
last. ,
The preservation of the forests of this State
is a matter that should appeal to the women,
while the women of New Jersey are saving the
Palisades of the Hudson from utter destruction
by men to whose greedy souls Mount Sinai is
onjy a stone quarry, and the women of Colo
rado are saving the cliff dwellings and the
pueblo ruins of their State from vandal de-
OF WOMEN'S CLUBS.
structlon, the word comes to ' the women of
California that men whose souls are gangsaws
are meditating the turning of our world-famed
sequoias into planks and fencing worth so
many dollars. Not only for their beauty, their
matchlees grandeur, must our forests be saved,
but for the stronger reason that under their
shadows live the springs of water that give
vitality to seed time and glory to the harvest,
life to ourselves and little, ones, wealth to the
Stute. Our forests are the great natural reser
voirs of the water supply that has made pos
sible our homes, our health and our prosperity.
Lose them and we are In dancer of seeing
again the alkali wastes of the desert. Better
one living tree in California than fifty acres of
lumber yard. Preserve and replant them and
the State of California will be blessed a thou
sand fold in the development of Its natural
resources, which far outvalue those of any
other State over which floats the flag which
keeps us free.
Preformation is better than reformation. It
is easier and better to prevent good people
from going wrong than it Is to make good peo
ple out of bad ones. California is not yet
cursed with slum life, as are the older States.
Let the- women see to it, that these moral
plague spots In the life of the State are not
permitted to rather.
Added to these must be those of our own club
needs, which are by no means least— such as
traveling libraries, club extension, reciprocity
bureaus.
Th»se are but glimpses of our possibilities
conditions which are at once our opportunities
and our responsibilities. Woman holds In her
hand no agency of force by which she can ac
complish these objects, but she can attain the
ends by the exercise of her womanly powers if
she remain mistress of her spiritual graces and
refinements. Just In proportion as nations and
peoples have substituted the law of love for
the law of force and have sought to do each
other srood instead of evil. Just In that pro
portion they have come to a higher and bet
ter civilization. As woman becomes distin
guished along the higher lines of progress,
carrying with her greater refinement and cul
ture and bringing a. beneficent Influence on
every Interest with which she comes in con
tact, ruling by the. law of love and not force,
her progress will signify not the degradation
of man but the elevation of woman— and of
man. And if she by her weakness led him
opt of Eden, she by the strength of her gen
tleness will lead him back again.
To-morrow officers will be elected and
Mrs. Burdette seems to lead in the race
for the first president to be chosen by
the State Federation. The convention ad
journs to-morrow afternoon.
One of the Crew Is
Drowned.
While on her last trip to Sausalito at
about 7 o'clock last night the steamer
San Rafael ran down the fishing smack
Stella, in which were Jimmy Olivero and
Andrea Castagnola, two Italian fishermen
returning home after a day's fishing. As
a result one of the fishermen was
drowned.
The accident occurred off Lombard
street wharf, not far from the end of
the pier. ' When the fishermen saw the
steamer bearing down on them and, real
izing that to stay on board meant that
they would be crushed to death, they
jumped from their frail craft into the
cold waters of the bay and attempted to
swim from the death-dealing paddle
wheel. The steamer was stopped as soon
as the boat was made out in the dark
ness and a boat was lowered to search
for the men.
Castagnola was picked up, but noth
ing could be seen of his unfortunate com
panion, though the search was kept up
for quite a while.
Jimmy Olivero, the drowned man, was
a native of Italy and about 55 years of
age. He leaves a son about 19 years or
age in this city and a widow in Italy.
Andrea Castagnola, the owner of the
boat, lives on Prescott street, a small
alley off Vallejo street, near Sansome.
where he now lies in a very precarious
condition, raving like a maniac.
It is the opinion of many fishermen at
Vallejo street wharf that the fishing
smack was sailing home without showing
any lights and that the San Rafael,
changing her course suddenly, swept
down on the Stella before the fishermen
could avoid her.
Olivero. no doubt, was struck by the
wheel of the San Rafael or was drawn
under the waves by the immense suction
caused by the steamer's speed.
Young Lewis Bulkeley
'" Blind as a Bat."
Lewis E. Bulkley, whose recent
attempt to elope with a factory girl was
frustrated, was suddenly stricken with
blindness last Tuesday morning, and since
then has been under the care of a physi
cian. According to the dictum of the
medico the loss of sight was due prim
arily to the excessive use of cigarette*
and secondarily to the habit of reading
by lamplight after retiring for the night.
Bulkeley came into local fame recently
by his originality in the style of his ap
parel. Appearing on Market street with
broad baruls of purple velvet around the
bottoms of his trousers, the tips of his
coat sleeves and the collar of his coat,
he was the cynosure of all eyes and unan
imously voted the "warmest of them all."
It seems that • Bulk Hey was standing
near the entrance of Dan P. Carter's ci«ar
store when a film came over h.ls eyes, an i
In a short while his sight entirely disap
peared. He summoned a friend and «;u
taken home. He has. according to his own
statement, been stone blind for over twen
ty-four hours. This morning the light
began to affect his eyes and he Is now
wearing a pair of goggles.
"I am as blind as a bat." he said last
evening at his rooms in the Wentworth
Hotel, on Bush, near Stockton street. "I
moved from where I was formerly located
on the sth of this month in order to keep
my whereabouts a secret. The physicians
say cigarettes and reading at night are
the cause of my trouble, but I don't think
cigarettes had much to do with It. I can't
see anything now. but the light is begin
ning to hurt my eyes and I am hopeful
that I will soon be all right. See th it
looking-glass there. I cracked It last
night by running my head In the wrong
direction."
' ItHllltllilllllllllllllljf
::£K2S£* j BEECHAH'S i !
? Indigestion, < Dll I c "
• • Biliousness, < r iLLp
• > »ck neaaacne, j want &, cq^ •
; ; In men. women-w ) » c«aU *23 cents, !
, , children, cured by ( at drag stores. '
Tiiiiimnmiiiiinim
New Cable Lines.
France is absolutely dependent upon England
for news of the Transvaal war. because the
cables are under her control, and ehe In ready
to spend a vast sum of money to. free herself.
This Is like many people who. after allowing
dyspepsia to settle upon them, spend a fortune
seeking deliverance. Save your money and try
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the medicine which
never falls to cure dyspepsia, constipation, bil
iousness, malaria, fever and ague.
3
REPRfcSfcJNTATIVESP!avtr.«r cards, with new backs, very ar-
tistic; also new tally cards and paino
counters. Sanhorn, Vail & Co. 741 Market.*
SICK* HEADACHE
Positively cared by tbese
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspep«ta»
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness Bad Taste fa the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
> Small Price,
Racing SPORTING EVENTS Coursing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WITNESS MAKES
VICIOUS ATTACK
ON AN ATTORNEY
Exciting Scene in a
Courtroom.
INSULT PRECIPITATES . ROW
DR. DANZIGER BELABORS OTTO
WISE WITH HIS CANE. ,
Lawyer Goes to the Receiving Hos
pital While the Dentist Is Ax
rested for Battery, but
Released on Bail.
A vicious attack was made upon Attor
ney Otto Irving Wise by Dr. D. G. Dan
zlger in Justice Groezinger'B courtroom
yesterday morning. The assault was the
direct outcome of a fancied Insult offered
by the attorney to Dr. Danziger, who
was a witness in the suit of Mrs. G. H.
Jacobson against Rabbi Isador Myers for
$235, alleged to be due her. Wise was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital immedi
ately after the occurrence, and Danziger
was later arrested for battery and re
leased on $20 bail.
When the trial of the case commenced
yesterday Dr. Danziger was placed on
the witness stand by Attorney D. J. Crow
ley to testify as to the treatment Mis.
Jacobson and her daughter had received
at the hands of Rabbi Myers and his wife,
to whom Mrs. Jacobson Is related. Attor
ney Wise for the defense questioned the
witness closely, and after completing the
cross-examination addressed Judge Groez
inger, saying:
"That is all I care to ask this person."
Dr. Danziger took this as a direct re
flection, and in angry tones the irritated
withess advanced toward Wise and sa'.d:
"I will settle with you for this out
side."
Wise appealed to the court for protec
tion and Judge Groezinger rapping for or
der, said:
"I do not care what takes place outside
of the courtroom, but I will have no quar
reling here."
Bot't parties then subsided and after the
case had been continued until Monday and
court adjourned Danzlger approached
Wise and demanded an apology. Wise re
plied that he had no apology to make, and
Danzlger immediately hit the attorney a
terrific blow in the face and followed It
up by striking him on the head with a
stout cane. Wise fell over several chairs,
became hysterical and * pandemonium
reigned for some time. Some ladles threw
water in Wise's face and he soon revived.
Dr. Myers rushed into the corridor shriek
ing for the police, who soon responded.
As soon as Wise left the Receiving Hos
pital, to which he was taken for treat
ment, he Becured a warrant for the ar
rest of Danziger, "which was served by
Officer Rabl.
Island Boy_; Hall & Xewell's Nonpareil ts. J.
P. Thriffs Brutus; W. H. Lord's Revolver vs.
E. M. Kellogg" s lowa Maid; Maher A Reid's
Bad Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured: D.
Ford's Juanlta vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot;
Han.ly & Smith's Magic vs. W. J. Browning's
Mountain Belle; T. J. Harrington's Beau Peep
vs. Curtis & Son's Beacon; F. A. McComb's
Motto v«. F. Moran's Flying Faster; Maher &
ReM'a Nellie Bawn vs. F. A. McComb's Royal
Flush; Erwln & Lyon's Silver Wings vs. Curtis
& Sons* Commodore; M. Dunlea's Erin vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Lawrence: Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Daisy Clalr v«. R. E. de B. Lopez'
Wonder; P. J. Rellly's Royal Union vs. P. J.
Rellly's Plow Boy; M. Ix>ndon's Magneto v«.
T. .J. Cronln's Thornhlll; Gus Abercrombie's
Victor King vs. Sterl &. Knowles* Rusty Oold:
Kterl & Knowles" Sleety Mist v». J. P. Thrift's
Target: R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wt Wat».a t».
Curtis tc Son's McKlnley; J. Muller*a Mocorlta
vs. W. F. Hobb« Mercy May; T. J. Cronia's
Wild Tralee v». E. Geary's Ireland; Curtis &
Son's Vanity Fair vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure;
M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Llnee vs. 'Kay Bros.'
Hawker; W. Cairns' Imperial vs Handy &
Smith's Jennie Wilson; P. Doyle's Wild Mon
arch vs. Sterl A Knowles' O'Hara: Lome &
Thompson's Ktng's Borderer vs. J. H. Perigo's
Bohe; T. J. Cronln's Depend On Me ts. D. J.
Healey'* Maggie N; R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo
vs. Curtis & Son's Flying Fox: Baxtela Bro«.'
Mac's Melody vs J. Dickson's Black Besa.
He Had Two Wives.
Judge Bahrs yesterday annulled the
marriage "existing between Kate Gess
Harte and Henry Gess, Harte .on the
ground that the defendant has a wife by
a former marriage living and not df-
FOR U. S. NAY? YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON. Tue« . Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at »•«
a. m.; 2:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night?- Frl
days. Id m. and 8:30; Sundays l<>-30 a? ml i
p. m. L&ndlng and office. MUsion-atriLt rS^i,
Ptfr No. 2. Telephone Main "m. "** ****•
FARE */,_
NEW ORLEANS RACES.
Eleven Two- Year-Olds Begin Their
Career on the Turf.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 17.— The first
two-yoar-old race of the season In New
Orleans, In which a bunch of eleven
youngsters entered upon their racing ca
reer, was the feature of to-day's card.
The Morris pair. Choice and Plead, were
the opening favorites at twos, but re
ceded at post time to threes, at which
price they, with Quiz and Buda, closed.
The start was prompt and good. Quiz
and Cuda outbroke the others. Buda
showed great speed in the first quarter,
but could not sustain it, and fell back
when challenged by Quiz, who won eas
ily. Frangible and I^ennep were the only
winning favorites over a heavy track.
Results:
One and one-eighth miles, selling— Frangible
won. Tickful fcecond. The Bobby third. Time,
2:00»4.
Two-year-olds, three furlongs — Quiz won,
Buda second. Choice third. Time. :37.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course — Galilee
won, Cheesamite second, Urakcman third.
Time, 3:40,4
Handicap, one and one-sixteenth miles — Lack
man won. Strangest second. Compensation
third Time. 1:1,2.
Selllnc, mile and twenty yards— Razniro 11.
won, I'hldias second. Voyager third. Time,
I:4R.
Selling, mile and twenty yards— Lennep won,'
Koenig second. School Girl third. Time, 1:46.
Mutual Bank Directors.
Th<» annual morting of the stockholders
of the Mutual Savings Bank of San Fran
cisco took place last Tuesday. SlOO out
of l n ,ooo shares being represented. The
following were elected directors for the
ensuing year: James 1). Phelan, S. G.
Murphy, John A. Hooper. James Moffltt.
Charles S. Neal. Frank J. Sullivan, Rob
«ry McElroy. Joseph I). Grant and James
M. McUonald.
The new board organized by olocting
James D. Ph«»lan. president; S. G. Mur
phy, first vice president; John A- Hooper,
second vice president; George A. Story,
cashier and secretary" C. B. Hobson, as
sistant cashlr-r and assistant secretary,
and Frank J. Rul'lvan, attorney.
Colonel Weinstock to Lecture.
Colonel Harry Weinstock will deliver a
free lecture this evening at the Academy
of Sciences Hall. 819 Market street, on the
subject. "Some Weak Spots in Socialism."'
The public is invited.
Will Discuss the Mineral Bill.
A meeting of tho executive committee
of, the California Miners' Association vrlll
be held in the Palace Hotel on Friday
evening. January 26. The meeting is
called at the request of President Ralston,
who has Just returned from Washington!
D. C, where he had been to consult the
members of .the California delegation on
the mineral bill which has Just .been in
troduced In Congress. Mr. Ralston Is <le
sirous to also have the consensus of opin
ion of the executive committee and the
meeting is called primarily for that pur
pose. Another matter which the execu
tive committee will be requested lo con
sider is the advisability of appointing a
committee on the preservation of water
and forests. After what has gone before
the president did not fnel warranted in
appointing such a committee without first
consulting the executive committee to de
termine what would be for the best In
terests of the association.
and A. T^assano, local men, was stopped
by the police and declared a draw In the
third round.
TRACEY FOULS JACKSON.
Colored Boxer Claims He Was Bitten
by the White Man.
STOCKTON, Jan. 17.— Young Peter
Jackson won the fight here to-night
against Tom Tracey on a foul In the sev
enth round. For six rounds It was a
pretty .contest, with Jackson the aggres
sor and forcing the fight. In the seventh
the men fought fast and Jackson had
Tracey almost knocked out when the
white man saw he could not win and
threw his colored opponent, falling hard
upon him. Jackson cried out while the
men were on the floor that Tracey was
biting him and after the fighfsaid Tracey
bit him once on the shoulder.
After the decision Tracey went over to
Jackson's corner and announced that he
could have put the colored man out.
Jackson made a hot reply and struck him.
Then they mixed It hard and the police
Jumped into the ring and hustled the
fighters off.
Tracey was favorite In the betting here
at 2 to 1.
The preliminary between Torn Carkeek
SAN MATEO PARK
WILL BE REOPENED
San Mateo Coursing Park Is to b« re
opened on the 2Sth inst., when another at
tempt will be rrade to gain the favor of
coursing men and the patrons of the sport,
D. J. Tobln Is the man tn the foreground
this time, he having been given control of
the park yesterday by the board of direc
tors. He claims the support of a score of
kennels which guarantees dogs in plenty
so long as the prize money Is forthcom
ing. As a special attraction on the open-
Ing day a match has been arranged be
tween J. O'Shea's stake winner. Young
America, and C. J. Horrigan's recently
Imported dog. Overtime. Much curiosity
has been aroused over this dog and there
is a general desire to see him In compe
tition, especially as' he will start In the
rich John Grace cup stake next month.
Mr. Tobin has taken over the entire
management of the park and expresses
confidence In his ability to make a suc
cess of the venture.
JIRO HARADA WINS HIS
ACTION FOR DAMAGES
FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS FOR
A LOST LEG.
Japanese Student Defeats Southern
Pacific Company in the United
States Circuit Court.
Jiro Harafla, the Japanese student of
statesmanship, won his case yesterday
against the Southern Pacific Company,
the jury awarding him $5000 damages.
On October S. l.y)S, Harada was crossing
the railroad track at the crossing of Park
and Everett streets in AJameda when he
was run over by a local train. Harada
alleged that the train was running at
great fpe*»d and that the bell on the en
gine was silent. As a result of the acci
dent he lost a leg and three fingers, lie
b^gan euit against the railroad company
for 120.000 damages, and his case was pre
sented In the United States Circuit Court
by Bert Schlesinger and Assistant United
States District Attorney Marshall B
"VVoodworth. On the first trial the jury*
disagreed on the extent of damages and
on the second trial, which was concluded
ypstrrday afternoon, the Jury awarded
him $5000. The Jurors etood ten for $10,000
damages, but they compromised with the
mlnoritv fnr thf» sum stntc/i
645 SIXTH RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Eebert.)
TANFOBAN PARK, Wednesday, January 17, 1900.— Fortieth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Asociation. Weather fine.
Track fast. 1' • "
BENDORAN
NO MATCH
FOR GEYSER
Coast Record Equaled by Win
ner — Books Getting the
Coin at Tanforan*
Raocpocrs to Tanforan yesterday were
disappointed In the meeting between Gey
eer with 109 pounds up and Bendoran car
rying Jl2 pounds. A battle royal was
looked for, but It proved only a skirmish.
Bfndoran closed favorite over the Corrl
pan entry, and after running out In the
had for something over half a mile, began
looking for a vacant seat in the rear of
the house. Spencer then let Geyser out
and he won easily, covering the seven fur
longs in I:2*3 — coast record time. Advance
Guard finished second, four lengths beiore
the favorite.
Not unlike the other days of the meet
ing, the books gathered most of the coin
in sight. Upsets there were in profusion,
with First Shot and M. F. Tarpey the
only first choices to land.
In the first number, a six-furlong selling
run, the favorite, First Shot, was given
a lively brush by Coming Event, a 15 to 1
shot. The latter made the running, at th*
end losing by only half a length. Tekla.
from the Shulte stable, commanded a
strong play, but failed to make any sort
of a showing. . , ,
The mile hurdle event was a farcical
affair. Ualista. second choice, bolted at
the start and was loft. Oraibee refused
at the first obstacle, and Meddler, the fa
vorite, dumped his rider at the second
leap. McKenna finally landed Credo, alj
to 1 shot, winner from Una Colorado by a
length. Major S. which balked taking the
lirst jump, finished third.
Del Paso 11. the Jennings entry, closed
favorite for the mile selling run. with
Spencer up. The brown horse made a
good stretch run. but was beaten easily
at the end by the 12 to 1 shot Toribio,
ridden by Jenkins. Storm King and Sil
ver Tail cut out the pace to the bend for
home.
After getting away from the post last
Charles Le Bel, second choice for the
seven furlong affair, plainly developed the
ract that he Was best. Thorpe persevered
with him. and overhauling the favorite,
Owyhee. forty yards from the wire won
by half a length. Jenkins on Owyhee
took matters- too easy, which cost him
the race. More ill luck was in store for
the favorite, the Judges disqualifying him
for swerving slightly. This gave Pongo
the place and Tom Smith third money.
Caldwell presented Corrigan's two
year-old M. F. Tarpey with the final
purse. Heavily played at short odds, the
younpster was sent away flying, with
CJavlon Brown, the second choice, almost
left. Ullaeon took the place from Briton.
Track Notes.
Handlcapper Brooks of Oakland track
.•esterday announced the following
weights:
The Follansbee handicap. $1500; a high-weight
handicap for two-year-olds and upward. Wln
lers of other than a selling purse after the
Heights are announced (after January 17) to
•arry five pounds extra. To be run Monday,
lanuary 22, 1900. Seven furlongs.
Bendoran 141 Recreation 117
Flmpmaker 130 Tom Cromwell 117
Kosormonde 131 Flower of Gold 116
Arbaces 13'). Asian 11«
Fly by Night 13n Kaclvan 11"!
[>uke of Middleburg.l3'l Gauntlet 116
Ventoro 12S StrongaM 115
Dr. Pheppard i:;: Tar Hill 114
Montgomery 123 Herculean 11*
Meddler 125 Alleviate 114
*>Ilowtall 123 Klamora 113
Ed«lie Jones 123:Yaruba 113
iJlinthus 123 Kavorsham 113
Pormero 123iRio Chico 113
Kings Carnival ....123JF. W. Prode 112
Imperious 122 Pt. Magdalen 112
San Mateo 12:'KlIa Boland 110
Napamax 122; Bathos 110
Advance Guard 121;Boundlee 110
I>avld Tennr 12f> Bamboulla 10S
Sly 120 Burdock 108
Pat Morrlf^ey 120 Diomed K'7
Judge Wardell 12n Cnnstallator 107
Fam McKecver 120 Synla 10..
FirM Tenor 120,Florablrd I<V5
Obsidian US 'Sliver F1« m 3
Ft CuthN»rt 118jMortga«e l'"3
Sfnator Bland 118 Red Maid. 101
Sea Lion ....llS' Antonletta 11l
Jerry Hunt 118 The Echo 100
Storm King US!
Owners can stay in without cost until 10 a. m.
the day of the race, but must accept weights
by 11 o : clock a. m. Saturday. January "0.
It costs nothing if horse does not start.
Acceptance and entries will be accepted by
tel»>praph or telephone to the Oakland Race
track.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds:
t?5 Limerick 103! (466) Burdock 10J
642 Choteau 112](E38>BlUy Moore 112
tB5 Rawtto K»9| €13 Nance O'Nell. ...in?
&fO Al-orlg'.ne 10»| KM Will Fay 109
<61f>)l.'pr*Tcnist 107 : (C?.S) Joe McGee... 109
5C2 Bisquoc 109 1 C3S Antler 103
E€s Tizana 103 I
Seeor.a race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling :
CIS Jingle Jingle.... 91 1 631 Antonlett* 97
(Cl?>)Pugden l flf) ! f^S Fav*r*ham 109
C 36 Racivan 102 (6H3)Momentum 106
G36 Good Hope 104 ,V,4 Rosalbra 106
6M Montallade 103 615 Miss Marlon lf>4
C.o)G«nua SS| £S0 Sallle Goodwin.. lol
!M Mike Rice Ill ; 631 Ailenna 91
C2S Summer S3 l £S4 Maud Ferguson. 98
333 Alleviate 103
Thirl race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling:
... Clonsilla 112! C 34 Mountebank .... 99
(CS3)Theory 109 i G 33 Harry Thoburn.llo
Fourth race— Mile and a quarter; the Belmont
etakes, J1200:
618 Topmast l^o (614)Bannockburn ...125
Cl 2 Forte I°s rfi32)Daisy F 109
<612)M*adowthorpe ..107 €14 Rosormonde ....113
€37 Potente 108 632 Zoroaster 118
Fifth race — Five and a half furlonin; three
year-olds and upward: . ¦
277 Mafada 120 (543)Tellowtall 104
€17 Diomed ...101 626 Sardine 99
626 Timemaker 120
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
anl upward:
C'"K> Terrene 97! K6 Ollnthus 99
r.sn Katie Gibbons.. .lo4 .W, San Venado. 112
<ei4J ßannockbum ...112! £35 Etromo 99
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Joe McGee. Limerick, Nance
O'Nell.
Second race — Good Hope, Miss Marion, Maud
Ferruson.
Third race— Theory. Clonsilla, Harry TBo
burn.
Fourth race— Zoroaster, Daisy F, Forte.
Fifth race--Yellowta.il, Tlmemaker. Sardine.
Sixth race — Bannockbum, Oltnthus, San Ye-
FLEET HARES
TEST STRONG
GREYHOUNDS
Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller
Wins Cleverly at Union
Coursing Park.
Maher & Reid's greyhound, Uncle Ful
ler, after showing gradual improvement in
his running- for some time, captured the
midweek stake yesterday at Union Cours
ing Park. He defeated In turn Bonita.
Ever Sure, Nonpareil, Dempsey Lass,
Prince Hal and, in the final, Wildwood.
The dogs were evenly matched, Uncle
Fuller leading up and securing the first
turn by only a length. There were some
quick exchanges on the hare. Uncle Ful
ler winning ultimately by a score of eight
points to six.
The coursing throughout the day was
notable from the number of three-minute
courses, there being four in the run-down.
The victors were Patria, Chief of the Hill,
Re-Annex, May Girl and Bill Foster. Each
showed the effects of the severe course,
the four going out in the succeeding
round.
It was generally a favorite's day, al
though they failed to raise a flag on sev
eral occasions. The most notable upset
was the defeat of Torment by May Girl,
the former being favorite at odds of 10
to 1. The course lasted three minutes, the
score being 25 to 11. Flashing Lass beat
Kcho at 1 to 3. Rona beat Rest Assured
at 2 to 5. Baby King beat Three Cheers
at 1 to 3, while Nellie Bawn won from
Miss Skyrocket at the same odds. The re
sults, with the official scores, follow: .
J. Kennedy's Night Time beat M. London's
Magneto, 5-3; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat
F. A. McComb's One Spot, 10-3; Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured beat H. H. Gray's Terranette,
4-1 j H. H. Gray's Rona beat F. A. McComb's
Little Joker, 14-4; Curtis & Son's Commodore
beat J. Muller's Mocorlta, 11-5; & McCullough's
Flashing Lass beat Curtis & Son's Echo, 21-9;
Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat F. Cox's
Halrbraln, 11-4; Fred Mack's Delia M. beat Q.
Lehnsen's Firefly. 10-3; J. Kennedy's Ever Sure
beat F. C. Mack's Black Pattl. 8-2: Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller beat D. Ford's Bonita. 9-4;
Lowe & Thompson's Patria beat S. E. Portal's
Laurelwood 11., 2S-11; Hall A Newell's Non
parlel beat S. E. Portal's Sophie, 14-5; Pasha
Kennels' Sylvia beat G. Sharman's Walt a Bit;
7-5; Al. Austin's Los Angeles beat M. Kavan
augh's Hard Lines, 11-S; J. Ronnlng's Dempsey
Lass a bye. Signal withdrawn; S. Mahoney's
Chief of the Hill beat Jeff. Martenet's Buxton.
18-13; George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket beat
Pasha Kennels' May Hempetead, 10-1; W. C.
Glasscn's Terronite beat T. Nevin's Nellie N.,
IS-5; Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn beat Hall &
Newell's Florence N., 6-0; Al. Austin's Firm
Foe beat H. E. Allen's Fireball, 4-0; Pacha
Kennels' Re-Annex beat J. Strehl's Jlmrnie
Cork, 29-17; J. Murnane's Wildwood beat W. F.
Hobb's Mercy May, 3-2; Maher & Reid's Single
ton beat J. O'Dowd's Clifton Lass. 9-3: Jeff.
Martenet's Bill Foster beat P. Moriarity's St.
Carlo. 15-7; J. Strehl's Three Cheers beat Cork
ery & Hoßan'n High Dice, 8-2; Kelly & Han
ley's Baby King beat F. C. Patterson's Fire
Queen, 6-4: D. E. Wiley's May Olrl beat R. L.
Taylor's Torment, 25-11: W. C Olasson's Ter
rona beat J. Harder's Comrade, 6-0.
Second round— Vanity Fair beat Night Time,
S-2; Rona beat Rest Assured, 6-3; Commodore
beat Flashing Lass, 12-4; Annie Hal beat Delia
M., 12-0; Uncle Fuller beat Ever Sure, 7-1: Non
parlel beat Patria, 6-0; Los Angeles beat Sylvia,
19-3: Dempsey Lass beat Chief of the Hill. 7-2;
Miss Skyrocket beat Terronite, 5-0; Nellie
Bawn beat Firm Foe, 3-1; Wildwood beat Re-
Annex, 7-2; Singleton beat Bill Foster, 34-5;
Baby King beat Three Cheers. 12-5; Terrona
beat May Girl, 6-2.
Third round— Rona beat Vanity Fair, S-2;
Prince Hal beat Commodore, 7-4; Uncle Fuller
beat Nonparlel. 6-0: Dempsey Lass beat Los
Angeles, 6-4; Nellie Bawn beat Miss Skyrocket.
15-8; WildwocMi beat Singleton, 14-7; Terrona
boat Baby King. 4-3.
Fourth round— Prince Hal beat Rona, 11-9;
Uncle Fuller beat Dempsey Lass, 4-0; Wildwood
beat Nellie Bawn, 8-2; Terrona a bye.
Fifth round— Uncle Fuller b<»at Prince t Hal,
6-3; Wildwood heat Terrona. 8-2.
Final— Uncle Fuller beat Wildwood, 8-4.
THIS WEEK'S STAKES.
A high-class open stake with eighty
eight entries and a puppy stake with
twenty-six entries is the card offered by
the officials of Union Park for Saturday
and Sunday. The total prize money is
J905. Coursing will commence each day
upon the arrival at the park of the 10:15
a. m. train. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
Sapllnp; utßke. twenty-elx Aoga— E. Wickson's
Glad Rufnan vs. J. Gibson's Run Away; J.
Keenan's Florence Blythe vs. F. Jones' Wedge
wood: \V. H. Jones' Annie Uwrence vs. H. F.
Anderson's Crawford Lass; T. J. Cronln's Vixen
vs. H. I-ynch's Llnton; F. Brown's Tammany
vs. J. Gibson's Llghtfoot; D. Rlordan's Mollia
U vs Al Austin's Bohemian Girl; H. Lynch's
l^avonla vs. W. H. Jones' St. Ives; J. D. Saw
yer's Captain Evans vs. F. Jones' Tom Hur
lick; E. Wickson's Gladys Ru/flan vs. J. H.
Frank's Glen Girl; George Nethercott's Freda
vs. C. Brown's Busy Body; R. Prinsle's Ban
nockburn vs. W. H. Jones' St. Valentine; F.
Schou's Lady Glenklrk vs. T. J. Cronin's Van
dal: Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful vs. J. 11.
Frank's Gl"n Ann.
Open stake, eighty-eight dogs— J. H. Perlgo's
Controller vs. 11. I ynch'e Lexington; R. EX de
B. Lopez' Sara vs. Ed Evatt's Hurricane;
"Curtis & Son's Cash vs. Pasha Kennels' May
Hompstead; E. M. KellogK's Sweet Emma vs.
Erwln & Lyon's Silver Lyon; George Whitney's
Theron vs. J. M. Halton's Lavender; Handy &
Smith's Petronlus vs. W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore; Patrick Horgan's Lawton's Brigade vs.
J. McEnroe's Nor'wost; J. Murnane's Wlldwood
vs. P. J. RclUy'B Warship; Patrick Horgan's
Lucretia Borgia v». D. J. Healey's Grenada;
F. Moran's Bit of Fashion vs. E. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy; Maher & Reid's Singleton vs. E.
& R. Scott's Lcrd Byron; Pasha Kennels' Syl
via vs. Pnsha Kennels' Royal Anne; M. J.
•O'NelH's Pat Rellly vs. D. Ford's Bonlta; J. M.
Halton's Tic Tac vs. F. Moran's False Flatterer;
Lowe & Thompson's JeMomy vs. P. J. Rellly's
Grafter; J. Hurley's O X Capitol vs. D. J.
Healey's Lady Clare; Hall & Newell's Florence
N vs. J. E. Shaw's Lucky Dog; George Shar
man's Wait a Bit vs. Gus Abercrombie's Rock
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
CALLED GHOSTS
AND FORCED HER
TO MARRY RIM
Mrs. Reddan's Weird
Allegations.
SHE ASKS FOR AN ANNULMENT
SAYS HEB HUSBAND AND HIS
MOTHER STOLE HER.
Claims They Invited Her to Their
Home, Imprisoned Her and Com
pelled Her to Become a
Wife.
A dark room In which Augustus Reddan
reclined In his home at 511 Jones street
and called up shadows from the spirit
world, threats to maim, to kill and to Im
prison are the reasons which prompted
Mrs. Grace M. Reddan to marry, she al
leg"es In a complaint filed yesterday. In
which she prays for a decree annulling
the ties that bind her. Mrs. Reddan was
Miss Grace M. Lynch ur.til she married
Augustus Reddan on the nipht of Novem
ber 8 last. A few days following the mar
riage the neighbors were furnished with
food for gossip when the story et>t out
that the young bride had deserted her
husband while he was sleeping, a few
hours alter the ceremony was per
formed. In a complaint liU'd yesterday
Mrs. Reddan sets up various alleged reas
ons for her peculiar actions.
Mrs. Reddan says ehe vi^ted the home
of her husband's mother on the sth of
November, IWS. at 511 Jones street, and
was induced to remain over night ana was
promised that she could return to her par
ents' home the next day. She did as re
quested, but when Fhe awoke the next
morning she discovered that her wearing
apparel had disappeared, and on Investi
gation found that Reddan and his mother
had secreted it in a closet, but on de
mand the oid lady refused to deliver it
to her. but pave her an old wrapper to
weal" around the home. For three days,
Fhe says, they thus kept her prisoner. On
the following day, November 6, they took
her Into a dark room, her complaint con
tinues, and there Reddan entered into a
pretended trance and said he could see
her father with a revolver in his hand,
and that, he would either send her to
VVhittier Reform School or shoot her. All
3ay long Mrs. Reddan. the younger, says
phe was in constant dread and fear o€
Reddan and his mother, and was .for
biddrn, under penalty of death, to leave
the house, unless she married the defend
ant. The following Monday she demand
ed to be let out of the bouse, but was
refused her liberty. Tuesday she was
again denied her liberty and on Wednes
day the defendant and his mother told
her that she would be shot unless she
consented to marry, and backed up their
threat by language too vulgar to mention,
the same evening, about S o'clock, she
Ras told that a marriage license was pro
rurrrd and at the same time \V. EL Red
dan, defendant's father, entered the home
In company of a minister of the gospel,
and she was forced to marry young Rtd
dan. The next morning at 2 o'clock, while
the defendant and his mother were aslee p,
Mrs. Itc ddan says, she escaped from the
house and has since remained away, and
at no time has entered into the mar
riage relation with him. In conclusion.
she prays for a decree annulling the mar
riage on the grounds named.
Mr. Reddan denied each and every alle
gation made by his wife. He pays that
on the day of the marriage hi«" wife's
father came to the house, and that she
then said that she loved Mr. Reddan and
would marry him in spite of any opposi
tion. Friends Wf-.re present at the .cere
mony, he also states, r_nd -as- his wife
was not less anxious to marry than he,
he looked forward to a happy future. He
Is unable to explain his wife's desertion
of him, but says that he believes her
eister is largely responsible. When the
rase goes to trial he promises to disprove
nil her allocutions, and hones fn.rfiscnvoi-
WHITE HORSE
CELLAR
SCOTCH
WHISKY.
raoac
MACKIE & CO., ISLAY, SCOTLAND.
CHARLES MEINECKB & CO..
?I4 Sacramento St., & V.. CaL
«>>ES^Sf<nß F! * •» I' » non-poiiorr>Ts»
11 **mc*isl 'enedy for Gonorrhir*.
JBS&rCVII'E» y &f\ <" ; l*et. Bp«rmatorihf\
KgSa? to 1 to » 4«ji.^H White*, oanataril h*.
ISfktf Go»r»atM.l y chwecn. or my lnfia-nma-
jf*Cj not to nrtatar*. tion. irritation or uk-era*
p>-«|» r mta oaaugloa. tioa of uncoil mera-
BTZVHtEvAHS ChemtuCo. braneg. Moo-wtrlagene.
fSAcmamn.o.EHH Sow by Dwntatt,
IB*?*. C " A 223 or sent tn P l * l^ wraBJW,
by express, prepaid, lorn
<^6fflß&ttaML^y|| fi.oo, or s bottle*. &.:&.
v y Cirrjiar Mat c* fin at.
ilill ea k
There is nothlr.s like ELECTRICITY to put
life vim an.l visor into weak men 6r women.
Drugs give but temporary relief; act merely as
a stimulant, but Electricity flics to all wealc
parts of the body, imuartins nature* force
thereto and doing the required work surely and
In a uerinanent manner. If "run down" in
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. Ise an Electric Belt, for that is tha
best method of applying It; but be sure you K»t
a good one while you are about it; in short, try
'"Dr. Plerce's. " for it is guaranteed to b*> the
best Electric Belt on earth.
(C7"Bocklet No. 2" free at office cr sent by
mail for a 2c stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market street. SAN FKAXCISCO.
63 Tribune Bulldlne. NEW YORK.
jjipßTlßs
FREE! Trial Treatment FREE!
Call at my offices and take a trial of Medical Electricity from my grand Static Battery, free.
This illustrates the power of my method of curing diseases by my
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
Restores the 'HP ;lk ISilsi est Bel * ade '
Vital Organs! -.BypMH No Burning Disks!
Circulates the Blood! Bill f^M^W|f^l|| ' ¦ Perfect Regulator!
Invigorates the System! 'B|llZp^^fcjr ' Greatest Blessing in the
Over 10,000 Sold! 9t'-^^B»|j Medical World!
Every One a Cure! PQ^^SL JhEI~) Send for Free Book.
The Remedy for # Pain, Weakness and Nervo-Vital Diseases! A Muscle Builder!
A Nerve Tonic for Man and Woman!
r*F> JVi A Mr* I AIT^Hf IIV 7 °2 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco, and
OrV» 1YI« /A».ITIC'L./\Uv.IOLaII^I«. : Burdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Streets, Los Angeles. ¦ V
. * Office hours— S a.m. to 8:30 p.m.: Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
CiA f\ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; maidens; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— Yt. :24«J; H. :«%: %. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, B.
Schreiber's b. c, by Imp. Foul Shot-Gratitude.
Bullman on winner outrode Kiley. Event showed Improvement. Tekla well backed.
Scratched — Red Cherry 103. . t
C&/4 1 SECOND RACE— One mile; four hurdles; maiden*; four-year-olds and upward;
VTI« purse. $400.
Time— l:s44. Bad etart. Won first, three driving. Winner, J. G. Brown A Co.'b b. g.,
by Meddler- Prize.
The whole thing a comedy of errors.
Scratched— lndra 142.
CiAt} THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
Time— l ;. :25: 4. O0*A; «4. 1:16: mile, IMI4. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. W. L. Stanfleld's b. «:., by Apache-Marin.
Toriblo handled weight like a longshoreman. Sllvertall quit. Storm King up against
It BKa!n. Gleneaber sulked.
Scratched— Enjoyment 99, Greyhurst 121. Sueden 116, Kastalne 114, Summer 104, Katie
Gibbons 114.
{5^. Q FOURTH RACE— Seven furlonrs: three-year-olds and upward: purse, fSOO.
Tlme-Vi. :12H: %. :24; s*. :36; %. l:(Wi: T 6. 1:26. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, E. Corrlßan's b. g., by Ben All-Hot Springs.
Bcndoran probably not ready. Geyser came in on the bit.
(54-4 FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
•Disqualified for fouling and placed last.
r JF lm .T~ U - '¦V?. i -?- :3^ : $• :50: % - I:2S - Bad Btart Won Rr^ t thre « driving. Winner.
J. D. Fltzg<*rald> b. g., by St. Carlo-Imp. Maiden Belle.
Winner pounds the best. Jenkins on Owyhee tossed the race away. Others a poor lot
Scratched — Ijeda«*a 102.
.pacific Coast Steamship Co
1^ Steamers leav» Broadway
txfc— wharf, Pan Frar.c'.sco:
•s*S3ggv Fnr Alaskan p^rta, 10 a. m..
jS«K2?!M^ Jan. 21, 26, 31. Feb. 5. Char.g-*
E3kEaS\§r3 to company' » stearr.ers at
yy93«?!S9U * Victoria. Vancouver.
P'NKtfai en. C). Port Towns<>nil.
"liMt Seattle. Taconia, Everett,
Anacortes and New What-
corn (Wash.). 10 a. m., Jan.
a M SI. Feb. 3 and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver tr> C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan.
19 ZA 23 Feb. 3. and every lKth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Lo« Angeles) and Newport. 3
a. m.. Jan. 19. 23. 27. «. Feb. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter. «_»•»,.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Loi
Aneelea and Redondo (Los Angelea). 11 a. m.,
Jan. 21. 25, 20. Feb. 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th. >of each
month.
For further Information obtain eempany i
folder.
Th» company reserves the right to chance
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICK El' orriOß-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace IWe!).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Omn Alfts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Time— H. :12u ; %, :37. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner B.
Corrißan a b. g.. by imp. Bassetlaw-Idol. '
Start cave winner the race. Gaylon Brown might have won with a fair break He
was almost left.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IF O R.TILjJL IST 3D
¦ From Epear-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £ ' 2 First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 23; Feb. 2. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 23; Feb. 7. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spck3ne, Butte.
Helena and all . points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market «treet.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
SZV TORS. SOUTHAXFTON. LONDON. PAEU
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. tn.
New Yorlc Jan. 2> I New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 31 I St. Louis Feb. 21
St. Pau! Feb. 7 J Frlesland Feb. 2i
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
FronuXew York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Frlesland Jan. 24 | Kensington ....Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 | Noordland Feb 21
Westernland....Feb. T| Friealand Feb. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Oawson' City
For full Information regardlnr freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE- WHARF. COR-
ner of. First and n ran nan streets, 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and Honykonnr. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagnnakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on dar
of salllne.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan 13
NIPPON MARL' Friday. Feb 9
AMERIQA MARU Wednesday Mar I
Via Honolulu. „
Round-trip tickets at reduced 1 rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offle*
421 Market street, comer First " *
W. H. AVKRY, General Agent.
OTEmSM- KrVd^eSl
'? ! fMI& r /^mn-snii ??-f for Honolulu
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Pamoa. New Zealand. Australia. Indfa. Suez!
England, etc.: JSIO first claw. *"
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts.. H4 Montawnen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Frei B ht 0ft«.321 SSKt
COKPAGHrE GZMEBALX TRANBATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday lr.st-ad of <^*fff\
Saturday, from November 2, 1399 at w*esSe>h
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton »t: LA GASCOGNE. Jan 25 • La NOR-
MANDIE. Feb. 1; L* BRETAGNE Feb ""
UAQUITAINE. Feb. 15. Flrst-ctaM to Havre'
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
.trip. Second clasa to Havre. $45; 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AOrvrv
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA »
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J
F FLGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agent, j
Montgomery ay».. San Francisco.
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. SIS Market.
BAY. AND RIVER STEAMERS.
4
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
628 First Shot 106 3
€28 Coming Event 105 2
604 March Seven 97 7
SSS Tom Sharkey 99 1
631 Fille dOr 105 6
628 Tomale .* 115 5
897 Caesar Toung 104 8
598 Tekla 104 9
430 Ella Dv Poy 97 4
VTelsht. St.
Km.
Km.
Mm.
2 1
1 1
4 h
8 3
8 tt
6tt
9
Tt
%tn.
2 2
1 1
<H
7 3
8 3 '
8H
6tt
.9
62
Str.
2 2
Hi
32
4 *4
6h
6 8
7 1
Btf
9
Fin.
r%*
2 n
8 4
4 2
6 2
6 H
7%
8 V 4
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Bullman 2 9-5
Klley 8 15
T. Walsh 6 9-2
J. Martin. 8 10
E. Ross 30 60
Henry 40 100
Jenkins 8 12
Vittltoe 3 12-5
Phelan 20 60
Index.
idex. Horse. Age. W«lg
629 Credo, 6
C 27 Una Colorado a...
453 Major S, a
... Gilt Edge, 4
... Sokombeo. 5
627 Meddler, a
P99 Oraibee, 4
C 27 Ballsta. 4
Horse.
Age. "Wolsht. |St
I
ght. St.
..138 8
..139 1
..139 7
..131 4
..13$ 6
..139 2
..131 5
..131 L«ft
3 h 23
4 40 3 10
6 h 4 40
24 1 h
6 6
1 5 Fell
Refused
tfm.
1H
3 8
4 100
2 3
5
%m.
Betting.
Str. Fin. Jockeys. « Op. Cl.
13 11 McKenna 6 15
2V4 m Hanna 29 20
4 100 3 150 J. Sullivan.... 3 11-2
S3 Fell Ambrose 10 20
Pulled up Evans 10 20
Glover 8-2 6-5
Moody 10 20
Lenhart 5-2 7-2
Etr.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
!im.
4m.
%m.
Str.
I jßettins.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(599) Toriblo, 5 1211 4
623 Del Paso 11. a 124 1 6
606 Sllvertail. 3 101 3
629 Ptorm King. 8 124 1
€31 Choteau, 3 104 5
(620) Duke of York n, 5.. 121 10
426 Alarla, 4 114 2
671 Lulu W. 4 U4l 7
(593) Glensaber. 4 119 8
623 Inverary 11, 5 121 9
S 4
5 h
2 2
10
4 1
«4
'8 4
9 1
5 1
6 2
2 1
1 n
4 h
8 S
54
7 2
9 5
10
8 1
6 h
14
2 14
4 4
10
63
7 4
8 2
9
1 4
2 h
34
4 2
6 2
7 4
6 1
8 3
9 1
. 10
1 14 Jenkins ....... 6 10
2 1 Spencer 5-2 t
8 4 B. Ross 12 8
4 14 Thorpe 5-2 4
6 4 T. Wa15h...... 8 1J
6 2 Henry 20 $0
7 3 Morgan 7-2 6
8 4 N. Hill 20 SO
9 2 Plsrgott 10 12
10 Glover 40 100
(
(
<r,v
(341
0
I
:. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
Geyser. 6 109J 1
Advance Guard, 3.. 94! 2
Bendoran, B 1121 3
Tar Hill. 3 941 4
Urn.
2 4
4
1 2
3H
Mm.
2~5
4
1 2
8 H
2 3
3 4
1 V,
Str.
1 3
2 h
3 4
4
Fin.
1 2 !
2 4 .
3 2 .
4
Jockeys.
Spencer
J. Martin
Jenkins
T. Walsh
Betting.
Op. Cl.
4-5 11-I<>
10 20
1 9-10
80 60
Index.
fir)
€29 i
C 39 '
ET»S
«?¦¦» '
f/17 :
e?o
E97 '
CIO
€33
611 i
:. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm.
Chaa. t* Bel. 6 110 12 11
ftwyhw, 4 10T| 8 B 4
Pom'-... B 11?| 7 4 4
Tom Smith, a 1071 4 m
Master I^ee 4 104 6 7 3
Col. Root, 5 112! 3 S 4
Pan Atipustlne, 4.. .1041 1 2 m
Loconomp, 5 110,5 3h
The Offering, 4 ir>2! 2 10 4
I'terp. 4 1021 9 6 4
IVlecta. 4 lllilO 9 \i
Collins, a 112U1 12
Crok<r. 4 ing! L#ft ...
Mm.
7 2
2 4
5 t
1 h
6 4
9 4
3 h
4 4
8 1
10
11
12
? 4
1 1
8 h
2 1
8 2
9
6 4
5 1
10
7 4
11
12
Str.
S n
1 4
4 1
2 h
5 1
7 1
8 1
6 1
9 3
10
11
12
Fin. Jockeys. 1
1 4 Thorpe
2 V Uenklns
3 h IGlover
4 5 Hwiry
5 4 Stuart
6 2 Plßpott
7 3 N. Hill :..
8 2 E. Hops
9 3 I. Powell
10 Basslng-er
11 Ruiz
12 IKlley
... -|MorKan
Bettlnsr.
Op. Cl.
B-2 14-5
7-2 6-2
12 50
30 20
12 15
12 15
8 6
30 BO
40 60
10 12
12 80
15 EO
6 10
Index.
:. Horse.
I
Weight. !St.
1
Urn. »4m.
%m.
Btr.
Mn.
' Jockeys.
ißettlncr.
Op. CT.
630
«13
filS
630 i
M. T. Tarp
Ullafron ...
Pritnn
Oaylon Bro-
Location . .
poy
mi 2
110! 4
110; 1
I 105' 6
no! 3
1 1
s l
2 3
5
4 2
1 4
2*4
S 1
4 2
6
1 2
2 3
3 n
4 3
S
Spencer
Morgan
KHey
T. Walsh
Ruiz
. 3-5 1-2
8 12
. 12 E0
2 11-5
t> 33
Index.
:. Horse.
I
Weight. !St.
1
Urn. »4m.
%m.
Btr.
Mn.
' Jockeys.
ißettlncr.
Op. CT.
630
«13
filS
630 i
M. T. Tarp
Ullafron ...
Pritnn
Oaylon Bro-
Location . .
poy
mi 2
110! 4
110; 1
I 105' 6
no! 3
1 1
s l
2 3
5
4 2
1 4
2*4
S 1
4 2
6
1 2
2 3
3 n
4 3
S
Spencer
Morgan
KHey
T. Walsh
Ruiz
. 3-5 1-2
8 12
. 12 E0
2 11-5
t> 33
(
(
<r,v
(341
0
I
:. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
Geyser. 6 109J 1
Advance Guard, 3.. 94! 2
Bendoran, B 1121 3
Tar Hill. 3 941 4
Urn.
2 4
4
1 2
3H
Mm.
2~5
4
1 2
8 H
2 3
3 4
1 V,
Str.
1 3
2 h
3 4
4
Fin.
1 2 !
2 4 .
3 2 .
4
Jockeys.
Spencer
J. Martin
Jenkins
T. Walsh
Betting.
Op. Cl.
4-5 11-I<>
10 20
1 9-10
80 60
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
!im.
4m.
%m.
Str.
I jßettins.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(599) Toriblo, 5 1211 4
623 Del Paso 11. a 124 1 6
606 Sllvertail. 3 101 3
629 Ptorm King. 8 124 1
€31 Choteau, 3 104 5
(620) Duke of York n, 5.. 121 10
426 Alarla, 4 114 2
671 Lulu W. 4 U4l 7
(593) Glensaber. 4 119 8
623 Inverary 11, 5 121 9
S 4
5 h
2 2
10
4 1
«4
'8 4
9 1
5 1
6 2
2 1
1 n
4 h
8 S
54
7 2
9 5
10
8 1
6 h
14
2 14
4 4
10
63
7 4
8 2
9
1 4
2 h
34
4 2
6 2
7 4
6 1
8 3
9 1
. 10
1 14 Jenkins ....... 6 10
2 1 Spencer 5-2 t
8 4 B. Ross 12 8
4 14 Thorpe 5-2 4
6 4 T. Wa15h...... 8 1J
6 2 Henry 20 $0
7 3 Morgan 7-2 6
8 4 N. Hill 20 SO
9 2 Plsrgott 10 12
10 Glover 40 100
Index.
fir)
€29 i
C 39 '
ET»S
«?¦¦» '
f/17 :
e?o
E97 '
CIO
€33
611 i
:. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm.
Chaa. t* Bel. 6 110 12 11
ftwyhw, 4 10T| 8 B 4
Pom'-... B 11?| 7 4 4
Tom Smith, a 1071 4 m
Master I^ee 4 104 6 7 3
Col. Root, 5 112! 3 S 4
Pan Atipustlne, 4.. .1041 1 2 m
Loconomp, 5 110,5 3h
The Offering, 4 ir>2! 2 10 4
I'terp. 4 1021 9 6 4
IVlecta. 4 lllilO 9 \i
Collins, a 112U1 12
Crok<r. 4 ing! L#ft ...
Mm.
7 2
2 4
5 t
1 h
6 4
9 4
3 h
4 4
8 1
10
11
12
? 4
1 1
8 h
2 1
8 2
9
6 4
5 1
10
7 4
11
12
Str.
S n
1 4
4 1
2 h
5 1
7 1
8 1
6 1
9 3
10
11
12
Fin. Jockeys. 1
1 4 Thorpe
2 V Uenklns
3 h IGlover
4 5 Hwiry
5 4 Stuart
6 2 Plßpott
7 3 N. Hill :..
8 2 E. Hops
9 3 I. Powell
10 Basslng-er
11 Ruiz
12 IKlley
... -|MorKan
Bettlnsr.
Op. Cl.
B-2 14-5
7-2 6-2
12 50
30 20
12 15
12 15
8 6
30 BO
40 60
10 12
12 80
15 EO
6 10
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
628 First Shot 106 3
€28 Coming Event 105 2
604 March Seven 97 7
SSS Tom Sharkey 99 1
631 Fille dOr 105 6
628 Tomale .* 115 5
897 Caesar Toung 104 8
598 Tekla 104 9
430 Ella Dv Poy 97 4
VTelsht. St.
Km.
Km.
Mm.
2 1
1 1
4 h
8 3
8 tt
6tt
9
Tt
%tn.
2 2
1 1
<H
7 3
8 3 '
8H
6tt
.9
62
Str.
2 2
Hi
32
4 *4
6h
6 8
7 1
Btf
9
Fin.
r%*
2 n
8 4
4 2
6 2
6 H
7%
8 V 4
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Bullman 2 9-5
Klley 8 15
T. Walsh 6 9-2
J. Martin. 8 10
E. Ross 30 60
Henry 40 100
Jenkins 8 12
Vittltoe 3 12-5
Phelan 20 60
Index.
idex. Horse. Age. W«lg
629 Credo, 6
C 27 Una Colorado a...
453 Major S, a
... Gilt Edge, 4
... Sokombeo. 5
627 Meddler, a
P99 Oraibee, 4
C 27 Ballsta. 4
Horse.
Age. "Wolsht. |St
I
ght. St.
..138 8
..139 1
..139 7
..131 4
..13$ 6
..139 2
..131 5
..131 L«ft
3 h 23
4 40 3 10
6 h 4 40
24 1 h
6 6
1 5 Fell
Refused
tfm.
1H
3 8
4 100
2 3
5
%m.
Betting.
Str. Fin. Jockeys. « Op. Cl.
13 11 McKenna 6 15
2V4 m Hanna 29 20
4 100 3 150 J. Sullivan.... 3 11-2
S3 Fell Ambrose 10 20
Pulled up Evans 10 20
Glover 8-2 6-5
Moody 10 20
Lenhart 5-2 7-2
Etr.R Jj
Powers of the Fire Committee.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee de
cided yesterday to request the City At
torney for an opinion as to the powers
of the committee to grant privileges for
alterations of buildings. The Board of
Public Works Is vested with the- author
ity heretofore held by the Supervisors.
An opinion will be also received as to
the committees power to let contracts
for supplies for the Fire Department.
The Judiciary Committee will be asked to
define the duties of the standing com
mittees of the board. The San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company was granted
an extension of time to remove 100 poles
in what is known as "Underground Dis
trict No. 1," In the business section of
tho city. The company is unable to take
•down the poles, because the city uses
them for Fire Department wires and no
money is available to place the city's
wires underground.
SCOTT ADJUDGED
INELIGIBLE FOR
PUBLIC OFFICE
Judge Seawell Holds That He Was
Not Long Enough a
Resident.
Is Still in Power, However, and Another Battle
May Be Fought for the Tax Col
lector's Place.
WEBSTER LOSES
HIS FIGHT FOR
HIGH SALARIES
Turned Down by the
School Board.
CASSERLY WOULD NOT STAND
Superintendent of Schools Webster was
turned down cold yesterday by the Board
of Education. For' three weeks past he
has been fighting to have that body fix
tho salaries of his deputies at a figure
which would make it worth the while of
a competent educator to take up the
work. He considered $250 per month as
none too much and held out for that
amount. ' There was no member of the
School Board, however, who agreed with
him. President Mark was willing to make
tho monthly stipend $200 per month and
Webster at one time agreed to accept that
figure. When it came to a vote, however,
Denman, Casserly and Mrs. Kincald ob
jected. Casserly wanted to make it $2100
per year: Denman and Mrs. Kincald
wanted to allow but $150 per month and it
was known that they had candidates of
their own for two of the positions which
Webster proposed to fill.
When tne meeting came off yesterday
Webster made a formal application for
the amount which he first mentioned. He
figured on Casserly and Mark to back him
up, but Casserly went over to Denman
and Kincaid and Mark supported him
only in a negative manner. The result
was that a resolution presented by Cas
serly, but prepared by Denman, was
adopted (MarK not voting;, fixing the
monthly salary at $150. Webster entered
a formal protest anu left the room. The
reason given by the board for fixing the
salary at so low an amount was that in
tho opinion of the members a deputy
superintendent should receive no more
than a grammar school principal, but as
four grammar school principals now In
the department are receiving $200 per
month, Mr. Webster considers the excuse
inconsistent.
"This action by the board has disar
ranged all my plains and I do not know
now just what 1 shall do." said Mr. Web
ster, shortly after the meeting. "I had
intended to employ in the work I have
mapped out the most competent educators
in the department, but all of them have
told me that they would work for no such
amount as has been set aside for them.
I do not doubt but that I can find plenty
of people willing to become deputies for
$150 per month, and capable people at
that, but they will not be those who are
familiar with the reforms I have had in
view or as competent as those I had
selected to carry those reforms into effect.
There will be no appointments made for
some time to come."
A petition 'was received from the. West
of Castro Street Improvement Ciub re
questing the board to provide a school
house in the vicinity west of Diamond
street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-fourth. It stated that the locality
in question was quite thickly populated,
and that the schoolhouse is an impera
tive necessity. The petition was referred
to a committee.
The board decided to adopt the rules of
189(5 without any of the subsequent amend
ments.
Ex-Inspector of Repairs Walker was di
rected to turn over all the property un
der his control to the Board of Public
Works, except a horse and buggy, which
will be retained for use in the depart
ment.
Secretary Hanson, who was authorized
at the last meeting of the board to adver
tise for bids for the removal of garbage,
requested that specifications be furnished
and it was so ordered.
Mrs. Orennan. a teacher In the Sunny
vale School, who has been under suspen
sion for two months, petitioned for re
instatement to her old position. As she
was never accorded a trial by the old
board, she will be given a hearing on
Thursday morning, January 25.
Miss M. D. Patrick sent in her resig
nation as a day teacher and it was ac
cepted. Miss Ida Roberts was transferred
from tho Grant to the John Swett School
at her own request, vice Miss B. Dworza
zek, resigned. Miss K. B. Childs of the
Denham School was granted a leave of
absence for six months.
If you are framing pictures examine our
new moldings and matboards In tints to
match. Any picture can be appropriately
and Inexpensively fitted in our frame de-
partment. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 711 Mar-
ket street. •
SPECIAL ROUND TRiP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES
Mcst rotjrl Mineral Springs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood. Liver.
Kidney, Stomach and other disorder*. Apply
FRAN' II W. ELY. City Agent. 610 Market it. '
WINYER RESORTS.
Sanitary Inspectors Assigned.
The physicians selected to act as as
sistant Sanitary Inspectors at the last
meeting of the Board of Health met last
night and drew lots for the first month's
service. Drs. Fitzgibbons. Pawllckl.
Freuholtz, Keenan and Green drew the
long straws and were assigned to their
districts by Chief Sanitary Inspector
Chalmers. They will begin their duties
immediately.
MAKE PERFECT MEK
S DO iSOT IH.«*H.*m : l>onotSuf
fer Longer! Tbe Joyp and ambitions of
life can be rertorrdto you. The Terr
worst run of »rvou« IlettilltT »ri
I A lIL.ErTH.UiTe prompt relief to in-
"O"'" 1 * lalllnjf memory «nd tbe w.Mo
and drain of »lt*l powers. Incurred by
in>!l*cretion*oreicetresof e»rly yens
Impart t 1 jror and potency to e»eryf unc-
tlon Brace op tn« system. Glt* bloom to t^e
rL. •¦¦kf s.r.d !oi,tr« to the t yes of /2^7\ vounic or old.
OnotOe box renews rital energy, ft 1 1 lfl boxes at
fJ. iOttcomplrtei:ui.rauTe>-d cure Vrfrrf o>- money T r
funded. Can be carried In Tert \Uf? pocket
•rery where. or mailed In plain wrapper on rerelnt of
pric» by TUX reSICLTO CO., urn. £v" lw2ir«Vui!
6old by Owl Drug Co.. 6. F. and Oakland.
Oirr nntfll C*™" Fourth and
CAFE RQYALiHbt^
Ytllact checked fx»t.
Want Potrero Avenue Paved.
The Nuevo Potrero Improvement Club,
which has done bo much since Its organi
zation a few months since for the better
ment of the eastern section of the Mis
sion, is out for the pavement of Potrero
avenue. At n meeting of the club last
night the status of street improvement
under the new charter was explained by
Attorney C. F. Kimball. secretary of tho
organization. All improvements on streets
must be done under the orders of the
Board of Public Works, and Secretaty
Kimball will at once call the attention of
thnt hody to the condition of the avenue.
The Afarket-fitreet Raihoa-1 Company
has constructed a trolley track on Twen
ty-fourth street from Potrero avenue to
Ithode Island strret.
Funeral of J. M. Semeria.
Jules M. Semerla, for a number of years
proprietor of the Lombardl restaurant,
died unexpectedly on the 14th Inst., after
a brief Illness. Yesterday California
Council, No. 530, of the National Union,
of which he was an active and honored
member, held Us very impressive service
lor the dead at his late residence
No. 1027 Clay street. The service was
conducted by L. Vincent, chaplain of th«
council. Thomas* S. Molloy. J. N. Bunt
ing. J. T. Field and F. B. Gibson and the
music Incidental to the service was by
the National Union Quartette. After this
service the remains were conveyed to the
Cnurch of Notre Dame dcs Victo'ires, where
there was solemn high mass. The inter
ment was in Holy Cross Cemetery. Mr.
Semeria was a native of France, 28 years
of age. He leaves besides his widow and
a son, his mother, two brothers and two
sisters.
Lamps
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming Just to See.
Great American Importins Tea Go.
Stores Eyerjrwlierc.
xoo Stores.
Ask for a Schoolhouse.
At a meeting of the Eureka Valley and
Park Lane Tract Improvement Club hold
last night a committee of five was appoint
ed to call on the members of the Board
of Public Works and request that they
condemn the lowering of Eureka street.
A petition signed by the members of the
district was also sent to the Board of
Education requesting that an eight-class
schoolhouse be erected for the accommo
dation of the children of the district.
Wants His Instruments Back.
Dr. C. C. J. Wachendorf. who was ao
quitted on a charge of murdering John
Kehlenbeck, secured a search warrant
from Judge Conlan yesterday to secure
possession of his trunk containing his
medical books and surgical Instruments,
valued at $300. He alleges that the trunk
was stolen from him and is now In the
custody of a Jano Doe at 1010 Montgomery
street.
TREATED A BOY TO WHISKY.
Mrs. Delia Blum Gets Ten Days in
the County Jail.
Mrs. Delia Blum, a middle aged woman
living on Third street, between Howard
and Folsom, gave a minor a drink of
whisky, and now she must serve ten days
in the County Jail in consequence.
Tho minor was Ernest Fields, a boy 9
years of age, whose parents live at 2G4
Third street. He called upon Mrs. Blum
Monday and afterward was found in an
intoxicated condition by a policeman.
Mrs. Blum stated in court yesterday that
the boy's parents were in the habit of
giving him a little whisky, and she
thought there was nothing wrong in treat
ing him to a tablespoonful. The boy testi
fied that he drank a glassful and the offi
cer said the boy was drunk.
Judge Cabaniss thought there were mit
igating circumstances and sentenced the
woman to pay a fine of $100, with the al
ternative of ten days in Jail.
Dr. Woods Lectures.
The Mothers* and .Teachers* Club held
an interesting meeting yesterday after
noon at the Bernal Heights School at
Cortland avenue and Andover street. A
general discussion of what was best for
the children took place, and Dr. Woods
of Stanford University addressed tho
meeting upon "Proper ivoods for School
Children." His discourse was highly in
structive and was well received by tho
many present.
MANUFACTURERS WILL
SOON HAVE A SHARE
WILL BE ALLOWED TO BID ON
FEDERAL CONTRACTS.
Fight of Western Jobbers Against
Unjust Discrimination in Favor
of Their Eastern Bivals.
For several years past the local com
mercial bodies have endeavored to secure
from the Federal authorities a chance
for the Western manufacturers to com
pete In the bidding for supplies for the
Government, but with poor success. It
has been generally believed that a "pull"
was being exercised by Eastern jobbers,
with the result that the West was shut
out of the competition. Shoes, clothing
and rations for the several army head
quarters along the Pacific have been sent
from the East, and even the supplies of
provisions, blankets, etc., for the In
dians, although the Western dealers have
stood ready and anxious to sell materials
of equal quality and at figures as low as
any given, minus the cost of transporta
tion.
The local commercial and Industrial
bodies some time ago joined in an urgent
appeal to the officials at Washington to
give the local manufacturers a chance
and. although some little headway was
made, the most encouraging response was
received yesterday at the Chamber of
Commerce.
Edward S. Rothchild of the firm of Hoff
man, Rothchild & Co., who was appointed
a special commissioner to visit Washing
ton and work among the representatives
of the West in an effort to secure a share
of Federal business, yesterday sent the
following encouraging report:
"I have met all the California delega
tion and took the matter up with them
fully. The Hon. Senator Perkins, E. F.
Loud and Julius Kahn, the latter especi
ally, are particularly solicitous. We
called upon the Quartermaster General
and are sure that San Francisco will have
a larger quota of business than she has
latterly had. I am in hopes that my ef
forts may be fraught with some good and
am sure that our Congressmen and Sena
tors, as also those of Oregon and Wash
ington, will co-operate in our at least hav
ing the opportunity for bidding on the
requirements for Government supplies as
they arise.
PASSED WORTHLESS CHECKS.
Mrs. M. A. Swift, Wife of an Army
Chaplain, Forges His Signature.
A. S. Mangrum of the firm of Mangrum
& Otter, hardware merchants, secured a
warrant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
afternoon for the arrest of Mrs. M. A.
Swift, wife of the chaplain of the Thir
teenth Regiment, now in Manila, on the
charge of obtaining goods and money by
false pretenses. It is alleged that Janu
ary 8 she called at the store and pur
chased $14 25 worth of articles, giving in
payment a check for $30 on the First Na
tional Bank of Denver, purporting to be
signed by her husband. The check was
returned marked "Forged signature."
Detective Cody was detailed on the case
by Captain Bohen and he induced Man
grum to swear to the warrant. The ar
ticles were sent to Angel Island, where
they were found, Mrs. Swirt not having
called for the parcel. It is also said that
she obtained goods from Smith's Cash
Store and paid for them with a check on
the Denver bank. Her husband has funds
in the bank, and it is thought that she
was under the impression she could draw
on them. The police learned yesterday
from army sources that she Is not respon
sible for her actions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Elce, the Weil-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
Time From Work.
To the thousands upon thousands cf ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusfft- and In momentary danger cf death from
Btr&ag-ulatlcn t>r. \V. S. Rice. «1S L. Main
etreet. Adamn, N.
V -« will senJ * ree
:^>*^^^^SS^ to a.l a trial of
V r^^ \- V\\ k' s famous method
'/ / V^'j \. that has saved so
¦/I t\ y many lives and
// JL « \\ made so many
("IpT* tff<^r «£S V rr.en. women am)
I v «''^-^i;l I' children well and
\ \l TfA . I *tror.g and perma-
\ J.'-3k~ . S S&\- ; / ¦ uently cured of old
W - .¦'*-J5QtL.' T • TS.-',/' end difficult rup-
\\ jgflPmEK'i "SV/ turrF. l>u not h"
f&T backward about
(vrjJVJaSfi-TKf.v 1 ' fcS*» writing for the
«7&i*ft«tt* ¦'•¦'#f i£ free trial. It will
Yli.'J*>Jl?Z'\t>Y 1 i.'J*>Jl?Z'\t> E- i?i cost you nothing
HiiCs'wf >' ou t 0 *** how
- easily ycu can cure
yourself in a very
M. K. LYMAN. rhort time without
loe'.cg an hour from work. Dr. Rice is deter-
mined that every suffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mall, his method, absolutely free, and
you ran make a free trial of It. Write to-day
without fail, as you cannot afford to miss this
fif-e and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyman. a hlphly esteemed citlren
of DeJray. Fla.. fays: "The Dr. Rice method is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
no protruFion and I have remained sound and
veil ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fail to write at once
for tJie free trial and thus cure yourself at home
without pain, danger or detention from the
day's work. Write at once. Commence now
end before the heavy work cf spring begins you
\ ... be cured eound as a dollar.
Write to Dr. W. 8. Rice. 418 L. Main St.,
Adams. N. Y. You will never regret having
dene so.
JUDGE SEAWELL, has sustained
those provisions of the charter fixing
the qualifications necessary for suc
cessful candidacy for public office,
ar.d Joseph H. Scott, who received
the highest number of votes for Tax
Collector at the late election, has been
declared ineligible. His certificate of
election has been ordered annulled, and
In event the Supreme Court finds that
the ruling of the lower tribunal is prop
erty based Scott will be down and out.
without right, the lawyers say. of further
appeal.
The decision was handed down early
yesterday, and aJthoush it came as a mes
sage of Joy to Sheehan. the incumbent,
who Instituted the contest, it left Scott
and his followers worried and wondering.
Although victorious in the war of oppos
ing factions when the office was taken
by force on the fcth inst., it is very proba
ble that Scott and his deputies will be
lorcod to stand a siege until such time
a:t the Supreme Court passes final judg
r.wr.t. Sheehan's deputies whispered yes-
terday that there was a movement on
foot to again take the office by storm to
day. Whether or not they will see fit to
lay themselves liable to the law and the
risk of bullets fired by the other side
in defense of the premises is a matter of
some speculation. In any event, the po
lice will be in evidence and better pre
pared to handle a mob than on the day
of the notorious battle.
For a time yesterday Mayor Phelan
also threatened to create new complica
tions by declaring the office of Tax Col
lector vacant and filling it by appoint
ment. Counsel advised him. however, that
before he could exercise his authority he
must be backed by a decision of the Su
preme Court, and acting on this advice
he refrained from creating another riot.
It may be several months before the final
decision in the controversy is placed on
record. In the Interim a spirit of unrest
will prevail in the Tax Collector's office
and any minute the sound of falling blud
geons and the crack of revolvers may
herald the beginning of another brawl.
In his decision annulling Scott's certifi
cate of election Judge Seawell In part
says:
The ground upon which the present con
test is made is that respondent was not an
elector of the city and county of San Fran
cisco for the five years next preceding the
time of said election. In order to be an
elector, it Is necestary that the citizen
should have been a resident of the State one
year next preceding an election and of the
county in which he claims his vote ninety
days.
It is an undisputed fact that from Jan
uary 1, 1533, until the latter part of July,
IS?4. the respondent was a resident and
elector of the county of Santa Clara. It is
claimed by respondent that In the latter
part of July. 1594. he changed his resi
dence to the city and county of San Fran
cisco. If the evidence shows that »uch was
the fact, the respondent is entitled to Judg
ment.
I have been unable to resist the conclu
sion that the respondent was. during the
entire year IjSI, a resident of Santa Clara
county. In the removal of Mrs. Scott to
San Francisco in May of 1594 there was, at
the time, no FUggestlun or thought of
changing the domicile of respondent. As an
independent proposition, the idea of chang
ing hla own residence at that particular
time does not a;>[>ear to have entered re-
Fpondent's mind. He certainly did not con
trmplate the contingency that a charter
would be adopted by the electors of San
Francisco by the provisions of which a
j.revlou* residence of five years and ninety
days was a necessary qualification for the
office of Tax Collector and that he would
become a candidate for that ofHce In No
vember. IS?9.
The respondent says In his testimony,
"When I sent Mrs. t^cott to fc'an Francisco
my intention was to come to Pan Francisco
to reside as soon as I could. permanently" —
not that It was his Intention to reside here
then. He does not even remember whether
he came here with her. which he certainly
would have done if In brlnpinK his wife to
,«an Francisco he was performinß an act in
tended to operate as a change of domicile.
A residence can be changed only by the
union of act and intent. In the case of re
spondent. I find that there was in the year
ISS4. neither the act of removal by him to
San Francisco nor the Intent to make his
domicile there. He continued during all that
year, as before, living and carrying on busi
ness in San Jose. He did undoubtedly in
tend, after he had disposed of his business
in lh» latter place, to return here to reside
permanently, but the existence of such an
intention did not affect his status aa a resi-
dent and elector of Santa Clara County. a»
long as he continued to reside at San Jose.
It is not my province, even were I so
Inclined, to question the wisdom of the pro
version of the charter under consideration.
That It is constitutional I have not the
Mlßhtent doubt: and while I sympathize
with the respondent. In h!« disappointment
at the result of this contest, my views as
to the law and the evidence compel me to
declare that he was not on the 7th day of
November, ISS9. eligible to the office of Tax
Collector of the city and county of San
Francisco.
After the reading of the decision, A.
Rucf, representing Mr. Scott, asked the
court for a ten days" stay of execution.
The court granted the motion. Late in
the afternoon Mr. Tuska, who is asso
ciated with Mr. Ruef, filed notice of ap
peal, and within the next few days the
Supreme Court will have the points of
the controversy before it for adjudica
tion.
Although Sheehan was the contestant
and presumably brought the contest for
the purpose of remaining in office, it has
been intimated that he was only acting
in conjunction with R. P. Dooian, with
the understanding that the latter was to
be appointed to the vacancy, if one were
created, and would in turn take care of
Sheehan. The court, however, failed to
pass on his status in the litigation, but
th«* fight is not yet ended. This led Mayor
Phelan to believe that the right to exer
cise his prerogative had arrived, but, as
before stated, he was for once wisely ad
vised and a further tangle was obviated.
To-day, If the counsel of the wiser heads
prevails and the assault upon the office
is not made by the Sheehan contingent,
a calm attempt to wrest the office from
Scott will be made by Attorney Garret
McEnerney, who represents Sheehan. A
motion to dissolve the Injunction issued
by Presiding Judge Bahrs during the riot
of January 8. restraining Sheehan from
further defending his claim to the office
except in the courts of law and equity,
will be made before Judge Cook and the
legality of the injunction determined.
-The Judgment rendered by Judge Sea
well decreeing that Mr. Scott Is Ineligible
to fill the position does not become final
until passed upon by the Supreme Court,
to which an appeal is required to betaken
within ten days after Judgment. said
Mry McEnerney yesterday. So that if
Mr. Sheehan's sole reliance were in his
contest commenced before Judge Seawell
neither he nor anybody else would be en
titled to the place until Judge Seawell's
decision was affirmed by the Supreme
Court. But In addition to commencing the
contest relating to Mr. Scott's ineligibillty
Mr Sheehan Insisted upon holding the of
fice. This he had the right to do. as we
understand the law. unless a successor
•was chosen who is eligible under the law.
"We understand the law to be that
when an officer is in the possession of an
office the only way to dispossess him is
through the courts. It is expressly pro
vided that a usurper may be fined, and
that If his usurpation is maintained In
bad faith the fine can be made to fit the
case, but we think that Mr. Sheehan's
dispossession of the office of Tax Collec
tor is altogether unwarranted both by the
force used by Mr. Scott in his endeavor to
take possession and in the issuance of the
injunction. . • ? -.
"We have delayed making a motion re
instating Mr. Sheehan pending Judge Sea
well's decision, which is now rendered and
clears the matter up."
MAXWELL STATES
HIS CASE IN A
POWERFUL BRIEF
History and Law for
Supreme Judges.
CHARTER LAW WAS VIOLATED
?
FIRE COMMISSION EXCEEDED
ITS PRIVILEGES.
Decision in a Case Parallel With That
of the D«posed Secretary in New
York City Results in Judg
ment for Plaintiff.
A strong brief, setting forth in full the
exact position taken by George Maxwell
in his fight for reinstatement as secretary
of the Fire Commission, will be filed to
day with the Supreme Court by Garret
"W. McEnerney. Mr. Maxwell's attorney.
Late last week Mr. McEnerney filed a
petition for a writ of mandate to compel
the Commissioners to abide by the provi
sions of the charter and reappoint Max
well, who had served faithfully for years,
as an employe of the Fire Department,
and the brief to be filed to-day is designed
to support the petition.
In his brief Mr. McEnerney recites the
law under which Maxwell was appointed
to the Fire Department in April, IS7B, and
follows him through many promotions to
the position of secretary, which he held at
the time the charter went into effect. ! He
also quotes the sections of the charter
which he claims were deliberately violated
by. the Fire Commissioners in ousting
Maxwell and seating J. C. Gorman in his
place. The law quoted reads as follows:
"The Board of Fire Commissioners shall
immediately after their appointment and
qualification proceed to reorganize tho
Fire Department in conformity with the
provisions of this charter. In so doing
the board shall make its appointment of
officers ;*nd members from the persons
constituting the force in the service of
the Fire Department at the time the char
ter goes into effect. Such persons shall
not be required to pass any civil service
examinations. If any reduction is made
in the force of the department the Com
missioners may temporarily discharge
those persons whose discharge shall be
most conducive to the efficient reorganiza
tion of the department, but In case of a
subsequent Increase of the force those
temporarily discharged . shall be reap
pointed without civil service examination
and assigned to the same rank in which
they were at the time of their discharge."
A second section quoted provides that
no officer, member or employe of the de
partment shall be transferred or dis
missed except for cause and after a trial.
Mr. McEnerney's brief is based princi
pally upon the first section. He contends
that Maxwell held under the old govern
ment precisely the same position created
by the charter. He points out that not
withstanding that no charges were ever
made against him and no trial had, the
Commissioners summarily dismissed him.
That they did not do so in order to "re
duce the department" Is evident, he ar
gues, in the fact that the Commissioners
appointed J. C. Gorman as his successor
immediately upon his dismissal.
A case which parallels that of Mr. Max
well has Just r>een terminated in New
York City by a judgment for heavy dam
ages and reinstatement for the plaintiff.
The same provisions are made in the
New York charter as In the local law
for the guidance of the Fire Department,
and Colonel Carl Jussen, secretary of the
New York board, was discharged from
his position as secretary immediately
upon the appointment of a new commis
sion. Jussen at once brought suit against
Commissioner Scannel for reinstatement
and damages, and the action terminated
on the 6th inst. In a judgment in his fa
vor handed down by Justice Nash of the
Supreme Court. Jussen's allegations were
practically the same as those pet forth
by Mr. Maxwell, and Mr. McEnerney is
known to be building high hope of suc
cess on the New York decision.
Fighting in the Courts Over Municipal Offices.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
BOLD SCHEME
TO INCREASE
LOCAL TAXES
Chief Burden to Fall
on Realty.
IMMUNITY FOR CORPORATIONS
?
VALUATION TO BE INCREASED
ONE HUNDRED MILLION.
Assessor Dodge's Startling Proposi
tion to Board of equalization in
Direct Contradiction to Ante-
Election Promises.
>
Before the election beautiful visions of
municipal prosperity under the new char
ter were unfolded to the public by Mayor
Phelan and Assessor Washington Dodge.
The Assessor's refrain on the stump was
low taxes for homesteaders. He prom
ised that the reduction would be brought
about by placing a Just share of the tax
burdens on the rich corporations. The
only thing needed to bring a sunburst
of prosperity was the election of Phelan
and Dodge to administer affairs of gov
ernment under the new charter.
Since the election another vision has
been unfolded. Assessor Washington
Dodge has discovered that municipal ex
penses will be increased rather than di
minished by the operation of the new
charter. He found that more money than
was formerly provided had to be raised.
In casting about for ways and means to
raise the sum required he appealed to the
State Board of .Equalization. He said to
the board:
Mayor Phelan and I have rone over the
matter carefully and we find that the dollar
tax on San Francisco's valuation of $450,000,
000 will not produce sufficient money to '
meet the expenses of the municipal govern
ment under the new charter, and we pro
pose to increase the valuation one hundred
million dollars. We want this increase for
local purposes, and therefore we ask that
the State Board of Equalization, in fixing
the San Francisco -valuation for State pur
poses, shall make a reduction of one hun
dred million dollars, so that the Increase
may only have local effect.
The State Board of Equalization In
quired if Assessor Dodge proposed to in
crease the assessment of corporations In
order to add one hundred millions to the
roll. The Assessor replied:
"No, the corporations are assessed up to
the limit. We propose to place the In
crease on realty."
The plain propoFltlon of Phelan and
Dodge is to make a tax raid on the small
rial estate owners. The increased burden
is to be placed on the realty. The cor
porations so viciously assailed by the As
sessor when he was out vote-getting are
to have special immunity.
It is hardly possible that the State Board
of Equalization will ever consent to per
perpetrate such an outrage as Assessor
Dodge suggested. Dodge before the elec
tion posed as a reformer, the champion of
the people and the advocate of good gov
ernment, but the overtures made to the
State Board of Equalization show that he
Is only a common, every-day politician
and pledge-breaker.
3-Day Specials!
TJncertain delivery of goods
has lost many a grocery firm
numberless friends. We are
striving to make friends, not to
lose them, so we see to it that
deliveries are made very
promptly.
TEA, perlb 40c
All kinds, new crop,
carefully selected.
RKGULARLY COC.
PORK AND BEANS, 2-lb can.. 10c
Armour's— a most reliable
dish ready frr immediate v?«.
REGLLAKLY 13C.
SAPOLIO, 4 cakes 25c
KEGULARLY 3 CAKES ZZC.
VELVET COCKTAILS, bot 75c
Whiskey. Manhattan.
Martini and Gin.
made of purest Ingredients.
REGULARLY $1 0(V
CREAM CUSTARO, 3 pkgs — 25c
Will make the finest
custard and Ice cream ever tasted.
PARLOR MATCHES, 4 pkgs... 2sc.
Ideal brand — most reliable.
REGULARLY 3 FOR 25C
PRUNES, ib .....5c
French style— rood sized
end delicious flaior.
REGULARLY 3 LBS. 2^7.
OLIVE OIL, California, qt b0t.. 70c
SANTA BARBARA. pint bottle 4Oc
Guaranteed absolutely pun?.
REGULARLY SSC AND 50C
MAO. ORDER* SOL'CITEO.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKrON ST., near Market
(Old number 21 Stockton nt.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5022.
The Rising ..
Cigar fette
' Purity, mildness and perfect Russian blend renders
soft soothing smoke for the fastidious smoker
10 cents for 10
I under muslins |
* under priced |
let us tell you what one of our customers said yesterday after
ff she had examined our underwear: ; ¦
"it's ladylike underwear and so cheap that home sewing is ¦»3 fc
J& really a foolish waste of time and strength."
*; that's the sort of talk we hear on all sides, and no wonder. ;*
j* tHis \AJhilt& sale *
<? has demonstrated beyond a doubt that this is "^»
4* the lowest-priced house In America for good goods. +£¦
don't these items show that?
& drawers gowns %r
«J* good soft-finish muslin, 5-inch d muslin high necks romid - *f
je. wide umbrella ruffles, trimmed . ,- ..•--. •--?-¦ ta . . jr
t? with torchon lace; reduced from y° kes of tucks ' ruWe trimmed *fr
¦£* 35c; other styles with wide hem necks and sleeves; white salt
jtf. and hemstitching above: white price 38c £9
*^ sale price 25c pair "**
«2+ fine white lawn, with wide ur- *^
*% brella nifties trimmed with clus- good soft-finish muslin, hiffh •*
J; ter of tucks and 4-inch wide necks, square yokes of embroid- ;J
Valenciennes lace;, exceptional insertion and clusters of fine *t
»-. value; white sale price ooc J —
*7* other splendid values at 45c and tucks; ruffle around -necks and *J-
JS+ 50c. sleeves; white sale price 433
I great reductions in our suit dept *
j£ ladies' serges, cheviots, tweed* ladies' mixed covert jackets, in
J; and covert cloth tailor-made gra y and brown, double-breasted, 5
«£ suits, in double-breasted, tight- wUh six , buttons> large re . &
?-, fitting and fly fronts; these w- ... .. , t „ s*
& ments come in braid-trimmed. veres, high storm collars, latest
Jfe flounce effects and perfectly plain. cut round top sleeves and short .££.
jfc the $25.00 suits reduced to $17.50 backs, seams welted with a velvet /»
£; the $20.00 suits reduced to $15.00 piping; come- and see them: re- ;J
•£* the $15.00 suits reduced to $12.00 duced from $12.50 to $7.50 +g»
"g* nU/jofo 20 ° wn ' te crochet bedspreads, +y'
J& D llccLS full size, hemmed, ready for use £J^
2 63x90 inches. . . .39c each .-••••• ••• ¦ v • J 1 - 2*2 * « c {> .3
•2* • t. aa~ t. 7° P ai r white blankets, all wool. *Sr
t 72x90 inches.... 44c each si / c kxBo inches. 4 vi pounds
£ 81x90 inches 49c each weight, $3.00 value; white sale. .. "^
4Jr pillow cases, 43x36^.. 10c each $2.50 pair +£•
I ladies, I
*£ we cordially invite you to call upon Mrs. Reynolds, ask her
«& to show you the "Arnold's" gauze drawers with umbrella nifties. £^
1? dressing sacques, lounging or tourists' robes; also children's kntck-
erbocker drawers, night drawers and flannel skirts. +&
*fj Warren & Lombardero's orchestra in a *
"?* delightful concert Ifrom 2 to 5 p. m. +r
4? a countless number o? attractions to please *£•
4* you when you visit "the white city."
if we please you, tell others ; if we don't, tell us. *^
"2* mother ]&[ — 'GnA^ r.^n-*"^^ factory *j~
A likes." *" store."
IT + + 035-947 Market Street. + + si
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
We show below the choicest
furniture bargain of the year. ;
ftep'BSilH.
This Furniture Stt, in Hardwood —
Antique Oak — Btv^l Mirror— a hand-
soms, solid tit of furni- <£ . _ f\f\
ture UU
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), j
re/7-/023 Mission STszsr,
fibava Slxt)>.
Picas Couth U. oyr» ETta'.aji. i
•¦¦.• ¦- :¦ ¦¦-.- . ;
Send for Xow Illustrated Catalog.
for REMOVAL and DEPARTURE
THE ENTIRE STOCK
OF THK
TURKISH BOG CO,
WILL. EE SOLD OUT
AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
COMMENCING
/4© THURSDAWan.IB
STOCKTON, Corner Geary.
OppnsltP the City of Parts.
This new building has been secured for th!»
Important rale.
GOODS ON" VIEW WEDNESDAT.
At 25 Per Cent g^^^i
10 Days Only, f* I • : sg&
Remodeling (I
and Repairing. \' "V
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable C«« m-Jq-,,
Manufacturing Turners,
Fur Dyers and Fur Dressers,
121 Post Street, Rooms 7 to lL
Telephone Black 3743.
Sore Spot
Eye=Glasses
Cmn be bought anywhere, but our clips, which
fit the nose without a slip or pinch, can only U»
had of us.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick r»p.V.r-
ing. Factory on premlyes. Phone, Main 13.
OPTICIANS^^'^TUJ.
642 Market st. limrumentc
'imm* CxomC* BUU3INW
c •
i It's Well •
to know the name and loca- ©
© tion of a firm that extends I
' the privileges we do. •
• There is no string to what I
' we offer. ©
® Tie policy of our unique I
CREDIT departm-nt is ©
• ta^ed on a "NO-EXTRA- I
I CHARGE" prlndplf. Any ©
© one can en jay it's advantages I
I without fear of exorbitant ©
O demands. |
o Chicago Tailoring Co., ?
• 1810 Market St. •
•T •
©-•-©-©- 0 - o - © - 0-0-0-0
Dfi.HALL'S EEINYTGORATORfcvg^
Five hundred reward for «ny hl^fpS
case we cannot cure. This secret cf**^ *-*"^h
remedy stops all losses In 2* ' i . ¦ X
hours. cur*3 Emissions., Impo- ISSi tS/f.
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. IJipl R»fji
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost W« |£«f
Menhoo*! and all wasting e(T-'ct < ? >**»•— Jkw*
of self-abuse or excesara. S-nt '¦ ¦ — ¦
sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles. $¦*; jruarantCMj to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 155 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073^ Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Semi for free book.
r\U a r*<T> Completely eradicated wlth-
3-^3 y fi" • ut c!itti : - sr ° r '>' in *- - vj
Sal 1 « J cure, no ray. For Informa-
•— ¦— v-r Ucn a<Mres9 g F uecTAI.
». ¦inMiiiiiii INSTITUTE. 1:7 ) Market.
i: Palace and \
:: Grand Hotels \
' ' For nearly a quarter of a centurr th« T
' ¦ leadlnz hotels on the Pacific Coast. ?
« > With added Imorovement.s and con- < >
? veniences they continue to be the bead- 4
? quarters for tourists and travelers vis- *
T Mug San Francisco. . , >
? JOHN C. KIKKPATRICK. ?
f Manager.
.»«??»??»»??¦?--?-??»??? t >>>>»
I
5IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION.
1 \EPORTS from Washington are to the effect
V—S that there are abundant indications in both house*
of Congress that there wilfbe strong opposition
to the Lodge immigration restriction bill, which has
Leen reintroduced into the Senate by the author with
out alteration. In that there is nothing surprising,
for there has always been a strong lobby to oppose
any kind of restriction upon immigration, but it is
surprising to learn, upon the authority of the P.hila
delphia Record, that it appears Speaker Henderson
has so organized the Committee on Immigration of
the House that the Lodge bill or any like measure
will have slight prospect of success in this Congress.
The advocates of unrestricted immigration have in
vented a new argument. It is now asserted that the
movement to check undesirable immigration is due to
the spirit of Know Nothingism, Nativism and
A. P. A. influences. The assertion is absolutely with
out foundation. The movement was the logical out
come of the protective tariff system. It was recog
nized that if we are to afford adequate protection to
American labor as well as to American manufactures
it would be necessary to put some restraint upon the
importation of cheap labor from Europe. In addi
tion to that fact, there was the further incentive to
restriction caused by the difficulty of assimilating the
hordes of ignorant and often vicious immigrants who
were pouring in. from Southeastern Europe.
Of course the object of the advocates of the free
importation of cheap labor in asserting an A. P. A.
origin of the restriction movement is to discredit it.
Accordingly they go further and argue that restriction
would shut out desirable immigrants from British
BRAIDED CLOTH DRESS.
This tailor-made costume has a bolero
jacket and pointed waistcoat. It \n of nut
brown cloth, trimmed with niofmir braid.
The skirt forms a tunic.
THE LAW AND THE SECRETARY.
AMONG the bills before Congress is one declar
ing: "That the failure of the Secretary of the
Treasury to prescribe regulations for the use
of alcohol in the arts and in medicinal and other like
compounds, as required by section 61 of the act of
August 28, 1894, shall not operate as a defense on the
part of the United States to any suit of a manufac
turer under said act brought in any court of the
United States, and a new trial may be granted here
under in any such suit heretofore dismissed."
Back of the bill there is not only an interesting
story but an, important question of governmental
authority. The act referred to is the tariff act of 1894,
and the section in question declares: "Any manu
facturer finding it necessary to use alcohol in the
arts, or in any medicinal or other like compound,
may use the same under regulations to be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and on satisfying
the Collector of Internal Revenue for the' district
\vherein he- resides or carries on business that he. has
complied with such' regulations and has used such
alcohol therein, and exhibiting and delivering up the
stamps which show that a tax has been paid thereon,
shall be entitled to receive from the treasury of the
United States a rebate or repayment of said tax so
paid."
The Secretary of the Treasury made no regulations
under which the rebate could be obtained. A suit
was brought by certain manufacturers to recover
. from the Government the amount of money to which
j they would have been entitled under the act had the
J Secretary carried out that requirement of the law.
j The Supreme Court 'decided that the law gave the
j Secretary discretionary powers either to provide for
i the rebate or riot, as he thought best, and since he
! made no provision for it the manufacturers have no
rigjit to it. ¦ I
The object of the bill before Congress is to pro
vide a means by which the rebate money can be re
j covered despite the failure of the Secretary of the
Treasury to make the regulations required. The jus
tice of the bill will hardly be disputed. It was clearly
the intention of Congress to grant rebates of the tax
on alcohol used in manufacturing, and, that intent
should not be defeated by the failure of the Secretary
to carry out the duty the law imposed upon him.
Mayor Phelan has probably come to the conclusion
that he is a member of that very interesting class
which can't be libeled. Is it possible that he does
not fear what is said in criticism of him, but dreads
what may be said?
THE VOICE OF THE PEE-WEE.
COLONEL BRYAN. has decreed that Jackson
day shall become a movable feast. Under all
former Democratic leaders the anniversary of
the battle of New Orleans, the Bth of January, was
celebrated in banquets in which the national thirst
was well and variously quenched, and that for party
power and victory was distressingly increased by
lar^'e doses of the salty principles supposed to be ad
vocated by Old Hickory. But Colonel Bryan desires
to have charge of the feast, and so makes one-night
ttands of it, on a circuit that takes in Chicago,
Omaha, Lincoln, Kansas City. Minneapolis, St.
Paul and a number of other populous places. —Hi-?
new Tackson day extends from the 6th of January to
the middle of the month, and he appears at all the
stands as the star performer. If any city will set a
table and get a crowd to hear him he will prolong th?
circuit to the Ist of February.
The colonel, who formerly clothed his neck with
thunder and stamped like a warhorse in battle, is
showing signs of deterioration and decay. The
nionotor.ous task of making the same speech for four
years begins to teil on him. His lines are not hard
to remember, and he always carries a prompter to
give him the cue. But it is said that even in music,
that high manifestation and utterance of refinement
too tenuous for speech, prolonged and constant repe
tition palls. The most popular classical music con
stantly repeated wearies, and the hearer turns away,
with that tired feeling, to recruit himself on some rag
time melody that rises from the very gutter of har
mony
Colonel Bryan's range was never very great, and
his art has consisted in saying shallow things in a
ccep way. But the number of his prominent ad
nnrers is rapidly decreasing, as may be seen by read
ing the li^t of the chorus which appears with him at
every stand on hi? Jackson day circuit. This fallinsr
away is cue to the discovery that he is not a seer,
rtvelator nor prophet, but that his little song is that
of the political pec-wee.
After his usual fashion he attempted to make him
6e»f the beneficiary of the ami-impcrhl sentiment of
the country, forgetting that it was originated as a
national policy by his own supporters. His discussion
of it was like his discussion of all ether public issues,
en attempt to bore an auger-hole with a gimlet.
Now, however, he has seen . a new light. The
original Democratic imperialists of the South are as
serttng themselves. They even threaten to find a
market for raw cotton via the next Democratic pla*
farm. The movement is portentous; it threatens
Colonel Bryan's primacy of his party. It threatens
even to overwhelm "the divine ratio" of 16 to i. It
betrays impatience with Colonel Bryan's solo, which
has turned rank and rancid in the wearied ear of the
country.
Therefore Colonel Bryan finds it necessary to
hedge, and his hedging presents him to the country
2s a political pee-v.ee.
At his onc-siight Jackson day stand in Minneapolis
lie annouTiccd himself as a sort of expansionist and
submitted a new ground pl an an j f ron t elevation of
himself in that capacity. In the words and phrases
following he sar.g his new and small song: "I am a
firm believer in the enlargement and extension of the
I-rrits of the republic. I don't mean by that the ex
tension by the addition of contiguous territory, nor
to limit myself to that. Wherever there is a people
intelligent enough to form a part of this republic it
is my belief that they should be taken in. Wherever
there is a people capable of having a voice and a rep
resentation in this Government there the limits of the
republic may be extended." And that is the sort of
; t n expansionist Colonel Bryan is! Wherever a peo
ple advances in intelligence to the standard of self
government they are to pay the penalty by being
"taken in." Nothing is said about their desire to
come; nothing about the dangers and difficulties of
a republic consisting of non-tiguous Stntes widely
feparated and utterly lacking in that homogeneity
which can exist only by contiguity, and which h the
first condition of republican government. The voice
of common sense is never permitted to whisper in
Colonel Aryan's ear. which is plugged tight with
self-conceit. But that voice uttered to the average
American citizen will say that wherever may exist
the capacity for self-government described by Colonel
Bryan its proof is the establishment of an indepen
dent republic that does not r.eed to be "taken in" by
ms. It was the dream of the political philosophers
vho created this republic that the nations and races,
moved upon by our example, would rise into the at
mo«phere of self-government and clothe them
with independence, under such forms as were adapted
to their special genius and habit. None of those
philosophers contemplated the possibility or the de
sirability of a world-wide trust in civil government,
which would incorporate with itself the varying peo
ples who desired to govern themselves. It has re
mained for Colonel Bryan to conceive it to be the
('•uty of this republic to throw homogeneity and con
tinuity to the winds and fpeck the globe with its
States until the planet is pockmarked with the rotten
boroughs, peopled by all colors, speaking in more
tongues than stopped hod-carrying on the tower of
Pabcl. and without any spirit of assimilation to bring
them into that community of tastes, aspirations and
sympathy which alone makes it possible for men to
live under a common constitution of government.
The .American imperialists arc not wise, but com
pared with Bryan they loom up like Solomon con
tested with the idiot of a Scotch parish.
CONGRESSMEN ON DEATH.
WHEN a Congressman dies his colleagues set
apart a day upon which to pronounce eulo
giums upon him. It is then that they lift their
minds above the low levels of tariff and finance and
discuss the higher themes of life and immortality.
Of such occasions it may be said they are times that
try men's eloquence, and it is frequently fortunate that
the orations are with due decorum regarded as
solemn utterances, for otherwise they might fre
quently move to smiles.
A recent number of the Congressional Record
comes to us filled with eulogiums upon departed
statesmen. One orator reminded his fellow Senators:
"The life of the busy, active, public man, who has
dealt with the affairs of his time with care and skill
and good judgment, finds its close just as certainly
as that of the humblest person who has wrought out
his own salvation while on earth." Doubtless that re
minder to the Senators that they cannot escape the
end that comes to the humble who work out their own
salvation was needed; but why did the speaker deem
it worth while to add: "The approach qi death,
whether it appears in the silence and quiet of the
peaceful home or in the midst of the thunder of bat
tle, with the attendant struggle of warfare and
carnage, always reaches the same result — ultimate
rest; the rest and quiet of the grave"? Did any Sen
ator suppose it ended elsewhere?
In a review of this kind of things, so impersonal
and solemn, it would be an impropriety to make use
of names. Even if reference were made to a speech
commending one of the illustrious dead because he
"had the good fortune to belong to that mixed
Dutch-English ancestry which has the inspiration of
glorious traditions' of civil and religious literature,
of arts and arms," it would be an impertinence to add
that it was Chauncey Depew who spoke it. There
fore it matters not who told the Senate: "The great
mystery of death in all ages has challenged the wis
dom of men for its solution, and to-day, after count
less efforts in consideration of the* problem, man
kind is quite as helpless and unsettled as it was six
thousand years ago."
In the House the orators are bolder than the Sen
ators, and at times do not hesitate to advance explana
tions of that profound mystery — the death of a Con
gressman. Thus in this same number of the Record
a Representative in eulogizing a departed colleague
said of him: "He loved discussion and took ,t»art in
the running debates at every opportunity. His tongue
was full of words, and it tossed them right and left
at the slightest provocation." Another orator, doubt
less recalling that trait of the great man. said: "Re
flection only mystifies, and the field of vision and re
search will not reveal; yet it must be that the God
of all, in the interminable conflict with Satan, needed
less advocates here or a more skilled one in the per
fectly developed world where acoustic properties arc
unlimited and human effort becomes divine."
After that nothing more need be said. The con
ception that Congressmen are summoned to the other
world to make speeches in a realm Where acoustic
properties are unlimited must be consoling to all of
those dignitaries. They may have to die like the
humblest who work out their own salvation, but be
yond the grave they may still hope to be golden
mouthed orators with an eternity for utterance.
NATIVES TELEGRAPH WITH RUDE DRUMS.
AFRICANS' MEANS OF
SENDING NEWS.
outpost and found that it would be impossible for him
to reach home until late at night. As he looked forward
to a hearty dinner, he requested a head man, who was with
him and who was an expert drummer, to send word to the
station, several miles away, that dinner was- not to be
served until he returned.. The head man drummed;
straightway another drummer repeated his message, and
so the news was flashed from point to point until it
reached the distant station. When Five reached home at
night he found the table laid- and the dinner ready to be
served. This was the meysage his servants had received:
"The Bvila Matori (Governor or Inspector) will be at home
late in the evening. Don't eat everything up."
Mistakes are sometimes made in telegraphing and tel
ephoning, and Peter de Deken's second story shows that
one may blunder also in using the drum language. In
spector Five took several photographs during his stay at
Basolco and on the day of his departure the thought
struck him that It would be well to take a photograph of
all those natives who from time to time had acted as his
domestic servants. Accordingly, he ordered a drummer to
notify them that they were to appear before him at a cer
tain hour In their holiday clothes. The drummer at uncs
sent a message, but what was Five 1 * surprise to find at
the appointed hour not hJa servants, but a!! the
police of the station, drawn up in front of_his residence
The drummer. It seems, had either misunderstood Five or
had blundered in sending the message. Instead of sum
moning domestic servants he had summoned state ser
vants.
THE STORY OF JOU SING, THE CHINESE MAIDEN, FOR
THE POSSESSION OF
WHOM THE LAST HIGHBINDER WAR WAS STARTED
THE SUICIDE
A Full' Page Draw-
ing by
J. A. CAHILL
THE BOOKS
OF
THE WEEK.
B;
RROF. H B LATHECP
of
Stanford University.
ROWING
vs.
FOOTBALL.
By PRO?. BENJ. ID7;
WHEELER and
DR. F. R. WOOL-
SEY.
HOW JO LIVE HAPPY DURING YOUR
WIFE'S ABSENCE FROM HOME.
By ROY McCARDELL
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. C. Paine, a wealthy merchant of
Fowler, is at the Grand.
W. A. Bethel, U. S. A., Is registered at
the Occidental.
H. F: Wlnnes, a well-known resident of
Ridley, is a guest at the Grand.
L. A. Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara, is registered at the Grand.
J. J. Smith, a capitalist of Stockton, is
among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
C. R. Scott, a popular railroad man of
Portland, Or., is at the Occidental.
George D..Brownlee, a prominent busi
ness man of San Jose, Is at the Palace.
Lester E. Walker, the millionaire fruit
man of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
Among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Palace is Major R. J. Fletcher 'of Rich
mond, Va.
A. Brizard, one of . the leaders of the
business community of Arcata, is a guest
at the Lick.
Dr. J. 11. Barr, a prominent physician of
Marysville. is at tho Grand, making a
short visit to this city.
Thomas Flint Jr. has come up to the
city from his home in San Juan and is
staying at the Palace. V
F. L. Puter, an influential attorney and
politician of Eureka, la registered for a
short stay at the Grand.
H. P. Stabler, a wealthy fruit grower
of Yuba County, is registered at the Lick.
J. P. Smith,- the Santa Cruz capitalist,
is at the Palace.
Mrs._Phebe Hearst_will not receive to
day—her regular "day at~homV-buslnes3
making it imperative that she go out of
town.
C. O. Dunbar, proprietor of the Santa
Rosa Press-Democrat, la a guest at the
ViSS TORS'
DAY
AT
SAN QUENTIN.
A CALIFORNIA
LOGGING
CAMP
IN WINTER.
A CHURCH
WHERE PEOPLE
ARE
MARRIED
AT
WHOLESALE.
IN NEXT....
While the Civil Service Commission is locked in
the sanctity of it? secret sessions it might find time
enough to make out a price list of the value of local
positions. ¦ In the School Department, for example,
there appears to be a very serious misunderstanding
i:i reference to the proper payment of political debts
with places. The Civil Service Commission could
settle the quarrel with an official price list.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS
PHELAN THE PURIST.
(Stockton Independent.)
The San Francisco Call yesterday made
the specific charge that Mayor James D.
Phelan has committed a felony by enter-
Ing into a contract before election with
the object of securing support in his can
didacy to turn the police over to
Andy LawYence. for Esola, his creature.
It invites and dares Phelan to begin a
suit for libel because of this charge. The
Chronicle makes substantially the same
charge editorially. The Bulletin has inti
mated the same thing in every recent Is
sue, but few had any sympathy or confi
dence in the Bulletin's agitation, because
it was an adherent of Phelan in the re
cent election and was repeatedly Warned
by this paper and others that it was fol
lowing a course that would lead to its own
undoing.
It is now undeniable that In electing
Phelan Mayor of the city the Republicans
of San Francisco not only helped to boom
him as candidate for the Senate and
helped him to fasten a Democratic ma
chine on the city, but hoisted a man. dis
guised as a purist in politics, who delib
erately defied and violated the laws' of the
State in making the most venal contracts
for the sake of getting votes. It is a sor
ry outlook for the metropolis.
LATE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
Commended
By Rt. Rev. father Prendergast.
San Francisco, Jan. 13, 1900.
Dear Father Wyman: It was with in
expressible satisfaction that the Moat
Rev. Archbishop, all the clergy and all
Catholics— l might add, all respectable
citizens— heard, some months ago, of the
success of the efforts of the Paulist
Fathers and their friends for the effectual
and permanent purification of the vicinity
of your church. The late Board of Super-
visors are entitled to an honorable place in
the history of San Francisco for the prac
tical measures they adopted toward that
end; and, no doubt, the Board of Public
Works will now be authorized to act and
will proceed at once to give effect to the
design so universally applauded. Thoee
who, like myself, were connected with the
old cathedral for years, will have especial
cause to rejoice when that old plague spot
Is converted Into a beautiful, pleasant park
and the whole district from California
street to Market street Is as free from
noxious exhalation as any other part of
the city. This accomplished, it will be
your duty to enlarge the area reconquered
by your energy and zeal to the pure hgnt
of heaven, very sincerely,
J. F. PRENDERGAST.
Rev. H. H. Wyman. C. S. P.
Grand, where he arrived yesterday on a
short pleasure trip to this city.
Mayor E. E. Loud of Suisun, accom
panied by Dr. W. G. Downing, Alden An
derson and J. B. Richardson of the same
city and Dr. J. W. Stltt of Vacaville, con
stitute a party who are at the Grand,
where they arrived yesterday to attend a
meeting of Mystic Shriners to be held In
this city.
« ? ¦
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
dustrial Arts at Sixteenth and t tah
street 3. which opened January 8, 1900. is
14 years, but boys between the ages of 13
and 14 may be admitted at the discretion,
of the authorities. The school will give
thorough instruction in the following:
Shop work— Mechanical drawing, archi
tectural drawing, free hand drawing, cab
inet work, carpentry, bricklaying, plaster
'ms. blacksinlthteg 1 , plumbing and stone
cutting. Academic and scientific work—
Enp'ish history, geography, arithmetic.
prir.<Mpl«s of nrt. desitrn. physics, algebra.
geometry, trigonometry and theoretical
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Miss Frances
Taylor and Miss Kohl and maid of San
Francisco are at the Shoreham; J. W.
Lambertson and wife of San Francisco
are at the St. Jnmes.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— P. S. Baker of
San Francisco and Mr. and Mrs. S. J.
Clark of California are at the Fifth Ave
nue.
» ? »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TJIFSE COMMAND PREMIUMS-G. C.
L.. Pacific Grave, Cal. The following de
scritcd coins of the United States asked
about command premiums. Correspon-
I dents would do well to preserve the list
| ami save themselves the trouble of writ
! injj about coins of the denominations
| given riot included in it:
Nickel: Thrr*>-cent piece of IST7; flve
! cent piece of 1577.
Dimes cf 1795, 1797. 1795. ISOO, ITOI. ISO*.
i I^>3, ISO 4. ISOS. ISO 7. ISO 9. ISII. 1314, 1522, IS2S
I large date, IS4G.
< Quarter?— l7lH. IW4. 1315 to 1 5 2S inclusive.
1821. 1524. 1527. 18"3 without arrows at data
! or rays about the easrle.
Halves— l 79-1. 17?6, 17y7, ISOI. 1803, 1515, 1*55
i without E Pluribus on the reverse, IS3S
j with O between bust ar.u date. 1552, 1*52
without arrows at date or rays around tha
eagle.
i - — -
SKUNK FARM-C. R.. City. The Call
did not publish a description of a skunk
farm In California. Some years ago there
was such a farm in Los Angeles County.
THE PANHANDLE— G. A.. City. The
appraisement of the property included In
the proposed extension of the panhandle
to Golden Gate Park appeared in The Call
of September 24. 1809.
MIDDLE INITIAL— A. S. G.. City.
When the name of a person is written cr
printed with an initial in quotation marks,
as, for instance, Sarah "A." Jones, it
means that the party has no middle name;
simply an initial given to distinguish the
party from another who has a middle
name that commences *lth that initial.
SHAG ROCK— C, D., City. Shag Rock,
or Barrel Rock, as it Is also known, which
is to be removed on account of being an
obstruction to navigation, is about a mile
from Alcatraz Island and two and a quar
ter miles from Lime' Point. It will take
many thousand pounds of dynamite to re
move it. and the cost will be about S2S.QQO.
BETTER DESCRIPTION WANTED—
A. S., City. There were no United States
copper cents coined In 1792. There were
several Washington cents issued in that
year, and it may be one of these that you
are possessed of. If so. you will have to
furnish a description of the same before
tho information desired can be given.
Describe what there is on each side.
There is no premium for the flying eagle
cent of 1857, nor for that of ISSB, nor for
the nickel of 18S3 without the word cents.
LEAP YEAR— M. B. A.. Sacramento.
Cal. It Is not every year that is divisible
by four that is a leap year. If a year was
exactly S65Vi days we would have a leap
year every four years regularly, but as
there is an excess of eleven minute
10.3 seconds every year this excess
Is compensated by dropping the leap year
at the beginning: of three out of four cen
turies, thus equalizing the time gained
through the century. The length of time
thus established makes an error of only
one day in 332> years. The Gregorian cal
endar, established kn 1552. was so arrangjd
that of the hundredth years to come only
four hundredth years were to be blsextllp
years, having 366 days, whereof the year
1600 was the first. Such one hundredth
years as are divisible by 400 are Istip
years; 1900 is not a leap year becauso
It cannot be divided by 400 without a re
mainder. • -'¦¦ ¦ '.-.-¦
WILMERDING SCHOOL— S., Boulder
Creek. Cal. The minimum age for ad
mission to the "Wllmerdinsr School of In-
Gulllet's Ice Cream and Cakes. 903 La.-kn
• o »
TownsencVs Cal. giace fruits, 50c lb. at
735 Market st., will move back In Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel. GT>9 llarke. St. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses ar.c*. public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1J42. •
¦ m »
"Wedding invitations, vlsitlnjr cards, fins
writing 1 papers, tablets nnd papeterles at
reasonable prices In our stationery de-
partment. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar-
ket street. •
Libel Suit Dismissed.
United States District Ja.ise de Haven
yesterday dismissed the libel suit of C. P.
Doe vs. Springfield Boiler Manufacturing
Company. The si:it was brought to recov-
er the value of boilers alleged to have
be^n furnished to the steamer Weeott.
An appeal will he tnken.
¦ » »
Personally Conducted Excursions.
In Improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourfst
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these «xc.ir-
slons ta look after the welfare of passengora.
To Chicago and Xan«as City every Sunday.
Wednesday n'nd Friday. To Bcston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. iJr.uia
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 623 Market street.
Nothing ecntrltmtea more toward a Bound dl-
pestion than the use of Dr. Plerrerfa Acgosutra
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer.
¦ ? ¦
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nenti
The California Limited, Santa Fe Routs.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. m., Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best trade of any llae to
the East. Ticket office. «!S Market street.
For Making Opium Illicitly.
Charley Ilingr, Chinese, was held to an-
swer yesterday by United States Com-
missioner Heacock for having manufac-
tured opium illicitly and for having re-
filled Imported opium cans without having
destroyed the customs stamps on them.
The Society for the Promotion of Inebriety ought
to vote engrossed resolutions of respect to the fram
ers of the charter and to the worthy patrolmen of the
Police Department. In order not to violate the Sab
bath by working police officers have decided to be
blind to all drunkenness on Saturday night.
1 7\ If UCH surprise has been expressed at the quick-"
I \/\ ness with which the natives of South Africa
I V I have learned the results of the recent battles be-
I tween . the Boers and British. These natives
A know nothing of our method of telegraphing,
and yet, when victory has been declared for either of the
contending parties, the news has been flashed with amazing
celerity to remote parts of the country. The manner in
which the news is carried Is novel and most interesting.
Throughout Africa the natives are expert in the use of
what Is known as the drum language, and they use it as
we use the telegraph and the telephone, namely, for the
purpose of sending a message from one place to another.
The most Important events, as well as the dally oc
currences in every village, are transmitted in this way. In
the Congo region, near, St&nlej* Falls, some of the natives
are so skilled in the use of the drums that they can carry
on a conversation with one another at a great distance
just as easily as though they were standing side by side.
The chiefs or head men of the various tribes converse
daily in this fashion, and thus each quickly learns what
has occurred in the surrounding districts during the past
twenty-four hours. The drum used for this purpose is
fashioned, as a rule, out of a hollow tree trunk, which is
covered with the skin of an antelope.
In regard to the quickness with which news Is trans
mitted in Africa Peter de Deken, the famous traveler,
tells two good stories. While Inspector Five was in con
trol of the station at Basoko, he visited one day a distant
Islands and from Northern and Western Europe.
That is done for the purpose of arraying against the
restriction bill all the foreign-born population of the
country. Such assertions are utterly unfair, but they
will have to be met, for unless contradicted and re
futed they may have weight in determining the action
of not a few members of Congress representing dis
tricts in which there are a large number of foreign-.,
born voters.
The people of the United States are hospitable in
their welcome to deserving immigrants from all na
tions who are fitted to assimilate with the popula
tion of the country and become fitted for citizenship.
They are not willing, however, to leave the doors
open to all comers, many of whom enter for no
other purpose than that of underbidding^ American
workingmen in the labor market and earning money
to take out of the country as soon as they can get
enough to return home arid establish themselves
there.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY IS, 1900.
MAYOR PHELAN'S REPLY
\/l AYOR PHELAN yesterday made his reply to
I \ the charge of The Call that he had committed
a felony by making, prior to the recent elec
tion, a bargain to turn the Police Department of the
city over to A. M. Lawrence. The reply was an
evasion. It wis not an answer. With a multiplicity
of words and with many a devious turning to irrele
vant issues the Mayor sought to confound the public
and conceal the truth. Out of the mass of words,
however, something of the truth can be brought to
light, and when that is done.it will be seen the long
and tortuous manifesto is a virtual confession of guilt-
When publishing the charge against the Mayor The
Call challenged him to bring the issue before the
courts by a libel suit. That challenge was made be
cause as the time allowed under the purity of elec
tion law for making protests against any candidate
who violated it in the last election has now expired
there is no other way by which the issue can be
brought into the courts to be investigated and judged.
The Mayor declares he will not sue The Call for
libel. He asserts that the votes cast in his favor last
November acquit him of a charge of felony made on
Tuesday, and made again to-day. He makes use of
very brave words in reference to men who live in high
towers, who prostitute their profession and are black
guards, but he does not show «ny courage in sum
moning into court men who in good, honest, straight
forward English charge him with felony and chal
lenge him to the only form of contest where the truth
can be established on sworn testimony and be fully
made known.
There are some corrupt men who are astute enough
to be able to use many words without betraying
themselves, but Mayor Phelan is not one of them. He
has the cunning to resort to a wilderness of words for
hiding, but not the skill to conceal his tracks through
them. Thus his defense itself affords evidence to jus
tify his conviction. He admits that he frequently re
sorted to the Examiner office and held conferences
concerning the Police Department, that Esola was
present at several of the conferences, that his name
was mentioned in connection with the office of Chief
of Police; and he adds: "I was not unaware of the
fact that his' friends expected for him some recogni
tion in the line of promotion in case I was elected to
office."
That much the Mayor betrays through sheer
fluency of words, and from that can be estimated what
he would be forced to admit further were he subject
to cross-examination in the courts.
From that point the Mayor goes on to fling asper
sions upon all around him. According to his state
ments the Police Department under the former board
was controlled by a corrupt "upper office"; only
Esola was good; all journalists are blackguards and
prostitutes except the Examiner, which, to quote his
own words, "never, like others, truckled to those
evil influences I have described and which beset our
city."
There is much more of that kind in the Mayor's re
ply, but it is not worth while going over it. From the
specimen quoted the public can judge the whole. The
Mayor avows the / Examiner to be his type of re
former and declares his intention to run the city along
the lines of the practices of that paper. If that be
not a confession of the truth of the charge made by
The Call, what is it?
The Call repeats the charge that in order to en
compass his election Mayor Phelan bargained away
to a predatory gang the Police Department of the
city, and asserts again that it has sufficient evidence
to sustain the charge in a court of justice.
It is no answer to that charge to say that Esola is
the only incorruptible officer on the police force and
Andrew Lawrence the only honorable journalist in
California. Neither was the charge refuted by the
votes cast in his favor last November, when the peo
ple were .ignorant of the conspiracy that had been ar
ranged between Phelan and the advocates of a "wide
open town."
There is but one way to refute the charge, and that
way is provided by law. The courts are open to the
Mayor. The Call is amply responsible. Its pro
prietor and editor does not live in hiding outside the
jurisdiction of California courts. There will'be no
difficulty in finding some one to hold responsible for
The Call charges. There will be no evasion, no flying
from justice, no equivocation and no lying to avoid
responsibility on the part of The Call. The Mayor
is charged with felony and with conspiring to betray
the city into the hands of rascals by giving them con
trol of the police force. That is the issue. Mayor
Phelan dare not meet it.
rHURSDAY JANUARY 18, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ali Communications ta W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
JMULICATIOX OFFICE.. Market find Tblrd. S. P.
Telrpbone Main ISOS.
EDITOIUAL noo«<i 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Trlrplmno Main 1874.
OAKLAM) OFFICE.... DOS Ilroadnny
C. GCOnGE KnOGXKSS.
Hanacer KorrfKU Art vrrtloln jr. Slarqaette Dalld-
Ids*. ClilcaßO.
AMUSEMENTS.
OrlbPHrs— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A \VInUT"« Tale."
California— "'The Countess Gucki."
Tivoll— •The Idol's Eye."
Grand Opera-house— "D.in O.esar cf Irun."
Alhanibra— "A Hot Old Time."
Alcazar— "Lady Wlndermere'B Fan."
Ci-.uit*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•fenlxif.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ell'.B streets— Specialties.
£heman-C!ay Hall— Sonx Recital. Monday evenlc*, Janu-
ary 22.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Py Turkish Ruk Co.— This day. at II a. in. and 2 p. m.,
Turkish Rues, at 149 Stockton street.
6ALASKAN CURIOS.
Collection Presented to the State Uni-
versity Being Arranged in the
Ferry Depot.
Work Is in progress on the Installation
of the Alaskan Museum of the University
of California In the east nave of the ferry
building. Tho same space is being used
which whs employed for the public exhi
bition of the Hearst plans for university
buildings. Professor William E. Rltter
and Professor H. P. Johnson of the de
partment of zoology of the University of
California and Charles Keeler of the
Academy of Sciences aro directing the
work.
This collection Is of extreme value and
scientific interest. It was presented to the
University of California by the Alaska
Commercial Company. Many aboriginal
utenxils and implements are represented
which It would be now impossible to dupli
cate because of the decline of aboriginal
arts and because of the change In Alas
kan conditions.
A HUGE BILL!
EVERY ACT A HOWLING SUCCESB.
ARTHUR XELPTONE and MINNIE ABBEY.
HANSON and NELSON.
&JLLE. EMMY and H*r Marvelous roxterrtera.
HODGES and LAUNJHMERE.
The B^st Coon Act in the Country.
FRANK COFFIN, the Local Tenor.
ELINViRE SISTERS. FRANK LATONA.
CHAS. A. GARDNER. JOHN AND NELLIE
MACARTHY.
Reserved Feal», Eic; balcony. 10c: opera chalrr
and box srats. 10c.
Matinee* Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
HARBOR BOARD PERPLEXED.
Wharf Repairs Nccsssitate aßemoval
of the Marion.
The Harbor Commissioners are in a
state of perplexity as to what to do with
the training ship Marion, the removal of
which from Howard street wharf No. 3
is necessitated by the repairs to be com
menced there In two weeks. Captain Nat
James and General Dickinson held a con
ference with President Kilburn and Com
missioner llarney yesterday In regard to
a permanent slip for the vessel, the re
sult being that the matter was referred to
Commissioner Harney a^id Chief Wharfin
ger Henderson for further consideration.
The docks are crowded, owing to the brisk
condition of trade, but the otticials assert
their intention of providing the Marion
with as good a slip as can possibly be ob
tained.
The contract for rebuilding Spear street
wharf was awarded by the Commission
ers to James A. McMann for J1799 15, and
the contract for removing the tugboat
wharf to the Dundon Bridge & Construc
tion Company for $253 -JO. Healy & Teb
bltts were the lowest bidders for recon
structing Spear street wharf, but their
bid was rejected as irregular. The ac
ceptance of an oral proposition, while
legal, in the opinion of ex-Governor Budd.
was decided to be a bad precedent.
The balance due to the estat« of A. Page
Brown, the architect, of $3710 79 for plans
In connection with the Union Depot and
Ferry House was allowed and ordered
paid.
Chief Engineer Holmes reported that
the damage by fire to the grain sheds at
section 1 of the peawall was $i2<>o. An ex
amination of the books In the secretary's
office by an expert showed the accounts to
be in perfect condition. A petition of the
Custom-house for more room at Main
street wharf No. 1 for Customs District
No. 3 was referred to Chief Wharfinger
Henderson and Chief Engineer Holmes for
a report. Sundry bills were ordered paid
In the aggregate sum r.f J2114 O.
Every XlfM. Incladlr.c Sunday.
MATINEE PATLRDAT.
LOUIS JAMES.
KATHRVN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
Ar.i a Company of "7 P«cp!« in the Maenlflcfr.t
THE WINTER'S TALE.
Beg. MONDAY, 2(1 Week cf the
JAHE--KIDDER-HANTORD COMBINATION.
MONDAY. ...••THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL"
Nrxt 4 Nichts 'THE WINTER'S TALE"
F-'iturJay Matins ""HAMLET"
Eat. r;v«.."MACrJETH.-' Sun. ..."OTHELLO'
AMUSEMENTS.
SUGAR BOATS
CANNOT LOAD
AT HONOLULU
? —
Will Go to Outside
Ports for Cargoes.
The strict quarantine at Honolulu is
driving a lot of vessels away from that
port. Quite a fleet has been lying there
for some time awaiting a sugar cargo, but
as there is no communication with the
plantations on the island they have been
unable to get a load. Many of the vessels,
according to advices by the steamer
China, are going to Makawell and other
open rcadsteds. They will anchor off shore
and the sugar will be brought off to them
In small steamers. In this way a cargo
will be secured and the fleet will be able
to reach this port without any more de
lay.
There are only three sugar boats in San
Francisco at the present time, and the
bark Albert Is the only one of the three
loading for Honolulu. Of the others the
Kails of Clyde will go to Hllo and the
Planter to Lahnla. Of the entire sugar
llect there are only four on the way here,
all the others being tied up by the quar
antine. The four are the ship Centennial
and the barks Alden Besse, Martha Da
vis and Diamond Head, all of which are
now out ten days.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bertha sailed for Unalaska yes
terday. She took away a large quantity
of merchandise for Cape Nome, but It will
not reach the diggings before spring. The
goods will be landed and stored In the
company's warehouse at Unalaska and
then when the lee opens In the spring It
will be carried on up to Nome In the side
wheel, steamer Sadie. By this means tho
Commercial Company will probably land
its goods two weeks ahead of anybody else
at tlie diggings.
The Bertha took away quite a number
of miners and cannery men. The miners
are going to the Apollo mine on Unga
Island and the cannery men are like the
Cape Nome merchandise. They are going
north now so as to be first on the fishing
grounds In the spring.
The British ship Annie Thomas is now
out 166 days from Cardiff for Acapulco,
and the underwriters are paying 3o per
cent to reinsure vessel and cargo. The
Thomas Is commanded by Captain Mere
dith, who Is. well known In San Francisco.
He was here about three years ago In the
Dominion, but left that vessel to take ui3
present command. After he left ihe Do
minion that vessel was sent to Hawaii,
and from Honolulu she started for Puget
Sound in ballast. That Was a year ago.
and neither vessel nor crew has ever been
heard from since.
The underwriters are also afraid for tlio
British ship Reliance. She is now out
185 days from Hamburg for San Fran
cisco, and 1.5 per cent reinsurance is bein?
paid on her.
The British ship Godiva Is now under
going repairs at Mission street wharf. She
got a terrible battering off the Horn in
October laet. and now her bulwarks have
to be repaired, new stanchions put In. a
new poop stairway erected, a 'new sky
light put over the cabin and sundry oth<--r
repairs that will take a couple of weeks
to make. The repairs are being made by
Hhc Risdcn Iron works, and they will l>e
completed OS soon as the ship Is ready for
stiffening. Th« Godiva Is under charter
to lond wheat for Europe.
The Mall steamer Newport .will sail for
Panama and way ports loaded to the
guards with merchandise. The Mail Com
pany has b«*?n /slashing rates right and
left, and In consequence considerable
freight that was being held for the Kos
mos steamer Volumnla was secured. The
latter vessel will be due here !n a few
days from Hamburg via South and Cen
tral American ports, and in spite of the
rate war a full return cargo awaits her
arrival.
of five to draft resolutions calling upon California's repre-*
sentatlves in Congress to support the bill introduced in the
House by Representative Moody of Massachusetts provid
ing for the abrogation of the duty on hides, after a short
discussion, which was participated in by A. J. Marcus,
president of the S. 11. Frank Company; Adolph Blseingor
of Blssinger & Co.; Siegfried Nlckelsburg. president cf
Cahn. Nlckelsburgrft Co.; Mr. Evans of Norton & Co. and
others. Mr. Kullman started to name his committee at
once, but on the suggestion of Mr. Nickelsburg he de
ferred this duty until after the meeting In order that he
might have sufficient time to select men who would thor
oughly represent all interests. The committee is also ex
pected to prepare a plan of action to be pursued in secur
ing the desired legislation. As stated by Mr. Nickelsburjr,
the present tariff Is supposed to be a protective tariff, but
Is one that does not protect, and therefore should be re
pealed. The business of the meeting rnded with the adop
tion of the motion to appoint a committee and the meeting
adjourned fifteen minutes after being called to order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
CARBOLIC ACID
CAUSED SISTER
CORA'S DEATH
Poison Found in Her
Stomach.
? . « —
WAS DESPONDENT RECENTLY
Coroner Cole Battled Against the
Medical Evidence of Suicide,
but Was Obliged to
Give In.
?' ¦ —
Autopsy Surgeon Thomas R W. L*land
announced yesterday afternoon that Sis
ter Cora Seawell had come to her death
by carbolic acid poisoning.
The medical Investigation Into the
cause of death of the devoted Episcopa
lian sister was as thorough as it could
possibly be made, and was a pleasing rev
elation to Morgue habitues who had be
come familiarized with the slipshod meth
ods that prevailed during the last admin
istration.
The ordinary examination of the body
by dissection failed to reveal the cause
of death. There were Indications of pa
ralysis of the heart, brought about by
some sudden cause, and not as the result
of any gradual disease. The tongue was
whiter than normal and showed traces of
corrosion by ncid, and the odor of the
mouth revealed the presence of carbolic
Where Should You EatP
At 7.1 nk and' s. of course. Every one admits
it to be the best place in the city. •
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
WbcleMle Dealer *nrl Shipper or Coke.
OFFICE, tit FOLSOM ST.
SHE FOUND A FORTUNE.
Mrs. Wilkinson's Unexpected Discov-
cry in Anna Byrne's Home.
Mrs. Jane Wilkinson, wife of ex-Supervi
sor Wilkinson, has been grunted letters of
administration upon the estate of the late
Mrs. Anna Byrne, who died January 5 at
203 Hyde street. Mrs. Byrne, who was
Mrs. Wilkinson's aunt, resided at the
home in which she died for over a quarter
of a century. It was thought that the
total value of hej- estate would not ex
ceed $5000. but after her death Mrs. Wil
kinson searched the house and found
bank books showing that the deceased had
money on deposit in the various banks of
the city to the amount of $125,000. Mrs.
Wilkinson Immediately applied for letters
of administration, which Judge Coffey
granted yesterday, fixing the. bond at
$250,000. The deceased was 80 years of ape
and v native of County Cork. Ireland. She
left a number of relatives In this State
and Ireland, who will share her fortune.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
?•..FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
, ...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO .*. S. . S. "PORTLAND".. April SO. 1900
FROM SEATTLE S. 3. '•DORA" Apr.l 20. 13C0
FROM SAN FRANCISCO , S. S. •UAINIER" May 10. 1300
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. '"ST. PAUL," May ttlh
A Steamer Will Be Di patched Every Fortntiht Tiisreaftsr.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE — S. S. "BF.RTUA." comraencln* April Bth
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new folders, maps and further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT. 310 Sansome street. San Francisco. Cal.
For Seattle sailings apply to CAIT. JAS. CARKOLL. Mutual Life Bulldlaar, SeaUte.Wulk
Stenographer on Fire.
Miss Alice Smith, a stenographer em
ployed by the W. A. Noyes Company at
402 Montgomery street, had her dress set
on fire yesterday at noon by the upset
ting of a coal oil stove. Her screams
brought help and the fire was put out
with but little damage.
If you don't care for the things you
can't* obtain you will be fairly happy.
Was With Dewey at Manila
The Havana Journal, published In Ha
vana, Cuba, of a recent date contains an
account of the receipt of a bronze medal
sent to William J. Rightmire of the de
partment of posts of Cuba by the Admiral
Dcwey reception committee. The medal
was made from metal captured at Manila
and struck In honor of the admiral's re
turn. Rightmire was fleet pay clerk for
the admiral's fleet at Manila Bay. He has
many friends in this city, having held
positions in the County Clerk's and Re
corder's offices.
We stamp your name in gold letters
free of charge on all pocketbooks and
other leather goods purchased at our
store. Trunks, valises and Mexican carved
leather work a specialty. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. *
In the Divorce Court.
A decree of divorce was granted yester
day in the Superior Court to Wllametta
Hutchinson from Sterling P. Hutchlnson.
on the ground of willful desertion.
Suits for divorce have been flled by Julia
Conn against Jacob Cohn. for desertion;
Rose McGtlUvray against William Me-
GlMlvray, for failure to provide; Edmund
I). Dake ngrtlnst Florence Dake. for de
sertion; Annie Farron against John Far
ron, for cruelty, and John Koch against
Lottie A. Koch, for cruelty. . ¦;
SUDDEN DEATH.
Dudley Burley, Bridge Builder, Was
Found Dead in Bsd.
Dudley Burley, bridge builder, wni
found dead in bed yesterday forenoon In
his room at 305 Minna street. At 1 o'clock
on the afternoon of the preceding day
Mrs. Ella Thompson, his landlady, looked
Into his room and saw that he had not
arisen. She thought that he was asleep
and she therefore did not make any In
quiry into the matter.
Burley was unmarried, a native of
Maine and about IS years old. Death
is believed to have been due to natural
causes. An Inquest will be held.
DIRECTORS ELECT OFFICERS.
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
Holds Its Annual Meeting.
The annual election of officers of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company was
held yesterday afternoon by the director?
of the corporation, and it was attended
with a ceremony that brought all the em
ployes in contact with their superiors.
The directors elected W. J. Dutton,
president; Bernard Faymonville. vice
president; J. B. Levlson, second vice pres
ident and marine secretary; Louis Wein
man, secretary, and F. W. Lougee. treas
urer. Some time ago President Staples,
who was for many years the chief execu
tive, resigned and W. J. Dutton since
then has been presiding officer.
After the meeting of the directors all
the employes gathered in the main office
and Treasurer Lougee made an address,
which was highly laudatory of ex-Presi
dent' Staples and the employes of the
office. At the conclusion of the address
Mr. Staples was presented with a beauti
ful morocco album containing the photo
graphs of the officers, directors and em
ployes of the company. In response Mr.
Staples thanked one and all for thtir
faithful service and was visibly overcome
when the employee advanced in line to
shake him by the hand.
JOSEPH CLARK'S WILL.
Pioneer Mining Man Leaves a For-
tune to His Relatives.
The will of Joseph Clark, a pioneer In
mining circles, who died on the 6th lnst..
leaving an estate believed to be worth
about $2T,0.000. was filed for probate yes
terday. By the terms of the will Betty
Kerr of Franklin County. Missouri, will
receive JCWO. The residue Is devised to
the following heirs: Annie Monroe. Susan
Burk, Joseph Durk, George Burk. Joseph
Clark. Edward, Frank and Angelo Clark.
Annie M. Turner and Annie \\ alis, neph
ews and nieces of the decedent. Mrs.
Phebe A. Hearst and Edward H. Clark
are named as executors of the wilL
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Telephone Main £22.
BRILLIANT VICTORY OF THE NEW COMIC
OPERA.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Delinirer's Famous Composition.
DON CAESAR
OF IRUN.
HAILED WITH ENTHUSIASM BT CROWD-
ED HOUSES.
Next Wtek— "THE QUEEN'S LACE HAND-
KERCHIEF."
PRICES 25c. 50c. Tsc
GALLERIES. 10c and 15c.
Good reserved seat in orchestra Saturday
matinee J5 cents. Branch ticket office Em-
porium.
FAVOR CARRYING
PASSENGERS T0
DESTINATION
Important Suit Over
Street Railroads.
11. G. Walker, by his attorney, H. A.
Aldrich, to-day filed a suit for $200 dam
ages against the Oakland Transit Com
pany for failure upon the part of the com
pany to carry him through to his destina
tion at night.
Walker says that he got on a car of the
Transit Company's system, intending to
transfer to the Piedmont division. The
last car on the Piedmont division did not
wait for his car or the cars on that line
did not run as late as the cars on the
other line, and he had to go home in a
hack. He holds that railroads are com
pelled to carry their passengers to their
destination when they once accept fare
from them.
This raises an Interesting question, be
cause street railroads frequently stop the
service on their branch lines before they
do that on their main lines. Mr. Walker's
suit will settle whether this can be done
or not.
In view of this suit It is of Interest to
know that the Supreme Court will render
a decision on February 5 upon the famous
cults of "Stop-over Robinson" against th 1 ;
Southern Pacific Company. When the
Southern Pacific Company put the gates
on their local trains Robinson and his
family claimed that they had the right
to get stop-over privileges at each station
on the local system. They were of course
refused the privilege, and for weeks they
pursued the policy of demanding and hav
ing refused this privilege. For every re
fusal they filed a damage suit for $200.
and as they had £500 cases their claims
lor damages amounted to $560,000.
These suits were brought, some In Oak
land, some in Alameda and some in San
Francisco. Judge Sanderson forced all
of the cases Into one, so that all of the
claims will stand or fall upon the decision
of the Supreme Court next month.
acid. Morgue Chemist Green finished his
analysis of the contents of the stomach
yesterday at noon and reported to Coro
ner Cole that he had found carbolic acid
in the stomach. The Coroner was loth
to believe that a member of a religious
order, and one who had lived a self-sac
rifielng life, would make way with her
self, and in order that mere might not be
any mistake requested Morgue Surgeon
Leland to make an autopsy of the wo
man's brain.
Dr. Leland completed the autopsy short
ly before a o'clock and reported that the
brain was normal, and that there were
no traces of apoplexy. Dr. Leland will
testify at the inquest that carbolic acid
poisoning was the cause of Sister Cora's
death. The inquest will be held at 10
o'clock this morning and all the facts will
be brought out.
It has since been learned that Sister
Cora called on a friend last Sunday even
ing at the Bella Vista Hotel and was very
much depressed over the prospect that
her work at St. Alban's Episcopal Mission
would cease at the end of the month,
and that she would then be without ac
tive employment. She had received an
offer to assist Bishop Rowe In Alaska,
but feared that at her advanced age she
would not be able to stand the severity
of the climate.
The deceased was a noble hearted wo
man, as an incident which has Just come
to light will Illustrate. A young man
named Cameron, about 20 years old, and
said to be a relative of Police Captain
Dirdsall, was studying for the ministry.
Ho was poor and had barely enough
means to pull him through. Sister Cora
was well acquainted with him and his
family, and with that unselfish generos
ity characteristic of the devout Christian,
assisted him out of her slender means
from time to time. She often wore broken
shoes and patched dresses because of her
desire to help worthy persona In whom
she took an interest. . .
ANOTHER CHANGE IN
COMMANDING OFFICERS
COLONEX ESKBIDGE SLATED
FOB THE PBESIDIO.
Will Outrank All Others Now Avail
able — Home From Cuba Wound
ed and on Sick Leave.
The personality of the prospective com
manding ofilctr of the Presidio haa
changed ajaln. and this time it appears
to be settled for good. Lieutenant Colo
pel Richard I. Kskridge of the Twenty
third Infantry has received orders to pro
ceed to the Presidio and take station
there, and ho is superior to any on*' now
there or coming tn?re. and he will as
sume command. Major Rucker of the
Sixth Cavalry, who it was supposed
would command the post, will do duty
with the two troops of the Sixth Cavalry
already at the post.
Colonel Eskridge has been on li.'arht duty
in this city, following upon a sick leava
upon which he came up from Cuba. He
was. wounded in the Ipr during the San
tiago campaign, and even now he i 3 suf
fering from the effects of the Injury. He
could not accompany h!3 regiment to the
Philippines, and as soon as he was able
ho was piaced "on such light duty as he
could perform" here in San Francisco.
His last orders relieve him from this duty
and assign him to the Prps'.dio.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Allen D. Mr-
Lean has been aligned to duty at the
general hospital. Acting assistant Sur
geon T. C. Stunkard. who is on duty
there, has applied to headquarter* to have
his contract annulled. He Intends to re
turn to his hnrac in New Orleans, where
he will resume his private practice.
Emeric Mulner. the Insane patient from
the general hospital who escaped from
his guard while on his way East to the
Government Hospital tor the Insane, was
again started eastward yesterday. He es
caped the first trip from Sacramento, but
he was recaptured after a long chase
through the country. This time he will
be more carefully guarded.
John R. Walker, a private of the Sev
enteenth Infantry, died at the general
hospital yesterday.
STORY OF WRONG TOLD
BY A RUSSIAN SAILOR
ACCUSES CAPTAIN WESTON OF
THE LYDEBHOBN.
Alleges That He Was Assaulted by
the Mate and Defrauded Out.
of His Wages.
Oscar Haak visited the office of United
States District Attorney Coombs yester
day and poured into the attentive ear of
Assistant District Attorney Banning a
doleful tale of "sailor men" being abused
and robbed by pirates of the sea.
Haak is a Russian with a German
twist and is as patient as a lamb. His
story is that five months ago he shipped
at Hamburg for a three years' cruise a?
"bo's'n" on the then good ship Lyder
horn, flying the British flag. His articles
called for four pounds sterling per month.
On arriving at this port two weeks ngj
ho received four pounds wages and was
run off the vessel by the mate, who was
armed with a cutlass and a belaying pin.
Haak is a timid man. He is not the
type of Russians of which Nihilists are
made, and the mate scared him so much
that he fled from the vessel, leaving his
cap behind. He says the mate swore
that he would brain him with the belay
ing pin and slice him into ham sar.vl
wiches with the cutlass If he ever dared
to come on board the ship again.
Haak says further that he went to the
British Consul and -told hit» story, but
that he received no relief or hope of any.
He Fays other members of the <jrew w»-r«»
partially paid off and dismissed from the
vessel, their places being filled with a
fresh crew.
Bert Schlesinger has taken up the sail
or's case and brought suit yesterday af
ternoon to recover damages from Cop
tain Weston, mate of the Lyderhorn. for
breach of contract and the amount of
three years' wagea less the four pounds
which Haak admits having received.
Police Judge Fritz yesterday Issued a
John Doe warrant for the arrest of the
mate on a charge of battery.
rHE hide and leather men of San Francisco do not al
low the grass to grow under their feet when they are
called upon to take action to protect their interests.
An illustration of their promptitude in this regard wad
given yesterday afternoon, when they were called together
in the rooms of the Board of Trade for the purpose of
taking steps to secure the abrogation by Congress of the
duty on hides.
There were only about a dozen present at the meeting,
but they were all representatives of big tanneries and
leather firms and they knew what they were the^re for.
Before they had fairly taken their seats Herbert Kullman,
secretary of Kullman. Salz & Co.. had been elected tem
porary chairman, and had taken the floor to state the ob
ject of the gathering. W. 11. Purtelle, editor of the Pa
cific shoe and Leather Journal, was elected temporary sec
retary after Mr. Kullman had finished his remarks, which
were brief and to the point.
The chairman xas authorized to appoint a committee
HIDE AND LEATHER MEN
WANT DUTY ABROGATED
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And Worn=out Worried Mothers Find
Comfort in CUTICURA.
SOME MONTHS AGO OUR BABY'S HEAD GOT SORE. We took
him to the doctor, who pronounced- it poison and gave us some medicine
4ftCS» .. which did no good. Ilia head got so bad
j^pjj^v — :-"'^Sk ho would cry all night, and my wife could
s-'f'^&v i*~~"^ sleep none, and began to look ghostly.
Cj&Zi dCi 'PfPfr s k ca '* S ot 'o 'oro that wo put-a night
]X*" ca P on n;m » na( l folded a white cloth four
1 thicknesses inside of it, and just through
M\ii| I tjs^-^Myii tho night a kiad of matter would ooze out
t" T&k J&ffii'vi imm hh ' 3 hcaJ> Boake<l tlirou S n the cloth
/ \ aQt^ ca^ an '^ oa to tlie P i "°' tr - n0 to P
/ )sht^~~* > Sz& te^s •nfHack of \\ia hendwas almost a solid
y*h£z-z^£jZ :r ~~~~Tr**^ KJK J ' sore » an '^ locked so badly that words would
l^J ..rfTr not r^ cr '^° "• Almost in despair I told
/i^^v m y *''"'' J ' !af * SOtMI CuxircnA Remedies
/w \ Rfivt advertised and recommended very highly
>qVj^^|** * ' tf-IJf an<^ was S°' n K to try them. I bought
)(\Vy • JF*n t ' lo Ccticcra Resolvent, Cuticcba
A\^ * X*ST Soap, and CtmrrßA Ointment. We gave
. V V. m a^f °f t* 18 Resolvent, used part of
/yj / V«= isii $i the cake of Soap, and before we had used
/f /! yL\^r^&r *k° second box of Cttticura Ointment he
/ Jl In I ?^&&r commenced to get better, and is now as
A // /"/-- I $y^\ we^ anc^ l icaf ty as anybody's boy. lie ij
*ljf)?""""~ lEnuft^ur as merry as a lark, sleeps soundly all night,
*+fvr^fys.C\HW£r^Jr ftn(^ s k a ' r looks glossy, thick,' and soft.
v££^^->vf~^yy^ while my wife looks like a different woman,
JEf&***~~~^ I look at him and think I owe it to you and
to suffering mankind to write and tell you of thi* almost wonderful cure.
W. W. & J. E. MYEItS, Box DO, Munroe City, Ind,
Completo External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
ConsisUngof Ci'ticlt.a SoapC'J'.c). to cleanse the skin of crust* and
«ca!*« and ooften the thlckimd cutirlo; cuTicritA Oistmevt (JOc.j,
mBBd SnHH Sir's to ' 3it:lcll y :ll! ¦»>' il^i'-ins. laflannnjat'.on, urn] irritation, and soothe acd
\l£S>&VlHa Cfi heal; and CuTtcrn.* Rt.hot.vkst (Me), 10 cm' «n<l c!o!in*e the blood.
__ _ A dINOt.R SBT la often sufficient to enre th* most torturing, diafl^urin?,
Tlir \FT - SLI 7i» and humiliating «kln, ica!?, and Mood humors, with lost of hair, when
I flk Oil) 4>liCW all el*«> fails. I'otteh Drvg and Cusm. Cor.p., :?o:e I'ups , Boston.
"How. to Cnro Baby Humors," fre«.
150 cts. for 53 cups — I
and "every cup a meal." I
Rich food — delicious bey- |
era^e. 1
The first successful |
American reproduction of R
the weil-known concen- p
trated and soluble cocoas §3
cf Europe — improved and H
fresher and offered at a |
little over half the price, ra
Made by the manufac- |/j
turers of Ghirardelli's |4
Breakfast Cocoa. |j
£+O-*-O*-O-*-O ?04-o*o*o-*0 -»-O-»O *O ?• O*O*O*O-»O "?-O*O*O-»O-* O*O*O*Q
O ' T
? "*-»^ Strictly Reliable.' J
1 m Dr.Talcott& Co. \
? J^i ¦ sSSf'lSl Practice Confined to o
I \mL M^nJ^y- !
? J^^^iwfi^ir Varicocele cured In one wse!^ °
° > A %Uw&%£?\ ct oFfi ce. or four weeKs 1 home o
o trectroent. Stricture cured by ?
? vy JfM\ &/j L >w painless electricity. Discharges ?
9 n /v^SS^&i^jjY^ x^w cured by the irrigation ro^thod. X
X o^// 1/ IT^^rfl v->i A " forms of weakness a spe- 4
? Ihr Y\% I cialty - ?
£ \\ 1 \ Wv\/t // Correspondence Invited. +.
? \\ I 1/J 997 Market Street, Corner Sixth. %
* important Announcement^ *<*&
1. To Consi/mcrs ok EinßHOiDEnr Silks. -*
*§•
T M- HEMINWAY & SONS SILK CO.. T
?? WATERTOWN. CONN.. **
MANUFACTURERS OF *S*
* Permanent Oriental Dyes, f
j^ JAPAN FLOSS. TURKISH FLOSS, SPANISH FLOSS, /*
I TWISTED EMBROIDERY SILK. ROPE SILK. ;*
•^ desire to caution purcbasers against accepting from dealeis, flosses or
«j4 embfoide-y si'xs sold as "KJcrrjinways" that have no tickets printed "M. +^
ry f-jeminway A Son§" attached to the skeins. -9
"*: THjE TICKETS on the skeins of M. Heminway 4. Sons* Art Needle-
"j+ worl\ SilKs 'each the dealers in perfect condition, securely fastened, and *y
j^ will r.st beccme detached in ordinary handling. /^
j^ MISREPRESENTATIONS have been practiced in San Francisco, and
*• this net cc is circulated that the public may be guarded against the imposition.
~is INSIST that a!l skeins have attached tickets bearing firm name. *y
4+ "M. HEMINWAY & SONS," *$.
J4 PERMANENT ORIENTAL DYES. g>
4iis.isi is.ift !s.<s.
CALIFORNIAJfIEATERII?"
DESIGNED TO BEGET
FORGETFULNESS OF THE SEAMY-SIDE
OF LIFE.
THO COIN . v,S UCKI.
Daly's Great Comedy Success. Charmingly Pre-
sented by the FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Miss Mar}' Van Buren In Ada Rehan's Famous
Role.
Next Rtindar Night, the uproariously funny.
Farce Comedy from the French,
"lIS PARADISE,"
S^LE COMMENCE- TO-D^Y
For th<s FAREWELL CONCERT to Be Given
By the PEERLESS DIVA.
E/V\/V\A INEV//*D/*.
On Monday Nlsht Next. Jan. 224, assisted by
MR. LOUIfi BLUMENRERG, Cellist.
MR. SELDEN PRATT. Planl#t.
Entire Chanpe of Programme.
Popular Prices for Reserved Seats— soc, $1 00,
11 50. $2 00.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
ONE WEEK.
TO-NIGHT-SATURDAY MATINEE. .
THE KMYS* Howlinft Success,
A HOT OLD TIME!
OUR PA * RONS OF LAST NIGHT AXE STILL
CHUCKLING WITH JOY.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening lie. 25c. Sic, Me and 75c. Matinee. 15c,
25c, 3Dc and 50c.
SATURDAY NIGHT LAST, PERFORMANCE.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON. THE EVER
POPULAR
AT - GAY — CONEY - ISLAND.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MO\"SOLD OUT MGHTLY II
ANOTHER ELTERB TRIUMPH.!
ENORMOUS fUCCESS
Of Frank Daniels' Comic Opera.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Curtain rises at 3 sharp.
EVERT EVENING. EVERT EVENING.
6ATURDAY MATINEE.
Avoid the Crowd. Secure Peats Early!!
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 CENTS
TELEPHONE. BU£H 9.
SHERMAN, CLAY & 00. HALL
223 SETTER STREET.
3-SONG RECITALS— 3
By the Illustrious Soprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
MONDAT EVENING NEXT January 22
THURSDAY EVENING January 25
SATURDAY MATINEE Junuary 27
PRICES. SI &0 and U.
KEATS NOW ON RALE AT SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.'S MUEIO STORE.
ALCAZAR_JH EATER.
TO-HSTEOrI-IT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE BATUROAT and BUKDAT.
American Drbut of
/WAY BLAYNEY
In Oscar Wildes Beautiful Play,
"LADY
WINDERMEREFS
FAN'"
PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c. sOc
NEXT WEKK— "LORD CHCMLKT."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TAINFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-M. 19C0. Inclusl\-c.
Six hiEh-clB«« runnlr.i; racca every week day,
rain or shin*, fa-glnnlnc at 1:20 p. m.
The ldral winter racetrack of America. Pa-
tron* *tcp <llr»rtljr from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand. Kla;s-rnclosed. where
ccrn tort ably housed In Irnd weather they can
enjty an unobstructed view of the races.
Tra'tis leave Tlilrd and Towr.«end Mreetß at
5:00, 10:«0 and 11:30 a. m.. ami 12:15, 12:35, 12:50
tnj l:Io p. m., returning Immediately after
last, race at 4:43 i>. m. Rear cars reserved for
women and their escorts. No t::i.?kins- Valen-
cia street 10 m!r.ttes later.
San Jose and way i-tatlons. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
an') 4:45 p. in.
Rates: Pan Frar.clico to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track. Jl 25.
V IT. GTIEKX. Pe-<-retarv and Manaffer.
CHIiTES_4ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
iLLA BURT. Coasting the thntes,
MAJOR MITE,
i:ma!le£t Actor on I^irth.
AND A SPLENDID PROGRAMME.
TO-NIGHT, AMATEUR NIGHT!
CONSTANTINOPLE MINSTRELS,
An Oriental Revelation.
Phone for Scat PARK 23
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD TSE DAMIAKA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Market.
7New York Stock Market.
OPINIONS DIFFER AS TO WHETHER
IT WILL IMPROVE OR NOT.
Henry Clews* New York circular says:
"While the rtock market Is In an intrinsically
Bovni condition the long desired advance has
been deferred for reasons that are somewhat
perplexing to the average operator. The beet
explanation that can be offered is the wide
divergence of opinion respecting the future
course of prices. ' Those who believe In a higher
market argue that liquidation has been Bevere;
that Mocks have largely passed from weaker
Into etronger hands; that prices are consid
erably below the t*>st of 1559; that prosperity
continues throughout the country without signs
of abating; that the great railroad systems
and Industrial concerns are enjoying good
•¦amities; that there is a good demand for
labor; that wages In the lower departments of
labor have riwn; that money Is easier; that
the Bank of England rate has been reduced
from * to I per cent and the Bank of France
from 4% to 4 per cent; that funds are coming
"to New York; that there is little to fear from
Congress pending a Presidential election; In
ehort, that a laree majority of the Influences
which control prices are In favor of an ad
vance.
"On the other hand there are many, and
their number is Increasing, who believe recent
liquidation was necessary and beneficial: that
a great number of buyers were crippled by
the December panic, and now have neither
the ar>illty nor disposition to re-enter the mar
ket; that some of the big cliques which con
trol the situation are not ready for an ad
vance; that the Trantsvaal war. with the pros
pect of long continuance and a large Issue
of consols, is an effectual hindrance to any
bull campaign; that the old rates for money
will not be renewed; that the higher level, of
Interest rates is against maintaining fancy
prices for securities paying small returns; that
the present activity in business cannot continue
much longer without receiving set-backs; In
ehort. that present and prospective prosperity
has been amply discounted, and that a period
of reet is required for recuperation of force
and readjustment of values.
"Of the two positions we have no hesitation
about expressing our belief In the former, or
Jn an ultimately higher market. There Is,
however, sufficient force In the argument of
the other eide to command attention and In
duce caution. At the moment there Is little
disposition to buy etocks, and some fresh stim
ulus is needed to attract the outside public.
Among. the big leaders there Is no appearance
of concerted action, such as is nece«sary to
any bull campaign: on the contrary, there are
etro/jg evidences that some of them are work-
Ing for lower price* In order, of course, to
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daye.... — $4 8414
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 BS%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — s!fV*
Mexican Dollars — 4SJi
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was %d lower. This mar
ket was higher on call, but unchanged on the
spot.
The strength In corn continued to help wheat
In Chicago and. that market was reported
firmer with an Improved demand for export,
about 150,000 bushels being taken for this busi
ness. There was also good buying for Invest
ment. Futures advanced somewhat on the
oversold condition of the market and the out
look was reported better.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9509614 c; milling, 9714
@98% c.
CALL BOARD SALES
' Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May — 4000 ctls.
Second 'Session— May, 8000 ctls, BS%c; 2000,
SBI4C.
Regular Morning - Session— May— 6o,ooo ctls
98% c; December— 2ooo ctls, $103; 2000, $10314;
6000, $1 0314- .
Afterno«n Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 98% c; 2000,
BARLEY— Exports . from this port In 1899
were 3,136,000 ctls, valued at $3,216,400. against
781,366 ctle at $967,740 In 1888.
The market for Feed is stronger and dealers
report an advance.
Feed, 75!ft77</4c for No. 1 and 65@7214c for off
prades; Brewing and Shipping grades. So@B7l4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls.
68% c.
¦¦ Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, t3\ia.
OATS— The market continues dull at un-
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 17.
Stmr Greenwood. Fageriund. IS sours from.
Cleone. •
Stmr Westport, Peterson. 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. 43 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. 4 days from
Portland.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, 13 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. 13 hour* from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr "Whltesboro, Olsen. 13 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Coos Bay. GUlow, 70 hour* from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. (7 hour* troia Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr South Portland. Hall. US hour* from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck. IS hour* from Albion.
CLEARED,
Wednesday. January 17.
Stmr Bertha. Thomas. Unalaska: Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Xanalsao; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Schr Czarina. Wallstedt. Ungx: McCal'.uta
Flshins and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. January 17.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Dlega.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. Eureka,
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Bertha, Thomas. Unalaska.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Cl'eone. Hlgglns. Caspar.
Ship Geo Curtis. Calhoun. Honolulu.
Ship Louis Walsh. Gammons, Port Angeles.
Schr J G Wall. Bjornstrom, Eureka.
Ship Oriental. Parker. Oyster Harbor.
Schr Mary C. Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Czarina. Wallstedt. Unga.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 17, 10 p m— Wea.Cs«»
hazy; wind NE. velocity 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Jan 17— Br ship Lord Elgin, from
Antwerp, for San Francisco, while welshing
anchor at Deal, lost anchor and chain.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 17— Schr De
fender, from Port Townsend.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 14— Scar Saa
Buenaventura, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jaa 17-r^tmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 16. •
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 17— Sch»
Mary Etta, hence Jan 11.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr Rutlt. for Saa
Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 17— U 3 stmr Shertdan.
for Manila.
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed Jan 17— Bktn J il
Griffith, for San Francisco..
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan 17— Schr Wawona.
for Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Signal, hao
Jan 12.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr Lacuna, for
San Francisco.
SAX DlEGO— Sailed Jaa 17— Blctn Retriever.
for Port Hadlock.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jaa 17— Stmr Homer,
from Eureka.
EASTERN PORT.
BATH— Sailed Jan 17— Bark KaluJanl. for
New York, to load for San Frandsc», la tow.
FOREIGN PORTS
PORT PlRlE— Arrived prior to Jaa 17— Br
ship Balclutha. from Port Blakeley.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived Jan I*-Br ah!j> KU
mory, from Oregon.
CLYDE— Sailed Jan 4— Br ship Craiseras. tor
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Jan 14— Fr bark Tou
ralne, for .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 17— Br st»r Glen
ogle, from Tacoma.
Sailed Jan It— Jap stmr Nippon Maru. for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 17— Br
stmr On Sang, hence Dec 4.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Alameda. for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrtved Jan 17-Stmr St
Louis, from New York
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Friesland.
from Antwerp. *
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Rotterdam, for Rotter
dam: stmr St Paul, for Southampton.
ROTTERI>AM-Arrtved Jan 17— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York.
eeeure a larger line of long stocks. The Boer
war has become an.important indirect Influence
upon the American markets, inasmuch as an
issue of consols, which seems inevitable and
which would be considered desirable invest
ments by a certain class of buyers abroad,
would certainly cause more or less selling of
high grade securities, American as well as
others. Little concern Is felt about any pros
pective drain upon our gold supplies, for the
reason that they are ample to meet all prob
able requirements. A decisive British victory
might cause a sharp rally In the stock market,
but it should not be overlooked thfir the British
have an exceedingly difficult task before them
in capturing Pretoria, involving as it must
the cost of much life and treasure."
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— The stock market con
tinued dull and without much life, but there
was an unmistakable undertone of strength
and the character of the small buying demand
showed a substantial improvement. Dealings
in the highly speculative industrials still pre
dominated, but the proportions of the dealings
in them were not so excessive. There was
a notable movement In the Leather stocks
early in the day. but it was not well sus
tained. Third Avenue suffered a violent de
cline of 6U points, but recovered 314. Other
wise the group manifested strength under the
influence of covering by the outstanding short
interest, who were Influenced by the general
strength of the market. Reports of a military
success for the British made the London mar
ket strong and was reflected here. The up
ward course of sterling exchange and exchange
on Paris served somewhat to neutralize this
influence in spite of the continued fall in the
English discount rate. The decided improve
ment In the buying of railroads was con
spicuous In the Grangers. Southern Pacific and
Baltimore and Ohio, though the latter stock
met free offerings to realize. The railroad list
generally was benefited sympathetically by this
strength. The St. Paul statement for the
second week in January encouraged buying in
view of the increase of $311,555 over last year's
earnings, which in turn had been greater than
the year before by $144,355. The supplementary
report of the Baltimore and Ohio for the six
months ending December 31, IS&9. was an In
fluence of strength, with a surplus of interests
and rentals for that period of $1,201,513. State
ments on authority of the account of the
Southern Pacific stock by Union Pacific in
terests helped the market for railroads. The
increased grain movement, a good export de
mand for wheat and the continued increase in
the money supply were all factors of strength.
So also was the statement of the country's
foreign trade for December. The preliminary
statement of agricultural exports had shown
a decrease from last December of $26.212.36S
and as the total exports for the month showed
a decrease for December of IS9B of only $14,505.
431 the difference is attributed to increase in
the exports of manufactured products, to the
amount of $11,646,937. Taking the calendar year
as a whole the decline in the excess of mer
chandise exports is about offset by the decline
in excess of gold imports, leaving the favor
able balance of trade about the same as the
year before.
Business in bonds was not heavy, but prices
were firm. Total sales, par value, $1,225,000.
United States 4s advanced U In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid. I
125 Atchlson Y.>\ !
5.550 Atchlson prefd 60H
6,77 a Baltimore & Ohio SS^ j
Canadian Pacific P2!4
Canada Southern 49
3.550 Chesapeake & Ohio 30 j
2.140 Chicago Great Western 124
3.5C5 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1214 j
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 15
Chicago Ind & I>3ulsville prefd 43
Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 85
425 Chicago & Northwestern 16014
625 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific WS*
1,025- CCCi St Louis 60%
Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d pfefd 14.i
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. l 74
Denver & Rio Grande 17%
610 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 68%
Erie H
200 Erie Ist prefd 32%
Great Northern prefd IC6
Hocking Coal 14
Hockins Valley 31
110 Illinois Central 112
lowa Central 11%
lowa Central prefd 43
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 814
Lake Erie & Western 22
Lake Erie & Western prefd lZ\i
Lake Shore 94
3.255 Louisville & Nashville S'>%
4,850 Manhattan Elevated 92ft
3.6&0 Metropolitan Street Railway 164Jfc
C2O Mexican Central 10%
200 Minneapolis .& St Louis 59
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90
1,900 Missouri Pacific 40
Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri Kansas & Texas.. 10
200 Mlßsourl Kansas & Texas prefd.... 32%
100 New Jersey Central 115
3.500 New York Central 13414
10.250 Norfolk & Western 25
1.M3 Norfolk & Western prefd 0314
1,825 Northern Pacific Sl%
2.000 Northern Pacific prefd 74Vi
140 Ontario & Western 21! i
Orciron Railway & Nay 42
Orexon Railway & Nay prefd 76
2.450 PennsyK-ania 12514
Reading .'... nife
200 Reading Ist prefd 49%
Reading 2d prefd 2614
Rio Grande Western 33
Rio Grande Western prefd 8014
St Louis & San Fran 014
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 68
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32
100 St Louis Southwestern 10
200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 25 '
6.980 "St Paul 117%
St Paul prefd IC3
St Paul & Omaha 116
6,»G5 Southern Pacific 3714
1.340 Southern Railway 11%
757 Southern Railway prefd 54
1,600 Texas & Pacific 1514
4,6*0 Union Pacific , 4f,\
4,236 Union Pacific prefd 74%
Wabash 7
110 Wabash prefd 2014
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 014
100 ¦Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27
100 Wisconsin Central is
Express Companies —
Adams 114
American 143
I'nited States 47
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
2,400 American Cotton Oil 32%
American Cotton Oil prefd 92
American Malting 514
500 American Malting prefd 27
V<«o Am Smelting & Refining 3714
491 Am Smelting &, Refining prefd 884
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 41
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 81
4.160 American Steel & Wire 46%
American Steel & Wire prefd 8914
1,200 American Tin Plate 29
American Tin Plate prefd 81
26.050 American Tobacco 99%
American Tobacco prefd 133
C2O Anaconda Mining Co 3914
1».f.R5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 69*,
2,720 Colorado Fuel & Iron 4414
4,140 Continental Tobacca 3214
COO Continental Tobacco prefd S3
4,670 Federal Steel B0
592 Federal Steel prefd 73
100 General Electric 121
S2O Glucose Supar bo
Glucose Sugar prefd »7
150 International Paper 23
W0 International Paper prefd G6%
100 Laclede Gas 7954
....... National Biscuit S6
National Biscuit prefd $014
National Lead 2514
National Lead prefd 105
125 National Steel 41
100 National Steel prefd ;.... 92
100 New York Air Brake ISO
KOO North American 1414
M 0 Pacific Coast 6114
Pacific Coast Ist. prefd........ ;.. 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
1,650 Pacific Mail 4314
1,*61 People's Gas 103V4
3*o Pressed Steel Car..-. 58
790 Pressed Steel Car prefd 88
491 Pullman Palace. Car ISB
....... Standard Rope & Twine 9
29.550 Sugar 118%
Sugar prefd 113
TOO Tennessee Coal & Iron 7414
EI.WWS United States Leather 17T4
823 United States Leather prefd 75%
Steamer Movements.
Charters.
The W. F. Wltzemarin loads merchandise for
Hllo.
The Louis XTa!*h loads coal at Comox for
gts port: Jessie Minor, redwood at Eureka for
onolulu: Defender, lumber at Port Gamble
for Molokai; Eric, lumber at Port Blakeley for
Yokohama; Chile, wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 355.
Experts of Wheat.
Exports of flour from this port In 1899 were
171,170 barrels. apainM R0.900 in 1??8. Reducing
this flour to a wheat basis and adding It to
the exported wheat Klves the total exports of
wheat in 1K99 of <j.1«!.7(i0 centals, valued at
t6.6itf.000, against 6.405.500 centals at $9,052.500
In HiS.
Weather Report.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 17—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Btatione — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.04 33.20 16.93
Red B'.uff <*.C 0 14.77 12.94
Faeramento 0.00 13.29 7.55
Ran Francisco 0.00 14.38 7.67
Fresno 0.00 6.12 3.54
Independence 0.00 2.08 1.15
San Lui* Obispo 0.00 12.41 6.87
Los Angles 0.00 4.57 2.54
Fan Diego 0.00 2.60 3.43
Yuma 0.00 0.66 1.33
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
M degrees: minimum. 43: mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy over the northern portion
of the Pacific slope and fair weather over the
touthem. Light showers have occurred over
the Kooky Mountain region and along the
Wathlnpton coast.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
Immediate coast ar.4 risen over the interior.
The temperature has risen over Southern Cal
ifornia and remained nearly stationary else
where. It is above the normal in all districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Thursday, with higher temperatures
In the lower Sacramento and the San Joaquln
valleys.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnipht. January IS. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Thursday; warmer
In lower Sacramento and San Joaquln valleys;
lirht northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
n^rth wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Fan Francie-o and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
light northwest wiad. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Discharge of California Rivers.
The follcwing record of the estimated daily
discharge of certain California Rivers is fur
nished by J. B. Llppincott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 50 miners' inches:
THURSDAY. JANUARY 1%
Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $1150 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
racks,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar liennlng Com
pany has advanced Its price and now quotes
terms net cash. In 100-lb bags Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. sVio; Powdered,
614 c; Candy Granulated. 6Hc; Dry Granulated.
6c; Confectioners' A. 6c; Magnolia A. 4*fcc:
Extra C. 44c; Golden C. 4»4c; barrels, l-16c
more; half-barrels. 14c more: boxes. 14c more:
50-lb bags. He more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5%c; boxes. 6c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 17.
Flour, qr sks 37.052
Wheat, ctls 122,218
Barley, ctls 51,344
Oats, ctls 220
Corn. East 6<X)
Cheese, ctls 139
Butter, ctls 219
Tallow, ctls 230
Beans, sks 600
Potatoes, sks ... 2.467
Onions, sks 100
Bran, sks 895
Middlings, sks .. 450
Sugar, sks 700
Hay. tons 473
Straw, tons 9
Brandy, gals 3.300
Wine, gals 119.100
Chicory, bbls .... 131
Lime, bbls I*2
Eggs, doz 7.020
Sugar, bbls 168
Quicksilver, risks 14
Leather, rolls .... 161
Hides, no 499
Pelts, bdls 127
Hops, bales 14
THE STOCK MARKET.
Shares were not very active on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, nor were fluctu
ations numerous. Spring Valley Water sold
down to $94 and Gas & Electric to $51.
In the afternoon business continued light.
Spring Valley Water declined still further to
$93 50.
The Home Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 10 cents, payable on the 20th.
At the annual election of the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company on the 16th the following
were chosen: D. J. Staples, John Barton, John
H. Oardlner, John T. Wright, Thomas S.
Chard, XV. H. Brown, F. w. Lougee, J. C.
Coleman, John Birmingham, William J. Dut
ton, B. Faymonville. The annual statement
of the company shows assets of $3,834,381 0%
reinsurance reserve of $1,316,823 19, and net sur
plus of $1.312,7206 4.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 42 cents per share on the 20th.
The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
will pay a dividend of 25 cents per share on
the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Wednesday. January 17—2 p. m
Bld.Ask.
U B Bonds—
4s quar coup — —
4s quar reg... — 11414
4s quar new... — —
3s quar coup... 110 11014
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 11514 —
C C Water 58..106 107
Ed L & P 65. .130 —
F 4 CI Ry 65. .115 —
Geary-st R 5s — 95
H C & S 5145.. 112 —
II C & S 55... .10614 —
L A Ry 05.... 10414 —
L A LCo 55.. — —
Do gntd 68.. — —
Do gntd 55.. — 103
L A & P R 55. 102 104
Market-st 65... 12514 —
Do Ist m 55.. 117 11814
N C N G R 7s. — lllla
N R of Cal 65. 112 —
N R of Cal 05. 112% —
N P C R R 65. 102 106
N P C R R 05. 105% —
N C R R 05... 109 —
O G L & H 55. 108 110
Oak Trans 65.. — 1134
Oak W Co 55.. 105 1064
Oceanic SS C0.103T4105
Om C Ry 65...12714 —
P & Cl Ry 65..10415105
Pk & O Ry 6s — —
Powell-st R 6s — 121
Sac El G&R5s — 100
S F & N P 35. 113 —
SF & SJV ss. 116 —
S" Ry of Cal 6s. — 109
S P of A 65.... 110 111
S P C 6s(1505).108 110
SPC 6s (1906). 11l —
SPC 63 (1912). — —
SPCIs eg ss. — —
S P Br 63 124^4 —
S V Wat 69....114M15
S V Wat 45. ...104 10414
S V W45(3dm).101% —
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 73 74
Marln County. 50 —
Spring Valley. 93% 93%
Gas Sz Electric —
Cent Gas Co.. — —
Bid.Ask.
Cent L & P.... — 6
Eqult G L Co. 4T4 5
Mutual L Co.. 1314 15
O G L & H... 42 4314
Pac Gas Imp.. — 471 i
Pac Light Co.. 4014 —
E F O & E 50»i —
San Francisco. 41* 494
Stockton Gaa.. 12 —
Insurance —
Firems Fund. 22o 230
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
Bank of Ca1... 400 402%
Cal SD & T.. — 97
First Nation!.. 23o —
Lon P & A... .131 1324
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — 130
Savings Banks —
Ger S 4: L...1750 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 40 45
S F Say U... 600 —
Say & L So. 70 —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California ....11714120
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st Ry. — 62
OS L & H.... — 50
Presidio }7!4 25
Powder Stocks —
California 160 175
E Dynamite... S5 —
Giant Con Co.. 94 83
Vlgorit 2% —
Sugar Stocks —
Hana P Co 7H 8
Haw C & S Co 8714 88
Honokaa S Co. — 31>4
Hutch S P Co. — 27
Kllauea S Co.. — 27
Makawel! S Co 43 —
Onomea S Co.. 2714 2SVj
Paauhau S Co. 27 28
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn. — 120
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 92 T i 9314
Pac A F A.... IT4 —
Pac C Bor Co.. 146 —
Par Paint Co.. 914 —
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnz Session.
Board —
123 Barker Ranch 1 XI
600 Century Oil Compony ion
200 Anaconda Oil Company fc»
Street—
60 Caribou »0
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Anaconda • 85
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board—
200 Burlington 105
100 Caribou W
100 Dominion 50
10 Home Oil ? "
100 Home Oil * &>
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Burlington 100
300 Home Oil * 05
50 National 7 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
100 Best & Belcher 22( 300 Ophir 67
200 Bullion C 3; SOO Potost 24
F,OO Chollar 24 200 Savage 15
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40 700 Seg Belcher 03
400 Mexican 30|
Following were the eales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 07 200 Overman W
900 Chollar 25 900 Potosl 25
150 Con Cal & Va-.l 40: 100 Potosl 24
200 Confidence 65 400 Sierra Nevada.. 42
200 Mexican SO'
Afternoon Session.
250 Con Cal & Va..l 40! 400 Ophlr ««
600 Gould & Curry. 21i ICO Ophlr. 67
200 Occidental 181 200 Sierra Nevada. 41
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 17—4 p. m
Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03
Alta 02 041
Andes 05 08
Belcher 10 11
Best & Belchr. 21 22
Bullion 03 04
Caledonia 43 —
Chollar 23 24
Challenge Con. 19 20
Confidence 61 6*
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 45
Con Imperial .. — 01
Con New York. — 04
Crown Point... 10 11
Exchequer — . 02
Gould & Curry. 21 22
Hale & Norcrs. — 40
Julia — 02
Justice 03 04
Bid. Ask.
Kentuck — 02
Lady Wash 02 —
Mexican 30 31
Occidental 18 19
Ophlr 66 67
Overman 06 07
Potosl 23 24
Savage 14 13
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher 02 04
Sierra Nevada. 41 42
Silver Hill 03 04
St Louis — 07
Standard 2 75 2 90
Syndicate — 05
Union Con 25 24
Utah 03 fr»
Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
Sugar marked up.
NrcU York Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures shoiv some recovery.
Barley somewhat higher. Other cereals dull.
Beans continue firm, with a good demand.
Bran firm, with prospects of an advance. Hay weak and dull.
Potatoes weak and dull, with heavy stocks.
Vegetables rather firmer under moderate supplies.
Butter weak and Eggs and Cheese still lower.
Poultry doing better under reduced stocks. Game lower.
Oranges brought good prices at the auction.
Provisions as before quoted.
Hops firmer, with larger sales.
United States Rubber 40%
240 United States Rubber prefd 101 .
502 Western Union 86%
1.010 Republic Iron & Steel 20
1.100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65
P C C & St Louis ;....:.. 78
279,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
tT S 2s reg 10214 N J Cent gen 85. .118
V S 3a reg 109%!N Carolina 6s 127
L S 3s coup 110% N Carolina 4s 105
V S new 4s reg. ...133 N' Pacific Ists 110
V S new 4s coup.. 134 N Pacific 3s 66
U S old 4sreg 11414 N P 4s 10314
V S old 4s coup....H4V»iN V C & S L 45. .105
US 5a reg 112, N & W con 48 9314
U S 5s coup 113*4 N* & W gen 6s 12914
Pist Col 3 65s 119 Or Nay Jsts 110
Atchlson gen 45.... 99% Cr Nay 4s 10114
Atchlson adj 45.... 79\ Dr Short Line 65. .1291*
Panada So 2ds 107 Or S L con 5s 11014
C & O 414s 96% Reading Gen 45.... 83%
C&O 5s 115 Ft G W Ists 9514
C & NW con 75... 138 BL&IM con 65.. 110%
H & NWSF deb 55. 119 fi L'<fc S F G 65. ...119
Chicago Term 45.. 95 St Paul cons 166
D & R G Ists 102 (ft PC & P lstc...HS%
D & RG 4s 98 St PC it P 55....115«>,
R T.Va&G lstsofd.inmipouthern Ry 65. ...107
Erie General 45.... 69 3 i, ft R&T 6s 81
F W & D C Ists... 741j Term new eett 35.. 94
General El 5s ofd..H7 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...112
C, H &SA 6s 10S Tex & Pac 2ds ofd. 54
G H & S A 2s ....105 iUnlon Pacific 45... i034
H & TC 5s 110 Wabash Ists 114%
H & T C con 65. ...110 JVabash 2ds 1001,4
lowa Cent Ists 110 iJVest Shore 4s 11214
X C P & G Ists... 68 |Vvis Cent Ists 90
La new cons 4s 106%iVa Centuries 85%
L& N Uni 4s 9SHi\ r a deferred 5
M X & T 2ds C^HiColo & So 4s 85
M X & T 4p 59% So Pac 4s 82
N X Cent 15t5.... 109%)
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 64
Ccn Cal & Va 1 30 Plymouth 8
Dcadwood K> Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 22 do pfrd 750
Hale & Norcross .. 35 Sierra Nevada..... 37
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 54 Union Con 23
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End '92
Call loans 5®6 Westingh Elec 4014
Time loans Sft^'Wl* Cent 18
Stocks— ,Dom Coal 41
A T & S F 19%! do pfrd 115
do pfrd 60Vi | Mining shares-
American Sugar... llS^j, Adventure 6
do pfrd 113 Allouez Mm C 0.... 3
Bell Telephone 330 Atlantic 24U
Bofton & Albany. .24o Bost & Mont 260
Boston Elevated... 9514'Butte & 805t0n.... 45
Boston & Maine. ..l9s Calumet & Hec1a..740
C B & Q 121% Centennial 17
General Electric ..122'4 Franklin 14
do pfrd 136 Humboldt 1
Federal Steel .... 50 6614
d.i pfrd 73 i Parrot 40
Mexican Central .. 10% Qulncy 145
Mich Tel 100 Santa Fe Copper.. 514
Old Colony 202 Tamarack 172
Old Dominion 1814 Wlnona 1414
Union Pacific 461* Wolverines 40
Union Land 2 • Utah 27
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— Money on call easier
at 2@4 per cent; last loan, 214 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 5@6 per cent. Sterling
exchange strong, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 &71i@4 K7 1 4 for demand and at
$4 S3*;®4 53% for sixty-days. Posted rates,
$4 S4H and $4 88. Silver certificates, 69@60c;
bar silver. 5!>!io; Mexican dollars, 4"14 c. Bonds
— Government, firm; State, easier; railroad,
firm. ,•
Treasure Shipment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $282,752.293; gold reserve,
$222,962,390.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here to-day were strong on the
closing of bear commitments. Consols spurted
1 1-16, influenced by cheap money and the as
sumption that news from the Transvaal In the
Immediate future will be favorable. Other
wise the markets were Idle and of hard tone.
London bought Americans on a small scale.
As anticipated yesterday gold was engaged to
day for India. £256.000 being taken, while
£100,000 was ear-marked for currency commis
rion. For an unannounced destination £10,000
was engaged. The Bank of England got £5000
in eagles. The week's influx of gold was
£5000. More shipments to India are certain.
The country is trying to secure the gold It
requlreo from Australia, but the exchange mar
ket indicates that London must bear the whole
burden. ¦ •
Money continues superabundant at the rates
prevailing during the last few days and bills
are still easy.
Continental exchange was as follows: Paris,
25.25; Berlin, 20.5014. There was some profit
taking in the silver market, but prices are
not expected to go lower.
CLOSING
LONDON, Jan. 17.— Canadian Pacific, 951,:
Union Pacific preferred, 76%: Northern Pacific
preferred. 7514". Atchlson, 20%: Grand Trunk.
7; Anaconda. 27 5-16 d per ounce.
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
cables, unseasonably wet weather and light
country offerings. May closed H@%e over yes-
Oats were steady because the other grain
markets were firm. May closed 14@%e up.
Provisions opened with a show of strength
on hog receipts, a bit under expectations, and
firm prices at the yards and as offerings were
light and corn strong an advance followed.
Liberal profit-taking later Influenced a decline
which reduced the price to about yesterday's
figures. May. pork closed a shade lower, May
lard unchanged and May ribs a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
LOCAL MARKETS.
changed quotations. White, $1 10®l 60; Red.
$10714@130; Gray. $1 07HS1 "H: Black, »7%c
@$1 0714.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 85c®
$1 0214 Per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 OS@
1 10; mixed, 8714c® $1 02H.
RYE— $lOlO6 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out "11,878 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. U JO©J 7S,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40® 3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40®3 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 25-53 40 for bakers' and $2 25133 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; .Cornmeal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 60: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oat*
(barrels), $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7: Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues weak \ and dull with liberal
receipts. Bran, on the ' contrary. Is firm with
a further advance expected.
BRAN— $l3@l4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $14017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing.
$27 60<ff28; Cocoanut Cake. $20(321; Cornmeal.
$23024; Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 60®S 50 for common to good
and $9@9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@9;
Oat, $6 6008; Barley. $5(56 60; Alfalfa, $s@B per
ton: compressed. $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOe per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers In Beans report a good demand for
a number of points and the market rules firm
In consequence.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 2503 S5; small White, $2 90
@3; large White, $2 6002 70: Pinks. $2 25®2 70;
Reds. $3 50@3 75: Blackeye, . $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $4 50; Pea, $3@3 25; Red Kid
neys, $4@4 25.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3@3Hc; Yellow Mus
tard, 4@414c; Flax,. $1 90@2 20; Canary, 314 c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7®
ie; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy. 4
@4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50(31 90; Green, $1 75
@2 50 per ctl. ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are weak under heavy stocks and
top prices for Oregons are obtained only with
difficulty. Onlo'ns stand about the same.
Supplies of Vegetables are smaller and the
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@90c: River Reds.
65@75c; Burbanks. 60@85c per sack; Salinas
Burbanks. $I@l 25: Oregon Burbanks. 85c® $1 20;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 50@l 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— JI 23<gl 75 per ctl for all kinds
VEGETABLES— Grren Peas, 2@4c per lb;
String Beans. 3<f?7c; Cabbag*. 50c; Los An-
Keles Tomatoes. $li@sl SO; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 10®1214c; Dried Okra, 1214e • per lb;
Garlic, 6@7c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
4'gsc; Dried Peppers. S@loc; Carrots, 30@40c per
Back; Los Angeles Summer Squash. 75c@$l per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Stocks of Eastern were about cleaned up,
though another car was announced for to-day.
In consequence of the lighter stocks., the feeling
was better. Even Turkeys were in reduced sup
ply.
Game was lower again
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11012Hc for Gob
blers and ll@l2Hc for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 13
Si 15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75® 2; Goslings. $1 75
(&2; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4iis for young:
Hens. $4#s4 JO; Young Roosters. $4 sC@ss 50; Old
Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $4 50®3; Broilers, $4
04 50 for large and $3fr3 50 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50<ri3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $I<ssl 25; Mallard. $3 £0-gs4;
Canva?back, $3 50® $4; Sprig. $3@s3 60; TeaJ.
$1 25fil 50; Widgeon, $1 sO'g2: Small Duck. $1 25<S
1 50- Doves 75c per dozen; Hare. $1 25': Rabbits,
Jl 75: Gray' Geese, $3g*3 50; White. $1 50; Brant.
$175ig2 50; Honkers. $4 5035: English Snipe,
$2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $125(31 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues weak, and buyers can ob
tain concessions without much difficulty.
Cheese has again declined under increased
stocks. Eggs are off again, and though re
ceipts are not heavy, they are increasing as
buyers are holding off and purchase from hand
to "mouth.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24®25c; seconds,
22H02314C
Da iry— Fancy. 21c; good to choice, 19@20c;
common, 13@1"14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll?4@12c; old, lie;
Young America, 1214 ft 13c; Eastern, 151i@16c;
Western, IZMfilSc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20<S'21c for store and 22©
24c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, 15@lS>ic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Good prices were paid for Oranges at the
auction. Large sized Navels sold at $2 50<32 65,
and the less desirable sizes at $19002 40.
Standards went at $1 25<??1 65. Oranges In the
open market continue firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s(Ji6sc per box for common, 75®$1
for good. Jl 25®1 60 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $457; Coos
Fay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 73<52 63
per box; Seedlings, 75c<g$l 25; Pomelos, $I@3:
Lemons, $1411 £0 for common and $2@3 for good
to choice: Mexican Limes, $( 50®5; California
Limes, 25335 c; Bananas, $1 50@4 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 50^4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In racks, 414 c for
40-50's, 4@4Vic for 50-60's, 314 c lor 60-70's, 3'; c
for 70-SO's, Sc for 80-90" s and 2%c for 90-100' s.
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12',4@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6!i@
6c for Standards, e^S^ic for choice and 7<@'Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, WH^lSc; Evaporated
Apples, 6%@714c: Sun-dried. s@&Vic per lb; Nec
tarines, B®9c; Pears, 6@714c for quarters and
S@loc for halves; Black Figs, 214@314c; White
Figs, 4@sc; Bleached Plums, B®9c: Unbleached
Plums. 7@714c for pitted and 114 c for unplttcd.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb., 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6e. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B'4c; choice, 714 c; standard, 61ic;
prime, 5o; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6%e;
3-crown 6'ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown $1 50 per box* 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c; Walnuts, 8(89c for
standards and 9@loc fdr softshell; Almonds,
1114^120 for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
6c for hard shell: Peanuts, e^ig^c for Eastern
ar.d 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 714@Sc; Fil
berts, 12@1214c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 1114@12c for bright and 10H@
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 8c;
light amber extracted, «!4©7»4c; dark, 514@6c
"^BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
'¦ ~
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. i%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c for extra light and 1314 c for sugar-cur«d;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 1214©13 c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl;
extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
$14 60; extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef,
lie per lb. ¦ '• ."
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
BUc: 10-lb tins, S^e: 6-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@7?ic per lb.
Hides; Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Shipment of 96,830 lbs of Hops, valued at
$12,500 to St Louis. The market Is more ac
tive than It has been, with free sales In Sonoma
County. ' r1:r 1 :
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
steers lH4c: medium, lie; light, 1014 c; Cow
hides lie; Staes. 714 c; Salted Kip, 10Hc; Calf,
lie- Dry Hides, sound. 1801814 c: culls and
brand*. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal. 17c: Dry Calf.
20c - Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@>35c each; short
Wool 35®60c each: medium. 70@90c: long Wool,
$I©l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 25®2 75 for
laree and $1 for small; Colts, 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s@sHc per lb; No.
2, 3Wr@4c: refined, 614 c; grease. 2!4@3c
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9®loc; South
ern 8® 10c: Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and" Mendocino. 16@17c: Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon. 18@20c: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@Uc; Northern Mountain, defective, 10©
lie per lb. ... * "
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market. •
BEEF— 7@?l4c per lb for Steers and 6ft®7c for
Cows.
VEAL— B@IOo per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@814c; ewes, 7tf©So per
pound.
LAMB — Spring, 15c; yearlings, B®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hors. 6%c , for small. 6%c for
medium and 514@514c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6V4@614c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 70<14c; Wool
Bass, 28(530c,
COAL— Wellington. $3 per. ton; New Wel-
Ilnzton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 B0; Seat
tle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. $3 60; Wallsend,
IS; Co-operatlvo Walleend,' $8; Scotch."-^—;
TO SAIL.
London Wool Sales.
TO ARRIVE.
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN DIEGO BAY. CAL.
Notice Is hereby given that the black single
pile beacon No. 7. on the north side of ths
channel near Culverwell's old wharf. San
Diego harbor. California, has been destroyed.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, IS3S. page 12.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— After the deluge of
liquidation which marked the two preceding
sessions of the Board of Trade the opening
to-day found a crowd of shorts ready to cover
on slight provocation. There was a general
feeling, too, that, a decline of 214 c would in
the natural course of things be partly re
gained. The relatively small loss at Liverpool
compared with 1%@114e loss here yesterday
combined with light Northwest receipts, coa
stltuted a sufficient excuse for buylnr by
shorts. May opened %c over yesterday with
trade active. The outside demand was small
but the local buying pressure wast sufficient
to Influence an advance. May ascending to 66c
At this point the market met free sellinr
against calls. This, together with a rumor of
a British victory in South Africa caused a re
action. May selling off to 65%@6514c. The mar
ket steadied on buying against puts and again
advanced, a fresh demand having arisen, car
rylnsr May to 6C@66!4c. The close was firm
May WKc over yesterday at 65% c. Though
quiet at times trade was active generally
Corn was • firm all day, supported by firm
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louis and THlie Meyer to Elizabeth Buckley,
lot on S line of Ellis street. 82 :6 Bof Octavia,
E 55 by S 120; JlO.
Warren Olney to C. B. Stone. lot on N lln©
of Halght street. 173 E of Lagruna, E 40 by N
120; 110.
American Improvement Company (a corpora
tion) to J. Magnln. lot on E line of Alabama
street. 210 8 of Twenty-first. S 25 by E 100; JlO.
J. Magnln to Mathllde Schleemann (wife of
J.), same: $10.
J. Schleemann to same, same; gift.
John L. and Kate Burgess to May B. Dlneea
(wife of F. L.). lot on S line of Fifteenth street.
210 W of Castro, S 103:414, W 12:4*4. NW to a
point. N 17:414. E 42:5; JlO.
John D. Thomps6n to Alexander Boyd and E.
B Mastlck (trustees) lot on N line of Sutter
street. 65:6 W of Montgomery. W 22, N 88:9; E
40, S 6:9. W 18. S 62; also lot on SE comer of
Washington and Sansome streets. B 122, E
80:3 V». N 122. W 90:514; also lot on E line of
Stockton street, 69 N of Broadway, N 40 by E
69; also lot on NE corner of Pine and Leaven
worth streets, E 80 by N 60; also lot on N line
of California street. 45:10 E of Davis, E 43:10
by N 68:9; also lot on N line of California
street. 67:6 W of Sansome. W 40 by N 80, trust
deed; $5.
Htbernia Savings and Loan Society to James
L Flood, lot on SE corner of Powell and
Ellis streets. S 275. E 22:8%. NE 186 :6 H. NW
62:814. N 114:11%. W 37:10; $10.
Bridget Brant to Emma V. Brant, lot on E
line of Jones street, 114:7 S of Vallejo, S 22:11
by E 68:9; grant.
Loretta Macdonald to American Improvement
Company, re-record, 1547 d Go. lot on N line of
California street. 75 E of Larkln. E 25 by
N 70:10: also lot on E line of Alabama street,
210 E of Twenty-first, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Lizzie and Henry Jessen to Ada Graber. re
record 1784 d 32, lot on SE corner of Clemen
tina street. 225 SW of First. SW 25 by SE
80; $10.
Albert M. Armstrong to Columbian Banking
Company, lot on NW line of Brannan street,
100 NE of Sixth. NE 25 by NW 110; $10.
Leopold I. and Leah L. Cahn to Abraham Alt
mayer. lot on SE corner of Yolo and Vermont
streets, E 100 by S 125; $10.
Nathaniel J. Brlttan to Ferdinand Cames. lota
1583 to IEB9, Gift Map No. 3; warranty
deed; $10. .
Frank W. Altken vs. Martha E. Paul to An
tonio Ptccettl, lot 35, block 4, Garden Tract
Homestead Association, referee's deed No.
66,«59; $50.
Same .to John Pforr, lota 13 to 11. block 4.
lots 1. S, fl. 40, 41. 42, 45 to 43, block 5, lot 42,
block 6, same, referee's deed; $413.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Ca!..
January 17. 1900.
The lime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 9. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front 1 Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P<->tnt;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
January ........ 6*14 62% 62*4 62%
May 654 66M, 65>4 - 63%
July 6614 6 fi % ' 66^ 66^
Corn No. 2—
January 3114 31Vi 31% 3114
May 33^ 33% 3314 33%
July 341$ 341, 34ft 34V«,
Oats No. *—
January ....:.... 22%
May 2i 24ft " 2*K
Mess pork, per barrel— „ ,
January 10 65 10 70 10 65 10 70
May uOO 110714 10 85 10 9214
Lard, per 100 pounds— . ?, . „
January 5 92U 5 9214 6 8214 685
May 605 6 0714 5 9714 6 0214
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 5 72V4 675 6 6714 670
May 5 so 5 85 5 75 5 SO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 60@62^c; No. 2 red,
65V2@66c; No 2 corn 31%@31%e: No. 2 oats, 2314
i&23!4c: No. 2 white. 25%@26c; No. 3 white. 251;
®26c; No. 2 rye 52@54c; No. 2 barley. 3Sif4lc;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 50- prime timothy seed, 12 60;
mess pork, per barrel $9 35@510 7214 : lard, per
100 pounds, $5 82H'g $5 90; E-hort ribs, sides
(loose), $5 55ft$5 85; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 514@5%c; short clear sides (boxed).
$5 95@56: whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 2314; sugars cut loaf, 5.30; granulated,
6.25 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...., P3.000 40,000
Wheat, bushels ; 63.000 46.000
Corn, bUFhels 434.000 173,000
Oats, bushels 436,000 198.C00
Rye. bushels 14.000 7,000
Barley, bushels 123,000 24.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery, 1902414 c; dairy,
K@22c. Cheese, firm, 12@12%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh. 14@17c.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column glvea the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third t'.d*
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. Th« heights
given are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from.
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Foreign Futures.
-t- — — — v
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening , 5 7% 5 7%
Closing 5 7% 6 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— ... Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 17 90 18 90
Closing IS 20 19 05
.Flour—
Opening 23 95 24 80
Closing 24 10 25 00
BOSTON. Jan. 17.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrrow:
The wool market Is quiet, although the vol
ume of business transacted during the last
week hxs slightly exceeded that of the pre
vious week, and during the past two or three
days especially some of the- manufacturers
have manifested a little more Interest in the
market. But they are not free purchasers of
wool by any means, and the entire week's busi
ness foots up a total of less than 3.000,000
pounds. As a result of the dullness experienced
since the beginning of last December there has
been mere pressure to sell, and as a matter
of fact it has been possible to purchase wool in
several Instances at terms slightly below what
It had been previously selling' for. In other
cases, however, wool has sold at as high prices
as were obtained durins the recent boom. The
London tales which opened on Thursday were
a disappointment, as merinos experienced a
decline of 5 per cent and crossbreeds were
Flishtly weaker. The sales of the week in
Boston amounted to 2.570.000 pounds domestic
and 335,000 foreign, making a total of 2,965.000
against a total of 2.565.000 for the previous week
and a total of 2,65f>,500 for the corresponding
week last year. The sales since January 1
amount to 8,363,600 pounds, -against 9.692,000
pounds for the corresponding time last year.
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 87 50
10 Hutchinson P P Co 56 87V4
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 75
15 Makawell 43 00
20 S F Gas & Elec Co El 00
30 S V Water 94 3714
10 S V Water 94 00
200 ft SVC per cent Bonds 115 00
1000 S V 4 per cent Bds <2d Mtge) 104 00
Street—
IPOO Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent 106 50
1000 Contra Costa Water 106 JO
1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 104 75
40 Market Street Railway 62 00
Afternoon Session.
Hoard—
20 Hawaiian Coin &. Sugar 87 50
tOOO N P C It R 5 per cent bonds 10« 00
fO Oceanic S S Co M 50
75 Oceanic S S Co: S2 75
10 Pacific Lighting 40 50
M S F Gaslight 4 6214
20 S F Gas i- Electric Co 51 25
10 S V Water S3 75
S3 S V Water s 30 S3 50
5 S V Water 9S 62%
Street—
145 Hutchinson S P Co 26 75
100 I'aauhau S P Co 27 &0
?
EASTERN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 17.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,916 bales,
consisting chiefly of good greasy. There was
a better demand, but many withdrawals were
noted, operators showing some hesitation and
holders asking firm rates. Yesterday's with
drawals totaled 2000 bales, and to-day's were
almost as much. Scoureds were in fair de
mand at 714 per cent below the December rates.
Americans bought greasy merinos actively and
also greasy crossbreds at yesterday's prices.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal stock was i:i
good supply, but not a great quantity was sold,
even at a decline of 71s per cent.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jon. 17.— Choice fat steers steady,
others lo'g'lOc below Monday's prices; Texans
s@loc lower. -Cow market and canners, 10@15c
lower; feeders steady; srood to choice, $5 10®
6 50; poor to medium, $4<j74 80; mixed stockers,
$3 25@3 SO; selected feeders. $4 25'g4 75; good to
choice cows. $3 40f?4 60; heifers, $3 30f14 60; can
ners $2 20£i2 90; bulls. J2 «o®4 40; calves, $4 20
©7 10; fed Texas beeves, $4 10©5.
Hcgs— Fairly active; shade higher; fair clear
ance. Mixed and butchers', $4 45@4 70; good to
choice heavy. $4 003:4 75; rough heavy, $4 45®
4 55; light. $4 40@4 60; bulk of sales, $4 43@4 65.
Sheep and lambs market active and firm.
Native wethers, $4 40©4 $5; lambs. $4 50(36 25;
Western wethers, $4 30@4 75; Western lambs,
$5 25©6 20.
Receipts—Cattle, 1S.000; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
15.0C0.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 17.— Clearings, |267,
441; balances. $82,922.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 17.— WHEAT— The mar
ket was dull with transactions few and of
small proportions. Walla Walla, 50@51c; val
ley. 60c; bluestem, 52c.
Cleared — German ship Alsterkamp, for
Queenstown or Falmouth, for orders, with
112,009 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 17.— N0 change In
Wheat; club, 61c; bluestem, 63c,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— Consols, 100%; silver.
27 6-16 d; French rentes, IOOf 15c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, rather easier; cargoes on passage,
quiet for white, easy for red; No. 1 Standard
California. SOs 3d; Walla Walla. 295-; English
country markets, partly 6d cheaper; imports
of wheat Into United Kingdom. 287,000 centals;
Imports of flour into United Kingdom, 243,000
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 17.— Wheat dull; wheat
In Paris strong; French country markets quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 414 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern, 6s 1014 d. Fu
tures, steady.
CORN— Spot American mixed (new), steady,
3s 6V4d; old, steady, 3s 5%d. Futures, steady;
January, 3s 5%d; February, 3s 5%d; March,
3a 5%d.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts, 25,-
SlO barrels; exports. 3500 barrels. Active and
steady at previous prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 85.600 bushels; exports,
5370 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, -73%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76T40 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 7914 c f. o. b. .Afloat;
No. 2 red, 71T4e elevator. Options— Opened
firmer on better cables, moderate forelgrn buy
ing and strength In corn and provisions. Later
In the day, however, realizing brought a set
back, followed by a rally on covering. Closed
firm, at %c to %c advance. March, 73@7314c,
closed 73><ic: May. 71 13-16c@72 5-Uc, closed
72>,ic; July closed 7214 c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDKS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — The coffee market for futures
closed firm. 5 to 10 points net advance. Total
sales 25.250 bags. Including: January $6 90'
March. $6 95<§7 05; May, $7 10@7 15; June, $7 15
July. $7 15ff?7 20; August, $7 20; September, $7 25;
October, $7 25(57 S5; November. $7 30; Decem
ber, $7 35(57 45.
Hpot coffee— Rio, 6teady; No. 7 Invoice, BV4c;
No. 7 Jobbing, S%c; mild, steady; Cordova. S%
@l?%c. •
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4875 packages; steady.
June creamery, 20ff 2314 c; Western creamery.
215»25c; factory, 17i?r22c.
EGGS— Receipts. C 761 packages ; firm. West
ern. 20c loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
14frlSc.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples were moderately active
and steady for prime; other grades slow. Cali
fornia dried fruits, quiet and steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
6<B6*;c; prime., 6*iQT,ic; choice, 7%@Blic; fancy,
BHO9C
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3I4@Sc per
lb. as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— I3<ffISc; Moorpark. 15@15c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20«j23c; unpeeled. 7V4@loc
New York Metal Market. I.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— The day's dolnrs In
the metal market were not of a startling na
ture, nor were price changes particularly Im
portant. Tin settled back slightly following
a decline abroad and withdrawal of buyers.
The other departments were without new feat
ure. At the close the Metal Exchange called 1
PlGl RON— Warrants were dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 50.
TlN— Quiet, with $26 50 bid and J27 asked
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked
The brokers' price for lead is $4 45 and for
copper 916 80.
SPELTER— Steady, $4 4504 65.
8
>Un rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
o I Time I
- Ft.
C HW!
Timel
Ft.
L V.'l
Tlmej
H Wi
imej
Ft
18... 1 1:43 5.0
19 ... 2:14 8.1
20 ... 2:41 5.1
n ... 3:10 8.0 l
«:Z" 2.S
7:41 2.5
8:24 2.4
I 9:13 2.1
13:54
1:35
2:Mf
«:12'
5.
4.
4.
3.
a... 3:33 5.1
>3 ... 4:13[ 5.1
!t ... 4*) l 5.5!
10:10 1.9
11:12 1.5;
12:14! 1.2!
4:2S
I 8:5*1
! 7:21!
.5 r
.f li
Steamer.
j From.
I Duo.
Geo. W. Elder..
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Mackinaw
Arcata
A. Blanchard...
Aberdeen
Newburg
Empire
Corona
North Fork
I _
. Portland
. Point Arena
. Crescent City
.iSeattlc
.Coos Bay
.'Coos Bay
.1 Portland
.[Grays Harbor
.Coos Bay
.'San Diego
.iHumboldt ••
-I
"Jan. 13
Jan. IS
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Ulan. 13
Jan. 1>
Jan. 19
Jan. 1)
T._ ?»
Colon
Willamette ••••
Washtenaw —
State of Cal
Doric
. I Panama
.[Seattle
.[Comox
. Portland
. China and Japan
Jan. 19
Jan. 13
Jan. 19
Jan. 20
IJan. 2i)
Wellington
Czarina •••
.|l>eparture Bay
. Pu*et Sound
!Jan. SO
jJan. 20
Santa Crux
Jeanle
. Newport
. Departure Bay
jJan. 21
' Jan. 21
iTm.* wrirtlr
Tillamook
.jTlllamook
frVoa.'rfwt (~MtV
I.T^n »1
Albton
.[Crescent city
UmatlUa
Pomona
Tellnn '
. i Victoria & Puget Sounc
.jHumboldt
. PeDarture Bay
;Jan. 23
'Jan. 12
IJan. 23
Tellus
Progreso
. Tacoma
Jan. 23
R. Adamson
Santa Rosa
Volumnla
Homer
I Con liij.i
.'San Diego
.{Hamburg
.Oregon Ports
¦Jan. ->
Jan. 2»
'Jan. 24
iioracr
Chaa. Neloon...
Columbia
Lady Jotcey —
Coos Bay
JPuget Sound
. ! Portland
.[China and Japan
. I Newport
Jan. 21
Jan. 25
Jan. V)
Jan. 13
Steamer.
. I Destination.
Columbia .
Newport ..
Samoa
Coos Bay..
Pomona ...
A. Blanch"
Newburg .
Aberdeen .
pt. Arena.
Arcata
Corona —
..(Portland
..Panama
..jHumboldt
..jNewport
..jHumboldt I
•d Coos Bay
..Grays Harbor
..'Portland
_.( Point Arena.. 1
..JCoos Bay
...San Diego |
.•Jan.
.{Jan.
.Jan.
. jJan.
.Jan.
.{Jan.
¦: Jan.
.;Jan.
, Jan.
,| Jan.
[Jan.
. IS.
. IS.
. 13.
. U.
• 13.
. 13.
. 20
. 20.
¦ 20,
• 20.
. 21.
, 10 am
.12 m|
. 10 am
J am,
2 pm;
4 pm
5 pnv
5 pnv
2 pm!
10 am
11 am;
i .Pier tt
,|PMSS
i [ Pier 13
(jHler 11
;Pler .»
| Pier 13
.Pier 2
Pier 13
IPier 11
Walla Wa!
North For
State of Ca
Bontta —
China
Moana
ill Vie & Pst Sd.
rk Humboldt
aljPortland
..;San Pedro
.. China & Japan
.'Sydney \
.'Jan.
.¦Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
ifJan.
.Jan.
. 21.
. 22.
. 23.
. 23.
24.
24.
10 am;
9 am!
10 am,
9 am
1 pm.
;Pler 3
,;Pier 2
?Pier 2»
: Pier U
,PMSS
Pier 7
UiimK^iMt
Orizaba ...
Santa P.osa
Lady Joice
?iHumboldt
a. San Diego
»yjChlna& Japan
.¦Jan.
.Jan.
I Jan.
, i 4.
, 25.
• 27.
11 ani!
1 pm!
jPlerii
S*co
or.a
I Feet.
189 S.
I U99.
I
1 tint
ZjO
1539.
I
1300.
2T.5
2M
I
IS3*
IT2B
15 TOO
3i"J
400
255
12. .'JU
4CSO
2450
2054
>Un rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
o I Time I
- Ft.
C HW!
Timel
Ft.
L V.'l
Tlmej
H Wi
imej
Ft
18... 1 1:43 5.0
19 ... 2:14 8.1
20 ... 2:41 5.1
n ... 3:10 8.0 l
«:Z" 2.S
7:41 2.5
8:24 2.4
I 9:13 2.1
13:54
1:35
2:Mf
«:12'
5.
4.
4.
3.
a... 3:33 5.1
>3 ... 4:13[ 5.1
!t ... 4*) l 5.5!
10:10 1.9
11:12 1.5;
12:14! 1.2!
4:2S
I 8:5*1
! 7:21!
.5 r
.f li
Steamer.
j From.
I Duo.
Geo. W. Elder..
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Mackinaw
Arcata
A. Blanchard...
Aberdeen
Newburg
Empire
Corona
North Fork
I _
. Portland
. Point Arena
. Crescent City
.iSeattlc
.Coos Bay
.'Coos Bay
.1 Portland
.[Grays Harbor
.Coos Bay
.'San Diego
.iHumboldt ••
-I
"Jan. 13
Jan. IS
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Ulan. 13
Jan. 1>
Jan. 19
Jan. 1)
T._ ?»
Colon
Willamette ••••
Washtenaw —
State of Cal
Doric
. I Panama
.[Seattle
.[Comox
. Portland
. China and Japan
Jan. 19
Jan. 13
Jan. 19
Jan. 20
IJan. 2i)
Wellington
Czarina •••
.|l>eparture Bay
. Pu*et Sound
!Jan. SO
jJan. 20
Santa Crux
Jeanle
. Newport
. Departure Bay
jJan. 21
' Jan. 21
iTm.* wrirtlr
Tillamook
.jTlllamook
frVoa.'rfwt (~MtV
I.T^n »1
Albton
.[Crescent city
UmatlUa
Pomona
Tellnn '
. i Victoria & Puget Sounc
.jHumboldt
. PeDarture Bay
;Jan. 23
'Jan. 12
IJan. 23
Tellus
Progreso
. Tacoma
Jan. 23
R. Adamson
Santa Rosa
Volumnla
Homer
I Con liij.i
.'San Diego
.{Hamburg
.Oregon Ports
¦Jan. ->
Jan. 2»
'Jan. 24
iioracr
Chaa. Neloon...
Columbia
Lady Jotcey —
Coos Bay
JPuget Sound
. ! Portland
.[China and Japan
. I Newport
Jan. 21
Jan. 25
Jan. V)
Jan. 13
Steamer.
. I Destination.
Columbia .
Newport ..
Samoa
Coos Bay..
Pomona ...
A. Blanch"
Newburg .
Aberdeen .
pt. Arena.
Arcata
Corona —
..(Portland
..Panama
..jHumboldt
..jNewport
..jHumboldt I
•d Coos Bay
..Grays Harbor
..'Portland
_.( Point Arena.. 1
..JCoos Bay
...San Diego |
.•Jan.
.{Jan.
.Jan.
. jJan.
.Jan.
.{Jan.
¦: Jan.
.;Jan.
, Jan.
,| Jan.
[Jan.
. IS.
. IS.
. 13.
. U.
• 13.
. 13.
. 20
. 20.
¦ 20,
• 20.
. 21.
, 10 am
.12 m|
. 10 am
J am,
2 pm;
4 pm
5 pnv
5 pnv
2 pm!
10 am
11 am;
i .Pier tt
,|PMSS
i [ Pier 13
(jHler 11
;Pler .»
| Pier 13
.Pier 2
Pier 13
IPier 11
Walla Wa!
North For
State of Ca
Bontta —
China
Moana
ill Vie & Pst Sd.
rk Humboldt
aljPortland
..;San Pedro
.. China & Japan
.'Sydney \
.'Jan.
.¦Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
ifJan.
.Jan.
. 21.
. 22.
. 23.
. 23.
24.
24.
10 am;
9 am!
10 am,
9 am
1 pm.
;Pler 3
,;Pier 2
?Pier 2»
: Pier U
,PMSS
Pier 7
UiimK^iMt
Orizaba ...
Santa P.osa
Lady Joice
?iHumboldt
a. San Diego
»yjChlna& Japan
.¦Jan.
.Jan.
I Jan.
, i 4.
, 25.
• 27.
11 ani!
1 pm!
jPlerii
S*co
or.a
I Feet.
189 S.
I U99.
I
1 tint
ZjO
1539.
I
1300.
2T.5
2M
I
IS3*
IT2B
15 TOO
3i"J
400
255
12. .'JU
4CSO
2450
2054nltely provided for by Shakespeare in
which 240 people took part as vestals, llc
tors, swordbearers, standard-bearers, etc.,
besides the reg-ular dramatis personae of
thirty-five members, and besides also
crowds to represent citizens, spectators,
etc.
It is evident, then, that the full meas
ure of enjoyment which "Cortolanus" af
fords as a play can rarely be obtained
from seelig It acted. In reading "Cori
olanus" scarcely a line seems possible to
be spared, and yet, as we have seen, two
fifths of It at least has to be cut out in
acting. On the other hand, the greatness
of the two principal characters of the
play. Coriolanus and Volumnia. can only
be "guessed at by a reader who has never
seen them Impersonated by genius.
The honors of "Coriolanus" as an act-
Ing play belong to John Philip Kemble
and his sister, the great Mrs. Siddons. It
Is doubtful if ever an actor has appeared
upon the stage whose impersonation of
the Roman character has been so com
plete as were the Roman impersonations
of John Kemble. And of all of Kemble s
Roman characters— Brut us. Cato, Corlo
lanus, etc.— his Coriolanus was chief. Co
riolanus was indeed Kemble's greatest,
grandest part. His tall and Imposing fig
ure his countenance, noble and dignified :
his solemn and grave demeanor, his easy
yet commanding gestures, his stately and
impressive elocution,, were the complete
realization of all the external requisite^*
of the part. But, In addition, he evinced,
by his development of the all-absorbing
passion dominant In Corlolanus' charac
ter, such energy and force as made his
Impersonation Irresistible.
Mrs Siddons' Volumnia was second only
to her Constance and her Lady Macbeth.
The great tragedienne was notably strong
in pantomime, and the part of Volumnia,
especially as John Kemble provided for it
in his version of "Coriolanus," allowed
the display of very considerable panto
mimic power. Let us listen for a mo
ment to what an eyewitness, the trage
dian. Charles Mayne Young, wrote of her
as she appeared in the triumphal proces
sion in "Coriolanus" above referred to:
I remember her coming down the stage. In
1789. in the triumphal entry of her son. Oorto
lanu« when her dumb show drew plaudits that
shook the building (Drury Lane). She came
alone, marching and beating time to the music,
rolling (If that be not too strong a term to de
scribe her motion) from side to side, swelling
with the triumph of her son. Such was the
Intoxication of Joy which flashed from her eyes
and lit up her whole face that the effect waa
Irresistible. She seemed to me to reap all the
glory of that proceoslon to herself. I could not
take my eyes frcm her. Corlolanus. banner and
pageant, all went for nothing after she had
walked to her place.
The following Is another account of the
same event:
Vow In this procession, and one of the cen
tral figures In It. Mrs. Siddons had to walk.
Had ahe been content to follow In the beaten
track of those who had gone before her she
would have marched across the stage, from
right to left, with the solemn, stttely. almost
funereal step conventional. But at the time, as
she often did. rhe forgot her own Identity. Sh«
was no longer Sarah Siddons, tied down to the
directions of the prompter's book. She broke
through all traditions. She recollected that, for
the nonce she was Volumnia, the proud mother
of a proud and conquering hero. So that, when
It was time for her to come on, instead of drop
ping each foot at equl-dlstance in its place,
with mechanical exactitude and in cadence sub-
Bersient to the orchestra, deaf to the guidance
of her woman's ear, but sensitive to the throb
bings of her haughty mother's heart, with
flashing eye and proudest smile, and head
erect and hands pressed firmly on her bosom, as
If to repress by manual force Its triumphant
Bweillngs — she towered above all around, and
rolled, and almost reeled, across the stage, her
very soul, as It were, dilating and rtotlng In Us
exultation, until her action lost all grace, and
yet became »o true to nature, so picturesque
and so descriptive that pit and gallery sprang
to their feet, electrified by the transcendent
execution of the conception.
The above descriptions refer to a time
when Mrs. Siddons was only 33 years old,
and her brother (who took the part of Co
rlolanus) 33. Some critics thought that
the Volumnia of the occasion looked more
like the sister than the mother of Co
riolanus. But this fault was easily over
looked in the excellence of the Impersona
tion as a whole. *
As to Kemble's Coriolanua, the testi
mony as to its greatness is equally strong.
Macready, who saw it many times, speaks
of it in his "Reminiscences as "peerless."
Genest, the well-known historian of the
British stage, calls' it "his greatest part."
Sir Walter Scott, who was not only an
admirer of Kemble's but also an intimate
friend of his. spoke of his Brutus, his
Cato and his Coriolanus as being "his
best parts," but placed his Corlolanus
first. "You know what a complete model
of the Roman he is," he wrote to a friend
on the occasion of Kemble's retirement.
The Kembles— John, Charles and Mrs.
Siddons— were frequently called "The
Three Graces." Both the brothers pos
sessed much of the classical beauty of
their greater sister. When John Kemble
first appeared on the London stage the
general remark was. "How- very like his
sister!" But Charles Kemble was hand
somer even than his brother. Leigh Hunt
said of him mat "his face and figure were
ideal" and that "he was the nearest ap
proach to Shakespeare's gentlemen and
heroes of romance ' he had ever seen. The
three constituted a trio such as no other
family has ever given to the stage.
"Coriolanus" was first brought out by
John Kemble In Drury Lane in 1759. It
was again brought out by him in Covent
Garden in ISO 6. It was also the great play
THEATER ROYAL, DRURY LANE.
character In which he took hl3 leava of th»
stage, waa one of the first In which we remem
ber to have seen him. and It waa one in which
w« were not sorry to part with him. for wfc
wished to see htm appear like himself to th»
last. Nor waa he wanting to himself on this
occasion. He played the part as well as ho
ever did — with as much freshness and vigtir.
There was no abatement of spirit and energy,
none of grace and dignity. His look, h'.a actions,
his expression of the character were the smrw
as they ever were. They could not be finer.
John Kemble was then in his sixty-rtrst
year. His career, taken all in all (with
the possible exception of Macreaily's>, was
the most honorable and successful la thd
history of the British stage.
Of great players In the part of Corio
lanus since John Kemble there have been
a number, though not many. Kean playej
the part in 1820, on the occasion when for
the first time the text of Shakespeare waa
wholly used, but Coriolanus waa oot one
of Kean's successes. It was much leas
meritorious than his Brutus. For one
thing, Kean's inferior figure was not suit
ed to the part. Macready also played
Coriolanus, and played it ¦well. Barry
Cornwall. the poet, declared of It. Quot
ing Shakespeare: "This is the noblest
Roman of them all!" Macready also
played It in an elaborate revival of the
play in Drury Lane In IS3B, when very
much attention was given to the scenery
and staging. The first night of thi3 re
vival was the great dramatic event of the
time. Dickens and Bulwer Lytton, warm
friends of Macready' s, both of them, were
present. Samuel Phelps also presented
the play in Sadler's Wells in 1348. as one
of his series of revivals of Shakespearean
plays, he himself taking the part of
Coriolanus. Charles Kemble. then a vet
eran of 73. was present on the first night
of this revival, and several times durlns
the play pronounced Phelps" acting "very
In America the great performers of Co
riolanus have been Edwin Forrest, Ed
win Booth. John McCullough and Law
rence Barrett. With Booth. McCullough
and Barrett the part was not of primary
Importance; but with Forrest Corlolanua
was one of hla best roles. "Lear. Othello
and Coriolanus." cays Lawrence Barrett
in his biographical sketch of Forrest,
"were Forrest a greatest Shakespearean
parts." But while other Leara and other
Othellos have arisen, "Corlolanus." Mr.
Barrett goes on to say, "died with him,
the last of all the Romans."
Questions for Besearch and Beview.
11. What la probably contained In the
citizens as a political class? What is their
Importance as compared with the same
class in "Julius Caesar"?
2. What great political problem does the
play preaent? What evidences of Shakes
peare's political wisdom and knowlcdga
of political motives?
3 Do we get our knowledge of Cono
lanus. early in the play, mainly from
what he says and does or from what
others say of him?
4 Does Menenlus (in act 11. scene 1)
underestimate the power of the tribunes
to intrigue and bring things to pass?
What is their character?
5 What Is foreshadowed in the word*
of Coriolanus (act ill, scene 1). "I wl3h I
had a cause to seek him there* ?
6. What must have taken place at tha
home of Coriolanus between scenes 1 and
2. act ill? % '""p".^
7. Does Coriolanus understand th» peo
ple as well as Volumnia does in act ill.
scene 2? Is her reasoning sound?
8 How Is our Judgment held in suspense
between policy and integrity throughout
9. Does Menenlus at any point In act vi.
scene 6, lose in your esteem? What is his
most characteristic speech in act v, scene
1?
10. Why does Shakespeare cause us to
lose some of our respect for Aufidiua in
act Iv, scene 7?
11. What is probably contained In the
letter which Coriolanus gives to Menentus
In act v, scene 2? Does Menenius (In act
v. scene 4) fulfill former conceptions of
his character?
13 t Which character seems of superior
strength in act v, scene 3— Coriolanus or
Volumnia? As a roan would Volumnia
have proved greater than Coriolanus?
Does she win him to her will by present
ing the same kind of motive as in act in,
scene 2?
14. What previous contrasting scene
does act v, scene 5, recall?
15. Is the death of Coriolanus necessary
to the play? As necessary as the death
of Lear or Othello?
Is. What Impression as to strength of
character does Virgllla produce? What
kind of husband must Coriolanus have
been?
17. "Thlnk'st thou it honorable for a
noble man still to remember wrongs?"—
is this the meaning of the play?
Ohio State University
brought there sick, and I rented a room
In Mrs. Spiars' house because it was near
My brother tried to get a room there,
but I had heard him say that he would
like to marry the widow for her money,
and I advised her to have nothing to do
with him."
Mrs. Edward Lane tells a different
story in support of her suit.
'.'My husband has left me and his fam
ily, and 1b now living at the home of
Mrs. Spiars." said Mrs. Lane. "There
Is plenty of room at home, and yet he
prefers to stay away in her company.
There is no reason why he should leave
his family, unless his affections have
been won by the woman I have sued. I
have been basely deserted, and think that
I am justified In the course I have taken."
None of the parties to the case are of
the spring: chicken age. Mrs. Spiars 13
a widow of 65 years, with no children
Edward Lane is a man of 50 with a wife
mid eight children, his wife, the plain
tiff in this case, being a few years his
junior.
"It Is an outrage that I should be
drngged into this case and that my broth
ers should have treated his wife as he
did." said "William Lane. "The statement
that I wanted to marry the widow Is ab
solutely false. 1 never met her more thnn
two or three times. My brother left his
family for her. and I feel sorry for his
wife, but as to my having had any other
connection with the case, it is absolutely
false."
THE HARRIS-AMES
LITIGATION NOT
ENDED BY DEATH
Will of Rich Widow
Is a Revelation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 17.
The bitter litigation between the late
Mrs. Ann Harris and her brother, Josiah
P. Ames, involving the recovery of $150,000
in bonds and securities she intrusted to
his management, has not been terminated
by the death of plaintiff, which occurred
last Sunday.
Mrs. Harris' olographic will, dated April
14, ISOS, was filed for probate this after
noon by K. Wilder Churchill, a nephew,
who applies for letters. The will had been
left In the possession of E. S. Churchill of
Napa, and by its terms the brother liti
gant. Josiah P. Ames, is cut off with $5
and his five children are wholly ignored,
while the children of another brother, the
late John Ames, including John P., W. C.,
George, Chester S. Ames and M. Alice
Churchill, are left the residue of the es
tate, which is supposed to be worth about
$200,000. Following are the terms of the
will:
I irlve. devise and bequeath to my brother,
Josiah Parker Ames, the sum of $5.
1 give, devise and bequeath to the children of
my deceased brother, John Ames, all the rest
and residue of my property, both real and per
sonal, of which I may die possessed, share and
share alike.- ..
To the children of my deceased brother, John
Ames, I also »lye, devise and bequeath any
and all properties recovered from J. p. Ames
as a result of any Judgment that may be ren
dered by the court In the litigation between
said J. P. Ames and myself in my favor; said
moneys and properties so recovered to be divid
ed between said children equally, share and
chare alike.
I nominate and appoint to act as my execu
tor of this my last will and testament E Wilder
Churchill of Napa City. Napa County, State of
California, no bond to be required. In the event
of his failure or Inability to serve as such ex
ecutor I nominate and appoint William C.
Ames of Oakland, Alameda County, CaL no
bond to be required. * '
Mrs. Harris recently obtained judgment
against Joslah P. Ames for JG2.000 and
another suit is still pending involving
ito.wO more.
Widow Spiars Sued
for Alienating the
Love and Affection
of Mrs. Lane's Hus
band.
— ? ¦
WOULD END HER
MISERY 'NEATH
SALTY WATERS
Mrs. Mary Schutter
Was Despondent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 17.
While in a fit of despondency Mrs. Mary
Schutter. aged 3S years and of respectable
appearance, attempted to jump off the
ferry boat Berkeley on its last trip from
San Francisco last night, but her attempt
at suicide was frustrated by the deck
hands.
She was given into the custody of the
Oakland police and was detained all day
at the Cliy Prison in the hope that some
friend or relative could be located. To
night she was removed to the Receiving
Hospital. She will be examined for in
sanity to-morrow.
To the police Mrs. Schutter stated that
she was confined in Agnews Insane Asy
lum about a year ago and wishes to be
sent back there. She complains that her
head troubles her a great deal; that she
had become too weak to work any longer
and that she had therefore concluded to
end her misery by jumping off opposite
Goat Island. Mrs. SchUtcer admltteu tnai
she once before, prior to her commitment
to Agnews, made an attempt to end her
life.
The prison officials at first were doubt
ful as to her dementia and suggested that
If she so desired she could leave the
prison. The woman, however, broke down
in tears, declaring that she did not know
where to go if released: but she was will-
Ing to be recommitted to Agnews, where
she would resume work In the laundry of
the hospital for the Insane.
The woman's husband is said to be a
barber in San Francisco, but she claims
she was compelled to leave him because
he refused to contribute to her suvport.
STAGE HISTORY OF CORIOLANUS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Dr. William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton
W. Mable, Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Isaac N. Deramon. Dr. Vlda D. 3cud
der and ethers.
X. CORIOLAUTJS.
The Play as an Acting Drama.
The play of "Coriolanus" is never acted
as Shakespeare wrote it. To begin with,
it is much too long for the exigencies of
the modern stage. At least two-fifths
must be omitted in any modern repre
sentation of the play. Again, for nearly
150 years theatrical managers did not have
confidence in Shakespeare's work In ".Cor
iolanus" and conjoined with his work the
work of other playwrights. During the
whole period, say from the time of the
reformation (1660, and, for all we know,
even from Shakespeare's own time) down
to the year IS2O, "Coriolanus" was not
brought out once even nominally, as
Shakespeare's play. In 17-19 a play on the
same subject was produced In Covent
Garden, written by James Thomson, the
poet, the author of "The Seasons" and
"The Castle of Indolence." It is a sort
of combination of Shakespeare's play and
Thomson's play, compiled in the main by
Thomas Sheridan (the father of Sheridan
the dramatist), and improved and amend
ed by John Philip Kemble, that has had
most vogue upon the stage.
"Coriolanus" Is likewise too complex In
its construction, too indirect in Us dra
matic movement, to be a very effective
play for acting, except under conditions
that admit of great spectacular and scenic
display. As an illustration of this it may
be mentioned that when Kemble produced
it he introduced a procession not defl-
In his repertoire in his last year upon the
stage (1SIT). when, however, the part of
Volumnia iMrs. Siddons having retired
from the stage) was taken by Mrs. Fau
clt. the mother of Helen Faueit. Also It
was the play he chose for his farewell
appearance In Edinburgh, where he was
a great favorite. Finally. It was the play
he chose for his last appearance In Covent
Garden, in his "ever-memorable farewell
to the stage." June 23. 1817.
Of that last appearance John Howard
Payne, the dramatist and player (author
of "Home, Sweet Home"), wrote:
I can never forget Kemble's Coriolanus. His
entree w»» t*e> most brilliant I ever wltn»s»ed.
His person derived a majesty from a scarlet
robe, which h« managed with Inimitable dignity.
Tha Roman energy of his deportment, the se
raphic grace of his gesture an d the movements
of his perfect self-possession displayed the
great mind, daring to command, and tii?dain
in* to sotlclt. admiration. His form derived an
additional elevation of perhaps two tnchea from
his sandals. In even' part of th<* house the
audience roee. waved their hat» and huzzaed,
and the oheerlnK must have lasted more- than
five minutes.
Hazlitt, thf critic, gives a mere detailed
account of that memorable evening:
Mr. Ktrable took his leave of the stags on
Monday night, in the character of Ctirlnlanu?.
On his' Srrt coming forward to pronounce his
farewell he was received with a shcut Uk*
thunder. Cm his retiring after it, th# applaus*
was lon«r before it subsided entirely away.
• • • It was nearly twenty years slnca
we first saw Mr. Kemhl-? In thp same rh.iracter;
yet how Rhort th» interval seema. The Impres
sion seerrs as distinct as if it were yestenlay.
• • • we forget numberless thinus. but
not the first time we saw Mr. Kemb'.e. nor
shall we easily forget the last. Coriolanus. the
Luck Is blamed with a lot of misfor-
tunes of which it Is ignorant.
Sunday School Entertainment.
The entertainment for the benefit of
St. Francis Sunday-school will take place
this evening in St. FTancia Hall. Vallejo
street. The programme will consist of
musical selections, followed by a drama
under the direction of the organist. Mrs.
A. B. Collins.
Attempted Burglary.
Three young men were detected by Pa
trolman Hems at twenty minutes before
5 o'clock yesterday afternoon In attempt
ing to break Into the Lamar lodging
house on Bush street. The officer suc
ceeded in capturing one of the men. who
gave the name or Edward Reniger, a
blacksmith, aged 18 years.
San Jose Thief Caught.
Denis Collins, well known to the police
of San Jose, was arrested last night by
Policeman Ed. Gould on sl. warrant from
that place charging him with grand lar
ceny. About the middle of December Col
lins and two accomplices broke into Zlco
vich's winery and carted off valuable
copperware used In distilling wine. Police
man Gould, who was formerly an officer
In San Jose, knew Collins and he was de
tailed on the case. Last night he saw his
man at the corner of Turk and Webster
streets and promptly placed him under ar
rest, j - ...
A BRAWNY SCOT.
Eggs and Grape-Nuts.
"I would like to give you my expe-
rience since using Grape-Nuts" ten
weeks. I began weighing 175 pounds
¦with a big stomach owing to Improper
digestion.
"I now weigh 193 pounds, and the
flesh is on the right places — i. c., the
entire muscular anatomy.
"Before trying Grape-Nuts I looked
upon the food as a Yankee dodge to
fleece the public. (I am Scotch I *. ' lam
Slad to admit my mistake. I stir two
raw eggs in one-half cup Grape-Nuts,
sugar to taste, beat all together two
minutes, add boiling water one-half
cup; let stand two minutes, and you
have a dish that would satisfy the
Prince of Wales for once In his life
anyhow. I have a delicate sister in
Edinburgh, Scotland, who wants
Grape-Nuts. Can she get them there?"
John TV. Hunter, Oakland, CaL
GBAPE-NUTS.
MARRIED A CIRCUS ACROBAT.
Judge Fritz- Dismisses a. Charge, of
Vagrancy Against Birdie CX
Clawson.
Mrs. John Henry Boyn, who until Tues
day last was known as Birdie G. Claw
son, was before Judge Fritz yesterday on
a charge of vagrancy. "When the Judge
learned that she had been married in Oak
land on Tuesday to a circus acrobat he
dismissed the case.
. Birdie was arrested last Friday by Sec
retary Kane of'the Pacific Coast Society
for .the Suppression of Vice on the
strength of an anonymous letter sent to
the Mayor by. a discarded lover of the
acrobat, which was handed to Kane She
is only 17 years of age and was under the
care of her married sister, Mrs Stella
Abrogast, who gave her consent to the
marriage with Boyn.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Dr W G Downing, Cal
J B Richardson. Cal
MaJ E E Long, Suisun
W Anderson, Suisun
J P Maleville, Cal
A M Allen. Chicago
Mrs S Greaves & d,
San Lorenzo
F A Short, Los Angeles
J M Donnell. Menlo
E Whlpple. Decoto
F C Thompson. Ind
II F Winnes. Reedley
J C Palhe. Fowler
L, F Puter. Eureka
B H Vincent. Cal
P H Morrissey, Ohio
Mrs O B Spencer, Colo
Mrs G H Adams, Colo
Miss Dexter, Denver
L J Evans. Kara
L A Spltzer, San Jose
L Golden, Dawson ,
H Sheeny, Nevada
C O Dunbar, Sta Rosa
D A Paine & w. Or
J J Morey, "Watsonvllle
J H Barr, Marysvllle
R C Smith. Alaska
R J Kerr & w, Chicago
PALACE
J Shirley. N V
F White. Oregon
Mrs White. Oregon
D M Anderson. U S N
Mrs A L Carney. Mass
Mrs H M Walker. Pa
Miss Walker. Pa ¦
G F Meacham. Seattle
Mrs Meacham. Seattle
May B Fenton. Wash
J Jt Fenton. Alaska
R E Jack. St Louis
A Chalmers. Stockton
F H Bondreau, Cal
C Kins. Stanford
P H Abbott. Stanford
E Block. New York
E R Rowles. New York
R M Doble. Vlsalla
Dr G D Brownlee. San
Jote v
G Moore & w, Omaha
O F Oral*. Chicago
Mrs T A Smith, Cal •
Miss Smith. Cal
C R Falk. Eureka
W W Collins. Xapa
W A Stephen, ChJco
D H Moseley, Calgary
J H Ellis, Calgary
Mrs W T Biddle, S Jose
F P Barnham, Folsom
X Carmichael. Cal
W A Newton, Chicago
W Wright. Tuttleton
H E Ford. Portervllle
T Duff, Victoria
H C Meyers, Stockton
Q W Crystal, Vacavllle
Dan Pattern, Mapa
Mrs C P Lewis, Cal
Mrs Atwood. Sacto
T W Bullock, Woodlnd
W D Blckley. Stktn
\V C Evans, Bear Val
J J Burkalt, Stktn
F Ahl. Vlsalla
Mrs Redding. Antloch
F Kraemer. N T
G B Shorey, Seattle
Dr J W Stltt, Visalla
HOTEL.
B F Rogers. B C
J Hauser, Ohio
W F Haas. La,
F W Graham. Denver
O A Agrler. Chicago
Mrs O A Agler. Chgo
Mrs W R Webb. Chgo
E F Preston. Portola
Major R J Fletcher. Va
Mrs M S Harris, Chgo
J T Smith. Paris
C E Potter, L Angeles
Mrs F Milton. N Mcx
J Farls Jr. Sacto
Mrs Farls. Stcramento
M Hentzelman. N V
Mrs Hentzelman, N T
T Flint Jr. San Juan
Mrs E C Danforth.SJse
Mrs J L Ray. San Josa
A Kavanaugh, U SN
Hurt by a Gas Explosion.
Joseph K.'ihn, who resides at 28 Landers
street and is employed by the IndependS
ent Electric Light Company, was severe
ly burned about the face last night by
an explosion of gas. He was in the act
of lifting the Cover oft a manhole at the
corner of Sacramento and Montgomery
streets, when the gas which had gener
ated within the enclosure became ignited
from the lantern he carried, and a ter
rific explosion resulted. The unfortunate
man- was knocked off his feet by the
shock. He was taken to a near-by drug
store, where his injuries were treated. He
then left for his home.
ANOTHER VERSION
OF "DON CAESAR"
DON CAESAR OF IRUN" suffers in
comparison with that good old tuney
household opera, "Maritana," which
It resembles as much as a twenty
five-cent piece resembles a shilling. The
story is the same and th.c dialogue so like
that were it not for the musical interrup
tions one might think that one were hear
ing Wallace's composition. It Is the music
that is disappointing.
Dellinger does not display a melodic in
vention that grabs the fancy, and in spite
of some well-made ensembles the opera is
musically monotonous. It is not to bo
wondered that with such uninspiring ma
terial the chorus at the Grand is at a
disadvantage and sings with a raggednesa
that is as painful as it is unusual.
Persse ac Don Caesar is quite at home,
though as spiritless as ever. There is lit
tle to say of the other principals, except
that Wolff is given another chance to take
himself seriously in the part of Don Fer
nandez, which is a condition of thlng3
that is always fatal to him, unless the
opportunity for serious work be positively
important.
There is a crying need of new principals
at the Grand Opera-house. Not a whole-
Bale change, but at least the introduction
of one new face. Some one who can take
a leading part, some one who can attract
and please. This would mean a much
needed rest for some one, too, and there
is not a singer in the bunch that woulu
not profit by it.
Stage Manager Jones has been indus
triously praised for his work with South-,
well and Morosco, and he is undoubtedly
clever within the scope of his ideals, but
verily he should give us pause in the mat
ter of marches and the like. He carries
the American idea of drilling the chorus
to excess and his girls are forever going
through intricate evolutions and marking
time with their graceful extremities. Thi3
sort of thing becomes ridiculous, for ex
ample, when "Don Caesar" sings a fare
well to his sword, which by the way is a
poor substitute for "Farewell, My Gallant
Captain" of "Maritana," and is encom
passed on all sides by a marching mass of
misses brilliantly bedight. Mr. Jones also
revels in impossible tableaux. It is a pity
his talent should be so perverted.
PORTER GARNETT.
» • •
In "A Close Shave," presented yester
day afternoon at the Orpheum for the
first time on any stage, the patrons of
that popular playhouse had the pleasure
of witnessing one of • the most pleasing
vaudeville sketches that has ever come
this way. That it made a decided hit was
evidenced by the applause that was not
satisfied until the players had responded
to two curtain calls. A curtain call for
actors in any sketch is rare enough to be
a novelty, but two of them at a matinee
simply breaks the record. Mr. J. Frazer
Crosby Jr. and Miss Inez Forman, as
sisted by Mr. Joseph Mullen, produced the
sketch by invitation of their friends in
the profession, previous to opening the
Orpheum circuit in it and another play
let two weeks hence.
The first of the series of symphony con
certs will take place at the Grand Opera
house this afternoon. The programme
will include Tschaikowsky's "Pathetique"
symphony.
Mile. Trebellfs song recital will take
place at Sherman & Clay's Hall on next
Monday evening; again on the following
Thursday and Saturday matinee.
Jlme. Emma Nevada will be heard in a
farewell concert at the California Theater
.next Monday night. The programme is
entirely new and interesting.
Constantinople Minstrels will bo the fea
ture of the amateur performance at the
Chutes to-night. . f -.
ORDINANCE AGAINST
TURNTABLES SIGNED
Mayor Phelan yesterday signed the or
der prohibiting the use of turntables at
crossings, and in order to appease the
wrath of the Market Street Railway Com
pany, which is directly Interested In the
matter, sent along letter of explanation
to that corporation. In it he stated that
he had carefully considered the objections
made to the adoption of the order. He
said that turntables were confessedly a
nuisance and a danger. He called special
attention to the Geary street turntable
and answered the railway's plea that to
change the construction of its roadbed
would be an additional expense, which it
did not wish to incur at this time, as its
franchise would fall due In two and a .half
years, by saying he had come to the con
clusion that the people who use the
streets, whose number at the junction of
Market and Geary streets is immeasur
ably greater than those that use the cars,
should first be considered. In conclusion
he said:
"In consultation with the City Engineer
I find what is possibly a temporary rem
edy in turning the cars at the V tracks
at Grant avenue and Geary street. Or
perhaps your engineer's department can
find some way of shifting the grip so that
It will fit on the return trip and then
adopt the means employed by the Sutter
street and California street companies to
meet the difficulties arising: out of the po
sition of the slot. For the mere conven
ience of the operation of the road econ
omically I do not desire to take the re
sponsibility of standing in the way of so
important a public improvement as is in
volved in the removal of the objection
able turntables."
MUST PAY ALIMONY TO
THE WIFE HE FOOLED
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— As an "out-all
nighter," George Il'.I 1 '. Foye, whose wife,
Ada Foye, has just been granted a di
vorce, outclasses any and all defendant
husbands in divorce suits. The couple
were married in 1894 and lived happily
until 1898, when the husband, who is a
traveling salesman, one day informed his
wife that his business would call him to
Australia. She made no objections and
he Backed his clothes and left: Shortly
afterward Mrs. Foye learned to her aston
ishment'that the husband had not left the
city, but had taken up a residence with
his sister. When Mrs. Foye wrote him
demanding an explanation she received
the curt reply that she could sue for a
divorce on any old grounds. She prompt
ly chose desertion as her grievance, and
there was no contest offered. Judge Ells
worth, who granted the decree, has or
dered Foye to pay $35 monthly alimony.
Ora Briggs to-day filed suit for divorce
from George Briggs on the ground of
cruelty and desertion. The parties were
married In ISS4, and the husband, who is
a railroad man, Is at present residing
somewhere in the East.
Nellie Gray Duckworth has also brought
suit for a divorce from Robert Rupert
Duckworth, brother of S. J. Duckworth,
formerly chief clerk of the Assembly of
the State Legislature. . The wife alleges
failure to provide and desertion as her
grounds. The husband is at present resid
ing In British Columbia. . •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 17.
MRS. EDWARD LANE of Fruit
vale Etlrred the caldron of fate
to the bottom and there arose
therefrom a suit for $25,000 dam
ages against Mrs. F. "W. Spiars.
a widow, for the alienation of the affec
tions of her husband. And thus it is that
all these who know the parties are won
dering what kind of a broth this same
caldron is brewing for those concerned,
for they are known to nearly everybody
upon this side of the bay. As the cal
dron bubbles and bubbles it produces
troubles and troubles and family quar
rels that are most complex in their ram
ifications.
Mr?. F. "W. Spiars is the widow of one
of the best known restaurant men in
Oakland. He died some years ago and
left all his property, which Is supposed
to be quite large, to his widow. Since
that time she has been living in Fruit
vale very quietly until this suit was filed.
Mrs. Charlotte Lane is the wife of Ed
ward Lane, the roadmaster of Fruitvale
road district. This section being as
densely populated as a city, his is no
mean position. He is a brother of Wil
[ Mam Lane, formerly jailer under Sheriffs
McKilllcan and White, and this brother,
he says, is the cause of the trouble.
OOOO©OOO©OOO©OOOOO©OOO9
POLICE SECURE
WARRANTS FOR
THREE CHINESE
Stabbed a Suey Sing
Highbinder.
No mur*?r marked the passing of yes
terday in Chinatown. There were hired
murderers, nevertheless, prowling about
in search of their victims, but before
three of them could earn the heathen's
reward for the taking, of life they were
taken by the police and lodged behind the
bars. Chinatown was in a state of unrest
such as has never been experienced before
and it is admitted by leading Chinese au
thorities that the merchants have under
taken too great a task in attempting to
prevent further hostilities. The startling
admission was made to the acting chief of
police last night that all of the men killed
thus far in the trouble have been Hop
Sing men and that the Suey Sings have
scarcely suffered in return. The only man
of the latter tong who has been injured
was Lee Wong, who was cut in the hand
by three men Sunday night on "Waverly
place. Last night the police secured war
rants for the three Hop Sing men who
did the cutting. They are Yee Me, Yee
Quong Hing and Ah Jew. All have been
located, and their arrests will follow soon.
A special reward of $00 for each man has
been offered by the merchants.
The Hop Sing Toiur has positively re
fused to abandon the struggle. At the
meetings called for the purpose of adjust
ing a peaceful settlement they have re
fused to attend or to consent to even an
other truce. Whether they can be forced
into submission remains in the prospec
tive, but the chances are that they can
not until they have taken as many of
their rivals' lives as have been sacrificed
from their own ranks.
Last night acting Chief of Police Biggy
was invited to attend a meeting of the Six
Companies. He had refused on other oc
casions to be present until the Chinese
should grant him certain concessions, and
it was only upon the promise that his re
quests would be granted that he listened
to any of their propositions last night.
Another meeting has been arranged for
to-day, and the acting Chief stated that
if things materialize as he expects them
to the war will be declared oil before 12
o'clock Friday night. It is understood
that the Six Companies' have agreed to
appoint six Chinese detectives to gather
and furnish evidence against the murder
ers and to turn them over to the law. The
detectives will be paid by the companies
and will receive $35 per month. An effort
will also be made to capture the presi
dents of the leading tongs.
There are but twenty men in this city
who have been committing any crime.
Some of them are now serving terms for
carrying concealed weapons, and if the
merchants keep their faith with the police
and turn the others over to the law
trouble may be quelled. This is regarded
as the only solution for the criminal prob
lem, and the influence of the merchants
will have but little weight with the en
raged Hop Sings.
Last night squads of officers under act-
Ing Chief Biggy and Captain Wittman
visited the highbinder resorts and arrest
ed a number of Chinamen who could pro
duce no certificate provided for by the
exclusion act. In this matter the police
have the assistance of the Federal au
thorities and if the highbinder war con
tinues about one-fourth of the inhabitants
of Chinatown will be deported. The
women who were: arrested in bouses of
ill-repute were allowed to return to their
resorts as they have no other home, but
they were required to keep their doors
open and no other persons were allowed
admittance.
Detective George McMahon and Officer
Burke were detailed by the acting: Chief
to watch for highbinders, who now come
from the suburbs of the town to commit
their crimes. They succeeded in. captur
ing two sa they were entering Chinatown
from Sacramento street. The police bad
The Defendant and Mr. Lane
Claim That It Is a Case of
• B I ack m a i I — Damages of
$25,000 Sued For.
> .
Now comes all the complications, which
hinge upon the money which the Widow
Spiars is supposed to have had, and which
she says she has not got. . But whether
she had or had not the money, the sus
picion that she had seems to have caused
all kinds of trouble. Mrs. Lane says
that her husband has deserted her for
the -wealth of Mrs. Spiars, and she wants
some of Mrs. Spiars' wealth in return
for damaged affections. Edward Lane,
the husband, says that it was because
his brother, William Lane, wanted to get
Mrs. Spiars' wealth that all this hap
pened, and Mrs. Spiars says that it is an
effort upon the part of William Lane
and Mrs. Edward Lane to get some of
the wealth that she has not got. Then
she charges blackmail.
"This is nothing but a blackmailing
suit," said Mrs. Spiars. "They think
that . I have some money, when I
have not, and they are trying to get it.
I am old and alone, and they think I am
an easy prey. Some time ago Mrs. Lane,
who is now sumg 1 me, asked me to loan
her $400. which I did. This is the reward
I get. William Lane tried to rent a room
in my house Home time ago. and I re
fused to let him. Then he put up Mrs.
Edward Lane against me. I believe that
he wants to get my money. Some few
weeks ago Edward Lone came to my
house and rented a room for a short time.
They were very crowded at his house,
his mother being sick. Since that time
Mrs. Lane has quarreled with me. and
advantage was taken of that to get her
to bring this suit."
"I am sorry to say that I believe that
my brother is at the bottom of this," said
Edward Lane. "Some time ago our house
became crowded because my mother was
received information that a shooting had
been booked to take place at the exact
place where the men were taken. Both
carried large revolvers. Another high
binder was discovered by Officer Gill,
turning into Commercial street from
Kearny. Before he could be captured he
cast the weapon away and it was not re
covered by the police.
MRS. HEARST IS
WELCOMED BY
THE STUDENTS
Great Demonstration
in Her Honor.
— »
THE UNIVERSITY'S NEW ERA
A Promise Extended That the New
Buildings Will Be Begun This
Year and Speedily Brought
to Completion.
?
BERKELEY, Jan. 17.— "The New Era,"
that was the burden of the student dem
onstrations and the faculty addresses and
the congratulations and exhortations of
the regents at the big student reception to
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst in Hearst Hall to
r.ight. It was to a new and larger order
of things architecturally, intellectually
and patriotically to which the speakers
referred and for nrhich thtir enthusiastic
auditors cheered, and ail of it centered
around Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, to whom
this student reception was given and who
has dune so much to create this "new
era."
It was a welcome to Berkeley for Mrs.
Hearst, who lias taken up her residence
in this city, where she can be near the
work she has chosen— the advancement of
the State University. The students and
the faculty and all connected with the
university and its surroundings, wanted
to pay their respects to the woman who
began their "new era," and so the wel
come was extended en masse in the form
of a gigantic reception participated in by
the faculty of the university and the stu
dents of both sexes.
It was most lining- that it should have
he«n given in Hearst Hall, the new au
2itorium erected by Mrs. Hearst and dedi
cated to the students' use. This was the
only place in town of sufficient size to ac
c-ommodate those who wished to pay their
respects to the only woman regent.
It was a tremendous crowd that filled
the seating capacity of the hall and over
flowed into the aisles and lined up ten
deep in the rear of the room.
As Mrs. Hearst's party entered from the
covered passageway a ringing shout an
nounced the fact and the yell-leadei
railod for three cheers from the students,
and followed it up with an "oskey wow
wow" that shook the roof.
The cheers had hardly died away when
Fred Dorety. the president of the asso
ciated students, toolt the center of the
room and introduced the speakers, the
tirst of whom was Professor E. B. Clapp,
head of the Greek department.
Professor Clapp spoke of the happy dif
ference between the present outlook and
that of five years since, remarking that
the great difference lay In the fact that
the university, including students, grad
aates, faculty and regents, are united un
der a leadtr who commands confidence
iind under the influence of the kindliness
and beneficence of a benefactress whom
ill are proud to welcome also as a friend.
Professor Clapp's address was followed
by a selection by the Ladles' Glee Club»
which the boys gallantly encored, render
ing thanks in unison. Then followed
*hort speeches by Clinton R. Miller, Ralph
Fisher, L. Dupont Syle and Ezra de Cato,
in which the football team, the track ath
letes and the basebaJl enthusiasts all
came in for commendation and applause.
Regent J. B. Reinstein spoke at length
on tfi» Hearst architectural plans, giving
a history of their inception and growth
and present status. "The first impetus
to the movement." he said, "that resulted
in the architectural competition was given
by the students themselves. The specta
cle presented by these loyal 6ons of Cali
fornia as they seized th,e pick and shovel
and took the first step toward the beau
tifying of the campus moved the friends
of the university everywhere to plan for
the adequate equipment of the university
and finally led to the suggestion of a
general plan of buildings.
"Mrs. Hearst had rc-peatedly been Im
portuned for gifts of buildings, but wit*i
a wisdom commensurate with her gener
osity she steadily refused until a differ
ent s*>t of conditions should prevail. When
the idea of a general plan had matured
Mrs. Hearst sent that memorable letter
that crystallized the movement into defin
ite form and made possible the acquis:
tion of our present eplendid set or de
signs.
'These designs will be altered by M.
Benard to euit the conditions as observed
by him on his recent visit to Berkeley and
a provisional final set will be presented
by the 1st of April. ¦ These will be ex
amined by the regents and returned to
Parts. By the 1st of October the com
pleted plans will be in the hands of the
repents.
"I want to say to any who are disposed
to complain of the delay In putting the
plans into execution that the first of these
buildings will be begun before the end
of the present year. The entire scheme
of building will be erected, and that soon.
Nor will the cost be disproportionate to
the expense of the training carried on
within those walls."
This announcement of the plans of Mrs.
Ht>arst was greeted with generous ap
plause.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler fol
lowed and said in part:
"Berkeley is delighted. We wanted Mrs.
Hearst to come and live with us here.
We needed this building. . We needed the
other generous projects which Mrs.
Hearst, unlike those who can merely
ptand at a distance and contemplate, was
and is able to grandly accomplish. It la a
great thing to be a student in the Uni
versity of California. Be proud of her.
Cheer for her. Live for her."
Mrs. Hearst did not make any address,
but quietly received the congratulations
and welcomes of those who met her.
The student committee of arrangements
consisted of Miss Gertrude Jewett, Miss
Ruth Wilder. Miss Eva Powell, Fred G.
Dorety, W. A. Shuey and Eccleston B.
Marsh.
The reception committee consisted of
Silsfl EHse Wcnzelburger, Miss Zena
West. Miss Mary Powell. Miss L. L.
Dozier, Mi?s E. McKinne, Miss Annie Mc-
Cleave. Miss J. M. Davis. Miss Matilda
Richards. Miss Lena Macauley. Miss Ruth
Wilder. Mies Fern West, Miss M. G. Wllt
frhlr«". Mis* Edna Owen. Miss Isabel Godin,
Miss Eva Powell, Miss Bess Graham, Miss
Grace Cricher. Mis* Muriel Eastman,
Reno Hutchinson. H. S. Robinson. Harold
Bradley, R. Haseltine. C. E. Miller. E. W.
de Cotb. J. R Moulthrop. C. W. Peck, I*
L. Greene. J. B. Southard E. A. Dickson.
R, \V. Tully. A. B. Rhuart. G. L. Allen.
J. A. Morgan. L. A. de Coto, J. M. Etshel
man. Duray Smith, J. J. Earle and Ralph
Phr-lps.
TWO WOMEN, TWO MEN, MONEY, SUIT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES ALAMEDA OAKLAND BERKELEY
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9PALMISTRY.
UtSINESS CtUUrCEf.
$350— STATIONERY, notion. dgar~and variety
ftore; best location in city; llvinjr-rooma- slrk-
SS^^V^LSfr CITT BUSJCESS EX-
CHAICGg. 79 Third at.
SI7S— GROCERY and bar; llvins-rooms- good
I^HANGE. b T^h? r d s? TV ""'^ EX -
VANTHD— Good, rteiuiy man as partner in
.UEinesa clearing $?;, a month to each; must
have $iOO or mure. 79 Third tn.
t3r->-FINE corner saloon, with clubrooms. north
Market; clears %.* month; sacrificed this weeu
CITY CUMXESS EXCHANGER Third at!
HOME kitchen and delicatemen; clears 3« daily
sacrificed because of sickness; gr-r.ij're .n.!,'
GALE & HEXSON, 820 Parrott building
SPECIAL forced Rale— Halrdreiaing and dresa-
tnaking parlor: old estab. ; central; any offer
considered. Gale & Benson, 320 Parrutt bldr
DAINTY little home reatauranty~central- good
business: 4 living-rooms: sickness forces sale-
snap. GALE & BENSON. 22u Parrott bldg!
COMPETENT lady r.ith $550; superintend good
paying boarding-house; good est&.bllshvd bu*l-
nejss; big profits. GALE, 320 Parrott building.
A SACRIFICiS ON ACCOUNT OF EICKNESS"
f2S</-— Business receipts $40 dally: net profit
of 1200 a month; a plve away for $12iO; trial
given. KREDO A CO.. 22»,4 Geary at.
$1750— HOTEL; 29 rooms; good bar trade.
}JOC— Partner: transfer and storage; money »»_
cured; rare chance. KREDO A C 0..22 I . Geary.
*4rj&— RESTAURANT; f4O dafly; $125; coffee par-
lor. KREDO & CO.. VZ\j Geary at., room 29.
$7&— BRANCH bakery and stationery: don't miss
this; 2 rooms. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary at.
BARGAIN— A comer ealoon and lunch houee;
rood location; must «ell at once; good selling
reason; no agenta. 150 First st.. cor. Natoma.
! FOR sale — I have an intereat In a fine saloon
I and commercial lunch house doing a splen-
did business: a rare chance for a man willing
to work; too much work for one man; this Is
an honest proposition and full trial given to
the right parties: flrst-claes reference re-
quired. Address box 2. r 34, Call offlce.
4-ACRE chicken ranch; good house, 6 rooms;
175 chickens; milch cow; 2 acres green feed;
6 months' rent paid: price $166. Dimond P.
O. Lincoln aye., half a mile from postofflce.
J. W. SWAIN.
OLD established wagon-making and horaeshoe-
: Ing business; 15 years present location; cheap
: on account of death of owner. 22 Courtland
I avenue.
100- ROOM house for eale or exchange for lodg-
ing-house In Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 2522, Call offlce.
STORE and grocery fixtures; cheap rent; good
location. Corner Twenty-second and Castro.
PLUMBING shop, stock and shop tools in good
1 location. Box 4292, Call offlce.
WANTED — A partner; male or female; good
paying business. Apply 6H Grove st.
I FOR sale— A neat fancy dry gcods and notion
etore. together with the furniture of % rooms
complete; price moderate. 2509 Folsom Bt..
! near Twenty-first, at once.
13500 CASH will purchase dry goods, notions
and bazaar store; established 10 years: brok-
ers need not answer. For Interview addrvss
U. C, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Grocery and saloon at a bargain; on
account of sickness. Inquire WITZEL A
PAKER. 214 Battery st.
WANTED— Restaurant outfit; will pay 25 per
cent more than dealer. Apply 227 fan Carlos
avenue.
BRANCH bakery for sale; furniture, stock and
I fixtures; cheap. Apply 1074 Han-laon at.
SALOON, club, billiard room and cigar store;
investigate. 422 Fourth eU : no agents.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store;
suitable for bakery. 1606 Foiaom st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquire at 711
Valencia it.
$5000— A FIRST-CLASS family hotel; patronized
by beat class of people; good paying business;
celling on account of alckness. ¦ R.. box 2577,
Call office.
$7500— A FIRST-CLASS cloak and drees ault
business, established 16 yeara. In one of the '
beat county neat towna of thla State; enly
reason for aelling, want to retire and enjoy
life; will take part in exchange. Room 323,
Parrott bldg., San Frandaco.
$2000— GROCERY business in one of the best
country towns; fine modern store tn center of
town; plenty of room to add general atock.
Inquire at 20 Lafayette St.. city.
DELICACY, bread, candy, milk; will positively
be sold this week: account sickness; milk
pays rent. Call 410 Brannan St.. near Third.
BEAUTIFUL tailor store; must be sold at
ence; fine business; rent only $7 a month;
party gulng away. Box 7142, Call offlce.
DRUG etore; Park at. and Railroad aye.. Aia-
meda; a paying business; below Invoice; good
reasons; Investigate.
EXPERIENCED partner to open restaurant.
coffee saloon. Address box 2MI. Call offlce.
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnlahed: rent $75; 1600
carh down, balance easy. Apply "4J Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAKWELL k CO. c. 412 Sacramento at.
A BRANCH offlce for. the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptlona has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.; open until 9 p. m. ..¦ s-
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry w»t«i, 8-can milk
wa*ron. 2-seated epring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery wagona. 22 Coutrland aye.
FOR sale— A fresh milking cow. with calf.
Corner Twentieth and Indiana sts.
HACK, nearly new. and harness for eale. cheap
Box 25. Call, Oakland.
TOP btijtgy. $25; black horse, $25; bay mare, $30.
19 City Hall aye.
TOP buggy $2S; black horse, $25; bay mare, $JO.
19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe aid
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter at.
NEW and 2d-hand wagona, buggies, carts and har-
ne£*. wk, A driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of Wagons, buggies, carta. harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mlalon at.
100 SETS aeeond-hand harneas; wagons, carta.
buggies, aurreya and horses. 1140 Foiaom at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call adverttsementa and
aubscrtptlona haa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta.; open until » p. m.
BOOKKEEPING — Neltker time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation!). Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrlcaliminlng,
mech., survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt.. con-
•ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres:
life scholarship $50, Includes all branches.^
A— Singing, piano, French Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 539 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
T.ay, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
CLASSES In German, French, Spanish; J2 per
month; appointments by mall. 9C4 Taylor et.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING' arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlsslon,nr.6tn.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater, SlO O'Farrell at.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI, 1003 Mission; vlolln.mandolln.gultar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S BusI-
nenB College, 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough instruction. Studio 405 Geary,. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
J^PANE^E^IIINESE^rnp" Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary St.; tel.. Grant 66.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
best help. <14«4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOY3ISSNT WAXTED FEMALE.
NEAT German housework girl awaiting situa-
tion, T2O; Swedish housegirl, good cook, city
or country; young green Swedish girl, strong:
and willing, $10 to $15, wishes place to r.ssist ;
young Swedish woman, with a child, $10, good
¦ cook and houseworker; strong Swedish woman
wishes work by tfte day; colored young
woman, first-class cook, city or country, can
\>o 6een at the Swedish and German Employ-
ment Bureau. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter at. •
tel. Green 721.
WANTED— By competent woman, a situation
to do general housework: one who is a good
cook; moderate wages. Apply for two daya
at SCO Mission st.; no postals.
WILLING elderly woman wishes place In the
city to do housework: kind to children; small
wages. Call at 2 Cleveland St.. opp. Columbia
square, bet. Sixth and Seventh.
STYLISH dressmaking In families, $1 25 a day
by an experienced dressmaker; ref. Apply
1201 Webster sL, cor. Eddy.
YOUNG girl, aged 16, wlehea to take care of
child; wagea ?8. Call or addresa 632 Elizabeth
at., near Castro. v .
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
housework. Call or addresa 227 Hajes at.
FLATS TO LET
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LEK & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at.
TWO fine Marshall A Wendell uprights: xralnut
cases; one walnut Decker A Son almost n*w;
great bargains. At MAUYAIS'. 769 Market.
FULL value allowed for second-hand pianos la
exchange for new. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
L'kRGE atock cf Baldwin and other atandard
pianos, prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 824 Poat at.
ALL makes for a short time on
$4. $4. $4. $4. U per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Steinways, 1 Vose A Sona and
60 other slightly used high and medium grade
pianos; special ujscounts for cash.
tft-xXE PIANO MrO. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
UPRIGHT piano, "Neumann Hamburg": pro-
nounced by experts the best in S. F. ; nearly
new of solid construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $600; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 12L
ELEGANT high-grade upright piano offered
for $165; cost $590; immediate sale. Rooia 10.
Flood building.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-Curtaa Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market at.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1319 Powell st.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Mce upright piano; only $60 cash";
sold for storase. 1710 Market at.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheao
HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHiIITZ. 18
McAllister at. next Hlbemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new h"
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
S-STORY and baseraeat brick building- eleva-
tor; Adapted for storage or manufacturine-
190 Stevenson st.. near Third; rent $-3
MADISON A BURKE. J73 "
SUTTER. 717— Very choice for rooms or of-
fices; rent rery reasonable: sunny; also sunny
$5 rooms; please Investigate. *
1 " Valeacla «™> *»•«-
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEOROB MAYBRLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. EOc. 1071% Market
Bt.. San Francisco: exnmlnatlon fre*.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Pair diamond earrings. Return same to
210H Cllpoer st. and receive reward.
LOST— Black greyhound dog. Return to 427
Fulton St.; reward. ¦
LOST— A passbook with tne HlDerma Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON; No.
ISB-020. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of WINIFRED CHAPPLE; No. 7-165.
The finder will please return to bank.
JAN. 14 last— Lndy's back hair comb: solid gold
top; amber r-ilnts. Return to A. MONA, 1027
Market it.: liberal reward.
CERTIFICATE deposit the Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. No. 63.199, favor E.
L. STRAUSS and transferred to EMILY
STRAUSS, for $250. All persons warned
against negotiating. Return E. L. STRAUSS,
Pacific Stock Exchange.
IF the gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkln st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 102S Pine it. he will
receive reward.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
"~ ~~ MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patienta before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
'treatment at offlce, $5: safe and reliable; con- -
sultation free. 1123 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
offlce $5: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Offlce. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce, $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles 1 specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully: treatment can be used
at home: consultation free: success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023^ Market at.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles speclal-
lst: guaranteed treatment at office; $5. Houra
10 to S.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for XI years-
call on a. physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 818 Kearny at.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up. •
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy at., bet. Hyde
and Larkin: houra. 10 to 12. 2 to « and 1 to 8>
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Bus7ness~College7 24 Post st^, S. F~—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc; new SO-page catalogue free.
LAS PALMAP. ;s£o Market St.— Fuite of 2 or S
rrcs.; private; bath; em. rms. : board optional.
FT'NNY corner rv>re«, with board. In refined
private family. IC?2 Fell rt.. cor. Maaonlc aye.
WANTED
Ranch teamsters for good places, $25 and $26
per month
6 farm hands. Santa Clara. $20. no lost time;
6 miners for Napa Co.. $52 per month: 6 min-
ers, south, company pays three-fourths fare,
$2 per day: 5 men to chop 4-foot redwood. 75c
per cord; 6 men to chop pine cordwood, $1 10
per cord: 2 men to chop oak, $1 25 per cord;
cabins on grounds for all above and pro-
visions advanced; 50 men to get out R. R. ties
and shlnglebolts. good wages, see party here;
2 Swiss milkers. $30, and others. W. D.
EWER A CO., 610 Clay st. _^__
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 Geary st.
20 coal miners to go south. 700 a ton, special
rates of fare: 20 woodchoppers. 80c to $1 40 a
cord: 6 ranch teamsters, $25 and board; tin-
nmlth. $2 50 a day: metal-spinner, $2 60 to $3
a day: harners-maker, $35 and board.
FRENCH waiter, country restaurant. $40; fry
cook, $K0; second hand on cakes, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SILVERMAN. country hotel. $25 and fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— 2O woodchoppers ; $1 25 cord; long
Job; fare paid: tools and provisions advanced.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento at.
WANTED— Che«semaker, $30 and found:, ma-
chine blacksmith. $4 to $5 day: miner, $2 60
day: milker and choreman. $25; American
butcher, $30 and found; cooks, waiters, stew-
ards and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
DOG lIOSPITAI
DR. BUZARD'B Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: rtotrs bonrded. Tel. West 638.
UOAUD AM« ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United Flates Hotel; rocma $1 50
week up, wnh board. $5 CO; eulte for two with
board, Jl2; l«ard. $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator run« all right.
HOTEL FA I RMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; Rrft-class in every respect;
table unsurrasseil; hot and cold water: ele-
vator; suites, with board for 2, $C 0 month up.
NEW fair.ily hotel; first-class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
polect people. fC7 California at., occupying
<*orner opposite Grace Church.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
(rood home cooklsp; Fpeclal rates to gents.
THE Nortnandie. 22C Eddy— Sunry suites and
finple rooms; house completely renovated;
new carpets; new furniture; excellent table;
new management.
HAIGHT. ZZ2— Sur.ry rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
FTOCKHOLDKRS" meeting— The annual meet-
Ir.c cf the stockholder? of the UNION IRON
WORKS will be held at the offlre of the com-
par.y. 122 Market st., San Frsndsoj. on TUiiS-
DAT. January 23. ISM, at 11:30 o'clock a, m.,
for the purpose cf cle'tir.g a b^ard of dlreotora
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
traasaetloa cf such other business as may
cotr:e b**fcr* the meeting.
J 08. CCXW. Secretary.
Offlre. ~2 Market et.. San Francisco. Cal.
.'sr.ujrr » 1800.
BORRnw on diamond*: ••crery; private en-
trance: private m«. Uncle Harris. IS Grant.
A ROUTE or. this paper for sale. Addreaa box
6, Oakland Postofflre.
FRUIT and dairy produce store; good horse and
wairon. Address Box 102S, Call Offlce.
EALOON for sale cheep: good reason for sell-
ing; $113 rash; worth twice the amount. 340^4
• Third st.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; mutt be sold on
account of sickness. Call between 11 and L
12 Jackson at.
CUSTOM Ehoe business for sale; established
ever 25 years. 4 Summer et., bet. California
and IMne^
$40— SHOE shop for Bale; established 3 years;
worth $100: sickness the ca.use of selling. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro ets.
FOR sal?— A Rood paying bakery; cor. Ellis and
Webster sts.; must be sold: account of sick-
ness of proprietor; price $300.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown tei»m. 16H: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. G. aye.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms $330
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms 323
New flat; rent $14 , 8 r00m5...... 2SO
Market St.: runt $75 26 rooms S5O
Corner only: $300 cash IS rooms 800
Clearing $1(0: rent $50 26 rooms 550
Boarding: corner house 32 rooms 2000
Hotel and bar; 63 boarders 59 rooms 400
100 other houses 3 to 500 rooms: $50 to 10.000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS, PRICE
AND LOCATION.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TF.LEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. sth at.
13 ROOMS; Income $500 $2000
13 rooms; cheap rent 1300
17 rooms; good transient 450
26 rooms; good transient 10S0
13 rooms; good furniture 423
GALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott bldg.
¦ 87- ROOM house; central location; clears $150
per month: tiny reasonable offer considered.
GALE A BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
9 ROOMS; house; Jones; rent $32 50 $325
29 rooms; house; Jones; rent $80 $1150
9 rooms; Post; sunny; good furniture $300
Money to loan. C. P. DAVI3. 1104 Market st.
82 ROOMS, new furniture; rent Jldi; half cash.
bal. 1 per cent. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
21 ROOMS; fine transient: a big bargain, $&0.
C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
S7 ROOMS; Taylor st.. nr. Sutter: will suit nice
family; half cash. $2400. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 J350
tl rooms; all rented; rent $45 300
40 rooms; fine location; rent $73 1000
100 rooms at a great bargain: rent $200.... S6OO
65 r.: rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$2200 — PART cash: 42 rooms; best location north
Market: flnely fur.; all rented. Banile, 3 Eddy.
SIX rooms and bath; bringing in more than
rent; bargain. 338 Turk st.
LODGING-HOUSE: 123 Third at.| 16 eunny
rooms; Drtce J200; rent $15.
23 FIRST ST. — Neat sunny furnlahed rooms to
pent: $1 tier weelc
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
ROOM suitable for 1 or 2 In exchange for
assisting boy evenings with studies. 1720H
Mission st.
HOUSE, 8 rooms: bath: carpets: large lawn;
fine view; gee it. 3332 Twenty-fourth st.
' HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. 11. UMBSEN A C 0... 14 Montgomery.
IN the warm belt of the Mission, house of 7
rooms and bath: rent cheap. 2021 Howard st.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgom-
ery st.
AN artistic furnlahed house to rent or lease;
centrally located; 6 bedrooms; large parlors;
music and dining rooms, etc.: 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny St.; large grounds; rent $125.
Address, with full name. T. L. HALL, office
317 Mission at.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
206 Post. 10 r $4512933 California, 6 r..515
917 Geary. 10 r... 45J1541 Eddy. 6 r 25
5475 Post, 10 r Zs| 132 Powell, 6 r
FINE bay-window hcuse. 7 rooms and bath,
high basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan st., near Butter. Apply 623 Golden
Gate aye.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent $37 60.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
AN artistic ft:rnls>hed house to rent or lease;
centrally located; 6 bedrooms: large parlors;
music antT dlninr rooms, etc.: 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny St.; large grounds; rent $125.
Address, with full name. T. L. HALL, box
1022.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3CO Kearny at., nr. Pln«.
DRESS rants. 12 75; fine suit. 110. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 813 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses planers, lathes.
iron A wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 123 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1833 Market St.
NEW style Singer sewing machines; S drawers;
oak: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
BECOXD-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry; $22 per o*. for
gold in it. 323 Eush St., 3d floor, room 4.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. tZ Dupont. nr. Calif.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84$ Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ANY proposition any amount; 6 per cent: first.
aecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN,, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me; $39
. to J100.000; 6 per cent; Ist, Id or chattel mort-
" gages. estates in probate. undivided Interests In
estatesjegacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gagee, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business ela*>
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. J.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by prtvate party on furniture and
pianos* no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995^
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
63 and 60. Donohoe building. 1170 Market et.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery at.
MEN can secure loana on personal note. AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. 3R6 Parrott blrlg.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 430 Par-
rott bulldlns.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or tndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 118 McAllister.
IF your property la mortgaged and yoa need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
~ MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced planes
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have, full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for IS per month, and some good pianos
for $3 14 and $5 per month. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter its., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and ttroadway. Oakland. »
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlcaco Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26 25 and 30 O'Farrell at. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms eaay: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sal*
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market at., bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also tome fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4, 2, 10 years
old; 1000 to 1400 lbr.: 140 to $100; mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Orayeon, Cal.
7 FRESH milch cows and calves. MRS. J. F.
PERLE. Angel Island.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, gold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A BEAUTIFUL pair genuine Lamalr opera,
glasses for $3; worth Jl5. UNCLE Harris
15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— 4o or 60 gallons good, pure ranch
milk. Address Country Dairy, care 407 Slxtb
St.. Oakland.
60-GALLON oil tank; 12-foot counter, patent
Syrup. SOO Turk at.
ANOTHER Smith Premier typewriter; One or-
der; get price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 119
Montgomery st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
ginea. boilers water ptpe. ahaftlng. pulleya,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear at.
AT leas than cost: uncalled-for auita and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyona*. the
London Tailor. Tn Market st.
L.i the History Building.
BAKES— New and aecond for banka. merchants,
at earners, residences: portable aafety boxes;
apecle chests, bullion aafes. vaults, etc Tha
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market at.. S. F.. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price rednced to
}100; concert records, $3 «0. BACIOALUPL
933 Market at.. Ban Francisco.
ONE 4-sided atlcker; 1 planer and nlatcaer; 1
air compressor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarca
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c to
Mo. Efl2 Mission St.. between lat and 2d ats.
SEAMEN green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 28 Bteuart at.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16c breakfaat,
dinner or supper; beat in city. 406 McAllister,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver .iouse, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooma; 25c per night; tl to 12 per week.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard's barber shop.
Seventh and Mlaalon ats.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weekg required; constant practice; expert in-
etruction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly; special
lnducemtns this month; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'B BARBER
COLLEGE, 633 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
8. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard »t.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHKPARD A CO.. attor-
neys. Hearßt bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished roomi, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. LlndeU. 6th and Howard; read, rrn.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptlona has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS enginea, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
at., above Sixth.
BUSINESS OmCK of the Ban Francieco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Hi Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SflO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€3? McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
QS Larkin street; open until P:3O p. m.
1?<I Mission etreet; open until 10 P- »•
trci Market fctreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i.. m. ,
ii« Eleventh street; orwn until » p. nx.
K'96 Valrncia street; open until 9 p. m.
1223 Po'.k street; o:*-n until 9 p. m.
Koitllieat comer of Tn-enty-seccnd and Ken-
tuckj- streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY NO. L
X T--; ¦ ii assembl> THIS L^ :.N- "J&JT*
ING Order of the temple. All fraters IPjj
cordially invited. V&
JOHN TONNINGSEN, Com. vr
MIFFION CHAPTER NO. 79, R. A. M. «
-Ptatfd meeting THIS (THURSDAY) J%g,
EVEXINO, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- lf^^
tonic Terajile, 2rtS Mission ft. Huslnesß, /
P M and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the
H. \-. JOHN R. HILLMAN. Bee
CALirX>RNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. AND ¦
A. M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J\.
EVENING JanMarj IS. :.: 7:SO o'clock. j*\j^
First decree. I'.y order of the Master. / i
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec^
LA P.VRFAITE UNION LODGE NO. 17. •
F. and A. M.— Meeting FRIDAY. Jan-
vary 19 at t- p. m. First ci.-fc-r'-f. By or- It Jf
ocr cf the W. M. /^r>
P. DE ST. JULLIEN. Sec.
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO LODGE ft
No. OS F. and A. M.. meets THIS _A_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at «-O)^X
o'clock for second degree. Uy order of/» >
the Vaster. E. C. HARE, Sec.
IXmiC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND A. •
M. -Stated meeting THIS <Tm'R. c -_4\_
DAY) ;.'. ENING at 7 S o'clock. First TrLJ\
degree. Masons are invited. By order / V *
of the W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
VVILDEY ENCAMPMENT NO. 23. 1 ty ya
O. O. F.— Visitation by the Grand )f
Patriarch and Installation of of fleers y\
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. * X :
JOHN H. HANSEN. C. P.
HALL OF OCCIDENTAL LODGE
No. ITS !. O O X Installat! :i £i<?rZ!*S<^
of officers THIS (THURSDAY) : ~PfS?£Sr \
KVENIXG. Visiting brcth.rs wei-
come. S. a. WHITNEY. N. G.
THE ar.rsual meeting of the membership of the '
Workmen's Guarantee Fund Association will j
take place at its offlce. room f.3. Flood build- ;
iv.c. TI'ESDAY EVENING, Jan. SO. ai 7:30 i
c clock. H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
THE California Debris Coir-mlsslon* having re- j
celvrd applications to mine by the hydraullo i
jiroccss irom J. F. Cowdery, «a the Lucky !
Point mine, car St. Louis. Sierra Co.. to de-
poElt tailir.ps in a woiked-out pit: from Cbaa).
F. iJiesem, in the Riffle Polr.t claim, at Grass
K'at. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in Graf? j
Fiat lia-vine; from Morris J. Williams, in the ;
Weeds Point mine, near Camrtonville, Yuba j
<~0.. to de;x>sU talJirpi- in a ravin*, and from
E. A. Mixklj*. in the InskiD placer mire, at ]
Gold Run. Placer Co., to deposit talllncs In j
Fquires Ravine. £i v es notice that a meeting I
v.-;;i be held at room Z-V. Flood buildins. San j
Francisco, Cal.. en January CJ, I*oo. at l:3j !
_ > hi. - j
ANNUAL meeting. — The postponed annual
tneetlns cf the stockholders of the KILAUKA
EUOAB PLANTATION COMPANY will be
beid nt the office cf The company. No. 327 '
Jls'ket street, tan Fran<*l6co, California, on I
THURSDAY, the :.",th day of January. l?C0. j
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve I
for the ensuing year, end the transaction of I
*uoh other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer bocks * 111 close on Satur-
day. January ]2, I&00. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
AK&'UAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stork holders of the OCEANIC STEAM-
f-HJP COMPANY will Ik> held at the offlce of
the company. IT! Market st., 6an Francisco,
r*!.. on MONDAY, the 22d day cf January.
J>oo. tt the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a boerd of directors to
terv* fcr the ensuinc year and t!i« transac-
tion cf surh other business :'.s may come b«-
Tcre the tne«t!r.tf. Transfer books will close
or. FRIDAY, January 12. ISO', at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A— S4OO— PARTNER wanted in ettabl. ¦buteher-
rhop; owner wants honeet aaslatant: knowl-
edge cf business not necessary. R. G. wILKE.
906 Market Bt.
A— S3SO— PARTNER wanted in chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place clearing J6O
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 906
Market Et.
A— ssoo— Corner raloon; 11 furnished rooms; rent
$40. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo— ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon on
beet transfer corner of this city; low rent;
best clasa of custom; place flrat-class pay-
Ing; owner to attend to his ranch cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— slsoo; SALOON on Market et., cloee to Sev-
enth.' rent net $S0; splendidly paying place;
other encasements cause of sale. R. O.
WILKE. KM Market et.
A— ISSO— BAKERY near McAllister Bt.; estab-
lished yeara; all Btore trade; large stock;
rent $25; 4 years' leae*; 1H barrels per day.
Coll R. G. WILKE, 906 Market Bt.
$25>-FIRST-CLASS florist's store; doing a good
business; splendid location; owner Koine to
Kurope; rent $20; 8 living rooms, furnished.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market «t.
A— sCso; CIGAR and candy store; rent $20; very
best location north of Market st.; a flrst-claes
paying buslneee; large stock. Call R. G.
WJLKE. fcO6 Market st.
A— ssoo; FRUIT and grocery, with horse and
wagon: dally receipts $20; rent $30: full value
in Biicbt: a splendid chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. SOt Market st.
A-JWO- GROCERY in Oakland^ with horse and
wa«oi: rent $10; a good paying business; ail
frrth stock. Call R. O. Wllke, 9C6 Market.
A— s«no- DELICACY store and branch bakery;
on Larkln st.; rent $16; good paying business;
fine place for 2 ladles or man and wife. Call
R, G. WILKE, 906* Market at.
A—FIXE opportunity to secure the State rights
of new Dater.t required on every ranch; will
»aye lßrge amount of labor and do the work
better than any other known; model to be
seen at STENBERG CO.'S. 26H Kearny et.
A— SCOO— CORNER Baloon ; splendid location;
.among factories; hot lunch; more than value
In sight sacrifice on account of other busi-
ness. STENBERG A CO.. 26H Kearny st.
$4tO— BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
pain: g'Mng to Europe cause of sale, lie-
LAUCHLIN & CO., 777H Market St.
}«50_saIvOON: bargain: this day; satisfactory
reason for Belling. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market st.
$3«)— BLACKSMITH shop and wagon business;
bargain; on account of departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 7774 Market st.
CORNER grocery.; full stock; sickness cause.
See COWING & CO.. 1130 Market Bt.
CANDY store; central part city; must sell.
COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
BAKERY In town near San Francisco doing a
fine cash business; large stock; good fixtures;
horse and wagon: cheap rent: trial clven;
great sacrifice. JONES & CO.. 865 Market at.
$55— FRUIT etore: 3 living rooms; good business;
central: cause sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy et.
FOR rent— To P.n vp-to-date man with experi-
ence a furniEned hotel and race track in
Eureka. Cal.: located on main traveled road
and good chance to make a nice paying busl-
ress. Apply to J. G. LOVE REX, Eureka. Cal.
BADEN. South San Francisco; hotel for Bale,
with 4(i tieaily boarders, with good prospects;
must be sold on account of slcknesß. Inquire
Grand Hotel, Baden, South San Francisco.
IRST-CLABB cook as broiler In cafe or restau-
rant. Address box 46. Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS meat cutter wishes position
either city or country. Box 2539, Call.
RELIABLE young man desires employment as
private male nurse; recommendations. Box
2042. Call.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
- WnEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
• J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
» St.; cleaning. So per yard; tel. Mission 74.
i J McQUEEN'S Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 223; lowest rates.
t ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
[ CARPETS cleaned at So per yard; laid at Be.
; STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
¦ A— PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical : gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection: If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
> help you; mediums developed In from 8 to t
months; letters containing three questions and
tl ancwered; hours, 9 to 8; Sunday. 10 to 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings JL
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
MRS. EBERHARDT; anniversary exercises to-
night; 10c. 32W) Twenty-second St., between
Mlßslon and Valencia.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
605 McAllister; 10c. Come skeptics.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. DU PREE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mail; advice given. 2S 7th, room 7.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth Bt., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St., 10 a. m. to 10 v. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh it. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate writer.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction; readings this week 25c. 2SOA Turk.
! MKS. WEST returned to 1206 Market, parlor SI;
trance test medium: home evenings and Sun.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; Bit-
tings daily. 212H Sixth St.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 230; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluerftly; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hue-
band's picture. 23c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6 — BAY window cottage. 6 rooms; water free.
Off Crescent aye.; Inquire 64 Silver bU. oft Bd.
WANTED TO RENT— « or 7 room cottage
with western exposure; furnished; give full
particulars, price, etc. Box 1036. Call.
DENTISTS.
A^DFL T. S~H IGGIN S^d^nTaT^artors. 627
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from SOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled err
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 £0 up; open evenings and Sunday*.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full Bet of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colorod plates th inner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fllllnirs, &0c; crowns. $3 u0; all work
painless «nd warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket Et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our sp<»clalty; gold crowns,
$3 10 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours 9k. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fllls teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; brldees, $«;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Bt., near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN' VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlnars and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 9M Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR^ h! G~.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.? 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenlnse and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS made on Bhort notice, $3; skirts, 75c;
wrappers $1. 273 Minna st.
S. K. Dressmaking, Ladlea" Tailoring Parlor*;
French tailoring system taught. 30.~> Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary Bt. : dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tenj; ea&y payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pir.kine. 121 Po«t. over O'Connor & MofT.it.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEM ALB.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position to do
light housework; understands the care of chll-
dren; wagea from $13 to $16. 1000 Washington.
COMPETENT nurse for young children or take
charge of a baby; city or oountry. . Call 24
Ash aye. ¦
COLORED flr*t-clasa cook deelres situation In
a private family; wages $25 to $30. Address 20
Lewis et.
WANTED— Room and board in exchange for
housework or nursing; references given. Box
COUNTRY WOMAN wishes a situation to do
general housework in an American family; la
a good cook; city or Oakland. 408*4 O'Farrell.
YOUNG girl wants general housework In an
American family; Wages 820;. Please call at
2SS Minna.
YOUNG girl would like light chamberwork: 18
to $10 a month. Box 42«, CalL.
WANTED— By a young lady of education and
refinement, •a, position of trust; housekeeper,
1 companion offlce work; country preferred.
Box 2521. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situation
In private family; will assist with light house-
work; city or short distance in the country.
Address 7EO Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like several
family washings; will take home or come to
the house. Call or address 2354 Greenwich st.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light housework;
good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
POSITION wanted by woman physician to care
for 'invalid at home or travel; 6 years' hoe-
pltal experience with Insane. Box 2523, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class cook; good
reference; city or country. 1111 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl wants situation to do house-
work and- cooking; no children. 1725 O'Farrell.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 160 Fourth st., room 7.
COMPETENT reliable woman wishes work by
the day. Address 114 Fourth Bt.
AMERICAN lady desires a position as house-
keeper; a good cook. Address MRS. NOT-
SON. 1715 Park st.. Aiameda.
WANTED by a young lady, position as sales-
lady, cashier or any light employment; Oak-
land preferred. Address M. m^LER, 1227
Peralta at., Oakland.
A GOOD dressmaker wlEbes a limited number
of engagements by the day; terms 52 a day.
Address 1424 Market at.
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chef a
place or full charge of kitchen; English,
French and German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel references. 242 Natoma at
2 GERMAN girls to take care of children and
assist. 3QOO Twenty-fourth st., near Folsom.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker" desires engage-
ments In families; good reference; terms 52
per day. 689 O'Farrell Bt. ¦ ;
YOUNG colored woman would like to do house-
work or take care of children. Call EOS
Chestnut Bt., near Powell.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation aa work- '
ing housekeeper in sickness or as nurse. Ad-
dress SIR Alabama st., near Twentieth.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. .
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a posi-
tion in small family; plain cooking and light ¦
housework. 121 Powell St., room 23.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer de- .
sires work by the day in families or at home; •
fitting and patlsfaetion guaranteed. 1127 Ellis.
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist ;
in housework •or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at E49 Valencia st. •
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work; Is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at tIS Ninth st., Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2JOO Flllmore st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus .
and baggage to and from ferry. ]
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*8 Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and Bubscrlptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk «t.: open until 9 p. m. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— .MALbT" ¦
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-olaas assayer,
amalgamator and cyanide man. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ENGINEER or fireman, thoroughly competent '
and reliable, age 31, wishes a position, or will .
work by day on repairs of steam plant; ;
no objection to leaving city. H. H., box
1038, Call.
YOUNG married man. with good education,
wishes petition to drive beer or soda water
wacon, or anything; can give cash security
to reliable house; willing to work. 616 Pa- .
clflc «t. ,ry ¦¦*-?-
YOUNG married man. handy with tools, wishes
work at anything; can hang paper or palnt-
lng; witling to work. 516 Pacific Bt.
BARTENDER wants situation In the city;
middle aged ; references. Box 1008. Call offlca.
UPHOLSTERER and carpetlayeT, young man,
wants work; city or country- 271 Stevenson.
YOUNG roan wishes position In private family: '
understands care of horses and can milk; la '
not afraid of work; a good home more of an
object than wages; can give references. Box .
1004. Call offlce. ]
YOUNG, experienced and up-to-date man de- .
Blres poßltlon an bookkeeper or offlce clerk; ¦>
references furnished. Address A. 11. Z., 1631
' Mission st.
CARPENTER (has tools) aa general workman;
well recommended; or any other kind of
work. Address Carpenter. 54 Ivy aye.
SITUATION wanted by a circular Baw flier:
can hammer; good references. Address JOHN J
LYDON. 636 Commercial Bt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Protestant second girt, $15: wait-
ress and parlor maid, $25; 6 Scandinavian
second girls, 2 In family, 120; nurse, $20, see
lady this forenoon; % cooks, restaurant. §7
and $10 a week; head waitress, private board-
ing-house, $26; 0 waitresses, private board-
ing-houses, $20; 0 restaurant waitresses, $5
and $8 a week: 45 girls for housework, city
and country, $20 and $25; 25 young girls to
assist. $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO..
81fl Butter Bt.
WANTED— Typewriter and stenographer for
offlce work, $7 a week. J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. tit Sutter at.
C. R. HANSEN A CO .104 Geary st.
SO waitresses, Los Angeles, $25 (special ratee);
8 waitress's, flirt-class country hotel, $20, fare
here; 10 waitresses, country. $20 to $25; 2 wait-
resses, best city hotels. 120: S chambermaids
to wait, |20; cashier. $23. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 104 Geary at. .
SECOND GIRL. Llvermore, $23, see party here
Friday, 9 o'clock: chambermaid. $15; housegirl
2 In family, $25; housegirl $35, American fam-
ily; second girl, $20; middle-aged woman, light
housework, $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 818
Sutter st.
WANTED— Young girt for general housework;
references required. Call between < and 10
o'clock a. m. at 8000 Sacramento st.
GIRL to aßElat in general housework; sleep at
home; $12; car fare extra; reference. 1108
Fulton st.
GIRL for general housework; German or
Swedish preferred. Call -11 a. m., 2028 Bush
St., near Webster.
GIRLS looking for housework call at MRS. G.
D. SCOTT'S, 2143 D wight way, Berkeley.
WANTED— B young girls to paste samples.-
Apply after 8 a. m. E. . H. LEVY, Inc.. 613
Market et.
GIRL or woman to assist with general house-
work; small family; wages $12. Call 3343
Twenty-second st.
YOUNG woman to assist general housework;
email family; $10 to $12. 1612 Washington Bt.
WANTED— Young girl to assist taking car* of
Infant. 2943 Pine at.
GIRL to care for 2 children and assist with
second work. 1522 Geary St., forenoon.
WANTED— A (rirl for light housework. Apply
3037 Washington st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; a' good
home; $12 a month. 3711 Clay st.
GIRL; 2139 Jones st.; no washing; no chil-
dren.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and plain
housework; $20. 820 Fulton at., near Gwgh.
GERMAN woman for general housework;
wages $20. Apply 961 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Good ladles' hairdresser. Call at
1016 Mission st. after 10 a. m.
GIRL for light housework; t In family and
baby. 1333 Webster at.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks and good
sewers. M. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market st.
YOUNG woman to do housework; wages $12
to $15. 762 Church Bt., near Twentieth.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
1321 Mason St.; bakery.
SINGLE ladles wishing to Join a social club
eend address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kills st.
WANTED— First-class talloreaa on fine coats.
14 Grant aye., room 43.
WANTED— An operator on vests; good pay.
G4l'i Stevenson St., between 7th and Bth.
WANTED— Younf girl to assist In light house-
work; waees $12. 2650 Twenty-first St.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Experienced men's neckwear mak-
ers; Also apprentices. L. SAMTER A SON.
Hi Market st.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 13 First Bt.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or lnexperfenced. Shirt
Factory. 36H Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 'per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscrlptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
nt 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HELP XV AX TE D— M A L.tS.
MuiuiAY^^R^Xm^rrrrpiioNE
- Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FOR THE GREAT MINES
Foreman good wages
Carpenter, do some blacksmlthinsr..s2 50 day
4 miners, $2 25 to $2 M day. see boss at our
' offlce to-day for this mine* 4 laborers, rail-
road work, large lumber company, $39 and
board; 4 tie swampers, tame company. $30 and
board; 5 more two-horse teamsters, $1 75 day;
t four-horse teamsters, $2 day; furnace labor-
er for the mines, $30 and found; blacksmth
helper and wife; farmers and wives; chore-
man, Santa Clara Co., see boss here; pruners,
farm and orchard hands. $20 and $26; milkers,
chf>n-men and boys. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
MR. HILL, foreman, please report at our of-
flce e-arly. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay Bt.
EXPERIENCED vineyard foreman: see boss
here. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 686 Clay.
WOODCHOPPERS TIEMAKERS
We want 150 men for all parts of California
to cut 4-foot and stovewood; redwood, pine
and oak; from $1 to $3 cord; tools and provi-
sions furnished on many places; also 50 men
to cut redwood ties. 10c. 12c and 13c each; men
to make pickets. $4 60 per thousand.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS LAUNDRY HELP
Cooks for 10 men at mine, see boss here: 8
hotel, rtstaurant and boardlnr house cooks;
third cook. $25 to $S0; bootblack. ?5 week;
washer, country laundry. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE — Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tuaa. evg. 305 Larkln.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; CO cents per share or monthly install-
ment!!; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. room* 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills bulldlntr. S. F. : tel. Main 544.
GENTLEMAN nurse wants care of invalid
Box 2541, Call.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address box
4263 Call offlce.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFTCD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia nt.
A BRANCH offlce for the receotion of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.: open till 9 p. tn.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
435- Third st.
HELP "WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted^ — First-class designer, cut-
ter and fitter on ladles' tailor-made garments;
references given. Box 2523. Call.
BARBER shop at your own price If sold this
month: make offer. 1543 Market st.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at a
bargain. Call at 911 Larkln st.
TO tailor's cutters — Flrst-claae outter re-
quired. Apply from 9 to 11 a. m, to CHARLES
LYONS. 721 Market st. •
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MR3. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to S D. m.; at residence. 223 Van Ness
aye.. B to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment, $5.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER-Prlvate hoiaa
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
rut> of the human body. 113 Mason st.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417^4 third st.
ELEGANT flat. 0 rooms and bath; large base-
ment. 715 Grove Bt. '-¦ '¦¦".'-"•'¦'•
FINE- sunny flat of « rooms and bath; $18:
Beymour aye., near Golden Gate aye. and
Scott st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN As CO., 14
Montgomery at.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.,IO Montgomery.
THREE nice rooms, upstairs. Apply 11 Clara
at., between Third and Fourth.
TWO flats: 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 1
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
BORROW money on diamonds and watchen;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath; nice location;
cheap. Apply 1489 O'Farrell St.. near Bu-
chanan. .
$B— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St.. oft
Market, near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$11— No less: flat 4 rooms; folding doors; marble
mantle. 715 Tehama St., near Eighth.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye.. above
Van Ness.
FitKK TO ALL.
BKAUTTFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
Bt., near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
< range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buy»
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. J3S3.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coivat. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 830 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A few good men to operate motion
picture machines and give exhibitions In
churches, school houses and halls In your
own locality; big money can be made; no ex-
perience required. Send this ad and address
Drawer, 148. Chicago.
WANTED at one*, a good sticker and all-
round mill man: 8 hours day; good pay; none
but sober industrious man need apply: to the
right man a good position. Union Mill Co.,
Santa Barbara, Cal. _i______
YOUNG man 20 or 21 years drive wagon: $30;
refs. required. MISS CULLEN. 32S Sutter.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing; steady
work. 791 Mission Bt., bet. Third and Fourth.
Weekly wages.
COATMAKER. pantsmaker and Testmaker at
635 Kearny st.; call early. '
SEAMEN and green hands for cruise couth.
327 Pacific st.
JEWELKRS. S2S Bush Bt., room 4. third floor.
BOY 14 to IS years for bakery at 3025 Sacra-
mento st.
OPERATORS. tßllors and pressers on ladlee'
cloakß. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 731 Market.
YOUNG butcher. 1823 Point Loops aye.
ERRAND BOY; must have references. Apply
731 Montgomery Et.
WANTED— At 2503 Foleom St., boy to learn bar-
b*r trade; must live near by.
ICO MEN to room at 10. 15, and 20 cents a night.
Boston House, 930 Howard st. — • ¦
SMALL bellboy wanted. 728 Sutter st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1333 Market St., corner
Tenth.
SOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission et., between Ist and 2d sts.
SIX fancy weavers wanted. Apply at the San
Jose Woolen Mills, San Jose. Cal. .
ASTROLOGY.
rP.OF. A. MA'SnRT of E«rpt. rreatest a«tro!o-
dFt snd palmist in th<> world; satisfaction
Kwaraitefd. 4TT Ooldea Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW*.
.ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWn. atty at law, £50 Market, cor. Ptocktn.
APVICE free: no charce unless BueoeEs'ul. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. J27 IJarket St.. opp. Mason.
T. 11. MERZUACH, attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at. DOS Cal. St., Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckols bid*.. 527 Marl
ket Ft.: ronsultatli"n free: no fe*« in advance.
BORROW on pianos. furniture, diamonds.
paintings; pecrpry. fn<-le Harris. IF, Grant ay.
BOARD AND ROOMS AY ANTED.
ANY amount to loan you on dlsmcnds: low in-
tereft. rxrtK HARP.IS. 18 Grant aye.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like to take care of a child; good
home. Addre.'s C 3 Minr.a st.
TO board— An infant or i--mall child; $10 per
mrrth. ?1« Lexmrton aye
COOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOIOOL nOOKS^o\jgh7^nd~~^ha^ed'
Holmes Book Co.. 7C>4 Mission St.. near Third
bakgains.
BOYS' 6trong thoes, 75c; boys' fine chocs, II; in-
fants' ehoee, 25c; children's shoes, 60c up; la-
«Jle#' chocs, Jl; men's boots, special, $1 75 Peo-
ple's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway
10WILNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.. :
(Successors to Flannagan &'Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
20 Fifth St.. "opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
IJ7SO— LOT and 3-« tory brick bouse; sunny e'.de
Bouth Park, near Third st. : 8 rooms: also
Urce *rK,p in rear yura. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSOX fc CO., Cl 4 Call building.
FINE re*l<Jenee— *ewv>; Clay rt.. bet. .Buchanan
and Webfcter. UEO. W. CHAPIM| 11 Mont-
rommr Ft w
CHHAP hous* »nd Irrt wanted In pleasant loca-
tion. WALLER, box 2J7L Call office.
C3f>o— SPLENDID barraln; rr.urt be cold to
close an estate; 2 new modern flats, 1 and 6
rooms and bath earn; Mission warm belt.
$;**>— liest buy south of the park; 14 lots to-
itether. between I and J streets: make offer-
mutt be sold. SCOTT A. HARRIS. 20 Post st.
$23y>-<;UEAT sacrifice on account of isudden
departure ; 2 new substantial bey-window Hats,
5 and « rooms and bath each; 23d and Noe sts'
Aodrers Box 4149. Call.
MODERN cottage; 8 rooms; cable line; hot-
£'iH^. : s ;hlcken y*ri; garden; $«SO. H. J.
f KEGELKKN. 423 Jackson st.
CAPITAL PRIZES
Of the Original Little Honduras Company
No 86532 draws $400 on a 10-cent ticket; sold In
San Francisco. The fortunate holder thereof,
Mrs. Katie Keslelh. 614 Fourth street, will re-
ceive her money by presenting the ticket at the
office of Henry S. Cahn & Co.. 126 Kearny
street. In the Mexican drawing of December 28.
1899 VT. J. Golding of Wadsworth. Nevada, re-
ceived $1000 on a 26-cent ticket. In the drawing
of the same date Jerrey Pertal of 23t East
street. £an Francisco, received $400 on a 10-cent
ticket. ¦ •
The Original Little Louisiana Co. o? Saa
¦ Francisco— Drawlni January 13, 1900.
No. 84424 wins $T5OO, sold *In Los Angeles,
Cal • 86857 wins $2000, sold In San FVanclsco,
CaL; 32102 wins $1000, sold tn San Francisco,
Cal.' 43619 wins J5OO, sold In Sah Francisco. Cal.
Nos 57031 and 64707 each win $250. sold in San
Francisco Cal.; 4405. 6605, 25653, 32553 and 61117
each win JIOO, sold In Reno, Ner.. San Fran-
cisco and Oakland, Cal. •
BI'KCIAL KOTICI2S.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
I !.an clrls and boy* have been admitted to
the Inuiitutlon from July 1, 11(99, to Jan. 1,
1300: Anna M. Clemens, 10 yr«. 3 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens. S yrs. 1 mo.: Petra M.
Clemens, 2 yrs. 9 moi.; Margaret Peterson, 7
yrs. 11 raos. ; Marguerite Kempf, 4 yrs. 2 mos. ;
Sarah N. Nicol. 12 yrs. 10 mos. ; Nina E. Mil-
ler. 6 yrs. 1 mo. : Emily E. Reed. % yrs. 10
mos.: Margaret Brooks. 11 yrs. 8 mos.; Mary
Brooks, 10 yrs. 2 mos.; Ethel Brooks, 6 yrs.
6 mos.: Slbella Bank, S yrs.; Crux Isura, S
yrs. 4 mos.; Ronol Isura, 8 yrs. 6 mos.; Vln-
nr.t Isura, 7 yrs. 7 mos.; Alvln C. Rupky,
II yrv 7 mos.; Carl S. Bonlcke, 8 yrs. 11 mos.;
Frank Bonlcke, 7 yrs. 8 mos.; John
Pcterton, 3 yr«. 11 mos.; Charles Pet-
erson. 4 yrs. 5 mos.; William Peterson.
t yrs. 6 mem.; Victor Olsen. 15 yr«.; Myron
A. Day, 9 yra. 11 mo«. ; Henry E. Day, 7 yra.
10 mo».: Charles K. Foster, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Lincoln G. Foster, 2 yrs. 10 mos.; George
Kempf. 4 ym. 2 mos.; William Fault, 10 yrs.
6 mos.: Rudolph, c yrs. 6 mos.: George N.
Nicol. 9 yrs. 2 mos.; Walter F. Ntcol. 4 yrs.
8 mo*.; William J. Riddle. « yrs.; Leslie L.
Riddle, 3 yrs.; Frank Madden. 10 yrs. 8 mos.;
Galen Clark, 14 yrs. S mos. ; Percy L. Miller.
7 yrs. 11 mos.: George F. Farley. 8 yrs. 4
mos.: Percy G. Reed, 4 yrs. S mos.; Julius J.
Lindner, 2 yrs. 8 mos.; Walter Brooks, 7 yrs.
4 mos. : George Bank, 1 yr. 5 mos., and Wil-
liam Kerr, 4 yrs.
MART P. MaeCRELLISH,
Secy. P. O. Asylum. »07 Pine st.
ROOM 9 papered from J3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Tnlr«.
2 OR S furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; between Twenty-first and Twenty-
ninth and Mission and Guerrero sts.
UOOMS WAM'UD.
2 OR 3 furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; between Twenty-first and Twenty-
ninth and Mission and Guerrero sts. Box 103t
MARRIED couple, no children, desire two un-
furnished rooms: permanent If suited. Box
4241, Call.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
MARBIED.
DEXNINGER— BAGG— In thU city, January 15,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. X.' Xelander. Arthur G.
Dennlnger and Mabel Clare Bags, both of
San Jose.
GEBE— HESS— In this city, January U, 1900, by
the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, John F. Gebe
and Frlda Heas. both of Ban Francisco.
SJages cor.neet at Santa Roan for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Sprins;": at Oajaei'tlua for SkaQta
Springs: at OcYCTdafl fcr the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan fiprir.ss. Highland Springs.
Kelsej-vllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Spring; at Uklah for Vichjr
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laural
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Vpper La!c». Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley'a.
BuckneU's. Panhfdrln Heights. Hullvilie. Orr'a
Hot Sprinprs. Mendcvtno City. Fort Brngg.
Westport. Usal. Willitts, Laytonvllle. Cum-
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Oiaea'a. Dyer,
Bcrtia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»-
On Sunday round trio tickets to> all poteta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. I'.O Market st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. l'*a». Acent.
fiflUFOßHifl Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is tbs quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
CojixECTtNO Thais Leaves San Francisco*
S P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
saturday. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in tlins to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at- 5:30
Fvpr»F<C p. m. with Palace and Tourist
iwiiv ca" for Kansas City, St. Ikjuxs,
UAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Talare T>nAT\
and Baiersfield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•fpicz-rt caau Market Street, Phone Main
TKIdUU OUUPt 153 ,. Oaklandf niS Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Saa Francisco via SausaUto Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. Da. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steamrheated closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco ta Summit and Return.
ROSEDALE. 321 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25c a night: $1 a week; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The NavaTre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
eve. — Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. Sc offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmo~e st.
FOLSOM. 565. comer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgt.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows
William Daly, 22, 2008 Powell street, and
Julia Battlsti, it, 22 Vanderwater street.
Joseph A. Gallagher, 23, 1413 Polk street, and
Lauretta G. Marlow, 17, 1500V4 Polk street.
Thomas Hlckey, 42, city, and Mary Flanna-
Ban, 24, city.
Richard P. Qulnn, 26, Watsonvllle, and Min-
nie F. Rowe. 28. Watsonville.
Diedrich Rohrs, 50, city, and Katherlne
Schneider, SO. city. *
Emil F. Steiger, 27, city, and R. Ra« Gibson.
22, city.
Walter Holman. 34, Menlo Park, and Ellen
M. Buckley, 35, 204 Noe street.
Rudolf Moll. 27. 427 Thirteenth street, and
Otlllie Denener, 18, 427 Thirteenth street.
Peter Mecchi, 27, 1020 Montgomery street, and
Rose Luporinl. 17, 417 Broadway.
Lincoln Fitzell, 32, Alvarado. and Bertha
Week. 80. city.
Markus Kahn, 32, 51 Haight street, and Lou-
ise A. Jaknbowski, 45, 61 Haight street.
Florence Silva, 25, 1237 Stockton street, and
Matilda M. Besoaln, 25, 1237 Stockton street.
John A. Merz, 82, Stockton, and Lulia A.
Heeney, 31, Stockton.
George D. Brcwnlee, 47, San Jose, and Char-
lotte B. Herrick, 31. 322 Haight street.
Bernard Moritz. 39, 938 Mission street, and
Marie E. Knecht, 30, 938 Mission street.
Merrltt Henry. 53, city, and Mary L. Sohmoll,
30, city.
Charles O. L'Heureux, 29. 663 Geary street,
and Josie P. Oyen, 22, 5122 Mission street.
Joseph Stein, 27, city, and Mamie Gaffney. 27.
cltj-.
James H. Robinson, 23, 113 O'Farrell street,
and Marguerite L. Young. 27, 129 A O'Farrell.
James E. Mac Donald. 36, 116 Fourth street,
and Gertrude R. Mac Donald, 24, 741 Howard.
Joseph V. Ames, 43, 1528 Pacific avenue, and
CarmelltaE. Fttzharris. 40. 152S Pacific avenue.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT "2 Second— nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms: $150 to $2 50 a week.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. funny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists: elevator; all conveniences.
ROOMS TO HCT Kurn. and I'nfnrn.
A^B^U^SWICK^HOUS £.""148" Si xth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
RAILWAY CO.H PA NY.
Tlbaroa Ferry. Foot o* Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3U. 9:CO. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:13.
3:20. s;lu, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1
and H:&1 d. m.
SUNDAYS— ?:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:50. 3:30.
5:(K>. «:Zo v. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DA Yd— 6:lo, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 end 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m,; 1:40. 3:40. 5.05,
*:25 d. m.
Between Pan Francisco and Schuetseu Par*
same Echwlule an above.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market Bt.. on and after Thurs-
day, February 1, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday, January 26, 1900, at S o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, fc-ui Francisco, January 15, 1900— At
a regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held THIS DAY, a dividend
was declared, payable on and after January
16, 1900. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dirtdend No. 75 • <25c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company. No. 327 Market at., en
and after Saturday, January 20, 1S00. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 12,
1900. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
STEVENSON. 642, bet. Seventh and Eighth,
above Odd Fellows' Hall, near new Postofflce
—2 furnished housekpg. rooms; bath; central.
BORROW on diamonds and jeweU: Dolite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 733—2 nice housekeeping rooms; par-
tits to assist In housework: rent $0 month.
1219 MISSION — Furniched
rooms, complete; no children.
LARKIN. K>4— Laree sunny back room, neatly
furnished for llpht housekeeping If desired; $7.
MARKET. 15SS— 2 fine front sunny rooms; fur-
nished and unfurnished; water; range; large
yard; rer.t $12 to $20.
HARRISON. 7S>4>4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: bath; all modern im-
provements; homelike: $1 week up.
rat'siciAjrs a.vo siuoeos.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NEHVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HAHP TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA, ECZEMA: SiCIN DISEASES;
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES,
Cured where all ethers have failed-
NO DRUGS: NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for reference?. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. ETRATTON. 507. EM and 609, Par-
rott building. (.Over the Emporium.)
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
cisco property fruit ranch 102 acres: value
tSOCO. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
MILI.BRAE lots and blocks: fenced; water
works. BUTTERFIELP. 927 Market st.
TES $3 per acre up: farm list; free fare. M.
GRIFFEN. 719 Market St.. near Call building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. COHEN. 157"Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, ©id gold: send for him. 006 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 20S Third st.: eend postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for ftamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 244 O." rrell. bet. Powell and Mas"n.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M., Ph.D.. 1315 Linden, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1* pares, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RAG carrets wove to order and for sale; also
cher.llle-wove rugs. Fllk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, tn hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper lor club <-.f gentlemen or email private
rarnily; excellent ooik; authentic city refer-
rnr#. A. E. F., 2120 Hush St.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 272 Minna st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has his
parlors crowded dally; latest coiffures. 25«:
njanlc-jrlng:, 25c; Sche?fler"e Colorlne the only
hair dye. 75c box. G. LEDERER, 123 Stocktn
LADIES — Send 2-cent etamp for our booklet
Invaluable to every lady. FAUVRE Import
ing Co.. Sl6 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
LEDEHERS G.CINTONICA,3Scbot. ; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c box, are leading all the
other hair tonic* and shampoos. 123 Stockton.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 75; our
t specialty in remnants allows us to sell
etieaper than ready made. L. LEMOS,
HIT Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; t32 Kearny. near Sacto;
also !644 Market et., under St. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
liclted. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. 733 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 10« gutter «t.. Laws a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
P«nd for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 100 rooms;
2Sc to tl M per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop Hou?e; oysters
ar.y style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
KIGER'S sweepers are ''ie best and cheapest
All kinds repaired and for Bale at 342 Gutter.
STONISIIING offer; $30 to $75 per acre; E to
200 acres; tize tracts to suit; cash, eaay terms
or might take part in exchange: all very
finest; highly cultivated level loam; in most
des-irable location; within 2hi miles, by level
rpiinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
fruit, vineyard, olives, nuts, corn, etc.; now
laitlng immense crops of grain; -unequaled
lor pou'fy business: 2 living creeks; abund-
ance well water; complete of buildings; scat-
tering larpe oaks; would be cheap even at
$100 per acre; better than stated.
N D SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT,
10 Geary Ft., opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F. .
A LIST of Special Bargains— When sending for
my catalocue always 6tate about what Is
wanted, amount to Invest, etc: I'll then also
furnish' a specially prepared list of "snap"
bargains near what you want, not In cata-
lopue. While I make a epecial feature of
Nnpa and Sonoma County places, I'm person-
ally acquainted with over SuCO ranches for
sale or exchange In California— more than any
other ten agents In the State. I travel nearly
all the time, inspecting country property.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent.
10 Geary «t., opp. Chronicle bids., S- F*.
EANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
etock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 5 to 500
acres: rasy terms, or will exchance for San
Franc:«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and Q. C. YACHELL. 20 Monteomery
et. between 11 a. m. and 2p. m. dally. * -. .'- :
LOTTERY DRAWING.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. IXo. Prise.
62150 16:62260 16:62366 40
62427 16J62455 16)62321 IS '
62658 80|62659 16|fi2668 40
6277S 21;62500 40 62556 18
63045 16 6308* 16 63103 40
63117 16 63274 24 63319 '80
63407 HJ63637 16:63647.... .... 40 ,
65684 24163718-. 24 63787 16
63965 16163998 1664163 40
64241 120|64259 1« ! 64403 40
64535 16 64628 16 64833 16
64707 1000164733 80 84500 24
649fi3 120163K15 16 6S6SI 24
65793 16 1 6607» 16|6C225 16
66232 24!66257 40 €6422 16
66445 50|6660!> 18 66661 2t
66673 24j66506 24:66849 40
66945 8067130 SO 67169 18
67714 120J67718 24 67313 18
65135 24 68244 24'5<!667 120
65636 16 88840 40 ; 68937 24
69157. 24 69:36 24 68344 16
69362 1669892 24:03924 24
69933 16 I
70023 16)70033 24 70067 40
70127 24 70272 24|70313 ,18
70376 1670455 24;7<14J3 16
70341 .."¦ 1670593 120170639 16
7073S 16170755 40;70943 24
71051 24|710«l 4071401 IS
71535 16|71543l 40171589 24
71«83 16J71774 120J71557 '40
71914 16J7202S 80:7:055 80
720&5 24 72117 2472132 16
72195 120172241 16!72306 40
72319 16172362 15J72465 16
72505 80 72313. ........ 40J72T.61 40
72647 24 72638 16 72723 24
7259J 16172319 161T2T»54 24
73037 16173081 16173156 ' 40
73438 16 73SSS 19,74023 24
74066 16 74196 40j741!>7 40
74401 1«'74403 16:74424.. 18
74632 16:74633 40J74658 16
•74845 40174923 16173025 16
75073 24173037 24173113 40
75332 80(75367 40J75641 1«
75823 16 75996 80*76023 40
76051 16 76127 80.78159 80
76151 16 76157 80.76334 24
76418 24 76«9 16 756 IS 24
76674 16 76579. ..;.... 16 76J63 13
77103 2477173 24,77185 24
77229 16 77221 40;77333 16 1
7735S 18)77451. ....... 120i7748S 24
77100 1677538 .!.... 24|77fi14 IS
77626 16 77793 SO 77796 80
77553 16 78053 167*056 16
78301 18'7Sei8 16 75632 16
75654 16173673 '... 40'7$7L<2 16
78797 161785P3 16'7S'i?3 18
79153 16|75372 16!79375 16
73444 40i73466 1679.'02 40
D 5.-6 16173516 16.73017 40
80023 16|50031 40;SOOS1 80
80230 40 80273 SOXW63 lfi
80551 24i50563 16180677 IS
80717 80:$074» 84 80834 »
80855 24:8085* M'SOSSS 16
81022 1681121 40!5112S 40
81185 1681233 : 24 ;S 1334 ¦40
81438 J4 81757 18182106 80
82151 2418251S 16 '82691; 40
S27SO 80J82799 16:92VW 24
82563 16|530«0 40*307* 24
83259 t4!f13590 16 Sr,S»3 16
83646 40183708 40 «St>3 21
83866 24183573 24:s:J'<97 12)
84217 16184219 1654258 16
84317 16:84424 80000 SI37S 24
84692 24 84706 24 S4SOS 24
84527 24 84379 16.85148 40
85190 16:83270 18 53291 120
55437.; 24 85623 16 S^iSO 24
85843 80.55J179 2453371 24
55D33 16;8*>2« 14 86043 24
86108 24156170 24 *¦<£,»$ 16
86657 40;56837 16 8(357 80<»
57129 24157144 16 57147 120
87248 16:87279 4057437 -W
87545 24187575 4057551 16
87727 16 88043 40.5507 D 1*
88097 16185257 4'">, 55264 16
88500 SO'SSSO* I6is:il7 24
89128 2489418 16 89460 40
59666 248^705 24 59319 IS
89932 • 40
90042 16J90053 4Cj90204 15
90255 24 90347 .40 30134 1<
90491 24:90767 40 90813 24 !
90829 24i90?47 SO 90534 lrt I
91014 24;D10J1 16:91038 £0
91154 40 51165 1691177 16
91154 80 91374 1209U27 24 I
9K54 1« 91473 101509.. ...... 24
91520 4091717 40,31*87 24 I
91963.. 16|92123 16:32220........ 16
92553 161?2491 2192303 15 I
92530 16 92573 80 92651 18
92733 24 92906 24132312 40 j
S2T-23 16 92977 IS 9239S 16'
53093 2453101 16.&3166 24 I
95331 24193354 5i)93437 1>» j
5C642 8019364S IS -<<3*65 1G
93874 16194027 16;94078 80 \
94119 24:--4377 1M4352 H :
943«0 1694617 24 94703 40
94723 161P4552 16;94533 40 ;
94534 16!945)87 40:94999 80
95011 16J95013 ! 4C!9.'032 40
95064 24;<J3232 50]93335 lfi
95438 18153543 24:55300 80
95750 16'f584? _ 16 36005 IS
96015...:.... 16i96057 40'.960;S 1«
96218 4019639S ' 4C13R470 I>s
96533 50:96344 MB6SK IS
9Cfi7B 16159706 Sfi|9(!3ss .... 15
96394........ 24157061 1R197123 24
97230 16|97496 24;97545 21
97595 .. 16!97fi25 14 97833 40
97871 24197555 lfi 97933 16
97941 16|9799J 2»:9SnC4 24
9SISI 24 95261 14;95333 18
9546S 40 95452: te'W55. ....... 24
95547 16 98560 16 95716 40
98533 80198833 fOisS3<<3 80
99191 40199231 100330 lfi
99383 1699455 16199436 16
90544 40199762 16199797 40
99822 16i99534 24199317 120
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 84,374 to 84,474 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $.V), 000. $40.
100 numbers from 86.807 to 88,907 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the second capital prize of $SOOO. $24.
100 numbers from 32,t>52 to 32.152 Inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the third capital prize of S4OOO, $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 24. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the first
capital prize of $30,000. $3.
999 numbers ending with 57, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $SOOO. $3.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class "A,"* Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers 'which were this
day drawn from the 100. too placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding- to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hondu-
ras, C A., this. Saturday, January 13, 1900.
W. L. CABELL, Commissioner.
$30,000 FOR |2— WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITAL
State of Missouri. City of St. Louis— as.
Prank Xaver Gnlelinsky, being duly sworn,
dotn depose and say that he. is a resident of
1621 North Eighth street. St. Louis, Mo., and
that he is the bonaflde holder of the whole
ticket No. 67.234, Class "M."' Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lot-
tery), drawing of which was held on Saturday,
December 1«, 1839. at Puerto Cortex. Hondu-
ras. C. A., which number drew the first capital
prize of $30. 000.
FRANK XAVER GNTELINSKY.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this De-
cember 22. 1899. FERDINAND DIEHM.
Notary Public
My term expires December 8, 1901.
JlOOO FOR 15 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OP SEC-
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23. 1839,
Before me personally came Mrs. Lizzie Lago-
wlt*, who, being duly sworn, says that she
resides at 164 Madison street. City of New
Tork, that she Is the bona fide owner of one-
eighth ticket No. 82,204 of the Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company, drawing of Decem-
ber 18. 1899, held at Puerto Cortez. Honduras,
C. A., which number won the second capital
prize of $3000. and received the money lr full.
LIZZIE LAGOWITZ.
Sworn to befor* xn«, this 23rd day of De-
cember. 1J99. SAMUEL SUPRIS.
Notary . Publto. New York County.
11000 FOR M CENTS-ONE-EIOHTH OF SEC-
OND CAPITAL PRIZE
We, J. H. Ryan of 555 Park avenue, Brook-
lyn, N. T.. and A. Lampater of 144 Franklin
avenue, Brooklyn. N. V., do hereby swear that
we are the owners of one-^lghth ticket No.
82,204 of the Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany, Class "M," which' was drawn on De-
cember 16, 1839, and that tald number has
drawn the second capital prize of $SOOO, and
that we received the money on presentation of
our ticket, this 23rd day of December, 139*.
JAMES RYAN.
. ANDREW LAMPATER.
. MAX WUSTROW.
Notary Public No. 75, Kings County.
Originals of foregoing affidavits had by presi-
dent of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company).
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••CTncraßX PACIFIC COJIPAST.
tTACiriC SYSTEM.)
Train I«»t« nml ait <ln« to nrrlff at
KAN rs:.»M'SM< f a».
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
THE KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL, Jan. 17.— The regular monthlr
drawing for the month of January of the Can-
adian Royal Art Union by which the wlnnlnj
prises of the Kentncky Lottery are decided was
held here to-day. The first six prizes are as
follows: Xo. 51433. J15.0n0; 79.811. J100O; 56016,
IWOO- 31752. $10CO: 66554. $T.CO: BC:'6;. S'OO. *
LATE SHIPPING IXTELLIGEJfCB.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 17.
Etmr Rival. Johnson. 23 hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 17,
Etmr Alex Duncan, Nopander. — — ?
S^~%l r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ Established
fei * f"~*al"»3 in ISS I for the treatment of Prtvata
f> Jt*r "sil IHseiiaes, Lost Maulmmt Utility or
•&4e"aif<t>«l disease rearing on bodyand mlndand
JSC>"»»i<(t%s'j s - cin Diseases 1 ht'<!cc:i>rc::r^ivhe'j
"them fall. Try him. Char<es low.
mSt££u] tDrettnitrnnlrrd. Callorwrila.
Or. 4. t. UIJBBOXt liox 11/37. suu i't^uci**
WELL furnished room; use of bath and tele-
phone; $6. 1609 Clay st. ; call evenings.
THIRTEENTH. 28S— Sunny front room; fur-
nished; private family. .¦- ¦¦¦" ; - -
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good 'people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TEH A MA. 6&— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
EHIPLEY, 220, rear— l sunny room for house-
keeping; suitable for lady; rent $4.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOBN.
GIBBONS— In this city, at Excelsior Home-
. stead, January 8, 1900, to the wife of Q. A.
Gibbons, a son.
KAHN— In this city, January 15. 1900, to the
wife of I. Kahn. a son.
NEWSHAM— In this city, to the wife of Henry
Newsham, a daughter.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per wesk; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk., mo.
MARKET, S3s— Furnished front room; above
Hale Broß. Apply 108 Eddy st.
HOWARD 829— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
night; $1-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HYDE. 408— Sunny furnished; folding bed; gae,
bath; $10; also single, $7.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
136 HAVES, cor. Van Ness; single sunny room;
rent $6; suitable for gentleman.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission Fts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings;' secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BURNETT. 1426 Market St. (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BRYANT, CEI— A sunny front room for lor 2
gentlemen, with bath: to the right party a
good home: apply after 4 p. m.
housekeeping
OCTAVIA. 411-Sunnv housekeeping and other
ro^ms; $4. }6 and $10: bath, etc.
EDDY. 207— Nice, sunny furnished rooms; g*a;
17 and $S; light housekeeping
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sunny parlors; rooms for
llKht housekeeping; bath; reasonable; private
fitmlly.
PARTXIiIIS WAXTEI).
PARTNER n-anted In a saloon; email capital
required. Inquire NE. cor. Prat anj Kearny
KUOMS i'UK HOUSKKKKPIXG,
A— TWO front nunny room*, kitchen and bed-
room; complete for housekeeping; |7 month.
Apply at Fhoestore, 662 Mission St., bet. First
Ft. and Second st. -' . '
TES. At 1:10. my office.
OFFICIALDRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "A," Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, January 13, 1900. .'.V
No. Prize. No. Priae.|Na Prize.
1« 24 17........ 16 54... 16
97 16 101 16 214 24
254 -16 262... 16 2SO 24
527 16 395 40 483 1«
E« 16 679 H SO6 24
871 16 874 24 889 16
942 .'.. 16 986 40 1000 16
1013 24 1030 -2< 1052 24
10S2 40 1097 24 1155 16
1232 16 1265 16 137S 16
1511 24 1567.: SO 1711 16
1723 24 1776.. 16 1779 80
1564 IS 2011 U 2106 24
2153 80 2324. ..v.... 16 2349 80
2669 16 2761 24 2815,. 16
282S 24 2929 40 23357. 24
2981 IS 3060 16 3065 16
8069 24 3054 40 3302 40
3379 24 3513 24 3627 18
3677 24 3'J!O 40 4225 16
4249 40 4278 SO 4230 2*
4326 40 4103 400 4413 16
4429 24 4522 24 452S 16
4640 24 4745 16 4748 16
4767 120 4951 16 4373 16
6033 ~. 16 5106: 40 5403 24
5408 40 £605 400 6610 SO
6647 80 6649 16 5678 16
6959 16 6207 24 6288 • 80
6262 40 6375....*... 16 6397 24
6468........ 16 6545 40 6587 24
6821 40 6557 16 7083 16
7108 16 7124... 16 7138 24
7256 16 73C6 24 7434 „. 2i
7471 24 7504 40 7634 1G
7709 24 7720 24 7811 16
7866 24 8137 40 82*3 40
8390 24 8701 40 S2S9 80
9303 24 9414 21 9450 18
9660 16 9562 40 9592... 120
9713 24 9723 40 9817 1*
SS3S 24 9573 SO
10118 16 10415 40 10570....^.. 16
10681 40 10757 16U0936 40
1095S 16 11160 16 11239 24
11272 16 11310 S0|ll4« IS
11771. ..^. M 24 11997 24112145 IS
12132........ 24 12233 16J12261 IS
12297 24 12366 24|12412 _. 16
12443 16 12494 16:13033 24
18140 16 13160 40 13194 24
13205 16 13256 24 13398 24
13430 16 13523 16 13585 15
13774........ 40 13789 16 13843 80
13913 40 14060 SO 14076 24
14097 IS 14127 16 14297 18
14349 * 24 14352 .40)14426 40
14452. 16 14982........ 16|-14991 40
15051 40 15065 16 15133 1«
15154 16 15198 24 15357........ 24
15618 16 15636 24 15724 40
15771 120 15524 16 16001 18
16012 40 16109 16 16195 24
1G330 16 16469........ 16 15571.. 21
16069 24 16713........ 40 16737 16
16901 16 16554 24 17363 40
17338 40 17444 ;... If. 17455 40
17490 16 17528 " 40!176f,2 I*
17752 16 17846 24J178K6 24
17956 24118101 24|15102 40
18126........ 16J15171 16JK340 40
IS3S2 24 18559 -40115665 24
18667 £0 18723 15 18860 16
15224 16115997 50|19022 16
15202 40119204 2J115219 16
18305 18 19445 40 19477 80
19546 24|19636 16i19645 24
19684 24ilJ7fi3 16119787 40
20046 1612rt172 ]6;20457 16
20545 16 20581 24 20666 40
20696 80 21136 40121216 80
21255 80 21393 ?4 ! 21539 18
2154S 40121759 16J215C3 16
21515 40J21366 24|21908 40
22051 16 22445 24122498 16
22578 16 22611.; 40i23C50 24
22337 16 23C83 16(23071 24
23275 80 23327 40J23409 16
23527 40 23614 2»;23799 80
24113. 16 24130 16124168 IS
24193 24*24220 1624254 16
24322 40124418 16J2453S 16
24DC3 16 24596 40124623 SO
24702 40124751 16124786 16
25099 16;25247 1625360 24
25457 1625523 i0|2"»27 40
25F.30 1625578 16J25794 40
25&41 40 21941 16J26005 4')
26092 80 2fi'»3 24126218 80
26338 16 26471 40)26481 80
26523 1612<5!>47. ....... 4C27069 16
27200 4027299 1G127331 40
27333 24127344 24127413 16
2756S 40 27626 16127653 16
27728.. 16 27793 16i27873 24
279C8 - 40|28077. ....... J4125163 16
23154 16;2&222. ........ 24|25416 40
25514 40125653 4MM2874Z 24
25766 40|25516 40125875 18
28977 8012M53 16129076 40
29112 16)29141 50|21'230 16
29236 16125307 16129347 16
29430 80129459 24i29504 24
29314 24(29.-30........ 1629542 16
29546 - 24J29762 24J2951S 80
29964 SO I
30071 16130156 40UW39 IS
80450 80|31015 80 31086 40
31315 1631323 £0131334 16
317 a 16(31779 15|31543 80
31564 16132103 4000J::2191 21
32214 16132239.. 16(32285 IS
82529 1613257S 40132742 80
32553 40032903 24i329C5 C. 80
23121 16 33171 IP 33309 16
33332 24 33339 21 33C00 I*s
83648.:::::.; 1623575 4033794 «
33535 24133556 24|33)5j9 24
34076 :::. 24:34120 ie|3m2 40
34344 : ... 16134524 24 34598 24
34751 ""...I 16S4S2* 24(34951 16
34998 16 85213 24135359 16
35423 24 35512 16J35575 24
§5697 16 35721 SO 35841 16
35565 .... 16 36046 16 36261 16
38325 .:" 16 36333. SO 36350 120
36C02. 16 36771 24 36809 24
3C539 16 26557 24 37078 24
37127 .:.. 16537282 40 37250 16
57309 24|87443 4.0 37446........ 16
376' i ".I 16 37654 120137741 16
37757 .: 80 37873 I«!37SM 16
38059::: . 16 35123 40135137 16
3*'4< ~ 24 38251 1«|35266 16
3?=63 40 3M15 4M35419 40
38429 ...... 16 38447 24 38471 16
35547 " 1«88T28 16 38936 24
35951 ...... 16J38370 :. 16 39029 16
39038 .. 1639119 24)39127 16
39151. ... 2439550. 16)39619 24
. 1639774 24133783 80
395c3. # :::::.. w 39596 120J59904 24
ioocl::. ¦;:::: " u<*m » <w«>
Joisl 1640216 !4 40262 24
40341. • ... 16140427 IS 40469.., 16
40617 ".... 16 40626 16 40552 -24
40559 "~. 2*40923 16 40032 24
41060 ... 16 41066 16 41092 40
«215 80 41220 16 41248 18
41252 ::::... 24413% 24141324 40
41351 16 41705 16J41775 16
41780" 40 41513 16 41827 40
J«W 80 42167 16 42180 m 16
42-wi .... 16 42333 80 42396 80
rW6" .... 16 42688 16 42766 16
42818 ". 16 42916 24 42968 24
42986 ..;.... 12043022 2443061 80
Jswlv I!.: «>«3u lejam 16
43U0 SO 43445 40 43458 24
43619 . 2000 43796 24 43892 40
44085 16 44223 16 44322 40
44653 .... 16 450T9 24 45189 1*
4544J 120 45471 16 45516........ 40
\llll I 4045718 24 45761 16
irSo? 24 40OSS 16 46143 24
Hi?! — :::: -wJisM 2445559.. 24
Igiir 40 46675 24 46828 16
40T?5 .' 24 46913 40 46968 18
JtotI:::: «»«im 1447264... .15
47274 ".t 80 47323 16 47357 • 16
47458 40 47478 40 47494 24
?7^2 24 47593 40 47613 80
S ::n »«!» 2*^32 so
JS?j 16 47956........ 40 48179: 16
*Al£ - 24 45159 24 45343 18
i^?g 40 45398 16 43447 40
Heu"'"::: JJww i« «?s2 i»
4«542" 8V48544 24 48967 .-. IS
4,ti7 '; 16 49229 16149333 16
4^429 16 49437 80 49493 24
49623* . 16 45654 40
50128"" ." 16 50380 24 50432 16
5M96 J 24 60507 40 50540 24
E0546 : H 16 60569 24 50627 40
60682.;::: mi i« 50729......... 2450957 40
61134* .! 40161204 40151318 24
61414 . 24(61508 16J51541 SO 1
6«75 16151617 2451644 40
51*84 : 16 51931 40 52076 40
52iii 24 52290 24 52313 16
62G10"::.... 16 52614 40 52851 24
6*579 - 16 52891 24 52507 40
r)r )2 9«3 . 4052947 24 53041 24
53374":::... Ie 53444 1653557 24
53G03 120 53698 24153743 24
6353 \ ..... 40 53856 16153877 16
53*34" ........ 16 54004 16 54019........ 16
54031 . 80 54051 40154256 16
64404"*::... 24 54453 16)54476 16
64607"' ' 40 5464S 80 54704. 24
64822 . .. .... 1684989 40155020 16
65970". .... 2465103 40 55152 24
65165 .... 16 56222 16156252 24
|^6 ." 16 55466 24 55534........ 16
5553 8 "; - 18 66682.. , 19 55391 ¦ 1«
I'Sll' 16 55736 31 55766 80
65555 ...... 80 55837 16155903 24
?5972 16 56160 24166373... 24
66462* .... 16 56503 120iC6636 SO
5^93"; 16 56891... 18 56967......... SO
67031 1000 57179 16;57191, 15
57237 16157394 24 57396........ 16
67454* 40 57461 40 57475 18
67590 • 4057976 16 58057 " 80
CSOS7: S4 55203 80 6534J J6
55438........ 16 88524 16 58609.. 16
55631... 16 65831 16 59005 24
69273 24 59310 40 5?37S 24
5944' .... 16 59631 24 59674 4C
59593": 16 59711.. 16 59838 1(
cV.B3 40 69557 16 59996 16
60001 - 2460487 16 60621 .4C
60604 24 60607 24 60623 If
60652.. .4060693 18 60717. 1(
60782........ 24 60924........ 24 60927 ' V.
60942.. 40 61043 S4 61117... 4«
61298 40 61330 24 61373.. 4(
61401.. 24 61523... 40 61534.. 2i
61696.. ' 16 61734 80 61840 1(
61871... * 24 61380........ 24 61858. ....... --"'.H
62018........ lfi) 62019 16 62049 2;
pel, and beloved nephew of Mrs. R. Harlock,
Mrs. Jacob Bar. Mrs. M. Edmonds and Mrs.
Daniel Stewart, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 3 months and 19 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ENGELHARDT— In this city, January 15, 1900,
Mary Engelhardt (nee McFadden), beloved
daughter of the late James and Ellen Mc-
Fadden, and sister of Mrs. H. Apple, James
and John McFadden and the late Samuel Mc-
Fadden, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years 8 months and 13 days. 1
C^Friencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
FEENEY— In this city, January 17, 1900, at her
residence. 388 Linden avenue, Mrs. Catherine
Feeney, beloved wife of the late Nicholas
Feeney, and mother of Mrs. Joseph Dempsy,
and Andrew and Edward J. Feeney, a native
of County Galway, Ireland, aged 68 years.
KTNotice of funeral hereafter.
FLEISCHER— In Rio Vista, January 18. 1900,
Infant daughter of Ben and Carrie Fleischer,
a native of Rio Vista.
HAMPTON— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of Mrs. Mary Hampton at St. Ignatius
Church to-morrow (Friday), commencing at
8 o'clock. Friends are Invited to attend. +
HEIDER— In Phoenix, Ariz.. January 15, 1900,
Ernest F. Helder. husband of Maggie J.. Hei-
dcr, and father of Annie and Kobert Helder.
a native of California, aged 34 years 1 month
and S days.
HUNTER— In Oakland, January 17. 1900. Mary
* E., wife of Richard R. Hunter, a native of
Pennsylvania, ageft 63 years and 23 days.
JOSSELYN— In this city. January 16, 1900, Mrs.
M. A., widow of the late Caotaln A. S.
Josselyn, and mother of Ada M. and Wil-
liam M. ' Josselyn. a native of Canada.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 3
o"clock, from her late residence, 608 Cole
street. Interment private. . . *
LE BRETON— In this city, January 17, 1900,
Julia Le Breton, widow of Edouard Le Bre-
ton, and beloved mother of Albert J. and Ed-
ward J. Le Breton and of the late Mra. M.
A. de Lavega, aged 69 years.
(n7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, corner of Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
rell street. Interment Mount Calvary . Ceme-
tery.
LITTLE— In this city, January ¦ 16, 1900, Wil-
liam H. Little, beloved son of William and
the late Maria Little, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years and 19 days.
C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LOWRIE— In Centervllle, Alameda County,
January 16, 1900, Annie, wife of George P.
Lowrie, and sister of Mrs. A. Charvoz, Mrs.
H. P. Dyer, Mrs. J. W. Atkinson and J. H.
Ralph, aged 25 years 8 months and 19 days..
IETThe funeral will be held this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, at Centervllle. Interment Decoto
Cemetery. • .V '
LUNNY— In this city. January 16, 1900, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Bernard Lunny, and
mother of Mrs. William Vanderwater. Mrs.
J. J. CalHUy. Mrs. William Beckwith. Mrs.
P. Gallen, Mrs. J. Green, Mrs. William Stone
and E. J., William. H. M.. J. B. and T. H.
Lunny, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
E3'The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 16 Converse street, off Bryant, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
McCOY— In this city. January 16. 1900. Thomas
McCoy, a native of lowa, aged 30 years.
MAHONEY— In this city, January 16, 1900,
Michael, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Mary Ann Mahoney, and brother of Frances
and Mary Mahoney and the late Katie and
Acnes Mahoney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 4 months and 13 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 752 Harrison street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN —In this city. January 16, 1900,
George A., eldest and dearly beloved son of
Oscar E. and SoDhle Martin, and brother of
Victor- Martin, a native, of West Berkeley,
aged 6 years 3 months and 9 days.
MEYER— In Sacramento, January 17, 1900, John
Christopher Meyer, beloved son of the late
Benjamin and Anna W. Meyer, and brother of
Mrs. J. L. Regner and Emma Meyer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 11 months
and 24 days. Member of Stanford Parlor No.
76, N. S. O. W. . ¦
(ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister. Mrs. J. L. Regner. 942 Geary street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STANFORD Parlor No. 76, N. 6. O. W,— Mem-
bers are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, J. C. Meyer, to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, from 942 Geary street. By
order of the parlor.
WILLIAM H. DICK, President.
FRED H. JUNG. Recording Secretary.
MOONEY— In this city, January 1«; WOO, Mich-
ael Mooney, beloved brother of Cornelius
Mooney, Mrs. Henry C. Boyd. Mrs. Patrick
Kelly of Napa City and Mrs. Ann McNamara
of San Francisco, a native of Tullamore.
Kings County, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. Mr. Cornelius Mooney, City
Hall avenue and Leavenworth street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street; where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his eoul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
MOURET— An anniversary, high mass will be
celebrated at the French Church, Bush street,
for the repose of the soul of the late Marcelln
Mouret. husband of Mary Mouret. on Satur-
day, January 20, -at 10 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited.
NASH— In this city, January 16, 1900, Julia A.,
wife of the late Thomas Naah, and beloved
mother of John and Katie Nash, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 715 Valencia street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALLESEN— In Santa Clara. January 17, 1900,
Lucy D., beloved wife of Chris Pallesen,
daughter of the late John and Margarette
Hetty, and sister of Charles J., Louts B. and
Julius -F. Hetty, Mrs. Ph. Sassenrath and the
late Mrs. R. B. Roll, a native of Santa Clara,
aged 36 years and 6 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence at Santa Clara.
PANGBURN— In this city, January 17, 1900,
Earl Panpburn, a native of lowa, aged 14
years 8 months and 9 days.
PATTON —In this city, January 16, 1900,'
Thomas Patton, beloved husband of Mary M.
Patton, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
PEARSON— In this city. January 17, 1900, Ruth
E., beloved daughter of Edwin and Alice
Pearson, and sister of Wallace E., Jessie.
Alma A. and Richard H. Pearson, a native of
Ban Francisco, afced 7 years.
PROVOST— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17, 1900, Thomas Provost.
ROURKE— In this • city. January 16, 1900,
Thomas Joseph, beloved husband of Mary
Rourke, and father of Thomas, Mabel, Alfred,
Myrtle and Nuta Rourke, a native of Grass
Valley, Cal., aged S7 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances art respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 694 San Jose avenue, between
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth streets,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem «ma»s will be celebrated for the re-
po«e of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. January 17. 1900, Nellie,
-beloved daughter of Patrick and Delia Ryan,
sister of Christopher. Delia, Annie and Mary
Ryan, and niece of William Ryan, Mrs.
John Ryan and Mrs. James Nolan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 12 years II months
and 16 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respectv
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow*
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her Barents. 912 Folsom street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where services will be
held for the repose of her soul, ¦ commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SEAWALL— Entered Into rest. In this city,
January 14. 1900. Miss Cora Seawall, In reli-
gion Sister Cora.
E7"Servlces will he held at St. Anna's
Chapel, Old Ladies^ Home. 211S Golden Gate
avenue, this day (Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock.
Interment private.
SHEAR— In East Oakland. January 16, 1900.
Mary Shear, a native of New York, asred SO
years 1 month and 22 days.
SMITH— In this city. January 17, 1900, Jane
Smith, beloved mother, of Mrs, Ellen Reed
and Mrs. H. Daggett. a native of Balasco,
Canada, aged 82 years.
(ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at I o'clock, from the Good Samari-
tan Mission. Seoond street, near Folsom. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from First and Harrison streets.
TEUBERT— In San Lorenso, January 16, 1900,
Elizabeth, widow of the late Herman Teu-
bert, and mother of Charles, Rlckle, Bessie
and Thomas Teubert. aged C 8 years and 10
months. ,
{pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at J o clock. Interment San
Lorenzo Ceirietery.
WALTON— In this city, January 17, 1900, Mar-
tin C, husband of Josephine M. Walton, and
father of Flora May and Martin C. Walton
Jr., a native of Chicago, aged 51 years 1
month and 25 days.
WEST— In this city, January 16, 1900. Mrs.
Louisa West.- dearly beloved mother of Alice
E. West, and daughter of Mrs. S. A. Camp,
a native of Bristol. England, aged 42 years
and 11 months. • - - ¦ :
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:80 o'clock, from her late
residence. 128 Locust street, near Van Ness
avenue. Interment Masonic Cemetery, ._ . -
LOTTERY DRAWING.
PERSONALS.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives no-
tice that the following orphans and half or-
phans have been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to December 81. 1899:. May Thorn,
5 yrs. 1 mo. ; Jennie Huseenot, 8 yrs. ; Amelia
Hussenot, 2 yrs. 6 mo.; Isabella Mills, 4 yrs.
1 mo.-; Anita Roadlet, 2 yrs.; Virginia Klrby,
4 yr». 1 mo.; Annie Kearney, 6 yrs. S mo-
Annie Farren. 8 yrs.; Nellie Farren, 6 yrs.- 2
mo. ; Helena Grlphen, 2 yrs. 6 mo. ; Ellsa Bar-
dlnska, 8 yrs. 2 mo. ; Johanna. Daley, 10 yrs.;
Mary Daley, 9 yrs.: Martha "Valient, 6 yrs.;
Alice Valient, 3 yrs. ; Anneta Alvlso. 6 yrs. ;
Geneva. Alyiso, 9 yrs.; Gadulupe Alvlso, 8
yrs.; Antonia Hus&enot, 6 yrs.; Albert Kear-
ney. 8 yrs. 8 mo.; Willie Farren, 3 yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Grlphen, 5 yrs. 6 mo.; Charles Foun-
tain, i yrs. 7 mo. ; Howard Jenkins, 5 yrs. ;
Joseph Broderick, 2 yrs. 6 mo.; Cella Pf"tin.
6 yrs.: Irene Basana, 4 yrs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
$ISOO— BARGAIN; large 1%-«tory. high stoop,
bay-window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double doors; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stalr-
cate and 6%-foot newel post; parlor 14x17.
wainscoted dining room 12x14; sitting room
SV^xl4; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster com-
ic«»; pantry, glass clonet, etc.: 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance under bay;
lot 25x120. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end;
magnificent view; all for J1S0O; no agents. J.
W. NEWTON. 1330 Twelfth aye.. near X St.,
Sunret district, S blocks from Golden Gate
Park.
NKK cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller «ts.. near Haight; over SO
house* cold in same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet; safe, reliable! take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. - "Relief for
Ladles," in letttr by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city on country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montgomery Bt.. rooms. 9-10: tel. BRIO.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought. Bold; machine
supplies. (Standard Agency, 145 Sixth at.;
phone Mint 45.
AL.Lt kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates, i 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AKD .WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5718.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 Webster st.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— QO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE:.
$50 CASH. J? 50 monthly till paid for; chicken
run, lSox2i6; Bandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; level land; siti», climate and soil the
best; no foes or cold winds; 3 buildlngrs now
completed; Westall tract, adjoining East Oak-
land, clog* to electric car line. 90-foot boule-
vard and fine school; price, all told. $550; call
or Fend for circular, 455 Seventh street, near
corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
THE first-class, old-established business; good
reasons for selling; rare chance. E. E.
BUNCE, SOS Broadway. Oakland.
UCAva — From Peoe«b;-:r 13, 1399. — akkctw
•7:00.1 Eraicia, Snlsnn, Etalra, VaerrClfly
liuiascy and Hacnoento •7:43»
•7:O«U Shasta Esprrss-DiTi* Willows.
Revl Bluff Periled "Z-.iSr
•7»3» * Martinez. .Saa Haracn. Vallejo. Xspa,
C'alistccaf.nlß.inta Kosa »«iia»
•8:30 a ThoOTerl-.EdLixltei!— Ogden, Den-
tct, Oiraha. l'hi»;jo # sil3ji
*Si3O* 8»n Jose. LiTcrrsore, Stockton,
Inr.s, hacrmmenta, Flaet-rtille,
. • M»rjs»»lle. ClifcOi Ke<l Ululf «4ilSp
».HtSO\ •Milton. Oak dale and .-:cno» "*xfB»
•9:OOa Hiywar.'s, Nikaan.l Wry HSations. •tl:IS«
•9:O«a DaTia, WcotUard, Kcis^ta Landing.
M;rjsTi!le, «>ro»i.lo_ *7j43»
• 0:OOa Atlantic I'.irrcsa— O^den and Easi # U;43a
•S:OOa Jtlartlnor, Trier. Latlirop. Stockton.
llcrcd anil fc'rcsno. •I»sl3»
•KiOiii Port Costs. Fresno. Alojato ami l.oa
Angeles : »oj-I3p
•lOsOOa Yallvjo, MaUtaes and VT ay .Stations •4»»*3»
•1 1:OOa Hi.yx.ir.l3, Nlloa u>J Way Stations. •-: 13a
• I3:OOH NUC3, LiterEore. Stcchton, Sacrv-
¦acnto, Mcndota. I!pi:(or.l, Vu:til4,
PcrUniUo M:IS»
fl:OOp Sacramento I rifer Sinners iS:OOr
•3:©Or Haywards, Nilesand Waj Stations. 'OjlSf
•4:«>»r Msrttaer, Hati Bamon, Valle'o,
Napa, t'alUtoga, Santa Itci3a •OjlS*
*4i«Or He rkia, VacuTillc, Haerainento,
TCooil'ami, X: ;.:!:U Landins,
MirpTllSe. Orotillo «IW9«
•4i3o*KHes, t-'an Joeoand Stockton *7il3F
•s:OOrThn Oirl Licitcd-Tracy, Fresno.
Bakcr3fieltl. t-aujws fcr bant* Ea«<-
bara, Lrs 'Angeles •l«»t*3A
«3:0»r Bursct Lifted— £l Tieo. New O*.
karstcd Exst «I©»43a
•3j3op Btocfcton, Jlcrcctt, Fresno 'UMir
•Sittttp Vt i-mio, UakersiieM. Santa Rt\rt<«ra,
Los Angclea. Dcmiufj. El l'aso.
New Orleaua and East •Ss-il «
•3i3or Hanta ! ¦> Konte— Atlaiillo Ejpreaa
for !Mo]a»» mid Vml 'Oi43*
•oK>Or Ilaywarda, NQas and San Joao •7>4-">*
t«::X0r Vallejo •13«1."*r
•C:3» r Oriental Mail— Oplen and Eart 'SiSOr
J7:oor V-IU-j. , 1\ it Ccjta and V.ay Sta-
tions. . '. l«: 53 r
•BsO3p Orcgo:i and California i:*iirog.», H^o-
riuucnto, Marjsvillp. Ue*lhi(f,
IVrtlnmi. Piig->. and t::tat »»il3j|
09AST DIVISION (Nnrrow <iaa K p).
(Foot «.t ;i::rk::!i Street.)
•»:l.>*i<eTr:u:r.CVnterT::le > .S'aa.laT,>.l : >lr<>n,
Ik»i!<ler Creek, baniaC'r-.izaml Vbj
Butioiis •Sta+9
t2il3r Ncwirfc, C'entertllle, Ban Jci«. New
Almaden, Felton. Itcmhiei Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'riaclpal Way
BUtlona *IO:.VI4
•-$ :1 3 p Newark, Hau Jose, Lcs Gatna. HJrao*.
11 1: lop IlnntcrV i:-s-;-.tr,i n. Sac Jose and
Way StaMo-a flitOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrrasis macaco— rout of a«.:ct $tmt(sn»s>—
•7:15 000 11.00 a.m. }LC3 •fcCCI t3:C3
•t:C3 JS:O3 *3::3i\m.
rr«3>olUlND — Fool pfiir..: »i»a;. —¦::¦.'' o 8:00 20:00 A.M.
t!2:C3 "1:03 tS:S3 *3::3 t*:C3 •frSZr.il.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gaas«).
(Third arid Townaeisd St-».)
' fOiIOA Ocean View, South tiintKrancifci).. |«>:3«p
•7«OO» San Josj anal Way BtoUuna (^'ew
Alma li-n Wctli^adiysnuly) m liiOT
.•9iOO*Han ,)<i.-. Tres Tiiioa, Hant»> Cm;
I*aci:ic tirorc. i'.i.; ¦ Itobleai Bau
f I.nis 1.l is: ". finrf. Lorapoc a.i 1
riincipal Xtuf Slaticius M:10p
: •IO:I«* ftau .lose nnd W«y .Stithma •«:334
. •lIiSOa San Jnso and Way .Station* *3:30 v
rtitbr San Mat^o. Ucdwood, Mania Paxk,
} • Fair) Alto, Hanta Clanv San .lose,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cm* Saiiaaa,
Monterey :imt I'acific <IroTe tl^J-Oi
I »3x»Op Han.losoMid V.'ay Ktations *7:3t»r
41>13r San Joaeand Principal Vvay Stations # 9:1.1*
[ 43:OOrfian.Io8eandrrincipalWa7 Stations t«:O»A
•3:3«p San Jose and Princina. Way Stations *»:3.1*
•O:»Uc Pan Jose ami Way Stations tM:i»« A
' t |l:t5 '" San JcatandWay Statinns *7;^Wp
A for Mon.ing. I* for Afternoon.
• Daily. t rtnmlar exrepteil t Sunday only.
l< Saturday rn'j.
. and Fiidsis c Tburadays and Bondars.
j CALSOSNU NoaTa¥EsTEfiif BY. Cd
XjII3SSSJEj
SAH FHAIiGiSGO AND HOBTH PACIFIC
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
CLAY. £421. near Fillmore— 2 Urge uofurnliifced
rooms: yard; water: rear: rent $7.
PHOI'EKTY WAjiTKD.
W A NTED^4O~to~IOO acres, part alfalfa land,
with wood and water; 20 miles of San Fran-
cisco; less than SlOvO. Particulars to box 2i33,
ChII
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the ISth day
of December, I«S9. an assessment (No. 7) of
one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
1800, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February, l!>00. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
327 Market «t.
KUAL BSTATK CITY KOll SALIi.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
KEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
S MONTGOMERY STREET.
Sutter-et. corner investment, 12\% front by
S7 1 * feet de«"p; covered with 6 good houses; rents
1217 50; pays S per cent net: $25,500.
Corner California and Buchanan sts. ; S4x7o.
and fine residence. 14 rooms and 2 baths; $15.>».
Clay el., near Polk, 42x127V* and 3 houses;
rents $77; reduced to $10,250.
P-wt-Ft. residT.ce, near Van Ness aye.; 27% x
120; 12 rooms: reduced to $xioo.
McAllister St.; fine corner flats; rents $116;
lot ST'iXl'.n); this 6lde Devisadero st.; $17,000.
Webster St.; S hou»es; rents $100; 5 rooms ar.d
bath in each; large lot; $13.5U0.
EUis-st. corner, near Franklin: 34x120; Im-
provements; rents $105; $3i'X» lately epent on
the property ; $16,500.
V«-ry fcne residence and let: north sld» Cali-
fornia St.. near Buchanan; 27VixlS74: the house
is a stylish and very solid one; rents $55: $S5OO.
Waehlngton-st. residence; $M0O; nearly new;
. Etory. .;-••. v-r.: and attic, t rooms, basement,
*tc;-fln<? home in a good neighborhood; be-
tween Scott and Devtsadero sts.
Golden Gate-aye. 2-story residence, near
Gough St.: 174x120; S rooms, etc.; $7530.
Two Polk-st. Cats, near Eddy; each lot 27Hx
X 5 *; 3 Sats; rents $%S; $12,000 each.
Poet £t. : 71.X137 1 * and fine 2-etory cottage; fine
grounds; $i0»«>; make offer.
$12.S!X>— Rents $W; residence and fiats; lot Esx
129 to rear street; Fell St.. north side, between
Buchanan and Webster.
Washing-ton et.. near Broderick; 43^x100;
rents $S3; $12,00').
Corner Pine and Frarklin; 6*«ixll9, with good
residence; rent $30; $20.(XX).
THOMAS MAGEE A SON 3
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
GIRARD House, 1?2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Nicely furnished
front room: private family; reasonable.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished rooms; 76 cents
and $1 per week.
BOL, GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUTLDINQ.
HEADQUARTERS TOR PARK LOTS.
Do you doubt the prosperity of San Francisco
now?
OUR BARGAINS IN SUNSET AND RICH-
MOND.
$sW— *th aye.. bet. M and N sts.; graded and
sewered.
$550— Sth aye., bet. X and L sts.; graded and
sewered.
ITiw— *th and 9th area., bet. J and K. sta.-
graded and sewered.
$250 to $40 f >— Near 19th-ave. boulevard, oddo-
eite Strawberry Hill.
«490—CLEMENT ST.. NEAR 22D AYE
$C>o— 11th aye.. near Point Lobos aye. and
boulevard: graded.
$700 to $500— Cholcert lots; east of 12th aye.
$TS to $200 — Level: Ocean boulevard and Mls-
aion st. lots; near electric cars; all on ln-
ftallinesrts.
Sunday and erery day at branch office. »th
Call for Mans and Diagrams.
BOL. GETZ & BROTHER, Crocker bldg>
ROTAL House. 12? Ellis rt.— Incandescent light,
reading room smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. Jsc to $1 DO; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to J3O; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
FOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A" CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
JCow for a Prosperous Era for San Franclßco.
$209 to $490 — Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from H to X st. ; $5 monthly.
tTjno to tW— Choicest lots in Sunset; streets
graded end sewered; $10 monthly.
$100 to trw— Level lots near Mlsalon-st. eleo-
mond; easy terms.
tlO9 to S2s&— Level lots near Mlsslon-rt. eleo-
tric car line; only $S monthly.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
P.OOM "A" CROCKER BUTLDINO.
3=
A. M. EPECK & CO. €67 MARKET ST.
. ¦ All Selected Bargains.
A— $140,000; grand buy; near Chronicle; rents
K23 net.
A— tTS.OOO; rents $4000 per year; «0-foot corner.
Bear Tivoll. .
A— si6.ooo; fine buy; 4-« tory brick; near Or-
pheum; lot 36 feet front; all rented.
A—s4S,ooo; rents $4000 per year; Sixth-st. cor.
A— J2I.UOO: business property; rents $2SO; new
building.
A— ta,ooo; rent* $200; new; all rented.
A— sli.SOo: rents $135; corner on Leavenworth
•t.; mortgage $12,000.
A— 512,500; rents $100; business property: near
llale's ctore.
A— $7500; rents $75; 8 elegant fiats, nr. Haight.
A— s6ooo: rents $60: Post Et. ; 3 nice flats; S. E.
•or. Twentieth *t. end Lexington aye.; 8 rooms
and bath; want offer.
A— s4soo; rents $4u; California St.; 3 good flats.
FORECLOSURE sale— 12000: two choice flats of
i. rooms each, renting fcr $1*; make offer. At
810 Valley Bt.. near Noe, or SPECK & CO.
CC7 Market et.
DIED.
Collet. Clementine Meyer. John C.
Curran. Ann Mooney, Michael
Dippel, Harry W. Mouret. Marcelin
Engelhardt. Mary Nash. Julia A.
. Feeney. Mrs. C. Pallesen, Lucy D
Fleischer (infant) Pangburn, Earl
Hampton, Mrs. Mary ¦ Patton, • Thomaa
Helder, Ernest F. Pearson. Ruth B.
• Hunter. Mary E. Provost. Thomas
.Tnsselyn, Mrs. M. A. Rourke. Thomas J.
Le Breton. Julia Ryan, Nellie
Little. William H. Seawall. Miss Cora
Lowrie. Annie Shear. Mary
Lunny. Elizabeth Smith. Jans
McCoy. Thomas Teubert. Elizabeth
Mahoney, Michael Walton. Martin C.
Martin. George A. West. Mrs. Louisa
COLLET— In this city, January 17, 1900, Mrs
Clementine Collet, beloved wife of the late
Fortune Collet, and mother of Mrs. Adele
Keolng, Mrs. Clementina Ingersen and Eu-
gene and Alphonse Collet, a native of France
aged 62 years 3 months and 1 day.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday
January 20, at 10 o'clock, from the Pacific
Undertaking Parlors, 777 Mission street, near
Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
CURRAN— In this city, January 16, 1900, Ann
beloved wife of the late Michael Curran, and
loving mother of Thomas E. Curran. Mrs
William F. Kelly of Jersey City and Mrs!
E. G. Schulz. a native of Virginia. County
Cavan. Ireland, aged 70 years. (New Jersey
papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2838 Mission street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-nfth., thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DIPPEL— At the residence of his parents. 316
Railroad avenue south. South San Francisco
January 17, 1900, Harry W. Dippel, dearly
beloved and only son of John and Eliza DiD-
pel, beloved brother of Llda and Cora Dip-
. Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i October 15, ¦
Week I Sun- m>. Sun- Week
Days. ' days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 3:40 am
3:30 pra 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm.10,-2.". an\
5:10 pm S:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton.
7:30 ant Windsor, 10:25 am
HeaMsbuix.
Lytton.
Geysi»rvi:ie,
S:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:!0 am JHopland and!
8:C0 amf Uklah. 7:ffi pm 6:23 pn»
7:20 ami j 10:?5 an*
I 8:00 am' Guerneville. 7:35 pm|
3:30 pm 1 j ' j 6:1? pra
7:30 am B:Coam Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 ara
and
6:10 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. B:C3 pm' 6:21 pra
7:30 am S:CO am Sebastopol. 10:40 am'to:l.*> an
3:30 pmi S:CO pm . T:Z3 pm| 6:2:.' pra
PRIZE.
11
Lkind." retorted McEnerney. "plans and
specifications? Do you want tha name
of every man in the department? What
are you going to do?" '
"Nothing," said the Mayor, and that
was the way he bought and sold the Flra
Department of this city for votes. And
he dare not deny it In a court of Jus
tice.
These are facts and charges that ought
to cover Mayor Phelan In humillatioa
and shame. But what has he done to de
fend himself? He complains in pleading
that The Call threatens to expose his
private character. The Call has attempt
ed to do nothing <?f the sort. It knows
nothing of his private character and
does not want to know. But what i 3
there in it that will not bear the light of
inquiry? •
Seeking to cloud the serious Issue that
he has forced upon the people of the city
Mayor Phelan says that he has been at
tacked because he would not appoint tho
proprietor of this paper a memoer of tho
Police Commission. In this he tells a de
liberate, malicious lie that possesses no
more signincance than its cheap cunning.
He declares that had it not been for the
objection of M. H. de Young he would
have appointed the proprietor of The Call
to the commission. Again he lies, as M.
H. de Young declares that he voiced no
objection to any appointment.
Frantic in his desire to escape the con
sequences of his official crime, he raises
the smoke of religious controversy that
he may escape in it from the castigatioa
of honest men. He says that The Call
threatened him with tne libelous publi
cation of the words of a Catholic priest.
That priest is one who has earned a po
sition of respect In this community. The
words he said were in righteous indigna
tion of the Mayor's duplicity. They wera
not published because The Call did not
then wish to introduce a religious bit
terness into a political campaign. They
are published now to prove to the Mayor
that they were not. libelous. He dare not
attempt to prove them otherwise.
And thus he stands, his character
smeared by dishonorable actions, his pub
lic life exposed as a cheap and dangerous
sham, masking a selfish ambition and a
criminal conspiracy to make those that
have elevated him to office the victims of
his future. He has sold away the peopled
rights. He has delivered them bound to
blackmailing schemers. He has set on
foot the machinery of bribery, corruption
and official crime. Will the Police Com
mlssloifFrs of San Francisco consummate
the conspiracy that will drag them down
to the low level of dishonor In which th*
Mayor reposes?
MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN has convicted him
self over his own signature of the crime of which
The Call accuses him. He has revealed himself
as a political trickster, playing fast and loose with the
scoundrels that have infested local politics and have made
our institutions a shame and a menace. The Call accuses
him of a crime that cuts deeper than his convenient official
ism. This charge attacks him as a man and a citizen; it re
flects upon and stains his personal honor, yet he dare not
enter a court of justice to defend his good name.
He dare not deny that as a cunning political huckster
he bartered away a great institution as the price for votes.
He pleads that he has the vindication of votes to sustain
him. He perhaps remembers that a Durrant pleaded once
a previous goofl character to save his neck, but the plead
ing was in vain. That Mayor Phelan was- not caught be
fore in criminal political manipulation is no sufficient rea
son why he should not be held up now to public scorn as a
man who sacrificed his decency and manhood to satisfy an
ambition by dishonorable means. The Call again charges
him with the commission of a felony that may injure the
people of the whole city, and defies him to come from the
nest of his pals to defend his good name.
_»-»-t-t..?..«..»..t..t__t._t..t..t. » ?»»»».«.. ... .... r*." 1 . "¦"_¦ . . _ . .
Before election Mayor Phelan made a criminal contract to deliver control of the Police
Department to A. M. Lawrence. After election the Mayor sought to evade the payment of
the price that had been exacted In his dishonorable bargain. Lawrence had several confer
ences with him and came to the conclusion that the Mayor Intended to give him the "double
cross." He then sought Garret W. McEnerney, and with him went to the Mayor to demand
that which his Honor had criminally promised and what he sought as a trickster to with
hold. At that conference McEnerney used the quoted words and Mayor Phelan kept hia ante
? election, felonious bond.
Bartlett Spring?, when the Mayor, Esola
and A. M. Lawrence— a precious trium
virate—sought the health resort. At a
conference, to which, another was ad
mitted, the scheme was perfected to make
the sleepy guard with an alias Chief of
Police of San Francisco. The public
know the men and these men know the
fourth conspirator, who seven months
ago told of the conspiracy that now
threatens some of tho most sacred inter
ests of this city with disaster.
That was the origin of the plot. Mayor
Phelan, in his letter to the Examiner, has
related some of the other incidents which
happened in the office of the Examiner.
He has suppressed others that are inter
esting. The election^ was held and Law
rence demanded the satisfaction of his
bond. Phelan squirmed and Lawrence
threatened and stormed. -The Mayor had
sold his manhood and he had not reached
the: stage where he thought that the
price was sufficient. Lawrence sought
counsel. He consulted with Garret W.
McEnerney, who is now defending Esola
against tho accusations of indignant
citizens.
"I believe that Phelan intends to give
me - the 'double cross,' " declared Law
rence to McEnerney. "I don't believe that
he will keep his promise to force the elec
tion of Esola."
"You leave him to me," was McEner
ney's reply. "Give me your proxy and
I'll make him yield." And together they
PHELAN DISHONORED HIS OWN PROMISES AND PANDERED TO HIS VOTE
GETTING DESIRES BEFORE THE CAMPAIGN.
"1 consider that Mayor Phelan has broken his faith with me and my people. He pledged
himself upon his honor not only to lend his interest, but to give his best endeavors to the further
ance of the St. Mary's Park project. That St. Mary's got to-day the $125,000 is due solely to
the fact that the Supervisors kept their faith zvith the churches and tlie good citizens who have
fought for the removal of this plague spot. Mayor Phelan, in my opinion, has pandered to his
vote-getting desires, and let me say that I do not think that his profits will be as large as he antici
pates." — Excerpt from an interview with Rev. Fatjier Otis at the conclusion of a meeting
of the Board of Supervisors on September 18, 1899. Mayor Phelan considers this inter
view libelousi He knows where to seek redress.
knows, too, that the way to expose a
recreant, dishonest official is to reveal
him in the nakedness of his rascality and.
whip him through the streets though the
exhibition be an indecent exposure and a
menace to the morals of the city.
He cannot befog the single issue before
the people. He has made the Police De
partment of this city the commodity for a
corrupt political bargain. He has con
tracted to sell that department to in
fluences that will make it a dangerous
menace. He has done that to satisfy his
ambition. This is the issue and the only
issue, and he dare not refute before any
of the Superior Courts of this city that
before election he made a criminal con
tract that makes him a subject for the
Grand Jury and liable to the forfeiture of
the office upon which he has brought, con
tempt.
He admits that before election he felt
obliged in the event of his election as
Mayor to make Frederick L. Esola, alias
Frederick Harrington. Chief of Police.
About this there can be no controversy;
It is his own shameless confession. The
bond was given, the transaction was un
derstood, but the Mayor has not taken the
public altogether Into his confidence. He
has not told the public where and when
the compact was made and what stress
of mind and base humiliation accom
panied its progress and its consumma
tion.
The plot, the success of which will de
liver San Francisco to its thieves, was
hatched over a year and a half ago at
went to Mayor Phelan and demanded that
he appoint the men who had been chosen
for Police Commissionershlps. The Mayor
hesitated. "You are a stuffed Jury." Mc-
Enerney shouted. "We have stuffed you.
Now give us our verdict."
And the verdict was given. It was the
Police Commission of San Francisco and
Frederick Lawrence Esola. alias Harring
ton. Chief of Police. And the Mayor dare
not deny it in a way that will make the
denial worth the utterance. He can find
space in the columns of the newspaper of
his fellow conspirators, but why not? As
a purchased official he would be worthless
if exposed.
The Commissioners whom he has en
trapped would rebel against him and re
pudiate the pledge that makes them the
petty automatons used to work out a
dishonest deal. The public would be
warned against him and on their guard
against his pernicious, blighting influence
in other fields of municipal power. And
he has been at work in other directions,
buying, selling, promising. Fraternizing
with political scum, associating in fellow
ship with blacklegs, selling the cherished
Institutions of this city to endow new San
Francisco with shame and clothe himself
in the garb of a satisfied ambition.
• He has been among the firemen of the
city and has sold the Fire. Department to
two different cliques of politicians. He
wanted votes, and blinded to every obli
gation of an honorable public policy he
cared not what they cost to the people of
San Francisco. When the vote of the pri-
is such that all honest citizens who cher
ish their homes and their families and
wish well for the city in which they live
will indorse.
And Mayor Phelan cannot evade the
rod of castigatlon by leaping upon the
backs of the very men who are to profit
by his degradation as a public officer. He
cannot plead a hitherto unsullied reputa
tion as an excuse for gross malfeasance
now. Instead of defending his name be
fore a court of Justice he has fled to the
arms of the man with whom he made his
criminal deal and from that embrace of
security exclaims that he has received
hi» vindication at the polls. What sort
cf a vindication does he think he would
receive if he went to the polls to-morrow?
What s-tand would be taken by the people
who know now. but did not know in No
vember of his fellowship, with scoundrels.
political riff-raff and gambling, thieving
blacklegs? What indorsement would the
honorable Mayor bave received had the
people known in November that he had
been to a newspaper office and had bar
tered away the Police Department to the
criminals of the city; that he had sold it
to those that thrive by crime; that he
had betrayed the homes of San Fran
cisco to the evil influences of the town?
"What vindication would have been given
to him had citizens known that he had
sold the Fire Department to two sets of
political manipulators and only by
threats could be forced to be true to
cither?
It is not what he has received, but what
he would receive in the light of the start
ling expose that has whipped the mask
from his face and revealed him the per
petrator of outrages that make his name
a by-word among honest men. Does he
think to deceive by referring to the ballot
box? That contains too many of his pur
chased votes and the people of this city
will not pay the price of his dishonor. His
Place for the vindication of his character
is in the courts. The method is the insti
tution of a suit. Is he sunk so low that
he cannot be slandered? Is he proof
against the shafts of contempt that he
cannot be stung?
Or docs he know that the proof is worse
than the charge and the poor consolation
of silence Is ueitcr than none? He says
that the -way to expose a newspaper Is
to show it In Its nakedness. And he
learn of the friendly attitude of the Mayor toward him, but impressed upon me that he did not seek the position, and would not exert himself in any manner to obtain it. I endeavored
to show him the necessity for an honest Board of Commissioners, what reforms would be inaugurated by a reorganized department, and that the duties of his office would be congenial.
Upon leaving him he said if the office were tendered to him he might accept, provided the other members of the commission, or a majority of them, were equally independent and res
olute in their purpose to do right as he. . . .'¦'•_ ';. .
In consideration of the Mayor's friendly expressions, he bade me assure him The Call would refrain from any offensive caricature or personal detraction during the cam
paign, but being a Republican paper would urge with all its power the election of the party nominee: . . .'• . r :',«'•¦
Mr. Phelan was seen by me about a week later and acquainted with the above interview. Be offered no objection to my statements. He said he looked upon Mr. Spreckels as
the. head of the Republican party in this State, and he would naturally consult him and confer with him regarding the appointments the charter required him to make from the Re
publican ranks. His final words were "Tell Mr. Spreckels he will have to rely upon me to do what is right."
I left him with the impression that, if matters remained unchanged, when the time came the appointment would be made, or Mr. Spreckels conferred with as to Republican
appointees. . :.• V
In the early part of December I sent Mr. Phelan a note reminding him of our conversations, but received an evasive reply. I have not seen .nor heard from him. since.
I have no doubt Mr. Phelan will recall the incidents enumerated and corroborate this statement. Yours very truly, "W. Q. STAFFORD.
1 FREELY conferred with the Examiner as to the fit
ness of candidates, not deferring to its judgment, but
seeking information. * * * In the Examiner on such
occasions I discussed with the proprietor, the managing
editor, the city editor and others the corruption in the po
lice Department and the best means of circumventing it.
F. L. Esola.. a young lieutenant of police, was present on
several of these occasions. He was and is a friend of the
proprietor and managing editor of the paper.
Prior to the election of 1898 his friends desired him to
run for Sheriff, and it was then that I first heard his name
mentioned in connection with the office of Chief of Police;
it was said that if he were elected Sheriff he could intro
duce himself to the public and qualify himself as Chief of
Police.
At no time, however, was I asked to procure his pro
motion, but lam not unaware of the fact that his friends
expected for him some recognition in the line of promotion
in case I was elected to office. — Extract from the Mayor's re
markable letter in which he confesses that, employing the subter
fuges cf a political trickster, he conferred zvith seekers after pa-
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17, 1900.
To the Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: Although a supporter of Mr. Phelan in" his last campaign,
still, in justice to Mr. John D. Spr eckels, I wish to submit this statement, presuming I am the personal
friend referred to in Mr. Phelan' s letter printed in this morning's Examiner.
On the day the California Regiment arrived from Manila I dined with Mr. Phelan, and, as his
friend, as well as a friend of Mr. Spreckels, expressed a desire to bring about a harmony of feeling be
tween them, as well as a unity of purpose in municipal affairs. I had previously ascertained from Mr.
Spreckels that he bore no ill will toward Mr. Phelan; that he regarded him as a capable and energetic
official. H' :•
Mr. Phelan expressed sentiments of esteem for Mr. Spreckels, saying he had been somewhat an
noyed at the lampooning of The Call in the last campaign, but he had been successful and bore no resent
ment. I explained, then, that the proposition I had to offer -was entirely of my own volition; that in
making it I wanted neither money, patronage, office or preferment of any kind, and that Mr. Spreckels
knew nothing of my purpose, and might repudiate my action when made known to him. I represented
that both Mr. Spreckels and himself were actuated by a common desire for a better city government, rea
sonable taxation and honest administration' of the city's affairs and finances, as well as the prosecution of
the many badly needed improvements looking to the cleaning and beautifying of the city. Both were men
of large means and affairs, vitally interested in the prosp2rity of the city, and I knew of no reason why
they should not pull together for the welfare of the community. I stated that Mr. Spreckels and I had had
many talks bearing on the inadequacy ft .the Police Department; that I knew he was interested in its re
habilitation, and as the Mayor was obliged to appoint two Republicans on the commission, I knew of no
better man for one of the positions than Mr. Spreckels, and trusted he could see his way clear to tender an
appointment to him. I contended that Mr. Spreckels was bold, aggressive and fearless, independent, and
not to be influenced, intimidated. or cajoled into doing anything he did not believe to be right. Mr. Phelan
understood that I did not expect nor desire him to promise he would make the appointment, as that
would be in violation of the spirit of the new charter. He said he could not and would not make promises
of any kind — that he wished to state from the platform from which he was to speak during the campaign
that he was unpledged, untrammeled and without patronage obligations of any nature.
On the other hand, I made it equally clear to him that Mr. Spreckels was not requesting an ap
pointment nor expressing a desire for it.
When we parted it was mutually understood that I was to ask Mr. Spreckels if he would . favor
ably consider an appointment on the Police Commission if it were offered to him. A few days later I
unfolded to Mr. Spreckels my idea and the result of my conversation with the Mayor. He was pleased to
MAYOR PHELAN'S SHAMELESS CONFES
SION OF HIS GUILTY COMPACT.
"YOU ARE A STUFFED JURY; WE HAVE STUFFED YOU.
NOW GIVE US OUR VERDICT."
WILLIAM G. STAFFORD EXPOSES THE SHIFTY MAYOR'S DELIBERATE AND MALI-
GiOUS MISCONSTRUCTION OF AN INTERVIEW.
He Admits That He
Knew That If Elect
ed Mayor He Was
Expected to Pro
mote Frederick L
Esola, Alias Fred
erick Harrington.
The Conspirators Literally Forced
the Satisfaction of the Dis
honest, Ante- Election Bond
From the Hesitating, Pledge-
Breaking Chief Executive of
the City.
*rr AMES D. PHELAN. the Mayor of
I) this city. 6tands to-day discred-
Ulted before the people cf San Fran
cisco. He is dishonored before the
men who pave hira their suffrages
and he is disgraced before those
from whom he asked the respect and the
esteem due to an honorable man. James
D. Phelan is revealed by authority of his
own statements as a political trickster
who did not hesitate to bargain away the
Police Department of this city to black
mailing schemers that they might use a
irreat institution as a vehicle for the pro
tection and eorrmission of crime. Mayor
Phelan has sought the protecting wing of
his pals and from its shadow he shouts
an admission, shameless and audacious,
that before election he knew that he was
expected to promote Frederick L. Esola
and that the promotion meant the high
honor of Chief of Police.
Mayor Phelan, with a mend>dty that
seems almost incredible, acknowledges
that before election he conferred with a
sleepy ex-guard of San Quentln, who
possesses no qualification except an alias
and the record of his dismissal. Mayor
Phelan declares that with this man he
Fought counsel and advice as to the
means best designed to reform the local
Department of Police.
The confession is astounding. It re
veals to what depth of degradation the
chief executive of this city has gone. It
uncovers the dirty pool of politics in
which he has waded. It shows the
mire of broke- promises, criminal
pledpes, dishonest compacts and political
dishonor with which he is plastered. The
Call has accused Mayor Phelan of of
fenses that an honorable man would re
sent. This paper has charged him with a
crime that would stir.g a decent man, yet
the Mayor does not deny the accusations
nor seek the redress that the poorest
citizen mro' claim.
It is idle for him to cloud the issue by
crying partisanship. The only partisan
ship that enters into this ffrave matter is
that which will not tolerate the barter
and sale of institutions, the corruption of
civic bodies, the prostitution of public de
partments, to the criminal uses of a dis
honest Mayor. If this be partisanship it
MAYOR PHELAN CONFESSES HIS SHAMEFUL PLOT
THE SA3ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900.
Seeking Desperately to
Cloud an Issue That
Vitally Affects the
Public Welfare by
Raising a Vain Cry
of Partisanship and
Politics.
The Story of the Crafty Ma
nipulations by Which His
Honor Bought and Sold Be
fore Election the Votes and
the Influence of the Fire
Department.
maries bad been taken he found that Sam
Rainey controlled between sixty and
eightly votes in the convention. Those
votes represented a formidable opposition
in the convention and a powerful Influ
ence in the districts. Mayor Phelan wished
to kill the first and command the second.
He planned therefore to do both. But
the manipulators of the Fire Department
would not deal with him. They knew him
If the public did not. They knew his
treachery, his broken promises and un
kept pledges. They had dealt with him
when that mask of the reformer had been
lifted and the face of the politician
grinned beneath. And these crafty man
ipulators would have no more to do with
Lawrence than they would with Phelan.
So again the aervlces of Garret W« Mc-
Enerney were In requisition. He was
called because he was the attorney of the
department and could be trusted.
It seemed an outrage to make of the
distinguished lawyer a messenger boy to
travel from the Mayor to the manipula
tors of the Fire Department, but that is
what somebody cruelly called him. and
he bottled his wrath with the thought
that he was the mediator in great inter
ests. To Garret W. McEnerney, Mayor
Phelan promised to keep his greedy hands
off the Fire Department in exchange for
the support of the department. And that
support was given. The chattels of the
Fire Department became the chattels of
the Mayor to do with as he pleased. Ha
voted them at his whim and on election
day they won for him what he never
could win before — their own districts.
And there was peace and contentment
in the department, and then came the
crash. The Mayor refused to remain
bought. He drove a usurer's bargain
with the men who had been members of
his conspiracy and had been party to hla
criminal deal. He dismissed George Max
well as secretary of the department, and
the storm burst. McEnerney was In a
rage. He demanded to know the mean-
Ing of the Mayor's perfidy.
"In our agreement," said the Mayor
blandly, "there was no mention of the
name of Maxwell."
"Do you want in a bargain of that
THE RECREANT MAYOR DARE NOT DE
FEND HIS PERSONAL HONOR.
12