SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
GEORGE WASHINGTON
THE MAN
The Cpinfcn Thack^ay?
cF the Great flrper-fcari.
''Washing-ton, the chief cf a nation In arms, doing
b&tUe with distracted parties; calm in the midst of con
spiracy; serene against the open, foe before him, and
th.« darker energies at his back; "Washington, inspiring
order and spirit Into troops hungry and in rags, stung
by ingratitude, but betraying no anger, and ever ready
to forgive; in defeat Invincible, magnanimous in con
quest, and never co sublime as on that day when he
laid dovm his victorious sword and sought his noble
retirement — here, indeed, is a character to admire and
revere; a life without a stain, a fame without a flaw.
QuancLo i3.venlcs paremP ...
"Which was the most splendid spectacle ever
witnessed — the opening feast of Prince George in Lon
don or the- resignation of "Washington? "Which is the
nobler character for after ages to admire — yon fribble
dancing in lace and spangles or yonder hero who
sbea.th.es his sword after a life of spotless honor, a pur
ity unreproached, a courage Indomitable and a consum
mate victoryf Which of these is a true gentlemanP"—
WHAT sert ef a man was that
George Washington, who, bora
at Popes Creek, Va., on Febru.
ary 22, 1722. and dying at Mount
Vernon en December U. 1799,
played In the meantime a part
fee potential that his nataa remains after
the lapse of a hundred years the mightiest
In our history? There Is a story told of
the late James Parton that aome forty
years ago he went to Virginia to. gather
material for a life ef the first President,
t» be Issued by the house ef Harper. At
the aad of a fortnight ha returned to May
York, sought the office of his publishers
and said, quizzically:
'"Twon't do, friend Harper; another
bubble's burst. I can't write the life of
Washington, at least from the letters an-1
records and traditions placed at my dis
posal in Fairfax County."
"Why not? What Is the reason?" asked
James Harper, to whom few things were
Impossible.
"Simply because I have a wife and fam
ily to support, and because I don't want
to see a mob of enraged patriots sack and
destroy your publishing establishment ani
hang me to a lamp post."
"Explain yourself," cold the surprised
publisher.
"Well, the fact is." Mr. Parton went on,
"that Washington, Illustrious character a.%
he was and ever will be in history, was
no saint. He was wise and prudent in
council, brave and skillful in battle, dig
nified in demeanor and he brought tlie
colonies through their troubles. But he
went to cockfights and horseraces and bet
on both; was bo close In his money af
fairs as to be almost penurious; was hard
in his dealings with his neighbors; never
genial or generous toward his tenanta and
Inferiors; and some of his outings were —
well, I am afraid they would net have re
ceived the approval of the president of a
village temperance society." ¦
"Enough said," interrupted Mr. Harper.
"On second • thought, I agree with you,
Brother Parton, that we don't wane an
other life of' Washington."
For. the vast, majority^of his country
men Washington has always been land is
now a man so great and good as to be
devoid of all minor human defects, fault
less'as a status and. one might add. aa
cold. Marshall, Spark*. Irving and the
rest of his early biographers have all
brought their here down ta posterity «*
Btllts, rarely If ever allowing his huge feet
to touch the ground.
On the other hand certain recent writ
ers of history, In a praiseworthy effort to
rescue Washington's personality from the
fast deepening mist of legend, have gone
to the other extreme and have convinced
themselves, as they would now convince
us, that the most illustrious of Americans
was a man of obstinate will and only
commonplace ability, and burdened be
sides with more than the average man's
chare of the frailties of his kind.
Attentive study of the more than SOOO of
Washington's letters available to the stu
dent will convince one that' the truth
about him lies between the two estimates
indicated. .
If a man's relations toward his wife and
mother be a test of his manhood and no
bility the test is one splendidly sustained
by Washington. He was a dutiful, con
bJderate and loving son; his union with
Martha Custls proved a wise and happy
one. Their marriage was probably not an
affair of the heart with either of them.
When they met the days of romance were
over for both, but they were fitted for one
another, and although Washington's let
ters to his wife were destroyed by her
there Is not lacking abundant proof that
they grew together as time went on, and
that each never failed to show for the
other . that consideration and respect
which are the best guarantees of marital
happiness.
'Mrs. Washington had always at heart
the happiness and comfort, of. her hus
band, while, of ' the many reoorded- in
stances of his tender. solicitude for. her
there Is none more' touching than that
connected with his last illness. Attacked
suddenly and seriously after midnight.
Washington's malady was at least hast
ened tar his uawilllngneas that his wile
¦hould Incur the risk of a cold by rising
during, the bitter winter night to relieve
hla Bufferings. However, It may be noted
In passing that Washington, like many
other men, found It difficult to live under
the same roof with a mother-in-law. At
one time he Invited his wife's mother to
make Mount Vernon her home, but In a
eubsequent letter declared that he would
never again have two women In hla house
when he was there himself.
His hospitality ¦was open-handed and
lavish, and his acts of charity wise, gen
erous and unceasing. He kept one crib of
corn on each of his plantations for the
poor, and- during one year of scarcity he
actually bought corn for $1 a bushel for
free distribution. He also maintained a
boat and seine for the use of hla neigh
bors, and stnt a market cart to Alexan
dria three times a week to get money for
his charities. However. Washington
brooked no Interference with his private
plans and permitted no interference with
his rights, be they of person or property.
On the other hand, he gave equal consid
eration to the rights of others, and. when
he found himself in the wrong was always
brave enough to make acknowledgment of
the fact.
Washington was once asked If the report
waa true that one of his slaves had run.
away, taking with him certain Important
papers. "Sir," said he sternly, "I. never
had a slave run away,", and that. Judged
by the standard of his time, he was a moat
humane master, is evident to any one who
reads hla many letters to the . superinten
dent of bis estate during- tho years 'of his
enforced j absence. . Food In plenty, good
clothing, care In Illness, harvest rum, sea
sonable gifts, with moderate tasks— all
these were insisted upon again and again.
But he approved of the whip as s> last
resort with aa unruly slave.
When Washington once told John ilar
¦hall that ha had been making personal
sacrifices for the pabUo all his Ufa, ha
but spoke the truth.
He refused to accept pay for his mili
tary services, keeping an account of him
yarsooai expenditure* with tha accuracy
of a bank cashier, yet declining to aocMpC,
a cent from Congress beyond It, though
ho waa often pressed for money and ha 4
to borrow $2500 when ha was elected Prol
iant to discharge certain untU obllga*
Ce&tlnued en Face Xlae*
What Uovd Bj-oU^arp, &&
FamoUs &iSTfsr]rT»aii,
t hough* of Washington-
"How grateful the relief which th« friend of mi»
kind, tLe lover of virtu*, experiences whan, «nm»tig
from the contemplation of such a chars ctar (ISapoleam),
his «ye rests upon tha greatest nan of our own o»
of any ag«; tho only ons upon whom an epithet se
thoughtlessly lavished by men to foster tha crlmoj el
their worst enemies may ba Innocently and Justly be
stowed! ... This Is tha consnimniate glory of thm
great American: A triumphant warrior where, tha
most sanguine had a right to despair; a successful rulo
In all the difficulties of a course wholly untried; bxtt m
warrior whoss sword only left Its sheath when the arrt
law of our nature commanded it to bo drawn, and a rule*
who, having tasted of supremo power, gently and unos
tentatiously desired that the cup might pass from him,
nor would suffer more to wet his lips than the most
solemn and sacred duty to his country and his Go 4 re
quired. ... It will be tho duty of tho
and sage, In all ages, to omit no occasion of mm 11 nil— 1
rating this illustrious man.___ ,—, — _ . .___.
would soon be over. So the little company of
ladies in London received scant encouragement
from their sisters over here, and the news of a
subsequent formation of themselves into an execu
tive and a general committee to carry out the en
terprise was received with indifference. No one
in America is indifferent to-day. On the con
trary, every woman is asking, "Are there hos
pitals enough, ambulances sufficient to transfer
the wounded, food supplies for the besieged?"
And the London committee of women is having
its victory.
thousand dollars was needed to cquifc
the sick, with nurses and physicians, and sailed
for the seat of war.
Among those on board was Lady Randolph
Churchill, who has never relaxed her efforts, as
chairman of the hospital fund committee, to suc
cor and relieve not only the soldiers, but the wo
men and children driven from tlie states nozv at
war, and who are congregated at Delagoa Bay
and Cape Town*
The Sunday Call publishes pictures of some
of the women members of the executive commit
tee who were especially prominent in organising
the notable concert the proceeds of t which formed
Ckcr'as francols J^elu.
rradually paining such dexterity that
finally he overcame the mechanical dIT.
c-ulties and could give true expression to
his artistic feelings.
M. Felu is acknowledged the greatest
copyist of Van Dyke. Artists have eailol
the seven teas over to sit in the shadow
of Van Dyke's masterpieces; they have
worked early and late to .catch a glimpse
of the soul of the paintings and transfer
lt to their own canvases. But one hss
caught that elusive "something" that 1^
lngTalned In all originals and mocks nn4
refuses to be caught by the copyist. Aai
that one was M. Charles Francois Fein,
& painter who with his feet has succeedei
where men blessed with arms and nands
have failed. , ,
M. Felu painted Van Dyke "en rap
port" with the great master himself, for
his work has so nearly caught the genius
of the master's that only a connoisseur cf
rreat artistic discernment can tell ai
original Van Dyke from one of Felu's cop
ies.
This armlPFs wonder has also succeeded
!n copying other masters viith rare sym
pathy, but it is his Van Dyke copies that
have won him the greatest praise from
the hlprhest F.ourcf-s. However, his fame
does not rest on these alone. M. Felu's
original paintings are wonderfully beau
tiful in coloring and with something of
the chastened sorrow of the artist per
vading them and lifting them hijjh above
Miss Helen, because they met M. Ftlu
while living in Antwerp, and. like all Oth
ers who have had the privilege of know-
Ing him, they learned to admire ths niaa
even more than the painter.
It was Miss Helen Cashman who cour
teously admitted a Sunday Call reporter
and artist. Miss Cashman kindly consent
ed to allow the painting photographed,
and while the artist was busy doing this
she told many interesting recollections of
M. Felu.
"I shall never forget the first time I
saw M. Felu," said Miss Cashman.
"I was a little girl at the time,
probably 7 or 8 years old. Mamma
and I wore walking- down one
of the principal streets of Antwerp
when a kindly-faced gentleman stoppe-i
up, spoke to mamma and smiled at >ne.
With childish curiosity I could scarcely
wait until he had passed to ask mamma
why his sleeves were tucked in his coat
In that peculiar limp manner. You can
Imagine how startled I was when told that
the gentleman was armless.
"We were bhortly to leave Antwerp, and
a, day or two after this we mot M. Felu
by arpointmpnt and with him went to
visit his studio. My mother and father
had known M. Kelu for some time and
had often been in his studio, but this was
my first visit. Child though I was, the
whole scene is as fresh in my memory as
Whenever nature deprives one of her
children of- some special gift or qualifica
tion she generally <ndeavors to supply
the deficiency by granting a larger power
of development to another faculty. But
eeldom is that power turned into the deep
est channels. Men without arms have
pone through the world performing with
their feet the daily duties that should fall
to the miFPitg hands. This In itself is de
creed wonderful. But when an armies
xr.an cor.secrates hlmF*>lf to art and on tho
real merits of hia work, arms or no arms,
wins high distinction, then all the world
pauE«s for a Lrief Ffcond and wonders. *
Many of M. I'olu's works have found
their way acfoes the Atlantic, one at(
least of h!<= masterpiece"* traveling west/
of the Rookie?. As far as Is known*
this Is the only one of M. Felu's paint- (
"When we reached the door of tho
Ftudio M. Felu deftly slipped oft his san
dal, showing for a second his foot, clad
In a sort of mitten, which left the toes
free. Between his toes was his latchkey,
and he opened the door with agility and
showed us In with a courtly Brace that
characterized all his movements.
"The Etudlo, I have no doubt, was full
of Interesting and beautiful works of art.
but it was the armless painter that fasci
nated me and claimed all my childish,
wondering attention.
the hospital ship — a big sum, which was raised
within three zveeks — and the biggest slice was con
tributed as the result of that famous concert given
at Cloridgc's Hotel, London, on November 18,
which was planned and brought to a successful
issue mainly by Lady Randolph Churchill and her
associates of the committee.
Money poured into the. coffers, and just in the
nick of time the efforts of the ladies were nobly
seconded by tJie Atlantic Transport Company,
which gave the American steamship Maine to be
used as a hospital ship. Within a very short time
the vessel was fully equipped with supplies for
the nucleus of the fund. That of Lady Randolph
Churchill is a copy of a drawing of her recently
made by John Sargent and used in the famous
programme.
The other members of the committee are:
Mrs. Bloiv. secretary; Mrs. Ronalds, treasurer;
the Duchess of Marlborough, the Countess of Es
sex, Mrs. Whulf Kelly, Mrs. Bradley Martin t
Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain, Mrs. Earle, Mrs. Van
Dnzer, Mrs. Field, Mrs. Morcton Frc-jcen, Mrs,
Griffin, Mrs. Haldeman, Mrs. "Jack" Leslie,
Mrs. Arthur Paget, Mrs. Taylor and Mrs.
Ralph Vivian,,
,out Europe have been trying to secure
specimens for the great zoological gar
dens, but they have not «ucceeded. and
London Is the only city In Europe or
•America which can boast of having ob
tained even a brief glimpse of thesa rar«
creatures.
) Amazing stories are told about this fish.
About the year 800 two Arabian travelers
)spread the news that they had seen in In
dia a fish which was not only able to walk
)on land, but which also delighted to climb
cocoanut trees to extract and drink tha
'milk from the nuts, after which It return
ted to the water. Those who hoard the
story thought this mode of progression
(and this kind of diet were very stranga
tor a fish, and it is not aurprlsing that th«
! Arabian travelers were generally regard
ed as Munchauscns.
\ Nine hundred years later, however, a
similar fish story cropped up again, and
las the narrator was well known as a
scientist, his words earned considerable
weight.
Climbing Fish of India.
Two wonderful fish have Just died at tha
Zoological Garden In London. They wera
specimens of the so-called climbing fish,
and were recently Imported from their na«
'tlve country. India. They were the first
ever brought to Europe and their speedy
'death seems, proof that the climate did
I not agree with them. Londoners are very
sorry at their untimely decease, as from
,all accounts there are no fish in the world
quite as extraordinary as these.
) Th<» climbing fish resembles a sea urchin.
and Its scientific name is Ar.ab.l3 scan
dens. It Is about twenty centimetres lr»
(length and Is noted for Its large ana
thorny fina. It Is of a curious color and
Us spotted with red. yellow and violet. It
,ls & fresh water nsh. found only In rivers
and lakes. For years naturalists through-
American Women in London Who Helped Fit out the South African Hospital Snip Maine
t! Portion of Letter Written by the flrmless PalQter to
Mrs. Cashman, Showing tbe Signature of Felu.
Trje Address on the Envelope Illustrates How Well
Fclu Wrote English-
and made him a chevalier of the Royal
Order of Isabella. The King of Portugal
The ring was used as an accessory of thm
nuptial rite long before the Christian era.
In early times gold money used to circu
late In Egypt In the form of rings, and
I thus when a man placed a gold ring on
tho finger of his bride lt was a token that
Ihe eedowed her with his wealth. Th»
same Idea appears In the marriage rites
of the Church or England, which directs
the bridegroom to place tha ring on tha
bride's finger— "With all my worldly
goods I thee endow." The fourth finger
has always been trie bride's ring finger.
back. The paint box vras opened without
the slightest difficulty and the colors
mixed with perfect ease. The palette was
held by the left great toe. which was
passed through the orifice like a thumb.
With the other foot he used his brushes,
laying on the tints with astonishing con
ndence and firmness.
"M. Felu had a slight cough that day
and I held my breath in suspense won
dering how he would get his handkerchief.
Quite naturally he passed hla rlghi foot
under the left knee and withdrew It from
as daintily as is possible with hands. I
have been told that he always used a
knife and fork at meals, cutting up his
own dinner and until very :ate In life
Bhaved himself without accident.
"We were with M. Felu that day over
an hour and during the time he played
mine host, doing with his feet little cour
tesies In a most charming way. To me
the most wonderful thing about M. Felu
was the manner In which he did things
with his feet without in the slightest üb
grree shocking .you. You simply forgot
less wonders doing tricks, but they made
one shudder and grow cold. There was
nothing of this about M. Felu. I was a
child and so would have been especially
susceptible had there been anything
weird about his actions.
"I have gone over the whole scene time
and again. I shall never forget his re
fined; intelligent face and kindly words.
There was a gentle dignity about him
that wiped out the incongruity of ifslng
his feet.
"Having known the man, we especteJly
prize this painting. I believe M. Felu
was near 70 when he died, and I am sure
all Belgium mourns his death. "We our
selves were grieved and shocked at tha
news of his death. I am sure his dying
hours must have been as calm and beau
tiful as his life."
The painting owned by Mrs. Cashman 13
a copy of Van Dyke's famous Crucifixion.
When looking at the picture painted by
this extraordinary man it Is quite Im
possible to realize that lt was dona by
foot and not by hand, so firm Is the
drawing and so well is the color laid.
Felu told an intimate friend that one
of his earliest recollections was sitting
in the garden while his mother taught
him to grasp with his baby toes the
bright flowers for whlcn he cried. Very
soon he learned to gather them for him
self, and steadily pursuing this form of
Instruction his feet soon became flexible
and useful. Ills parents were people of
high birth and breeding, his father a re
tired French officer living at the time of
his birth at Waermaede. near Courtral.
North Flanders. The armless child was
at first a source of great grief, but his
parents gradually realized that he had
unusual talents that more than compen
sated his physical deficiencies.
He was given the beat education and
graduated in letters with high honors.
Circumstances prevented M. Felu's tak
ing an expected official position In Ghent.
With Joy hs turned attention to art,
which had Ml ways attracted him. begin
ning the study of painting at Antwerp
when already 23 years old.
In all M. Felu has copied some hun
dred of the hc!»t masterpieces. Speci
mens of his work, originals and cop'* I *,
ire to be found all over the world. Her
Majesty, the Queen Regent of Spain,
sought one. of M. Felu's pictures In 1535,
sent him the cross of a chevalier of the
Order of Christ of Portugal.
Those who knew him say that the deeds
of M. Felu placed him beyond tho pale
of pity. Ho Inspired those who came
within the radius of hia personality to
better and bigger work. Besides hl3
paintings, this wonderful man wrote a
number of versea of literary mprtt and
composed several comedies, one of which,
was played In Antwerp with great suc
cess.
The world has lost Monsieur Charles
Francois Felu and the half of the world
that loves art and "the half that applauds
courage mourns. But the lesson which
the fruitful life of this armless painter
teaches will live on forever. Surely hU
life work Is a proof of what can be dona
by a stout heart even under the most ad
verse circumstances.
¦ ? ¦
Gunpowder explosions have one re
markable feature. The bodies of persona
killed In such accidents are always
found without clothing, but frequently
one foot will have the shoe on. This Is
true of horsea also. If on* of the feet Is
In the air and another on the ground, the
shoe will be found torn from the foot
that was on the ground and not from
the other.
When men are* killed !n powder expia
tions the foot that happened to be In th»
air when the shock came will be found
wearing the shoe, while the other foot
will be bare.
Engagement rings among the Egyptian*
were always of Iron, to Indicate the mu
tual sacrifices of liberty of the contract
ing parties. One of the very earliest
adornment? of betrothal rings was a lode
*ton*. which symbolized the attractive
force which drew a maid from her own
family circle Into that of her huabnad.
THE SUNDAY CAL.IL.
¦
JTZHEN several of the promt nt Amen
y y can women resident in Lt don, head
ed by Lady Randolph Churchill, held
a meeting three months ago for the purpose of
considering ways and means for providing a hos- \
pital ship for the relief of the sick and wounded
soldiers in South Africa, society on this side of
the water, for the most part, sniffed. But that
was three months ago.
'At that time New Yorkers viewed the situ
ation more complacently than they do now, and
a Jwspital ship was scarcely considered a crying
/necessity t in a struggle vjJiich t .it. was prophesied,
THE LIFE AND MARVELOUS WORK OF THE GREAT ARMLESS PAINTER
LAST vneek the dispatches announc»l
the death of Monsieur Charles
FYariccls Fflu, tho armless Belgian
artist. Had M. Felu been born
with arms he would hava been ac
counted a painter of ncte, Aim
less from birth, this wonderful man rr.a
tUDiilatcd palette end Lrujih with his feet,
Ings In California. It Is a copy of Van
Dyke's "Crucifixion." and Is owned by
Mrs. "W. Caehman of Alameda.
This painting by M. Felu Is the irost
valued of tho many beautiful art treas
ures that decorate the Cashman home. It
In co highly prized by Mrs. Cashman end
her two l&uvhter*, illsi Madeline _anl
Created /Hastei-preces With H* s Feet
whjere other 5 Hands Have
/Hade DJsmaT PaiTUpes-
"M. Felu sat at his easel chatting and
painting. The eandalswere placed by his
side, showing the feet In mitten socks. In
order to enable him to raise hla foot to
tho level of the canvas he leaned slightly
hls coattail pocket with the easy man
ner and alight flourish that gentlemen
often use. Later he extracted something
from his breast pocket with Just as little
difficulty. He managed his drinking glass
that he was using feet Instead of hand*
so naturally did he make them do duty
for the misslnz members.
"There was nothing weird or grewsome
about it. I have since seen so-called arm-
When the Czar Travels.
The Imperial train in which the Czar,
end Czarina, usually travel In wholly of*
Russian workmanship, having been raaJe(
In the Alexander Works at St. Petersburg. /
It consists of eleven carriages. painted
blue tn4 {rold. They are connected by(
corridors and provided with every lux-/
ury. The, dining-room, a whole carriage.
Is furnished with a large lable In the. cen- (
ter and email tables elong the sides, the/
walls bHng paneled with red beechwood'
Inset with huge mirrors. The chairs are(
t:phol*tcred with brown Russia leather./
Another carriage serve!" as the reception
room, the walls being ornamented wlths
stamped leather In beechwood frames. (
Tho Czar's appointment consists of two .
rooms, his study and a dressing room. '
The' study Is fitted with brown Russia. (
leather, and the study table Is ornament. t
*d with fine bronres. The next two car- '
rtacos are reserved for the eulte. In them (
travel Uaron Kroderlrks. General Pless, /
Princess Orb^IanJ, and the Court Mar
ehal. Each coupe is lined with brown (
leather, and cc-ntains a red beechwood/
chair, a ¦writing table with bronze fitting* X
end a wash-haud table. The electric light (
can be switched on at will. The floor Is
carpeteil. nnd the double window hunjr(
with defiant curtains. The last carriage/
lp reserved for the railway officials. Here'
the tpocd of tho train is regulated. All(
the carriages are connected by telephone.
The llEhUr.gr. ventilation and heating areC
carefully attended to. More than threo/
hundred lamps are supplied by the clee-T
trie battery on the train. On the train (
being transferred from the Russian to
the Gern,an railway, the gauge of which (
Is emaJler. the axles aro chane»d. The/
trains run quite noiselessly, even when *
Eolng at the highest speed. /
A Copy of Var) Dyke's Famous Masterpiece, Painted by the Late
Charles Francois Felu.
(Courtesy of Mrs. W. Cashrrjan. Alameda.)
2tho kitten did that— for she does not leave
her room. Eighty years is a long while to
live.
"I am glad you have come to see me."
said Mrs. Abbott. The voice was pitched
high for weakness, but there was a tone
of the Old South ringing somewhere even
through its faintness.
"It is so seldom nny one comes down
here that I greatly enjoy the call 3 of
those who find tho walk pleasant. Will
you not be sealed?" she added.
Why did she add It? We were already
seated, for .Mrs. Vivian, her friend, had
given us chairs. Oh, I knew. The eyes
did not see.
"The welcome that we can give a vis
itor is only a simple one, but it is sincere. ]
Kontuckians always welcome the stran
ger within their gates, you know."
"And you arc a Kentucklan?"
"I was born one, and although I left i
my old home when a little girl, I love :
Kentucky still and am proud to claim it i
as my State."
"Your home was near a historical re- ;
glon," I remarked, edging toward the
point.
"My family was a historical family,"
she replied, moving openly toward it.
"And the family was"
"That of Martha Washington.
"Martha Washington, you remember,
was the daughter of one John Dandridge, ,
a Southern planter. He had another
daughter named Mary. That Mary was :
my grandmother. (
"I know of the Dandridge Bisters only
by report, for I was taken away from the
South when I 'was a very little girl. And ,
Martha, of course, aied eighteen years
before ray birth. '
"In those days I was Minerva Connor.
Father took hia little Minerva with him
when he moved from Kentucky to Illi
nois, where he became one of that State's
first settlers. I suppose I was taken to
say a well-regulattd good-by to my
grandmother and aunts, but that I do
not remember.
"When father went to Illinois' It wa3
considered the unsettled West. We left
the world behind us. Communication
with friends and relatives was of rarest
occurrence. ,
"Those who were near and dear to us
passed away as the years went on. and
often we did not hear of the deaths un
til long after. I grew to womanhood and
married and became the mother of seven
children, and the old home people did not
know of It. There are no such separa
tions In these days of steam and tele-,
graph, but ' the world was smaller then.
"Why, I wonder should I say there are
no such separations?" she broke off. "I.
who live here year In and year out and
meet only Mr?. Vivian arid a few neigh
bors? This place is lonely as only moun
tain homes know how to be lonely. But
the train passes near — I can hear it and
smell the smoke sometimes when I walk
out a little way. So I feel as If the world
were within reach.",
"How did you come to choose this spot
1 for a home?" I asked, looking about the
j cabin. Its walls and floor were bare, its
¦ doors and windows rude. There were no
ornaments except a pair of ancestral sil
ver candlesticks on the shelf and a fam
ily portrait hanging above. It was a por
trait of a clean-shaven, rosy gentleman
of the old school— wavy brown hair, high
muffling? stock and ruffled shirt.
"My health failed." she replied. "Illi
nois was too cold. I think. So in 1557 we
moved to California for a change of air.
As for California gold mines— they yield
to enly a few," she said sadly. There was
a whole story. in that little sentence, but
I could not ask for It.
"For a while we lived near Folsom. My
health improved for a. time, but did not
last. So about twenty years ago we
moved up here into the Sierras.
"We were poor. Coming here meant
giving up what little we had. but there
seemed no other way to save my life. Is
it not strange that my life Is the only one
that has lasted?"
She cried as old people cry— silently,
•without sobs. Youth is more stormy.
"It seemed necessary to try mountain
air, but we had to live a poverty-stricken
life In order to do so. Did you notice tntt
little tumble-down cabin across the creek?
That was our first borne in, the Sierras.
"We found it deserted when we earn*
here and so moved In. A tent would hay«
been better. It Is hardly mor« rickety
now than It was then — no wonder It wa«
deserted. It was no shelter for man nor
beast.
"But for a!l that w© lived In It and
cleared and planted a patch behind It
which I called my plantation for the sake
at old days, it was far from being a
real plantation in size, but I loved It and
worked over it as much as my strength
•permitted. And that strength did increase
in spite of hardships, for the air agree!
with me. Burnt Flat Is Intensely hot In
the summer, but one could grow attached
to any place after so many years.
"So. when my son-in-law begrged m« to
go East and make my home with him, I
refused. He was pood to me. but I want
ed my little mountain home.
"By that time we had managed to build
this cabin, which was luxurious compared
with the other. Every pane of glass was
whole and the door could be locked and
there were real partitions between the
rooms. Some day I am going to have a
door fceJl and a door mat. for visitor*
must see me living with proper furnish
ings."
She might have been a bride for the en
thusiasm of it. But the glow did not last.
"Pome day— when. I wonder? And when
will there ever be another visitor here?"
"At any rate, there will be another
visitor when next I pass this way, Mrs.
Abhotf," I said.
"And 3 - ou will be welcome always,* rt
vived the old-time hospitality.
"It la only five years since my great
misfortune came upon me. Until then I
had been able to sew and read. T could
do the most beautiful knitting— do not
think me vain, my friend. But I worke-1
out patterns myself. Mrs. Vivian, will
you kindly Ret the llttlo white stockings?"
They were warm and fluffy and dainty.
They were the fruit of much labor and
worthless to the present generation, which
does not wear knitted stockings.
"They were for my daughter." said the
old woman. "It took me a month to finish
them, for I had so many household duties
at the same time. There were the chick
en? to feed, and they are so particular:
aiui the cooking and the cleaning. I could
sec dust then anri It always troubled m*."*
"Mrs. Abbott finds it now by feeling,"
nut in Mrs. Vivian.
"Have you seen the stockings? TV HI
you kindly hand them to rrle. Mrs. Vivian,
that I may wrap them? I always like to
do it myself, some way: they were for my
daughter, you know. She •was my last re
maining child, and she has died. The tet
ter telling of her death did not reach me
until five weeks after it was sent. Travel
r.long this trail is so Infrequent She was
the last, and I nm still left." rambled the
old woman. She folded the stockings
caressingly and pinned them in the laven
der Evented napkin.
"Have you any memento of the great
Martha Washington?" I asked her.
"Only this." ?he answered, and un
clasped a tiny earring. It was a plain
gold loop of the yellow alloy of years ago.
"Nothing else is ieft." she said 'sadly.
"Even the mate to this was stolen.
"The theft took place in San Francisco,
where I wont to have my ey*s examined;
whin blindness first came upon me. I was
wearing the tv.o little earrings then as I
always did. San Francisco la a very bij
city for a woman who is old and blind,
and there are bad people there as well as
good ones. I suppose. It was a hard trip
for me at best, and I grew more and more
confused and discouraged. I hardly knew
what was going on or what I said or did.
At any rate, when the hard day was over
I found one of my earrings mi?slnsr. Soma
one had taken advantage of my helpless
ness."
The curro hunter abroad, then? Ex
actly. $asßi
When we said good-by she tried Instinct
ively to rise, but fell back. "I forget that
I cannot be a true hostess just at pres
ent." she said, with the cheerful wording
that is part and parcel of hospitality.
"But be assured that I thjnk you for
coming. And stop in on your way back,
will you not?" she added.
As I glanced back from the doorway I
saw her lying against the pillow, feeble
and old and poor. Should I find her If. I
stooDed In on my way back?
DRCSILLA BLEET&.
• ART!TA WASHINGTON' lies un
//ii\ knowing i" a splendid tomb that
U Mc> y. is a Mecca for American pilgrim
age. Martha Washington's
grandniece IJps :'.] and blind and suffering
In a dreary little mountain cabin which
the overland tourist parses for a clump of
brown tret a or a Fhadow.
Near Cape Horn, in our State, is where
we found the hut. You remember, do you
that on the overland trip the train
' rounds Cape Horn where you see nothing
but mountains— shaggy they axe, near by,
t!ue In the distance. Among them is
tuck&d away a bit of a cabin*
Probably you have never seen it. though
you have m:ide the trip a dozon time*!. It
nestle.- In the screening darkness of the
mountains and it is only a tiny brown
spot In the landscape. Tlrt-re Is no sign to
tell the traveler that this is the home of
Martha Washington's grandnieee.
We knew, and therefore we went to see.
At the nearest point of stopping we left
the train and climbed three miles down
the cM lowa Hill trail to find Mrs. Ab
bott. "Mrs. Minerva Abbott, Burnt Flat,
Placer County. Cal.." Is the whole of it.
Mrs. Abbott was at home. She has been
at home these twenty years. She did not
come to meet us— only the chickens and
A Lineal Descendant of Martha Washington Blind and Helpless in the Sierra Nevadas
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3[All Rights Reserved.]
+"A Jf ERIEL STANLEY is a singular instance of
I\y I the natural woman still surviving in our
V < I midst. And the natural woman is at war with
# JL our civilization. I never see poor Meriel
without an inner shudder, when I think of the
ends to which fate and her own temperament must in
evitably hurry her. That shapely brown neck, straight
and firm as a column, is all too delicate for a rope. Yet
a rope it will be, or I am no true prophet.
When I say that Meriel is a natural woman I mean
what I say, for good and for evil. See her leaning her
elbows on the gate that leads from Sir Walter's copse
out on to the heather-clad moorland — a tall, lithe fig
ure, with keen brown face, eager wistful eves, and
wealth of black hair just peeping from beneath her
pink-and-white sun-bonnet — a bronzed woman of the
pcopl:, quivering with suppressed emotion to the tips
of the fingers — and you can guess at once the salient
points of her character. Hers is the impassioned teri
peran:er.t, embodied in a sound and vigorous frame;
take her as a specimen of the natural woman, a savage
still at heart, but a savage of the best type, capable of
great love, great revenge, great devotion, great self
sacrifice, g£eat crimes, great repentances, but not of
anything mean or small or commonplace.
The savage has in him, in the germ, all that the best
end worst among civilized men have developed separ
ately—except one thing, consistency. He can rise to
splendid heights of generosity, and sink to vile depths
t&f cruelty and thame; but all is momentary; what he
cannot encompass is sustained action or sustained feel
ing. He is a creature of moral impulses, for good or
bad. The passing mood, the passing emotion, sway
him. And Meriel is like that. She can love: she can
hate; but she cannot be steadily or persistently any
thing.
In spite of her strange name she is hot a gipsy. At
least not consciously. Much gypsy blood lurks unknown
in the wild region of Dorset, where the Stanleys live,
and Meriel has associated with gypsies and poachers
from her childhood upward. She can even "patter
Rommany" a little, though only as an outsider; but her
people have long been settled in this district, and if ever
they were members of the Stanley clan, have forgotten
it long ago in all save their surname. As to her fantastic
Christian name, Meriel, that came to her from an aunt,
who inherited it in turn from five generations of female
ancestors. Meriel was christened by that name, though
the clergyman who baptized her tried hard to modernize
and vulgarize it into Muriel; but the mother stood up
str-"t!v nrrpjnst such new-fangled nonsense. '"Twas al
ways Meriel with the Stanleys and the Tibbalds," she
siii-j, with true pride of race, "ever since I heard tell of
'cm; my maid shall be Meriel, passon will it or passon
nill it." And Meriel she was from that day onward.
It may surprise you to learn that Meriel was ever
christened at all; for when she was a bairn the nearest
church to Greydown was at Upton Parva, seven long
miles across the moor as the crow flies; and the people
of Greydown in those days recked little in most ways of
churches and parsons. "They were a barbarous folk up
here, zur," Meriel's father said to me one day, in a
rare burst of loquaciousness, for he is a silent man. "I
don't suppose you'd 'a found a more barbarous folk
anywheres in England, go forty years back, than the
Greydown people." And he was quite right. The hill
itself stands mainly in Dorset, but it lies at the upper
end of three river valleys, and at the junction of three
shires: so for ages it was the refuge of all the evpsies.
the horse-copers, the sheep-stealers. the poachers, the
miscellaneous riff-raff and outlaws of the neighborhood.
Nowadays their descendants for the most part are hon
estly occupied in broom-making and basket-weaving:
but they do not take readily to steady labor, preferring
to be free and to be their own masters — a natural taste
which I confess I share with them. Nevertheless, even
in their worst days of barbarism, the Grevdowners al
ways christened their children in church, and were mar
ried by parson — not that they attached much religious
Importance to the rite to either case, btrt they Iflced the
importance of it; that was the regular authorized way
of doing things, and they would wish the settled folk
down yonder at Upton to know that the Greydowners
were every bit as good Christians any day as they were.
Because you are a broomsquire, that is no valid reason
why you shouldn't behave like other civilized gentle
folk.
"Then you really were christened, Meriel?" I said to
her once, interrogatively. And she answered. . half
laughing, "Yes, I was christened all right, zur: but I
don't suppose it took." And I think she was' right, for
a verier pagan than Meriel Stanley it would be hard to
light upon. As a girl she grew up on this high moor
land, running about shoeless and stockingless among
the gorse and heather, and trapping leverets, and
browning her shapely legs with paddling in the ponds
after newts and tadpoles. To this day she can tickle
trout against any man in Dorsetshire. Her father's cot
tage lay among tall bracken in a valley of bottom. just
below the gibbet — that gibbet on which the murderers
of the warfaring woman were hung in chains a hundred
years_ ago, and which long remained a terror and a
warning to evildoers, the sole symbol of civilization, re
pressive civilization, in these lonely uplands. You can
tell the cottage from others about by the climbing red
roses and by the great stacks of dry heather piled out
side the door and waiting to be made up into farmhouse
brooms such as are used for rough work in yards and
stables. Before Meriel was io years old she knew as
much about jays and weasels and hawks and foxes as
Sir Walter's gamekeeper. She could show you the
mottled brown eggs of the night-jar, lying loose on .the
bare ground without nest or shelter; she could find the
wren's callow young and the baby stoats in the copse;
she had observed at what age the soft little hedgehogs
begin to get their prickles hardened, and where the
woodcock probed with their long,- straight bills after
grubs and worms in the soft, spongy moss of the peat
logged hollows. At 18 she was tall and beautiful, with
wild unkempt hair; hair long and black and straight and
wiry, without a suspicion of curl in it, recalling, per
haps, the remote Indian blood of her gypsy ancestor:?,
once Jats of the Punjaub. A handsomer girl of her
v/ayward peasant type I have seldom seen. Let me try
to describe her.
Meriel's head is shapely and well poised on the shoul
ders — a trait which you will find almost always accom
panies the impassioned character. Her neck is erect,
and she carries herself proudly. The pose reminds me
at. times of the portraits of Dante. And indeed. tKough
it may sound orld to compare this wild English moor
land girl with the proud, sardonic Tuscan poet. I can
recognize in essence ?. certain community of type be
twecn the two. Her eyes are dark and shy. but with
sudden flashes in them. The eyebrows and eyelids are
black and abundant. Her long, straight hair flows down
on her shoulders when loosed — as it often is — or else
is gathered up into a great careless bunch at the back of
the head, with folds covering the cars, which recai!
Charlotte Bronte. For, bar unessentials, Meriel is iust a
Charlotte Bronte, undeveloped. Her features are some
what large, but soft in outline; her chin stronc; her
mouth has sensuous, thick lips, redeemed by the ex
quisite curve, like a Rosetti portrait. The hands are lone
and slender; the fingers have a curious tremulous move
ment; the whole emotion of the woman conies out in
them at times, as it comes out in her heaving bosom,
her flashing eye, her close-set lips, her strange, wistful
expression. She impresses me always as vaguely long
ing for something above her — something she has never
known and never will know — something from which her
class and her lack of education forever divide her.
You must know Meriel pretty well indeed before
you begin to suspect how much there is in her. Like
most people of intensely passionate natures, she is not
given to speech: her thoughts and feelings lie too
deep for words; and even if her pride did not .prevent
her from saying at all times what she feds, her mere
lack of vocabulary would suffice to keep her from vol
uble self-revelation. Nor is she by any means demon
strative. It is an error to suppose that emotional na
tures are necessarily given to expressing their emotion
cither in words or gestures. The exact opposite would
be truer. Emotion hides itself. Meriel's manners are
quiet and reserved; she is not fitful cr restless: you
cannot often sec how profoundly she is thinking or feel
ing; only at rare moments does some accident reveal
the real depth of her nature. Once I caught her at
sunset by the two-step stile that leads from the moor
into the lammas fields. She did not hear me coming.
I crept up behind her, admiring her lithe form. ?il
houtted against the red sky, as she leaned on the stile
and gazed at the crimson and orange clouds before her]
When I drew quite near she turned round with a short
sigh. To my surprise I saw she had tears in her eyes.
"That's a beautiful sky, Meriel," I said. She clasped
her hands and answered, "Oh, beautiful, beautiful! A
sky like that makes one cry, zur, doan't it?" Then, as
if she had let herself go too much, she turned and fled,
like the wayward, forest-haunting thing she is. For a
Snpnth af:er, whenever she saw me. she seemed to slink
on one side, as if ashamed of having let herself be dis
covered in the act of admiring nature.
A girl of so deeply emotional a temperament could
hardly grow up without loving much «nd loving often.
The full wealth of her soul could only expend itself on
those she loved profoundly. Even as a child. I remem
ber, she used to creep out of the cottage on summer
nights and go to a spot in the copse where the badger
nested; there the badger cubs would steal out. unde
terred by the presence of that other wild creature, and
play clumsily with their mother in the sober twilight;
«;nd Meriel adopted one and loved it, as other children
would love a dog or a pigeon. The choice was signifi
cant. That sympathetic heart could waste its affection
on the veriest bear; perhaps it was well, for what sort
of men could poor Meriel hope to captivate among the
chairmenders and basketmakers of her wild moorland
home? It is not the man that the woman really loves —
especially such impassioned women as this — it is the
ideal she makes of him. And a passionate character
like Meriel's will erect a golden image of some game
keeper or some groom and bow down to it in secret as
devotedl}- and earnestly as a lady will bow down to her
dissolute dragoon or her worthless, drunken cross
country rider. Idealism works this miracle — it is easy
to idealize a laborer or a navvy as an insipid curate or
a sneering stockbroker.
When Meriel was 16 her passion was for the footman
at the great house in the valley — the footman with the
blue livery and padded calves, who spent half the year
at the town house in Mayfair and half at Greydown.
Not that she ever told her love; it is not the way of
girls like Meriel to wear their hearts upon their sleeves.
I doubt if anybody save myself who am a novelist by
trade and therefore observant of these little signs of
emotion, ever so much as guessed it. But day after day,
when Alfred was about, Meriel would hover near the
gate of the great house, waiting and watching, amply
repaid if the hero of her young love came out on his
way to the village on some errand and gave her a pass
ing nod and a "Good day, young woman." She gloated
over his livery, I feel sure; gloated over it with the ad
miration which an Earl's daughter feels for a hero's uni
form. But Alfred went away some months later "to
better himself at Brighton, and after mourning him for
six weeks Meriel fell a victim to the charms of the stal
wart young policeman who arrested Ted Vaughan for
causing incendiary heath fires at- Highdown Firs. This,
of course, was sheer treason to her class; family honor
intervened: Septerius Stanley, her father, was the friend
and associate of gypsies and poachers and tramps and
horse-stealers; he could hardly let. his daughter consort
FOR THOSE WHO WEAR RINGS
IT is doubtful whether the origin of the custom of
wearing a ring as a symbol of marriage has ever
been established beyond dispute. It is certain, how
ever, that the custom is an ancient one, for in the
Bible may be found several references to rings, and the
Christians used the ring as a symbol. of marriage in Bgo.
Regarding the custom of wearing the wedding rin:^
on the most useless finger of the left hand — the third
finger — the explanation has been made that the helpless
ness of that finger is a protection to the ring, as on the
weakest finger it" is preserved from rough usage. An
other reason given is that on the third finger there is a
vein leading from the heart, hence the same excuse as
that given for shaking hands with the left hand — "nearer
the heart."
In olden times kings and others in authority wore on
the ring a seal or image that indicated power, and in
the time of Moses the priests wore rings' as' symbols of
office. In the British Museum quaint rings, made of
porcelain, which once adorned'the fingers of the poorer
classes in Egypt, may be seen.
Among the Jews the ring is an important factor in
the marriage ceremony, and in Germany the husband U
expected to wear his marriage ring continuously. In
fact, it would be a difficult matter for a man to re-estab
lish harmony in his home were he discovered to have
removed the symbol of marriage from his finger, the in
ference being that he had been trying to conceal the fact
of his marriage.
Queen Victoria possesses many rings, but three of
these have a special value, in view of the history con
nected with them. One is her wedding ring — a narrow
gold band. The second is her bethrothal ring, a snake
made of emeralds, and the third is a diamond ring given
to her by Prince Aibert when she was a young girl.
Queen Elizabeth, who was noted for her love of
jewelry, wore many rings. The Emperor of Germany
is another royal personage who has displayed a liking
for rings. It is said that on all important occasions
the Kaiser will be seen to wear oh his left hand a mas
sive gold ring set with a large dark stone. The ring is
credited with heing an heirloom of the Hohenzollern
family and came into the possession of Margraf Ulrich
away back in the thirteenth century. After a series of
adventures and mishaps the ring became the property of
the Kaiser, who, although not a superstitious man, is
never seen on occasions of state and importance with
out the ring.
Rings have been fashioned from every material of suf
ficient strength to be put to such use. including gold,
silver, steel, brass, iron, bronze, ivory, jet, earthenware
and wire.
Curious instances have been cited where makeshift
substitutes for the conventional wedding ring have been
utilized during the marriage ceremony. One such, occa
sion occurred some time ago in a nearby town, when
the ring was missing. Nothing better being available
as a substitute, a curtain ring was used, and on still an
other occasion the ring handle of the church key waj
utilized.
uncensured with a mere policeman. And the young po
liceman himself was not likely to care for so disreput
able a connection. In the essence of things, it is true.
Meriel was as far above him as a poetess is above an
ordinary young city man; but the essence of things, I
fear, counts for little or nothing in matrimonial matters.
Meriel had to give up her stalwart policeman and con
sole herself later on with Ted Vaughan himself, when
that noble young savage came gayly out of prison.
But every man and every woman has one great love
in a lifetime, and after many lesser trial trips Meriel
Stanley found hers at last in Joe Arundel. the poacher.
You may laugh; but I can tell you an affection like
Meriel Stanley's is no laughing matter: the fact that she
could idealize a great hulking rowdy and bully like Joe
is in itself a strong proof of the woman's deep poetic na
ture. Outwardly, tranquil of demeanor, a dreamer - and
brooder, Meriel has yet a profound admiration such as
the natural woman always feels for the man of courage
and the man of action. Do you remember Homer's
Andromache? She is the" true type of the impassioned
woman of these lower grades and lower races — the
woman who can love and endure much, to whom crime
•and bloodshed are but natural attributes of the hero she
worships. Hector Had attacked the town where An
dromache lived, had sacked and burned it. and slain her
father and mother and had carried her off as his wife
after the primitive mode" of "marriage by capture." And
did Andromache hate him for those deeds of violence
with all. her soul? Not a bit of it: she accepted such
little episodes as part of the established order of things
and clung to her Hector and loved and cherished him.
and worshiped him with a worship passing that of the
willing chooser. "But, Hector," she says to him in
that immortal passage which has stirred the hearts or
a thousand generations, "but. Hector, thou to me art
father and mother, and thou to me beloved husband."
Meriel Stanley is a survivor of barbarism cast in the
same mold. She could have worshiped the man who
stole her from her home and slew her parents, if only
he had the qualities she could respect and idealize
Now Joe Arundel, "the poacher, was the whispered
terror of his own neighborhood: from childhood no
Meriel had heard sli her own set admire and describe
with glowing praise the bold acts of this brave and sul
len desperado. Joe had been three separate times in
prison — a proud distinction; he was even eravely sus
pected of having murdered the gamekeeper, whose
corpse was found wrapped up in faded leaves at the bot
tom of the chestnut copse by Dolman's Hollow. Toe
did not admit the impeachment, but neither did he re
ject it: he tossed his head and looked arrogant when
ever the subject was alluded to in his presence. Too
proud to deny, he was too cautious to boast. Meriel
would stand by and admire him silently. It was not
Meriel's way to be demonstrative either of affection or
admiration: only by the quick twitch in her bloodless
fingers, by the knitted brow, by the eyes steadily fixed
on her chosen hero, could one tell how immense was
her admiration for the man who had defied the whole
banded power of the law and the country, and exposed
himself to the risk of a rope for his last portion. " Her :
fists would clench themselves till the nails dug into the
palms and almost drew blood v.-hile Joe talked in dark
hints of some' little brush with Sir Walter's keepers, or
vaguely alluded with picturesque mistiness of thought
and language to some fight with the police over :i
brace or two of pheasants. For. brought up as she had
•been, passionate rebelliousness was almost a necessary
feature of Meriel Stanley's character. She hates law
and order with the natural hatred of a hunted creature:
what have they ever done for her and hers save harry
them into prison or hound them to the workhouse?
The gentry in her eyes arc so many oppressors of her
wild, free kind; they would drive all the world from the
heath and the copse into service or the factories.
Meriel wants none such. For her, the open moor and
the wide air of heaven !
Joe for his part did not readily discover that Meriel
was in <-love with him: Joe is not by nature an intui
tive creature: he can read the tracks of bird and beas f .
in the snow far more easily than he can reid the marks
of human feeling or human passion. And Meriel is not
the sort of girl to fling herself at any man. She falls
in love, it is true, easily and rapidly: her passions have
the barbaric quickness and certainty. Almost at 'sight,
she says "I love that man,", or "I do not." But she
says iti to herself 'alorie. "Torture would not draw frorol
her the overt>confession. In that, once more, she is a
thoroughgoing savage. Your savage woman loves des
perately, but in silence. She is coy and wayward. She
flies like a squirrel from him who pursues, and then
turns and smiles — not because she wishes to escape, but
because Vome deep instinct of her race teaches her that
to fly is the proper part of woman: ; But I could see
from an early point in this growing passion how Meriel
was letting her love for Joe swallow up her entire na
ture. She would sit on the logs by her father's house
when Joe came round, with her strong, small chin
poised on her open hand, and listen while Toe talked to
Septerius Stanley, as rapt as if Joe's few jerky inarticu
late sentences were the purest flower of human elo
nuence. Did ever man talk like Joe? Did ever man loo:<
like him? Six feet two— though a trifle hulkintr and
shambling in gait. I must admit, with a scar on the left
cheek won in open fight with those oppressors of the
human race, the police: and with courage enough to go
on to the bitter end. till fate landed him at last in that
lofty position in death he was bound to occupy. Merie!
• looped and sighed. He was a king among poachers.
Night after night she would creep out by the copses
where Toe might be found, and as he skulked oast her
with his blear-eyed ferret would suggest to him casually
in n, careless voice where the best pheasants were likely
to be found, or point out which path the keeper had
last taken on his evening round through the chestnut
plantation. She knew as much of woodland lore as Toe
himself, I fancy, and Joe accepted her hints with an
graceful country awkwardness. Still, he thought her
"a knowing one," and told her so sometimes. Meriel's
brown cheek flushed red through the russet at words of
praise from her hero's lips. Anybody but a foo! or
Joe — would have known she was in love. But Toe.
though a sharp hand at a trap or a net. is not remark
able for the-quickness of his instincts.
At last one evening as they stood together by ths
copse (the merry small rabbits gamboling all round
them, and the corncrake rattling). Meriel told him some
point she had observed about the hare's "forms" in the
heath — a new wrinkle even to the experienced poacher.
Joe gazed at her and smiled — smiled from ear to ear
with expansive appreciation. "Meriel, maaid." he sair!
slowly, with open mouth and hanging lip, '"cc do know
a thing or two, *cc do! There bain't dree maaid* or.
Greydown Hill knows as much as thee. maaid. If thes
an' me was to come together us 'ould do a good triad*
in the poachin', ouldn't us?"
Meriel's heart beat high, Meriel's cheek* flushed
crimson. He had recognized her at last, then: this
prince of men had spoken! She drew away a step or
two, with her quick, squirrel glance. "Doan't 'cc talk
like that, Joe," she said, and gave a little toss of ths
proud head — yet her voice tender. "I bain't one
of the men. They'm all deceivers."
It dawned acro>s Joe as she withdrew her face that
Meriel really liked him. Joe was a lady's man ia his
way, but his way was not Meriel's. He slipped his arm
round her waist. Meriel tried to evade him. thoush
'twas a formal evasion. The proud heart was won lonsr
ago. Tears stood in Meriel's eyes. Joe Artmdel had
chosen her!
After that they met nightly on the moor among tha
tall green gorse. or else in the copse where Jo« killed
the keeper. That thrill of romance and terror suited
Meriel's fancy well; slie felt about the copse as some
Homeric maiden of Uion might have felt about the
spot where her lover had slain in open fight a mighty
man among the Myrmidons. Educated and cultivated,
she would have wandered by herself and read Shelley
and Rossetti; as it was she stole off to meet Joe in the
copse which had been the. scene of his greatest and
most successful encounter with the despotic forces. By
and by she began to talk to him tentatively of mar
riage. Joe didn't think much of that — Joe was not ; >v
nature a marrying man ; he took it they might get along
well enough* by themselves without the passon and the
paJsoVs fees. But there Meriel's will was iron. All the
Stanleys from all time had been duly married in church,
and she wouldn't go back upon the tradition of the fam
ily. '"Passon to Upton Parva won't want to marry we."
Joe objected, grinning. "Then us can go to Exeter."
Meriel answered with grave earnestness, "but married I
will be, and to none but thee. Joe Ar'ndel." After that
Joe felt that there was naught for it but to give way. He
gave way with a bad grace, and entered a church for the
first timesincehis christening. "It pleases 'er an' it don't
hurt me," was the explanation he gave to his poaching
pals of his unsportsmanlike conduct. At the same
time he made it clearly understood that he did not mean
to let his new state seriously interfere with his manner
of living. "'•-•- I
Once married Menel went on loving her worthless
husband with the unvarying and incredible devotion of
an impassioned nature. Nothing he could do to her
seemed to alter her affection. Her man might come
home drunk and beat her; that was only natural; men
are built that way; and was it not to be expected that
a splendid creature like Joe — six feet two inches in hi 3
shoeless feet and broad-shouldered to mateh — should
knock about a weak woman who loved and admired
him? Meriel was no shrew. Souls capable of deep
feeling are seldom scolds. She endured it all— and
worse — because it was Joe's pleasure. Her first baby
came. Meriel positively idolized it: her baby: Joe's
baby. I doubt if any child in the squire's nursery was
ever so much made of as the poacher's brown boy. with
his father's. eyes and black hair like his mother's. Not
that she talked of her little one much. Meriel never
talked much about anything that moved her inmost
soul. She had learned how to do without sympathy.
But one day as I passed her cottage in the glen she
was seated on a log outside the porch where red roses
clambered, holding out a foxglove spike to please her
baby. 'That's a fine boy, Meriel," I said, looking at
him. Tears came into her eyes once more. "Yes. he's
a tidy little man. zur," she answered, holding him uo to
be admired. "They do tell me he favors Toe." And
she said it as she might have said. "He resembles the
prince, his father." The fierce, suppressed earnestness
of her tone fairly touched me. ''I never saw a prettier
baby in my lilY T replied. She looked up at me. a
shy glance, with gratitude in her eyes, but she answered
nothing. Her thoughts were too deep for such words
as she knew. Only a poet could have uttered what was
passing within her.
I said at the beginning I conTd never see Meriel with
out an inner shudder at the fate which is in store for
her. What fate? you ask. Well, it seems to me inevit
able. I have a sort of premonition of the vcrv wav it
will come. Some day Joe will get into a quarrel with
some other man ribout n woman — the other man's wife
and Mend's rival. The two will fisrht. and the other
man. being quicker though less powerful than Toe. will
get him down and hold him. Then Mericl will rush in
to her faithless husband's aid and stab his assailant. She
would never stab her rival — she is too proud for that:
but she would stab the man who for her rival's sake
dared attack her hero. The rest follows of course. And
those who read the report of the trial in the papers
will on'y know that a poacher's wife, a very -bad lot. the
daughter and associate of criminals, was sentenced to
death for murdering a man with whom her good-for
nothing husband had been Quarreling. But I know all:
and in some dim way I can feel for poor Meriek
MERIEL STANLEY, DOACHER.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
BY GRANT ALLENONE of the most lr.tereetlng shcrt
trips from Singapore is a visit to
Johore Bharu. the residence of H.
H. the Sultan of Johore, and the
capital of the state and territory
of Johore. It is situated at the extreme
Fouthern end of the Malay Peninsula and
la separated from the island of Singapore
by the narrow Straits of Tebrau (only one
and a quarter miles wide).
Johore is ruled over by a Sultan under
an English protectorate. The armed force
of this little kingdom consists of a regi
ment °f native troops, uniformed in dark
blue, with white helmets, and are very
well drilled.
The population i? composed of a few
whites, holding positions under the Sultan.
the masses being Malays and Chinee.
The religion is Mohammedan.
The pres*?nt Sultan only took the throne
within the past few years, on the death
cf his father. He received his education
In England, is now SS years of age, six
feet in height and *s quite good looking.
Well built and an athlete, he takes great
pleasure in all outdoor amusements, hav
ing an excellent football and cricket n>'d,
where many a* hotly contested game tales
place among the subjects for trophies pre
sented by the Sultan.
He is also one of the twst whips in the
Kast. and maintains a large racing stable,
to which he gives his personal attention,
hip horses being among the finest and
faFietst in the country. He is an excellent
thot and very fond of killing big game,
but owing to the scarcity of the larger
animals in his immediate vicinity at pres
ent he has tigers and leopards trapped up
country and tint to blm in rages, and
when k*en for a tiger hunt turns on? of
these beasts loose In the jungie near
Johore and has his sport shooting on
foot, a very dangerous but highly excit
ing pastime.
The round trip can be made in one day.
starting early in the morning and return
ing in the cool of the evening. Leaving
••Singapore Town" about 7 In the morning
with a pair of t-->od hcrses a_nd an open
T|[E SUXDAY CALL.
doors. The spears and staffs of state, of
which there are about 109. are marvels of
workmanship, being made of solid . gold
and silver,- studded with precious stones.
Among the swords are two more con
spicuous than the others, they being worn
by the Sultan. They are of the Bclmiter
shape, having the hilts and ncabbards
studded with jewels,. while the center of
one of the scabbards contains a ruhy and
the other anemerald, -both stones -being
about the size of a walnut.
The next compartment contains three
tiers along two sides of. memorial vases.
cups and plates of solid gold and silver,
also Jewel studded and suitably engraved,,
depicting the. visits of royalty. ,
The next room , contains numerous large
fold-bound boxes, about fifty in number,
olding full table services of plates, cups,
saucers, knives, forks and spoons In solid
gold, with : the Sultanlc crescent In bluo
enamel. This room alone represents a
King's ransom. Crossing the corridor
from these rooms we are ushered into tho
rooms of state, where his Highness re
ceives his subjects and attends to state
affairs. These rooms are furnished In
carriage ¦we drive tto Kranjl. r email
Malay village across thp straits and op
posite "Johore, arriving about 9 a. m. This
drive forms one of the most charming ex
periences In the East, through a lovely
country glowing vdth tropjcal life and
vegetation, along: reads which may be de
scribed as perfect. -
On arriving at KranJS we take a sam
pan (a type of small boat used by ths
Orientals and propelled by a long sweep,
at the stern*, and after a pleasant
though short journey across the quiet
water of the straits reach the landing
steps, at Johore. The view of Johore in
crossing the straits is most beautiful, a
long esplanade skirting the shores for two
miles. To the extreme right the thickly
settled native and Chinese quarters; In
ihe center an eminence called Fort Hill,
on which la mounted several large • bat
teries, whiie to the left are two hills on
which are erected the "Istana," a largo
square wiute building, two stories high,
the residence of the Sultan, and the new
mosque.*
On leaving our sampan we are met by
numerous jinrikisha men, all clamor
ing to act as our guides. After picking
out the most intelligent looking chaps we
start sightseeing. After ten minutes'
ride past the recreation grounds and up
the, hill we approach the royal guards,
who stand at a salute while we are pass
ing, and at the palace entrance are met
by the ma jordomo of the household, a
Malay. In all the splendor of Oriental
dress, who ls^o act as our guide.
Entering the ground floor of the palace
we wander through a long corridor floored
with marble and flanked on either side, by
large rooms protected In front by iron
bars* and 6ecurely locked, each room being
under the charge of a special guardian,
who stands, at the door and wears a dis
tinctive costume.
After the removal of numerous bolts we
enter the first compartment and here vJew
all the state swords and staffs of gold and
silver used on state occasions, each hav
ing Its own compartment behind elas.»
dark leather and present a very rich
thougrh somewhat modern appearances
Resuming our tour of Inspection w»
came to a long room at the other end of
the corridor. This isi the- private dining
rrom of the Sultan and is beautifully
f nlshed In hard woods. In the center Is a
ttble that will seat at least fifty people:
with swingine punkahs over It makmlj
the room delightfully cool. while alonx
th«- walls are ranged magnificent vasea
and inlaid chairs.
To the left of this room Is th» -great
state dining salon, having two large tables
and throe small ones. H*re Is to b« seen
the celebrated gold candelabra. This room
has plain walls and floor of marble, a
hard wood ceiling, and is magnificently
rich In its simplicity. Proceeding up a
broad flight of marble steps, between
tropical plants and palms, we arrive at
the entrance of the drawing room, which
is furnished more on the English than,
tho Oriental style. Here is to b« seen
rare bric-a-brac and works of art from
all parts of the world. The furniture is of
heavy brocaded silk with the woodwork
inlaid. Magnificent crystal candelabra
and rich vases abound, and the floor is
covered with an Immense .Persian rug oi
<Jeep color.
Opening from the drawing room at on*
end is a large music room finished in
white and gold, with celling of hard, light
colored woods and floor of highly polished
teak. On the walls are oil painting* of
the great musical composers of the world,
surrounded by heavy gold frames. To th»
left of the music room and opening into
it by three doors Is the fencing room, a
long narrow apartment with racks of
foils and rapiers, while the walls ire
decorated with weapons of every age.
Passing through portieres at the other
end of the drawing room, you find your
self In small luxuriously furnished loung
ing and card rooms. Tn* rest of this
floor is taken up by about twenty suites
of sleeping apartments, each supplied with
a private bath. These rooms are all hun«
in different colors, and present a truly
dazzling sight.
Finishing our inspection of the "Istana."
we next visit the new mosque built by
the present Sultan. Our way lies through
the beautiful Istana gardens between
tropical plants and trees, with small lakes
and terraces laid out In all directions and
delightful arbors and shady cooks at
every turn.
Tame doves and deer abound, perfectly
safe from the gun of the hunter. On th«
left side of the gardens a short distance
from the I?tana stands the palace of th«
Sultana. This is smaller and is not open
to visitors. After ten mlnutps' rid© in a
Jtnriklsha through this paradise w» corns
to the mosque, a square building In
white with four lofty towers, one at each
side. These are theifour entrances to tbs
mosque. The Interior comprises one large,
hall with a wide corridor running around
It. The ceiling and walls are Oriental In
their decoration and the floor of whit*
marble, while at one end" stands a small
platform, in red velvet and
reached bjr a spiral staircase. Her» pre
sides the high priest.
Leaving the mosque and after a rfhert
ride we come to a large square surround
ed by four high stone walls. Inside a
square building of wood and stone, di
vided Into two parts, one for the hospital
and the other tho prison, where all pris
oners from the entire Johore territory
are confined.
The methods used In the prison ar»
quite modern and the Inmates ar» em
ployed on the new roads, in chain gangs.
and In doing all state labor. To the left
of the prison are the cages wherein th«
wild beasts are kept until the Sultan
wishes a bunting party, and lucky Is ha
who obtains an invitation to such a hunt. _
Starting early in the morning for th*
Jungle where the tiger has been let loos*
a few days previously, the beaters go
around the Jungle, and to the noise of
'tom-toms drive the king of cats in the di
rection of the hunters. After the gams is
bagged a grand return and luncheon at
the palace Is held.
Pursuing our way. we arrive at the
Johore Rest House, on the right of th«
landing place, a beautifully furnished ho
tel, replete with every modern conven
ience and luxury, and after a delightful
luncheon spend the rest of the afternoon
In visiting the Chinese Town and fan-tan
games, from which the State receives a
large royalty. After a drive around the
esplanade, about 4 o'clock we cross th«
straits In our sampan, and finding our
carriage awaiting us. start back to Sin
gapore, the fourteen-mile dri\ - e In the cool
of the evening being most delightful
EL VISIT TO HIS HIGHNESS, SULTAN OF FOBORE
5TM3S SUTSDAY CAIJL.
nomination and election of Senator Black
burn to the United States Senate. But to
understand this thoroughly it is neces
sary to relate the incidents that led up
tO it. :, : V., '¦''¦:'¦':.
Goebel was convinced that the people of
Kentucky were paying an exorbitant toll
to cross the bridges over the Ohio River.
He determined. In pursuance of his cor
poration antagonism, to have the tolls re
duced. He introduced a bill in the Krn
tucky Legislature reducing the tolls to one
cent for each foot passenger. The meas
ure was bitterly opposed and a heated
fight ensued, which Goebel finally won.
Colonel John Sanford was a large stock
holder in one of the bridge companies and
was Intensely incensed against Goebel. He
wrote a long article and published it in a
Covington paper. In which he attacked
Goebel as the father of the bill In a scath T
Ing personal criticism. Goebel replied wJtn
an unsigned article that fairly broiled the
old soldier, and Sanford at once threat
ened to kill the author of the articSe on
sight if he ever learned his name.
Goebel at once claimed the authorship
of the letter, and both men carried ; .
arms about with them In expectation^
of. a meeting. At last It came on j >£
the steps of the bank of -which; /gM
Colonel Sanford was cashier. /*%%&
Sanford at once asked GO9l ,/
bel if he had written the y^O- "¦
letter, to which the Se.v /gt\-' •" *
ator replied at once, v^<^_*sk '•'
without the slightcay y/^-W'^SAiS-J
phow of emotion, V» '^^fifcw*'' ll^'"*'^
that he had. San^' /Jfj^^C^i'^Wl* '' :
• the contingencies which aroso were al
> ways provided for. It was this habit of
• looking a long way ahead and planning
> each detail to prevent failure that led to
his. drafting and passing of the Goebel
f election law a year before he wished to
I use It. It was passed for the very pur
. pose for which It later became useful— to
- 'secure his election as Governor of the
. State when he became a candidate last
. year. And it has served hl3 purpose well,
j In spite of the fact that It led to his as
. eassination.
I The law provided for an election ar
rangement in the State of Kentucky some-
If these election officers fail to do Us bid
ding throughout the State, and In spite
of their work the wrong candidate is
elected, they can still declare the electron
to have gone the way they wish it, and
there Is no chance for the opposing party
to win. The difficulty with which Goebel
met in carrying out this plan was that one
of his lieutenants in the , State Board
failed to do his bidding, when it was
found that in spite of the doctoring of re
turns by the various County Boards Tay
lor still had enough votes to elect him to
the gubernatorial chair.'
Taylor alone could never have swept
Kentucky as he did. It was the antl-
Goebel Democrats that enabled him to do
this. They were arrayed against Goebel
because of his action in the convention to
nominate a Democratic candidate. The
convention waa pledged to nominate Wil
liam Stone for Governor, but in spite or
this he went in with a small delegation
and won out in the briskest kind of a
fight. Of course the opponents whom he
had thwarted were ready to throw their
xupport to the Republican candidates, and
with them were the great number of
democrats whom Goebel had offended
!^ during his long Beriea of battles
SJKv in his Senatorial career. His man
ffii&V agement of the nominating
££l||v convention gives an insight
SSN' i>; v\ imo nia cOOl and c . alculat "
Sftsrjjf - i ;- -\ Ing character. Knowing
jgjjbjate 1 - : -' the necessity of keep-
PMBWgyiO X. Los posted as to the
25g£5r. •»'.;'-"' ''•A. changes in the bal
|P^7 ' \ loting, he secured
>^^V " " X tne services of
|r/?TH®hu' • \ p, bookmaker's
SfSrr < **& : " J\ sheet wrlt-
COitilam Cfoebel.
ARE WE TO HAVE A TUNNEL CONNECTING OAKLAND WITH SAN FRANCISCO ?
WHE bill Introduced In Congress by
I Congressman Kahn providing for a
i I tunnel to be constructed under San
PI Francisco Bay between San Fran-
J^ cisco and Oakland revives an old
movement and agitation which held
the boards on Loth sides of the bay about
twelve years ago. At that time the project
of a tunnel under the bay was advanced
by Dr. Edward Parsons, an Englishman,
who represented v syndicate of English
capitalists who were disposed to under
take the construction of the tunnel as a
private enterprise. Dr. Parsons was a
bachelor, iivir.g in San Francisco, •where.
Indeed, he continued to reside until hia
death, about three years ago. The Idei
ct the tunnel eeems to have been flr?t
suggested by him, and was by him com
municated to the English parties. The
proposition was received with high favor
In London. At that time the English at
mosphere was pregnant with tunnel
projects on the Thames and Mer6ey and
tunneling the English Channel between
Dover Heights on the English elde and
Calais on tho French.
Dr. Parsona received encouragement
from his English friends and a route for
the tunnel was surveyed across the bay,
extensive borings were made in the ma
terial of the bay bottom along the pro
posed route and a long series of estimates
and computations were made upon the
cost of the work and the various features
of profit and expense.
The engineer employed on the work was
Julian Le Conte, now one of the United
States Government engineers on harbor
work. It waa he who selected the route,
directed the borings and drew detailed
plans of the proposed improvement. Mr.
Le Conte is firmly convinced to-day that
the scheme as worked upon Dr. Parsons
and himself Is perfectly practicable, pre
sents but few engineering difficulties,
would largely reward the Investment and
is in all the best large proposition In Cal
ifornia to-day. Mr. Le Conto does not
think practicable, however, the tunnel
proposed in the bill introduced by Con
gressman Kahn. This tunnel proposes to
connect the water front with the Oakland
Bide via Goat Island, using that as a sta
tion for ventilation and ¦ other purposes.
The difficulty in such a project would be
the depth of the water of the bay along
the line.
This would be about a hundred and
thirty feet and would mean a weight on
top of the tunnel of about four tons to
the square foot, such a weight as no tun
nel could withstand; besides, the siope
down to the bottom level on both eldoa
of the bay would be too great. Further
more. It Is not likely that It is the char
acter of project that would como under
the province of the Government to take
up. It would not be a tunnel across the
border of two States, but one lying wholly
within one State, and with such internal
affairs of a State the general Government
does not concern Itself. Moreover, the
scheme being Injected Into Congren comes
against the full glare of the Huntington
Interest: and it Is likely that this force
if no other In the national council will
see that It is properly smothered.
The underbay tunnel is still a project
for private enterprise. Yet the measure
Introduced by Congressman Kahn sur
vives the asphyxiating Influences which
will assail it, it is likely that a survey
of the Government engneers of the har
bor of San Francisco, to whom the mat
ter will be referred, and of whom Mr. Le
Conte, as stated, Is one, will determine
that the tunnel which the Government
should build should be that of the Par
sons route and not of the Goat Island
route.
The proposed Parsons tunnel was five
miles In length and ran from a point, on
the San Francisco side west of Hunters
Point and east of Butchertown. across to
West Alameda. This tunnel would have
run under seven fathoms of water for
three miles nearest the San Francisco
side, and graded from three fathoms up
for two miles on the opposite side. Ap
proaching the San Francisco shore the
tunnel would have deflected somewhat
from the straight line, bending to the
west to avoid a deep sink of some fifteen
fathoms near Hunters Point; but for this
depression in the bottom, the line would
have be<3Q straight from West Alameda
to Hunters Point. This position across
the bay would have fixed uhe mouths of
the tunnel about three miles to the east
of the business center of San Francisco
and about two miles to the east of that
of Oakland; this, of course, would be un
desirable, It being much preferred that
the subway should start at the foot of
Market street if possible: but It was
found that the point selected was the
lowest place down on tho bay where the
water was shallow enough to admit of
the tunnel.
The cost of this work completed was
computed to be about one and a quarter
millions per mile, or about $6,250,000 in all.
It was calculated that the sum of seven
and a half millions of dollars would buy
all necessary lands, rights of way and
else, build the tunnel and lay and equip
all railroads needful as a part of the tun
nel system.
This money Dr. Parsons believed to the
day of his death he would be able to
raise, and year by year he kept working
on his scheme, corresponding with his
capitalists, planning, preparing and hop-
Ing. When electrical railroads came into
U3« their advent was hailed by him with
delight, for thereby he perceived an addi
tional and -forceful argument In behalf of
his project. Electrical railroads seemed
to Bolve many of the questions affecting
tunnel transportation. In the flrst place
the trains were much lighter than those
of steam roads, and hence did not Jar a
tunnel so much in passing through it: the
vibrations produced by train rumblings
of the earth have been known to cause
serious caves, and many tunnel disasters
which perplex the railroad officials as to
their causes have really had their origin
from these "train tremors."
Furthermore, an electrical railroad was
cheaper to build and equip than a steam
road and It could be operated at about
25 per cent less cost. But the great ad
vantage was that the problem of tunnel
ventilation was thereby solved. Ventil
ating a long tunnel used by locomotive
engines is the most baf!line of all diffi
culties with which the engineer has to
grapple. The engine is constantly throw
ing out smoke in the tunnel and this has
no ready means of escape. The conse
quence is that the air within soon be
comes vitiated and stifling. When the ris
ing incline is reached the engine must re
double its efforts and large quantities of
smoke and fumes are thrown out which
remain in 'the tunnel and float through
it. so if trains enter it frequently.. the air
becomes dangerous to breathe.
The length of the entire trip from Mar
ket street, San Francisco, to Broadway.
Oakland, would have been ten miles and
the trip accomplished in about the same
time that it takes a passenger by boat
and train at present. The passenger would
also have the advantage of a continuous
•ride without change of cars, and the trips
would have been at 15-mlnute intervals.
A very great advantage which the tunnel
would have presented over the boats
would have been no delays on account of
weather.
The great feature, however, presented
to the passenger by the tunnel would be
that of cheapness of fare. Fi\;e cents
would be the highest fare c.arged. Com
mutation tickets could be sold at 4 cents,'
with all punches good until used.
As Dr. Parsons' scheme was greatly
assisted by the tunnel sentiment In Eng
land growing out of the success of the
flrst borings of the English Channel tun
nel, so his project was marred by the
snuffing out of that work, which came
about as a Parliamentary matter. Tho
Interests which In England and Franca
would have been harmed by the construc
tion of the tunnel, when they caw nuch
a fact was possible from an engineering
standpoint, and remarked also that th*
financial backing behind the scheme was
ample to carry It to a .successful end, took
an entirely other tack In their fight
against it. They raised a hue and cry
that if the tunnel were built England
would be exposed to an invasion by
France in time of war, or, In fact, at any
time.
The panic won; the channel tunnel
was condemned by Parliament "on
strategic grounds." The magnificent
hand of commerce which would
have stretched across the jj channel
in five years was closed * Into a
flst- of war and shaken at Prance. When
this scheme fell a feeling of disgust per-*"
vaded the whole nation on all tunn«>s
projects, and this reached even to Sanj
Francisco and lay coldly on the enterprise,
of Dr. Parsons. All the structure which*,
he had erected tending to the commence-;
ment of work fell to pieces; his English'
correspondents ceased to answer his let-_
ttrs. This continued for several years,
until the doctor went to England and
stirred things up
again, and the tun
nel project took a '
new lease of life. *fl\a
Just then, when it */fl«
was getting Into |
operation again, the tSUWISI
doctor died and the
great scheme was .
again snuffed out. (fl
It promises now to
be revived by Con- Operation.
grs ssman Kahn'a
bill tn Congress.
¦Whether the Government could undertake
the building of It or not, its consent to tho
use of Goat Island for the purpose would
be necessary, which would properly bring
It before CongTess. Once In that body. If.
It Is not chloroformed by opposition In
terests and If It has the full support of
the California delegation, it may go far;
It may at least draw the attention of th«
Investing and constructing world to the
fact that there Is here In California a
great opportunity for a large Investment
in a property which will last forever and
which as time passes will enormously in
crease in value. GUSTAV DIETZ.
• ? ¦
The cost of the world's wars since tha
Crimean war. It is estimated, haa been
$12,265,000,000. or enough to give $10 to every
naa^yegaan ftn& chilA.on the **•&*• .
quick t^\» XVfeJFJr". l ''
for him V>*. \WMSJ&ZZ^??
and before %, \^WW^^'^-
San f ord 1 * */£* *©».• "^
hand had left *>^
UiH pocket Goe- &J** X^ '"""' '
bel had shot «nd «^
killed him. Th« £*> \- ->
shooting created the NT*?
most Intense excite- . *Vs} NMj
ment. Sanford had a *^ \
number of very powerful /CV/ CV
friends and many followers r
who had been associated with
him when he commanded a Coo-
federate cavalry regiment during
the war. These were bitter against
Goebel, particularly as Immediately
following her husband's death Mrs. San
ford went insane from the shock. Stand-
Ing beside his coffin, the. most intimate
of Sanford's friends— Joseph S. C. Black
burn—denounced Goebel aa a murderer
and swore to avenge his friend's death.
It was Bcarcely two weeks later when
the candidacy of Blackburn for United
States Senator was announced. His suc
cess was dependent upon the favor of
Goebel. Blackburn secured the nomina
tion, and from that time forward became
the stanchest of Goebel's friends and sup
porters. A man who could turn another
from so solemn an oath by the force of his
political power must be indeed powerful.
He laid his plans well and never al
lowed anything to escape him. Every lit
tle detail was arranged a long time ahead,
and his plans rarely had to be altered by
succeeding events. If they were changed
what similar to thfct existing In the na-
tlonal Electoral College. The analogy con- <
sists In the creation of a central board. 1
which passes upon all election returns
and declares the results upon the returns J
which It' receives from the county boards 1
throughout the State. The difference is !
that the State Board appoints each of the '
County Boards, and County Boards In "
their turn appoint the election officers, so .
that the State Board can control the eleo- I
tion officers, directly appointing those who <
will serve its will In determining what the (
reports of the various counties shall be. 1
*kW3Bi*«l''/ XV* ualkept
WfrMA?/ .<^ a tall >' on
MMxWml.y tVxV 1 the ballot
impimmx m^P lng ln a man -
Sg&Ss&g&x' * t\ » ncr similar to
ifpfsgT \V the way he keeps
ffigSir' * his bets in the
~s&W . r\V bookmaker's box. As a
"T^ ' J^ result Mr. Goebel could
V mX^ tell at a glance' at any
S/)!^ ' time Just how he stood
y and Just how his opponents
• stood. It 'was this valuable
0a Information which caused him to
W be at all times master of the situ
ation, and to refuse to listen to his
friends when they wanted him to
withdraw. He knew all the details of the
convention, and knew the standing of
every delegate. He sat on the stage be
hind the secretary, with his coat off and
his legs crossed. He appeared as cool
as a piece of ice. He never allowed him
self to be disturbed by the exciting scenes
with which the convention abounded, and
at no time did he feel that he would lose
the nomination.
Toward the end of tho convention the
gigantic Ollie James, a Stone man, rushed
tip to Mr. Goebel. and with his whole
frame shaking- with excitement and ln a
voice of thunder exclaimed, "You must
wKbdraw or we will nominate Hardin!"
Jameß .was the recognized leader of the
Stone forces, and he expected this wild
declaration would move, the Kenton
County man. But Mr. Goebel never
budged. He simply said in a quiet tone.
Curious Old Wedding Customs.
The flrst silver wedding dates back to
the time of Hugues Capet. Two servants
belonging to him had grown gray in his
service, a man and a woman, and what
could he do as a reward? Calling the
woman he eaid: "Your service is great
greater than this man's, whose service Is
great enough, for the woman always finds
work harder than a man and, therefore.
1 will give you a reward. At your age I
know of none better than a dowry and a
husband. The dowry is here— this farm
from this time forth belongs to you. If
this man who has worked with you five
and twenty years Is willingto marry you
then the husband Is ready."
"Tour Majesty." said the old peasant,
"how is it possible that w« should marry,
having already silver hairs?"
"Then It shall be a silver wedding," and
tRe King gave the couple silver enough
to Keep them In plenty. This soon became
known all over France and raised such en
thusiasm that it became a fashion after
twenty-five years of mar Tied live to cele
brate a silver wedding.
The practice of the wife assuming the
husband's name at marriage is a Roman
custom and originated soon after the Ro
man occupation. Julia married to Pompey
became "Julia of Pompey." In later time*
married women signed their names In the
same manner, but omitted the "of." How
ever, during the sixteenth and seventeenth
centuries the usage seems doubtful, sines
we find Catharine Parreo signing herself
after she had been twice married. In Ice
land the -opposite has always been tha
custom. There, after marriage, tho hus
band assumes the wife's name.
Our wedding cake is the remains of a
custom whereby a Roman bride held In
her left hand three wheat ears, and many
centuries later an English bride wor* a
chaplet of wheat. The bridesmaids threw
grains of corn or small bits of cake upon
the heads of the newly married, and tft*
guests picked up the pieces and ate them.
The wedding cake did not come Into gen
eral use until the last century, and was
then composed of solid blocks, laid to
gether, iced all over, so that when the
outer crust was broken over the bride's
head the cakes inside fell on the floor anl
were distributed among the guests. Bridal
favors are of Danish origin, the true ov
er's knot having been flrst designed by
Danish hearts and deriving its designation
from the Danish truelofa— "l plight my
troth."
The Story of Senator Goebel and the Great Kentueky political Feud
THE belief Is paining ground In Kentucky that the shoot-
Ing of Senator William Gbebe] from the window of the ex
ecutive building as he was on hla way to the Senate cham
ber was done not by a political opponent of Goebel but
by one of his own party. In other words, the opinion that
le now held by many is that within his own ranks Goebel.
i;v ff Caesar, had his Brutus, and that that Brutus, whoever
fee might b«, rebelled against the growing power of his
leader, against hla high-handed determination to
" ¦'' * '¦^** l< * I^_ place himself in the Governor's chair despite all
'"•"*">* v consideratione of law. of rlcht. His career
- j has been a cuccession of remarkable tri
"; 'I.i " urhphs. all due alone to his wonderful dar
*V • " . _^X Ing and audacious courage, coupled with his
V> ! ' ¦'^•^'^ Insatiable ambition. "Without money or social
,'_m "*^ position, with iittle education and few advan
\ tapes of any kind, ho worked himself up to his
© h!frh political position by the dint of his rare auall
( ties. And rare these qualities are. fortunately. He was
r horn In Pennsylvania In a little viliage in Sullivan County.
\ fcnt removed with his parents to Cov'ngton. Ky., when he
vras but 4 years old. He was trahi<\i as most Kentucky
$|\ youths are— trained to know no fear for man or beast, and
?^\ little for any higher power. His mother was a devout
rSiy church Woman, but he followed in hi? father's footsteps,
I** only he went further an>J turncu the parent's agnosti-
J cSsm to a son's atheism. There was no sentiment •or
f passion In his disbelief In Christianity, a devotion to his
f jnother. his one redeeming characteristic, forbidding this.
Chen h<» became older be wos placed in a jewelry store to
\ 'earn the- trade, but the first < pportunity he f=a*w he gave
) it up to study law, and SO i well did he succeed that It was
not lor.R before his efforts for his firm v.on their merited re
gard. Ho was first employed by Btcyinson <v Meyers in Cln
-'nr.atl. Later, when that firm was dissolved, he continued
"vui Governor John B. Stevenson in the flrai of Stevenson &
" (VHara. He bpramo prominent while yet with them
ag a pleader of capes against corporations and made
-"^ A specialty of damns'* ca?e= against the railroads.
zsz\ He conceived a Mttr-r antagoniFm to all railroads,
.1 and felt particularly bitter against the Louisville
m\ end Nashville Railroad. So *uccessfu! was he In
Vl. this line of work that after the firm of Stevenson
A O'Hara was dissolved he became .the partner
k^V . W °' Governor Stevenson. lie cominueJ in this
*l% -, V/V relation for a number of years until the Gov-
Hb lfei ' r^^\ ernor'e death, and then Jieramr» associated
PS B»' V-\ with John > : . Carlisle. IT<> was ;isKociatevl
fM /&&* \i-*»lw f.cv' - .tm< ::: nf xh<- Sena! ras Secretary ot
|*flSo^\ t ' : '^ :': ' asurv - *'* !l " relationship then
¦'.--\}[\l Pi, '''&>V of a year along
'24 - ' » '¦'' ¦"*'<s*siOSr Bn. who ¦was elect
'-' ;*'' : '' J 'wP^ ' 5 \ I was B^cceasful in his
yj*^^!-;'^^,'/ \i ' canijuiirr. !'i spit? nf the
rjP&*sy&£''<~ I determined opposition of capitalists
-' 'JBS&ffi&t** 1 ' I throughout Kentucky and has repre
• 1 B"ntcJ Kfiiinn County in the Senate
VJK^O^i^- >1 continuously since. His power in the
Y&tft4~i%-~> \^ Democratic party ir. the State becran
¦'"' -"-^yS&t l*ip*4r^ from his first campaign. He managed
4 t'-WSZikl&Zzifwh t^ is campaiKn himself ami won it in fpite
(P^|'B^ ll^i of tne opposition of leaders and of the
>¦ BBSv '-*•*¦""'"" l wealthy interests arrayed apainst him. Hig
t;/, 1 • I 6uccesa won their admiration and confi
• "^ *' 1 and from that time on his coun
; .ir? ! ""V? 1 * c ' s were 60U 8ht and accepted unques
*r''V ' A Hon'.ngly to a sreater-and greater extent.
¦ 1'; i.il'- ¦..-¦- ¦'..¦ ;\ until b >' the sheer force of his ability as
i -.\'\ -"'¦¦ b-jl a leader he pained the master hand in
' \ \ his party. This position, however, was
' ' -iS - -I Eot won without trampling under foot
l ->i- *l\ 7 - \ . the ambitions of many of his co-work
' ers. These were all cast aside without
.1 - l hesitation, his courage In this often Jus
ivi , . - I Itifying him in the eyes of his following.
'.vv*- 111 '•':. .But it made him relentless enemies, who
:¦ 1 ' eventually arrayed against him in his
. . Til last greatest campaign for the Gover-
" It,:, ¦ •"^Vf-l rorship. and these forces are the onea
that defeated him and led up to his
itil^m fT*~L~I death. An evidence of his great power
llltum LJOSD3I. and Irresistible force Is afforded by the
"All right, if you can stand it l can.
That was all; he never argued the quea-
tion: he did not ask why. It was such a
surprising answer that James was com-
pletely nonplused, and he retired from
the stage without another word. Goebel
was nominated without much further
trouble
During his campaign . there was much
bitterness and acrimony. Prominent Dem-
ocrats all over the State came out against
Goebel's candidacy.- Among them were
Senator Lindsay. General Simon B. Buck-
ner. Representative Owens and ex-Repre-
sentative Breckinrldge.
Senator Goebel defied* his enemies, and
by his abusive speeches outraged the pro-
prietie3. "Drunkard," "liar." "scoun-
drel." "cur," were some of the epithets
which he hurled at the most active of his
opponents.
During the storm of contumely Goebel's
life was often threatened, and he prom-
ised his enemies that when the campaign
was over he would wipe out some of the
insults to which he had l:een subjected.
It had #b°en predicted that blood would
be shed on election day, but the polling
passed off without unusual incident. On
the same evening it became evident that
Goebel had been repudiated by the voters
of the State, xbut the former Senator re-
maiufd calm and confident. He claimed
his election. r>nd the returns were Juggled
in every precinct of the State to count
him in. But In spite of tliirf the plot failed,
Goebers agents had not provided against
the emergency of a great majority for
Taylor. Liberal as their dishonest calcu-
latlons were, the final totals showed a
Etr.all but sufficient margin for the Repub-
lican Attorney General.
It was here that one of the men on
whom Goebel had positively counted
tailed him and the result was the issue
of the certificate of election to Taylor,
The State Board of Election Commission-
ers met at Frankfort on December 4 to
canvass tlio returns. "Supplementary"
returr.s had poured in from various coun-
;ics throughout the State, changing ma-
Joritics in favor of Goebel. The latter's
faction began the circulation of reports
that an army of intimtdators was bein«r
massed by the Republicans. Knowing
Democratic tactics the men from the
mountains did enter Frankfort. Prayer-
meetings were he.d in the churches, plead-
ing that bloodshed might not result,
Democratic claims were raised that In
these mountain districts—the counties of
jvnow, m3kdu»i, •-^mr , . • —
sue" ballots had been used, am! that,
therefore, the votes cast here must be
thrown out. In the city of Loul3\l.le the
calling out.of the militia was construed
by them aa ground for the invalidating
of the election there,
After four d^ys of canvassing and the
hearing of argument Commissionersi Pry or
and Ellis decided that the board »a<
merely as a canvassing body and coui-i
not go behind the returns to aec.do
whether or not the contested
should be thrown out in the count thus
overcoming Taylor's admitted majority o.
2383 votes.
Governor William S. Taylor and Liea
tenant Governor John Marshall were ln
augurated on December 12. nothing un
usbal marking the Inauguration. On that
day th* minor nfTicers on the Republican
list were served with notic,s that contests
would be entered brf>>re the State Board
of Election Commissioners. The mountain
men left Franklin and quiet settled down.
The Goehel men made 7eady to take up
the contest against Taylor and Marshall
in the Genera! Assembly, where they held
a majority on Joint ballot of thirty-two,
O:-. January * ootb houses organized at
r.oon. On January 3 the formal notices
of various contests were read in both
houses. Committees to take charge of
these matters weie authorized on the fr>l
lowing day. the opposing factions drawing
names from a hat. Luck favored the
Gcebel side and they secured ten out of
the eleven members of the commute* au
thorized to nandle the contest over the
Governorship. The body to deal with the
Lieutenant Governorship organized with
nine of the eleven members Goebeiltes.
On January 2 the flrst test on Joint ballot
came, when a contesting member, a
Goebel sympathizer, was given his seat
in the Assembly by a vote of 61 to *5.
Since that thne the Republican leaders
t have caucused frequently, each time an
riouncirg that they wHI use tho troopt
and fight for thtir rights if necessa.-y.
This was ttte state of affairs when Goe
bel was shot. Every one is familiar with
the subsequent details—how he was de
cjared elected by the Legislature on
Wednesday and received the oath of offlce
on his deathbed.
Whatever may be sad of Goebel. even
his enemies must admit that he was a re
markable man and by far the most capa
ble leader that the State of Kentucky
has had In any political party for years.
6
Jha
Junnel
in
Operation,speak a little English, and he started with
us to the' outskirts of the town, which
leads toward Mogi. One of the boys
bribed him to take us by giving .aim a
knife.
"I had lost my hat and had traded my
knife for a Japanese straw sombrero. We
did not rest easily until Nagasaki was out
of sight.
• "The boys of our party scattered in the
city: two of them struck out north and
the rest of us went west over the moun
tains to Mogi. The prisoners in the other
boats we did not pee again.
"The mountains were covered with
snow and we had no underclothes on
only those thin khaki suits. We had been
for over, a year in the tropical climate
and were nearly frozen' to death. """ "
"The' fellow, whose clothes were wet was
in a dreadful -plight.- We kept him run
ning. In fact, all felt more comfortable
in sprinting for more reasons than one.
On we went like March b&rea, witfc nota-
filed torether on thm lower deck of the
Government tug.
"If. you will come here," said the officer
In charge, "the prisoners may talk of
their Nagasaki escape."
Otto R. Conine of Company B, Sixteenth
United Steles infantry, was the first to
speak.
There w«* a bitterness In his vcJce and
a prlfle in Ms manner that imprisonment
had not yet huicMed. "The story of our
escape at Nagasaki," he repeated, and
ernlltd at the recollection. "Is a story of
failure." Then regretfully he added: "If
we had had money there we wouldn't be
here now — weuld we, boys? Those little
Japs won't give you food- unless you give
them money. We Boon found that out.
"A door between the compartments of
the ship on the lower deck had been open
all of the way from Manila and we had
planned to make our escape If we pot near
enough to land. Well, we waited until
fcbcoi 8:30 at night; then one of the boys
"Then we ventured out one by one and
dropped below. The moon was shining
bright and the harbor was filled with
those little Japanese' boats that ply about
steamers and carry sailors ashore; usually
the sailors who have no leave of absence.
"It wag our Intention at first to iwlm
ashore, and two out of the eighteen pris
oners did reach land that way. But the
Jirst fellow to Jump into the water carve
to crier. He got the notion in his nead
that he could swim more easily If he tied
his trousers around his feet. Instead of
wealing them. He started off all right at
first, and then- we did not nee him again
for fully Jive minutes.
"In the meantime the rest of us had
dropped into a little boat rowed by a Japa
nese sailor and made off. Every, minute
we expected shrieking bullets to pierce us.
We discovered the fellow with the trousers
about his feet floating along and pulled
him Into the boat, half-dead with cold and
fright. Then our boatman refused to »ro-
The McDowell touched day-street
wharf and the procession took up Its
march for the ferry.
The brown uniforms of the prisoners,
marked with, the capital P, were sufficient
to charm the curious, and a crowd fol
lowed in their wake. At the foot of Mar
ket street there was still another attrac
tion—a woman played an accordion and
was singing.
"She told me that In manhood
Temptation I would meet."
The men had been halted at the ttxrn
table. but the singer continued with tne
business of her music:
"She also said the world was full
Of falsehood and deceit."
A man at my elbow said brutally, "Are
you fellows prisoners?" No one answered
him.
Mcßennett could stand no more. Great
tears rolled down his cheeks and his lips
twitched.
"Tell that woman to stop slnjringr and
I'll give her a dollar." yelled a kind-heart,
ed man.
The mob still stared at the boys In
brown, and Mcßennett whispered as he
passed through the ferry gate:
"I wrote to mother while In Bilfbtd
prison that I was still on duty. I had not
the heart to tell her the truth: and. Miss,
if you say' anything in our favor please
cay," and here hl3 voice choked, "plea*a
say." and hesitated again, "Christine and
I were our mother's only support."
/\"\'ARET. ULt
In* to eat and not enough to wear. At
last w* cam* to a hotel. On* of the boys
had In his possession two deposit slips '
that. the paymaster gives when you de
posit money with him. The landlord kept
us at the hotel four days on the credit of
these slips." '
"I registered under a French name and
rave my residence as Shanghai. This ho- •
tel was quite a noted cesort. Prince Henry
of Prussia had been there 1 and written his
autograph on. the wall, and I put mine
beneath It.
"Two days later two of the boys wanted
to ro back reconnoltering to see If the
Meade had left port. • -We begged them '
not to go, but go. they would, and their
going- was our undoing. On their, way.,
down the mountains they met * it" squad of.
Japanese policemen. You never find' a '
single policeman In Japan; he Is always !
plural to the extent of seven or eight ,
And they took our boys for Russian spies, j
One oX the bojc cot away *nd baa not
¦ .: - ¦¦-¦ | .. .¦".
age— looked out ©v»r the water and
•ighed. then added:
"When I bad my trial my enlistment of
three years had already expired."
"What," I began, and floundered hope
lessly over ray question— "how did you
feel"— again I paused— "when you heard
that you were to be shot? What was the
charge and were you guilty? L*t me ask
them all at once while I have the cour
age."
•'How did I feel? Why. I Ju»t laughed
at the report. I thought It a Joke. I could
not believe it. What wai I charged with?
A crime that would leave very few men
In your city if they ware 'to be tried by
military courts. But my charges, like
miseries, multiplied. Violation of the
fifty-eighth article of war (criminal as
sault) and the blanket charge — disorderly
conduct to the prejudice of good order and
military discipline. Robbery, drunken
ness, »»tc. These were Just a few of the
charges that were brought against me.
But here is Mcßennett. He and Christine
had quite a time. How about that Mc-
Bennett?"
Mci-ennett'« eyes gleamed and his
cheeks glowed; then he stammered shame
facedly:
"Nothing." .
"Go ahead,"- said Christine.
"Well, you see " he began. "Christine
and I went north from Nagasaki after
leaving the boat, and we were dead broke
Not a sou In our. pockets; not even a
pocket-knife. We were hungry and cold
and begged from house to house for some-
Uiir-S to cat. but «very wiiere taey wanUd
Went to Die for Their Country Now Return as Disgraced Military Prisoners
THROUGH the Golflcn Gate the other
day in the hold of the transport
Meado rame four military prison
ers intent upon a last chance at
liberty. The l>a:s of a porthole had
boon f.lod and broken and freedom meant
or.'.y the lucky wellslfiS of an anchor.
Four men w att h< d the shore line speed
by and hoped and prayed that the big
transport would hug th- wharf when she
Slipped into her iirst mnfrir.g. Hut fate
and the tide were against, them and the
ileade lay out in the Piream.
Scarcely a month arc these men bad a
taste of liberty for six short days at
Nagasaki; day* of suffering and want;
days that to three of th«'m only equa'.ed
the ansui^h of the moment whe-n each
hoard bis Bentence;
"To be shot to death by musketry
at such time and place as the military
authorities may direct."
From Fort A!c;itr:iz the city glimmered
gray and mysterious beneath the Tog.
The four men. p'.ace.i under a grjard of
six. came slowly down the hill and pause.i
at the pans plank of the McDowell. The
wind and mipi crept over the "ruck" and
wrapped the group of shuddering prison
<rs In a phostly haze. They were in pairs
chained to each other.
The military discipline that spurred
them to victory In battlefield, but under
which they now writhed in disgrace,
served them once more. Th» hands that
frere not manacled fell to their sides.
Shoulders were thrown back and heads
raised hiph. They stood heavy and
swarthy, at iJ feet € and .as like a;
brothers. . . • ¦ , ,
lour pairs of blue eyes looked steady
s:id straight ahead from well-formed
brows. And the eyrs had In them a hint
of boyish humor and a kl'.'k of resent
i. -.- jniniiiift im'.LT the mtn were hud
--
stood up In the doorway to see If the
coast was clear.
"Ke had not been there five seconds
when we heard what we thought to be the
command:
" 'Halt.'
"Hack he came into the hold like a tur
tle into his shell and then one of the other
boys tried his turn about fifteen minutes
later. He made a careful survey and
whispered back to the gang:
THE SAD LOT- OF THE FOUR HEN
.WHO WERE CONDEfINED BY
GOURT-fIARTIAL TO- BE SHOT.
been recaptured, but the other was over
powered and taken to the consulate at
Nagasaki.
"Of course when the boys did not return
to the hotel we suspected trouble, but did
not expect it so soon. Early the next
morning, after breakfast, the American
Consul and policemen surrounded us,
and here we are."
His story had thrilled in the telling, and
then this hero of San Juan Hill— for he
was a member of General Hawkins* brig-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ceed until we had 'anteed up.' Finally we
took up a collection of 50 cents.
"We kept our eyes riveted on the trans
port but could detect no signs of unusual
commotion. Then our boatman called for
another ante. We were desperate. Three
of us had been sentenced to death and
several of the boys had long terms. Hav
ing no desire to return to the ship, we
scraped together some more dough and
gave it to the Jap. We hadn't gone twen
ty-five yards further before he made an
other demand. You can imagine that we
didn't refuse. I think If he had requested
each of us to donate our clothesi piece
meal, we would have done so. Twenty
flve yards further he stopped again, and
then our pockets were empty. Tbore
wasn't a cent in the whole'party of Beveu;
the Jap had it all.
"He finally jot us ashore and we min
gled with the crowds without attracting
attention.
"\\'% found a Japanese guide who could
money. The second night we were get
ting mighty tired and made up our .nlr>d*
to have a fire if we couldn't have shelter
and food. Th^re *vas no wood in sight, so
we tore up a bamboo floor, built a camp
fire and v.-ere « omfi.rtable for the first
time since wo hati left the ship. Suddenly
a crowd of Japs descended upon us with
two-headed sticks. ThVy nearly flayed »a
alive. There were thirty-five of them, mi
we soon disco-, end I bat the best *.hins
for us to do would be tf> run. We starte-i
down the track and rrw; anothfr squad.
so we left the rr.ain r &d and ran for the
mountains, the Jans In i-ursuit. We came
across a stream. i>:u:.ja\l in and lound !t
ten feet deep. We wen- rokl and hungry,
and concluded to k<< hack to Nagasaki
rather than freezo to d,.ith or starve.
"The charges brought against me were
that I stood guard at the door while the
other fellows burglarized houses, and that .
I was drunk and on ;h- street after taps
in violation of the law of the military
¦ governor. I was sentenced to be shot,"
he continued, ;ir.d then h:s voice broke.
"My mother saw It in th» paper and
wouldn't believe it. 1 sot a letter from
my brother, and he said v;hfn the Wash
ington authorities assured mother it was
true she fainted, and has be*n sick in bod
ever since."
- "I also received a death sentence,* vol
unteered William ?« arlnrr: <;n of Company
B, Third United States ' f intry. "I wa'a
accused of shooting t>r- .. ,t.>« and fright
ening the natives."'
"And I." sai-l Kohert C! ' :;tine of Com
pany M. Fourth United ! "ires Infantry,
"got twenty rears for \ ¦¦'¦¦•'•?.£ to stand
guard four times In sni ttion, and an
other charge of "rolstehav.oT before tSa
enemy.' "
These prisoners are all cvtftt 20 years of
age. In twenty-five years th*»y will hays
liberty, but with it the ;••-.•• 'h;:t hard labor
brings and the krrM\ i^<tre that never
again can they be eallcd < Uizens of tlie
United States, for that I* ire brand that
the United States penitentfqry gives. And
the pity of it is that only two short year*
ago they made off t<> the v ;¦ ; with eo;ir
age on Up and t>row and h ¦¦•• high in their
h*»ars. and now — and note - -¦
"I'll never lijht for the il.t^ ' sad
Conine.
7ON THE GOLF LINKS WITH CALIFORNIA'S FAIREST ATHLETES
' THE SUNDAY CALL,
the master instructor. He taught me
to play the game scientifically. Be
fore coming out here I was -the in
structor at King James VI Golf Club
at Perth, Scotland.
The trouble with most players acre
is that they take a few lessons and
they play ths game "any old way."
Now, golf's a game that's got to be
played correctly, or it's no use play
ing at all. You must master the
technicalities and work scientifically.
? By D. STEPHENS ON, ?
+ INSTRUCTOR OF THE SAN . +
\ FRANCISCO QOLF CLUB. ?
It's not the physical strength that
counts as much as the correct method.
Golf is not a hard or violent exercise.
I often go around the course tsn
times without feeling it. The coursa
is a mile and a half, with nine holes.
A player uses six or seven sticks, the
different holes requiring different
sticks.
There are young ladies here who
go, around two and three times, which
speaks very well for the endurance
of California girls.
My experience has taught me that
it requires two years for a naturally
adept player to put up a first-class
game of golf. T,hey can play fair 1
games in less time, but it takes that<
long to play golf with any style. One,
reason is that it often takes an in
structor almost as long to hit upon'
the faults of the pupil as it docs to(
correct those faults. He knows th?re (
is something wrong, but the rub is
in discovering just what it is. AJ
The trick in playing golf is to(
swing the body and arms together. ,
There are three stages in golf—driv
ing, approaching and putting. l(
teach pupils each one of these separ-(
ately, going around the course with,
them over and. over again until they
are sufficiently adept at driving to(
be promoted to approaching, and so/
on. Then when the three are mas
tered individually they must be com-(
bined. ~:\ (
The best lady players here can go/
around the course in from fifty-four
to fifty-eight strokes. Golf is like(
everything else — a player has off(
days when he can't play good style. /
First-class lady players at home go
around in from forty-two to forty-six(
strokes. That speaks for the differ-/
ence in the playing. But it must be^
remembered what a short time golfV
has been played out here. We have (
fine material to work with and in /
time California will certainly produce ,
crack players. \
Bbetwen the winners of the different clubs
A&nd' two questions will then be answered.
champion of all California will no
(Monger be an unknown quantity and the
of the game as compared with
kthat played in the East will be settled.
¦/ The lily-white, fade-away society girl of
yesteryears could never have stood a
Atithe of the work that golfing demands.
/The golf girl does not He abed until noon.
9 o'clock the girls are on the links.
/Breakfast is something more. than a sip
\ot chocolate and a crumb of toast. Tha
/golf girl eats the sort of breakfast that a
girl who is going to play golf for
*v three hours needs.
/ Moreover, the golf eirl doesn't shy at
sun like her sisters of long ago. She
>rolls back her sleeves to her elbow, and
/without compunction watches her arm
*)tan, even unto mahogany brown. She
Apulls her hat well down over her eyes, but
/now and then the little "sun kisses" filter
the brim and take up their
But the golf girl doesn't grieve
f over them. She knows that the bright
/eyes and rosy cheeks that the exercise
Kgives are worth even a dozen freckles.
( Mls3 Alice -Hoffman, who out-scored all
opponents in the last contest and won
xthe silver cup, is a splendid specimen of
/the modern girl who can swim, ride, row,
\fcr.ce, play golf or dance with equal ease
and grace. And strange to say. although
)Miss Hoffman is such an expert golf
? player, she laughingly confesses that golf
/is not her favorite game.
\ Hear, O ye tennis, players who hay»
'seen tennis snubbed into the background
)by golf! Miss Alice Hoffman says that
she thinks tennis is a much better game
jthan gol£ "It's a very much better game
than golf." repeats Miss Hoffman. This
is a consolation bouquet for tennis, and
from a golf expert at that.
"Golf's a good game for everybody."
pays illss Hoffman. "Young and old
can play it. or. at least, play at It. But
tennis needs the agility of youth. Peo
ple that can make a fair showing on the
golf links would be absurd on a tennis
court.
"This is simply an individual prefer
ence. Tennis appeals to me as the better
game. I spend a great deal of time play
ing both golf and tennis, but I must con
fess I prefer the latter. It's not that I
love golf less, but that I lovo tennis
more.
"How long does it take to become a
good golf player? Well, really, that's Im
possible to say. It's like everything else
it depends on the Individual. Some girls
take lessons and practice for months and
can't wiggle up to a hundred. Others ara
naturally adept.
"If the champion does corns to San
Francisco I don't think any of the girls
will miss the chance of playing with her.
I, for one. would be delighted to hay© tha
opportunity."
Golf has no rival in Miss Mary Scott's
preferences. There are few mornings of
the week that sha does not go to the
game.
"Of course, it's my favorite game." say«
Miss Scott. "I play it because I love It.
and not because It's the. thins to do. The
amount of time I spend on th« links Is a
proof of the fascination the game holds
for me."-
Miss Maud Mullins took to golf natur
ally, for her father has long been a golf,
enthusiast, and Miss MulHns became a
devote© long before the game reached its
present high-water mark of popularity.
Miss Mullina and Miss Scott hava botfi
won trophies in golf tourcamaota.
the hole, but it's still more important to
get it there in good style. It takes long
practice to p!ay golf correctly. Genius I*,
not more an infinite capacity for taking
pains than golf.
These are very busy days for Mr. Stc
phenson. the golf instructor at the San
Francisco links. In the spring a young
girPs fancy lightly turns to thoughts of
golf, for during the summer she wishes
to shine in this most popular game, which,
is now played at all the fashionable sum
mer resorts. It. isn't spring on the calen- 1
dar. but we arc treated to springlike days|
—balmy forerunners of that season. The
golf girls are taking advantage of them,
for the flit away to mountain and sea-|
shore midway in May. and the time to,
practice with an instructor is short.
Mr. Stcpheiiscn is a genuine hoot mon,(
imported, from the land of the heather/
and golf to initiate players into the de
lights and difficulties of the game. Mr.(
Stephenson has a Bobble Burns accentf
and a refreshingly frank way of putting,
things. -,;'
Rumor has hinted for some weeks that(
the champion lady golf player of the/ 1
United States was contemplating a trip/
to Southern California. A recent dispatch
verifies the report, and unless well laid',
plans "gang agicy" the Los Angeles play-/
ers will very shortly have an opportunity V i
of testing their skill with the champion, v
The San Francisco and Oakland clubs^
will also undoubtedly have the chance of/
playing with the golfist who is the top-X
most rose on the topmost branch. (/
A tournament will probably be arranged*
A "T" ADIES can never play golf in
A I a Rs S ood style as gentlemen.
* There are ladies who can out
play scores of men, but a first-class
piady player isn't in it with a first
-class gentleman player.
x I have been here nine months now
''and the enthusiasm for golf seems to
/steadily increase. There are several
) players who would live on the links /
sif they could. The ladies are just as
enthusiastic as • the men — some of
/them more so. They seem to care as
)much about it as the people at home.
k But it's different in Scotland.
There almost everybody plays the
/game, while here it is just confined to
jthe semi-leisure and wealthy class.
.Many working girls in Scotland play
and very good golf' at that. Dur
)ing their vacations they amuse them
selves playing the game and one 'or 1
two of them have made records.
They've been playing several hun
)dred years in Scotland, so the people
(there are brought up to the game.
They know all about it, even if they
'don't care 'to play. Young children
play and naturally acquire-'
with* the years.
I myself don't remember learning '
golf. I've played it ever since I could
toddle *over the links. I've spent my i
whole life on the links, first as a cad
dy, where, I was the favorite one of
r? V I^ady Athlete of to-day Usually
// Yfft <"-arrics a golf stick. One by one
d A V*" 1 other sports have taken In
ferior rank, while golf steadily in
creases in popularity. The tennis racquet,
fishing pole and. if you please, a gun. dec
orate My Lady's walls for auld lang syne.
But her beloved golf sticks stand ten
<Jeep in the best corner of the room. Nor
do they gather the dust of inactivity.
the weather man is willing the
Coif girls gather at the links.
You can find them almost any bright
morning enjoying their favorite pastime.
Out near the Presidio, where the club
house of the San Francisco Golf Club
Ftands, a patch of brown against the
green hiils and blue skies, there are al
ways at least a baker's dozen keeping the
caddies busy.
Miss Alice Hoffman. Miss Maud Mullins,
Miss Mary Scott. Mrs. Breedon. Miss
Caro Crockett and Miss Morgan are the
most ardent and successful golfers of
those who play in the San Francisco
links. Miss Alice Moffitt queens it easiiy
over the Oakland players. Mrs. Gilmour
Brown has wrested many honors for the
Sam Rafael Club by her fine playing.
The photograph taken on the San Ra
fael golf links by Dr. Arnold Genthe
shows the Misses O'Connor. Mrs. Hecht.
Miss Mcßean and Miss Carroll practicing
swinging.
The Los Angeles Country Club num
bers many good players and among the
best are Mrs. J. D. Foster and Mrs. Mar
tin Chase, formerly Miss Bertha Crouch.
Golfing is by no means as easy as it
looks. It'» one thing to get the ball intoThe surprising number of 400,000 was
reached by "David Harum" In a little
over a year; "Richard Carvel" In seven
months reached nearly 300.000: but per
haps the most remarkable record is that
of "Janice Meredith," which In three
months reached TQQfiQQ copies,
But from this sort of botany also a reac
tion has como. Thts botany Is too depend
ent upon the microscope and the labora-
to the matter that thereafter I forbore.".'
Nor were these sacrifices made by a man
of large means. Washington's wife was
rich, but not the general, and there was
never a year after his retirement from
public life that he did not have to en
croach upon his private fortune to make
both ends meet. When he died, in 1799,
he was worth less than $70,000 in his own
right. Had he lived ten years longer he
must have been a bankrupt. Washing-
ton literally wrecked his own fortunes to
build those of the republic/"
He was not a genius in the common
acceptation of that much-abused term.
He belonged, instead, to that little group
of men, a group including Lincoln^ and
William the Silent, each of whom pos
sessed a balance of powers so serenely
perfect as to constitute genius of per
haps the highest order. Greene and
Wayne may. have been more skiUful gen-
tions and pay his expenses to New York.
More than that, it is well known that
while the army was at Valley Forge
Washington loaned to the Government
JC5.000 In gold, not a penny of which was
ever returned to him. It is true that
James Madison. In 1792, did propose to
the general to Introduce a bill in Congress
looking to the return of this money. "But
General Washington received -me bo
haughtily," said Madison, "when. I called
vpon him to learn bis wishes In regard
erals than Washington; Morris and Ham
ilton better financiers; Madison, Jay and
Wilson his'superiors in statecraft, and
Jefferson endowed with more profound
and subtle intellect; but not one of these
able and patriotic men was his equal In
dignity, steadfastness, patience, breadth
and wisdom. Calm, grave, self-content,
this silent doer of deeds, master of him
self as he was of each new emergency,
went In and out among his fellows— the
greatest of them all. ' Washington was the
grandest figure of the revolutionary.peri
od; hl3 name is and "will remain the
mightiest in our history.
THE STTNDAY- CALL.
What the Leading Literary Lights of the World Are Doing
By Professor H.B. Lathrop
of Stanford University.
rr E ROY HOOKER'S "The African
ders" endeavors to give a dlspaa
jl f eionate history of the relations be-
J tween The Dutch and the English
In South Africa. Mr. Hooker makes no
attempt to conceal the fact that on the
whole his sympathy is with the Dutch,
ret he carrfully keeps distinct his narra
tive of the facts and the inferences which
he draws from the facts. He provides the
reader with the materials for forming an
Independent judgment on the merits of
each controversy in the long-drawn strug
gle between two civilizations, and in this
way he makes it possible to criticize or
oppose his own opinions. Mr. Hooker
Ehows admirable skill and self-control In
presenting an uncolorc-d history of the con
test between the Dutch and the English.
Yet it could ho -wished that at the very
er.d of his tale, in the narrative of the
conspiracies on each Fide to overthrow
tJio rule of the other Bide in South Africa,
the ascertained facts had been objectively
presented without Interruption by com
ment or argument. The chapter in which
the causes of the present war are most
completely analyzed begins with the af
firmation that if Cecil Rhodes and his
projects had been eliminated from the sit
uation after the Jameson raid there would
have been no war. The plan followed In
the rest of the book would have given the
reader a full opportunity to understand
the reasons which led Mr. Hooker to this
conclusion; but at this point he leaves
fcls general assertions without specific evi
dence. They color the feelings with
tvhich the statement of facts In the rest
cf the chapter is given, and lead the
reader to interpret those facts in a man
ner adverse to the British claims. Still,
even hero the actual diplomatic corre
spondence- Is presented in such a manner
that a reader can easily determine
whether It seems to justify Mr. Hooker's
Inferences as to the ulterior ends of both
Boers and English. Leaving Cecil Rhode*
out of the question, the treatment of tho
Increasing- English pressure and of Boer
tcmr>orizinK is very lucid.
to the necessity for broad knowledge and q i
Intellectual force which Defoe asserts In
favor of the wholesale tradesman. It Is oi
Btill more Interesting to observe that Mr. a
Wood Insists, as Sir Arthur Helps does, w
on courage, the moral courage of a gen- ti
eral If possible, if not. the physical cour- •*¦
ape of the private soldier, as a prime re- ti
is
lulElte to a leader In business.
Mr. Wood's book appears now in a sec- '
»nd edition. It is to be hoped If It reaches '
i third edition Mr. Wood will amplify It
vith a much greater number, of lllustra
ive anecdotes, or brief narratives, which
villgive pungency to his general sugges
ions and make their bearing clearer. It
s also desirable that he should Bay some
hing about the gambling Instinct which
s bo frightful a tax on individual and
society alike, and which seems to be a
growing evil.
The spirit of Mr. "Wood's book -is one of
lelpful kindness and of courageous, thor
)ugh-going individualism. In this It Is
:ruly American— "Anglo-Saxon" if you
ike. Tt strikes the keynote of Amcicen
md English success, individual initiative,
r.diviiiual character, courageous endeav
>r. the belief that the man who sensibly
dares may faH more often but will ac
complish more results than the man who
measures his force carefully and keeps ln-
Bide of It. No book could contrast more
with a French business man's advice to
his son: Follow my advice, not your ge
nius; build solidly on what I safely oiTer
you; have a little fling In youth, aottle
down, do not tax your resources with a
large family and retire to quiet ease In
middle life. The French prudence Is turn-
Ing out to be national madness, and the
fine courage of American business men
like Mr. "Wood la a promise of continuous
national vigor. (Brentano'p, New York.)
There are fa liions in other things
than In manners and garments. Science,
in spite of the too often antiquated or
bizarre appearance of its representatives,
has its constantly changing modes. "One
might as well be dead as out of the fash
ton," Is true of more than men and
women: it Is true of books and methods.
Not so many years ago botany was re
garded as a study especially adapted to
the co-called finishing schools for girls,
an Indispensable part of the curriculum
in every young ladles' seminary, a subject
quite too effeminate for boys and young
men. There was some reason for this be
lief, for In this country botany was little
studied. Affected though a certain, sort of
botany certainly v. v..i by sentimental spin
sters and leisured clergymen. The text
books of botany by the eminent Asa Gray,
the friend of Darwin and the first great
botanist America produced, did much to
raise botany in this country from a di
version and an accomplishment to a seri
ous study. , If anything his books went
too far, for they were so largely made up
of definitions of technical words and led
so certainly to the amassing of names
that people presently became bored or
burdened by the mere vocabulary" of the
science. From, this aspect of botanical
science Its own devotees turned. From
an examination of the external character
of plants large enough to be seen with the
naked eye there was a rush to the study
of Internal characters, of the structure,
of large plants and an examination of
microscopic forms. , In this new world of
microscopic botany some see all that there
is of the science; a plant is of little or no
interest until it Is cleft In pieces, and un
til these pieces are_examined under the
microscope. From " such examination
gradually emerges a conception of the
probable or possible relationships of the
plant, and It is fitted into a niche in the
scheme of classification.
tory. It Is not sufficiently living. It is not
the study of living things where they
grow. There must needs be then a return
to the out-door world, but now the botan
ist goes around with a camera quite v
much as with a collecting tin or with dry
ing papers neatly concealed in a portfolio.
He sees plants in groups, photographs a
group, calls It a "plant society," as la
Coulter's Interesting book called "Plant
Relations," and gives the group some such
name as "Hydrophyte Society." a name
which is neither attractive nor really sci
entific. Any farmer knows that plants of
different sorts grow in groups, because they
have common meeds and are adapted to
the same conditions. So plants which grow
in wet places grow together there, not be
cause they exert any mutual attraction
upon each other but because they all need
much water.. So .Coulter"* flydrophyte
Society is a misnomer, though it furnishes
the excuse for mar.y piecing photo
graphs. " .','
In his second book. "Plant Structures,
the chief of the botanical department of
Chicago University. Professor Coulter,
gives us another "Twentieth ; Century
Textbook." This is Intended to serve as *
supplement to work in the school labora
tory, but the book will be 'found readable
by itself providt-d one have' patience to
master the technical Terms, whirh are per
haps unnecessarily numerous. Tft? book
is copiously and in many places beiutl
fully illustrated. The same idea which
Is so evident in Dr. Coulter* book en
titled "Plant Relations" is also the pre
vailing one in this, and this idea may »¦•
regarded as the one which, distinguishes
these two proudly numed "Twentieth Cen
tury" textbooks from the considerable
crop of smallish bonk* on botany which
appeared in I>9S and isr?. namely the very
exact correspondence brtwen a t>la:-.; anU
its environment— the so-called .adaptatiou
of plants to their surroundings. Tnis i~e*
Is not new. but it is new to have it made
the main thread on which to string the
more or less familiar facts of the botany
of to-day. In Coulter's book we have the
Bame beads of learning with wW h W«
were familiar before. -hut they are some
what differently fllsposert-tfsey «*-tro»S
upon a new strand of thought, and behold,
we have a new rosary of truth! Api'le
ton &' Co.. New York.)
One of the elements of the book which
will be of special Interest and value to the
Beneral reader Is the explanation of the
deep-lying causes which have worked for
three centuries to form the Boer charac
ter. • The most important among these
causes are represented as being conserva
tive, not to say fanatical, religious epln
lons, the practice of Flavery and an iso
lated and nomadic way of living. The
Boer Is, by force of circumstances, intol
erant because devout and < ignorant; ty
rannical and unenterprising because ig
norant and a slaveholder, and in a meae
ure uncivilized because Ignorant, alone
and wandering. He is at the same time
fiercely Independent. Uon-Hke in bravery
and capable of sublime devotion to a
cause which enlists his enthusiasm.
Such a temper makes strong though im
perfect men, but a weak state. Except
under the consolidating pressure of exte-r
ral danger the Boers of the African veldt
have never showrr the capacity to main
tain a coherent political organization.
Left to themselves, they have been en
graved In factious, internal dissension or
have disintegrated into petty communi
ties. The excitement of brief wars with'
the natives has brought them together in
Finaller or larger bands, to disperse and
wrangle at the return of peace; but the
soberer and more difficult unity of per
manent civil order has never been ef
fectively maintained by them for
rhort periods in theface of Imminent dan
ger.
The description of the Transvaal Dutch
by Mr. Hooker reads like a descrtptlon of
milder and more virtuous Scythians, the
barbarous -wanderers over the steppes of
Europe described at the beginning of his
tory by. Greek observers. Before the
coming In of the Ultlanders, they lived
In the comparatively idle enjoyment of
slave-holding pastoral nomads. Their
business was transacted by barter. They
had not the civilization to value aright
¦well -ordered public institutions. Their
treasury was "in a state of chronic emptl
m-ES," their paper currency fell to 25 per
cent of its fac«» valu<\ "Public works and
proper internal administration were un
known. Largely, every man's will was his
law. which he was disposed to enforce
upon others — whether black or whiter — by
the strong hand." The language of the
people was a dc-generate dialect. In brief,
the Boers were in a condition between
barbarism and civilization, in a condition
the instability of which was to be shown
by the first attack from without.
The attack came in the form of a war
with the Kaffirs, which threatened the
destruction of the Dutch. In sheer self
defence, the British protected the hand
ful of liners, defeated the attacking sav
ages and very sensibly annexed the
Transvaal. The British Government cer
tainly showed a lack of wisdom, if not
of honesty. In its dealings with the
Dutch of the Trar.sv.ial when they were
under British sovereignty; but the one un
forgivable blunder of British statesman
chip was the giving up of its reasonable
and Just control of a people who had
never been able to control or defend
themselves. The same blunder was re
rraud after Majuba Hill, when the Brit
ish granted concessions after defeat. The
unpractical idealism of Mr. Gladstone has
cost mam* a noble life, and will leave a
heritage of hate and bitterness to genera
[tinns of Dutch and English who might
have united in a . peaceful development
cf a common country.
On the whole, the narrative of Mr.
Hooker seems to show with great plain
ness that, as between the Dutch and Eng
lish control of the Transvaal, all consid
erations of reason pointed to the ultimate
English supremacy as not only right, but
Inevitable. The growth of an English
ppeaking population, the spread of busi
ness in English hands and. above all, the
superiority of English civilization, would
In course "of time have swept the Trans
vaal Irresistibly into the British Empire.
At the same time Mr. Hooker's narra
tive would appear to show conclusively
the criminal folly of which Mr. Rhodes,
filr Arthur Milner and Mr. Chamberlain
have been guilty in endeavoring to
quicken the slow pace of time and nature.
There is not one. act of the Transvaal
Government among those complained of
by the British In the correspondence
which preceded the war now going on—
not otjp— which was not absolutely nat
ural under the provocation of the Jame
eon raid and the foolish vaporing of Eng
lishmen. The British by both aggression
and concession have strengthened the
Dutch tense of nationality. They have
created the strength which defies them.
The feeling which Mr. Hooker's work
leaves in the mind is one of passionate
regret and indignation that injudicious
haste and ambition should have been able
to defeat the good work of time. The
book contains many good portraits and
two maps on a large scale. It will be of
creat Interest to those who wish to have
a clear view of affairs in South Africa,
but who cannot afford the time and
money necessary to go to the ultimate
authorities. Mr. Hooker's style Is admir
ably clear and dignified.
(Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago.)
It Is seldom that a successful man of
business analyzes for the world something
of the secret of his own art. There are
only two books in English with which I
em acquainted that deal with the ques
tions of practical busineßS life in a way
at once broad and practical, and that
have any literary merit. These are De
foe's "Complete British Tradesman" and
Sir Arthur Helps' "Thoughts in the In
tervals of Business." Tnese facts lend
unusual Interest to "The Successful Man
cf Business," by Mr. Benjamin Wood of
the well-known firm of S. N. Wood & Co.
ilr. Wood's book bears ample testimony
"The Light of Scarthey," by Es*^?**
Castle, has reached a second <- '.tsnn. The
atory is designated b>* the author a ro
mar.ce^wblch the author 1 ? ri : »borat- crit
ical introduction makes out to be the
wine thing in the gui.<e of a novel which
a melodrama is in tho *njse of a play. The
vicissitudes of. the action are rapid and
extreme enough, the charae^rs ar* unu
sual and unlike enough to sati fy the tasta
for Intense effects to which the me'.odra
matlc novel appeal*. The villain is vll
lainous to the Quven's taste, tlie hero
heroic to sublimity: each I? developed to
the full measure of calculating Iniquity
and of generous virtue. There i* a beau
tiful clinging heroine— golden hair and
blue eyes— and there is a beautiful dar
ing heroine— black hair and flashing black
eyes. The daring heiolßl Is doubled, for
good measure. Killing is boldly and con
veniently performed, for the furtherance
of the action an.l the author's ea«e in
rounding offhis atory.
The standard effects in this kind or
writing are attained with satisfactory In
genuity and sufficient originality to make
the talc entertaining. The ending, how
ever, is a serious blemish, on tho work.
From ijuch characters and from such a
plot to draw a happy ending is to be false
to the fundamental conception from
which this novel is developed. The hero
las one of the gra- eiy sublime, extremely
calm, inwardly passionate, poetic < liar
acters who because o? their brooding
Idealism are capable on occasions of im
mensely strenuous action. He loves with
chivalrous Intensity the daring black
eyed beauty, follows her bravely through
fle"rce''sttuggTes.~~sTes~ her Tile and hears
her words of love at the same Instant.
He Is rescued to what is for long years
a living death, and when the hair on his
tempt' 1 * is already whitening, the early
love comes, before him. unchanped and
youthful. It Is to him as if the dead had
risen. to bring him paradise. In reality,
the vision is the daughter of the d-ad—
her' mother's very self outwardly and in
wardly. 1% is the working out of this sit
uation which is the avowed purpose of
the author; but the elaborate complica
tions introduced make it Impossible for
the story to work to the clearly flpflned
end of the swallowing up of the old lovo
,ln the new.
. The daughter finds the hero's love of her
only an image of the old love for her
mother, an unimpassioned tenderness,
which does not satisi" her. She madly
compels herself to love her sister's daring
suitor* a smuggler of gold, whom the sis
ter distrusts and reject?. She run.-* away
in his vessel, disguised as the sister, but
the lover refuses to return her passion,
and brings her back to her husban.l. The
lover is caught and hanged, the scheming
villain is slain, the husband is broken
hearted but nobly tender. After a brain
fever and some reflection, the erring wife
finds that she loves her husband after
all, and they knit the bond of affection
.never to be broken beside the smuggler's
such an end Is undignified and art
istically impossible. A good melodramatic
death for the girl, leaving the hero twice
bereaved and forever desolate would have
been one solution; the otht-r would have
been death for him and repentance too
late for her. But the <ir:ua! tndina is a
sin against romance: it prefers prudence
to ideals and comfort to intensity. It is
sheer commonplace. It is Philistine, bour
geois, everything unromantic. (Frederick
A. Stokes Co., New York; $1 50.)
Books Received.
-Spanish Peggy." by Mary Hartwell
Catherv.-ood. H.- S. Stone & Co.. Chicago.
$I^Life and Works of Dwight L. Moody."
by Rev. J. W. Hanson. W. B. Conkey
Company. Chicago. _."'_2. '.
"A Mans Woman," by Frank Norrls.
Doubleday & McCluro Company. New
York.
"Trusts and the Public." by O. Gunton.
D Appleton & Co.. New York. 50 centa.
"Soldier Life in the Philippines." by Jo
seph McManus. Riverside Printing Com
pany, Milwaukee. Wls.
"The Picture Book of Becky Sharp."
H. S. Stone & Co.. Chicago- and New York,
25 cents.
"Henry Irving and Ellen Terry." by E.
Gordon Craig. H. S. Stone & Co.. Chicago
and New York. $1.
"Knights of the Cross," Henryk
Blenkiewicz. translated by 8. A. Blnion.
R. F. Fenno & Cow, New York. J2.
"A Modern Reader and Speaker." by
George Riddle, H. S. Stone &. Co., Chica
go. $1 60.
"Nature's Miracles,", by EHsha Gray.
Fords, Howard & Hulbert, New York.
Vol. I, 60 cents.
"The Man With tho Hoe." by Edwin
Markham. Doubleday &.'McClure. Com
pany. New York. 60 cent 9/
?"From Pot Closet to Palais Royal." by
Mary V. LJttell. J. S. Ogilvie Company,
New York. 25 cents. ' ¦ '-
"Stranger Than Fiction." by Albert
Ross. G. W. Dillingham Company. New
York. $1.
"Invisible Light," by G. W. Warder, a.
W. Dillingham Company, New York.
U 25.
"Running the Cuban Blockade," by H.
8. Stone & Co.. Chicago. $1 50.
"Historical Tales From Shakespeare."
by A. T. Quiller-Couch. C. Scribner'a
Sons. New York. $1 50.
"Comparative Physiology and Morphol
ogy ot Animals," by Joseph Le Conte. D.
Apoleton & Co.. New Yo»k. $2.
"Nathan Hale." by Clyde Fitch. R. H,
Russell, New York. .
9
The Study of a Devotee
model for this picture zvas Miss Jessie Kelly of Snoho-
J[ mish, Wash. This beautiful, study was made by George
James Fowzer, the youngest art photographer on the coast,
and has been pronounced by the artists of this city to be one of the
finest bhotoerabhs ever taken on the subject. Several Eastern maga-
zincs have repeatedly sent to the young photographer asking per
mission to reproduce this picture. Mr. Fowzer is visiting San
Francisco in the hope of regaining his health and will veryjikely
go south to locate in one of the cities of. Southern California. He is
a graduate of the Hopkins Institute of Art.
George Washington— The Man-
Continued from Page One.THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
MARCIA JAN
DRESSER
THE BUSTUNIANS
BEAUTY
SHE is exactly like her picture*.
This is saying something for her
photographers, but more for Miss
Van Dresser. . It takes a wonder
to live up to her photographs.
Miss Van Dresser is announced as the
new ' beauty of the Eostonlans. Every
body sees that she is a beauty, but every
body doesn't see why. She is irresistibly
iir'^rfect— faultlessly faulty.
Take the forehead, for instance. There
is too much of it, as ideals go. Ideals do
not, always allow space for brain, but
Miss Van Dresser's forehead does.
The eyebrows are clearly marked and
they keep far enough apart to insure good
cheer. But if ah artist were to paint
them he would take the artist's license of
arching them more than nature has done.
Bccau.;e it Is the artist's right to idealize.
The nose and mouth able to stand"
on their own merits. The nose is not.
aquiline enough to be Roman, not straight
enough to be Grecian, but quite charm
ing enough to be American. The mouth
is Cupid's bow, and there's an end of it.
The ears, you see, are at fault. Know
ing Miss Van Dresser as an opera singer
one would look for better things from the
cars. She says she is. looking forward to
the drama as her life profession. Per
haps that accounts for the cars.
Her eyes are small and dark and they
look smaller and darker because of the
way they have of laughing. They are
tucked away in the creases of a laugh
no much of the time that they seem nigh
to disappearing. But a laugh is such a
good, wholesome thing for them to be lost
In.
The hair just, escapes being: black. It
lies in big silky folds, framing a face that
is pale and yet of perfect health.
'. The hands are large, handsome, mascu
line. The thumb tilts backward "a bit.
That is how it comes that Miss Van
Dresser intends to take to "heavy work"
whether or not people say "stick to-light
opera." She wears one mannish seal ring.
You may study the sections of her beau
ty upon this page. It will not be imper
tinent, but useless. For when you are
through you will not be able to say why
she is called our. latest and greatest
beauty. You have, found faults if not
fault. But both in person and in photo
graph you catch -the charm. It is In the
bigness, the breeziness, the beautiful
saneness of her. It is in the heartiness
and the self poise.How San Francisco Notables Look in Theatrical Roles
THE ! SUNDAY CALL.
11THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
•Hr-JETE sculptor has one advantage over
| his brother in art, the painter, for
Ji his work can be placed where he who
runs may see it, or shut his eyea,
while the painter must hide his work
away where it meets the eyes of those
only who care to seek It.
Of course, this does not mean that finer
work of the sculptor, specimens of which
are In our Park Museum, but the mor«
enduring If less beautiful work which Is
found scattered about the park from tha
epot not far from the entrance where
stands the bronze figure of Halleck to tho
hill far out on the north drive where the
huge Prayer-book Cross rises against tha
»ky.
There may be some among these which
can hardly be called artistic, but others
have been praised by men who are fa
miliar with the famous statues of the
world. One of these renowned Judges
spoke words of highest praise of the
beautiful figure which stands directly In
front of the museum, tiie "cider preas"
drinking fountain; an 3 no more lovely
object of its kind can be found than the
big bronzs vase with its decorations of
Fauns, Cupids and elves draped with
vines and hiding behind leaves which
faces It on the pavement before the door
of the museum.
Another figure which repays the visitor
is the one which marks the spot where
was turned the first sod to prepare th«
ground for the fair.
Modern dress— particularly the dress of
the modern man— does not lend itself
gracefully to the sculptor's art. There
fore the standing figures of the GarfleM
monument, of that erected to Thomas
Starr King and the oHe to General Hal
leck can hardiy be called objects of art,
though in ths case of General Halleck
the sculptor got over his difficulty In a
measure by draping a wide cloak toga
fashion around the figure, hiding the most
awkward lines of tho costume.
But nothing was hidden, nothing dis
guised in the bronze figure of martyred
Garfleld, and but for the adjuncts this
monument would be unparfionably ugly.
The pose, the dress and the situation are
all as bad as possible, but tho building up
of the pedestal on its several differing
levels takes the eye from the defects of
the crowning figure, and the mourning
figure seated on the top of the pedestal,
half way between the ground and the
Btatue, Intended to be the principal object.
Is more often spoken of than is that,
crowning the monument.
The Starr King monument stands lower,
therefore the figure appears better than
does that of Garfield, although this also
is marred by Its dress.
The Key memorial at the head of the
ievel stretch before the present music
stand ranks between these and the finer
onss. It is more ornate in design and the
figure being seated and in older dros.-i
makes it a more picturesque object than
tho>«e before mentioned.
While the dress of Douglas Tllden's
"Ball Player" Is most emphatically mod
¦ em. tha life and action of the figure are
enough to hide all deficiencies of that
Iklnd.
This Is the only statue In the park
Jbich is lifelike enough to deceive on* In
photograph. IX one who had novctr
seen tho statue was shown a photograph
of the figure without ito pedestal and told
that it was taken from a living model
on the ball ground he would never dream
of doubting the truth of the statement.
The bust of Grant near the museum
draws attention and deserves It. Being
a bust the dress does not detract from its'
appearance, and the objects placed at the
foot are gracefully arranged and appro
priate.
Away to the right of the north drive.
Just opposite the boathouso near the
lake, stands the huge granite cross given
by George W. Childs to commemorate the
first service of the English church held
on this coast— at Drakes Bay, about June
24, 1573. The cross stands high above tho
drive, on a hillock which is being cut
away, and th« path leading to the hillock
top is rough and evidently not often trod
den. The cross itself is a grand object,
seen against the Fky from all sides, and
It eeems a pity that the ground should
be cut from under it Perhaps it la not
Intended to cut much nearer than has al
ready been done.
These are all the statues to be found In
the open park, and those within the
museum's walls of course are far more
valuable either as studies in art or in
money value, but there are hundreds who
see those scattered about the grounds
to one who visits the museum.
There are many spots about the park
where other statues could be placed to
advantage, and there have been several
different schemes proposed for placing
statues of half a dozen different noted
men. It takes a good while to talk the
public up to the point, as is proved by
the length of time between the death
of Grant and the placing of his bust on its
pedestal, but probably within the noxt
two years two or more other statues will
be placed in the park. There Is room for
many others, as well as for several other
improvements which will probably have
to bo done by either gift, bequest or
popular subscription since the regular im
provements and enlargement of the park
proper take all the appropriation for the
keeping up of the place.
There have been several gifts which
have added much, to the beauty -ol tha
city's playsrround.
The greatest of these girts Is the $90,000
given this year by public-spirited Claus
Spreckels, and which la now b<ng used
to erect a music stand, which, when fin
ished, will be second to none In tho coun
try. Next In amount stands the $50,000
bequeathed by Senator Sharon, In ISSB, for
the buildlns of the lodge at the children's
playground. The building is one worthy
of Its situation, and is a, grand monu
ment to the generosity of the donor.
C. P. Huntlngton gave $25,000 In 1532,
•which was used to make the very natural
appearing falls which gleam out white
against the green of Strawberry Hill
(when the water is allowed to flow over
the rocks), and which bear tho name- of
the man whose gift enabled tho Commis
sioners to add this feature of beauty to
the hillside.
It la popularly supposed that the laks
on the side of Strawberry Hill was a gift
from W. W. Stow, but this is a mistake.
The work was done and paid for by tha
Park Commissioners from the regular ap
propriation.
The observatory crowning: the- hill was
built In IS9I by the generosity of Thomas
Sweeney at a cost of $15,000.
These are all the gifts to the park so
far, but it Is hoped that the example set
may be followed by other wealthy pub
lic-spirited citizens. When the p&nhandl*
is extended to Market street there will be
many choice sites which should be
adorned by some beautiful statue, either
a memorial of some noted man or a mere
object of beauty, and surely there are
men In the city who will come forward
and donate sums sufficient to add these
touches of beauty to the work planned
already by tho authorities.
There should be also several arched en
trances to the park. Several times It ha«
been reported that this or that one was
about to donate money for the purpose of
erecting such an entrance, but it has
not yet materialized.
The grand lodge at the entrance, the mu
seum, the beautiful boathouse on the hill,
the children's lodge— these are all last-
Ing monuments. There should be others.
There la room enough In the park to us*
all the funds which may be donated. Who
will he neit on the roll of given to th»
park.! MABEL H. CLOS3O V
THE
STATUES
IN
GOLDEN
GATE
PARKstop in his flight by his oxen
becoming exhausted. Thus
brought to bay, he formed a
laager with uncaptured wagons
and the British pursuers prompt
ly began shelling.
'Ever since Lord Roberts be
gan sending dispatches detailing
the various movements for the
relief of Kimberley the people
Tiere- have been wondering where
'..Kitchenex;twas and what he was
• doing. Roberts clears away the
mystery by his dispatch, which
says that Cronje's laager was be
ing shelled by British artillery
"when Kitchener sent away the
messenger." From this it is evi
dent that the hero of the Soudan
campaign is directing operations
with Kelly-Kenny..
A rumor was started on the
Stock Exchange to-day that
Cronje had been captured, but
like many other 'Change rumors
it was but a case of the wish be
ing father to the thought.
Again to-night a story flew
about the clubs that Cronje had
surrendered and there was a hur
ried rush to the War Office when
it was found that nothing to that
effect had been received. It was
evidently one of those mysterious
supposed "private telegrams"
which have from time. to time got
into circulation building up the
people's hopes without founda
tion.
Seemingly everybody here ex
pects that the next news will be
the defeat and capture, if not sur
render, of the Boer general, and
are waiting anxiously for it.
All the news, however, is not
in favor of the British. While
one of Kelly-Kenny's brigades
Kitchener Evidently Directing the Pursuit, and
the Imperial Troops Are Shelling the Laager
of the Commander of the Republican Forces.
ENTRY OF ROBERTS
INTO JACOBSDAL
JACOBSDAL. Thursday, Feb. 15.— Lord
Roberts' troops to-day entered this town,
which has been in the possession of the
British Eince yesterday. The utmost or
der prevails. Military police the streets,
but not a stick of furniture — not even an
apple from the trees— has been taken. A
eentry has been placed before each store
and the soldiers are allowed to enter and
purchase what they require. Everything
Is bo peaceful that the Inhabitants ex
press the utmost surprise, as It had been
diligently reported that the British occu
pation meant instant looting. Judging
from the conversation of the inhabitants
the Free Staters are very weary of the
war. It Is openly stated that President
Bteyn betrayed the people. When the lat
ter became satisfied there was no truth
In the stories of the looting proclivities
of the British the townspeople welcomed
the troops as friends. Since the battle of
Modder River the town has not been gar
risoned, but ha* been merely used as a
hospital depot. When the Boers fired on
the British Wednesday the townspeople
protested. Although the British shelling
yestVday considerably frightened the
women, the shells were only directed at a
ridge beyond the town which was en
trenched. 'JBH
The German hospital remains in beauti
ful order. It Is clean and sanitary and
the wounded of both sides are equally
well attended. A correspondent talked
•with a number of the Boer wounded and
ihfv all acknowledged, that the British
mox'ements. had nonplused the burgher
commanders. Even now. it Is added, they
are under the impression that the sole
object was the capture ,of Jacobsdal.
When informed of the relief of Klmber
ley they were at first incredulous and then
astounded. The Landbrost remains in the
town. . . ¦"•"•.
News has reached- here that the Boers
are leaving Magersfonteln and are return
ing In disorganized masses to their farms.
The invasion of the Free State has un
doubtedly struck a hard blow, which may
result In the defection of large numbers
of Free Staters. . ; • • - .. *
--. ¦».' . . • ¦ ?
BATTLE OF BRABANT'S
HORSE AND THE BOERS
- LONDON, Feb. 18.— A special dispatch
from Birds River reports a- drawn ncnt
between- Brabant's horse and the Boers
at' Dordrecht on February ft. The engage
ment lasted eight hours,' until darkness
set in!' The British. loss was eight killed
and. four wounded. The Boer casualties
are unknown. The latter had burned the
grass around the position, ¦ bo that the
British brown kahki uniforms showed up
distinctly against the black background.
After ¦ the • light.' ¦ the dispatch says, the
British entered Dordrecht, but left later.
AZIZ BEY TO WATCH THE WAR
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 17.— Aziz
Bey, military attache to the Turkish Le
gation In Washington, has been appointed
by . hla Government to follow the opera
tions of the British forces In South Africa.
ROBERTS FAILED TO
CUT OFF CRONJE'S FORCE
LONDON, Feb. 17.— Spencer Wilkinson,
the military expert, reviewing the situa
tion in South Africa for the Associated
Press at midnight, says:,
"Lord Roberts has bepun his campaign
by striking at the principal Boer forces
in the western theater. of war— that of
Commandant Cronje, covering the siege of
Kimberley.
'.'ln a -111116 over a week Lord Roberts
had completed the organization of - his
force. He then, quietly massed some 50,
000 men, four .infantry divisions i and a
cavalry division, near the selected point;
reaching Modder River station on Friday
February 8. • Hemust have put hisltroops
In motion with the least possible delay,
for on Monday the T action beganJ • It was
an attempt to turn the Boer position by a
inarch around its left or eastern flank.
"On Monday GeneraJ . French's cavalry
seized, the passages of the Riet. River
southeast of Jacobsdal, and were at once
followed up by two Infantry divisions. On
Tuesday the cavalry moved north and
seized the crossings of, the Modder, River
the infantry following "at their heels. On
Thursday, when one division of infantry
was on the Modder:River and the other
close behind it,- between the two rivers
the cavalry moved forward toward Kim
berley r dispersed the besiegers from . the
southeastern front and opened connection
with the town.
"The; same day, the; troops from the s old
camp at Modder : River station ¦; opened
communication with Jacobsdal. which had
LONDON, Feb. 18.— Events
in the Orange Free State
fairly tread upon each
other's heels. More dispatches
have come from Roberts, one
giving exciting particulars of
events following the relief of
Kimberley. The morning pa
pers, while expressing greater
delight over what they termed
the turn in the tide for British
arms since Roberts and Kitch
ener had taken things in hand,
had some fear that Commandant
Cronje had something in reserve,
for they reasoned that while
mention was made of the capture
of stores, etc., nothing was said
about any guns. The inference
was that Cronje had taken alarm
and gone in a hurry to some hew
position, where he might- offer
battle. But such is apparently
not the case as Cronje and his
force have been found. The Boer
leader, according to the latest ac
counts, was at bay and in a very
tight place.
It will be remembered that
yesterday Lord Roberts reported
that a large Boer convoy which
had fled toward Bloemfontein,
the Free State capital, was being
pursued by one of Kelly-Kenny's
brigades. It would seem that to
save themselves the Boers aban
doned all their impediments in
their flight, for Lord Roberts
says that Kelly-Kenny made a
great haul, capturing seventy
eight wagons laden with stores,
eight boxes full of shells and ten
barrels full of explosives, all be
longing to Cronje's laager.
With regard to Cronje himself
it seems that he was forced to
has captured a Boer convoy the
Boers, on the other hand, have
captured a large British convoy,
all through a mistake or rather
through an order from Roberts
going astray in some unex
plained way. .It was during
Thursday^ fighting on Riet
River that this happened. Noth
ing is said about how large an
amount of stores and ammuni
tion was captured, but as the
convoy was a large one the loss
would seem to be considerable.
Roberts had sent instructions to
the convoy not to proceed, but
the order never reached its des
tination. Then reinforcements
were dispatched, but the Boers
succeeded in capturing the con
voy before these could arrive.
In the central field of war Gen
eral Gatacre is also active and ex
changing shots with the enemy.
Nothing, very important has
come to hand from him yet.
General Buller also seems de
termined to make another at
tempt to relieve Ladysmith. Late
at night news was received that
he was again attacking the
Boers. While no details of the
fighting have arrived it looks
very much as if he was trying
Fort Wylie and Inhlawe Moun
tain, by capturing which he
might be able to move along the
right bank of the river nearly as
far as Pieters and thence work
his way to Ladysmith by a route
which, speaking topographically,
is comparatively easy. But we
must wait for something more
definite before being, sure of what
he is doing. That will not'eome
until after the attempt has proved
successful or failed.
Showing How the British Are Trying to Head Off Boers Under Cronje.
PRETORIA, Friday, Feb. 16.— 1t appears from further reports of yester
day' 6 fighting at Jacobsdal that 2000 British troops got through the federal
position at Modder River and entered Kimberley. The federals intercepted the
rear guard of , the British and captured great booty, many oxen and a number
of prisoners.
CRONJE REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN
CORNERED BY THE BRITISH TROOPS
During the Retreat of the Free State
Forces Both Britons and Burgh
ers Lost Valuable Supplies.
General French's Artillery in Pursuit of the Retreating • Boers.
General French's artillery Crossing the Modder River on the Boer left flank in hisflying movement toward- Kimberley. -In this mar&r
ment the column avoided the main road . for obvious reasons and crossed the rivers at points unused' before by four-wheeled conveyances.-
RENE WED FIGHTING ON THE TUGELA
General Buller to Be Making -Another .Desperate- Effort
LONDON, Feb. 18, 3:50 A./M.-^The War Office
made the usual statement at midnight that
it bad no news, butat 'about the saroe tiroe
came dispatches from Durban, dated late Sat
urday evening, giving .reports "„¦* of* the renewed
fighting on tbe Tugela, whjere the; stopped
all telegrams. Arrivals at Durban frori) tr;e :.Tu
gela say that important operations .are progress
ing andy that fightirjg r;as ; occurred, daily since
the coromencemeot of the weeK- In these en
gagements the British) casualties .'-rjave beer),
com pa ra tively light.
Recording •to these uocoof>riT)cd" reports,
Ger)cral Buller had reoccupied Vaal Krantz and
tbe Boers bad retreated in the -direction of t\)&
Free State.
Iq tfje meantime wounded officers and roen
are Narriving daily at Durban and are placed
aboard the four hospital ships qow tbere.
Dispatches from Zululand, received at Dur
ban,say tl)e country is quieting down, thanks
to the appearance of a flying column. The
• Boers seem nervous -and uncertain, and have
stayed their advance.
already been taken. - Thus . Lord Roberts
had a 'semi-circle around the Boer 'posi
tion of Magersfonteln. from Klmberley on
the north to Modder River station on the
south, and possibly the line was prolonged
from Modder .River station to the north
west, so that General French might, hope,'
by. passing through Klmberley, complete
the entire < circle and. to enable Lord Rob
erts to "envelop . and capture '¦ Cronje"s
whole force.
"This" was . the result i hoped ; for.- - ?The
plan was brilliantly "conceived and 'vigor
ously executed,', but' Cronje "has been abl a
to evade the blow.* "When General French
reached | Klmberley . It • was * found ' that
Cronje, - with ' the • bulk •of - his force, had
moved off toward Bjoemfonteln, apparent
ly by "the Boshof 'road, or' by a shorter
route along 'the, north' bank of the Mod
der. '..:' The, laagers; and stores abandoned
and '.','. the , ' convoy ". captured prove that
Cronje 'left in ¦' haste and . one of General
Kelly-Kenny,' ¦ , brigades i was last- reported
aa , pursuing and *'. engaging < the Boer rear
guard.'. General Kitchener Is superintend
ing »the" pursuit, /which 1 may be effective.'
VOf • the ; First and * Ninth . divisions , no
mention has been made in the telegrams,
and the Inference is that a part of the de
sign is as yet undisclosed. Possibly their
function is to complete the circle in the
west. Perhaps, too, a force is making to
the eastward, south of the Modder River,
to intercept Cronje. though, as the mount
ed Boers, cover thirty miles a day. no in
fantry can catch them. • A ¦ part of the
Boer force may . have retreated .to the
northwest. ! toward Barkley, and will no
doubt be pursued. - ' .'•
"There can be no doubt that Klmberley
is relieved and that the railway .will soon
bcreopened. This la a success*, but tha
more valuable result— the destruction of &
part of the Boer army— has not been se
cured. It cannot' be said In this circum
stance that this is attributable to weak
ness in the British ; generalship, which
seems to have been excellent.
""There are disquieting features to th»
news. The capture by the Boers, said to
have come from Colesberg. of a larva
British convoy may diminish the mobility
of the British force, and is proof of tha
Continued on Fourteenth. Paufs.
rf ?? *?+*?? +++++++ wm***«
I Pages 13 to 22 f
VOLUME LXXXVn-NO. 80.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I Pages 13 to 22 .!
The San Francisco CallCome Just to Look
Handsome
' .•¦[ China-ware
Crockery
Glassware
Lamp*
Ornaments - .
ItoTeltie*
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES. :
Come Just to LookJ
Great AmericaD Importiiig Tea Cou
¦ Stores Brerywliexe*
zoo Stores.
Cash Store is open for business. Or-
ders accompanied with cash, are being
filled as carefully and promptly; aa
ever. Ask your friends and our
friends to send as usual. Orders vrera
never more appreciated. Good bar-
gains- in every line. Special prices oU
A RACE FOR A SPENT SHELL IN BESIEGED MAFEKING.
From a sketch by a British officer, brought by runner to Bulawayo
The people are all so accustomed now to the shelling (writes the Mafeking officer who sends the sketch from
which: the above Illustration was made) that they watch where each shell falls and run out to pick up the pieces.
Sometimes "a blind" and spent shell comes along and there Is great competition to capture it,. One fell the other
day between the women's camp and one of the forts, and there was an exciting race between the occupants of "both
positions to capture th© shell while it was yet bounding and tumbling along the ground, although to have, touched It
before it stopped would probably have meant at least a broken bon«. -J : '^P:'r"
NEWS OF THE WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Continued from Thirteenth Page.
SALISBURY'S COURSE
REMAINS AN ENIGMA
Premier Steadfastly Refuses to Take
the British Public Into His
• Confidence.
BAJA CALIFORNIA .
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVK, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonio for tha Sexual Organs for both atxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kld-
neya and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 - A BRUXE. Amenta, '
an Market street, 'S.- F.—<Send for Circular*. •
DUFF
GORDON
SHERRY
-FKOM-
DUFF CORDON A OO. T
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
i^rAT>T.ra MEXNBCXB * CO..
-U.OSKTS P ACIFZO COAST,
JSU a*cntmgat» gt, & T n Cxi,
44 A Smalt Spark
Makes a Great Fire."
A small disease germ in the blood deveU
ops, multiplies And .increases until the
ivhole life stream is poisoned and diseased.
The result is scrofula, catarrh, a broken
down system. You may' prevent this dis-
aster by taking Hood's SarsapariUa, the
great purifier And tntalizer of the blood.
Consumption — "After the grip 1
had a bad cough, dizziness and night
sweats. Humor broke out and consump-
tion <was diagnosed. One bottle Hood's
SarsapariHa helped me and: four bottles
cured me perfectly." ST&s. N. D. Kin-
ney, SMorris, Conn.
LEGAL BATTLE OVER
RED MOUNTAIN RANCH
Special Di*i>atch to The Call.
SAN" DIEGO, Feb. 17.— Edward H. Aigel
tlnger and Jacob Einstein, lioth of San
Francisco, are at law over the title of the
Red Mountain ranch, near Fallbrook,
valued at $6&,<<f>o. The ranch is "one of tho
most highly improved in the county and
"has recently 1 been deeded by PMnsteln to
his wife. Delphine Einstein, and Algel
tlngor alleges that the de<*d was' made for
the purpose and intent ¦to - defraud.
Prayer is also made that It be' adjudged
that the plaintiff-has a good and substan
tial Hen on the property.
According to the -complaint, plaintiff ad
vanced and loaned money to Mr. Einstein
during the year of 1839. On January 30
of this year Mr. Algeltinger brought suit
in the Superior Court for the recovery of
the money loaned, together with interest,
and a writ of attachment was issued,
directed to the Sheriff of San Diego Coun
ty,, requiring him to attach- and keep the
property belonging to Mr, Einstein situ
ated In this county. The Sheriff did as he
was requested, but found the property in
the ¦ name of Delphine Einstein. Mr.
Angel tinger claims that at the time of
the creation of the indebtedness by Mr.
-Einstein, the latter was owner In fee
of the property, and that on or about
March 29.- 1899,. he entered with the In
tention to. hinder,. delay and defraud his
creditors, and particularly the plaintiff.
Into a fraudulent and collusive agreement
to mike a pretended sale and' assignment
of the Red Mountain ranch to his wife,
Delphine Einstein.
The allegation Is made that the defend
ant tlatmed to be the owner of the ranch
and that it was clear of all lncumbrances,
and that If anything should happen to thn
business of Jacob Einstein & Co.. so that
the firm could not meet Its obligations,
the ranch was of sufficient value to meet
and pay all claims against him. J .* , .•
*
His Wrist Mangled.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call. S--7»'.-4
MERCED. Feb. 17.— John Smith, the 16
year-old son of J. C. Smith of this city,
met with a serious accident, which will
probably result in the loss of his left
hand. Early this morning . Smith, a
schoolmate and a man who was the
driver for them started for a hunt, and It
was when they were returning home that a
shotgun accidentally went off, wounding
Smith. Young Smith was on the seat with
the driver and was holding the shotgun
between his knees with the barrel up. The
stock must have struck against the bed of
the wagon, thus causing the- gun. to dis
charge. The charge entered . his left
wrist, tearing the flesh and shattering the
bones. The wounded .boy was Immediately
driven to town and taken to a physician's
office, where an examination was made of
the wound. Tbe attending physicians be
lieve that amputation is necessary. The
father .has decided to remove the unfor
tunate boy t6 San" Francisco, where he
will receive the attention of the most
skilled physicians, with" the hope of saving
the hand. . . .
LOOKOUT BOYS IN BESIEGED MAFEKING.
From the Graphic.
AN OFFICER IN BESIEGED MAFEKING WRITES: "MEN WITH TELE
SCOPES WATCH THE ENEMY LOAD AND LAY THE BIG GUN AND RING
THE BIG ALARM BELL AS A WARNING WHEN IT IS READY TO FIRE.
THE BOYS WATCH FOR THE FLASH OF DISCHARGE AND THEN AT
OXCE RING A HAND BELL. THIS JUST GIVES PEOPLE TIME TO TAKE
COVER BEFORE THE SHELL COMES IN, THE BOYS. BY PRACTICE. AP
PEAR TO KNOW FROM THE SOUND OF EACH SHOT IN WHICH DIREC
TION IT IS GOING. AND THEY DO NOT LEAVE THEIR PERCH EXCEPT
FOR A VERY CLOSE SHELL." "
The writer then suggests this basis of Inter
vention:
Demolition of the Boer Government.
Withdrawal of the British army, except the
Durban and Cape Town garrisons. V.v> _
An International guarantee or N the Independ
ence of the republics, subject to British control
of their foreljcn affairs.
Five-year naturalization for Ultlanders.
The South African states and colonies to meet
In convention one year after the close of the
war to arrange a confederation.
BRITISH RETIREMENT
WAS IN GOOD ORDER
ARUNDEL, Feb. 16.— The retirement of
the British from Rensburg was most or
derly. The railway had withdrawn the
stores on the previous day and the bag
gage wagons left before the evacuation
took place.
A part of- the two companies of the Wilt
shire regiment which were missing, and
the members of which were presumably
asleep after having been' on outpost duty,
have" since arrived. The other members
of the companies have probably been
taken prisoners.
•
LEYDS SEEKS AN
ANDIENCE WITH POPE
LONDON, Feb. IS.— A special dispatch
from Brussels says that Dr. Leyds refuses
to talk to press representatives regarding
affairs In South Africa further than to say
that his confidence Is still absolute and
that he does not fear an invasion of the
Free State, the burghers in that republic
being armed and prepared to resist the
British.
Dr. Leyds has telegraphed to the Pope
asking an audience of his Holiness. whic»i
will be accorded. It is certain, however,
that he will not be received by King Hum
bert.
BOER WAGONS AND
STORES ARE CAPTURED
LONDON, Feb. 17^-The following dis
patch has been received at the War Office
from Lord Roberts:
"JACOBSDAL, Feb. 17, 6;50 a. m.—Gen
eral Kelly-Kenny's brigade captured yes
terday seventy-eight wagons laden. with
stores, two wagons of Mauser rifles, eight
boxes of shells, ten barrels of explosives
and a large quantity of stores, all belong
ing to Crorije's laager, which was still be
ing shelled by our artillery when Kitch
ener dispatched his messenger." •¦-!-'?¦
PROMOTED BY THE QUEEN.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— The Queen has pro
moted General French to be major gen
eral. French heretofore has only ranked
as a colonel of the army, with tho local
rank of lieutenant general.
Lieutenant Colonel Kekewich has been
promoted colonel for services In the de
fens© of Kimberley.
MISS PALMER'S MISSION.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— Miss Ettle FIU-
Stephens Palmer, an organizer well
known In England, arrived on the steam
ship Lahn last Thursday. She 13 in this
country for the purpose of raising funds
for an Irish-American hospital for sol
diers In South Africa. She is not acting
in any official capacity for any organiza
tion, but ia acting on her own Initiative.
Miss Palmer Is of. the opinion that Irish
antagonism to England Is based on mis
conception of facts. For four -years she
was the editress of an English society
journal and was the founder and is the
president of the Shamrock circle, which
figured so conspicuously in the general
elections of 1892 and 1895 In the cause of
Unionism.
MEDIATION WOULD BE
AN UNFRIENDLY ACT
PARIS. Feb. 18.— The London corre
spondent of Figaro says that he learns
that President McKinley recently sound
ed Lord Pauncefote with a view of ascer
taining how an offer of mediation in the
Transvaal difficulty on the part of the
United States would be received, and that
the English reply was that such an offer,
made officially, would be considered an
unfriendly act.
MILITARY ATTACHES
REPORTED MISSING
LONDON, Feb. 18.— Lloyd's Weekly
(London newspaper) this morning pub
lishes a dispatch from Modder River, un
der date of Friday evening, February 15,
saying that the American and Austrian
attaches are reported to be missing. An
other dispatch, dated Jacobsdal the same
day, states that Captain Slocum and the
Austrian attache are at that place.
ATTACKING VAAL KRANTZ.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— A dispatch to the
Evening . News from Lourenzo Marquez
dated to-day says from Boer sources It
is reported that the British are attack-
Ing the Boer position at Vaal Krantz and
that the Boers are Btlll holding the po
sition. This report la probably Identical
with the bombardment of Blauwhfratz
announced yesterday.
SYMPATHY OF TEACHERS.
WICHITA. Kans.,,Feb. 17.— The Sedg
wick County Teachers' Association
passed resolutions of sympathy with the
Boers in their struggle with Great Brit
ain after an exciting debate. The pro-
British minority withdrew, held a rump
session and adopted counter resolutions.
BOERS BOM BARD MOLTENO.
LONDON. Feb. 17.— A special dispatch
from Sterkstroem dated to-day says the
Boers, with artillery, commenced an at
tack early this morning on Molteno, near
that place, occupied by troops command
ed by General Gatacre. ;
KRUGER'S CONFIDENCE.
NEW TORK, Feb. 17.— A dispatch which
Judgment and energy of the Boer leaders.
The vigorous attack on the British post at
Renaberg shows that the Boers mean to
reply to Lord Roberts' advance by strik
ing at his communications.
"Until the issue of the operations around
Kimberley is fully known It is useless to
speculate upon the next move of Lord
Roberts. The fact that Kimberley has
been relieved and that Cronje had to
make a hasty retreat are to the good side
of the account, but the fact that Cronje
has not, at any rate up to the date of the
latest telegrams I have seen, been well
beaten in a fight, is a disappointment.
The opinion is widespread that the in
vasion of the Free State will bring the
Boer army, or at Jeast the Free State
contingent, out of Natal. Upon this
point I am less sanguine than most of the
English observers, even thWse- whose Judg
ment nioet deserves confidence, but the
news of Roberts' advance -will encourage
White's men to prolong their defense."
SEEKING CONFIRMATION
OF MACRUM'S CHARGES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.-Secretary Hay
sent instructions to Consul Hay at Preto
ria to-day directing him to Investigate and
report as soon as possible the allegations
of former Consul Charles T. Macrum that
the British censor at Durban opened -his
official mall. It is said at the State De
partment that the official records of the
consulate should show whether the mall
of the Consul had been opened. As has
been stated, Mr. Macrum's reports contain
no reference to such an occurrence, and
If the consular files are likewise silent
the officials Bay the only conclusion that
can be arrived at is that Mr. Macrum' si
charge is without foundation, or he has
taken from the .flies envelopes opened by
the censor and marked, as he alleges. Re
specting the latter contingency, tho of
ficials declare a Consul has no right to re
move anything of an offlcia.l oharacter be
longing to the Government files. Certain
ly the envelopes have not reached the
State Department. .
Should Consul Hay report that the en
velopes were opened, as alleged; by Mr.
Macrum, the department will act to pre
vent a repetition of the occurrence. It Is
considered remarkable by the officials that
the mail of an American. Consul who i 3
representing British interests should have
been opened when mail, of other Consuls,
whose governments are'notoriously-sym
pathetically inclined toward the Boers, Is
allowed to' pass unopened. The fact that
Mr. Macrum's sympathies are with the
Boers is no surprise to "the" officials, for
his reports have shown' the trend of his
sympathy. It is not- an uncommon tact.
a department official said to-day, for Con
suls in countries at war to writo reports
strongly sympathizing with the govern
ments to which they are accredited, and
It Is left to the authorities here to deter
mine the course to pursue, usually, as in
the case of the British-Boer war-, that of
strict neutrality.
WHAT THE SENTIMENT
OF AMERICANS MAY DO
LONDON. Feb. 17.— H. W. Alasslngham,
formerly the editor of the Chronicle,
writes as follows to the Morning Leader,
under the heading. "What. Will America
Do?":
A new world power has arlsen^-the great
American people.
President McKlnley and Secretary of State
Hay share. I believe, the opinion of the minor
ity of Englishmen that the war in South Africa
is an error and a crime. But they remember
that, thanks to the pressure from below,
the English Government was benevolently
neutral In the Spanish war. Therefore,
as ' far as' public opinion will allow
them they would like to sail on an even keel
in South Africa. But. as they well know, be
hind them lies" a mighty and, as they well
know, an ungovernable force, expressing itself
with absolute freedom, forcing its will on party
managers, knocking Imperatively at the doors
of tte President.
Because a few American ladles who had mar
ried or fought their way into English society
started a hospital ship it. was imagined that
American sympathies were with British power.
Nothing can be more unfortunate than any po
litical . action.' that comes from . such Quarters
and la blessed by such negligible : persons as
Smaller, a New York correspondent. ' : :
America is not prc-En*lish and never will be
in the sense that. our sentimental imperialists
desire. • ... .---..1*. V ••. -
America 1» profoundly attached to the repub
lican principle. She will not ccc.it weakened
to the proht of her ancient mistress..
The great popular newspapers like' the World
have been quick to read this sign of tne Ameri
can temper. 7
. Hostile ' intervention on the" part of America
would not bo tolerated, hut what If, uptng the
machinery of : The Hague' conference or acting
on a hint from private sources,: America were
to propose a policy of mutual disarmament?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RULERS OF THE WORLD.
Meat-Eating Nations Are the Leaders
In Every Branch of Human.
- Achievement.
The ruling nations of the world are meat
eaters and history records that they al-
ways have been.
Vegetarians and food cranks may ct-
plain this in any way they choose, but the
facts remain that the Americans. Eng-
Ush, French, Russians and Germans *r*
meat eating nations, and they are also th»
most energetic and most progressive.
The principal food of the heroic Boer
soldier known as Biltong, la a sort of dried
beef, affording a great deal of nourish-
ment in a highly concentrated form.
The weak races of people are the rfc»"
eating Chinese, Hindoos and Siame*©. re-
garded since the dawn of history as non-
progressive, superstitious and Inferior
physically, and mentally to the meat eat-
ing nations who dominate them.
The structure of the teeth plainly Indi-
cates that human beings shonld snbaist
upon. a variety of food, meat, fruit and
grains, and it is unhygienic to confln«
one's diet to any one of thoa« daase* to
the exclusion of another.
Meat is the most concentrated "and most
easily digested of foods, but our manner
of living is often so unnatural that the
digestive organs refuse to properly digest
meat. eggs. . and similar nutritious and
wholesome food, but it Is not becaxi»a
such food Is unwholesome, but tne real
reason is that the stomach lacks, rrotn
disease or weakness, some necessary dU
gestive element; hence arising indigestion
and later on, chronic dyspepsia.
Nervous people . should eat plenty ot
meat, convalescents should make meat th«
principal food, hard working people have
to do so. and brain workers and offlca
men should eat, not so much meat but at
least once a day and to insure its perfect
digestion one or two of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets should be taken after each
meal, because they supply the peptone*,
diastase and fruit acids, lacking in every
case of stomach trouble. . .: -.
Nervous dyspepsia, catarrh of stomach,
gastritis, sour stomach, gas and acidity
are only different names for indigestion,
the failure to digest wholesome food, and
the use of Stuart's Tablets curea them
all because by affording perfect digestion
the stomach has a chance to rest and re-
cover its natural tone and vigor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the real-
household medicine; it is as safe and
pleasant for the stdmachache of tho baby
as it Is for the imperfect digestion o£. Its
grand sire." .. ' ' ; - .* -^
They are iiot a cathartic, but a digres- '
tive.and no pill habit can ever follow ttjeir
use; the only habit Stuart's Tableta in-
duces is the habit of pood digestion. and
consequently jjood health.
A little book on stomach diseases mallect;
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall. Mich. All drug stores sell the jab- 1
lets at E0 cents for complete treatment.
San Francisco in regard to the formation
of a committee for the Pacific Coast, and
has opened a subscription there with £10u
In her letter Lady Hesketh says:
"It is my particular privilege tr> forwa-d
this appeal to my native State of Califor
nia, and to. the people of Nevada, who so
long honored my father. William Sharon,
with their confidence as their representa
tive in the Senate. There are no more
kinder-hearted and no more open-handed
people than those of these States."
•Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
LONDON. Feb. 17.-A week that opened
with the news of General Buller s retreat
and the consequent gloomy forecasts re
sardin* th© entire phase of the war. but
closes^with the .relief of Kimberley and
the general belief that the turning point
of the campaign has been reached, scarce
ly admita of any. other, topic. Qu te nat
urally the news from the front ¦ £ *J£
lantly told- and retold until s^^ary
mattera of Interest such as Parliamentary
proceedings obtain but passing notice, or
these the most ratable was Lord Rose
bery's vivid analysis of Great Britain s
isolation. . _• '.:*•-". ? »,_._-
The new. military programme * hl «*
bom this week haa droned along to* a £*
enactment, being accepted more In tne
light of a makeshift than anything else,
and Is quite overshadowed by the former
Premier's remarks, though his pessimistic
views were discounted by the almost sim
ultaneous publication of Lord Roberta
SU The S manner in which Lord Rosebery de
livered-this remarkable oration was tun
usually theatrical and in other respects
savored of an appeal to the gallery, giv
ing A. J. Balfour, the Government leader
in the House of Commons, the opportun
ity the following day to gibe the ex-pre
mier with unusual, bitterness upon his
"tones of trembling emotion, etc.
Yet- Lord 'Rosebery merely voiced what
is undoubtedly the predominant opinion
In Great Britain, but. though he may have
the'majority behind him in his pessimism.
It does not follow that Lord Kosebery s
deductions are correct. The generalising
with which Lord Salisbury answered ana
has answered since the war began, there
by so keenly irritating such influential
organs of his own party as- the London
Times, Standard. Morning Post and Tele
graph, are the studied utterances of an
experienced statesman, who is just as
much aware of their political -lnadvis
ability as any of his critics, for, through
his subordinates, he keeps in close touch
with popular feeMng. .rience, an under
lying motive must be looked for. and there
Is a growing impression that Lord Salis
bury Is sacrificing politics to what he
rightly or wrongly believes to be the
statesmanship of the last quarter of a
century. His strength, patriotism and
diplomacy have often been severely tested
and found not wanting, hence the idea
that his continued refusal to take the na
tion into his confidence at this crisis is
prompted by motives of the highest im
portance. __
The conduct of the Foreign Office,
where there is not the slightest Inclina
tion to underestimate the difficulties or
overestimate the national capabilities,
certainly bears out this solution of the
enigma that puzzles the Conservatives as
much as it provides capital for the Lib
erals.
A reasonable supposition waa sug-.
gested by a well-known Peer, who said:
"It is more than likely that Lord Salis
bury, though seeing no immediate likeli
hood of foreign complications, wishes to
prepare fcr the contingency and be able to
meet It with a free hand, unfettered by
any recent utterances confessing weak
ness or exposing strength."
In support of this it Is Interesting to
observe that at the moment Lord Rose
bery was demanding naval mobilization
the admiralty was engaged in instituting
the preliminaries for that ve,ry move by
ascertaining at all the naval ports the
number of ships that could be immediate
ly commissioned and issuing OTdera for
three, battleships and three cruisers,- all
of the reserve, to coa! at once In order
to be ready lor commissioning In case
they were required. ...
- Yet from Lord Salisbury's dilettante re
ply to Lord Rosebery no one would have
thought this last step was contemplated.'
The possibilities of having the Zulus as
allies has shocked the British. But fn.
whole the logic of their right of self-de
fense and the duty of Great Britain to
help them, even though' they are savages,
are taken as justincation for Joseph
Chamberlain's views. It is more . than
probable that native Indian troops will
eventually be used in South Africa. There
is a strong element in the Cabinet in fa
vor of this step and it la likely it would
have been taken long ago but for fear of
the non-conformist conscience and other
religio-political influences, for the an
nouncement of the intention to employ
Indian troops In the war, coming on the
top of the Zulu announcement, would
have been a bitter pill for many to swal
low.
It Is a strange anomaly to find Great
Britain, the home of the emigrant,
threatened by the immigrant, yet such
is the case. Industrial activity and the
Increase in wares in the United Kingdom
have attracted hordes of continental la
bor. Last month alone about 4000 Immi
grants arrived, a large increase on the
average. The Globe plaintively remarks:
"When the present wave of Industrial
prosperity is succeeded by a wave of ad
versity we shall have on our hands a mul
titude of foreigners, eagerly competing for
the bread which ought by right to nourish
the native born. We have no legislative*
machinery for sifting out pauper aliens
and returning them to their own coun
tries, as they have In the United States."
Winston Churchill's first novel. "Sav
rola," was published this week and has
been tolerably well reviewed. The young
war correspondent has depicted the polit
ical intrigue and revolution in the Imag
inary republic of Laurania, throwing in
lots of fighting, epigrams and political
maxims, the latter evidently gathered
from his experience In England. The
book was mainly written in 1897.
Lady Hesketh Is the latest American to
take an active part In the affairs of the
hospital ship Maine. ¦ She has been In
communication with John Klrkpatrtck of
President Kruper- Is said to have sent to
The Hague since the successful move
ment of General French for the relief of
Kimberley reached a former official of
Holland In this city to-day. The message,
which was apparently sent with a view to
quieting the apprehensions of the friends
of the Boers, reads:
"No uneasiness. General operations
west fully planned."
The recipient of. this dispatch, -who con
ceals his Identity from the public, re
ceived and published a dispatch announc
ing the defeat, of the British at Splons
Kop twenty-four hours before the news
of that event was made known through
British, sources.
NO WIRE TO KIMBEKLEY.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The Commercial
Cable Company this morning sent .out the
following notice: " r :
"The British poatofHce authorities re
quests us to cancel yesterday's notice In
regard to Kimberley. There Is no tele
graphic communication at present with
Kimberley."
HOW THE BESIEGED BRITISH ENJOY THEMSELVES WITH BOER SHELLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJXDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
FAVORABLE REPORT ON
HEPBURN'S CANAL BILL
House Committee Points Out the Ben
efits to Follow Construction of
the Waterway.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17.— Chairman
Hepburn of the. House Committee on In
terstate and Foreign Commerce to-day
submitted the report of the committee in
favor ot the Hepburn bill for constructing
i_he Nicaragua!! canal. The report fays
If the provisions of the bill can be carried
rut the United States -Hill, within a few years
? from six to eigho. be in- fuli -ownerehl|» «nJ
control of a waterway connecting the oceans.
that it can defend and that it can use in the
Interests of its navy and its merchant marine
as wl?dctn may dictate.
There eeems to be but little doubt that the
rtates of Nicaragua and Costa Kica will give
their consent for the construction of this great
work. It will traverse either the border or
the Interior of Nicaragua fur a distance of
kbout l? 0 miles. It will give to that state a
waterway from its capital and it» most pro
tfuctlve region to the ?*a. It will place that
country on one of the great waterways of the
world, bringing it into Immediate contact with
k large foreign commerce, and those who con
duct it. In very many ways the state will
J-.ave advantages not now possessed, and that
will be for a long time lost If another mute
by which the oceans are connected should be
adopted. All of these considerations induce
the belief that these two enlichtwd state? will
he glad to aid our Government cordial ly anil
efficiently la carrying out this gr»-at design.
After reviewing the several surveys the
report continues:
These reports above referred to. the opln'.cns
ef the engineers and scientist! believed to m
entirely competent f»r their work. Justify your
committee in recommending the undertaking
of the enterprise us cr.e entirely practicable
«_• d one that can be coir-.pleted for a sum or
money, the expenditure of which will be wise.
It Is true that the fhtimate* of cost are vari
able ranging as they do from less than $40,
<WO 000 to a possible Jn:.,ovo.o(K>. It Is. however,
proper to say that the size and character o.
ihe canal estimated for is as variable as is
the coet. The earliest estimates were tor a
canal suited to the ship* of the time. The
later estimate* are for ehlpa of this time. * ir
teea feet depth and fifty feet width was the
hire of the earlier project. Thirty feet depth
acd ISO feet width are the dimensions o. the
later proposed cacal.
Income of the Canal.
Dealing- with the varying estimates as
to the probable Income- of the canal the
report sa.ys>:
One gesileman has ea'.d that, in his Judg
ment, not more than 300.000 tens would pass
through the canal annually. Another has eaid
that U 01/*0 1 /* 00y tons would I'uss through the
canal. Oemlerr.en connected with tbe Maritime
Canal Com.ps.ny gave it jus their opinion that
t <X>o 000 or 6.W0.U0U of tonnage wrould be the
amount that would pass through the canal an
nually. Of course we have the right to ss
•ume that, whatever the amount b«. It would
be an increasing amount from year to year.
U present $1 oi per ton is the toll charged for
the use of tbe Suez Canal. If that rate were
the rate charped at the Nicaragua Canal, and
4 OOC 000 be the tonnage passage through it, an
¦Lggrvgate sum of more than 16.000.600 would be
tbe receipts. It is estimated that the cost of
Tr.h:r:\:.-:.-zjg and operating the canal would be
JLOOO.OOO annually. If the United States bor
rowed the money to Invest In the enterprise
this sum would pay the annual Interest, the
cost of maintalnlr.g and operating and leave a
surplus of mon than $1,000,000. And with the
Increasing tonnage we might reasonably hope
for euch accumulations of surplus that would
In a few rears fully reimburse the Government
Tor its outlay. Or if it should be the policy to
¦use the canal to st)n-.o!ate the building up of
the taerchßTit marine It could be made a most
powerful factor. A British vessel trading from
any port in Great Britain to Hongkong, char
tering a 6000-ton vessel and ueir.g the Sue*
Canal, must pay as toils a kuhi la excess of
918.000 for tbe round voyage.
His American rival, trading from New Tork
to Hongkong, using the Nicaragua Canal free
cf toll because he used a ve«sel made in an
American shipyard out of American material
and by Americas labor, and loaded with Amer
ican merchandise, would po6s*»ts marked ad
var.tag* — advantag** so marked aa to make
It his interest to stimulate American shipbuild
ing- .
It la thto kind of a canal, that may be
used In this way, discriminating in favor of
far merchants and shipbuilders and our labor,
if euch shcuM be the policy of the Government,
that i ¦-. ur committee are anxious to secure.
Ho Partnerships Wanted.
Tour committee la aware, that there are a
number of persons who claim to have conces
sions from the Government of Nicaragua and
("osta Rica, Investing them with rights to nav
lgatt the San Juan Kiver and Lake Nicaragua.
Others clidm to be authorized to construct this
e/r*-at waterway connecting the oceans. But It
is believed by your committee that these rights
have either lapsed or are of Inconsiderable
value, or Lave been obtained for epeculatlve
purposes. However this may be, It should be
the purpose of our Government to deal directly
•with the Governments of Nicaragua and Costa
J '-)¦«- These Governments can adjust ail ques
tions growing out of these concessions much
more easily than the United States. It Is not
believed that any one o£ these real or alleged
concessionaires have any rights or Inteiests
that they can convey to the United States. And
It Is not deemed wife to hare any joint Inter
est or interests of copartnership, or any Interest
crowing out of corporate relations with any of
these i»er&oas. It is our opinion thst the-peo
ple of the United Stales want a Government
canal— one that will be ccrjpletely under the
control of Lee United States.
After alluding to possible International
objections to the building and control of
this canal by this nation alone owing to
the advantages that would accrue to the
United States navy the report says:
We want to Increase our power upon the high
«eae. Our people are Intent on having their
full share of the commerce of the wortd. This
canal Is an aid In that direction. It Is true
that it will disturb the conditions of equality
that now exist, but every effort that the suc
cessful merchant makes is un effort to disturb
thle equality and to secure advantages for hlm
•elf. Steamships instead of sail vessels, the
huge vessel of to-day Instead of the smaller
one of fifty years aro. improvements In ma
chinery, in manufacture, all of these are ef
fort* to disturb the equality of conditions that
«xUt between merchants. They are all deem
ed Juftlflalle, praiseworthy tne ge _
curement of this short route Is only an effort
cf greater magnitude In this same direction
W« Eave ten thousand miles in the passage to
China over the old route by way of Cape Horn
Our Government -would fca\e precisely the same
right to take offense at the use cf the Suez
canal by merchants be would the English Gov
ernment at our using the Nicaragua canal
At all events, v.c want our share of the
¦world's commerce, and to peeun? It we must
have all of the Tadllties' that are possible. Nor
can w« erpeot to get our Khare without fierce
struggle*. There is now the most Intense ri
valry- for this commerce on the part of -the
commercial nations. And our rivals will use
ell political and commercial Influences and
diplomacy with all of its arts, menacing, per
haps, to drive us out of the field.
Former Treaty a "Dead" Letter.
There are persons who say that we are bound
by treaty stipulations with the Government of
Great Britain to- refrain from carryirrg out this
great enterprise. This statement we do not
believe. We recogr.fze tho fart that fifty years
ago the United States and Great Britain en
tered Into an alliance to wcure the building
of the. Nicaragua car.al. Any "person who dis
passionately studies carefully -that treaty must
com© to the conclusion that the primary stipu
lations In the Clayton-Hulwer convention look
ed to the Immediate buildlnr of a canal undf>r
the Influences that might be exercised by the
two Governments rather than to a prohibition
of either to build it.
After quoting the treaty the report
goes on: ¦
No one can read that article without con
cluding that the Nicaragua canal contemplated
was an undertaking early to be completed
through the kindly aid of the two govern
ment!'. Great Britain has allowed fifty years
to elapse without any movement on her part
to carry out the provisions of that article. It
has been a dead letter from the day the treaty
was siened to the present moment. And the
jirovif=!ons of the first article were agreed to
necessarily In connection with the seventh,
that neither government shall have . exclusive
control over said ship canal, being the ship
canal that was provided for in the seventh
article, and which the two- nations were to use
their friendly offices in Immediately securing.
Bit suppose this is not true and that we are
bound, as was Great Britain bound, not to se
cure the Nicaragua canal. This Nicaragua
canal tan properly be described in other words
by calling it "the short • route .to the east";
and then, partly paraphrasing the sentence.
"Great Britain and the United States bound
themwlves not to secure, as against the other,
the short route to the east."
In ISiO the Nicaragua route was the only
'•short route to the east" that any man had
in his thoughts, and the spirit of the agree
ment was that Great Britain would not secure
the short route to the t-ast without the con
sent and co-operation of the United States.
But In violation of the spirit of the contract
Great Britain, through her control over the
Suez canal, secured for herself a short route
to the ea*t, one that is on her territory as
completely for all practical purposes as though
It was on the soil of Ireland; one that is com
pletely under the control of her guns at Gib
raltar and the Islands in the Mediterranean and
the Red Sea; and yet we are blandly told that
notwithstanding the failure on her part to
observe the letter of the seventh article and
the spirit of the first article we are bound by.
a treaty of alliance entered Into fifty years
ago. . -*¦ ?. .-. .-- - ;
Growth of Pacific Coast- Trade.
The last fifty years has wrought a remark
able change In our relations to a waterway
crossing the isthmus. Eighteen hundred and
fifty was only four years removed from our*
first occupation of California. It waa only
four years later than the passage of the first
party of emigrants from the Mississippi River
under the protection of a military force to
Oregon. It was but two years after the ces
sion of large landed interests on the Pacific
Coast from Mexico. It was only three years
after settlement of the disputed boundary of
our Northwest Pacific possessions.
In lSi.O not more than 10,000 inhabitants were
on the Pacific Coast. Our coastwise trade with
that coast was insignificant In value or amount.
Now we have millions of citizens living on
that coast. We have hundreds of millions of
commerce; we have thousands of millions of
wealth. We have acquired Alaska, Hawaii and
the Philippines. There !s no comparison be
tween the meager Interests of fifty years ago
acd the colossal Interests of to-day. The sit
uation h«s so changed, the interests of our
people now and then axe so diverse, the neces
sity of responding to these changed conditions is
so overwhelming, that the most censorious of
those who lead In the formation of the world's
judgment would say that our present action must
be in harmony with these new conditions rather
than the old. There Is a law of self-preserva
tion that should control the action of com
munities, no lers than of individuals.
Irrepealable statutes are not tolerated. Even
the most solemnly enacted constitutions must
give way to the demand of the later generations
when it Is found that their provisions are harm
ful to the public welfare. And we know of no
other form of enactment having sanctity above
law and constitution that th» overwhelming
needs of the people may not with consistency
and morality demand the repeal of.
Question of Fortifications.
In this connection the report quotes
Professor Lawrence In "Principles of. In
ternational Law/ In which he: discusses
the extent to which treaties are binding.'
The report then proceeds:
But we think It safe to say that neither the
United States nor Great Britain has continu
ously regarded the Clayton-Bulwer treaty as
In forre. In I*6B the United States and Nica
ragua exchanged ratifications of a treaty of
friendship commerce and navigation. It gives
to the United States the rf^ht to send its forces
Into Nicaragua to defend the citizens of the
United State* and their property, the property
In contemplation being the Nicaragua cr.nal.
The use of a military force always Implies the
right to establish fortifications for defensive
pur noses.
Now is it possible that the TJnite.l State*
would at that early day^-only peventeoi years
after the negotiation of the Clayton-Bulwer
convention— have secured from Nicaragua the
right thus to use her military forces If 'tne
authorities did not believe the Clayton-Bulwt-r
treaty was abrocated?
But again, at an earlier period — In IS6o— Great
Britain herself concluded a treaty with the
State of Xicarajrua. Will it be contended" that
Great Britain had the right Jo secure, from
Nicaragua an agreement that she might enter
with her military forces the territory of Nica
ragua and use her military forces for the de
fense of her people and her property, lnclud
lns the right to build such fortifications as
might be needed for her military forces, and
yet the provisions of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
It Is doubtless true that In ISSO Great Britain
and the United States contemplated the speedy
completion of the Nicaragua canal. They pro
posed to have joint Interests, by Joint contri
butions to It. But the possibilities of a Suez
canal, that followed years after ISSO, daw:ud
upon the maritime world and changed the In
ternets of Great Britain. She no longer de
sired the Nicaragua canal for her own uses.
She directed her conduct with reference to the
new conditions, yet ctlll uses this Khott of a
dead treaty to frighten the people of the United
States from securing; the advantages certain to
flow to us from the successful completion of
this rreat undertaking. ;. • '.
¦jjBp^"**lSB>** > *3a?%s.
Igllll Weat:
Ther» !» nothing: like EXJECTRICTTT ¦to mil
life. Tim and vicor into weak men or women
Pruc* *lv« but temporary relief;. act mersly ai
a stimulant, bat Electricity fllea to all we**
parts of the body, imparting nature* foro*
tbereto asd doing tbe required work surely *nl
In a permanent manner. If "rua down* li»
health and strength you had better try ' Ele-
ctricity. U»« an Electric Belt, for that Is th«
best method ot applying It: but be sure you cat
a food one while you are about It: In short, try
"Dr. Pierre's." for It Is guaranteed to b* ta*
best Electric Belt on earth. ¦
err'Bocklat Noi-f free at office or «ent or,
m»H fir « ze stamp, tell* nil *hout It. ¦ Addres*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CJO Market street. SAJJ FRANCISCO. ' *
M Tribune Bulldlcr. KEW. TORICr
14Hihn-Ready Wedding.
Special Dlacn-tch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 17.— Miss Theresa
Hlhn, daughter of F. A. Hlhn of this
city ,was married to George Henry. Ready
this morning at 10 o'clock in the Catholic
church. The bride was attended by her
friend Mrs. Charles Hammer, and the
groom by J. Terry Brooks of San Jose.
The ceremony was solemnized by Father
McNamee, assisted by ' Father O'Reilly.
After the ceremony a weeding breakfast
was served at the Hihn mansion. The
couple left on the 11:40 train for, Southern
California. /
Josiah Quincy Marries.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— Joslah Qulncy, for
mer Mayor of Boston, . and Mrs. Tyler
were ' married to-day in • St. George*
Church. Hanover Square. James R. Car
ter second secretary of the- United States
Embassy, was the best man. Joseph H.
Choate, United States Embassador;
Henry White, first secretary of the
United States Embassy, and all the mem
bers of the embassy were present.
Losses to Lake Shipping.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— The River
and Harbor Committee of the House gave
a hearing to-day to those Interested In
the connecting waters between Lakes Su
perior and Huron. Colonel Lydecker, the
United States engineer officer in charge,
explained the congested condition of the
Sault Ste. Marie canal, where, there were
two < or : three blockades last summer, en
tailing a loss to lake shipping of $1,000,000.
Colonel • Lydecker detailed ' tho : Important
work in progress at the Lime Kiln cross
ings, Detroit River, and in reply to ques
tions, discussed the advisability of In
creasing the facilities of the St. Clalr flats
channel.
BELGIAN HARE SHOW.
Many Fine Specimens on Exhibition
at San Diego.
Special Disratch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17.— The first Belgian
hare show of the San Diego Poultry and
Pet Stock show opened to-day with over
200 entries and a promise of more on Mon
day morning, when the animals have been
allowed to remain at their homes over
Sunday. Quite a number of the animals
have been on the benches at the Los
Angeles show, which has Just closed, and
they are tired. out. but will be In position
before the time set for the animals to be
on the bench.
The Belgian hare interests are already
very large In this county, as Indeed they
are all over Southern California, Los An
geles being the city which Is acknowl
edged to have the finest Belgian hares
In the world. In the San Diego show
there are to be two classes— one for hares
from San Diego County alone and the
other with no limits. Good prizes are to
be given in each class, but they are to
be kept away from each other, and hares
cannot be entered in both. P. E. Crab
tree is to Judge the hares, but Judging
will not be commenced before next Wed-
nesday. - There are already many thou-
TRAMPS FIGHT
WITH TRAIN CREW
*
Used Guns When Or
dered From a Car.
¦ »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON. Ariz., Feb. 17.— The crew of
the' east-bound Southern Pacific fast
freight had an exciting experience last
night at Red Rock. A brakeman found
that an empty stock car was occupied by
eight tramps and he ordered them from
the car. They refused to go, and Con
ductor D. M. Conway decided to switch
the car off at Red Rock, in order to get
rid of the tramps without trouble.
The hobos realized that they were be
lnc left and attempted to board the train
when It was starting. The crew beat
them off and the tramps pulled guns and
began firing at the trainmen. A^ number
of shots were fired, but none of the train
men were Injured. Brakeman Acton says
that five shots passed close to his head.
•The trainmen rushed to the end of the
train and, arming .themselves, drove the
tramps from the train. The tramps were
all armed and are still at large. Two of
the party were captured by the train
men and . brought here to-day.
to Helena and return. The next .time he
met Marcyes he told him he was obliged
to him. That was the extent of his con
versation with Marcyes.
"It is absolutely false that I held up my
hand, indicating that Marcyes could have
$10,000 for his vote, as Cason testified, nor
did I by any movement or word of lip in
dicate that I expected him to secure a
vote for me for a corrupt consideration,"
said Clark. ' .
Clark admitted that he had thought well
of Cason not only because of the letter of
identification he brought but because Ca
son had been with his friends in a" com
bination of Democrats and -Republicans
in a campaign in Butte.
In reply to a suggestion from Chandler,
Clark said he had written a letter to the
Republican caucus of tho Montana Legis
lature outlining his attitude on the tarltl.
The question had first arisen in tho legis
lative campaign In Yellowstone County,
and he had at that early date written a
letter to Foster of that county. Writing
to the chairman of tho Republican cau
cus he had reiterated the views expressed
in the Foster letter. He had not preserved
a copy of the letter, but If one could" be
found he would be glad to produce it.
Chandler insisted that the letter should
be found, as It was evidence of tho pledge
he made to secure Republican votes.
Clark said he had sent the letter to
Hobson, chairman of the Republican cau
cus. Clark stated the contents of the let
ter to the caucus. He said that he had
taken the position that "In the distribu
tion of the duties on various articles ho
thought that raw materials should be
provided for and share in the advantage
of the protective tariff to the extent of
materials produced in our own State,
such as wool, lead, hides and barley."
Returning to Cason, Clark said ho had
sent hinr a check for $500 after the ad
journment of the Legislature. This he
had done because Cason had complained
to him of the condition of his finances and
because of the good opinion he had of
him.
Speaking of the Republican votes cast
for him, Clark said he had told all Repub
lican members of the Legislature that he
would not accept their voieß if they would
Insure his election unless he could get a
majority of the Republican caucus. Hia
reason was that to accept fewer than a
majority of the caucus would subject
them to accusations of accepting bribes.
"There was so much scandal at the
time," he said, "that I thought It right
to protect them. I wanted to have the
election beyond reproach and I did not
want to compromise any of these peo
ple."
He had meant to adhere to this position
even if he had fallen only one short of
a majority of the Republican caucus.-
Blckford Did the Work.
The letters to and from Dr. Ector were
then taken up. Explaining one of his let
ters to the doctor, he said he thought the
matter related to Representative Woods
and that Bickford was looking after that
matter, hence the expression in his letter
that "that matter is left entirely in the
hands of Bickford." He had not known
that Woods was in debt, as that subject
had never been brought to his attention.
He had heard that Bickford would look
after Woods' vote. He had had no con
versation with Woods until after the leg
islative election.
Clark said he was in the habit of turn-
Ing matters of detail over to others who
had particular matters in hand. He. had.
he knew, spoken to Bickford on the sub
ject and he thought it probable that he
had turned the letter over to him.
"Mr. Blckford," Clark said. In reply to
a question from Senator Hoar, "was the
only one I knew well in Mr. Woods' local
ity, and I would likely turn the matter
over to him. He had no authority to act
for me except in a legitimate way. All I
expected was that he should hold Woods
In line and prevent the people by whom
he was surrounded, who were unfriendly
to me, from getting Woods away from
me. He was authorized to use only per
suasive means and was not authorized to
use any money. I had nothing improper
In my mind and I had no reason. to sup
pose that Blckford had anything Improper
In his mind."
He knew nothing, he said, of the in
debtedness on Woods' ranch, which it was
proposed should be carried for him.
"Nothing was said to me by any living
person which. would lead me to suspect or
suppose that such a condition existed," he
said.
It was a surprise to him when the de
tails of the transaction for the relief of
Woods' mortgage by his son and Blck
ford was brought out . In the testimony.
Questioned closely upon Blckford hav
ing taken $7000 to Mlssoula to lift Woods'
mortgage. Clark repeated that he had not
at the time known anything whatever
about It. He had not known that his son
had given the money to Bickford until
the matter was brought out in the testi
mony here.
"Did your pon have access to your ac
counts, co that he could have given Blck
ford that amount of money in your In
terest?" asked Hoar.
"The son is a man of wealth himself,
said Faulkner.
"Let the witness answer, said Senator
Chandler.
Clark said: "My son had drawn checks
on my account, but he did not do bo In
this case. He could easily have drawn
this amount of money on his own ac
count."
Expense Money for Friends.
In reply to a question, he said that his
son had not, even since the facts of this
transaction were brought In this Inquiry,
explained to him. He. had not paid Bick
ford anything for his service, except his
expenses and his regular salary. .
Replying to a question by Faulkner con
cerning the relation to himself of his son,
C W Clark. Wellcome, Blokford, A. J.
Davidson, A. J. Steele, William McDer
mott and others. Senator. Clark said:
'•They stood to me In the relation of
friends, promoting my political; Interests,
and some of them composed 1 a committee
which had undertaken to disburse funds
In the campaign and which was author
ized to look after matters generally."
"Had they any authority to do anything
in a financial way more than to pay in
cidental expenses?'*^ _
"They had not, if I am to understand
your question to be whether they had
authority to pay out money for unlawful
purposes. They had no authority to pay
out money for any other than fair and
legitimate purposes." ¦¦¦¦
The examination in chief was concluded
In executive session the committee de
cided not to receive Falk's testimony
concerning Whiteside's reported effort at
bribery as purely collateral testimony, but
It is understood that notice has been given
of a motion for reconsideration. The com
mittee also discussed the question of the
advisability of sending for witnesses for
the purpose of Impeaching the testimony
of witnesses already heard, but reached
no conclusion on this point. There ar©
about thirty such witnesses wanted on
each side and the expense of bringing
them would be about $18,000 or $20,000.
the kidneys; another catarrh of the blad-
der.
Mr. Hamilton Clark, 560 West Madison
street, Chicago, 111., writes:
"I have taken one-third of a bottle of
HON. JOHN V. WRIGHT OF TENNESSEE.
John V. "Wright, Law Department, Gen-
eral Land Office of Tennessee, in a letter
written from Washington, D. C, says the
following of Peruna for catarrh:
"I have used Peruna In my family and
can' cheerfully recommend it as being all
you represent, and ¦wish every one who 1»
suffering with catarrh, general debility or
prostration could know of it I would ad-
vise ollssuch to take it in time and fore-
stall the terrible consequences. I regard
It as a most valuable remedy, and most
cheerfully recommend it."
Mr. Ed Sheehan, 370 Avenue "D," 6a-
yonne, N. J., says:
"I am thirty-eight years old, a machin-
ist, and have been troubled with my
stomach for twenty years. I could not
sleep well. My stomach always felt heavy
after eating. I was very nervous; would
Jump If I heard anything fall. I have now
taken four bottles of. Peruna and have
gained fifteen pounds in three months. 1
can eat anything I want now Just as I
could when a boy."
Many people think that catarrh is con-
fined to the head, and perhaps occasional
cases of catarrh of the stomach. This is
very far from being the case. Every or-
gan, duct and opening of the body Is lined
with mucous membrane and Is liable to
catarrh or inflammation. One man has
catarrh of the eyes; another catarrh of
the bronchial tubes; another catarrh of
THE SAX FRAXCISCO C ALL, , SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1 8, 1900.
RAOWAT'S BEADI ItELlii*- ha* rtood
unrivaled before the public for E0 year* as *
Pun Remedy. It instantly relieve* and quickly
rures all Colds. Sore Throat*. Influenza. Bron-
rhttii. Pseumocltu RbeumaUem. Neur&lgia.
Keadaefee. Tootbkche and all p&lns. Internally
tor 2£&lcsla and aU Bowel Pains. AU druggists.
Reception to Veterans.
Special Dissatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 17.— The Lucius
Falrchlld Women's Relief Corps of the
G. A. R. of this city gave a reception last
night to Lucius Falrchlld Post, G. A. R.,
that was one of the most notable, social
as well as fraternal gatherings ever held
In Pacific Grove. A banquet followed the
reception, covers being laid for 200 guests,
Mrs. Elizabeth Strong Worthlngton. pres
ident of the corps, presiding and Adjutant
B F. Lablar of Lucius Fairchild Post act-
Ing as toastmastcr. About fifty Grand
Army veterans were present. Including
many from other California and Eastern
posts.-
Imprisonment for Life.
Special Dlsoatch to The Call
MARYSVILLE. Feb." 17.— In 'the Superior
Court to-day, Judge Davis sentenced Lem
Deo, indicted by the Grand Jury and con
victed by a trial Jury: for' the murder of
Hoey Goom, to spend the ; remainder of
his life In San Quentin Prison.: The pris
oner is of the Suey Sing Tong and his vic
tim was a Hop Sing man. The trial of
Jew Wing, charged with being Lem Deo's
accomplice In ; the crime, will begin next
Monday.
BOY SUSPECTS RELEASED.
Were Only Tools in the Hands of
Older Persons.
Special Ptscatch to The Call
MONTEREY, Feb. 17.— Three boys sus
pected of being Implicated In the daring:
burglaries committed In this city last
week because they had In their, possession
some of the stolen goods have been ar
rested and arraigned before Judge T. O.
Lambert. Charles Escobar, the eldest of
the youthful trio, proved an alibi and was
discharged. The other two. Nicholas Es
cobar and Thomas Romero, aged respec
tively 11 and 13 years, were released with
out bail because of Insufficient evidence
to convict. It now transpires that the
boys were merely Instruments in the
hands cf some older person or persons,
and though every effort has been used
nothing has yet succeeded In making the
boys divulge the name of their principal.
The matter is exciting much comment in
this city. •
Fruit Packers Meet.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 17.— Trfere was a large
attendance at the State Fruit Packers*
Convention to-day and the contract with
the Cured Fruit Association covering
apricots was discussed section by section
and finally adopted unanimously. This
action will be reported to the board of di
rector*, who will meet at an early day.
The convention also unanimously decided
that the apricot contract would be equally
applicable to peaches and pears.
Victor Bouton Indicted.
WINNEMUCCA, Xev., Feb. IT.-Vlctor
Bouton. brother of the well-known ac
tress. Madeline Bouton. was to-day in
dicted for cattle stealing. The same
Grand Jury also Indicted a well-known,
cattleman, a resident of Humboldt Coun
ty, for whose arrest a bench warrant was
issued.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
That is about the mildest form of oat-
cry a man makes when rheumatism sud-
denly tweaks him. In its worst forms
rheuJnatism is a living death. The vic-
tim, incapable of mo-ring hand or foot,
Vas no part in the great procession of
life, on which he
I f »^ j gazes with hope-
1 a*£p"Q \ I e9S e y es * %****¦
i Itjffij^ni1 tjffij^ni _ I from rheumatism,
B^?j||£pff£3£*|gS» cleanse the blood
EVLc T&F'Zjr&SSsSr from uric acid and
&&§\^&§sf\i£r other poisons, will
SPtf^SnSc Pi cuxe rheumatism,
Wl|y>^^Aß "Golden Medical
VwUil VWyA tbe and . to
fill I \f ' \ ' e(^ w ' l^ rtaeumaUsm
T-~£ft (<P*S Wi'.liamsburp- County.
i^^y S. C.. "so bed at tinj<^»
-»2_ ' bed. I w*» b«<lly
eripplfd. Tried many doctor, and two of them
r«r «v C ac up to die. None of them did me much
£ood. The pains in ray back. hip«. and legs
f.nd at time, in tny head), would =«rtj tiU
me My appetite was very bad. Everybody
who u««nid I must die. I took five bottles
of -Golden Medical Discovery ' and four rials
of ' PcUeU." and to-day my health is £ood after
•uSering twelve years wi{h rheumatism."
Dr. Picrce's Medical Adviser, in paper
binding, free on receipt of 21 one-cent
damps to pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Sets Fire to Herself.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 17.— Mrs. Julia Cam.
mer. wife of a' foundry workman, and
mother of five children, to-day poured oil
over_her clothing and deliberately «et fira
to herself In the presence of a drunken
husband, and will probably die of her
burns. She took this method in order to
be revenged on her husband, whose drink-
Ing she objected, to.
sands of dollars Invested In Belgian hares
In this county and the Industry is grow
ing with great rapidity.
Mr. Hamilton Clark.
your valuable remedy and can honestly
and truthfully assert on oath or afflrma-
SENATOR WILLIAM A. CLARK OF MONTANA.
tutlon and Senator Clark Is its president.
The witness said Martin had come to his
office and, requesting an Interview, had
shown him a letter signed by Clark, one
sentence of which was as follows:
"See Justice Brantley and ask him not
to allow that good man Wellcome to be
disbarred."
After reading the letter Justice Brant
ley said he handed it back, saylDg he was
only one member of the court and could
not control Its action, nor would he If he
could. He had also assured Dr. Martin
that there was no prejudice in the court
against Wellcome and that he would have
a fair trial.
The Chief Justice said that he was not
sure that the letter shown him by Martiln
was in Clark's handwriting. The inter
view had occurred In his office in Helena
during the latter part of October last.
Senator Chandler announced that Mar
tin had been sent for and that Tracey was
now on his way to Washington.
Faulkner then asked for a decision as
to whether Ben Fa Ik was to be allowed
to testify concerning Whlteside's alleged
effort at the bribery of himself (Falk).
This raised the question as to how many
witnesses should be called for impeach
ment purposes. Faulkner said he desired
to impeach the testimony of only three
witnesses— Whiteside. Clark of Madison
County and Jackson of Salt Lake City.
Campbell said he would not call any im
peachment witnesses providing the White
side episode were not entered upon. The
decision of the question was again de
ferred and Senator Clark vras called to
the stand.
Clark's appearance caused a ripple of
interest throughout the room. After hav
ing been sworn the Senator took his seat
quietly, and Faulkner Immediately began
his questions, the f'.rst of which brought
out the facts concerning Clark's career,
political and otherwise. In Montana. He
said he had resided in Montana since 18S3,
most of the time in Butte, and had been
engaged In many occupations, the princi
pal of which were merchandising, bank
ing, mining and the reduction of ores. He
had, he said, taken an active part In poli
tics, especially for the past fifteen years.
Sought to Crush Dalyism.
Coming to the campaign of IS9S. he said
he had entered it at the solicitation of a
number of friends, who had asked him
to help them organize the State against
what was called the "Daly power," which
he agreed to do. with their aid and as
sistance. He referred to the preliminary
meeting of his friends, the particulars of
which were related by Governor Hauser,
in which he agreed to pay all the expenses
If the others would do the organizing and
perform the work necessary In the cam
paign.
Relating further the motives actuating
him In entering into this campaign with
a few of the State officers and members
of the Legislature, he Bald he had sent
out some irlends to feel the pulse of the
State. Democratic politics In the State
had been running wild for come years.
The Democrats had been fusing with
Populists and Silver Republicans, and he
was opposed to such a course, because It
resulted In the nomination of persons who
were not Democrats. The object was to
so organize as to break down the "one
man power" In the State. After ascer
taining these facts, the Senator eaid he
had very reluctantly agreed to the propo
sition of his friends, and to assist finan
cially furnished such funds as were abso
lutely necessary in a prudent way to ac
complish the object aimed at.
Clark said that at this preliminary
meeting he had stated distinctly that he
would not be a candidate for the Senate,
and that he had not changed his mind
until after the election of the Legisla
ture.
"Did you." In accoordance with your
agreement with your friends, at that
meeting make any contribution to the
campaign fund?" Faulkner asked.
"Yes, sir," was the reply. "After this
meeting I gave an amount which it was
estimated woujd be necessary to begin
with. That amount was $30,000. The sec
ond contribution was made in October,
and amounted to $20,000. In November I
contributed 540.0<X>, and after I was elected
I gave my son, C. W. Clark, a check for
about $20,503 to pay expenses Incurred dur
ing the sitting of the Legislature In He
lena. Upon leaving that city I had told
my son to stay there and settle up all
bills that had been Incurred. Upon his
return to Butte he gave me a statement
showing disbursements amounting to
about this sum. These four contributions
were all that were made by me In con
nection with that campaign.
Explaining to Senator Hoar, Clark said
that the first contribution of $35,000 was
necessary in organizing for the legislative
campaign, a great deal of money being re
quired to get voters registered and to get
them to the polls.
"Did you ever," asked Faulkner, "di
rectly or indirectly make any money or
other voluntary contributions to secure
the vote of any member of the Legisla
ture for you for United States Senator?"
"No, sir: I never did." responded the
witness, holding himself erect and look-
Ing directly at his interrogator.
"Do you know of your own personal
knowledge of any money being used to
corruptly influence votes In your behalf?"
was the next question.
"I do not. There were plenty of rumors
about the expenditure of money, but I
have no personal knowledge of anything
of that kind being done."
Contradicts Whiteside.
Senator Clark was questioned concern
ing his conversation with Senator White
side and Mark Hewitt and his reported
conversation with Representative Jackson
of Utah. He denied having had any con
versation with Jackson, and. while admit
ting having talked with Whiteside and
Hewitt, he contradicted all the statements
made by them in their testimony which
would in any way Implicate him with cor
rupt methods In the Legislature. He said
that on one occasion he had met White
side at the Helena Hotel, when the latter
had come to him, saying: •
"I have good news tor you. X hare la-
duced Senator Anderson to vote for you."
Senator Clark said he had told White
side that he was pleased to hear this, be
cause he and Anderson had long been
friends and ho had confidently counted
upon his vote before the final ballot
should be taken. Clark said, positively,
that Anderson was the only member of
the Legislature spoken of in this conver
sation, and he explicitly denied having
said that Anderson could not be Influenced
by money "like other members." H© de
nied having told Whiteside that C. W.
Clark, Wellcome or any one else was his
agent.
Clark admitted that he had met
Mark. Hewitt often during the sitting of
the Legislature, as Hewitt had professed
to be a friend of his in his Senatorial
contest. Their conversations had. how
ever, been so completely devoid of feat
ure that he did not remember any of
them. He was sure he had never told
Hewitt, as the latter had testified, that he
considered Whlteside reliable, for he had
not talked with him concerning Whiteside.
He had never told Hewitt after the White
side so-called exposure that they would
make the people believe that Daly had
furnished the $30,000 used by Whiteside in
that exposure, and he had never told
Hewitt that he would have his son or
Wellcome or any one else see Tom Lyons
with a view of satisfying him. He did,
however, remember that Hewitt had told
him that Lyons was making some trouble
about his expenses In the Senatorial cam
paign.
With reference to the testimony of Leg
islator Jackson of Utah Clark said he had
no recollection whatever of having met
that gentleman and that he was sure that
he (Clark) had not tried to influence Jack
son to vote for McCune for United States
Senator from Utah. He was equally sure
that he had made no corrupt or improper
proposals to Jackson in that connection
and that he had not told him that he
(Clark) had just purchased the voto of
a member of the Montana Legislature in
his own behalf.
Equally certain was he thathehaJnjver
said to Jackson or any one else that Sen
ator Hanna of Ohio had secured hi«> elec
tion to the Senate by corrupt means.
"I am absolutely positive, said Senator
Clark, concluding his direct testimony con
cerning Jackson, "that I never had any
conversation with him or any one else
relative to the manner of Senator
Hanna's election, and I want to Bay that
every word of Jackson's testimony which
related to me was absolutely false."
That Letter to Dr. Martin.
At this Juncture a member of the com
mittee asked Clark In regard to the letter
to Dr. Martin of the Montana College
concerning which Justice Brantley had
testified earlier in the day. Clark replied
that he had no recollection concerning the
letter. He thought he might have whitten
it, as his relations with Dr. Martin were
very Intimate, as were also his relations
with Judge Brantley, and as he knew the
relationship to be so between Martin and
Brantley.
"1 may have written the letter to Martin
to see Justice Brantley," said Senator
Clark, "but I certainly eld not go to the
extent of asking him* to suggest to Judge
Brantley that the proceedings against
Wellcome should be stopped. I admit that
I was greatly interested in Wellcome's
case, being convinced, as the letter re
ferred to says, that he is both a grand and
a good man. I do not, however, wiah to
be understood. If I did write the letter,
as suggesting any means of approaching
him which were not perfectly legitimate.
As to recollecting whether I wrote the
letter. 1 repeat that I cannot say positive
ly. My correspondence is probably as
large as that of almost any other man In
the United States. 1 write from fifty to
one hundred letters a day, and it is not
probable that I would remember whether
I had written this letter on a matter
which I did not consider very Important.
If I did write It, I simply did so to have
Dr. Martin use his influence with Jud?s
Brantley to see that justice was done Mr.
Wellcome."
Faulkner asked Clark concerning his ac
quaintance with Rev. B. E. H. Warren,
the Methodist minister who testified for
the prosecution. Clark said Warren ha<l
come to him during the Senatorial content
expressing great interest in his campaign
and had told him that there was a mem
ber of the Legislature, whose name he did
not mention, whose vote could be had ior
Clark.
"I told him," said Clark, "that would
be nice and that I would like to have the
vote. Mr. Warren then said that to g«t
the vote would require some money. I
told him," Clark went on, "that I did not
expect to secure any votes as the result
of a pecuniary consideration."
After that Warren had asked him for a
contribution for his church and had asked
him to send the check, if he gave one at
all, to him personally. He had promised
to do this, and had afterward sent him a
check for $100 for the church, making it
payable' to Warren personally. He hud
never had any more conversations than
this with Warren, and he pronounced as
absolutely false the statement made liy
Warren that he (Clark) had urged him
afterward to get for him the vote of the
member he had spoken of. Referring to
Warren's statement that his sons had
been discharged from employment at
Clark's instance, Clark said he did not
know that Warren had any sons.
Cason's Accusation Denied.
Speaking of his relations with the wit
ness Cason, Clark said Cason had brought
a letter of identification from his brother
in-law. Cason had told him that Repre
eentatlve Marcyes (R.) was a warm
friend of his and that he (Cason) could
be of benefit to him in getting Marcyes'
vote. Clark said that afterward, when he
found that he could not be elected by
Democratic votes, he sent for Cason and
asked him to use , his. • influence with
Marcyes. After having seen Marcyes, Ca
son told him that he had found that mem
ber very friendly to him (Clark). He then
told Cason to go to his son or. some one
else and get money to pay his expenses
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Senator
Clark of Montana, was on the
witness ptand before the Sen
ate Committee on Elections for
about four hours to-day and
when the committee adjourned for the
<lay only his examination in chief had
t>e*n completed, leaving his cross-exam
ination for next Monday. His testimony
related solely to the charges made
against him in connection with his elec
tion by tlve Legislature of Montana to
th« Vnltcd States Senate during its sit
ting last winter. He denied explicitly
And categorically all the charges that by
himself or with his connivance or con
rent members of the Legislature were
corrupted In his behalf, contradicting
many of the statements made by wit
nesses for the prosecution. He admitted
having paid out an aggregate of about
1115,000 during the campaign, but said
these expenditures were for legitimate
purposes only. The large outlay was due
to the fact, he said, that he had con
tracted to pay all the expenses of a cam
paign against Daly's rule In the State
end he had gone Into the compact to that
because he considered Daly's ruU
Tyrannical and opposed to the best in
terests of the State. Chief Justice Brant
ley also was on the stand a part of the
<!ay.
When the proceedings opened Justice
PlffTOtt of the Montana Supreme Court
•was recalled to make some additions to
his testimony. H© said, among other
things, that he and Justice Hunt had
consulted as to the wisdom of criminal
proceedings against Dr. Tracey on ac
count of his advances toward Judge Hunt
In connection with the Wellcome disbar
ment case. He said the consultation had
r*een more a matter of speculation than
anything else, and that both seemed to
roncur that the situation old not call for
Fuch, action, as they thought Dr. Tracey
was more Ginned against than sinning.
Justice Plggott added to the portion of
his testimony concerning Justice Hunt's
«-:a.tement of his interview with Dr.
Tracey, fa-ying that he had been im
pressed by Hunt's statement that there
••was a party over here." Hunt made
that remark In Helena, coming from
Hutte, and, therefore, the expression
Ffemed to connect itself with the pres
ence in lielena of the special-train party
from Butte. This opinion, he paid, had
been expressed in a conversation with
Attorney General Xolan. Justice Piggott
eaid that he wished to modify his opinion
concerning the motives of Corbett in
coming to see him in August last, saying
that his mind was not yet clear on that
point; that he had no belief on the sub-
While Judge Pijrgott was testifying
Clark came Into the room.
Justice Brantley Testifies.
Justice PißKott was followed by Chief
Justice Theodore Brantley. also of tne
Mcntana State Supreme Court, making
the third and last member of that body
to be PxamirK'd in this case. He said that
on August b last, when Justice Hunt had
hi? interview with Dr. Tracey and Justice
Pipg-ott his interview with Oorbett. ho
•was on the Pacific Coast. He had just
heard of th^ Hunt-Tracey interview upon
Jiis return in the latter part of August
Justice Hum had th^n made a full state
ment to him and advised with him and
with Justice Pipgott as to the wisdom
of rrcceed'.r.c againtt Tracey. They had
advised ajrinst such a rr»urs».
Chief Justice Brantley related an inter
view with Rev. Dr. A. B. Martin, prin
<-lpal of the College of Montana, a Pres
byterian ins-litmlon of learning located at
Detr IxxJge. The Chief Juetice is a mem
ber of the board of trustees of this lnstl-
Head, Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder —
Peruna Cures Catarrh Wherever Located.
Mrs. Bertha Ferguson, Superintendent
Free Dispensary, of Brooklyn, writes the
following letter from 138 Lawrencs itreet,
Brooklyn. N. T.:
"It Is always a
pleasure to speak a v^v£®^^\
Kood word for an ar- IB
tide cf merit, and fcg^J^g^ Cmt
no medicine deserves JfJP* I
higher praise as a *^A _M^ I
curative agent in /^fv^ •¦ 'A
cas»9 of catarrh in J^^S^^B^Sl
Its various forma .xnSfiffiyEEgPp^V.^
than Peruna. It la
far above anything I * — IrsS^af *"
have ever known or Mrs> Fe ;gc«oa.
used In such cases
and It therefore has my heartiest In-
dorsement."
Mr. C. K. Cosby, Vale Mill. Term.,
\ writes:
"Five years ago I contracted a -very bad
case of kidney trouble and constipation. I
was expected to die by' an my friends, but
to the surprise of all I still live, thanks to
Peruna."
Mr. Samuel Sanders, of Blythedals. Mo.,
says:
"My disease was catarrh, of the urethra
and bladder. I got a bottle of Peruna and
began taking It. and In a few days I was
relieved and could sleep and rest all night.
I think that Peruna is a valuable rem-
edy."
The following letter was recently re-
ceived by Dr. Hartman, the compounder
of the great catarrh remedy, Peruna.
ROCKPORT. VT. Va.. July 13. 1599.
Dear Doctor Hartman — I send you this
testimonial, prompted by ths gratitude*
of my heart. I can truly say that Pe-
runa is a great medicine. Before I com-
menced taking It I had systemic catarrh
and was In poor health. Since I hava
been taking Peruna I feel like a new
person. I have a good appetite, sleep
well, my food digests well, and I believe-
in, a short time that I will be entirely
well. I heartily recommend Peruna to
all teachers and students aa a great tonic
for the whole system. Yours gratefully,
C. E. DEEM.
Mr. Deem is a teacher in tho common
schools of Wood County. "West Virginia.
A book on the different phases and
complications of catarrh, written by Dr.
Hartman, will be sent free to any ad-
dress by The Peruna Medicine Company,
Columbus, Ohio.
tlon that Peruna Is one of the finest pat-
ent medicines I have ever taken. I feel In
every way better than I have for years.
You are at liberty to use my name to fur-
ther the sale of your remedy."
A remedy to cure catarrh of these differ-
ent organs must be a remedy that acts di-
rectly on the mucous membranes lining
thesa organs. It must be an Internal sys-
temic remedy. It is claimed for Peruna
that it cures catarrh wherever located.
The following- unsolicited words from tha
people indicate whether this Is a trua
statement or not:
Mr. T. P. Faltz, of Sllverton, Va.. writes
the following:
"Peruna Is just what you and others
recommend It to be. I used your Peruna
for catarrh of the eyes according to your
directions, and I am now welL Mr eyes
were red and I couldn't stand the sun-
light. The lids of my eyes were thick, and
some mornlnss I couldn't open tham. At
times I couldn't see out of one of them.
I tried every remedy I could hear of and
then failed.
"The first bottle of Peruna did me mor«
jrood than all th« rest of the medicines I
had taken. I used only four bottles and
now lam a well man. lam telling others
what It has dons for me."
AD VEBTI£> KTrTENTB.
CATARRH ATTACKS ALL INTERNAL ORGANS
SENATOR CLARK DENIES
ALL BRIBERY CHARGES
Admits That He Spent $115,000, but Claims the
Money Was Not Used to Corrupt Legislators.
Have a look at the fine kid lace and but-
ton shoes for ladles that will be sold to-
morrow for $1. worth $3," at the sale of
shoes, 717 Market street* . •
»^™"^^^^^^^™^^^^^^^
tiuduan for Men and Women nudyan gives one Energy,
Hndyan cures, never doubt t^i^S&^M^ bright rosy complexions, b*-
it. Hudyan cures all disorders t*?2 m 183 c *n:<e it insures perfect actir-
arising; from Weak Nerves or Hst____.^H U' T organs of the body.
Impoverished blood. Hudyan ¦aySBEEEZXivf »l? lael: i ° " uffer w i*h pain-
cures Nervousnes.* Trea- Em — ark '?r? r lrre ?nlar periods, leu-
blinds, Weakness, Dizziness, Vjjai*. w9 cc ° rrh( * a » be » r ing:-<lown pains.
cures Sleeple^ness, Despond- l&S&t ISSI .n. n^ c *" ft t_lons find absolute
ency. Mental Depression. £BL Jwa co™*crt in Hndyan. Itcures.
lluiiyan cures Indigestion SSanßrKtfl lluGynn makes rich blood.
Bloating of stomach, Palpita- Kj»ir~*sH Proxaotes sound sleep, creates
low Complexion's. Hudyan M&ttana^M c uresa re permanent and last-
curesClouded Memory, Head-* W£r^ili22BH« Consult <h» Great Hudyan
aches, Costlvencjs, Torpid HgS f^jfegM Doclom Fre». Th»y Adviig
Liver, nudyan cures Pain in cStiji JW Fre». Call or Writs. Hudyan,
Ilnck, Pain in Side, P*iu« in Mrfff \t a Erf y* *m 50 cts. a pneknge, 6 package*.
Limbs, Weak Back, Sediment jJ*££S§ * 2 - M - For ialo by all dru?-
in Urinr, Ringing in Ears, HB§3fc2a»&3Ql (?'"». or send direct to Hudyi*
Dots before Eves. Hudyan >Qc3 fc ''^*^S3B Remedy Co., cornsr Stockton,
A U "etit S n° f h> Loss of kjyj~~ " 'IBmI Eli; * lnd M « r ' <ol Stre«t», Saa
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
ffUSEUH OF ANATOMY
£fe :: r. uuxx? :r. let. vitrx bjpjmJ
Ef The Largest Aiutcnuctl MuKcot in vie
Wond Weskawrxs or *njr contracted
JhSstJ C "I p*«H' w rlr r>r^ bjr thr oldest
4c£fA DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
v fyfij* 2 ( c9«ult»ocn frr« and stri'tly pri** I*l1 *-
l jtr^t B Ti»«*ment ptr»on»lijr nr by Vttrr. A (
¦ flr n ¦ A*«w Cure m every utcuoSertAkeit.
r 1 il»> WmrforßocL.PßH-OllUfaVel
Ifj Pi »4nniAci:. mailed fru. <a'
A II *iJus±>ic took for mm I
nil- jronnAX <t«;o.. jot: Aiart*ttn..B. f. '
15HIGHWAYMEN CAPTURED.
Two More of the Train Robbers Now
Under Arrest.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call
NOGALES, Ariz., Feb.- 17.— A telegram
was received at Nogales at 4 o'clock this
afternoon by Agent Overton of Wells.
Fargo & Co. from Deputy Marshall Hood
announcing that the combined Tombstone
and Nogafes posses had captured the two
Owen brothers, members of the train
robbers who held up and robbed the
Wells-Fargo Company express .car . at
Fairbanks last Thursday evening-.
Up to date three of the five bandits have
been captured and it 1b only a matter of
a short time when the two remaining out
laws will be caught. - •
Died on a Train
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Feb. 17.— Miss Ce
cil Mallory died on the Oregon express
this evening and .her body was taken off
at this place. She was in company with
her. father, J. H. Mallory. of Castle Rock,
Wash., and had. been to Arizona for her
health. Father and daughter, were on
their way home. The body will be for
warded home on the next train. .
San Mateo Fortnightly.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN MATEO. Feb. 17.— The San Mateo
Fortnightly held Its sixty-fourth meeting
at the residence of G. W. Dickie on Tues
day evening. A paper was read by the
Rev R. H. Kennedy on "Ruskln as a
Social Reformer"; also one by G. Wi
Dickie on "Engineering." followed by se
lections by Mrs. George Wallace. An in
strumental trio was rendered by Mr. and
Mrs. F. R. King and S. A. Maclure, clos
ing with a vocal solo by Mrs. E. G. Ro
dolph.
TWO FOOTPADS
LANDED IN JAIL
Passed Themselves Off
as Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 17—Constable John
son of Davisville landed two desperate
robbers in the County Jail to-day.
They held up a miner south of the rail
road depot at Davisville about 9 o'clock
Friday night. They personated officers.
One of them drew his revolver and mado
the stranger hold up his hands while they
searched him. He had IS 10 in his pock
ets, which they secured. After the rob
bery they made a pretense of being len
ient with him. While insisting that he
was a bad man they gave him the. option
of leaving the county with all possible
haste or of being locked up in the branch
jail. He made a pretense of accepting the
former alternative, but after crossing the
railroad bridge he went up the creek a
short distance, crossed over and returned
to Davisville, where he found Constable
Johnson.
The officer disguised the miner and the
two went in search of the robbers.. They
came upon them just as they were leav
ing the lumber yard to ride out of town
on the brakebeam of a freight car.
When discovered one of the men made
an effort to draw his pistol, but Constable
Johnson, who was within three feet of
him and had him covered with his revol
ver, commanded him to throw up his
bands and he obeyed. The officer hand
cuffed them together and relieved them
of their pistol, after which he searched
them and recovered all the stolen money
except 5 cents.
Believing them to be" secure. Constable
Johnson relaxed his vigilance and put his
revolver In his coat pocket. Without
warning the two robbers suddenly at
tacked him with the evident Intention of
securing the weapon and compelling him
at the point of the weapon to unlock the
handcuffs. They would probably have suc
ceeded but for the timely interference of
the miner.
With their disengaged hands they
seized the officer and pinioned his arms in
such a way that, although he had hold of
his revolver he could not draw it. The
miner clubbed one of them on the head
and he fell to the ground. Mr. Johnson
struck the other fellow with the butt of
his revolver and both were laid out.
BATTLE OP STEEL
KINGS IS HEAR
Carnegie's Answer Is
Ready for Filing.
>
PITTSBURG, Feb. 17.— The acceptance
of service by /the attorneys for th« de
fendants in the Frick-Carnegle equity
suit clears the way for the actual be
ginning of the fight In the courts between
the two steel kings. The recognized ad
herents of each are doing all in their
power to # marshal their reserve forces for
the contest, and consultations on cam
paign plans are being held night and day.
The fifteen days allowed for filing an
answer to the suit date* back from yes
terday. It will probably be filed before
the expiration of the time limit, however,
as the counsel for Carnegie say all the
papers will be ready when he returns
to Pittsburg, which will be early In the
week, beginning February 26. Immedi
ately after Carnegie reaches Plttsburg h«
will go over the papers with his attor
neys, affix his signature wherever re
quired, and no time will be lost In filing
the defense.
The defense. It Is said, will be In th»
nature of a general denial of all the al
legations of Krick as to Carnegie's ma
levolent Intents, and a strong contention
that the "iron-clad" contract still exists
and la as forcible and binding as it was
under the old firm of Carnegie Bros.
& Co. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR McNAUL QUIETLY
MARRIED AT STOCKTON
. . ... ..:.-.., ... . . ¦• '. _ -_...
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
Men's calf shoes for Jl 25,. worth $2 60, at
the sale of shoes, 717 Market street. -•
A Handsome
Shoe : : :
Ladles! We are going to cive you a
fine Vici Kid Shot, welt or turned, that
cannot be duplicated anywhere for tr.e
money. A b*-»uty — strong, durable,
comfortable. Wears well and looks
welL What more could we give you ?
and delivered, mall or expriss prepaid, tor
$3.50.
Kast's
738-740 Market Street.
fiend for N«w Catalog— Spriaj UOO.
Free Postal Delivery.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17.— Postal In
spector M. H. Flint announced to-day
that a free delivery system will be es
tablished in Bakersfleld May 1 next.
Oil Owners Organize.
Special IMspatch. to Tho Call.
WILLOWS, Feb. 17.— Parties having
claims located in the oil regions in the
western portion of the county met to-day
in Willows and effected a temporary or
ganization with a view to forming a cor
poration later. -J. A. Apperson, J. D. Kan
ner, H. B. Elliott, Byron Ivory and H. W.
Walker were elected directors. It is pro
posed later on to form a corporation with
600,000 shares, valued at $500,000. Fifty
five per cent of the shares will be re
tained by the company and the rest
placed on sale. The territory thus far
taken up amounts to 820 acres. Wells will
be sunk in a few weeks and everything 1
started in working order.
:-. ¦ ¦
Library Benefit.
Special Dlrcatch to The Call
SAN MATEO, Feb. 17.— A musicale and
social dance was held In \Library Hall on
Friday night for the benefit of the San
Mateo Free Library. A special feature
was the excellent music rendered by a
local orchestra, composed of * ladies and
gentlemen who associated themselves
some time ago for that purpose, their
only Incentive : being devotion to music
and a progressive spirit as amateurs.
Their efforts in this instance resulted
most satisfactorily to their , hearers.
Drank Wood Alcohol.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 17.— Some of a band
of Cree Indians camped near town came
to the city to get a quantity of alcohol.
By mistake they ¦ were given wood alco
hol. Three of the band— two bucks and
a squaw— drank It. They all three died
In treat agony.
PROMINENT MINING MAN
DIES OF SMALLPOX
Demise of W. D. Johnson Creates Ex
citement in an Oregon
Town-
Er* 1 "!*! I>lFcatch to Thf Call.
GRANTS PASS. Or., Feb. 17.— W. D.
Johnson, who was mining near Baker
City, recently returned home. A physi
cian was called to attend him for an 111—
ress pronounced smallpox. The house
was promptly quarantined and a guard
placed in charge. As Mr. Johnson's chil
dren had been attending school, the
Echool Board decided to close the school
for a week. He died this morning and
leaves a widow and five children. Every
precaution has been taken to prevent the
ppread of the disease, and the dead man's
family has been removed to the outksirts
of th<» city. After considerable difficulty,
the Mayor succeeded in securing: three
Dipn to bury the dead man at midnight.
Mr. Johnson was part owner in the Red
Boy mino in Baker County. Oregon, and
was offered $75,000 for his interest a ehort
time ago.
The Debilitated Man
In the treatment of those nervous disorders of men,
young and old, which result from the abuse of some law
of nature, early indiscretions, later excesses, dissipations,
etc., there is much to be considered. The subject is
deeper than most physicians think it One thing is
certain.
Drugs Only Stimulate.
They do not tone or strengthen. It is just like
taking a glass of whiskey to temporarily relieve the men-
tal torture of some financial or family trouble. I soon
saw drugs were not giving my patients satisfaction, and
--^c^^m^ wen t to work experimenting, just as a business man does
if he wishes to change some condition of his affairs which is not proving profitable.
Belt, with attachment for men
You wear it all night for 60 to 9
time it is building up every orgz
Beware of any who may
pliances are never sold in drug !
upon each cell of the battery ; a
send for free book, "Three Class
DR. T. A. SANDEN, & otarrell street,
«AI» FBfI«CI3CO, CAL.
119* SOUTH SPRING STREET. LOS ANOELES. CAU RUSSEL BUILDING. PORTLAND, OR.
The first thing 1 discovered was that the weak-
ness was not local. For proper results a remedy had
to be found which would build up the whole organ-
ism. 1 knew then that I should
Treat Cause, Not Effect,
J and to meet this demand invented a portable chain battery,
which developed into my present famous Dr. Sanden Electric
. This appliance is a model home self-treatment for weak men.
K> days and take ordinary care of your general health. During this
an of the body. Over 8000 were cured during 1899.
offer you my Belts at half price, for 1 have no agents, and my ap-
stores. My latest improved Belts have the letter "S" perforated
tny not so marked are imitations. Call to-day arid examine them, or
ses of Men," which explains all. Office hours 9to 6 ; Sundays 10 to 1.
Orchards Free From Pests.
Special Dl?»atch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 17.— The County
Board of Horticulture was in session to
day. Reports received from all districts
are to the effect that Yolo County
orchards are practically free from pests
and insects.
Interclass Championship.
Sp«cUl Dlssatclx to The Call.
STANFORD trNTVERSTTT. Feb. 17.—
The finals of the series of Interclass
games will be played next Monday be
tween the teams of the senior and fresh
man classes. This game will decide which
class shall bear the honors of universlty
championshlp on the diamond, and bids
fair to be the most exciting contest of tha
season. Both teams are practldns daily
for the event, being spurred on by tna in
tense class feeling displayed.
Buried Under Snow.
DENVER. Feb. 17.— A special to the
News from Sllverton, Colo., says: At the
Gold King mine this afternoon George
Foster Louis Avl and Antonl Tarn were
caught in a snowslide. Antonl Tarn by
running saved his life. Foster and Avl
are now In the slide and the men from tne
Gold King mine and mill are using every
effort to recover the bodies, but with no
hope of saving them alive.
Conflagration at Denver.
DENVER. Colo., Feb. 17.— The four
story building at 1535 to 1539 Wazee street,
occupied by the'Mlllar-Osborn Splco Com
pany and the Kansas-Moline Plow Com
pany, was gutted by fire this morning.
The total damage is estimated at $150,000,
of which $50,000 is on the stock of the Mil
lar-Osborn Company, $75,000 on the stock
of the Kansas-Moline Company and $25,000
on the building owned by Charles Bpel
cher.
Holds Bryan Responsible.
PORTLAND, Feb. 17.— Ex-Governor Syl
vester Pennoyer to-day gave out the fol
lowing statement regarding the financial
bill which has been passed by Congress:
"I hold Colonel Bryan really responslbla
for the law. If he had not artfully cap
tured the nomination four years ago with
his carefully prepared speech either
Bland. Teller or Stevenson -would prob
ably have been nominated and elected.
Bryan defeated himself and hia party by
his volubility, and the party's defeat then
permits a gold standard law now. In ail
time only one man has be<n andowed with
sufficient power to defeat th« enemy with
a Jawbone." .
BRIEF TRIAL
IN STOCKTON
Burglar Convicted in a
Few Minutes.
.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'
STOCKTON, Feb. 17.— The shortest crim
inal trial on record in the history of the
local courts took place this morning in
Judge Bu<M's department of the Superior
Court. Reuben Robinson, alias Reuben
Petch. was found guilty of burglary in the
first degree.
Court was crlled at 10 o'clock this morn-
Ing. At 11:30 the jury had been secured,
the evidence had been put in, the jury
had been charged and the verdict had
beer, returned. The jury was out just
eevr-n minutes. Petch. as the defendant
was he-tier known, robbed a saloon at
Lodi lart year. He was caught at Ta
coma and returned to this city by Sherilf
Sibley some two months ago. A few
weeks ago. when the prisoner commenced
to realize that there was little hope of >>is
effecting an escape, he Informed the of
ficers that his mind was affected and
asked that physicians be called to exam
ine him. The prisoner refused to assist
his counsel in any way. and .the best that
could be done under the circumstances
was to see that his legal rights were pro
tected.
INTERESTS THE
PACIFIC COAST
Work of the Delegation
at Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.-The House
sub-committee on naval affairs having
charge of the appropriation bill has
agreed on an apropriatlon of $210,165 for
the support of the navy yard at Port Or
chard, Wash. This is only $15,000 less than
the estimate recommended by the Navy
Department.
The appropriation for the Mare Island
navy yard has not been considered
as yet, but the probability is that the
estimates of the Navy Department will be
cut in half by the committee. Represen
tative Metcalf will Insist upon -the appro
priation asked by the Navy Department.
President P.enjamln Ide Wheeler of the
University of California has wired Sena
tor Perkins that he will arrive in Wash
ington to-morrow. They will have a talk
over the proposed museum for San Fran
cisco and other points.
The special postal service between
Washington and Gaston, Nevada County,
will be discontinued after March 11.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
on March 27 an examination for carpenter
and farmer at Fort Bidwell Indian res
ervation. California- The salary' is $600
per annum. "" ¦!.
Representative Hull, chairman of the
House committee on military affairs in
troduced a bill to-day which, while it
names no particular officer, is evidently
designed for the benefit of General Shat
ter. The bill authorizes the President to
select from the retired list of the army
an officer not above the rank of brigadier
general,' who may have distinguished him
self during the wax with Spain in com
mand of a separate army, to appoint him
major general in the United States army
with pay and allowances of an officer of
that grade on the retired list. The bill
also provides for a chaplain for each regi
ment of the regular and volunteer army
with the rank of captain, and for doing
away with post chaplain.
Senator Perkins and Representatives
Waters and Neeham are urging the Ag
ricultural Department to have the hold
ers of forest lien scrip barred from locat
ing it on oil lands in California.
The Interior Department has issued reg
ulations allowing oil men sixty days to
make a showing, but the oil men insist
that this does not give them full protec
tion While the holders of scrip can only
locate on agricultural lands, it Is known
to the Land Office that some such lo
cators have made contracts with oil well
borers, giving the latter an interest in
E Se'natoi^Pe'rkins' bill providing for the
coining of subsidiary coin at the San
Francisco Mint has received the approval
of United States Treasurer Roberts. This
bill was introduced by Mr. Perkins in or
der to furnish small coin to the people
of California and the Pacific Coast. If the
bill becomes a law it will create employ
ment for at least 500 additional persons
in the San Francisco Mint.
Miles G. Thorf and Leopold Strasser,
letter-carriers at San Francisco, have
been promoted from $800 to $1000 per an-
Dewltt L. Reaburn of San Bernardino
has been appointed assistant topographer
in the coast survey service.
MR. McKINLEY'S
INSULAR POLICY
Views He Is Said to Have
Expressed.
>TEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The World to- j
morrow will publish a summary of a long
statement made by President McKlnley
to Henry Loomis Nelson as to the Ameri
can policy toward the newly acquired isl
ands. The article is vouched for as an
authoritative interpretation of the Presi
dent's views. According to Nelson, "It Is
Mr. McKinley's belief, and It will be his
purpose to carry the belief into opera
tion, that the constitution does not apply
to any ' of our new islands;' that those
peoples are not fit for self-government be
yond that proposed f«r Hawaii; that our
new possessions must not be permitted
to injure any of our protected interests,
and that free trade with Porto Rico Is
right, because our protected interests will
not be injured thereby."
The President believes — and this Is the
most important statement that can pos
sibly be made touching his present be
liefs—that Congress has plenary power
over Hawaii, Porto Rico and the Philip
pines. He holds that Congress may pass
one tariff law for Porto Rico, another for
Hawaii, another for the Philippines, and
that all may be different from that of the
United States. It does not appear likely
to his mind that any question can ever
arise as to the civil rights of the people
of these places.
"Mr. McKinley's attitude, then, toward
the natives ia benevolent, lie desires to
elevate them, to educate them, and he
hopes that, in the end, they will become
worthy of being intrusted with local self
government. He does not think any of
these natives worthy now, except the few
in Hawaii upon whom it is intended to
bestow the suffrage — a few more than
possessed the suffrage under the Dole
Government.
But the main purpose of the President
is to deal with the islands as markets for
American products, and as the subjects
of commercial exploitation generally.
The President is a thorough believer in
the moral and intellectual value of com
merce, and he proceeds on the theory
that when a nation is doing well as a
buyer and seller it is presumably well
governed and its people are morally
sound.
¦ He looks forward to benefiting the na
tives by expanding th» blessings of
Protestant Christianity and civilization
by means of commerce.
"It is important to digress a moment,"
says Mr.- Nelson, "for the purpose of say
ing that the President .is largely under the
influence of certain clergymen, one of
whom considers that he is the chosen
champion of Protestantism in its imag
inary war with Romanism, and this ac
counts in a large measure for his convic
tion that in spreading Christianity and
civilization among the heathen he is gain
ing and keeping the approval of good
Americans. Mr. McKinley Is a loyal
Methodist and is naturally stirred and
moved by the enthusiasm and spirit of
that denomination.
"It does not follow, on the President's
theory, that if free trade is established
between this country and Porto Rico there
should not be a protective tariff against
the products of the Philippines and Cuba,
for Cuba is talked about, naturally, in
administration circles and in Congress as
if its annexation to this country were a
matter of course.
"Onu thing is settled definitely in re
spect to the Philippines. .* The open door
is not to be applied to them. The Repub
lican party will not consent to give to the
Asiatic world an opportunity to land its
goods in the Philippines free of duty, to
enjoy whatever modified tariff there may
be established between the Philippines
and this country."
STOCKTON. Feb. 17.— Dr. William McNaul, a well-known practitioner of San
Miguel, and Miss Sara McCain, daughter of William McCain, a wealthy
resident of Southern Monterey County, were quietly married in this city
Thursday at the residence of the bride's sister, Mrs. F. A. Guernsey. The
doctor is favorably known in San Miguel and of late has been attend-
Ing a course of special lectures at the University of California. When he
resumes his practice at home it will also be to leave his bachelor apartments
for the more congenial sphere of domesticity. The bride is a young lady of mark
ed grace and intellectual accomplishments. She was raised in Monterey County,
where her father is a large land owner and stock raiser.
The couple will return to San Miguel after a trip to the southland. It is whis
pered that the announcement will come as a surprise to friends of both bride
and groom.
CONFERENCE ON
CURRENCY BILL
Many Differences to Be
Adjusted.
>
WASHINGTON. F,eb. 17.— The Republi
can members of the conference committee
having charge of the financial bill held a
protracted session to-day, beginning at 11
a, m. and lasting until shortly before 6
p. m. During part of this time Secretary
Gage was present, having been invited
to give his views upon certain features
of the measure. At the close of the day's
session It was said by members of the
conference thaf no conclusion had been
reached on the bill as a whole or on
any single proposition, the entire time
having been given to preliminary discus
sion on the general principles involved.
Secretary Gage was called In to give
Information concerning administrative
features of the bill, the Issue of notes and
other matters of a technical nature relat
ing to carrying out the provisions of the
bill when it should become a law.
The conference went over both the
House and Senate bills and it was found
that differences exist all along the line.
The House conferees insisted that their
measure best met the requirements of the
situation and the Senators were equaJly
firm in standing by their Mil. Strenuous
objection Is made by the House conferees
to the bimetallic section of the Senate
bill end they also oppose the refunding
section of the bill. The conference did
not reach a stage where any proposition
to adjust any of the differences was fa
vorably considered. It is not meant that
there is a deadlock, because the consid
eration has not reached that stage. The
conference will continue on Monday.
COLONIES ARE
UNPROFITABLE
?
Problem Now Confront
ing the Reichstagr.
•¦ ¦¦? — - —
DIMINISHING POPULATIONS
GERMAN GOSSIP ON SOUTH
AFRICAN WAR.
?
Newspaper Comment, Generally
Speaking, Is Losing th« Tone
3 of Bitterness Toward
the British.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Feb. 17.— Colonial matters en
grossed the attention of the Reichstag
this week, the debate unmistakably show
ing the unprofitable state of the colonies
hitherto, even In the case of the most
promising, like the Cameroons. It like
wise showed the growing appropriations,
with stationary or diminishing exports
and imports.
Official reports demonstrate that famine
and sickness in German East Africa has
devastated that colony. In the district of
Tanga, for example, within the year 1899,
the population has been diminished from
123,3wi 10 b1,325, owing to" famine, leprosy,
smallpox and typhoid fever. .
The condition of the whole' colony ap
pears appalling. The trade of this colony,
which Is thrice the size of Germany, is
magnificent and mostly with British In
dia, while the cos to Germany is five
fold the whole tra> •.. The reports from
the other colonies aie not much better.
The Cologne Yolks Zeitung says the
railroad projects for the colonies now
adopted amount to 200,000,000 marks, while,
on the other hand, German trade with the
British colonies amounts to 600,000,000
murks, without entailing a cent of ex
pense.
i It cannot be denied that the sentiment is
erowinf? and obtaining in a large part of
the nation that other methods tnan those
employed are needed to make the German
colonies a success. It was significant
tnat during the several days' debate in
the Reichstag the Government remained
on the defensive. Thus the colonial de
bate nas in no way strengthened the
chances of the naval bill. Dr. Barth, the
Freisinnlge leader, however, believes the
bill will pass, though the situation is mud
dled about the uncertainty as to the Cen
ter's position. Dr. I^ieber. the Center
leader, is dangerously ill and there is no
body in authority in the party with whom
the Government and the other parties can
negotiate. Some are pulling one way and
the others are pulling another way.
'i'he South African war news and occur
rences in the British Parliament are
greedily read and commented upon. A
number of the leading German papers to
day still affect to believe the relief of
Kimberley is only a ruse by which the
Boers have led the British into a trap, as
at Spion Kop.
Generally speaking, though, the German
newspaper comment now lacks the bitter
ness of tone toward the British which
was noticeable until recently. A num
ber of papers, especially the Agrarian and
Pan-German, insist that the war must
continue until Great Britain's military
collapse Is laid bare before the world, thus
preventing Great Britain for a century
to come from interfering in South Africa
and leave the white population of Low
German stock lords there. At the Foreign
Office these day dreams are ridiculed.
The Foreign Office, however, does not
doubt the relief of Kimberley, and con
siders it a great moral success for Great
Britain.
Terrific snowstorms have prevented the
Emperor from having much sport in llu
bertusstock, though this morning he went
out on foot with a small retinue, deer
stalking toward "Waldau.
The court marshals here say that
though the official court mourning is now
over, no balls or court festivals will be
held for the balance of the season, and
the carnival ball arranged for February
27 will be omitted out of respect for the
demise of the •Empress' mother.
The reception of the United States Em
bassador, Andrew D. White, and Mrs.
White on Washington's birthday will oc
cur if Mr. "White recovers in time, and a
"hop" at the Kaiserhof will follow. Mr.
White to-day had sufficiently recovered
to sit up. '¦--:.-¦¦'•¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sloane^s
Removal Sale.
An extraordinary offering of high-class' designs in
LACE CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
An exquisite assortment of Arabian, Renais-
sance, Marie Antoinette, Brussels Battenberg
and Point" de Paris, ranging in price from 64,00
per pair upward
Nottingham Curtains reduced from one-
third to one-half off regular prices.
FURNITURE DEPARTMENT.
During this sale we offer an unlimited assort-
ment of reliable pieces of Furniture including
Ladies' Dressing Tables, Chiffoniers Sideboards
Music Cabinets; Tabourettes and hundreds of
dainty odd pieces, notable for style and quality,
at most reasonab f e prices.
SPECIAL SOFA PILLOW SALE.
ABSOLUTELY FOR TUESDAY ONLY.
We offer 2000 full-sized (24x24) Sofa Pillows,
regular *i grade, for 50c; regular $I.^o grade for
75c ; regular $2 grade for $1.00. Down filled,
interlined, covered in rich Velours and Satin Da-
mask, regular ft, $6 and $7-5° g rades at one - half
regular prices.
W. & J, SLOANE & CO.,
641 - 643 - 645 647 MARKET STREET.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
1 FOR ABOUT ONE-HALF THE REAL VALUE. J
« Goofl Hose are always a desirable Investment, particularly when they can be pur- g
« cba*efi rax below their actual worth. TO-MORROW will afford you Just euch an op- Q
O portunltjr. *
O Tb» Hoee on saje ar« the highest standard, made with the latest Improvement that g
Q roes to inak* • Etockln* perfect In flt, finish. length, elasticity, and. above all. durability, W
Q They were advantareoueljr purchas«d; hence we quote these extraordinarily low prices: W
I 18C - Pol - I3C » Po! - 1
S SOS flown L*file« Herts* Sort fire, fact 390 dozen Children's extra heavy IXI S
g »*. fine Cotton Ho~; v^ elutic and fe ' £L3gti^^Z£££& 8
q *mooth finieh; doable soles, heels «nd toee;| Knf . cF _ double feet, heels and toes; sizes 5 to o
I*ll size*. Rerulax- vmlue, S&c a pair. 'is 4. Regular value, 25c a pair. <£?
NEW SPRING SILKS, i
Mo<9*rat« cort. superior (juallties and un<»<iiial«»d assortments are the characteristics W
of our Mock; this Is why OUR SILK BUSINESS if forgrins ah«-a-l so rapidly. Again for X
this week we oCer such bargain Rems as not to be found elrewhcre.
FOULARD SILKS AT 42c A YARD. |
A shipment of 40 pieces was received v*»'er3ay from New Yoik which we will place Q
on sale to-morrow. The assortment represents th^ rery latest and choicest designs, and ,V
every yard Is worth 76c. As the quotations for \h»e» desirable Silks are co exceedingly O
low, you cannot afford to rr.lss pM'ing them; co better come early. &
OfTf* YARIX-SMnch black P*au de QC r YARD— 2I-inch black Taffeta, the §
«- / <-'^' Sole; an extra heavy trade; hlghiOOV/ celebrated "Bonef' make; rich 0
f-.nleh and good wear. Regular value, tL2s. 'and lustrous; for Waists and Costumes there rf
e\.r- v»t>r»_<w I—*, vi. »w c.t t\.,»». < ia no Silk more desirable than this make. <5
B f)?iC TARD-a-lnch black Batln Duch-| Good vaJu at $L 26 M
M C/t/V eese, pure Silk; has a rich lunter; -?„!% L. .' 't>L.- V -•«--., 8
« aa exceptional quality. Regular value. ILK. fiKr» TARD-27-inch black Taffeta; a O
« OUv new lot Ju«t opened; a splendid VS
g npCCC pfinn^ Jwuamy^autlfullynmshed and dyed. Worth g
| Hare aflvarced in price, and are rtill «d- BEAUTIFUL NEW WASH GOODS
g #ancln#. Lcrre order* Dlar?i by us lonc ULrtUMIUU IIL " ••"Oil UUUUO fy
S Sf2~t?£ W ' 1 IOW tO Ofl>r yOU " UCh unusUal ! Every « W k brings Its quota of new weave* 8
g Da.^ains us me. c. an ,, a*atgn». fresh from European and do- ,O
JO; f>n^ YARIl— <4-inch blark Che-vlnt rn.'Ftle looms. Q
O v»\/V* Serjre; a!i Wool; PiKir.p-ed andi/U YARD— 500 pieces American Zephyr W
O s!,r.:!ik; po"<i value at S.'-c yard. |HJW f;ir.gli&ms; a superb Quality; in Uj
O r>|.oo YAKI>— "2-inch black Kngllsh beautiful oolors of pink, blue and lavender, f&
Q O« Camel's Hair Cheviot; m t-xtra Jn Pretty stripes, chwkc and plaids; partlc- ¦ M
S heavy, rul.^antial fabric; or & rich blark u'.arly well adapted f<ir Children's Dresses. Q
5 luyter; nwmed, spnngfd and fhrunk; th- H)l r TARD-36-inch Ensllfh Percales; S
g; present value its fI.«J. Un sale at fl.«. jl^sv the best quality. In the choicest V
O C| O-t'O A STJT-Black EasUsh Creponi;, rtylea and very exclusive designs. X
O O«^ newpft cencertions end charm- trZ n YARD-Pimlties. in the daintiest *
« Ing designs, in the latwt efr«ots: nothing, COW and :)rettie:=t colorings and designs; -V
$% tlk«> them ever shown before at the price; wamntej Cast colors V
§ *ctuali, w. rth Sis. lo=J^ VAUD-^-Inch white Ons*ndv : a »
ft < K r^- 00 FI IT ~ N<>w gray Hnmofpun»-n«-jOOw grand quality. W> sold so much 5
« «JJO ceived neain a \rry large Khi|-nf it through our laFt week"s advertisement W
<~ ment the j<a.«t ww!;. It is the most popular that it induces us to offer it again this week. &
j£ and rac'.-t fashionable dress material f'>r [tegular value, SOc. rt
6 Slve'u l'n n four «?f the le°adfnK Eha'des'oVeray'i 2OC J ART^7 Irll P or^ Organdies: a 0
>£ kmMv worth S" if> a suit flne - f!leer quality; in pretty shad- IS
g I,ea.l> worth 1..-C a suit. lnrß of b]u) , i aven ' der J cimary g
5 GRAND SILK WAISTS f.5>C T *Rr>-Japane S e w «h Silks: the &
6 •» Af «#- f-ami !°*-*^ / bert assortment In this city; In ft
S* fll \h Qn FAHH ;; ° eat corded f fleets in pink, blue and lav- *
<> «l CJ.OJ LHUIi. :..;. r . g
S Hare yon wen them? Unquestionably the C 1 - 5O EACH— Ladies' Flannel Waists. #
« grrratert value In this city; made of the bet-t *** * nicely braided, that were gelling «
S quality TsfTota Hilk; very h«avy and hi*-^ 1 * 2 - r '°- wl " ** closed out at JLSO each.
8 tr.;us; corded front and back, with the latest' «J» 1. 15 EACH— Ladies' Dressing Sacques- rt
V dress sleeves, in pu?h pretty colors as whitr.jOi made of the best quality All-Wooi iK
O pink, licht blue, old rose, gray, lavender. ; Eiderdown Flannel: in plain colors and <\
O rurple. red. navy and black; all sizes, and fancy strines; to close at $1.15. Regular ?S
O worih Js.&O. [value, Jl.iO and 11.75. " V
« COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. $
.#
Cured the Blacksmith of
Weak Back.
Arcata, Humboldt Co.. Cal.. Feb. 16, 1900.
Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: Yours of Feb-
ruary 2d received. The Belt I had from
ycu had the desired effect In thai I am
happy to Inform you that the ba.ckach»
has left me for parts unknown. Now.
doctor, there Is no mistake, your Belt
cannot help giving natisfactlon If used
according to instructions. I am willing
to give the Information to any one.
Yours, etc., JOHN ROBINSON.
16
Announcement of the
Eyent Comes a Sur
prise to Friends.wife. He escaped, and a posse captured
him last night.
When Burts was strung up the rope
broke. The rope was tied and Burts
again was swung up. the croVd emptying
their revolvers Into his body.
Burts confessed to having attempted to
cut Mrs. Weeks' throat, and said he told
her he would kill her. A reward of $100
was paid to the man who captured him.
Overcome by Smoke.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— A five-story
brownstone house at 420 Fifth avenue
burned earfy to-day, and two persons
barely escaped death. A dozen occupants
were asleep in the house, ft. K. McClel-
the brief telegram: "Don't agree with
your ideas. No meeting 1 will be, called
by me."
The word from New York was that as
the treaty provided that the Nicaragua
canal when built should not be fortified
there was great danger to this coast
through the possibility of war vessels of
a European nation coming through the
canal to attack this port. , Mayor Capps
takes just the opposite view of the situa
tion. "If the canal Is fortified," he says,
"tnfe Government will spend all the
money It has to spend for fortifications
right at the canal on Nlcaraguan soil and
¦will have nothing more to spare for for
tlncatlons for San Diego. Takinjj ad-
WILL NOT FIGHT THE
HAY-PAUNCEFOTE TREATY
Mayor Capps of San Diego Plaoea
Himself on Record Before
Eastern People.
Special Diesatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17.— Mayor Capps of
this city received from New York one
of the very numerous telegrams sent out
to try and work up sentiment against
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty and sent back
NEGRO STRUNG UP AND
RIDDLED WITH BULLETS
South Carolina Mob Avenges an At
tack Upon a White
Woman.
AIKEN. S. C. Feb. I".— Will Burts. a
negro, was lynched near Baakett Mills,
eight miles north of AJken, to-day by a
mob of 250 men.
Last Monday night Burts attempted to
assault Mrs. C. " L. Weeks, a n/anter's
vantage of our defenseless condition ves
sels of foreign countries will avoid the
canal in case of war and attack us when
we can make no reply.
"If, on the other hand, the canai is not
fortified the Government will be com
pelled to fortify this port and make It
one of the moat Important supply depots
In the country. This* will be tho nearest
American city to the west end of the
canal and the Government's naval sta
tion will be located here for the vessels
which must be held close to the canal for
Its protection. This port will have to be
completely \fortlfled and the Govern
ment's cash 'will be expended on Amer
ican soil Instead of in a foreign coun
try."
His Arm Blown Off.
FANTA ROSA. Feb. 17.— John H. Dale.
or.c of the be?t-known livestock dealers
In this State and Nevada, met with a ter
rible accident to-day. He was taking
down a doubje-barrcled shotj?n:i from a
fhelf when the hammer struck some ob
rtruction. Both barrels were discharged
».nd Dale's left arm wav blown into frag
tm-r.ts. The injury is a- very serious one.
but prompt medical aid prevented his
bleeding to death.
Regained His Health.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 17.— President D.
D. Robinson of the £t. Louis and San
Francisco Railway, who came here three
(honilis apo very much out of health and
almost given up to die. has now fully
recovered and will leave for St. Louis on
Monday next.
Good Iron frame Japan Coal One Burner Three-quart 2-quart Coffee Two-quart Mrs. Pott's Sad
Wringers, rubber roll- Hod, including Ga s Stove, Tin Suds or p^^hed copper Gradnated Irons, nickel plated,
ers $I,SO aehovel.^dO with tubing... Laundry Dip- bottom, enamel- T" 1 Meas- 3 irons, stand and
{Main Floor— l\tar. 400 per fOo ed handle. 350 ure....f00 handle, for $1,25
The Big Store's House Furnishing Values.
An index of the savings that housekeepers can make in San Francisco's largest House Furnishing
Department.
COULD NOT PLAY BEFORE
A MIXED AUDIENCE
San Diego Normal School GirlsTorcea
to Give Up Basket-Ball Cham
pionship.
Specla! DltD*tch to The CaH.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 17.— Because the pre
ceptress of the San Diero Normal School
placed a. veto on the basket-ball girls
playiny before a mix<"d audience the team
wae compelled to forfeit the championship
to the girls of the High School this after
noon, because the latter appeared on the
court and the former did not. Both the
High School and the Normal have strong
twms, and there has been considerable
rivalry between them. A month ago an
a*rr«erm-nt was entered Into between the
two teams that they should play three
Fames for the championship.
Last Saturday the first gime ttsb
plavcd. resulting in a victory for the
HiKh School tram by a score of 10 to ft.
Tnl Hi*h School clrls rejoiced bu .they
oould not but apree that playing before
a. mixed audience was anything but the
nicest thing in Jne world, ihe game was
played on the open tennis court at the
Sornfal School pounds. There was no
lnclostire. and therefore no waj ofex
jjoMmg a rude observer when he showed
himself to be- rude. »«.r_-
Thf precept; «_rs decidfd that there
should be no repetition of the rudeness
and declined to permit the Norma. kit!*
to particij-ate In thf Mcond game. The
High School term claims the champion
ship by forfeit, but they will not be a!
low'-d "to keep it without defending it.
for the Ncriiialites will challenge the
champions to another contest, or a *«nes
r.f three contest?, to be played lr. some
hall whence objectionable people may De
excluded a.nd rude people ejected.
Tlx (fewest Szrin* Styles
Hosiery and Underwear.
Ladies' Fast Black Lace Lisle Hose, latest effects, spliced
heels and soles— pair 250
Ladies' Imported Lisle Thread Hose, fancy spring nove ties,
vertical stripes — extracted figures, boot patterns and lace
effect, in black and all the newest shades— per pair....soC
Children's Imported lxl Ribbed Real Maco Cotton Hose,
Hermsdorf black and assorted tan 6 and cardinal— per pair...
250
Ladies' Fancy Ribbed Real Lisle Thread Vests, low neck and
no sleeves, plain but substantially finished around neck,
drawn with eilk tape— each 25g
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Silk Vests, low neck and no
sleeve*, cream, pink, sky blue, lavender or black — each
$1.00
Second Section Main Floor.
Rosseff's Suits and Cloaks,
37 0 on ihe Dollar*
Last week of the sale of Rosseff & Co.'s Fine Cloaks and
Tailor Dresses, at about yjc on the dollar.
Rosseffs Jackets,
37 0 on tho Dollar.
Lot I—Large1 — Large assortment of light
and heavy weight Jackets, trav-
elers' samples, most'y silk lined,
Rosseff's prices $5 to $15.00 - our
w^ sale p rice $2.50
f «-»a **Tsst=^ n j^^. 2_An assorted lot of heavy and
light weight Jackets, all silk lined,
for which Rosseff asked $10.00 to .>2s.oo— our sale price
$4.95
Lot 3 Assorted lot of this season's finest silk-lined Jackets,
•ill colors and sizes, RossefTs prices $20.00 to £30.00— our
sale price $12. r W
RossoWs Tailor Dresses, 37c on the
Dollar.
Lot I— An assorted lot of ladies' all-wool Tailor Dresses, black>
navy and colored, this season's goods, many silk lined, Ros-
seff's prices were $18.00 to $25.00— 0ur sale price. $10,00
Lot 2— Consists of the newest and most stylish of thi? aea-
sonV Tailor Dresses, a great many silk lined, all colors,
RosselTs prices $25.00 to $35.00 — our sale price... $15a03
Lot 3 — Assorted lot of this season's finest Tailor Dresses,
many of them silk lined and all colors and styles. RossefFs
prices were $30.00 to $40.00- our sale price $2O*UO
Gapes, Skirts, 37c on the Dollar.
Lot I— This season's assorted all-wool Phid Skirts, finely made,
good lining and binding, RossefTi price was $s.oo— our
price $2.25
Lot 2 — Assorted lot of this season's fine all-wool Plaid and
Plain Skirts, all finely made, Rosseff's prices were $5.00 to
$B.so— ours sale price $2.95
Second floor— Front.
Rossoff's Gapes 37c on the Dollar.
Lot 3— Assorted lot-of fine Golf, Plush and Cloth Capes, nearly
all this season's, RosoefFs prices were $8.50 to $25.00— 0ur
sale price... $5.00
Rosseff's Waists, 37 0 on tho Dollar.
Lot 1 - This season's all-wool and finest neawilk black sateen
Waists, plain and braided, lined and all of best make, Ros-
seff's prices were $2.25 to $2 75— our sale price $1.15
Lot 2 — A greit assortment of this season's best wool Tailor-
made Waists, plain and braided, many styles, Rosseff &. Co.'s
pr!ce3were $2.75 to $.4.oo— our sale price ,slm4B
Lot 3- An assorted lot of silk Waists, colors and black, many
of them samples, for which Rosseff asked $8.50 to $12.00—
our sale price .• $4m£B
Lot 4— All the finN?3t cashmere and wool Waists, finest and
most elaborate braidings, also all the finest all-wool Tailor
Waists, Rosseffs prices were $3.50 to $4.50 — our sale
price... $1.88
Undorskirts, Wrappers, 37 0 on tho
Dollar >* ¦-* ;.<c
Lot I—A1 — A lot of colored nearsiik Underskirts, two small
ruffles, Rosseff's prices were $1.25 to $2.oo— our sale price...
420
Lot 2 — Assorted lot cf all kinds of fancy Underskirte, near-
silk and solid colored sateens, all styles and kinds of raffles.
Rosseff's. prices were $2.50 to $4.50— 0ur sale price.sf«|>o
Lot 3— Assorted lot of new this season's fancy flannelette
Wrappers, lined waists, many trimmed, Rosseff's prices were
$1.75 to .-r2.2o— our sale price 980
Lot 4 -Assorted lot of all-wool Wrapper?, or Tea Gown', dark
colors, solid colored and fancy stripes, trimmed, Rosseff's
prices were $7.50 to $10.00 — our eale price $3-95
About our Guaranteed
Incandescent
Gas IVlantles.
''The Emporium" Incandescent Gas Mantle— made ex-
pressly for us is the very best that can be manufac-
tured — and we guarantee if it breaks within 30 days
to give a new mantle in its place free of charge.
Our price for these guaranteed mantles 250
The "Golden Rule"* Mantle is our second quality— the
best ever offered for the price ,150
Croek.ry Department — main floor.
Catalogue for Spring and
Summer 1900.
Ihc Emporium Economist— A handsome, pro-
fusely illustrated book of more than 100 pages, picturing, de-
scribing and giving the prices of everything to eat. drink, wear
or to use in your homes, is almost ready. Free to out-of-town
folks. Send name and address to Mail Order Department.
Beautiful U^ew Effects in
Curtains and Upholstery.
Nottingham Lace Curtains, long and wide, in a dozen new de-
signs, per pair $2*QO
Nottingham Curtains, fine Brussels effects, pair *2*53
Nottingham Curtains, heavy Battenberg effects, y&\r-$4m59
Irish Point Lace Curtains, "choice designs, renaissance border,
with plain center, pair $5.00
Point de Calais Lace Curtains, fine border, heavy Bobinet, per
pair $4.73
Tapestry Portieres, heavy corded quality, 6 colors, worth
$6.00," for .*.... $5,00
Tapestry Portieres, mercerized, an excellent imitation of silk
tapestry, per pair •. 99. OO
New Chenille Portieres in four colors, red, green, blue and
terra cotta, a heavier quality and better value than we have
ever shown before at the price, per pair $3 OO
First Floor — U{ear Elevators.
First Peip at tbi U^ew
Belts, Side Combs, Etc,
A large assortment of the popular silk
~x Zaza or Pulley Belt?, black and colors.
\§\ exclusive designs, each $f»25
'ir\ Ladies' Dog-Oo!!an Beits, nickel
~^T trimmings, black and brown
Tf/^v SOc to 5t. 59
lte§§N. B °l* Buckios, steel, oxidized and
\\\ m^wl gilt, a very large assortment of the lat-
W/Jml est Bt y les - 25c to ss.oo
'i^&fr&i Ladies' Empire She!! fiombs, imita-
'T V 1 tion Bhel1 ' 2So tf^ ifit'ft O ; real shell
fHi $1.75 toSS.OO
Ladies' Shell and Amber SSds Gornbs,
in all shapes, per pair.. 2Qd JO SJc
Ladies' Shell and Amber SiiSo Com OS,
with Rhinestone headings SOo to $2 25
Ladies' Satin Belt Hose Suppar f OP3 9 with frilled silk
elastic sides, tabs on side 3 and button fastener, black and
colors, per pair SDo to $I*QO
Ladies' " Hook On " Hoso Supporters, latest novelty,
pair....; 800
Dross Bindings- ¦ Corduroy.*, Mohair Braids. Brush Edge
and Waterproof in black and colors, per yard. .sc to 150
Art Silks — In Roman flos;, filo, wash twist, rope and Per-
sian floss, every color and shade of color, per dozen, 45 3 ;
per skein 4c
Two Splendid Values in
Ladies' and Boys' Shoes.
Ladies' Black Vici Kid Lace or But-
ton Shoes, cloth or kid tops, new fg^ s "] Es?^
opera - toes with patent leather E^TJI /t&oaf
tips, a graceful shoe made to fit Bl S^IHI
the feet ami not to hurt them, all J|; /fjfflPh m^M
Fizes, per pair $1.38 m'M^^^W^
Boy?" Kangaroo Calf and Vici Kid
Lace Shoe=, new modtrn toes and stfcsU^" 1 j^^P^jJ
tips, medium heavy sewed soles,
spring heel?, style, durability and /^v3Pl
comfort, all sizes— 9 to 13J— at jM Jj&\
the very low price per pair J2i/&£^ I*^1 *^
First Fl Kr—Neer Entrance.
Received by Express Saturday,
More Novelty
*> <jj? Neckwear.
-pJg-». 0j The pretty new narrow ties with
yeSv*" Jf tasseled ends — broad ribbon ties
y3?fi £)t>t/ with fringes — the designs in woven
$>££&? ' y^>k. polka dots, fleurs de iia, bayaderes,
JraSp&M? I self colors with cord and lace ef-
fiagpfl EO fects, novelty satin stripes — prices
la&f iltM."^.* H*S* range according to the widths —
Hf mr \Fnl 25c ' 35c ' 5 ? c ' 65c ' 75c t0 $ 2 -°°*
m22J /VM \"* jff/fii.i Bows in plain and fancy colors
m (I jl m?w» - 250
** In Rotunda.
f.
Latest O^w York Styks.
Men's Colored
Shirts.
Ready now with a full and complete
line of staple and novel designs aad
colorings in men's stiff: bosom aad
golf style shirts — the celebrated
"Star" make — they are liberally cut,
fit perfectly; 2 pairs of cuffs with
each shirt -and have an individuality
all their own— if you boy a "Star"
yon get the best shirt in America for
the money— price $I*sO
First Floor— mar rotunda.
Si'tty*
Half a Do^en Latest B.oks and
"A Man's Woman." 1
"Hiftorical Tales Fr
"Psychology of R .>!ij
"With Sword and Cr
"Savrola," Winston i
"Africander.*," Hook
First Floor— T^ea;
While the large lot that we have on
hand lasts we offer Rudyard Kip-
ling's lafest book. "Stalky &
Go.f" a splendid story for boy 3
as well as grown people, publishers
price 51.50, at les3 than half... 63 G
ft White Houso Cook Book
'•a — the hew edition, published at
f t $I.2s— special this week at. ..67g
These Books just received:
Price. Price.
Frsnk Norris $1.50 $1*23
•om Shakespeare," Q U. 50 $3.2Q
gion,' Starbuck $1.50 $1.35
•ucifix," Van Zile. $1.50 $1.23
Spencer Churchill $1.25 $I.QO
ter $1.25 $1.00
tAn Extraordinary Clothing Sale.
Boys' Suits,
$1.90.
A fortunate purchase of about 150 all
wool 2-piece suits in sitas for boya 8 to
15 years of age— on sale to-mor~
row ami during tho
WOOk—new spring patterns in seyen
stylish mixtures of b!ue, gray and brown
cheviots — good looking, well fitting suits
that will not readily show dust— the
knee pants are double sewn and have
patent waistbands— these suits would be
very cheap at $2.45 and $2.95— 0ur ex-
traordinary special price g£ 4 CS
each
Mam Floor — Nter Entrance.
Closed all day Thursday, February 22d, Washington's Ttirthday.
Some Charming Designs in
Early Spring Millinery.
Model shapes for the coming sea3on styles are here already.
Hats of Maline, Mousseline de Soie and Chiffon, black with a touch
of color, and all black. We have the newest correct turbans.
New York has gone wild over the turban called " Mi?s Hobbs."
We have it in all the proper spring shades of grays, pinks and
blaes or black, ready to wear or with additional trimming as
you may prefer. Welcome to look at any time
Second Floor.
In tho Exhibition Hall
Frco Entertainments*
Loe 9 tho Juggles* — Robert Lee, the great Austra-
lian Clown Jnggler, hand and head balancer, late of Walter I*.
Main's Circus, daily from 10 to 12 A. M. and from 2 to 5 P. M.
"Tho Burning Arrow"— The remarkable Indian
painting, with its correct portraits of famous Sioux Indians, on
free view for another week.
Headquarters for
late ZNome and Klondike Supplies. Reliable aualilies of everything to eat, drink or wear at money-saving prices.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOCIUX.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TRUSTS A THEME
OF HOUSE DEBATE
Sulzer Locks Horns With
Grosvenor.
ADVERTS TO OHIO POLITICS
>
CLAIMS HANNA DEPENDED THE
OIL COMBINE.
la Rsturn, He Is Accused of Resort
ing to Buncombe to Further His
Vice Presidential As
pirations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. T}.— Late this
afternoon the House passed the legisla
tive, executive and judiciary bill, after
having had it under consideration lor
four days. A spirited colioo.uy betwten
Sulzer (D.) of New York and Grosvenor
(R.) cf Ohio was the feature of to-day's
session. Fresh from the anti-trust confer
ence in Chicago. Sulzer directed the atten
tion of the House to the "monster monop
olies." which he said were fostered by the
Republican administration. He adverted,
in passing, to Ohio politics.
These utterances drew the fire of Gen
eral Grosvenor. who referred to the "polit
ical «axb»ge" which Sulzer had brought
back to Washington after his "hippodrom
ing tour" through the West as a "Vice
Pre*ld«ntial candidate."
Th« civil service appropriation, wliich
•was stricken out of the appropriation bill
In committee of the whole, was restoiAtl
in the House by a vote of 77 to 123.
In order to present his views upon trusts
ard the financial bill, which Is now in con
ference. Miers of Indiana offered an
amendment. He antagonized the provision
of tho financial bill which authorized na
tional banks to issue currency, and de
nounced the fastening of the gold stand
ard upon the people as a glaring iniquity.
He declared that the retirement of green
backs and the placing of the national
banks above the Government wa« the
completion of the most woeful blunder of
the age. Miers declared that after the
passage of the McKinley tariff law thirty
four new trusts were organized, and since
the McKinley administration had assumed
power and the Dlngley law had gone into
effect 200 of »uch "monsters" had raised
their head* In the country, with a capital
aggregating JT.000.000.000.
Sulzer, after directing attention to the
recent anti-trust conference held In Chi
cago, declared that th« trusts were not
only doing irreparable damage, but doing
it through the backing of a Republican
administration.
"The administration Is responsible for
the trusts." said Sulzer. "It stands sponsor
fcr them and refuses to do anything to
suppress them. The greatest of all the^e
trusts is the money trust, and the conf^r
<>nce at Chicago unanimously condemned
the gigantic iniquity."
Sulzer then had read the resolutions
passt-d t>v the anti-trust conference. He.
continued:
"I desire to say to the prentlenjin
(Grosvenori that the chainr-an of trat
conference was a former Attorney General
of Ohio (Mr. Mor.n^tt). who was turned
corn by the Republican boss, liark Eian
na. because hr- had the courage of his
convictions and instituted action against
the Standard OH Company. If the Attor
ney General of the United States wore
honest enough to do his duty every trust
in the country would be broken, and if
Mr. Monnett had been backed by hi? party
the Standard Oil monopoly would now be
out of business."
In conclusion. Sulzer dared the Repub
licans to pass the financial bill. It would
be a eipnal to the American people to
ris=e up and put into the White House
"that peerless statesman and man of ir
reproachable character, William J.
Brvan."
Gro?=v«>nor replied in a humorous vwn,
advening: to Sulzer's aspirations to the
Vice Presidency, and saying that after
Su!zcr had been "hippodroming about the
country" he had come back to Washing
ton loaded down with a lot of "political
garbage."
In answer to a question of Sulzer.he
said that Monnett had not been renoml
nated for Attorney General of Ohio be
cauFe he had already served two terms
and bad stepped aside in response to an
unwritten law of Ohio Republicans. He
referred to Monnett as a "very bright
young man." and declared that Senator
Hanna had had not the slightest thlr.g
to do with what Eulzer had termed Mon
nett'f "turning down." The Ohioan paid
tribute to Attorney General Grigpe, de
claring that a better lawyer and a clearer
headed administrator cf justice had never
been known in the department of Justice.
He closed by Faying that the Democrats
had ample opportunity between 18?2 and
I««5 to enforce the anti-trust laws, but
had failed to do s>o.
-The American people know that, he
ea'.d "and they know also that between
1&32 and WMi business broke down, people
starved and everything in general went
to the devil."
In reply. Sulzer said: "The American
people will not accept the brutal dictation
cf the gentleman from Ohio (Grosvenor)
and his master. Mark Hanna."
Cannon poured oil on the troubled wat.
«rs In an amuping Ep»tcn, in which he
appealed to the belligerents to permit a
little public business to be transacted.
"Just to fool the people." he added,
amid laughter. *,«--.,_
The amendment was lost— 77 to 128. The
bill was then passed without division.
At 3:55 p. m. the Howe adjourned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
UOZSn. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- -AM ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE n *" rr ' cs
An Opportune Spring Sale
Big Cut in Wall Paper,
Heavy Gilt Wall Paper — In a large assortment of patterns and
. coloring3 — single rolls that are regularly 4Do reduced for
this week only to 12 1~20
A very pretty line of Gilt Paper— regularly 15c a roll — re-
duced for this week only to 100
Hundreds of patterns of Wall Paper —formerly 10c per roll —
now reduced to 7 1"2o
Wall Paper Remnanti— lots of 6 to 14 rolls— that were regu-
larly 7c, Be, 10c and 12Js— now marked to close, per r011.50
Paint 3 and Oils— prices have been advancing for months — but
we can still sell you our well-known brand — per gallon
.--•. - -$1.25
In Floor Paints we offer the celebrated Lucas brand— which
produces a # heavy gloss surface and dries quickly— price per
~. 450
Window Shades — made to order — any color ©r siza on shortest
notice. Let us quote prices.
Second Floor, near Elevator.
Prices That Reduce Household Expenses.
Groceries and Liquors.
Cove Oysters— ls. 3 tins for 25c
Babbitt's Soap — 7 bars for 25c
Baking Powdor — Emporium beet, 1-lb tins 37 G
Washing Soefa-25 Ibs for 230
Potatoes—^Best Burbank, by the sack, per lb I%v
Holland Herring- Milchner, per keg $1 60
itago Or Tapioca — First quality of course, 5 lbs..2i>C
Scans— White or pea, 7 lbs for 2Sc
Golden Daioz—U> lOc
Figs - California white, 1-lb packages, 3 for 25c
PlnQappla— Fancy sliced, 2-lb tins, 3 for 5130
Lennox Soap— B bar§ .....25c
LartJ 3-lb tins 3J<3
OiiVGß— High grade California ripe Olives, quart 25a
Seadless Raisins— l lb too
£}aeon— Best Eastern, lb fSo
Flour- Emporium family, sack 800
Whiskoy— Monarch Bourbon, choice old stock, gallon..
$3.00
Irish WfrJs&ey-Burke's 3 Star, bottle $1.09
Eourhon Yfhtskey— Excellent quality, full quart bot-
tles 75c
Hoiiznd Gin— A. V. H. large black bottles $1-813
Vf*ita W; nG -Very choice. gallon siC
Marfsxux Clnrot- 7 years old, rich dinner wine, gal-
lon $I.dO
Cuinaas^' Stout or AlO— Bulldog brand, dozen
$2. OO
Wilson's Pure Ryo—B years old, bottled at distil-
lery, bast of whiskies, bottle $1.25
Z/nfandot Olarot-5 years old, gallon SOo
Ginger* Aie- Dozen OOc
fllsit Extreot- Liebig's, dozen. $2.25
Main Floor -Rear.
Dainty High- Class
Spring Undermuslrns.
The latest style Muslin
A£ • Garments for ladies' wear,
AtT?\SS§jJ trimmed with the newest of
/y /fv^^n laces and embroidery, are
Ajj JJ ysPlm'L here- White skirts are de-
rfY*m **4?*~ u<\ lights this season with their
jLA ujhr*" */"JT VyVV wealth of fine tuckings and
/4eSC" p'i • •' lit /ivliX handsome trisanines.
/7^^^Xj>V^4»^^> Plaia Cambric Skirt, with
feSr-^Sr^t^^it^^^A awn nm hrella raffla with
v^^"-*-"*" : *Bfi^ Eew (^ reS9 Bkirt » donblB
clnster of wida tucka
-....$1.25
Skirt of cambric, with cluster of fine tacks above deep flounce
of fine embroidery, one style has rows of hemstitching
above tacks $2.d0
Extra fine Skirt, deep flounce with three clusters of fine tucks,
deep embroidery flounce, an elegant garment, spiendidlv
made S3* so
Ladies' Muslin Gown, with high, square-cut neck, with embroid-
ery edge and insertion $1*25
Ladies' Drawers with tucks edge of embroidery witn hem-
stitching at head of embroidery 750
Several styles of ladies' Drawers, with lace, embroidery or
t rows of hemstitching SOo
Second Floor.
gi:,ij:mi Some Very Pretty
j| ' Fancy Half
MWk Hose, 12 1-2 c
t*° t jiH'j The new and very stylish popular dot»,
L» B « *y»*\ ' light and navy blue, with dots of assorted
w*\Vr«*l sizes, very special value, per pair.
JviV M 12 i-2o
% v^ Emporium '|pP"T3g--ss,
100 Coiiar'itlljmlm,
All linen 4-ply collars, in the new and Ip^ A -pfi f«*>-!^j
staple styles, equal in wear to any 20o g; /ll :^J " I
collar made— made especially for the V_^*^
Emporium under onr own brand,
each Wo
CSiany U^ew Lines in the
Linen Department.
Judge the qualities of the goods that we carry throughout
the store by our Linens, if you will. We have mado extraordi-
nary effort to maintain our high standard of former year 3.
Every piece in the fifteen cases of Table Damask, Towels,
Toweling and Napkins opened by U3 last week was made to our
order with our own ticket on it. Large buying at the right
time gives values like these.
Bleached Table Damask, strictly all linen, 70 inches wide, a
fair quality, per yard 500
A nice Bleached Table Damask, 60 inches wide, per yard..4so
A splendid Bleached Table Damask, 72 inches wide, par yard...
: 65c
Dinner Sot, fine double damask, cloth 3 yards long with
a dozen 24-inch matching napkins, thsset for $6*5-3
Glass Toweling, assorted checks, 20 inches wida, per yard. tOo
Damask Napkin?, Bleached Irish Linen, 23 inches square, per
dozen $1*75
Bleached Huck Towels, good quality, hemmed ends, well made,
free absorbers, per dozen $I*7G
Bleached Sheeting, 81 inches wide, for double beda, per yard...
200
First Floor— East Side. <
zMondav and 'During Week
1 2 1 -2c Cigars for lOc.
A Tery special offering of Cigars and Tobacco in our enlarged
and newly stocked Cigar Department in rotunda thi3 week.
All of our Key Y/est and Do-
mestic 12 1-2 c Cigars We, per
hundred $9, Including the
following: ««-*.
Victory Humboldts r^3l| W oT^>^^>
Principe da La Roaa E3- lr> iS2s2?s( }
Belmonta La Rosa Cas- J>=s£feg?os >eDSe*)
Sanchez & tellane p»-1» j^V .-~?V'
Haya General Arthnr S
Sclinda Navarro V/vZ "^yit\s**
AH of our 5c Oi-
gars this week 7 /Wt^f^
for 25c, including 'tW pV
the following:
Portuondo Renown King V
Nathan Hale Sandow Grand Republic
Here are some of our regular
prices on Tobacco :
Durham, Soal of North Carolina or Po-
dro — 1-lb packages ~...500
Soaf of Mort j Oarotlna or Durham— s-lb
packages.. 300
Arlington, Plum, Seal, Podr o— 2-ounce pack-
ages. 2 for 150
Durham or Soal of North Carolina, 1-ounce
size, 6 packages for 250
Cigarettes— Brights, Cameo, Vanity or
Sweet Canorai,6 packs for 250
s\Vrc sta*d — Rotunda. '¦'"¦''
Unprecedented Special Sale of
Gold Banded Glassware.
We bought 1350 pieces of gold banded Glassware, worth regularly
from 25c to 40c apiece, consisting of Sugar Bowls, Cream Pitchers,
Butter Dishes, Spoon Holders, Oblong Preserve or Je.ly Di3hes, Fancy
Fruit Dishes and Berry or Nut Bowls and Syrup Jugs, which go on
sale to-morrow and until entire lot is sold at the astonish- tflSfm
jngly low price each m%JF%M
£3?° Remember your Choice for 15c.
*t*2&
THE EMPOBITOL
Very low beginning-of-the-season prices on
mg Bress Fahrios-Sslk, Wool, Cotton
c big store begins to look it? best — the bright-colored fabrics for spring and sum-
mer wear, which are arriving now in such abundance, impart an air of bright-
ness that it is not possible to produce with the soberer hue;l fabrics of winter.
Describe them ? No — only in the briefest possible manner. This is merely an
announcement of some of the most recent arrivals. Assortments are already
very large.
Foulards.
Some of the most beautiful Foulards ever
produced — si k and satin finish, 24
inches wide, in a great variety of new
and exclusive French designs— all,. of
course, in this spring's colorings-
grays, rose, castor, violet, brown, blues,
and all the pastel shadings— per yard
Grenadines,
The new spring Grenadines are selling
"like hot cakes." These beautiful fab ;
« rics are 45 inches wide, and the assort-
ment includes chenille stripes, plain
satin stripes, fancy stripes, novelty
plaids and plain effects— prices per
yard.st.25 t $!-SQ, $1.75. $2
Poplins.
This beautiful soft woven silk -already
in great demand. There came to us last
week a complete line of new colorings in
two grades—
20-inch Poplins— yard
22-inch Pop.ins-yard $ImsO
Dozens of cases of new Wash Fabrics
unpacked during the last few days. In
our early purchasing from the foreign
manufacturers we have amply provided
for complete varieties of every wash ma-
terial that will be popular in 1930.
Counters and display tables are laden
with the newest and choicest.
Silk Mixed Zephyrs, 39 in. wide 450
Shirred Creponettes — merceriied, plaids
or stripes 300
Foulardines — finished equally as well aa
the silk foulards — per yard
150 to 500
Crepe Javanaise— a new weave, fall line
of solid colors — yard 250
Mousseline de Soie — dainty evening
shades and sheer and silky— yard. SOo
White French Organdies — 63 inches wide,
sheer, close and even threaded 400
Scotch Madras— 3l inches wide, large as-
sortment of weaves and colorings. 20 O
American Madras— a very fine fabric 32
inches wide; an unusual value at.. 12\o
Percales— at least 500 different styles of
our well-known fine cloth— all at the
uniform pri:e per yard 12\o
Fancy Waist Silks.
A charming collection of Fancy Waist
Silks ready and more arriving daily.
Both foreign and domestic weaves in
the greatly-in-demand Pl:s?e and lace
effects in stripes — none but new color-
ings, for the silks themselves are thi.s
season's production— prices per yard
from $ImlO1 m 1O to $2mOO
Woolen Fabrics.
56-inch new Scotch Mixtures in assort-
ment of desirable spring colorings — per
yard $1.23
46-inch Camel's Hair Suiting— the proper
fabric for street or calling costumes,
in pastel colorings — per yard...stwsO
46-inch Checked Cheviot — a stylish ma-
terial for tailor suit 3 or separate
skirts, in aU the popular shades of
gray, tan and brown - per yard.sl.sD
E6-inch Checked and Invisible Plaid Chev-
iots — a nice weight for spring ont-
ing suits, several shades of gray and
tan— per yard $1.75
56-inch Lady Cloth Peru -a new and very
stylish dres3 material that wiil give
perfect we 3r — light spring colorings
for skirts or complete costumes — per
yard $1.75
Eelf respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Wnieky. . •
land, a wealthy bachelor, was picked up
on the first floor, overcome by smoke and
with his feet burned and cut by broken
plass. He will probably recover. G. L.
Dyson was found by the firemen on the
fourth floor, overcome by smoke. The
loss is $40,000. The cause of the fire is un
known.
County Insurance Company.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 17.— At the regular
meeting of the Fanners' Club to-day a
resolution was adopted for the organiza
tion of a county insurance company under
the State laws as soon as JICO.UOo of d»
sired insurance is subscribed.
17
1
13Tl:e next display of energy in the new era ought to
be shown in a vigorous prosecution of persons guilty
of perjury. That kind of crime has now become
more startling by its frequency than its novelty, and
Jt would not hurt the State a bit to board and lodge
some of the offenders for a long term at Folsom.
Drilling school children in the sun until some of
them faint from the effects of it is another evidence
that in our public school education there is a good
deal of what is known as overdoing the thing.
arranged, win be as follows:
Trio for piano, violin and 'cello (Gade). H.
C Wilson, R. 51. Tobln and Miss Bessie Ames;
harp bolo, Mrs. J. B. Casserly; sonps, Edgar
Mills; songs, Mrs. Hail McAllister; prelude for
organ, harp, violin and 'cello (Mendelssohn),
Mr. Wilson. Mrs. Casßerly. Mr. Tobln and Ml»«
Ames: duet. Mrs. McAllister and Mr. Mills:
violin solo, Mr. Tobln; sons, with piano, harp,
violin and 'cello (FUgier). Mr. Mills, Mrs. Cas
ser!y, Mr. Tobln and Miss Ames.
Two numbers, not yet determined upon,
will be added to the programme, and it
is expected that sailors and midshipmen
will act as ushers and distribute pro
grammes.
»-•-. ,
Galllet's Ire Cream and Caices. SOS Larkln St.*
Cal. glace- fruit EOc per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
To Recover His Wife's Property.
Alfred Maury has filed an action In
claim and delivery against Publifl Admin-
about, never at peace unless she Is In per
petual motion, never at ease unless she
is in a state ofmorbid excitement. She
never feels at home except when she Is
abroad.
When Fhe is at home the home Is Irk
some to her. She chafes and frets under
the restraint and responsibility of do
mestic life. Her heart Is abroad. It Is
exulting In imagination, in aome social tri
umph or reveling In some scenes of gay
ety and dissipation. Her afflicted hus
band comes home to find it empty or oc
cupied by a woman whose heart is void of
affection for him. She Is 111 at ease;
thence arise disputes, quarrels, recrim
inations, estrangements, and the last act
in the drama Is often divorce. I speak
the sober truth when I affirm that for the
wrecks of families In our country woman
has a larger share of the responsibility.
The remedy for this is found in the teach
ings of Christ.
Where will woman find the charter of
her rights and dignity? In the GospeL
The Catholic church, following the teach
ings of the Gospel and of the Kplstles of
St. Paul, proclaims woman to be the peer
of man. "Ye are all," says St. Paul, "the
children of God by faith which is in
Christ Jesus. There is neither Jew nor
Greek, neither slave nor freeman, there
Is neither male nor female." The nwaninr
of the apostle is this: That In the dis
tribution of his gifts God makes no dis
tinction between race or condition of life
or sex. As man and 'woman are made of
the same clay and have the same origin,
destined for the same inheritance, no they
are eaual In dignity, and they should
share alike the blessings and prerogatives
of domestic life.
Mothers and wives, what an Immense
debt of gratitude you owe to the Chris
tian religion of to-day! You are regarded
as the equals and helpmates of your hus
bands, and not as their slaves, like Asiat
ic women. If you are the mistresses of
your household and not the tenants at
A COMMITTEE of the State Legislature is now on its way to Los Angeles to pay to
Stephen Mi White a tribute that is without precedent or parallel in this State and prob
ably in the United States. After the Legislature had elected Thomas R. Bard a Senator of
the United States and while it still sat in joint convention it adopted a series of resolutions thank
ing Stephen M. White, in the name of a grateful people, for the distinguished services which he
had rendered to California and to the nation as a Senator of the United States. These resolu
tions, so highly eulogistic of the man whom Senator Bard succeeded, were adopted without a
dissenting vote and the people of California and of the nation were made aware of the unique
spectacle of the leading men of one political party praising and honoring a distinguished mem
ber of another party. The Republicans of California had risen superior to party prejudices and
as citizens sought to honor one whose services in public life had merited the good will and com
mendation of the people he had represented and of the State he had dignified. The spectacle is
without parallel and tells its own story of the worth of him in whose behalf it was prepared.
A SECRETARY OF MINES.
UJ HEN the Bureau of Agriculture was advanced
/ to a Cabinet department it was evident that the
other great American interest, mining, was
destined to receive like attention. This result seems
now in sight. The House Committee on Mines and
Mining has reported a bill to organise the Depart
ir.em of Mining, with a Secretary who shall be a
ir.ernber of the Cabinet. The Geological Survey will
be transferred from the Interior to the new depart
ment, and it will have charge of everything relating
to minerals, metals and mining. It will include
milhia its jurisdiction oil, gas, coal, stone, gold, sel
ver, copper, iron and all economic and precious metals
2nd minerals that are procured, mined or quarried
from the ground. The administration of mining laws
•will be with the new Secretary, and the department
vill be the source of the latest and best information
i:pon mining subjects. It will promote the progress
of mining methods, mechanical and chemical, and will
naturally become a means of arbitration of all issues
that arise in mining, whether they occur in conten
tion over mining ground or between owners and
operatives. The field covered by the new department
will embrace the whole country, from Alaska to the
darble and granite quarries of Maine.
The position of Secretary will be dignified and re
sponsible. We speak in the interest of the great in
dustry to be served when we say that the Secretary
of Mines, when the department is created, should b:
chosen from the mining States of the Pacific Coast,
lie should be a man with a practical knowledge of
jr.ining and of mining and land ls.w, and should have
enough grasp of chemistry and engineering to pro
tect himself in dealing with those adjuncts of mining.
£ uch a man can be found in California or others of
the Pacific Stales, and should be chosen to inaugur
ate the new department and map out its wide juris
... ¦ ¦ ¦ *
diction.
In the United States is the greatest variety of useful
fend precious minerals and metals known in the world.
Their combined value amounts to trillions of dollars.
It is incalculable, inestimable. In the mining of our
precious metals there has been much waste. Through
teck of metallurgical knowledge a high percentage of
Ell the gold and silver heretofore mined has been cast
Eside as waste. As chemistry has progressively in
vaded the field of mining this profligacy has grown
less. We may expect such a scientific 'impulse from
a Mining Department that very soon miners will be
getting more gold and silver out of the waste dumps
of old mines than was originally taken out of the
mines and saved by their owners. The same is true
of many copper mines, where great waste is going
on through supposed impossibility to smelt or com
bine out of ores a close approximation" of their as
say value. In California is an opportunity to locate
the world's metallurgical center. That center is now
in Swansea, in Wales, and immense quantities of re
bellious but very rich ores are shipped from here
there, yielding profitable returns after paying 8000
m : les transportation and the cost of reduction.
There is no sorcery at Swansea. The processes there
practiced are the result of science and experience.
Let the same opportunity be given here and the
metallurgical knowledge will be found to take ad
vantage of it. The Mining Department should be at
tentive to this, among the many scientific and prac
tical matters that will be committed to it, and its
brad should be found in this Pacific mining region,
¦where already science is in constant use and there is
an accumulation of experience not found elsewhere.
A BAD SOCIAL CUSTOM.
CHICAGO has been mourning the visit to that
city of a clever rascal, who managed to get in
troductions to the best clubs, made love to
several girls, became engaged to two, borrowed
money right and left, picked pockets at swell recep
tions, robbed a number of houses, and finally de
parted in peace to pastures new.
The incident is not unfamiliar to American social
history. There is not a city of importance in the
United States and hardly a town where any consider
able number of wealthy people live that has not
within a comparatively few years been made the
victim of some such confidence operator. In San
Francisco we have had many, more than our share,
perhaps, and some of them have been of such recent
occurrence that the talk of them is still heard occa
sionally in clubs and boudoirs. It is clear there is
something wrong with the social customs of a coun
try where such scamps can ply their trade so success
fully and so frequently, and it is time those who are
responsible for our customs should begin to reform
them.
A statement recently made by an Englishman visit
ing this country throws some light upon the means
by which the rascals get admission to society. The
Englishman was not discussing that subject at all,
but his words are pertinent to it. He is quoted by
the New Orleans Times-Democrat as saying: "It
took me some time to grasp the American point of
view in regard to letters of introduction. When we
give a man a letter of introduction at home we con
sider that we are vouching for him socially, finan
cially, and every other way; so, needless to say, it is
never done except among relatives or the closest
friends. Here you don't seem to take the thing so
By way of illustrating American carelessness in
such matters the Englishman gave his own expe
rience. In Washington ¦he was introduced casually
to a real estate dealer, and. having mentioned that he
was going to Nashville, the Washington man said:
"I'll give you a line to an old chum of mine there.
By the way, I did not catch your name exactly.
What is it?" The Englishman then went on to give
the sequel: "The idea of a stranger giving me a let
ter of introduction to an intimate friend when he
didn't even know my name struck me as very strange
r.nd amusing. However, I. took it with thanks, and
later found the Nashville man a very charming fel
low. When I left he insisted on giving me a note to
a friend in Memphis, who proved equally charming,
and who in turn supplied me with an introduction to
a prominent clubman here in New Orleans. The last
letter I haven't presented, and don't intend to, be
cause it contains a glaring, although inadvertent, mis
statement in referring to me as an old and cherished
friend of the gqod-natured gentlemen of Nashville
and Washington. The process, as you see, has built
me up an entirely fictitious character, and 'pon my
word I can't understand why such friendliness isn't
continually and outrageously abused by impostors."
As a matter of fact the custom is abused by im
postors, and it i? probable that many of the successful
society swindlers that operate in our cities obtain ad
missions to clubs through just this process of a chain
of letters of introduction given without thought.
American society has now become so rich that it at
tracts rascals of every kind, and, despite our liking
for the old-time freedom and hospitality of American
manners, we shall have in sheer self-defense to guard
ourselves with something of European reserve and
caution in the matter of introductions.
Clark of Montana will probably be barred from the
Senate, but he has the consolation of knowing he had
a' sensational run for. his money.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinant.
The C2!ifcr=!a Limited. Santa Fe Routs.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and beat track of any lfna to
the East. Ticket ciflce, 83 ilarltst atre«t«
Cause and effect are receiving due recognition in
the late reports from South Africa. One veraciou;
correspondent writes that "the British are resting,"
and then he adds, with subtler humor than he knew,
"the Boers are inactive."
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wid«-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
•leepine cars via Santa Fe Roue. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany them excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto avery Wednesday. To St. Lou! «
•very Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket offlca. 62S Market street.
istrator Boland to recover possession of a
deposit receipt for $SOCO. a draft for 14000
and personal property valued at J260 be-
longing to the estate of plaintiff's de-
cw i s ?2 Mrs - Maur y die(l Intestato
and the Public Administrator took chargr*
of her effects, which her husband noW
claims by virtue of his helrship.
Impartial student of history
- is obliged to admit that woman Is
tv indebted to the religion of Christ
¦^ for the elevated station which she
enjoys in social and family life.
>^ In pagan countries, before the
Christian era, the woman had no
rights which . the husband waj
bound to respect. She was in a state of
perpetual bondage and tutelage. She was
treated rather as the slave of man than as
hla equal and companion. And even to
day in countries where Christianity dees
not exercise a dominant Influence rfhe is
"the hewer of wood and the drawer of
water." In a recent official report to our
Government on "Irrigation In India," by
Robert M. Wilson, we find that the work
of draining and canal building in that
country is chiefly relegated to women,
who receive for their labor 4 cents a day.
But let us look at woman In our own
country and In the light of American civ
ilization. What is the condition of woman
among us as soon as she closes her eyes
to the light of the gospel? She is not, in
deed, here, as In India, a beast of bur
den, but Is she not too often the victim
of pernicious principles and of moral deg
radation?
I regard woman's rights women and
society leaders In the higher walks of life
as the worst enemies of the femal© sex.
They rob woman of all that Is amiable
and gentle, tender and attractive: they
rob her of her innate grace of character
and give her nothing in return but mascu
line boldness and brazen effrontery. They
are habitually preaching about woman's
rights and prerogatives and have not a
word to say about her duties and respon
sibilities. They withdraw her from those
sacred obligations which properly belong
to her sex and fill her with ambition to
usurp positions for which neither God
nor nature ever intended her. Under
the influence of such teachers we v find
woman, especially in higher circles, neg
lecting her household duties, gadding
FASHIONABLE
AMATEUR SHOW
An amateur concert for the benefit of
the San Francisco Seamen's Church and
Institute and the Seamen's Catholic In
stitute will be given In the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel on Monday evening,
February 26, at half-past 8.
The concert will be given under the
patronage of the following ladles: Mrs.
Parrott, 517 Sutter street: Mrs. Casserly.
2123 Buchanan street; Mrs. Head, 1105
Taylor street: Mrs. William H. Taylor.
2701 California street; Mrs. Tobln, 1031
California street; Mrs. Previn, 1315 Van
Ness avenue; Mrs. Henry, T. Scott. Clay
and Laguna streets; Mrs. "William H.
Crocker, 1150' California street: Mme.de
Lalande, 517 Sutter street: Mrs. Joseph
A. Donohoe. 1409 Sutter street: Mrs. Ho
bart, San Mateo; Mrs. Joseph D. Grant.
2200 Broadway. The tickets have been
placed at $2 50 apiece and may be had
from the patronesses or at the University
Club; • ¦ •
The programme, so for as it 'has been
His Indictment of Women Suffragists and Socletn Leaders as
" the Worst Enemies of Their Sex."
the wffl of ytmr husbands, 1I»b fn» wtve*
of pagan Greece and Rome; If you ara
the honored queeos of the domestic king
doms and not confronted by nsurpinsf
wives, like Mormons and Mahometan wo
men, you are Indebted for these btesstsgs
to the religion of Christ, and especially
to the sovereign pontiffs, who have up
held your rijcht against the encroach
ments of monarchs and the p&ssUms of
men.
If woman has been elevated and en*
nobled by the Gospel, she has not been un
gTateful. She deserve* eternal gratltud*
for the blessed influence she has exerted
In the family and In society. Not to speak
of the grand army of consecrated Tlrgir.s
who devote their lives to the sacred causa
of education, of charity and religion, how
many thousands of homes there are from
which God withholds his avenging hand
on account of some righteous mother, Jaat
¦3 Christ showed mercy to the young ma^i
led to the tomb on account of th© grief
and sobbings of his mother, tbe Widow of
Nairn! How many brothers burled In a,
life of sin have been raised to a life of
grace by the Intercession of a pious sister.
as Lazarus was raised from the gray« at
the entreaties of Mary and Martha.:
Mothers and daughters, you have a. sa
cred mission. Tou cannot be apostles in
the strict sense of the word; you cannot
preach the word of Ood, for women ara
commanded by the apostle to be silent In
the church; you cannot be priests, but
you are chosen to offer up la the sanctu
ary of your homes and on the altar of.
your hearts th© sacrifice of praise,
thanksgiving and supplication to God.
Christian women, let the husband and
son on returning home after buffeting
with the -waves of the world find there a
haven of rest. Let the angel with tha
naming gword protect and preside over
your homes, repelling from them all un
hallowed thoughts. For what Is a hoiria
from which chastity has fled but a desert
ed temple, from which the spirit of. GoU
has departed?
TEXT OF CARDINAL GIBBONS' FAMOUS SERMON
THE FAMINE IN INDIA.
A RECENT dispatch from the Viceroy to the
Secretary of State for India says: "Good rain
has fallen again throughout Northwestern
Provinces and Oudh and Punjab. Sowings re
commenced in Punjab, but more rain is needed there.
Situation is not improved anywhere else, and distress
is increasing in Bombay, Central. Provinces and Raj
putana. Number of persons in receipt of relief:
Bombay, 805,000; Punjab, 147,000; Central Provinces,
1,491,000; Berar, 260,000; Ajmer-Merwara, 109,000;
Rajputana States, 232,000; Central India States, 120,
000; Bombay Native States, 331,000; Baroda, 63,000;
Northwestern Provinces, 4000; Punjab Native States,
iooc. Total, 3.563,000." ; ;; ;
This dispatch, being official, cannot be regarded as
an exaggerated statement. The Viceroy of India is
not likely to send out alarming statements in this
crisis of his country and his party. It is more prob
able he has underrated than overrated the distress
that threatens that portion of the British empire.
We have, therefore, confirmation that at a time when
the British Government is straining every resource to
preserve the empire in South Africa, it is confronted
bj' a calamity in India which, from its nature and its
extent, may be truly called appalling.
Over 3,500,000 people are already in receipt of gov
ernmental relief, and still there is no sign of an end
to the famine. Meantime, too, the Russians are
pushing their aggressions across Asia toward that
very India where the pangs of famine are breeding
the bitterest discontents against the Government and
rendering, the distressed people desperate enough to
hail any kind of change of government.
In the course of their imperial career the British peo
ple have had many a hard condition to face. They had
once to confront their American colonies in revolt
and at the same time war with France, Spain and Hol
land. In the beginning of this century they had once
to go up against a coalition of nearly all Europe, with
Napoleon at its head. It is doubtful, however, if even
the worst and hardest of those bygone trials put a
severer strain upon the empire than that which it is
now undergoing. Moreover, in the old days of stress
and strain Great Britain had great men to guide her
counsels and command her fleets and her armies; but
now she is weak everywhere, while her foes grow
strong around her. It is not merely that the Cabinet
is composed of mediocre men, with the exception of
Salisbury, who is too old to give much service, but
there is no strong man in either party in Parliament
to assume control if a reorganization of the Ministry
should be undertaken. In the field it is not much
better. Buller has failed, and Roberts and Kitchener
have yet to show what they can do against a well
armed and resolute army of white men fighting for
their country. x
Under such circumstances the famine in India may
affect the politics of the world. It is a factor in their
problems the most reckless of British statesmen dare
not overlook. Relief must be furnished' to the
starving people, and that on a scale of unparalleled
magnitude. The whole famine districts must be care
fully and vigilantly garrisoned. Not a single, soldier
can be taken from India now to urge on the war
against the Boers, and to the vast expenditures caused
by the war on hand there must be added further sums
to prevent the outbreak of another.
CIVIL SERVICE AND PENSIONS.
SEVERAL times the appropriation for the
Civil Service Commission has been stricken out
by the House, in committee of the whole,
where there is no rollcall, and restored in the House,
where there is a rollcall and a record. It would be
far better for the welfare of the service if members
who oppose it on principle would have the courage
of their convictions and vote in the House as they
do in committee. Then there would be furnished a
test of public sentiment on the question, which would
finally fix the national policy, one way or the other.
There is unanimous agreement that our upright
and creditable administration of the new possessions
in the tropics must depend entirely upon a straight
and strict adherence to the civil service rules. Look
ing to the example of England's colonial administra
tion, the claim is made and proved by Englishmen
that without the merit system no success at all could
have been achieved in administering conquests as
crown colonies. Our own imperialists and members
of the several commissions which have considered
the problems of government in Porto Rico, Hawaii
and the Philippines agree that there must be an ex
tension to those governments of the strictest civil
service rules.
Many have argued, also, that the civil service law
enforced there will react favorably upon our domes
tic administration, and will strengthen the system at
home.
As to its results so far attained in our home Gov
ernment, we are persuaded that they amply justify the
reform. Many men in public life who have had ex
perience with both prefer the reform to the spoils
system, and feel that their public duties are easier to
themselves and more beneficial to the country when
they are relieved of the vexation and strife connected
with the dispensing of patronage.
From its inauguration the merit system has been
compelled to run the gauntlet of opposition, mis
icpresentation and attack. The powerful influence
of local politicians has" been against it, for reasons
that are not in accord with the welfare of the Gov
ernment. The system itself has suffered from a too
pedantic treatment by the commission which enforces
it. Still, with all these drawbacks, it stands justified
before the country.
It is to be regretted that it is again attacked. In
the latest assault the pension question was impinged
upon it, and the heated debate in committee of the
whole was made torrid by the combination of fuel.
No one questions the need of a revision of our mili
tary pension system. The only good thing to be sa,id of
the features that need reform and correction is that
they make it so costly that the country will think
twice before making war. We do not say that a re
adjustment would at present lessen the cost of pen
sions, but that it would place the money where it
will do more good than at present. The practically
helpless and deserving, who by reason of physical im
pairment must have help, would get nearer the meas
ure of their needs, while those who have the physical
capacity for self-support, and as a fact do support
themselves independently of their pensions, would
get less than they take now. The latter class are the
longest survivors: the former, by reason of their phy
sical weakness, have a shorter expectation of life.
Therefore by this readjustment the heavier payments
will cease the soonest, and the appropriation will an
nually decrease, to the relief of the taxpayers. If
Congress would stand by the civil service, or test
public opinion by abolishing it, and enter upon a
courageous and sympathetic revision and readjust
ment of the pension list, it would be doing something
positive. in each case, and the country could readily
make up its mind to an affirmative policy. Mere ex
change of epithet accomplishes nothing.
THE SOUTH AFRICAN CAMPAIGN
UP to this time the tactics of General Joubert
have been as novel and confusing to the Brit
ish military authorities as were Bonaparte's to
the Austrians. The Boers rely not only on expert
gunnery, but upon a knowledge of the country that
facilitates rapid movement and sudden concentration.
In a military sense it is probable that the movements
of French open the serious phase of the war. The
Boers have avoided an encounter that might have
greatly weakened them, and seem to be occupied with
another tactical plan in which they propose to select
their own ground for a general engagement. French's
movements are still on British territory, and nothing
can be positively known of their value until he gets
on Boer ground. England has received encourage
ment of which she stood in great need, and the
waning enthusiasm of her people will feel the im
pulse. There is no sign 'of abatement in the grim de
termination of the Boers, and no doubt the world is
about to witness one of the most terrible struggles of
tht> rmtnrv
The consequences are more serious than those in
volved in the campaigns of Marlborough or Welling
ton. England was then in a stage of her development
at which defeat as leader of the coalitions against
Louis XIV and Bonaparte would not have seriously
affected her. Now the case is different. She stands
more alone in the world and with wider borders to
defend and more to suffer by loss of military pres
tige.
Her empire is cast in the balance against the inde
pendence of the two small republics. They may lose
with but little present effect upon the rest of the
world. Only a principle will suffer, and the results of
its overthrow will work out but slowly among civil
institutions.
With England it is far different. The maintenance
of her material power has under her policy become
just such a necessity as it was with every preceding
Lord Rosebery, who is a leader of those who
opposed the war, who were averse to risking so much
for so small a gain, takes the thoughtful and sober
view of it, and has uttered the warning of danger to
come.
He evidently sees that England has accumulated
responsibilities more rapidly than she has gathered
resources to meet them. The least appearance of
trouble in India or Egypt will call for an increase in
her resources of defense, and he confesses that he
does not know where those resources may be found.
His discussion of her situation is a shadow upon the
exultation which goes with her first successful mili
tary exploit in South Africa.
Mr. Balfour's attempts to minimize the effect of
Rosebery's warning rather intensified its effect. He
held Rosebcry up in unfavorable contrast to another
opponent. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, who had
just opposed conscription as an undignified way of
"increasing the strength which Great Britain mort
gaged in her endeavor to be before her neighbors in
every part of the world." Notwithstanding his denial
of any intention to resort to conscription, Mr. Bal
fcur left matters in the dark by saying that he waited
for Sir Henry to suggest a method of meeting the,
heavy military responsibilities of the country.
THE SAX FK AjS t CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18. 1900.
SPLENDID TRIBUTE PAID
TO STEPHEN M. WHITE
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 18, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE. .Market and Tbtrd. 9. F.
Telephone Main ISO**.
EDITORIAL HOOMS 217 to 221 SteTtnion St.
Telephone Main 187-4.
Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Single Cople*. 5 Cent*.
Term* br Mnll. InHndinx !»o*tng:ei
OAILV CALL ilnolndlnjr Sunday), one rear. .S<M>n
DAILY CALL (inrludlnc Sandar). « Wontlio. . 3.00
DAILY CALL <fnclDdlnjr Snnday). 3 moathi. . 1.r.0
DAILY CALL — By Single Moath OSc
SI'MUAY CALL One Year « W
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-0°
All poattnaatera are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eanplr copies will be forwarded when reqneited
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Drondrrny
C. GEORGE KHOGYESS.
Asaifn ForeUa Advertlalnar. Marnuette Bnlld
ißf. Chlcasro.
SEW YORK CORIUSSPOXDEXTi
C. C CAULTOX Herald Square
CHICAGO SEWS gTAXDSt
thrrmnn Houei P. O. Sewn CO.l Great STortn
trn Hotel: Fremont Ilonsei Aodliortum Hotel.
SEW YORK XBWS STANDS 1
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel 1 A. Drentano, 31 Union
Eatjarr; Uorru) Hill Hotel.
XEXV YORK IIEPUE«EXTATIVEi
PCnUT LUKESS JR 29 Tribune Uull.Jlnc
— — — — (
WAJSHTXGTOS <D. C> OFFICE. . Wflllmrton Hotel
JF. F. EXGLISII. Correspondent.
feIIAXCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 9:20 o'clock. 300 Ilayen.
open until 9t3u o'clock. «3O McAllister, open
until Bt3O o'clock. QIC l.nrkln. open until
Ot3O o'clock. l!Mt Mtaalon. open until 1O
o'clock. 2241 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock, loot; Valencia, open until 0
o'clock. l<Mt Kleventh. open until 0 o'clock.
AW. comer Tvrenty-aecond and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orphecm— Vau3«rir<e.
TlroM— "Tbe HAt Eye."
Grand Opera-hou**— "AlaCfiln Jr."
California— "Who I» Who?"
Alhambra— Jeffriee-£hark<?y Cor.te«t Pictures.
Columbia — "Tbe Serenade" to-morrow niebt.
Alcazar — "Oh, fSus&nnab."
Chutes. Zoo ard Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aad
«renine.
Olvmpla, oorrer of Maeon and Eidr •treats— Specialties.
Union Coursinc Park — Coursisc to-day.
Istfesl&e Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Western Turf Association — Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
Br New Tcrk Auction Co.— Tuesday. February S>. at 11
c* <"¦-'... Government eupplies, at EIS %VaFhir.£ton street. .
By Wrr.. G. Layng— Tuesday evening:, February -j. at ?
o'clock. rac« horses, at 721 Howard ft.
18T>T>TTQTJT7Q for barbers, bak-
DHUoililOV": bTO "> l i ack.. bath-
houses, bllllart] tables,
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makeri, cannera,
dyers. Sour mills, foundries, laundries, papers
hangers, printer?, palsters, shoe factories, sta-
blenien, tsx-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCUANAX BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
srk is ¦"" 4T» Completely eradicated with-
L* II Ir out cut-in* or tyln«. N«
| 8 B I \J core, no pay. Tot Jnf orma-
" ¦"-¦— v - r Ucß address S. F. KBCTAi
¦Hosnsi iMaxxTuzs, un mm**.
R. F. IHnniran. dealer In fine liquors, ttt
East street, S. F. Branch In Eeswlok. •
DItULL'S BaN'YIGORAIOK^jfSS
I'lve bur.ired rtward for sny rasj VteM
etc* w« caoaot core. This secret Er^ *^9
remedy «tcps all losses In li fl -- . Jf
b' 'jji, curei Err.ißelone.. Iznpo- t*£AM t ' '''2
tency, V«iicocele. Gonorrb<>ea. i7 ( tS W!ut
Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost f&ttl i*4cq
Vuihood and all wasting effects v^J_jfe?v3
cl aelf -abuse or excesses. Sent —
sealed, U bcttle; 3 bottles. 15; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. K5 Broadway. Oakland. CaU Alto
for eal* at 107Jt$ Market st. S. F. All private
<:»«.»• quickly cured. Send tor free book.
Music at St. Dominic's.
The regular monthly musical service
will be given at St. DomtniC» Church
Sunday, February 17. at 7:30 p. m. Th«
choir, tunder the direction of Robert
Lloyd, will render the following pro
gramme:
"Gloria," twelfth mass (lloatart). choir: "Arm
Maria" (Rob*wls). Miss Erelyn Worrell; "Palm
Branchpa" (Faure). Robert IJoyd: pr«lud»
(Bach). Franklin Palmer; "Com* Unto nim"*
(GounodX choir: "Abide With Me" OJddla).
Mrt. John Madden; "Hallelujah Chorus" (Han
del), choir; "O Salutarls" (LloyJ) choir; "Tan.
turn Brgo" (Dubols), choir; ''Recession**"
(Clarke), Franklin Palmer.
Sons of the Revolution.
Next Thursday night the California So
ciety of the Sons of the American Revolu
tion will hold Its annual banquet In tha
rooms of the Merchants' Club. Among
those who have been selected to respond
to toasts are Rev. F. W. Clampett. tho
new rector of Trinity Church; Chlneaa
Consul General Ho Yew, Colonel* J. P.
Jackson and F. X. Schoonxnaker. and tha
toast chosen for the last named la "Tha
Destiny of the United States." The ban
quets of this society have always attract
ed attention because of the high literary
order and the character of the* member
ship, which has for Its purpose patriot
ism, nationalism and the elevation at
American citizenship.
Boy Seriously Injured.
"While several small boys were deliver
ing valentines In the neighborhood of
Cumberland and Dolores streets St. Val
entine's night they were attacked by the
"Seventeenth-street gang" of young men,
armed with poles, sticks and other weap
ons. One of the boye, Adolph Wagner,
1935 Howard street, was knocked uncon
scious and Is now suffering from concus
nlon of the brain. Yesterday J. E. Maure
han. 06 Cumberland street, secured war
rants In Judge Fritz's court for the arrest
of Martin Strowbridge. William Reid and
William Laurlston, three of the ringlead
ers of the gang, on charges of battery.
I am closing oat my stock of these
Belts at the very liberal reduction of
HALF PEICE. These are the genu-
ine, original, patented Sanden Belts,
xrith a 30 years' reputation as the
greatest remedy in the world for all
pains and weakness of man and
woman. Call and examine and test
these Belts, or write for the free
book, "Three Classes of Men," mailed
free.
DR. S. S. riALL,
LION DRUG CO.,
Cor. Market and Stockton Sts.. San Francisco
GENERAL WARFIELD RETURNS.
Has Been Visiting in the East
Gathering Ideas on Hotel
Construction.
General R. H. Warfleld, manager of the
California Hotel, returned to this city last
night, after an absence of three weeks
Inspecting the big hostelrles In the dif
ferent cities throughout the East. Gen
eral Warfleld's trip was undertaken for
the purpose of looking through the dif
ferent big hotels whose reputations are
world wide and ascertaining their good
points and defects, so that the former
may b« utilized and the latter avoided In
the construction of the new eleven-story
caravansary that is to be erected on the
corner of Sutter street and Van Is ess av
enue by the Fred Crocker estate. ¦ •;•
With ' General Warfleld were John J.
Mahony, the contractor, and \\ . B. Fa
ville, the architect of the new building to
be. These gentlemen took notes of every
thing they saw at the different hotels and
the result of their Investigations is ex
pected to be made apparent In the Crocker
Motel when It Is finished. They say it
will bo the most perfect house In the.
United States.
SPRING NOVELTIES.
JUST RECEIVED NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Foulard Dress Silks,
Handsome d»<ilens on black, navy blue,
old rose, military blue, pastel shades of
irreen, blue, pink, hello, etc. Kxcellent
qualities and large range of patterns.
Prices 65c, 75c and 85c
per yard.
Wash Shirt Waists,
Novelty styles of White and Colored
Waists, made properly and fit correctly.
Amont others the latest revere fronts.
Beautiful patterns at popular prices.
Prices range from $1.00
to $2.50.
ON EXHIBITION AT BOTH STORES
KOHLBERG. STRAUSS & FROKHAN
107-109 POST STREET.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
Velvet Ribbons,
The proper dress trimming- for fnnlanJs.
Complete assortment of all widths: black
and colors Just received. From the tiny
taby width, ud to four inches.
Allover Tuck ings,
Wash Fabrics. solM cluster tucklnga and
lace Insertions. All n»w styles.
Prices range from 65c
to $2.09.
New Allover Laces,
Novelty Laces. Edjlngs an:l Insertions;
black, white and ecru. Tiv» best assort-
ment we ha.v* ever shown.
Four Years for Counterf elting.
Charles P. Scott, convicted of passing
counterfeit dollars, was yesterday sen
tenced by United States District Judge de
Haven to pay a 1100 fine and serve four
years at hard labor in the San Quentin
penitentiary.
Annie B. Chalmers' Will.
The will of Annie B. Chalmers, who died
Jaruary 22, leaving an estate valued at
$20,000, was filed for probate yesterday.
Her principal devisees are: Agnes C. Tay
lor, Grace Noble, Mrs. James C. Chalmers
James C. Chalmers, John -C. Chalmers,
Mrs. E. V.: Johnson, Howard P. Taylor,
Alice Chalmers, Grace Chambers, Ethel
Chambers, Frank Chalmers, George
Chalmers, Ida Taylor, Gertrude Blethen,
Gwendolyn Blethen, May A, Sherwood
and May Mahoney. ;
Standard Optical Co., 217 Kearny street, lead-
Ing opticians. All work guaranteed; price*
reasonable. •
Mrs. Charles Newman Recovering.
The friends of Mrs. Charles Newman,
the wife of the well-known liquor dealer,
will be happy to hear that she Is now
on a fair road to the recovery of her
former good health. Mrs. Newman has
been suffering from a tumor in the stom
ach. A week ago last Friday, at St.
Luke's Hospital, Drs. C. M. Armlstead
and B. G. Boyd removed the tumor suc
cessfully after a most dangerous and dif
ficult surgical operation. Since that time
Mrs. Newman has been Bteadily improv
ing. . _
A Washington Reception.
For some time past the members of Ivy
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star
have been making preparations for an
elaborate and what it is expected will bo
a very interesting entertainment, which
will be given in Golden Gate Hall on the
night of the 24th inst. It will take the
form of a Washington reception, with the
ladies of the chapter In costumes of the
days of Martha Washington. During the
evenlnsr there will be presented an old
fashioned district school, a select number
of the members will dance the graceful
and stately minuet and there will be a
modern comedietta founded on Incidents
of the late war, and other features.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Breaks up"
COLDS
An Open Winter,
An open Winter is not without its ter-
rors for those who do not use Dr.
Humphreys' Specifics. In the East wind
lurks Grip and Colds ("broken up" by
"77"). In the dampness Rheumatism
("15" is the cure). Dyspepsia, Indi-
gestion and Weak Stomach are espe-
cially prevalent in Winter (cured by
"io"). Humphreys' Specifics furnish a
cure for each and every ailment. All
drugstores sell them, 25c a bottle.
We have a few copies of Dr. Hum-
phreys' Specific Manual — Edition de
L uxe^ — white and gold— to send fre« on
request. Address
numpbrey** Hoxaeopathto Medicine Co., cor*
aci wfll'i" sjil Jcka sts., Mtw Tartt.
Shoes. Shoes. Shoes.
At 717 Market street, where the sale of
shoes Is now going on, you can buy to
morrow ladles' fine kid shoes, button or
lace, for $1 a pair. These shoes are made
of the best vici kid; they are the latest
styles and worth no less than $3 a pair
only 500 pairs will be sold for that price*
sale will begin at 9 a. m., 717 Market st '
near Third. •
TOOHEY'S TEA PARTY.
Will Be Held in New York and the
Expert Will Be There.
United States Tea Examiner Cornelius
Toohey has be«n ordered by the Secretary
of the Treasury to proceed to New York
City and take part In the meeting of the
new Board of United States Tea Experts
on March 5. At that meeting the board
will fix the Government standard of teas
for the coming year, and Mr. Toohey will
have an opportunity of refuting the false
reports that have been circulated In the
New York press to tha effect that teas
below the Government standard have
been admitted at this port for the purpose
of giving San Francisco an undue advan
tage over other ports of entry for the tea
trade. This charge has not only been re
futed, but It was shown by the unanimous
report of the San Francisco board that of
300 samples of teas admitted at the port of
New York sixty were below the standard.
FURNITURE BUYERS 2
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IS ALL LINES OF
rCRXITCIIE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
MATTINGS, ETC..
From 10 to 20 p«r cent on account of enlarging
•tor*. Must make room for new goods. Try
icy credit system. The paly liberal credit
bouse on the Coast.
i.j-crr.au-B given on eomplat* houMfurnlshlnr.
3 'rices lowar than ever.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Et&fkton sts.
Open evenings.
Free 4etlT«rjr Oakland and •cburba,
MISS VAN BUREN
AS SANS GENE
On Friday afternoon Miss Mary Van
Buren played the name part In Sardoa's
"Madame Sans Gene." She did well. The
part is In all sorts of ways more trying
than anything she has yet attempted here
and her playing of It may be regarded as
a test of her fitness for a life work on
the stage. So regarded there is the same
evidence of promise In her acting that
appeared In most of her minor efforts,
but there is the same uncertain grasp,
the same unease — In fine, the same want
of finish.
Beneath the beauty that Is only skin
deep there Is an actress whose enthu
siasm Is bound to take her somewhere If
It be but guided aright. There Is a dan
ger, however, of certain mannerisms be
coming chronic with Miss Van Buren,
which, as they have not the forgivable
charm of Ada Rehan's affectations, may
seriously Impede her ascent to the upper
strata of stagedom. I refer particularly
to her metronomic accent, that way she
haa of throwing out every fifth word
with an abrupt Jerk of the head. It is not
only destructive of natural emphasis (a
rather more Important matter than most
actors and actresses seem to think), but
It is tiresome and labels every character
Mls3 Van Buren assumes with her full
name in large type.
As the Impetuous Sans Gene she acted
with charm and an absolute Infectious
art that won her the house; but I hasten
to add this was in the flrst act only. In
the prologue she did not have a sincere
touch, and although she was skillful in
the last two acts she fell short of a spell
ing spontaneity. ,
I do not know for how much of. th©
modern slang and colloquialisms with
which the lines are loaded Mr. Metzler
Is responsible, nor how much may b*
charged up to Mr. Frawley and Miss Van
Buren herself, but It Is In as bad taste as
it Is unnecessary, and I think it may be
safely stated that M. Sardou, charlatan
that he Is. did not put any of the present
argot of the boulevard In the mouth. o£
his playwoman.
Mr. Frawley did not play Svengall on
Wednesday, as he expected to do. and so
he Incorporated the character la that of
Napoleon Friday afternoon. The result
was a composite caricature.
PORTER OARXETTT.
Mall Orders filled.
818.820 MARKBT ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
ACTOR DUFFIELD SHY
IN PAYING ALIMONY
FILES PETITION" IN INSOLVENCY
TO. ESCAPE IT.
Now the Husband of Phrosa McAllis
ter and Would Evade Paying
a Judgment.
The obligation of paying alimony to his
flrst wife while being consoled by his
second has caused Actor Harry A. Duf
fleld of the Frawley company to file a
petition In Insolvency. Actor Duflleld'a
first wife lives at Bridgeport, Conn., and
they were divorced about twelve years
ago. She is known by the name of Mrs.
Pauline Tayleure, and Mr. Duffleld has
been paying alimony off and on ever since
the strong arm of the law thrust them
asunder. Since his marriage to Phrosa
McAllister of the Frawley company he
has been remiss In his remittances and he
has become shy to the amount of $923 89
His ex-wife took legal step to collect
the arrearages of alimony and appealed
to the courts with the result, that last
Friday she recovered judgment against
him in the Superior Court of San Fran*
Cisco for the sum named. Yesterday Mr
Duffleld filed a petition In Insolvency iii
the United States District Court He
gives his liabilities at $IS3I 55. including
the $923 89, nearly all of his debts havlnr
been contracted In the Eastern States He
has no assets other than his wardrobe
and that is exempt. '
i • ¦.*.*¦ " " •'-"¦ jt'***" « »» *«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. H. Hayne Jr., U. S. N., is at the Oc
cidental.
A. Becker, a wealthy mining man of
Denver, Is a guest at the Palace.
J. Grover has come down from his home
In Colusa and Is staying at the Grand.
C. B. Shaver, the Fresno lumberman. 1b
one of yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
B. H. Cox, the Madera banker. Is a guest
at the Palace, where he arrived yesterday.
Dr. W. S. Taylor came down from Llv
ermore last night and registered at the
Palace.
T. W. Patterson, a prominent attorney
of Fresno, Is registered for a short stay at
the Lick.
Mayor C. A. Stork of Los Angeles is
paying the city a visit. He Is staying at
the Grand.
H. C. Kennedy has come down from
Stockton on a living visit to this city and
is staying at the Lick.
H. J. Small, superintendent of motive
power for the Southern Pacific at Sacra
mento, Is a guest at the Palace.
R. H. Patterßon, one of the leading bnsi
ness men of Minneapolis, Minn., Is one of
the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. G. R. M. Graham have
come up from San Mateo and are regis
tered at the Occidental for a few days.
John C. Nourse, a fortunate speculator
in the oil lands of Coallnga, Is at the
Grand while In the city on a short busi
ness trip.
Young MEN'S institute.
The Several Councils in the .Order's
Jurisdiction Will Celebrate on
Washington's Birthday.
Several local councils of the Younff
Men's Institute will Join in celebrating
Young Men's Institute day, on tho 22d
inst., by exercises at the Metropolitan
Temple. There will be a programmo of
musical and literary numbers, and tlie
oration will be by Frank Shea.
The day will be observed in all parts of
the order's jurisdiction. Judge C. P. R» n
don will deliver the oration at the Stock
ton celebration; R. J. Dowdall will de'iver
an illustrated lecture at the celebration to
be held in Castrcville by Council 61 of that
plave and Council SS of Salinas, Rev.
Father J. W. Sullivan will lecture on tho
21st before the council in Santa Rosa, Rev.
Father J. J. Fcrd will ppeak on the 22d
before the council in San Jose, Key.
Father McNarnee will speak to the council
in Santa Cruz and Rev. Father MacCorry
will address the council In Oakland.
The third of the course of lectures ar
ranged by the lecture bureau for this city
will be delivered on the 26th inst. by Rev.
Henry H. Wymen, C. S. P., in Metropoli
tan Temple. It will be on Catholicism and
pci«nce and the topic will be "The Har
mony Between Natural and Revealed
Truth."
Portola Council has secured Native Sons'
Hall for the 25th of April, when it will
give a ball in celebration of the third an
niversary of its institution.
FRUIT - CANNERS' ASSOCIATION.
Reports of Year's Operations Deal
With Large Figures.
The California Fruit Canners' Associa
tion paid out In California J1.500,000 for
fruit and vegetables laat year and ex
pended for labor, outside of salaries, $775,
000. These figures were reported at tha
annual meeting of the association yester
day. Other figures of Interest were sup
plied by the annual report of the secre
tary, Isaac H. Morse. The assets amount
to J3.625.000 In round figures. The sum of
$1,905,000 Is In plantp and real estate, good
will and shares of the Southern California
Packing Company. The Inventory, at cost,
showed a value of $1,042,207 17. The capital
stock is $2,756,000. There are twenty-two
plants in operation, distributed as follows:
San Francisco 8, Santa Clara Valley 2,
Alameda County 3, Sacramento Valley 6
San Joaquln Valley 4, Southern California
4, Sonoma County 1. Other plants will be
added, among them a large plant at
Stockton. A monthly dividend of 60 cents
a share was declared upon the stock. The
following were elected directors for the
S?ar: Alexander B. Williamson, M. H
echt, Henry F. Allen, W. H. Chickering.
TVilliam Thomas, William L. Geratle,
Percy T. Morgan. W. C. B. di Fremery.
Sidney M. Smith, S. L. Goldstono and F
Tlllman Jr. These were elected officers:
President, William Thomas; vice presi
dents—Sidney M. Smith, S. L. Goldstein,
R. I. Bentley; secretary, I. H. Mora©:
treasurer, Sidney M. Smith.
do was to close the doors. That has been
done and the business house of J. J.
O'Brien Is no more.
O'BRIEN'S HAS
FINALLY CLOSED
UP ITS PORTALS
End of One of the
City's Old Stores.
STOPPED FOR LACK OF COIN
ANNTTAI, BUSINESS WAS ONCE
ONE TvrTT.T.TnTr
?
Strong Effort Was Loyally Made In
Order to Av«rt Failure, but It
Was Unavailing Under the
Existing' Conditions.
The business house founded by J. J.
O'Brien finally closed its doors at 6 o'clock
last night. The stock of goods has been
sold to Hale Brothers. Reluctantly the
old employes of the late J. J. O'Brien, who
had served faithfully, realized that the en
terprise with which they had been con
nected had come to an end. Not many
years ago the business of the house
amounted to over $1,000,000 per annum.
What finally happened was told In an in
terview with Thomas R. Bannerman l£>ot
evening, as follows:
"After a long and trying struggle the
old establishment Is at last compelled,
owing to lack of necessary capital, to wind
up its affairß and retire from the field In
which for over thirty years it has held so
prominent a place.
"Ten months ago I was invited to as
sume charge of the business, which at the
time was in a very precarious condition.
Several of the leading employes, \*ith
long experience in its workings and know
ing Its extraordinary hold upon the good
will of the public, at once associated tnem.
selves as stockholders with Mrs. J. J.
O'Brien, widow of the founder of the
house, and myself. Although we con
trolled only a small amount of capital, wo
felt that it would not be impossible lor
us to successfully overcome the difficulties
of the situation. To this end we worked
hard, and, 1 may add, our motives were
not altogether mercenary.
"Hard work, however, and the closest
attention to details will not make up now
a-days for the lack of gold coin in the
running of a concern of this magnitude.
Buying goods on credit and selling them
in competition with rival houses that pur
chase for cash and take all discounts is,
as we well know, an unprofitable under
taking. An eminent authority on commer
cial affairs has strongly condemned what
he terms the 'popular but atrocious maxim
that there is no friendship in business,'
and I fully agree with his view. In our
efforts toward rehabilitating the old es
tablishment of J. J. O'Brien & Co. we re
ceived many proofs of friendship and
rood-will, both on the part of its patrons
and Its creditors, for which we are duly
and sincerely grateful."
In Mr. Bannerman's words — "lack of
grold coin"— the story of llnal failure is
told. J. J. O'Brien started In business in
San Francisco on Third street in 1869.
Later he removed to the Arcade, on Mar
ket street. From the Arcade he went to
the Murphy building, where the business
has finally been wound up. Mr. O'Brien's
brother James was associated with him
for a part of the time. After J. J.
O'Brien's sudden death in Highland
Springe, to which place he had gone to
hunt, the business of the house was upset.
Then It was put by the creditors Into the
hands of Judge Robert J. Tobln. Adam
Grant, Jeremiah Mahony and Dr. C. F.
Buckley. They held the business one year,
during which they paid off over $200,000 of
Indebtedness. In 1593 the business was in
corporated, with James O'Brien, brother
of J. J. O'Brien, as president of the cor
poration. In April, 1899, James O'Brien
retired and Thomas R. Bannerman be
came a stockholder and also president and
manager of the business.
Mr. Bannerman took hold for the solo
purpose of saving what he could for the
widow of J. J. O'Brien. Although he de
clined to answer the question, when he
was asked, It Is a fact well known to those
who were associated with him that he
worked without pay or compensation of
any financial sort. He brought to the
great task that he voluntarily, assumed
much business experience as cashier of
O'Connor & Moffatt, -as executor of i the
will of Mrs. Bryan O'Connor and as a
banker. J. J. O'Brien was his friend.
The memory of that caused him to give
his services. Nothing could finally avert
tho failure that cam*. The best thins to
Phelan ' ante-room for an explanation,
which up to date has not been forthcom
ing.
Although the outside of our store doesn't
look very inviting, the inside is very at-
tractive — just judge by these prices :
FURNISHING 600DS.
Band Bows, In all colors 3c each
Washable reversible Four-in-Hand
Ties reduced from 25c to 2 for 5o
Odd sizes in Earl & Wilson and Horse-
shoe brand Collars closing out at
5c each
Odd ShlrU and Drawers In lamb's
wool, camel's hair and balbrtggan re-
duced from $1 asd ILM to sOc per gar.
CROCKERY ANO LAMPS.
This week only, a No. 2 center draught
nickel stand Lamp, complete, with
chimney and 10-lnch shade; regular
price $2.00, for 91.2 ft
A few more 10-plece decorated Toilet
Sets left; the 53.7S kind for 92.80
Our So and lOc Cup and Saucer sale
will be continued for this week.
The Broadway Salt Bet. sterling top
pepper shaker, open salt and glass tray
(imitation cut glass), entirely new,
this week 250
BOOKS.
300 titles, popular paper-covered Nov-
els, by eminent authors 5c each
Elegant cloth-bound 12 mos., by such
authors as Hall Calne, Kipling. Conan
Doyle, Corelll, Carey, Dickens, Oulda,
Allen. Oliver Optic, Stevenson, Clay;
publishers' price, SOc; on sale 17c
Closing: out a line of cloth-bouml books
very slightly soiled at lOc.each
21 different titles of Kipling's works,
special 23c each
Go-Corts.
Just Arrived— New line of Go-Carts for
STATIONERY.
Initial Paper, gold and enameled \->
terlna;, granite and cream tints, for-
merly 75c and $1.00. now
85c and SOc per box
Volcano Tablets, 110 sheets, ruled.
plate finish; regular 25c: now 100
School Ink Tablets, ruled or plain.
formerly 20e and 25c; now
So. 4c, 5c and 10c each
1-Ib package high-grade Writing Paper.
110 sheets, plate or linen finish: re-
duced from 23c to 15c per It>
Excelsior Diaries for 1900. grain, saal
or Russia covers; closing out below
cost. j
Titian, Windsor and Octavo-shaped
Papeteriea, In blue, pink, cream, sap-
phire and amethyst tints, bond linen or
plate finlab; cut from SOc to
25c per box
CLQSIN6 OUT BELOW COST.
Smoker Bets and Portfolios, also oUr«,
brccate and silver-plated Inkstands.
Children's J-wheel Wood Carts, regular
15c; on sale ?...f»o
Children's red-painted Foldlna; Chair*.
regular SOc; on sale 2So
Large size, solid oak or painted Doll
Beds. 35c and 60c values 150 each
150 c solid oak Toy Bureaus -So
60c largo aiza child's Rocking Chair..
.• 330
toe Tin Train Cars, 31 In. 10ng...190
11.00 Nickel Plated Air Rifles TOo
; prices 91.05 to 939.00
Frank Sherman Meets an Unexpected Nemesis in a Park Policeman.
FRANK SHERMAN, the well-known business man,
society favorite and lover of horse flesh, has been
lassoed — and that by a park policeman. While
Mr. Sherman's favorite pastime Is speeding behind
some of bis blooded stock, he occasionally, as a matter of
variety, takes to the bike. His reputation of being an ex
pert horseman also applies to his pedaling accomplish
ments. Mr. Sherman has been living easy until the new
regime In charge of the park decided that all rules apply
ing to speed should be strictly enforced. Mr. Sherman
could not drive to the beach at his wonted pace, but he
thought that coasting on a bike at a 2:40 gait "wouldn't
mean no harm." Even this, he was told, was against the
rules, and great was his grief thereat.
"I can't ride the thing fast up bill," he explained to his
friends, "and they won't let me ride It fast going down
hill, but you watch me fool them."
His friends -watched, but they took a park policeman
into the eecret, and that is how Mr. Sherman happened to
be lassoed. He pushed his wheel before him up one of
the steepest grades In the park. Great beads of perspira
tion dripped from his brow, and the only thing that gave
him courage to continue to the top was the thought of the
long and speedy coast he was going to enjoy on the other
elde.
At the summit he mounted his bike and away he went.
He had gained elegant headway and Mis countenance was
beaming with satisfaction when the man with the lariat
came on his galloping steed behind him. The long rope
circled around his head and then went straight for Sher
man. The loop went around the merchant's waist. Tho
other end was attached to the pummel of the policeman's
saddle. The horse stopped and so did Sherman, but the
bike went on down the hill. Being in his bicycle togs—
which are usually built without pockets— Sherman was
shy of funds and was led away to the station-house,
where his friends went to his rescue and balled him out.
The experience cost him many small bottles when he
appeared down town in his everyday clothes.
ADVEBTIKEMENTS.
SHERMAN'S SPEEDY CAREER IS CHECKED
GEFFEHY AGAIN
CHARGED WITH A
SERIOUS CRIME
Accused of Levying
Blackmail.
FACTS SENT TO WASHINGTON
WANTED MONEY FOR VACATION
EXPENSES.
¦ •
Secretary Kane of the Society for the
Suppression of Vice Declares He
? ; Is Guilty of Questionable
Practices.
A. H. Geffeney, Immigration Inspector
and Japanese interpreter with the Immi
gration Bureau at this port, is again in
trouble with the Federal authorities, and,
as upon two previous occasions, he is
charged with the extortion of money from
Japanese landlords of questionable re
sorts. Frank J. Kane, secretary of the
Society for the Suppression of Vice, ap
pears as tho accuser, and tho charges and
Information recently filed by him with
Hart H. North, the Immigration Commis
sioner, were by the latter y«sterday for
warded to Washington.
The evidence presented consists of an
apparently compromising letter written
by Geffeney and the statements of three
Japanese, who were cognizant of the facts
in the case.
On January 27 Secretary Kane raided
the house of a Japanese named Kataro
Ito at 7 Spatford alley for the purpose of
rescuing two 14-year-old Japanese girls,
who were confined there for Immoral pur
poses. He was accompanied by Special
Othcer Coleman and an Interpreter named
Miyakawa, and while searching the rooms
found on a table a letter addressed to C.
Akabau. The envelope bore the stamp of
tho Immigration Bureau, and Kane at
once demanded of Ito information as to
Its contents. Ito professed Ignorance, and
Kane opened the communication In the
presence of his men and read It. It was
signed by Geffeney and reads as follows:
Office of the United Commissioner of Imml-
gratlon. Port of Ban Francisco, Cal., Sept.
7, 1899.
Dear Mr. Akabau— l was very much surprised
at the telephone message I received from Han
nah. I want to cay that I must have what I
asked for by 12 o'clock Friday. II I do not I
will make serious trouble for Mr. Ito. I shall
expect to see you by 12 o clock. I must have
It. If I do not I will make it very disagreeable
for them. A. H. OEFFENEY.
After reading It Kane again demanded
an explanation of Ito, who still disclaimed
any knowledge of it. In fact, no one in
Ito's establishment would admit ever hav
ing seen It. Kane thereupon took it to
the residence of Akabau at 809 Stockton
street, where he found Akabau's daughter
Hannah, a bright Japanese girl, who acts
as. her father's interpreter. ICane showed
her the letter and she at once called in her
father and advised him to tell the story
of his connection with Geffeney.
After some further pressure Akabau
said that on or about the sth of September
he met Geffeney, who told him that he
was about to take a vacation and that he
needed money. He asked him. to go to
Ito and demand of him the sum of $15 as
a contribution toward the expenses of the
trip. Akabau demurred, but Gefiteney In
sisted, and the Jap finally consented.
Upon reaching home and talking it over
with his daughter, however, ho changed
his mind and sent the girl to a telephone
office to tell Geffeney that he would not
carry the message. The next day, accord-
Ing to Akabau, he received the letter
which Kane discovered In the house of
Ito, and upon learning Its contents at once
delivered It to Ito. There, he claimed, his
connection with the matter ended. He did
not know whether Ito complied with Gef
feney's demand or not.
Kane at once reduced Akabau's state
ment to writing and the Jap and his
daughter signed It, with Miyakawa, the in
terpreter, and Officer Coleman as wit
nesses. On February 9he handed his evi
dence to Commissioner North, who after
an Investigation of bis own forwarded It
to Washington.
Geffenoy has twice before bten in sim
ilar trouble, but each time has been
cleared after a searching- investigation.
His friends claim that this, like the other
cases, Is one of spite work on the part of
his Japanese enemies, and they are con
fident that he will be promptly \indicated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
PHELAN SOWING
DISSENSION IN
HIS OWN PARTY
Pays Political Debts
With Gold Bricks.
WARDELLGETS DOUBLE CROSS
CADWALLADEE WAS HANDED
THE ASSEMBLYMAN'S JOB.
J&an From the Thirty-Ninth Handled
the Mayor's Fight in Sacramento
and Is Rewarded With a
Broken Promise.
Meyer Phelan Is etlll enraged In the
Fcntle art of making enemies. Nothing
Catmted at the list he set up by his re
cent manipulation of the Police Depart
ment, he is now putting In his Idle hours
In sowing dissension In the ranks of the
Ban Francisco Democratic delegation to
the State Legislature. As In the flrst case,
fc-.s latest attempts at political effacement
are meeting with pronounced success, and.
«Jso as in the first case, the enemies he
Is creating an; all of his own party and
ere led by no less a personage than Justus
wardell. Democratic Assemblyman from
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District.
Since the Mayor first dawned as a guirt
ir.g star in the political firmament he has
reiied larrely upon Wardell to accomplish
for him many email things necessary to
the success of a. large campaign, aiid
Warden has generally succeeded In land-
Ing the goods, not so much because of his
political ability as his consummate nerve.
Vp to the last extraordinary session of
the Legislature he had never demanded
of the executive anything in the way of
reward, notwithstanding that his political
career and its attendant expense had
practically sold him out of the modest
printing business in which he was en
paged. When the late session opened,
however, Wardell came to the front. He
announced that he was tired of working
for nothing more than an occasional meal
ticket, that if there was to be anything
doinp he would do it, but that a "subse-
Q'Jt-nt salary of not less than $173 per
month would be his price.
Wardeil proved to be a capable guesser.
for a day or so later he was summoned
into the Presence by Charlie Fay and dur
ing the course of an otherwise platitudin
ous conversation his very good friend, the
Mayor, confidentially informed him that
he desired the complimentary Democratic
vote for Senator when the balloting for
that oflice should come off. Phelan etart
cd to hand out his usual basket of gold
bricks, but Wardell. prown wise by pre
vious similar experiences, called him
down, and before he Kot through both had
entered into a Stipulation as to that $175
jol.. In fact. IT is said that the Mayor
expressed surprise that the Assemblyman
from the Thirty-ninth should ask no
irrc-ator reward.
Up in Bacramento when the fi&ht came
off Wardeil's advocacy of Phelan was
nothing ioss than spectacular. He nad no
patronage to offT in return for compli
mentary votes, but he was flush with is
enrnt.ct'S of the continued distinguished
consideration of the city's chief executive,
and lir.ally made it go. as when it came
to a showdown all of the Assembly save
Jack Crowly of San Francisco lined up
with h:m ar.d . threw their votes to Phe
lan.
It didn't po. how»vor, when he returned
tn This, v-ity to claim his reward. Charlie
Fay was a^ain ma<lp u?e of to inform
V.ar<i-il th:it. much to the Mayor's regret,
thf J17") jobs were all out. and that, ttin
pornriiy at least, he woul'l have to eon
teat h'rr.self with pomethine less profita
t>]<\ Aft«?r some .irjument he paw it tl at
¦way h'.mp«Jf and finally deigned to accept
the Ftcrrtaryship of the Police Commis
sion at SI3OU per year. This the Mayor of
fered him, and up to last Tuesday nipht
he fully exDected to take up his new (du
ties. Then, however, the Police Commis
sion carnc together and named B. L. Cad-
for the place without so much as
c mention of Warden's name, and tinee
that time the Assemblyman from the
Thirty-ninth has spent his time between
lradir.ff an anvil chorus on the street
F.frair.st the Mayor and waiting In the
Dr. Talcott & Co. |
&" Reliable Specialists Who**** I
Treat Diseases of Men Only. H
If yen are sniftering from vartcocele. J
contracted aliments, blood taints, debll- I
Ity or any form of weakness and wish a g
speedy and permanent cure, consult us. |
PAY WHEN CURED. 1
W» mean this statement and It applta* I
to every person who puts his caae In our 5
hands, we have cured ' thousands of c
cases that have been considered Incur- [
able and have done this without detention I
from business or bad after-effects. "We Ej
make a specialty of home cures. Inform*- £f
tlou for the asking. H
997 Market Street, Corner Sixth. |
TOYS.
19ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
MRS. JULIAN— A. S., City. Mrs. Mar
tin Julian, before she became such by
marriage, was Mrs. Robert Fitzsimmons.
REPUBLICAN PARTY— J. S., City. On
the 27th of August, 1556. there was orga
nized in San Francisco the Union Repub
lican party, which had on Its banner
"Freedom, Fremont and the Railroad."
JIMMY HOPE— B. M.. City. Jimmy
Hope, the burglar, did not break into the
Nevada Bank of California. It was in
the Sather Bank, at the northeast corner
of Montgomery and Commercial streets.
HERRMANN-S. F. S.. City. Alexander
Herrmann, the . magician, was born In
Paris. France. February 10. 1544. and died
on a railroad train near Great Valley, in
the State of Nev." York, December 17," I*os.
CIDADEL— A. O. S.. City. This depart
ment has not been able to find the word
"Cidadel." The correspondent Is of the
opinion that the word is of Indian origin.
Does any reader of this department
know?
NOT CLEAR ENOUGH— D. P., City.
The query in regard to over money in a
game of draw poker is not clearly stated
and the amounts named are so badly
mixed that it is impossible to furnish an
answer.
ON A PROSPECTING TOUR-C. T..
City. If you desire to take a trip this side
of the Rockies with a view to prospecting:
for gold call at or communicate with the
State Mining Bureau, in the ferry build
ing, about information as to where to go.
THE TARIFF— A. S., City. This de
partment has not the space to devote to
"a synoposis of the tariff question since
ISS2." Would suggest that you visit the
system of State highways extending from
Redding, in Shasta County, at the head of
the Sacramento Valley, to Bakersflolil,
Kern County, at the head of the San Joa
quin Valley, which, the report stated,
could be constructed easiest and cheapest:
and which, for the least expenditure of
money, could furnish an object lesson In
good roads to the greatest number of pec
pie.
The committee also recommended that
the subject of good roads be -made a po
litical issue. The bonding system was
recommended as the ¦ most economical
method, and in a special clause the inac
tion of the Legislature In the matter of
good roads was regretted. It was recom
mended that a copy of the resolutions be
recommended to the Sacramento. Valley
Development Association, with the re
quest that it co-operate with the San Joa
quin Valley Association by the appoint
ment of a committee of five to work in
conjunction with a like committee from
the latter association, to report at the
next quarterly meeting. It Is expected
that the report will be adopted.
The report of President Buell was a
review of the work of organizing the
association, and the subsequent work of
the executive committee. It contained no
recommendations.
The evening session was taken up with
a discussion of the proposition to bond
the State for the improvement of roads.
A resolution was passed urging the Cali
fornia representatives in Congress to sup
port the Hepburn-Morgan bill for the
construction, fortification and control of
the Nicaragua canal. There was further
discussion on the methods to be pursued
in advertising the valley, and other mat
ters of interest were considered. It was
decided to" hold the next meeting of the
association in Bakersfleld on May 26. An
elaborate banquet was spread in the Yo
semite Hotel and several toasts were elo
quently responded to.
GOVERNOR PENNOYER HOLDS BRYAN RESPONSIBLE.
tive of the provisions of th» civil servtoo
examination, but such appointments shall
be for a period not to exceed ninety days,
after which appointments shall be. In ac
cordance with civil service- rules. It is
likely that when the. Board of Publlo
Works took office It had certain work to
perform and appointed those, who wers
the first obtainable to perform tho work.
CIVIL SERVICE FOR MLN'ORS-A. B.
S., City. The only position that conies
under the United States civil service rules
applicable to applicants under 13 years of
age Is that of messenger boy. An appli
cant 14 years of age may take the exami
nation, and the maxim age limit la £0
years. The examinations are held at such
times and places as the needs of the fie.
partmenta in which messengers are em
ployed demand. The applicant should ap
ply at the department in which he •would
iike to gain admission and procure appli
cation blanks, which will gtvo him all th«
desired Information.
ABOUT A PATENT— D. A. P.. Canyon,
Cal. If you desire to obtain a patent for
a valuable invention and do not know
anything about the mode of procedure,
the safest thing to do Is to consult a
reliable agent who will treat your com
munications confidentially and say« you
a great deal of trouble and preserve your
right, which you might Jeopardize If you
attempted to try to secure a patent on
your own account. There are a number
of pamphlets that give a synopsis of the
mode cf procedure, but as a rule they
tend more to confuse than to enlighten.
If the correspondent will send a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope, such a
synopsis will be forwarded.
COUSINS— J. R. N*.. Stanford. Mont.
The children of brothers and sisters are
called cousins, cousins german, first ecu
sins or full cousins. Often, however, the
term second cousin in loosely applied to
the son or a daughter of a cou3in ger
man, more properly called a first cousin,
once removed. A first cousin onca re
moved is the child's first cousin, a first
cousin twice removed is the grandchild of
one's first cousin: a second cousin onca
removed is the child of one' 3 second
cousin. A first cousin once removed is
sometimes called a second cousin, fol
lowed by a third, fourth, etc. The rela
tion of an individual to his father's
cousin is that of first cousin, once re
moved, or second cousin, and his relation
to his father's cousin's child la that of
first cousin, twice removed, or third
cousin. From thi3 you can flgrur* out ths
relationship of cousins down to th« forty
third branch— that Is, if you hay» th«
time and patience.
DAMP WALLS— C. I*. C!ay. Th» fol
lowing cement is used on walls that ar»
affected by dampness, and it is said that,
while It keeps out dampness. It possesses
the advantage of oil paint without Its
disadvantage of smell: "A coat of ox
ide of zinc, mixed with size mads up
like a wash, is first laid on the plastered
wall or ceiling, and after that a coat of
chloride of einc applied; prepared In th*
same manner as the first wash. The* ox
ide and chloride effect an immediate com
bination and form a kind of cement
smooth and polished as glass."
Another method as a protection against
damp wall is the following:: "Take Sl.^S 1 .^
pounds of mottled soap and dissolve in,
one gallon of water. This compound ia
to be laid on the wall steadily and care
fully with a large fiat brush, so as not ta
form a froth or lather on the surface; th«
wash to remain twenty-four hours In or
der to dry. Then mix half a pound cf
alum with four gallons of water, and ap
ply in the same manner over the coating
of soap. This must be done In dry weath
er." In a particular case the* dampness
may arise from a very Blight leak in on«
of the water pipes. In that case you would
have to call in the services of a plumber.
tv-. mif i- < m« w w-w T/>Uf fl vT 7 °2 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco, and
I 1 V€ ¦ /V I A - /Vl Cl^AiJlirll^inL ' Bwdick Blook, Corner Spring and Seoond Straota. LO5 Angelas.
*-^ *V» 1T1» Cm.* ;*' lVfc*r»VVl * « *-• «* J Office Hours— Dally 9to 8; Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IX DRCO STORES.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
With Suspensory for weak men, has brought strength, ambition and happiness to ten thousand men in
the past year.
Men. why will you be weak? Why do you not listen to the echo of thousands of grateful voices
raised in thanks to Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt?. -Why do you go on iron? day to day realizing that
you arc losing your nerve force, your manhood, when you see a cure within your gra?p? Reach for it,
take it to your heart, and feel the life-blood flowing, jumping, dancing through your veins; feel the ex-
hilarating spark of manly power warm your frame, the bright flash come to your eye, and the firm
grip to your hand — the grip which grasps your fellow man and tells him that you have found your
Mccca — you have regained your manhood.
Act now. Act to-day. Do not delay a. matter which is the key to your future happiness; do not
allow a disease to destroy all possibility of future pleasure for you. Whatever your condition to-day
you will not improve as you grow older. Age calls for greater vital force, and the older you pet the
more pronounced and apparent will be your weakness, so cure it now— cure it while you are young. The
time is ripe. While the vital spark is- still warm it can be easily finned to ilame by Electricity, and Dr.
McLaughlin's Electric Belt will make you strong if you try it now. Warrantei not to burn nor blister.
My appliances are warranted the strongest in the FREE 800K — I have published an 80-page
world, yet they give the current like a soothing, book, beautifully illustrated and full of truths for
glowing warmth, flowing into the body without the men and women who are low in vitality, weak and
stinging, burning sensation caused by old-style! declining. It is worth reading. It you have tried
Belts. My special inventions — the cushion electrode! everything else and believe in nothing, this book will
and regulator — prevent this horror. My Belt is} convert you to the altar of truth. I send it. closely
half price to those having the old-style burning; sealed, free. Ask for it. Call, if possible, and con-
belts. - ' isult me personally.
The Original Speech.
The original speech, the true primeval
tongue of man, was quite unlike any
language wo have ever, heard; yet we
have all talked It. and all Its elements
are present In the tongues of to-day. The
primeval language was a vowel language
altogether; it had no consonants, or con
tracts, as we ought to call them, at all.
Its words consisted of vowel sounds fol
lowing each other repeated or varied—
of words like aeaea, aoao, aia, auau,
aeota, iaua, oioi, ouou, uaua, ueue, all of
which 1 may say. In passing are taken
from a language in use to-day. The sen
tences were Intermittent streams .of
vowels, each stream held on so long as
the speaker's breath allowed or whim dic
tated. When all literature was recited,
the . same consideration, the capacity of
the lunss, determined the length of the
bardic lines; so we have our shlokas, our
hexameters, our Alexandrines anu so
forth, each a lungful of verse; In the
primeval tongue It was likewise, but the
sentences were vowels only. •
There are about ten or a dozen pure
vowels to go upon, and vowel words may
run up to five syllables, so we have a very
considerable fund to draw on for our
vowel streams. And these streams of vow
el ¦ speech correspond to and . , expressed
streams of emotion or feeling rather than
descriptions of concrete objects. For. we
hardly realize how terribly overladen with
material trifles our life is to-day, and,
therefore, what great demands we make
on language for concrete words. But our
exclamations, each of . which Indicates- a
single emotion, tend to remain pure vowel
sounds even at the present day.— The Con
temporary, • ¦ - ¦--- ,j,r ¦ -s.'-;.^'.'',; ;
Nature intended you to be a strong man. You have the physique, the constitution, and yet you
do not feel the vim. the sand, the ambition one would expect in a man of your age. What is it? Why,
a lack of vitality — the foundation qf manhood. You have lost it. no matter how. Get it back; feel
young, look young, act young. Life is beautiful when you have health. I can help you.
Proceeds' from a street fair given by
the unions of Syracuse. N. T.. will go to-
ward building a temple of labor there.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
rtbraur &>
Stmr CIeon«». Mads^n. —
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
Petition for a New School.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday considered the petition of Im
provement Club No. 1 of South San Fran
cisco asking the co-operation of the board
in securing a slxteen-room brick school
house in that district. The petition was
referred to the Board of Education for
examination and report.
The joint meeting of the Hospital and
Judiciary committees for the considera
tion of the petition to\prev&nt further
burials within tho city and county was
postponed until next Saturday at 3 o'clock
p. m.
•Be sure to see the water color exhibi-
tion at Wm. Morris' art rooms, 24S Sutler.*
GERMAN EDITOR LEARNS
WE HOLD WAKE ISLAND
Deutsche Kolonial Zeitung Tardily
Announces a Seizure by
Uncle Sam.
Special Cable to The Call and N>w York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York
Herald Company.
BERLIN. Feb. 17.— The Deutsche Kolo
nlal Zeitung reports that the United States
has seized Wake Island, which lies to the
north of the Marshall Islands.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Commander
E. D. TauEslg, commanding the Bennlng
ton. took possession of Wake Island In
the name of the United States on January
17, 1599. A brass plate was screwed to the
base of the flagstaff upon which the flag
was hoisted bearing this inscription:
"The United States of America, William
MeKinley, President; John D. Long, Sec
retary of the Navy; Commander Edward
D. Taussig. United States Navy, com
manding the United States steamship
Bennlngton. this 17th day of January. ISM,
took possession of the atoll known as
Wake Island for the United States, of
America."
Wake Island was selected as a station
for the Pacific cable, but the navy, has
abandoned it, preferring the midway
route.
Opposes Land Subsidy Bill.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17.— The Chamber of
Commerce, after consideration of the re
port of a committee, has declined to ap
prove in present form- the bill now pend
ing in the House of Representatives pro
viding for a land subsidy for the San Di
ego and Phoenix Railway. Representative
Needham declined to Introduce the bill
and it is fathered by a Michigan Con
gressman.
Final Account Rendered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. 17.— The final ac
count of the executors of tho John .Hol
lingsworth estate has been filed, and th«
final distribution of one of the wealthiest
estates in Yolo County will soon take
place. -^ .
Music Hall Burned.
PARIS, Feb. 18.— Trianon Music Hall, on
the Boulevard Rochechouart, was de
stroyed by fire last night. The fire oc
curred after the conclusion of a variety
performance.
STAMPING OUT
BUBONIC PLAGUE
Good Work of Inspec
tors at Manila.
MANILA. Feb. 17.— Out of a total of
fifty-one cases of suspected bubonic
plague reported forty-two proved genuine
and thirty-two deaths resulted, half of
them being Chinamen. There wore twelve
cases within the last week, mostly within
the walled city, and a hundred inspectors,
under the superintendency of a health of
ficer. Major Edie, are enforcing the san!
tnry regulations. Thirty of the inspectors
are Chinamen, who have been furnished
by the Chinese merchants. The local
health department census shows the pop
ulation of Manila is about 190,000, Including
31,000 Chinese. *
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.-General Otis
to-day reported- the following casualties
among the troops:
Killed— Thirty-ninth Infantry. January
13, Lipa, Luzon, Company B, James O.
Ryan; February 3, Bagbag province, B.i
tanzas. Luzon, Albert Votrie. Company X,
Sixth Infantry; February 4, Antiquic. Pa
nay, George H. Schuchard. Company L.
Wounded— Fourth Cavalry, February 7,
Magdalena, Luzon, Ross G. Miller. Com
pany A. left hand, severe; Horace N. Mo
nett. Company C. thorax, severe. Thiitv
elghth Infantry. January 21, Sariava. Ta
yavas. Luzon. Reuben C. Hieronymus.
Company L. right thigh, severe. Thirty
second Infantry, January 2, Dinalupljan,
Luzon. Claude L. Pearson, Company D,
right hand, moderate. Thirty-third Infan
try. January 24, Doninglay. Luzon, Ser
geant Major. Robert E. Welson, right
glutcal iegion, slight.
VALLEY NEEDS
BETTER ROADS
PORTLAND, Feb. 17.— Ex-Governor Sylvester Pennoyer to-day gave out the following statement re
garding the financial bill which has been passed by Congress:
"I hold Colonel Bryan really responsible for the law. If he had not artfully captured the nomination
four years ago with his carefully prepared speech either Bland, Teller or Stevenson would probably have been
nominated and elected. Bryan defeated himself and his party by his volubility, and the party's defeat then
permits a gold standard law now. In all time only one man has been endowed with sufficient power to de
feat the enemy with a jawbone."
reference room of the Free Public
Library, where you will find any amount
of literature on that subject.
MIGNON NEVADA— A, C. C Sacra
mento, Cal. Miss Mignon Nevada, daugh
ter of Emma Nevada, is a very Kit ted
child, under 14 years of age. She has
written stories in French, but. bo far as
the catalogues go, none of them has been
published in book form.
DEWEY'S DENIAL— M. "W.. Lowney.
City. Admiral Dewey did make a denial
that he and United States Consul Pratt
had promised Independence to Agulnaldo.
There never was published what purport
ed to be a "treaty between the United
States and Aguinaldo."
PASTURAGE— H., Frank, Cal. If a man
places animals on a pasturage farm and
fails to pay for the pasturage, the owner
of the pasture cannot sell the animals
pastured by simply advertising a proposed
sale. He would have to commence an ac
tion against the owner.
ANIMAL INDUSTRY-C. 8.. Newvllle.
Cal. For information in regard to the an
imal Industry in Australia address the
Under Secretary of Agriculture, Depart
ment of Mines and Agriculture. Sydney.
N S. W.. Australia; also the Under Sec
retary of Agriculture, Brisbane, Austra
lia.
MARRIAGE OF COUSIN9-J. P. N..
Stanford. Mont. In a number of the
States, Montana included, the marriage of
first cousins is prohibited by law. Nature
mutely declares that marriage between
first cousins is wrong and gives evidence
of its disapproval by marking. In nearly
every instance, the offspring of such a
union with imbecility, want of speech or
hearing, or both and the like.
FREEZE-OUT POKER-P.. City. In
the game of freeze-out poker for the
drinks side bets do not have anything to
do with the main game. If a player has
put the requisite number of beans in the
pot. the fact that he does not take up a
side bet. although he has sufficient beans
to do so, does not affect his right In the
pot and he cannot be barred out of the
main game because he refused to take up
a side bet.
THE SUPREME JUSTICES— H. J. C.
Virginia City. Xev. The Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States are:
Melville W. Fuller of Illinois, Chief Jus
tice; John M. Harlan of Kentucky, Hor
ace Gray of Massachusetts, David J.
Brewer of Kansas, Henry B. Brown of
Michigan. George Shiras Jr. of Pennsyl
vania. Edward D. White of Louisiana,
Rufus W. Peckham of New York and Jo
seph MeKenna of California.
RAILWAY PAPERS— J. M. X.. Stock
ton. Cal. In the city of New York there
is not a periodical published under the
title of The Railway Times. The railroad
publications are: Engineering New? and
Railway Journal, Railroad Gazette. Amer
ican Car Builder and Railroad Journal.
Locomotive Engineering. Railway and
Equipment Reporter, Railroad Car Jour
nal and Street Railway Journal. Admires?
any of these and you will secure a sample
copy.
LANDLORD AND ROOMER— T. and
L... City. If an individual rents a room In
a lodging or rooming: house by the month
and the landlord desires the room occupied
by that Individual, he must give notice of
not less than fifteen days, so as to give
the tenant an opportunity to secure other
quarters. A landlord has no right on a
day's or three days' notice to a tenant to
vacate to lock up the room and place the
tenant's effects on the street. If he does
that he does it at his own risk and would
be liable In damages should the tenant
desire to commence an action against him.
PUBLIC WORKS— P. B. 0.. City. There
la a provision of the charter which pro
vides that all heads of departments, in
order not to Interfere with the public ser
vice, may employ subordinates irrespec-
DAME DEMOCRACY— "WeII, Here's Your' Lesson."
—New York "World.
;:. " ADVERTISEMENTS. -
> .M..M..M..|..M-M"I"! I M-M-M-M-M- 4~H^~H-4-H^^-W-J-H- ¦!¦¦!¦¦:¦ II I I"M-*O
i CITY OF $f fflNiS PARIS i
| DRY GOODS COMPANY. •?
i j.
{ SPRING WOO |
I? We Are 1W T C °L ' " I
New Suits.... |
Li,. New Skirts... f
t PARISIAN and IV T I 1 L £
J ssr New Jackets t
£ f
T COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. SEND MEASURES. X
X £
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, $
T SE. Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. T
A UNION SQUARE. •£
•!• *
MARRIAGE WAS
ONLY A JOKE
Edgingtons Are Granted
a Divorce.
A WEDDING OF STRANGERS
— «
MISS DASHIELL MADE A BASH
BABE.
»
After the Joke Was Two Years Old
the Couple Applied to the
Courts to Have It
Called Off.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Feb. I".— Judge Hughes
granted a divorce this morning to Jessie
Kdglr.gton from Thomas Edgington,
marking the culmination "of a marriage
nearly two years agu as the result of a
Joke and a dare. The Kdgingtons have
r;evrr lived together since their marriage,
they had never kept company with one
another previous to their marriage and
Edgington has never done anything to
ward supporting his wife.
Mrs. Edgington was Jessie Dashlell and
lives in Sacramento. Edgington lives in
Elk Grove. On August 1. 1898, Miss Dash-
It-:!, who was visiting in Elk Grove, at
tended a party there. Edgington was also
present. Some reference had been made
to a marriage and one of the company re
marked to Edglngion that he would be the
next to Join the benedicts. He replied
that there was little danger of that, as he
had tried for some time to convince the
Elk Grove girls that he would make a
good husband, but they were not of his
way of thinking, Dashiell said he
need not remain single on that account,
8"= she would marry iiim. Edgington said
fhe must be Joking, but she replied that
Fhe was in earnest and dared him to
marry her th^n and there.
Edgir.gton said no young lady from Sac
ramento could make him take a dare and
he came at once to this city and procured
a license. V.'hen he returned Miss Dash
iell was inclined to back out. but Edging
ton insisted *he had dared him before the
company and must take the consequences.
Some of the company "Joshed" Miss
Pashiell on account of her desire to
weaken, and fhe finally declared she
would stand by her statement.
Tne two went to Rev. Ado'.ph Haverly
end were made husband and wife. Mrs.
Edgington came at once to Sacramento
and has seen her husband but once since.
When the m*»t him in Sacramento and
FUKg-estrd that they live together tn ac
cordance with the ceremony that had been
performed Edginpton replied that It had
nil bf-en a jo!;o ur.d was now all off. Judge
Hughes to-day granted the divorce on the
grounds of desertion. The details did not
fcppoar in the proceedings, but It came out
in the testimony that the marriage was a
Jokp.
Judg^ Hughes took the case under ad
vispnjt^nt, saying ho was Inclined to think
If it was a Joke it had better be continued.
Later he issued a decree.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
POLICE BUTTLE
WITH SOLDIERS
Early Morning Riot in El
Paso.s
?
STATION HOUSE STORMED
ONE SOLDIER AND ONE POLICE
MAN HELLED.
The Men Demanded the Release of
Two Companions Who Were Under
Arrest, and on Being Refused
..; They Opened Fire,
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. .17.— At 5 o'clock
this morning a mob of negro soldiers from
Fort Bliss attacked the city police sta
tion with the object of -releasing two of
their comrades who had been arrested
yesterday. During the fight Police Officer
Newt Stewart and one negro soldier were
killed, and it is believed- that another of
the soldiers Is wounded.
Yesterday afternoon the police locked
up a corporal from the fort for being
drunk and threatening, to chaso the police
force out of the city, and last night an
other drunken soldier was arrested. Com
rades of the prisoners took the news to
the post. A rescue party, armed with
Krag-Jorgensons, was organized, and just
before daylight a descent was made on
the city,
A few minutes before 5 o'clock two of
the soldiers, rifles in hand, entered the
police station and demanded of Officer
Stewart, the only man on duty, the sur
render of their comrades.
Stewart ordered the men out of the sta
tion and they opened fire on him. Jailer
Richard Blacker, who sleeps In a room
adjoining the station ofllce, aroused by
the shots, sprang out of bed, grabbed his
pistol and started into the office. As soon
as he appeared in the. doorway one of the
soldiers lired at him.
Blacker dropped to his knees and, at his
first shot, one of the negroes staggered
and ran out, closely followed by his com
panion, and the entire squad left on a
run. About twenty shots were fired In all.
Stewart was shot twice through the lungs
and died at 7 o'clock.
A trail of blood leading from the station
was followed and half a block away the
dead body of a negro, shot through the
breast, was found. The dead man still
clutched his gun In his hands. A second
rifle and traces of blood were also found,
which indicated that another of the ne
groes was wounded.
Officers Blacker and Scott pursued the
fleeing soldiers, but were unable to make
' The troops stationed at Fort Bliss be
long to Company E, Twenty-fifth Infan
try. Posses are. out looking for the ma
rauders, though, at the post It Is claimed
that the only missing soldiers are the
dead man and the two prisoners In the
police station.
The police have learned from the two
prisoners the name of one of the soldiers
who did the shooting in the station office,
and Sheriff Boone and Chief of Police
Lochart have demanded the surrender of
the man from the commandant of the
post. The latter has given assurance that
he will lend all possible assistance in
bringing- the guilty men to justice, and it
is believed that there will be no further
clash. The entire police force, however,
has been mounted and armed with Win
chesters, to be in readiness for any emer
gency. The feeling here against the sol
diers is very bitter,' and many citizens
have offered their services to the civil
authorities.
SEVERE SNOWSTORM
RAGES IN NEW YORK
Steamer Graf Waldersee Goes
Aground and Traffic Generally Is
Almost at a Standstill.
NEW YORK. Feh. 17.-\Vith all the fury
of a blizzard, the first real snowstorm of
the winter descended upon New York to
day. A wind out of the northwest blow
ing from twenty-five to thirty miles an
hour Mew the snow about In thick, blind
ing clouds. About ten Inches had fallen
by midnight.
Great was th* menace to shipping be
cause of the blinding storm and the in
shore wind. . The last ship to arrive in
this port to-day was the C.-impania, which
pasrFed quarantine at 9:30 a. m. The
Amerii-aji liner St. Louis was due this
mornine. but she was not reported up to
midnight. La Touraine is due to-mor
row, but it Is not expected she will reach
port on time.
The last ship out was th<» Etrurla, which
left her pier at Ba. m. The Graf Walder-
Fee, which attempted to pass out. went
aground near RomT shoals at 6 p. m.
The thick snow prevented anything be
ing seen to-night from Sandy Hook and
it is not known whether the liner
floated off with the high tide. Through
out the suburbs of New York, in Long
Island and about New Jersey, everything
points to a partial blockade by the snow.
WALKED INTO TOWN
WITH A MANGLED ARM
Epecis.l Disratch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 17.— EHglro Fer
rarel, a laborer in one of the brickyards
north of San Rafael, was run orer last
night by a freight train near this city and
his left arm was badly mangled.
rv-rrarll. according to his story, was at
tempting to steal a ride on the train and
¦was thrown off by the brakeman. He
fell under the rear car. but could not en
tirely c?cape the wheels. From the place
where the accident occurred Ferraril
walked to a saloon a quarter of a mile
away. A number of men were playing
cards in th« place and they carried him to
Dr. Howitt's sanitarium, where the arm
was amputated at the armpit.
Dredger Attached.
Special XMegateb to Tfc* Call.
BAN JOSE. Feb. 17.— Contractor Mc-
Cann's dredger, with which ho intended
to complete his Government contract for
the improvement of Alvlso slough, has
been attached. It is now Jn the hands of
a keeper and will probably be allowed to
remain so for a time. The attachment
was served by Sheriff Langford, and is
In a suit brought in San Francisco by D.
B. McDonald against Dennis Jordan "and
Edward McCann for $1175 du«s for lumber.
This Is probably the last of misfortunes
that will overtake the 111-fated dredger,
and the contract will more than likely be
abandoned. McCann Is under a $15,000
bond to complete the contract by June 1,
end over two months of his time has al
ready been lost.
Fell Down an Elevator Shaft.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 17.— 8. F. Talbot.
a colored elevator operator at the County
Courthouse, fell headlong down the shaft
of the elevator this afternoon and was
killed. He leaves a widow and seven chil
dren.
Meeting of San Joaquin
Association.
?
STOCKTON". Feb. 17.— The first quar
terly meeting of the San Joaquin Valley
Commercial Association convened in this
city to-day at 1:30 o'clock in courtroom
N*o. 1 of the county courthouse. There
are seventy-two accredited delegates— six
from each of the twelve counties in the
Ban Joaquin Valley. Besides the regular
delegates every train since yesterday
afternoon has been bringing in prominent
merchants and other business men from
all over the valley.
The great majority of the delegates ar
rived this morning on the 9:27 train and
were met at the railway station by mem
bers of the two local organizations, the
Chamber of Commerce and the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association
and driven to points of Interest in and
adjacent to the city.
The convention was called to order by
President P. A. HueJl of this city. The
principal business up for consideration
was the president's report and that of the
advertising and good roads committees.
Freight rates and other matters of inter
est to the valley counties will also be con
sidered. •• ¦ ¦ . ¦
The committee appointed by the associa
tion on January 16 to Investigate and re
port resolutions on the road question re
ported that better roads were an absolute
necessity. The State had incurred great
expense" in the creation of a Bureau cf
Highways, which had submitted to the
Legislature a comprehensive report with
recommendations, which, the committee
regretted, had been ignored by the Leg! fi
lature. The report went on to recommend
the system of State roads as the best that
could be devised, and recommended that
such legislation be had as to render possi
ble the construction of that portion of the
Cure Colds f
by keeping- your bowels open. CASCARETS Will do it without jjj
g^rip or gripe and drive the cold right out of you. Just as soon )x
as you "feel like taking cold" take a CASCARET— there ia «
NOTHING SO GOOD. , j|
>^#i*???v^ CANDY CATHARTIC
S A Bweet bit of candy medicine, purely vegetable, absolutely ¦ s
S harmless, never grip nor gripe. A sale of over 5,000,000 boxes ¦ )|
8 a year — 10c, 25c, 50c — proves their great merit. Be sure you . S
S get CASCARETS, the only original, genuine Candy Cathartic, j|
I Best for the Bowels j
20
P. A. BUEL'-, President of the
Enn Joaquin Valley Com
mercial Association.
Man Among Men! Be Strong and Youthful
Yourself From the Chains That Hold You DownCALIFORNIA NORTfIWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market SL
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:60. 11:<« a. m. : H:S3.
3:*> 5:10, S:3» p. m. Thursdaya— Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extr* trips at 1:50
and 11:30 <?- m.
SUXDATS— S:O«>, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5.W. «:W p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— C:W, 7:30. 5:20. 11:19 a. m. : 12:15.
3:40, 5:10 n. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, »:»0, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40. 5:03.
«:25 z>. m
Between San Francisco and Schaetien Park
same schedule as above.
Ladies' fine kid ties for 75c a pair, worth
$2, at the sale of shoes. 717 Market et. •
Park Music To-Bay.
March. "Entree de Procession" Batiste
Concert overture Kalllwoda
American seUctlort of popular sonr*-.Boett«er
Entr'acte from the ballet "Coppella"...DeHbfs
Scenes from "llignon" Thomas
Overture, "The North Star" Meyerbeer
Trombon* quartet Selected
Descriptive fantasia, "A Shepherd's Life in
the Alps" Kllngr
Waltz. "Jolly Girls" ..Vollstedt
March "Merry American" \ollstedt
cently given by California Council of the
Daughters of Liberty was well attended,
and was a successful and most enjoyable
affair. The most unique costume was
that worn by Miss M. Williams. It was
from neck band to hem of skirt covered
with streetcar transfers, and she was
designated the "transfer girl." This
council has twelve applications to act
upon, and of late its meetings are being
unusually well attended.
The members of Martha Washington
Council gave a valentine party in Snlels
building on last Monday night, which waa
a pleasant function. There was a musi
cal and literary programme, the leading
numbers being furnished by the Hamilton
sisters. Miss Rhodes and Mr. Mearns.
During the march preceding the dance
valentines were distributed to all partici
pants. . The committee that had charge
of the affair was composed of Miss Gertie
Deemer, Mrs. Miller and Mrs. L- J. Pres
ton. - .....i ~ ¦r? s
had hi» left arm and elbow fractured, and
Charles Carlson. 617 Vermont 6treet. suf
fered a contusion of the back and possi
ble internal Injuries.
MINSTRELS WILL
WARBLE FOB THE
PARISH SCHOOLS
St. Charles' Benefit
Entertainment.
?
SPLENDID ARRAY OF TALENT
?
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY PRE
PARING FINE PROGRAMME.
Songs, Dances and Comedy Sketches
Will Furnish Amusement for
• the Many Friends of the
Catholic Institutions.
A minstrel performance will be given in
Vereln Eintracht Hall next Wednesday
evening for the benefit of St. Charles
parish school?. There Is a great array of
talent and a vast amount of enthusiasm
characterizes the committee, which Is
working night and day to uphold the rep
utation of the Gentlemen's Sodality. They
have already a list of performers that
should crowd the hall to its utmost ca
pacity. The arrangements are in charge
of Major Daniel McGloln, Edward Fay,
J. L. Turley, F. J. Dougherty. John Dyer.
F. A. Hooper, Thomas A. Dougherty and
Ed Glennon. The performance will be un
der the direction of Mr. and Mrs. George
Orr. The Interlocutor will be Major Mc-
Gloln. J. L. Turley and Fred A. Hooper
will rattle the bones and Morgan Sweeney
and Thomas L. Mahoney will manipulate
the tambos. A first part will include solos
by George Keane. James Mullens, George
Creighton, Robert Wright and Thomas F.
Barry ami a quartet, including Charles
Harrold, William Dawland, M. Brown and
J. Reed, will also be heard. In the second
part Morgan Sweeney and Vincent Ken
nedy will give fancy dances; Baby Divine,
Tom Mahoney and the Athenaeum quar
tet, consisting of William Doyle. Morgan
Sweeney, J. Nolan and George Crelghton,
will also appear. The entertainment will
conclude with a one-act farce sketch, in
which Major McGloin and Messrs. Hoo
per And Turley will make the fun. Tick
ets •i.n be secured at the parochial resi
dence, Elrhteenth and Shotwell streets,
and also from the members of the So
daJlty. The price Is 50 cents.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL,; SUNDAY, FEBRUARY ¦ 18, 1900.
Daughters of Liberty.
The fancy dress and domino party re-
A man with but one Idea Is sometimes
worse off than & man with no idea at all.
• TENTS AND COVERS.
NETriLLB & CO., manufactorera. ba*«, tents,
covers. 31 and 33 California st. ¦ •
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RfIIUWAY
Leave Ean Francisco via Bausallto Ferry.
WMk flaya »:30 a. m. and I:*4 p. m.
Sundays..... .1:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trians.
. rare— San Francisco to Summit and Rttura.
By the use of a new German process In-
candescent mantles are rendered elastic
and durable, the woven bodies being Im-
pregnated with 'chemical solutions of slll-
cum and afterward exposed to an Intense
heat, which sets free the acid and com-
bines it with the other materials to make
the mantle pliable.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaffgs
Fprlngs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprints.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Seda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Pell Lake. Witter Springs, I'pper Lake. Porno.
letter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's.
Buckneil's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brae*.
Westport. Usal. Willltt*. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer.
Ecotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 830 Market St.. Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITIXO. " R. X. RTAN.
General Manager.' Gen. Pass. Agent.
One of Choate's Stories.
Mr. Choate is quite as good a story
teller as he is a lawyer or an Embassa
dor either, as far as that goes, says a
London correspondent of the Detroit Free
Press. He loves a Btory on himself, and
rellßhes the telling. Here is the most re
cent effusion of his— an after-dinner affair
that not many days ago was sprung at a
banquet In London and brought about his
ears a thunder of applause that rattled
the chunks of ice in the punch bowl:
Mr. Choate said. that, he went into a
bookshop in the Strand a few days before
to purchase a copy of Dante's "Inferno."
It was his Intention to present the book
to' a young friend who particularly wanted
to read It. Much to Mr. Choate's chagrin
the Instant he stepped foot in the store
the word "Inferno .entirely escaped hi»
roind. v • '¦'•"• .
He told the salesman that he would be
back In a minute, and he walked away
down to Whithall trying to think of the
last half of the book he wanted. Of
courte it was Dante's "something." but
Dante's "what"?— that was the question.
Finally he gave up trying to recall the
full title and went back to the shop. The
clerk asked him what h« sought. He
made a bold stab. "I want a copy of
Dante's 'Hell,' " he replied.
The clerk darted back to the rear of the
store. By and by he returned with empty
hands. ,"I am very «orry." he «aid. "but
we haven't got Hell, by Dante, but
we've got 'Twenty Teara in Bouth
Africa,' oy Cecil Rhodes, If that would
do." ¦'-' . - • .
"And feeling,"" concluded ? Mr. Choate,
"that that was practically the same thing,
I took the book."
Companions of the Forest.
Last week' Loyal Circle, after clos
ing, opened under the 'head of ."en
tertalnpient of members and visitors,"
and had a most enjoyable evening. Sev
eral of the members sang, others recited,
there was an exciting potato race for a
prize and a friend of the circle engrossed
the attention of the many members pres
ent by telling them a blood-curdling story
of adventure.
The same night Fidelity Circle, the new
local one. was instituted : by Supreme
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. E. Fal
coner, assisted by the grand officers, Mrs.
R P. Gale, president of the board of dep
uties, and Miss Tillie Meyers. The new
circle starts with thirty-one companions
and the following are the officers: G. W.
Corwin. P. C. C: Maggie Morrison, C. C:
Alice Follit, S. C: Mrs. M. E. Grant. T.:
Florence N. Morrow, F. S.: Mrs. M. F.
Hollis, R. 8.: Miss Ella Wunderlich. R. G.;
Miss M. I. Smith, L.. G.: Alice J. Boyrle,
I. G.; Alice B. Currier, O. G., and Dr. A.
B. McGlll, physician.
The party given by Sherwood Circle last
week was one of the social suc
cesses of this subordinate. - There was a
good attendance and an ejoyable pro
gramme of dances. The committee in
charge was Mrs. Kate M. Howard,; Mrs.
M. Harvey, Mrs. Sarah Hill, Mrs. F. A.
Ferguson and Mrs. Esther C. Dunn. This
circle will at its meeting this week initiate
ten or twelve candidates.
Franklin Circle at its last held meeting
had two . Initiations and will have three
more at the next. Bohemian Circle re
ceived four members into its membership
by initiation at the last held session. .
Alba Circle at Vallejo has presented to
Past Supreme Grand Chief Companion
John Falconer, In recognition of his serv
ices, a cane made of timber of the Hart
ford, with a handle In the shape of a small
quick-fire gun from brass of the Reina
Crlstlna. '¦'
Last Thursday night Bay City Circle
gave a Mikado social in the social hall of
the Alcazar. There was a large attend
ance and all enjoyed a good programme
of dances. The grand march was led by
Miss Bessie Borren, the chief companion
of the 'circle,, and, 8.. Marks, the secre
tary. During the march each lady waa
presented with a dainty Japanese fan as
a souvenir. B. Marks was the floor man
ager and Miss Rose Wolmar his assistant.
To CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Traik Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect witb all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leares San Francisco at 5:30
F vnnFtc p. m. with Palace and Tourist
Ka ii v cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains Vtween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Vtsalia, Tulare nrkAn
and BaVersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 62S
'FDKro cnnM Market Street, Phone Maia
TKI3IU 3UUPI 1531 . Oak , andj IU B Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Fall of Two Painters.
A staging on which two painters were
working at Fourth and Berry streets yes
terday afternoon gave way and they were
precipitated to the ground, a distance! of
about twenty-five feet. They were taken
to the Receiving Hospital In the ambu
lance. George Peterson, 522 Eighth street,
Woman's Relief Corps.
In times past Lincoln Post, G. A. R.,
and Lincoln Relief Corps have had many
joint enjoyable entertainments, but none
was more pleasant than the one on the
Bth inst., given In celebration of the anni
versary of the birth of Mrs. Dot S. Mor
timer, the president of the corps. The
hall was well filled with members of both
associations and friends and Jollity ruled
for several hours. Mrs. Mortimer was the
recipient of several handsome presents,
and after a collation the assemblage was
entertained with a vocal solo by Mrs.
Grace E. Buswell of Lincoln Corps and
with a number of stereoptlcon views
shown by 8. Goe. There were present
Mrs. J. L. Wlnans of Antietam Corps of
Petaiuma and Mrs. J. A. Plymire of Far
ragut Corps of Vallejo.
Ralifornia Limited
Santa Fe Route
Chinatown in Bad Condition.
Chief Sanitary Inspector Chalmers yes
terday filed a. partial report with the
Board of Health of the results of his In
ipection of Chinatown. In his report Dr.
Chalmers say« the block bounded by Clay.
I>upont. Washington and Stockton streets
f.nd particularly 523, 825. R29. 834 and 83C
day street. Is unfit for human habita
tion. Condemnation proceedings are sug-
Ffsfd. as the buildings cannot be put in
a sanitary condition. *
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
With King Solomon's Chapter.
An entertainment was given on Friday
In Franklin Hall by King Solomon's Chap
ter of the. Order of the Eastern Star to
an assemblage of nearly two hundred per
sons. There were ballads by E. C. Boy
sen. Miss Charlotte G. Morris and D. M.
Lawrence, piano recital by Airs. S. New
man and violin solo by A. Harold Kayton,
but the gem of the programme was a drill
by sixteen young ladies of the chapter at
tired in Japanese costume. The move
ments were artistic and graceful, and
after the drill there were vocal selections
from "The Geisha" and Delsarte features.
The young ladies were loudly applauded
and encored. After this there was a pro
gramme of twelve dances.
Marriage License Fees.
City Attorney Lane yeEterday filed an
opinion in which he holds that the County
Clerk should collect the fee imposed by
'.aw for the Issuance of a marriage license
and ehould pay one-half of such amount
to the Recorder for the recordation of the
license and certificate. The fee bill pro
vide* that the Recorder shall charg* and
collect for recording such license and cer
tificate SI. to be paid by the County Clerk.
arid that the latter shall charge $2. as
heretofore, for issuing a marriage license,
cne-half to be paid to the Recorder.
Sons of Benjamin.
The 1900 picnic convention of the Inde
pendent Order of Sons of Benjamin has
been organized by the election of the fol
lowing named officers: Leopold Aron, of
Golden Gate. Lodge, chairman; Salo
Scheln, of San Francisco Lodge, vice
chairman; Mrs. Kate Davidson of Min
erva Lodge, second vice chairman; Lewis
C. Levy, of California Lodge, secretary,
and Jacob Label, of Pacific Lodge, treas
urer. It was decided that there shall be
a picnic during the season In the name
of the order, and committees were ap
pointed to make all arrangements. A
great deal of Interest In the affair was
manifested by all present.
CAPE NOME.
Fcr passenger and freight rates see
C. F. MO3RE. 933 Market St.. Room 6.
Canton and Drill Corps.
There was a large attendance on Friday
in Odd Fellows' Hall, drawn there by the
entertainment and ball given by San
Francisco Canton Patriarchs Militant, I.
O. O. F.. and San Francisco Drill Corps
No. 2 of the Rebekahs. The members of
the canton. Captain C H. Kornbeck, and
those of the corps, Captain Allie Parker,
were In attendance in full uniform and
presented a fine appearance. There was
a musical programme, specialties and. a
comedietta by professional talpnt. ThoKe
who contributed to the enjoyment of the
evening were the Emalda Quartet, Profes
sor C. B. Newton, the Horn sisters,
George Hammersmith, Henry G. Leffman.
Kenneth McLeod, L. W. Humphreys,
Miss Myrtle Hollis and Miss Hope Mosher.
After the comedietta came a programme
of dances, the two captains being respect
ively floor and assistant floor managers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice,- the Weil-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
' Time From Work.
To the thousand* upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusses and in momentary danger of death from
¦translation Dr. W. S. Rice, «ia U Main
¦treet. Adama, N.
V.. will send frea
. to all a trial of
Ar f^ ¦ \i\vs." **'* ' amous method
'/ I ' ¦• >^\ V> that has saved so
ll I vM Yv many lives and
// jb_ ' "3 \\ made so . many
It (¦MfiB£_ r --^3 11 xnen - women and
( |Hr "^£l l| children well and
11 ' ML j. Wh\,; I atrong and perma-
\V ¦ JK r »\>~V "H&m/ nently cured of old
W'^SiMk' - ' jKHM/ and difficult rup-
>^lßEflßftni "Ef/ ture*. Do not be
(W^'SRvßfMvi H backward about
¥J^*a**S*.V fIStV wrltlnjr for the
A«T(i'3iK«S : - '•¦'¦JT i< free trial. It will
ryKJFiiaftwr^^ifi^ 75 ccmt you nothing
VlsS2Kit. ;> A r * nd wln enabl»
> ou t 0 Be * how
Tjl* easily you can cur«
?-„._.- -yourself in a rery
M. K. LTMAN. short time without
losing an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every suffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mall, his method, absolutely free, and
you ran maks a fre« trial of It. Write to-day
without fall, aa you cannot afford to miss this
Iree and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyman. a highly esteemed citizen
of Defray, Fla., aayi: "The Dr. Rice method Is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rapture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
no protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
far the free trial and thus cure yourself at home
without pain, danger or detention from the
day's work. Write at once. Commence now
and before the heavy work or spring begin* you
will be cured sound as a dollar.
Write to Dr. W. B. Rica. «8 L. Main St..
Adams. N; T. Tou will never regret having
dona so.
Knights of Honor.
. On Saturday, the 10th Inst.. Grand Dic
tator Archibald. Grand Vice Dictator
Holcomb, Grand Reporter Johnstpne,
Grand Trustee Joy and Past Grand blc
tatdr Crowe" paid a visit to the lodge
In Carqulnez and there was an Interest-
Ing meeting that was well attended.
There was a large and pleasant meet
ing last Thursday night when there was
a Joint reunion of the Leland Stanford.
Eureka and Yosemlte lodges, the last two
named being visitors to the former.
To-morrow night Yerba Buena Lodge
will be paid a fraternal visit by Union
and Keystone lodges, . and there will be
a good programme of entertainment.
The address that is to be delivered by
the Rev. Voorsanger at the open meet
ing to be held at B. B. Hall under the
auspices of the Past Dictators'' Associa
tion on the 2d Inst. will be "On the First
Century After Washington." .
"Liberty Lodge will give a smoker to
morrow night. "Nuff ced."
Foresters of America.
Junior Court, Pride of the Pacific,
last week initiated seven strangers
and had on the secretary's desk eight pe
titions to be acted upon at the next meet
ing. At that time the court will be of
ficially visited by Grand Sub-Chief Rang
er Hugo K. Asher.
Court Sutro Heights at Its last held
meeting increased its membership by the
initiation of four strangers and it still
has some to be introduced into the mys
teries of the order. The court appoint
ed a committee to make arrangements for
Its next social, which is to be In celebra
tion of the anniversary of the institu
tion of this very energet^p subordinate of
the order.
Last Wednesday night Hugo K. Asher
grand sub-chief ranger, paid an official
visit to Court Bay City and was well re
ceived by tho membership. There was an
evening of Instruction and Interesting
talks.
Last Wednesday .there was a good at
tendance of the membership of Court
Pride of California No. 1 of the junior
branch. Further steps were. taken in th 2
matter of organizing a baseball nine from
the court, and David Monasch, chairman
of the committee on regalia, was given
further time to report on the cost of
placing the. present regalia in first-class
condition. Chief Ranger Nathan an
nounced that he would donate a medal to
the member who during the current term
would Introduce and have initiated the
greatest number of candidates. There
were a number of members of adult courts
present and each spoke for the good of
the order. This court has decided to take
the lead in junior Forestry and set the
pa^e for other courts to follow.
Grand Secretary Cordy and his Fidus
Achates, Jacob Label of the American
Forester Review, have gone to San l.vi«
Obispo on business connected with the
approaching session of the Grand Court.
Last Wednesday Deputy Healing insti
tuted a new court at Knights Lanalng.
assisted by R. E. Bevan and members of
the courts at Woodland and at Marys
ville.. - . t ' •
All the courts have been asked to assist
the convention of 1900, Companions of the
Forest of America, in its efforts to enter
tain the delegates to the Grand Circle,
which will meet in Oakland in June.
Cadets to Renew Pledges.
THe annual renewal of pledges by the
League of the Cross will take place In
St. Mary's Cathedral this afternoon at 2
o'clock. A feature ?of the occasion will
be the singing- by several thousand boys
and young men. Next Wednesday even
ing all former members of the cadets
who, having served two years, have re
ceived an honorable discharge, will meet
In the armory. 1327 Market street, to form
aveteran corps.
OHIOANS TO CELEBRATE,
The . California Society Expects to
Have a Big Time When th©
Ohio Is Launched.
At the monthly meeting of the Ohio So
ciety of California held last Friday in
Mystic Hall of the Red Men's building
General N. P.- Chipman, Dr. George A.
Cable. \V. S. Lerr. George A. Sherman.
Francis Smith. Wilbur C. Zlegler and An
drew Crassi were admitted to member
ship.
The report of John P. Jackson, Henry
Hilp and John A. Whitebide, the commit
tee appointed to arrange to celebrate the
launching of the battleship Ohio, was
that a plan had been formulated by which
there will be a large attendance of the na
tives of the Buckeye State from all parts
of California; that in consequence of sat
isfactory arrangements having been
made with transportation companies the
society looks for at least five thousand
Ohloahs on the day of the celebration.
The society hopes that It will have the
pleasure of entertaining the following
named Ohloans: President McKinley,
Governor George K. Nash, Senator Mar
cus A. Hanna. Charles Dick. C. H. Gros
venor. ex-President Benjamin Harrison
and Russell A. Alger.
The meetlrp was addressed by Colonel
Charles H. Murphy. Dr. Wadsworth. John
P. Jackson,. H. A. Iddlngs. Louis P. Mc-
Carthy. Norman R. Arter. and a commit
tee was appointed to nominate officers for
the ensuing term.
RAILROAD TEAVEI.
•OCTIIKR!* rAl'iriC ConPATT.
(rAcirio iirsTXX.)
Tralm* lr*»»*< nml »re «!••«> 1* r.rrt»« ••
MAM rtIAKCISCO.
(Main Uae. Foot cf Market Street)
lsats — Fnotf Diczubcs 13, 1339. — AKXXTB
•7:O<U Eenlrfa. Sotsuo. Elmir*. VaeavlSe.
Rmoalyaml ßacranscnto .. *7:13*
•TxOOa Saasta Eipress— DstK WB1ow«,
Red BluS. Portland *7««*
•7:3iU Martinez, San Rsraoa. Vaiipjo. Xapa,
C'allstcea anil Santa Rosa *filS»
•»:30 a The Oremnd Limited— Ocdon. Dea>
»er. Omtha. Chicago *3il3>
• ».:io» ,s»u Jos*. LlTcrmore. Klocktou. .
lone, ttaeramento. FlacrrfUla.
M*rj-«*iii«\ C.hlco. lie 1 Ulntf Mill*
•Hiiso* "Milton. Oakrtalo an. l Honor* •4il.Tr
•'j:OOa Haywan's. Nilrit »p<l Way Station*. '1 1: 13*.
•9:0«u D&vte, Woodland. Knights Landing.
MsrjsTilio. Orofiilc. •T:I3»
•9>00« Atlantic K.tprcs*— Ogden and East *0:43«
•fItOOA Martinez. Tncy, LatUrop, Stockton.
Mercrdaod k'reraa «13t13»
•9tO<»A rortfost*. I'ferao. Mojito mml l.oi
ADgalrn # «»43*
•I 0:00k Valleja. Martinet ami Waj Stations •6:4.1f
• 1 1 :«Oa Uarwarda. Kiles ar.l Way Station*. *2>43a
•l»:«ou Nilca, LJteiamre, Htocktoo. Haera-
asento. M endota, llaaford. Viaalla,
POTtCTTiIIo «-iII»SJ
j l:#Op Sacramento l.'Uer Ste»n>#T* tn:O«»
•SsOOr Hiywardfl. Kites and \7sy Stations. *3> 13a
•4iOOr Ifnrtiuer, Han Kamou. Vallejo,
Napa, Callatogft, ttault tins* *oil3a
•«iO«r Benlefo. V»ca»il!e, Hacramento,
Woo.iUml, KnigbU LandJnc,
M.-irrsTillc. Orofli.V »10t43»
•4iSO»Dtlas.HaJiJoaoand Stockton -7i13»
•¦tOvrTbe Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Babera4e)il; fcaugns fcr feint* Ba*>
bara. Lcs Awwles. »iat43*
«a<OOr Sacsct United— El Fata. New Or-
leans end East elOtO*
•SiSOr Stockton. Merce.l, Fresno «I 2:13»
*3i3or Vimiick liakenOoM, Mutt Ilitrlmra,
Loa Angelea, Demlng, El Pisa.
New Orleans and EasS •9««.1»
•SiSOp Bantu Va liouto— Atlautia Exprna
for MojaTn and Easit *«»O*>
•8:OOi> ITajwanU, Kilca and Sau Joss *7i4-i4
tOsaOr Vallejo •i»tl.1»
•OiSftr Oriental Mall— Osden and East a SsS«*
t~:OOr Vallejo, Foil Coats ami Way Sts-
tioos. !«<33r
*B>O3r Oregon and California Uii<ras»,Nao>
rameutn. AiarjsTllle. Ke*Mlug.
rortfjHi'l. P"fft Hi»iit..l aii.l V»*% •«tl.f A
OBAST DIVKIOV (N.irro«v <.««*?}•
(Foot ct Market Street.)
•»iiaAN«waik,OonUi»Ule,HanJoso.Felfcon.
" • . BoalderCreck.tiaotaCnaaotltV'ay
StaUoo «•»»•»
fSilSr Newark. Centertflle. Han Jos«. New
Aknaden. Felton, ISoulder Crrek.
Santa Ciai and l'iincip»l Way
BtaUoos t«»«'»'»*
*«i33r K«wark. Ban Jose. Loa Gatoa. *O:20»
IlltiSr Unnters" Ezenzsioo. San J Jfs and
Way Station I7»«fl»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSIX ra»3C!SC3— ra«t «r UuUl Strut (S:i;> »i—
•7:15 . 000 ll;0OA.M. |I:C3 *2:03 t3^3
•i:C3 SB:C3 *6:C3r.M.
rrtaOmiXß— Tnl*t ituimtj.— 'SiOO 8:00 20:00 A.M.
tI2:C3 .'1:00 t3:SO «3:C3 >1:53 'a^r.M.
COAST 1)1 VISION (ISroa.l Uaago).
(Third and Towngend Sta.)
1«i I Oa. Ocean View, tiouth Han VrancUco.. i«iSOp
•7.00 A Sail Jos* .v..l Way Stations (N«w
Almadeii Wednosdajs only) MiSo*
t*MO* Man Jose. Tres I'iuos. Hatita Criix.
' Paeilia tlrovo. I'aso Uc.l>l»», Ban
s Taiia Oliicpo. Surf. Lompoc and
rrlnelpal Way SUtious - -ltl •»
•lOs4Oa Saa Jose and Wty Stations *«iB»a
•lIsSOa Ban Joso ami Way Stations. «Si3O»
? «3il3r dan Mateo, Itedwood. Mealo Park.
•" Palo Alto. fcanU Clara. Ban .»>•*.
, Trsa Pldos. Santa Cruz. SaUaaa,
llonterey and l'aelfle Gr0r5...... {lOiMa
"|a<B*pBaa Jose and Way Stations »7:30r
44tlSp Sao Jos* ami Principal Way Btailons *O>-*3a
4S:*OpBaaJoseaadPrloeipalWa7 BUttona tOtOOa
•3:3OpSanJoaa ami Principal Way StaUooa *S:33a
•tt::inp Sao Jose and Way Btatiou« »^:Oo*.
|11»45p San Jose ami Way Stations *7»aO»
A for Moraine. 1' for A (Mrnoon.
¦ Daily. t Sunday exerted. I bunday only.
b Satantay cay
aTawa«i and Fiidj j» • Tbnrsdajs and Scadajv
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Steamship.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS)
FOR HOME DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
Monflay, May 21,1900.
FIRST CLASS fIIO.OO
SECOND CLASS 75.00
STEERAGE 50.00
Special rates for freight and insurance.
Through passenger and freight service to
Dawson and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
f I >HE wedding of Miss Evle Fairbanks, a reigning belle of Tomales, and
1 Charles G. Martin Jr.. son of the millionaire banker, which is to take
I place next Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock, will be an event of more
1 than ordinary Interest in the realm of society. The- ceremony will be
"^ performed in the Church of the Assumption at Tomales and Rev.
Father John Rogers will officiate. In addition to the beauty and per
sonal magnetism which have made Miss Fairbanks a conspicuous figure in
the Bocial. world, she Is noted, for her many accomplishments, among which
Is an excellent musical education. She Is also the fortunate possessor of a
voice In which volume is combined with rare flexibility and sweetness, her
vocal studies having been pursued under the guidance of the best masters.
The father of the bride-to-be is William Fairbanks, a wealthy pioneer
rancher of Marin County.
Charles O. Martin Jr. is the son of the president of the Marln County
Bank, located at San Rafael, and a director of the local Italian-Swiss Bank
and also a director of the Hill Bank of Petaluma. Father and son are the
owners of vast tracks of land In Sonoma, Marin and San Diego counties.
Miss Linda Martin, a sister of the groom, will act as bridesmaid, and
Joseph Fairbanks, a brother of the bride, will be best man. After a month's
honeymoon, to be spent at Coronado and Monterey, the young couple in
tend to take up their future abode at a palatial residence in Chileno Val
ley. Marin County, on which the finishing touches of the artisans were put
within the last week. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW RAILROAD
TO THE COAST
Terminus to Be Gulf of
California.
CONCESSIONS ARE SECURED
— — ? .
LIBERAL TERMS GRANTED BY
MEXICAN GOVERNMENT.
? \ ;.>¦¦ '
Headquarters to Be at Kansas City,
and a New Line of Steamers
Will Connect With the
Orient.
»
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Feb. 17.-Arthur
E. Stilwell, promoter and president of the
Kansas City, Pittsburgh and Gulf Railroad
Company, is the -moving spirit In an am
bitious xailroad scheme that was an
nounced here to-day. '.His plan contem
plates a new international railway sys
tem 1800 miles in length, stretching from
Kansas City to the Gulf of California.
The Kansas City, Mexico and Orient
Railway Company was incorporated in
Kansas City to-day with an authorized
capital of $1,000,000. The incorporators in
clude Mr. Stilwell, J. W\ Hirst of Omaha,
president of the linseed oil trust; Dr. W.
S. Woods and W. A. Rule, Kansas City
hankers; J. C. Fox and E. W. Snyder of
Leavenworth, Kans., capitalists; H. A.
Wltherbee of Detroit, Mich., Herman
Kuhn of London, Eng., and several other
capitalists of Missouri and Kansas.
Through the corporation thus formed it
Is hoped to capitalize the scheme. The
plan contemplates a railroad from Kan
sas City through Topeka and Wichita,
Kans., through El Reno, O. T., and
through Northwestern and Western
Texas, between the Santa Fe and Rock
Island lines, to a point on the Rio Grande
River about twenty miles south and east
of El Paso, thence southwest to Chihua
hua, Mexico.
At Chihuahua connection is proposed
with a line now being built to the south
west, its ultimate terminus to be Topolo
bampo. on the Gulf of California. Ot this
line 1607 miles is already constructed.
Mr. Wltherbee, the Detroit member of th«
corporation formed to-day, holds the con
cessions from the Mexican Government,
under which the work is progressing.
Mr. Stilwell proposes to incorporate the
several lines into one great 6ystem. Ho
announces that it is a $27,000,000 proposi
tion, but in view of his success in pro
moting the Plttsburg and Gulf during the
panicky times of the early '90's he be
lieves ft can be done.
DETROIT. Feb. 17.— Henry A. Wither
bee of .this city, who is interested in the
projected new International railway, in
addition to holding the right of way for
the Mexican branch of the propsed sys
tem, has a concession of $10,000,000 from
the Mexican Government to aid in its
construction. The Mexican Government
also agreed to allow all materials used in
the construction of the road to come into
the country free of duty, and the road is
to be exempt from taxation for a liberal
number of years. Mr. Witherbee an
nounces that a new line of trans-Pacific
steamers will be built to run in connec
tion with the road. Topolobampo, which
Is a fine harbor, will be the connecting
point for the steamers. Mr. Wltherbee's
concessions provide, that no other roa'l
can strike the harbor without a right of
way from the new company.
WEALTH AND BEAUTY TO
BE UNITED AT TOMALES
CITIZENS MAKE
STAND AGAINST
DARK STREETS
Improvement Bodies
Take Action.
THINK MEASURE INJURIOUS
»
IffXSSION AND CENTRAL CLUBS
UNITED IN PURPOSE.
Strong Bfsolutions Addresssd to the
City Fathers ¦— Delegations to
Attend Meeting of the
Supervisor*.
At a meeting of the Mission Federation
cf Improvement Clubs hel<l at Corbett
road and Mars Ftreet last night the fol
lowing resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved. That tve deem the proposition to
turn off the street lights from March 1 to July
1. as advocated by the Finance Committee of
the U^ard of Supervisors, a plan that M-.ouM
be discouragrcd by all citizens »r.d taxpayers
hsvir.K the welfare of tbe city at heart; and
be It further
P.esoived, That we hereby make an emphatic
protest to the said plan of the Finance Com.
niittee, and »c demand oJ the Board of Super
visors that the recommendation be promptly
rejected when it comes beiore tfce full body
text Monday; ar.d that it be lurther
Resolved. That the secretary be and he is
hereby instructed to communicate with the
honorable Board of Supervisors impressing
upon them the necessity of defeating the recom
mendation cf the Finance Committee. And
be it futfcer
Resolved, That the president appoint a com
mittee, of ten members from this Federation to
appear before the honorable the Supervisors
and protest fccainst the proposed plan of shut
ting eH the lights.
On this committee the president ap
pointed D. I. Wyatt, Gus Schnee, Joseph
P. Tuohey. Chris Stader. R. H. Daniels.
M. Mcßride. F. H. Quallman. A. S. Lillie.
W. A. Hicks and John Barrett. An addi
tional committee, consisting 1 of Gus
Schr.ee. D. I. Wyatt and R. H. Daniels,
•was al?o appointed to Malt on the Mayor
for a like purpose.
The executive committee of the federa
tion reported that there Is a necessity for
the opening of Sunnyside avenue throusrh
the fcutro tract. Derey avenue; also the
opening: of Lake View road; the extension
of Chenrry street to Diamond, and also
the opening: of Sixth avenue (south) from
the drydock to the Mission road.
Chairman Stader, on behalf of the fed
eration. Invited all the members of the
various affiliated clubs, their wives, eis
trrs and cousins to a bullshead break
fast at Glen Park on Thursday next,
Washington's birthday, upon which occa
sion the statue of the Father of his Coun
try- tvill be unveiled. The breakfast will
be on the boards at 12 oYlnck and will
consist of a dozen of the best heads to be
found in Butohertown.
Followir.fr the same object of phuttin?
off the street lights, the fol!<.Tving resolu
tions vero adopted by the Public Im
provement Central Club of AH Civic Or
ganizations:
Tr> th«» Honorable Board of Fupervieors of the
City and i"numy tH San Francisco — Gentlemen:
\Vher>a«. ear attr-niion has l>een called by a
rpf-ort in t!:» daily press that the Finance Com
mittee of your honorable board intends to rec
orr;mend as an economical measure that the
street '.Ithts bf suspended for a period of four
month* from the Ist day of March to the Ist
day of July. l*? 0; and whereas, euch action
would r*> a ir.^naoe to the lives, property and
pa^ety of th» citizens and a disgrace to the
city, the undersisned officers of the Public
Imrrcvp merit < *er.tral Club, of all civic or
raT-izETions ar..l th*» presidents of all the Im
pronmeat doba which «r« have been enabled
to rearh in the limited time at our disposal
united and en^rgei ically protest against leaving
the oiry in <larkne*r. Resj>ectfully.
Ar.drt-a HhAr!> f >ro, Prr^iil^nt Public Improve
ment iVntrni Hub: Najifc. B. Greensfelder. Vice
Pr**:deiu Public Improve mem Central Club;
Gimav<> Pt-hrw'*'. Sroretary I'ublic Improve
m«-nt Oeaxrai <"lub; <*harles V. «:roF«. President
Wfftfrn A.iiltlon Itncrovero^nt Club; C. D.
Falfl^H. Prpyi^f-nt I*anhanile and A*hbury
Helehi? Inproventeßt flub: E. M. Torelio. M.
I>., Pr^'.d-nt Mis*ion ri\e-mile Improvement
flJb; Cliarlea Milley. President Fan Franelsco
South No. I Improvement Club; Georee R.
Fletcher. President Point L«-)bos Improvement
Ciub; «.:harl»6 H. Hubh*. President Richmond
IMrtrict Imj>rovement <71ub: Charles Alpers,
Prepld^Et Hayno Valley Improvement <"lub-
Ceorjre R. Sanderson, President Presidio
Heights Improvement Club; A. S. Lillie. Prefl
• <s*rt_ F*>d prated Mlsf!<m Improvement Club; N.
VPf h!essin«or. Vice President Municipal Im
rprovement Club; Charles W. Pope, President
/S"ineteenth-avenue Improvement Club; William
\B. Her-k. Presid«it Punnyside Improvement
iT".ub; F. W. Van Reyneirom, Vice President
Alissinn Imprwement Club; Albert F. Rob
jene. President Property Owners' Association.
' All abxjvff named -vrill meet at the Board
o' Supervisors' meeting next Monday at
3 p. m. to Join In protest against the sus
pension of street ll^htins for four months,
as w« think it is an outrage that should
not be permitted In any civilized city.
WAR ATLAS IP TO DATE.
Philippine Islands and Sosth Africa.
Large scale maps, from the latest surveys.
Send 15 2-cent stamps or postal order to THE
OLIDA CO., 36 North Clark st.. Chicago, and
receive this handsome Atlas, postage paid.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15, *•
iWeek Sun- 1599. Sun- W«k
Days. day*. Destination. days. Days.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Krogh Mfg. Co.. » Stevenson
St. Amalgamators, Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
7:3oam S:>X) am Novato. 10:40 am" 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:38 am Petaluma. «:03 pmjlo:2s am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition, ti Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Hea'.dsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserville, i
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «: 23 pm
7:30 ami IHopland and \
|S:iy>am| L'klah. 7:35 pm[ «:23 pm
STEAM ENGIMKS.
Call and see' the lightest, cheapest, special Cape
Nome steam engine; working parts completely
Inclosed; $55 to 1255 for 1 to 30 horsepower;
weights 90 to 1400: one operating at RIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. 519 Howard.
7:30 am » j |10:K am
8:00 am: Guernevllle. I 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ', | . .I . |,B:!3ptn
7:Ci>am! 8:00 am Sonoma ! 9:15 am! S:49am
! *n<* i
5:10 pm| 5:09 pm Glen Ellen. | <:05 pm! <:22 pm
.GASOLINE : ENGINE s *.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is nilln«
large numbers of orders for Nome. 141-143
First »t.. 8. F. - . ¦
7:30 ami 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:SO pm! 5:00 pm| ( 7:35 pm 5:22 pm
O!LS.
LUBRICATING Oil. Crude Oil and Gasollna.
ENSIGN A McGUFFICK. 23 Rpear St.. P. >F.
SAMD CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS. -
Lift Gold-Bearing Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at «25 Sixth *t. BYRON JACKSON.
ls . MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes:
high or low lifts. Slmonds. ?3 Market st.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing- October 1. 1833.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *T:OO. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:45.
•3:40. 5:15. <:40. g :3fl d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and U:3O v. ra. . . ¦
BUNDATB— # 8:W. 'lO:*). »H:2B a. m.: ••1:1$.
1:15, '4:45. «:20,-9:00 p. m. - • -
Tralm marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »:2S. •«:». 1:43. »»:40 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:15. »S:4O. •5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at «:40 and 10:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*:2J. *S:00. '10:00. '11:4s. a. m.;
•1:40. •3:15. 4:45. *«:S0 d. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 1:45. 7:55, »:43 a. m.;
12:35, 1:1%* 3:45. 5:10 p. ro.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays st 7:00 and 10:10 l>. in.
SUNDAYS— J:OS. 10:05, a. m.; 12:05. J:IJ. 3:JO,
1:00, 6:45 ?- m.
THROUGH TRAINS,
7:00 a. m. week days— Caradero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tcmales and way stations.
1:00 a. m- Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
' ENOI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.. *
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers:
lowest price* on the coast. Pin* It Davis «t».
HENSHAW. BUCKLETiCO., Pumps. Steam and
Oa»«Un« Enainea, Boiler*. 21 and 28 Fremont.
OUR TREATMENT
Cures permanently contracted* ailments at any
sta&e, Including contagious blood poison.
% . *^ ¦ » M M \ mm-* m MWMmm « ¦ M
Restores lost manhood and removes the cause of
unnatural losses and wasting drains.
OUR TFfF^IkTMF^JMT I
*"^ * » M M % In r^ M M WM li 'IW 1 :
Rebuilds shattered constitutions, gives new life.
new Hope and renewed vigor.
OUR TREATMENT I
Has been a success for more than nineteen years,
and Is better than ever.
O/7#? Tf9F s> ATl\/tt => lM'T 1
* » aim. ix M IWM ¦« <Mm m
'<s effective, but always harmless. It leaves no In-
jurious effects of any nature.
OUR TREATMENT I
¦ s reliable. We have such confidence In Its merits £
that 'we will wait for pay till patients ar^ well.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK 1
DR. MEYERS can cure you «t home. Althou&h It Is preferable to see the patient la ¦¦
many instances. It is not always necessary. If you cannot call, write for private book,
diagnosis sheet, fre« advice, prices an<l oth;r particulars. Correspondence solicited.
All letters confidential. No printing- on envelopes or packa:es to Indicate name of
sender. Cures sent by mail or express free from observation.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
73 i Market Street elevator s^^«^;
¦ <*> SAN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE. ETenlngs-7 to 8. £
GBAPE-NUTS.
BRSBBTBBiSCKBBBaDEBBBBBBBBBOBBBBBBBHBBMBnMna
c o Gec&p&Qoaoo. o o o cy^ce^x^oc^c^ojo©cy>o^oi^ 000 oooooooos ¦
I Like Pie? |
i| Try one of Si
go . _ _. |J
g| XaL CJLYJxj lr% ULLO 9 |:
g| tastes much like Pumpkin Pie |"
11 ' Savory >!p
If Winning IS
Si • • ' Healthful p
gg Recipe §5
"o Pour boiling water over one-half cup of Grape-Nuts, let stand #¦
So. ten minutes, add two eggs, four tablespoons suprar, two cups OH
¦8 eweet milk, one-third teaspoon ginger, one teaspoon mixed *S5
¦X spices, stir over slow fire until thoroughly boiled. Bake pie jrfg
¦jtf dough in deep pan;.when done, put in prepared Grape-Nuts and «HB
¦S return to. oven to brown. •-:»—. . SB
Eg CUT THIS OUT. |fl
So This pie is digestible and wonderfully, nourishing, for it is %m
¦S mostly Grape-Nuts, the most scientifically made food in exist- ga
H§ "ence. • »B
BBsI^iiiBBBBBBBinBBIHBIIllBBRIBIBBaUB»IB
21Ladies' Ribbed Underwear
Manufactured from the best quality of combed
Maco cotton, giving the garments a smooth
finish- equal- to the most expensive underwear
made. Vests in long or short sleeves with
drawers to match in both white and ecru
The above is the best value ever offered
in our .underwear department at
RO'Ca garment
Shirt Waists
In this department new
goods are arriving every day
and ladies intending to pur-
chase for the coming spring
will find it greatly to their
advantage to inspect our
assortment before buying
elsewhere.^;: .
Waists to order
We make silk waists to
order and guarantee them
to fit; the styles are always
the newest and the prices
reasonable.
rigured Foulards
A 24-inch twilled Foulard
in a heavy grade of " pure
silk with a lustrous finish in
the followingshades: brown,
golden brown, castor, navy,
light navy, purple, laven-
der, turquoise, lilac and
This is a silk of unusual
merit at the very low price
of 85c a yard
That
Suit
Pictured
Opposite,
In FanGy
Checks,
Prettily
Braided,
fop
$1.39.
For chaps, ages 3 to 7 years.
Shall
We Say
Come Early?
RAPHAEL
Ladies!
We piclure above one of many
of the swell styles for Spring,
in Pineapple Strata. They're
swell, and exclusive.
Special $y[Q.-
at $2.00.
5 £V 1 •
Inc.,
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia
Druggists, 60c Hask. Richards & Co., 408 Clay!
Dr. Parker'a Cough Cure. One fioee will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
John Dletz against Grade T. TDletz for
desertion; Ida Mitchell against Charles
H. Mitchell for failure to provide, and
Noack Ellason Broberg against Marie
Broberg for desertion. *
Ladles* kid shoes, in lace or button, for
$1, worth $3. Shoe sale, 717 Market st. •
Spangled Robes
We have just received a large collection of
very elaborate spangled robes in entirely new
designs : which are at; present considered the
correct style for followers of fashion ; prices
ranging from ,
$15 to $80 each
Spangled Nets
Our assortment of spangled nets in all black,
black and white, black and steel, white and
silver and white and gold has never been
equaled on this coast ; the prices range from
$1.50 to $2O a yard
Imported No velties
• for 1900
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
$57,600; H. Krusl, San Francisco. <56,853:
Darby Laydon, San Francisco, (a)- $54,900;
(b) $60,000; Dundon Bridge Construction
Company, San Francisco, $74,853. v. t
DICKINSON MAY
SUFFER BECAUSE
BURNS ASKS IT
Gage Likely to Turn
Him Down.
*
BLAMED FOR THE DEFEAT
ELECTION OF OFFICERS OF THE
FIRST ORDERED.
. ?
Nothing Definite Is Known as Yet
as to Those Who Will Be Chosen
to Command the Com
panies.
There are rumor* In National Guard
circles to the effect that the commander
In chief. Henry T. Gage, proposes to turn
down Major General John H. Dickinson
In consequence of the position he took, or
rather the position that he did not tak-j,
as to D. M. Burns in the late Senatorial
light. Burns, it is said, lays his defeat
to tne action of the major general as Sen
etor. and has asked the Governor to turn
the division commander down at the ear
liest possible moment. Those who are
close to the powers that be profess larnor
ance In regard to the matter, or If they
do know decline to say anything about It.
It is also announced that the command
er in chief has in contemplation the re
tirement of a number of the colonels on
his personal staff and the parceling out of
a like number of honorary gold bricks to
those who have done the Governor of the
State some service.
Last Friday Lieutenant Colonel Du
boce received telegraphic advice from su
perior headquarters that Companies B, II
and L, the three companies that were re
quired to fill the First Regiment to the
maximum number, had been accepted, and
thereupon the following order was issued:
General order* No. 1.
This regiment having reported for duty un
£er the act of the Legislature, approved Marth
21, 1533. and the provisions of G. O. No. 11,
eerles IS3S. A. G. 0.. and having been recog
nized as belonging to the National Guard of
California, I hereby assume command by vir
tue of rank. VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
Lieutenant Colonel First Regiment Infantry,
N. G. C.
J. Company commanders will furnish these
headquarters ¦without delay a list of enlisted
men to be discharged. In the following order:
First— Those belonging to the regiment at
the outbreak of the Spanish-American war of
IS9B who did not volunteer therein, and whose
terms of »«»rvlce have not yet expired and who
<3ld not report back on or before November SO,
ISB9.
Our imDortations of FRENCH PRINTED
CHALYS for Spring are now readu for In-
spection, having received during the Dast
week a large shipment of these goods. Then
I come in Handsome Floral Designs, Silk
Stripes, Dots and Figures] also Plain Colors,
We will also show this week 15 Cases
New SCOTCH and IRISH PRINTED DIMITIES,
in Stripes, Floral Designs and- Small and
Medium Figures. The colorings of thesB
Dimities are New Blues, Greens, Pinks and
Lavender.
SPECIAL!
25,000 pieces New FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACES (EDGINGS and INSERTINGS.)
20e to $1.00 piece.
SF»RIING IQOO.
Second — Those whose term* of ¦enrice hare
expir«*d and did not re-enter the reglmant.
Third— Those who served In the Spanish-
American War, IS9S. but did not report back
on or before November 30. 1899.
11. Company schedule of drills Is continued
In force until further notice.
111. Company commanders will make requi
sitions for their respective companies as fol
lows: Sixty (60) forage caps, army sizes;
sixty C6O) blouses, army sizes; sixty (60) pairs
trousers, army sizes; thirty (30) overcoats,
army sizes; chevrons and 6tripes.
By order of
LIEUT. COL.. VICTOR D. DUBOCE,
Commanding.
ALFRED J. KELLEHER, Capt. and AdJ
Subsequently an order was issued from
brigade headquarters calling for an elec
tion for the line officers of the twelve
companies on Wednesday, February 28,
the elections for Companies C, G, V and
X to be held at the Ellis-street armory.
and the elections in the other companies
at the Pa?e-street armory. The following
named oflicers on tha brigade staff have
been detailed to preside at the elections:
Charles Jensen, major and Inspector, for
A and B; H. A. Wegener, major and
quartermaster, for D and E; J. A. Margo,
major and commissary, for C and F; H.
B. Hosmer. major and inspector rifle prac
tice, for G; J. H. Hendy. major and en
gineer officer, for H; C. J. Evans, major
and signal officer, for I; D. S. Dorn, major
and judge advocate, for X; S. L. Naph
taly. captain, A. D. C.for L; A. A. Hinks,
captain, A. D. C, for M.
I Now that the First Regiment is once
more In the service of the State, Lieu
tenant Colonel Duboce breathes freer than
he had for some time, as It had been
his ambition and that of a number of
the line officers who came back from Ma
nila with him to return the First to the
guard of the State. As announced in or
ders, xhe election for line officers will be
held on the last daj- of the month. What
changes . will take place In the several
companies is not known, and there does
not appear to be any concert of action
at this time as to what officers or men
will receive the votes of the men in the
ranks. There have been any number of
wild guesses, but they do not count, for
if any combinations are to be made in
the several companies they will be made
this week. After the line officers shall
have qualified, then will come the elec
tion for field officers. Lieutenant Colonel
Duboce has been mentioned for the posi
tion of colonel, and while he is not. In
consequence of many duties that are now
devolving upon him in an official capacity
and in civil life, an avowed candidate, he
feels that should it be the desire of the
new line officers by their votes to have
him at the head of the regiment he would
not decline. He feels that if his ser
vices in the past for the regiment and
his service in the volunteer service should
gain for him the honor of an election
he would have to accept the kindly recog
nition of his fellow officers.
Lieutenant Colonel jGeistlng announces
that many of the uniforms have been
received and that they are being sub
jested to test before acceptance. The
uniform board has also ordered chevrons
and Btripes. which are to be furnished to
companies without charging the same to
the amount allow each company. The
caps have all been received, and it is said
that they are the best ever furnished to
the guard.
Brigadier General Warfleld of the Sec
ond Brigade returned from hra Eastern
trip last evening.
Commissions have been issued to
Charles P. Lundhol, first, and J. L. N.
Kenelly second lieutenant of Company C,
Fifth Infantry, located at Petaluma.
John Magennls, a sergeant of the Fifth
Infantry, has received a silver bar in
recognition of fifteen years' service in the
guard.
THERE has been considerable • actlv-;
ity In real estate circles during the
past week and a large number of
good sales were made by brokers.
The condition of the market is bet
ter than for a long time and pros
pects are good for a still further Improve
ment in the immediate future.
The largest and moat Important transac
tion of the week was the deal consum
mated by A. M. Speck & Co. by whiQh
the William Ede Company became the
purchaser of two adjoining pieces of valu
able property fronting on Market. Ninth
and Stevenson streets. One of these pieces,
having a Market street frontage of lifty
feet and extending back 165 feet to Ste
venson street, was purchased of Mrs.
Mary Lynch. The other piece, which was
purchased of James Scobie, has a frontage
of 125 feet on Stevenson street, abutting
the Lynch property and extending .to
Ninth street, with a frontage of seventy
five feet on the latter street. Speck. &
Co. refuse to divulge the price paid, out
it is learned on unquestionable autnoruy
that $62,000 was paid for the bcobie prop
erty and $95,000 for the Lynch P r °P« 11 /-
It is understood that the Ede company
will erect a large modern five-story builQ
ing on the two lots, the cost of whicti
will approximate $125,000.
The Mercantile Trust Company has pur
chased for $79,000 the property^ on the
south side, of California street, 91 :» 1-i east,
of Sansome, ' The property c°nsitew ott *
lot with a frontage of 40 feet and a depth
of 89 feet, with a three-story brlcK ana
Iron front building of thojjetter class ol
old-time construction. The seller was
Mrs. Caroline L. Maynard, and the broKer
was George A. Raymond. _ ..
Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moore has made
settlements with her lawyers and other
creditors, and with their assignees, by
which she at last becomes sole owner ot
the Blythe block, subject to a mortgage
of $1,000,000 held by the United States
Mortgage and Trust Company, /rhrough
her counsel, W. J. Barnett. .Mrs. Moore
has paid out more than that sum, includ
ing the satisfaction of jthe claims of the
members of the late firm of Garber. Boalt
& Bishop, General W. H. H. Hart. Henry
I. Kowalsky, W. W. Foote and the estate
of Mrs. McAllister; has paid off liens and
judgments, has secured the release of no
less than twenty-eight mortgages and has
settled the following incumbrances of
General W. H. H. Hart: A j ud , Bmen «in
the foreclosure suit of h. I. Fish for $10,
232 65 and $12160 costs: assignment of
twelve twenty-fifths of Hart's interest in
the Blythe property to L. P. Drexler to
secure the payment of $60,000 and the fur
ther advance Of $20,000; notes of | $2C 1,000.
$5000. $10U0 and $1014 50 to Mrs. Elizabeth
A. Montgomery; a mortgage of $26,1/7 o« .
to Mrs. Caroline A. Towne; a mortgage of
one-fifth interest In his fee to the same
lady to secure $32,210 73; redemption of
property sold under execution in the suit
of Asa B. Bronson; judgment for $11, 19 D IS
and $63 60 costs in favor of the Bank of
Lake, and a judgment for $13,187, with \ZI
costs, in. favor of A. S. Baldwin.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report the
following sales:
Northwest corner of Sacramento and Laurel
streets. 37:Cx100 feet, for $3750. sold for account
of the estate of S. Lewis; lot adjoining same
estate on north line of Sacramento street. 3. :6
feet west of laurel. 25x100 feet, for $1800: the
lot and residence on the northeast corner ot
¦Washington and Stelner streets, 2ax102;6U feet,
for SSSOO: lot on the north line of Sacramento
street 29:6 feet east ot Scott. 27:5x102:8U feet,
for- $4225; lot and Improvements on th* nortn
east corner of South Park and Center place,
47:6x97:C feet, for 110.000; lot on the east line
of Forty-ninth avenue (facing the Ocean bou
levard), 187:6 feet south ot J street. 2ax120 feet,
for $400; lot on the north line of Clay street.
137:6 feet east of Maple. ••0x127:8^ feet, for
$4000; lot on the south line ot Pacific street 80
feet west of Polk. 66x127 :8U feet, for $8000. lot
and Improvements on the north line j>f Pine
street. 157:6 feet west of Hyde, 60xU7:6 feet,
for $7500; 320 acres of timber land In Santa
Cruz Mountains, sold by the Partridge estate
to Messrs. Hubbs and Rambo for $9000.
Baldwin & Howell report the following
recent sales:
Northwest corner of Battery and \allejo
streets. 47:6x137:6, . to Covimcton Johnson for
$17,550; same property resold to Susan O. Tevis
for $ IS. 000: two lots on the east side of Nine
teenth avenue, near I street, for $723 each; one
lot on the north side of I street, 100 feet east of
Nineteenth avenue. 25x100 feet in size, for $^0;
the northeast corner of I street and Mneteentn
avenue. 50x100 feet, for $1300: lot on the cast
Bide of Nineteenth avenue, 50 feet north of I
street, 50x100. for $1400; lot on the east side
of Folsom street, 100 feet north of Fourteenth.
25x98, for $1900; fot on the east- side of Folsom
street, 125 feet north of - Fourteenth. - Boxl3a.
for $H0O; lot on the east aide °fF<asqm .street.
125 f»et south of Thirteenth, 50x142.. for $4400,
and four lots on the west side of Treat avenue,
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, lwx
110 feet, for *4500. . .. "..
Since the opening of the new Nineteenth
avenue boulevard from H street to -the
Ocean House road Baldwin & Howell have
found the block bounded by H and, l
streets and Eighteenth and Nineteenth
avenues the best and fastest selling prop
erty in the market. -Out of fifty lots In
the block about thirty are already dis
posed of to various buyers, some of whom
have commenced building on their hold
ings. William H. Thornley. who has the
distinction of being the pioneer on Nine
teenth avenue, has a handsome residence
going up on his site, and the work is be
ing rushed to completion. Mr. Thornley
expects 'to occupy his new home by about
April 1. Another prominent citizen has
Just bought five lots, including the corner,
or a total lot, comprising 100 feet front
age on the east line of Nineteenth aye
nue boulevard by 125 feet depth, fronting
on the north line of I street, on .which full
lot a magnificent structure will bo
started in the near future. Eighteenth
avenue is also receiving its due share of
attention, both sides of the avenue being
now on official grades and macadamized.
The prices, terms and low Interest of 6
per cent are within reach of most home
seekers, and the car facilities on H street
are excellent. Some six lots were sold
on Eighteenth avenue. A few minor sales
in Sunset district comprise lot 32:6x100 on
the southeast . corner of I street and
Twelfth avenue for $1600; the northwest
corner of I street and Ninth avenue, sold
by W. Sheehy to Delia Quinn for $1700.
size of lot 45x100. The Harrington house
on Ninth avenue, near street, was
bought by J. J. Krell for $2800.
Nearly three 50-varas belonging to the
People's Home Savings Bank, located on
both sides of Montgomery ayenue and ex
tending from Leaven worth to_Beach
streets, have been -bought by William
Knopf through O. D. Baldwin & Son, for
$7500. It is tie intention of the buyer to
build on the land. O. D. Baldwin & Son
have also sold the remainder of -the prop
erty on the northwest corner of California
and Jones streets, the corner. 115x105 feet,
having been sold • recently by the same
firm to Edward B. Hindes, who will erect
thereon a family hotel to cost $100,000. The
remaining piece Just sold commences 115
feet from the west line -of Jones^ street,
and has a frontage of 110 feet and a full
depth of 137:6 feet, and the price^paid Is
about $25,000. George E. Ames and W. M.
Thornton are the buyers.. They Intend to
build the best class of flats on the prop
erty. Both sales were made for the Mu
tual Savings Bank, which acquired the
entire property from the defunct Nob Hill
Development Company.
Miller, Sloss & Scott have taken a lease
for five years, with an option of five
years more, of the flf ty-vara lot on
northeast line of Main street. 13<rt feet
southeast of Folsom Street.. C. L. Tilden,
the owner, is erecting a lofty one-story
warehouse on this lot and the adjoining
lot on Spear street, half of which is
leased to Miller. Sloss & Scott. The rental
will be $300 a month for the term. The
lease was negotiated by Thomas Magee &
Sons. - „
The Yon Rhein Real Estate Company
sold at auction yesterday thirty-nine
pieces of realty formerly owned by Mar
cuse & Remmel. The property was sold
to satisfy a claim of about $20,000 which
the Puget Sound, Lumber Company held
against the firm.-.
lEas^on. Eldrldge & Co. announce that
they will have their first spring and sum
mer excursllon and auction sale at Fresno
on February 24, in the subdivision of the
well-known Ball vineyard, adjoining the
city limits of that city. The property is
being surveyed into five-acre villa lots,
each portion being Improved by a full
bearing vineyard, the crop being sold for
several seasons ahead, and the sale will
be made so that the purchasers will re
ceive the benefit of the marketing of this
reasons-- crop. The sale is announced for
2 o'clock In the afternoon on the property
on the date above mentioned.
The erection of four beautiful three
story flats is now in progress on EUIs
street, between Gough and Octavia. The
owner of the property 1b "William Wotf.
the wealthy produce * commission mer
chant, and the architects are Salfleld &
Kohlberg. The building will cover a lot
110 feet in width by 137:6 feetin depth,
and each of the twelve flats will contain
eight rooms. They will be modern In
every particular, with Incandescent light-
Ing, electric bells and speaking tubes. The
cost will approximate $40,000.
Sol Getz & Bro. report the following
sales: Four-room cottage and lot on
Twentieth avenue, : between Point Lobos
avenue and Clement . street,* for $1500; lot
25x100 on north line of.L street,' lo7:6 feet
east of Tenth avenue, for $850; lot 25x120
«» wut 11 n» of Twelfth, avenut. 175 t*»L
north of ,J, street, for $800; lot 25x100 on
south -line of Clement street, 107:6 feet
west of Twenty-second avenue, for $400;
lot 25x120 on east line of Twenty-ninth
avenue, 225 feet north of X street, for
$300; lot 25x100 on northwest line of Athena
street, 225 feet northeast of Persia ave
nue, for $250: lot 25x100 on south line of I
street, 107:6 feet east of Forty-eighth ave
nue, for $300.
Morris Einstein and wife have sold to
Henrietta Z. Ohrwall the property on the
south line of California street. 204:3 feet
west of Van Ness avenue, lot 30x137:6 feet,
on private terms.
Carl J. E. Harterius has bought of the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society the
property on the southwest 1 corner of
Dolores and Fifteenth streets, lot 71x140
feet, for $6500.
Henry Feige has purchased the lot on
the west line of Shotwell street, 215 feet
south of Nineteenth, and will erect a
dwelling to cost $3000 thereon.
The Callahan estate is having plans pre
pared for a modern seven-story building
to be erected on the gore at the corner of
Market and McAllister streets, nearly op
posite the Odd Fellows' building.
The officers of the Point Lobos Im
provement Club for 1900 are as follows:
George R. Fletcher, president; Edward
Glnley, first vice president; Charles R.
Hansen, second .vice president; Will P.
Johnson, secretary; Philip J. Ward, treas
urer; Charles Goodall, sergeant at arms;
John J. Cassidy, financial and correspond
ing secretary; executive committee —
James M. Watkins (chairman),- John J.
Cassidy (secretary), William A. Deane, D.
L. Fitzgerald, J. J. Duffy, H. U. Jaudln,
E. L. O Connor, F. L. Jones, George Ma
goonis, A. Hemenover and John.T. Wil
liams.
The loans of the city savings banks,
private capitalists and building associa
tions upon local realty for the week end-
Ing February 10 amounted to $271,235,
against $401,550 for the previous week. The
savings banks loaned a total of $205,020,
as follows: Hlbernia, $55.440; German
$83,830; San Francisco Savings Union, $700;
Savings and Loan, $8900; Humboldt. $2000;
Mutual. $5750; Security. $6400; French,
$&00D. The loans of the building associa
tions amounted to $4800. and those of pri
vate capitalists and others to $G1,415. The
German Savings made one loan of $70,000,
the Hibernia one of- $19,800 and three of
$15,000 each. .There was an outside loan of
$25,000 and one of $10,000, also from the out
side.
Eleven new building contracts, aggre
gating $66,038 In value, were filed for rec
ord during the week ending February 15.
Gladding, Mcßean & Co. contracted with
Hale Bros, to supply terra cotta. pressed
brick, etc., for thelatter's new building,
on Market street, near Sixth, at a cost of
$13,600; Maximilian Neutnan with Robert
Trost for grading, excavating, concrete
walls, etc.. to cost $14,76? on a lot on the
south side of Golden Gate avenue. 137:6
feet west of Jones street: Independent
Electric Light and Power Company, with
James Conlin, for iron and tin work and
roofing, to cost $8300, on main central
power station, between Humboldt and
Twenty-third streets, and on sub-stations
B and D; Herbert C. Moffatt, with W. J.
Weitch Bros., to build a frame residence,
for $7778, on the north line of Broadway,
137:6 feet east of Octavia street: D. Bern
stein, with William Horstmeyer & Co., to
build a three-story frame building, to cost.
$5774, on the north side of Sutter street.
112:6 feet east of Buchanan: Timothy Hop
kins, with Ferguson & Gore, to make al
terations and additions, costing $5500, to
a bricn. warehouse on the southeast line
of Bluxome street, 253:3 feet northeast of
Fifth; William Hathroth, with Commary
& Toms, alterations and additions to a
two-story frame building (flats), to cost
**w-, on the north side of Eddy street. 155
feet west of Devisadero. The other con
tracts of the week ranged in value from
$11 SO to $1740.
The Home Building Company, .of which
Robert Slaughter is president, has just
placed on the market the Forest Park
Tract. The tract occupies a very desir
able location adjoining Oakland, and is
convenient to the Oakland and San Lean
dro street car lines and within forty-five
minutes' ride of San Francisco by the
broad gauge. The tract has been divided
into half-acre lots, which will be sold to
home-seekers on exceptionally easy terms
and. at low prices. As described in the
prospectus the lots are in a "millionaires'
district at workingmen's prices." D.
Pratt, F. Pratt and J. W. Elrod are the
selling agents. .
Bids for the erection of ,a double draw
span bridge, etc., across the tidal' canal at
Fruitvale avenue, near Alameda. were re
cently received and opened by Major W.
H. Heuer, Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.
The bidders were as follows: Bentley
Construction Company, San Francisco,
CHALYS
L/llVll 1 IL^asiw?*
DEALS IN REAL, ESTATE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
ARMY CHAPLAIN
MACOMBER HAS
BEEN RETIRED
Reaches the Legal
Age Limit.
? ¦
FAVORITE WITH THE SOLDIERS
>
at.artta no LONGER IN DEPART
MENT OF CALIFORNIA.
•
Assistant Surgeon General Pope Will
Remain Here Until His Retire
ment From the Service — To
I>istribute Medals.
Chaplain John H. Macomber, U. S. A.,
was yesterday retired from active ser
vice in the army, having reached the age
limit, and will start for the East in a
few days, accompanied by his wife. .In
the year that the chaplain has been sta
tioned at the Presidio he has accom
plished a vast amount of good, and by
his unfailing devotion to the sick and
wounded soldiers who have come under
his spiritual care he has acquired a strong
hold on the affections of every officer and
enlisted man at the post. He has been
particularly solicitous for the comfort of
the invalid and suffering veterans at the
general hospital, and his unflagging zeal
in attending to their wants, together with
his purely routine duties, left him little
time for recreation.
Chaplain Macomber is a Civil War vet
eran, having enlisted as a private in Au
gust, 1862, In the First Vermont Heavy
Artillery. He served as a corporal, ser
geant and first lieutenant, and was brev
etted captain for gallant and meritorious
service in the battle before Petersburg.
He was severely wounded on the head
and shot through the body in this en
gagement. He was appointed chaplain in
the regular army in 1880, his first station
being- Fort Custer, Mont. He served at
Fort'Sherman, Idaho, from 1887 to 1593,
and at Angel Island from 1893 to 4899.
Official notice has been received by the
headquarters of the Department of Cali
fornia from A'ashington that the District
of Alaska is no longer included In this
military district.
Practically all the casuals at the Pre
sidio embarked on the transport Sherman
for Manila yesterday, under the command
of Major Cowles. Lieutenant Colonel B.
F. Pope, assistant surgeon general, U. S.
A., who expected to sail on the Sher
man, received orders at the last moment
to remain here and assigning him to tem
porary duty in this department. The
change in his orders was undoubtedly due
to the fact that he will shortly be re
tired.
The transport Grant Is expected In
about a week with 200 sick soldiers from
Manila. % The bodies of fifty dead soldiers
were yesterday shipped from the Presidio
to relatives in the East.
The remains of Charles Stultz, Company
H, First Dakota Volunteers, will be bur
ied in the National Cemetery at the Pre
sidio at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
The medal committee of the Native
Sons of the Golden West has solved the
problem of distributing the medals to
those soldiers who enlisted from Califor
nia in the war with Spain, but who re
enlisted in other regiments at the expira
tion of their terms of service and re
mained in the Philippines. Stuart Har
vey of the Compania Marltlma. a steam
ship company operating vessels from Ma
nila to other parts of the Philippines and
Asiatic ports, has been appointed as an
agent for the soldiers to gather their en
listment and discharge papers, and to
make application for the medals and cer
tificates. The papers of the soldiers of
California who are at Manila will be per
sonally scanned by him. Soldiers of com
mands distant from that point will have
their papers certified to Mr. Harvey by
their company commanders. The medals
will be sent to Mr. Harvey, who will look
after their proper distribution.
A board of army officers has been ap
pointed at Washington, with Colonel J. L.
Rogers of the Fifth Infantry as its pre
siding officer, to report upon all the de
tails deemed desirable In harbor charts
for the use of the coast artillery. The
board was appointed at the request of
General Wilson, chief of engineers.
A board of officers, to consist of Captain
Frank West of the Sixth Cavalry and
Lieutenants R. F. Gardner and H. C.
Evans of the Third Artillery, has been
appointed to report upon the loss of cer
tain stores for which Major J. M. Carson,
quartermaster of the transport Thomas,
Is responsible.
And Worn-out Worried Mothers Find
Comfort in CUTICURA.
SOME MONTHS AGO OUR BABY'S HEAD GOT SORE. "We took
him to the doctor, who pronounced it poison and gave us some medicine
£jH± _a& which did no good. His head got so bad
*^^ *** would cry all night, and my wife could
-/ff?!|^» sleep nouo » * nd beg 1111 to look ghostly.
C-/'--* tCI hf)r s * ica< * - 0 * 80 lor * ttat w ® P ut a n 'g^*
Ik** (I C *P on n^ m » -° d folded » white cloth four
tt thicknesses inside of it, and just through
\I I l%i\&^La tlie n 'S ht a of matter would ooze out
P* l^-^! /@£*si\Jl ' rom his nead » soaked through the cloth
} M * n^ ca p and ° n to the p iiiow - Th 6 4 °p
/ ~*>^^^~^^*n»^ PU^l * n^ ac^ c °^ S head was almost a solid
y\£r^-r- ~J^fentyy sore » an(^ looked 3° badly that words would
f/ £j^"^Tj^ _^f not describe it. Almost in despair I told
-IP^v m ? w^ e ' ia<^ BCen Cuticura Rkmediks
/v \ adrertbed and recommended very highly
/fa *&g&^ iijlg an(^ * W:ls E°' n S to tr y ' uom - I bought
J|k < (j^ / ' / '^y\ t ' 3o CUTICL'RA ReSOLVKXT, CUTICURA
Av7 " £4f Soap, and Cuticura Ointment. We gave
/~Qf . \ \ him half of the Resolvent, used part of
iM / w =>& the cake of Soap, and before wo had used
A \\*jSdP t^ e second box of Cuticura Ointment he
/ /'/! '''J^Ssr^ commenced to get bettor, and is now as
A t/yfH*« i vr\ we^ an< * eartT M anybody*! boy. He is
ItK.tjs...^ 7/ [${)§& Kur as merry as a lark, sleeps soundly all night,
*?ss^fy())ftiwJr^Jr an^ Ws halr looks S lossT » thick, and soft.
vLJi while my wife looks like a different woman,
«fi3^*- ""' Hook at him and think I owe it to you and
to suffering mankind to write and tell you of this almost wonderful cure.
,W. W. & J. B. MYERS, Box 90, Munroe City, Ind.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
Consisting of Ccticuba Boapv-oc), to cleanse the tkin of cratU and
J.» ______ *c»lwii_di(_u_th« thickentd cuUele; Cuticura Ointmekt (60c).
¦ lIP BE b? 1 •_ to Imtantly klley itching, lnflftmniaiioa, and lrriuilon, and soothe »nd
\maWUl Cl heal; and'Crnr-CRA Ke*oi.text (f*c), to cool and cleame th« blood.
' A 3iNGi.r set 1* ofu-neufiScient to cure the moit torturing, diifliruriag,
TUP CPT %\ Oh and humilUanf ckUt, sc-lp, and blood hnmon, with lorn of hair, wheq
I nL Ou I T 4>l .Z.J ail eIM faila. PoTTBB DbCO a>O C_B_. Corp., Sole Prop§., Boston.
•"How to Ccro Daby Hun lort," Iree.
lap. Kearny st/^^' B ''
Write for our. illustrated catalogue.
Mme. Cecile Hardy "Will Sing.
At the Spanish Church of Nuestra Senora
de GuadaLupe this morning Mme. Cecile
Hardy will Bln^ the "Aye Maria," by
Lriuci Luzzl, during the offertory.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBHSEMENTB.
THE FRIBOO BOYS,
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
*^^V B^taSBBBBsW. f ' "3 VET f^
111. 113. US. H7. H9. 121 POST STREET.
Clean
Eye-Glasses
With diluted ammonia a to n and en* erf oaa
selvrt cloths, free to every wearer of Us* c-t»
clip; don't slip, tilt or waver.
Oculists' • ifrescrlptlons filled. Qnlek r*pa£r«
ing-. Factory on premises. Phoo*. Mala IX
OPTICIA^»S^ mJS^PHICAPPARATU3,m JS^PHlCAPPARATU3,
. HHOTO^ SCIENTIFIC *
642 Market st. i»stru ( mjn73
n CWICHESTCR'3 CNQLISH
PEHfWRQYAL PiLLS
B 7--<v Original un.l Only Geaulntk
P-T^^i/NSAFE. Al»»r«re;i»W«. I.ud!r~. i«v nnif'rt
t- <( C&U 6>r CIUCII-LSTEK'S KNGLISIX
•w — TVi *h with blue rtbbra. Take no ut.'ier. Kt-fu ••
"M 9^ TiJ Daiccoaa Aakstltntion* sad lmlia-
I " i — flf tlen«. Boy »f joor Dra«i»t. or lend l<s In
IU» I yff •t»mr» ftr Partlcalnr*. Testimonial*
I W 19 »° J "Relief tnr Ladle*," in Uti*r, br r«»
\* * if tan Mall. 10,000 T«jUmoni.\>. BoM by
- "f all DracslM*. Ckiekeatar Cheaaleal V-,.
tfam&* tM* »v«. M*iX»*m 0«u*«. Vllil***. V-ii
M 9Jj gi RSI ?M "^J ti *T?~ > Jl
CASH OR UTTLE-AT-A-Tmß. \
Jllg-fc n onosually laree
.„ •?_j" consignment of Go-
APPIVed Carts, fitted with
Go-Carts and ««din Z backs,
Baby Carriages £?SU,
$4.50 tO $20. couchej.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), j
ton - toaa Mission sthsbt,
ABOVE SIXTH. \
Piaai Bonth li. Baa rnaeto*
Send 5c tn stamp* for n&w fm altar* catalog.
;; Palace and i
: Grand Hotels I
< ¦ Fcr nearly a quarter of a century th» < '
- ¦ leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. < '
< ' With added ImDrovements and con- < ¦
< , venlences they continue to be the head- < 1
quarters for tourists and travelers vis- - .
I Uln * "%£? "c^KhIKPATRICK. V,
f Manager. *
22• 'JAfiS CORLETTE and her mother are reconciled.
• yyv/\ Yesterday afternoon she called on Mrs. Barrail
"ll )&> ac - Not many words passed between them. The
• ** mother stretched out her arms. May fell upon her
• neck. There were murmured "Forgive" nnd "God bless *
" you" and then the ready tears came to their relief and
\ anger and bitterness was a thine of the past.
When May Corlette- makes her debut with the Bosto
. nlans In Oakland, a week from Monday night; the mother
• who so strenuously objected to her going . on the stage
' wlll.be there to witness her daughter's triumph. »{£-: *>.*-;
\ Mrs. Barraillac's objection to her daughter's devotion to
! music was based on an overscrupulous, simple, loving par
• ent's fear that for the girl that steps out and beyond her
natural surroundings there is danger.
"Music brought May in Contact with people who were
more comfortable than she," she explained, "and I feared
that this gllmp'se of ease and luxury might give her tastes
that she could not gratify." *
Mrs. Barraillac was not won over easily. Friday morn
ing, shortly after 6 o'clock, her little girl stole over, to
her home on Fulton street and roused her. "Mother,", she |
said, "I have not slept a wink all night and -I came over to
see you before you got the morning paper."
"What have you done?" said the mother. •
"I have Joined the Bostonlans,". faltered the -girl.
Mrs. Barraillac gasped with fear. "Never, speak to; me -
again," she said and May, heart-broken, wandered away.'-
When the interviewer sought Mrs. Barraillac she was
still laboring under the excitement of the news her -
daughter had brought her. Her eyes were red and swollen. :
"I shall never forgive, May," she said, "never.". Grad
ually, however, anger gave place to a mother's! solicitude
and pride and she began to question as to the future dossl-
bllltles of her daughter. . "If she-should' not succeed,", she
cried. "Ah, but she is a good, noble girl and -must. ' She
has a grand voice." The upshot of it all was that a tender
•¦ message was. sent to. the daughter that is going on the
stage, and the reconciliation, is' now complete. " '..'..
As for May herself,' she. has 'not yet -entirely recovered
from the surprise of Thursday, "when" Mac Donald asked
her to Join, his' famous organization. * :
"The flrst night," she explained: yesterday,; "I did not
Bleep a wink._ Only to-day I. am beginning to realize all
that this may "mean to^me. Perhaps soon I will be able to
. have all I need and I 'am going to earn 'it . all with my.
music. I am not making .any preparations to. go. away. !
I can't. I have not l the: means to. I shall just have to
make the best of it. ;I;*am goingto study, hard and .work
hard and hope to succeed." » ¦ • .
~ Miss Corletteihas made rio plans for. the future. She
has never let her modest little self think further than the
possibility that one day t she might be fortunate enough to
get a position with an opera company. Such a thing as
grand opera has never entered -her unpretentious little
head. When . asked If she had any ambitions In that dlrec- '
tlon she said: "Oh, if. l only^ dared think of It!" [
Miss Corlette.wlll sing "in "The » "Viceroy" on Monday, .
February 26,' In" Oakland. On the 4th of March she will .
leave with the | Bostonlans for the East. Although a hand- .
satchel will now more than comfortably carry all the little .
girl's personal effects. It is more* than probable that when •
ehe returns to us it will be as a famous contralto with a ¦
: maid and numberless Saratogas and scrapbook»v crammed ¦
"" with favorable notices, "and all the other accessories of a >
'great diva. - - ¦ •• • . .
"Don't you' think that all that will come to pass?" she ¦
was asked.- ; . • -'-¦'•
"If I only dared hope,'-' she modestly said. '
District Attorney Byington, Satisfied Perjury
Prevails, Will take Steps to Have
the Guilty Parties Punished.
yj TTORNEY LOUIS F. DUNAND; a man of unquestioned
integrity, is one of the latest witnesses upon whom Mrs.
; Craven zvill rely to prove her claim to being the widow of
the late James G. Fair. Dunand's testimony will have a special
bearing on the Sausalito ceremony and zvill go to substantiate the
original story told by Justice Simpton. The exclusive publication
in The Call yesterday of the testimony that zvill be given for Mrs.
Craven by B. F. Lamborn proved to be the sensation of the day.
Yesterday the attention of the District Attorney was called to the
.evidence of perjury and bribery in the case and he has decided to
take immediate steps to bring the matter before the Grand Jury.
mltted and promised to put forth his best
efforts to bring the guilty parties to Jus
tice. The Grand Jury will be asked to
Investigate the charges, and aside from
the action it may take warrants may ba
issued for several of the principals in the
scandal. It was suggested to tho District
Attorney that he delay action In the cases
until after the Fair trial, now In prog
ress, should be terminated, but he took a
view similar to that of Pence & Pence,
that no time should be lost in putting a,
stop to the methods that are being prac
ticed in the Craven- Fair litigation.
Whichever side Is encouraging crime It la
the intention of the authorities to have
the guilty ones punished.
The statement made by Ben F. Lam*
born, the City Clerk of Alameda. pub
lished exclusively in The Call of yester
day, produced a sensation equally as great
as Simpton's sudden change of heart.
Lamborn was somewhat surprised that
his story became public. He hastened to
this side of the bay early yesterday morn-
Ing and at once sought an Interview with
Mrs. Craven's attorneys. At the close of
the conference his lips were sealed. When
seen at his home in Alameda laat night
he refused positively to make any far
ther statement concerning the case, dis
missing the matter with the assertion
that when the proper time arrived ho
would tell h!a whole story.
Nowhere has the sensational develop^
ments In the litigation aroused more ex
citement than In Sausalito, where Attor
ney Sylva and Justice Slmpton reside. A
detachment of detectives, acting In tho
interests of both sides of the litigation,
are posted around Sylva's home and
sleuths greet every Incoming train and
boat.
Simpton essayed to gro around town yes
terday, but he was guarded by two Cur
tin men. He states that this Is a precau
tionary measure taken in view of the fact
that he Is being shadowed. The Judge,
while endeavoring to assume an off-hand
manner, has been visibly affected by the
tension which has been placed upon him
during the last few days. His faca
twitches involuntarily while he talks, and
in a shaking hand he holds a cigar, which
from time to time he nervously chews.
"I feel perfectly secure as to the out
come." he said to a Call representative.
"I have been acting In the interests of
law and honesty and feel that my conduct
should earn me the recognition of •very,
honest man."
Sylva absolutely refused to discuss tha
case or his connection with it.
the charter to give the power to tho Su
pervisors over the telephone company?
Certainly. I have a paper to that intent
in my pocket that I wished to Introduce
last Monday, but the time passed before
I had the opportunity. I am in favor of
such an amendment. I would vote for it.
Supervisor Tobin— The local govern
ment should most decidedly have the right
to regulate the tolls of any corporation
that cl'arges so exorbitantly- as the tele
phone corporation. It is, of course, a
question of law, but If we cannot do it
there should be a commission, such as the
Bank Ccmmisslon, to attend to them. I
am not sure as to how the charter can
be amended so as to cover this apparent
defect.
Supervisor Curtis — The charter
should certainly contain a clause giving
the Supervisors the power to regulate all
these, corporations that supply public
warts. Gas, water, telephone and similar
ccrcerns should all •be treated alike. I
em not prepared to say just now how we
should go about the task.
Supervisor Helms— Telephone corpor
ations should have no more privileges
than other corporations. I thought there
was a clause in the charter that cave us
the right to regulate telephones. If it be
missing. It should certainly be put in as
fast as possible. I do not know whether
it would be advisable to hold another spe
cial election at this time.
Supervisor Connor— l have not given
the matter any thought, but while I do
not see why there should be any discrim
ination between corporations I do not
think it advisable to hold a special election
at this time, when we are bankrupt. ¦ If
we should vote bonds to. make up the de
ficiency in the city's income perhaps we
oov.ld at the same time pass upon an
amendment to the. charter placing tele
phone companies under our control. '
Supervisor D^rver — I cannot see why
telephone companies should not be sub
ject to the same legislation as other cor
porations, but as I have not given the
Manslaughter Not Proved.
The charges of manslaughter against J.
K. McCarthy and W. I*. Blakeslee were
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday, as
there was no evidence to support It. Dur
ing'a fight In South San Francisco on
January 1 Francois Rachow was hit on
the head with a stone. He continued to
work for three weeks and was then Bent
to the French Hospital, where he died on
January 28. McCarthy and Blakeslee were
accused of being responsible for his death.
STEAMER SABINE
SEIZED BY THE BRITISH
PORT ELIZABETH. Feb. 13.— The Brit
ish steamer Sablne, Captain Taylor, from
New York' January 14 with a miscella
neous cargo, has been seized by the Brit-
ish gunboat Thrush and brought to Algoa
Bay on suspicion of having on board ar
ticles contraband of war.
Before the Sablne sailed from Xew York
it was rumored that she had on board a
large quantity of provisions, arms and
ammunition, army blankets and general
supplies, but no confirmation of the rumor
could be obtained. The vessel was cleared
for Delagoa Bay.
War Tax on Stock Transfers.
United States Internal Revenue Collec
tor John C. Lynch issued yesterday a
circular to brokers and others Interested
in stocks giving the decision* of the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue on certain
disputed points regarding the war tax.
In the circular Mr. Lynch says that the
war revenue act taxes transfers as well
as sales. of stock, and that the decisions
have always been that this tax covers all
changes of legal title to or from trustees,
though the beneficiary remains the- same.
Fire Department Changes.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday,
when a communication from the Eureka
Valley Improvement Club was read, ask- .
Ing that an engine-house be erected in tha
district. ,As there are no funds the com
munication was placed on file. William
Cunningham of truck 8 resigned and
David Wright was appointed to fill the
vacancy. Fred Orr was appointed to en
gine 27. John Riley drayman to the de
partment, Timothy Haley*t>lacksmith and
John Cranipton watchman and. helper.
MAY CORLETTE.
Boys' school shoes for 85c a pair, worth
$1 73, at the sale of shoes, 717 Market st *
GLORIOUS ANTHEM
WINS GOLDEN MEDAL
DR. STEWART IS HONORED TTt
THE ORGANISTS' GTJHJ>.
Golden Decorations to Be His Reward
. for Music That Has Set tho
East a-Talking.
To Dr. H. J. Stewart, organist of Trln»
ity Church, the American Guild of Or
ganists has awarded the gold medal for
the beat composition suitable for church
use. and from all Information received
from the East Dr. Stewart's anthem. "I
Beheld, and 10, a Great Multitude," will
rank for the rest of the years to coma
with the classics.
Dr. Stewart's triumph Is no small one.
The American Guild of Organists has rep
resentation In every city of size In Amer
ica, with headquarters in New. York. The
greatest musicians of the country are Its
members, and It was against theso thac
Dr. Stowart matched his musical art and
ability. To add to his credit is that the
award was made unanimously by the
Judges.
Shortly after Easter San Franciscans
will be offered an opportunity to hear the
new anthem. As written at present tho
music is solely for the organ, but Dr.
Stewart is orchestrating it, and Easter
week promises a feast as a result. It re
quires twenty minutes at least In Its ex
ecution. The flrst three verses are an
opening chorus; the fourth verse is car
ried by a quartet, and the last verse ends
in a chorus and sublime fugue. For the
flrst time the medal is to come Into the
West, and many of the prominent mem
bers of the guild will be present Easter
week to see that with proper ceremonial
it is bestowed upon the musician who
has brought so great a victory homo to
the musicians of San Francisco.
MRS. HEARST ORDERS
THE GREAT WORK BEGUN
NEW TJNIVEBSITY A THING OF
THE NEAR FUTURE.
Architect Benard Is Busy Adapting
and Making Practical His Orig- ,
inal Flans.
The nlans drawn by M. Benard. the
famous French architect, for the new
California University, are to be simplified
before the are built upon, and M. Benard
Is already at work in Paris upon the mod
ified draft. Up to the time that Archi
tect Benard submitted his plans to the
jury of architects he j had not surveyed
the ground upon which the buildings were
to be erected, and because of this some
minor changes will prove necessary. His
scheme, as a totality, however, will be
carried out. and the first building, the
residence of the president of the univer
sity, will be begun during the present
year.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst, thanks to whose gen
erosity the brilliant future of the Univer
sity of California is due, has issued to
the public a concise statement and his
tory of the recent architectural contest
and as well, a handsomely bound volume
in which are printed the plans of M. Be
nard and the most worthy of his com
petitors, together with a running descrip
tion of them in the languages of those
who took part In the competition.
As Mrs. Hearst says, it will take time
and plenty of it to carry out the magnifi
cent plans which Benard has drawn, but
at the same time she makes the signifi
cant announcement that the work will be*
begun at once. M. Benard, In fact, prom
ises to have his revised plans ready by
October lof this year. The mining build
ing will be the second to be put in course
of construction.*
The new buildings proposed number
twenty-flve, and according to the state
ment made by Mrs. Hearst, they will av
erage in cost about $400,000 each. The to
tal cost, covering all, at a liberal esti
mate, would not exceed $13,000,000. As
planned" now by Mrs. Hearst, the presi
dent's home, the mining building, the ad
ministration offices, the auditorium and
the library and gymnasium will be 1 the
first to be constructed, and will rise in the
order in which they are named.
MAT CORLETTE'S MOTHER IS RECONCILED
TO HER DAUGHTER'S OPERATIC CAREER
LOUIS F. DUNAND.
Attorney Dunand, formerly a
resident of San Rafael, is one of
the new witnesses discovered by
Mrs. Craven's attorneys. He is the
mysterious "third party" spoken of
by Sylva and Judge Slmpton. Du
nand will testify that months be
fore the time when it is charged
Mrs. Craven offered Slmpton $10,000
to concoct the marriage ceremony
story he (Simpton) stated that he
had performed the marriage be
tween Fair and Mrs. Craven.
request he went to Slmpton and made him
the offer of $10,000 to play the part that
had been planned for him by the alleged
conspirators.
Mr. Dunand is the attorney for one of
the Consuls of a Central American repub
lic. He is at present in Central America,
attending to some mining business In
which he is Interested, and Is expected to
return to this city in the near future.
The charges of bribery and perjury
which are now forming such a prominent
part in the celebrated case are to be
sifted to the bottom by the authorities
District Attorney Byington had the whole
matter presented to him yesterday by
Attorneys Pence & Pence, and he agreed
with them that an offense had been corn-
Citizens Will Be Called Upon to Give the
City Authorities Power to Supervise
and Regulate the Monopoly.
' J Supervisors have determined that the telephone monop-
J[ oly of this city shall not profit by the crafty scheme which
its agents worked in the charter convention to evade respon
sibility to the city authorities and regulation of its rates and tariffs
by the Board of Supervisors.
The Supervisors have determined, under the leadership of Su
pcrz'isor McCarthy, therefore, that steps shall be taken at once to
amend the charter to give the board the right to fix telephone rates.
A resolution will shortly be introduced and will zvithout doubt be
adopted and will then be submitted to the people for their indorse
ment.
THE agitation to bring the local tele
phone monopoly under the super
vision of the municipal authorities
and to treat it as other great cor
porations pupplyjng public utilities
are treated under the charter is al
ready bearing splendid fruit. The Board
cf Supervisors sees the gross favoritism
which hap been shown to the telephone
company. The members of the board have
fome knowledge of the crafty scheme
through which all mention of the tele
phone monopoly was omitted from the
charter. They recognize that a grave in
justice has be.»n done by dishonest and
cjuestionable means upon the people of
6an Frar.c'.sco. and a majority of the
board, following the lead of Supervisor
McCarthy In ihls matter, are determined
to remedy the evil.
Supervisor McCarthy has made a close
Ftudy of the question of telephone fares in
American cities. He is equipped with facts
ar.d figures to prove the tremendous ex
tortion of the local company, and he Is
preparing an order providing for an
cmcr.dment to the charter which he will
jiresent to the board. This amendment
will give to the Supervisors the right of
Fupervision over telephone companies and
the power to establish and fix rates for all
Fuch corporation?. An overwhelming ma
jority of the Supervisors are in favor cf
Fuch an amendment, so there is reason to
lielieve that the people of the city will
r.ot be cheated out of the rights which
crafty attorneys of the company have
eiolen from them.
The order which Supervisor McCarthy
•will present to the Supervisors must pass
through several stages before it will be
come a law and operative. It must flrst
fee adopted by the Board of Supervisors,
according to the provisions of the fitate
constitution. The Election Commission
must then present the order to the people
at a special or a general election, and the
people mvs t then adopt it by a three-fifths
vote. After this one step remains— the
amendment thus adopted must be ratified
ls\- the State Legislature, and with that
ratification the amendment becomes a
law.
It '.s universally conceded that the mat
ter should be taken up at once and that
c special election should be held. Some of
Ihe Supervisors are inclined to bellevo thm
a petition from fifteen per cent of the
voters who cast their ballots at the last
election is necessary to call a special elec
iloru Others Jo not think that such •» pe
tiilon is required, and that the Supervisors
reed only to demand of the Election Com
mission to call the election. To prevent
jfr.y possible Illegality the City Attorney
will be asked for his opinion.
One of the Supervisors thinks that the
rharter cannot be amended for two years,
but a strict reading of the State constitu
tion will show that there Is nothinc to
prevent such amendment at once, the only
restriction being that after the flrst
amendment has been adopted another
cannot be made until two years have
elapsed.
The Justice of the amendment no one
questions. It is known positively that the
telephone monopoly was saved from su
pervision and regulation through a plot.
The crafty corporation had at least one
representative among the freeholders and
he saw that the telephone company was
not molested in its piracy. The fraud of
emission was pot discovered until after
the charter was printed and then an em
phatic protest was mad«s but it was too
late. The Supervisors seem determined,
therefore, to correct the evil which has
l>een done.
Of all the gigantic corporations which
have for years sucked their tremendous
profits from the purse of complacent San
Francisco the telephone company is least
hampered in its practical larcenies by
er.y provisions of law. By deliberate con
r.lvance one at least of those who framed
the new basic law of the municipality
quite overlooked Mr. Sabin's philanthrop
ic monopoly and surrounded Mr. .Sabin's
thousands of patrons with no safeguards
epainst the well exercised acqisitiv* pro
clivities of his company. Spring Valley
"Water, the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company and its numerous profitable
tranches and the power companies are to
t certain extent hedged In by legislation
which circumscribes to a large degree
their earning capacity and gives the con
turner of their wares a fair chance of get
ting value received for his cash donations.
It Is otherwise, however, with the Pa
dfl'J Telephone Company. That organi
sation Is accountable to no one save its
president for its profits or for its ex
penses. In law there is no limit to the
c-xtortion it may practice nor does the
company recognize any limit. Under the
present conditions it may go along In the
uneven tenor of its way, charging a dif
ferent rate for every customer and man
ipulating its niekel-in-the-slot machines
In such a manner that they become sta
tionary pickpockets in the home of every
one who Is unfortunate enough to need
It was thought at first that the charter
carried a provision which would at least
mitigate these conditions; but after a
careful study of the city's new municipal
law Supervisor William M. McCarthy dis
covered that although gas, electric and
¦water companies come within the super
vision and direction of the Board of Su
pervisors, the telephone company does
not. Each year the other corporations are
compelled to appear before the board with
Ftateraenta of their earnings and ex
penses, in order that the board may fix
a. reasonable minimum rate which . they
may charge for their x commodities.
Etrarge to Bay, however, the telephone
company is not amenable to these pro
visions.
Supervisor McCarthy propose* to place
the telephone company in the same cate
tory aa the others. For weeks ha has 1
been studying closely the telephone situa
.tion and has made many startling discov
eries. He has learnod that the local com
pany is almost If not quite the largest of
Its kind in America; also that its tolls are
nearly 100 per cent higher than others. He
Is convinced that the telephone-using pub
lic of San Francisco is the victim of one
of the most outrageous cinches that ever
disgraced a municipal government, and
shortly he will attempt so to amend the
charter that Mr. Sabin's company will be
governed by the same law that governs
the other corporations. He is having pre
pared at the present time the resolution
carrying the necessary amendment, and
will have it ready for submission to the
board within the next ten days.
If the board adopts it— and there is
small doubt that it will— the amendment
will next go before the people either at
the coming: general election or at a special
election called for the purpose before that
time.
"My idea is." said Mr. McCarthy, in
speaking of his project yesterday, "to
place the telephone company, with the
other local monopolies, under the super
vision of the Board of Supervisors and
then establish a flat rate for telephone
service, which will assure a reasonable
profit to the company and protection for
the patrons against the present system
of extortion. Five or six per cent at the
most is a fair profit for a corporation of
this sort. To give you an Idea of what
its profits must be— the Metropolitan Com
pany of New York invested 5000,000 in its
plant, and in five years its net profits
amounted to J2.840.000. Compared with
the local telephone company, the gas and
water companies are novices in the art of
cinching patrons. The Metropolitan Com
pany charged an annual rate of $60 on all
telephones — about half the rate charged
by the Pacific Company. You may draw
from that what its profits foot up. I pro
pose as a remedy that the charter be
amended, and I will soon offer to the
board a -resolution embodying the neces
sary amendment. I am confident it will
meet with little if any opposition."
Seventeen of the eighteen Supervisors
were seen yesterday and nearly all of
them agreed with Mr. McCarthy that an
immediate remedy is necessary and that
the plan he proposed seemed most feas
ible. In fact. Mr. McCarthy's amendment
bids fair to be popular with about every
one save Mr. Sabin. Concerning it the
members of the board declared them
selves as follows:
Supervisor Boxton— l am in favor of
en amendment to the charter to give the
Supervisor's the power to regulate thy: tel
ephone rates. I would votfl for such nn
amendment, and I am confident thac most
cf the other Supervisors feel the same
v/a y.
Supervisor Duboce— Yes. I think that
the telephone company ought to cc as
much subject to regulation as are the
water, gas and other corporations that
use the street* and give public service. I
would vote for an amendment to tlfe char
ter to give the Supervisors the necessary
power.
Supervisor Jenniners— l cannot say
off-hand whether I would vote to amend
the charter to give the regulation of the
telephone to the Supervisors; but I see no
reason why all the corporations that have
public privileges and give public service
bhot'ld not be subject to the same degree
of regulation by the Supervisors.
Supervisor Booth— l am in favor of
amending the charter to make the tele
phone company subject to regulation by
the Supervisors. I would certainly vole
for an amendment to effect that.
Supervisor Reed— The charter needs
amendment to give the Supervisors the
Fame degree of control over the telephone
that they now have In reference to the
other semi-public corporations that use
the streets. The Call had an excellent edi
torial on the eubject. I will vote for the
amendment suggested, but I believe that
the charter cannot be amended for two
years.
Supervisor Fontana— l, would have to
give the. matter of amending the charter
to bring the telephone service under ree
ulation by the t-upervlsors some thought,
for I have never considered the matter. I
Jo not care to fay anything more about
the matter until I have thought it over.
Supervisor d'Ancona— Would I amend
WHILE the forces engineering the
Fair end of the Craven-Fair lit
igation are resting on their
oars, apparently satisfied that
they have blown the opposition
out of the water with. the Slmpton bomb
shell, Mrs. Craven's attorneys have
not been Idle and have prepared a
few counter-sensations which they Intend
to spring in Judge Troutt's court Monday
morning. They are also getting the evi
dence together by which they expect to
prove that the Marin Justice of the Peace
told the truth when he made a deposition
to the effect that he had performed the
ceremony which made Senator Fair and
Mrsi Craven man and' wife and that he
committed perjury when he subscribed to
an affidavit -In which he claimed he had
fabricated in his flrst sworn statement.
Among the' important witnesses upon
whom Mrs. Craven will rely to puncture
holes in Simpton's latest story is Louis
F. Dunand, formerly a resident of San
Rafael, an attorney of prominence and a
man who bears an enviable reputation
among all who know him. Attorney Sylva
in his • early statements of the Slmpton
ceremony frequently made mention of a
third party who was. present when the
Justice of the Peace gave out the Infor
mation that he had married Fair and Mrs.
Craveni Louis" F. Dunand was that party.
His testimony will go to prove that many
months previous to the time when it was
charged that Mrs. Craven offered to pay
Simpton and Sylva $10,000 to concoct the
ceremony story Slmpton had stated in
Dunand's hearing and in the presence of
Sylva. that he possessed evidence that
would be valuable to Mrs. Craven's side
of the litigation, and finally volunteered
the information that he had married the
millionaire and the woman who is now
fighting for a snare of his property.
¦It is expected that it will be shown by
the testimony of Dunand that that was
the flrst Sylva knew of Simpton's connec
tion with the affairs of Mrs. Craven and
the'late Senator Fair. This would be in
direct contradiction of the statement of
Sylva that the whole story was oulined
to him by Mrs. Craven and that at her
Steps to Be Taken Immediately to Amend
the Charter and Remedy the Evil.
WITNESS WHO WILL PUNCTURE
THE SYLVA-SIMPTON STORY
Louis Dunand Relied Upon by Mrs. Craven to
Prove the Sausalito Ceremony.
SUPERVISORS WILL SUPPRESS .
LOCAL TELEPHONE OUTRAGES
matter much thought I will not pronounce
judgment at' this time.- -. ; •¦
Supervisor Masruire— l have not given
the subject any thought and do not wish
to express myself hastily. I cannot see.
though, why all such corporations should
not be treated alike. •
Supervisor Comte — There should be
power vested in the Board of .Supervisors
to control the i propensities of such cor
poratlons as "telephone companies. I^un
derstand that the Judiciary committee of
the board of freeholders omitted the tele
phone company from supervision because
of a belief that such a clause would be
illegal. This can hardly be the casa, for
if it be right to regulate gas and water
it surely cannot be wrong to attend to the
telephone companies.
Supervisor Brandenst«in— l doubt
the wisdom of leaving to any legislative
body the regulation of concerns requiring
co much expert knowledge, but bo long aa
we are empowered to fix gas and water
rates . I cannot see why telephones . and
similar utilities should not be included. It
was the purpose of the charter to attend
to all these things. I will not say off-hand
if we have the legal right to take the
step proposed by Supervisor McCarthy, i
Supervisor Sanderson— l do not care
to express any opinion, for I have not
looked into the matter at all. . I am net
tied to the telephone company nor to any"
other corporations, but I do not care to
give an opinion off-hand.
REI/TEF IS DEMANDED.
The Mission Federation Asks for a
Special Election to. Amend
the Charter.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs has been quick to Bee the necessity
for immediate consideration of the evil
represented by the .' telephone monopoly
and last night the following, strong reso
lutions, addressed to. the Board of Su
pervisors, were. adopted:
Itesolved. That we hereby express our disap
proval of the policy of extortion practiced by
the local telephone corporation, and we demand
that the Board of Supervisors make regula
tions, !f possible, under the charter, to force
the manacers of this insolent monopoly to sl\-e
an honest return for the money tendered It by
the telephone-uslnc public; further
Resolved, That, belli* aware of the lack of
suitable legislation in the charter that would
cover the illeeal ' and extortionate methods of
the telephone managers, the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs would recommend to
the Supervisors that prcVlsion be made to secure
such, legislation by a special election; and fur
ther • .
Resolved, That civic organizations and fair
minded citizen;" be requested to direct attention
to other amendments to the charter that might
be submitted at the proposed special election.
! Pages 23 to 32 \
SAX FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
¦
j Pages 23 to 32 j
«*-???? + ????-?¦?????? ?? > ttf4
supervisor McCarthy.
Supervisor McCarthy has made
a close study of the question of
telephone fares in American cities.
He Is equipped with facts and fig
ures to prove the tremendous ex
tortion of the local company, and
he is preparing an order providing
for an amendment to the charter
which he will present to the board.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 had an
"at home" In Loyola Hall at the Tenth
and Market street headquarters last
Wednesday night, when those present
were entertained with an address by Pres
ident Miss Katio Buckley; a piano solo by
Miss Florence Dempsey; mandolin and
piano duet. Mi«s Celia Young and Georgia
McPherson; fancy" dance, little Fanni*
Dohertv; vocal solo. Miss Mac Mulcire;
jig dancing. Miss . Katie Buckley and
Hannah Fitzpatrick. and a cakewalk by
Frances r>orterty and Anita Cussack.
after which there was a collation. The
evening closed with dancing. Josie Soea.
Florcnre Dempsey. Mary Morgan and
Kittle Burke were the committee on en
tertainment.
VEREIN EINTRACHT.
Nearly Four Thousand People Attend
Its Masquerade Ball.
About four thousand people were In tha
Mechanics' Pavilion last night to attend
the masquerade given by the Vereln Ein
tracht. The feature of the evening was
the carnival procession, made up of four
floats and three hundred members of tha
verein. The proce^inn was headed by
\oung ladies as heralds, followed by vari
ous nationalities in costume, a float rep
resenting a scene In early California, then,
the settlement of people of that time.' The
cecond division represented the Orient
with a float called the Indian Temple of
Juggernaut. There were many following
In Oriental costumes. The third division
renresented Germany and the float waa
the camp of Wallenstein. surrounded and
followed by soldiers of the time. Tha
fourth division was devoted to Princo
Carnival and his suite. The float on which,
the prince rode with the princess waa In
the shape of a gigantic gaudy butterfly.
This was .followed by clowns, ladies In
court dress and a. number of people in fan
tastic costumes. . .
When the procession was dismissed
those who were masked took possession
of the floor for dancing. There wer»
many costumes, a few bcirijr rich and sev
eral original. The arrangement commit
tee was John Hartmansherm. H. C. F.
Stahl and Casper Mueller, and these wera
assisted by a large force of floor commit
teemen.
TENNIS IN FULL SWING.
Active Preparations for California
Club's Tournament, on Wash- . .
ington's Birthday.
All is life and action on the Bush and
Scott street courts these days. On Thurs
day next, Washington's birthday, the
class singles tournament for gentlemen
will be played morning and afternoon. Joe
Daily and George Whitney have had the
entire management of affairs and the
tournament promises to bo a success in
every particular.
The social feature of the tournament
will not be neglected. There will be two
distinct breaks in the play owing to the
serving of luncheon from 12 till 2 in the
clubhouse. AH the members of the club
have been Invited not only to enter the
tourname.it but to be on hand during the
luncheon hour, and a large atendance la
expected.
The tournament players will be divided
Into four classes. The winners of each
class will receive prizes, and there will
also* be two extra prizes to be awarded
to the winner of the tournament and the
runner-up. Joe Dally will fix the handi
caps to be allowed the winners of classes
in the interclass matches.
In the first class will be but two entries,
George W r hitney and Robert N. Whitney.
George is in his old-time form, and will
in all probability win out. In the second
class will be Harry Weihe, Walter Magee.
Dr. Root, Ralph Bliven, Crowell and
"Willie" Collier. The Interest among
these contestants Is strong and will pro
duce some very good, close tennis. The
two McGavins, Harry Haight, Merle B.
H. Johnson, J. Code, Davis and Werner
Stauf will make up the list of third class
entries. In tho fourth class those who
will play are Barclay. Henley Jr., Duval
Moore. Arthur Watson, Percy Kahn and
D. Ersklne.
The management will try to finish the
tournament on Thursday. The best two
out of three set will prevail In all matches.
During the week the best matches on
the courts were: Robert N. Whitney and
Joe Daily defeated George Whitney and
Harry Haight 6—3. ft-2; George Whitney
defeated Harry Haight 6—3: Ralph Bliven
defeated Dr. Root B—6, 6—3, 3—l; A. B.
Watson defeated James A. Code B— 6. 3—6,
G— l; A. B. Watson defeated Duval Moore
&-7, 2-€.
Byrne's second round In 44 was the best
round, of the day. .
. H. B. Goodwin has been suffering from
an' attack of grippe during the. past week,
and after playing, for a short time found
himself unable to go on, and forfeited his
match to-A. C. Blngham. H.D. Plllsbury
being detained in the city by legal busi
ness, L. S. Abbott Jr. won his match
without a contest. The first round be
tween Charles Page and E. J. McCutcheon
ended in a tie. five holes being halved,
and McCutcheon taking the second and
eighth, while Pdge captured the seventh
and ninth. In the second round four holes
were halved; McCutcheon took the first,
second and fifth, 'and gave up the third
and eighth, leaving him 1 up. The scores
by strokes are shown in the table:
R. H. Gaylord Out— s 6 5 4 6 4 5 6 6— 4T
In —7 7546573 6— l9— .96
J. W. Byrne Out-9 7 « 6 5 7 6 4 6—56
In —6 7535544 6—44—100
A. C. Blneham won from H. B. Goodwin br
default.
S. L.. Abbot Jr. won from H. D. Pillabury by
default.
Charles Page ¦ Out— 6 8 6 5 5 5 6 6 6—61
In —7 5547564 6— 4S— 99
E. J. McCutchen... Out-S 7655564*
In — 64*4556*(
•Hole given up.
On Washington's birthday the semi
final round will be played In the morning
between R. H. Gaylord and A. C. Blng
hiim. and S. L. Abbot Jr. and E. J. Mc-
Cutcheon. The final round between the
two winners will be played in the after
noon.
Miss Caro Crockett and the Rev. H. W.
L. O'Rourke played an Interesting four
some on Friday against Miss Mary Scott
and John Lawson, the latter couple being
victorious with a score of 50. 50—100. Miss
Crockfitt and the Rev. H. W. L.
O'Rourke's score was 47. 57—104. Last
Wednesday Miss Alice Colden Hoffman
made four rounds in 58, 56, 54, 52—220; and
on Friday she made two rounds 4n 56, 49,
the last score being the woman's record
for the Presidio links.
STANDER'S TALE
IS DENIED BY
THE DIRECTORS
Declare He Was Not
Swindled.
Sixty thousand dollars Is the sum that
A. F. Btander claims to have lost In a
deal in Algol copper stock, and he is now
seeking to have the Grand Jury indict the
late directors of the company. The his
tory of the sale of the Btock to Stander
shows that he was not as innocent of min
ing transactions as he would have the
Grand Jury believe.
"There is not the slightest ground for
blaming the company," eaid one' of the
late directors yesterday", "btander is a
mining man of experience, and twice in
epected :he property in Placer Cougty
before he made his investment. Tne imne
had been declared the very -best copper
prospect in tlie State by no lefes an au
thority than Mr. LHedeshetmer, who ex
perted the great lodes on the Comstock.
tftander had been in Alaska and owned
the claim next to that of Berry. He
claimed to be an expert, and not until
after he had personally been to the Algol
mine did he buy W,w) worth of stock.
We organized a company, with Charles
Kinglev. Mr. Goetz, Carl Goetz, H. bchim
mt:i and Charles Stepp as directors. After
assays that showed $32 to the ton we
spent all of the money put in by Stander
for development, as the books will show.
We had obtained a bond from the owner
for one year, and this has been renewed,
so that It is good till January 1 of next
year and has not lapsed, as Stander told
the Grand Jury.
"The property Is owned by a Mr. French
and is very valuable if we can get the
money to develop it. This is how stander
came" to be another JW.OoO out. He came
bark from Alaska and was so well pleased
with the work done that, although he at
first raid he would put no more money in
copper, he later bought 17,000 shares from
Getz and 3000 from Schlmmel at $2 apiece.
This was their private stock, and of
courße they did not pay the money to the
company. This was in violation of an
agreement that the directors had made
to pool their stock and not to sell until
the mine was fully developed, »o that tho
stock in the treasury could be disposed of
and some money raised. Before making
this second buy. however, Stander visited
the mine and saw what had been done.
Selby's certificates show what the ore is
worth and the shafts at the mine show
what developing has been done.
"As soon as Stander got the control of
the stock he at once elected himself pres
ident and now has all the books showing
what has been accomplished. It Is true
he put $60,000 into the mine, but he has
the option and the stock and purchased
only after a thorough investigation.
There is nothing shady about the deal,
but he made the mistake of buying from
individuals instead of from the treasury
of the company. Had the $40,000 that he
paid to Goetz and Schimmel been used to
develop the mine Stander would have
realized a big fortune from his Invest
ment."
TRANSPORT AND
MAIL STEAMSHIP
SAIL TOGETHER
Fortnightly Service to
Manila.
Twq steamers i-alled for th« Orient y*>%
t«rday, but ths chancV.i are that nHthrr
of them will mor» than touch at Hono
lulu. The mftll boat JUo do Jan*:™ has n.
few passengers for the Islands, but no
cargo, while the transport Bh*rman will
go right along about h«r business, If th«r»
Is any fear of quarantine.
The BhTmnn Is th« first st*am*T of tho
fortnightly service b«?twe*-n here and the
Philippines Innuifuratrd by th* Govern
ment. Th« chartered steamer Indiana
will follow her ns an Intermediate boat
next Saturday, and nff-r the Indiana the
Thomas, Meadi, ijOgan and Wnrr^n will
b» dispatched at regular Intervals. All of
them will carry store* for tho troops and
casuals.
The Sherman r<*!n>ct*d the greatest cred
it on the quartermaster's department aa
sho was sent away from tho wharf yf»
tftrday. She was In perfect trim for an
ooean voyuge and nothing was left want
ing aboard for the comfort and safety of
the passrngers. Those who went away on
tho transport wer»»: Major Sam R. Whit
all. Sixteenth Infantry: Major C. D.
Cowles, Seventeenth Infantry; Major
George Richards. paymaster, ITnlted
States army corps; Major George C Ar
thur, paymaster; Captain William J.
Wakeman, assistant surgeon: Captain F.
P. Reynolds, assistant surgeon; Captain
James H. Frier, Seventeenth Infantry;
Captain E. V. Bookmlllcr. Ninth Infantry;
First Lieutenant N. G. Worrillow. Twen
tieth Infantry; First Lieutenant R. W.
Barnett. Thirteenth Infantry; Lieutenant
J. E. Palmer, United States navy; R. It.
Andrews, G. B. Melbrum, A. Pond and
C. D. Noble, acting assistant army sur
geons; O. B. Troplong, assigned to the
civil courts at Manila; Mrs. O. B. Trop
long and three chlldrf-n; M. J. Dowling.
special agent of the War Department; F.
R. Jones, B. M. Rasmussen. A. R. . Im
brle and I. C. Cross, postofflce clerks;
Mrs. Boyeson. tracher; J. W. 'Nelson,
clerk quartermaster;- C. E. Tilton, Naval
Department: N. C. Comfort, hospital
steward department; 4 female nurses. 173
recruits, 17 members signal corps and ISO
members hospital corps. The Sherman
will lose no time on the way, but will
proceed at an average speed of twelve
knots an hour. She should, therefore,
make the round trip In a little over two
months.
Nineteen members of the Filipino The
atrical Company, which came up here on
the transport Indiana for the Mechanics'
Fair, also went back on the Sherman.
This leaves only five of the unfortunate
Asiatics in California and they will be
sent home on the next steamer.
The steamer Rio de Janeiro took away
a very large cargo for the Orient, but
only a small passenger list. Among those
booked for Hongkong were Edwin Rob
bins and wife. The young couple were
the center of attraction on the mail dock
as their trip to Hongkong is in the na
ture of a runaway match. Young Rob
bins was quietly wedded to his" cousin.
Miss M. Miller, yesterday afternoon and
the couple then took passage for the
Orient. The father of the young man
was on the wharf yesterday and did his
best to keep the bride and groom In San
Francisco, but they were deaf to his en
treaties and sailed on the Rio.
The hospital ship Missouri docked at
the Government wharf yesterday. There
are some necessary repairs to be "made
on her, but Inside of a fortnight she will
be on her way back to Manila to bring
home another load of convalescents. Cap
tain Dillon says that the stories about
his vessel being unseaworthy are abso
lutely without foundation.
Another gasoline .crab boat was blown
up early yesterday morning owing to
gross carelessness. The fishermen were
getting the boat under way when one qC
them dropped a lighted match into the
bilge. There was some gasoline th,at had
leaked out of the tank there and the re
sult was a fla/eup that blew a hole in
the bottom of the small boat. She began
to settle and the crab hunters got ashore
before the boat finally went to the bot
tom. Later a diver went down and by
means of tackle rigged to the French
bark Canrobert the gasoline boat was
raised and will be repaired and ready for
sea in a few days.
The tug Lottie broke her shaft off Arch
Rock yesterday and was drifting out to
sea when the quarantine steamer George
M. Sternberg went to her assistance. The
Lottie was towed to Melggs wharf and
later to the Fulton Iron Works, where
she will be overhauled . and repaired.
The bark Alden Besse is having sister
keelsons put In and is being otherwise
strengthened. A» new foreyard Is also
being put up and otherwise the sugar
packet Is being made as good as new.
The bark Annie Johnson, booked to sail
for Hilo, H. 1., to-morrow, will carry the
mail for Hawaii. The people of the
towns on the main island of the group
object to having their mall sent by the
way of Honolulu so the Postmaster is
dispatching It by sailing vessel.
Bhoes for everybody— Buy your shoes
now at the sale of chocs, 717 Market Bt.;
W cents will go further than {1 elsewhere.*
Time— U. :24: H. :<SU: %. 1:14. Good start. Won all out, second and third driving. Winner
E. Lanlgan's blk. c, by Duke of Montroee-Bovr Knot. Hard Knot a rood horse to-day'
Mocorito runs as If stale. Morinel cloned strong. Scratched— Captive 110, Uterp 102 Esl
plrando 107. Loconotno ICi
Generous Caledonians.
Subscriptions are being taken up
throughout Great Britain and her colonies
a £ 1 ln . oth e r countries where Britons and
tiJf r * descendants live for the benefit of
Jit Jn? 11 ?. 11 ? 8 °.f. f s °ldlers and sailors who
r-a1«^ nic « d ln the war in South Africa. The
C1 5 b of tnls clt y naa - sub 
tn t£tV 10 2" and a member of the club $20
o? cipmhl 3 t0 ?J h * benefit of the families
of Scottish soldiers and sailors.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed In his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cure pf.Con
sumption, Bronchitis. Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung Affections; also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complaints. . Having: • tested Its won
derful curative powers In thousands of cases
and desiring to relieve human suffering-, I. will
send ¦ tree of charge to all . who wish It, this
recipe. In German, French or English, with full
directions for preparing and using-. Sent by
mall by addressing. - with stamp, naming this
paper, W.. A. Noyes, 820 Powert" Slock, Roch
ester. N. T.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Opening Round of Competition for
Council's Cup Results in Two
? . ; Close Matches.
The opening round of the second.com
petition.-for the Council's Cup for men
was played yesterday on the links of the
San Francisco Golf Club. R. 11. Gaylord
defeated J. W. Byrne. 1 up; A.C. Blng
ham won from H. B. Goodwin by default;
S. L. Abbott : Jr. won from- H. D. Pills
bury, by default; and E. J. McCutcheoh
defeated Charles Page. 1 up. On the "first
round R. H. Gaylord . was 4 up against
J. W. Byrne, but in the second round the
latter played co strong a game that he
reduced his opponent's lead to one. J. "W.
Schoolboys at Handball.
A match game of 'handball was played
between Mission High School ajjd Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts Friday
afternoon at the San Francisco Handball
Court- This was the second time the
rivals had met. the first resulting in a
victory for Lick High School because of
the poor condition of Mission's players.
The last game resulted in a victory for
thr- Mission players by the following
ecore: 21—7. 14—21, 7—21. 9— 2 L The Mis
sion School was represented by Joseph
Broyer and Antonio Serres. both promis
ing young players. Lick was represented
by Long and Hodgkinson.
League Will Celebrate.
The Garfield League proposes that
Washington's Birthday shall be properly
celebrated, and wrth that idea in view
"?«*¦ . las t night to perfect arrangement.*.
The literary committee reported that it
had secured the well-known soprano.
Mrs. Bert Gardner-Adams, to assist in
the entertainment. I. J.- Truman will be
president of the day. and Major C. W.
Kyle will read an original poem.
f*<>4. THIRD RACK— Mil* and a half: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Eastern Star Relief Board.
There is a movement afoot to start a
board of relief in connection with the <•>•--
der of the Eastern Star in this city, and
the first, step looking to that end was
taken last Thursday night in Golden
Gate Chapter No. 1 by the adoption of a
resolution that the matron, patron and
associate matron be appointed a commit
tee to meet a like committee, from each
of the other chapters for the purpose of
conference, having In view the taking of
the necessary steps to organize such a
S° art !- j The secretar y of the chapter was
directed to communicate with Ivy, Beu
lal i* £ 11 i arm °J iy> A J ls9lo n. King Solomon's
and Olive Branch chapters on this *üb
jec . t \ £ ff i ter each chapter shall have ap
pointed Its committee a time and place
for the meeting will be named.
SENT FREE TO -MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to AH Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most farnarH- -
¦tfle remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical fnstitut*.
Th , v cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental a.-.d
physical suffering of lost manhood that
?hi Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
J . home treatment, and all men who
guffer with any form of 8«ual weakness
r^ultlrg from youthful folly, prematrr*
loss 0' strength and memory, weak back,
varlcncele or emaciation of parts can novr
cure themselves at home. ;
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
fffect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of m'.suse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all ceses. A renuest to the
bta" Medical Institute 325 . Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Irid,. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. Tha
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated. • 'nd the fre«
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness wttert
the proper remedies are employed. Tha
Institute makes no restrictions. Anjr man
•who writes will to sent a free sampi*.
carefuly sealed in £ plain package. ..to
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* ar«
requested to write without delay.
Cyclers May Elect Goeller.
Edwin Goeller of the Olympic Club
XVheelmon. who has for a long time past
b«en prominently identified with cycling
In this city, has been proposed as presi
dent of th« Associated Clubs, vice P. M.
Xippert, resigned. Mr. Goeller would
mick* a splendid prepiding officer and It Is
hoped that he can be prevailed upon to
accept the honor.
Jack Prince, the professional rider, has
taken charge of the track at LO3 Angeles.
The. rafts th*re v.-11l hereafter be con
ducted und^r his management.
A. E. Morrison is ag:iin on the coast In
the lnt«Tc-sts of the Orient people. His
automobiles have attracted considerable
attention in the nouth.
• The Garden City Wheelmen gave a hop
last Wednesday evening, St. Valentine's
night, which was one of the social suc
c^=sps of th»» town.
George H. Stratton of the Olympic Club
returned East last night to his present
home in Chicago, after a two weeks' visit
here.
The Eay City Wheelmen will enjoy n
yachting party on the bay to-day. Failing
in the boat of their fellow-member, Aus
tin Kanzce.
IMPERIALISM THE ISSUE.
Monticello Club Discusses Prospects
.;¦'/. "¦:'.:_. of the Campaign.
That the Democrats are very much at
spa regarding the place the financial ques
tion will occupy In the next campaign
was proved by the discussion hold at the
Monticello Club last evening. Every the
ory or point advanced was warmly de
bated and the preponderance of opinion
was that the most important plank in
the national platform this year will be
that of Imperialism and all that it im
pllrs.
. Judge K. A. Bridgford opened the de
bate, and stated that if the Democratic
party went before the country- this fall
with: the cry of 16 to 1 It would be de
feated. He favored a plan of Issuing cer
tificates by the national treasury that
would be redeemable In value but not In
money. Gavin McNab, Warren Olney Jr.
and others thought there were many de
fects to the system. Curtis Hillyer de
clared that the people did not ask for
a change in the financial system four
years ago. but that the question was
forced upon the people and ended in the
wreck of the party.
Judge Lawlor did not think that the
party managers made the Issues, but said
the people made them and the party lead
ers followed public opinion. He said that
there was nothing to show that the mone
tary, question was now tho dominant Is
sue, but there was much to show that
imperialism would be the Issue with
which the Democratic party would go be
fore the country this fall.
It was announced thai the club will dis
cuss "Imperialism* at its. next smoker,
and that Benjamin Ide Wheeler would
speak.
sit:;. FIRFT HACK- Six furlong*; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
{CoDVriirht. 19W. by H. 11. Eebert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Faturtay. February 17. 1300.— Weather fine. Track fast.
FORESTERS' BAZAAR.
Gathering of Members of the Ancient
Order and Friends in For
esters' Hall.
The Foresters' Bazaar, arranged by the
local courts and circles of the Ancient
Order of Foresters, opened last night on
the upper floor of the Foresters' build
ing, and for a first night there was a good
attendance. Around the hall are arranged
the booths of Bohemian. Mazzini. Ivan
hoe, Franklin, Sherwood. California. Jus
tice, Eureka, Fidelity. Artemas. Wash
ington and Loyal Cortes and those of the
executive council and the board of depu
ties. » These are neatly decorated and sev
eral artistically. They were filled last
evening with many attractive articles and
were tended by pretty companions of the
order. Those In charge of the several
booths are: Mrs. Asmann. Mrs. V. Cer
velll, Mrs. V. McNorton. Mrs. H Ingpnde
Mrs. M. Howard. S. C. Balli*. Miss Millie
O'Connor. Mrs. J. Jeps*»n. Mrs. Florence
N. Morrow, Mra. J. Goodwin, Mrs Min
nie Asher, Mrs. R. P. Gate and Mrs L
Pritchard. who are assisted by the com
mittee of arrangements, composed of
President Bailie. Secretary M. Boehin
Mrs. Asher of Washington. Mrs. Valenti
of Mazzini. Mrs. Berger of Artcmas, Mrs
Asmann of Bohemian and Mrs Cerve'li
of Mazzini Circle.
During the evening there was a short
programme and dancing. The bazaar
which is In aid of the 1900 celebration
fund, will .reopen to-morrow night and
continue during the Meek, with a new
programme each evening.
SYMON-HANSEN WEDDING.
Well-Known Potrero Coupl« United
in Matrimony.
On Thursday afternoon George Symon
and Miss Alice Hansen were married at
the home of James Symon, 120 Mississippi
street The house was beautifully dec
orated for the occasion and the young
couple "were married under a handsome
wedding bell. At the conclusion of the
ceremony an elaborate dinner was served
to the family and a large number of
El Dancing and a musical entertainment
filled in the evening. The young couple
left this city on Friday and are now
spending their honeymoon in the southern
part of the State. Miss Grace Symon was
maid of honor and Joseph Eva grooms
man.
William H. Clark Dead.
NE"W YORK. Feb. 17.— Former Corpor
ation Counsel William H. Clark died to
day at his residence in this city, of bron
chitis and a complication of diseases. Mr.
Clark was well known in racing circles
and was tho owner or Banastar, the win
ner of last year's Brooklyn handicap.
High School Wheelmen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* JOSE, Feb. 17.— A larga number
of students attended the races of the
High School Wheelmen at Cyclers Park
this morning, and much enthusiasm was
manifested. R. Telchner won tho one
mile novice, with Vincent Becond. The
two mile scratch was captured by B.
Downing from scratch, A. McDonald sec
ond, Teichner third and Belloll fourth.
RIFLE TOURNAMENT EVENTS.
Fine Programme and Liberal Prizes
for the Schuetzenbund.
The local committees of the third na
tional schuetzenbund are working hard
to complete arrangements for the great
rifle tournament which is to take place
here from June 30 to July 8, inclusive.
Marksmen of world-wide reputation from
all parts of the country will be in at
tendance and large sums of money will
have to be raised for prizes, to say noth
ing of the many medals and trophies to
be competed for. It is estimated that
cash prizes will amount to $10,000.
The matter of selecting a rang© has
received much consideration. The two
big ranees are at Shell Mound and
Bchuetzen parks, the former having the
more targets. At a meeting of one of the
committees recently bids for the tourna
ment were received from the managers of
the resorts, but no action was taken, the
bids not being satisfactory. In the East
the managers of parks offer thousands of
dollars for the tournament, as the con
cessions of various kinds are valuable. In
order to make the event a success here
these concessions must bring a good price.
At the last meeting of the programme
committee the following targets and
events were decided upon:
Targets for members — German 25-ring target.
Eureka point target, Germanla. On these tar
gets only members of the National Schuetzen
bund can compete. About $7000 will be distrib
uted." Tickets, $7 50 on each target; tickets have
to be purchased together— no re-entry.
General targets— German 23-ring, man, stand
ard American and point targets; open to all
Ring target— Re-entry: tickets J2: J1550 In 103
cash prizes will be given on this target; first
prize, IZM; second prize. $175.
Man target— On this target Jl5OO In eat-h will
be divided into 1C". prizes; first priie, $200; sec
ond prize. $100; third prize, $90. Re-entry tick
et?, four f hots, for $2.
Standard American target— Any kind of rifle;
$300 In sixty cash prizes will be divided on this
target: first prize. $150; second prize. fIOO. lie
entry, five-shot ticket, $2.
Point target— This target han a twelve-Inch
black center, divided into three rings; the cen
ter is" three Inches In diameter (bullseye), and
counts three polnte; the second ring is six
Inches In diameter, and counts two points; the
tliird ring is twelve Inches in diameter, and
count* one point. For three points the marker
will show a red flag, two points a blue Hag
and one point a white flag. One hundred prizes.
ANDES GETS THE PURSE.
Adds the De Soto Handicap at New
Orleans to His Victories.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 17.— Inthe case of
F. C. Moshier & Co., suspended pending
an investigation of the running of the
mare Evelyn Byrd, the stewards hava de
cided that, while there is no evidence of
criminality, the best Interests of the turf
would be served by the refusal of the
mare's entry for the remainder of tne
meeting. The track was good to-day,
but the favorites were all at fault and
Al Reeves, in the steeplechase, was the
only one which justified expectations.
Results:
One mile selling-Bright Neck won. Lucky
Monday eecond. Watercrest third. Time, 1:46.
Six furlongs, selling— Diffidence won. Lomond
second. Inlook third. Time. 1:17%:
Steeplechase, short course— Al Reeves won.
Ooronatus second. Jack Hayes third. Time, 8:41.
De Soto handicap, seven furlongs— Andes
wen. Dr. Walmsley second. Eva Rice third.
T MUe 1: «! d three-eighths, .elUng-Monongah
won. Elkin second. Goose Liver third. Time,
"six 'and a half furlongs, selling— Little Billy
won. Prince Real second. Grandeur third. Time,
l:25Vi.
¦KTecatlnr SUM. will be glyen on this target;
first prim, JIOO. Re-entry tlcketi. $2.
Each marksman making 50 points receives a
silver medal: 150 points, a gold medal valued at
JIS- 300 points a silver goblet. .Twenty extra
prties will be given, as follows: The marks
man making the most points In 200 sht>ts will
be crowned Shooting King and receive a gold
ftiefiil worth $100 and J5O cash; the next highest,
J5O: the third. W>. etc.: the first bullneye In th«
morning on opening day of the festival, to; for
the first bullseye every morning, $2; for the last
bullseye every evening. X; for the. last bullseye
on closing day, J5.
INSURANCE
MEN DOWN
CALIFORNIA
Easy Victory of the Fireman's
Fund Over the Blue and
Gold.
Fireman's Fund 9, California 3.
Nothing but victories roll along the way
of the Fireman's Fund Insurance baseball
team. Yesterday at Recreation grounds
they put the University of California" nine
under several feet of damp earth and cel
ebrated afterward over the funeral.
A week before a corporal's guard saw
tho game between the insurance men and
Stanford. Half a corporal's guard was
present at the game yesterday, freezing
for the lack of baseball thrills that a slow
and uninteresting game made Impossible.
Eleven times the Blue and Gold men were
guilty of baseball crimes, and they were
punished by a bitter defeat.
The first part of the game showed the
Blue and Gold colors in a brief spasm of
advantage. In the iirst inning two runs
were made, Hamlln and Braley crossing
the rubber. Kaarsberg twirled well
enough to prevent runmaking, and Krug
was touched up a bit by the collegians.
But it was the last part of the game that
showed the California team in its spe
cialty of bewhlskered errors. Kaarsberg
was the arch-offender, all due to a mis
take of vision. Second base and center
field could not be distinguished apart by
the Blue and Gold pitcher and in attempt
ing to catch- the runner at second Kaars
berg would pitch frequently to far center.
The one feature of the game was the
home run of Braley in the eighth. He hit
the ball to the farthest corner of the
field, beyond the flagpost. The score is:
FIREMAN'S FUND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer. s. s 4 3 2 0 2 11
W. Hammond, c.... 5 1 0 0 5 2 0
Krug, 1. f. £ p 4 0 3 2 2 2 0
Follansbe*, 1 b 3 1 0 0 6 0 0
Webber, 2 b 4 12 14 4 0
MoEktman, 1. t. A p. 4 0 8 0 4 1 0
Dunn. S b 4 110 111
Butler, r. f 3 1 0 0 1 «0 0
J. Hammond, o. f.. 4 1 0 0 2 0 1
Totals 35 9 11 S 27 11 S
CALIFORNIA,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hunter, •. ¦ : 4 0 2 0 4 2 0
Hamlln, 1 b 3 10 0 8 0 0
Braley. 3 b 4 2 2 0 12 2
Smith, c 8 0 2 0 5 0 1
Kaarsbergr, p 3 0 10 113
Swan, 2 b 4 0 10 2 6 1
Carter, r. t 4 0 0 0 3 1 2
Wolf. 1. t 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
McKeown, c. f 4 0 1 0 0 J) J
Totals 31 3 9 0 24 12 11
RUNS BY INNINOa
Flroman's Fund 0 0 0 1 2 4 1 1 »-9
California 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 10- 3
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— McKeown. Kaarsberg. Smith.
Home run— Braley. Struck out— By Kaarsberg
1, by Krug 8. by Mopkiman 2. Hit by pitcher-
Butler, Wolf. Double plays— Krug to Ham
mond to Kruir to Dunn; Webber to Follansbee:
Carter to Bra lev. Time of game— One hour and
B0 minutes. Umpires— McNulty and Golds
worthy.
STANFORD TEAM WINS.
SANTA CLARA. Feb. 17.— Stanford de
feated Santa Clara College on Thursday
in one of the greatest games of baseball
ever seen on the college campus. In the
seventh inning, with three men on. bases
and the score 4 to I in favor of Santa
Clara, Havens drove out a homerun, put
ting Btaoiford one run to the good. A mo
ment later the score was tied by Santa
Clara, only to be changed again by Stan,
ford in the eighth "inning. Both Lanagan
and Kelly were hit hard at times. Both
were effective, the former striking out
twelve and the latter thirteen. The field
ing of both teams showed lack of prac
tice. The detailed score is as follows:
STANFORD.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lougheed, a. 5...- 3 0 10 3 5 0
Strohn, c 5 3 4 0 12 1 0
Edwards, 3b 5 2 2 0 10 0
Cowden, 2b 4 2 10 2 11
Murphy, c.. f 4 110 0 0 0
Horn, lb? 5 0 0 0 6 0 1
Havens, r. f 2 12 0 0 0 0
Lowenth'al. 1. f 5 0 0 0 3 0 1
Lanagan, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Total M 9 11 0 27 8 3
SANTA CLARA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Leak*, s. s 4 112 4 0 1
Graham, c 3 11 1, 14 3 0
Kelly, p..: 5 2 2 t> 1 2 o
Magee, c.f... :....... 4 0 1 0 1 0 I
Cpnner, Sb .....5 1 4 0 2 0 0
Tumor, lb 6 0 1 0 1 - 1 0
Farry 2b 5 12 0 12 2
Flnnlgan. I. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Casey, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 3S 6 12 3. 2* 8.4
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Stanford 0 0 10 0 15 2 .*— 9
Santa Clara 30100011 0— «
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Cruz 4, Stanford 4. Homa
runs— Kelly, Havens. Three-base hit— Havens.
Two-base hits— Kelly. Graham. Sacrifice hit—
Graham. First base on errors— Santa Crux 2,
Stanford 3. First base on balls— Off Kelly 6,
oft Lanairan 2. Left on base*— Santa Cruz 8,
Stanford 7. Struck out— By Kelly 13. by liana
pan 12. Hit by pitcher— Leake. Double play-
Edwards to Horn. Time of game— a hours.
Umpire— Anderson.
HAWKER THE
CHOICE OF
BETTORS
English Greyhound Is Selected
to Win at Union Cours
ing Park,
Kay & Tranfs English greyhound.
Hawker, was installed favorite for the
stake at Union Coursing Park yesterday.
Thfs was before he met and defeated
Pasha Kennels' Round About. As it
proved a severe course it will have some
effect on the bis brindle dog's running
to-day. Another such effort may take
much of the speed out of him and tnus
ruin all his chances for the stake. The
dogs from the Lopez Kennels axe run
ning noli and are expected to work their
way well into the etalie. Those still In
the running are: Pepita. Green Valley
ilaid, Wonder, Diablo and Wanda, a for
midable list.
There were the- usual upsets In the
betting. One Spot beat Sleety Mist at
1 to 5; Night Time beat Gladiator. 1 to 4;
Magneto beat Twin City Girl, 1 to 2; May
Hemi^te&U beat America, 1 to 3; Echo
beat Warrior. 1 to 2; Brian Bora beat
War Eag>, 1 to 2; Master Mat beat Pat
Heilly. i to b.
Athena and Lady Hugo ran three
courses before the former won. The same
was true of Motto and For Glory. The
dogs ran under adverse conditions, a
thick foe, close- to the ground, obscuring
the doss' vision. 'i he coursing to-day
should be jjood as the dogs are evenly
matched. There is an absence of repre
sentatives of the champion class, but
those in tho running press the limit
closely. The results of the running yes
terday, with the official scores, follows:
H- E. <Je Lopex's Paplta beat I>arkey &
Rock'e Liberty Bell, 6-f>: F. A. McComVs One
fc'pot beat Sterl 6c Kncwies' Sleety Mist, 4-0;
J. Kennedy's Nisfet Time beat J. Vatkins
Gladiator. 5-2; I'aaha Kennels' Re-Annex beat
Ous Abercrombie's Miss Kabbit, 5-4 j K. E. de
B. Loj-ez'B Green Valley Maid beat J. Ken-la
dy's Wine West. S-0; P. I»yles Wild Monarch
beat M. Dunlea's Fenian Hoy, 4-3; M. London's
Magneto beat llandy's Twin City Girl. 3-1;
W. C. Giasson's •slei^li Bells beat Curtis &.
• Son'e Commodore. l"J-d; D. Winder's Random
Aim beat Tacha Kennele' Res: Atssur^d. 5-3; J.
Kennedy's Ever Sure b-.-ai Curtis & Son's An
chor, i-i'; J. Watkins' Merriful beat Aeneld
Kennels' Van Knapii, IS-ti; E. Geary's Palo
Alto beat M. Uunlc-a a Erin, T5-5; Pasha Ken
nels' May Heinj'Ptead beat E. Geary's America,
IJ-S; R. E. de B. Loper's Wonder beat P. Rell
ly'i* Expense, C-t; Gms Abercrombie's Rock
Ikland King beat Curtis &. Son's McKinley, 6-2;
P. J. Relay's Grafter a bye, Black Night with
drawn; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill b»at E.
H. Mulcaeter'e Lass o' Gowrle, 6-0; Curtis &
ton's Vulcan beat F. G. Patterson's Fire
Queen. 10-O; P. J. R?illy's Ploughboy beat Cur
tis & Son's Terror.a. 13-2; Curtis & Son's Echo
beat E. Baumeieter's Warrior, 4-3; J. O'Dowd's
Ehootover beat J. Muller's Mocoraa, 4-1; R. E.
<Je B. Lopez's "Diablo beat Curtis & Son's Ter
ronlte, 4-0; l^rtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat E.
BaumeiPter's Winning Ways, 6-5; J. Alloway's
Brian Boru beat Curtis & Son's War Eagle,
12-b; Curtis a. Son's Cash beat A. J. Kemp's
Jlernember Me. 10-0; J. Martenefs Bill Foster
beat G. Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy, 1-2;
Curtis & Son's Flying Fox beat J. Dlckson's
Black He«s, S-I; Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat
6. Kandy's I^edy Hugo, 3-3. 2-2, 3-2; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Wanda beat J. WatkinF' Still True.
fc-3; H. H. Gray's Texronette beat D. Morgan's
Axnertcus, S-0; J. Dean'ji Gallant beat E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 7-5: Al Austin's I»3
Ar.f-v-f beat J. L'^nnie' October Woodcock, 12-3;
6terl & Knowles' Fvr Glory beat F. A. Mc-
Convb's Motto. 3-0: J. L. Rosa' J. L. R. beat W.
F. Hobbs' Mercy May, 4-0; Parha Kennels'
Ileckless Archer beat J. Ronnlng's IVirpwy
Laps, 14-4; J. Wstklns' Merciless beat J. Mar
tenet's Bei-nal lioy. S-2; E. & It. Scott's Lord
Byron beat W. L. Stevens' Artificial. 6-0; Erwin
£ Lyon's Silver Wings beat M. London's Shar
key. 5-1; P. fiellly's Muster Mat beat M. J.
©'Neil's Pat Reilly, 4-S; J. Martenefs Slim
beat P. J. ReJllys Sweet Favordale, 4-3; P.
K<.-illy's Richmond yueen "jeat P. Heraa'p Mar
tha Wu&hingion, -i-0; N. P. Vhltlng's Mineola
beat J. Horn* Bona Vide, 4-0; J. Keenan's
Royal Oak beat Arr>id Kennels' Agamemnon,
S-0; Kay & Trant'e Hawker beat l'asha Ken
neif' Round About. li>-3; J. Keenan's Blacklock
beat J. M. Halton's Said Paul's, 5-0; J. Mn»-
Si'}- 1 * Silent Treasure beat 3. M. Halton's Tic
Tar, 4-0: r. J. R.«-illy*s Itoyal T'nion beat Pasha
Kenne!*' Recordiar Angel. 4-S; J. Murnane's
"V",' lid wood beat R. Pringle'B Jionor Bright. 7-5..
Jame« Hurley has purchased the -.Aus
tralian dogs Hurricane and Vigilant from
James Haokett and they will run. .'here
after in the name of Mr. Hurley.
"Plunger"' George Johnson, the. colored
betting man who has made to great a
success In picking winners in boxing,
was at the park yesterday. He was in
terested in the performances of the grey
hounds, but volunteered the remark that
It was well for bettors to make a spe
cialty of one eport and not divide at
tention tunong; too many.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Some good coursing was had at Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday In the run
down of the open stake, the hares, an
extra lively lot, giving the hounds hard
rujis. many finally escaping. Finals will
be run to-morrow. The ciay's results,
¦with the official scores, follow:
Open rtake—l'. M. Clarkron's Blaekhawk
beat R. K. de B. Lope* Jfc Son's McGregor, 6-3;
A. Johnson's Mountain iieauty b«-at T. Lende
trlgr's White Chief, 7-1; It. E. de H. L»t*z &
6on"b alike L>avey beat E. D. McCormack's
Valley Forge, 4-3; Bands Bros." Ueer Brewer
b*at Jf« Thrift's £t. Michael. 4-1; ~. M. Kel
lock'« lowa Maid beat K. E. de B. Lopez &
fon» MclKjueall. 6-t; T. A. Uaffney's False
Flatterer beat Joe Thrift's Forget. 3-4; T. Lo
gan's Leah beat I'r. Leonardo Master Law
rence. 5-2; Lowe & Thompson's Little Kullerton
t»>at J. Edmonds' Morning «lory. 8-1; J.
O't-hea'a Golden Rule beat Captain Kane's
Greer.hall. 2-2: 11. Lynch' ¦ Henicla Boy beat J.
It. Smith's Victor Queen, 12-*; Bartels Bros.'
Border's Beet b»at A, L. Austin's Firm Foe.
C-4; J. Carroll's Bluertone beat A. Maswy's
Jiadiwist. 4-1; T. Logan's Mies Grizzle beat A.
Van den Burgh's Kittle V, 7-2; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal b»-at M. B. Kavanagh's Hard
Lin<»B. 7-2; I>. J. Healey'? Grenada beat F.
Moran'o Bit of Fashion, 6-1;- H. Lyneh's Lottie
M beat J. Carroll's Auckland, 4-3; T. Butler's
FuFie beat J. It. Smiths Victor. 10-8; H. A.
l>pcke!man'« Lawrence beat F. McComb's Wait
t Bit, 7-S; liuspell. Allen & "Wilson's Miss Pen
man beat D. 3r Healey'a Maori Land, 16-5; F.
yon SooFt*n's Magnet tx^at Frank X. Foley' s
Alarue, 7-6; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Palm-
Cower beat W. Stark* e Thunderbolt. 4— S; J.
O'Phea's Young America a bye; J. O'Shea's
Tounp Flrenzi beat P. Horgan's Manila. £-0;
Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat 11. A.
TJeckelman's Flyaway. 7—o; J. I. O'Brien's
Pa>ha. Qu»en beat Lynch & Foulkes' Bannister.
l£— 7; P. Jlorgan's Lucretla Borgia b«>at f;onnell
Bros.* Lo<r Boy, S-5; I>. Toland's Pleasant Girl
"beat F. Mc« Tomb's Miss £*kyroirk»t, 3-2; Connell
Bros.' gt. Helen beat Rusfell. Allen & Wilson's
Julius Caepar. 5-S; T. J. McHugh's Zlota llose
beat Ar Johnson's Bald Eagle, 7-3; Bartela
Bros.'.Barcn Blood beat Conn<*U Bros.' Green
Isle, t-0; John Strehl's Three. Cheers beat L>. J.
"Healey's Magpie N, 4-S; J. Edmonds" Go On
•beat D. Toland'B Twilight Jr.. 6-3; B. M. Kel-
Jigir'e Hummer beat T. A. Gaffnty's Sir John
Arnott. 3-5; E. M. K«*llogg's lowa Hoy beat H.
I^ynch's Lexington, 6-3; Rupwll, Allen & Wil
ttvn'r Rr«ie Claire- beat Connell Bros.' Clover.
S-S: T. Murphy's Tea Roe» beat U. A. Deckel
ttr.> Glen Chine, 7-4.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUJSTDAY, FEBRUARY; 18, 1000.
GEYSER CAN
STRETCH IT
OUT AND WIN
Beats Zoroaster at One and a
Sixteenth Miles — Tan
foran Results.
Picking -up 121 pounds OysT laid low
Zoroaster with his 113 pounds In thp.han
ilrHp at Tnnfnran Park yesterday, whil*
A'ivnnrpi Ouar'l. of which surh big things
with «-xp«Ttfd. flnlfthf-r! a struggling third.
Th* a'f«ndanco w.-u» laree and about
*v«-nly divided an to the merits of the
thr«-*> horses. a<*rr,r<llric to the weights aa
ulen^d by the hand! rapper. In the ftr3t
hotting. Oys«r, with Spencer up. was quot
ed at « to 5. with tho same prire chalked
mt.il;,> 1 ZoroaJtter, owned by W. Shields.
and Advance Guard entf-rM in tho r.am»
of f.'arruthera A Shields, which pair were
couplM. B'll'man was originally slated to
rid*; Zoroaster, but \V1I1I«! HMelds conced
ed a point to hla paternal parent, put
ting up Henry lr.«t»-ad. and allowed the
flm named rider to arcept the mount on.
the three-yrar-old. Toward post time tns
betting changed In favor of QejttT, mak-
Ing him an 11 to 10 favorite. I>r. Sheppard.
and Malay received but scanty support.
From the start, which was a hurried and
good one. It was a two-horse race. Under
orders, Sp»nc»r went out and made tn»
running with <.'orrls?an's hors*. Zoroaster
pegging along at his paddl** girth*. At one
time less than «a furlong from the stand.
It looked as If Zoroaster, now on equal
terms with th* leader, might wtnx See
lng that the shoe was beginning to pinch.
Spencer, who had waited with the pa
tience of the lone fisherman, plied .hi*
whip, and, forging ahead gamely. Gey
ser won by a neck. The time. 1:4. U.
marked only a fair performance), and tha
horses which finished behind him wera
either poorly ridden or were not up to •
The" Han Ma*to County track Is working
up an enviable reputation for having
short-priced favorites beaten, four pip-
Ing hot ones rotng by the board. The
saddest blow of all happened when-Sar-
donic a 3 to 10 chance from Corrlgan 3
stable, was left at tne post, carrying a
bundle of "sure money." I*2ll
Barney Sohreiber's colt Boundlee hat*-,
nothing much to beat in tho opening six
furlong race, and at odds or I to 2 won
all the way. Mountebank, the second;
choice, wretchedly ridden by Morgan, lost
the place to Gusto. _ '
The smart ones unloaded on Rio Cnlci
to win the hurdle pvent as If it were over.
( forcing his odd? from 2 down to 13 to 10.
He seemed unable to handle his 133p0ur.<13
and was forunate in getting the show.
Dingley had 1-omo In front after taKiner
the second jump and. never bothered t«j
any extent, downed Durward. a 30 to 1
shot, without difficulty.
What a farcical affair the mile and a>
half run was: Sardonic, the 3 to 1') favor
ite, with Spencer m the saddle, was left
at the post, while Tom Calvert. an 8 to 1
outsider, galloped in first. Tom Cromwell,
stiff and sore as usual, managed •to gc
the place from Coda. The latter mare
was apparently si<k and Fhould never*
have been allowed to start.
St. Cuthbert. an even-money favorite
throughout the betting on the five and a
half furlong scramble, was never heara
of Peace carried the smart money ana
"wheelbarrowed" m, a head in front o*
Afghan. Merry Boy. ridden by Buchanan.
j finished third. .
It wa» considered a shame to take tn*
money when the books laid 2 to 5 agatn3t
Mocorlto to win the final sprint. The mare
was defeated almost easily by Hard,
Knot. The latter colt, with Hennessy up.
was stanchly supported at 4 and a to L ,
Track Notes.
J. Foley was questioned by the stand
as to the bad showing made by Coda. Hl3
explanation was taken under advisement.
J Sullivan, the rider of Monita. and J.
Flvrn who steered Reno in the hurdls
number, were suspended by the judges
fur indifferent riding.
All of the horses in trainlrg owned by
Marcus Daly will b« sold at Occidental
Horse Exchange on Tuesday evening.
February 20- -,»%.,-«-
From the reception accorded him afte;-
Tom Calvert won Announcer Bob MeGlb
ben seems to be the most popular owner
on the track. -
In securing the service* of Henry. Bais-'
ney Schreiber has the material for a very
promising rider. He has a two year's'
contract with the boy.
Grays Harbor Sends Its Largest Cargo.
THE steamer Robert Dollar arrived yesterday from Grays .Harbor in tow of the tug Traveller. The vessel comes her©
to be fitted out with her machinery, but brought with her the largest load of lumber ever sent out of Grays Har
bor. Hitherto a vessel carrying 500,000 feet of lumber was considered to have done well If she passed out over the bar
without an accident, but the Robert Dollar has over a million feet aboard and had no trouble whatever in crossing
out. The Robert Dollar will receive her equipment here and will then go regularly Into tho coasting trade. i .
Time— «i, :24; "4. :45%; %, 1:14. Good start. Won ea.=i!v. second and third driving. Winner.
B. SchreibeV's br. c, by Boundl^sß-Parolee. Boundlee will take some beating. Mountebank
ridden to very poor advantage first part.
HO3. SECOND RACE— MiIe and an eighth; hurdle: selling: four-year-olds and up: purse, $400
Time— 2:oo. Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. P. Fine s eh. g.. by Red Iron-
L.!ly W. I»mo a good fencer. Durtvard ran a swell race. Rio Chico a poor weight packer,
Monita weakly ridden. Orar.ger had no. speed. Scratched— University 122.
Time— U, :2«U: %. :51V. %, I'ISU: mil*. 1:45: l^m. 2:1OV4; Him, 2:37. Bad start. Won easily,
second driving. Winner, R.. McGlbben's b. p., by Hindoo-Pure Rye. Sardonic wheeled as
the barrier wes released. Calvert won BaJloping. Coda In no condition to race. Scratched-
KFpionac*» 99-
SOS. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, $1000
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16. :Z2%; 9-16, :MH: 13-16. 1:2J; mile. 1:4«4: 1 l-16m, 1:47%. Good start.
Won ell three driving. Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g., by Hen All-Hot Springs. 'Coupled
with Zoroaster.' Winner made all the running, and Rtood a drive gamely. Xoroaster might
have done better under waiting orders. Advance Guard could not get up. Dr. Sheppard
badly cut off at first turn._ _Pcratc>ied— Tlmemaker 112. Dalpy F 105.
SOO. FIFTH RACE— Five and a heJf furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Time— 3-16, :18; 7-16. M 2; l\lt, 1:07. Good «tart. Won first three driving. Winner. Foster
& Hackett's eh. f., by Imp. Midlothian-Turmoil. Peace had most speed. A trifle short for
Merry Boy. St. Cuthbert Interfered with tome last part. Hogan found the fame too
speedy. Scratched— Momentum 114, Orion 111, Mafada 114. . .
SO7. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
24
ndex.
777 Gue
7?o Moi
750 For
7M The
772 Tor
Ho
unJ!
Et.j ,
>untf
r Fr
c H<
mal*
lee"
pbai
reed
cot.
« ..
ni;
101
Wo
Mght-jst.
"...107| 5
...VTi\ I
...104 6
...JO2 4
...104 3
...1041 2 •
%m.
1 H
7 2
5 3
6
3 1
4 1
s«m.
1 14
2 2
3 2
6
* H
5 %¦'
1 2
22 ¦
4 3
3 4
5 2
6
Fin.
" 1 «
2 4
3 1
4 Vi
E S
6
I Jockeys.
Builman
Vlttitoe
Mnrpan
T. Walsh
.Tonkins
Henry
I B<?ttin«r.
iOp^_Cl.
7 5-20 1-2
. 10 30
3 13-5
. 30 40
. 10 10
,| 30 . 80
n&e-x.
c. Horw.
Ar*. ]
Wfipl
;ht.|St._
*4m.
Hm._
%m. St r;
F
Fin.?
I .locKpye. |up. <ji.
7TB
760
74$
7f7
f.j
ef,s
Lomo, 6.
Durward
Rio Chic
MoTiita.
Granger,
Reno. a.
Indra. a.
i. 6....
CO. 4...
a
, a
.347) 6
.140 4
.133' 3
•147| 2
.140| 6
.1471 1
.133! 7
2 3
3 1
1 1
63
fi 10
4%
1 1
I 1
3 4
4 >i
6 30
53 '
7
13 12
22 3 3
34 2 H
4 12 4 12 •
6 & 5
5 1 6
Pulled up
1 1
2 "i
3 4
4 12
5 10-
6
tlDlngley- ~ 4 4
A. Johnson.... 12 30
KJlover 2 13-li)
|J. Sullivan 4 6
|D. Henry...... | 5-2 5
|J. Flynn I 8 20
lEvans .:<. 20 40
ndfx. Horse.
74i Tom Ckh
796 Torn Croi
7*o <"oda. a..
(7*o) Sardonic.
vert.
imwfi;
•.5.1.
..Weight '.St.
5 101| 2
11. a... 105! 3
K«>| 1
1031 L
>ft
, Std.
1 1H
1 V 4 15
2 2
Pulled up
Str.
1 5
2
Fin.
1 8
2
| Jockeya. |
Bullman
Vittltoe
Henry
Spencer
!Op._
6
S
8
1-4
Cl.
s
15
8
3-10
Index. Hone. Agt». welgnt. |Bt.
<754) CJeyser. 6 12 J| S
7?3 Zoroaster, 4 115| 2
769 Advance Guard. J..104 4
(7CS) Dr. Kheppaxd, 6.... US 5
7CS Malay. 4 :..105 1
el
'*tn.
1 %
2 1
4 1
3 h
S
1
2 h
1 h
2 2
3 1
4 2
5
BIT. _
1 h-
2 2
3 4
4 4
5
gin.
1 n"
2 2
3 S
4 5
5
I J ocKeyg. |Op. pi.
i Spencer | 6-5 11-16
Henry I 6-5 7-5
Bullman' I • •
T. "Walsh 10 9
VUtltoe .......( 10 15
ndex Hor«e.*Ag;e. Weight. |St. Mm.
~-?2 Peace. 4 10»i 3
<7»>C) Affthan. 6 11112 ....
«74 Merry Boy. 6 111! 1
7C« St. Cuthbert, B 11114 '...'>-
77S Matt Hoean. 3 !>6| 5 ..., ,
SOI Gold Baron. 4 107| 6 ...
1 h
2 1
!%
, 5 h
6 •
i m
3 'i
S 4
4 2
I*
Str.
i '4
3 1
5 4
4 2
C 1
6
__li"lri^.__|I i "lri^.__| Jockeys. |Op.
f~h iTenry } 3-~2~
2^s Spencer | 4
3 \i jßuchananj Buchanan S
4 2 E. Jones 1
6 1% T. Walsh 8
6 Bas«ln;?rr 20
N?CL
9-5
10
9
1
12
100
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.|St.
782 Hard Knot. 4 109| J
7*2 Mocorito. S 105| 5
792 Morlnel. 5 10D 3
765 Sallie Goodwin. 6... 105 1
. ... Polka, 4 104 6
7E5 MuEcaladp. a 1071 <
Km.
2 1
6 n
4 2
3 h
6
. . %m.
2 4
1 h. '
6 5
4 14
3 2
6
Btr.
1 1
2 4
3 n
4 5
5 6
6
Fin. | Jockgys. |Op.~ ci.
1 *!i Hennessey .... 4~~ j
2 2 Bullman 2-5 i-j
8 '/i Jenkins ....... 4 J2
410 E. Ross 30 (50
5 2 Moriran' ....... 60 100
6 Dletro IQQ SOO
ndex.
777 Gue
7?o Moi
750 For
7M The
772 Tor
Ho
unJ!
Et.j ,
>untf
r Fr
c H<
mal*
lee"
pbai
reed
cot.
« ..
ni;
101
Wo
Mght-jst.
"...107| 5
...VTi\ I
...104 6
...JO2 4
...104 3
...1041 2 •
%m.
1 H
7 2
5 3
6
3 1
4 1
s«m.
1 14
2 2
3 2
6
* H
5 %¦'
1 2
22 ¦
4 3
3 4
5 2
6
Fin.
" 1 «
2 4
3 1
4 Vi
E S
6
I Jockeys.
Builman
Vlttitoe
Mnrpan
T. Walsh
.Tonkins
Henry
I B<?ttin«r.
iOp^_Cl.
7 5-20 1-2
. 10 30
3 13-5
. 30 40
. 10 10
,| 30 . 80
n&e-x.
c. Horw.
Ar*. ]
Wfipl
;ht.|St._
*4m.
Hm._
%m. St r;
F
Fin.?
I .locKpye. |up. <ji.
7TB
760
74$
7f7
f.j
ef,s
Lomo, 6.
Durward
Rio Chic
MoTiita.
Granger,
Reno. a.
Indra. a.
i. 6....
CO. 4...
a
, a
.347) 6
.140 4
.133' 3
•147| 2
.140| 6
.1471 1
.133! 7
2 3
3 1
1 1
63
fi 10
4%
1 1
I 1
3 4
4 >i
6 30
53 '
7
13 12
22 3 3
34 2 H
4 12 4 12 •
6 & 5
5 1 6
Pulled up
1 1
2 "i
3 4
4 12
5 10-
6
tlDlngley- ~ 4 4
A. Johnson.... 12 30
KJlover 2 13-li)
|J. Sullivan 4 6
|D. Henry...... | 5-2 5
|J. Flynn I 8 20
lEvans .:<. 20 40
ndfx. Horse.
74i Tom Ckh
796 Torn Croi
7*o <"oda. a..
(7*o) Sardonic.
vert.
imwfi;
•.5.1.
..Weight '.St.
5 101| 2
11. a... 105! 3
K«>| 1
1031 L
>ft
, Std.
1 1H
1 V 4 15
2 2
Pulled up
Str.
1 5
2
Fin.
1 8
2
| Jockeya. |
Bullman
Vittltoe
Henry
Spencer
!Op._
6
S
8
1-4
Cl.
s
15
8
3-10
Index. Hone. Agt». welgnt. |Bt.
<754) CJeyser. 6 12 J| S
7?3 Zoroaster, 4 115| 2
769 Advance Guard. J..104 4
(7CS) Dr. Kheppaxd, 6.... US 5
7CS Malay. 4 :..105 1
el
'*tn.
1 %
2 1
4 1
3 h
S
1
2 h
1 h
2 2
3 1
4 2
5
BIT. _
1 h-
2 2
3 4
4 4
5
gin.
1 n"
2 2
3 S
4 5
5
I J ocKeyg. |Op. pi.
i Spencer | 6-5 11-16
Henry I 6-5 7-5
Bullman' I • •
T. "Walsh 10 9
VUtltoe .......( 10 15
ndex Hor«e.*Ag;e. Weight. |St. Mm.
~-?2 Peace. 4 10»i 3
<7»>C) Affthan. 6 11112 ....
«74 Merry Boy. 6 111! 1
7C« St. Cuthbert, B 11114 '...'>-
77S Matt Hoean. 3 !>6| 5 ..., ,
SOI Gold Baron. 4 107| 6 ...
1 h
2 1
!%
, 5 h
6 •
i m
3 'i
S 4
4 2
I*
Str.
i '4
3 1
5 4
4 2
C 1
6
__li"lri^.__|I i "lri^.__| Jockeys. |Op.
f~h iTenry } 3-~2~
2^s Spencer | 4
3 \i jßuchananj Buchanan S
4 2 E. Jones 1
6 1% T. Walsh 8
6 Bas«ln;?rr 20
N?CL
9-5
10
9
1
12
100
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.|St.
782 Hard Knot. 4 109| J
7*2 Mocorito. S 105| 5
792 Morlnel. 5 10D 3
765 Sallie Goodwin. 6... 105 1
. ... Polka, 4 104 6
7E5 MuEcaladp. a 1071 <
Km.
2 1
6 n
4 2
3 h
6
. . %m.
2 4
1 h. '
6 5
4 14
3 2
6
Btr.
1 1
2 4
3 n
4 5
5 6
6
Fin. | Jockgys. |Op.~ ci.
1 *!i Hennessey .... 4~~ j
2 2 Bullman 2-5 i-j
8 '/i Jenkins ....... 4 J2
410 E. Ross 30 (50
5 2 Moriran' ....... 60 100
6 Dletro IQQ SOOt We'vo got the best tradej
!' — cash trade. Customers J
that feel it a duty to save?
> money. J
j^Lenox Soap 10 bars 250^
a Save the wrapper and get free A
¥ theater tickets. r
A Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. A
(Pearline Washing powder A
knoln largest size pkg Bci
article in the market. \
0 Usually 2 packages for Sso. m
iKnox Gelatine. .3 pkgs 25^
\ Latest impxoved granulated. A x
f email packay of colored gelatine ¥
i in each pacWSge. Regular 10c. \
Mustavit Coffee
XSSSS&pound can 30c
All who value good coffee should
nse it. Try a can and you will
want another.
Crystalized Citron
Clear as crystal. -...„,] vx*
f~ Natural flavor is pOUnO.I2C
f preserved.
'^Orange and Lemon Peel i
A Candied and --..^J ri-\n&
¥ delicious. pOtinO. lOCf
A Many use it as confectionery. A
Sugar 18 ipounds $ii
¦ "Spreckel's Best.
0 Just for fun— ask your grocer m
\ what he charges you. \
y Sperry's Best Flour J
f or Drifted Snow - rt 1U C V rtrir f
\ Sperrys Flour is O°" iD SK 9 OC i
f the pride product of California.— lias f
\ been for 5 > years. A
JCocoanut Wafers a
r Very dainty. Made IV,- „- c
§ up to pleaae you. IUS
' Usually sold 30c pound.
JCracker Meal pound 4c
§ For soups and other cooking -Tery
\ cheap. Some charge as high as Ida.
JOld Hermitage Whiskey
r 1892. This gives CTa 11 nT1 <o r
A you acniuiceto gallon
¥ enjoy a very high-grade whiskey
A at a very low price. Guaranteed A
¥ straight Hermitage. Usually $4. 50 T
A to f i.OO gallon. A
(Domestic Porter or Ale
wte^and dozen $i.oo
j pleasant— old and rich Regular JL2J.
\Old Government Whiskey
f Matured in bond V,rktfl*» *rro
A and bottled at DOttle 75C
¥ distillery. Regular 85c.
f Crawford's Scotch Whiskey
§ . Pure3tofall k/>4-4-1« tf-r **&
\ Whiskey. DOttle £>I.OO?[
0 The taste tells. Regular |L 25. 4
Market St. S. F. Shattuck Ar, Berkeley i
f 9th A Waahington,Oak Central Av.Alamedaf
¦oU'ffi Broad way, " Tth & Wood, Oak A
The Junior Order.
The several councils of the- Junior Or
der of United American Mechanics are
drilling teams, who will take part in tha
competitive drill before the State Council,
wheh will meet in this city. So far there
will be competitors from this city, Ala
meda County and San Jose.
At the last held meeting of Abraham
Lincoln Council there was a spirited de
bate upon an able paper on "Pensions,"
read by one of the members.
The district deputies are preparing their
reports for the State session. It is re
ported that the suspension list In th» or
der is becoming very small.
A member of Abraham Lincoln Council
died recently, and within two weeks the
widow was paid $250, the amount of the
funeral benefit.
SHE ESSAYED TO
DECAPITATE HER
SLEEPING HUBBY
Woman With Sword
Attempts Murder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Feb. 17.
Mrs. Marjjaretha Runnels attempted to
decapitate her husband. Oscar G. Run
nels, with a sword while he was asleep
la*t night and to-day she was ordered
*er.t to Agnews Asylum by Judge Greene.
The woman, who is young and handsome.
1* Paid to be possessed of a homicidal and
euicidal mania, which has exleted for
eeverel months. ;.;
Her husband, who is the manager of the
Ehasta Water Company at HIS Broadway,
pays that she has been possessed of an
Insane Jealousy for nearly a -year. Sev
eral months ago he sent her to a private
rafiitarlum, but she waa discharged with
out beinc cured. Last August she at
tempted to commit suicide by jumping
from a ferry-boat, but was restrained.
Since then she has frequently threat
ened to kill her husband. He thought it
»ass hallucination which his wife would
never attempt to carry into effect until
last night, while he was asleep, she crept
out of bed and secured an old sword.
'Til kill you!" she remarked, as she
pnealv^d toward her husband with the
rleamlnp blade uplifted.
Just as the tatai stroke was to
descend Runnels awoke. He quickly
jrrappied with his maddened wife and
after a hard ¦trugpl^ managed to disarm
her. Afterward she attempted to pass
the matter off as a joke and talked so
plausibly that for a while the examining
physicians and the Judge were In '. a
quandary.
"J did not suppose my husband would
take the matter periously," she said. "I
don't know why I did it. Women do a
great many peculiar things when they
care for their hupbsjids. -1 love my hus
hand and want to live with him. I know
I can restrain myself If I will. AM 1 ob-
Ject to is having my husband talk with
vr>nen I do not like. That woman Miss
F«~ott has told a lot of falsehoods about
me. She and my husband have been too
intimate.
"I have been accused by mv husband of
having killed our little child. That i« not
true. What I said was that the Bible
fays that the sins of the parents are vis
i*ed upon their offspring and our little
one may have been taken away as a
judgment by the Ix>rd for my husband's
actions with Miss Scott."
Miss Scott, the young lady of whom
Mrs. Runnels Is so Insanely Jealous, says
that the latter is possessed of a homicidal
mania. She also declares that the, afflict
ed woman has no reason to accuse her of
wrongdoing.
J. HOMER DIGKSON,
EDITH RINEHART DICXSON,
OSTEOPATfIIC PHYSICIANS.
GRADUATES OF
The American Sckoo! of Osteopat&v,
KIRKSVIT.I.K. MISSOURI.
ROOMS 58, 59 PLAYTER BLOCK.
1209 BROADWAY,
14 SAN PABLO AVENUE,
Office Hours. 8 to V. A. M.. 1 ta ST. AC
CONSULTATION FREE.
OAKLAJN'D ~..«.... CAIJTOamU
NEW BILLS AT THE
OAKLAND THEATERS
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— The next attrac
tion at the Macdonough Theater will be
a three-ar-t farce entitled "Dr. BilL" It
will run for one week, commencing next
Monday evening.
"The Sleeping City," a powerful drama
Sn four acts, will be the next bill at the
Dewey Theater, to fol!ow "The Stow
away." "The Sleeping City" is by A. R.
Scennum.
TO SING SELECTIONS
BY WILLIAM M'COY
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— A mufclcale, to con
sist of the songp and other compositions
written by William J. McCoy, will be
riven at the First Presbyterian Church
next Tuesday evening. The soloists will
>>c: Mis? Carrie Brown Dexter, soprano;
Miss Florence Sharon, soprano; Mrs. J. 11.
Kelly, contralto; J, Desmond, tenor;
*'!ement Rowlands, oarytonc; Miss Ida F.
Fox and Llewellyn Hughes, violins; Louis
Burris, Ilute; Miss Lucy Hannibal, piano.
AD VEBTISEM.E.N xS.
UNITARIAN
CARD PARTY
jf=i\ AKLAND. Feb. !7.-The ladies of
U' the First Unitarian Church and
tl'.f'r frknds met at the residence
of Mr*. Alfr^<i IV. BurrHl. ISIS
Tc!PCrapb ¦v#naej this afternoon nr.<i en
joyed a ruciire p?»rty that was arranged as
a benefit for the church, talcing the place
of the usual tea. There was a small ad
mittance for <\ach cailr-r r.nd then the
SUests tvctc s'-atf-'i at f=m«!i tables. The
pame w?.« followed by Light refreshments.
The hoi;si> was prettily decorated for the
affair. yellow everywhere prevailing.
"Wild fowers. mainly buttercups and mus
tard, cere i:se<j and the rooms were very
pretty and bright. Mrs. Burrell, the
hostess, was assisted in welcoming her
guests by Miss Burrell. Mrs. George \V.
Bunnell. president of the Woman's All!-
Efioe; Mrs. J. A. Bliss. Mrs. G. \V. Tripp.
Mrs. C. H. Hedington, Mrs. F. H. Barne3
snd Mrs J. II- Potter. The afternoon was
mad" very pleasant by an impromptu
musical programme, several of the ladles
present being asked to sing. The hours
announced were from 3 to 5 o'clock and no
prize* were offered. The affair was a
fuccess.
. .
Local society will attend the concert to
he given by Saturday Morning
Orchestra at sherman-Clay Hall, San
Francisco. Monday night, for many of the
musicians* are prominent young society
]a<lies on this side of the bay. while others
fere very well known, though not residing
h.«-re. xPeter C. Allen is the director of the
orchestra, which is composed of thlrty-
K-ven young ladies. Of these Miss Flor
ence Sharon is the soprano. The violins
sre Miss Jean Mary Hush, Miss Meta
Ash<?r, Miss Norma Preston. Miss Alice
<aro. Miss Grace Hecht, Mis? Florence
Lewis, Mrs. Nellie Paull Carroll. Miss
Alice Chipman. Miss Grace Muller, Miss
Tluth Salinger, Miss Alice Theil. Miss
Ma.bel Gunn, Miss Florence Lipscher.
Miss Gladys Clemer.t. Mr?. Charles Ros-
Fier. Miss Alice Greenbaum, Miss Ethel
Runeman. Miss Clara Zinnen, Miss Edna
«:'a<3walader. Miss Anna Hadsell. Miss
Katherlne Buneman. Miss Kate Johnson
and Miss Grace Crow; violas. Miss Bessie
Fuhrer, Miss Louise Rowland. Miss Mary
Donaldson, Miss Laura Taylor. Miss Mary
¦Uarren Denman and Miss Elsa yon Man
derFcheld; cellos. Miss Elizabeth Amos,
Miss Etta Crow. Miss Carol Wollner and
Miss Frances Phelps; bsssos, Mif«s Mac
Moody. Miss Louise Theil and Mrs. H.
Gorlitch. '
One of the pretty dinners of the week
waf In honor of Mrs. Kemi Chabot's
V>irthday anniversary. The guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Knight, the Misses
Josephine. Kate and Claire Chabot. the
Misse? Moffltt. Mrs. Kellogg. Miss Skid
more, Mr. Nichols. Mr. Peano, Dr. J. P.
Dunn. Dr. Williem Dunn. Mr. Bates. Mr.
Abbott. Carl Abbott and Mr. Remlllard.
Mips Ella Mearle Copp and A. R. Savage
¦were married at San Rafael on St. Valen
t!ne> day. Both are residents of this city
end have many friends.
COLLECTOR IS AFTER
LADY YARDE-BULLER
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— Mary Leilah Kirk
ham Yarde-Buller has again been brought
before the public. To-day Thomas Harri
son filed a claim against her for $130 15.
for which he secured judgment two years
ago In the High Court of Justice. Queen's
Bench Division, of the Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland. In the petition ac
companying the claim it is stated that
the money was due for board and lodg
ing while her ladyship was living at Tor
quay, Devonshire, England.
CATHODE RAY CONQUERS DEADLY CANCER
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
COUNTY ROAD
NOW LIGHTED
BY ARC LAMPS
Big Improvement for
the Interior.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Feb. IT.
The coisnty road between Oakland an 4 N
Haywards is now lighted by electricity.
The circuit was completed yesterday, and,
last evening the current was turned on
for the first time, with most satisfactory
results.
The lights on the county road are each
lamps of 2000 candle-power and are abcut
1000 feet apart. There are forty-eight of
the lights In tfce nine miles of road. The
contract for the lights was let to E. B. Us
A. L. Stone. The cost of the lights, which,
will be run on the "moonlight schedule,"
will be $57 60 a month, or $2764 80 a year.
The current Is secured from the power
house of the Oakland. San Leandro and
Hay wards electric line, which is located at
Elmhurst.
The fact that the county road la now
lighted by electricity Is due to the efforts
of th%r Oakland Merchants' Exchange, the
Twenty-third Avenue Improvement Club
and the Boards of Trade of Haywarda ani
San Leandro.
Hearst Reception.
BERKELEY, Feb. 17.— Mr*. Phebo A.
Hearst *>ntert*ined the members of tho
junior and sophomore classes of the uni
versity ni a reception in Hearst Hall this
afternoon. Dunns the afternoon Mrs.
Hearst was k«'j>t busy receiving her
jruesis and making them at home. Dan
ring was indulged In by many of the stu
dent*. The receptions are becoming very
popular with th«? young people, and many
enjoyable afternoons are had. To-mor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock a Holmes con
cert will be given for the members of the
mt.J'.t class and faculty.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
. ¦ J
Physicians Are
Astonished at
Dp. $el?ridge's
Recovery.
OAKLAND, Feb. IT.— The wonderful
action of the X-ray In the case of |
Dr. J. M. Selfridge of this city has
attracted wide attention in all di
rections, but particularly in the
rardical profession has interest
ti<»en develoned. The results of the ex
periments upon Dr. Selfridge are being
watched very closely, not alor.e by Dr. N.
11. Chamberlain, the physician who is j
conducting the experiments, but by other
physicians, who are awaiting the result.
A few physicians are inclined to doubt
whether a cure has been effected, and Dr.
Chamberlain will only say that a "prac- j
tlcal cure" -has been accomplished. But
one thing is certain— while, a few months
ago, the cancer was eating into the face
of Dr. Selfridge, fatal progress has been
stayed, and the wound that has existed j
for twenty-five years is surely healing. I
Clean tissue is forming, and save for the j
injury already done to the face and nose ,
by the cancer there Is every Indication of ;
a complete cure. ;
The application of the X-ray treatment i
was suggested by Dr. Self ridge himself, j
He consulted with Dr. Chamberliln and [
his son. Dr. C. M. Selfridge, and they de- j
termlned to make a series of experiments. |
Dr. Selfridge declared he was willing to i
take almost any risks, so dangerous had '
the cancer become. He knew that it was
but a question of time when the cancer
would reach some vital spot, unless Its
progress could be arrested. Life was to
him shadowed by the blot of his dreadful |
affliction. Surgery had proved Ineffectual,
and he determined to try the efficacy of
the X-ray. Hawing reached this decision
the experiments were begun last October, |
and they have continued up to the pres- :
ent.
The first great danger to be guarded
against was the penetrating power of the j
powerful X-ray. This strange light was {
known to produce a peculiar irritating re- j
suit when brought in contact with healthy |
tissue. It was absolutely necessary to ;
prevent this, and that caused no small j
amount of study and work. It was for
this purpose that the lead mask was
made. Sheets of pure lead were secured
and rolled very thin with jewelers' rollers.
The mask was then made from this so
as to cover the entire face and completely i
protect the healthy tissue. A small hole, I
the exact size and shape of the cancer- j
ous wound; was cut in the mask so that
the light would fall only upon the dis
eased part.
The experiments were conducted in Dr.
Chamberlain's olfice. The patient was
placed on a regular surgeon's operating
table. The mask was fitted carefully ovt-r
his face and the exposure was made from j
a regular Crookes tube. The exposures
were raised a little and were decreased
In frequency and duration as orten as a
change was noticeable. Beneficial. results
were almost immediately apparent. The I
X-ray seemed to dry up the cancer and |
stop its <]< adly work and to-day Dr. Self- j
riiige's friends are rejoicing over his re
covery from the terrible malady that they
feared would eventually cause Ms death.
Those physicians who have closely f
watched the experiment believe that a
cure has at last been lound for cancer
when the growth is so situated that it
can b« reached by the X-ray. What ef
fect the X-ray might have upon internal
cancers and tumors that are hidden be
math healthy tissues Is something that
remains yet to be proved, but that ex
posed cancers can be stopped successfully
ihe S'lfridge experiments show. The ex
periments are still young, but they have
opened a vast held for research and spec
ulation.
In regard to the results of his experi
ments Dr. < "ham berlain to-day said:
"I regret the premature publicity of this
X-ray treatment of cancer, believing that
the mattfr should come before the medi
• n! profession first and more opportunity
for exhaustive experimentation be given.
Now thai the matter has become public,
however. I will say that so far as present
appearances go another incurable disease
is in a fair way to be conquered. One
case does not prove anything, but it Is at
I POWERFUL X-RAY FOCUSED ON THE MALIGNANT GROWTH. |
' Vr=*v R N H. CHAMBERLAIN conducting the experiment which has resulted in practically curing Dr. J. M. Self- ?
T I|\\ ridge of cancer. The patient was placed on the operating table and his face covered with a thin lead mask I,
"$¦ I JJ to protect the healthy tissues from the Irritating effects of the electric current, the cancerous wound alone ,
j*—^y being exposed to the action of the ray. , ?
least suggestive, and th<- results attained
in the case of Dr. Selfrldge are truly mar
velous.
"It was at the doctor's own suggestion
and solicitation that we began the experi
ment in his case, for he had reached such
a state of misery from his affliction that
he was willing to take chances in an ex
periment that, so far as we knew, might
iesu!t in disaster. The result, however,
has been published and has encouraged us
to continue the experiment in other cases.
These also show favorable signs, but it Is
entirely too soon to fay what the results
will be, for it will take months and even
years of experience and observation to
prove or disprove the curative effect of
this powerful agent. If success continues
as it has begun, one of the most dreaded
of human maladies will be robbed of its
horrors." ;-•"•;
The various physician? regard the mat
ter in different lights. Those of the same
school as Dr. Chamberlain regard the re
pults a« satisfactory proof that a cure for
cancer has been found. Those of the reg
ular school are more doubtful, though by
no means denying the very apparent re
sults of the experiments.
Dr. I. E. Nicholson, who witnessed
some of the experiments, believes that a
cure has been made. He said:
"I certainly believe that there is a great
future before us with the X-ray. I have
followed the experiments of Dr. Chamber
lain closely and I am compelled to be
lieve my eyes. I saw Dr. Selfridge when
the cancer was In Its most malignant
form and I have seen It heaJ, day by day,
under the X-ray treatment. We who have
peen the experiment believe that it has
most effectively removed the cancerous
growth and it is my belief that when the
cancer is so situated that the X-ray can
be applied It will be generally used by
the medical profession as the only avail
able remedy. The experiments so far
have been entirely satisfactory and I am
satisfied that the X-ray cure will be in
general use for the treatment of cancers
within a very short time."
Dr. A. 3. Larkey paid: V.-. '
"The X-ray experiment Is really In its
infancy, but already a great deal has been
accomplished. Personally, I have had lit
tle experience in the matter, but my faith
in the X-ray is such that I am at present
negotiating for a machine. When I was
In New York last June I watched many
experiments and I then became convinced
DR. J. M. SELFRIDGE.
After suffering from cancer of
the face for twenty-five years Dr.
J. M. Selfrldge, the founder of
Fablola Hospital, has been almost
completely cured by the X-ray.
Last October Dr. . Self ridge be
gan experimenting with the X-ray-
In conjunction with his son, Dr. C.
M. Selfrldge. and Dr. N. H. Cham
berlain. So successful has oeen
the trial that numbers of other
sufferers have taken the same rem
edy and have met with like aston
ishing relief. As far as the trial
has gone, it seems that a check
has been discovered for the dread
cancer scourge.
that the X-ray would be very valuable
from a therapeutical. standpoint. In the
case of Dr. Selfridge the treatment has
not been carried on long enough for us to
reach a definite conclusion, but the re
sults so far have been very encouraging.
There is not a bit of doubt that the X
ray treatment has had a very noticeable
healing effect— l might say that it haa al
most healed, and we know that it haa al
leviated pain. Dr. Selfridge suffered the
most excruciating pain for years and now
the cancer never troubles him. If that
alone were the only thing it had accom
plished I would say that It was a great
boon to mankind and the medical profes
sion. I look for some remarkable results
within the next few years."
The regular school Is skeptical, but wfll
not positively deny the cure.
Dr. Eva L. Harris said:
"The X-ray has a great many possibili
ties and has accomplished a great many
things, but I can hardly believe that it
has been able to kill a cancerous growth.
Still, it Is possible, and I am not denying
it. 1 am merely skeptical and refusp to
believe it until 1 see it done or read of an
instance in some reputable medical jour
nal."
Dr. J. Maher said:
"It may be possible that the X-ray has
cured cancer, but I can hardly believe it.
Still, a great many wonderful things are
discovered by scientists, who are ¦con
stantly experimenting. The ordinary prac
titioner can hardly ever do anything- of
that sort, and when a discovery like that
is made we arc loth to believe it. Still, /
will not say that It is impossible."
Dr. E. J. Boyes said:
"It may be that Dr. Selfridge has
cured a cancerous growth on his. face by
the use of the Roentgen ray, but I doubt
It. Mind you, I do not say that it 13 not
so. but I would want to see it done before
I acquiesce In such a statement. Science
is making great strides and wonderful
discoveries are being made every- day. • So
it is possible that Dr. Selfridge has j»*«ia
this one."
Dr. E. R. Sill said:
"I don't think that the X-ray Is. a cure
for cancer. Still I will not deny it and
shall not give an authoritative opinion
until I make a thorough investigation."
Dr. L. F. Herrlck said:
"It may be true that Dr. Selfridge haa
cured a cancer by the use of the X-ray,
but I doubt it. The X-ray has been put
Dr.Chaniberiain
Discovers New
and Wonderful
Remedy.
* .
to a great many uses, but I r.ever h?ard
of it being applied to a cancerous growth
before. It is possible that it has accom
plished what Dr. Selfridge claims, ar.d I
nope so."
Dr. E. H. Woolsey said:
"If Dr. Selfridge has discovered a cure
for cancer by the use of the X-ray he has
done a wonderful thing. However. I
would not ltt him experiment with one 0..
my patients. He can try it on himself all
he plea^ep. but I doubt the efficacy of his
newly discovered treatment."
Dr O. D. Hamlin said:
"The first Roentgen ray that was ever
used in California was brought here by
me. I have experimented with it in a
great many ways and Know that a great
many things can be accomplished by it.
I have read of Dr. R*!frid?e's use of It
on a cancer, but shall view the alleged
cure very skeptically until I make a more
complete investigation of it. Jt may be
that he has accomplished what h»» claims,
but it looks very improbable. I do not
deny It. however, but simply cannot be
lieve it until I get more proof."
SAN FRANCISCO WILL
HEAR W. NAT FRIEND
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— William Nat
Friend will preach to-morrow night from
the pulpit of Dr. Mackenzie in the First
Presbyterian Church In San Francisco. He
will use as a text, "Why Follow Chri?t?"
which drew such a large audience in Oak
land last Sunday nigljt. It will be the
game sermon as that delivered in Oakland
and will be repeated by special request
for the San Francisco audience.
Mr. Frfend is probably as well known in
San Francisco as he Is in Oakland. Dur
ing his political and newspaper career he
became acquainted with a large number
of people there and It Is probable that his
congregation across the bay will be as
large and as cosmopolitan as that which
listened to his initial pulpit oration.
Dr. Mackenzie, whose pulpit Mr.
Friend will occupy, is the president of the
Pacific Theological Seminary, where the
young theological student is taking his
divinity course.
•¦ ? »
SUPPOSED ELOPERS
HAVE COME BACK
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— Mrs. John Davis
and Otto Crowhurst, who were accused of
eloping several weeks ago. have returned
to East Oakland. They both refuse to
see anybody and all efforts to have them
acknowledge or deny that they went away
together have been futile.
The young man is about 19 years of age
and the woman is about 40. She has a
husband In the employ of the Southern
Pacific and a daughter who is about 14
years of age. The couple are supposed to
have gone to Portland. Or., together.
« ? »
HORSE KICKS A FORK
INTO HUGHES' SIDE
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— Richard Hughes,
an employe of the Emeryville race track,
met with a serious accident yesterday
which may prove fatal. While passing
behind a race horse the animal kicked,
striking a pitchfork which Hughes was
carrying, driving the handle of It into his
side. The injured man was taken to San
Francisco, where It was found that he
wa3 suffering from internal injuries.
Alameda Deaths.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 17.— Antonio Bertola
died this morning at 1537 Mozart street.
Deceased was a native of Italy, aged 70
years. He was wealthy and owned large
properties in Contra Costa County. He
leaves two daughters, one of whom is a
school teacher In Alameda and the other
a physician on the staff of the Children's
Hospital.
WILL WED AND
WEND TO DUTY
AT THE FRONT
Life Romance of Lieu
tenant Avery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 17.
A romance will be closed on Wednes
day next, or possibly It will have only
Just begun, when Lieutenant Howard
Avery and Miss Carrie Coit will become
husband and wife. Within a very, few
days Lieutenant Avery will depart for the
Philippine Islands to rejoin his regiment,
and possibly the romance will have only
just begun.
The Avery-Colt engagement lias existed
amid the roar of Philippine war and bat
tles for many months and has been one
of the important social engagements of
Oakland, but the date of the wedding has
never been announced until now.
Howard Avery was a student at the
State University at Berkeley and at the
outbreak of the war with Spain he en
listed in the Seventeenth United States
regular infantry a3 a private. He was
determined to fight for his country, even
if he did it In the ranks, and he sailed
away for that far distant land under the
tropic sun.
But before he left he told a story of
that which ranks with war and before
he left his engagement was announced to
Miss Carrie Coit, one of the belles of
Oakland.
Then Private Howard Avery went with
his- regiment across the ocean to win lau
rels and promotion for heroism and to re
turn a lieutenant. He was made a ser
geant before he had fairly seen action
and for bravery at the battle of block
house 14, where the Americans made such
a brilliant charge, he was promoted to a
lieutenancy.
The promotion came while he was In
the trenches and he was made a lieuten
ant on the field.
He was wounded and contracted the
fever and some months ago was invalided
home. It was about two months apo that
his mother died suddenly at her Sausalito
home, and that postponed the wedding
day.
Now the couple will be married •on
Wednesday at Trinity Church. Only the
families will be present, owing to the
death of Mrs. Avery. and there will be
no wedding attendants.
Lieutenant Avery will very shortly re
turn to duty In the Philippines and will
be accompanied by his wife.
ALAMEDA TEAM WINS.
Basket-Ball Game Which the Asso
ciation Team Loses. •; ; ;
ALAMEDA, Feb. 17.— A large crowd of
enthusiasts saw the Alameda High School
team defeat the Cardinals of the San
Francisco Y. W. C. A. this afternoon by a
score of 1 to 0. The Alamedans ¦ were
slighter than their opponents, but made up
for that disadvantage by superior quick
ness and teamwork at critical moments.
The playing was open and fair, only two
of the Cardinals being obliged to retire on
account of Injuries.
The game consisted of two twenty
minute halves. At the end of the first
half honors were even and no score waa
made, though the ball was kept almost
entirely In Cardinal territory. The second
promised to end without a point for either
side, until four minutes before time was
called. Alameda then scored. Irma Sen
der was given the ball on a foul, and from
the fifteen-yard line tossed it into the bas
ket, making one point.
The High School players were: Touch
center, L. Ray Jacobs; right center and
captain, Vida McKean; left center, Clara
Houston: guard. Ruth Hebard: right
guard, Dorothy Bo wen; left guard, Daisy
Agar; goalman. Kathleen Lenihan; right
goalman, Eva Roesch; left goalman, Irma
Selder. . -
The San Francipco team was composed
of: Touch center and captain. Miss Tro
ville; right center. Miss E. Roberts: left
center. Miss M. Roberts; right forward.
Miss llappelmyer; left forward. Miss Ful
lerton: right back, Miss Baer; left back,
Miss Whittaker.
TOPHAM AGAIN ARRESTED
FOR EMBEZZLEMENT
BERKELEY. Feb. 17.— W. E. Topham,
defaulting secretary of the Berkeley
Electric Company, was arrested to-day on
another charge of embezzlement. This
was for the alleged appropriation of the
funds of Court 3772, I. O. F., when he was
secretary.
In the complaint, which is sworn to by
J. D. Layman, he 13 charged with the
embezzlement of $35 23 from that lodge
about a year ago. Topham, who once
moved in the best social circles on this
side of the bay. says he nffcrea to make
good the sum by paying $10 a month. The
lodge would not accept this agreement.
He was released in Judge Edgar's court
on $(V) 0 bonds. Otto Nlehaus and W. E.
Sell signing the bond.
NEW PRESIDENT FOR
ASSOCIATED CLUBS
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— At the meeting of
the Associated Improvement Clubs, held
last evening in the rooms of the Board of
Trade, Dr. N. K. Foster resigned as pres
ident and C. Chichester was elected to
fllll the vacancy.- The office of treasurer,
made vacant by the promotion of Chiches
ter. was filled by the election of J. s.
Wixson.
A committee, composed of B. H. Welsh,
W. W Morrison and James S. Nalsmith,
was appointed to draft resolutions of sym
pathy for the family of the late George
W. Drake. The resolutions were unani
mously adopted. At the next meeting of
the league the subject will be "Docks."
German Ladies Entertain.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— The German La
dies' Relief Society gave a most enjoyable
entertainment at Chapman's Hall lust
evening. Among the features of the affair
was a Juvenile cakewalk by Hazel Van
Haltren and Master Georgie Weaver, Gus
sie Katzand Ellie Rademan and May and
Charley Hughes. The honors were carried
off by Georgie Weaver and his youthful
partner: . • • .
• ¦ • • •
LAID TO REST
IN PEACEFUL
MOUNTAIN VIEW
Last Rites Over Mrs.
Foote's Remains.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 17.
The funeral of the late Mrs. W. W.
Foote. who died while traveling In China,
was held to-day from the family resi
dence at Thirteenth and Brush streets.
The services, which were most impressive,
though simple, were conducted, by Rev.
W. I. Kip Jr., rector of the Church of the
Good Samaritan of San Francisco. The
music was furnished by the Temple quar
tet, composed of Benjamin Clark, Alfred
Wilkie, Harry A. Molvln and George
Carleton. "My God, My Father," "Abide
With Mo" and "Good-night, I Am Going
Home," were beautifully rendered.
The casket was covered with a pall
composed of sprays ami clusters of flow
ers, and- the other floral tributes from
sorrowing friends were both many and
very beautiful. The pallbearers were
Judge F. W. lienshaw, John D. Spreck
els, Captain Edward Hackett, J. J. Ler
men, George W. Reed, Walter Matthews,
Rudolph Herold Jr. and George B. Mer
rill.
Among those who attended the obse
quies were Frank J. Moffltt, Shelby F.
Martin, W. G. Henshaw, John D. Spreck
els, Rudolph Herold Jr., William Hamil
ton Henry Fortmann, San Francisco;
Captain Edward Hackett, T. T. Dargie,
George W. Reed, Colonel John Hays, A.
A. Mcore 6r., A. A. Moore Jr.. R. M. Fitz
gerald, H. A. Melvln. ML C. Chapman, J.
L. Davic, Emil Nusbaumer, Stewart Al
drich of San' Francisco, W. Aldrich, Judge
Fred W. Henshaw. Thomas Prather, Wal
ter Hackett, Thomas. Carneal, Stanley
Jackson, Samuel Bell McKee, W. E. Dar
gie, Garret McEnerney, AJex T. Vogel
sang, George Merrill. Judge S. P. Hall,
W. D. Henshaw. Robert McKlllican,
George W. Baker, Edson F. Adams; John
D: English, John C. ' Adams, A. S. Mac
donald, Captain Kinder of the steamer
Coptic, San Francisco.
CRAZED BY THE OUTRAGE
OF HER LITTLE DAUGHTER
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— Crazed by j grief,
Mrs. Marie Harris started to 'commit
homicide to-day, and was only prevented
from so doing by the opportune arrival of
Detective Shorey. He had a desperate
struggle with the woman, and finally suc
ceeded in disarming her, after which he
had her sent to tho insane department of
ihr Receiving Hospital.
The woman is the wife of a Pullman car
porter and lives at 502 Walsworth avenue.
Six weeks ago her eight-year-old daugh
ter was criminally assaulted by Leon
Humphrey.fa colored youth, who lives In
the same neighborhood. The child made
no mention of the matter to her parents
¦
until yesterday, when she told her moth
er. Instead of informing the police Mrs.
Harris secured a revolver and started on
a hunt for young Humphrey. The Btory
of her child had driven her violently in
sane and she declared that she would
kill the boy.
"I'll shoot him and my daughter and
then myself," she shouted. Detective
Shorey, who happened to bo in the neigh
borhood, heard the cries of the frantic
woman and immediately started to take
her into custody. She made a strenuous
resistance and in the scufile attempted to
shoot him. After being Incarcerated In
the Insane ward of the Receiving Hospi
tal it became necessary to put a stralt
lacket upon the maniac to prevent her
from committing suicide- Young Humph
rey was arrested and confessed nis crime.
The father of the child Is away on a trip
and will not be home until next Tuesday.
» ? «
Royal Arcanum.
There Is considerable activity at this
time in the several councils' in conse
quence of the near approach of the date
for the meeting of the Grand Council.
This will be in Los Angeles on the 4th of
next March.
The reports from the various Jurisdic
tions of the United States, particularly
New York, Illinois and Missouri, have
been very gratifying to the membership
in this jurisdiction. Last month 4SO
strangers were initiated in one class in
Chicago.
At Its lnst hield meeting Argonaut
Council initiated one candidate. Golden
West Council did likewise and Buena
Vista initiated two and and had four to
be Initiated at the next meeting.
It is probable that L. A. Spence of
Sierra Council of Oakland will be the next
grand regent.
Past Regent George W. Dixon of Argo
naut Council has been commissioned dep
uty supreme regent for California and he
v.ill install tho officers of the Grand Coun
cil at Los Angeles.
» ? ¦
Companions of the Forest.
There was a "crowded house" in the so
cial hall of the Alcazar last Wednesday
night, on the occasion of the valentine so
cial given by Excelsior Circle. Irv addition
to the dancing programme there was one
of entertainment, consisting of music,
recitations and fancy dancing, that was
contributed by M. Chariok. Pross! Forrest
and Alice Meddlestlck, C. H. French, .Tes
sle Duke, Mlsb Mulcahy and Aianthy bar
ber. The rendition of the several num
bers won for the parties named many
rounds of applnuse. a proof that all ha«i
done well. The distribution of valentines
Curing the grand march was an amusing
feature, as each was in a sealed, unad
dressed envelope, and the misfits were uu
njprou.s ¦ , .
Th«v entertainment and social that Is to
he given by Palp Alto Circle will be »i
the 29th of March, in Union Square Hall,
on which occasion an excellent programoie
will be presented.
A i.ew circle with about sixty charter
members . will soon be instituted in Oak
land.
,- ¦ » ¦
Ancient Order Workmen.
Unity Lodge No. 27 has elected the fol
lowing named as Its delegates to the
Grand L*>dge: Past Masters James N.
Block, H. Urimshaw, E. Lfiwton, I. D.
Martin, C. W. Peck, P., A. Smith, A. W.
Tuggy and H. J. Trowbridge.
Valley Lodge on last Wednesday had a
protracted meeting, being in session until
nearly midnight discussing -a number of
matters affecting the ¦¦; prosperity of th©
lodge.
The extension committee is still at work
and it expects to make a good record this
month. ... ,-i^ ;.-,.;•.
BURGLAR WHOSE
GREED LANDS HIM
IN THE BASTILE
Stole More Than He
Could Conceal.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 17.
The local police force is congratulating
Itself upon the capture this morning of a
clever burglar who broke into the home
of Clement C. Clay, East Fourteenth
street and Twenty-seventh avenue, took
everything he could carry away and was
about to make his departure on the creek
route ferry when he was apprehended. It
was not till Detective Shorey, who made
the arrest on suspicion, had taken the
prisoner to the City Hall, that the stolen
articles were found, and it was not till the
prisoner had made a confession that any
body knew that the burglary had baen
committed.
The prisoner gave his name as Jacob
Humel and said he had effected an en
trance to the Clay home by forcing the
lock of a window which opened onto a
veranda. The burglary was committed
between » and 6 o'clock while the Inmates
were asleep, and so stealthily did the man
work that no one was the wiser for sev
eral hours later.
How the man managed to secrete so
many article.* about his person Is a mys
tery. A large plush dolman and some
underclothing he had wrapped In a paper
and in his pockets were found two dozen
cigars, two silver hand mirrors, four silk
handkerchiefs, bearing the initials "I. C.
S.;" two pair of pearl and silver mounted
opera glasses, one of which bore the In
itials "M. '/.. S.;" several silver button
hooks and shoe slides, two manicure sets
complete, a pair of field glasses, a bulls
eye lantern, two silver Jewelry cases, gold
and silver thimbles, a black muffler with
the Initials "C. C. C." and other silver
mounted toilet articles. In a leather
purse was found $5 95 and In a silver purse
was found $25 in gold. Most of the
articles belonged to Mr. Clay, his niece
Miss M. Z. Sinclair, and Miss C. D. Dag
gett. who recently came from her home in
Southern California to visit the Clay
family.
Humel claimed to have recently come
from Port Costa, where he had been
working, and his indiscriminate stealing
of everything handy and his ready confes
sion bear out his story that he Is a novice
Ladies of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Hlve.No. 8 of the Ladles
of the Maccabees at Its review on the 2d
lnst. in the Oriental Hall of the Alcazar
were, after the routine business and un
der good of the order, entertained in a
most pleasing manner by Mesdames Edna
Harris. Libble Diel and Gertrude "Wastler
The ladles of this hive entertained the
sir knights of Ban Francisco Tent No. IS
of the Knights of the Maccabees on the
night of the 16th lust.
25WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETEJO. F»hw 13 to 14. Inclusive
Six high-class running races every weaic
day, rain or shine, beginning; at 1:30 p. m.
Ths Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trorj atep directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they caa
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:35. 12. iJ
and 1:25 p. m., returning immediately aft -r
last race at 4:4S p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
sirved for women and their escorts. No sraolt-
Ing. Valencia street, 10 minute* later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at Saa
Bruno at 12:43 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:M
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, ILK.
2.TJ. \r~. w - J - MARTIN. Presidsnt.
F. H. OREEX. Secretary nnd Manager.
1 V* P HAIR
\%L ONTHE
*K/ih& PERMANENTLY
T fWA REMOVED,
B. B. B. ENGLISH CAROMEL
Sold Under a Guarantee to Remove
Superfluous Hair and Also Prevent Its
Growth.
Kaa Franclseo, Jan. X, I*oo.
MADAME HTGEI A— Please acoopt my hearty
thacka for your letter of 81st. I ana glmA to
cay I found the article I to much n«*dod. I
had tri*d the electric needle at an Immense
cost, but It was of no practical value. The
B. B. B. English Carcmel IS effectual. It la
ft little eloTv. but It Is «ure. Affaln thanking
you, I am yours reepectfully,
MRS. F. HARLAX. UZZ Folsom rt.. B. F.
WRINKLES, WRIKKLES, WRINKLES.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Youth and Beauty pre-
served fey uelc«r this marvel of the eg-a. Keeps
the ekln smooth, white and pliable.
ELITE FACE POWDER— This powder !«
chemically pure and Is a prevention for super-
fluous hair
Free examination of the scalp.
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff.
Ftimulates the scalp, produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bzicht.
Ecalp treatment.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
ESS Market Street.
giirflrwtng. 260; manicuring, £Set ehasnpoo-
tt*. 2to; facial irmwura jutf auaaisf.
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY, February 13, 1930.
GRAND OPEN STAKE!
Next Thursday,
Washington's Birthday,
INGLESIDE
CUP STAKE.
Limited to Forty Entries.
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
DEETS AND DON,
Character Change Artists.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Beginning MONDAY,
Third and Last Week,
THE FAMOUS
MONDAT. THTJRSDAT AJTD FHIDAY.
"THE SERENADE."
TUESDAY.
"THE VICEROY."
WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY NIGHTS and
SATURDAY MATINEE,
"ROBIN HOOD."
Monday, February 28- DE?TM AW THOMPSON"
and "THE OLD HOMESTEAD."
AMUSEMENTS.
"HOOT MON,"
We Are Breaking All Records!
And the Superb Company at the
TO-NIGHT Repeats for the
Fortieth Performance
"THE
Which To-morrow Evening Enters on
THE SIXTH WEEK
OF ITS CAREER OF FUNMAKING!
EVENINGS AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Special Matinee Next Thursday,
Washington's Birthday.
Prices as of Old: 25c and 50c
AMTTSEHENTS. ,U
"N
COMMENCINC THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON
AXD EVERY EVENING AND NEXT SATURDAY MATINEE.
:•••• : Do Not Forget tho : t
: IMPORTANT : WASaiNUTON'S BIHTHDAY MATISKI : IMPORTANT |
: : On Thursday, Teh. 22. : :
THE GREAT WHITE CZAR OF ALL FUN SHOWS I
Third and Best Edition of That Rapid. Roaring and Rollicking Farce
Introducing Those Comic Fellows
CHARLES PUSEY | An g o 'SSri 1 t eilt I BERT ST. JOHN
25-HIGH-CLASS ARTISTS-23
CATCHIEST AND BRIGHTEST SPECIALTIES r
THE NEWEST THINGS iN MUSICAL FARCE!
ELABORATE SCENERY! BEAUTIFUL COSTUME 3!
SUND.* •¦' ' •'TERNOON. FEBRT'ARY 25th,
M&dOlE MOORE, ROBERTS COMPANY
-¦:'¦¦"- '___ In a Spl^ndM Repertoire of New Playa.
Dr. B. M. Stich and H. B. Knox ren
dered vocal solos and Dr. M. J. Sullivan
gave some recitations, all of which added
greatly to the pleasure of the evening.
The Arewen Club gave a whist party at
the residence of Miss Emily Anderson, 2661
Howard street, on the evening of St.
Valentine's day. After the games or
whist and the "distribution of prizes re
freshments were served. Some of tne
members rendered a few musical selec
tions. Among those present were Miss
Laura Collins, Miss Maybelle Hart, Miss
Emma McCulloch. Miss Edith McEwen.
Miss Margaret Saul, Miss Fannie Saul
Miss Alice Young, Miss Hertha Buhl. Miss
Emily Anderson, Miss Emma Brooks.
Miss Lillian Lubben entertained the
Fortnightly Whist Club at her home
Monday evening. The house was prettily
decorated with Chinese lanterns, flowers
and smilax. After a closely contested
game the prizes were awarded to mi^s
Theresa Meyer. Mrs. William Broderson.
Miss Eleanor Mever, William Muir and
Paul Westerfleld. " On the 26th inst. the
gentlemen members of the club will enter
tain tho ladies with a theater party at
the Columbia and supper at the Palace.
A very enjoyable evening was spent on
Sunday, February 11. at the Alcazar The
ater by the Clover Social Club. Those
present were: The Misses Lena Plagemann,
Cora Munk, Amanda Siebenbaum, Frieda
Munk, WaJlie Schwartz. Lillle Hogan and
Honey Plagremann, and Messrs \VIII A.
Mohr, Herman Weishaupt, Vi ill J. Plage
mann. Alfred Henry, Bernard Kramer,
Oscar Jentz, Walter Rusch, Sam Plage
mann, Henry de Smet. • '".
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club were de
lightfully entertained by Miss Grace Glld
den at her home. 2712 Webster street, on
Thursday evening. The games were close
ly contested, the first prizes being won
by Miss Wolfe and O. Colleschpnn. Sev
eral vocal selections were beautifully ren
dered by Oscar Frank. Those present
were: Miss G. Glidden, F. Bronson Miss
L. Beaman, O. Frank, Miss B. L. Gam
bltz, W. H. Robinson, Miss D. Golden,
William G. Lee, Miss A. Villguth, Mr.
Glidden. Miss H. Kiefaber. Dr. L. R..Gam
bits, Miss Kenny, W. B. Burner, Mis 3 F.
Gambitz, M. Lindsay, Miss S. Logan, H.
H. Nlemeyer, Miss Umbeck, Mr. Morgan.
Miss F. Smith, O. Colleschonn, Miss
Wolfe, Dr. J: W. Likens.
Th« d'Accord Club held a most enjoy
able valentine party at Century Hall on
the 13th Inst. Among the pleasant feat
ures of the evening was a valentine dance,
during which pretty favors wer© grlven
out. Later on the valentines sent to the
different members of the club were dis
tributed, causing much merriment to all.
Those enjoying this most pleasant even
ing of the club were: Miss Josephine
Fratinger, Miss Jeannette Boardman,
Miss B. Jacques, Miss Tudle Crooks, Miss
Clara Keemm. Miss Kate Meyer, Miss
Eleanor Meyer, Miss Reglne Plagemann,
Miss Lenore" Worth, Miss Clara Schmidt,
Miss Bosquet, Miss Ella yon Kap-ff, Miss
Emma Becker, Miss M. Hart. Misa Elsie
Hammersmith, Miss Ella Westerfeld,
Miss Hermanda Joost and Mrs. J. P.
Whitney, Messrs. Harry Gates, J. Chll
ton, W. A. Hofman, H. C. Lassen, W.
Plagemann, H. Schmidt. Fred Antz, Wal
ter Harder, W. Weglehner, J. P. Whit
ney, E. A. Groezinger, W. Bunker. Al
Antz, Paul Westerfeld, Dr. A. J. Sylves
ter, XV. Klumpp, L. Hart. T. Jacques and
E. Schraubstadter.
In the Future.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will give their fifth assembly and
german of the season on next Friday
evening, February 23, at the Palace Hotel.
The San Francisco Hebrew Social Club
(incorporated) will give its Blxth annual
purlm prize mask ball at Odd Fellows'
Hall on Sunday evening, March 11.
A grand ball will be given by the San
Francisco Frauen Vereln at Saratoga Hall
on Thursday evening, February 22.
The Tuesday Night Cotillon Club will
hold its eleventh reception in Cotillon
Hall Tuesday evening, February 20, under
the management of C. W. Iverson, A. A.
Reed, A. L. Lissner and E. Babun.
Mr. and Mrs. 11. Ehrllch will hold a re
ception on Sunday afternoon, February
25, from 2 to 5 at their residence, 009
Golden Gate avenue, in honor of their
twenty-fifth wedding anniversary.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Landry C. Babln have left
for a two months' visit to their relatives
in New Orleans. After the Mardl Qras
celebration their "visit will extend to all
the Eastern and Northern cities.
Mrs. B. W. Paulsen leaves San Fran
cisco on the 25th of February for New
York and will sail for Europe on the
steamer Patricia in company with Mrs.
and Miss Gottlg.
Miss Katie Zalt has Just returned from
a four months' tour through Arizona and
Southern California.
Major William Fahey of the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel has gone to Auburn, Placer
County, for a few we*ks for the benefit of
his health.
Mrs. and Miss Scharlach will remain In
Southern California for the balance of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
Bhelmer, H. Stillspn. Allen Brown, I>an
McFarland, Sterl^i Boothe, Don Carlton,
Fred Parmentiec jNed Field, George Kel
lar. Gay Lewis, Earl Lewis, Sam Bonsall,
Stanley Heywood, William Kemper. Will
Evans, Oscar Lawler, Jack Taylor, Eu
gene Overton, Will Phelps, John Dagg-ett,
Richard Dillon, Lawrence Shlnn, Albert
Moore, Louis Meyers, Will Conway, W.
Bailey. Harrold Schoder. E. R. Monte,
Dr. John McGarry and Dr.. John Ferbert.
H. W. Frank has returned from a busi
ness trip to the East.
Mrs. W. L. Goodwin has returned from
a business visit to Pomona.
Mrs. J. H. Norton has as her guest Miss
Mazle Mather of Napa.
Earl Rodgers has returned from a brief
visit to San Francisco.
Miss Mabel Bond of Toledo, Ohio, Is the
guest of friends in this city.
Dr. and Mrs. A. S. Shorb have returned
from a visit to Catalina.
The engagement of Miss Louise Jastro,
daughter of H. A. Jastro of Bakers Held,
to Mcl Chadbourne of this city is an
nounced.
Mrs. H. M. Sale has returned from a
visit to friends in Santa Paula.
Mrs. S. T. Cross has as her guest her
sister, Mrs. William Sauntry of Coldwa
ter. Minn. . «
Mme. Genevra Johnstone-Blshop and
Miss Greta Hatch are the guests of Colo
nel and Mrs. R. M. Baker at Monovla for
a few days.
The engagement of Miss Mabel Claire
Godfrey, dnuphter of Mrs. Mary God
frey, to Addison B. Day is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Dehm of San Dieso
are passing their honeymoon in Los An
geles.
Mr. and Mrs. N. W. Myrick have re
turned from a visit to Coronado.
A. G. Beyer of thla city has pone to
New Yorfc.
•Miss Helen Ross- has as her gruest the
Misses Mary and Ethel Peck of Chicago.
W. E. Hall has returned from a visit
to his mother in Riverside.
Mrs. J. W. Rodpers is visiting friends
in the north.
Miss Belle Reynolds of Elkhart, Ind.,
Is visltinp In this city. She expects to
remain about a month.
Judge and Mrs. C. N. Sterry have aa
their guest Mrs. Anna Bryant Bcott of
Helena, Mont.
Miss Alice Blythe> has gone to Pheonlx,
Ariz., where she will visit friends for
the remainder of the winter.
Miss Josephine Long and Mrs. Leslie
Smith of Ontario are the guests of Los
Angeles friends.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AJTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE: RUTH NELTA and PICK-
ANINNY: BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN;
DOUOLASS and FORD; 'PAUL LA CROIX ;
OEORGE BYRD; VOLKYRA and NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
SPECIAL! Amateur Night
NEXT WEDNESDAY.
Balloon Ascension and Fireworks
Washington's Birthday.
Phono for Seats PARK 23
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, Sunday
February 18th, 1900.
OPEN
STAKE!
Ninety-Six Nominations
NEXT SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY,
February 24 and 25.
Greatest Conrsingj^^^
Events of the Year,^^ 1 *
JOHN GRACE
..AND..
BELLE BRANDON
Challenge Gups.
TRAIN SERVICE*
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. in.; Twemty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning at 4:45
p. m/ und after last course. San Mateo electric
oars every six minutes direct,
ADMISSION, SS CENTS. LADIES FREE.
America's Favorite Comedlenns,
KATHRYN OSTERMAN,
ASSISTED BY THOMAS TUTHER. Presenting
"W. H. Lindeman'B Comedy Sketch,
"THE EDITOR."
HARRIS and FIELDS,
World-renowned Character Comedians.
DE WITT AND BURNS,
Eccentric Acrobats and Perch Equilibrists.
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS,
"Just a German Girl.
«-S|i— :HE laet few remaining: flays of the
j season are replete with promises of
j| many gay entertainments that will
bring: a remarkably happy season to
t brilliant close.
On Friday evening the regular meeting
cf the Friday Fortnlghtlys took place.
The gathering, a large and fashionable
one, enjoyed the dance and the excellent
music. Miss Georgian* Hopkins, Miss Ed
na Hopkins and Miss Caro Crockett led
the cotillon, introducing several new and
extremely pretty figures.
The ladies in the first set were: Mlsb
Florence Baldwin, Mis-s Genevleve Caro
lan. Miss Dillon, Miss Bernlce Drown,
Miss Helen Hopkins, Miss Mary Green
vood Josselyn. Miss Azalea Keyes, Miss
Isobtl Kittle. Ml.=s Frances Moore, Miss
Therese Morgan, Mise Margaret Salis
bury. Miss Kate Scott and Miss Beulah
Stubbs.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. P.
Barbieri, 1325 Clay street, their daughter.
Clorinda Florence, waa married February
11 to B?-n N. Trobock. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father Joseph Gui
bert. F. M.. of the French Catholic Church
and wae witnessed by immediate relatives
only. After the wedding and congratula
tions a sumptuous repast was served. The
Jiome was beautifully decorated for the
occasion with smilax, violets and roses.
The newly wedded couple left for an ex
tended trip through the south and on their
return will occupy their beautiful resi
dence row being erected on Taylor street,
near Washington. The bride is the daugh
ter of P. Barbieri, one of the directors of
the Italian-American Bank. Mr. Tro
bock, the happy groom, is a member of
the well-known commission firm of Tro
bock & Bergen.
They're Engaged.
Mrs. Catherine Macßrown of 502 D
Etreet, Petaluma. announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Marie Catherine,
to Randolph Julien Leavenworth of San
Rafar-1. The wedding will take place early
In April.
Mrs. M. Meyer announces the engage
ment of her daughter Carrie to Seymour
Goldsmith. They will receive Sunday.
February 25, from 2 to 5. at 11118 Golden
Gate avenue.
The engagement is announced, of Miss
LAllian, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M.
Greer.berg of this city, to Samuel LAvlng
ston of Oakland.
Mrs. A. Borowsky announces the en
ragement of her daughter Julia to Eugene
Brown. They will receive Sunday, Feb
ruary 18, from 2 to 6 o'clock, at 1315 La
puna street.
Mr. and Mrs. Jameson announce the en
fagement of their daughter Birdie
acoby to H. Dimond. They will receive
their friends Sunday, February 18, from
t to 5 p. m.. at 117 Harriet street.
The engagement reception of Miss Lulu
Berliner and I. Frledlander will be held
to-day from 2 to 5 at 430 A Fulton street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Harris will hold a re
ception In honor of the engagement of
their daughter Carrie to Ignatz Levy on
Sunday, February 25, from 2 to 6, at 627
Eddy etreeU
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Jessie Hoffman and Samuel Meyer.
Th»» engagement is announced of Albert
J. Clarke and Miss Gertrude Raphael
both of Marypville.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Gertrude R. Spellan and Harold A. Virlan.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Bloom announce a re
ception in honor of the engagement of
their daughter. Miss Amelia Bloom, to E.
A BILL UNSURPASSED IN
QUALITY and QUANTITY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 633. ">^
PACKED TO THE DOORS XIGHTI.T
THIRD WEEK of the Greatest of All Extra-
vagnnxas.
JR.
Commencing TO-MORROW EVRNTNO.
THIRD EDITION
'"Irish Cake Walk"
... Arthur Woolfy and Ma> Chorun
A Chinese Bill of Fare" Winfred Goff
(First time on any stage. Words by
Thomas Newton. Music by Theodor
Vost, both of this city.)
"Btars In the Heavens Are Telling of You"
Hattle Belle La.ld and Male Quartet
Song, "The Man In the Moon Won't Tell"
and Variations of Toe Dancing
Little Ma-Jd* Srvr*ns»n
CHARLES H. JONES" DIVERTING PARA-
DOX. "I DOTE ON THE MILITARY."
Introducing a March of Beautiful Girls In
Gorseoua Military Trapping, which Is com-
plicated hy the Entrance nt a Train of
Xursegirls with Rabl** in Carriages, tn on»
of the latter Arthur Wooler In the character
of Baby Bunting with Song. "Baby Isn't
Old Knou-h to Know."
"The Sweetest Story Ever Told" fhr r»-
luest) F.rtlth Ma«nn>%
"Moses Levl Cohn" (by unanimous wish)..
a William Wolff
The Capriole Octet and Ferl Quartet in New
Selections.
THE HAWAIIAN QIINTET In Musical Nov«U
tl*s and by General Desire in "ALOHA
OE." the Composition of th<» Lata
Queen of the Hawaiian
Iples.
AND THE MUCH CL-XMORED AFTER
One. two, three, four.
Sometimes I wish they were mor»J
Eln, Bwei, iWI. vler.
I love the one that's near;
Yet. nee. <<am, pee,
So «ays the heathen Chlne#.
Fair girl* bereft.
There will get I-^ft,
Akahl. Elau, Ekolu.
"WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
THURSDAY XEXT EXTRA MATTVBB
USUAL POPULAR PRICEB.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Thursday
Matinee 23c.
Branch Ticket Office. EMPORIUM.
WEEEY CALL *
SI pep Year.
OILVM^f/I BODY ST..
\*fK* M iWIMt/A con. mason
THE ONX.Y FREE VAUDEVILLE BHOW IN
THE CITY.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
TRIXEDA,
Ths Greatest Beauty on th« Vaudeville Stage.
MLLE. THELMA.
In New Poses Plastlqu*.
The Famous DE MEIR SISTERS,
AND A HOST OF OTHERS,
. ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY,.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHIN/JTON STS— RE-
modsled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, Me to fl 60 day;
IS totS week; JS to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: firo grates In evsry
mo; elevator runs all night.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
Th« greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It renders the skin soft.
smooth, clear, white and :.%^>i_
youthful. It Is a liquid. J^/fii .j.J*i
Any cream of the con- o«s3sE»PraBs§«
sistency of butter will ?"P\ :Z££ 4^y*S&
cumulate the srowth of r2J2ff_S*^.33»
hair on the face. Brah- iStaT *T§SSSi
man Toilet Cream la «* ; fef
puaranJerd not to do so. O&SS^ *s^^a«j
All druggists and at nV/Sll&l3$w&5~
office of A. W. TRAY- ncvffilLafrffSy r <;.
ERSE. M. D.
CUSHMAN, HOLCOMBE AND CURTIS,
In Their Great Success,
"THE -:- NETV -:- TEACHER."
MONROE AIND MAGIC,
Singing and Talking Comedians.
ROMALO BROTHERS
Head-to-head Balancing Acrobats.
American Blograph.
Entirely New Series of Vlewa,
Vfe«k Commencing TO-DAY (SUNDAY),
MATINEE, Feb. 18— Parquet 23 cent*, any seat;
Balcony 10 cents; opera chairs and box seats
50 cents.
A few front Orchestra Rows, Reserved, M
cents; Front Seats of Balcony, Reserved, 25
cents.
"CROWDED AT EVERY PERFORMANCE."
(THE PEOPLE" S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 77 O.
% T ,tt™ 0 MATINEE
Last TO-DA Y.
\\T Ar TO-NIGHT.
WCCK* Th 9 Greatest Motion Plo-
tures Ever Produced.-
AFTERNOONS DAILY AT 2:15 SHAEP.
EVENINGS AT 8:15 SHARP.
BHOWINO EVERY MOVE FROM START TO
FINISH OF THIS GREATEST BAT-
TLE OF MODERN TIMES.
THE JEFFRIES-
SHARKEY
COIfTEST PICTURES.
25 ROUNDS
To see this battle will be such an opportunity
as the majority will not hnve had in years
BEWARE OF TICKET SPECULATORS.
PRICES :
Matinees — General Admission tSc and BOc
Evenings— Reserved 16c. 25c. SSc. 60c and 76c
COMING— "HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH'"
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
MATIN I3U (TO-DAY) SUNDAY.
TO-NIGH-T "OH! SUSANNAH"
T-MORJtO'W. I AND BNTIRK
NIGHT, | WEEK.
MORE FUN THAN EVKR.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHERJ '
EXTRA MATINEE! THURSDA.T.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
15c, 25c R ill^f D 35c, 50c.
H. Levy of San Francisco, at their home,
156 Park avenue, San Jose, on Saturday,
February 25. from 2 to 5 o'clock.
.
Wedding Bells.
A pretty wedding took place on the
morning of the sth inst. in St. Rose's
Church, Santa Rosa. Frank A. Sullivan
of this city and Miss Mary McNamara of
Santa Rosa were united in marriage by
Rev. Father Cassin. The maid of honor
was Miss Sadie McNamara, sister of the
bride, and J. Sharon of San Mateo was
best man. The church was beautifully
decorated and the ceremony was wit
nessed by a large number of friends and
relatives. An elaborate wedding break
fast was served afterward at the home of
the bride's parents. The parlors and din
ing-room were handsomely decorated.
The groom Is the son of Mrs. E.
Sullivan of this city, and Is a popular
member of the Young Men's Institute.
The bride is the eldest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. McNamara and Is one of Santa
Rosa's fairest daughters and a general
favorite among her many friends. Later
on in the day the happy couple left for
San Francisco, where, after a brief stay,
they will go to San Mateo, where they
will reside.
On Sunday afternoon, February 11, Miss
Ethel Spacher, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
P. J. Spacher, was married to Arthur E.
Scani ell. The ceremony took place at the
bride's home, 3111 Sacramento street. Rev.
W. Jenkins officiating. The bride was ac
companied by her sister, Miss Myrtle
Spacher. who acted as bridesmaid. John
A. Jackson acted as best man. After a
repast the couple took the afternoon train
for Monterey.
MJsb Julia Gyle and Maurice S. Born-
Fteln were married Sunday evening at the
home of the bride's father at 1429 Web
ster street. The guests numbered 100.
The pretty home was tastefully decorated
wth garlands, potted plants and flowers
arranged through halls, parlors and ban
quet room. To the notes of Mendelssohn's
wedding march the bridal pair, preceded
by Miss Beatrice Gyle, the bride s sister,
emerged from the hall, the bride leaning
on the arm of her father, while the
bridegroom was conducting his mother.
They entered the parlors from the western
end and slowly advanced to the large bay
window, taking position beneath a silken
canopy, which was suspended from four
gilded poles, entwined with flowers and
festoons. Rabbi Nieto officiated at the
ceremony, after which congratulations
were exchanged and the guests proceeded
to the banquet room, where a splendid
dinner was served. Miss Gyle is the
daughter of Louis A. Gyle, one of the
pioneer merchants of Northern Califor
nia. The groom is the Junior partner of
Wiener & Bornstein, manufacturers, of
this city. The young couple have gone to
Southern California for a bridal tour. On
their return they will reside in this city.
Home Gatherings.
A reception was given to Count R. de
Atto at the home of Mrs. Wilbur on Tues
day evening last. A very enjoyable pro
gramme was prepared for the occasion.
Including piano solos by the count
Among those present were Miss M Wil
bur, Jlisses N. and D. Dagenais, Misses
K. and D. Seymour, Miss Crocker, Mr S
Lee. Count de Atto, Mr. J. Costigan, Pro
fessor B. Boronda, Mr. William Enrigbt
Jr., George Adams.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph de Malder cele
brated the twentieth anniversary of their
marriage at their resilience, 12dV» Silver
street, Saturday evening, February 10
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs J de
Malder, Mr. and Mrs. J. Griffin, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Carr, Mr. and Mrs. J. Gallagher,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Levinberg. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Montgomery. Mr. and Mrs. H. Francis
Mrs. E. Davidson. Miss Mary de Malder
Miss \ Innie trancis. Miss Agnes Griffin
Miss Tillle Predusle, Mlbs Margaret Fla
herty. Miss Tillie Beatty, Jack McDonald
Harry King-well, Chauncey In sails Ar
thur Jackson. Lieutenant Fred Marsh and
Arthur Hammar.
Miss Alice Dirking was given a very en
joyable surprise party at her residence 8
Fair avenue. Saturday evening, Febt'u
ary 3. The evening was very pleasantly
spent In dancing and games. A delightf-u
repast was served at 11 o'clock. Those
present were: Miss Julia Badlng Miss
Gertrude Crampton. Miss Eva Clancy
Miss Alice Dirking. Miss Millie Doherty'
Miss Sadie Doherty. Miss Ella Keatinir'
Miss Maud Kelly Miss Dollie Lowenberg
Miss Mattle Neubert, Edmund Doherty'
James Doherty, Charles Jacobs Frank
Kelly. William Kelly. Edmund' Kelly
Archibald Kohleman, Ernest McCandlsh
Carl Mlchaelsis. Ernest Michaelsls, Thom
as Mahoney, Emll Stenberg, Frank Wor
rell and Mr. and Mrs. Walter N. Kelly
A delightful home social was given by
George Mensor at his residence 636%
Halght Btreet. on Sunday. February 1L
The evening was spent in dancing and
games, after which the guests sat down
to a bountiful supper.
Miss Agnes Donovan was the recipient
of a pleasant surprise party Saturday
evening, February 3. at the residence of
her parents, 30 Elliot park. The evening
was spent In games and dancing, after
which an elaborate supper was served.
The Invited guests were: Mr. and Mrs
F. Moore. Mrs. A. Stein. Mrs. 8. Walsh.
D. Kelly, the Misses Lillian Mitchell. Ca
mella Gorardi, Ethel and Emma Peterson
May Beechinor. Grace Walsh, Esther and
Agnes Donovan, Christine Schroeaer
Florence Wrist, Lena Bantel, Henrietta
Gunther, Lizzie Lagomarslno and Mada-
LecomarElsa, Koraaa Beechinor^
George Mahon, Albert Bchultze, George
and William Donovan, Louis Applariua,
Henry Whitby," Chester Kelly, Claire
Moore, George Clayton, Elmer John&on
and Gilbert Hull.
A pleasant surprise party was fjven to
Mies Edna Price at her residence, 3038
Sixteenth street, Saturday evening, Feb
ruary 10. Tho evening was spent in games,
dancing and music. Some > fanoy d*nces
were rendered by Miss Edith Robertson
and Miss Lillian Beaumont. Those pres
ent were the Misses Edna Price. Louise
Plagemann, Josle Cohen. Carmen Brad
ford, Sadie Rothschild, Lillian Beaumont,
Edith Robertson, Mabel Murphy. Mattl©
Knoblock. Irene Noonan, T«ssi* Price,
Irene Wichman, Emma Kuhlman, Beat
rice May and Essie Clunan, Mesar*.Aus
tin Shannon, Arthur Cohen, Chester
Bridgeford, Douglas Graham. Charles
Avisf William Mayers. Ray Elder, George
Elden John McWhirter, Harry Burnham,
Charles Ludlow, Will Boyle. Claude
Dickey, Mr. and Mrs. Burnham, Miss
Kelly Mr. G. A. Doane, Miss Mayers,
Mrs." Xoonan, Miss Bartley.
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Ida May Pfeifter at her
home, 6tf> Linden avenue, Saturday even
ing, February 10. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs H. Pfeiffer. Mr. and Mrs S.
I. Simmons. Mr. and Mrs. L. Stuhr, Mrs.
M Buhr, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Reed, Mr.
and Mrs. C. D. Crowley, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Acrcct. Miss Ida May Pfeifter. Miss Liz
zie Reed, Miss Mamie Toomey, Miss Bar
bara McAvoy, Miss Lizzie Ryan, Mrs C.
Pfeiffer. Miss Emma Pfeiffer.
Last Friday evening a most enjoyable
surprise party was tendered to Miss J.
Burr Collins "by several of her many
friends. The evening was pleasantly epont
In games and dancing. At 10:30 light re
freshments were served. After supper
dancing was again resumed. Among those
present were: Misses Burr Collins, Ida
Remington, Rheta" Haynes. Hazel Buck
ley Clair Kaufmann. Mabel Dodge, Cordle
Collins. Ethel Northon. Helen Lang, Lo
retta Brady. Isabel Henderson, Sophie
Lohmann and Carrie Southerland. Julian
Greene, Tilden Dickens, Percy A. Will
lama, Charles Collins, Arthur Greene, Wil
fred Levin, Edward Rosenlund, Morris
Levy, Clair Gordon, Harry Dexnpeey.
Moses Beer. Edgar Owens, Mervyn Levy.
Israel Rothenburg, Harry Euler and Fran
cis Grives. „ __?, .
Thursday. February 8, will be re
membered a long time by those who were
fortunate enough to be present at the
birthday party given by Mrs. Iba to her
husband on .his fortieth birthday. It is
an old custom In some parts of Germany
(Mr. and Mrs. Iba's birthplace) to cele
brate the maturity of a man on the for
tieth anniversary of his birth. Mr. Iba. is
an old resident and citizen of the Mission,
and a host of friends were present. Tha
festivities were kept up until the sun be
gan to creep over the hills. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. Iba, Mr. and
Mrs. Cosgrove, Mr. and Mrs. Brooks. Mr.
and Mrs. Petersen, Mr. and Mrs. Miller,
Mrs. Kaufman, Mrs. Powers. Mrs. Lee,
Mrs. Wagner, Mr. and Mrs. Madlock: the
Misses Grace and Edith Heide, Nicholson,
Geispeiler. Miller, May Junta, Homans,
Messrs. Marcel Tanron, Dan Sutright,
Stephen Heick, De Witt, Shaftner, James
Mulrooney, Sara Strauss, Samuel Atkln;
Master Shaftner and Master Leo WeiL
Club Parties.
The members of Company O, First Regi
ment, League of the Cross Cadeta, have
completed arrangements for their first
grand military ball, to be held on Feb
ruary 21, at Mission Opera Hall, Mission
street, between Seventeenth and Eigh
teenth.
It will be an evening drees affair and
the members of the regiment will attend
in uniform. The following committees
will be in charge:
Committee of arrangement* — Lieuten
ant T. J. Curtin, Privates W. Harriman,
F. de Carteret, L. O'Connell, W. Gul
naw, B. Bogue. Reception committee —
Sergeants A. Nicoll, T. Hurley, G. Rich
ardson, Corporal J. Miley. Musician J.
Kane, and P. St. John. Floor manager,
Caotain J. H. Wesflear. Assistant floor
manager. Lieutenant T. J. Curtin. Floor
committee—Sergeants J. Dennison, L.
Fullum, Musician G. White, Privates J.
Bogue and T. O'Day.
The Usona Club entertained It* mem
bers and friends with a trolley ride St.
Valentine's evening. The party reached
the cliff about 10 o'clock, where a delight
ful repast was served.- After suoper danc
ing ensued for the remainder of the even-
Ing.
Those present were: Mrs. Dr. A. Ash
worth, Mrs. Pracy, Dr. Kate Duff, Miss
Annie Holjes, Miss Grace Locke. Miss
Linehan, Miss Rose McDonald, Miss Bes
sie Hob*. Miss Edna Laurance. Miss May
Nicol, Misses Mary and Ethel Nelson.
Miss Elizabeth Potter, Missea Maude and
Chrissle Pennlngton, Miss Edna Pracy,
Misses Lucy and Ida Qulnton, Misses Ella
and Lottie Schneider. Miss Irene Wich
man, Dt. F. Ashwortb, Dr. Byron, Will
iam Byron, F. Berry, C. E. Balzarinl, Dr.
Colburn, E. Colburn. James Conrad,
Henry Locke, Mr. Llneham, A. Peterson,
J. Bidgeway, Elmo Magee, George Quin
ton, Ed Sellers, N. W. Schneider. H. F.
Stleper. R. R, Strange, Charles Trull,
Paul wllkins and George Young.
The annual banquet of the XI Psi Phi
Fraternity of the dental department of
the University of California was held at a
downtown restaurant Friday evening,
February 9. Covers were spread for fifty
persons, those present representing the
faculty, alumni and students of the col-
Among those who sat at the tables were
Drs. C. L. Goddard, A. A. d'Ancona, J.
M. Williamson, A. If. Lengfeld, W. B.
Lewltt, M. J. Sullivan and W. F. Sharp of
the faculty; Drs. J. D. Hodgen, C. A. Lit
ton, B. M. Stich, O. Tobriner, H. L.
Seager, Davis. Hughes, Chappel, Stalder,
Gedge. Jeffrey, Keefe. Piper, Watkins, Al
len, Colegrove and Blake of the teaching
staff and alumni and Messrs. Blackburn,
Broad, Burns, Graham, Finley, Millberry,
Stern, Herbert, Henderson, Knox, Lind
say, Conner, Cooper, Llllard, Carlisle, Mc-
Cllsh, Hocker, Vaughan, Ginno, Reading,
Chllton, Hoska, Hackett, Hartman and
Cummlngs of the students.
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona acted as master of
ceremonies of the evening, being Intro
duced by Mr. J. H. Finley. Toasts were
responded to by Drs. C. L. Goddard, A. L.
Lengfeld, J. M. Williamson. J. D. Hodgen
and H. G. Chappel and Mrs. W. D.
Carlisle, G. S. Conner, W: W. Reading and
P. S. Cummlngs.
¦winior season.
Mrs. Will Horabin of Grants, N. Mex..
is here on a visit to her mother, Mrs. H.
'. Rampe, 717 Webster street.
Following are the arrivals for the past
veek at Paralso Springs; Rev. P. Farley.
King City; Charles Demanfre, Soledad;
Edward White, Watsonvllle; L. R. Ellert,
E. L.. Perrault, C. F. Taylor. Thomas J.
Clunie, C. H. Maddox, Pan Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Robertson, proprietor
of GUroy Hot Springs, have returned
home after two months of pleasure travel
In Southern California and Old Mexico.
Mrs.-'I. Scatena and her daughter, Miss
F. Scatena, have returned from a four
weeks' stay at Los Angeles, where they
were the recipients of many social atten
tions.
Los Angeles.
The most notable society event of the
week was a large and elegant reception
given by Mrs. J. W. A. Off, at her home,
In Flgueroa street, on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs. Off was aeslsted In receiving by Mes
damea E. T. Off, Charles Off, I. N. Van
Nuys, A. H. Busch, M. T. Allen, Ellen B.
Farr of Pasadena and the Misses Clara
.Hawes, May Newton and Mabel Bond of
Toledo, Ohio. The llat of Invited guests
numbered about 800.
Mrs. M. A. Wilcox gave a children's
party on Tuesday afternoon for her little
granddaughter, Daphne Drake. Little
Miss Drake was dressed as Mother Goose
and her guests all represented characters
of the Mother Goose rhymes. Following
is a list of guests: Fannie McFarland,
Alice Cllne, Constance Cllne, Margaret
Griffith. Eleanor MacGowan, Elizabeth
Hicks, Marie Hoyle, Eleanor Banning,
Sarah Blaisdell. Florence Wood. Eliza
beth Wood, Nan Vail, N. Whiting, Han
cack Banning, Dwlght Whiting, Harry
Wood, Howard Griffith, Loyd Griffith,
Paul Herron, H- Hoyle, Robert Meyler,
James Freisner. Howard Frelsner, Hil
liard MacGowan, George Whiting, Jack
O'Melveny, Jack Schumacher and Rupert
Elliot.
Miss Mary Darling and M!sb Mary
Hunsacker were the guests of honor at a
dancing party given by Miss Nora Sterry
on Friday evening at her home on Wil
shire boulevard. The following is a list
of the guests: Misses Nora Wllshire,
Bird Chanslor, Genevleve Smith, Sablna
Burks. Eliza Bonsall, Helen Daggett,
Beatrice Wigmore, Violet Wigmore, Azu
bah Hlgglns, Gwendolyn Overton, Ade
laide Brown, Catherine Kemper, Maud
Masac, Grace Perry, Harriet Taylor,
Ethel Barnard, Nellie Clark, Inez Clark,
Frances Field, Florence Field, Frances
Barber, Marian Shinn, Louise Burke, Lil
lian Carleton, Stella Sanford, Helen
Boothe, Maud Davis, Pearl Germain,
Eleanor Muse. Nannie Dillon, Grace
Monk, Gussie Dunkelberger, Lucy Clark,
Louise Clark, Messrs. Homer Laughlln
Jr., Russ Avery. Will Nevin. Dan Lanber
shlmer, Don Fishor, Paul Burks, Robert
Fulton, Arthur Perry, Howard Lanber-
t ~
A Sy^at Switch D=y
yHonday WITT Be-
sl.oo Switches
Large well-arranged Q« mQEQ^Q?}
store and large staff
of expert assistants. I*3 StOCKton Street
26
SOCIETYTo THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE and add to your knowledge, your capacity,
your power, your money-earning ability, your standing among your fellows and your
worth as a member of society?
B«v. Edward Everett Hale, D.D., Boston.
Professor Paul Elmer More, Harvard University.
Thomas Marc Parrott, Ph.D., Princeton Univer-
sity.
Charles Foster Smith, Ph.D., University of Wis-
consin.
Isaac N. Demmon, A.M., LL.D., University of
Michigan.
Jesse Macy, A.M., LL.D., lowa College.
Arthur H. Palmer, M.A., Yale University.
Charles Horswell, Ph.D., Northwestern Univer-
sity.
• The Eastern Star.
Pilve Branch Chapter celebrated Its re
moval to Elks' HaJl by an. entertainment
given to its many friends in that hall last
Monday night. That this chapter has un
der the leadership of that young and most
energetic worthy matron Miss Melissa
Gordon McCor.kry become exceedingly
popular was made apparent by the pres
ence of the great number of people at
tending, thrre being about 409 in the hall.
The success of the entertainment was due
to the judicious management of Mrs. Sa
lena Ciprieo. the treasurer, who had ber^:i
rhosen chairman of the committee of ar
rangements, eompoFed of the officers ct
the chapter. A feature of the evening vis
the disposition of a beautiful painting, .lo
r.ated to the chapter by Mrs. Ciprico,
who painted it. The nrnpframrm* included
remarks !>v Dr A. Miles T.ivlnr- vncal
lISS MELISSA G. McCONKET. 1
*010. Fannie Owens: recitation. Mrs. Eva
Shecllne; Instrumental solo. Miss Rohr
bacher; specialties. George Hammersmith;
recitation, Mrs. Campbell; vocal scl<»,
Mrs. Mose Pistolesi; instrumental selec
tions, Miss Metta Wolters. and recita
tion, Mrs. Ciprico. Each number wss a
gem and the last was particularly ef
fective, as the lady recites In a most
pleasing and scholarly manner. E. <i.
Knapp was the fortunate winner of the
painting. Dancing till midnight followed
the programme.
The "at home" by Brulah Chapter in
South San Francisco Masonic Hall lrm
Monday was attended by the greater num
ber of the members and a number of vis
itors, among whom were the Brand patron
and his wife. Mrs. Duncan, past matron of
Goidcn Gate Chapter: Dr. Millberry. past
patron, and Mr?. Millberry, past matroa
of Hamsonv Chanter; Mrs. A- M. aiaut,
matron of King: Solomon Chapter, and a
number of others. One of the most jircni
inerit personagrs in attendance v.-a? the
bride of the chapter. After the close cf
the meeting there were addresses by ike
grand patron, the other visitors narc<*d,
Mi^s llargarot Kerr and Mrs. Kate Bar
rrilies. the natron, who announced that
there would be an entertair.rrw,; for rr^-n
bers and visitors en the first meeting
night in each month. Mrs. CienrKe L..
Darlir.g sang sweetly BOnte of her favorite
ballads ar:«i there were other numbers,
after ¦which there was a potato rac, in
which the grand patron. Dr. Millberry and
Mr. Duncan took part. The grand patron
proved the better sprinter. Dr. Millberrv
made a poor second ar.d Mr. Duncan was
fo slow in getting over the ground llifft
by the time he reached the goal the po
tato he carried had commenced to sprout.
At the close J. S. Bayle distributed the
prizes to the winners, after which all par
took of a collation.
The Odd Fellows.
Last n'ght Grand Master W. A. Bonyiige
visited Evergreen Lodge at Sebastopol.
To-morrow night he will visit Bloomficld
Ledge at Bloomfield, on the 21st he will be
with the lodge at Pieasanton, on the VZd
with Western Addition Lodge In this city.
r,r> the 23d he will vls-it Evening Star p.r.d
Orion Lodges in joint meeting in Oakland,
on the 24ih Oruiade Ix>dge at Alyarado.
on the 28th Mor^e Lodge in this city and
on March 1 Presidio Lodge in this city.
A now lodg« v.-jll be Instituted In about
two months as Dos Pales. Mc-reed County.
Niles Lodg^ has purchased a new hall
and will dedif-ate it next month, and the
lodge in Florin v ill dedicate Its hali dur
ing the same month.
Occidental Lodge paid a fraternal visit
to Evonir.g Star Lodge in East Oakland
last week.
Templar Lodjjp will give a rmoker to its
friends and members on next Wednesday
eight.
Pa?t Grand Master W. H. Barnes will
on the 2'~th of April deliver an address
before the lodge in Ventura. His first ad
dress on Odd Fellowship was delivered on
the 25th of April. 1*56, In Atlanta, Ga..
before Central Iyodge. and ever since then
without interruption he has at some point
on the American continent rieiiverei a",
address on Odd Fellowship on each suc
ceeding 20th of April, except when that
date tell -on a Sunday .Then he delivered
It either on the .Saturday preceding or th<;
Monday succeeding.
R?bckah Ledges.
On the night of the 10th inst. California
Rebekah Lodge gave an entertainment
and dance in the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows' building. The attendance was
large and there were many present who
were not members of the order. For the
entertainment of those assembled there
wes a violin solo by Miss Hazel Caro,
specialties by the Misses Bennett, bary
tone solo by D. A. Hagens, recitation by
Xi?s Lillie Hirschman and vocal solo by
Mrs. L-. Kahn. This was followed by a
programme of twelve dances and three
*-xtra?. Ttr> function was directed by
Mrs. F. Lewis. Mr*. B. Shule, Mabel Dal
rr.an. Minnie Dalman. Mrs. McDonald.
Mrs. Heed. Miss Pauline Harris and D.
A. Hagens.
The same night Templar Rebokah had
Its firf=t work in initiation in Memorial
Hall in the pr«-sen<-e cf more than a
hundred Rebekars. with the new officers.
The Initiates v:cre: Mrs. J. W. HaTis,
xrlfe of the past grand patriarch; Mr?.
Isabel Davis. Mr?. Effie Tunnison, Mrs.
H A. Hendy and I* A. Larsen. The
work was by JCoble Grand Mrs. Warford
er.d her corps of officers and after the
candidates had been received into mem
bership they were guests at a supper
F«-rved in another hall. There were re
sponses to toasts by J. W. Harris. Jack
Thompson. John H. Gray. Mrs. Helen M.
Carpenter, president of the Rebekah As-
Fembly Mrs. Mary E. Donoho. secretary
cf the assembly; Mrs. Hattie Duley. dis
trict deputy; Mrs. Rader. matron of the
Orphans' I feme, and Colonel H. O. Brow
er of the Patriarchs Militant.
Mission Rcbekah Lodge had a pretty
little party all to itself In Its lodge room
in Excelsior Hall on the 10th Inst. It
•was a "coon party." all the members
hiding their natural faces behind black
false faces and all attired In very loud
tults. After a good programme of dances
there was a walk for a good sized
frosted cake and then there was a coon
fotjk by each one who could sing. This
affair was the outcome of a consultation
between Mrs. W. TV. Watson. Miss Ger
tie WlmmT and Dr. Coburn.
Oriental L<odge Initiated two candidates
laet Wednesday night Jn the presence of
a lar^e number of members of the order.
Including many visitors from Oakland.
The large attendance was due to the fact
that there was Introduced for the first
time *he new floor work arranged by
Mre. H. M. Carpenter, president of the
assembly. This proved very attractive.
cc it was exceedingly well rendered. Mrs.
Margaret Derby, the noble grand, was
remarkably perfect in the ritualistic work
and the delivery of the charges was as
correct as it possibly could be.
Oriental Lodge is proud ot the Invita
tion that It has received to perform the
Initiatory work in the lodge in Los Gatos
at a meeting during the month of March.
Jubilee Lodge, the "baby" of this dis
trict, gave Its first party last Tuesday
right and in point of attendance and ex
cellence of entertainment It equaled any
ever given by any other lodge In a lodge
room. Mrs. Helen G. Peterson presided
and in the presentation of the programme
and conimmittee work she was assisted
by Clara Gunsalles. Emma Waltes, Gab
rfcl Gress. Maude E. Burney, Minnie
Haas. Christina Anderson, vice grand,
and Minnie F. Dobbin, noble grand. The
programme Included a piano solo by Miss
Annie Johnson; vocal solo. Horace While;
selections on stringed Instruments, by
Misses M. and E. Flannery, Miss C. To
bin and Miss R, Brandon; recitation,
Miss Bessie Harvey: fancy dancing. Miss
es Eva Gibbons and Lulu Gress; banjo
•election. M. Perry, and Miss Culver, ac
companist; address by. W. G. - Waltes,
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
Address THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE, Call Building, San Francisco.
Maurice Francis Egan, LL.D., Catholic Univer-
sity of America. ,
Miss Vida D. Scudder, Wellesley Collegs.
Charlotte Brewster Jordan, Philadelphia.
John Leverett Moore, Ph.D,, Vassar College.
Joseph Villiers Denney, A.M., Ohio State Uni-
versity.
Lucius A. Sherman, A.8., Ph.D., University of
Nebraska. '
John Carleton Jones, A.M., Ph.D., University of
Missouri.
Charles Flint McClumpha, A.8., Ph.D., Univer-
sity of Minnesota.
Amos Noyes Currier, A.M., LL.D., University of
lowa. !
August Hjalmar Edgren. Ph.D., University of
Nebraska.
Charles W. Benton, M.A, Litt.D., University of
Minnesota.
William J. Hopkins, 5.8., Drexel Institute, : \
Professor Benno Kirschbaum, Philadelphia, /
George W. Gilson, Buffalo, N. Y. <
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE has the co-operation and support of the leading
literary and college men of the country. The following writers will contribute to the
Spring Term courses:
Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation.
The Paris Exposition is sure to attract thousands of
Americans. In anticipation of this THE CALL has arranged
with Professor Benno Kirschbaum, a distinguished French
scholar and teacher, to present twenty easy lessons. Professor
Kirschbaum has conducted European parties and is thor-
oughly familiar with the initial language needs of an Ameri-
can in Paris.
Photography for
Amateurs.
Mr. George W. Gilson, editor of the Professional Pho-
tographer, will direct this course. The studies will include
papers on cameras, lenses, dry plates and films, the dark room,
negatives, developing, retouching, printing, photographic pa-
pers, flashlights, outdoor and indoor pictures, etc., with gen-
eral papers on the history and advancement of the art of pho-
tography. The course will be written specially for amateurs.
Golden Ages of
Literature.
The course in literature arrranged . for the Spring Term
takes a bold sweep of the entire field from Zoroaster and
Homer to Tennyson and Longfellow. Dr. Edward Everett
Hale of Boston, Dr. Parrott of Princeton, Professsor Palmer
of Yale, Professor More of Harvard, Professsor Smith of the
University of Wisconsin, Miss Vida Scudder of Wellesley and
the other literary writers whose names apppear among our
list of contributors have entered enthusiastically into the work
of this course, and THE CALL can safely promise the rarest
literary treat ever offered to newspaper readers.
February 15th, and presents six new
The SPRING TERM began Thursday,
American Political
Parties.
This course has been arranged for young voters and for
the Presidential year with a view to directing- intelligent polit-
ical study and discussion. Dr.'Macy, who will conduct these
studies, is recognized by students of political science every-
where as a leading authority.
Recent Scientific
Discoveries.
The world has been startled during the last few months
with some remarkable scientific discoveries known to the pub-
lic as "Wireless Telegraphy," "Color Photography," "Liquid
"Air," etc. These will be presented in a popular way by Pro-
fessor William J. Hopkins of Drexel Institute.
Biographical Studies
for Girls.
THE CALL is pleased to announce that Mrs. Charlotte
Brewster Jordan has prepared a course for the HOME
STUDY CIRCLE, to be entitled "Biographical Studies for
Girls." This new series will include the following studies: i,
Joan of Arc. 2, Vittoria Colonna. 3, Angelica Kauffmann.
4, Caroline Herschel. 5, Sarah Kemble Siddons. 6, Madame
Le Brun. 7, Mary Lamb. 8, Charlotte Corday. 9, Jane Aus-
ten. 10, Elizabeth Fry. 11, Harriet Martineau. 12, Mar-
garet Fuller. 13, Charlotte Cushman. 14, Jenny Lind. 15,
Rcsa Bonheur. 16, Florence Nightingale. 17, Louisa M.
Alcott.
The HOME STUDY CIRCLE has entered upon another year. The work is now
favorably known throughout the length and breadth of the United States. It is indorsed
without reservation by educational leaders everywhere. The Bureau of Education at
Washington recognizes it as an educational institution of national importance and has
included it in its exhibit for the Paris Exposition.
Why not improve this daily opportunity? "Keeping everlastingly at it" — a little
every day— will' produce results that will astonish you.
SBBM SOTV ' ' «*BM . l^MH^B^B^
Are you awake to the fact that the HOME STUDY CIRCLE opens to you to-day
every day — without fees or formalities of any sort, an institution of learning of the
highest rank? An institution whose corps of instructors compares favorably with that
of any university in the United States?
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
*ra* decided to hold a Red Men's picnic
at Mirabel Park on Saturday, May li. The
committee has sent invitations to all the
councils of the Degree of Pocahontas in
this city and to the tribes and councils
within easy reach of the city to send
delegates to the convention to the end
that it may be made a general affair. C.
L. Ludwig of Mianotonomah Tribe is the
chairman; F. L. Griffith of Monadnock,
vice chairman; H. C. Wchr of Bald Eagle,
secretary; and 8. 11. McNally of Winne
mucca, treasurer.
Great Sachem Wilson, in company with
Great Junior Sagamore Holder and Past
Great Sachem Brandt officially visited the
wigwam of Comanche Tribe at Elmhurst.
where there was the conferring of the
warrior's degree upon nine candidates by
the team from Altahomas Tribe, which had
been specially invited to do the work,
and it was assisted In this by Past Great
feachem Brandt, A. F. Hurley of Pawnee
Tribe and M. S. Show, P. Barbier and A.
Carlson of Comanche Tribe. During the
evening the sitting tribe presented to P.
Barbier. its past sachem, a diamond soli
taire ring, and it also presented to A.
Carlson a gold emblematic badge in rec
ognition of their work for 1 the tribe. Af
ter that there was a banquet, one hun
dred being present. There were long and
short talks by great chiefs, past great
sachems. Past Sachems Lyon and Hutaff
of Altahomas and others.
On the 7th inst. Altahomas Tribe adopt
ed seven palefaces and during the even
ing received a fraternal visit from the
membership of Cherokee Tribe. Past
Cr.-pat Sachem William Betts presented a
gold locket to Great Junior Sagamore
n oicier on behalf of the tribe. Last
Wednesday the tribe was officially visited
by Great Sachem Wilson.
¦iosemlte Tribe Is thriving. It having
recently received eight applications. Last
iiiesday It gave a smoker to paleface
friends and had a jolly time.
Henry A. Chase, past great sachem of
this jurisdiction, has received a letter
from the Indianapolis wigwam of Thomas
G. Harrison, great junior sagamore, in
which that official gives a glowing report
of the condition of the order In the State
of Indiana. During the six months pre
ceding the writing of the letter that res
ervation showed an increase of about 1150
members, with a prospect of an addition
of 2000 more during the period of Janu
ary to July. He writes of the many de
mands made upon him for the lec
ture on Redmanshlp which he delivered
in this city during the sitting of the
Great Council of that jurisdiction last
year, and he also announces that he will
prepare a new one. Referring to his visit
here last year, he writes: "My wife and
I never get tired of talking about our
Western trip, and we often recall, as we
sit at the fireside, the many kind friends
we met, to all of whom we wish to be
remembered. Some day, perhaps, we can
see you again— we surely wish to do
so— and would be delighted, if the oppor
tunity comes, to again repeat our truly
delightful summer vacation journey."
The Druids.
The grand officers are still in the south
ern part of the State, and they have been
inspecting the work of the groves in San
Luis Obispo, Los Angeles and other
points. Noble Grand Arch James F. Mar
tioni a,ml Grand Secretary Graves have
been exceedingly active In that section
and it is likely that upon their return In
a few days they will have a great deal of
interesting news for the local groves.
The social that was given by Volta
Grove in Washington-square Hall last
Sunday night was attended by a very
large number of people of that section of
the city. The affair was a very enjoyable
one and it was late into the night before
the orchestra played the strains of the
last dance.
Manzanita Grove last Thursday had an
other well-attended meeting. This grove
Is in the hands of those who are anxious
to make It the most active in the city.
A committee has been appointed to pre
pare a new set of by-laws.
Friends of the Forest.
Last week Lincoln Lodge received
by Initiation as a member a young
lady who stands high In one of the most
prominent fraternal orders in this city,
and her presence in the lodge room will
no doubt encourage the members to ad
vance the lodge and its membership.
During the evening under good of the
order there were a number of short ad
dresses and games for the amusement of
the membership.
The "Very Hard Times" party given by
Pioneer Lodge was a great success and
the attendance crowded the social hall of
the Foresters' building In which It was
given. There was a good programme of
dances » and by way of divertisement
there were instrumental selections by
Professor Miller and specialties by little
Mildred and Miss Robertson.
The masquerade ball by America Lodge
last week in Mennerbund Hall was a well
attended affair and there was a great deal
of enjoyment for all.
Mlspah Lodge gave an entertain
ment and dance in Mission Opera-house
on the night of the 15th Inst. There was
a literary and musical programme, fol
lowed by dancing.
Last Wednesday night Lincoln Lodge
had a grand valentine party in the ban
quet hall of the Odd Fellows' building,
and more than three hundred were pres
ent. The programme presented had for
features: Duet, Miss Mellanoff and Mr.
Fritz; whistling solo. Miss Sadie Kalish;
vocal solo. Miss Vera Mayers; selections
on the harmonica. M. Fuller; duet. Misses
Birdie and Sadie Kalish. Then followed
a programme of dancing, distribution of
valentines and the serving of a collation.
The affair was greatly enjoyed by all. It
was under the direction of Mrs. Bell
Richmond. Miss L. O. Hoffman. Miss A.
Sharp, Miss Tillle Sharp, Mesdamea
Howard. Stickney, PiGdell. B. Hoffman,
Stickney, Mr. A. Craig and Miss Mac
Burris. the latter being recognized as the
most energetic of the committee.
Knights of the Maccabees.
At the review of Golden West Tent last
Tuesday nine applications were received
and these will be reported upon next
Tuesday. Frank Boerncr of this tent has
been created a past commander in recog
nition of his zeal and work for the order.
This tent is making arrangements for a
good programme for its social night next
Tuesday.
San Francisco Tent at its review on the
9th inst. initiated a candidate in the pres
ence of many of the members and of the
membership of Argonaut Tent of Oak
land, present by Invitation. The work was
most impressive to the candidate and to
the visitors.
Captain Greenberg of the Apache team
brought the first two scalps into the tent,
and Captain Gray of the Sioux team
promises a handful. Under good of the
order there was a collation and vocal se
lections by the tent quartet, by Sir
Knights Green and Schofleld and remarks
by Sir Knight Brown of Argonaut Tent.
He spoke of the harmonious feeling be
tween the visited and the visiting tents.
Friends of the Golden State.
Alcatraz Circle No. 1 of the Friends of
the Golden State, of which Mrs. Julos F.
Godcau is the president, gave a party in
Washington Square Hall a few evenings
since in behalf of one of Its members
Miss Anna Brandes, since deceased. It
was one of the greatest successes that
has ever been known in that hall and it
netted a substantial sum to relieve the
wants of the member, as her life 'was ebb
ing away. There was a good programme
contributed by Mr. and Miss Lindau
Pressy Forest, Mr. and Mrs. Riley. Miss
Foley, Eunice Miller. Miss Lagrave, Ha
zel Petry, Staude Bros, Mr. and Mrs.
Peterson. Then there was dancing untii
a late hour. Mayor Phelan sent a gener
ous contribution to the fund. The affair
was conducted by Miss G. Kerrigan Mrs
J. F. Godeau, Miss Jussiel, W. Koenijr
and F. Todt. 6
Sons of Veterans.
On the night of the 27th Inst. Fate Oaks
Camp of the Sons of Veterans, In con
junction with the members of the Ladies'
Aid, auxiliary to the camp, will hold an
open meeting in Ruby Hall of the Red
Men's building, on which occasion there
will be presented a programme of enter
tainment.
Mrs. F. R. Handley of the Ladles' Aid
has been appointed one of the officers on
the staff of the national president. Mrs
M. L. Warner of Wakefleld. Mas 3.
Walter C. Howe, George M. Clark Vic
tor Duhem, Louis E. George and W E
Bartlett have been appointed as the'ad
visory board for the Ladles' Aid.
Garfield Corps.
Garfleld Corps, Ladles of the G. A. R.,
on last TJuesday had a very pleasant so
cial In the social hall of the Alcazar
building. The programme of dances was
well arranged and the credit of the af
fair belongs to the- committee on enter
tainment of the corps, of which Tina Me-
Gowan is the chairraan^ : ¦-_•----.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
and short stories by the "Friend of the
Rebekahs." Th«re was a good pro
gramme and the distribution of crisps to
the guests during the grand march. This
new lodge, only In existence six weeks,
has already a membership of sixty.
The Elks.
J. O. Reis, D. C. Martin. P. Bcel. Harri
son Houseworth and T. J. McCann, the
special committee of San Francisco Lodge,
are arranging for the stag social to be
given on March 9.
The ways and means committee is ar
ranging for tfc«* lodge's annual banquet.
Hugh S. Hagans,' treasurer of San
Francisco Lodge, has re.-lgned his posi
tion in the Assessor's office and hr.s gone
out as a commercial traveler. His friends,
astonished at his resignation, want to
know if he was afraid of the civil service
examination.
The Native Sons.
The committee of California Parlor on
anniversary banquet has been hard at
work, and it expects that the silver anni
versary of the institution of the parlor on
the 21th inst. will be one of the grandest
affairs that this parlor has ever given.
The supper, in a downtown rotirporle, will
be all that culinary art can make it. The
parlor has offered a prise of the value of
12') to the memlvr securing the greatest
number of candidates between the Ist of
February and the in of September, and
a JlO prize to tho one who secures the
second largest number of members. The
parlor has also arranged for theater par
ties at the Grand Onerti-house on the
nights of the 20ih and 27th inst. in aid of
the 1900 fund.
After its meeting last Wednesday ni^ht
Rincon Parlor hold high jink:' and had
good talrnt and an excellent collation.
The decorations of Native Sons' Hall
on the occasion of the invitation ball
given by PaciMc Parlor No. 10 was an ex
quisit* conception of the decorator's art,
Mr. Pratt, a member of the parlor, being
tho artist. In addition to the effects in
light, shades on the galleries*, the central
piece was a delicately arranged affair.
which produced a very pleasing effect,
while the stasre effect was most attrac
tive. The central piece was the name of
the parlor in red incandescent lights, and
the glow from this reflected on all objects
was subdued and exceedingly pleasing to
the eye. The stage proper was a forest of
exquisite living plants and foliage, while
the ladles" parlor and the vestibule were
made pretty with floral decorations. The
souvenir programme was in white and
royal purple, with California's chosen
flower, the golden poppy, embossed in
natural color on the front and back. The
grand march was led by President T. P.
Martin and his wife.
The Past Presidents' Association will
meet next Saturday to elect seven trus
tees o"ut of sixteen candidates, many of
whom are among the most active and
most prominent workers of the order.
J. A. Bilhartz on the 22d inst. will of
ficially visit Rainbow Parlor at Wheat
land, which was recently reorganized by
Grand Organizer Steinbach with fifty-two
members. Since the reorganization the
parlor has made wonderful strides in
The Native Daughters
On tho night of the Etta inst. Darina
Parlor, the parlor of beautiful girls of
the Western Addition, had an "at home"
in jts rendezvous in Franklin .Hall on
FUlmore street. There were present a
number of visitors, who greatly enjoyed
the entertainment provided by the good
of the order committee, which was made
up of the first seven members in alpha
betical order on the roll. Refreshments
were served during the evening. This very
brilliant parlor has made arrangements
for an entertainment and hop to be given
on the night of the 20th inst. Among those
who have volunteered to entertain that
ni^ht are Billy Hines, the laughing min
strel; George Hammersmith, the special
ist: Harry Wood Brown and Miss Cooney.
This parlor has now a membership of
seventy, with prospects of soon Increasing
to one hundred.
Buena Vista and Alta parlos are busy
makinp up the cast for the joint dramatic
entertainment that is to be given shortly
after Lent.
Mrs. Ema Gett. grand vice president,
visited Ramona Parlor No. 21 on the 6th
inst.. and after the business of the even-
Ing was over there was an enjoyable whist
party, in which the husbands and gentle
men friends of members took part. The
firFt prizes went to John P. Barnard and
Mrs. Davenpnrt and the consolations to
Dr. Burke and Miss Burke. Subsequently
refreshments were served in the ban
quet morn. The. new officers of this parlor
are Miss Carrie Hickman. past; Miss Aga
D. Lander, present, ar.d Miss Maud L.
Scott. Mrs. May Griffing and Mrs. Maud
Kerran. vice presidents; Miss Amy C.
Nelson, recording, and Mrs. Eva Dunkle,
financial secretary: Miss Sadie Daven
port, treasurer; Mrs. Jane G. Bragden,
marshal; Mrs. Lizzie Johnson. Inside, and
Mrs. Mary Gilpatrirk. outside sentinel;
Mrs. Emelia C<.le. Mrs. Adel Dunbaugh
and Mrs. Jennie Hale, trustees.
TJuena Vista Parlor No. 93 celebrated its
third anniversary by a grand ball on the
right of the 16th inst. There was a good
attendance and an enjoyable time. The
grand march was led by the past presi
dent of the parlor, Mrs. Cora B. Sifford,
the grand president of the order, who is
the senior past of the parlor, taking pre
cedence.
Ix>s Pimientos Parlor No. 113 of Santa
Paula. Ventura Cotfnty, will give its first
entertainment on tho night of the 22d
Inst. It will be In the nature of a farce
comedy entitled "A Kool and His Money
Are Scon Parted." This parlor is In a
flourishing condition, having thirty-seven
members. The following named officers
were installed by District Deputy Grand
President Cora B. McGonigle: Alice
Knox, past president: Flora Willard. pres
ident; Anna Henderson, Fannie Boor and
Edna Thurmond, vice presidents; Nellie
Coffman, recording, and Hallle Atmore.
financial secretary; Lou Cauch. marshal;
Ida Carle, inside, and Lena Hedrick, nut
side sentinel; Frances Webber, Gertrude
Mclntosh and Jennie Todd, trustee?.
The same deputy installed the following
named as the officers of Buena Ventura
Parlor: Miss Maude Millen, president;
Orpha Foster, Alice MacGregor and Laura
Kilson. vice presidents; Margaret Day.
recording, ond Helen Nidever, financial
secretary: Maude McGonigle, marshal;
Frances Castin, inside, and Genevieve
Kelton, outside sentinel: Emma Begg,
Edith Arncill and Christina ICuhlman,
trustees. The deputy. Miss McGonigle,
who is the junior past president of the
parlor, was herself Installed by Grand
President Mrs. Sifford, and on retiring
from the president's chair was presented
a handsome emblematic pin In recogni
tion of the zealous work In behalf of the
parlor and order.
National Aid Association.
At the meeting of Sun Flower Lodge
No. 533 of the National Association, which
has Its headquarters at Topeka, Kans.,
two strangers were admitted by initia
tion. This lodge, which has been estab
lished in this city but a short time, has
many energetic members, who desire to
appear before the public, and propose to
do so by an entertainment to be given on
the night of the 29th of March In the
Foresters' building. This event will be
under the direction of Organizer Garrett,
assisted by a committee of five. Mrs. W.
F. Harmon and Mr. and Mrs. David E.
Carcass were appointed a committee
whose duty it will be to visit the sick
of and the absentees from the lodge.
The preliminary steps have been taken
to organize lodges of thl3 order In several
parts, of the State.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp at its meeting: last
Monday admitted by initiation J. B.
Stone, A. B. Muller, John Olson, John
Goldstone, Joseph F. Sherer, H. E.
Bounds and E. J. Smith. The member
ship is now 1050. The camp is working
unaer a special dispensation, and since
the first of the year has received seventy
applications.
To-morrow night Golden Gate Camp
¦will, after a short business session, give
a social entertainment, when the com
mittee in charge will present one of its
celebrated pleasing programmes. It is
expected that there will be a large at
tendance of neighbors.
Women of Woodcraft.
During the month of January Redwood
Circle of Women of Woodcraft added
three to Its membership by Initiation, and
on the 10th five more. It still has the ap
plications of nineteen who seek admission
into the circle, and It expects to reach
the 100 mark by the first of March. This
circle will give an entertainment and
dance In Fraternity Hall, Pythian Castle
on the night of the 24th inst.. and as the
matter Is In the hands of the most en
ergetic members it will no doubt prove
a success. _^
Improved Order of Red Men.
At a meeting: of a committee composed
of two from each of tho local: tribes it
27BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ban rrsneifeo
Can. corner cf Market and Third streets, open
entll 12 o'clock rvery r.lght In tfee year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CI 7 Montgomery street,
ecrrer Clay; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
ttt Hayes street: cpen until 8:30 p. m.
CH McAllister rtreet; epen until »_» p. a.
CU Larkln etreet; cpen until >:» p. m.
»<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
CCI Market rtreet. corner Elxteenth; epen
entll J r- m.
JCC E3r*c_t- rtreet: open onto • p. m.
JCSf VBiencia <rtr*et: cpen _nt!l t Pl m.
irrj Po!k rtr«et; cj>en until » p. m.
Xcrthwert ccrner cf Twenty-second and _e_-
turky ftrects; <pc:: ur.ti: J p. m.
envneu services.
FIRST Prerbyterlan Church, corner Van Ness
a.\e. _n-! Sacramento et. Key. Robert Mac-
lirr.rie. I>.l_>.. j-antor— Services at 11 — - m. and
7:Z3 p. m. : evening termon by Rev. Willl—in
X_t j"-ie:-j.i; FU— daf echool at 12:45 p. ra. ; Y.
P. >". C. J:. at C:li i>. :_. A ccrilal welcome
to _:!.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, ccrner Geary
ppi Powell Etß. Rev. John Hemphill. D.D..
1 a-'tcr— Fervices -"-t 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
In t_e e\er!r.g an evangelistic service; topic.
•¦The Irr.jKjrtance ct Immediate Decision."
All are cordially invited.
GR »«*K M. K. C-tt-Cb. oorner Capp and Twen-
ty-first sis. Ilev. J. N. Beard. IXD.. pastor
—11 a. m., preaching by the pastor; 12:4."> p.
U_, Sunday school. J. G. Sanchez superinten-
dent. The Sunday Bch<x>l will honor the
roniory or WashtattCß and Lincoln. 6:15
p ra.. Ep_tat_ League, devotional meeting;
~:Zi) p. ra.. j.reachir* by the pastor. Monday.
1 j... :r... buriners meetings of the missionary
r-ooietlMs in the parlor of the church. Se_ts
;re*>. Everybody welcorr.e.
riJ'.r-T C. ntrrpationai Church, corner of Post
aritj Mason <-ts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pantor. srtJl ireach at both services. At 11
c tn therr.", "Christ the Central Thought.'
At 7:O i>. ra.. theme, "Ho'.-lng the Slack. '
All are ccrd'.aHy Invited.
Wi:sT BEDS Christian Church. Bush St.. near
I 'evis_dero— Preaching by the p_stor. Rev. W.
_I. White. r*et::tl> from Kentucky: morning
rmi.-CT. lf>:4s o'clock; subject. "'Witr.<>fsiiig
for OhrUt:" evenir.* services, 7:30 o'ciock;
subject, "Kow a M-.i'.tHude Was Saved;"
Sunday -ach.>ol. l_:30 p. m.; I. P. S. C. X..
CSS p- m.; prarer meeting, Wednesday all
*¦ P- m. ;
TUT First irvin* Science Church M. B. Ora-
r >-r. pastor— lMscourne at 31 a. m..' subject. .
••<Y>rr.e I'rrto Me. All Ye That Labor." Ser- :
rices every Suna_>-. in Yosemite Hall. Native
Bora' building.. Mason St.. between <J-?ary I
end Post. T_k» elevate r. I
FIRST C-UTC- of «~hrist. Scientist. Central j
block, __ Sutter •_. bet. Keamy *t. and
Orar.t aye -- <"hristian 6cSe-CC Ilible lesson at 11
b ra.: Wfcjrct. "'"hriFt Jesus." Sun lay-school !
for children at the e_ne hour. Wednesday j
eAenira meeting at S o'clock. All welcome. 1
XNDErKNDHNT servio«-s— Metropolitan Tern- i
pie. Fifth *t.. near Market: Sur.day afternoon. ]
4 o'clock. ad<!re=s by Rev. B»tiJ»min Fay Mill*. ]
by epecial request, on ••TJip Claims of Libra! ¦
Re, 'Rien en the M»i?rn World." All invited; !
seats free; doors op. v n at 3:15 p. m. The de- ]
votional exercUes will be short. j
BEORGANIZm Church of Jesus Christ. 220 i
F'*t «.— Preaching 11 ». m. and 7:SO p. m. I
This church claims civlne origin, a restora- !
lion of the everlasting gospel. "I saw an- !
other ariK«-l fly in th*- midst of heaven having
the everlaf-ting p^ntel to preach to them that i
dwell on the earth !n the hour of God's Ju_£- :
ment." All welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Maeon and Ellis
s»K.— Meetlr.e for men <Mily to-day at 3
o'clock: address by Mr. Francis H. War Ole
of New Ycrk: _1. young men lnvi:e_: grand
f.ag reception next rYiiay evening; tickets ;
r-iid reserved ffats at the Association office.
THiZ Theo»">phical Soriety— Public lecture to- |
-v.e»-.t in Tbcasophte Hail. Ofld Fellows' bond- '.
ir.g. "Th» True Story of the Cros-y." by Mr.
W. J. Walter*. GoMen Chain, 11 a. m.
MEETI NGS — SIXDAY.
r>R. KPrr.GAN'S free lecture this evening, S
o'riock. at Crystal Hail, Pythian Castle, 90» j
Market ft.; subject. "The United States :
Among the Nations;" followed !>y magnificent j
*' lustrations of -"Our Country;" those at- j
t*n<2ir.g thle lecture may procure free tickets 1
to the X-ray exhibition al the i
corner of Market and llason sts.. Tuesday j
evening next. 1
A BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated lecture on
"Organic Ganglia," their relation to human •
life and health and their eCSeacy in prevent- ¦
ing and ourinjr uis>-a-«es and weaknesses that ;
have baffled the eklll of the most eminent
doctor*; aiaj marvelous psychic demonstra- \
tior.s by the world-famous Oriental Seer at ;
Pythian Cattle, y* Market «.. to-night at 8;
epecial appointment ; teatb free.
DINHMORE.
The celebrated clairvoyant, slatewrltlng and
developing medium, -111 give grand teet ee-
ance every Tuesday a__ Friday evening at i
7:80. as Edir 6t. j
DR. RINKS' Spiritual Society. Xi Market: 11, I
free; i:3O, 8 p. m.; Mrs. Seeley, Vlg-are, Cap- i
tain Btout. Doctor's office, IGC3 Market et. ; i
circles Tues., Friday, 2-8 p. m.. read, daily.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occiden-
tal Hail, cor. Lark'.n and McAllister tts. , {
Sunday at 7:30 p. m. : speaker, Mrs. Anna L.
Rnblnson GlliespSe. from Pltt»burg. Pa.
AT Etierhardt's Hail, tplritual test meeting to-
night; 10c. 2XO Twenty-second et.. bet. Va-
lencia and '•'.. .--::.
FPJEND.SHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Te«s to- ;
night. 10c; circle ever}- eve. Mrs. C. J. Meyer. I
MRS. WINCHESTER, ISHTciay; circle to-night. !
t; Tuefil.y. 2 p. ro.; consultations daily.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing etheriaUzlcg J
se_nce, t p. ra. 49* Leavcnworth St.; &>c.
MME. YOUNG, 600 McAllister; demonstration !
of rpirlt return to-night. JOe; come skeptics, j
217 LaRKIN. * p. m.; test meeting; Mendaxnea '
V.'renn; Hutch: Professor Fisher; good music
MRS. SIENA FRANCIb! Independent slate
ur:tlr._ ipedlum. US Ha:_M *t.
Mi:i"Tl\GS — Inivemal Brotherhood.
THEOPCPHK.AL Po^ty ln America. SIS Mar-
ket St.— L-c-ture to-night. •'Everyday Thecs-
ophy." ty Mr*. J. R. Ijfr.gle. Jr.terratlcnal
Bro:herh'^-c5 League Tut-tday Bight; subject.
"Cur«.-<j I> Cain-"
MEETIXG XOTIC'Esi ~
CAUFOr.NIA Lodge No. 1. F~l_Ta~M^ i~~
—The officer* and members of the i\
ab ve-r.a: -: !¦..:,.¦• are hereby n tif.f-1 "V jt
to attend ;he funeral of our late bro- »V>
iber. STBPHESJ WILLIAM SHAW, ln King
( ?T- >m ? n 't Hall ' Jlasonic ' Temple, THIS DAY.
(SL.NDAI), February IK at 2 o'clock p. m.;
Master Maso::* and friends of the deceased
are Invited. Uy order of the Master
t ntANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lr-dpe .\'o. 1. F. _nd A. M. „
— TJ.e officers and members of the /X
_bov~- named 10-'ge are hereby notified tt_T
to attend ;h» fun»ral of our late bro-
th«r. AXSi.N PARSONS HOT ALING. ln King
Solomon'? Hall. Maec-nlc Temple. THIS DAY
• SUNDAY), February 1?. at in o'clock a. m.;
Ma£ter Masoru and friends of the deceased
are Invited, ny order of the Master.
\ mAN KLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. HZ. I. O. O. F. '^OXStfi.
OfHeerß ar.d metr.bera are re<jue»t- jESS^
ed to me-t Jr. I'roepe'-t Ha!!. I. O. -"*?J_^
O. F. building. SUNDAY. F'bru- "¦*/»»*?>
_ry 1«. J^oO. at 12:30 p. m. to s'.tend the
fi:neral of our late brother. ANTON E P.
Wagner, fred d. ash worth, n. a.
AIjOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. -*m- -..
F— lnitiation MONDAY EXEN- _»3_asSß_
ECO, February U. Visitors wel-
come. WM. TROTTER, N. G. * > »»Iw > "
FIDELITY Lodge No. 22, I. O. O. <**MZ'/r.
F.. will Initiate MONDAY, Feb- _»*^^'
ruarj- J3. =?£«_»Sf
N. M. PETERSEN IC. G.
WM. E. WEICHHART. R. S.
BAN FRANCISCO Camp ,4m I
No. 437. Woodmen of the <y^y "jH
World— Officers and mem- 9 v*f _yy> !
«d to attend the funeral t_Zjfa_'l f*"^^
'.'¦ our late erteenied ~-^
neighbor, CHARLES McMENOMY. from his
late residence, ts Hancock st nit Church,
between Eighteenth end Nineteenth, THIS
IjAY (Sun Cay), at 10 o'clock a. m.
W. B. WILSON. C. C.
H. J. McCLINTOCK. Clerk.
BT. PATRICK'S da>- celebration. fc«iS^>
Marr-h 17. l&oo — The executive com- v 5 v if
mlttee will meet THIS SUNDAY \''f,
I>b. 18. at 1:15 p. tn.. at K. R. U. ct \*2
Hall. 1123 Mission tn. All sub-commit- ir%_»
tees are mjueFtcd to be ready to report. The
convention will be called to order in the
rame hall promptly at 2 p. m.. and officers
of past conventions and delegates selected
by the different societies are hereby notified
to be prompt In attendance. THOS W
HICKEY will deliver an aiidresii. By order*
TWOS. F. BARRY. Pres
CHAS. J. COLLINS. Secretary.
BRICKLAYERS International Union of Call-
forala No. L meets first and third Mondays
of «--acli month at UZ9 Mission et.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proctes from A. B. Jacks in the Badger Hill
mine, near Ppanleh Ranch, Plutaas County
to .deposit tailings In Whltlock ravine; from
M-nufl Leal, ln the Unlcn mine, ln New
York Township. Yuba County, to deposit
tall!n«rt< on New York Flat; from Walter X
r«'tcr?"jn, ln the Manila Placer mine, near
leo, Kha*ta County, to deposit talllnrs In a
worked-out pit. and from the Cherokee
Cravl and Gold Mining Company, tn the
Cherokee gravel mine, near Carters, Tuo-
lumne County, to deposit tailings ln Bear
«,«*>_. tires notice that a meeting will be
held at room C 9. Flood building. Ban Fran-
i-cQ. Cal., on March 6. 1900. at 1:39 p. m.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
. ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell, for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.'
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
A^ PARTNER WANTED IN A
BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY
Full particulars with DECKER. 1020 Market.
PARTNER in show business clearing $100 a
month; no experience; must have $150; PROF.
J. C FELTON. 422 Minna St.
DRUGGIST with $750 cash can secure balf in-
terest with present owner in central drug
store. Box £.68, Call.
HALF share, $1000; money-making Invention.
Call Monday afternoon. 1208 Market, office 00.
$60— BAKERY; notions; stock; fixtures; trade;
furniture 2 rooms: a snap. 1174 Harrison et.
CITY drugstore for sale at sacrifice; suitable
for physician. Box 4217. Call.
RESTAURANT, complete, $160; good business.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., nr. Call bldg.
A VALUABLE patent for sale cheap; will ex-
change for real estate. 1221 Green st.
I WANTED— A laundry route. Call or address
CHAS CLAUSSEN. 1330 Alabama et.
FOR solo— A fine drug store; cheap; good
chance for phyelclan. 2964 Mission st.
$75— GROCERY and delicacy store; cheap at
$100; rent $12. 428 Sixth st.
WANTED— To dispose of State right of Aus-
tralian Vegetable Compound: excellent oppor-
tunity to right party. MISS DWYER. 917
Market St.. room S.
OLD established restaurant for sale; either
half Interest or as a whole. Address box 2706,
Call office. Oakland.
FURNISHED dining-room wanted by responsi-
ble party in hotel; ref. Box 3560. Call.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal, 539V4 California st.. room 1.
MARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Public— Office
with A. M. Speck & Co., real estate, 667 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Third: telephone Main 5335; resi-
dence 2103 Geary st. ;
FOR rent — Large basement salcon ; fine location '
downtown; newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100. j
WM. HEXDRICKSON & CO.. CM Call bldg. {
FOR tale— Railroad saloon, with property,
Ftock and fixtures, for sale In Paso Robles.
For particulars address JOHN G. EXQEL, ¦
Paso Robles. Cal. j
WANTED— Partner with JIOCO to ensrape in fur- |
niture business: advertiser will invest $1000
and open new store; something new on this
market. Address box 3539, Call office.
COAL oil route for sale cheap; parties going
away. Apply office Crystal Oil Co., 31S Capp
Ft., near Eighteenth: phone White 1298.
ESTABLISHED furniture business; bargain for
right man; selling account of sickness. Apply
at £39 Broadway. Oakland. j
SALOON at Third St.. near Market; fine trade,
cheap If sold at once. Apply LlcfUor Dealei-s'
Journal. STCH California St.. room 1.
SHOE business, established over 25 years. 4
Summer st., between Pine and Calif ornia,
j $1800— ONE of the best bakeries In city for sale;
shop business only. Address box 3083. Call.
j GOOD-PAYING corner saloon; 6 rooms: with or
j without furniture; retiring. 115 Ninth st.
j ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffiee.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tocky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new acd sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1144 Filsora et..
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bugeles, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with pocr work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beut-
lr.g Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
! CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4&3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
BTRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 243 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The' Weekly
Call, 16 pages, cent to any address ln th«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
' ==
SPIRITUALISM.
, ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRP. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to taa Grave.
Erery Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervou* affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
I healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept eacredly conflden-
1 Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWB.
Fee, $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get oft at
! Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
_______
The great clairvoyant and developing
medium. 218 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANTS i A^^BJ^ITUALISM.
v - DINSMORE. -
THE RENOWNED CLAXRVOYANT,
SlatewrltlDg and Developing Medium.
Grand Test Seance Every Tuesday and Friday
Evenings at 7:30.
Private Sittings Dally from 10 a. tn. to S p. m.
Lady ln attendance.
21S EDDY ST.
ATTENTION! MRS.- P. FABBER, a gifted
lady; most famous In reading tea leaves and
cards; advice confidential. Can be found daily
except Saturday and Sunday at 373 Post st. ;
n:> sl_ns.
JUST arrived— Hubbell and Mllligan, spiritual
slatewrlttrs and mediums: table moving. 963
Mission St., parlors- 7 and 8; hours 10 a. m, to
? p. m. : circle every evening, Bp. m., 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forcircular; sittings $1.
MMX. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice ln difficult matters.
8 Hayes st., room 7. second floor.
DINSMORE. ~
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings: mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. 218 Eddy.
HEALING and developing medium; satisfaction
guaranteed; readings 25c and 60c this week.
942 Miiflon ti.
EVERYBODY gets tests to-night, 10c; sittings
2Zc. 50c. Arnold & Dlckson, 143 Sixth, room 1.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
CONSULT thf lucky medium; fee 25c. 3494
Minna St.. near Fifth.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth, room 11.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 814 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. ¦- .? -y- - ; 5.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy Ufa reader; readings. 25c.
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p. m., 10c. 3250 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; circle Tues., Fri.. 2
p. m.; Mon.. 8; 25c; fittings $1. 233 Valencia.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
BSO Ellis st.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay.. 1149 Mission, ,
CLAIRVOYANTS AftD SPIRITPALIIM.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
? tings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. *sc: ladles. »14 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
legs successful. Room »10, 327 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LKTIV
COTTAGE— « rooms and bath; Urge yard; rent
$10. Apply SE. cor. Folsom at. and Predta
avenue.
COTTAGES of 4 and S rooms; basement; yard;
stable. Apply at 1576 15th st., near Dolores.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; plenty of light;
large basement. 219 Point Lobos aye.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Second st., near mail dock.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3351, near Mission— Cottage
to let; 5 rooms; water free; $10^
$6— NEW house 4 rooms: water free; ln the hills
among the grass. C 4 Silver at., off Third.
8-ROOM i^ttaxe; 23'^ Morris aye., bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. Cth; key next door. N0.23.
$10; FIVE rooms: yard, basement, stable. 1537
Greenwich St., cor. Laguna.
$13— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, with bath; large
basement and yard; water jmld. 823 Hamp-
shire St.. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
$15— 6-ROOM "cottage; all modern improve-
ments; large yard; good basement.- 3353 Army
St.. l>ct. Sanchez and Church: key at grocery.
URESSMAKERS AM) SKAJISTKESSES
4SS GEARY— First-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary .t.: drc--*-«a
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; cvg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. ovtr Cafe Tiinkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the sums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $3; a
I full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
{ without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st. i
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO3 Mar-
ket Et., cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
53 W) up; plates, extractions free: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful recret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market *t.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
GUARANTEED dentistry; jl week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2J5 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
DR. C H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to k
VAN VROOM— "Palnlees"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices ln S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, %9 Mission, cor. «th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
! — — — —^— ¦ — — — — — — —^__^____
OHIO Dental P-rlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: cpen evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG T ~CSPITAL,.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flilmore^
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD*S Business College, 24 Post St., B. F,—
Practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
eerlng. etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and iwimmlnj
for young men. young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing tacllitles;
fait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
WANTED— A teacher of elocution, competent
to Instruct In both German and English. Ap-
ply Dominican Convent, Guerrero st., near
Twenty- fourth.
BOOK X EEPlNG— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123g Market st.
ENGINEERING^chooI. civil, electrical mining,
raech., survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. U64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a spe-
clalty; English. Spanish. 537 Phelan bldg,
LAW schools, »27 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching: day. evening. Ban
Francisco Business College. 123« Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merki. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods.results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFllippe's Acad-
emy of languages,32oPost;est.lS7l;ablestprofs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50: send for catalogue.
CLASSES ln German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 102 Montgy.
LESSONS given in piano and singing. 1133
Geary st.
PIANO or singing lessons, $1 a month. Box
4226. Call.
1 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary st., established over & years, re-
moved to 421 Post St.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post st.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nes^ 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
best help. 414<4 OTarrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman desires situation as cook
ln American or German family; Eastern ref-
erence. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires sltua-
tlon; good ci>ok and houseworker. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32r> Sutter st.
AN experienced middle-aged woman wishes a.
situation as working housekeeper or nurse ln
pickness. Address Sl5 Alabama St.. near
Twentieth.
A MIDLE-AGED lady would like to have a sit-
uutlon to do housework ln small family or
would nurse; no objection to country; wages
$12. 920 Jackson st.
DREFPMAKKR would like a few more engage-
ments; $1, tar fare. 1 Polk St., room .7.
IMMEDIATELY; general kitchen ' work In
restaurant or boarding-house; work by day.
Call or address 603 Washington at., S. V. A.
HOUSEKEEPERS' position wanted on
ranch; good cook and seamstress. Box 3J31.
Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants a position; la a flrst-
claps cook; best of city references. Apply
room 3. 1050 Howard St.. call from 11 to 5 p.m.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlor maid
wants, place or second work. 540 Ninth st.
EXPERT New York stenographer and type-
writer desires position; references unex-
celled. Box 4207, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes engagement (responsi-
ble party) to go to Nome; experienced in
hotel work. Box 4203, Call office.
REFINED orphan girl wishes position as com-
panion to lady and assist with light work;
no children; small compensation; city or
country. Box 3549. Call office.
A YOUNG woman from the East wishes situa-
tion as waitress and parlor maid; best refer-
ences. Box 4210. Call.
A DRESSMAKER and talloress gees out by
the day to families; perfect fit guaranteed.
14 Farren aye., near Ellis Bt., bet. Pierce and
Bcott. ¦ - -
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleanlng. Call at 611 Turk st.
EMPLOYMENT WAIfTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN cook and dishwasher wants work;
city or country. 243 Natoma st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; first-class cook; ex-
cellent breadmaker; clean and economical.
Apply at 770 Harrison it.
WOMAN wishes position by day; washing and
Ironing; will do general work. 255 Stevenson.
A YOUNG girl who speaks French would
like position in country as nursegirl. Box
4215. Call office.
A NEAT young girl desires situation: nurse,
second work or light housework. MISS CIL-
LKN, 525 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants gentlemen's
flannels and cotton underwear to wash and
mend; rates reasonable. Call or address 6A
Bernard st.. near Pacific, oft Taylor.
RESPECTABLE colored lady wishes place In
city as good plain cook. 28 Stone Bt. |
RESPECTABLE colored girl wishes place as
nurse for children. 28 Stone St.; bet. 4 and a.
DRESSMAKER wishes sewing by the day. Call
. at 110H Fell st.
WANTED— Engagements to treat your hair at
your home for any trouble ever heard of, on a
guarantee, by hair specialist; also bust devel-
oping^
WOMAN wishes any kind of nursing; good ln
confinement; best of references by physicians.
Call at IOS'A Fell St.
LADY with good reference, speaklnsr German
and English, wishes a position as lady's maid
or to take care of grown children to travel to
Europe and return. Apply at 40 McAllister
St.. from 2 to 5. '
RESPECTABLE, honest woman wishes office
cleaning, chamberwork or light housework.
Call or address £42 Alabama st.
! LADY with a 4-yea.r-old fflrl wishes work ln
a respectable family; city or country. Box
422?. Call office. __^
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class cut-
t<?r and fitter; work by day; make suit ln one
day. 1532 Polk at.
1 AMERICAN woman who speaks German would
like position in city or country as house-
j keeper, sewing or taking care of old couple.
; 127 Trrk St.; no postals.
i SCANDINAVIAN Birl wants situation to do
I general housework. Please call at 169 Shipley
j st.. off Fifth.
DRESSMAKER would like more engagements
in families by the day; $1 25 day; lunch only.
A. T.. box 4221. Call office.
I BY experienced Eastern girl, position as nurse
I or chamberwork and sewing; first-class refer-
ences. JO3 Van Ness aye.
RELIABLE and responsible German woman de-
sires position as cook or chambermaid and
mending: no washing; Just arrived from the
East; no cards. E. SCHMIDT, 575 Twenty-
second st., Oakland.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
sew-B 60c a day; less by the week; city or Oak-
land. M. M.. box 4232, Call.
i WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper,
by capable, refined, middle-aged American
lndy, for elderly couple; city or country; ref-
erence. Address or call room 128, Golden West
Hotel. Ellis st.
A TRUSTWORTHY and domestic woman, ne-
cessitated by reverses to seek a position; Is a
j German, middle-aged; good housekeeper and
i cook; city or country- Address S. A., box
! 550. Call office.
! WANTED — By reliable woman, to do general
i housework, plain cooking; one who would care
for children or invalid lady: small washing;
reference, no poetals. 2107 Powell St., store.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
references; wages no object. E. D., box 3561,
Call.
EASTERN lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or to do sewin?. 29 Eddy st., room 16.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined couple (no children),
well educated, speaking German and English,
would like full charge of boarding or room-
ing house or care of private residence. Box
3535, Call office.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at 110 Fourth st., room 7.
EXPERIENCED German girl would like to go
to Europe; Germany preferred; care for In-
valid or children; best references. A. 8.,
27C5. Call office. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO night; $1 50 to JS
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m. •
EMPLOYJIEST WANTED — MALE.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly experienced ln care
of horses, carriages and harness; competent
driver; flrst-claes references. G. W., 373 Hayes.
WANTED— Situation In general merchandise
store; several years' experience; good refer-
ences. Box 4227. Call.
BUTCHER wishes steady work ln shop; city
or country. Box 4234, Call office.
YOUNG German engineer and machinist wants
employment. Address 11. G.. 811 Bryant st.
WANTED— By thoroughly trustworthy married
man, i>opltion as collector or any place of
tru«; first-class references as to character,
ability, etc. Address box 3599. Call.
SITUATION wanted by man and wif« to take
charge of hotel kitchen and dining room; good
cooks ami economical managers; city or coun-
try. Box 4201. Call.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashier or
otherwise. Address Spreckels. box 4203, Cali.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horees and
tools, wants light work; wages $10 per
month: best of reference. Address H. W., 405
Francisco st.
YOUNG Italian, expert ln agriculture, particu-
larly olive and grape plantation, experi-
enced olive oil maker, graduated from the
Agricultural Institute of Florence, Italy, de-
elres position anywhere; good reference. Q.
' CECCANTI. 1018 A Montgomery St.
COACHMAN— Young man; neat and reliable
driver; thoroughly cares for horses, harness,
carriages: Al horseman; references, best city
and San Mateo families. Address J. J., box
3558. Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
drummer or collector: Is very well acquainted
ln city; con give good security; best city ref-
erences. Box 3J63, Call.
CARPENTER work ln the country wanted by a
Moidy, industrious man; low wages. Box
3EC4. Call. '
PARIS Exposition— Frenchman acquainted
with Paris and European languages would
accompany party as handy man; wages no ob-
ject; city references. BONOMY. 1884 Mission.
COMPETENT man wishes situation; a good
baker, also fine cook; in Italian or French
restaurant; city or country. Address box
3519. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS Scandinavian gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggten. cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers: ln private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 3581. Call office.
REFINED Japanese schoolboy wants a situa-
tion ln a noble family. 1010 Pine St., Japanese
Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turkv sts.: open until 9 n. mi ' ¦•-•* ¦'
EXCHANGE.
$900— HOUSE, 4 rooms; hard finished; basement
finished; barn; well; between Mission and San
Mateo electric lines. C. JOSLIN, 250 Thrift
ft.. Ocean View.
TO exchange— Oakland lot for carpenter work,
by day or contract. Call at 132S Hayes. S. F.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYEKLE. German expert optician.
107H4 Market st. : examination free: t;-rnmn
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A? M . SPECK~&~CO. , 667 mXrKET~St!
827 Larkln; 6 r....522 »0 916 Buchanan ;s r. 15 00
2937 Ca!.: 5 r 15 00 538 Hermann; S r. 15 00
CASTRO. 914— Sunny rooms; private; boarding;
large k rounds: convenient to trains.
BOWIE aye.. 5, oft Eleventh St.— Flat of S
rooms; bay window and hall; cheap rent.
FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; furnished for
housekeeping; rent $20. Apply 1408 Bush nt.
GROVE-. 527. bet. Octavla and Laguna-^Lower
flat; 4 rooms and yard; rent $10.
HAVES, SXPn— Flat of 3 rooms, bath and yard-
rent $8. *
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MINNA, 1012, nr. 11th— Lower fiat^ 4 large
sunny rooms and yd.; rent $13: newly papered.
MODERN aunny flat: 6~ rooms: porcelain
bath; $18. 1309 McAllister st. near park.
TO let— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath. 817U
Geary; $35. LANDKX C. BXBIX. 413 Ke&roy*
'"* f- FLATS TO LET.
NOB, 105— Elegant new modern upper cornei
flat; S rooms, bath, basement, yard. 1 baj
windows.
UPPER flat; 3 rooms.; partly furnished; witt
use of bath; private family. 233 McAllister.
$S— FLAT of 4 rooms; sun all day. Apply ti
Cheslcy st.
»IV-MODERN. 4-room flat. 125 Ash aye.. bet
Van Ness and Polk, McAllister and Fulton.
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable roomn; bath:
toilet; 2 beds; gas and coal stoves. 1317 Geary.
FLATS WASTED.
SUNNY flat— « rooms and bath; rent not orei
$25; responsible party. Address box 3567, Call.
FUEMSHED FLAT WANTED.
FURNISHED flat; S or I rooms; will keep year
If reasonable; be explicit; state price. Box
4211. Call.
FIIIMTURE FOR SALES.
FOR SALE — Furniture of a 4-room cottage Ir
Mission; rent cheap. Box 4225, Call office.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sale at 105:
Union St.; a bargain.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $4S SO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all slses, J2 M.
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 10x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evenings.
FURMTURE WAITED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture: carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Oate with J. T. Terry A Co.) buy*
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. .Red. 335».
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 5 or
6 rooms. Box 2632. Call.
HELP "WA.VTED AGENTS.
AGENTS wanted to take subscriptions for
"Western World (monthly): brightest Illus-
trated family journal: mystery story com-
mencing; iZW cash prizes for correct solution;
agents earn $3 to $10 per day: send references
and 10c for samples. The Western World. IJ3
La Salle ft., Chicago.
AGENTS— Start manufacturing specialties on
less than $10 and employ other agents. Label
Works, Powellton. 111.
WANTED — Energetic agents: ladles and gen-
tlemen; In every county ln the State for a
rapid selling article. 5 Birch aye., S. F.
AGENT for the marvelous "Non-generating"
gasoline lamp; newest light; sells on sight;
lights Instantly with match; no more gener-
ating with alcohol torch etc.; absolutely 100
candle power. Address Perfection Light Co.,
1002 First aye.. Seattle. Wash.
WANTED — Collectors and solicitors; cash ad-
vances made to the right parties: call between
8 and 9 o'clock mornings. Thursday evening
between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. JOO Post st.. cor-
ner Stockton.
A SNAP FOR AGENTS.
A book that everybody buys at sight.
"CAMPAIGNING IN THE PHILIPPINES."
300 Beautiful Illustrations.
Give first, second and third choice of territory.
Addr-sd nt once THE HICKS-JUDD PUB-
LISHING CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— High-class salesman for line calen-
dars, fans, campaign novelties; handsomest,
most complete line on market; liberal con-
tract. KERN CO.. Adv. dept.. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS — Contra Costa. Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money ln this; Investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS In each county en coast: permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush st.. Oakland.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 2CS Keamy st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Housegirl for Belvedere. $25: Banta
Rosa. $25: Mill Valley. $20; Alameda. $25;
Fresno. $18; Berkeley. $25; San Mateo. $20. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. »16 Sutter at.
"WANTED— 3 waitresses, country hotel, short
distance, $20; chambermaid and waitress,
country hotel, fare paid, $20; head waitress,
$25; S restaurant waitresses. $5, $4; 2 cham-
bermaids and waitresses, private boarding
house: $20; 4 hotel waitresses, $20, city. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Cook for borne cooking for a home
bakery, $30: Scandinavian or German cook,
$35, no wash; 3 cooks, plain wash. American
families, $25; 4 cooks. German style. $25;
nurse and second work. $20; French nurse.
$25; 4 second girls, $20. $25. city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 318 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 133
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, first-class city hotels, $20 and
$25; 4 waitresses, country hotels, $20; 4 wait-
resses, restaurants. $6 a week; 2 lunch and
dinner waitresses. $3: 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; chambermaid. $17 60; 2 dishwashers.
$25.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook. $30. see party here; cook, no housework.
$20. fare paid, call early: cook, Newcastle. $20,
fare paid; cook, Sacramento County. $25; 2
houaeglrls. Martinez. $13, $15; houseglrls,
cooks, city and country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 2 COOKS. $35 and $30: 2 boarding-house
cook?, {30 and $25; housework. Oakland. $25:
Alameda. $25; San Mateo. $23; Menlo Park,
$25; 10 second girls, city and country. $25 and
$20; 6 chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country. $20 and $15: 2 restaurant waitresses,
$6 and $7; chambermaid and laundress, $25; an
invalid nurse, $15; a young girl as companion
to a lady, $10. Alameda; a young girl for
light work and companion, $15; 10 young
girls to assist In housework. $10 to $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter et.
~ WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN 1 .
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth et., 521 Montgomery aye..
Kill Market St.. 355 Hayes st..
210 and 212 Grant aye., 218 Third St..
705 Larkln St.. 20CS Flllmore St..
ISI9 Devisadero St.. 3006 Sixteenth st^
475 Haleht St.. 2515 Mission St..
140 Sixth St.. 2255 Mission St..
1419 Polk St.. 12732 Twenty-fourth st.
LADIES and gentlemen wanted to paint pic-
tures at home; we> teach you free; send self-
addressed stamped en\*elope for reply. WM.
LEMOS. auctioneer. Santa Cruz. Cal.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. MEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First St.
GIRL for llcht housework and assist with
baby. Call Sunday after 11 a. m., 224 Brod-
erlctc st.
RESPECTABLE amiable girl, light housework.
2 in family: no washing; cook with gas; ref.
from last place. 2322 Bush St.. 4 to 6 p. m.
GENTLEMEN and ladies as local correspond-
ents and writers for high-class paper; good
pay; stamped envelope for reply; beginners
preferred. Subscribers' Publishing Co., 150
Nassau St., New York. . .
YOUNG lady clerk for wholesale house; one
who Is quick at figures, whose penmanship is
good and who lives at home with her parents.
Address ln ink, number 9735324. box 3570. Call
office.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged lady to assist In light
housekeeping; wages $S. Address by letter,
with reference, MRS. L. L. GILBERT. 1119
Hampshire st.
LADY to- attend store and office: state axe
Box 4205. Call office. '
GOOD vest operator as partner ln vest factory.
14 Grant aye.. room Co. /¦:, .-
"WANTED— By a wholesale house, a traveling
saleswoman; Eastern preferred. Box 4223. Call.
NEAT, reliable girl for light housework; $10.
. 527 Harrison st.
PROTESTANT woman for light housework and
children. Apply 579 Harrison st.
WANTED— First-class talloress. Sim Jones
St.. bet. O'Farrell and Geary.
WANTED— GirI to wait at table from S to t
_p. m. 686 Geary st.
SOMETHING new— Lady canvassers- rood
commission. E65 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole makers-
also apprentices. 135 Natoma at.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS: PATTFRNS*'
See our Imported patterns: late skirts and box
coats; any pattern cut to order; visit our
school: insnect our method and you will b*
XV nC^cDO a WE£L. foi aST- *""*'-'
WO , MEN ' * n «l Sjrl» on steam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36^ Fremont st.; elevator.
W ,^^JrP~ Glrl for vu * ht housework. Call
2524 HUlegass aye.. Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS embroiderer for applique work-
good pay. Box 2J6S. Call. J..-J
WANTED— A few girls at book b7ndery7!iii
OPERATORS on shirt waists; good wage's!
steady work. Bauer Bros. Co.. 21 Sansoine.
° IR V« wa SS t ' <1: -i ln faml| y: ea»y Place. Apply
at 2357 Howard st.. between 19th and 20th.
WANTED— Hairdressers, manicures and ap-
prentlces. GOLDSTEIN A CQH.V. 822 Market^
A ? PRENTICES on «nirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gougn
and Grove sts.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa beca established at 133S Va-
<
HELP WAITED— FEMALE.
apottt ITO more sewing machine operators win
tad _ood P™~S worlc ln Levi Straus** Co.'.
©Ver_ll factory. C* Fremont st. MP_ D A -
VIS. Supt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrtsticni
received at Call branch efflce. 2CS> Fillmjra t^
A BRANCH office for the reception of advyp.
tlsements and subscriptions has been m:>i
at 1223 Polk st; open ur.tfl 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aal
subscriptions has been established at t.i»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ker.-
tucky sts.: open until 'i p. m.
~ «E_._* WASTED MALE.
EMPLOYERS DO AS OTHERS TJO
35,000 EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Do now send their orders to MLKRAY &
READY. KM acd «36 Clay St.. for skilled and
unskilled help: MURRAY & READ* hay»
each person listed for situation for which h>
is Individually adapted
Help furnished free cf charge
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN MU
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY 7 A. M
15 pruners for orchards and vineyards
; $28 and found,
8 grafters for vineyards $CS and four.i
25 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for al!
parts of California. $30 $28. $23. $20 and four..i
8 milkers $35, $3f>. $2i and found
6 choremen and boys for farms etc
120. $IS. $10 and founl
laborers and teamsters, city Jobs
$30. $2* and found
gardmer for private family $25 and found
2 stablemen, city and country
r.S and found. $»
driver, milk wagon, city.. boy. private family
choreman. private city reslj?nce....sca and fd
MURRAY A READY. 634 and «3S Clay st.
i COOKS $50. $40. $33. $30 $15 and found
5 waiters $CO. $25. $:<> and found
washer, hand laundry $.; ¦ and foand
MURRAY & READY. 624 and S3« Clay at.
FARMER and wife for a vineyard, boss her>»
$tO and found
choreman and wife for ranch $i> and found
MURRAY A nBADY. 634 and «33 Clay st.
SEX BOSSES HERE '.
365 woodchoppers. tiemakers, picket and post
makers, shingle box bolt makers. $2 F.O. $2,
$1 50. $1. 75c cord. 12c. lie each. *4 SO per 1000,
!Vic 'each.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and CS Clay St.
5 GOLD miners *T5
IS coal miners $3 to $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 834 and 63S Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for a mine $2 50 day
2 blacksmiths. 2 helper*, city and country....
wheelwright and "blacksmith. .s4o to $45 and fd
engineer for a ranch, fare oOn $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & COS. 104 GEAKY ST
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
OFFICE OPEN FROM 1 TO 4 P. M
30 two and four horse teamsters, scraper
holders, loaders and dumpmen for the Coast
Railroad. Santa Barbara County, » 75 to $3
a day; free fare; call to-day; ship Monday
morning. C. R. HANSSX A CO.. 1» Qeaxy.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HETNii.
Employment Eec'y. 633 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie m.
SALESMAN— Leading New York manufacturer
and Importer of pen and pocket cutlery, scia-
son». razors and other specialties desires aa
experienced cutlery salesman for the coast;
applications will be considered from men who
are familiar with the trade and line only.
Address, stating experience, references and
expectations, which will be kept In the strict-
est confidence. ORIFFON CUTLERT (XX. 453
Broadway. New York.
SALESMEN everywhere to sell vox line of sta-
ple goods; side line or exclaslv*; fJ3 par day;
no experience necessary; free samples. JUIL-
LIHE-R. 3943 Market St.. Philadelphia.
CIVIL service examinations will ba held soon
in every State; dates and places. Just pul>-
lished. furnished free by National Correspond-
ence Institute, Washington. D. C. ; thousands
of appointments to be made this year.
EXPERIENCED canvassers: male cr femala;
Coke Dandruff Cura; Lucke Rolled Cigars;
Vlcl Dressing; rubber heels; wire brushes:
rubber collars, and Colorite. P. C. M. A.. 74
Flood building; after 4 p. m.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of information: sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington. D. C
5 ACTIVE. well-Informed men aa salesmen:
person, conversation, etc., must be best; re-
muneration ln keeping with bigh-gnuta men
wanted. Box 4118. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor; well educated, good
appearance and address and energetic; ex-
perience In advertising, canvassing. Insur-
ance, etc.. of advantage; this lj a high-toned
proposition and remuneration mora than/ or-
dinary. Box 4203, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work by the week:
good wages; steady work. Apply to-day, be-
tween t and 11, at 411 ! a Kearny St.. top floor.
WANTED— Energetic salesmen for elty and
country to solicit business from consumers
for a large producing concern. Address, with
references, box 4213. Call.
LADIES and gents wanted to take orders; no
peddling; steady position. 1171 Mission st. ;
befora 10.
WANTED— AI sign writer. Call at 2137 I>wlght
way, Berkeley.
DISHWASHER; one who understands short ar-
der. 210 Townsend it.
STEADY, sober, experienced dlsnwaaher. til
Kearny st.
OFFICE boy wanted. Box 43SX, Call.
YOUNG batcher wanted; state experience and
wages expected. Address box 423 d. Call oflce.
WANTED— Private students evenings; ctrlX
service, arithmetic, bookkeeping. eta> Box
4230, Call office.
HOTEL FAIRMOUST. 1714 Market st— BlagV»
elderly man for night watch.
STEADY, sober man as partner ln silnani
small capital; call tj-day. 130 Foorta st.
FIRST-CLASS salesman to take ordars; »*»«*t~i
to make big money. 433 Jessie st.
WANTED — Experienced man for liquor store (
must come well recommended. Address) W.
N.. box JSO. Call.
CHAIR caners wanted, male or female, oa
> piece work. 1623 Mission st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: £«
to 500. 552 Mission st.. between Ist and Id sta.
A MAN and wife; man to work outslda an<3
woman in house: country references reculr-
ed. H. M. L.. Valley Ford. Cat.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 monthf
• expenses; steady positions. BUTLELR A
ALGER. New Haven. Cona.
500 PAIRS men's rhoes. slightly damaged. ha!£
price. SG2 Mission St.. between Ist and M sts.
YOUNG men and sailors for deep sea and steaa
whalers. HERMAN'S. X Steuart st.
TWO tailors wanted at 2320 Greenwich «t-t
military work.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade ln • weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free-; only institution ln tha
wcrld teaching the barber and hairdresslng
trades. MOLER'3 BARBER COLLEGE. C 3
Clay st. Branches — Sin Francisco. New York.
Et. Louis. Chlcaso. Minneapolis.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book saleesvea.
Call upon cr address Manager, 527 Market «..
room (22.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. B. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: ZSo
to 50c. ES2 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; IJO largs
rooms; 23c per Right; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neyg. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25tj
per night. Ltnd?H. «th and Howard: read. rm.
WASTED- 100 men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best In city. 403 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hote!. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: "CO rooms. 25c nlcht: reading room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements 2nd nubucrlptlons
received at Call branch nfflce. ?200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions teas been established at ttt*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st 3 .: cp»n till 9 d. m.
A BRANCH office for the r»ceot!on of adver-
tisement* anil subscrJrtlor.s has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : even till !> p, m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha» b*en esXabKslMd at 1353 Va-
l»rol» xt.
lIORSKS. LIVK STOCK. E:c For Sale
40 HOR. C E9 for sale; slso waeons. buggies.
rsrtn. harr.eis. Grand .Arcn<3<» Hcri? Market.
tn Stxth ft.: auction rales every V.'edaesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auct!:n eers.
60 HEAD finf draught and driving hnrses at
1821 and 1€25 Market St.. b-jt. Twelfth and
Brsdy: also »om» fine matched black team*.
$S. HORSE: $45. larse work home: Ion 1 ? body
delivery wagon. $50. 13 City Hall ay?.
FOR «!e— Gentleman's read hon>« and blka
hegry. PALZIEr,. \>t. rvr.t:«t. 5f13 C. G. ay!
FINE gentle horses and new rubber- tired bug-
gies; $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
CHEAPEST and beat ln America— The Weekly
Call. W pages, sent to any address In the
United State*, postpaid, for fl per year.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
PILE-DRIVERS and bridge-builders— Notloe—
The time «>*>t for the closing of the charter of
the Pile-Drivers' and Bridge-Builders' Union
No. 1 is February 24; all intending to become
members forward names within time speci-
fied. Meeting EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT
et Sailors' Union Hall. Mission and East
eta. J. V. BECK. Secretary. 9_! Natoma st.
X. 11. BURNHAM. President.
ASTKOLOGY.
I PREDICT your lucky and unlucky days, give
advice on business and private matters; send
10c with self-addressed, stamped envelope,
with fpx, date of birth; questions answered;
writings for 1S0C; Jl. PROF. HOULE, 811 Van
Ness aye.
ASTROLOGY reveals past and future; send 25c
with birth date, hiur, If known, for life
sk'trh and 64-paK* book on astrology. PROF.
1 BAIRD (7), box 463. Han Jose, Cal.
j PROF. * MASERT of _gypt. greatest astrolo-
ri« and paJmi't in the world; satisfaction
I Ku_ranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
i NICHOLS, astrologer. 78 Third St.. room 2;
i iessens and readings.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I ADVICE ?r<*e; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe« without success: collections. G. W.
j HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
I ADVICE fr«-e: no charge unless successful. W.
; W. DAVIDSON. S:7 Market et., opp. Mason.
j F^ H HERZBACEt, attorney at law, has re-
1 suir.ed practice at 503 Cal. et.. Clunle building.
L 6. CLARK. TCmma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
l;*t «t.: fins-Hatton free: no fees ln advance.
no Ann ami iioosis.
i A BEA-CTfFCX. sunny suite with board; also
1 single rooms; convenient Sacramento, Hyde
; or Jackson street line; private family. 1308
• Jones st.
'NEW family hotel: first-class ln all appolnt-
; merits.; <ycc«'!!ent table: special Inducements to
i eelect penple. $07 Call/nrnla St.. occupying
I corner opp^ite CJrnre Churchy
: HOTEL FAIBMOCNT. 17!4 Market St.— Ele-
1 partly fiirniflied sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
| gle: with <->r without board; table flrst-class;
I reduced rates.
i PRIVATE family has an elegantly furnished
f.at: srtU rent sumy front room with board to
I couple: central. Address box 2C51. Call.
! BUSH, 1124— Eicjrar.t rooms and board, $30 up;
i rejeptlcn room; grounds: no children.
j ••RELGr.AV.A HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny mites: b»?t board: 2. $50 up: single. IT! 50.
I GVERFtERO. 114— Sunny furnished or unfur-
: nished rooms to let with board.
; HTDE. 723, bet. Post and Sutter— Nicely fur-
: r.ished room with board, ln private family.
i LAS PALMAS. rt:o Market st.— Suite of J or J
I rn-.5. : private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
i NATOMA. 25.1. near Fourth — Sunny room; home
j board if d-aired^
i VAN NESS. 544 (The Wallacel— Rooms and
board: reasonable; modern conveniences.
________—____________———————————————————*
DUAUUING FOR CHILDUES.
' LADY living in Frultvale would like to have
I child to b-ard; fresh eggs and milk; TS p«r
I month. Address 12M Grove st. or b-x 3555, Call, j
! LADY with grown famiiy wishes young child to j
board; good home: rea-sonable. Box SolS. Call. }
LADIES' nurse wishes a child to board; best j
of care; reference*. COS Jessie Ft.
GOOD h^rr.e for 2 children over 2 years old.
! -1"B Perry tt.
BOARD AXD ROOMS WANTED.
'¦ EX,r>ET!LY gentleman, wife and daorhter
would like to board in. a private family; best
of references. Bos 5072. Call office.
ROOM with two meals by single gent; state
terms, please. Tir,x OOP. Call.
BOOKS NEW AXD OLD.
i 6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bork Co.. 704 Mission »t.. near Third.
HOOT AMI SHOK BARGAINS.
I SEND for our price list; It's chuck full of bar-
gains; w» pay the freight on country orders.
PEOPLE' S SHOE STORE. 1303 Stockton st.,
1 near Hroadway.
DCSLXKSS CHANCES.
; C^LX r iTBIATREALTY"cO..
SuccefSirs to Schottler & Co..
Room 13, Columbian building.
FanriS from $_¦ to JTO.OOO; lodging houses
from J2OO to tiSCO; business chances from $200
to J73.C00; partners wanted ln all kinds of
business from $300 to 12SCH). paying from tSOO
to MOM per year to each; we have cash buy-
ers for several propositions not on our books;
list your property with us: square dealing,
quick E&les, small percentage our motto; two
1 cfSces to let, 15 each.
COLUMBIA REALTY CO.,
Successors to Schottler & Co.,
Room 53, Columbian building.
¦ HOTEL; central Alameda County; large lot;
hc>tel IS rooms and bar; also cottage, stable,
etc.: house furnished: only hotel in town: at
railroad depot 33 miles from this city; price
. $2XO: easy terms. H. H. CRANE. 608 Cali-
fornia st.
STORE ar.d residence property with large lot
ln town Alameia County; only $2000; a bar-
C-in. H. H. CRANE. MS California St.
12-ROOM house; a sr.ap X5OO
SO-room house; n. bargain JlOOO
A cigar store; Tine location S5OO
A barber shop and cigar store J-.'Q
A branch bakery; rare bargain $U0
A grocery and tar: a snap $600
Fine bakery in good location $1000
MITCHELL. & ADAMS, 605 Market St.
$125 — PARTNER; legitimate business; can
make good wages. CHISEL & CO.. 79 Third.
WE buy, sell and exchange city and country
real estate and business chances on commls-
Elon. J. H. CHISEL & CO.. 79 Third Bt.
$2:OO— BLACKSMITH Ehop; prosperous country
town: 1 lots; buildings and private dwelling
included: part cash if desired. McLAUGH-
LIN &. CO.. 777V4 Market St.
$175— BRANCH bakery, milk, candy, delicacies,
etc; living-rooms: cheap rent; good loca-
tion; a bargain. JONES & CO.. 565 Market.
FOR sale— Downtown saloon. Apply to Mc-
LEOD &. HATJE. 615 Market Bt.
$KW>— WELL- FURNISHED country hotel, with
about 1 acre of land; located at terminus of
railroad ln mir.lng and lumber country; hotel
Is 2-str-ry. containing barroom, billiard-room. 1
clubrooms. dining-room, kitchen and 15 bed-
rooms; drue Btore and barber shop, which
rent for J2O per month; hotel Is completely
furnished ln all respects; also billiard table, |
rash register safe, etc.; stock of liquors and j
provisions about $12%; trade $35 to $50 per day:
all personal property Included ln sale; 2 !
horses, harness. 1 cow. cart, wagon. bu__y.
75 chickens and turkeys, t hogs; this Is a
fine opportunity to get good-paying property;
cause of sale, owner going to Cape Nome. For
further particulars call on C. F. MOORS, 5C5
Market Bt., room «.
SPECULATORS— Now In course of preparation,
"The True Srirnce of Successful Speculation";
the most elaborate, exhaustive, extensive book
ever Issued, price of which will be $2; a few
"sample" copies (when issued) will be mailed
absolutely f r< ¦¦?> of charge to thoee who write
for it. provided application Is received before
the '"free lift" Is exhausted. Address Imme-
diately. "INVESTMENT 6PECIALIST,"
suite 419. 27 TVilllam st.. New York.
GOOD investment ln stock— To desirable par-
ties, a limited amount of stock, in amounts to
suit, In a substantial and old established man-
ufacturing- plant, doing a good and profitable
business, where reasonable dividends may be
expected, fullest Investigation invited; extra
capli^l required to mett Increased business.
B'.x SSCS. Call.
PARTIES who wlsh to Invest $4330 In an estab-
lished business, located for 20 years In ore
j>!ao» and doing now a legitimate and conserv-
ative btt slnesa and clearing $2CO to $300 per
month, may hts<r of such an opportunity by
addressing box 4224. Call office. •••--..
SMALL, but good paying sho» store; also work- '
shop; work enough to employ 2 steady men;
must sell cheap, account of returning to Eu-
rope. MATTERN & MOORE. 25 New Mont-
gomery el.
CAPE Norne — We want parties with itmtJl cap-
ltfil who d»sire tn ko to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Manager, €32 Market, room 1. San Francisco.
DO you need hustling, enterprising your.g man?
Wide experience as ralesman and office man-
hiK-hert indorsement*: no bad habits. FO.V-
TOINE. box 4206. Call.
FOR sale on account of sickness— First-class '
dry cleaning business; proprietor Is willing to
teach business thoroughly; fine location, with
lease of rrcmisrs. Bc_ 3373. Call.
FOR 6a!e— Good paying dairy business with
rmall route; brrt location ln the city; good
livirs rooms; cause of selling departure. -Ad- I •
dresa box 4221. Cull.
FOR ca!e— Grocery store end bar ln Mission- '
low rent; 4 living rooms. Apply at Broadway
Brewer}'. Nineteenth st. and Treat aye. :
ENEHGETIC man to Join me ln lucrative and
well paying business: capital required $500. :
Address box 2707. Call oSlce. Oakland.
WANTED— Photograph gallery ln country; ;
write particulars, price. Address TRITT '
WACHHGRST. 1243 Market St.
LADY would like gentleman partner with Borne :
capital to Invest ln good paying business. Ad- .
dr'ss box 4222. Call. j
WANTKD— Party with $6000 to control 7 claims -
ln richest of Cape Nome district. Address C. ]
8.. box 601. Oakland.
FOR sale— Light grocery; no bar: or will ex- i
change for city property. Box 2613, Call office.
THE SAN FRA3STCISCO CALI,, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, X9OO.
28feHOCBBS — LODGING FOR. BALE.
J_ ROOMS: eunny corner, near
——-——VAN NESS AVENUE
Cost C 2000; crSce only $800
U rooms; fine corner: clears $250 ISOO
*J rooms: north of Market; clears $125 POO
11-room house on Bush et 403
houpe: only 150
25 rooms; rent JJO 1300
i' 4 rooms; eas-y payments _ goo
»-room flat; new 35C
22 rooms; corner; only '.' , 1200
la roo:r.s; en O'Farreil st 125
10 roor.«; on Taylor st: worth $300 450
E3 rooms: corner: clears $150 1800
33-ro(.T.i Cat: clears $1^) EOO
Corner on Msrket; rkar« S4W: 104 rooms.. 4*oo
iVY SBS B ' A o™™- worth $2f>oo; 28 r00m5.... 12C0
"t__tp^one i&Z\r° : " rooms - «•
*«——,- PBC-TKB. 1010 Market rt. opp. Fifth.
A. M. SI'DOK & CO.. 667 Market st
ti rras.; Tost $75" 14 rms.; Ellis 180 ft
14 rms.; N. t\ie.' I_W IS rms.: S. »1de.... *50
49 rrnje. : nr. Orjpheum. Mason., nr. Post 175
Money to loan at reduced rates.
A. M. SPIXK — CO.. 6C7 Market et.
10 ROOM?, very cheap, low rent, clean OS: bi
rooms, irr.no. clears JSOO a month. M_ GRXF_
FIN. 71» Market st.. nr. Call bldg.
A DESIRABLE, lfrre, good -paying transient
house: north of Market; will stand inve«tlra-
tion. Tac. States Realty Co.. _0 Parrcttblf.
LODGING-HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices : money loaned buyers. Rooms
1-2. !17 Market et.
A P.OOMING-HOUSB; banraln if sold at once;
don t delay. Box 19. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS lodging-house wasted; r-pot
cash: n:ut»t be bargain. Box 135<. Call office.
VAMCD-A good centrally located rooming-
house; 25 to 40 rooniß. AdCreos 8.. box 12
Pail cSoe.
trZS— LODGING-HOUSE. 1J rooms, tor sals;
bargain. ISO Second St.: no ag»nts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: »*nd for dr-
rul-r. G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— House eight rooms, bath; part fnr-
t_s_ afl; convenient to trains; low rent. In-
quire £_: Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
JACKSON. ISIS-HouM of T rooms and bath;
rent $:S; water extra.
•PINE and rr-n—ln; 19 rooms _nfl b-th; $40.
TO let— Hocss, _t rooms; stable; B9 bearing
fru'.t trees: S blocks from staXlon. P. C__-
NER. Mill Valley. C_.
TO LET— A house of B rooms; rent $11 per
month, an Polk ft.
S-STORT bull-leg or a large tpacloua store
end b_«_i«_t; Fult—bl* for any bußlnesa; 1427
Park at. Inquire Alameda L_nd Co.. Park
«t and ganta Clara aye.
LOST AND FOCXD.
BTRATED "Wednesday eve. from 126 Lobos et,
Oces— . View. 1 black horse, $ years old, wart
en nose and eye; 1 brown hone, 4 years old.
Reward for Information at 13* Lobos at
ly-ST — A p_*x of eyegl—sses. gold chain, on
Ba_tcme st Return to Golde_ West Hotel;
reward.
LOST— Friday afternoon; se_!skin bag; bstwe«n
Pin* and Hyde. California and Larkln sts.;
return to 1223 Pine st. ; reward.
REAL mink collar; on Market. Poet or Kearny
et. ; from I to < -*». m. Return 119 Bush St.,
ro^m I; liberaJ reward.
L°PT— Pmall black watch: monogram T. G. ;
"KT?ake. Reward. 1347 Golden Gate aye.
LOST— Milch cow; color red: reward. Schaefer's j
Ftockyard. near San Fruno read.
LOFT— Fen. 37. bundle containing s'.lk waist i
end 4 pair* gloves. Return 13054 Polk; reward.
LOST— A bunch of keys. Return to 223 Fourth
Ft.; reward.
LOST— Feb. 16. abcut 5 p. m.. lady's gold watch:
g'!i k»y an<J cha'.n attached: also small open-
facM bUtct watch, near cr &t ccr. of Leaven-
worth and Bush. Finier return to 2100 Bush
ft. cr Sr>6 fansome and receive liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
Sind I/can Society of San Francisco. In the i
rame cf ANNA M. RON AN. No. 2-S-IM. The I
B_dcr will tlcase return to bank. j
_< '^T— Package of human hair; liberal reward, l
M. DUVAL. 112 Eddy Et.
FOUND — E-r._ll purse at entrance of Alcazar;
cwr.i*r can have Eame by proving property.
Ar-p'.y li— Golden Gate aye.
FOUND— Spotted pointer; can be found at 254
Ho:Hb rt- Ouklar.d. GEO. W. MILLER.
FOUND— St. Bernard bitch; brown and white.
Aw ly at 42 ThirtTith tt. j
-- j
M!:uic.u.
UKS. GOODWIN, the welT^krown ."iadle»*'p_y_l-
rtar., formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Kurope with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment tZ: ra!e ar.d reliable cure In one
<l»y: IS yearo' *j<-ce£sful practice in S. F. :
tnattt -nity home; lew fees. IW-i Market et.
ER. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned j
iefiif!' -specialist: cafe and reliable; has prac-
t'.crrj In S. F. for years; treated thousands of I
nuea saco__fnlly; treatment can be used at '
home; consultation free: success guaranteed. I
Writ* or call at 10234 Market st
_>n and MRS. KOHL, ladies' specialists— Guar-
*nte«»d treatment at office. tJ: safe and re-
liablt'; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet. j
Mason and Taylor; hours S a. m. to 6 p. m. |
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: home \
:n cor.lir.empnt; guaranteed treatment at of- I
flee, tt: any ailment; consultation free. 942 :
I'ost st., b*>tw«-n Hyd» and Larkln. |
i>R. and MRS. DAVIES. IMS Market: ladles' !
S-'hyelclan; rhronlc diseases treated: late aelen- j
tiac method!: cure guaranteed; treatment. $5. j
MRS. DR. ALLEN. ICBS Market, ladles' special- i
lrt; guaranteed treatment at office. $S; safe I
and reliable; confutation free; hours 10 to 8.
Mll£. DR. Ff.VKE. 1416 Eighth «_. Alameda.— ]
Female epec.aliM; home In confinement.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. UIS Market j
t-t. : every case guaranteed: $5 up. :
UK. AND MKS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in conflnern<?nt 1212 Gclden Gate aye.
UP.. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
>af»s of the hurr.an body. V.I Mason «t
MIXES AXD MINING.
FOR eaie — Dry washing machine; saves 95 per
cent fine r"l<l: handles 75 tons per day; teets
made on gravel Tuesdays. Ford's Mining j
Machine Works, Second and Castro, Oakland. !
TV ANTED— Respectable party to sell a most
m»Titoriou*> mining int*ro*»t; good conxmleslon; I
¦q__g deal. Box 4;.?2. Call.
«IISCIiL_A.%L;uLS KOU SALES.
UOILEHH. engine*. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII - WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of- |
flee furniture and fixtures; rew and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. ICI7-ieiVloll-10:3 Mliflon I
ft., above Sixth.
IiARS. counters, ehewcafes. t-belvlng. mlrr.irs.
bought, scld and «-xchanged. 10CJ Mission st.
X/V>KINI FOR BrLOIANS? T •
High-bred fan^y creatures fron: prize winners
In KTi^lar.d and America: heavy-weights and
far.cy p^digr**d stock — then correi-i und with
or v!*:t J'ITTOOK'S BKLGIAN HAiiE RAB-
EITRY, Elmhurst. CaJ.; see Britain and
ottjf r choice bucks at stud.
NATIONAL Cash Register; nickel: nearly new;
total adder; bargain. HOLTUM BROS. 651
Market et.
r\mIILKK tandem: in good condition; new
tiree; will cell che_p. 121 Powell St.
GASOLINE «-n*lnes; second hand; all sires;
cheap. NEWEL- BP.OS_. 140 First at.
FINE .Saratoga trunk; cheap. Inquire _16 I
Pblk -t j
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to investigate Dr. Conar.t's
method <>f absorption, which never fall*. Call
or cddrefß for booklet. Anldrosls. 47 Post
oince No. Z: *ent«' baths. 6; exclusive ladles
; • ¦ .•*¦?. euite S3. ______________
fcAFES— New and eecond for banks, merchants,
rteamers. residences; portaole safety boxes;
rtaeO cherts, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th«
V.'sltz Fafe Co.. IC3-111 Market rt.. 8. F.. Cal
A— BUYS, pells or rents gear machinery, en- j
Irt-e* boli<rt> water i^ipe. tUafting, pulleys.
«-tc. WHITELAW. tit Spear et
UKT-iOTAN hares; new 64-egg Incubator; 100-
chick brooder; one-pen barred Plymouth
Rocks. IC2S San Antonio aye.. Alameda.
FOR eale— Sealskin Jacket; good as new; con
$300; make me an offer. 26 OTarrcll. room U.
IRISH setters; fancy pigeons; homers; runts;
white hon-.erg. £041 Linden St.. Oakland.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
»100; concert records, ti iA. I3ACXGALUPI.
J3J Market ft.. S«n Francleco.
FOR Bale-- S pumps, 2 tanks, windmill and
hon-T-ower. ii2S Fifteenth St., or 2627 Twen-
ty-third st t
NET.' National Cash Register, total adder,
cheap for each. Address box 3S4*. Call.
$;o— SINGER sewing machine complete; must
fcell ; a bargain. C 77 N— torn a ct.. nr. Seventh.
FIXTURES for sale cheap In stationery store.
CaJl J&Ctyj Sutter et . •
j;OMi:. c TIC eewlng machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almoFt r.*w; cheap. 1315 Mission it., near 15th.
ANY parties having Angora coats for Bale a4-
dms 11.. *_S National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 30-TON FAIRBANKS scale and lire and bur-
Cl_ r proof safe. < California at.
A-f 3 L 0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 W. Pop-
Blar Price Hatters, 130 Kearny it., nr. Plot.
MISCKLLAXEOUS FOR SALES.
H-H. P. MOTOR for sale, tit. -_ Green it
DR. CRKELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drug- i
gltts. or Dog Hospital. 810 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compretsor; t locomotives. 220 Fremont
DRESS pants, 11 75; flne suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers.lathes,
iron _ wood: 26-hand. J. BURKE. 18* Beal-
NEW and recond-hsnd plot machines bought
and »ol_. W. C, BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
BECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engineg. H. S. White. 611 MlimlO— .
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy or rent a medium elze port-
able rock crusher. Address by mall, Contrao-
tor, 1209 Claus Sprockets bldg.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Second-hand Jig saw; give price
and particulars. Addresa box 2612. Call.
COPYING of legal documents, etc.. dons by
typewriter at 221 Post st., room 81.
SCRAP iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
clbco Iron Yard. W4 Mission »t.
MOMJV TO LOAN.
HIGHLY rcupectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Btore. 84« Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; I per cent; first.
second mortgages estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance : chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E>.
OLFE.V. room If. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $54
to $100,000; I per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estate* In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought* advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. (32 Market.
ANY amount at < per cent; Ist. Id and td mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing buslneaa el>«-
where. R McCOLGAN. U Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Contervatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER _ CO., 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture «nd pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Roorni
C 8 and €9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431
California st
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 8 per
cent: no removal; no commission. R.Sl.t Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 536 Parrott bulld-
lcg— Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT Ihi per cent per month, on furniture. 1501
Polk St.. OTTO MAJC.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott bulldlor.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$S0 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proportion. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planoe, without removal; no
com— lwslon: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money »cc H. MURPHY. 630 Market st |
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Arency. 14S Ph»!an h-HMlne.
MONfcf* WA.Vl__>.
WANTED— To borrow on choice suburban real
estate $1200 not above 10 per cent per annum.
Box 4202. Call office.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos
¦where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are celling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
fcr $J. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter eta., Ban Francisco. ; corner Thlr-
tfenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olde&c and largest house
weEt of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
ri. 28 and 39 O'Farrell et. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms ea*y; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianoe; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER — CHASE. SO O'Fan-ell st.
PIANOS are offered at lower prices than ever
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
THERE Is only one place to buy a Decker or a
Packard piano. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianoe- prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 824 Post St.
E0 6LIGHTLT used high and medium grade
planes; special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Elllt st.
VERT beautiful. 3-pedal upright piano; used a
few months; $175. Room 12. Flood building.
PIANO. $4C-0; upright: will b« sold by the 23d
to highest offer. 1239 Mission St.
WANTED — A square piano In good condition.
Apply at 620 Bush St.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75: very flne
Steinway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $125,
call evenings. 1219 Powell st.
W. G. BADGER. 411 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ; HIS Market st
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed.
"fCEEFFE'S. 1019 kan Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 21« McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. II
McAllister St. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
LARGE Btore: 2 windows: suitable for bar-
room, coffee parlor, etc. ; low rent. 1217 Mar-
ket st.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
office* and stores.
NEW corner, suitable for drugstore: fixtures
complete; cheap. Eighth aye. and Clement.
FOLSOM. 870— Large sunny store, with 3 living
rooms. Apply H. UMBSEN & CO.
fro— 6TOKK; Z «how windows and ."> large rooms;
adapied t" any bii«ln»««. 42J Sixth st.
PAL3IISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PAKTSEKS WANTED,
$5000 WANTED to enlarge profitable established
business. Box 4204, Call of flee. .
PERSONALS.
MINING gentleman, age 84, from Oregon, with
brilliant prospects, anxious to meet respect-
able younx widow; view matrimony; bank
references. Box 4220, Call office.
INFORMATION wanted of JAMES TAYLOR,
formerly of Boston, Mass.; wife, MARGARET
DILLON TAYLOR, or their heirs. Addresa
box 93. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of 40 desires correspondence
with young lady or widow; object matrimony.
Box 4214. Call office.
BARBER wants wife. 28 years of age. to live
In mining camp. Address Postofflce box
73.800. Phoenix. Ariz.
BELLE-OUDRT I
ARE YOU GRAY?
We restore gray hair to its original color,
cure all scalp diseases. Mop falling hair; rem-
edy sent by mall; book on hair and consulta-
tion free: we grow hair on bald heads; no pay
till we do It; no other hair specialists In
America offer such inducements. THE HIR-
SUITINE CO., 6 Eddy St.. San Francisco.
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles: free this week: I guarantee to per-
manently remove nuperfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologist. J207 Market St., opp. City Hall.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic. *5c bot..
and Lederer's Foamo Shampo, 6c pkg., are
used solely in my halrdressing parlors, 123
Stockton st.
LADIES troubled with wrinkles, pimples.
coarse pores, sunken cheeks, sallowness, gray.
superfluous and falling hair, consult MME.
FISHER. » Powell st
MIPS MAY BUTLER has again opened halr-
dressinc parlors at 19 Powell et.. where all
old customers will be welcome. . ¦
LEDERER, the popular ¦ hairdresser, ha* only
the latest hair styles; halt-dressing 25c; manl-
curing 25c: on Monday only, 100 switches at
40c. G. LKDERER, 12S Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in - America.; sketch of life and
proap«ctii; send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SURRANO, P. O. box E23S, Boston,
Uu*. . ¦ ¦- i
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMEN, bring your goods and we will
make and trim your suit for $10 this month to
advertise our work. MASTEN, the tailor, 509
Larkln st., near Turk.
LADIES' busts enlarged 6 Inches; harmless:
$100 cash guarantee; proof free. Leonard
Medicine Co.. Kansas City. K_ n.
"HAIR Doctor's Remedy" corrects; no poison;
use myself. KUESTER, speclalst N. G.
Depct Oakland.
PAWN tickets bought; those unable to redeem
pledges communicate with box 4212, Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chen Hie- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
PHYSICAL culture, massslfce, to ladles: private;
Mrs.Wagner.craduate masseuse, 1013V4 Larkln.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted bands. 1343 Howard st
______________ _
Best published— FßED.
J. W. GUNNEL-. Toledo. Ohio.
ANY lady calling on February 15 to our cloak
and suit department will receive a souvenir
tpoon-of the battleship Maine; worth while to
come. Eastern Outfitting Co., 13M Stockton
et, near Broadway.
A FINK cult to order $10 75 or pants $3 75; our
tpeclalty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS,
1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 632 Kearny, near Saeto:
also 1644 Market st., under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 100 rooms;
tSc to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and bagrage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN <t CO.. 7a^^2i____
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
IF you wish full value for your cast*off cloth-
lng call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. black 4123.
COLEMAN buys clothing. brie-a-Drac. tools,
carpets, old pold; send for him. EM Kearuy.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTB,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1115 Linden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy to
work; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS I NO KNIFE 1
Different from any other treatment
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON, 607. 608 and 5C9, Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIo and residence,
1021H Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
KF.AL USTAI- CITY FOR SALIC.
i — — — -
EAETON. ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 Market Street.
RESIDENCES.
$7500— Large elegant modern residence, 11 rooms
i and bath, attic, 'basement, stable; on
Pine st., near Pierce; sunny side street;
large lot, 42:4-137:6; $5000 bank mortgage
can remain.
$6COo— Nice residence, on California street. 7
j - rooms and bath; lot. 34:4x137:6. alone
: worth the money; must be sold to close
an estate; submit offer.
$5250— Northeast corner on Pine st; lot 27:6x110
feet: house 8 room and bath.
$1550— Forced sale; nice cottage 4 rooms, stable;
lot 30x114, on 29th St.; street bltumlnlzed;
electric cars pass; $250 cash, balance $15
per month.
INVESTMENTS.
RENTS $1980 PER ANNUM.
$_!,500— Large corner on Ellis st; 3 frontages;
both streets bitumen, near Van Ness aye. ;
lot 52x120 ft.
$15,000 — 40x150 feet, running from street to street,
near the corner of Mission and New
Montgomery streets; old improvements
rent for $105 per month..
: $6500 — 2 elegant modern flats, 7 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $55 per month; on Scott St.,
nr. Fell, or will trade for city property. ;
JOCCO — 2 flne flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; on
sunny side Page St., nr. Scott; lot 25x100
feet.
$1600— On Shipley st, nr. 4th; 2 flat- of 1 rooms;
rents $18 per month.
UNIMPROVED.
$2000 — Large lot. 30x117:6 feet to rear street, on
bfst block on Dolores st, a few feet from
22d-st cars.
$1150— Fine building lots: 15 ' minutes' ride from
Market and Kearny sta. ; electric cars
pass property; street bltumlnlzed; will
make terms to suit or build to suit pur-
chasers.
$1000— Fine building lots at corner 29th and San
Jose ayes.; streets bltumlnlzed.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ C.
638 Market street
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INcT)] !
513 CALIFORNIA ST. '
IMPROVED.
36x87:6 — Jessie Ft., near First; old Improve-
ments: rents $62 50; $10,000. ;
25x137:6 — Locus st.. near Jackson: modern '
house o? 10 rooms; $9.*00.
2JxWl— Fourth st. near Harrison; store and :
flat: $6S00; sale urgent
2r)X137:6— Grove, st., near Central aye; new 3-
etory hay-window flats; rents $50; $0500.
112:6x37:6x87:6— Corner Kearny and Greenwich
sts.; 10 2-story houses; rents $S0; $6000.
34:4x1/7:6 — Sacramento at., near Hyde; cot-
tage; $."i2r-0.
2r,x7." — Corner Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 3
flats; rents $37; $."000.
23x81:6— Twenty-fourth Ft., near Dolores; 2-
etory house, 6 rooms and bath; $COO down, bal-
ance same as rent; interest at 6 per cent; must
be ROM nt elesi an estate.
23xl37:fi— I'ajje at., near Pierce; cottage; rent
$27 EO: $J?00.
25x100— .Stanyan sts.. near Rivoll aye.; house
of 8 rooms and bath; $3750.
36x90— Guerrero st., near Nineteenth; cottage*
$3700.
25x100— Sanchez st, near Nineteenth; modern
cottage; $IBCO.
I 25x100— York st, near Twentieth; house of 10
| rooms; $2800.
i 25xf»0 — Diamond St.. near Twenty- fourth; cot-
tape: rent *13: $2JOO.
25x120 — Eleventh aye., near Lake St.; new cot-
tage; $2100.
23x50— Auburn st, near Pacific; 3-story house-
renu $24; $1700.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon st, near Pacific;
$1600; 2-Btory houee.
UNIMPROVED.
<"B:9xS7:6 — Cor. Flllmore and Green »ts. ; $6000
25x100— Florida rt.. north of Eighteenth.
30x90 — W. of Mission, S. of Army: 3 lots
27x110— McAllister, near Steiner; $.".750.
240x1.10— Cor. Thirty-fourth aye. und A; $3500.
25x100— McAllister st, near Lyon; J22SO.
' 25x137:6— Frederick st, near Cole; J2OOO.
25x137:6— C01e St.. near Frederick; J2OOO.
25x120— Second aye., nr. California st. : $1200.
80x71:10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
260x125 — NW. corner of Fountain and Twen-
ty-fifth Fts.
FOR SALE BY
\V. H. CRIM & CO.. US Montgomery St
A Potrero block, partly Improved; cheap.
$26,000— McAHiater st, opposite City Hall; 50x
87:6; Improved.
A bargain-Two half blocks In Richmond dis-
trict; California and Clement sts.; will sub-
divide.
$2230— Cottnge: Clipper st: 6 rooms and bath-
24:6x114: can be sold on easy terms.
$1700 — Twenty- fourth st., near Church; 2Sx
102:8. with Improvements. * " ;
$1000— Second aye.. near Point Lobos: 25xl I> o
Corner Washington and Walnut sts.; 68:9x127-
unobrtructed marine view.
$SooO— Twenty-fourth st., near Bryant; 4 flats-
50x104: one-half cash.
Reduced to S62iO— Corner Capp and Eighteenth
ats. ; house. 10 rooms: 2 baths; lot 40x122:6; cor-
ner portion vacant, with room for etore etc
$6000— Mission st.. near Sixteenth; store and
flat; a bargain; 25x105.
$6500— Clara st. near Fourth; 3 flats of 6
rooms each; always rented; hou»e In flne con-
dition; r.xSS.
$42^0— Thrte flats: 4 and 5 rooms and bath*
in flne order; 27:6x100; good view; Colllngwood
st. near Nineteenth.
$2750— A bargain: 54 lots in South San Fran-
cisco.
$22TO— Modern cottage; Golden Gate aye., near
Park; 4 rooms and bath.
$2200—3719 Twentieth st, near Guerrero; house
and lot; 25x114.
Reduced to $1600— Corner Twenty-first and
Chattanooga sts,; 27x75.
$1200— Eighteenth st, near Douglass; 25x121*
street work done.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery St.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st " ~~ "
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
' Several flne pieces of property on and ad-
jacent to Market st
$20,000— Excellent corner In • Hayes Valley-
store and dwelling; lot 55x68:9: feet.
PARK LOTS.
On Installments: $15 down and $5 per month*
price $150: park lots 25x120 feet each: well lo-
cated; only 5 blocks from the parks and 4
blocks from the boulevard: also on $5 down and
*5 per month, lots 26x100 feet In the Oarden
Tract near the terminus of San Bruno-ave. car
$U0 or less each— Lots 25x100 in' Silver Ter-
race, near Silver aye.
FINE lot on Uranus it. near 17th; near cart;
$200. Inquire 133 Valencia st. ¦
t MODERN flats, cheap; must sell account of
departure for Europe. Inquire 467 Tehama.
INQUIRE 143. Fulton st.; fine flats; near City
tiall, within two block*. ...
- . "_ ¦¦ ¦ ¦: ¦ -¦¦ i
HEAL 3STATE CITY— FOR _.-__.
Q. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. _^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTOOMBRT ST.
$10,000.
Elegant Pacific Heights residence: lot 40x
127:6; Washington st ; very choice location.
$13,000.
Elegant mansion on California st; 11 rooms,
bath, laundry, etc.: very sunny; lai-gs lot,
81:4^x132:6.
$1500.
Near 16th and Church •_.; cottar* of 4
rooms; lot 26:11x70.
$10,500.
Elegant residence corner; grand marine
views that cannot be obstructed: 137:6x137:6;
both streets accepted; bouse of 'lo rooms, bath,
etc
$1600— RENTS $168 PER ANNUM.
To close an estate; near Jones and Paolflo
its.; cottage of t rooms and lot; only $800 cash
" qUlred - $6000.
A flne 2-story basement and attic residence
of 7 rooms, bath, laundry, store room, etc.;
north line of California st. : elegant mansion.
$3500— RENTS $438 PER ANNUM.
Vallejo st. near Hyde-st cars; 2 flats and lot.
$10,000— R17NTS $1044 PER ANNUM.
Corner near Market and Valencia sts. ; 6 sub-
stantial flats; brick foundations; 37:6x50; both
streets accepted; no reasonable offer refused.
$2500— RENTS J3OO PER ANNUM.
Near 2d and Howard sts. ; 2 two-story houses
of * rooms each; 25x75.
$5000— RENTS $396 PER ANNUM.
Pine st.. near Van Ness aye.; 2 substantial
flats and lot.
$3000-RENTS $504 PER ANNUM.
Shipley st.; 3-story building In store and 14
rooms above: 25x70; street accepted.
$13.C00.
Post st.; downtown: substantial improve-
ments: 3-story house and 2 flats; brick founda-
tion, bay windows, etc. ; lot has double front-
***' $SOOO— RENTS $792 PER ANNUM.
Two houses of 7 rooms and bath each and lot
33x100; Devlsadero st. : must be sold to close
an estate: no reasonable offer refused.
$3200.
Very cozy cottage on Devlsadero st. ; 6 rooms,
bath and basement: 27:8x100.
ON VERY EASY TERMS.
Lots at Waller and Stelner sts. of German
Savings and Loan Society; all ready to build
on; terms V 4 cash, balance at 7 per cent.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit. Call and obtain one
of our "Real Estate Records." which contains
a list of properties for sale In nil part 3 of the
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT AND RESI-
DENCE PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
Monday, February 26, 1800.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
BW. corner 19th and Shotwell sts. ; store, cot-
tage of 4 rooms and 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms;
rents $55; lot Ssx9o, subject to confirmation by
the court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
2707 Jackson st.. S. line, near Scott St.; mod-
ern residence of 10 room and bath; brick foun-
dation, etc.; lot 27:6x127:5Vi.
EXECUTRIX SALE.
Pierce nt, west line, 100 ft. north of Vallejo
St.; spacious house with large grounds; lot 75x
200; subject to confirmation by the court.
ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE.
NE. corner Sacramento and Devlsadero sts. ;
choice, modern residence of 12 rooms and bath,
dance hall, wineroom, etc.; Interior elegantly
flnlshed In natural oak; lot 52:3x81:2; must be
sold on account of owner's departure for Eu-
rope.
CHOICE BUSINESS /TORSER.
NW. Pacific and Sansorne sts. ; Improvements
consist of 4 stores and one dwelling; rents $113
per month; both streets accepted by the city;
lot 34x67.
CHOICE RICHMOND COTTAGE.
112 13th aye., near Lake st. ; cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; high basement and stable; rent $11:
lot 25x120; this property faces the proposed new
Panhandle, between the Park and Presidio.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
SW. corner of 20th and Eureka sts.; modern
residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc.; commanding a flne view; lot 100x100.
MISSION COTTAGE.
341 Sanchez st, E. line, near 16th st. ; bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; stable in rear; rent 415; lot
28x90.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
I 318-S2O-322 Point Lobos aye.. N, line, near
j Wood st. ; 2-story bay-window house of 6 rooms
| and 2 Hats of 5 and 6 rooms each; lot 60x81:3.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery street.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1858.
$17.000— Fulton St.. bet. Polk and Van Ness
aye.; lot 60x120 to Ash aye.
i $7000— Modern flats on Ftllmore it, near Mc-
Allister; rente $50; a bargain.
$6000— Folsom st. between Third and Fourth;
: 3 stores; rents $42 60; lot 40x80.
$7700— McAllister st, near Stelner; elegant
house; 8 rooms and bath; 26:6x110.
$3000— Baker et, near Sacramento; t rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
j Must be sold— Shotwell st, near Sixteenth;
; rent $40; price only $3500.
! $2300— Bryant St.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; lot 20x80.
$3100— Oak Grove aye., near Harrison St.;
rents $26; lot 25x112. 1
j->soo— Sheridan st, near Tenth and Harrison;
! flats; well rented; lot 25x100.
J4250 Octavla St., near Haight; an elegant lot
for modern fiats; 37:6x87:6.
$3500— Greenwich St.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2000— York Bt - near 25th ! B rooms and bath;
lot 25x100.
$1500— Day St., near Church: cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x114..
MADISON & BURKE,
«26 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery street.
$9CCO— Lot; flne view of bay; N. W. cor. Lar-
kln and Chestnut sts.; 145x139; California and
Hyde st cars in 1 block; or In subdivisions as
follows- $3000 for corner, 37:6x139; $1600 lor ln-
kUie lots. 27x135; easy terms.
ttj.ooo— Third St., near Howard; good building
and 'basement; rents $1500 per annum.
$20 CUO— Page st, near MarKet; large lot; rents
$ico'per annum; will Increase in value steadily.
$16 500— Cor. Leavenworth and Sacramento
sts -3 houses- rent $1620 per annum; this is a
good investment: never vacant; easy terms.
J3ooC— House of 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: Twenty-third st., near Castro; fine view;
this Is a bargain; In warm belt; make offer.
$ii"oo— 8. W. cor. Vallejo and I'ierce; 45x112:6.
•2gcO Corner on Fifteenth st, near Valencia;
choice for flats; llEht for every room.
•1500— Lots on S. fitde of Chestnut st, near
Stockton; street accented; very cheap.
Bl ° * HAWKS & SKELTON, •
321 Montgomery at.
RUSSELL _ SURHYH^ :gomer _ str ___
$5750— A rare opportunity; a big bargain; three
flats renting for $58 per month; corner, near
Market St.; lot 23:4x96: foreclosure sale.
$Csoo— Four flne Hats and cottage in rear; rents
$S8 per month: Capp Et. : lot 39:4x122:6; owner a
non-resident determined to sell; an offer consld-
s77so— Corner, near Larkin and California; fine
hous« 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x100.
$0250— Near Van Ness aye. and Grove st; flne
house 8 rooms and bath; easily controvertlble
into flats at small outlay; a bargain.
GOING FAST.
AT $3500 EACH.
Those choice lots which we are selling situate
on McAllister and Stelner sts.; 2 more sold this
week: there will be a big advance In this prop-
erty In the next six months: If you are seeking
a choice building lot for a home of flats don't
fall to look at this property: street work done;
McAUlster-st. cars pass the property.
$500 IS all a new 5 room and bath cottage will
cost you that I am now building on Hoffman
aye.: Heyman Tract.
$750 for a two-story. 6-room house, on 9th
aye.. near California and Presidio Heights.
$250 for a 4 room and bath cottage.
Come personally and have a talk with me
and 1 will explain it to you so that you will be
convinced of It
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Butter st.
$90 LOTS on easy terms; near the Beach and
opposite the gold mines now developing.
P JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st
1450— HOUSE of three rooms: lot 60x123; in
Colma, near R. R. station; on $10 monthly In-
¦t-lmenu.- jACQB _ EYMAN> w .^
J2300-FINE cottage; on 14th aye.,' facln. new
Panhandle. •
$1600— Rents $17; tenement property on Ship-
ley, near 4th. • .
$1000— California, near 13th aye.; close to
new Panhandle. _
JSOO— Make offer: Predta aye,, near Mission.
$500 — Very cheap lot; Castro, near 22d.
$700— Easy terms; 14th aye., near D; facing
new Panhandle. .
$275— Easy terms; must sell; corner in South
San Francisco: level; ready for building.
$185— Corner lot: le\ r el and ready to build on:
one block from Mlssion-st.' cars; cheapest lot
in the city.
..-¦¦ :.'*- BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. makes loans on
. second mortgages, Interests In estates, sto.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR BALK.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$6500— Octavta ¦„, near Broadway; two-story
residence of ( rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st. Treat
aye., 13th and 14th sts., being offered In sub-
divisions; call at office and get diagrams; $1200
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$70,000— Close to Third and Howard Bts.; part-
ly Improved; will pay 6 per cent net; large
lot. 134:6x165; double frontage.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Rltch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22x80.
$8500— Tehama St., near Third; 8 tenements:
rents $76; lot BcxSO.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on Laguna
St.; special offering of several choice residences;
get diagram and particulars at office. •-
CORNER LOT. .
$5000— Van Ness aye.: corner: 32:6x109.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
.. ' -.'. ,'¦.':'}¦'': 10 Montgomery st
____________
Rapidly Growing Residence Section.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.: right on
the Park and the new Nlnteentli-ave. boule-
vard: a number of lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly: fine Investments: good
building lots: all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamalzed; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent Interest only.
PRICES $525 UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes: elec-
tric cars pass the property: see this block at
once; go to our branch office to-day, cor. H
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at
our office. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
A FIFTY-VARA CORNER
In North Beach: on car line; fine marine view;
all graded and ready to bulia on; for sale as a
whole; price only $6C00; a good chance for a
builder.
ELLIS STREET.
North side of Ellis, near Jones; flne lot 38x120
feet, running back to rear street; old Improve-
ments: renting for $t>s monthly; price $20,500.
POST STREET,
Between Leavenworth and Hyde; could be
turned into three flats at small expense and
made to pay big Interest on Investment; lot
34:4x137:6 feet; price $13,000.
I DOWNTOWN.
Ellis st, near Taylor; house of 20 rooms; rent-
ed for $120 monthly; lot 27:6x137:6 feet; price
$20,000.
RENTS ?80, PRICE $<000.
Three modern flats in Panhandle district; Al
Investment.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Send for list of cottages in all parts of the
Mission; from $1760 upward; easy terms if de-
sired.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Store and three flats; rents $40 per month;
building could be Improved and made to pay
big; reduced to $3250.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Two flne lots on Seventh aye., near Park;
level lots; very cheap; at $750 each.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery bt.-San Francisco.
LYON _ HOAG.
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$Ssoo— Eddy-st. inveetment; lot £0x137:6, with
threa 2-story residences; rented for $67 60.
$20.000— Hyde st. 1 block from City Hall; large
lot 45x83; good improvements; rented for $130;
is rapidly Increasing In value; splendid invest-
ment
$3700— Rents $3?; close to Ninth and Market
ets.; store and flat above; lot 25_66; improve-
ments in good repair.
$4650— Rents $45; Golden Gate aye.,' near
Baker st; 2 good flats; lot 25x137:6.
$25,000— Splendid business corner; within 3
blocks of Market and Mason streets: 40x
52:6; best bargain In entire section; could be
improved to pay high rate of interest
$21,000— A splendid opportunity: flne large
corner 50x75: at junction of Market and Va-
lencia; pays bank interest now at this price;
in a few years will yield a royal income.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
A MODERN COTTAGE.
$250 CASH, $20 MONTHLY.
$1850— Highland aye., near Mission st; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100; a bargain.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$15.000— Handsome new flats on Pacific aye. ;
contain 8 large rooms; expensively built; com-
mand a superb marine view, lot 30x127:8; a fine
Investment in a swell district.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st
TO BE ABLE
To buy a home and pay for It with your
rent money, that Is what we offer you. Take
Mission-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-second
St.. ride to Hoffman aye. and look at them.
We have 4, 5 and' 6 room cottages. They con-
tain all the latest Improvements.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$15 A MONTH— New 4^room and bath cottage;
half a block from Mission st; street work
done. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post Ht.
$12 50 A MONTH — New 4-room and bath cot-
tage near Crescent aye. and Mission st.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$7 50 A MONTH— 2 lots and a 3-room cottage;
half a block from Folsom-st. cars; price $730.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st
$100 AND upward — Fine building lots; street
work done; $5 monthly.
OSCAK HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
A BARGAIN— Twenty-first st, near Bryant; lot
25x104: easy payments; street bltumlnlzed.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
RARE chance — New house of 6 rooms, bath and
closets, all In modern style; carpenter shop
and outhouses In back yard; lot 50x70; splendid
location, near Mission power house. Prospect
aye.; street and sewer work done; worth over
$2C00; will sell for $1680 on easy terms. Call on
the owner, 45 Prospect aye.. and look at it,
and If It suits Inquire of THISTLETON. 272
Sadowa st, Ocean View, or of McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st, agents.
A— DAVID STERN & SONS. ——————
Real Estate Agents, 11 Montgomery st.
$10,000 — Great bargain; land alone worth the
money; Post, near Leavenworth; present rent
$55 per month: expenditure of $5000 will produce
an income of $175 per month; 34:44x137:6.
$2710—431 Fair Oaks st, bet. 25th and 26th;
modern house; S rooms and bath; 25x125.
$5500-Rents $60; 3 modern flats; Haight st.
CHEAPEST lot In Richmond; only $420, on B
st., east of Eighth aye; a few steps from 2
lines of cable cars; adjoining lots held at
$300; easy payments. W. J. GUNN. 530 Cali-
fornia at.
A BARGAIN— Cost $3000; will sell for $3000;
houre and lot In the Mission warm belt; con-
taining 7 rooms and bath; high basement;
brick foundation: half cash: balance to re-
main on mortgage ; or will exchange for im-
proved ranch. Address box 2365, Call office.
JIOO — LOT on Twenty-seventh aye.; 2 blocks
from Golden Gate Park, South Side; 25x120.
Apply C. HOLTUM. 551 Market st.
5-ROOMED bay-window cottage: brick founda-
tion* marble mantel; shutters on all windows;
2 lots. 50x70: $1400. Apply 607 Moultrle st,
alongside Bernal School.
N W. CORNER Twenty-third and Dolores — 50-
foot lot with Improvements; look at It and
make me an offer; I am going to sell regard-
less. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner.
454 Ninth st. Oakland.
RqL GEl Z* <V" I » i CC i.Jti LXi
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR _\ARK LOTS.
Now for a Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
$200 to $400— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from H to X st.; $5 monthly.
$500 to $800— Choicest lots Jn Sunset: streets
graded and sewered: $10 monthly.
$300 to $800— Cheapest residence lots in Rich-
mond; easy term*.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Misslon-st elec-
tric car line; only $3 monthly.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ _ BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 824 Montgomery at.
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold: 53x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl st. near Stanyan: 2Jx
187:6 feet
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. makes loans on
second mortgagee, interests in estates, eto.
MODERN flats — $5800; containing 5 and 8 rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences; .631 Waller st. one
block from Haieht and Pierce; easy tersis.
F. KELSON. Builder.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses. 7 rooms;
latest Improvements: No* and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st ears; patent sidewalk.
REAL —STATE—CITY FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK A CO.
LOAN MONEY.
CS7 Market st, opp. Kearny.
$So,oofl—Grand corner; 75 ft front: % block
from Market st., not far from Sixth; rents $300.
$75.0 CO —Grand cor., 80 ft., within block of
Baldwin: positively tha cheapest property
(downtown) in the city.
$55.000— Rare Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-story brick building: stores and lodg-
ing-house above; 36 feet front.
$43,000— Corner: rents $400; modern improve-
ments: lot 80x135 feet
$26,500— Near Eddy and Jones; stors and 26
rooms above: modern: pays 7 per cent net.
$24.000— Sixth st.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly: good building; 4 stores.
$22.5C0— Third st.. abcut 325 feet from Market;
store and lodging-house: terms. »4 cash.
$fooo— 6 elegant new flats; lot (oxloo ft; all
rented for $S4 a mo.; grand bargain.
$7650— Six good flats; rents $360 yearly: down-
town: lot 60 feet front
$SCOO-Post st; S good flats; rents $50; lot
27x110.
$3230— C0r. etore and t-room Cat; rents $37:
foreclosure.
$1730— Two nice flats; rents $1« 50.
%1ZO — 6 rooms and lot 45x72 ft.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market at
A. M. SPECK & CO..
657 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted; close to Santa Fe ferry site:
PW. cornfr Folsori and Beale sts.: lot 92:1 x
1'"7:6. with Imrrnvements.
KKAIi I'STATK — COUNTRY— For S_le
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE
FOR RENT OR SALE.
A very desirable place of 5 acres: 2 miles
from Vallejo and Mare Island Navy-yard;
highly cultivated; the entire place s?t with
bearing trees and vines of many varieties of
fruits and nuts; sptendld modern dwelling of
7 rooms, cellar; summer kitchen attached;
water piped in house and throughout the place;
stables, toolroom, 'wagon sheds, pig pens,
chicken house; abundance of water from 2
new and modern windmills; good terms will
be given to a steady find industrious tenant;
rent $20 per month. Call or address
FRED HALLMAN'.
tr.illip.in House. Vallejo.
A LOVELY INCOME HOME AND USEQCA_-
F.D VALUE.
80 acres rich loam: no adobe: fenced: 3 fields;
50 hlshly cultivated; 30 wooded hill pa-sture;
25 aores bearing orchard; <-room residence;
large barn; poultry arrangements; 3 living
springs, trout creek and wells: fine road ad-
jacent to Nar>a; including stock and tool*,
only $o."00.
N. D. BICKELS, the LAND AGENT,
li) Geary st.. opp. Chronicle building. S. T.
ROSS Valley camping ground: plenty of shade
and water; very cheap; lots to suit; will rent
Postofflce box 401, San Rafael.
SONOMA County; small and large tract stock
ranches: £00 to IS.C-no acres; banner county.
J. T. PETERS. 11 Montgomery at.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, near Call bid*.,
soils and exchanges city realty and farms In
all parts of California: call on him.
11 ACRES— Ofose to depot: 36 miles from this
city; 3 aci-es in vineyard, some orchard; house
anil barn; a flne neighborhood; beautiful
scenery; running water In front; bank price
$l&00- a snap: don't miss It. H. H. CRANE,
ECB' California at.
A SPLENDID farm of 117 acres: good land: ad-
. joining town of Pleasanton, A'ameda Co.; can
now be purchased at $17 CO per acre. Including
portion of growing crop. H. IL CRANE, id
California it.
BARGAIN— 6OO-acre stock ranch: 2.> miles from
Oakland. 4 miles from railroad town: abund-
ance of water; 20 acre« orchard and vineyard.
a portion hay land: fine Improvements; $.0 pr
acre: see photographs, this of lice. H. H.
CRANE. SCS California st *
$Cu'.* S2s!* PER acre for Immediate sale— 200
acres (nr less), nearly all In crop, near Sunol,
Alameda Co.; no such bargain ever offered.
H. H. CRANE, 508 California St.
FOR SALE — A beautiful orchard home prop-
erty of Ss*4 acres, all in full bearing trees,
one-third prunes, the balance peaches, pears,
apricots and cherries, with good improve-
ments, situated in the warm foothill belt of
Santa Clara Valley. 9 miles west of San Jose.
6 miles from Santa Clara and 4 miles from
Mountain View; paying a good income; price
only $25,000 i For particulars address A. L.,
Call Agency, San Jose.
MARIN Co.; 26 miles from S. F.— s« to $S0
per acre; choice lands in tracts of- all sires:
Improved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain. |
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail i
and water transit: -rood schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Bth floor. Mills bid*.. S. F.
AN elegant home farm of 12 acres, near Moun- ]
tain View; large modern house, 9 rooms; 10 j
acres In best French prunes In full bearing,
bringing In nearly $2000 yearly Income; cost
$15.(X,0; will be sold for $10,C00. Box 3357, Call.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free lint of Sonoma County bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPI.VG.
AT 62 Second— Nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 60 to $2 50 a week.
CALIFORNIA. I£23 — Sunny room; 1 or I tjentie-
men: breakfast If desired; private family;
references exchanged.
CASTRO. Bll— 2 unfurnished rooms; rent $4 EO.
ELEVENTH. SH— Unfurnished large front
room for light housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353 — Double parlors, kitchen, bath; fur-
nished for housekeeping: $20: also room. J4 up.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— s7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard: water.
FOLSOM. 525— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping: $1 50 wek.
FOLSOM. S34 — Sunny front room and kitchen;
sink; closet: stove; bath; no children; pri-
vate; $10.
FOLSOM. 133P— Alcove sunny front room for 2;
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1235— Tw0 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; adults; references.
GOLDEN GATE. 1410— Finely furnished floon
complete; sun; bath; yard; reasonable.
HAVES, 374 — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; sunny elde; no children.
HOWARD, 1061—2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $3; also others.
JONES, 2201. cor. Greenwich— Two large sunny
front housekeeping roooms; complete; $10 a
month.
LARKIX. 1007— Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas stove; reasonable.
LEROY place. 114, bet Jones St Leavenworth— 3
very pleasant sunny housekeeping rooms; $9.
LEWIS. 11, off Taylor— 2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms: newly papered and painted; $9. $12.
MINNA. 23— Sunny furnished basement: house-
keeping rooms: $1 W> per week; large enough
for 6 In family, and single rooms.
MINNA. 537— One large front room furnished
for housekeeping. |
MISSION. 1125',^— Housekeeping rooms. $3 and j
$2 50.
MISSION. 112»— The cleanest and cheapest
housekeeping suite or single; children taken.
OLIVE aye., 127 — 2 unfurnished rooms; also use
of kitchen; $6 per month. |
POST. 6.^6— Nicely furnished tunny rooms; prt- !
vnte house: housekeeping If desired.
POWELL, 510— Sunny furnished front room with
kitchen, bath, closets, yard: sep. entrances.
SUTTER. 1111, nr. " Larkln — Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hkgp.; terms reasonable.
TO let— Two or three furnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping. Apply before 12 m.. 181S
Polk st.
TURK, 540— S unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
TWELFTH. 40 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; $10.
TWELFTH, 122. bet. Mission and Howard— 2
sunny housekeeping rooms with gas stave. j
VALENCIA. 844— Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; closet, bath, gaa; sunny.
VAN NESS aye., 43— Furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; also others; very reasonable.
VICKSEURG. 31S. nr. 24th and Church. Mission
st. cars transfer 22d— 2 sunny unfurnished
rooms to rent; $5 month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 P. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st. .-
nOOMS TO LET— Furn. anil rnfnrn.
A— BRUNSTVICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night: SI 3 to X per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush st. ad-
Jolnlng the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator .and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden* Gate
aye. corner: well furn.: rms. St offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
CONVERSE. 53. off Bryant, near Eighth— Four
rooms to let; rent $8.
EDDY. 305— Pleasant sunny rooms at reasonable
terms ; call and examine. -*.
ROOMS TO LET — Fan. ___ Cnfnrn.
FELL. 119.' near Van Ness aye.— One larg*
front room; nicely furnished; gentleman.
FOLSOM. 963. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport Housa)— Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run, water; gaa; $1 25 to $3 50.
FULTON, tit ard SIS. corner Van Ness ava.— •
Sunny side: 4 rooms or t or 3 rooms; gas.
GEARY. 405 "(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed roorrx. «n suite or single. MKS. H. HYER.
HAIGHT." ICO — Elesantly furnished sunny
ruonis single or en suite.
HANCOCK~ House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rocminit house: $1 t.O to $5 per week.
HICKORY avc. 131. near G^ugh— s3; 8 large
sunny furnished rooms.
HOWARD. S29— Clean, respectable: 25c-$l per
Bight; Si-Si per week: Howard cars to door.
HOWARD. 1913 — Two unfurnished front rooms,
with flrepiace. for light housekeeping: alsa 1
single furnished room to let.
JESSIE. 475. near Sixth— 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LARKIN, olft-Small furnished sunny front
room; private; American family; bath; cheap.
MINNA, M 7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient
MISSION. 1005— Neat furnished room, ia private
family: J."..
MISSION. 2084— Single furnished room, suitable
for lady or gentleman: use of kitchen.
NATOMA. lOCS, near 11th— $10; t sunny unfur-
nished rooms; yard, cellar.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elerator; electric lights; day. wit., mo.
PACIFIC 1426 U. near Larkln— Large front
sunny roera; rent reasonable.
POLK. 522— Furnished or unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
ROYAL House. 12S Ellis st— lncandescent light
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per n!rht. 35c to Jl M: week, $3 to
$?: month. $3 to $30; elevator on offle» floor:
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 - 321 Ellis st.— Room*
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SAN CARLOS aye., 3S— Nicely furnished larg*
room, suitable for lady or gentleman^
6COTT. 1315— -A cheap room for rentl»me_,
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth »_.
near Market— Furnished and nnfnrnished.
BUTTER. 12MU. near Polk— Furnished sunny
front room or suite for 1 or 2 gentlemen; cen-
tral: private; bath; telephone: ring top bell.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming hous»
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VALENCIA. 1232— Tw0 nicely furnished rooms
for light housekeeping: gaa and bath: no chil-
dren.
' WEBSTER, 1410- Neatly furnished sunny front
room; hot and cold running water; bath; pri-
vate family; call between 11 and 4 or 7 and 9.
WILLOW aye.. 450— Front single or doabl.
furnished rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has be^n established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-«-econ'.l and Ken-
{ tutky sts.: open until 9p. m.
j A LSRANCH office for the reception of a_t»r-
J tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH olflre for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
I«-r-rla ft.
nOOIZS WASTED.
VICINITY of Larkspur, etc.: young cousle; t
rooms; light houpekeeplnc; 3 to 8 months.
Box 2«14. Call office.
GENT wants room; private Protestant family?
breakfast and dinner; state terms. Box 4_B»
Call office.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
WANTED known— Mß. LEW 11. RCHARER,
late of 22 Mason st.. has removed to Call
building, tenth floor, where h» will cntlnua
to give bargains In watchrs. diamonds, Jew-
[ elry. silverware, firearms and cpttral goods;
cash nr time payments. Office hours — 10 to 3.
LADlES— Chlchester' s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe. re!labl»; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city rr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION COl.
415 Montgomery st. rooms >-M: tel. 5523.
ROOMS papered, from $3: whitenei. $1 up.
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. Sl9 Third.
SEWIXG MACHIAES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine sup-
plies. Standard Asency.l4s Bth: rhens Mint 4*.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ra-
ps I rti^atlow^sti-afes^*ls_Fourth_t
STORAGE AND WAnEHOI'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 1713.
TO I.KASE.
TO lease— Ke;ii!—orth Inn; romantically situat-
ed in Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from San
Francisco; completely furnished: 40 rooms;
steam and hot water baths: electric lights;
hr-afrs throughout: elevators, etc.: rent low.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 826 Market st
TO lease — Fine oil land in oil district; none but
men of means need apply: one eighth royalty
asked. Answer box 00. Call.
DIVIDEND XOTICE3.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 78 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at th»
off.cc of the company. No. _7 Market st.. on
and aft»r Tuesday. Feb. 20. 1300. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday. Feb. li. 1900w
at S o'clock p. m.
E. It SHELDON. Secretary.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
11250 — NEW; C large rooms and bathj lot *7_
135: $100 cash, balance $20 per month. W. C.
MORAN.
$SoO— JIOO CASH, balance $15 per month, will bay
a cottaxe of 5 rooms and bath; all sewered j
gold for $1100. W. C. MORAN.
$Ss<v-COUNER lot 40x100 and a 4-room cottar*-
s,'o cstsh, balance $10 per month. W. C. MO»
RAN.
$400-.- ROOM house; lot s>>xl3s; all fenced and
sewered: chicken-house; lot cheap at $600; aa
estat" must be settled. W. C. MORAN.
$1300— SEE this place; 5 lanre rooms-, bay win-
dow, mantel, high basement: chlcken-hous*
and barn: flne truit trees; (200 cash, balaac*
*13 per month. W. C. MORAN.
$3000— NEW 8-room cottage near university an 4
2 blocks to train «nd on electro read; $300
cash, balance same as rent W. C. MORAN,
Lorln Station. Berkeley.
jisoo— JUST finishing: an elegant, latest style.
modern cottare. •> rooms; large hall; porce-
lain bath; tiled sink; tinted walls; lot *>xl»;
on fine finished street: 1 block to electrta
cars: close to station, schools, churches,
stores, etc.; easy terms. 11. D. IRWIN.
J375—A SNAP; lock at this bargain; lot 40x130:
street work done; fine lot within 1 block 01
Ashby station: Just the place to build on.
H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin Station.
YOU can n»>ver buy choice property In beauti-
ful Berkeley cheaper than to-day; near th*
university; fin» modern house of 9 rooms: all
the 'latest improvements: only 1 block from
electric cars: street work all done.
MASON (l McLKNATHEN.
Real Estate.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
THE best corner lot south of University of
California, with elegant modern 9-room housa.
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
~ ALL NEW AND MODERN. '
$17C0— € rooms and bath; near cars.
$2'.f0 — S rooms and bath; street paved.
i "C.'.'V- 7 rooms and bath; corner lot: pavstt
street.
$•£00— 8 rooms and bath: ln the beautiful Scenlo
Park: adjoining the college grounds: a bargain.
$3800— Pretty 7-room home; Just the place foi
you.
$45C9— A lovely home of 9 rooms, etc.; payed
street.
$3000—9 rooz-9 and bath; sttuattd high and
sightly.
AH these are up-to-date.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley Station.
NEAT cottage. 5 large rooms: with pantry,
folding doors, mantel, hot and cold water;
flne well water: brick foundation: bay win-
dow; wash trays, windmill and tank; lot 49
¦ x 125; price $1500; $100 cash, balance $15 month-
ly: take Berkeley train, get off at Lortn Sta-
tion, ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS. ofScs
open Sundays.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call r«^
moved to 1113 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscrlDtlons received.
BARGAIN — 8 rmr». : modern: near ears, trains f
easy terms. ABRAHAMSON. 1U Laurel aye..
Oakland; open Sundays Z to 4.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
1G pages. In wrapper, far malting. $1 per year.
For Additional Classified Advert—a-
menta See Page T__ty\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
291002 Broadway,
Oakland
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Klannagan * Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKR3,
. 19 Fifth «t., i opposite Lincoln School,
,-'• - - Ttlephoot Bouth 80, -—^u»
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edward Stephens to Andrew and Mathilda
Anderson, lot on E line of Cook street. 150 S
of Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Jules A. Simon. Lan<e's Law and Collection
ARervcy (by H. M. Covert, commissioner) to
California Title Insurance and Trust Company,
lot on S line of Pine rtreet, 95 W of Buchanan,
W 42:0 by S 137 :«: $7437.
Wilford H. Williams to Savage Estate Com
pany (corporation) lot on £• line of Oak street,
120 Wof Lyon, E 0:l ? i by S 105; $10.
Savage Estate Company (corporation) to
Gcorsre E. Becker, same; also lot on S line of
Oak street, 120 W of Lvon W 32:1 by S 110;
*4250: ' '
l J auline and Charles Leonhardt to Dllio and
and Richard M. Leonhardt. Amelia Clarkson
and Matilda Hotgp, lot on S line of Golden
Gate avenue, 37:6 \V of Lyon street. W 25 by
S_ ICO. reserving life estate; gift.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Fred
A. Greenwood, lot on N line of Jackson street,
150 Eof Maple. ESOby N 165; $10. •
Marie Whys (widow) to Rose and Delta Me-
Nally, lot on SK line of Bowie avenue, 92:6
NE of Eleventh street. NE 22:6 by SE 70; $10.
Elizabeth J. Glynn to Mary G. Welsh, lot on
E line of Folsom street, ISS S of Twenty-sec
ond. S 30 by E 112:6: gift.
Hannah A. Loomis to Mary Ilawley (trustee
E. H. Loomis), lot on W Hue of Bryant avenue,
157:6 S of Twenty-fifth street, S 47:6 by W 100,
trust deed: t .
Eliza C. Herbert (Comerford. and as execu
trix of estate of Joseph M. Comerford) and
Frank Herbert to James D. and Emily M. Bed
good, lot on E- line of Castro street, 64 S of
Clipper, S 25 by E 80; $2073.
Daniel and Jeanette Roth to Leon Blum, un
divided hnlf Interest In lot on N line of Sacra
mento street, 275 E of Drumm, E CO by N 119:6;
$10.
John nnd Hannah Leary to Helen Durnln
(widow) and John E. Durnln, lot on NW line
of Clementina street. 225 SW of Eighth. SW 25
x 7. r >; $10.
William and Mary A. Hyland (by Ferdinand
Rels Jr. and William S. Pardy, trustees) to Pa
cific States Savings, Loan and Building Com,
pany, 1769 d. 179, lot on SW corner of Yclo and
lov.-a streets. S 25 by W 100. trustees' deed; $SOO.
Myra A., Frank M., Jennie B. and Geonje D.
Greenwood to Frpd A. Greenwood, lot on E line
of Third avenue, 300 S of Lake street. S 25 by E
120; JlO.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to same,
lot en W line of Fourth avenue, 150 S of Lake
street, S 50 by W 120; also lot on E line of Fifth
avenue, 175 S of Lake street, S 50 by E 120; $10.
Same to Jennie B. Greenwood, lot on E line
of Fifth avenue, 125 N of California street. N
75 by E 120: also lot on NE corner of Jackson
and Maple streets, E 80, N 155. SW 50, S 150:
also lot on N line nf California street, 57:9^4 E
of Fifth avenue, E DO, N S3:IIU. W 50, S 88:1114;
$10.
Myra A.. Frank M.. George D. and Fred A.
Greenwood to same, lot on NE corner of Clem
ent street and Second avenue, N 25 by E 82:6;
$10.
Minnie and George W. Root to T. Le Huguet
and George M. Lnwton. -lot on N line of Clem
ent street, 67:6 W of Fifth avenue, W 23 by N
1(0; t.=>.
B. F. Wigglnton to Joseph M. Fletcher, lot
on W line of Fourteenth avenue, 120 S of A
street. S 48 by W 127:6; $10.
Henry and Helena Tlenken to Pacific States
Savings, Loan nnd Building Company, lots IS
to 20. 33 to 33. Julius Franklin subdivision, block
46, Excelsior Homestead Association; $1000.
Gaudenzlo and Magjfie Buzzlnl to name, lot
on SW line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 225 NW of
X street, NW 75 by SW 200. block 61, Paul
Tract, quitclaim deed; $3SO.
John Vauthiers. formerly Jean Bouysson, to
Pierre Chanquet, lot 33, block 35, Sunnyslde; $10.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Mary and
John Jacobson, lot on N line of Fifteenth ave
nue South. 75 SE of L street South, SE 50 by
NE 100: $10.
Daniel and Jcannette Roth to Leon Blum,
undivided one-fourth of lot on SW line of St.
Thomas street. 150 SE of Platte, SE 50 by SW
100, portion of lot 156, block^ 9S. Central Park
Homestead Association; JlO.
George W. KleHer to Maude H. Kleiser, lots
41 and 42. block IS, I*ke View Tract; $10.
Bridget Hannon f Lydon) (wife of O.) to John
Lydoh. lot on \E line of California avenue.
2 S of Arm>' street. SE 54. SW 19:6. E 64:3, N
75, W 70:4. Preeltn Valley Lands; $10.
.Herry F. J. end Clara H. Blanchet to il.
Ballm. lots 2s, 29. 32 and 33. block 5. lots 11
and. 15. block 6. lots 6. 7. 10 and 11, block 7,
Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
Alameda County,
William F. and Kffle L. Kroll to John H.
McKeen, lot on E line of. Union street. 304 :$\i
N of West Eichth, N 30 by E 133:3, block 648,
Oakland; $H».
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee to 11. P. Henrlch
sen. lot on N line of West Twelfth street. 101
W of Klrkham. W 26 by N 110. being the E 26
feet of lot 40. on map of Center-street Home
Lota at Oakland Point. Oakland: $10.
O. W. and Rose Nordwell. C. 11. and Ellen
C. Rchnstrom to George Sterling. lot on N line
of Fortieth street, ."38 E of Grove, E 32 by N
110, being lot 23, map of redlvlslon of the Mont
gomery Tract; Oakland (subject to a mortgage
for *350) : %:,.
William H. and Bessie K. Taylor to George
E. Pratt, lot on N lln«» of Forty-second street.
M.32 X of Crove. >; 10J.23. R ISO. S to N line
of Forty-eecond; W ISO to boginnlng. being lots
9« to 101, Montgomery Tract, map 2. Oakland;
$10.
Almerine B. Sarprnt to Joseph A. Benton lot
on S line of Hawthorne avenue, 372.65 W of
Webster street. W and SW. following the curve
of Hawthorne avpnue 258.77 to S boundary of
lot 17. Biiena Vista Homestead, thence E ISL.
N 170 to beelnninc. beinK n portion of lot 17,
Buena Vista Homestead. Oakland: $3.
Susan G. Chamberlain to Loretta .W. Lam
bert, portion of lot 31, in plat 31. Mountain
¦View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $100.
Elizabeth Davidson to the County of Ala
meda. a strip of land 5 feet wide, the center
line of which strip of land Is described as fol
lows: Beginning at a point on the SE line
of Central avenue, NE 3 feet distant from line
dividing lots 6 and 7, Klnirsland Tract, thence
SK 320.60 to NW end of Harmon avenue, Brook
lyn Township (to be used for a culvert thereon);
grant.
Charles G. Powell to H. A. Spencer, lot on S
line of Railroad avenue, 40S W of Walnut
street, W 42 by S 207:6, being the W 42 feet
of lot IS, block 23, lands adjacent to Enctnal,
Alameda; $10.
Bank of Llvermore to D. P. and J. E. Cal
vin, undivided half interest In lot 10. block 19,
of northern addition to town of Livermore,
Murray Township: $300.
Louisa T. and William C. Greenleaf to Anton
Chrlstensen, lot on NE corner of Elizabeth
street and San Pablo avenue. E 125 by N 23.
belm? lot 32 on map of Potter Tract, Oakland;
$325.
Eugene A. Mantell or Mantel (by Sarah Man
tell attorney) to J. E. Dwyer. all Interest In
, in Parsons' Golden Gate Tract, Oakland;
$5.
Benjamin Jr. and Elizabeth B. Bangs to
Stephen T. Gage, lot on E lino x>f Piedmont
way. 100.78 S of Bancroft. S 60.03, E 161.93, N
50, W 160.55 to beginning, helng lot 7 on map of
Benton property, Berkeley; $1700.
T. B. Berry to same, lot on E line of Pied
mont way, 150.51 S of Bancroft. S 50.02. E3 180. IS.
N EO. W 161.93 to beginning, being lot 6, same;
$1750.
Harriet Frances Stevens to Samuel C. Blge
low et al.. lot on S line of Durant avenue. ICO
E of Bowdltch street. E 100 by S 130, being
subdivisions I and J on map of subdivisions of
lots 1 and 2. lot 9. College Homestead. Berke
ley; also property in San Mateo County (this
deed Is Riven on condition that said grantees
pay to Grantor Harriet F. Stevens $20 per
month during her life and after her death a
like sum of J2O to John M. Stevens); $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to John Ruscelll
lot 11. block X, on map of Andrew Jones' sub
division of Brooklyn Township: $10.
Charles and Carrie Goos to Fred W. Ray. lot
beginning at a point ICO E from E line of St.
Charles street and 287:6 from S line of San
Antonio avenue, S 67:8 by E 50, being a portion
of Fitch & Sharon Tract, Alameda; $10.
Otto Schafer to Eda Schafer. lot on W line
of Benton street 254.33 S of Pacific avenue, W
150, N 29.33, E 150, S 29.33 to beginning, Ala
meda; $100.
Builders' Contracts,
A. Aronson (owner). with M. Levy contractor,
architects Hemenway tc Miller, roughing In and
connecting fixtures .for each story for a con
crete, brick and frame flve-itory and basement
bulldlnc. on' S line of Post street, 70:8 Q of
Jones. S6O by. .W. 70:8; |572 V , ..,: .._ .
BAY AND RIVEE STEAMEB&
FOB U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
«™ J? teamer "Montlceno."
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA IST ID
From Ssear-ftreet Wharf at 13 a, m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berlii
I MllL $8 Second Class and ilealx
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. ». 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails .
Feb. !2, March 4. 14, It
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In th« Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agtat
CdMartotat.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINH.
KXW TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LOffDOX. ?J3X&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a, in.
St. Louis Feb. 21 [St. Paul March U
Frlesland Feb. 2» Kensington ..March Jl
New York ....March 7|New York ....March 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 11 noes,
Noordiand Feb. 21 Westemland .March 14
Frlesland Feb. 2S Kensington ..March Xt
Southwark ...March 7 Noordiand ...March 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight ar.A
passase apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
80 Montgomery »t., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAOT. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
¦^-^ nsr 01 rim aou orennin streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKAHAMA and HOXGKOXO, calling at
Kobe (Hioso), N'aitasakt and Shanghai. an-i
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
Ir.dla. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARL* Wednesday. March 7
HONGKOXCJ MARU Saturday. March SI
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April U
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pas«agi» apply at company** offlc*.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ffS^rHiilJ&'tfiSSsi lalls vla Honolulu anl
Ky ,y>» yW *» — »— Auckland, tor Sydney
H 'CjjJt' «« —^^ Wednesday. Feb. 21.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii
Famoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suex!
England, etc: WlO first class. *
v D. si-heckELS i anus. CO.. Ants.. 114 Montaomen
Pt«r 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Oftce.323 JESetSZ
COMFAOKIE GEHSRALE TXASBATLASTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI9
FaUinx every Thursday instead of <^TP^T^
Saturday, from November 2. 1599 at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River foot "nf
Morton St.: LA OASCOCXE. Feb 22- LA TOf
RAISE. March 1: LA BRETAGNE March V
LAQUITAINE. March t>. Flrtt class tj
Havre $60 and ward: 5 per cent : wduct"n on
round trip. Second class to Havre $43- X -«
cent reduction en round trip Oeverai
AGENCY FOR UNITED STVTE3 I ano
CANADA. 32 Broadway (HudsorT bulM^n-?
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A co Pa°"flc
Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. San Fran-
SPECULATORS ATTENTION!!!
t:7 Tcr Foot. *17 Per Foot.
Fire hundred f»et of frontage; finest build-
ing lots in Oakland; high ground; elegant
view; all Ftrwt .work done; three corner* ;
c?ore to schools: electric cars paes the prop-
erty; ch^sp at $40 per foot.
MUST BC SOLD AT ONCE.
•WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
K3 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
V2o*. WORTH IJOOO.
House. 7 rooms; bath: with all modern con-
venience* ; fine location and neighborhood;
large lot: driveway, runny: cloee to car*
schools, etc; the best bargain offered this
year. J. 8. MYERS.
1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
$:r«— COTTAGE: c rooms; stable, clilrken"
house, etc.; large lot, 140x1i5. with 47 fruit
trees in beating; well located and a snap
ALDEN & CO.. IKS Broadway.
J7TO— LODGING-HOUSE: 40 rooms: beat bar-
gaJn In Oakland; former price 12000; mort-
rage of $XOO paid off; must «e.!l In 2 or 3
days or be withdrawn. ALDEN CO.. 1118
Broadway.
ST7ifh- NKVT 7-room 2-story residence and good
corner lot; Berkeley; near cars and station;
installments. ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real wtate at ~\i per cent;
also on furniture, piano*, etc., at 1 to 3 per
rent monthly. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
UM— CHOICE lot; 100x125 feet; convenient to
local trains; term* to cult. H. W. DAVIS,
ecle vest, £05 Broadway, room 9. ¦ . .^
DIED.
Ahrens, Henry W. Knight. James H.
Alexander. Theodore Klncald. Mr«. Isa-
AnnstronK. John A. Bella
Burns. Mao' Lausten, Hans
Uertola, Antonio McMenomy, Charles
Cannavan. Be«sle McFadden. Xhos. H.
Golen. Bertha Mellody. Thomas H.
CasMdy, James P. O'Connor, Rev. Cor-
Cowen, Louis nellus
Davis, Mary A. O'Connell, Thomas
Dellow, Mary F. Pepperman, Peter J.
Eisenzopf, Gertrude Schoenfelder. Wai-
Field. Arthur H. burga
Goßland. William T. Rernau. William D.
Gilllck. Anne Shaw. Stephen W.
Gmniest. Friederlcke Sullivan. Samuel
GedtU-s. Samuel Widman.. John H.
Heany, Mary A. Warren. Elizabeth A.
Hr.tallng Anson P. Wagner, Anton P.
Haub, Conrad Williams. Annie
AHRENS— In this city. February 15. 1900.
Henry W.. beloved son of Anna M. and the
late Martin Ahrens, and brother of John
Ahrens. a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
20 years 9 months and 21 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Pest street, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Hannovernner
Vereln. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1127 Mission street..
ALEXANDER— In San Leandro, February 15,
10CO. Theodore Alexander, beloved husband of
the late Delohlne Alexander, father of-Er-
•nest, Louis and Isadora Alexander and Mrs.
A. Wetlhelmer of Fresno, and brother of Mrs.
F. Israel, a native of Paris.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlor* of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery. >;¦-;
ARMSTRONG— In this city, February 17. 1900,
John A., beloved husband of Austista Arm-
strong-, father of Alfred Armstrong, and
brother of Charles F., Gustav and Annett
Armstrong, Mrs. C. Peterson and Mn. C.
Anderson, a native of Oland. Sweden, aged
40 years 8 months and 8 days.
I^7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1117 Hampshire street, thence to First
Swedish Methodist Episcopal Church. Howard
street, between Eighth and Ninth, where
services will commence at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
OFFICERS and members of the Scandinavian
Society— You are hereby notified to attend tha
funeral of our late member, John A. Arm-
strong, to-morrow (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock,
from the First Swedish Methodist Episcopal
Church, Howard street, between Eighth and
Ninth. By order of
CARL A. HAOSTROM. Pres.
C. A. ANDERSON. Seo.
BTJRNS — An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated to-morrow (Monday), at Bt. Agnes
Church, for the repose of the soul of the late
Mary Burns, commenclns at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
BERTOL.A— In Alameda. Cal., February 16.
1900. Antonio, dearly beloved father of John
V., Mariana, Dominica C. and Antoney J.
Bertola, a native of Italy, aged 70 years and
2 months.
CANNAVAN— In this city, February 17, 1900.
at her residence, 636V4 Jessie street. Bessie,
beloved wife pf the late John Cannavan. and
mother of th» late Mr». Abbie Sullivan and
Henry Cannavan. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 74 3-ears.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
COLEN— In this city. February 16, 1900. Ber-
tha Colen. beloved wife. of. Frank Colen. .and
beloved niece of Joseph. John. Fred. Frank.
Katie and Grade. Bouquet and Mrs. Lizzie
Downer, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years 11 months and 7 days.
E?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J.. S. uodeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
CASSIDY— KiIIed at San Pedro Macatl, p i
February 21. 1599. James P.. beloved son of
B. F. Cassldy. brother of Frank H.. George
11.. Emma and Mollle Cassldy, and nephew of
L. B. Werler. a native of. < Idaho, aged 28
years. .
(E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
OAKLAM) HEAL ESTATE.
"iIIST SALE OF THE SEASON.
WILLIAM J. bnCGEE.
&03 Broadway, Or.klar.d;
M'.^k Building. ißoom 16. Second Floor). Sa
Francisco,
Special Credit Sale cf Real Estate
AT AUCTION!
at auction !
at auction:
at auction!
rfCRDAT. MAJICH 3. 1H». AT ! P. M.
At i-£-esroom. &03 Broadway. Oakland.
A Washlnirton-st. Business Comer— ~x7s;
first-class location for manufacturer or whole-
MLler; one-third cash, balance on mortgage to
bank at 8 per cect.
Twelfth -avemu* Cottage — Choice cottage on
Twelfth tve., between East Fifteenth and But
Fifteenth Us.; lot 31:2x100; < rooms and bath;
terms to tult; back eale.
Tenth-aye, Lot— ToxlOO; East Tenth aye.. 75
feet south of Eairt Sixteenth Bt.. opposite
Franklin School; bar.k mortgage ISSO at S per
Twelfth -aye. !>->t — STI'J square feet; equal In
•rpa to *ev«^-sj lots: west «lde of Twelfth aye.,
north of East Twer.ty-fourth St.: street work
ail done; a rare chance; terms easy.
Thlrty-tfclrd-st. lot— 55x100; north side of
Thirty -third st., JC7 feet west of Grove: street
work all dor.c; eaay tern;; one-third cash.
Th!rtv-third-et Lots. ) Six cholc« lots: 40
We*t-st. Lots. to 60 feet frontage in
Maxket-st. Lots. .block facing Thlrtv-
thlrd Bt., Market st. and 'West St.; street work
all done; one-third c&sh, balance In 12 or IS
TV>*t and Twenty-second st. Comer — 60x100;
mrth»*j=t corner West and Twenty-second *ts. :
«tr*>et work all done; one-third cash, one-third
In 12 or JS montfcs.
PeraJta-et. Cottage — No. 1261 Peralta Bt., near
Flrteer.th; 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; first-
class ordrr: must be cold; terms can be ar-
ran~ed to 6Ult.
Piedmont Ixits— Four choice lots on Oakland
ive.. corner of Morrison plare; e'lrroonded by
fine home*; 4'>xl r ">; terms il'V) caEh down per
lot. balance In 12 and IS months.
Fru!tva> Lot— l?)xl!5; northeast corner of
Heowood aye., about to be macadamized at ex-
panse of county; fine for suburban residence or
More; eale peremptory; terms ore-third cash,
balance In 12 acd 18 months.
East Fourteenth St. — Corner of Fourteenth
aye. or Commerce: ha» a fine future; 65 feet
frontage on rraln thoroughfare; rale peremp-
tory; one-thlrC ca?h, balance I'j months.
Remember the Day of Sale
SATURDAY. MARCH *D, AT 2 O'CLOCK
p. m., at Salesroom. Carrlaxes at office to
show prcrertles.
For catalogue acd further particulars apply
to
WTLLIAM J. DINGEE.
S>o3 Broadway. Oakland;
Room 16, Second Floor. Mills Building. San
Francisco.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Samuel D. Nichols, 32. San Luis Oblspo, and
Katie J. Muller. 22. San Luis Oblspo.
James C. McLauehlin. 30, Vallejo, and Mar-
guerite Campbell, 25. city.
LHrry William.". 3S. $15 Stockton street, and
Mamie Payton. 20. 139 Clara street.
Peter Rogalski, 27, 119 Jones etreet. and Helen
Lazawa, IS. 421 Natoma street.
Ferdinand Kasten, 27. 650 Ash avenue, and
Anna B. Kuhn. 22, 1207 Vi Scott street.
John J. Rlordan, 25, 11 Powell avenue, and
Mary E. Guerin. 11. 437V4 Harriet street.
Dcnlel Reean. 69, 2?0 Clara street, and Mar-
garet Crothers. 45, 290 Clara street.
Charles O. Whltehair 3?. 617 Third street,
and Delia Crane, 39, 45 Lanston street.
John F. Gibson, 23, city, and Charlotte
W"lls, 20, c'.ty.
Axel A. Malmbertr, 44. 141S Howard street,
and Christine Grandal. SS. Santa Clara.
Edwin Robblns, 21. SO2 Van Ness avenue, and
Maude Miller. IS, SO4 Van Ness avenue.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G W Ross. Portland F H Botsford. Cn!eag9
B J Phillips. Cal D H Barr, Sacto
E E Coatz, Veedersbrg A Milliken & w, S Mat
J McDonnell. Menio P J P Davenport. L A
F H Patterson. S Juan J Harlan. Sacto
A H Martin. Cal W D Morrison, 8n Jom
A R Alken, Decoto J J Cunningham & wf,
E Whipple. D»coto Vallejo
T Pelkey. Novato O F Atwood, Stockton
C Eoyllng. Novato F Treskow. Crockett
A T D Redford. Cal A J Bowen. Los Anjr
J Grover, Colusa D A Crowell. Chlcaga
Mrs B A Kolp, Lodl F Shaw, Cal
A E Earrett. Taeoma JL de Paul!. Kera
W W Eddy, VancouTer * H B Wallace, Caleo
D Faun. Vancouver 111 F Brown & f. Mlna
J Lewis, Cal Mrs J Bonell. Wash
H O Church. Chicago |Mrs R Malcom, Palo A
E E Mueller. Los Any F H Farrar. Merced
B H Vincent, Cal Miss R Moody, Waih
C B Shaver. Fresno Mrs R Edwards. Port!
J C Nourse. Coallnga i Miss EEI wards Port!
W A Stephens & w.CaliMrs M Currier, Flint
C A Storke. Snta Barb Geo II Ready & wif*.
A Fay. Bakersfield Santa Crua
J B Menaser. Los An* W P Porterfleld. N D
G J Owens, Cal D H Miller. Cnlcaso
J Morane, Chicago
PAI.ACE HOTEL.
J C Rhulte, NT J 8 Adama. Teraj
L P Smith. NT C B fchaver. KTe«3»
H A Cohen. N T Mrs J A L*-ahy. N M
A C Luck, Nevada F W Wood. Daytoa
J Duncan. Chicago A B Becker. Denirsr
R V Ellis. Hanford F M Slsn'.n. Aria
W H Murphy. S U R H Patterson. Mfcra
B N Johnson. Boston J A Rlordan &. w. Mo
J W Burtell. Boston E Hartxell &w, N T
C W Thompson. Cal H F Godfrey. N T
W Burrage Aw. N M.C X Foster. Chicago
G C French & w. NTIJ Franklin. ?! T
A E Macartney. Minn W H Thornton, If T
W Carson. lowa C H Blndgett. N T
E H Cox. Madera G P-ayha. Cologne
S H Babcocli. Sl* IR Fernald. Stanford
G Burt & v.-. N T iJ E Dogherty, Seattle
H P Burt. NT Mrs J Sparlts. Reao
M Johnson. U S N I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Hackett. San Jps- Mrs M R MaeKeag.Cal
A Leversen &w, Cal L F Whiting, Crockett
P Martin San Diego C N Hartsough, Fresno
D Lewis &f. Seattle I W J Williams. Cal
N Lewis. Seattle | E T Carries & f. Mo
Mrs Lewi?. Seattle !J E Corel! £ w. lowa
L B Fish &w. Minn IG f'crpll. lowa
Mrs O McClure. Nebr I A B Howell &w, Chleo
C H Relnke. Minn
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAAD REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
•tAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
i 'AX LAND KKAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"•AKUAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"IAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
DAK LAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"A X LAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
GENERAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS
GENERAL HEAL ESTATE AGENTS
GENERAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS
GENERAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS
GENERAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS
GENERAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS
GENERAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS
Office and Salesroom, 460 and 462 Eighth street.
Oakland. Telephone Main 325.
A CHOICE LIST OF REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST OF REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST OF REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST OF REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST OF REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
$180.000— Finest property Investment In Oak-
land- last of a fine estate.
$125.000— Corner block; raying 6 per cent.
$100.000— A bargain; fine Broadway corner;
well improved; good Income; an estate..
$55.000 — Fine brick block; excellent buy.
J3s.CoO— Modern brick block; well located;
leased at kooU rental.
$25.000— We1l improved; centrally located cor-
ner; good Income; very profitable.
$I"..ooo— Business block; rents $1500 per annum.
$3CflO— Corner on Clay st. ; rents $32 per month.
f 2s.ooo— Business lot; 70x100; a great bargain;
undoubtedly choicest buy in Oakland.
$6^oo— Business lot; 40 feet; near Washington.
J6.-.oo— San Pablo aye.; close in: once $12,000.
$3000 — Business corner; $5009 refused; an es-
tate: offer wanted.
$50 a foot— Home lot; Webster and Durant
streets.
j::oo— Corner Twelfth and Adeline sts.; S3 feet.
$55 foot— Corner on Tenth, 45x100, between
Adeline and Market.
$.'O foct— Tenth; 4ixl00; between Adeline and
Market.
$45 foct— Tenth; 30 feet; between Adeline and
Market.
$40 fort— Adeline; choice selection; bargains.
$35 foot— 23 or T" feet; Et«lith street, near
Oak-st. station; estate; must sell; a big bar-
gafn: offer wanted.
$16<X>— Choice let north side of Twenty-first
ft.: 40xlC0; between Grove st. and Telegraph
aye.
$37 50 foot— Make offer: any portion of 115
feet; Twenty-third St., near Telegraph aye.;
elegant lots.
jl^w k _Thirty-seventh st.. near Market; 12Cx
100; VrtirEain.
$75.1— Snap; Sixiw*; Fifth aye.. Clinton station.
$700— Snaj>; Berkeley; 100x135; an estate.
$275— Te'.epraph aye. and Forty-second St.; 50-
fc.'-'t lots: nnly two left.
J2SO and $270— Herzoji Tract, Golden Gate sta-
tion; 40-foot lots; send for maps.
ACREAGE.
$270<» — Three acres; Frultvali?: ."-room house;
JfXj chickens, cow, wagon. far:rin^r implements;
land In fruit; going to sell: make offer.
$000 per acre: near San Lennlro; opposite sta-
tion; all In fruit; formerly $10 : <0 per acre; clos-
ing estate; a, 10 or 20 acres; al*o 60 acres plain
land, finest In the country, at $275 per acre;
only one-fifth cash.
A snap— ls to 20 acres fronting San Leandro
electric road: a town-lot proi>ositlon. yet the
soil will produce to pay interest on Investment;
price reduced to I^oo per acre; refused 51000 per
acre; Immediate sale wanted: adjoining prop-
erty in lots and well improved.
RESIDENCES.
i3Z,Qf<n — An Oakland home; Oakland mansion:
cost 168.000: surroundings excellent; elevated
location; bank sale.
UsofiO— <"oFt 127.W*; horn«; corner; centra.! lo-
cation; grand view; closing estate.
$16.D l Xf— Tlie finest and most elaborately fin-
ished home in central East Oakland: corner lot;
premises new and thoroughly modern; beautiful
location.
$13,500 — Very elaborately finished 12-room
home; choicest centra.l location In Oakland.
$&f"0»— Magnificent Uothio style home; 11
rooms; cost to construct $10,000; central loca-
tion; lot RCxirO.
Special bars:2ln-Llr,<sa ViFta Terrace: fine 9-
room residence, tasa than 1 year old; specially
constructed; every home appointment; let 95x
1(0; mortgage JOOdO can remain: cash or trade
offer *3nt<*d for equity; will sacrifice new car-
rets co*tine over JSOO a few months ago; get
particulars at once; immediate dii>pofal wanted.
ICsoQ— Cost tfXKf'; Lakeside district: modern
home; 9 rocms; plate glass; furnace; ba.rsa.in.
IliCO— Fine corner hom<»; S rocms; just com-
pleted; 7 blocks of Fourteenth and Broadway:
latest style; contractor has mortgage $3r>oo;3 r >00; must
sell It; a bargain; eary terms.
J3isO— Eaf.t Oakland: fine 2-story home; 10
rooms; corner lot; !>ixl4!); barn; due bank J16*.0;
best offer over mortgage takes It: a sacrifice,
first-class order; appraised at $5000; near sta-
tion.
$3250— Near Tenth and FlKiert ets.; modern 6-
room Colonial home; oo?t over $4500; porcelain
bath, gas and mantel; offer wanted; must s»!t.
fyn.fh— Near Telesraoh aye.; choice location:
modern 2-Ftory home; S rooms: barn; large lot,
2JX170; mortgage J22f<i; bargain.
J3ooo— tUiO cash; near Fourteenth and Franklin
Ets.; Just finished; Colonial; 7 rooms; right In
town; call Et once, and pee this.
J3OO0 — East Oakland: S-room home: corner; 163
xl 4"; u:>prais?d at X.GOO; an estate; at a sacri-
fice; see this; make offer.
ICTo 1 )— A bargain; new Colonial; G rooms; near
Fourteenth and Market sts.; owner going away.
'JISC" I—Sacrifice;1 — Sacrifice; elegant modern cottage; S
rooms; Ixrin f-tHtion. Berkeley: best olTer takes
It: ••ost $4000 two years ago; every modern con-
venience; perfect home: 50x130; male! offer.
I2&O— SZSt catfh. $20 month; Center station;
new; never occupied; 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
$2j00— J250 cash; near Senator Perkins; new
Colonial: 6 rooms; bank Rale.
IlSOo— Snap: near Telegraph aye.: large mod-
ern cottage: R rooms: cottage would cost $2000
to build: !ot rWxI2Q; must sell.
$1650 — Mortgage $1250; Piedmont: 80x140; t-
rof>r/i oottaee: stable: best offer takes It.
$IC.".C— Bargain; comfortable I-story nous's; 7
rooms; brick foundation; lot 100x110; near Thlr-
ty-tetund st and Telegraph aye.; easy terms;
borrow haiance.
$1250— Convenient to Broadway station; (-room
cottage, with driveway; bargain.
t'JOO— Mortgage $600; neat cottage; 4 rooms:
corner lot. 29x100; owner must sell.
$1000 and $?50 each— sloo each, $10 per month;
n«-at. 4-room cottages; near local trains In East
Oakland; we are authorized to eel! by the bank.
EXCHANGES.
Pan Francisco properties for Oakland.
Oakland properties for Ban Francisco.
Call or write us for what you want. In-
formation cheerfully given. ¦ \.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Offices. 4CO and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND RRAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Mai-le Wagner, -a native of ' Alsace, aged 62
years and 13 days. A member of Pacific Lodge
No. 155, I. O. O. F.; Fidelity Lodge No. 136,
A. O. U. W.; American Council No. 7, Chosen
Friends; Myrtle Lodge, K. of P.; Court Jus-
tice No. 16, F. of A., and Butchers' Board of
Trado.,
J CyFriends and ¦ acaualntances are respect-
fully; invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1249 California street, near Leaven-
worth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COURT Justice No. 16. F. of A.— The officers
and members of Court Justice No. 16, F. of
A., are hereby requested to assemble at 1249
California street, this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother.' Anton Phillip Waener. By order
EDWARD C. BREHM. Chief Ranger.
A. F. BRINKMAN. Fin. Sec.
O. C. F.— Members of America Council No. 7.
Order of Chosen , Friends, are hereby re-
quested to ftssemblcat 1249 California street,
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late friend. Anton
Phillip Wagner. By order
A. F. PFENDLER. Councilor.
J. M. MORAIS. Secretary.
WILLIAMS— In this city. February 15. 1900.
Annie Williams, beloved wife of David J.
Williams,, mother of George Dijeau, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Earnest It. Gercken. and
sister of William and Charles Gercken and
Susan Denu, a native of San Francisco, aged
3S years and 23 days.
ICXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence toto t Native Sons' Hall. Mason street,
between Post and Geary, where sen-ices will
be held under the auspices of Alta Parlor
No. 3, N. D. G. W.. at 2 o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ALTA Parlor No. 3. N. D. G. W.— Officers and
members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late sister, Mrs. Annie Williams,
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from N. 8.
G. W. Hall. 414 Miison street. By order of
MIPS M. MILLER. President.
C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
CARD OF THANKS
Tho family of the late Mary Frances Feu-
tren desire to ext?nd their heartfelt thanks
to their friends for their kind sympathy In
their late bereavement.
The Chosen Friends.
During the past week America Council
received two petitions: the council at
"Watsonville received five and the one at
Grass Valley received one. Th« order la
picking up and expects In a short time to
make pood showing, numerlca ly and
financially.
Last Thursday night Social Council had
an enjoyable progressive euchre party
which was greatly enjoyed by the many
who took part.
The officers of Concord Council were tr
stalled by Deputy E. A. Street last week,
after which the officers "and members ea-
Joyed an oyster supper.
at .Pasadena, and Covlna at Covina. Ernett
H. May. Inspector.
Special District, part of San Francisco for
lodges working In foreign languages— La Fax-
faite Union Lodge, Alexander K. Coney, in
spector; Hermann Lodge, John Fischer, In
spector; and Speranza Itailana Lodge, Floreia
Cavagnaro, Inspector.
- (Sunday), at . 1 o'clock, • from tho Armory.
815 . Ellis street. Interment National Ceme-
tery. Presidio. Cal. ,
COWEN— In New. York- City. February T. 1900,
Louis CoTren. beloved husband of Fannie
Cowen. and father of Mrs. Tlllle "Wilder and
Mrs. Bertha Peyser, a native of Germany,
aged 66 years, formerly residing In San Fran-
cisco.
DAVIS- In this city. February 17. 1900, Mary
A., beloved Infant daughter of Joseph and
Mary Davis, and sister of Willie Davis, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
6 days.
DELLOW— In this city. February 17, 1900. Mary
Frances, beloved wife of Alec James Dellow.
ETDue notice of funeral hereafter.
EISENZOPF— In this city. February M. 1900.
Gertrude Helene beloved daughter of John
and Anna Bfseniopf, and sister of Ernest.
Irene and Gustave Eisenaopf. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 5 days.
CTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 143 Second street. Interment
Holy Crosa Cemetery.
FIELD— In Haywards. February 16. 1 900 .' Ar-
thur H. Field, a natlvs of London, England,
aged B3 years. - .•¦ .>¦
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to '. attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:S0 o'clock, at Trin-
ity Episcopal Church.
GOSLAND— In this city, February 16. 1900.
William T.. beloved husband of Mary Gos-
land. son of Thomas and the late Catherine
Gosland, and brother of Miss Jessie and
Thomas Gosland. Mrs. A. W. Stern. Mrs. M.
Simpson and Mrs. E. Parker of Warwick.
Queensland, a native of Glasrow. Scotland,
aged SS years 2 months and 3 days. A mem-
ber of Court Southern Heights No. 1150. In-
dependent Order of Forested, and Draymen
nnd Tetrnstcrs' Union of San Francisco.
(Queensland papers please copy.)
O"Fr!?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 61R Eighteenth street, corner of Ten-
eseee. Potrero. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery via electric funeral car from Fourth
and Harrison streets at 2:15 o'clock.
I. O. F.— Members of Court Southern Heights
No. IUO. I. O. F.. are requested to attend the
funeral nf our deceased brother. W. T. Gos-
land. from his late residence, 618 Eighteenth
street, corner of Tennessee, this day (Sun-
day), at I o'clock. Fines strictly enforced for
non-attendance. HUGH DUFF. C. R.
J. W. HAMILTON. R. S.
DRAYMEN and Teamsters' Union of San
Francisco— The office™ and members are here-
by requested to assemble at Eighteenth nnd
Tennessee streets. Potrero. this day (Sun-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late member. William T. Gosland.
Fines wll] be strictly enforced. By order
T F. NOONAN, President.
W. DULET. Sec.
GlLLlCK— February 16. 1900. Anne Gllllck, be-
loved v/lfe of the lnte James Glllick. nnd
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. D. M. Heas-
erty and Mrs. J. J. Flanican. a native of
. County Donegal. Ireland. «Red 6S years.
tt^Frlonds and acqunlntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. D. M. Heagerty. Frult-
vale. thence to St. Elizabeth's Church, where
a requiem mass will b5 celebrated for the re-
pose of her *oul. commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
GRANIEST— In this city. February 17, 1900.
Friederlcke Mfirlo Lcuise. beloved wife of
Otto Granlest. daushter of Mrs. Frledericke
Sonnenberg of Berlin, and sister of Mrs. Mar-
tha Kuhn of Lcs Angeles, Mrs. Dr. Coler and
Mrs. Dr. Frc«hllch of Germany, a native of
Anhalt, Germany, aged 55 years.
Cs" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 20, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1212 Mason street, between Washington
and Jackson. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GEDDES— In this city, February 17. 1300. Sam
uel Geddes, a native of Pennsylvania, aged SI
years.
HEANT— In this city, February 16. 1900. Mary
A., beloved mother of W. P. Heany, a native
of Philadelphia, Pa.
CTFuneral services will be held at St.
Bridget's Church, corner of Broadway and
Van Ness avenue, this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Remains at the Golden Gate mortuary chapel,
2425 Mission street, near Twenty first.
HOTALING— In this 'city, February 16. 1300.
Anson Parsons Hotallnz, behoved husband of
Lavlnla J. Hotaling, and father of Richard
M., Frederic C. and the late Anson P. and
Georse H. Hotaling. aged 73 years 11 months
£C7"The funeral services will be held
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M. Interment private.
HAUB— In this city, February 1". 1300, Conrad,
beloved husband of Lena Haub, and father
of John, Oscar, Rosle. Sophie and Lizzie
Haub, a native of Heiden, Welsel, Germany,
aged 47 years 1 month and 1 day.
KNIGHT— KiIIed in action at Santa Ana, P. 1..
February 5. IS!»'J, James Harvey Knight,
dearly beloved Ron of Mrs. M. McCoy, stepson
of Thomas McCoy, darllnc brother of Claire
McCoy, and grandson of the late James A.
Pritehard, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years a months and 7 days.
CTTriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 679 Pennsylvania avenue, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third
streets, Ihence to St. Teresa's Church for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KINCAID— In Oakland, February 17. 1900. Mrs.
Isabella Klncald, beloved mother of William
and Isabella Kincaid. and widow of the late
William Kincaid, a - native of Sunderland,
England, axed 58 years.
LAUSTEN-In this city. February 18, 1300.
Hans Lausten, father of Mrs. H. M. Petereen,
Mrs. P. Rassmußsen and Mrs. Hans Karap,
a native of North Slesvlg, Denmark, aged 86
years 5 months and 7 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 717 Treat avenue, near Twentieth
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McMENOMY-In this city. February 16, 1900,
Charles, beloved son of Margaret and the
late Michael McMenomy, and brother of
Nicholas and Christopher McMenomy, Mrs.
F. Suhllng and the late John McMenomy. a
native of San Francisco. A member of San
Francisco Camp No. 437. Woodmen of the
World.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother. 6g Hancock street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Church and San-
chez,- thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McFADDEN— In Oakland. February 17, l? 00,
Thomas Henry McFadden, a native of New
York State, aced 77 years. ' :'.v
MELLODY— In San Rafael, February 16, 1900,
Thomas H. Mellody. aged 53 years. A member
of Farnsworth Lodge No. 95. I. O. O. F.
O'CONNOR— An anniversary solemn requiem
hlsrh mass will be celebrated next Tuesday;
February 20, at 10 o'clock, at St. Peter's
Church, for the repose of the soul of the late
Rev. Cornelius O'Connor. Friends and ac- i
qualntances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
O'CONNELL— In South San Francisco. Febru-
ary I*s. 1900. Thomas, husband of Mary At !
O'Connell. father of Mrs. Daniel Harrintrton j
and William, Frank and Edward O'Connell.
and brother of Mrs. M. Martin, a native of I
Nantucket. Mass., aged 64 years. |
PEPPERMAN-In this city. February 16. IWO,
Peter J. I'eppfrman. beloved husband of Mrs.
M. B. Pepperman. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 36 years. A member of Court Mount
Diablo No. lIS. F. of A. (Alleghany City
papers please copy.)
C^Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
SCHOENFELDER— In Oakland. February 15,
1300, Walburga, beloved wife of John Schoen-
felder,- a native of Baden. Germany, aged 64
(CTTrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the
family residence. 1163 Willow street. West
Oakland. Interment Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
San Francisco.
EERNAU— In this city. February 15. 1900. Wil-
liam D., beloved son of John and Annie Ser-
nau. grandson of Delia Clyne. and nephew of
Thomas Clyne. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 9 months.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 109 South Park. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SHAW— In this city. February 14. 1900, Stephen
W. Shaw (artist), beloved husband of Lucre-
tla S. Shaw, a native, pf Vermont, aged S2
years and 2 months.
CTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at , 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets
under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. February -16. 1900.
Samuel Sullivan, late of Courtland, Sacra-
mento County. Cal.. beloved husband of
Catherine Sullivan, . and 'father of John
Sullivan, and brother of Mrs. Jam»s Mc-
Carthy and the late William Sullivan, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, aeed 70 years.
- [CTFrlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WIDMAN— In Honolulu. H. 1.. February 7.
1900, of appendicitis. John H. Widman, bs-'
loved Don of Herman G. and tho late Kate
Widman. and brother of Antone,' Charles.'
Herman and B-rtha Widman. Mrs. F. W.
Sylvester and Mrs. R. Llppold, a native of
Ean Francisco, aged SI years 10 months and 22
days.
WARREN— In Oakland. February 17, 1900.
Elizabeth Ann. beloved wife of John Warren,
and mother of Mrs. James Washington and
James Dumas, a. native of Virginia, . aged 6S
years. K*3B«KtaEeS
"WAGNER— In this city, February 15, 1900, An-
. ton Phillip, dearly, beloved husband of Mary
.. M. 'Wagner,: father of Maude, Aubrey, and
L-11110 .Wagner, and son of Phillip and tb» late
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway, Oakland. Adrer-
tlßemenU tad «übscrlptlom received, .__
X 3250. VALUE » 14000.
Locates on a "commanding corner;" new
bousa of 7 rooms; bath. ga» and electrical ap-
pliances; r.ew Ideaa and designs for "dining-
room, sewing-room; sunny exposure; close
to local train and 2 car lines; ppace would not
fully present the excellent features; the nobl-
est house built this year; easy terms.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leare Broadway
wharf, San Franc Jsco:
Ws>tii, F° r Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
tV*^T? Sf! V Frb - Zo> 2 " >: Xlaf - 2'2 ' Cha "?*
IV^'Y'^^tkSk tr> c^ rn P ar> y' s •teaser* at
E'v^Szl? Vui fr" or Victoria. VancouTpr
£&&§«V<'*i;l m. C), Port Towns-n<l.
/""T*JE!J^£t£s' Seattl*. Tacoma. Evers::.
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m., Feb.
tO, *5; Mar. 2. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 1 p. m., F«b.
IS. 23. 28. Mar. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 16. 20. !4, 2S. Mar. 4, and every
fourth clay thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo*. Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. 1». 22. 18, Mar. 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of. each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves th» right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and, hour* of ¦alling,
TICKKT OPFIOIS —4 N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS tc CO.. Ocx Agt*..
10 Market st.. San Frandsoo.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
lr.dorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DENBIGH— In Oakland. February 16, 1900, to
the wife of B. K. Denbigh, a daughter.
DEAN— In this city, January 8. 1900. to the wife
of Andrew P. Dean, a son.
HALL— In this city, February 10. 1900, to the
HENNING— In this city. February 11, 1900, to
the wife of F. \V. Henningr, a son.
PRITCHARD— In this city. February 12, 1300,
to the wlf« of Frederick L. Prltchard, a
daughter.
STRIEGEL— In this city, February 13, 1900, to
the wite of H. F. Striegel, a daughter.
TRAUTXKR— In this city. February 14, 1300. to
the wife of Rudolph Trautner. a eon.
WASHBURN— In this city, February 10, 1900,
to the wife of George E. Washburn, a son.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Santa Amanda will be institute
in this city on the 19th lnst. by High Chief
Ranger Boehm.
The high chief ranger, accompanied by
Past High Chief Rangpr Beaver, on last
Monday visited Court Star of California
at Sausalito. After the business of the.
evening there was a pleasant hour la tho
social and entertainment line.
There will be a meetlns shortly for tha
purpose of making arrangements for th»
annual picnic to be given by- the local
members of the order.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
ISO CASH, balance to suit, for ¦ modern homo
containing B rooms, laundry and bath, etc. ;
on the west side of Linden at. 1 : lot 52x133; a
gem of a home for money asked. GEORGE
B. M. GRAT. 454 Ninth «t.
$1200 CASH for modern house of t rooms, laun-
dry and bath; excellent location; parties haya
gone En.«t and will sell at a very much re-
duced price; there' can remain a bank mort-
gage of $2700 at 8 per cent; this is worth inves-
tigating; fuller particulars at office. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 454 Ninth St.
JSOO CASH-rNew modern cottaga of • rooms,
laundry, porcelain bath, etc; an modern and
complete In every detail; bookcaae and side-
board built In dining room; sunny exposure;
CO- foot lot: balance of $1750 can remain at.t
per cent; this is an excellent opportunity for
any en» wishing a home; it Is well located
between 2 electric car lines, a short . distance
out from City Hall: further particulars at of-
Rce. GEORGE B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth «t
AT $10 ca«h, $o monthly— Fine lots; the choicest
building site; East Oakland; 8 model homes
Just completed; build your home or let us
build for you. and stop paying rent; have your
home where the climate excels;, no fogs or
cold wlndr; soil the best and view the grand-
est; streets all graded and macadamized; city
water and sewer; 1 block from electric car
tnd near the local trains; good schools and
grand view; Gallndo Tract, adjoining Eaat
Oakland; price $125 upward: call or eend for
circular. 455 Seventh at., Oakland; carriage
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
CITY realty; fruit and stock ranchos; loans.
BALSBURY. ?03 Broadway. Notary Public.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern, Oakland home. mTsT
E. C. Fortler. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900
NEW INSPECTORS FOR
THE MASONIC LODGES
location of the Various Bodies Under
the Jurisdiction of the
Grand Lodge.
Following is the list of the inspectors
of the several Masonic districts of the
jurisdiction who have been selected for
the current Masonic year:
First District. Del Nortt .and l Humboldt Coun
ties-Crescent Lodge at Crescent -CM, Hum
Shasta at Anderson. William P. Jonnson at
"Fifth'^s^cr^sen County-La-en Lodge
at Susanvllle. Janesvllle at Janesvllle. Julian
E. Pardee of Susanvllle. Jn9P*c" r - of p, um . 9
Sixth District, part of the Coantrotjnuio^a
-Plumas Lodge at Q"»£cy and Slnc«rny at
Greenville. Arthur W. Keddle of Qulncy. in
SP Seventh District, part of Plumaa
Counties-Jefferson Lodge of La P "*« *"?
Glbsonville of Glbsonvllle. John M. Mussey or
•< *Z /° U £iye 2!
Sierra and Yuba-Mountaln Shade Lodge at
Downlevtlle. Gravel Range at I*/1 */
Forest at Alleghany and Harmony at Sierra,
John Burman of Downlevllle. Inspector.
Ninth District. Nevada County, e«ept
Truckee Lodge No. 200-Nevada Lodge iat .V
rada City, Madison at Gra*« \ alley. Qultman
at North Bloomfleld and Manzanlta at North
San Juan. William E. Messervey of Nevada
C Tent'h S Dlstrlct. Placer County and Pjrto'
Nevada-Eureka Lodge at Auburn, Gold Hill
at Lincoln. Illlnoistown at Colfax. Rising Star
at Forest City. Clay at Dutch Flat. lonic at
lowa Hill. Trucke* at Truckee. Granite at
Rocklln and Penryn at Penryn. Michael D.
Linigcr of Auburn. Inspector. — ».w«. -
Eleventh District. County o£B u "e—F° r be»
town Lodge at Forbestown. Orovl le at Oro
vllle, Chlco at Chlco, Table Mountain at Cher
okee. North Butte at Grldley. Emmanuel at
Biggs. Emll Meybem of Chico. Inspector.
Twelfth District, counties of \" bb * a " d .P.'i t "
ter. except Gravel Ranee No. 69-Cor nthlan
Lodge at Marysvllle. Yuba at Marysville. tn
terprise at Yuba City, Hose s Bar at Smarts
ville. Nicolaus at Wheatland. Arthur U.
Hewitt of Yuba City. Inspector.
Thirteenth District, counties of Oolusa and
Glenn — Meridian Lodge at College City.
Newville at Newvllle. Colusa at Colusa. Laurel
at Willows. Tuscan at Williams. Orland at
Orland. Snow Mountain at Stony Ford. Max
well at Maxwell. William M. Finch of Wil
lows, Inspector. -
Fourteenth District, part of the- county of
Mendocino— Abell Lodge at Uklah. Covello at
Covello. George W. Stout of Uklah, Inspector.
Fifteenth District, county of Lake— Clear
Lake Lodee at Lower Lake. Hartley at LaKe
port. Callayoml at Middle-town. Curtis J. Mon
roe of Lakeport. inscector.
Sixteenth District, county of Sonoma—Tem
ple Lodge at Sonoma. Santa Rosa at Banta
Rosa. Sotoyome at Healdsburg. Lafayette at
Sebastopol. Curtis at Cloverdale. Vltruvlua at
Bloomneld, Pctaluma at Petaluma. Russian
River at Windsor, Mount- Jackson at Guerne
vllle. Edward W. M. Evans of Petaluma, In
spector. ¦ -.. .
Seventeenth District, county of Napa ana
part of Solano— Yoant Lodse at Napa. Naval
at Vallejo, Ft. Helena at St. Helena. Solano at
Vallejo, Calistojja at Callstoga. William W.
Lyman of St. Helena, inspector.
Eighteenth District, county of Sacramento
and part of Solano— Tehama Lodge at Sacra
mento. Washington at Sacramento. Sacramento
at Sacramento. Union at Sacramento. Natoma
at Fo'som. Concord at Sacramento. Franklin
at Courtland. Elk Grove at Elk Grove. Rio
Vista at Rio Vista, Gait at Gait. Charles W.
Frazier of Sacramento. Inspector.
Nineteenth District, county of Yolo and part
of Solano— Yolo Lodge at Yo!o. Grafton at
Grafton. Woodland at Woodland. Buckeye at
Winters. SHveyvllle at Dixon. Athens at Davis
vllle. Landmark at Madison. Tyrlan at Dun
nUan. Byron Ball of Woodland, Inspector.
Twentieth District, county of El Dorado-
Georgetown Lodge at Georgetown, El Dorado
at Placervllle, Hiram at El Dorado. Acacia at
Coloma. Mount Zlon at Grizzly Flat. Palmyra
at Placerville. Francis Nichols of Coloma, in
spector.
Twenty-flsst District, county of Ama<lor and
part of CaJaveras— Volcano Lodge at Volcano,'
Amador at Jackson, Calaveras at San Andreas,
lone at lone, Henry Clay at Sutter Creek. Dry
town at Drytown. Mokelumne Hill at Mokel
umne Hill. Wallace Kay of Jackson, Inspector.
Twenty-second District, county of Tuolumne
and part of Calaveras — Tuolumne Lodge at
Sonora. Ophlr at Murphya. George Washington
at Chinese Camp, Bear Mountain at Angels
Camp. George W. Nlcol of Sonora. inspector.
Twenty-third District, county of San Joaquln
and part o' Calaveras— San Joaquln Lodg-» at
Stockton. Morning Star at Stockton. Wood
bridge at Woodbrldge. Valley at Linden. Key
stone at Milton. Lodi at Lodl. Herman C. Barg
mann of Stockton, inspector.
Twenty-fourth District, county of Contra
Costa and part of Solano — Benlcla Lodge at
Benlela. Martinez at Martinez, Sufsun at Sul
son. Alamo at Walnut Creek. Vacaville at
Vacaville, Antioch at Antloch, Carqulnes at
Crockett Louis M. Buttner of Port Ccsta, In
spector.
Twenty-fifth District, county of Alameda —
Live Oak Lodgs at Oakland. Eden at San Le
andro, Oakland at Oakland. Oak Grove at Ala
meda. Mosaic at Llvermore. Brooklyn at East
Oakland. Eucalyptus at Haywards, Alcatraz at
West Oakland. Durant at Berkeley. Allsal at
Pleasanton, Frultvale at Frultvale. Alameda at
Centervllle. Edward H. Hart of Berkeley, In
spector.
Twenty-sixth District, county of Marin and
part of San Francisco — California. Occidental.
Golden Gate. Mount Morlah, Fidelity. Faclflc,
Crockett, Oriental. Excelsior, Mission, South
San Francisco, Doric and King Solomon's lodges
at San Francisco ami Marin at San Rafael.
George M. Perlne of San Francisco. Inspector.
Twenty-seventh District, the counties of San
Mateo. Santa Clara and part of San Benlto —
San Jose Lodge at San Jose, San Mateo at
Redwood City. Keith at Gllroy, Mountain View
at Mountain View. Friendship at San Jose. San
Benito at Holllster. Hayward at Half Moon
Bay, Los Gatos at Los Gatos, Liberty at Santa
Clara. Ralph Lowe of San Jose. Inspector.
Twenty-eighth District, the counties of Santa
Cruz. Monterey and part of San Benlto— Santa
Cruz Lodge at Santa Crux. Texas at San Juan,
Pajaro at Watsonvllle. Confidence at Caatro
ville. Salinas at Salinas. Monterey at Mon
terey, ganta Lucia at Kings City, Pacific Grov»
at Pacific Grove. Frederick A. Lucas of Santa
Cruz, Inspector.
Twenty-ninth District, county of Marlposa—
MarlpoFa Lodge at Marlposa, Hornltos at
Hornitoa, Tosemite at Coultervllle. William
Adams of Hornltos, Inspector.
Thirtieth District, counties of Merced. Stan
islaus and Madera— La Grande Lodge at Mer
ced. Summit at Knights Ferry. Stanislaus at
Modesto. Hills Ferry at Newman. Oakdale at
Oakdale, Madera at Madera. Los Banos at
I.os Banos. George T. McC*be of Knights
Ferry, inspector.
Thirty-first District, the county of Inyo— lnyo
Ledge at Independence, Wlnnednmah at
Bishop. Thomas C. Boland of Independence,
Inspector.
Thirty-first District, county of Fresno and
part of Kings— Fresno Lodge at Fresno. Wel
come at Lemoore. Selma at Setma. Reedley at
Reedley. Sanger at Sanger. John L. Mitchell
of S»lma, inspector.
Thirty-third District, counties of Kern and
Tulare and part of Kings— Visalla Lodge at
VUalla, Bakersfield at Bakersfleld. Olive
Branch at Tulare. Hanford at Hanford. Traver
at Traver. Portervllle at Portervllle. Delano at
Delano. Tehachapl at Tebachapl. William
Kettner of Visalla. inspector.
Thirty-fourth District, county of San Luis
Oblspo— San Simeon Lodge at Cambria. King
David's at San Luis Oblspo, Arroyo at Arroyo
Grande. San Miguel at San Miguel. Paso Ro
bles at Paso Robles. Eugene M. Dodson of
Paso Robles. Inspector. /
Thirty-fifth District, counties of Ventura and
Santa Barbara — Santa Barbara Lodge at Santa
Barbara. San Buenaventura at Ventura. Guad
alupe at Guadalupe. Magnolia at Santa Bar
bara, Lompoc at Lompoc, Hesperian at Santa
Maria. Santa Paula at Santa Paula. Hueneme
at Hueneme. William A. Wilson of Santa Bar
bara. Inspector.
Thirty-sixth District, part of the county of
Los Angeles— Los Angeles. Penthalpa. Southern
California, Hollenbeck. South Gate. Valee de.
France and West Gate Lodges at Los Angeles;
East Gate at East Los Angeles. Santa Monica
at Santa Monica, and Alhambra at Alhambra.
Charles L. Efinis of Los Angeles, Inspector.
Thirty-seventh District, counties of San Ber
nardino and Riverside— Phoenix Lodge at San
Bernardino. Evergreen at Riverside. Klsinore
at Elslnore, Redlands at Redlands. Ontario at
Ontario. Ashlar at Cotton. Temescal at Coro
na. Needles at Needles, and San Jaclnto at San
Jacinto. Constantln U'Ren of Colton. inspector.
I Thirty-eighth District, county of San Diego —
San Diego Lodge at San Diego. Southwest at
National City. Silver Gate at San Diego. Fall
brook at Fallbrook, and Consuelo at Escon
dldo. Ell T. Blackmer of San Diego. Inspector.
Thirty-ninth District, county of Orange and
part of Los Angeles — Wilmington Lodge at WH
mlnston, Anaheim at Anaheim. Downey at
Downey, Santa Ana at Santa Ana. Anchor Ht
Compton. Orange Grove at Orange. Norwalk
at Norwalk, Whittier at Whlttter. Long Beach
at Long Beach, Redondo at Redondo. and San
Pedro at San Pedro. Charles E. Mitchell of
Clearwater. Inspector.
Fortieth District, the Hawaiian Islands—Ha
waiian Lodge at Honolulu and Lllauea at Hilo.
Andrew Brown of Honolulu, inspector.
Forty-first District. Mono County— Bodle
Lodge at Bodle and Alta Lodge at Bridge
port. Frank E. Hunewill of Brldegoprt. in
spector.
Forty-second District, part of Mendoclno
County— Mendoclno Lodge at Mendoclno City
and Clalrborne at Punta Arena. Thomas J.
Richards. Inspector.
Forty-third District, parts of the counties uf
Plumas and Slerra-i-Slerra- Valley Lodge at
SierravlUe and Hope at Beckwith. William H.
Chandler of Slerravllle, Inspector.
Forty-fourth District, part of the county or
l«o« Angeles— Lexington Lxxlgs at El Monte,
Pomona iat Pomona, Pasadena at Pasadena.
Azusa at Arusa, Monrovia at Monrovia, Corona
ALAJIEDA. ItEAL ESTATE.
A superb modern residence, within I minutes'
»alk of narrow-gauge railroad Ftatlon^for
sale for $11,600; would exchange for bun FTan-
elaco realty. Address Owner, box g,71. Oil.
IWE cff?r tl-.e following special bc/galn:
jlCOo— Hcuee of 4 rooms snl bath: lot «xito.
12309— House of 5 reorne ; all modern lmprove-
~.*ntf<: lot 4-lxl?'); near bay shore.
j43oo_House. It room*: all modern lmprove-
nrnu=: nne location: lot 60x140.
tJOOO— House. 7 rooms; porcelain bath, rae,
tc; San Jose aye. ; let 60x10.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
Jltf©— JUST like rent; new cottage of S roonn
(to crier)). j:00 cash. 120 per month: lot »2x
100. J. H. YOUNG. Builder. 124» Park it.
C C. BEMIS. Rfal Estate and General Lan 4
>rent J:'4 Montgomery st-
In Be; koley— Corner lot 87x110. with modern
house ct » rocrris^
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Coll, :6 page?, sent to any address in th»
United f=tat*-» cr Canada cne year for |1.
prftaire paid. *
OAKLA.VD FURMSHED ROOMS.
OAKLAND Branch Office of~The Call pT
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAATJ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
funrlture aealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1113 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lA.CCHERI & BACIGALUPI, doing
business In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the 2Sth day of March, 1599. dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. O. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire interest of G.
BACIGALUPI in the concern.
O. lACCHERI,
G. BACIGALUPI.
Pan Francisco. February 9, 1900.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FItIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE ty H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale
station. Cal. v \
J2T.O— A barcain; lot 100x150; on!j\^>=e b'.ock
from oleotric care. v^
J^o— House of 4 rooms and basement; larpe
chicken house: good well and pump; lot iCxllO;
all fenced; $100 cash; balance on your own
$700— House of 4 rooms: newly renovated;
larre lot; a fine place for raisins chickens.
1350— Cottage ct i rooms and bath: etationary
tubs; chicken and j lgeon houses; 4 blocks from
Twenty-third aye. station. .
$140<}-For sale in Alameda; 2-story house of
C rooms 2nd bath; stable; large lot; 2 blocks
frcm Park-st. station; fine neighborhood; street
work and cement sidewalk complete.
ji4.v>_Oottate cf & rooms and bath; marble
washstand. mantel, stationary tubs; 7-foot
basement: all f!o^r»*d; cement walk;' chicken
bosae; lot iOxiri; all fenced: cost owner $2250.
$2:.M) — Extraordinary sacrifice, but must ee'.l;
fine modem cottace of 6 Jartre rooms and bath;
fine mantel, attic, basement, chicken house;
fruit trt-t-s; corner let; «5x150; easy terms If de-
*H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station. Cal.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
On!y a Few Minutes From the Station.
J^-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lots,
"in a millionaire's diftrlct at a worklngman's
price: for Immediate s=a!e; J4 per front foot up;
two weeks or.ly at above price.
Lots 175 feet deep and any frontage desired;
all streets rra<>d; water piped to every lot; in
Fniitvale sar.itary district; over 4fKX) forest and
fruit tr^cs on this tract; a good speculation If
>r>u do net want a hone; we build to suit you;
title g-uaranieed ; cloce to car and transporta-
tion lines.
is3oC»— Lot BPxJTS: E9 trees on the property.
JCOO— Lot 141x17i ; finest Foil In Frultvale.
8-acre chlckrn ranch; chance of a lifetime.
$1000— Chicken ranch; house 4 rooms; big let.
JlOoo— Three 4-rcom cottage* at $14 per month.
tITSO— Two five-room cottages; $17 a month.
MONET TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco office— Room 2. ground floor, 222
Eanscme Ft.; afterr.oor.s.
Frultvale office— Half block abore Frultvale
Ftat!?n. ¦ ¦• -- '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
MAKHIED.
BBAGLES— STUBENRAUCH— In this city,
February 14. 1K»». by the Rev. Father Mc-
Kinnon. Robert Iceland Beagles of Napa and
Mios He*tie Stubenrauch of San Francisco.
(New Orleans papers please copy.)
nOBART-FMEDEL— In this city. February
14, IWO, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
Peace, George W. Hobart and Lizzie E. Frie-
del, both of San Francisco.
REES— TATTON— In this city. February 14,
1900. by the Rev. John Stephens, Claude Rees
and O. Laura. Tatton, both of San Francisco.
LOTS.
30Nezv York Stock Market.
N*EW TORK. F>b. 17.— Attention centered to
<ay almost wholly In the weekly statement of
th« clearing house banks. Traders held aloof
from the market from the outside, and the buy
ing and telling was entirely In the hands of
the. professional traders. These were Inclined
to th« short side of the market in anticipation
of the weak bank return, which had been
clearly foreshadowed by th« record of Sub-
Treasury operations for ths week, by the course
of New York exchange at other domestic cen
ters aad by yesterday's preliminary estimates
by the bank* themselves of the currency move
ment for the w*eic. A« Is the Invariable rule
v J.ere a condition has been accurately foreseen
and discounted, the event brings reaction due
to the taking of speculative profit*, either on
the long or the short side of the market. In
to-day'a market the bears started to cover their
short contracts a.fur the bank statement and
worked a sharp rally. Some stocks were at
tacked anew in the final dealings, making the
doee Irregular, but* the general list was firm
at the ruilv. The bears found Pacific Mall
vulnerable to further attack and had some
success with People's Gas, but Third Avenue
offered B0«M resistance. A large selling order
mas <Jpjerted In National Kt?*J and that stock
was of>r«»<i down II 1 *, causing sympathetic de
clines in a r.urr.tyer of the" other metal storks.
Federal Fte*j yi-crerr«^l fell an extreme 2»i,
National rallied but dropped again to the
lowest, and American Hoop fell suddenly an
extreme l\ In the final dealings. The devel
opments 1n the money situation may account
for the veaknew in the Iron Industrials, as
they are etiil io'-ked upon with disfavor by
bankers and money lenders as collateral.
The deorj-at'e In tlur cash accounts of the
banks Jormed very clcxely to preliminary es
timate* and the loan expansion of $13.654.2u0
created no great t-urrrise, in view of the re
cent tendency fct.d the known pressure for ac
commodation In all <!<'i'artmenta" of the bu«l-
The weekly trade review* sufficiently Indi
cate 1 he- wj.l»«=iirend activity In bu*iner> in all
linee at a h!sh level of prices. Surprise Is
rsthrr felt tb^.t rail money should have con
tlnui-i in apijan*n;ly abundant supply at 2 per
<er.t rtjr'.r.g y<-vterda.v. It !»> di'f.cult to <lls
c**rr>. any wrwiiect of earlj relief from the fac
to»> which ar* n:«klng inroads on the bank's
cash reeaCßTses, ajjd with continued pressure
upon the hanks at th»» present rate for credit
the encroachments upon surplus reserves must
be ru>ld. . " . '•
Gerw-raliy fpcakinr. the tone of the stock
market baa (>"<ni firm this ueek, but dull, the
averse*- (iay'f buslners falling considerably lie
low half a rrl!!!on pharef. Advances have been
ma/ie in rather a <J«-«ultory fas-hirfn, now here
• r.d now th"re. tut or.cc made they were yield
ed very pru^singly In spite of the dullness.
It became promptly manifest on Tuesday,
when the ¦v.etis orwnr-d after Monday's holiday,
that the pr«*vlutis uer-k'x burden of realizing
sale* wo:; 110 longer |ire?Flrig en the market.
aril operation* by bull ixxjl*, forced by pro
fe»e!<-.r.al *t<xk traders, <iulckly showed them
selves.
The strength of the market was due to the
growing conviction that last year's prosperous
bucinTs conditions have a fair chance of con
tinuance. But the. professional operators in
rtocJcs were the only persons to manifest the
courage of their convictions by buying stocks
oa any considerable scale. The general out-
On the Road to Bankruptcy,
Grlgg-s—Y our friend appears to be proa
perlne finely. His new residence Is simplj
palatial and the horseflesh he rides behin*
rnu?t have cost him a mint of money.
Brlrsrs— Ye<«. Stentor Is doing splendidly
But I'm sorry to say he has Ju3t taken ouj
a patent for a very Ingenious invention.
<5ri ?g9 _ls that »o? By George, whei
the bankruptcy sale comes off I in ffoinf
to bo on hana to mato a bid on ono a
them horMfc— BestoaTranscrtpt.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... - $4 «5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ss'4
Sterling Cables — 4 M*,
New York Exchange, sight <- 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars : ......'...•. 48 4SSs
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Roby takes for.Cork 75,970 ctls,
valued at $7(1.000; Schwnrtenb»k, for Cork. 70,-
C 36 ctls, at. 571,790.
Liverpool and Paris were both lower. The
world's •hlpments were estimated at 8,500.000
bushela. •
Chicago wan quiet and unchanged. Thl«
market wa» also Inactive, with a. further de
cline In futures <
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S?«c@-|l; , mllllnr
tl 01WS1 OZ%-
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls. o'clock— December—
13,000 ctls.- $107',4. May— 2ooo, $101; 12.000,- $1.
Second Session— May— MOO rtls. Jl OOH; 6000
$1 00%. December— COM, *1 07.
Regular Morning Sesslon-May-40.C00 ctls
!100%; 22.C00, •$1 "X»h: Decembe.r-4000. $1 P6*4;
10.000. $1 06*;.
BARLEY— The mftrket Is steady, with a fair
6>mand. • There Is nothing doing on call.
Exports from this port In January were 25<t .
600 ctls, valed at ?279.MK>. against 73.470 ctls, at
$102 000 !n January, 1699. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ .
Feed. -.o@77Hc for No. 1 and 65©72Hc for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, BC®S;u c -
Cheval(«r, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. 1
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. -
; Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
<2OATB2 OAT8— The market continues dull, aha prices
show no further change.
White, $1 10® 1 30; Red. 95c@$l 174 ; Gray
$1 07Vk®i 15* Black 93Hc®$102U. .*' . Gra ?'
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 95c j>«r
ctl and Eastern Yellow at U0102V4; mixed.
W jlH&uo!tV'»t Mtt'en e:% per ctl. •; '
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal. ;
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Blrma takes for Cork 23.590 barrels Flour,
valued at $70,600. ~ ' ¦'¦ . ¦¦
FLOUR— California family extraa, $3 6003 75.
usual tenms: baker*' extras, SS 40Q3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $1 75«>» per barrel. ' 1 .
MLLLSTUFFB— Prices la sacks ax* as f ol-
Steamer Movements.
EASTERN MARKETS.
side public maintained an apathetic attitude
toward the market. Last week's reduction in
prices when the news was all favorable caused
doubt and distrust in the minds of outsiders
and they have refused to come back into the
market this week. The public apathy has been
a weight on th© market and the weakness of
Individual etocks from special causes haa been
a further disturbing factor. The failure of
plans to fund the floating debt of the Third
Avenue Railroad Company; a poor season for
the rubber business, owing to the fine weather;
Intimations of a coming suspension of cash
dividends on the Pacific Mall; a report of a
bond Issue by Continental Tobacco, to take up
stock of a new constituent company— these were
some of the causes which created weakness
In a few stocks and checked the advancing
tendency In the general list. Add to these a
disposition to caution about overstraining the
money market. In view of the heavy demands
making upon it for use in the regular chan
nels of business and the renewed absorption
by the Treasury of the re\-enue surplus since
Internal revenue receipts are flowing once more
into the treasury Instead of Into depository
banks, and the factors of reaction are most of,
them enumerated. On the other hand are de
tails of prosperity from all sides. Current rail
road earnings are at an unprecedented level
and the volume of merchandise traffic Is undl
mlnlshed. In spite of higher rates In effect,
thus more than offsetting & smaller movement
In grain and some other agricultural pro
ducts. The working out of plans for domi
nance In control of competing lines by great
railroad systems gives evidence of progress,
especially In the southern group of trunk lines,
and the outlines of an agreement among the
two great trunk lines for divisions of terri
tory are seen to emerge. The foreign trade
statement for January. Issued by the Treas
ury Bureau of Statistics, shows that th«s for
eign demand for manufactures is well main
tained, in spite of the high lev«l of prices rul
ing, and the vnlue of cotton exports is so far
enhanced in spite, of continued small volume
as to largely offset the discrepancy between
agricultural exports of preceding months and
those of the previous year. The world's large
needs for cotton are believed to Insure a good
market, not only for the moving crop, but for
the coming one. with a corresponding Increase
In the buying power of the cotton sections of
the country.
The lltlgatlnus outbreaks between operators
In one of the largest steel companies have
brought to public notice assertions regarding
last year's profits in the trade and estimates
of the coming year's profits, placing them at
astounding proportions. The slocks of compa
nies in the iron and steel Industry have ad
vanced In the market In consequence in spite
of the continued discrimination against them
as collateral by banks and money lenders.
Professional operators In stocks have professed
s^me satisfaction over the passage of the finan
cial hill through the Senate, but the general In
terest In the subject at Its present stage has
seemed listless in financial circles. The ef
fect In this market of the favorable devel
opments in the British campaign In South
Africa has been moderate. ..
There has been a good buslnep* In the bond
market, although prices were not fully main
tained at a.ll points. I". P. new 4« advanced
J 4 c and the old 4s and 5» >ie in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK .LIST
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock*- ' Bid.
2.S<jO At<:hlson 21^»
4.900 Atchleon prefd £31*
3.475 Baltimore & Ohio 62%
'. Canadian Pacific 98V»
250 Canada Southern 4«S
100 Chesapeake & Ohio 23Vi
400 Chicago Great Western 13H
!.6. r ,5 Chicago Burlington L Qulncy 124H
LtM Chicago Ind &. Louisville 16»;
100 Chicago Ind St Louisville prefd.... 46
Chicago & Eastern Illinois ?2>4
Chicago &. Northwestern 158
ClO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific IDS
C C C fc St Louis 60
100 Colorado Southern SV»
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43>i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15*4
300 Delaware & Hudson 115
2.450 Delaware Lack & Western 1«OV4
200 Denver & Rio Grande 1»H
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7H*
Erie 12H
200 Erie lit prefd 3614,
Great Northern prefd 15?
Hocking Coal 16
Hocking Valley 33>i
1. 000 Illinois Central 113^4
1.350 lowa Central 14
lowa Central prefd t2Vz
Kansas City Ptttsburg & Gulf IS
Lake Erie & Western 20' i
ZX) Lake Erie & Western prefd 83
Lake Shore 194
1.2W Louisville & Nashville BOT4
6.160 Manhattan L 98
1.435 Metropolitan Street Railway 176*4
100 Mexican Central 12
Minneapolis & Pt Louis 62V4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
3.7i>) Missouri Pacific 46
Mobile & Ohio .: 46
Missouri Kansas A Texas 10^
350 Missouri Kansas &. Texas prefd 32*4
New Jersey Central 117
*00 New Tork Central 133%
1.560 Norfolk * Western : 25«4
gflO Norfolk & Western prefd 72*»
1.7W Northern Pacific 62T»
1.2 1 *) Northern Pacific prefd 74V4
MO Ontario A- Western JJij
r Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
2.350 Pennsylvania -134H
Reading IS
2,(20 Reading 1M prefd. 6«4
2«0 Reading 2d prefd 2?>»
Rio Grande Western 46
Rio Grande Western prefd 87
ISO St Louis & Han Fran 10*4
St Louis *; San Fran Ist prefd 68
100 St Louis A San Ftan 2d prefd 34%
Pt Louis Southwestern NHt
l«0 St Louis Southwestern prefd .... 27«4
4,?2S St Paul "...12m
St Paul rrefd 171* i
gt Paul & Omaha 115
2.570 Southern Pacific 18«4
700 Southern Railway 11%
fit Southern Railway prefd 56^4
500 T*xas & Pacific 16U
«.640 Union Pacific 49%
1,510 Union Pacific prefd 76TA
Wabash 6«i
IV\ WabaMi prefd 20H
1.5W Wheeling A Lake Erie 10H
532 Wheeling & Lake Erie M'prefd.... 27
Wisconsin Central lixj
Express Companies— .
Adams 116
American 146
i:0 United States 46
Wells, Fargo & Co's ' 124
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 33* i
American Cotton Oil prefd 94
100 American Malting fi«;
RlO American Malting. prefd 25Vi
340 American Smelting A Refining 41
¦ 4*o Am Pnießlrir & Refining rrefd SOU
American Spirits 2
: American Spirits prefd .>.... 17
PRO American Eteol Hoop 45«. i.
2r.0 American Steel Hoop prefd '. 84« i
5.P75 American Steel & Wire 57«^
3*.*. American Steel A Wire prefd $3%
3:0 American Tin Plate 33
200 American Tin Plate prefd » 82%
12.11Z American Tobacco 108%
.. ... American Tobacco prefd 1351;
T.O.vt Anaconda Mining Co u%
11.410 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72«,
1.600 Colorado Fuel A Iron 4514
. l.S<5 Continental Tobacco 3214
270 Continental Tobacco prefd g4i^
«.475 federal Steel , 54%
1681 Federal Steel prefd 74
400 General Electric i27«i
347 Gluccse Sugar 54*<t
Gluccse Sugar prefd 100
International Paper 21<j
ICO International Paper prefd ns\
..• Lacledo Gas 7<?'
KO National Biscuit 564
Nat'oiinl Bißcult prefd <»2li
ICO National Lead ;«'j
170 National Lead prefd 1051,4
•> 370 Notional Steel «);»„
'«g; National Steel prefd ssu
New York Airbrake 130
1 400 North American ? h
'.... Pacific <^>ast 81
. Pacific Coast Ist- rrefd $3
.-. Pacific Coast M rrefd 6«t§
4 535 Pacific Mall ? 35^
3 320 People's Gas : 1041*
Pressed Steel Car 6SH
610 Pressed Sttel Car preXd $t%
Shipping Intelligence.
Charters.
Tif Glott ot &• Seas loads coal at Comox
tat th. § port.
Bank Clearings.
LocjC bank clearings last week were $19,
tn.U*. against j:e,T63.»0 for the sama week In
I£S9. Recording to these figures buslnesa Is im
rroviaf a little here.
Treasure Shipment.
T±9 Ctxj cf Bio 6a Janeiro took oat a trta*
enUstof tICI.St eocßistlcg ot U5.C3 m Mexl
caa dcllart, $::00 la goll cola and $12,000 in
rilmralta
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
Tfc« Xew Tork Commercial layit
"Wfclle nothing haa occurred In the trade to
ittract any particular attention of late. It la
sertaln that there haa been a steady consum
:-w demand, which haa reduced stocka and
eft t&e trade In each position that increaslr.it
yjsiaess will cause Increased prices and put
.he ir.ari.et !n a better position than It has
>een for years,
"Prunes are moving out steadily, but at full,
ate prices, with her* and there some lndica
:!ons of Improvement. Email sires are In
arxer recueet than large, but of late there
has been toni€ a.d<sitional demand for larger
¦ize« and holders have Increased their asking:
quotations. Norrinally there is no change In
prices. In reality the, prices asked are
firmer ar.d It is harder to buy at anything like
prices which prevailed a week ago.
"Peaches are selling in small quantities
only, but prices are firmly held and holders
are \ryins to advance their quotations. They
tape their attempt on statements which place
total supplies ' n a " positions as smaller than
earlier estimates indicated, which will compel
Increased t.ricrs when the demand enlarges..
"Buyers are indifferent regarding apricots.
Prices are hich and held stiff because of
¦carclty. Neither buyers n^r neller* will make
oncef»f=tT!s. therefore trade amounts to very
little bi present.."
Wcyther Report.
(110 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN* FRANCISCO, Feb. 17. 5 p. m.
The CoUowlac are the eea«onal rainfall? to
£»tc as compared with those of the fc«ime date
laft season, anj rainfalls in last twenty-four
tours .
Last Th'.s I.*st
Station*— II hour?, season, season.
Eureka ".24 35.02 15. 77
Red BiufT COO 15.0» 13.31
fc-acTamento <'.«1 ' 1J.71 7.*5
Pan Francisco .., o.**o 34.57 7.77
Frf-sri.) <t.OO 6.14 3. 86
lndei-e^'ieii'-" Q.W 2.0S 1.15
Ban Luis Oblrpo O.W> 12.41 7.15
Los AJißfles 0.00 4.i8 2.*6
Pan Dieso 0.00 2.M 3.73
Vurna 0.00 0.75' 1.84
han Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CS; minimum. 49; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND G7NERAL
FORECAST.
An ar«--a ot hich pressure overlies the Rocky
Mountain region and eastward to the Missouri.
Th«r* are some indications of the development
of a low rre-si>ure along the Oregon ar.d Wash
ington coasts. Conditions are such that a
Ftorm over the North Pacific would move rap
l<sly in 8-long the coast and southward to Point
Conception. Cloudy weather prevails from
Fresno north and rain in falling from Cape
Mendorino to Cape Flatten*. A rainfall of 1.04
Inches U reDortfd at Astoria.
The temperature is abnormally warm from
SBn Luis Obispo southward to San Diego.
Forecast made at San FVancisco for thirty
fcourf. ending m!(Jn!rht. February 18, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, with
rain In central and northern portion; rain Sun
day night la southern portion; fresh south
easterly wind.
Southern Calif ornlaj— Cloudy Sunday; prob
ably raJn Sunday night; cooler along the coast
Funfiay night; llKht westerly, changing to
southeasterly, wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday, with rain In north
wertera portion: cooler.
Utah— Fair Sunday: aot so cola.
Arixona— Fair Sunday.
Ban Francieco and • vicinity— Probably rain
Cur.ifc.) ; Xre»h southeasterly wind*.
AIEXANDER G. MeADIE,
Forecast Official.
While local securities were quiet yesterday
there was more fluctuation. Spring Valley
Water advanced from $95 75 to $98 50. Contra
Costa Water to $74 75 and Equitable Gas to
$4 25, Kilauea Plantation declined to $19.
The oil stocks were Inactive.
The Standard Consolidated Mlninsr Company
will pay a dividend of . 10 cents on the 20th.
A dividend of 20 cents per share has been
declared upon the Issued capital stock of the
Oakland, Haywards and San Leandro Elec
tric Railway (Consolidated), payable from
February 15.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Feb. 17-12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.A«k.
U S Bonds— ~ent LAP...— 44
4s quar coup. .lll — Eqult G L Co.. *\i 4H
4s quar reg — lM'i Mutual fc.l «;o. — —
4s quar new... — 136 OG L & H..., 45 —
Js quar coup.. — — Pac Gas Imp.. 51 —
Miscellaneous— Pac Light Co.. 41 45
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 — SF G & E.... SOVi —
C C Wat is.. 11*^107 Francisco. 4h 1T»
Ed Lft P 65. .129 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F & Cl Ry 65. .115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Flrem's Fund.22B —
H C * S 5V,»..10r. 110 Bank Stocks—
HC A S 55....10«H4 — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S*J —
L A Ry Ss 103 105H Bank of Ca1...402ii —
LAL Co os.. - — jCal SD & T.. 98 —
Do gntd 65..— - IFlrst Nata1. ...250 305
Do gntd 5».. — 103 iLon P &. A.. ..133 —
LA& P R 55. 102% — Merchant* 1 Ex — 16
Market-st 65... — — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Do Ist m Ss.. US — Savtr.cs Banks —
NCN G R 75. 106 — Ger 8 & L...1775 —
N It Ot Cal hs.ll2U:u\:Hum S & L. — —
N R of Cal 55. 114 — .Slut Say Bk. 45 — •
N PC R R 65103 — S F Say U... 505 —
NPC R R 59.106 — |Say A L So. 74 7J
NCTt R 55. ..109 — |Sec Say Bk. — —
Oak OL&H 55. 11 l — Union T Co. — —
Oak Tran 65. ..11 l IUH* Street Railroads-
Oak WCo S«..NM — California 117*4119
Oceanic SS Co.lo3 1 ; — Geary-»t .*>O —
Om C Ry 65... — 128V4 Market-st Ry.. 6TVi «2
P&a Ry 65..104H — OSL ft H.... — n»
Pk AO Ry 6s. — — Presidio 12 1«
Powel-*t R 6s. 119% — Powder Stocks—
Sac L CARS*. « - California 150 170
SF & SJV 55..11«4 — Giant Con Co. 91>i 93
SRy of Cal 6s. — 109 Vigorit 2». —
S P of A 6s 110«g — Suicar Stocks—
8 P C 6s(IJCS).UWIt — , Hana H P Co. SU SH
SP C 65(1306).113 lU Haw C&SCo S3 So**
SP C 8c(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 2S*i 2ST,
SP C Ist cgjs. — — Hutch S P Co. 2ST* 26
SPBr 6s 126 — Kllauea S Co. 1S& 21 i
E V Wat C 5....116 — Makaweli SCo 45 45U
S V Wat 45.. ..103* i — Onomea S Co.. 25»i —
SV W 4s<3dm)lo2«i — Paauhau S Co. 25« i —
gtktn Gas 65. .102 107',i M'«cenaneoti»—
\\at-r stocks— Al Pack Assn. — 119 3 i
Contra Costa.. 74*j 75 M<?r Xx A s?n.. — if*,
Marin Cnuntv. W> - Oceanic S Co. J3 94U
Spring Valley.. 954 » Pac a F A.... -' . -
Gas & Elect! lc— Pac f »*T —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 19 —
Morning Session,
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 74 50
10 Contra Costa Water 74 62Vi
5 Contra Costa Water 74 75
125 Equitable Gas 4 25
150 Hana Plantation Co '8 25
20 Hana Plantation Co 8 37>i
100 Hpnokaa S Co 29 25
50 Honokaa S Co i 3 12^i
150 Honokaa S Co 2D 00
60 Honokaa. S Co ...2SS7S
10 Hutchlnson S P Co :6flO.
25 Kllauea S P Co 13 00
10 Makawell 4.1 M
in S F Gas & Electric Co 50 Z0
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 5 50 50
100 S V Water 9S 50
200 VlKorit Powder 2 25
Street—
100 Hana Plantation Co S 25
100 Nevada National Bank ISS 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Anaconda &>
50 Yukon 1 35
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Caribou 95
100 Home Oil '.: • 3 70
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Buard yesterday:
Morning Session
500 Andes 0« 400 Ophir 5$
100 Caledonia »! 500 Sierra Nevada. 36
600 Chollar 29 400 St Louis 10
400 Con Cal & Va..l 35j 400 Union Con 24
350 Crown Point.... OS 100 Yellow Jacket.. 17
600 Mexican 23'
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morntner Session
300 Belcher 22. 30© Ophlr "65
200 Best * Belcher 37 300 Overman M
200 Choi la r 24 600 Potosl 27
150 Con Cal &. Va..l 35 200 Potosl 2S
150 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Sitrra Nevada, id
200 Con Cal & V.I 42^ 600 Sierra Nevada. 37
150 Con Cal & Va..l 45 1700 Sierra Nevada. 3*
1000 Justice 07 200 Union Con 28
200 Mexican 2?
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. Feb. 17-12 m.
Alpha 02 03 Kentuck — 02
Alta — C 2 Lady wash 02 —
Andes fc"> Cfi'Mexlcan 23 25
Belcher *21 22|Occldental 11 13
Best & Belcher 36 37 Ophir 53 59
Bullion 03 C 4 Overman 09 10
Caledonia 39 40jPoto«l 27 2S
Chollar .....' 20 21;SavaKe 12 13
Challenge Con.. IS 20,Scorplon 02 -.
Confidence — "5 Seg Belcher ... 01 02
Con CaJ & Va..l 49 1 4S ! Slerra Nevada. J7 31
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04 St Louis 00 —
Crown Point 07 0* Standard 2502 75
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 15 16 Union. Con 28 27
Hale& Norc... 3D 31 Utah C 6 08
Julia - OSiYellow Jacket. 17 IS
justice .' r < °8
L. Wl JH Wi lli Wl (H XV
24 ... »:1S 3.2 i 8:03| 5.3; 1:31] <>.2 : S:Z2\ 4.S
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the ear'-v morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the d»y, the third time column the third tidw
and th* l*"t or rtsht hand column gives ths
last tide of the dar. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur*. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th*»
United States Coast Survey chart?, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
ar.d then the number given Is subtracted from,
the deDth given by the chart* The plane ot
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« Butter
market was steady; creamery, 19024 c; dairy,
195 22 c. Cheese, steady; 12813 c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 13c.
Pullman Palace Car 187tf
...... Standard Rope & Twine 8
13,640 Bugar • 112V4
Sugar prefd 113
712 Tennessee Coal & Iron »SH
2,655 United States Leather I«>4
690 United States Leather prefd 15%
425 United States Rubber ...; 32%
225 United States Rubber prefd 94Vi
808 Western Union 84
I.IJO Republic Iron & Steel 24
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 68*4
C C C & St Louis 68
177,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s r«g 102H.N T Cent l«t» 110
do 3s 109H N J Cent K«n 6«....m
<Jo 3s coup IMHINO Carolina, 6i....127
do new 4s reg....134U1 do 4a ..'.... 10S
do coup . 134*4 No Pae Ss «« l j
do old 4s rejr JI4H do 4» 103%
do old 4s c0up... .115'* N T C & St L. 4b. 108
do 5« re* 112*4 Norf A W con 4«.. »4H
<Jo coup 1127^ do (ten 6s U0 .
DU or Col J.653....US Or Nay lsts ........110
Atchinon gen 4»....i00\| do 4s lOi
do aflj 4s ?2>i Or S Lin* «s 127>4
Can So 2d§ 10?% do con 6a •....-.. ..114H
Ches & Ohio 4H»-. ?SH Reading psn 4s 85
do 5s 119H R O W lsts ........ BT4
C A NW con 75. ...141 Pt L, & I M con 65. 111%
do B F deb BsNN'I2OH;Bt It A S F gen eß.l22<i
Chi Term 4s 92V4 St Paul cons 187H
D & R O lsts IOSU^St P C & Pac ltti.H9H
do 4a 98^1 do f>a 1204
ETVii Oa lsts..lslH!So Ry os 108>4
Erie gfn 4s 70HIS Rope & T 6s 77V»
Ft W A Den C lsts TlH'Tenn new set 55.... 94H
Gen Klec 5s 11l |Tex & Pac lsts....llSH
G H & S A 6s 107 1 do 2ds 54
do 2ds 107 Union Pac 45\ :..::. 10+H
H & T Css 110 Wabash lsts 11T4
do con 6s 110 do 2ds 9814
lowa Cent lsts 113 IWest Shore 4s 114
X C P & G lsts.... 71« i Wls Cent l»t» 91*
La new con 4s 10«>vVa cent «S>4
L, & Nash unl <>¦... 99>i! do deferred 5
M X & T 2ds. 6V, Colo & Sou 4s 84
do 4» 91>i So Pae 4s SS\
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15, Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 15 Ophlr '60
Con Cai & Va 1 30 Plymouth 14
Deadwood 55 Quicksilver 175
Gould & Curry 10i do prefd 7 50
Hale & Noreross.. 23 Sierra Nevada .... 43
Homestake 30 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 63 I'nlon Con 20
Mexican 20.Tellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — West End prefd 112
Call loans 3>t«T7i Wesi'h'se Xl prefd. 61
Time loans 4 . @o| Wisconsin Cent I'M
Btocks— Coal 41V»
A T & S F L'O'ijDom oal prefd 117
A T & S F prefd... 63 Bonds-
American Sugar... 1124 Atchlson 4«. 99
Am Sugar prefd 112'.* | Mining- Shares-
Bell Telephone 336 j\d venture 5
Boston Elevated. ..l2ll 2 |Allouez Mng Co 3
Boston & Maine 198 Atlantic 23
C B * Qulncy 124^ Boston A Montana. 276
Ed Elec 111 203 ißutte & 805t0n.... 66
Fttchburß prefd. ...l2l l t|Calumet & Hecla..76J
Gen Electric 127U Centennial IS
fien Elec prefd 138 Franklin 15
Federal. Steel H4 Humboldt 60
Fed Steel prefd 74 O«ceola 75
Mexican Central... 12»i Parrot 44H
Old Colony 205 Qulncy 140 •
Old Dominion 19H t-anta Fe Copper... 64
Rubber 32Vj Tamarack 192
Union Pacific 49^ Wlnona 8
Union Land «H Wolverines 414
West End 92V4 Utah 30
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Shipment of $169,233 to China.
Bank Clearings gaining again.
Stocks and Bonds quiet.
Wheat futures xveaker. Barley quiet and steady.
Oats, Com and Rye unchanged and dull.
Bran lower. Rain needed in southern Hay districts.
Bccns and Seeds neglected.
Potatoes and Onions zveak and quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and zveak.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry due on Tuesday.
Larger receipts of Oranges expected.
Provisions as pretiausly quoted. . - j
Hides weak and quiet. '
Ko further change in the Meat market.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 17.
Flour, qrsks 97,157 Sugar, bbls 250
Wheat, ctls 6. 430 Leather, rolls .... 146
Barley, ctls 1.300 Hides, No 640
Oats, ctls 300 Pelts, bndls 2to
Butter, ctls 278 Lime, r.bls 152
Cheese, ctls 57 Wine, eais 67,700
Potatoes, sks .... 1.025 Eggs, doz 11.300
Onions, sks 40 Quicksilver. fl»ks 40
Bran, sks 3731 Hay. tons 457
Middlings, sks ... 4M;Straw. tons 5
Sugar, sks 725 Wool, bags 11
OREGON.
Flour, qr skff...\. 2,002 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 9.915 Hops, bales 14
Bran.'fks 3.400.
# ZH!IZIL__ __ ?
THE STOCK MARKET.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
GCCc; prim*, «Viff«tte; choice, 7@7'ic; fancy, 8®
rue." ¦ ' '
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNESS-3H«70 per
pound. ¦ - ¦ . . ' .
APRICOTS— Royal. ia©lsc; Moorpark, 18©lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 11®22c: unpeeled, 7H@9c
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The Financier says:
The yurplus reserve of the New York Clear
ing Hou*e banks was reduced $3, 551, 900 ' last
week, owing to a. loss of $2,324,200 to the Treas
ury and the interior and to the increased re
serve requirements necessitated by a rise of
$6,231,200 in deposits. The statement was about
In line with what the week's operations had
foreshadowed, so far as cash changes were
concerned, but the rain of 513,684,200 In loans,
following the unprecedented Increase of $21,
000,000 for the week previous, attracted some
attention. It is conceded that the expansion
in loans reported February 10 was dv« In part
to borrowings from comm«rlcal sources, an
unusually large number of banks having par
ticipated in the movement. The currency state
ment, however, when subjected to closer anal
ysis, reveals the fact that the new loans were
maiie by a few of the more prominent banks,
ona institution alone accounting for nearly
half the gain. The significant fact In connec
tion with the statement is the stoppage of in
tertcr receipts and the resumption of payments
In the Treasury. So far from gaining money
from the Interior, the New York banks la»t
week actually shipped considerable funds to
other cities, and the Treasury losses amounted
to over one and one-half millions. This Is
likely to be a continuing process, and with the
added bufden of carrying larger commitments,
due to current business demands, the inference
is that the banks' surplus will be drawn up
materially before spring,. Money rates, of
course, will be dependent on the extent of these
calls, but a market, it is conceded, must fol
low unless the movements of money are at
variance with known facts. Last year at this
period the surplus reserves of the banks had
already begun to decline and the fail did not
stop until In April, when the lo*s ot excess
reserves amounted to twenty millions. Over a
third of this sum had been absorbed In caring
for Increased deposits and the trend of banking
now seems to be following closely the same
lines.
Cash. in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance. $294,357,?02; gold re
serve, $222,6«3,642. ¦¦
London Market
NEW TORK, Feb. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Th" wires were still Interrupted to-day and
htnee little business waa done In the market
here to-day. The tone was nrm, although
Cronje's escape, with all his artillery, waa dis
liked. The hank bought £23.000 In gold In Ger
man coin. Call money was in fair demand and
fixtures were strong. Bills were Idle. The dis
count rate would have been 3H but for yester
day's gold shipment.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 17.— Canadian Pacific. 101;
Union Pacific preferred. 75%: Northern Pacific
preferred. 76V 4 : Atchlson, 31%; Grand Trunk,
i%: Anarond,a, 9V«.
Bar sliver, quiet; 27»id per ounce.
specie Movement at t^Qeiv York
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— Exports of gold and
silver from' the pert of New York to all coun
trie«" for this week aggregate $733,870 silver bars
and coin and $281,557 gold. The Imports of spe
cie this week were $11,017 gold and $35.029 sil
ver. Imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York this week were 110,902,773.
New York Grain and Produce.
# ?
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— FLOUR-Recelpts. 11.
190 bushels;' exports, 54«4; market' dull, but
fairly steady; winter patents, $3 60@3 85; winter
etraightfl, $3 40^3 IS; Minnesota patents, $3 ttS@
4 15; winter extras, $3 60.fi 8 f'o; Minnesota bak
er*'. $2 90©2 05; winter low grades. $2 25®2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62,400 bushels; exports,
56.529. Spot market easy; No. 2 red, 75Hc ele
vator; No. 2 red, 78Hc f. o. b. afloat In store;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, $o*ic f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options opened easy on account of
lower cables, moderate liquidation, foreign sett
ing and reports of snow in the West. Later
they held steady with Corn. The market closed
steady at >i®tie net decline. March 76>ic, closed
76Hc; May 74 11-IS©74 18-l*c, closed 7l")4c; June
and July 74 7-16 / ?74Hc, closed 74Hc; September
744!ff74»;c. closed 74Hc
WOOL— Steady; Domestic Fleece, 21&26 c;
Texae. 15«f20c.
HIDES— Firm; Galveston, 20' to 25 pounds.
19Vic: Texas dry. 24 to 30 pounds. 15c: Califor
nia. 21 to 15 oounds. 21 He.
HOPS— Quiet; Pacific Coast. 1596 crop, 4@6e;
1898 crop. 7<fi9c: UP9 crop, 12013 c. • ,
LEATHER— Firm: Hemlock, sole, Buenos
Ayres, light to heavy weights, 23@25iic; acid,
25182540.
COFFEE— Futures closed, rjulet at a net de
cline of imij points. Total sales, 8750 bags, in
cluding; March. J7 15®7 20; May. $7 25; August,
$7 35- September, $7 S3CT7 40; October, $7 45; De
cember. $7 £0. Spot Coffee— Rio, barely steady;
No. 7 invoice, 8 U-16c; No. 7 jobbing, 9 3-16 c.
Mtld-Steady: Cordova, 10@13Vie.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; Fair Refining, 4c;
Centrifugal. ?6 test. 4 7-16 c: Molasses Sugar.
3 13-160. Refined, steady, but quiet; No. J 6,
4 7Cc- No. 7, 4.65 c: No. 8, 4.60 c; No. 9. 4.65 c: No.
10 4.5C0: No. U. 4.55 c: No. 12, 4.40 c: No. 13. 4.40 c;
No 14,. 4.40 c; i Mold A. 5.45 c; Standard A. sc;
Confectioners' A, 6c; Cut Loaf, 5.60 c: Crushed,
5.60 c; Powdered, 5.30 c; Granulated, 6.20 c; Cubes,
BUTTER— Receipts. 2733 packages: market
dull and weak. June creamery, 19<323c ; West
ern creamery. 21£25 c; factory. 16019 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 94C9 packages; market
steady. Western at mark. 15e; Southern, 14®
li«ic at mark. ' .
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The market for Evap
orated Apples ruled quiet and steady; Califor
nia Dried Fruits, dull and featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-rCoinmon,
Associated Banks' Statement.
Foreign' Futures.
Articles— Receipts. ' Shipments.
Flour, barrels 38.000 40.000
Wheat, bushels 18.000 7,0«0
Corn, bushels 449,000 221.000
Oats, bushels 227,000 150.000
Rye. bushels 9.000 6.000
Ba.rley, bushels 5,000 13.000
SUNDAY. FEBRIART IS.
Sun rises * : 5*
Sun »fts 5:53
Moon ilses 9:53 p. m.
Chicago Grain Market.
GREATESTSALEOFTBEYEAR!
SIXTEEN ROYALLY" BRED
racehorses;
In full training from
BITTER ROOT STOCK FARM. Montana,
Property of Marcus Daly. Esq., will be sold at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
TUESDAY. EVENING. Feb. 20, 1900.
At 8 o'clock sharp.
Remember there Is no reserve, and the fol-
lowing must be sold: Scntclj Belle. Burdock.
Bonitary. Cushion. Chaste, Harry <'orby, Im-
modell. Malapert. Montana Chieftain, Th*
Gafflr, Time Center. Too Hot. Lllagon, Ward-
man. Salvera anil Shaft.
Horses will be In Section "P." Inglesld*
track, until Monday, then they will be taken
to salesyard.
Major S and several other noted racehorse*
will also be sold during the evening.
WM. O. UAYNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready.
AUCTION.
AUCTION AUCTION
TUESDAY, February 20th,
At U O'clock A.» M..
ON PREMISES. 61S-518 "WASHINGTON ST..
GOVERNMENT SUPPLIES,
Consisting of 2000 Tents; SCOO Curtains and
Nets; SOCO Duck and Drill Mattress Covers: IiXKJ
Sleeping Bags; MOO Pillows; 40C0 Shelter Tents:
500 German Silver Band Instruments. Bass arui
Soare Drums; 100 Filters: 500 Galvanized Water
Contractors, Klondikers. resort keepers,
campers, hotels, steamboats, satlmakers. t«nt
and awning makers, attention called to this
sale. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRASTCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. |2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, .$3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4(34 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50: Whole . Wheat Flour. $3 80;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®7 25; in sacks. $5 75©
7; Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas.
$5 (0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
. The only thing new in Hay is the report from
Hollister that unless rain comes very soon the
late sown crop will suffer. This ia rather sur
prising new* to the trade, as nobody expected
any comolrfint* ot dry weather this winter.
Bran ik aeftln lower under liberal arrivals.
BRAN— fl2@l3"per ton.
MIDDLINUS— SI7®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15®17 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26(5*7; Jobbing,
$27 £0f 28; Cocoanut Cake, $20«21: Corn Meal.
K3®23 50; Cmcked Corn, $23 EO#24; Mixed Feed.
$14 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
. HAY— Wheat, $6 Eo®B E0 tor common to good
and $*¦ for cholie; Wheat and Oat, $6 50@s 50;
Oat, $668; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, }6Q7 50 per
ton. . •
STRAW— 2SS4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing going on in cither Beans or
Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 35; small White, $3 2C
Qi 35; large White, $2 WffS 10; Pinks. $2 &0Q
t ti; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye.. $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 lo@s 25; Pea, $3 20jJ3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 50®4.
SEEDS — Brcwn* Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 &o@2 20; Canary.
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, B@9c; Rape, 21503 c; Hemp, 4g4^c;
Timothy. 4@4^c.
DRIED PEAS-NUes. $1 50@l 90; Green. $1 75
©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions continue quiet and weak.
There Is nothing new in Vegetables.
' POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85<ff95c; River Reds,
7?>tf£sc: Burbanks. Co@7sc per sack: Oregon
Burbanks, 75c© Jl 10; Sweet Potatoes. $1 70®
1 80 for Merced and $1 25 for River; New Pota
toes. Sc.
ONIONS— SI 7592 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 t>er
dozen: Rhubarb. 7@l2Hc per lb: Asparagus.
10®20e; Green Peas. 2(g3M;C per lb for Los An
geles and sc-for Alameda; String Beans, "(glOc;
Cabbage. 40tS5Oc; Los Angeles Tomatoes.
$I®l 50; Egg Plant from Los Angeles lOfflac;
Dried Okra, HHc per lb; Garlic, sc; Green
Peppers from L<js Angeles, 3Q5c; Dried Pep
perfc. SClOc: Carrots. i>y3Aoc v-x »«ck: Los An
geles Summer Squash. $I@l 50 per box; Mar
rowlat exiuash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern are announced for
Tuesday. Game Is quiet, and prices show lit
tle chance. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lie for Gobblers
and 12©13 c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12® 16c;
Geese, per pair. $1 75-82; Goslings, $1 75@2;
Ducks, $4@5 tor old and MSJS for young; Hens.
$4@5; Young Roosters, $5@5 50; Old Roosters,
UZH 50: Fryers, $4 Mfca; Broilers, $44*5 for large
And $304 for small: Pigeons,. $1 25gl 50 per
dozen for nld an<l $2 .vvjs for squabs.
GAME— Quail. 11(81 25. Mallard. $3iSr4 50: Can
vasback. $2(34; Sprig, $2*32 75; Teal. $1 75t}2:
Widgeon, $1 50g2; Small Duck, $1; Hare. 75c#
$1 25; Rabbits. $1 25®1 50: Gray Geese, «@3 6";
White, $1 25; Brant, $1 50Q2; Honkers. $<; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50g3 per dozen: Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues weak and dull, and sellers
are pressing the market to reduce their hold-
Ings. There Is no change in Egg» and Cheese,
but both are weak.
.BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23t?23V*c; seconds,
22622HC
Dairy— Fancy, 20g21c; good to choice, 18®19c;
common, 15igi7c.
CHEESE-Choice mild new, 10c: old, 9<*c;
Young America, 10© lie; Eastern, \h\iffltc;
Wejtern. 13H«715c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 15@16c
per dozen fur ranch. Eastern — Cold storage,
12H»14c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts' of a dozen cars of Oranges are ex
pected to-morrow, half of which will be of
fered at auction. Spot stocks are not heavy,
but the demand is not very brisk.
Watsonvills Strawberries sold at $7®B per
chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—SOSTOc per box for common, 75c$H
for srood to choice, and $1 2Sittl {0 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 5052 73
per box: Seedlings. 75cig$l 50; Pomelos. 75c#
2 50; Lemons. $181 50 for- common and $2@2 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $5©5 50: Cal
ifornia Limes. 23@b0c: Bananas, $1 25if2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 60@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. '414 c for
40-50' s, 4<34*4c for 60-60' s. 3H« for «0-70* ii. «4c
for 70-80's. Sc for SO-90's and 2%e for »0-100's;
Apricots. ll@lSc for Royals,' 12%016c for Moor
parks and 120140 for Blenheims; Peaches, IHO
«c for Standards. 6^®6»ic for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10©12Hc; Evapo
rated Apples, ,6@7c: Sun-dried. s{?sVic per lb:
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears. 3H®4V4c for dark and
768 - for bright halves; . Ulack Figs, 2fJ"^c:
White Figs. 2f?3c: Bleached Plums. B@i»c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@7Hc for pitted and 14c for
unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc: prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's.' per' lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice. 7^c: standard. «>4ic;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; S-.edless.
60-lb beses. Be: 2-crcwn. loose muscatels. 5Hc:
3-crown. 614 c: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Ouster*. $2: Dehesa, $2 W: Imperial, 13. All
prices are f. 0. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. B®9c; Walnuts, B@Dc for
standards and 9@loc for softshell: Almonds.
11UO12C for paper shell. 9©loc for soft and 4@
6c for hardshell: Peanuts. .V»i<fHS%c f"r Kastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7H#Bc; Fil
berts, 12@12V4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
HONET-Comb. HH«?l2c for bright and WHO
lie for JUht amber: water white extracted
7%c: light amber extracted. 7Vi©7V4c; dark, 5H©
6c rer lb.
BEESWAX— ?4@2«C per lb.
Provisions.
The market stands about the sam*. both aa to
prices and volume of business. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. »%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for light. IJc
for extra light and 13ftc for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13®13Hc; California
Hams nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl 5 extra
Mess. $13. Family, H4; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear. $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%fi7c per lb for
compound and Sc tefr pure: half-barrels, pure.
SVic; 10-lb tins. »%c: s*lb tins, »c.
cdTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%6SHc per lb; 10-lb
tlnb, Sttc. . ¦¦ ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head are un
changed. Hides are weak at the recent de
cline.
HIDES "AND SKINS-Culls ana brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
10H®11V4c: medium. 9'/4eiO'/4c: light, ifcc:
Cowhides.. 9%«'loHc: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. i%qfi
IOViC Cnlf 9V-®lOHc: Dry Hld«s, sound. We;
culls' and brands. 16©lRc: Dry Kip. and Veal,
17c- Dry Calf. 19ff2Pc; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20
flidc ea'h: ehort Wool. 35g60e each; medium,
MMc: long Wool. $l@U5 each; Horse Hides.
$275©3 for large and .jc©sl 2j for small, Colu.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2.
4c; refined. «V4c; grease. 2H»3c.
Fall clip &ari Jcaquln plains, 9jnoc: South
ern 8©10 c'; Middle County. 11013 c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17f?20c:. Eastern Oregon. 13«16c;
Valley Oregon. 18@20c: Northern Mountain,
free, 11® 14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10©
lie per lb. '
HOPS— 7®llc per lb.
. San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef, Mutton and Veal are firm at the ad
vanced prices- Hogs continue in light supply
and firm. . ' ' .
BEEF— 6'*®7Uc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B<9loc per lb. . •
MUTTON— Wethers, SQSVic; ewes. ~%c per lb
L^MB-Spring. 12Hc: yearlings, 9510 c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogi. ;%c for Fmall. sT*c tor me
dium and sUSs'ac for large: stock Hogs and
leeders. iHSS'/ic: dressed Hogs. i@SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6>,iW4c: Wool Bags, 28H@324c;
Fleece \Twine. 7Hc
COAL— Wellington, ' $S per. ton; new Welling
ton |B;\Sotithfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle,
$7; Bryant. "$7; Coos Bay. $s 50: Wallsend, »$;
Co-operative Walleend. ?*: Scotch,— -; Cunj.
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Esq. $13; Cann«|. $n ptT
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and 117 In racks. .
SUGAR-^The Western guitar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In ~10«-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Cru*hed. 5Hc; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated. sic: Dry Gran
ulated, 614 c;6 l 4c; Confectioners' A. iiic; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4Hc: Golden C.4Hc; barrels.
l-l(a more; half -bai rels. >*c more; boxes, Ho
more: 60-lb bags. He more. No ordera taken
for less than 75 - barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels, 5!4c; boxes. 6Vho per lb.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— With Liverpool , and
Partg loVer, Northwest receipts liberal and
world's shipments expected to »how an increase
Monday. May wheat started the day He under
yesterday at -68*»c. Some covering by shorts
early sent the price to 68H®^8Hc but this waa
lost. The seaboard reported only . ten loads
taken for export. It was reported that the Ar
gentine plague had been stamped out. The
cash demand was slack and speculative trade
small. May eased oft to 68Uc, where the mar
ket held for sonic time, with some outside de
mand for May. The local talent' waa bearish,
however, and the clo«e was weak, May U<g%c
under yesterday at eS^sSSS^c.
Corn opened easy, had a spasm of firmness
and. then relapsed into its original state. Sym
pathy with wheat, a bit more liberality in
country offerings, lower cables and some pro
fit-taking by longs were influences. May closed
a shade under yesterday at 34%@34%c. .
Oats were easy with corn. The market was
•mall. .May closed Uc down at 23-% c. Ther*
was some buying by shorts. Provisions were
dull, and the price suffered a little in conse
quence. The feature wa» quietness of specula
tion. There was no noteworthy trade. May
pork closed 24©5 c under yesterday; May lard
closed a. shade down, and May ribs closed 3Hc
lower. '.-..•
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Times and Heights of High and Lo-or
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Publlshe-l by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hUh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Potnt;
the height of tide- is the same at both places.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »— •
February , 66tf
May «SH «V 4 S7<* ' 6814
July 63 69 6&K 6STi
Corn No. 2—
February '¦ ••••' 33
May 34% 36 • 34H 34H
July 38% K.i 35 85
May!* ,!!?.'..... 23% 23' i 23S 23H
July 22% . 2JT. 22V4 22« i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May : 10 »2H •10 M 10 90 10 92<*
July..., ........10 974 10 97^ 10 95 10 95
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May- 6 07^4 «W% «06 60S
July 615 615 6UK 6 124
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May «00 6 024 800 «CO
July 800 6 0214 600 600
CpFh quotations were as follows:. Flour, dull;
winter patent*. $3»W3 70; straits, $3 10®3 40;
clears $2 90 Jf 3 10; spring specials. $3 9004; pat
ents, $3 20#3 56: ftralts, $2 600-3: bakers', $2 1(1®
2 60; No. t spring wheat, 63«4@65Hc: No. 2 red.
70Vi@71*ic: No. 2 corn. 33Hc; No. 2 oats, 23V4®
2S«tc; No. 2 white. 2«o: No. I white. 23% c: No.
2 barley 39ff43c; No. 1 flax seed, ft 60; prime
timothy seed, $2 5002 62i4r mess pork, per bbl.
$9 95510 90; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 80^5 924: short
rib sides, (loose). $S 9056 13: dray raited shoul
ders (boxed), 6\i@6Hc; short clear sides
(boxed), $6 0508 15; whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gal, $1 23tt; sugars, cut loaf. 6.0& c;
granulated. 6.4Jc.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 10% 8 10 6 10v;
Closing 8 10H ¦ 8 10- 6 10*
' PARIS. •
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 80 20 21 20
Closing '
Flour— •
Opening M 40 17 70
Clcslng ....... .¦
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— CATTLE— Steady; good
to choice, »5(?6; poor to medium, J4g4 80; mixed
stockers. {3 1563 76; selected feeders, $464 75;
good to choice cow*, ?3 25'n'4 40: heifers. ' $3 15®
4 75; canners. $2 Is'(j2 90; bulls, $2 7S@4 40; calves.
JO'S 7 85: fed Texas beeves, 14^5.
HOGS^-Were strong to a shade higher. Top,
$5 05; mixed and butchers', $4SQ@6 02Vi; good to
choice heavy, $190(35 05; rough heavy, $4 75®
455; light. $4 70@4S2H: bulk of sales. $4 85®
4 95. ¦ ¦ •• ¦¦ • --- ¦ . ... -- •¦-
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Steady; native weth
ers J4 75(35 60, lambs $5Q7; Western wether*
f 4 Tf"9r, 60. lambs $5 75®« SO.
Receipts to-day— Cattle, 100; Hogs. 20,000;
Sheep, 15.000. Receipts this week— Cattle, 51,000;
Hogs, 196,600; Sheep, 65.800.
¦New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Feb. i". — The brokers' price for
lead Is J4 45 and -for copper $16 25.
I^ONDON, Feb. 17, — The arrivals of wool for
the second' aeries -of auction sales amount to
138,726 bales, including 46,000 forwarded direct.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. ll.— Consols, 100T4: Silver.
27'4d; French Rentes, IOOf 70c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothinar doing; cargoes on passage,
rather easier, Jd lower.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 17.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Tarls, dull; flour In Paris, dull.
GLOBING.
LIVERPOOL. Feb, 17.— WHEAT— Spot, dull;
No. 2 red Western winter stocks exhausted;
No. 1 Northern spring, 6s lHd; No. 1 Califor
nia, «» 4Wde«s sd.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed, new,
3s S?id; American mixed. 3» 9^d: futures, quiet;
February, 3s 8?4d: March. »t-84d: May. 3s 7!, d.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), dull. £2 10s
@£4.
Portland's Business.
POnTLANP. Feb. 17.— Clearings, $229,941;
balances, $71,7.V>.
Northern Wheat Market.
¦ OREGON.
PORTI^AND, Feb. 17, — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 53c; Valley. 53c; Blue Stem, 561157 c.
WASHINGTON. ,
TACOMA, Feb. 17.— WHEAT (Export)-CTub,
63He: Blue Stem, 65Hc
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. February 17.
Stmr ¦ Sequoia, Timing. 42 hours from Saa
Strnr Noyo, Johnson. 15 hours fm Fort Bragg.
Stmr Aberdeen. Higslns. 92 hours frjsi Ta-
Stmr Robert Collar. Ellefsen. 5 (Says from
Grays Harbor. In tow of tug Traveler.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, 24 hour* from
Stmr* South Portland. Hall. 102 hour* from
Oyster Harbor. '-
Tug Traveler. Reed. 5 days from Gray* Har
bor, with stmr Robert Dollar in tow.
Schr Anita. Funck*. 4 days from Saa Dleex
CLEARED.
Saturday. February 17.
Stmr City of Kto de Janeiro, Ward. Hongkong
and Yokohama; P M S S Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Chaa Nei
* Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle; E T Kru<w.
Stmr Pomona. Alexander. San Diego: Goodall.
Perkins Jt Co
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.; Good&lX.
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, February IT.
U S stmr Sherman. Grant. Manila.
Br stmr Wellington, Chemaiaas.
Stmr Sequoia. Ihwlng. Fort Brag?.
Stmr CoquiUe River. Thompson. Graya Hax
bor.
Stmr Albion, Ericsson.
Stmr Alice Blancharrt. Jessen. O»» Bay.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Ptmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. ¦_..¦' ¦ j.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward. Hongkontf
and Yokohama.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. San Pedra.
Tub Samson. Stream, Grays Harbor.
Br ship Koby. Jones. Queenstowo.
Bark Martha Davis. McAlman, Hllo» -
Barge Washtunoa, Merrlman, Oray» Hartot^
Schr S T Alexander. Ipsen. Puget Banna.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 17. 10 p n»— Weat2i«»
thick; wind SW; velocity S miles.
SPOKEN.
No (Sate— « 23 N 125 33 W. bark Cbirph«a«,
from Oyster Harbor for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The ship Henry B Hyde, prarloaaly wportei
having put Into Valparaiso, sailed again Fet>
11 for Honolulu after discharging and reload
lnr I*oo or .1700 tons coal.
The schr Bertie Minor, which arrived at Eu
reka, to-day from Honolulu reports that on Fab
14 in lat 40 33 N. lon* 131 15 W. saw a bar*
supposed to be th« bark 8 C Allan, from Hono
lU The f< tu/Lottirbrok»°her shaft off Arch Rock
thl» afternoon and waa towed to Meier* wbut
by the U 3 Quarantine stmr Oeo it Sternberg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— SaiIed Feb 17— Stmr Fulton.
PORT BLAKELBY-Salled Feb K-Bchr Mo
ri c6OS r |AT-Amred W» IT-Stmr A**U. ha
Sailed Feb 14-flchr Jjaar, tar BaU
P !?\li PEDRO— Sailed Teb tV-Sdw Aaal* L**«
'TEArTLE^rrtTed Fe> tWtear T«aa«.
»-Btmr WUJjuarttt, tar Eaa
CTTT-SaUed Feb 1« at t T> nw
Stmr Crescent City, for 3an Franeiaoo.
SAN DIEGO-Sallod Feb 17— U S stmr Adama.
SAN' PEDRO-Salled Feb 17-Barlc Oakland.
USAL-Arrtved Feb XT-Schx Barbara Ham.
'GRA^HARBOR-Arrtr^ F,l> JT-flchr A*a<
l "saUe?F«^-S*^K«wb B ». for Baa P*tro,
"cOot'BA^-Am^ed-F.b 17-flcnr W«t«|
?£sB^£imga svb 17-acnr B«tt« 10.
COOS BAT— Sailed Feb 17— Btmr Emptx* tot
B c n c^Ui n LLE°*KIVER-ArrlT*l *.. O-Hb»
"PORT r TOWNSENT££rtr«I M llMttma
°FORT n'osslSuedV.b »-**r Marr C. ft*
F.b IT-Schr Moater**
be ASTORI > A-Arrlved Feb 17-Br stmr St ' Irene*
from Tacoma; Br bark Kinfauns. from Hono*
'"Silled Feb 17— Stmr Stat» ef California, to*
Si EUR r EKA-Arrived Feb 17-Schr J <X WaSi
k'saHedVeb 17— Stmr Wesjport. for Saa rraa»
Cl ll P \N DlEGO— Arrived Feb 17-Schr BwthJ
Dolbeer. from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAGOA BAT— Sailed prior to Feb IT— Hat
ship John Ena. for Newcastle. NSW.
HONGKONG-^Salled Jan 7— Shi© John M»
Donald, for Honolulu.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 3<V-Haw stmr Barra»
couta. from Champerico. and sailed Feb 3 fo*
?OKOHAMA— Arrived Feb I*— Br stmr Km*
press of Jaoan. from Vancouver.
NAN A IMO- Arrived Feb IS- Haw atar Saj
Mateo, from Port Lou Angeles, and «all*d F*l
17 for Port Los An*eles.
OCEAN STE-\MER3.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr La Ch&a*
pagne. from New Tork.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. If.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cat..
February IT. . 1900.
The time b3ll on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
l. c.. at noon of the 110 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p m., Greenwich Una*. ..
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 3. X.. In charite.
United States Gout and Geodetic Surrey-
31
N
Steamer. I From. Due.
Coos Bay iNewport.. Feb. Ik
E Thompson... jOyster Harbor Feb. 18
State ol cai ifortland |Feb. l*
TWlu!< 'Oyster Harbor.... IFeb. 1J
Empire ICoos Bay |Feb. 19
Corona San Diego Feb. V)
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. JO
Crescent City.: Crescent City... Feb. 20
Homer Portland : Feb. 20
Peru ? [Panama Feb. 29
Willamette (Seattle Feb. 20
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound F«b. 11
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. SI
Orizeba Humboldt Feb. 21
Aldha Crescent City Feb. 21
Bonita Newport... Feb. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 22
North Fork Humboldt..... Feb. 23
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Feb. 23
Columbia |Portland Feb. 24
Pomona |Ban Dieso Feb. 34
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 24
America Maru.. China and Japan Feb. 24
Queen . . - Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 26
Steamer. ueßiiuonuu. >""«. I rmr,
. [«• — ¦' ¦ I ¦ ¦ [ — — —— i
Pomona ....dan Diego Feb. IS. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Feb. IS. Bam Pier 3
Oriiaba ...|Humboldt Feb. IS. 2pm Plir S
CJtyof ParaiFnnatna iFeh. 1». J» mIPMSS
Tlllainook ..'Tlllamook |Fet>. 19, 10 am|Pler 2
Walla W'a. Vie A: Pgt Sd. Feb. it>. loam Pier ••
C<x» Bay... Newport Feb. 10. »am Pier 11
g amO a Humboldt Feb. ». 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Puget Sound.. I Feb. 20. spm Pier 2
Alameda ... Sydney |Feb. :i. Bpm Pier 7
State of Caii^orlland 'Feb. «, lv nm.f\»r 2*
Corona ISan D.lefto IFeb. T2. H ami Pier 11
Ar«'.it.i ICoos Bay IFeb. 22. 10 am I Pier 13
Homer .".... Oregon Ports. Feb. 22. 10 am Pier W
Fan Pedro.. Hgmboldt Feb. 12, 4pm Pier IS
Aj cna , Crescent City. Feb. 22. 4pm Pier 2
Bonlta . iSan Pedro Feb. 24. 9am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 24. ' 2 pmtPler 2
City Puebla Vie & Put i?tl. Feb. 25. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland IFeb. 27. 10am|Pler;4,
!Tinjn| Time
\— Ft. Ft. j
E
Imf'
I Wl
F
Time;
Ft.
1- wi
IS ...
19 ...
20 ...
21 ...
22 ...
23 ...
[ r » r
. 1:42 5.1 7:44 15
. J:0S 5.2 3:29 1.3
. 2:35 5.2 9:21 12
. 3:10 5.2! 10:22 l.ll
. 3:5oi 5.31 11 :» 0.8!
. 4:551 5.2 12:321 0.5!
7m
4:i:
5:30
«:5i;
8:i»-
4.*-
4.01
3.:i
3.«:
3.«:
3.9i.
?::>•: 1.1
.vOl M
*:»V 2.S
»:CJ' 2.»
10:i3' 3.2
Steamer. I From. Due.
Coos Bay iNewport.. Feb. Ik
E Thompson... jOyster Harbor Feb. 18
State ol cai ifortland |Feb. l*
TWlu!< 'Oyster Harbor.... IFeb. 1J
Empire ICoos Bay |Feb. 19
Corona San Diego Feb. V)
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. JO
Crescent City.: Crescent City... Feb. 20
Homer Portland : Feb. 20
Peru ? [Panama Feb. 29
Willamette (Seattle Feb. 20
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound F«b. 11
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. SI
Orizeba Humboldt Feb. 21
Aldha Crescent City Feb. 21
Bonita Newport... Feb. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 22
North Fork Humboldt..... Feb. 23
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Feb. 23
Columbia |Portland Feb. 24
Pomona |Ban Dieso Feb. 34
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 24
America Maru.. China and Japan Feb. 24
Queen . . - Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 26
Steamer. ueßiiuonuu. >""«. I rmr,
. [«• — ¦' ¦ I ¦ ¦ [ — — —— i
Pomona ....dan Diego Feb. IS. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Feb. IS. Bam Pier 3
Oriiaba ...|Humboldt Feb. IS. 2pm Plir S
CJtyof ParaiFnnatna iFeh. 1». J» mIPMSS
Tlllainook ..'Tlllamook |Fet>. 19, 10 am|Pler 2
Walla W'a. Vie A: Pgt Sd. Feb. it>. loam Pier ••
C<x» Bay... Newport Feb. 10. »am Pier 11
g amO a Humboldt Feb. ». 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Puget Sound.. I Feb. 20. spm Pier 2
Alameda ... Sydney |Feb. :i. Bpm Pier 7
State of Caii^orlland 'Feb. «, lv nm.f\»r 2*
Corona ISan D.lefto IFeb. T2. H ami Pier 11
Ar«'.it.i ICoos Bay IFeb. 22. 10 am I Pier 13
Homer .".... Oregon Ports. Feb. 22. 10 am Pier W
Fan Pedro.. Hgmboldt Feb. 12, 4pm Pier IS
Aj cna , Crescent City. Feb. 22. 4pm Pier 2
Bonlta . iSan Pedro Feb. 24. 9am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 24. ' 2 pmtPler 2
City Puebla Vie & Put i?tl. Feb. 25. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland IFeb. 27. 10am|Pler;4,A whole floor devoted to parlor
comfort and embellishment.
We take pleasure in showing;
you'd enjoy seeing. You are never
urged to buy.
Madras Curtains— Just opening a
new lot of these popular. curtains.
Their airy, Oriental beauty is
heightened by the new and pretty
colorings and dainty designs.
Would brighten the dullest room.
Nothing more servicable. Nicely
fringed. As low as $1.85 a pair.
CARPET DEPARTMENT.
Imperial Floor Squares. Bright
colors; many patterns; fringed;
reversible. Take the place of a
carpet sometimes and save a carpet
on occasion. Stand lots of wear.
6 feet by 9 feet, $1.50
7Yi feet by 9 feet, 1.85
9 feet by 9 feet, 2.2;
9 feet by 10 »£ feet, 2.60
9 feet by 12 feet, 3.00
Fre* Delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M FRIEDMAN a CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.
Open ereninz* Near Stockton
What are the points of excellence in
\JJ TMDEMAffIV \gJ
REGISTERED.
The Best Shoe for Women
and to what can be ascribed
the high favor in which it is
held?
Briefly stated, it is this:
The "SOROSIS" Shoe
is. constructed on scientific
principles by trained experts.
> The^best of materials are
used throughout.
The finished product is the
highest of perfection
chat human ingenuity has de-
vised. •
35 styles; sizes, 2 to 9;
AAA to E. Priced the, world
over—
$3.50 a Pair.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
50 THIRD STREET,
Second Shoe Store Below Market. .
SAN FRANCISCO. . .
'-Free Booklet of Spring Styles for tht
Asking.
ladies' imported fine Maco cotton hose, medium
weight, fine gauge, extra long and elastic, double soles,
heels and toes, sizes 8 to 10..... 22 c pair $2.60 dozen
children's iron frame stockings, made of extra heavy,
hard-twisted elastic cotton, with double knees, heels and
toes, just the thing for rough wear, sizes 6 to 10
. . - 15c pair $1.65 . dozen
girls' fine ribbed Maco cotton hose, medium weight,
deep, glossy black, smooth lisle finish, very dressy, double
knees, heels and toes, sizes sJ4 to gj^.ioc pair. $2.25 dozen
Reorganlred Church of Jeaui Chriit— 22o
Post etreet.
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT EXPENSES
Board of Education Makes a Finan
cial Statement.
Th^ Board of Education yesterday sub
mitted a financial statement of the School
Department to Mayor Phelan. A com
ji&r&tlve statement of expenditures for
January. 1599, and January. ir*X>, shows
th« totaJ salary roll was $1924 and J2254 72
respectively. While there Is an apparent
Increase the new charter Imposes an ad
ditional.- expense to be paid out of the
common school fund for four School Di
rectors from January 8 to 31 at $766 64; one
Superintendent, |2jB 08; one secretary,
31l5; total. $1129 72— thus making the nor
mal reduction for January. 1900. $809. The
salaries for teachers In January. 1599.
amounted to J89.751 90. and In January.
3900. J52.376 40, a decrease of 57405 60.. One
a large assortment of all worsted, 46 inches wide, fancy mixed chev-
iots, in all the leading spring colors, per suit only $6.00
all-wool cashmere plaids for children's dresses, all the new combina-
tions of spring colors, 44 inches wide, per yard $1.00
all wool camel's hair cheviot, in mixtures of gray, brown, blue, tan
and green, 37 inches wide, per yard 50c
First IMvlne Science, Tosemtte Hall, Native
Sons' bulldlnr — M. E. Cramer, pastor.
Theot>cphlcal Society— Odd Fellows' bulld
'¦'r HUH
60 pair colored Swiss curtains, "fleur de lis" and
"lover's knot" pattern, in blue and corn color, very stylish
(ask to see them) per pair $1.50
the new silks
hard to describe these new goods to you; they are so
inty and pretty that words fail, and then, too. the styles
are so different there is nothing to compare" them with.
one of the' prettiest effects is a fancy taffeta silk for shirt
waists, colored grounds and alternate lace and brocade
stripes, 7 colors, 19 inches wide, per yard only 75c
then there is the 20-inch striped taffeta in two-tone ef-
fects and black hair stripe, old rose and white, castor and
white, and cyrano and white are some of the new combi-
nations. . the prettiest goods for evening wear shown. 36
patterns to choose from, per yard only $1.00
another new taffeta comes 21 inches wide, with nar-
now lace stripe, in lavender and white, yellow and white,
green and white, castor and white, and blue and white—-
5 patterns, per yard $i..\S
10-inch black peau dc soie, an extra fine quality, per
) "¦
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 222 Sutter
street, between Kearny and Grant avenue
— The Bible and Science and Health. With
Key to the Scriptures.
heavy tailor suiting, all worsted, the new small checks, in brown, tan,
gray, blue and other colors. 58 inches wide, 5 yards to the suit, per suit..
• $700
T. M. C A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
McCoy, secretary.
Independent services. Metropolitan Temple.
Fifth street, near Market— Rer. B. Fay
Mills.
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twenti
eth streets— Rev. A. J. Welli.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue, and
Sacramento street— Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
this is the choicest line of ruffled cottage curtains ever
shown in San Francisco, and every item in the list that
follows is cheaper than it can be again, why? because
we bought them in such large quantities, there is nothing
speculative in our policy, goods we buy close we sell
close that's the Hale way.
100 pair plain white muslin curtains, 2^ yards long,
by 35 inches wide, including a 4-inch ruffle (measure
your windows and see if this sire will fit. our* price for
the week per pair 60c
Frar.klla Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo etreets— Rev. Da\ld James,
pastor.
Memorial Presbrterlan. Eighteenth avenue
and Ixjt'-r.a etreet— Rev. H. tt. Bevler.
beautiful violets from ,»^..-....i5c to 83c bunch
' ¦¦¦. - ¦ ¦.: -. ..'*„-'.-- j- ;¦¦ ••- ¦¦¦ ¦
roses, in red, pink and cerise, with bod and foliage..
I2#c and 15c
OrAce M. E-. corner Twenty-Cm and Capp
etreets— Rev. J. IC. Beard.
Central M. E.. MiMlon etreet, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rer. O. D. liutaln
plller.
Blmpmon Memorial. H«ye» and. Buchanan
•trwu-Rev. John Stephen..
Stewart Memorial. U. P.. Ouerrero street,
near Twenty-tr-.Srd— Rer. W. E. Dutan.
Potrero il. E-, Tennessee street, rear 80
lano—r.ev. S. M. Woodward.
Third ConpreKational. Fifteenth ftreet, near
Mission— Hfv. William Hader. pastor;
Key. Alfred Bajl<">-. j>astor In charge.
Olivet Oor.gr^patioMl, Seventeenth and No«
street*-Kev. H. T. Shepard.
Et. Mary's Cathedral. Van Nm ¦.renue and
OTarfwi «ireet-Rev. ¦ Father Prenfler
rast. V. G.
%^^^^Sfed; the; tie w shift waists
S^^X[^%3i >^^^ ; Er. a r^h B !rl oyou..e\0 y ou..e\n r e ' ' "about 6000 of them, we show them for the first time to-morrow, they are different from_ hat jggfc
Mcli^^^SL*' 6 D< ?r,Th f . a ' r - Wltb fI ° W - » ati&i scar's waists; the shapes arc different, the styles are different and they are prettier, the prices ought ,^|
I^^m^^^% IPX1 P K ¦*'• and de ' 'W% " t0 be much m they arCi because the manufacturers> prices arc now ' we W'
tjiiiiii^^ ladies ' fanCy wash "i dozen ladies" percale waists colors ladies'^sflk jraist. $X\
flmWb«£if^^ bl l' e ' rCd ' Ia T der i , Pink a,h kf linen ?o «cV £?«! Kp WU
WsmW W<% \ T*g|gi ir^*fl|-s>s>J /A" .- ray % ™ . aS , \ "M U " '¦ white stripes, • pleated fronts and backs, linen eeve , <tand -up collar, tisht VV •/
IMF / fe*a^3M^^ JiJy S- 3 SeS k fn d "^: and collars, sizes 32 to 44 fh
W^ljL^^fl&raH^ --^fc co^raffs^eff^ and n6 dozen ladies' fine percale waists, in et the^al! W X
* m .sP< colors, all »,zc^ from colors pink> blue , ££ and colors $7 . 50 <J
' **""*" lavender, and black and white, plain 'and col- .
vgg] w^rmm^^^^SSßr '¦ 56 dozen ladies> fancy ored y° kes - p^ted backs, P iam and self special ottering.
I^Si WzatL chambray waists— colors colored, standing collars, sizes 32 to 44. 51.00 *T . . . j
P ink - blue and '^vender, fancy striped novel- if you find that we haven t the shade you
dgfffgmg MSM^g^. ties, with deep pointed yoke, full gathered ladies' taffeta silk waists, in seven clus- are looking for please ask to see the color
fr ° ntS ' SClf coloredcollar " s and <* * izes » ters of tucking, straight doivn front, tight
jfY jgMßßHHffPil*li SjßrSHP^^ to 44 ...$1.25 each body lining, new flare cuff, corder back. Ol $- 00 $600 and $' 50
ftsiiSls Ssliyitf Us d? stand-up collar, with 6 rows of stitching and o- > • ' •
Spr wHBEBKHBUM&BwMrS? ladies> fine ze P h y r gingham waists, col- roU nd-top sleeves, all sizes and colors. .$5.00 4 —
" ors Pink, white, blue, lavender and black watch ' our magnificent
Wma6S&UßN&!2s*&Mr^?(sJ and white, fronts pleated and tucked, and 35 ladies taffeta silk waists, tancy corder .*..,*„, i,,^f
Sg^^*?*^^ff^^M^-^'Y\ some with insertion, star-pointed yokes, of and feather stitch across yoke, bust, collar to present
]gsslsß~%^B/^^^^^^ •?t-jy? t-jy white pique, others self colored, these waists and caps on sleeves, ti^ht body lining doors >vcs P
/*5bS -^^^^^fcjpjj \ are niostl y stripes, and small figures; sizes 32 throughout, new flare cuffs and straight building.
fiiT^l fSlia^ mm <~*^t :i ** to 44 $1.50 each back, all sizes and colors $6.00 ? *
J men's scarfs, handkerchiefs 150 spring flowers in
f snirts and understand that? not isci 5 c handkerchiefs, but 7? dozen sheer lawn, the millinery department
underwear
men's neckwear, in tecks and puffs, light and dark
colors, regularly 25c, but commencing to-morrow 15c
The Weekly Call.
Enlarged to- 16 Pages. $1 per Year
Valentine Holt Society.
A limited number of invitations have
been issued for a dancing . party to ,be
given on next Friday evening by the Val
entine Holt Society of Children of the
American Revolution In Century Hall. The
patronesses are: ;¦ • Mrs. H. W. Crocker,
Mrs. L. I* : Dorr,. Princess . Poniatowskl,
Common whisky Is a curse— the Old
Government is a ble?slng. , •
Parlor Corner Chair, Mahog-
any finish, high back, prettily
carved. Upholstered with
bright, flowered velour. Lots
of spring in the seat. Artistic;
homelike. A chair for a cosy
corner and a caller's comfort
$3.85
Wood seati Leather, Silk and
Silk Velour upholsterings; quaint
coverings and ', artistic designs ,' in
our exhibit of parlor chairs at
*3, fiz, $15, J25. -
Old Clothes and Cascarones.
Fremont Parlor of the Native Daughters
will observe Mardl Gras festivities by an
old clothes and cascarones party In the
basement of Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday
evening next. It will be under the .direc
tion of Mrs. Daniel Daniels, chairman of
the committee of arrangements, assisted
by Mesdames M. Sanderson, C, Barry, M.
Goscovlch. Dr. M. E. Falk and the Misses
P.: and-R. Bartlett, M. Toomey. H. Col
lins, A. Goodwin, L. Kylie, M. Hawkins,
F. Barry, M. Cawley.A. Crowley and 11.
Mcßalth.
Corn and Venison Warwhoop.
Yosemite Tribe No. 103 of the Improved
Order of Red Mtn has sent out invitations
to Its paleface friends to attend "a corn
and venison warwhoop, to be given by
the tribe in tho wigwam on Post street
on the 20th sleep, snow moon, G. S. I>.
409, which In common English is February
20, 1900, when the council lire will be
kindled and Sitting Bull, Black Hawk and
Rain-in-the-Face. proposed by Swiftwater,
will ride the buffalo Into the mouth of a
volcano 120 feet below the surface of tht
earth. Ghost darce at 10 o'clock at night.
By order of Manklowackebowl, big chief."'
FRTTrrnvrATrs • announcements.
« THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Storims High
Press Club Jinks.
The San Francisco Press Club will en
tertain its friends Wednesday evening,
February 21. with an old time jinks. Tho
subject will be. patriotic— the eve of
Washington's birthday. Addresses, a va
ried musical programme and some sur
prises will be in store for the clufs guests
at this jinks.
provided with the necessary conveniences
for preparing human skeletons and that
they were engaged in boiling the meat off
the bones. The body had been dissected
in the college and they had received per
mission from Dr. E. S. Howard, professor
of anatomy, to take the limbs and tha
head away. The Coroner read the stu
dents a lecture, warning them against re
peating the outrage on public sentiment.
and Informed them that they had violated
section 3035 of the Political Code. He then
dismissed them upon their promise to boil
no more bones.
BOILED HUMAN BONES.
Three Medical Students Before the
Coroner for Violating Public
Decency.
Some boys reported to Patrolman Fer
guson yesterday afternoon that three men
in a vacant lot on the corner of Powell
and North Point streets were engaged In
boiling portion^ of a human body In a
wash boiler. The officer made an Inves
tigation and placed In custody Phlltp B.-
Frey of 117 Guerrero street. L. R. Martin
of 114 Guerrero street and Benjamin M.
Marshall of 117 Valencia street, who said
that they were students of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons on Fourteenth
street. In the wash boiler were two legs,
two arms and the head of a human being.
The Morgue wagon was sent for and the
men were taken before Coroner Cole.
They explained that the college is not
VASE STOLEN FROM THE
CALIFORNIA RECOVERED
Lucien Koch Arrested Charged With
Stealing: the Art Treasure From
the Hotel.
The man who stole the big vase from
the parlors of the California Hotel some
time between Monday night and early
Tuesday morning is believed to be Lu
cien Koch, an Alsatian, 26 years of age.
He was arrested late Kfriday night by De
tectives Harper and Sullivan and Police
man J. Sullivan, and the vase was recov
ered Thursday from a pawnbroker on
Lombard street.
The pawnbroker said a stranger sold
him the vase last Tuesday, getting $30 for
it. He suspected that all was not right
and telephoned to police headquraters and
was informed that they had no report of
such a vase being stolen Then when the
news of the robbery was made public he,
notified the police and gave a? description
of the man who sold it, which- led to
Koch's arrest. The latter was Identified,
by tha pawnbroker. Two bronze busts
also stolen from the hotel and. a water
proof coat and silk lined overcoat had
also been pawned by Koch.
The vase stands over, three, feet' high,
weighs about 100 pounds and Is valued at
$400. How it could have been carried out
of the hotel without detection is a. mys
tery. Koch says that he bought the busts
from an Italian whom he did not know,
about eight days ago for $4, and last Mon
day or Tuesday the Italian again called af
his room on Geary street, near Powell,
with the big. vase, which he purchased for
$5. He did not ask the Italian any ques
tions as to where he had got the articles."
The waterproof and overcoat, he said,
were brought by him from Paris. . .
Koch told the detectives that he catne
here from Paris about five months ago
and had • been playing .the races. His
father, he said, was a brewer in Stras
burg, Germany, and sent him a remit
tance of $60 , per month through the
French Consul here. He at first denied
knowing anything about the stolen arti
cles, but later gave out the;story about
buying them- from an Italian. He admit
ted having: visited the California Hotel to
ccc a friend, Captain Schultz. Yesterday
morning he was booked on, a charge of
grand larceny and two charges of petty
larceny. The detectives believe that he
Is a hotel sneak thief and are trying to
find owners for the waterproof and over
coat. The capture is looked upon as an
Important one by Chief Sullivan and Cap
tain Bohen. .
Mrs. J. W. Ruggles, Mrs. George Law
Smith, Mrs. C. G. Lathrop, Mrs. W. E.
Dennison and Mrs. K. S. Yemans. Mrs.
A. 8. Hubbard is the president, Mrs. Irv
ing F. Moulton State director and Mrs.
Leland Stanford and Mrs. William Alvord
State promoters. This, as other .social
functions previously given by thin society
of young patriots, will be very select.
COUSIN OF THE ADMIRAL
WILL OCCUPY PULPIT
Special Agent A. M. Dewey to De-
liver an Address in Howard
M. E. Church To-Night.
A. M. Dewey, special agent of the
United States Department of Labor, will
speak at the Howard-street M.- E. Church,
near Third street, to-night. Hia subject
is "Christian Citizenship and Its Obliga
tions," with especial reference to the life
work of Frances E. Willard. Mr. Dewey,
who Is a cousin of the admiral, has been
tor twenty-six years employed by the
Government ¦ and is well known through
out the country as a pleasing and enter
taining speaker.
The evening Bervice Is held in commem
oration of the death of Miss Willard.
which occurred two years ago yesterday.
This "heavenly birthday" is known as one
of the "red letter" days In the calendar of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, and to-day or as near this date as
possible 10,000 unions will by service of
eong and eloquent words do honor to tho
memory x>t their promoted leader. .
Friedman Bros.'
NEW YORK
GIGANTIC
.* BANKRUPT
SALE!
TWENTY MORE CASES OF NEW GOODS OPENED
FOR MONDAY MORNING.
BARGAINS GREA'
Tailored Suits, $4.95.
* LATEST BTTLE: Eton effect; scalloped.
box pleat Skirt, at the unheard-of, price,
JM.U.' . Good value at 110.
Golf Capes, $1.75;
LADIES 1 AND MIS?ES f Golf Cape*. r.ew
combinations, at 91.75. Regular value.
Fur Capes, $8.95.
AMERICAN" MIXK CAPES: rood «i!k
lining; real value I1C.&0; sale price $4.1)5.
Dress Skirts, 95c.
BLACK BERGE SKIRT; well bound;
rood liair.s; value at $2; eale prloe 95c.
GoMen Gate CM anfl Suit House,
1230-1282-1234 MARKET STREET.
PER THAN EVER!
Wrappers, 50c.
CALICO WRAPPERS; well made; extra
epcclal, COc.
Percale Wrappers, 75c.
GOOD QUALITY PERCALE WRAP,
PERS; fancy trimmed: DEEP FLOUN'CE-
rood value at $1.2.*,; extra special, 75c.
Fur Scarfs, $1.45.
Extra Quality ELECTRIC SEAL AND
ROCK MARTEN BOAS; regular value
S3 60; sale price $1 .4.1.
Stylish Jackets,
$5.75, $6.45, $7.95.
Well tailored; perfect fitting; the newest:
real value JS.6O, $10. $12.60.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
ladies' cotton hose — best domestic manufacture,
seamless, fast black, good weight, full length, either with
ribbed top or Richelieu rib all the way, sizes 8 to 10
i2}4c pair.... $1.38 dozen
store closed all day Washington's birthday,
write for our new spring catalog.
hundred and two janitors drew $5047 95 in
January, 18H9, and ninety-seven in Janu
ary, 1&), received $4631 15. or $416 80 less.
The decrease is accounted for by the
abolishing of schools and of unnecessary
outside classrooms. A saving of $17 75
was effected In rents, there belnp thirty
two rooms rented now. as against thirty
seven last year. The total pay roll in the
labor department, with fifty-six men em
ployed, was $1735 25 for January. 1899, and
twenty-two men in January, 1900, were
paid $833 25. The total amount expended
for January. IX)9, was 5105.254 78, and last
month $J«6.663 54 was expended.
The board Is allowed $100,000 per month,
but It also can draw on the balance of
$10,924 C 6 remaining in the school fund
January 1, 1900. The School Department
has to its credit the sum of $14,343 99. The
board is making- a careful inspection of
all the schools, and without Impairing- the
efficiency It will still continue to consoli
date classes. ..
150 pair dotted Swiss curtains, in small, medium and
large sized dots. .1 yards long, with a 4^/3 inch ruffle
per pair fi.25
First T_"nit«.rian. corner Franklin and Geary
etreets— Rev. I>r. Stebbins. minister emer
itus; Rev. Bradford Leavltt, minister.
cottage curtains
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street — Rev. H. H.
Bell.
the 23 distinct
celebrated specialties
Arnold including
knit infants'
goods knit outfits
ladies' night robes — made of white domet flannel.sr.2s
ladies' dressing sacques— made of teazle-down cloth,
collar and cuffs are ribbon trimmed $1.00
lounging or tourist robe' — made of teazle-down cloth,
a luxurious comfort as a change from the tight-fitting
street garments, desirable for the nursery, seashore, moun-
tains, or while traveling $2.75
ladies' gauze drawers — these new garments are made
of the finest knit, fabric and are positively cooler and more
serviceable than those of muslin or cambric, their ex-
treme elasticity insures the highest degree of comfort to
the wearer ." pair 50c and 75c
child's knickerbocker — fleece-lined drawers, trimmed
with Hamburg edging. they are soft, pliable and
easily washed, for ages 2to 8 years 50c
new hosiery
the latest English square wash scarfs, colored stripes on satin-fin-
ished basket cloth : 50c
new colored
dress 'goods
not last year's goods or goods that were bought for this winter's .sell-
ing, but new patterns that have just come "to us from the east.
. novelty imported suitings, 44 inches wide, 6 yards to a suit, plain
foule, soft finish serge grounds, with camel's hair figures, all the new
shades of gray, tan, blue, green, etc per suit, only $u..;0
a new imported swell plaid, camel's hair effect, all wool, in all the
latest colorings, 6 yards to the suit, per suit 0n1y... $12.00
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
6treets— Rev. John Hemphill.
assorted colors in rose sprays 40c and 50c bunch
new foliage — violet leaf foliage 20c and 65c; holly
berry foliage 25c, roseleaf foliage 25c, 50c and 75c
Howard M- E.. between Beeond and Third-
Rev. John A. B. WUson.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. S. Urmy.
wash neckwear
new goods in by express, some late arrivals from the cast, they
Madras string ties, all fast colors, each only 10c
Utopia novelty wash collars, embroidery with Val. edges 25c each
unlaundered shirts, New York mills' muslin, made es-
pecially for us, linen bosoms and wristbands, seams all
double-stitched, patent gussets, reinforced back and shoul-
ders, split neckband, long and short bosom each 44c
men's heavy gray ribbed underwear, we have these in
shirts only, and sizes 38 to 46. these were remarkably good
for 50c. as we have no drawers will close out the lot at. .
•••• each 39c
California Street M. E., corner California
and Broderick— Rev. A. C Bane.
Epworth M. E-. corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Hey. W. M. Woodward.
Richmond M. E.. Fourth avenue, between
Point Lobo« and Clement street— R*v. A.
E. Ulrich.
understand that? not 15c handkerchiefs, but 75 dozen sheer lawn,
«calloped and hemstitched embroidered handkerchiefs, in a lar^e assort-
ment of patterns, they are really worth several times the price at which
we will sell them on the center tables to-morrow.
dainty sprays of forget-me-nots, for children's hats. . .
....' 15c bunch
blue corn flowers, in small or Urge bunches
fC*Zii '. 15c, 25c and 35c bunch
marguerites, with either yellow or brown centers....
„ ~ 25c tmnch
pretty primroses, In assorted colors 30c bunch
Evangelical Emmanuel, corner Twelfth and
Stevenson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
First English Lutheran. 131$ Geary street-
Rev. E. Nelander.
First Oiristian. Twelfth etreet, near How
ard—Rev. F» S. Ford.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
etreet— Rev. D. C. Garrett.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
ton streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Richmond Congregational, routhwest cornet
Seventh ¦'avenue and Clement street— Rev.
l'hllllp Ccombe.
et Ignatius Van Ness avenue and Hayes
ftreet-Jesuit Fathers.
et Mary's. Dupont and California streets—
Paullet Fathers.
First Baptist. T. M. C. A. Auditorium.
Meson and EUls ftreeU— Rev. E. A.
Woods. ;
Morning:— "The Gospel of the World."
Evening— "The Character of "Washing
ton."
Morning- Preaching by one of the Fathers
at 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon and
vespers.
Morning-Rev. Father Burkhard Will preach
at 10:30 mass. Evenlne— Rev. Father
Chlappl will preach after vespers.
Morning — Sermon at 11 o'clock mass by one
of the Fathers. Evening— Vespers and ser
mon. '_•;. ¦' 'y-~\''.
Morning— "The Birth of High Thoughts."
Evening— "Sacredness of the Common
Life."
Morning— "One Thing the Christian May
Know About All things." Evening—
"Spiritual Lessons In Geology."
Morning— "The E\olutlon of th« Word."
Evening— "The True George Washington
of Teeterday and To-day."
Morning— "Christ the Central Thought."
Evening— "Holding the Slack."
Morning— Preaching by the rector. Evening
—Rev. Dr. Leonard, Bishop of Utah, will
preach.
Morning— Sexagesima Sunday, "The Par
able of the Bower." Evening— "Tht Ascent
of Man."
Morning— "lf." Evening— "The Exaltation
of the Christ."
Morninp — "The Man Who Failed Once, But
Won the Second Time." Evening— "The
Handwriting on the Wall."
Morning— Sermon by the paator. Evening-
Same. . '.¦/":_
Morning— "'Prayer." Evening— "The Value
of Obedience."
Morning— Sermon by the pactor. Evening—
Service of gospel song; eennon by the pas
tor on the topic, "Yesterday. To-day and
To-morrow."
Morning— "The Great Banquet." Even-
Ing— "What Will the King Bay to Thee."
Morning— "Go to Christ for Rest" Even
lag— •'Repentance."
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Dr. Case will deliver an address.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Morning— Sermon by th« pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing—Same. .
Morning— "Gospel Urgency." Evening—
"Christian Cltlxenship." with special ref
erence to the life of Miss Frances E. Wil
lard and the needs of the present hour.
Morning-— 6ermon by the pastor. Evening-
Evangelistic service; topic, "The Import- .
ance of Immediate Decision."
Morning— '•Spiritual Discernment." Even-
Ing— Lecture by Rev. D. E. Finks of Xew
Tork on "Light On Our Country." with
lantern slides.
Morning— "Jesus at the Feast of Taber
nacles." Evening— "Drawing Near to
God."
Morning — "Christian Development." Even-
Ing — "Jesus and Bartlmeus."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing— Rev. William Nat Friend of Oakland
will preach.
' Morning— Rev. Dr. Leavltt will preach; sub
ject. "Blaming Gcd."
Morning— Rev. Dr. Horatio Etebbins will
preach at 11 o'clock.
Afternoon— Francis H. Wardle of New Tork
will addres* meeting for men only.
Afternoon— Address by the Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills, by special request, on "The
Claims of Liberal Religion on the Mod
ern World."
Morning— "Christ Jesus." All are welcome.
Evening— W. J. Walters will deliver a lec
ture on "The True Story of the Cross."
Morning— "Come Unto Me, All Te That
Labor." ' ~ • - "
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Sale's.
Sale's.
Sale's.
Sale's.
Sale's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
Criminals Sent to Prison.
Martin Olsen, convicted a few. days ago
on a charge of burglary, was sentenced to
a term of three years in Folsom Prison
by Judge Dunne yesterday. Lee Wing, a
Chinese burglar, was sentenced to three
years in the same. prison. T. Flynn. con
,victed of grand larceny, was sentenced to
one year.. John Hargen and Albert Rider
received sixty days each for simple as
sault. Edward English, convicted of an
assault upon Policeman. Menlhan, was
gent to th© County Jail for a term of three
months. .
rrirr™^
,1
1
32