famous cablegram about the battle of
Modder River, "Bloodiest battle of the
century." Another of these, received only
a day or two ago, was "Darkness after
dawn."
The Westminster Gazette says: "There
is no news from the Modder, if we except
the news which has reached us In letters
from troops with Methuen— letters which
have thrown a very unpleasant light on
the feelings of the men toward their com
mander and which explain several cir
cumstances hitherto Inexplicable which
attended the rout of the Highland Bri
gade at the battle of Magersfontein. The
Impression among the men under him un
doubtedly seems to be that Methuen sent
them' forward to what proved a death
trap In spite of the remonstrances of
Wauchope and the senior officers of his
staff.
"Even If Methuen acted rashly and neg
lected ordinary military precautions he
would not be so much to blame as tho
authorities who placed him in a position
of. such great responsibility. If it can be
shown that the commander in chief had
reason to believe Methuen was not a skill
ful, cautious commander or that he was
not in possession of a well balanced mind,
but gave him the appointment from a
feeling of friendship or personal regard,
then the commander In chief Is far more
worthy of blame than the general whose
actions , are now under discussion."
A Highland Brigade man's letter in the
Glasgow. Herald says; "There is not the
slightest doubt that Methuen has lost the
confidence of every man in the Highland
Brigade. I am not going too far in. say
ing they are afraid to trust their lives to
him." ! •-i ¦' :«> >'
BRITISH TROOPS TO
USE EXPANDING BULLETS
.LONDON. Jan. 12, 4 a. m.— Lee-Metford
cartridges are running short in the British
magazines and according to a semi-official
report the War Office purposes to fall
back temporarily upon 100,000.000 "Mark
IV" expanding bullets, most of which are
already in 6torage In South Africa.
The War. Office, however, has Issued a
strict order to the volunteers that the
fifty rounds of '"Mark. lV" given them
must be used In practice at home, nothing
being taken to . South ' Africa. ?
After. the public announcement that no
such bullet would be used in this war. Its
employment, - the Dally Chronicle thinks,
would >be ;a serious ' breach b of r faith, es
pecially, as the British commanders have
complained that the Boers occasionally
usesuch projectiles.
The newspapers were reconciled ¦ during
confirmation were current last
evening with reference to pro
ceedings at the front. It was
stated at the West End and else
where that news of an important
engagement, in which- General
Buller was concerned, has been
received.
Reports about General Lord
Methuen continue to reach Lon
don, but the war officials are
very reticent about them. The
latest story says that the in
juries which General Methuen
sustained when he was . wounded
proved more serious than was at
first apprehended. His charger,
it is said, reared and threw him
heavily, causing injuries which
have led to a severe spinal
trouble. Others state that since
his defeat at Magersfontein the
British commander has hardly
been responsible for his actions.
METHUEN'S STRANGE
CONDUCT AND TELEGRAMS
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— A special to the
Journal from London says: This is the
true story of the battle of Magersfontein:
General Lord Metheun's inexplicable con
duct of the campaign for the relief of
Klmberley, culminating In the awful
blunder and bloodshed of that defeat, has
caused endless gossip.
Reports that Lord Metheun was insane
have been current, but the English news
papers have printed only the most gar
bled allusions to . them. . . .
Lord Methuen is not a strong. man. He
is an athlete, a good: boxer and" all-round
sportsman, but is ; frail . physically. AJ
most immediately after he took command
of the division in the West of Cape Col
ony he showed signs of breaking. down. '.
Then began coming » to • the War Office
dispatches that did not seem to be those
or -a well-balanced man. As witness his
and grew to be a favorite In his profes
sion.
Shortly after being admitted to the
practice of medicine Dr. Mahe married a
Miss Mosgrove. the daughter of a mer
chant who was formerly engaged in busi
ness on Kearny street. His wife was
pretty and accomplished and a favorite
in society. The young physician seemed
devoted to her and nothing marred their
marital bliss until the unhappy events fol
lowing sudden good fortune.
A little more thaa two years ago Dr.
Mahe received notification that a wealthy
relative had died in France and left him
heir to an Immense fortune. He departed
for tha Continent and was gone two
months. During hla absence Mrs. Maho
spent the time with relatives and friends
In the Santa Clara Valley.
When the physician returned he took
offices on Sutter street above Powell and
furnished them In palatial style. He lived
happily with his wife during this period.
so far as is known, and whether he found
pleasure at times in the society of others
of the fair sex nobody knows.
It was during a visit of the wife in the
Santa Clara Valley, shortly after her hus
band's return from the Continent, that the
elopement occurred which brought sorrow
and disgrace Into the family and set the
tongue of scandal wagging. Mrs. Mali©
arrived home to discover her husband
gone and not a line to indicate his where
abouts. From anxiety her mind was af
flicted with agonizing fears that he had
accidentally met with death or been mur
dered, and her grief is described by
friends of the physician as having been
something pitiable. In time she learned
that the man whom she had loved wai
unworthy of her trust and affection, and
when the wounds had healed she procured
a divorce.
From that day to this nothing was
heard of the eloping pair until the brief
telegram was received last night stating
the fact that he had committed suicide at
Sioux City. It Is not even known whetner
the woman mentioned In the dispatch had
been married to him since the divorce was
granted his wife or not. According to
George Dahlenberg. the druggist, several
of the physician's patients had called from
time to time and Inquired after his where
abouts. The supposition was that ne had
gone either to St. Louis or New Orleans,
but according to the dispatch it wonlrt
seem that he had spent the entire period
abroad since his departure.
Special Cable to The Call smd the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by James Gordon Bennett.
Another Present for Dewey.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IL— Treasurer
Roberts and Assistant Secretary Allen
this afternoon presented to Admiral
Dewey the beautiful volumes, recently
prepared, containing the names of the
contributors to the Dcwey home, together
with a histary of the efforts to raise the
money for the home. The presentation
was made at the admiral's home and was
without ceremony. The admiral expressed
his gratitude for the present*
POISON FOUND IN
MRS. ADAMS' STOMACH
Very Strong Testimony Presented by
Experts in the Mollneux Mur
der Case.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— The principal
witness to-day In the trial of Roland B.
Mollneux for the murder of Katherine J.
Adams was Professor Rudolph H. Witt
haus, the well-known chemist, who made
an analysis of Mrs. Adams' stomach as
well as of various portions of Harry C.
Barnet's exhumed body and of the box
containing an effervescent salt which It Is
said Barnet took before his death.
Dr. Witthaus said that he found mer
curic cyanide in the contents of the Bar
net box and the common constituents of
kutnow powder. He found a small quan
tity of cyanide and mercury in Barnet's
liver. In the kidneys he found mercury
and In the brain mercury.
Witness then took up the Adams case.
In the deadly bromo-seltzcr bottle Profes
sor Witthaus eald all the constituents of
the powder found by him were the regular
constituents of bromo-seltzer except mer
cury and cynanogen.
Mrs. Florence E. Rogers, daughter of
Mrs. Adams, who was present at the time
of her mother's death, described the poi
soning. Mrs. Rogers was very self-pos
sessed and showed no emotion. Her story
agreed with that told by Harry Cornish.
A long cross-examination did not shake
her testimony.
Professor Witthaus will go on the' stand
a^aln to-morrow to testify as to his an
alysis of the contents of the glass from
which Mrs. Adams drank the fatal
draught and as to his analysis of ¦ Mrs.
Adams' stomach.
PARLIAMENT CALLED.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The Queen has pro
claimed the meeting of Parliament for
January 8*
LONDON, Jan. 12.—Ter
rible losses on both sides
are reported as the result
of the fierce battle at Ladysmith
on Saturday. While nothing
official has been given out as to
the British casualties, a sum
mary of them has been received
in London in which it is stated
that they amount to fourteen of
ficers killed and thirty-four
wounded, and 800 men of the
rank and file killed or wounded.
That is a heavy percentage in a
force which probably did not
muster more than 8500 fit for
duty.
The Boer losses are placed by
the same report at between two
and three thousand. Manifestly
there must be a good deal of
conjecture about the latter fig
ures, yet it must be remembered
that the righting lasted for
seventeen hours and that the
Boers were attackihg intrenched
positions. If these figures are
correct they show very clearly
the determined nature of the
fighting.
No movement is reported in
any direction in South Africa.
All the columns are inactive and
apparently waiting directions
from the new commander-in
chief.
Last night at the War Office
was the quietest since the com
mencement of the campaign.
At midnight it was announced
that nothing would be issued be
fore morning.
Day by day the flood of criti
cism of the War Office for its
blindness, incapacity, favorit
ism in appointments and snob
bishness in refusing offers of
volunteers, both home and colo
nial, is increasing. When the
barriers are broken down whom
will it sweep away?
A number of rumors which
which were absolutely lacking of
were made for them to meet at the
church. The marriage was to take place
at 8 o'clock. On arriving there they en
tered the house and about the time the
ceremony was to begin Miss Ruiz spoke
up and said:
"Tell him I will not become his wife
and for him to go home."
It was like a thunderclap, as no one
was expecting anything of the kind. She
was asked to repeat the words in his
presence, but this she refused to do. It
is rumored that all of her befit clothe*
were taken from her and burned, and
that she was compelled to go to the
church in mere rags. This is given as one
of the excuses for her actions.
Miss Ruiz is without doubt the most
beautiful young lady in Santa Barbara,
a pure Castillan and a descendant of one
of the oldest families in the State. Her
uncle, with whom she lives, is the lead
ing druggist here, likewise Coroner and
Public Administrator, and was bitterly
opposed to the match. While he regTets
greatly the publicity of the affair, he
seems somewhat relieved. She will be
remembered as the lady who has 'acted
as the Goddess of Liberty. Eureka and
many other parts in floral festivals and
entertainments given in this city. She Is
22 years of age and of perfect form.
Mr. Carrillo was born and raised in
Santa Barbara. He likewise comes of a
good family, but is of a sporty disposi
tion, a swell dresser and is known as one
of the young men about town and is well
liked. When seen to-day he said that he
had enough. It was as close as he . had
ever come to marriage, and he expected
to drop the matter where it now stands.
He feels badly over the result of his first
venture, but he also is somewhat relieved
from the anxiety of his first real ro
mance.
BRIDEGROOM
REJECTED AT
THE ALTAR
Abrupt Ending of a Pretty
Romance at Santa
Barbara.
CARILLO TOO SPORTY
Miss Lucy Ruiz Believed Simply
to Have Yielded to Importuni
ties of Relatives and
Friends.
tr»c!al Dispatch to The Call
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 11.— A wed
ding that was to take place here
last night between Michael Car
rillo and Miss Lucy Ruiz termi
nated in a most unexpected man
ner, as the bride refused to con-
Bent to the marriage after all necessary
arrangements had been made. The pa
rents of the young lady had objected
strongly to tbe match, claiming that Mr.
Carrfllo was not her equal; that he was
inclined to be sporty, and they looked for
a much better future for her— yet, with
all their protests, she was determined to
have her way in the matter, although she
was forbidden to speak to him and a
continual watch kept over her to prevent
any possibility of a runaway marriage.
For several months they have been kept
In close communication by a system of
notes delivered by a cousin of the pros
pective bride, and everything seemed to
be looking bright for the time when they
would be husband and wife.
Lsxst Monday a marriage license was se
cured and arrangements made for a se
cret wedding that night; a scheme was
planned whereby she might escape the
watchful eyes of her relatives and when
the deed had been done return and seek
forgiveness of the unsuspecting family.
The plan worked excellently until they
reached the residence of the Rev. Father
Stockman, who, as ill luck would have It,
bad been called to Lob Angeles, and with
out his consent the wedding could not
take place; so the young couple were
compelled to return to their homes and
the lady forced to divulge the nature of
her absence from home. She then ram*
out and asserted that Fhe would marry
her lover regardless of the wishes of the
family and. though a strong Catholic,
threatened to have the ceremony per
formed by a Justice of the Peace, Seeing
co other way out of the matter, the pa
rents finally consented to the wedding.
All day yeeterday she was kept locked
In a room and no one was allowed to see
her. Her spiritual adviser visited the
house, but he was refused admittance,
and was not even allowed to ask her In
her relatives' presence if she had con
sented to become the wife of Mr. Car
rlllo. Everything had been arranged for
tb« eventful wedding and arrangements
the early days of the war to cable censor
ship, taking it for granted that full narra
tives sent by mall would supply all defi
ciencies. For some weeks, however, even
the mall correspondence that has arrived
in London has shown signs of habitual
scissoring by the censor. Pages are-re
numbered without chronological or logical
connection, leaving the happenings de
scribed quite unintelligible in many cases.
The ' editors, acting possibly in concert,
are laying this fact before the public and
Insisting that they be permitted to know
and print the facts.
The Daily Mail formally accuses the
War Office of "doctoring" in editing offi
cial dispatches before their Issuance and
cites particulars. The Daily Chronicle
avers that there seems to be an official
conspiracy against letting the truth be
known. ;»V-"-'
SEIZURE OF A SHIP
WITH CARGO OF SULPHUR
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900 by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publicatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.! %.-¦•'
LONDON. Jan. 12.— This dispatch, from
its special correspondent, is published by
the Dally Mall:
PORT ELIZABETH. Sunday, Jan. 7.—
Her Majesty's ship Fearless has seized the
bark Maria L, which arrived on Saturday
from Argentine with sulphur.
LADYSMITH HAS
PLENTY OF RATIONS
LONDON, Jan. 12.— A dispatch to the
Dally Mall from Pietennarltzburg. dated
January 8, says:
"Private advices from Ladysmlth, dated
January 2, say that rations of bread and
meat are plentiful and the garrison has
not touched the 'bully' beef and biscuit
supplies. Luxuries are scarce in Lady
smith, but the hospitals are well supplied
with milk and the horses are In tood con
dition."
LARGE CAMP OF
BOERS NEAR COLENSO
LONDON, Jan. 13.— The Standard has
the following dispatch, dated Monday,
from Frere Camp:
"Our patrols have searched both flanks
of the Boer position. They found a large
camp five miles east of Colenso, evidently
In anticipation of a British attempt at a
turning movement."^
CHOATE CABLES THE
ANSWER OF ENGLAND
•WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The answer of
the British Government to Mr. Choate's
representations respecting the seizure of
American flour' and other goods on the
three vessels, Beatrice, Mashona and Ma
ria, has been received. Just as the offi
cials of the State Department expected. It
amounted to a partial answer, very satis
factory as far as it goes, disposing of the
character of some of the goods seized, but
not finally deciding whether or not food
stuffs are to be regarded as contraband.
The British Government adopts precisely
the point i»t .view regarding the seized
goods that was assumed by the State De
partment and embodied by Mr. Choate In
his note on the subject addressed to the
British Foreign Office. In brief, Mr.
Choate reports as follows:
That the answer Is highly satisfactory;
that it is on broad and liberal terms. The
position assumed by the British Govern
ment is that foodstuffs in transit to a hos
tile destination can be regarded as con
traband of war only when they are sup
plies for the enemy's forces. It Is not suf
ficient that they are capable of beta* used
for the benefit of the enemy. It must ba
shown that they are so in fact by their
destination at the time of seizure. Tho
British Government does not claim that
any of the American goods on the Dutch
bark Maria and the British bark Ma
shona were contraband of war. The Brit
ish Government is investigating the facts
in connection with the goods seized on me
third vessel, the Beatrice. vj ¦
Mr. Choate's ' message embodied suc
cinctly the authorities relied upon by the
British Government to sustain its position,
and as the position, as already stated. Is
one of those already assumed by the
State Department, of course they regard
ed It as convincing. For this reason Mr.
Choate's message is long and it was nearly
noon before it could be deciphered and
placed in Secretary Hay's hands.
"Later in the day the following official
statement was given out by the State De
partment:
"A telegram has been received from Em
bassador Choate reporting an Interview
had by him with the Marquis of Salisbury
on the afternoon of the 10th lnst. In re
gard to the American shipments of flour
and provisions on the detained British
vessels Beatrice and Mashona and the
Dutch bark Maria. The British posi
tion as to foodstuffs and hostile destina
tion is that they can only be considered
contraband of war if supplied for tha
enemy's forces, it not being sufficient that
they are capable of being so used, but It
must be shown that this was their destin
ation at the time of seizure. This quali
fication virtually concedes the American
contention that the goods were not sub
ject to seizure and practically disavows,
the seizure, it not being claimed that
there Is any evidence of hostile destina
tion."
The next step will be the collection of
data by the State Department and by tha
British Foreign Office to fully establish
the character of the goods on the Beat
rice and It is not expected that there will
meantime be any further deliveries by tha
British Government upon the general sub
ject of the contraband character of food
stuffs.
TO BE AMICABLY SETTLED.
BERLIN. Jan. 11-It Is asserted that
the German cruisers Schwalbe and Con
dor, which were ordered to Delagoa Bay,
have been instructed to proceed Instead to
Cape Town. Thi3 indicates a belief in
German official circles that the contra
band controversy will be amicably set
tled.
WAITING FOB ROBERTS.
LONDON, Jan. 12. -The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Dally Mail, telegraph
ing Monday, says:
"The vanguard of the sixth division la
waiting at Table Bay until the arrival of
Lord Roberts."
STOPPED ON THE FRONTIER.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Jan. 11—Sev
eral Portuguese who were on the way to
Join the Boers have been Intercepted by
the frontier police. Nobody In future will
be allowed to pass the border without a
permit from the Governor.
RUMORED DEFEAT OF BULLER.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— On the street to-day
Kaffir securities were weak owing to a
rumor from Paris that General Buller had
met with another defeat.
DR. GUSTAVE MAHE, the young
physician whose desertion of his
wife In this city and elopement with
another woman about two years
ago furnished Dame Grundy with a choice
morsel, has rung down the curtain on the
final act of his own life and will fill a
suicide's grave.
The news of the young physician's sad
end reached this city last evening in a
telegram to a friend from Sioux City.
lowa. The only facts given were that he
had been found dead In his office early In
the evening. Although no cause for the
act could be learned It was suspected that
he had taken his own life, as a half
emptied bottle of laudanum lay on the
table by his side, along with a graduate
for doses, still containing a small quan
tity of the drug. The dispatch further
stated that Dr. Mahe came to Sioux City
from New York a short while ago with
his wife, who Is prostrated by the shock.
Previous to their arrival in New York the
couple had been abroad for two years.
The story of the young physician's
elopement is still fresh In the minds of
the public and created a sensation in this
city at the time. His domestic relations
apparently had been happy and no motive
could be 'magined for his sudden disap
pearance until It was learned that he had
fallen a worshiper at the shrine of an
other ¦woman and had departed in order
to enjoy her smiles in a broader sphere.
For some time Mrs. Mahe lay HI on ac
count of the shock causing nervous pros
tration. Nothing was heard of the pair
after they left this city until last night.
Dr. Mahe was an exceedingly handsome
man and of a magnetic personality. He
was born in California and was the son
of the president of the old French Bank,
located on Bush street, opposite where
the California Theater now stands. Many
years ago the bank failed and the father,
unable to bear the strain of financial mis
fortune, took his own life in a fit of
despondency.
For a long time the son was a clerk In
a local dry goods store, but his ambition
was not satisfied with that station in life
and he went to medical college, graduat
ing with honors. He. set up an office at
640 Clay street and gradually worked up
a good practice. He removed from there
about four years ago and took an office
on Kcarny street, over Dahlenberg's
drugstore. There he made many friends
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 1L
DISGUISED in his sister's clothes
Joseph Angules, aged 18 years,
shot Joseph Rogers Boares at Cen
terville last night after leading the
victim into a trap by reason of the
disguise. Soares is not expected to live
arfl Angules was brought to the County
Jall in Oakland to-night with a charge of
murder hanging over his head. His Justi
fication for the act is that Soares had
been talking about his sister Minnie, but
the reason which led the young man to
disguise himself in his sister's clothes is
cot quite go clear.
The fact that young Angules was thus
£isgru!sed pave rise to the story that the
g^.rl herself had shot Soares. but young
Angules confessed to the act and was
brought to Oakland to-night- The south
ern part of the county le intensely agi
tated over the affair, particularly as this
it not the first occasion the Angules girls
have come into notoriety of a very simi
lar character.
About a year ago Joseph Joaquln, a
Toting Portuguese of Centerville, was In
vited to the Angules house and when he
arrived he was assaulted with pitchforks
end severely wounded. The girls were ax
rested but discharged.
The ehootir.g was the culmination of a
feud between the youth and the Injured
man which commenced about three
months ago. Quarrels have been of fre
quent occurrence, although they were
never apparently of a serious nature.
Generally the man ¦who is now suffering
from a bullet hole through his body was
the apgressor. He has bitterly taunted
the boy about his sister and as events
fhow these taunts finally goaded the
youth to desperation.
Soares is L 5 years old and lives with his
vife and family on a ranch adjoining the
Ar.gules place. He was apparently en
amored of Minnie, aged 23, one of the
two Angules sifters with whom the boy
lived, and frequently asked the latter to
arrange for her to meet him.
"I've got a mash on your sister," old
Foar^s would remark on other occasions.
Yesterday afternoon the amor-is old
rancher met his young neighbor a:. a again
asked him to arrange a meeting with itin-
Cle.
"She told me to have you come around
to-night." replied the boy.
Then he clipped home, and quickly don
ning his sister's dress he procured a re
volver and awaited the coming- of Soares.
When the latter arrived he was met on
tbe porch of the Angul*s domicile by the
masquerading youth. Soares penetrated
the disguise almost immediately, and
jnade a lunge at young Angules. As he
£ld bo the boy threw up the revolver anC
pulled the trigger. The bullet struck
goares In the ltft breast, and he turned
and ran to his home, dropping to the
floor unconscious as he entered the houss.
Several doctors were called and found the
bullet had lodged In the muscles of the
back, next to the spine. Soares was sink
ing rapidly to-night and but little hope
for his recovery is entertained.
Joe Angules. when seen at the County
Jail to-night, at first declared emphatical
ly that he would make no statement, be
cause his attorney, Mr. Mlchels, and Con
stable Joe Rodriguez had told him "to
keep his mouth shut." However, he final
ly ignored their advice and talked.
"Yes. I shot Soares," said Angules. "and
although I am sorry for it now. I did not
do anything but what any man would
have done for his sisters. Soares has been
a neighbor of ours for the past ten or
twelve years, and ever since three months
ago he has been teasing me whenever he
met me on the road. He would pinch me
and then tell me to ask my twin sisters
If they would not meet him, and that he
liked Minnie. He kept this up until I could
stand it no longer.
"Last Sunday he met me and began
pinching me again. Then he told me that
he had nine borres to attend to, and after
that he would like to meet my sisters. I
asked him, not meaning anything wrong,
why I couldn't meet one of his daughters,
and he said if ever he saw one of his girl?
In my company he would shoot me. H?
said the difference between his daughters
and my sisters. Annie and Minnie, was a
very big proposition. I knew what he
meant and considered it an insult such as
I never heard before.
"Yesterday I asked Minnie to lend me
some of her clothes. I borrowed a skirt
and her shawl. I was going to disguise
myself as my sister Minnie, and I told
her I was going to fool some one, but I
don't think Minnie knew ¦what I was real
ly going to do.
"Then I rode on my wheel to town
and met Soares. As I jumped off my
wheel he pinched me again and asked if
I had made a date with Minnie for him.
I told him yes: that she was waiting on
the porch for him. Then I hurried home,
put on my sister's skirt and drew the
shawl around my shoulders and, with tha
revolver that we have always kept In
the house, sat on the porch waiting for
Soares to come along.
"He came all right about 8:S0, and I got
up and stood on the porch. I tried to
talk like a girl, but he saw my big shoes,
I guess, and said he didn't want to see
me, but my sister Minnie. Then he made
a leap at me and I raised my pistol and
shot him. He ran away toward his house
as fast as possible, leaving his hat be
hind. I had Intended to get him into the
house and Rhoot him there, because I did
not like to shoot him outside, but I got
so mad I couldn't stand it any longer.
The girls don't blame me a bit. I took
their part, and any man would do that.
Somn of the people thought Aside did th«
shooting, because they all knew she was
against him.
"Of course. I am afraid I'll g-et the
worst of it. because I have no money for
lawyers, but I was not obliged to tell my
story if I didn't want to."
HEAVY LOSSES SUSTAINED IN
RECENT FIGHT AT LADYSMITH
It Is Reported That More Than Eight Hundred
British Troops Were Killed or Wounded.
War Olfiee Withholds News.
DR. MAHE DIES
BY HIS OWN ACT
AT SIOUX CITY
Former Well-Known San Francis
can Swallows Fatal Dose of
Laudanum.
Tragic End of a Physician Who Cruelly
Deserted His Pretty Wife to Elope
With Another Woman.
YOUNG ANGULES
AVENGES INSULT
TO HIS SISTER
Decoys Her Traducer Into a Trap
and Puts a Bullet Through
His Body.
Disguised in the Girl's Clothes the Boy Entices
Joseph Rogers Soares to a Fatal
Evening Tryst.
THE LADYSMITH RELIEF COLUMN.
Hauling a naval gun up the heights of Beacon Hill on the occa- «
sion of General Hildyard's battle with the Boers, November 26.
VOLUME liXXXTCE— NO. 43.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
LONDON, Jan. 11.— Tho
Daily Mail says: We learn
that in the attack on Lady
smith iast Saturday, Janu
ary 6, the British losses
were 14 officers killed, 34
wounded and over 800 non
commissioned officers and
men killed and wounded.
The Boer losses, we hear,
are estimated at between
2000 and 3000.2233<;>»t. 3partn.itnrrh.i->!
if-VSr in l • o5<UTa - \A v> '^' < '^- unnatura! lij.
EfLj Gt-»ot«a y charges, or »ay iaflamm*.
y>— <|?rnna ooofgloa. tlon ct lv aeo n r m;»ra-
H7#VHE£riS3CtiEM:riina branes. Non-»«trin«ent.
Mjg\a!IS««ATUO.BRS| Sold by Dnsxsut*,
Ng^^k O. •:. x. J£m°* «"it la plain wn;;«:,
Weak Men and Women
SIIOULI> USE DAMiAXA DITTEP3. TUB
great Mexican remedy; gives health ana
strength to sexual orcana. Depot. 823 XXaxktu
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
F°£ .Tli*£. TIi *£ C^KE °F GONORRHOEA
Gleets. Strictures and analogous com*
plaints of tha Or?an* of Ceneratten
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wrist's Indian VecetaWs Pills
United States Marshal Shine Sick.
United States Marshal Shine 13 confined
to his home with a severe cold.
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BY. THOUSANDS
ol persons who have used them .'or fort y
jesrs to cure SICK HE.VDACHE ClDDDfr^
CONSTIPATION. Tor^iJ LJver \Vekk Kr^T^'
Ptaples and purify the blooi btomach.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
'DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.M.IVER.LUNGS*
Santa Cruz Hotel Man Bankrupt.
James B. Peakes of Santa Cruz, for
merly a hotel-keeper, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. His liabilities are stated
at $6125 and assets at.nothlng. His princi
pal creditors are Miller, Sloss & Scott,
$800; Rlsdon Iron Works, $tKX>; G. W. Pen
nlngton & Sons, $175; wells, Fargo &
Co/s Bank, $1000; A. P. Hotallng Com
pany, $1250; estate of Anson Hotallng, de
ceased, $500; J. S. Green. Santa Cruz, $300;
American Bank and Trust Company, $1500.
CULLEN'S HOARDED
GOLD UNEARTHED
Since the Miser's Death the Premises
Have Been Visited and Care
fully Dug' Over.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— The hoarded
wealth of old Dennis Cullen, a bachelor
rancher- of Calaveras Valley, has been
dug up and'Btolen and the special admin
istrator, and attorney of the estate are
looking for these self-appointed legatees.
Cullen .died December 5 last. For o%'er a
quarter of a century he had farmed and,
raised cattle In the Calaveras hills. He
owned" eighty acres of good land where he
lived, and another claim of lfiO acres as a*
cattle pasture. He lived in the most fru
gal manner, beans and salt pork being
mostly his diet, lie banked his money in
the ground, and stories of his great treas
ure troves were current among the neigh
bors. Cullen 'trusted no bank.
During the past few days unknown par
ties have visited the place and found the
money. Beneath his old home are great
holes, and the entire space has been
dug over. The floor of the barn was
also dug up. About the place in what
would have seemed safe spots for the old
hermit to have burled his yellow gold are
great excavations. Near the .house on
the edge of jan excavation were found
two glass jars having 1 the appearance of
having been buried for years, nnd It was
in these receptacles that part of the treas
ure was probably hidden. The searchers
were evidently satisfied with their find,
for they left their tools alongside the jars.
Special Administrator C. D. Beverson
made this report to-day to Attorney C. L.
Witten, who was Cullen's attorney.
It Is thought that Cullen had at least
$20,000 buried. He always had good crops,
and his fat cattle found a ready sale.
During the past* season It Is known Cullen
received $1500 for the sale of cattle and
grain, and this money cannot be found.
He did not have an account at any of the
banks. Cullen never spent a cent. It is
believed he had fully $20,000 in bills and
gold buried.
Cullen's only relatives are three sisters-
Mrs. Rosa Sparks of San Francisco and
Mrs. Maria Gaffney and Mrs. Broyerty,
both residing in Ireland. By a will exe
cuted a few hours before his death the
entire estate was left to Mrs. Spar.ks, who
was named to serve as executor without
bonds. A contest has already been filed
by W. C. Kennedy on behalf of the heirs
In Ireland, tho grounds being that Mrs.
Sparks exercised undue Inlluence over
him and that he was unsound of mind at
the time of .making the instrument.
Roger Sherman, one of the witnesses to
the will, has ulready testified that Cullen
was mentally unbalanced when the will
was made. The value of the real property
of the estate is about $15,000.
?
DROWNED IN THE CREEK.
Body of Little Lawrence Hufford
* Finally Found.
• REDDING, Jan. 11.— The body of 4-year
old Lawrence Hufford was found to-day
in Cloner Creek, where the- child was
drowned. A 'week ago to-day the boy
strayed away, from his home in. the Oak
Run region, thirty miles from Redding.
Since that time all the people within a
radius of ten miles of the Hufford home
have joined in the search for the missing
child. As the search progressed without
result the terrible theory was advanced
that the little one had been killed and
eaten by the wild animals which abound
In that region.
FREE CONSULTATION.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men
exclusively. '£ : . £
DR. METERS & CO. conduct the Jargr-
est and best equipped medical institution
and have the most extensive practice in
the world. They avoid th* use of all
mineral, poisonous or dangerous dru«9
and electric belts. All their remedies are
carefully compounded in their private
laboratory, without cost to their patients.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Thousands of men are cured at home
every year. If you cannot visit San. Fran-
cisco, write for free private book, advice,
question list. etc. All correspondence
confidential. No- printing on envelopes or
packages, to Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. JF.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR.
HOURS— Daily. 8. to 5. Evenings,
7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 1L
MARTINEZ. Jan. 11.— At midnight Jo
seph P. Jones. Judge of the Superior
Court hero, passed away. His death was
sutjil^n and very unexpected, and has cast
a gloom over the ontire county. He wa3
well known in all parts of the State; hav
ing frequently exchanged with other
Judgf-s to bold trials.
Tuesday, he tried several eas*.-s. and in
the afternoon; Just before leaving court,
F«?t a writ <;f habeas corpus for hearing
next day. Early on Wednesday morning
he was taken ill very suddenly and bo
came unconscious. Drs. Merrlrl and Mul
ligan wore callod in ami kept the spark of
life aglow by stimulants. In th<- evening
L>r. Tausslß arrived from Oakland; and
the three physicians worked with him till
d'-aih came.
Shortly after 11 his throe boys, who wore
in San Francisco, and had been tele
graphed for, arrived home on the early
evening train. The Judge did not regain
consciousness, but parsed away, sur
rounded by his wife and children and
many relatives who reside In this town.
The deceased was born in Indiana In
1544 and shortly afterward Itis parents
movK) to Oregon, in ISj4 he graduated
from the Willamette University, receiving
the degree of A. H. In J.v.5 he returned to
his native State, and in ls»»7 graduated
from the lav.- department of the State
University at Bloomlngton. Iteturning ro
Oregon he drifted Into tho mines of
Northern California and worked there f</r
somo time without success. In lMft became
t<» Martinez and commonec-d to practice
law. forming a partnership with li. Mills.
Afterward he entered the District Attor
ney's office as deputy and served till IS7S.
when he was honored by being selected
to till the chief position himself. From
this office he went to tho Assembly ami
was a member of the Judiciary Committee
anil the Committee on Federal Relations.
In ISS.I he was chosen as Superior Judge,
and has succeeded himself at each subse
quent election. If he '.>nA lived till the
end of- this term he would have survoil
sixteen years. During his career as» Judge
ho made an enviable record. But few of
his cases that wont to the Supremo
Court were reversed, and tho Judge was
noted for his probity and rupgod honesty;
Many Important .land cases have boon
tried .before him, especially tho Sobrimtt;
rancho case, which involved tho title to
half the land In the county and hns bocn
In th<» courts for tho last twenty years.
During tho psst year Jutlge Jones v/es
(¦•elected to try the celebrated Hite divorce
case of 2lartposa County, and when the
decision Mas given for Indian I^ucy he
received compliments from all parts <if
the State.
On account of the poor health of tho
widow it is thought tho funeral will bo
held to-morrow. Besides the widow ther»
are left to mourn his loss four children —
M. It. Jones, an attorney; Thomas It., a
dentist' of Ran Francisco; Carl 11.. attend*
Ing tho State University, and Pearl Jones.
Flags are at half-mast over the town and
all public offices will be closed on the day
of the funvral.
Attorney Lprnion, who Is associated vuth
Hon. W. \V. Footo, says the cane row
stands exactly as if Judge Jones had
c3on<' nothing with it.
"The action cf the Indian woman was
for a divorce and division of the commu
nity property," said Attorney I^ermen.
"Mr. Hite denied that he ever was n:ar
ric<l to the Indian woman, and the case
was really fought out upon that question.
anil while th« court has already Inform
ally expressed Its opinion on this question,
ami that it would decide against the man
an.l In favor of the woman when the
proper timo came, he died before the time
came and before he had an opportunity
of putting his opinion and decision in
logal form. In .«o far as his connection
with the case Is concerned everything that
he has done must be done over again.
"Thf- last act performed by Judge Jones
in th!* matter was merely an expression
of opinion upon his part as to the meiits
of th«> case in so far as the marriage of
tho parties was concerned. There had
bi'cn a previous agreement between noun.
se] and the Judge that the case should lie
first tried solely upon the question of the
marriage of the parties, and that the
questions of property should be held In re
serve untl! fift^r the Judge had heard suf
ficient evidence upon the question of mar
riage and had det^rmlne'd whether or not
in his opinion, carriage had been es
tablished.
"In the event that he did» not think
that the evidence warranted a finding
that tho marriage had been established,
thm there was no ne<»d of going inlo the.
questions of property, and in the ewnt
that he was of the opinion that the par
ties had .been married then a subsequent
examination should be held with regard
to the wealth of the defendant to guide
the Judgo in determining how much of
his property should be awarded to the
plaintiff. Tho inquiry had proceeded as
far as tho first stage. Thore was a fur
ther stipulation between the -parties and
tho court that tho question of alimony
ana counsel fees should follow the ques
tion of marriage, ana that the Inquiry
into the question whether or not the par
ties had been married should also be usod
for the piuyose of determining whether
or not tho t'lalntiff was entitled to "any
alimony and counsel feos; in other words,
he was trying both questions at the same
time.
"Thoro was nnt and could not be a com
pletfl trial of tho case until the property
questions had ho ( n sottlod; there was
only ono complete trial,- and until after
tho property questions had boon settled
tho oaso Itself was not determined. The
Judge postponed tho making of an order
awarding any counsel rees and alimony
until tho final determination of the case,
when tho findings would be signed and"
died after tho property questions had been
fully (l^torminod.
"The nf-xt hearing of the case, when
theso matters would be brought up, was
sot for tho 17th of this month, after
which, in all probability, an ordor direct
ing- tho payment of alimony and counsel
fees would bo made and signed by the
Judge, as well, also, the findings of fact
and conclusions of law. which constitute
tho final decision of the trial Judge, when,
nnd not 'before, tho .case would be-com-
Judge Jones' sudden death makes it nec
essary to commence anew the litigation
instituted by Lucy, tho Indian woman,
against John R. Hltc. the M.irlposa mill
ionaire. The first stage of the suit was
concluded some weeks ago. when Jud^e
Jones Intimated that he would find that
there had been a marriage between lilte
and the Indian woman. No ordor has
been made, however, and no findlfigs
drawn up and signed, so the result of the
trial is nullified.
plotrd so far as tho trial itself was con
cerned. No order for counsel fees
having ever been made and signed, and
no findings h.-iving been signed or filed,
the case stands as If no trial hafl ever
been held, the Judge having died before
formally and In legal form expressing his
opinion and making his decision.
"The case Is precisely as if a jury were
trying the case and one or more of the
jurymen should die before a verdict was
rendered— the case would have to be tried
all over again."
si »'» a»s»»»»asftt»»ac*»
.0 ©
:.. Lucky Baldwin is going to ~
£j try fortune again. He leaves '
~ for Nome in the Spring. Bead ~*
his story — written by himself.
B In next Sunday's Call. *2
tf - . ' $
Care of Police Patrol.
The Police Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday decided to submit
a report at the next meeting of the board
recommending the transfer of the care
and maintenance of the hordes, wagons
and ambulances of the poUce patrol to
the absolute control of the Board of Police
Commissioners.
Assault With a Dangerous Weapon.
C. F. Grote, a passenger on the Moana,
swore to a complaint yesterday in the of
fice of the United States District Attorney
charging George Hendry. a negro variety
actor, with assaulting him on the high
seas with a beer, glass. Both men are
American citizens and were returning to
this country from Australia. Hendry
lives in Chicago and Grote's home is in
this city.
OBJECT TO A HOCK CRUSHER.
Mission Residents Appeal to the Su
pervisors for Belief.
The" Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs yesterday filed a petition with the
Board of Supervisors for the abatement of
a nuisance alleged to be maintained by
Gray Brothers, Mary Lynda Craig and
Samuel Foster, in operating a quarry and
rock crusher at the corner of Clipper and
Douglas streets. It is alleged that the
rock crusher endangers the lives of the
residents in the vicinity and has injured
the value of the surrounding property.
The petition concludes:
"We represent that the rock crusher is
run daily and sometimes during the hours
of night. Blasts have been exploded and
thrown rocks through the houses of Mrs.
Christopher, situated on Clipper and Dia
mond streets; of Barney Matthews, -P.
Zatnitt and other residents. : . The rains
have washed down the screenings and
tailings from the quarry and have filled
the »ewers bo that the -proper flow of
storm waters fs prevented, and have also
tilled up the sidewalks from one. to two
feet deep, rendering the fire plugs use
less. House owners have been compelled
to use sand bags to prevent their houses
from being flooded and could not enter
or leave their houses without wading
through water and sllckens up to their
ehoetops."
Charged with Grand Larceny.
Eddie Yarrow, aged 18 years, was book-
Ed at the City Prison yesterday by Police
men Morris and Pearl on a charge of
grand larceny. He is accused of stealing
a gold watch, chain and locket early last
Sunday morning from William Wempe. 321
Oak street. The watch, chain and locket
were recovered: :« :.-.'..
Playing cards with new backs, very ar-
tistic; also new tally cards and game
counters. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar-
ket street. : . ¦¦¦¦>\\''-' •
Jubilee Celebration.
Next Saturday night the joint ninth of
September", 1900, 'celebration Committee of
the Native Sons of the Golden West will
hold a meeting In Balboa Hall of the Na
tive Sons building for the purpose of per
fecting a permanent organization and lay-
Ing out the preliminary .jvork for the cel
ebration of the, llftleth anniversary bf the
admission of California' into the Union.
DOCTOR COMMITS SUICIDE.
Noted Eye and Ear Specialist Found
Dead in His Office.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 11.— Dr. J. C. Mulhall, a
noted eye and ear specialist, was. found
dead this afternoon in his office. He had
been shot through the heart. A revolver
was found lying beside the body and this,
with the fact that all the doors of the of
fice were locked, seemed "to Indicate sui-
Byrnes Was a "Good Thing."
Edward Byrnes, a laborer from Seattle,
was before Judge Qabaniss yesterday on
charges of assault to murder and assault
with a deadly weapon. He was In the
Eureka Wuslc Hall on Kearny street New
Year's night and proved to be a "good
thing." He spent considerable money on
beer, but when they wanted to charge him
$5 for a bottle of wine he objected and
a row followed. Byrnes pulled a razor
out of his pocket and cut Charles Wil
liams slightly and attempted to cut Wil
liam Kirk, both waiters in the place. The
Judge, after hearing the evidence, dis
missed both cases.
CONDITION OF STATE BANKS.
Satisfactory Showing of Their Busi
ness on Last November.
Secretary Dunsmore of the Bank rv.m
mission has Just .finished compiling the ™~
ports of the commercial banks O f the
State, showing their standing at tho doll
of business on November 30. The result?
factor?- BhoWn are consld "ed ver/saU*!
RESOURCES.
Bank prernisps *i «c .¦« ?.
Real estate taken for debt.. "*" » l2i •??! "
Miscellaneous bonds and stocks"" infi-finr' ci
Loans on real estate *" ]% 'tHh $£
Loans on stocks, bonds and war- ' 13%> - S3 - b
Loans on other "Beciiritips'igraini 13145012 M
Loans on" personal" security "and 8>934>4:i9 40
overdrafts * lv ?
Money on hand \\ f. •£?•£# «
Due from banks and bankers. i""" s&ctcim -n
Other assets "\ "~?l- 6 %™ J-
Total resources ? 1K ... , Z
LIABILITIES $Ufi -" 4 - 3 " i "
rapitnl paid In coin j« :kot , „
Reserve fund, profit and losiTand
contingent fund «¦„ X , «
Due depositors SttlKutiS
Due banks and bankers ... £l5«i«M
Other liabilities ' J-iVr , „ --
pubne funds ";;;.::.:::::::::::. ?-. jo!t v
Total liabilities $146,144,377 57
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY
Q) 1351 UA2X2? SS. tat. C± iT'-i. UlCft ,
ry^ The Larje^t Anatomical Museum in the
World W -ikne'sM rr any enmractid
'/S fel 1 Specialist »• tbe Co»*t L,L 30 y-*r«. !
flS*Nfi CR.JOS3AM-PBJYATE DISEASES.
F^G»^2 Consultation fr-e »nd «ri t!jr r""»w
H <V *C M /W.'im Cure 111 every ca.cu-.. irmken. '
oif I & Write for Bnok.PHll-OSOPnYaf.
• jl 1 atlllllAl.l . MILLED FKK3. (A 1
A I, valuable book fox mm j
|)H JUBDAXAI'O.JOSI Mark*tSt..S. F. :
URGES IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY.
North Centra.l Improvement Club
Wants Hall of Justice Put to
Use.
The North Central Improvement Club
petitioned the Board of Supervisors yes
terday, to ascertain if some steps cannot
be taken to hasten the occupancy of the
Hall of Justice. Secretary Edgar Painter
of the association stated that a visit to
the building was made a few days since
and no work was being done on the floors
of the halls, which are to be tiled, and
tho elevator to the jail on the top floor
had not been constructed. The petition
concludes: " T l~ : ", . , , ,
"We understand the locking devices for
the jail are not according to specifications,
but we respectfully ask your attention
and consideration td ordering the occu
pancy of the hall at the present time,
making the changes required hereafter.
We wish to call your attentton to the un
necessary hardships entailed on property
owners for the last several years due to
the many previous delays."
DISASTROUS TYPHOON.
f i . -V
Hundreds of Lives Lost on the Jap-
anese Coast.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 11.-Advices by
the Empress of Japan contain the news of
a fierce storm having swept over the Jap
anese coast on the 24th of December, by
•which thirty-five junks were lost while
being towed from Osaka to Kobe, and ill
persons perished. A tidal wave accom
panied the storm and 411 lives* in all were
lost.
Prominent Physician Dead.
P.OSTON. Jan. 11.— Mrs. Elizabeth J.
French of Philadelphia, one of the best
known woman physicians in the country.
died at her daughter's home here late this
afternoon.
COURT NOTES.
Bert C. Gray, the notorious young des
perado, was again held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan yes
terday on a charge of burglary in 12000
bonds for breaking into the room of C S
Myrick, 6a Sutter street.
Joseph Sturni. a baker at Clement and
Fifth avenues, was arrested yesterday on
a warrant charging him with failure tS
provide for a minor child, on the com
li\ed since. he was compelled to marry her
a few months ago to save himself from
being prosecuted. ™* " Irom
Alfred IJateman. the 0-year-old newsboy
who stole silk handkerchiefs and P sT£ w la
£r J^ empe nrother *. Main and MiJsTor!
streets, was yesterday sent to the Youths"
Directory by Judge Mogan, and Jernr
Dean, the teamster, was exonerated from
all suspicion of having bought any of th^
stolen property from the boy c
Dr- C- C. J. Wachendorf. recently ac
Judge Hebbard is at present hearine thi»
evidence In tho case of Robert J Jack
son for a divorce from his wife Mrs Rose
Jackson, on the ground that she imbibed
to excess at least twice a week { ,
Jackson insists that she is the victim cf
a conspiracy. *,"™
Jlallots cast in nine precincts during the
last election were counted yesterday in
the Farnham-Boland contest. During tho
day Farnham lost two votes his trafn 111 1
date being forty-two votes. S n lo
_ T he jury completed, the third trial of
Ruby Raymond, charged with takln*
away Nathalie Danforth, a minor for un^
lawful purposes, was commenced vest"?,
day before Judge Lawlor. J^sier-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
KIDNEY,
BLADDER AND
SPECIAL DISEASES 0E
MEN CURED BY
DR. MEYERS & CO.
FATIEXTS HAY DEPOSIT THE
price of a cure in any fan Fnnct?i-n
bank, to be paM only after they are •well,
or nv-y pny In monthly installments.
Prices reasonable. No other doctors will
make kuch an offer.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any ' Price.
Will Move Downtown.
At a meeting of Mission Parlor. N. P.
G. W., Wednesday night, it was finally
decldsd to move downtown and take quar
ters in Native Sons' Hall. The action
was not unexpected, as the proposition
had been under consideration for some
time.
REEL B. TERRY, one of the best known lawyers of this city, died
yesterday in a sanitarium at Altruria, Sonoma County. His health
began to fail last June. At first the cause of his decline puzzled his
physician, but later It developed that It was spinal trouble due to a
wrench of the muscles of the back, which was aggravated by a severe at
tack of Inflammatory rheumatism. Several inches of his spine were affected,
causing great nervous irritation, accompanied with a complete loss of appe
tite. With his natural grit, Terry refused to give up to his sickness until he
became so weak that he was almost a burden to himself. Shortly after Christ
mas he consented to oe taken to the Altruria' sanitarium for treatment.
He had allowed his malady to gain too much headway, however, and nothing
that medical skill could do offered him any relief, and he sank rapidly. until
the end came yesterday. Deceased was forty years of age.
There was no young man more prominent in this part of the State than
Reel B. Terry. From the time he cast "his first vote he was an earnest
advocate of Democracy, and was prominently Identified with that political
organization, being for years the party leader of Fresno County. He was
elected by a handsoraa majority to the office of District Attorney of Fresno,
and made an enviable record. Later his party nominated him for Congress,
but owing to internal dissensions in the county organization he was de
feated
He was a man outspoken and fearless in all his public career and this
characteristic frequently Brought him into collision with members of his party
who. while admiring his bravery, differed from his views.
Reel Terry's parents died when he was still a boy and he was taken Into
the home of his uncle, the late Judge David S. Terry. He received a
thorough education in the law- and when he branched out for himself he
opened offices at Fresno, where he practiced for nearly sixteen years until
he moved to this city about three years ago. Success marked his career as
an attorney. He was popular with his fellow members of 'the bar. who
deenlv recrret his untimely demise.
Mr. Terry was married to Miss Kelsey, a sister of Mrs. Van R. Pater
son, and besides the widow leaves a daughter. Miss Bernlce, now 17 years old.
Mrs. and Miss Terry left for Altruria yesterday afternoon to arrange for
the funeral.
GENERAL DABNEY MAURY
CALLED TO HIS REST
End of a Famous Virginian Who
Once Was Minister to
Colombia.
TEORIA. 111., Jan. 11.— General Dnbney
Herendeux Maury died to-day at the resi
dence of his son in this city. General
Maury was born in Fredericksburg, Va.,
May 21. 1522. He left the University of
Virginia in 1842 and entered the military
academy at West Point. At Vera Crus
and at Cerro Gordo he proved himself a
gallant officer and was complimented by
spcciiil orders. In 1R52 he was married to
Miss Nannie Hose Mason. When Virginia
seceded from the Union Captain Maury
was appoirtted lieutenant colonel In the
Confederate army and colonel In the
A"rmy of Virginia. He fought at luka,
Corinth, Natchez Bridge and Vicksburjc.
While at Corinth he was transferred to
the Department of the Gulf, where he re
mained until the close of the war. Lnuer
the administration of President Cleveland
General Maury was Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United
States of Colombia. He has also written
two books, "Recollections of a Virginian"
and "A Child's History of Virginia."
BANK PRESIDENT IS
SHOT AND KILLED
Colonel John F. Stone Meets His
Death While Evicting a Man
on Foreclosure.
t^ IN S F J. SHERi °- T - Jan - "-Colonel
John F otonc. president of the lYople's
Bar.k. Kingfisher, was shot and killed at
2 o clock this afternoon at the farm of
Jim Catcher, near Columbia. Kingfisher
County. Colonel Stone had foreclosed a
mortgage on Watcher and went to-day to
take possession. Watcher claimed his at
torney had advised him to resist eviction
Colonel Stone was one of the majors in
ht e > Fi \- 1 , Terri torial regiment. L'nlted
? * ?/L\£ lUn V OrS V and was at th e time of
liona dd i e Gu h ard° lOnCl ° fthe ™**°™ *a-
REEL B. TERRY SUDDENLY
SUMMONED TO HIS GRAVE
MOURNED THEIR
DEAD PRIEST
Thousands at Funeral
of Dr. McGlynn.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11. -The funeral to
day of Rev. Dr. Edward MeGlynn in St.
Stephen's Church, of which he was for
merly the pastor, was the occasion of a
manifestation of popu!ar affection such as
has been rarely witnessed. The coffin con
taining the remains of the beloved priest
was deposited at the altar rail of the
church and from 5:?>0 a. m. "until the doors
werq closed, at 12:30 p. m., 40.000 persons.
it Is' '.stlmated. looked upon the face of
the dead. . For four hours a compact
stream of humanity poured into the
church. They moved in pairs up the mid
dle wlsle to the foot of the cotfln; there
they parted, one person going to the right,
the other to the left, and then, after gaz
ing upon the face that had been loved by
so many thousands, they passed out of
the church. Many remained in the church
and the pews were crowded with more
than 2500 persons long before the doom
were closed. At that time there were
many on the street who had not been able
to pain admission.
Tlie head had been slightly raised in
deference to an understood wish that
everybody in thec hurch might see the
features of the dead from different parts
of the church. The purple robes of the
priest still clothed his body nnd a crucifix
was clasped in his hands. The features
wore the same -benevolent expression as
In life.-
The chancel was in black and white. All
the candelabra, altar fixings and altars"
wen* clothed in 'these somber colors, the
white altar cloths having been exchanged
for black -with white fringe. To the left
of the middle" of the sanctuary as one
faced the altar was seen a magnificent
cross of flowers, surmounted by a dove.
To the right was a large pillow of red car
nations, forget-me-nots and mignonette.
Both were striking designs.
Among the first to push their way
through the crowd with the aid of 00 po"
licemen detailed to preserve order in the
vicinity of the church were fifty letter
carriers from the Letter Carriers' Union,
which has held Dr. McOlynn in great re
spect since his aid to them. These men
brought a handsome floral wreath with
old Celtic lettering, reading, "Saga
Theron." or in English, "Our Beloved
Priest."
The obsequies began at 0:30 with a sol
emn chant for the dead, conducted by
Rev. Thomas F: McLoughlin and Rev.
Thomas O'Connor of St. Stephen's.
• The mass of requiem according to the
rules of the Roman Catholic faith was
celebrated by Rev. Charles McCready.
Right Rev. Mgr. J. F, Mboney, vicar gen
eral, delivered the eulogy, and the linal
absolution was. given by Archbishop Cor
rigan. The body was .taken to Calvary
Cemetery in Brooklyn.
DEATH SUDDENLY CALLS
JUDGE JOSEPH. P. JONES
Failed to Sign a Decree In the Hite Case
and the Indian Woman Must Fight
Notable Deaths of One Day
cide. It is supposed that the act was
caused by despondency on account ot Hi
health. Dr. Mulhall. who was 49 years old.
leaves a widow and three children.
CAREY'S WILL FILED.
Set Aside a Portion for His Funeral
Expenses.
Specinl Disrßtch to The Call
SAX JOSE. Jan. 11.— The will of John
B. Carey, a capitalist, who died here on
November 111 last, has been filed for pro
bate. He had been Mayor of Wichita,
Kans., at one time, and most of his es
tate, worth nearly $250,000. is there. For
a number of yenra he had resided in San
Jose. His will Is a peculiar one. He pro
vided for n Jl5OO funeral, and gave -im
plicit instruction* that no matter where
he died his remains were to be taken to
Texas, Dewitt County, 111., and buried in
the same grave with hi* first wife and
children. Hl* pecond wife, however, Is
not overlooked, but in given ?40,000 cash
for herself and children, besides a month
ly income of $100 hs long as she. remains a
widow. CharU'fi' \V. Carey, a son, gets
$20,000: Lizzie M. CureV. a daughter, $20,
o<X>; Joseph Carey, o con, $10,000; Luella M.
Dowden $5000, Ed Carey $4000 and John B.
Carey, a graridtson, tfiOOO. There are many
other minor bequests. . To hiK son, Wil
liam P. Carey, he leaves the Hotel Carey
property in Wichita. Kans.. on the condi
tion that he pay his second wife the $lf>ol f >0
rr.onthly as long as she remains a widow.
In case any of the heirs attempt a con
test they are to be entirely disinherited.
CHINESE BUREAU
IS AFFECTED BY
PROCTOR'S BILL
Immigration Officials
to Handle It.
PORT COLLECTOR RELIEVED
IXURRY IN FEDERAL CIRCLES
OVER. PROPOSED CHANGE.
Important Modifications Reg-arding
Evidence and Cutting Do-wn
Fees Heretofore Received
by Attorneys.
A copy of Senate bill No. 1938, intro
duced by Senator Proctor on the 3d of the
present month, changing the mode of en
forcing the provisions of the Chinese ex
clusion act. has reached this city and has
caused considerable flurry in Federal cir
cles.
The biil authorizes ;be Secretary of the
Treasury to commit the administration of
: '-• Chinese exclusion laws to th« Bureau
< f tnußicratlotk This bill, if it should be
come a law. wIM tnke the management of
Chinese immigration out of the hands of
the Custom* Collector and entirely re
lieve that official of the annoyance of
Jnoking after a department altogether for
« !cb to thai of the collection of duties. At
j his port the examination cf the applica
tions of Chinese for admission takes up
at kast one-third of the time of the Col-
Sector and has caused him to work over
time, ii -1 of which is to the detriment of
iti*> department. Collector Jackson has
devoted more of his persona] time and at
tention to this branch of his duties than
have suiy.of his predecessors, who felt
themselves forced by the pressure of busi
ness in have many of the details to the
< bfefs of th<* Chinese Bureau; thereby
placing temptation In the way of other
wise good men. with the r<-sult that the
bureau h«s reeked with scandal so un
savory ar to be beyond fumigation.
. A partial solution of the difficulty was
attempted when the Secretary of the
rreaeury detailed the present chief, Mr.
Dunn. t«j take charge ef the bureau, but
:t wns found thai this arrangement did
not lighten the burden of the Collector,
because h*- alone -could deny a landing or
allow a landing to a Chinese immigrant.
Thr Treasury Department came to the
conclusion that the business onuld better
he handled by the Immigration Bureau
and without any additional expense, so
that the. Collector of the port of San
FranciSco could devote his whole time
and attention to the duty of collecting
the customs dues. The bill was lntro-
Uucod by Senator Proctor at the request
of the Treasury Department, and there
Is littie doubt that it will pass.
Among the changes in the present reg
ulations made by the bill Is that of the
right and mode of appeal from the judg
m«m of the Immigration Commissioner.
Appeal may be taken to the United States
District Court by a written application of
the I'nited Stat.-s District Attorney, all
appeals to be liied within thr»-e days from
the time of the announcement of trie judg
ment or order. An appeal to the Su
preme Ourt of the I'nitcd States from
the judgment of the District Court ma*
b«» had on written application. The *iV -
cif-ion of the immigration ofllcer, if ad
verse to the admission of a Chinese nc:-
pon. shall be final, unless reversed on ap
peal to the Secretary «.f the Treasury.
In all caFfs when- the applicant claims
to bo a native-born citizen ot the l'nit«-d i
States the fact of Mrth murt be tstab- i
lished by at l»»aPt one credible white wit- !
ness, or by an authenticated copy of tnei
record of the birth tjf the applicant; pro
vided such record has been made within!
one year after the birth of the applicant, j
A Chinaman landing clandestinely mu.-t >
be deported, regardless of his legal right j
to land. It shall be unlawful for any
Cdted States Commissioner to issue ;nv |
certificate stating that any Chinese person j
has been found by him to be a na
tive ?f the l*nited States, or to issue any
certificate or instrument of any kind is j
to the status nr rights of any Chinese !
person. All such certificates *hall be null j
and void and shall Ik? confiscated.
If tho lilll Kbeuld become a law a rer
tajn clai-s of lawyc-rc who ir.akf a special
ty of landing Chinese will lind thoir ocou- 1
patior* poll.. for tr»> laws ot the Immipr-i
tion *JJur*-au prohibit tho charge by a:.y
person of a toe gr< at< r than $5 for each
case. Enormous f€-<-s have been the ban»»
of the Chines' 4 business in the Federal
department and have beon. a great in
centive, to corruption. Four years a.ro
onr- firm of lawyers coM^ctcd $12,000 In
fore for habeas corpus rases at $20 ench.
ThcCW cj>s<s were put through in on«
Treek.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
CLARK HOLDS
MAYOR'S CHair
Judge Hughes Dissolves
the Injunction.
Special Dispatchjo The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11.-JudS« J. VT"
Hughes of the Superior Court to-rla> i>
sued an order dissolving the »nJ u " c «™
brought by William Land to P re^
Geor B e H. Clark from interfering *ri^
the former's dl*chan?e of the dutie3 of
the office cf Mayor. m % ,
This is regarded by Clark's friends aa
a complete victory, but Land is appar
ently not satisfied and proposes^ to go ia
even greater lengths to prevent Clark tnh.
ir.? the office to which he was elected b>
the votes of the people !n November fan.
His attorneys have advised him that no
is still Mayor, and Land announces thac
he will discharge the duties of his P O3 ' 1 ' o'*0 '*
from the hotel which he owns and wnicn,
will be his official headquarters.
Clark, however, has the keys of the rec
ular Mayors office, and he proposes 10
keep them. All of the city aepartments
recognize him as Mayor and he Is nuw
exercising the functions cf the office.
Land's attorneys declare that they win
appeal to the Supreme Court from tho
decision of Jutiße Hughes to-day. T.ni>
contempt proceedings brought against
Clark and his attorney. Hiram Johnson,
as well as the Board of Trustees for their
failure, as alleged, to recognize him a*
Mayor after the issue of th;^ injunction
came up this afternoon for hearing, but
were continued t>> Wednesday next.
The Bradley suit agatosi Clark, brought
nnder the purity of elections law, cornea
up on Tuesday next.
Immediately lifter the dissolution of thrt
Injunction against him to-day Mayi-r
Clark transmitted to the Board of Trus
tees a message as follows:
To the Hoard of Trustees o! the City o? P.ne
ramfntn-Gentlemen: I am pleased to inform
you that at this hour. M a. m.. Thursday. Jan
uary 11 130" I am in th«- actual. occupancy <«C
the place of business of the Mayor of the city
of Sacramento, and actually performing th->
duties ot the office of Mayor of said city. At
9:30 a. m. to-day the injunction granted by
Judge Matt F. Johnson. Monday nitsht last,
¦was dissolved by Superior Judge J. W. Hushes,
who determined" at that time that I was the <1«
facto Mayor of this city. 1 shall maintain,
continuously now the regular office hours pro
vided by the charter, and shall be pleased at
all times Id meet your board, either individually
or collectively, and to receive and act upoa
your suggestions.
I gratefully acknowledge the receipt from
your board on Monday afternoon last of the no
tification of your organization, and I feel, as I
have said to you heretofore, that we will work
in harmony for our New Sacramento. Respect
fully. GEOHGE 11. CLARK. Mayor.
Sacramento. Cal.. January 11. 19C0.
Chest and
Lungs
Many people who take cold
easily wear chest and lung
protectors during the winter.
Our stock of these goods is
very complete,containing va-
rious kinds and sizes.
The Owl Chest *nd Lung
Protectors — .rn^ade of best qual-
ity of red felt, button on left
shoulder, hang about the neck
over chef t S OC
The larger size, made similar
to above, but cover more of
the form and strap about waist 75c
Manhattan Chest and Lung
Protectors — made of very best
2nd softest chamoise, lined
with red felt; button on one
side 75c
free de'lvery'o railroad points within
joo miles on orJers cf $5 or up.
J*®C~ ii2s market st -
<T*Aor.-!S»^ SAM rHANCISCO
10th and BROADWAY. Oakland
4
JUDGE JOSEPH P. JONES.WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ft^g^S
IdAMOXD COAL MIXJNO CO.. at iU GREEN
JUVEU COKUERIES. Is the ne»t Coal In th»
, tuxkeu o:r.t c zxA \ ami*— oo Mala street.
Police Pension Fund Swelled.
One of the Italian societies of this city
has the honor of paying Into the police
pension fund the first two dollars and a
half for special police protection at a
ball ,whlch they intend to hold Saturday
night at Garibaldi Hall. Section 12.
chapter 10 of the charter specifies that
where a society or organization requests
a special detail of policemen to attend a
picnic, masquerade ball or other social
function it shall deposit with the property
clerk the sum of $2 50 for each policeman
detailed. Acting Chief Blggy states that
hereafter this provision of the charter will
be strictly adhered to.
of Justice, yesterday and states that the*
work on the building as far as It has pro
gressed ha« been properly done. He thinks
that It should be rf-ady for occupancy by
February 15 if the work la diligently pros
ecuted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
bTATIONn? ANO PRINTER.
h!0 I'ABTRIDGE "* c^ggg*
Moves to Its New Quarters.
The Civil Service Commission, which has
been occupying temporary quarters in tno
basement of- the City Hall, yesterday
moved upstairs to the rooms formerly oc
cupied by the Superintendent of Streets'
bookkeeper. At the close of office hours
yesterday over 1600 applications for labor
ers' positions were registered, besides an
equal number for positions in the classi
fied service. ' J
Claims Against Widber Estate.
City Attorney Lane yesterday made a
report to the Judiciary Committee of the
Board of Supervisors relative to the con
dition of the Widber estate. Ho stated
that there was in Edgar Pelxotto's hands
the sum of $147 75, to part of which the
city has a claim, which can be compro
mised so that it may receive $S5 53. He
advises that the bills against the Widber
properties should be paid and some dis
position made of the real estate now held
under attachment In this city and Santa
Clara County.
WIT I AMFTTF rvu* and paper co..
V ILL AM E 1 1 L 722 Montgomery it.
JPON FOUNDERS.
V FSTFRV Ffll ! \nßY Mo «°a * Hosier.
VLJI LO.A lUL.'Ulil. Prop,.. 23* Fremont
*t. Carrier* of Ev»ry Description Made to
Or&*r. Tel. Dlack JKiS.
THE appointment of Edward F.
Moran to the office of chief ex-
amlner of the Civil Service Com
mission has given general satis
faction, and it Is the opinion of those
directly and Indirectly Interested that
no more popular or competent man
could have been selected to fill the
place.
Mr. Moran, who is a native son of
this city, has occupied a prominent
position in local Journalism since ISS3,
and by his pronounced abilities and
never failing fairness has won to him
self a host of friends, both In his pro
fession and out. His tastes have led
him for the most part along political
lines, and In every movement for bet
ter government: and the cleansing o(
the body politic he has played a con
spicuous part. To his skillful pen and
his ability to make many and warm
friends Is due a goodly measure of the
success that these last few years has
attended upon efforts to rid the city
of boss rule and corrupt administra
tion. Ho was prominent in the charter
light and a warm champion of Mayor
Phelan during the last campaign, and
brilliantly won the honors which have
Mr. Moran has already taken up h
.time occupied between receiving the c
Ing the hundreds of applicants who are
EDWARD F. MORAN.
it la considered that he has fairly and
come to him. ?
is new duties, and is finding all of his
ongratulations of his friends and list
coming up for the civil service ordeal.
5 There is absolutely no reason wgg^ |»
jxj| why you should not. Your nights wi^^y "'\ S
gof misery may be caused by such v^y^fX ' 8
g diseases as Rheumatism, Lum- ~Y\^ 'j/*M&&^^^fP°
i« bago, Sciatica, Seminal Weak- L $
§ ness or Varicocele, but no matter — S
6 what the cause, I, can cure you -*"*'^7ffiga3*&CL-r^/^ £
§ by the application of electricity $
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. \J=^lr jjj
%% ... «
£ It might seem strange, but it is a fact, nevertheless, t*
g Over 8000 cures for 1899. If you will send me your address d
g I will forward you my little book, "THREE CLASSES OF |
U MEN," which explains all. Consultation and advice frae. «
g Office hours— 9 to 6 ; Sundays 10 to 1. ' ¦ .¦ §
«HO T A QAMHPM 1 8 third street. «
|L/K, 1. A. San Francisco, CaL; d
« U9>* so. Ssrli2 sl, Lcs Aflfc CaL; Russsl BuiMiiz, Poniaad, Cr. o
QUITS JOURNALISM
TO SERVE THE CITY
TRANSFER OF CITY FUNDS.
Auditor Says Charter Provision Will
Not Cause a Deficit.
Auditor Wells received yesterday an
opinion from his attorney. General Dick
inson, regarding the section of the char
ter which provides (or the transfer to th*»
general fund under the charter of
balances of certain funds remain
ing under the consolidation act. The
Auditor was fearful ror a time that
such a course wou'.d create a deficit in
the city's finances before May l next
Hl6 attorney advises him that the lan
guage of the charter Is plain In prescrib
ing his duties with regard to transferring
the balances of all funds except the school
and three or four minor funds to the gen
eral fund. In order to carry out the iPtter
of the charter the Auditor has placed n
placard in his outer olilce reading that no
demands will be signed until after Janu
ary IS. bo that the required transfer of
the funds may be made on his books. '
The Auditor has changed his mind re
garding the prospective deficit In the gen
eral fund which he anticipated from the
provision of the charter referred to. Ha
says now that the moneys for taxes have
been coming in at such a rapid rate that
there will be a sufficiency of coin to carry
on all departments until the end of the
present fiscal year.
£ Lost for thirty-six years **
and found three thousand Q
r~ miles away! Such a queer
story! In next Sunday's Call.
Save money by buying your blank books
printing and all office supplies from San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
CHARTER BILL UNPAID.
Supervisors Requested to Provide
Funds With Which to Pay
Printers.
At the meeting of the Supervisors Print-
Ing Committee yesterday the contract for
printing 5000 copies of the new charter
recently awarded to the Star Press was
considered. L. C. Lovey. manager of the
Star, stated that the Auditor had no
funds with which to pay for printing th»
charter and requested that some action
be taken in the matter. The committee
decided to confer with the Mayor on the
subject.
The clerk was directed to notify all
heada of departments to file requisitions
for stationery and supplies needed In their
offices and to receive bids therefor under
$200.
Consideration of a communication from
the Allied Printing Trades Council re
questing that all city printing be awarded
to union offices privileged to use tho
Trades Council label was postponed until
next Tuesday morning.
SEGREGATING PUBLIC WORK.
The New Board Will Establish Three
Bureaus.
The Board of Public Works was kept
busy all day yesterday perfecting plans
for the establishment of the three depart
ments under Its jurisdiction. These com
prise the bureaus of surveys, construc
tion and public utilities. It was decided
to operate the bureau of surveys as has
been the custom in the City Surveyor's
office. The employes in the latter office
will be retained temporarily and the fees
will be substantially the same as hereto
fore.
A petition from property owners in the
vicinity of San Bruno and Silver avenuea
asking for the establishment of grades
was considered at length, but action was
postponed.
The Civil Service Commission was as
signed to the quarters formerly occupied
by the bookkeeper of the Superintendent
of Streets.
The board will take Immediate steps to
have the walls In the City Hall white
washed and tinted and placed in first
class condition.
The City Attorney will be asked for his
opinion regarding the powers of the board
in the purchase of office furniture. There
is some doubt as to whether the authority
still remains with the Supervisors, as
heretofore.
Chief Engineer Grunsky visited the Hall
PHELAN MAY EXPLAIN.
A Banquet at Which Many Mysteries
May Be Dispelled.
Saturday night Mayor Phelan will ban
quet the newly appointed Commissioners
and the heads of all the municipal de
partments, and the affair Is being lookei
forward to with more than ordinary in
terest by these who have been fortunate
enough to receive invitations. By the
Mayor's Intimates it has been quietly
"handed out" that his Honor will un
bosom himself and explain many of the
mysteries of the late campaign and its
resultant fight for the spoils.
It Is said that single-handed and alone
he will tell Just how the Fire Department
deal was worked, how he secured the vot
ing strength of that organization and suc
ceeded In carrying It off without paying
anything more for it than a bunch of
badly broken promises. Also, according
to best Information, he will recite that
pathetic piece entitled "How Gavin Mc-
Nab Become the Original Dead One: or
How I Got to Be the Whole Thing."
The Mayor, it is said, is also going to
explain where the Commissioners are go
ing to get off In case he keeps his prom
ise to give each Assembly district four
positions in the City Hall; and that he
will also divulge where he proposes to
find the seventy-two positions he has
promised.
Altogether, the coming banquet prom
ises to be most Interesting, and It wijl
doubtless make clear many peculiar oc
currences which to-day are understood by
no one save the Mayor himself.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
APPLICANTS FOR
THE OFFICE Of
CHIEF OF POLICE
Only Three Are in the
Field.
ESOLA, HOGAN AND HOLBROOK
In accordance with the resolution
parsed by the new Board of Police Com
missioners at its inaugural meeting last
Monday all applications for the office of
1 Chief of Police had to be sent in to the
secretary of the board by noon yesterday.
Three applications were received— one
from Lieutenant Frederick L. Esola, one
from Detective Robert Hogan and the
third from Charles B. Holbrook, secre
tary of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to, Animals.
Esola arid Hogan had made no secret
of their intention to apply for the posi
tion, and Esola is conceded by the know-
Ing ones to be a cinch. Holbrook's ambi
tion, however, in that direction was not
suspected and has caused genuine sur
prlso. He was on the police force for some
'years and resigned about ten years ago to
accept the position of secretary to the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. His chances were generally
discussed yesterday and they were not
considered favorable, but it was thought
he might have "something up his sleeve "
Detective Hogan considers his chances
bright. He Is a man of more than, or
dinary Intelligence and shrewdness, and
has proved that lie is also possessed of an
analytical mind that seldom errs.
Considerable surprise was expressed
that thfre were so few applicants. The
name of ex-Sheriff Whelan had been
freely mentioned, and also two at least
of the captains of police. Since Commis
sioner Jilggy assumed the duties of act
ing Chief in such a vigorous manner It
has been freely remarked that he would
be the next Chief, and the fact that he
did not *cr.d In an application led to many
conjectures. '
The question was generally discussed
around the hall as to whether the Com
missioners are bound by their resolution.
or can they Ignore it and appoint a Chief
outside of the three applicants. Better In
formed people took no stock In the dis
cussion. It Is conceded that the Commis
sioners will keep their pledge to Mayor
Phelan to appoint Esola, and that that Is
all there Is to it.
D. Bacigalupi. Dr. Charles D. McGettigan,
Dr. Cecil M. Olmstead. Dr. Harold O. yon
der Leith, Dr. G. Howard Thompson, Dr.
F. R. Dray, Dr. W. R. Dorr. Dr. Frederick
R. Starr. Dr. Victor C. Putnam. Dr. Frank
Robinson. Two disinfectors at a salary
or $75 a month each, I. J,. David and W
H. Duren. Two stewards at the Harbor
Hospital, salary $60 a month each. Bert
Davis and C. B. I^edbetter. Five food in
spectors, salary $75 each a month— J. T.
Silvara, Captain W. R. Robertson, U S
V.-. Edward M. Coffey, Edward Murphy.
Joseph Laheny.
Resolutions were introduced by Dr. Hop
kins providing that owing to the necessity
for rigid economy- in the Health Depart
ment the chief emergency surgeon be au
thorized to place his twelve assistants on
alternate monthly service, so that six only
will be employed each month. The resolu
tions were adopted.
After the meeting Dr. Williamson stated
that he had had a consultation with Gov
ernor Gage yesterday morning regarding
the discontinuance of the quarantine ser
vice. The Governor stated that he was
not conversant with the questions at Issue
and requested Dr. Williamson to confer
with George A. Knight, the attorney of
the dispossessed board.
MORE APPOINTMENTS BY
NEW BOARD OF HEALTH
POSITION OF CHIEF EMERGENCY
SURGEON CREATED.
Food Inspection Bureau Re-estab
lished With Five Inspectors — No
Conclusion Arrived at Re
garding 1 Quarantine.
The work of creating positions and ap
pointing officials to fill them vrent merrily
on last night at a meeting of the Board of
Health called especially for that purpose.
All the members of the board were pres
ent with the exception of Dr. McCarthy,
and were provided with a typewritten list
of those slated for appointment, so that
the task of filling the positions was per
formed with such exceeding rapidity that
Dr. Williamson, who presided, declarea
one man appointed before the position was
created. The little slip caused a sup
pressed tittering among the spectators,
and Dr. Williamson goodnaturedly joined
in the laugh after the error had been cor
rected.
As was Intimated last Wednesday, the
abolishment of the food inspection bureau
was only temporary, and five food In
spectors were appointed at a salary of $75
a month each. The position of chief food
Inspector was left to be filled at a future
meeting. A new position, to be known as
chief emergency surgeon, was created to
take the place of what was formerly
known as police surgeon. He 1 was al
lowed twelve assistants.
Following is a list of the appointments
In the order In which they were made:
Teamster, Almshouse, salary $40 a
month, W. Ryan. Commissary at City
and County Hospital, salary $125 a month,
J. W. Magulre. Assistant plumbing in
spector, salary $100 a month, \V. H. Tobln.
First assistant plumbing Inspector, salary
$100 a month, James H. Kelly. Second as
sistant plumbing Inspector, salary $100 a
month. P. Mulligan. Sewer inspector, sal
ary $75 a month. J. J. Connolly. Chief
emergency surgeon, salary $150 a month.
Dr. Edwfn Bunnell. Twelve positions of
assistant emergency surgeons at a salary
of $100 a month each, as follows: Dr. Wal
ter M. Thome. Dr. H. E. Morrison, Dr. L.
THE •FTVrPOUTJM. | THE EMPORIUM.
If Sings at Con- Ooldgnl>MlP. Rff Y^afci», 5j Barber Shop—
If cert To-Morrow CALIFORNIA'S LARu£sT~A.nERICA > 5 GRANDEST STORE. Mezzanln*
If Night. Floor.
| January Sales
% Biggest of Ribbon Offerings— "Clean- Ups" of
£ Dress Goods, Suits and Cloaks, Muslin
* Underwear, Blankets, Comforters,
j; Sheets, Men's Shirts, Um-
sf > brellas, Etc., Etc.
I —¦
J The Ribbon Safe is an />fferin°;. of 14,000 yards (note the
H quantity, 14,000 yard3\ of All-Silk Moire TaJJtia gibbons. The color line is
*( complete— no stint of the pinks, creams, blues^and blacks that everybody loote
£ for first. The prices for Friday and Saturday only are:
Jf No. 6—l inch wide 4c yardjNo. 30— 3J inches wide 130 yard
j£ No. 12—2 inches wide- 8o yardjNo. 40 — 3£ inches wide- 16c yard
X No. 22—21 inches wide 110 yard! No. 50— 4| inches wide- 18c yard
£ The Dress Goods "Clean-Up" for this week includes
it hundreds of pieces of this season's prettiest colored Dress Fabrics — lengths
X from lj to 6 yards each — regular prices from 75c to $3 per yard — at one-
jt third otf regular prices.
J California Blankets, $4.9B— Extra quality, weighing: 6i
j£ lbs— a large size 78 inches wide) — they have been slightly soiled in store d«-
* play, hence the exceedingly low price for this veek.
Jf ==
if Full Size Sheets, 38c— 81x90 inches— made from an even
j£ round-thread unbleached cotton- the mill cost of the material alone is now 45c
If — to-day and Saturday, if quantity last 3, each 38c
«f ======
i Leominster $1 Shirts for 55c— Best $1 White Laundered
£ Shirts made— sizes 14, 14J, 16J, 17, 17J and 18 only— for balance of izeik,
5 each - 550
X =======
* Umbrellas, 1-4 Off— Regular prices $1 to $7 each — slightly
X soiled in various store displays— reduced to clean up this Keek.
% '. : ========
f Muslin Wear "Clean-Up"— The semi-annual Muslin Un-
tf derwear and Corset Sales now in progress— goods of superior excellence deeply
*£ price-cut to clean up. Here are some hints:
X Muslin Gowns, hemstitched Tennis Flannel Gowns. 4sc IJI 25 Cornets for «n*.
t .yoke, 4gc 16.95 White Skirts.. .#4^s &c Wool" 1\"u««a 'for! IoS
*;, Jl.u Oowns 9i.m> I
$ =
* One-Quarter Off j January "Clean-Up" of
* Men's $20 Over-\ Ladies' Shoes.
tf CUatS. 1 Wep!aceons«/*fW./ar rs t,
JC f=^| On Friday and Saturday and Saturday only 171
J£ • fe*O only your choice of the pairs Ladies' Black Vici
»i UJ/ big store's entire line of Kid Lace Shoes, cloth and *j? I
*£ Vy4 $20 Overcoats, without re- kid tops, new opera toes jdcL \
h sSrwh^ serve, at one-quar- c and kid tips, sewed flexible iffis\j\
it A Sf A teroff &MO so les, all sizes, fflXfJ
J» / la> I ) Black. Blue or regularly $2.50 j^i J^CtJ
* IX — bts' I \ Brown Ker- „,:- " r lpan nn" /w^tCl/
* (^tfrilY^W?.* seys-many of pa . ir ' C .^ an U P, J /\
* them silk lined [Pnce Friday and
% \^ \'"X throughou t— [Saturday at Vs^ss*"*"'"^
» Tj H /J/^v Coverts, "Whip; # -* —
If 2 M (£y(\ Cords. Vicu- —
m I jT'-'v \ nas and Thi- .*n^
X \L. r~) bets - flih^V 107 pairs Ladies' Red Felt
j£ L g% HO Romeos, black fur trimmed,
X I 1/ >i-_^3 V% Z^ T'^i?/V%. wOOl lined ' turned sewed
X 1/ (/y\A Quarter I soles, broken sizes '6 to 8
tt ll v<S \V Off V S^^^Jfc. o n Ijh regularly
** if J&\ £»«%»«-»' V-JW^A $1.45 pair.to close
I? WUt y^^hl OOyS X them out Friday
Jf ffl Vxr^^^jy $6 >s^^ and Saturday,
If 0..M« "clean-up" price..
g Suns. „ ..$1.05
H On Friday and Saturday only your
X choice of our entire stock of Boy 3* i 6 Two- "
jf piece Suits for ages Bto 16 «/* cZfi
i f^'rTf r r° L ; 7 f ? I Specials for 2 Days.
ft Double-breasted Coat and Knee r ~*j**m
5 Pants— Blue Serges. Cheviots, Cas«l- l^s«#*j^»* > « - «'« c m /*••.*.-,*«.
* meres and Fancy Mixtures, absolutely IXrUirGriGSt-MmitfUOrS.
If aII wool# Go flee— The 35c grade of Emporium
I One-Quarter Off Ail Uocba and Jaya * per lb ~ 30 °
* Men's $1.85 H ats.*! co -*™ 7^ l2l}iSioT -~800~ B00
ft c . . .Corn Meal- Best Eastern, white or
£ r^T~\ Friday and \ ye llow, 10-lb sacks for /7 O
ft /S 7 A.; Saturday, m *•••**%*
H ¦-~^- only jonr {Port Wlno — 7 years old, regularly
If (*LJ^£ij -^\ choice of ourj $1-50 gallon, for two days $1.00
I |?&D? rh ° vf^"Oslierry-7v f^"O5lierry-7 years old. regularly
S CS^S) fnd fS $1-50 for Friday and Saturday '
J Hatsinblack * 9M.00
X and colors, the grade that you used to pay Whiskey— Wibon Pure Rye, 8 years
If $2.50 for, at one-quarter off our regular old, regularly $1.25 gallon, for two days
jf price— for the two days $1*39 $1.00
DARK LANTERN METHODS
ADOPTED BY THE MAYOR
Public Barred From Meetings
of the Board.
Programmes Arranged in Secret Sessions,
Where Patronage Is Parceled Out,
to Please the "Pull."
THE affairs of San Francisco are be
ing conducted behind closed doors.
Dark lantern sessions from which
the public Is excluded and in which
the tax-payers are prohibited from
participating are marking the course of
the new administration. In Its anxiety to
let no bit of patronage escape and to deal
out the loaves and llshes according to po
litical pull and not on the test of qualifica
tion or eligibility every act of the new
government has been programmed at
executive sessions where politicians alone
have been allowed to make suggestions or
offer advice.
One of the most alluring ingredients In
the political molasses that Mayor Phelan
spread before the voters with the design
of building big majorities at the last elec
tion was the talk that every citizen of the
city would have a voice in municipal af
fairs when the new charter went into ef
fect and new San Francisco became a
reality. It Is a fact that such is the spirit
of the charter. It is also a fact that the
Mayor and the various commissions ap
pointed by him and under his control have
willfully violated the principle upon which
the new organic law of the city was con
structed.
The open meetings of the commissions
have been nothing more than perfunctory
affairs to ratify the programme of the ex
ecutive sessions.
The only deductions that can be drawn
from the methods adopted are that the
officials participating in the star cham
ber proceedings are doing that of which
they are not proud or that they have been
forced by the power behind the throne
to submit to a programme in violation of
the spirit of the charter and contrary to
public policy.
Pre-election promises bristled with as
sertions that politics and "pull" would
perish with the new order of things The
people had endured both until patience
had ceased to be a virtue and. in the hope
that they would have a voice in the man
agement of the city's affairs, they placed
the men In control who had spread the
most molasses before the ballots were
cast. Now the citizens find that they have
Jumped from the "pull" frying pan into a
redhot political fire.
Some people are unkind enough to say
that San Francisco is the next thing to a
monarchy and that Mr. Phelan is king
Star chamber meetings, dark lantern ses
sions and programme work have added
force to the assertion.
A long time ago there were State lawa
enacted very wisely prohibiting the course
that is being followed by most of Mayor
Phelan's commissions. The possibility of
corruption was so apparent that sections
were Inserted in the codes expressly stat
ing that public bodies must not transact
public business at secret sessions. In con
nection with some of the commissions that
have been meeting behind closed doors the
charter provides that their meetings must
be held in public.
when the new government was being
organized the Supervisors, with Mayor
Phelan as their leaver, were the first to
adopt dark lantern tactics. A member of
that board is authority for the statement
that the Mayor called the members to
gether, presented his programme and bold
ly asserted that it must be carried out.
Fearing that. If his plans were made pub
lic, the programme might not go through,
the edict was issued by mayor Phelan
that the newspaper reporters, who were
kept on. the outside of the meeting place,
should be given a version of the proceed
ings entirely at variance with what had
actur..iy occurred. If the purpose of that
session was to benefit the city. It Is rea
sonable to suppose that the promoters of
It would not have hesitated to take the
public Into their confidence. If. on the
contrary, the motives were questionable,
the course that was adopted is easily ex
plained. :m;;
The Health Board. School Board, Board
of Public "Works. Election Commission
and Civil Service Commission have all
fallen into the secret session habit. Their
appointments have been decided upon and
their official duties performed at meet
ings where politicians have been welcom
ed and the public barred out. The Health
Roard held such a meeting last Tuesday.
The members try to wiggle out of the
iniquity of the procedure by asserting that
the dark lantern affair was only a caucus
and that the public had no right to be
there. Yet it was public business that the
board transacted, and if the members
fully appreciate that they are only the
servants of the people and not the "whole
thing," they might be able to see the
falsity of their position.
The Board of Works is forfeiting public
confidence by following the same tactics,
when the charter emphatically declares
that all of its meetings must be held in
the open. The Election Commission and
Civil Service Commission are keeping the
people In ignorance of their proceedings.
A warm and interesting discussion has
been going on In the School Board over
the appointment of denuties and the fix
ing of salaries, but the public has not
been allowed a voice in the squabble, and
at the meetings where the programmes
have been ratified the subject that savors
of patronage and "pull" has not been
mentioned.
Such methods are destroying confidence
and leave the sincerity of the Mayor and
his men open to serious question.
STORMY SESSION HELD
BY COUNTY COMMITEE
Republicans Astounded by Plan
to Oust Chairman Bouvier.
Zenas U. Dodge Had a Candidate Slated
for the Position, but the Dele
gates Refused to Aid Him.
An animated session of the Republican
Cour.ty Committee took place last night
la Shiels Hall. The attendance was large,
as the members received a hint that
something important would occur. Late
yesterday afternoon each member of the
committee received a communication,- of
which the following Is a copy:
6AN FRANCISCO. Jan. 9. 1&00.
Republican County Cumnltteemaa of the city
and County of tan Francisco — Dear Sir: Alter
ft careful coiis^Ji-ration of the question I have
come to the conclusion that the term of ihe
temporary oCSoen Of the Cour.ty Committee has
*-xplr*d with tlie recent adoption of the by
law*, unij tiiat under the urbanization thus
effected ± Dew election It in order.
Personally I fec-1 that the beet interests cf
th» orbat.izatlon will l>e subserved by proceed
ing to sucb an flection and have no doubt that
there arc many others of the committee who
ere in accord with me in that respect.
To the t nd. therefore, that all may b« pre
;:iri.-d to a.-t intelligently upon the qaestlon and
r.o < ne taken by surprise I take this means of
Informing the members that at its next regular
rr;<-et:::g I thall bring beiore the committee a
motion to proceed to the election of officers for
the term provided In our new by-laws. Hoping
to find you la attendance, I remain, very re
ei-ectfully. NATHAN H. FRANK.
The meetire was called to order at 8
o'clock. Chairman Bouvier presiding.
After tome preliminary business had been,
transacted George L.. Sharpe of the Thir
t> -eighth District Introduced a resolution
pertaining to the duty of Sheriff Lack
rr.ann. The resolution set forth that some
of Lackrr.ann's predecessors in office had
permitted grievous abuses to exist; that
they had rendered extortionate demands
fur transporting prisoners and patients,
and employed more keepers than neces
eary and recklessly squandered money
which should have been converted into
the treasury. The resolution gave ex
pression to a desire that Mr. Lackmann
should be free from such abuses, ac the
Republican party did not want to be held
responsible, for the misconduct of any of
its officers.
The resolution was not entertained by
the chairman, who ruled it out of order,
but the committee decided to take it up
at the next regular meeting. Nathan 11.
Frank, the author of the letter above
<juoted, then moved that the committee
proceed to the election of officers. He
maintained that the present officers were
selected for temporary duty and that the
positions were not permanent- Consider
able excitement ensued when the motion
was made. There were many spirited con
ferences on the Bide. Zenus U. Dodge was
In the ante-room and the rumor was
quickly circulated that Dodge had a can
didate selected to eucceed Uouvler In the
person of Henry E. Holmes. There were
frequent points or order and counter mo
tions. The chair overruled the points of
order, but entertained a motion to pro
ceed with the election of a chairman.
There were pointed allusions made to
bOBslsm, and the delegates easily Inferred
that Dodge was the man referred to as
the boss. Finally the supporters of Mr.
Frank's motion, fearing that it would not
carry, moved to postpone action, but the
motion was lost by a vote of 23 to 36.
Thereupon Mr. Frank moved to proceed
with the election of a chairman by secret
ballot. That motion was lost by a vote
cf 29 to 33. A. Tluef moved to proceed by
roll call. This motion was carried by a
vote of 33 to 23.
The motion was then adopted to make
the present officers the permanent officers
of the oornmltte*'. which motion prevailed
almost unanimously. In order to clinch
the matter Mr. Ruef moved to reconsider
the vote, and the reconsideration was
lost. During the discussion Chairman
Alfred Bouvier and Secretary James A.
v lison tendered their resignations re
spectively, but the committee refused to
accept them. The following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
The teachers of the School Department have
always rendered to the people of this city effi
cient and meritorious service, yet from time to
time, without right or adequate reason, their
salaries have been either entirely withheld or
largely cut down. There Is now due and there
remains unpaid by the city their salaries for
two whole months within the last two years,
and It Is claimed not only that the amounts so
cue them will never be paid, but also that
they may lose further salary during the next
t«.x months for want of sufficient appropria
tion or apportionment of funds by the muni
cipal authorities. Therefore, be it
Resolved, By this the county committee of the
Republican j*.rty of San Francisco, first, that
euch deprivation, paFt as well aa prospective,
of said salaries is scandalously unjust and ini
quitous. Second, that a committee of three be
appointed by this body to wait upon the Board
°l E £ ucatlon> upon the Mayor, the Auditor and
the Board of Supervisors and upon any other
necessary municipal officials. an<J In the name
of the Republican party and of this committee
to demand not only the payment to the teach
ers of their back salaries, but also If possible
to obtain a guaranty that no further depri
vation of such salaries shall occur; and to that
end be It
Resolved, That all and any proceedings
necessary in the premises by said committee
are hereby authorized to be taken.
After adjournment the members dis
cussed the meeting, laying particular
stress upon the efforts of Mr. Frank to
secure an election of officers by eecret
ballot. '
?
OLD COUNTY COMMITTEE MEETS.
Adherents of Kelly and Crimmins
Gather at Pythian Castle.
The old Kelly and Crimmins County
Committee met last evening in Pythian
Castle and adopted the following resolu
tions:
Wherea*. At this time the question* affecting
the policy of the national administration with
rr^ard to the retention of the Islands In the
Philippine group are now being freely, discussed;
and
"Whereas, In many parts O f the TTnlted States
there se«>ms to be a pronounced disposition In
opposition to the policy of the administration:
and
The advantages accruing to our city
nnd to our State by reason of the enlarged com
mercial possibilities arising: from the course of
the present administration do manifest them
selves plainly to us; and
¦ttherea*, Opposition to the policy of the na
tion at a time when the national integrity is
at stake bears a strong mark of disloyalty
amounting almost to treason; and
whereas. It seems fitting that the Republican
County Committee should give expression to the
fentlment of Us members and of the members
of the party at this time. Now, therefore be
n«*nlved. That w, the Republican County
Committee for the city and county of Pan
Francisco, do indorse henrtlly. fully and lorally
every net of William MrKlnley and of the pres
ent adn-.lr.lftratlon, and we do condemn the op
position manifested by many citizens to that
I-ollcy as being- treasonable and unworthy of
American citizenship. Be It further
Iteeolved, That we pledge ourselves to exert
our individual efforts to the selection for dele
gates to the next national convention of such
men only as ure In loyal sympathy and abso
lute accord with the present administration and
!&&• that » n ? ble type of American citizenship,
William McKlnley. v '
Lively Shake ups in Our City Government
MAXWELL ASKS
TIE COURT FOR
REINSTATEMENT
Prays That Gorman
Be Unseated.
PHELAN SHARPLY CRITICISED
ACCUSED OF IGNORING SPIRIT
OF THE CHARTER.
The Mayor Responsible for the Com
missions and This Action Is Cal
culated to Force Him to
Keep His Promise.
George Maxwell, by his attorney, Gar
ret McEnerney, began action yesterday
against the Fire Commissioners for rein
statement as secretary of the Fire De
partment Mr. McEnerney appeared be
fore the Supreme Court In the afternoon
and filed a petition for a writ of mandate,
In which he set forth the provisions of the
charter covering the matter, and the fur
ther fact that Maxwell had been connect
ed for a long time with the department
and that no charges or allegations to his
discredit had ever been made against him.
As was stated in The Call some days
ago, Mr. Maxwell's suit is directed as
much against Mayor Phelan as against
the Fire Commission., His suit, in fact,
Involves more a matter of principle than
the possession of a profitable and prom
inent position, and is intended not po
much to accomplish his own reinstatement
as to force Mayor Phelan to keep an ar.te
election promise, which he gave upon
honor and in good faith.
It is well known that the different com
missions appointed have taken the dicta
tion of the Mayor in the distribution of
their patronage, and that they were ap
pointed a^ter they had made express
promise to that effect. To these promises
the Mayor has held them rigidly, and in
doing so has become responsible for their
every act. The truth is, the Mayor, by a
judicious distribution of the favors with
which the charter endows him, has be
come the whole thing, and an attack upon
one of his commissions is an attack upon
himself.
Mr. Maxwell figured all this when he
filed his petition. In it he sets forth that
the charter provides that no member of
the department may be removed except
for incompetency or neglect of duty, and
that neither charge has ever been brought
against him. Of a consequence, Mr. Mcx
well, Mr. McEnerney and their friends
think It remarkable, to say the least, that
Mayor Phelan should be the first person
to be brought to account for an infrac
tion of one of the Important provisions
incorporated In the city's new scheme of
government. They express surprise that,
in order to accomplish a petty piece of
politics, Mr. Phelan should go so far as
to be In the van of the many who it is
known will seek to break the charter In
order to accomplish similar political
tricks.
Mr. Maxwell's petition prays for the
unseating of Joseph C. Gorman, the
Mayor's choice, and the reinstatement of
himself. The burden of the complaint Is
as follows:
The petitioner Is Informed ana believes,
and therefore alleges, that It Is claimed by
the respondents that they are empowered
under the charter to exalt holders of minor
positions In the department, as It existed
en January S, 1900, at noon, to higher posi
tions In the new department; and also the
right to disrate those holding hither posi
tions In the old department to minor posi
tions In the new, and without trial, an pro
vided In section 2, of chapter II of article
9 of the charter; that It is the bounden
duty of the Board of Fire Commissioners
appointed under the charter to fill the
places in said derailment with the officers
occupying the same or similar places in the
department existing at noon of January 8,
1500. under the provisions of March 28.
herelrabove mentioned.
Wherefore, plaintiff prays for the Issuance
of a writ of mandate directed to, und re
quiring: the respondents, on the receipt
thereof, forthwith to rescind their resolu
tion appointing Joseph C. Gorman the sec
retary of said Board of Tire Commissioners,
and to adopt a resolution appointing the
petitioner to eald place, and to direct the
respondents to admit him to said place and
to i«ermlt him to enter upon the duties
thereof.
The petition was handed to Chief Jus
tice Beatty. but he did not Issue a writ
last evening.
STRIKE!
Hundreds of Thousands
Are Involved.
Trouble in en Important Part of the Or-
£anizntion Afr'cctKAll the Rest— A Per-
fectly Harmonious System lin«ll>
Thrown Out of Gear.
Orgar.ired labor has reached puch a
Ftage that anything affecting a particular
branch of it draws all the rest into the
difficulty.
It Is exactly the pane way with the dif-
ferent organs cf th? human body. Work
too hard, oat too much, drink too much
exercise tut little, be a little irregular in
ar.y way. ar.d the liver quits work.
Then the bowels become constipated
end the stomach goes on strike. The
heart is affected, the brain follows suit
and every part in the body is dragged
Into the trouble.
The ©sly way out of It Is to go at the
5-ourco of all thlf— the liver. Square vnur-
f^-lf with tho liver and all will get back
to regular natural work.
Cascarcts Candy Cathartic make thing"
right with the liver. They pf-rfume thp
breath, prevent food from souring on the
ftomach. give ton« to the bowels,
strengthen the Intestinal muscles, while
thc-y are cleaning and stirring up the l!ver
to renewed activity.
No matter how long a rase has been In-
curable. Cascarets are guaranteed to put
Thinps right as they ehould be. and sot
' t h*- whole machinery a-going. And you
<-.iri pet thorn at any drugstore or by mall
for price— 10c. 2T.0 or V)c Address Sterling
Rem'-dv Co.. Chicago or New York.
eThls is the CASCAUET tab-
let. Every tablet of the only
genuine Cascaret* bears the
magic letters "C C C." Look
at the tablet before you buy.
and beware 1 of frauds, imita-
tion? and substitutes.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailet
on Application.
COAL. COKR AND PIO TOON.
J C WII SOY ft frt **> Battery Street.
JKr TJILJIM & VU-. Telephone Main ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIS RfIYFS&CO Fh! PPtnr Butcher.. 104
, l \O BUltJft VU-. ciay. Tel. Main 123t
FLRS.
J N LOFSTAH '* Ke>rßy r - "p**-* t-« tM *
4. VU I.\IIJIAJ, V) . Wy icn mod .,| n j
PKIMTIffI
F f nrfiHFS PRINTER.
5If the howl of the disappointed continues to echo
in political circles a "Phelan promise" will begin to
have about the jame meaning as a "Gage brick." The
"double cross" seems to be altogether too weak to
suit the case.
bomethmg worse than a San Francisco jury has
been discovered. It is the New York police force.
For particulars see press dispatches concerning their
inaction in the case of Murderer Walter Rosser.
If official critics continue to punch" holes in the
charter that interesting instrument, will be past re
pairing. The croakers already see enough defects to
make the city a bankrupt in six months.
If General Methuen be deemed crazy merely be-*
cruse he frets over the victories of the Boers, it will
not be long before half the homes in Great Britain
will be lunatic asylums.
The new police broom sweeps clean in Chinatown,
bat where is it sweeping the rubbish to? Other parts
of the city should be as clean as Chinatown.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FILIPINOS— I. L.. City. The Spanish
Government never recognized "the Fili
pino Republic."^
TEA GARDEN— B. S. C. Stockton. Cal.
The article referred to was a clipping
from another journal and the locality was
not given.
SNOW IN 1882— Subscribers, City. Snow
to the depth of four inches fell In San
Francisco on Sunday, December 31, 1882.
It did not snow In San Francisco Decem
ber. 31, 1881.
*A MUSTACHE— B. 8., City. If a man
has a mustache that is "falling out," ho
would better shave it and give it a fresh
start. If that does not do he would better
consult a physician or keep his upper lip
shaved.' v "
KISMET— A Constant Reader, City.
"Kismet" Is from the Arabic and means
"It Is decreed." It is a Mohammedan ex
pression of resignation. It Is denned as
''appointed lot" and "fate." F. M. Craw
ford in "Paul Patoff." 1887, has "Even
BOER OR BRITON.
WHICH IS RIGHT?
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have aa communications of general interest.
Editor The Call: Impudence in manner
and impertinence in matter characterize
the efforts of thoße pro-British Americans
who attempt the impossible task of de
fending the wolf who at the wrong end of
the stream accuses the lamb below of
muddying the water. According to one of
them, the writer of the "Plea for Eng
land" in your yesterday's issue, the hon
est, honorable and traditional sympathy
which the great mass of the American
people evince for those gallant Boers
bravely defending their hearths and
homes from the wanton Incursion of free
booters and pirates is "sentimental trash,
born of prejudice, envy and ignorance."
I am, notwithstanding, after reading that
"plea," Inclined to think that we who
sympathize with the Boers defending their
own country have as moral and Intelli
gent a basis for that sentiment as have
those who sympathize with the British
invading a country not their own in any
sense 01 the word, and that possibly, we
know as much of the genesis of this war
The trek of 1534 may have been over the
slave question; but let us reverse the case
and suppose that the Dutch had been
seized with a pious spasm against slavery
before It struck the vitals of the British
and had Issued a peremptory demand that
all slaves held by the British should be
freed, and this without adequate financial
compensation. What would have hap
pened? The British would have told the
Dutch to mind their own ten command
ments.
But the British found grace first, and
the British . conscience cannot stand the
sins of its neighbors, and therefore the
trek of 1534. And therefore the trek of
1843. and therefore the trek and blood
shed of ISIS; and therefore the war
and forcible annexation of the Transvaal
In 1877, and the war of 18S0-Sl, when the
righteous British were handily whipped,
and therefore the Jameson raid of 1895,
when 400 of the sinful, vulgar Boer farm
ers, with only small arms, whipped nearly
twice that number of the pious raiders
armed with Lee-Metfords and quick-firing
Maxims; and therefore finally and lastly
the present righteous Chamberlain annex
of the Jameson raid, and all because (one
reason is as good as another for the wolf)
those bad, bad Boers would not give up
their slaves in 1534. There are to-day two
kinds of patriots who will be found on two
kinds of sideß.
The first, like the gallant Otis of Los
Angeles, will be found defending his
home and country by going thousands of
miles away to attack with fire and sword
those of other and weaker men.
This stripe of "patriot" are by natural
affinity pro-British , and think the South
African veldt is the natural place for "the
absent-minded beggars" from Cockney
land to be, defending the "cottage 'omes
of England."
When Beaconsfleld was told on one oc
casion of the revolutionary utterances of
the (then) ultra-radical Chamberlain In
the House of Commons, .he dashed oft
then and there a summary of the man by
saying, "Oh, he wants to be a Duke.
This fits that type of imperialists who
think themselves— like the little general
down South and the "American" at Ben
lcla—men of destiny," and they want to be
"What to do when 'your
best girl says 'yes.' " Is it a
funny storyP Just wait and
read it in next Sunday's Call.
Laugh? Why the pictures
alone will make you fairly
scream. Besides, one of the
best comic writers in America
wrote the story. Don't miss it!
SAPPHIRE VELVET DRESS.
The dress represented is of sapphire
velvet; the corsage a bolero edged with
sable; sleeves and waistcoat of sky-blue
satin, with trellis of ribbons. The apron
is of the same satin, embroidered, and the
bottom In the style of the waistcoat and
sleeves.
Note 81 Fourth street, 5c barber, grocer;
best eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c. •
During the recent campaign Mayor Phelan per
sisted in one stock expression in his speeches south
of Market street. He insisted times without number
that he felt that south of the slot he was surely among
friends. Since then he probably remembers the cry
of the man who said: "God help me from my
friends; I can take care of my enemies."
THE OPEN DOOR TO CHINA.
ATISFACPORY assurances have been received
by the State Department from Great Britain,
France, Germany, Russia, Italy and Japan that
in all parts of China which may in any way come
within the sphere of influence of any of them all
rights aeretotore granted to this Government by the
Chinese Government shall remain unimpaired. That
means the preservation of the "open door" for our
commerce with China and is rightly regarded as one
of the notable diplomatic triumphs of the administra
tion.
It is stated that these assurances are not yet ex
pressed in writing, as none of the great powers was
willing to express the agreement in that way unless
given guarantees that the others would do so, and up
to this time that has not been done. It appears,
however, the State Department is well satisfied with
the situation. There is no reason to doubt the good
faith 'of any of the Governments concerned, and it
may be accepted as settled, for the present at any
rate, that no European Government is going to inter
fere with the utmost expansion of our trade in the
parts of China over which it exercises control.
The United States has never sought for any dis
tinctive "sphere of influence" in China. What has
been gained by the State Department, therefore, is all
that we have ever asked or desired. We have no wish
to take part in the dismemberment of China, nor
would our people be willing to accept a share of the
spoils if it be dismembered. All that we have asked
for is a right of trade equal to that of the most fa
vored nation, and that we have obtained by the as
surances now given.
Since the State Department has secured our com
mercial rights in this way, it remains for Congress to
enact legislation which will enable us to turn them
to advantage. It will profit our merchants and our
manufacturers little to have an open door awaiting
them in China if they have not the means of reach
ing the door on equal terms with foreigners. It will
require ships to carry our products to the Orient, and
we must provide them. Russia is rapidly opening a
railway communication with China, and Great Brit
ain, Germany and France have subsidized steamship
lines competing for her trade. In the face of that
competition our right to trade with the Chinese will
not profit us much without such legislation as will
promoteUhe upbuilding of our merchant marine.
If th/ course of trade were determined by geo
graphical relations the Chinese trade in foreign goods
would be almost wholly ours, for we are her natural
commercial neighbors. In this, however, as in other
things, human energy and 6agacity can overcome
difficulties of adverse situation. If European nations
sid their merchants in obtaining the trade of China
while our Government remains in the future as supine
as it has been in the past, they will get the bulk of the
trade and we shall continue to see California goods
shipped to Liverpool and from there to China to be
told with a larger profit for the British middleman
than for the California producer. The logical result
of the Hay negotiations is therefore the shipping
bill. Without that the open door will be hardly more
than a diplomatic rainbow.
fate, the universal kismet, procrastinate*
in Turkey." In Turkish it v quittaet. in
Persian and Hindoo quismat and Arabia
quisma.
¦NATIVITY— W. A. 0. and J. 8. 8.. City.
The answer to th» question, "What
countryman is one who was born In Ger
many, raised in Sweden and naturalized
in the United States?" Is that he is a
German, having been born in that coun
try, but Is a citizen of the United States
by reason of his naturalization.
NOTICE OF DEATHS— S. and 8., City.
The Coroner of the city and county of San
Francisco is not notified of every d«ath
that occurs. He Is only notified in cases
where a person dies who has not been at
tended by a physician or in cases whera
a crime nas Deen committed or there la
reason to believe that a crtma haa been
committed.
DEPOSIT FOR GAS— I* M. V. 8.. City.
The legal Question as to .he right of a
gas company to demand a deposit from an
intending consumer la still on appeal be
fore the appellate court, and until that
matter is disposed of it Is more than like
ly that the consumers will have to submit
to the demand of the gas companies or go
to law for failure to put in gaa on prem
ises when requested so to do.
NAVAL APPRENTICES— C G. Ingo
mar. Cal. Boys between the age* of 14
and 17 may, with the consent of their par
ents or guardians, be enlisted to serve in
the United States navy until they shall
arrive at the age of 21. A boy of 14 must
not be less than 4 feet 9 Inches tall, weigh
not less than 70 pounds and measure not
less than 25 Inches around the chest when
breathing naturally; at 15 years, 4:11 feet.
60 pounds and 27 Inches; at 16, 5:1 feet, 90
pounds, 28 inches.
MARINE WHITEWASH— W. R.. Sacra
mento. Cal. The following recipe for
whitewash sent out by the United States
Treasury Department for use at light
house stations has proved by experience
to be the best for inside or outside work:
Slack half a bushel of unpacked lime with
boiling water, keeping it covered during 1
the process. Strain It and add a peck of
salt dissolved in warm water; three
pounds of ground rice put in boiling
water and boiled to a thin paste: half a
pound of powdered Spanish whiting and
a pound of clear glue, dissolved in warm
water: mix these well together and let
the mixture stand for several days. Ke«p
the wash thus prepared In a kettle- or
portable furnace, and when used put on as
not as possible with either painter* or
whitewash brush.
A DAILY HINT PROM PARIS.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Princess and the Butterfly."
California— Emma Nevada, this afternoon.
Oryhpun— Vaudeville.
Coluir.bia— "The Christian."
TJvoll— "Little 80-Peep."
Grand Cj>ers-house — "Sinbad.**
Alcazar— "Mysterious M-. Burle."
Alhairbra— "An Affair of Honor."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rrenlng.
Olympla. cornw Mason and ElUs streets— Specialties.
W^«t»rn Tiirf Association— Ra«-«Mi to-day.
TREASURY DEPOSITS.
SECRETARY GAGE in his reply to the in
quiries of the House of Representatives con
cerning the deposits of public money in certain
national banks has made a complete vindication of
himself from any charges or suspicions that may have
been directed against him. He has not, however,
offered any adequate defense of the policy of making
such deposits.
The Secretary states: "The reason for utilizing
national banks as depositories for public money, as
authorized by law when the receipts of the treasury
were exceeding its expenditures, has been to avoid
the disturbance to business which the withdrawal of
large sums of money from active circulation to the
treasury vaults must inevitably cause. The policy
thus pursued by me has been the established policy of
the Government for many years, and a departure
frcm it under similar conditions would certainly
cause disastrous results."
It is true the system has been long followed by the
Government, but it has been the cause of scandals
under every administration since the practice began.
At the present time the Democratic party is assailing
a Republican administration for favoritism in making
deposits, while four years ago the Republican party
was assailing Secretary Carlisle under a Democratic
administration upon similar grounds. The evils of
the system are so plain that they need only be stated
to be understood. In the first place, when interest
rates range from 6 to 12 per cent it is manifestly un
fair for the Government to lend sums of money
amounting to many millions of dollars to certain
banks without interest. The practice does indeed put
the money in that way into circulation, but as banks
and speculators are thus induced to do business on
the Government money, it becomes dangerous for the
Government to withdraw the deposits when they are
needed. Thus a double evil is worked by the policy,
first in advancing public money to certain banks with
out interest, and second by the injury done to the
financial situation when the money is withdrawn.
Secretary Windom directed attention to the evils
of the system in his report of 1889, in the course of
which he said:
It necessarily Involves temptation to favoritism of
the most objectionable character.
It makes the treasury more or less dependent upon
the banks, on account of the difficult and delicate task
of withdrawing the deposits when wanted without cre
ating serious disturbance of financial conditions.
It Involves the exercise of a most dangerous power
by the Secretary of the Treasury, whereby he may,
if so disposed, expand or contract the currency at will,
and In the interest of certain favorites whom/ he may
select.
It is grossly unjust to the Government to grant the
free use of its money, while It pays to the very par
ties thus favored 4 and 4Vfc per cent interest on its own
bonds which are pledged as security for the money thus
received.
It is to the credit of American officials that no
Secretary of the Treasury has ever been convicted
of making a personal profit out of the money thus
advanced to the banks. It is none the less true, how
ever, that these deposits nearly always have been ad
vanced to banks of the same political faith as the Sec
retary of the Treasury at the time. Thus, while there
has been no personal wrong, there is always a politi
cal scandal, and will be as long as, the system is main
tained. <
It is time Congress take steps to remedy the evil.
It ought not to be difficult to devise some better man
ner in handling public money.
A BLOW AT THE BELLES.
WOMEN who never before have wished to hold
the office of United States Senator will long to
hold that position now. It would not be sur
prising if delegations of fair creatures appeared at the
capital 01 every State in whose Senatorial delegation
there is a vacancy petitioning the Governor to ap
point a woman to fill it, and to appoint her at once,
for time is presing. ,
The cause of this agitation in the feminine ranks is
a bill recently introduced by Senator Hoar. It bears
the pleasing title of a bill for the protection of song
birds, and is therefore calculated to win the support
of the ladies, for they are ever ready to uphold any
law which protects the pretty birds, the sweet singers
of the air, from the wanton destruction of cruel men.
The title, however, is deceptive. It is aimed not at
Old Children
Many children look too
old for their years. They
go about with thin faces and
sober manners not in keep-
ing with robust childhood.
If it's your boy or girl, give
Sccrti&fimul&icn,
'Twill fill out the hollow
places, increase the weight,
and bring a healthy color
to the cheeks. The im-
provement continues long
after they cease* using the
Emulsion. Get Scott's.
soc and $1.00, all druggists,
SCOTT & BOWNB. Chemi«s New Y«%.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
South Bend fWash.) Willapa Harbor
Pilot.
The San Francisco Call's edition of De
cember 25 was magnificent In every line,
page and particular. The Call Is easily
the best and most reliable newspaper In
San Francisco.
The controversy in Great Britain concerning Sir
William Butler increases in bitterness, and becomes
more interesting as it grows more bitter. Some ac
cuse him of neglecting British interests while in South
Africa on account of sympathy with the Boers, and
charge him with an offense closely resembling trea
son. On the other hand it is asserted he was the
only British officer in South Africa who told the
truth, and that the charges made against him are* due
to the spite of Cecil Rhodes. As a gratification of in
tellectual curiosity it would be pleasing to know the
truth. No one wishes Butler to lecture, but he might
write a book.
He Assaulted a Lawyer.
James Little, who assaulted Attorney
William A. Bowden of San Jose a few
weeks ago, was convicted yesterday on a
charge of simple assault. He will be sen-
tenced Saturday.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Tak» advanta*%
of th« round-trip tickets. Now only ISO by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay. 13 CO per day. Apply at 4 Niw
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nent.
The California Limited, Santa Fs Route.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office, 62S Market street.
There are some deadly weapons which the British
are perfectly, willing shall enter Boer territory. A
German ship was stopped by a British cruiser and
machinery that looked suspiciously like cannon was
found. It proved to be for a distillery, and was not
confiscated.' If the Boers can't be reached in one
way they may be in another.
It is bad enough for a highwayman to make you
throw up your hands, but it is adding insult to injury
to force you to admit that you like the game. France
is making the Dominican Government do both by
exacting its cash claim with a humble apology.
The price of wounded feminine hearts has mate
rially advanced in this city. One that is admitted to
be sixty-three years old recently brought $35,000 in
court. It is appalling to think what one just one
third as old might cost to a gay deceiver.
Senator Beveridge has loosened the tongue of elo
quence and wants us by all means to hold the Philip
pines. Somebody ought to assure the Senator that
we are doing our best,. but he ought to remember the
story of the captured eel.
General Buller seems to be making the usual
preparations for another "victory" over the Boers.
A Durban correspondent announces that he has or
dered twelve hundred additional stretcher-bearers to
the front
The newly organized American Panama Company
may be a bona fide concern, but it looks very much
like an attempt to pass off upon Congress the biggest
gold brick on record.
If some of our local ex-officials who have just been
retired to private life share a sentiment of the com
munity they must feel greatly relieved to be out of
office.
When British warships began to make American
products contraband of war that Anglo-American
alliance commenced to look like moonshine after all.
"Mrs. Winslo-w's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children whll» Teething with
perfect success. It soothes th« child, softens
th* g-ums. allays pain, cures Wind Colic, reja-
lates the Bowels and Is th« best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising- from tcethlna; or
other causes. For sal* by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sur« and as« for lira.
Wloelow's Soothing Srrup. 23c a bottle.
Personally Conducted Excursions.
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa F» Rout*. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany thess excur-
sions to look aft«r tie welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City evtry Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every VTeßnesday. To St. Louis
every Bunday. To St. Paul «very Sunday aad
Friday. Ticket office. 623 Market street.
George Raabe's Will.
The will of the late George A. Raane\ a
well-known grocer and capitalist of the
Mission, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent beqtfeaths his estate, which \%
valued at over JIOO.OOO, to his immediate
relatives.
THE WONDERFUL CENTURY.
In his great book on the century now
ending Alfred Russel Wallace holds that
"to get any adequate comparison with the
nineteenth century we must take, not any
preceding century or group of centuries,
but rather the whole preceding epoch of
human history." This he does in the fol
lowing comparative list of the great in
ventions and discoveries of the two eras:
OF THEI9THCEN
TURYi
1. Railways.
2. Steamships.
3. Electric tele
graphs.
4. The telephone.
6. Lucifer matches.
6. Gas illumination.
7. Electric 'lighting.
8. Photography.
9. The phonograph.
10. Roentgen rays.
11. Spectrum analy
sis.
12. Anesthetics.
13. Antiseptic sur
gery.
14. Conservation of
energy.
15. Molecular theory
of gases.
18. Velocity of light
directly meas
ured and earth's
rotation experi
mentally
shown.
17. The uses of dust.
IS. Chemistry, iefl
w! vni t c propor
tions.
19. Meteors and the
meteoritic the
ory.
fiO. Glacial epoch.
21. The antiquity of
man.
22. Organic evolution
established.
83. Cell theory and
embryology.
24. Germ theory of
disease and the
function of the
leucocytes.
OF ALL PRECED
ING AGES.
1. T h c mariner's
compass.
2. The steam en
flne.
c telescope.
4. Th c barometer
and thermoma
ter.
5. Printing.
6. Arabic numerals.
7. Alphabetical
writing.
8. Modern chemis
try founded.
9. Electric science
founded.
10. Gravitation es
tablished.
11. Kepler's laws.
12. Th c differential
calculus.
13. The circulation of
the blood.
14. Light proved to
have finite ve
locity.
15. The development
sf geometry.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling depot for Waterman Fountain
pens and Koh-1-noor pencils. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. •
Townsend's famous broken candy 10c
pound while at 735 Market street. •
ROOSEVELT ON TRUSTS.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT of New York has
joined the mighty host of those who in these
days are denouncing trusts and clamoring for
their suppression. In the report of his annual message
he is quoted assaying: "That abuses exist, and that they
are of a very grave character, it is worse than idle to
deny. Just so long as in the business world unscru
pulous cunning is allowed the free rein which, thanks
tc the growth of humanity during the past centuries,
we now deny to unscrupulous physical force, then
just so long there will be a field for the best effort
of every honest social and civic reformer who is ca
pable of feeling an impulse of generous indignation
and who is far-sighted enough to appreciate where the
real danger to the country lies."
There will be no question of the excellence of that
wisdom. It has, however, the defect of being a repi
tition of what has been said and heard, written and
read, many times. What is desired now is some clear
statement of the wrongs done by trusts, so that the
people may be able to distinguish wherein those com
binations are good and wherein they are evil. When
the injuries inflicted have been accurately defined it
will then be possible to provide something in the way
of a remedy, but there is no profit to anybody in
vague denunciations.
Governor Roosevelt is an advocate of the strenuous
life, and therefore it is not too much to ask of him
that he strain himself a little and grapple with the
problem like a statesman. Having one Bryan to lift
up a roaring voice of general condemnation, we do
not need another voice to assist him. It is safe to
say the people are perfectly willing to support any
well directed legislation designed to put an end to
evils the trusts produce, but they are still waiting to
hear what are the evils and what is the remedy. The
issue offers an opportunity for distinction to the true
reformer, but it will yield no more honor to "Rough
Riders" than it will to "spread-eagle" orators.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— A. S. Kennedy
of San Francisco is at the Cosmopolitan;
R. J. Rose of San Francisco Is at the
Sturtevant; H. D. Johnson of San Fran
cisco is at the Imperial.
AUCTION SALES.
Uy Choi-* 4- MeniJiMihaJl— Tuesday. January it, at 11 o'clock.
Hl*rh-class Iloadsters and TrcTTrr*, at 1732 Market street.
dukes, and they will be when all the rest
of the American people are donkeys.
The second kind of patriot is. briefly, he
who, while ¦willing to spend himself and
his all for defense, sternly declines to
contribute one cent of money or one drop
of blood for offense, because others who
think a nation dares be less moral than
Its individuals would be dukes.
Of this second kind of patriot are the
great mass of the American people. Of
this kind are the simple, kindly, honest,
hardworking Boers of South Africa, de
fending the land of their birth against
aliens whose business is robbery; who
have traveled thousands of miles to plun
der and pillage the peaceful homes of a
peaceful and primitive people who ask
only to live their own lives in their own
way. . And shall we who conquered this
right for ourselves from the *ame old foe
deny it to them? H. J. WEEKS.
Oakland, January 10, 1900.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. A. E. Hall of San Jose Is at the
Lick.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
is registered at the Lick.
H. E. O'Brien is here from Los Angeles
and la a guest at the Palace.
George F. Ditzler, a prominent fruit
grower of Biggs, is at the Grand.
Dr. J. H. Payne, U. 8. N., is among the
arrivals of last night at the Palace.
George F. Blakesless, a wealthy mer
chant of Los Angeles, is registered at
the Lick.
"W. Sarles, a leading business man of
Gonzales, Cal., Is at the Grand, where he
arrived yesterday.
E. G. Pluke, a prominent paint and oil
merchant of Eureka, Humboldt County,
is stopping at the Lick.
G. W. Harney, a well-known real es
tate man of Marysville, is among the
recent arrivals at the Grand.
Benjamin P. Barker, a wealthy wine
man of Llvermore, is at the Palace on a
short business trip to this city. I:,;*
Captain Stanley Edwards of the British
army is at the Palace. He arrived yes
terday from Australia and is on his way
home to England.
"W. O. Kevin and J. R. Hichcock, the
Santa Fe officials, are at the Palace. They
came to San Francisco on business and
will return to their headquarters In a
day or two.
J. F. Archibald, editor and proprietor
of the Sydney Bulletin, Is at the Occiden
tal, accompanied by his wife. He arrived
in the city yesterday on the Australian
steamer and is going directly . East on
a business trip. .; t/;.
Professor M. Agasslx, the eminent Bos
ton scientist, Is at the Palace. He re
turned yesterday on the Australian
steamer from the South Seas, where he
has been for some time past making an
exhaustive study of coral life and pur
suing other Interesting scientific re
searches.
FRIDAY JANUARY 12, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addres* Ali Ccmmurvcetions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFlCE.. Blarket and Tblrd. 8. F.
Telephone Main 18CS.
EDITORIAL n00M5....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Mfifn 1574.
Delivered br Currlf n, 15 Cent* V*r Weelt.
Mnsrle Coplew, T, Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Pontacei
DAILY CALL (tnoludlne Snnday). one ye«ir..fG.OO
jMll.l CALL (tnrludinfc Monday), O month*.. 3.00
11*11.1 CALL <lncludlna; Sunday), 3 month*. . I.CO
DAILY CALL By Single Month W»c
MMJAY CALL One Year 1 .«".«•
WEEKLY CALL One Year....' 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦ U,bi>crlptions.
Sample copies t» ill be forwarded irben requested
OAKXAXD OFFICE OOS
C GEORGE KHOGXESS.
Slanagrer Foreign Advertlftlnar. Marquette Build
ing;. Chicago.
KEW YORK CORRESPOYDEVTt
C. C. OAIU.T<>\ Herald Square
>'EW YORK REPnESEVTATIA'Ei
PERRY LI'KESS JR 29 Tribune Dnlldlna
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS 1
Sherman Honsei P. O. >cw« Co.t Great Nortb
ero HotrJ; Fremont Housei Auditorium Hotel.
JVEW TOnK SBWS STAUDSI
TCaldorf-Aatoria Hotel « V. Brentano, 31 Union
Squares Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON rt>. C.) OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. F. I:m;i.!S». Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 0:3O o'clock. 300 Haye*.
open until 9i30 o'clock. 63J» McAlllnter, open
until ;•..".!> o'clock. OIS l.nrkln, open until
t»i3O o'clock. I!M1 MlKKlon, open until 10
o'clock. 22bl Market, corner Sixteenth, open j
until 9 o'clock. 1 <>:?•; Valencia, open until U
o'clock. lo«i Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
% \V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
A BOER VIEW.
THERE has been recently published in London
an ante-war letter from a member of the Trans
vaal Volksraad- written last summer, which dis
proved Mr. Chamberlain's claim that the : Boers
wanted to bring on war to enable them to dominate
South Africa. The writer blames Rhodes for the
situation. Great sums' of English money have been
sunk in the non-productive mines of Rhodesia.
Rhodes sought to secure in the Cape Colony elections
a majority favorable to incorporating Rhodesia with
that colony in order to divert the English public
from its mining losses, and perhaps squeeze more
money out of new investors.
Faiiing in the elections, it is charged that he de
liberately conspired with Chamberlain to force the
Transvaal into war to re-establish his reputation by
adding a rich mining province to the empire.
This Boer letter contrasts the - mining laws of
Rhodesia with those of the Transvaal. In the former
a heavy mining license is required, and 50 per cent of
the gold taken out must be paid to Government as
a royalty. No one can own ground, but must hold
it as a tenant. The superior advantages offered to
laboring men in the Transvaal is seen in the more lib
eral laws. Any one can take a mining claim 150 by
400 feet for a payment of 2s 6d a month, or 62 cents,
and one man may take as many claims as he likes for
that payment on each, and his tax is 5 per cent of the
output. The great influx of miners made necessary
more of the machinery of government This member
of the Volksraad admits that the laws are not all per
fect, but he invites comparison with the laws of any
other country, asking his correspondent to cite to him
any country in which all the people subscribe to the
perfection of the laws under which they live. If other
nations have perfect government why is it that in all
of them, including England and the United States,
there are reform parties which have a place in politics
and command millions of followers, on the theory
that the government can be made better by reforming
its laws?
We are inclined to think that this shrewd Boer has
put to the so-called superior nations and the great
powers a question that will rest upon the conscience
of their people. They are in the habit of claiming
the right to go abroad to establish by force ideal
government for others when the very existence of re
form parties in the midst of them is proof that they
have no such government at home. He says: "We
have already conceded much, and we would even go
farther and. give all that can be fairly asked, but we
are still threatened and forced, and, feeling that noth
ing will satisfy unless we give of our independence,
we will concede no more. We will steadily proceed
upon our own initiative and grant such reforms as
may be necessary, but we are not going to give our
honor and our country' away, let come what may.
The British public has been blinded by men who will ',
send others to be butchered, while they gloat from,
afar over the misery they will cause. If we fight — it
is for our homes and our independence. What will
Chamberlain and Rhodes be fighting for?"
The war, not begun when this letter was written,
is now far on, and up to this time the unwilling party
to it has proved that when men are defending their
homes it is a mistake to attack them with contempt
of their reasons and their courage.
LOOKS MORE AND MORE LIKE A BIG WHITE ELEPHANT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
men who kill birds, but at women who wear their
feathers. There is nothing in it which forbids the
killing of birds, but everything to prevent the selling
of the feathers for brnamental purposes. .
In the first clause the bill declares "that the impor
tation into the United States of birds, feathers, or
parts of birds for ornamental purposes, or for any
purpose except food, be and the same is prohibited."
An exception is made of importations for museums,
or for zoological gardens, etc., and the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to make regulations for
the admission. of birds or feathers for such objects.
The second clause declares: "That the transportation
of birds, feathers or parts of birds, to be used or sold,
except such as are excepted in the first section of this
act, from any State or Territory of the United States
to or through any other State or Territory of the
United States, is hereby prohibited. Whoever shall
violate tJ ie provisions of this section shall, upon con
viction in the -district where the offense shall have
been committed, be punished for each such offense by
a fine .of fifty dollars."
It will be seen that the bill not only excludes the
importation of the rare plumage of the beautiful birds
of tropic lands, but prohibits interstate commerce in
ornamental feathers as well. Should the bill go into
effect it will no longer be permissible to send the
feather of the Oregon gray goose to decorate the hat
of the California belle. The issue is going to be one
of fuss and feathers in earnest, and there is not a
single woman in the Senate to stand up and support
the right of the feather-hatted sex to sport their
feathers. There has been started a movement to ob
tain for women seats in the stores, and It is a good
movement, but what women need most at this time
are seats in the Senate.
Uncle Sam— l Wish That Confounded Thing "Would Quit Expanding. It Makes Mo
Nervous. — Llfo
6CAFE inLESt
Values checked tr—.
FOR A
LIMITED
ITIME ...
( I have reduced th«
• prices on all my tai-
;ior-made suits. This
: place*' first - class
• tailor-made suits
within the reach of
all.
Back Suits Jl5 60
Frock Suits.... 22 SO
Prince Albert
Suits 25 00
Full Dress
Suits ».: 40 00
Overcoats ..... 20 00
Pants ..'. 4 SO
Perfect in style,
workmanship and lit
—only excellent all-
S wool material used.
COLOMBIA fe
LAST 2 NIGHTS t
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
LIEBLER A CO. Present
Hail Cai&e's Most Powerful Play,
"THE CHRISTIAN."
Final Performance To-Morrow Mftht.
SEAT SALE NOWIS" PROGRESS FOR
LOUIS KATHRTN CHARLES B.
JAMES, KIDDER, HANFORD
In tbe Mammoth Production of
IT HE WINTER'S Trtl-E."
vVENINO NIGHT NEXT MONDAT.
Remember This!
Saturday Morning
Papers will announce the prices on broken lots and
•odd sizes of Seasonable SHOES at the
GREAT SEMI-ANNUAL
CLEARANCE SALE
_ _
738-740 MAR.XEJT STREET.
A shipment of sewing machines, valued
at $103,750, was recently sent by an Ameri-
can firm to China. The Chinese women
have recently awakened to the fact that
the sewing machine Is a necessary house-
hold Implement.
WAITED FOR MEN OF
THE HOSPITAL CORPS
WHAT DELAYED THE SAILING
OF THE TARTAR.
A Detachment of Thirty Lost on the
Way Out Here — Knotty Prob
lem for the Quartermaster.
The Tartar sailed yesterday morning
after waiting over night for some men
of the hospital corps on their way from
the East. They were regularly lost.
Nothing was heard of them on this side
of the continent after they left New York,
and when the sailing time of the Tartar
came they were anywhere between here
and the Atlantic Ocean.
Colonel Forwood, chief medical officer
of this department, had been trying for
some days to obtain definite information
of the men's whereabouts. He finally en
listed the services of the railroad com
pany. Wednesday evening the railroad
officials located the men somewhere this
side of Ogden and they arrived at the
Oakland mole Thursday night. They
came over on the first boat yesterday
morning and before noon were all aboard
the transport and she was on her way
to Manila. There were thirty privates
and a steward in the party. They were
in two wrecks on the way out, but no
one was injured, and beyond that the trip
was uneventful.
The annual inspection of the Presidio
by the department inspector will begin
to-day. It will take some time, for, be
sides the buildings and stores at the post,
the men and their clothing, all battery
and troop property and the means of car
ing for it, the drills, mounted and dis
mounted, and, last of all, the money ac
counts will have to be gone over. The
Inspector will also have to go over the
horses and mules now at the post and
in the charge of the quartermaster, be
sides the stables and the feed storehouses.
There Is a great deal of property that
will have to be condemned and this, too,
will have to pass under the eyes of the
inspector.
The quartermaster's department at the
Presidio is busying Itself in trying to find
out ¦ Just what has become of about 500
cubic yards of the Inner parade ground.
During the storm the drain that runs un
der It choked up and the water gathered
deep in the ravine above. Then the water
commenced suddenly to subside and
when It had all, or nearly all, disappeared
a large hole, twenty feet round at the
surface and nearly thirty feet deep, ap
peared in the middle of the parade ground
with two other smaller ones close to It.
There was no evidence of the transfer
of earth at the mouth of the drain be
low the parade ground, and the question
the quartermaster's department is figur
ing on is, where are those hundreds of
tons of earth?
AMUSEMENTS.
(THE PEOPLE 1 S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
Sdijr tad Jonei fits. PHONB. 800 TH 770.
TO-ISJTG-HT
MATINEE SATURDAY,
THE RESVTZ-SANTLEY NOVtLTV
AND BURL&SQUU COMPANY
AN AFFAIR "OF HONOR !
POPULAR PRICES:
Evening 15c, 25c, Jsc. EOc and 75c.
Matinee ...15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE RATS 1 HOWLINO SUCCESS,
••/* HOT OLD TIME."
SEATS READY— NOW SELLING.
JACOBS DEFENDS PETITION.
Declares It Does Not Commit Fruit
Canners to Support of Recip
rocity Treaties.
Isidor Jacobs, who has obtained the sig
natures of all the fruit canners and deal
ers In fruit in San Francisco to a petition
asking Commissioner Kasson to consider
California in negotiating reciprocity
treaties In the future, denies emphatically
that the petition practically sanctions re
ciprocity. It merely asks, he says, that
the interests of California be taken into
consideration in the event that other re
ciprocity treaties should be negotiated. If
no more such treaties are negotiated, says
Mr. Jacobs, the petition can do no harm,
while if they should be projected the rep
resentations made by the fruit canners of
the State might be favorably considered.
MAIL STEAMER
DID NOT STOP
AT HONOLULU
MoanaCame Through
From Samoa.
PLAGUE* SCARE CONTINUES
The Australian mall steamer Moana
arrived In port unexpectedly yesterday
morning. She was not looked for until
to-day, but owing to the plague she
came on without entering the harbor at
Honolulu, bringing the passengers for
that place on here.
When the Moana arrived off Honolulu
the quarantine officer. Custom-house of
ficer, a pilot and the agent of the ship
went out to her in a tug. The quaran
tine doctor reported that there had been
three deaths in Honolulu from what wa3
supposed to be the plague, making eight
een deaths in all. He asked Captain
Carey if he wanted to enter' his ship and
take the chances of quarantine at San
Francisco. The captain decided to come
on for this port. The Hawaiian officials
did not leave their tug, no mail nor
papers were put aboard, so there is no
means of learning what is being done in
the islands.
The Hawaiian quarantine officer told
Purser Hodson of the Moana that every
precaution was being taken. Houses in
which anybody had died were burned
down; sewers were being cleaned; all
parts of Chinatown were being disin
fected and everything being done that
Ingenuity could suggest to stop the
spread of the disease.
The cabin passengers for Honolulu who
were brought up on the Moana were Mrs.
Brenham and son and Mr. and Mrs. A. G.
Reynolds. Besides these there were five
steerage passengers who were returning
to the paradise of the Pacific.
The full list of cabin passengers on the
mall boat is:
From Sydney. N. S. W.— Charles Kennlnjr
haus. Miss Helen Merrill, Mr. and Mrs. H. H.
Hinshaw, Mr. and Mrs. I. F. Archibald. Mr.
and Mrs. C Lancaster, Mr. and Mrs. C. F.
Chaffey, Masters G. F. and F. Chaftey. Misses
M. and 11. Chaftey. Mr. and Mrs. A. Rrodzlak.
L. F. McDermott. Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Clem
entson. Mrs. H. I. English, C. Robinson, G.
Mallalieu. H. T. Colll. Mr. find Mrs. N. Ber
nard and daughter. Mrs. Royne, Mrs. Bren
ham and son. From Auckland, N. Z. — Mr.
and Mrs. A. O. Reynolds, S. M. Barclay, Cap
tain Stanley Edwards, A. Montgomery, R. V.
Webster, H. I. Dortson, W. Tichow, Mrs. C.
Reed. A. E. Flney, Master A. E. CrUp.
Master Maxwell, A. F. Oryden. C. Ingram.
From Apia, Samoa— C. H. Townsend and M.
Agjraesiz.
¦the Moana met with some heavy
weather during the run across. On De
cember 29 a strong gale was blowing, and
during its continuance James Mclnnes,
bathroom steward, was missed. The ship
was searched from stem to Btern, but no
trace of the unfortunate fellow could be
found. The supposition is that he fell
overboard.
The officers of the Moana cpuld give no
additional information about the wrecked
MISCELLAUTOXJS.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper ot Cclce.
OFFICE. CU FOLSOM ST.
SPECIAL ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES Ju^phur
Most noted Mineral Springs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood, Liver,
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. ELY, City Agent. £10 "Market at.
WINTER RESORTS.
Posing for the Artists.
There are some very interesting' artiste
models in San Francisco— quaint people
and beautiful people. You should see their
pictures In next Sunday's Call on page 9.
Splendid posing— and. what Is more. »o
well printed and artistically arranged!
Queer -people some of them are. too!
Read their lives and learn how they arg
discovered and what their work re-^lli U.
A page of very swell dra
matic pictures in next Sun
day's Call. You will want to
see them. The printing is so
clear and the decorations so
artistic. Not even the best
magazine cut could be better.
»??»»??? ?»?¦?•???»??»»??»?»
Palace and |
: Grand Hotels ::
4'4 ' For nearly a' quarter of a century th» "
* ' leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' >
<• With added imDrovements and con- ««
t veniences they continue to be the head- < >
a quarters for tourists and travelers vis- <>
T ltlng San Francisco. ¦••'.¦- . ?
? •;-; JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ?
?}•:¦¦':¦¦.. Manager. ¦; . ? ,,
¦»?«????»» ?^ '?. ? »? »??????» »»
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
tanforaS park.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. 1-20, 1900," Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. in.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. |j Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and ,, Townsend streets at
9:00, 10:40 and 11:20 a. m.. and l-':lt>, 12:35, 12:50
and I:*s p. m.. returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved for
women und their escorts. No smoking. Valen-
cia street 10 minutes later. ; . .'¦ v
San Jose Bnd way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track. . $1 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
THE TAILOR.
1110-1112 Market St..
201-203 Montgomery St.
BAN FRANCISCO.
1011 Washington St.,
OAKLAND.
Grade Plaisted Wants Divorce,
Graoie Plalsted Fowler, the winsome
singer who won fame on the boards of
the Tlvoll, filed suit for divorce yesterday
against her husband of the last five years,
Frank Leon Fowler. Mrs. Fowler, who is
now leading lady of the Dewey Theater
Company of Oakland, alleges desertion
and failure to provide as causes of ac
tion. In her complaint she alleges that
she married her husband at Claremont,
Alameda County. September 27, 1594. Three
months later, she says, she was deserted
by Fowler, who has since failed to pro
vide her with the common necessaries of
life. She prays a decree of court granting
her absolute divorce.
If you have any pictures to frame see
the new moldings and new mat boards
Just received. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market Btreet. •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
FINAL PERFORMANCES
of the Gorgeous Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
MATINEE FOR CHILDREN SATURDAY.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Sumptuous Production MONDAY. Jan. 15.
of Frank Daniels' Great Comic Opera.
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
Seats Now on Sale for Next Week.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c.
OUR TELEPHONE. BUSH 9.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TEL. MAIN tSL
MATINEE TO-MORROW FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF THE GREAT-
EST EXTRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION EVER
WITNESSED IN THIS CITY.
....SINBAD....
NEXT WEEK— Flrrt Time !n San Fraaclsco
of I>e!llr.cer's Funout Comic Opera, '
"DON CAESARJJF IRUN."
PRICES 2Sc. 80c. 75c
f -.>- Galleries 10c and lie
Good reserved seat in orchestra, at Saturday
Matinee. 2ic.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CHUTES ANDZOCSffcaST 1
MAJOR JH/TE.... ...... MAJ0R MITE
The Smallest Actor en Earth.
ELLA BUHL Coasting the Chutes.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLK SHOW.
PPECIAL TO-MORROW (Saturday) Night.
The fiercest end liveliest rounds of the Cor-
b"tt-Fitrc!mnions and JefTriei«-Fltzslmmons
ftphti>. Phone for B»at»— Park a.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Legitimate Comedy
¦ Drama,
2TE2CT "WEEK—
"LADY WINCiERMERE'S FAN."
American Debut of MAY BLAYNEY.
AMUSEMENTS.
The Hirh-water Mark of Vaudeville.
THE ELINORS SISTERS,
la Georce M. Cohan's Greatest Hit, "DAN-
GEROUS MRS. DELANEY."
FRANK LATONA. The Musical Tramp.
CHARLES A. GARDNER. JOHN and NEL-
LIE MacARTHEY. BILLY RICE and H. W.
FRILLMAN. THE ROZINOS. DOROTHY
DREW. THORNE and CARLETON.
Last Week of the Re inn Ing Favorite,
FOUGERE
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c: opera chairs
and box teats. COc.
Matin, ts Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Milk Wagon Driver Sentenced.
John Sadzman, driver of a milk wagon
who was charged with embezzling $40
from his employer, was convicted yester
day by Judge Cabanlss and sent to the
County Jail for three months.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
S. H. FRIEDLANDER & CO.. Lessees and Managers.
NIFAREWELLIIN
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30 O'CLOCK.
THE PEERLESS DIVA.
MME. EMMA NEVADA
AND MR. LOUIS BLUMENBERG, Cellist,
— MR. SELDEN PRATT, Pianist.
PROCRAmmE.
(b) ValSe 0 ?*.. :::::::::.": Rubinstein (a) "A Tale of Two Apples" (first time)...
iiH!"pnATTV " Laura Sedgrwlck Collins
Mad scene from 'Lucia' Donizetti O>) "You and I" Lira Lehman
(*.) Romance ..„„... .E. E . VA . DA - Davidoff (c) " Voeel lm *™««"-» Taubert
(b) Serenade Badlne Gabriel Marie MME. NEVADA.
f) Hutnore sk?" . BLt " MENBER O- (a) Besesnun*. (b) Spanish Dance Popper
<b) Wldaiun* .'...."' .Schumann-UMt MR - BLUMEKBERO.
MR. PRATT. Rondo Sonambula MME. NEVADA
SEftTS-sl, «i 2,
Cart Load of Gold.
The sum of $SOO,OOO in gold was taken
from the Bank of California yesterday
and carted out to the Hlbernla Bank. The
money was paid upon a check given In
payment for the Baldwin Hotel property
by James L. Flood to E. J. Baldwin.
J. C. CALHOUN
llncatlon. He then claimed a protective
tariff was unconstitutional and asserted
the right of each State to lay, as it were,
a preliminary injunction on the enforce
ment of any law it feels to be contrary
to the Federal compact. After the Mexi
can war came the closing days of the
statesman, when he despaired of his
country. To him was coming the force
of the saying that a house divided against
itself cannot stand, and he foresaw that
the Union could not endure half-slave and
half-free. Yet he loved the Union, and
the man whose logical political .philoso
phy had taught the South how to secede
wrote his last speech, which hiß strength
would "not permit him to read, on the
theme, "How Can the Union Be Pre
served?" His only solution was that the
North must agree "to do Justice by con
ceding to the South an equal tight in the
conquered territory, and to do her duty
by causing the stipulations relative to
fugitive slaves to befaithfuly fulfilled, to.
cease the agitation of the slave question
and provide for the insertion of a provi
sion in the constitution by an amendment
which will restore in substance the power
she was possessed of protecting herself
before the equilibrium between the sec
tions was destroyed by the action of this
Government." He feels that the case is
hopeless, and he states that be is strug
gling to save "the Union, If it can be
done, and, if it cannot, to save the section
where it has pleased Providence to cast
my lot, and which I sincerely believe has
justice and the constitution on its tide.
Having faithfully done my duty to the
best of my ability • • • I shall have
the consolation, let what will come, that
I am free from all responsibility," and
with those helpless words on his lips John
C. Calhoun left the political arena and
went to his deathbed. He was striving
for a cause that was already on the way
to be a lost one. -
Of incorruptible integrity, of wonder
ful powers of argument, of sincere de
votion to Christianity, of marvelous sin
gleness of purpose and power of influenc
ing men, Calhoun stands out as one of
the most noteworthy characters In
American history. He was born of
Scotch-Irish parents in Western South
Carolina in 1782 and died at Washington
in ISSO, while serving as one of the United
States Senators from his native State.
Curiously enough, his wholo academic
training was in Connecticut,' from the
straitest sect of the Federalists. He
took his bachelor's degree from Yale
College in 1804, when the elder Dwight
was president, and at a time when one
of the professors had recently been
obliged to sever his connection with the
institution largely because he was a Re
publican. The subject of his commence
ment oration was "The Qualification Nec
essary to Constitute a Perfect States
man." and his purpose for life work led
him to the law, that great avenue to pol
itics in the United States. He studied at
the famous Litchfield Law School under
Judges Reeve and Gould, and then re
turned to his home in Abbeville District
and began to practice his profession. His
political abilities were soon discovered,
and he was chosen a member of the State
Legislature. There he achieved promi
nence and was soon transferred to the
national councils, being elected to Con
gress In the year 1810. Probably there has
never been a case when an unknown
young man leaped at a bound Into na
tional prominence as did Calhoun. His
first appearance In Congress was in No
vember, 1811. Struck with his abilities.
Clay, the Speaker, placed him second on
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. For
eign affairs was a complicated skein. The
long series of outrages on our commerce
from Great Britain and France could no
longer be borne. We must have redress
by peaceable or forcible means.
Neither nation could show a clean rec
ord of dealing toward us, but we could
not contend with both at one time. We
must choose one antagonist and fight
her. England had been much more
troublesome to our commerce because
she had more power at sea, and the lead-
Ing spirits among that band of young
men in Congress who were shaping the
policy of the Republican majority hailed
from the South and West, where by old
tradition France was loved and Britain
hated. Therefore, war with England was
resolved.
The tone of the first resolutions the new
committee reported was bellicose and
stated that "to wrongs so dartng in their
character and so disgraceful In their exe
cution it is impossible that the people of
the United States should remain lnutffer-
CALIFORNIAjrHEATERgU
A Gem Indeed — So Very Beanlifol!
The PRINCESS and THE BUTTERFLY
The most charm!h* of all comedies yet pre-
sented by the
...FRAWLEY COMPANY...
Mi?s Mary Scott as Fay Zulianl.
Seats now «r» *a.le for the !at» Aufrustln Daly's
Greatest Comedy Success.
"THE COUNTESS GUCKI."
MISS MARY VAN BUREN
In Ada Rehan's Famous Role,
NOTE— "The Countess Guckl" will run from
Fur.d&y r.lßfct, January 14. up to and Including
Sunday nirht. January 21.
MATINEE SATURDAY OXLT.
AMUSEMENTS.
WILL SUCCEED DR. STEBBINS.
Rev. Dr. Leavltt to Be Installed With
" Appropriate Ceremonies.
Rev. Bradford Leavltt, the brilliant
Eastern clergyman who is to succeed Rev.
Horatio Stebbins as pastor of the First
Unitarian Church, will be Installed in his
new pastorate Sunday morning with ser
vices in keeping with his sacred trust.
The services will be of the most solemn
character. Dr. Stebblns will deliver an
address, and as it will probably be his
last appearance in the pulpit, the church
will be crowded.
SHIPPERS PROTEST
AGAINST COMBINE
Will Appeal to the Com
merce Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. ll.i-The routing
imbroglio between the Southern Pacific
and the Santa Fe has brought to ,the sur
face the fact that a pooling arrangement
exists between those lines on a basis that
each line obtains 50 per cent of the freight
earned for transportation. Local shippers
Insist that they have seen the official
documents. The failure of the roads to
XRtet the local commercial organizations
in conference and adjust differences will
result in bringing this pool arrangement
before the Interstate Commerce Commis
sloners, who will hold a session in Los
Angeles In a few weeks. Lawyers are
working on the case and the evidence is
overwhelmingly against the roads.
In extenuation for the position taken by
the Santa Fe and Southern Pacific in the
matter of routing the roads declare they
are not responsible for the new rule which
went Into effect January 1. The trans
continental freight bureau is said to have
Issued the order and It bears the official
Indorsement of the following roads:
AtKhison, Topeka and Santa Fe, Burling
ton 1 and Missouri River, Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific, Denver and Rio
Grande. Missouri, Kansas and Texas, Mis
souri Pacific. Oregon and California, Rio
Grande Western, St. Louis and San Fran
cisco, St. Louis, Iron Mountain and South
ern. Santa Fe Pacific, San Francisco and
San Joaquln Valley, Southern California
Southern Pacific Company (Atlantic sys
tem). Southern Pacific Company (Pacific
system), Texas and Pacific and Union Pa
cific.
The fallura of Huntlngton to reply to
the citizens' committee arises from the
fact that he Is at Newport News, Va.,
where his shipyards are located, and that
he has met a committee from Congress,
which has examined his holdings. He
further says that his change of heart in
favoring the Nicaragua canal arises from
an attempt to court the favor of the de
partment executive that he may dispose
of his shipyard on the coast.
Towing the Wrecked William Carson Into Honolulu.
barkentine William Carson. The vessel
is owned altogether In San Francisco, and
there is very little insurance on her. .When
last teen she was on her side, the seas
breaking over her, and two tugs trying to
keep her off the reef near Honolulu. The
William Carson was run down by one of
the lnterisland steamers. James Rolp Jr.,
ono of the managing owners, went to
Honolulu on the Australia to see what
could bo done with the vessel.
The rush for coal continues. The Tellus
Is now under the bunkers, and yesterday
there were more than 150 coal wagons In
line waiting to get a load out of her.
A sporting gentleman by the name of
Dunn created a scene yesterday on Broad
way wharf. He left his wife aboard the
steamer Umatllla, saying he would be
back in a few minutes. Just as the gang
plank was being taken in Mrs. Dunn
rushed ashore, saying her husband had
deserted her. She then fainted away in
the arms of her mother, who was waiting
to see her away. A few minutes after the
Umatilla got away from the wharf Dunn
appeared and was upbraided by his moth
er-in-law. Later the entire party went up
town on a Hayes street car.
The big tramp steamer Algoa moves to
the seawall to-day. Yesterday between
the hours of 12 and 1 she was so crowded
with visitors that three policemen had to
be called in to assist the crew in clearing
the ship.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY .12, 1900.
CHIEF ADVOCATE OF STATE SOVEREIGNTY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert Bushnell Hart. Professor John Bach Me-
Master, Professor Charles H. Smith, Dr. Frederic W. Swire Professor Andrew C Mc-
Laushlln and others.
XUX— JOHN CALDWELL CAL
HOUN.
Calhoun dominated South Carolina as
no other man has ever dominated one cf
the United States. Quite fitly his lofty
statue towers above Madison square in
Charleston, and his grave In St. Philip's
Cemetery Is one of the first sights shown
to strangers. The impress of his strong,
masterful personality was stamped thor
oughly on the thought of the Palmetto
State. The people drank deeply from the
fountains of his political philosophy and
are intellectual followers of Calhoun un
til this day. It was a deserved reward.
No nlan ever lived more thoroughly for a
State than did Calhoun. He was a lover
of the nation, but far more of South Car
olina. For her profit and honor he la
bored and struggled, and her good was al
ways before his eyes. Calhoun's political
life may be divided into parts in which he
shows himself, respectively, a nattonail-
Ist, a nullifler and one who despaired of
the Union. When he entered Congress
he enrolled himself In that enthusiastic
and ardent group of men known as the
young Republicans, who drove on a re
luctant administration into a war with
Great Britain for the nation's honor, and
who stood for a protective tariff, a United
States bank and a strong government.
After Jackson's election as President we
find Calhoun appearing as the archpriest
of an anti-national doctrine, that of ntil-
Johns Hopkins University:
ent. • • • The period has arrived when)
' * It is the sacred duty of Congress
to call forth the patriotism and the re
sources of the country." In his first
speech, uttered only a month after hla
lirst appearance In Washington, Calhoun,
with clear and forcible phrases, defended
this report. He openly avowed that "tha
committee recommended the measures
now before the House as a preparation
for war.'" and maintained that the na
tional honor and the safety of the citi
zens' lives and property demanded the use
of force. The efforts of Clay. Calhoun
and the other young Republicans forced
a declaration of war. and Calhoun was
one of the main supporters of the war in
Congress. He differed from the majority,
however, in favoring the repeal of all the
restrictive acts of non-importation and
embargo. He felt that "we are a people
essentially active. • • • No passive sys
tem can suit such a people, in action supe
rior to all others, in patient endurance In
ferior to none. Nor does it suit the genius
of our Government Our Government is
founded en freedom and hates coercion.
To make the restrictive system effective
requries the most arbitrary laws."
After the war we find Calhoun. now rec
ognized as a leader in the House, defend
ing the treaty-making power from as
saults by other Republicans and Introduc
ing measures for the establishment of a
United States bank. He did not discuss
the constitutional question, but, accept
ing the validity of the power to charter a
bank as an established fact, he made an
exhaustive argument to the point that
such a "bank would be favorable to the
administration of the finances of the Gov
ernment."
With other such sentiments he closed
his career tn the House of Representa
tives and became
Monroe's Secretary
of War in ISI7. Ma
found the admin
istration of that de
. par tment chaotic.
Pk He reduced it 3
t^sy. methods and ac
jlJV • counts to due order
\mwv\ and effected consid
«»Yft, erable savins: of the
iajv/ public money. Men
gf^T ( now betran to speak
4&A of Calhoun as a
Ks^- candidate for the
WS . Presidency, but flnd
\l|\ Ing himself, out
§l9] classed by other
Wy candidates In the.
f election of 1524,
when persons, not
principles, were 13
if sues, he announced
k himself as candidate
¦k for the Vice Presi
9Bkk dency and was oa?
g^PV ily elected tn tnat
W^N^^ position. There he
¦akjwjjmj^^ ac q v Ittod himself
S^^J/^a?!^\ with ability. In one
S£jsSS?ffiVw£S^ case he refused t»
leave h!3 seat when
a t!e vote wa9 ex "
sSSS^It*/^ • pected on a . ques
vv^»^f&lr on w hose decision
v^vaM miKht cost him
T^EBBfJP some supporters. He
in had been elected by
L^N\^ jk\ a/i supporters of both
?<te^ /*\ ij Adams and Jack-
JOO MuTjiv\ son - an( ' y et - during
V Bah Vu'i the administration
Mf/l Ai\ of the former, ha
A/fln |\\ felt himself draw
u/riW Ix \ 1! -? constantly away
t ill » from the President
'/It and from such old
'P associates as Clay
/ and coming mora
and more to a
strict constructl o n
of the constitution.
So in the election of
IS2S we find him on
the Jac kson 1 a n
ticket and note that he was re
elected by a great majority as Vice
President. Doubtless he hoped to ba
Jackson's political heir; doubtless he was
the natural leader of the new Democratic)
party after Jackson, and doubtless per
sonal matters, such as the unreasonable
grudge which Jackson bore to the man
who supported a Just censure on some
of Jackson's early acts and who would
not receive Jackson's friends as his, were
potent causes in destroying his hope ot
having Jackson's assistance, which aid
was transferred to Van Buren. But that
such considerations, and the fact that ha
found that popularity In South Carolina
would follow most easily an anti-national
attitude were the chief motives of Cal
houn's new position, cannot be believed.
That these influences were not without
their effect is undoubted, but the change
in front of so keen and conscientious a
thinker as Calhoun cannot be explained
by such Influences alone. In the twelve
or fifteen years since he had left Con
gress he had undergone one of those sub
tle and gradual changes of feeling which
often lead men to conclusions diametri
cally opposite to those with which they
began. That his two positions were In
consistent may be granted easily, but in
consistency is often another name for
growth. The maintenance of slavery and
of the plantation system of his State be
came so Important in his eyes that all
else sank into a secondary place, and un
consciously to himself his point of view
had changed from a national to a sec
tional one. x
Calhoun admitted that a State had no
right to oppose the execution of an admit
tedly constitutional law. but the State
was the Judge as to whether she would
admit the constitutionality of the law. If
the law was of doubtful constitutionality
or clearly unconstitutional — and the test
in both cases lay in the hands of the State
— It might be declared null and void by the
State as far as It was concerned, and
thenceforth 'should not be enforced in its
limits. There was no secession, the State
was exercising a reserved power. It still
remained In the Union, and if three
fourths of the States w»hould decide
against Its position when iff peal was made
to them by Congress the State must yield
to the voice of its sisters and the disputed
power now became an undisputed part of
the constitution.
We have left ourselves no time to tell
how Calhoun resigned the position of Vice
President and accepted that of United
States Senator to defend South Carolina"a
position in nullifying the tariff act. or how
by stpeeches, addresses from his home at
Fort Hill and letters to Governor Hamil
ton he confirmed the wills of the people.
It Is true Clay's compromise tariff and
Jackson's firm attitude In favor of tha
preservation of the Union deferred a con
flict for thirty years and that Calhoun
and his State gradually came back Into
national politics as extreme members of
the State's rights and pro-slavery wing oC
the Democratic party. Ills long service in
the Senate enabled him to take a bold and
decided stand against the United States
Bank and in favor of the sub-treasury
bill, and to make vigorous contention for
the annexation of Texas and the addition
of the new slave Territory. In the Texas
matter his influence was also exerted in
the Tyler Cabinet, where he held the office
of Secretary of State for a time. Goln?
back to the Senate he fought any further
compromise. Then came the end. His
work was built on the sand of State". •»
rights and slavery, and fall in the great
storm of the Civil War. He has left be-,
hind him the name of the "keenest politi
cal logician the United States has ever
had," and of the "greatest and purest of
pro-slavery fanatics." as an unfriendly
foreign biographer called him. A fairer
tribute, given by one of the ablest of tha
historians of his own section is: "I at
least cannot call him a thoroughly wise
and great statesman, but I can admlra
his strong, subtle Intellect and lofty in
tegrity and soundness of heart. Mistaken
he was often, but he never did anything
consciously that he thought wa3 wrong or
low.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
*- A &7Gy&riCm^ i&%
belling
fLO f W*2/S The No. 8 Idol is the lowest
*"^ price Ptove we have. Xo. 7 Idol
ior $12 are all Kone. No. 8 Idol
\a a much better Etove than No.
7. for it has a No. 8 top on a
HnVPn t <;n!n finite all niir N*>- 7 body, offering the same
ndVtll I iUIU quite dll OUr usefulness while taking up less
. , ¦ , f . eiiace. A IC-ineh square oven
StOVeS Vet. :hirtV left und live 8-inch hoKs. nickel
J trimmed; perfectly adapted for
<-KC\f\t\ nnoc tnn kitchen use; easily compares
£OOa OneS, tOO. wUh ord |nary $3u downtown
stoves. Our former price was
Different sizes, different gyg» p*s\
grades, different prices, but :::::::::::::: * * •Ovr
every price at least 2^ per NEW lONIC.
The New lonic very closely
Cent lOWer nOW than We resembles the Dispatch which we.
Fold out of last week for 122 50.
were charging a while back. E^e e tha vv n ce t t he e D?s r patch. a but t we
are selling it for the same
l^nrmpr CAllinrr nrir*»~ money. Hai an 18-lnch square
rOrmer Selling priCe^ ove n to the right of the fire box:
double top, six S-lnch lids; duplex
Were It DPT CPOt lOW?r prate: handsomely and heavily
wcic 4>y pel CCUI IUWCI nickel trimmed; high back like
.v „ ~ »i^-x--. *t *v«. »«.'«*'..» picture. A very desirable
than thOSe Ot the StOVe kitchen etove. Always sold for
$22 00 in our store; we have cut
combine— the downtown ff t 10 ,^ o^ $QQ £Tf\
dealers. Therefore you SL:::^"
save co per cent at Patto- aSS^S^--^
siens.
It was selling stoves at -==Mu^fe- ¦
such low prices that Sr' _T '"^Cu
brought on this stove fight _&|fep^pffi^SS >
with the combine. They
are forcing us out of the
stove business, but \ye are J§i^^S|||s^^
Four Belle Stoves left at $20, a $35 stove.
Five 6-ho!e Elm Leaf Stoves, $20, a $35 stove.
Pattosien's
Li£ Home Store In the Mission, Cor. lOth and Mission Sts.
Take Fillmcre. Mission and yellow Kearny et. cars direct to
door; Valencia (blue Market et.) cars »to 16th st.
7Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. lI.— CATTLE-k3ood fat na
Itlve steers, strong to 10c higher; others steady;
Texans strong; butchers' stock, canners and
feeders about steady.' ' Good to choice, $5 25Q
— . *•— * . . . ¦
The feelins in securities was firmer on the
morning session. Spring 11 ;.*?- 1 ",,
vanced to $33 50. Paauhau to «?"%. Mika
well to 543. Kllauea to $20 and Market-Street
Railroad to $60 75.
Afternoon eales appear below. „„_„„„_
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
will pay the regular monthly dividend of 25
cents per share on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 11—2 P. m
U.li,A:».
U S Bends—
4s quar coup.. — —
4s quar reg... — 114%
4s quar new... — —
Is quar c0up... 109% —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 6b.. 115% —
C C Wat 55.. 106 107
t;d Lk V t5..13« —
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R is. — 95
HC & S 6%5..113 —
H C & S 55. ...106*4 —
L A Ry 6s 104% —
L, A LCo 55.. — —
Do gntd 63.. — —
Do gntd 55.. — 103
LA& P R Ss.lol —
UHrket-st t5a...125>4 —
Do Ist M 55. .116% —
NCN G X 7s. — —
NR of Cal 05.112 —
N R of Cal 65.112% —
N P C R R 65. 102% —
N P C R R 5a.195«4 —
N C R R 65... 1w —
O G L & II 58.108 110
Oak Tran 6a...1U%113
Oak W Co 55.. 105 106%
Oceanic S3 Co.lC3VilC4%
Km U Xv «»... — 126%
P & Cl Ry 65..104%105%
Pk <fc ORy 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s — 121
Sac El G&RSs — —
S F & N P 55.H2%112?i
S F & SJV 53.115 115&
b Ry of Cal tia.107%109
S P of A 65....105tfi —
S P C 63(1905). 103 110
SP C 65(1906).Ul —
8 P C 65(1912). — —
SPCIs eg sa. — —
S P Br 6s 124%12S
S V Wat 65. ...114 —
S V Wat 45....1C3% —
S V W45(3dm).101% —
Ktktn Gas t>s>..lol 105
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 73% 74^4
\iarln County .'. S* —
Spring Volley. 94 94%
Gas & tlecirlc —
Cent Gas C 0... — —
Hld.A.-K.
Cent L A P.... — 5 ,
Eqult G L Co. 4Vs 0%
Mutuel L Co. 13h 15
OG L & H.... 42 —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 45%
fac Light Co. 40 —
B FG & E.... — 52V4
Han Francisco. 3% 4
blucjitoa uu.. U —
I; jurance —
Firem's Fund.. 22o 239
jjanlc Stock*—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
Bank of Ca1... 404 —
CaJ SD & T.. 95 93
Flfst Nation!.. 2so —
Lon P & A.. ..121 132Vs
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — ISO
Savings Banks—
Ger S L L...1750 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 44 —
BFSav V.. 437H —
Say * L So. — —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads—
California 117^129
Geary-st w> —
Market-st Ry.. tl\ tl%
O3L& U — 50
Presidio 17% 25
Powder Stocks—
California 160 175
E Dynamite... &5 —
Giant Con Co.. 95H 3«
Vigorit 2!i 3%
butar Stocks—
Hana P C 0.... 7% B^4
Haw C& S Co. 87 83
Honokaa S Co. 31H 33
Hutch S P Co. 26% 27
Kllauea S Co.. 20 —
Makaweli SCo 44 44%
Onomea S Co.. 27% —
Paauhau S Co. 27& —
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.U3%l2oH
Her i.x A»»n.. — luu
Oceanic S Co.. 9S 92%
Pac A F A 1% Z*
Pac C Bor C 0..146. .146 —
Par Paint Co.. 9% —
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Honokaa Sugar Co SO 50
IGO Kllauea Sugar Co 29 CO
33 Makaweli Sugar Co 42 50
60 Makaweli Sugar Co 42 62V»
5 Makaweli Sugar Co 42 75
30 Makaweli Sugar Co 43 00
10 Market Street Railway 60 75
325 Paauhau S P Co 26 S7't4
135 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 50
10 S V Water 92 73
50 3 V Water 93 23
30 S V Water 93 37H
25 8 V Water 93 50
60 Visorlt Powder 3 00
Street—
23 S V Water 92 50
$ii,oo Hawaiian Coml & Sugar Bonds 106 60
$3000 Market St Ry Ist Con 5s 116 75
$3000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 00
10 Giant Powder Con 91 50
10 Giant Powder Con, s 80 94 00
SO Giant Powder Con ~ 95 00
10 Giant Powder Con 94 87H
10 Giant Powder Con 95 50
10 Giant Powder Con 95 67V4
10 Giant Powder Con 86 00
10 Giant Powder Con, a 30 95 23
10 Giant Powder Con, s 30 93 00
100 Giant Powder Con, s 30 94 73
10 Giant Powder Con. s 30 »4 674
170 Honokaa Suzar Co 21 CO
45 Makaweli Sugar Co 44 CO
30 Makaweli Sugar Co 44 23
5 Market Street Railway 61 37«4
15 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 17 00
EO Paauhau S P Co 27 60
100 Paauhau S P Co IS 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 82 00
80S V Water '. 93 75
10 S V Water 93 87&
35 S V Water 94 25
3 8V Water 94 50
J6COO Los Angeles Ry 5s 104 75
$10CO N P C R R 5s 106 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas —..... 800
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 119 75
20 Contra Costa Water 74 25
60 Honokaa Sugar Co SO 37%
40 Paauhau Sugar Co 26 1:4
10 Oceanic S S Bonds 92 00
20 S'F Gas & Electric Co 62 27%
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 82 50
250 Vigorit Powder S 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 123 00
100 Equitable Gas 4 75
10 Giant Powder Con 92 50
20 Contra Costa Water 74 25
JO Makaweli Sugar Co 4S 00
50 Paauhau Sugar Co 28 £5
10 S V Water J2 87V4
10 S V Water 93 00
5S V Water 93 12ft
15 S V Water 93 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Burlington 1 CO
$00 Dominion 40
SCO Dominion '- 45
100 New Hope 100
200 San Luis t 37tf
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Burlington 100
300 Dominion • 40
1500 Dominion 45
100 National 6 73
100 Son Luis 8 J7V4
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
250 Barker Ranch 1 IS
600 Century Oil Co 1 20
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 75
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 70
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Century OH Co 1 25
100 Anaconda Oil Co l'7o
100 Anacfcnda Oil Co 1 63
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 60
Street—
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 70
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 70
MININO STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 10 500 Ophlr 89
200 Best & Belcher 24 400 Sierra Nevada 45
200 Chollar 27 100 Union Con 27
300 Crown Point.. Hi
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 031 2CO Con Cal & Va.l 45
100 Belcher 11 W Con Cal Sc Va.1«40
100 Best & Belcher 23 \ 100 Justice 03
600 Bullion 04« 100 Mexican SI
100 Caledonia 50i 600 Ophlr 69
200 Caledonia 49! 350 Sierra Nevada. 45
300 Challenge 20l 100 Utah 03
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mo/nlng Session. •~ ; :;<
200 Challenge Con 21 1 1000 Gould & Carry 23
450 Con Cal & Va.l 4» 500 Mexican 33
200 Con Cal & V.I 42'/al 200 Mexican 31
300 Crown P0int. .124 600 Ophlr 69
200 Crown Point.. 12 600 Savage 13
600 Gould & Curry 24 500 Union Con .... 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge Con. 20 200 Ophir 67
EO Chollar 26 2CO Ophlr 68
100 Chollar 27 500 Potosl IS
" 200 Mexican 31 300 Sierra Nevada. 43
200 Ophir 66 400 Union Con 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. 11-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 04 Kentuck — 02
Alia 02 01 Lady Wash.... 02 —
Andes 10 11 Mexican 31 32
Belcher 10 11 Occidental IS 20
Best & Belcher. 23 24 Ophlr 63 69
Bullion 03 Co Overman 08 09
Caledonia 49 10 Potosl IT IS
Chollar 27 ZS Ravage V 18
Challenge Con.. 19 21 gcorplon 0! —
Confidence 62 6i Heg Belcher .... 03 0»
Con Cal & Va..l 40 143 Plerra Nevada. 44 «
Con Imperial... — OllSUver Hill .... 04 05
Con New York. — 04 St. Louis — OS
Crown Point .. 11 12 Standard 175 295
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — 06
Gould & Curry. 23 24 ¦ Union Con 28 28
Hale & Norcrs. 39 4ajUtah •"• OS 04
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 23 2i
Justice — 04|
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' Mar. May.
Opening 5 9>/i 6 9»4
Closing 5 9V4 5 9&
Wheat — Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 17 95 18 90
Closing 17 95 18 90
Flour-
Opening 24 00 24 85
Closing 23 90 24 83
Exports for December.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The monthly state
ment of the exports of domestic breadstuffs,
provisions, cotton and mineral oils from the
United t-intf-a issued by the Bureau of Statls
tlCß shows the fofiowlnc:
Breadstuff s. $13,148,230, decrease as compared
with December, IS9S, about $12,500,000; cattle
and hogs. $2,001,776, decrease about $233,000; pro
visions, $15,316,337, decrease about $214,000; cot
ton, 512.531.110 decrease about $14.C00.
Mineral oils, $5.47 C.027. • increase $1,300,000;
total. $67,783,500. as against $'J3.4D4,56S for De
cember, IS9S. For the twelve months the ex
ports amounted to $712,031,925, as against $789,
995,103 for twelve months of 18SS. .
New York Stock Market.
NTTW YORK. Jan. 11.— To-day's stock mar
ket was characterized by considerable epecu
lative activity on the part cf the tear con
tingent. The raid, however, was restricted to
a email nun.ber of stocks, all of them in the
list cf what are called speciaJties. including
the New York City public utilities and the
older high-priced Industrials. There was posi
tive demoralization in these active stocks in
contrast to the fairly firm undertone of the
general list and e»^pecially the railroads. The
occasion of the attack en the industrials wits,
of court*, yesterday's utterances by the presi
dent of the American Sugar Refining Company.
The friends of other Blocks in the Industrial
list made strenuous effor'ji to differentiate thtir
movement from •:..= : of sugar and marked them
up briskly at the c-i>enlng in face of the vio
lent break in the 1 rice of the stock named,
but the bears met this maneuver with selling
In such volume and with such confidence that
one after another of the specialties crumbled
In price ani fell through a storm of dislodged
f "¦;¦•¦•- orders. Even the railroad list waa
;.•:.".•¦. st 2&et and the e&rli«r gains in that
tic^artment were generally wiped out. The
only prominent railroad stock In which the net
declines reached & point were Baltimore and
Ohio, Burlington, Missouri Pacific, Pennsyl
vania and Delaware and Hudson. I.ackan arm.i
OecUaed 2 points. The rally before the close
reduced all net declines in the railroad to
fractional limits and registered fractional gains
la Borne caa?s. The course of Sugar was ex
tremely erratic and feverish all day. At the
low level it was over 6 points below laet night
and 1 . below the low level In the December
panic. Its net lorn is 6. All of the New York
traction and lighting tnaret were severe euf
lerers, Metroj>olit«n showing an extreme de
cline of S 1 *, Brooklyn Transit ti and Thlrd-
Aver.ue C l^ The Gas stocks, Manhattan, Peo
ple's Gas, Tobacco, Federal Steel. Sugar pre-
Irrrfd ar.d Tennessee Coal were off from 'A to
4 1 j. The borrowing demand for Sugar sent it
to a prc-miura in the loan crowd before the
Close. A large preponderance of the total deal-
Ings was made up by this group of specialties.
At no ievol of prices m there any activity
In railroad ntook«. The strength In foreign
markets on the reduction in the ofSclal dis- I
count . .. • - of the I¦ 1: k of England and the
lia^k of France wan reflected to the market ;
s.iid fort-Urn urbitrage brokers were good buyers 1
until price* ro*e. ab<>ve warily. Ooauttissloa {
houws continued jiractlcaUy idle and there was ,
no disposition to...,-.¦o ••...,-.¦ in railroads. The i
reaction in iiricea waa sympathetic. The Lon- I
don buying was in suKioJent volume to cauf*? !
notable heaviness in the pterllng exchange ¦
market, where the demand for bills was very !
light. The New York b&nkc are receiving lurge '
remittances from the interior as well as from :
the eub-treiu-ury «;,d rates on all classes of ¦
1 ..£.!.(* v..;e notibiy easier.
The ir.,:A market was dull, brt held firm
throughout. Tutul ulea, par value. $l.;0i.O00.
United States 2s <couj»onj dtcllrni %. 3» !
<regibterfdj »». and 2s <couponj tnd old 4s !
»rtglEtpre.l) ',« in the bid price.
m;w yoiiK stock list.
6 £ficT* Closing j
1.40"i Atchlson ,n»%
16.330 Atctiison prefd JST» '
SS2 Baltimore & Ohio £7^ ;
Canada Southern 4Vit !
ICO Canadian Pacific Sli 4 j
4.730 Chesapeake Ac Ohio 2?^ i
*.»u0 Chicago Grmt Western llii ',
17.«>C1» Chicago Burlington &¦ <julncy lii^ j
Chicago Ind * I^ouisviile 14 !
llX> Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 46 !
Cluctfco tc Kutitern Illinois SS |
3TO Chicago & NcrthwesU-rn us 1
7.C14 Oiiowro llock Island it Paelflo.. 104*. !
1.430 CCC 4 St I^ouis 6u£ >
7GO Colorado Houthern £i 7 ]
1.124 Colorado Southern Ist prefd....!!!! 4]
Colorado Boatbcrn t£ pnii . ' ttu,
4l» Ix law-are & Hudson !!m£
tbO Delaware i^tckawanna & Western 173
£00 X>enrer £-. Kiu <irar.de 17
....... r»or.ver & Jlio Grbiide prefd 66%
Erie 10^
LOOO Uric Ist prefd 3(13,
234 Gi-f-at Northern prefd ' 'ie7*i
Hiking Coal \\\' X ;
Hockir.g Valley '.*_' jj
COO Illinois Central lldii
lowa Central """ „.*
lowa Central prefd 4S
4DO Kaneat City Pituburg & Gulf!! 774
JOO Luke Erie & We«ern 23
Lake Krie & \Ve«<-rn j.refd R2
Lak» Shor* IP7
4,000 Louisville & Nashville 7xu
::¦;¦". Manhattan Elevated <,»^
k,O.V> Mar.hettan Street Railway ieH»i
300 Mexican Central j^v
Mir.neajiollß & St Louis z-i\
Minneapolis & Sft Louis prefd gsi*
C.OjO Missouri Pacific 33'
Mobile &. Ohio 27V4
Missouri, Kansas & Tex&a jw
400 MiFPouri Kansas & Texas prefd... Jiy 4
I<JO New Jersey Central IIS
. 6 030 New York Central 13314;
Z.VA Norfolk & Western 23\
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 67-4
€,CV) Northern Pacific 60^
213 Northern Pacific prefd 73-fc
445 Ontario A Western 21* i
....... Oregon Railwsy *¦• Nay 42
Oregon Hallway & Nay prefd 7«
8.C30 Pennsylvania 12S T 4.
Reading — 17Vfc
1.200 Reading Ist prefd 43^j
100 Reading 2d pr«»fd 26
Bio Grande Western 57
40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 60
@75c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per
ton.
Poultry alid Game.
Dressed Turkeys are In liberal supply and
lower. Stocks .of Eastern Poultry are now
considerably reduced.
Game is weaker.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12%®14c for Gob
blers and i:%-gi4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13317 c; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2; Goslings. $1 75
@2; Ducks, vy 5 for old and $4©5 for young;
Hens, $l@s; Young Roosters, $4 50@3; Old
Roosters, $4® 4 60; Fryers, $4 50®5; Broilers. $4
©4 60 for large and $3® 3 50 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50®3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail $1 50; Mallard, $3 Eo®s 60; Can
vasback, $3 &o<#s 50; Sprig, $4®4 50: Teal, $3
®3 60; Widgeon. $2 5(X&3; Small Duck, $1 75;
Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare, 75c® $1 25; Rab
bits, $1 60® 1 75; Gray Geese, $3 50® 4; White,
$1 lO@l 75; Brant, $1 75®2 50; Honkers, $5; En
glish Snipe, $3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Choese remain the same, and
both are quiet- Eggs continue to decline, and
tellers make free concessions to keep their
floors clear.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25@2«c; seconds,
231J21c.
Dairy— Fancy 22c; good to choice. 19£20 c;
common. 13117% c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12o; old, ll%c;
Young America, 12%© uc; iUastern. 15%@lt>c;
Western. I"%fflsc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 24@250 for store and 27%<3
32% c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold Stor
age, lS<322c for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
2C625c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue strong with lighter stocks.
Beginning next wet»k trl-weekly auctions will
be held. Lemons and Limes are quiet and un
changed. There is nothing new in Apples.
Fine dry Cranberries are somewhat firmer,
there being few left.
DECIDUOUS FKUITJj—
Apples— 3s®6. r )C per box for common. 75cG$l
for good. $1 25jfi 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries. $4@7; Coos
Bay Crartf>*TrU»». $1 l>er box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orange*, $1 73<g2 60
per box; Seedlings, 50cy$l; Japanese Man
darins, $1 65Jfl 73; Pomelos, $I®3; Lemons, $1
©1 50 for common and $2§3 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, J4 v 4 ."0; California
Limes, 2DT-i33c; Bananas, $1 £u'g3 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3 Jo@ 4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%c for
40-50's. 4®4<ic for 60-60's. 3%c for 60-70*s. 3V*c
for 70-So"s. 3c for 80-Ws and 2»ic for 90-100's.
Apricots,-ll@l3c for Royals, 12%©16cfor Moor
parks and 12ffl4c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6V4®
Cc for Standards, 6^466%c for choice and Tflsc
for fancy; peeled Peaches, 12%@15c; Evaporated
Apples, 6%@7%c: Sun-dried, 6©3% c per lb; Nec
tarines, &®9c; Peara, 6@7%c for quarters and
fcClOc for halves: Black Figs. 2H4i3%c; White
Figs. 4@Sc; Bleached Plums, BQ-9c; Unbleached
Plums, -7«8 7%c for pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAlslNS— Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 3c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. S%c; choice. 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
60-lb boxes, Jc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6V.«;
3-crown, 6V»c; 4-crowij. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 60 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $!: Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@loc; Walnuts, B<ff9c for
standards and 9®loc for softshell; Almonds,
11%Q12c for paner-shell, 9®loc for soft and 40
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, s\(g6%c for Eastern
an>l 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%®'3c; Fil
berts, 12®l2H;c; Pecans, Il®l3c; Cocoanuts,
$4 5085.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10%®
He for llcht amber; water white extracted Be*
light amber extracted. 7%@7Hc; dark, 5%060
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per Ib.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ?%e per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c for extra light and 13%e for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl:
extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork'
$14 50; extra clear. $17 50; Mes3. $16 50; smoked
Beef. 14@14%e per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6«4c per lb for com
pound and 7%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
SKc; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7*,@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed.
. HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands ssll
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. ll%c; medium, lie; light. 10% c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags, 7%c; Salted Kip, 10% c; Calf,
lie: Dry Hides, sound, IS@lS%c; culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf,
20c;' Sheepskins, yearlings, 20(ii"35c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium, 70^900; long Wool,
$I@l 25' each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 25© 2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per Ib; No. 2.
4c: refined, U%c; grease. 2%c.
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains. 9@loc: South
ern, S@loc; Middle County. n@l3c; Humboldt
and llendocino. 16@17c; Eastern Oregon. 13t};iGc;
Valley Oregon. 18©20 c: Northern Mountain,
free, 11014 c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10Q
lie per lb.
HOPS— 6@3c per lb.
San Franctsco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7%o per lb for Steers and 6%©7 c for
Cows.
VEAL— S@IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®Bc; ewes, 7@7 I ,vs per
pound. . .
LAMB— Spring, 12% c: yearlings, B@9c per lb.
POHK— Live Hogs, s\c for small, SHe for
medium and sy,tQs%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, s%@sVic; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®714c; Wool
Bags. 2S@3oc.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per 'ton: New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $7: Bryant, $7; Cooa Bay, $5 60: Wallsend,
$8; Co-operative Wallsend. $8; Scotch, ;
Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 60 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
Backs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. o-Hc; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, Go; < Dry Gran
ulated, 4%c; Confectioners" A, 4T4c: California
A. : Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c: Golden
C, • 4%c: barrels, l-16c more: half-barrels, %c
more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No orders taken for leas than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.' Dominoes, half-barrels, 6%c; boxes,
6%c per ib. Tjanim wtwiijmiiiiwwji mMZ*&***?*ma#'
METALS— Lead Pipe is higher at 7@7%c and
Sheet Lead at 7%{?S%c per lb.' Shot is also
higher at $1 65@1 90. Tin Plate is higher at
$5 75 for American and -$6 for English; " spot,
and S3 3Q and $3 65, respectively, for forward
delivery.-.- -¦- •
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— Liverpool administered a
snub to the local wheat market to-day, show
ing an advance, although there was a loss here
yesterday. Not further to offend her best cus
tomers, first prices In the pit here were a shade
over yesterday's close. May at 67%ff67T»c. The
market was not a broad one and fluctuations
were narrow the greater part of the time. There
was a fair demand early, and as offerings were
not larce the market rallied to 6S%(g6SVi. O:i
eflllnc against calls this was lost. May reced
ing to 67'»567%c. The strength of provisions
had a steadying effect. The strength. of corn
was also an Influence. Excepting some activity
at the opening the session v/as dull. There was
no Improvement in the cash demand nor In the
demand for export. Cash bids were up Me, but
business, which otherwise might have been
done, was shut off by a lack of cars. Shorts
covered near the end of the session, probably
influenced as much as anything by uneasiness
over the South African situation. May closed
firm. %@Vic over yesterday, at 68c.
Corn showed a little more activity than has
been the rule recently. Support came from the
strength of provisions and th« small country
offerings which Influenced most of the buying.
May closed Vie higher than yesterday.
Oats were firm In sympathy with corn and
provisions. May closed unchanged from yes
terdny.
Provisions were strong and active the greater
part of the session, prices again touching the
hteh mark established la«t week. Interests
which sold out in the hope of a greater break
Joined with uhorts In buying. There wan also
a good outside demand. The strength was
based on hog receipts under expectations and
better prices at the yards and cognizance of the
fact that deliveries on January contracts are
Btlll very small. May pork closed 12% c over
yesterday. May lard 12% c up and May ribs
10c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 %1\
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1»
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars — 48^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The local market was dull and un
changed.
Liverpool was firmer, but Paris was weaker.
Chicago reported a rather firmer tone on bet
ter cables, with fair speculation. Consider
able talk of an AnKlo-Russian war was not
reflected by cables. Stocks were stronger.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%®9SHc; milling, $1
@1 02%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— May— lS.oOO ctls,
$1 03%. \
Afternoon Session— May— l6,ooo ctls. $1 03V4-
BARLEY— Is still apathetic and unchanged.
Feed, 72%©75 c for No. 1 and 605Ei70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80©87% c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls.
7W4c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No soles.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue dull, with free offerings.
White $1 1001 30; Red. U 07%@l 20; Gray,
$1 07%@l 17%; Black, 97%c<25l 07%.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 9i%c<f*
$1 02V4 ocr ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 050
1 07%: mixed, 97%cST$l 02%.
RYE— sl©l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
ueual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for superfine.
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal,
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; Oat
Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $3 23@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat." $3 75; Farina.
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6® 7 25; In sacks. $5 75®7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 60 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay and Bran show more firmness. . and sales
of fancy Wheat Hay at $10 were reported, but
receipts were larger again yesterday, which
may operate against any Improvement. Mixed
Feed is lower.
BHAN— SI2 :,o<g*l3 W Dtr ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7O2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16 00@17 CO
per ton: Ollcnke Meal at the mill. $2fi®27; Job
bing $27 50i;?2S: Cocoanut Cake,* $20(g*21; Corn
meal $22 riOS'24 50; Cracked Corn. $24®23; Mixed
Feed' $15 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, *~i &0&S 50 tor common to good
and *9ff3 f* for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@3:
Oat, $6 50®S: Barley. $3@6 60; Alfalfa. $s@B per
ton; Compressed. $7©lo per ton.
STRAW— 2s!jjiOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is little doing In Beans, though dealers
report a steadier market, and several descrip
tions are higher.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 25; small White. $2 75©
2 90; large White, $2 40®^ 60: Pinks, $2 50@I 65;
Reds $3 255j3 r,O: Blackeyc, $4 50: Butters, nom
inal; Lima. $5®5 10; Pea, $2 »C@3 10; Red Kid
neys $4@4 25.
SEEDS— Urown Mustard, S©3^jc; Yellow Mus
tard. 4Q4»ic; Flax, $2 12V4; Canary. 8%0 per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7®Sc;
Rape. 2i/4@3c; Hemp, 4®4%c; Timothy, 4©414 c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 &o@l 90; Green, $1 '16
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and: Onions rule firm at th* ad
vanced prices. Vegetables utand about the
same.
• POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@95c; River Reds,
65@75c; Burbanks, Co@9oc per sack; Salinas Bur
banks, $1«n23; Oregon Burbanks, 90c@$l 30;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 60@l 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— Jl 50r?l 75 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2®3%c per lb;
String Beans, 3®6e: Cabbage, -40®50o; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 75c(3Jl 25; Kgg Plant from Los
Aneeles. 10<frl2V4c: Dried Okra, 12% c per lb;
Garlic, s\b@6Wc; Green Peppers from Los Ange
les;' 2S4c; Dried Peppers. St^lOc; Carrots, SO®
Chicago Grain Market.
i 60; poor to medium. J4@s; ml«d »* ockers. *3
@3 85: selected feeders. U 20<ff4 <5. f°2° "
choice cows, $3 40®4 75: bel/e™. « 5&54 90.
canners, $2 25@4; bulls. $2 6C®4 50: calves. $4 50
©5 70: fed Texas beeves. $4 2M&5 26. _ t( . ni , v .
HOGS-Market 5c to 10c higher: closed "teady.
good clearance; highest prices for three motH-h'-
Mixed and butchers, $4 35^4 60: food. I**1 ** "*°£!
heavy. $4 Eo@4 67%: rou B h heavy. $4 35@4 45,
light. $4 30©4 52%: bulk of sales. $4 4^4 60.
SHEEP-Good sheep strong: lambs 10c : lower
Native wethers. $4 4CX£4 90; lambs, $4 50® 6 20;
Western wethers, $4 WJN 75; lambs. » W®< 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 7&00; hogs, 31,000; sheep,
11,000. -
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. IL— Clearings. $332,400; bal
ances, $63,302.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Jan. 11.— As high as 63c was
paid for Walla Walla wheat to-day and a shade
more is reported offering In the interior. There
is nothing doing in Valley and quotations are
nominally unchanged. Blue Stem is easy at
6355-C, with 55c possible for something fancy.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 294,697 bushels.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Jan. 11.— WHEAT— Club, 61c; Blue
Stem. 63c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— Consols, 99; silver. 27d;
French rentes, 99f 92% c: wheat cargoes off
coast, quiet and steady: cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 80s 6d; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 11.— Wheat, dull; wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 15-32 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new, 8s 6Hd.
steady; American mixed old, 3s 6\d, steady.
Futures— Quiet; January, February and March,
2s 3d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March and
May, 6s 9%d. * -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 12.
Sunrises T»]
Sun sets J; l*
Moon seta *-*2 *- «a-J
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides)
the early morning tides are given la th* left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order of occurrence aa to tiraa. Th*
second time column give* the second tide ot
the day. the third time column tha third tld*
and the last or right hand column give* tha
last tide of th* day, except when ther* are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. Tho heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, exc«ct
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th* h«i«ht,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Th* plan* of
reference is the mean of th* lower low waters.
Rio Grande Western prefd ....—_. 89
COO fcta Louis & San Fran SH
6t Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 63
St Louis & San Fran Id prefd 32
Et Louis Southwestern 9%
1190 Et Louis Southwestern prefd........ 22
13.650 St Paul 116
100 St Paul vrtii l"0
St Paul & Omaha 115
10.S00 Southern Pacific 86H
luO Southern Railway 11
J.lOO Southern Railway prefd 53
Texas & Pacific 14H
16.P20 Union Pacific 45^i
2.T10 Union Pacific prefd 73*4 |
100 WabaFh ~hi
SW Wabash prefd 20
2,100 Wheeling and Lake Erie 9H
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 26*;
400 Wisconsin Central 17
Hxrress Companies —
Adams H2
American I*2
United StatPS 45
Wells Fargo ....'. 123
Miscellaneous—
130 American Cotton Oil 33H
American Cotton Oil prefd SO
American Malting Si
640 American Malting prefd 27
COO Am £meitintf & Refining 35%
412 Am PmWtiris Ac Refining prefd »S»i
Arr.«>rica:i Spirits 2*4
American Spirits prffd 17
SOO American t-teel Hoop 41
Arr.erican Steel Hood prefd SO
15.SM American Steel & Wire 47
American Steel & Wire prefd S3
tOO An-erican Tin Plate 29
American Tin Plate prefd 80
40.C34 American Tobacco ?64
American Tobacco prefd 135
700 Anaconda Mininsr Co CS T »
£0.4?S Br-H-klyn Rapid Transit CS i ;
1.4(0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 41? i
7.firv> Or.tln?r.tal Tobacco 30%
I.T2S Continental Tobacco prefa K3H
IS.7s<> Federal Ftwl 45%
1.<"32 Federal Steel prefd 72
100 General Electric 120 I
100 Glucose Piiffar 4?»i
Glucose Supar prefd 53
International Paper Il^i
International Par>er prefd 65Vi
Lacle-ia Gas 78V4
National Bl«cult 35*»
Nat'onal Biscuit prefd 90
IPO National Lead 25
National L«ad prefd 104
8"0 National Steel 41
120 National Et»>el rrefd 92
New York Air Brake 133
700 North American 14
Pacific Coast 43%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S4
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
S.ro Pacific Mall i\\
IS.7 S 1 People's Gas lO2^i
2TO Pressed Pteel Car f6H
Pressed St<>(»! Car prefd S5
ir> Pullman Palace Car IS7
VA Ftandju-d Rcpe & Twine 9\l
105.675 Kiifrar IHH
X"0 Pupar prefd 110
2.!O0 Tennessee Coal & Iron SOH
2,3-0 Ur.ited States LeathT IS';
700 United States leather prefd 73*4
United States Rubber 41^
United State* Rubber prefd 103
fV> Western Union fr,a£
I.4<y> R*>r>uh!i<? Iron & Pte^l Co 20»i
100 Republic Iron * Steel Co prefd 63 '
P S S & St Louis 77%
E74.900 Shares eo!d.
CLOSING BONDS.
US !s reg 10?u x 0x 0 Carolina 65... .117
do 3s IDS**, do 4s 106
do Ja coup 110 No Pac lsts 110
do n»w 4s reg 133=; do 2s 6T.14 \
do coup 133^1 do 4* 103« i
do eld 4s reg 113\ X T C 4 St L 45. .104
do coup 113*« Sort & W con 4».. 90»i
do Ea re»r V?% do gen 6s W*
Dls of Col 3.655.. ..1U Or Nay l*ts 110 "
Atch!.«on gen 45. ..% vj \ do 4s 101 |
do adj 4s 7Mt(Or S Line* 6s l*S?i
Can Ko 2ds W-i! do con 5s 110 '
Ches & Ohio 4Us.. 96'-i Reading gen 45.... 83<-i |
do Es 116 R G Wes 1«« H%
C & N W con 75.. 133 'St L & I M con 55.103-4
do S F deb 55...11S Et L& S F gen G5.120
Chi Term 4s MUISt Paul Conn 160
D & It O lsts 102H Pt P C & P lf.ts..llSli
D & R G 4» 564; do :s lis,i,» I
E T Va &: Ga lets.HOVSo Ry 5s IOS'S
Erie gen 4s CS S Rope &T 6s S2 i
Ft W& D C lsts.. 714 Term new set 25... ?C !
Gen Elec Es 117 Tex & Pac lsts ill
G II & S A 6s 110 ' do Us 54
do 2ds P5 Union Pac 4s 10!
H & T C Eg 1101$ Wabafh lsts 113%
<!o con 6s 110 | do iris' 9314
lowa Cent lsts 110 ;Wt-st Shore 43 111
X C P & G lsts.... 67 :Wls Cent lsts 89
La r.ew con 4s lC'^Va cent 84%
L A- Na?h uni 45.. 97 i do deferred 5
M K& T 2ds €6 Colo &So 4s S4H
do 4s 89 !So Pac 4s 80H
N V Con Ist* 100 I
N J Cent gen £5...118 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24 Ontario 7 25
Crown Point. 10 Cphir 65
Con Cal Ss. Va 1 3S : Plymouth C 8
Deadwood C 5 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould 4 Curry W'- L>o prerd 800
Hale & Norcross.. 25 Plerra Nevada 40
Homestake E5 00 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 23
Mexican 2S'Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWestgh Elec 40
Call loans 6T7J L>o prefd 61
Time loans E4/6,Wis Central 17
Stock?— iDom Coal 44
Atch Top & S F.. 1S 7 4; I>o prefd 113
I>o pr»f<i f.8«4 Bonds-
Am Sugar 114U>AtchlFon 4s „., SS
Do prefd 11l I Mining Shares—
Bell Tel 230 iAdve.nture 6
Boston A- Albany.. 24o lAHouez Mnn C 0... 3
Boston El o:>i4 j ßo«ton & M0nt.... 270
BoFton A Maine. ..2oo [Butte & Boston 42
C B & Q 119*i|Cnium« & Hec1a..740
Fltchburg prefd. ..l22 |C*ntennlal IG%
Gen E!e? prefd. ...137 'Franklin 14
i Federal Steel 4S'/i,Huniboldt 1
Do prefd 72 lOsreola 70
I Mexican Central... 10%lParrot 29
I Mich Tel lf*o iQuincy 145
I Old Colnrfy 202 4?anta Fe Cop 5V4
: Old Dominion 20 Tnmarack lfi
; Rubber 43 ;Wlnona 4V4
: Union Pacific 45% 1 Wolverines 40
1 West End 92 jUtah £6
Do prefd 112 I
Nczv York Money Market,
NKW YORK, Jan. 11.— Close— Money on call,
easier, at 51?5H per cent; last loan. 3 per cent:
prevailing rate. 6 per cent. Prime mercantile
l>ai>er. &H©<> per cent. Sterling exchange heavy,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 B€«i
for demand and at $4 S3Vx for sixty days; posted
rates; $4 84% ana $4ES>4; commercial bills, $4 82
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11.604 barrels; exports, 12,529. Quiet but firmer,
not being pressed for sales.
WHEAT— Receipts, 71,200 bushels; exports,
120,600; spot, steady. No. 2 red, 75%0 f. o. b.
afloat prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7S"io
f. o. b. afloat prompt (nominal); No. 1 hard
Duluth, 80% c f. o. b. afloat prompt (nominal);
No. t red. 7SV4o elevator. Options— Opened
steady and for a good part of the session dis
played considerable firmness owing to good
southwest buying, strength in corn and pro
visions and local covering. With few excep
tions, the strength held all day and the mar
ket closed H3 3 a c net advance. March. 75 3-16®
75 7-lec. closed 76" c; May. 73 S-16@74Ha, closed
73% c; July, 73%®73%c. closed 73% c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
154j25 points net higher. Total eales, 76,500, in
cluding: January, $6 75; February, $6 60<S6 95;
March, $6 60@7 05; April, $7 10; May. $6 So@7 20;
June, $7; July, $6 90^7 23; August, $6 &5<S7; Sep
tember, $7©7 45; October. $7 105J7 50: November,
$7 10@7 70; December, $7 15@7 50. Spot coffee-
Rio very irregular and excited; prices largely
nominal. No. 7 invoice, "%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
SHe Mild— Cordova. Bfe^l2^4c
SUGAR— Firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5505 packages; steady.
June creamery, 24@2SVic; Western creamery,
20i?30c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6854 packages; firm. West
ern, 20c, loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
14Q1SC.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— There waa a small
Jobbing business reported for evaporated apples
and the market was firm on better country
advices and an absence of sellers.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
lQ6\c; prime, 6%57c; choice. 7%@Sc; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H®Bc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 12^15c; Moorpark. 15S18c
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20^ 22c; unpeeled, 7Vi'uloc.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Tin was very firm
with demand active following strong-cables and
advices from outside markets. Offerings were
at much higher prices, sellers entertaining most
arbitrary views. The other departments of the
local market were not materially changed.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants firmer.
TlN— Firmer, with 126 15 bid and J27 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $16 50.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 45 bid and $4 65
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 15 and for
copper $16 50.
Sez'cral advances in minor metals.
Bank of England reduced its rate of discount.
Silver a fraction lozver. ,
Wheat and other cereals dull and unchanged.
Hay and Bran skew more steadiness.
Seine changes in Feedstuff s.
Beans firmly held, but quiet.
Potatoes and Onions firm. Vegetables unchanged.
Eggs continue to decline. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry market working round into better shape.
Game weaker and quieter.
Orange auction to be established next week.
Provisions unchanged.
Enormous production of precious metals in 18pp.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Con tinned on Pa^ro 11.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 11.
Flour, qr sks 6.246 Onions sks 200
Wheat ctls 4,960 Bran. sks... l.«-9
gS-: 1 !::::::^
lsi^:S ssfeafeg is
itraw tons ." lOiPelts, bdls .70
Ho^rbiie,::::::: m\ Hide., mis i»
Potatoes, sks 1.360 Sugar, bbls 100
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,256 Oats, ctls 820
®4 S3.
ElLVm— Certificates, tSH@S9V4c; bar silver,
6S%ic; Mexican dollars, 4"i4c.
BONDS— Government, weak; State, Inactive;
railroad, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, }283,629,259; sold reserve,
$231,681,588. ;
J^ondon Market.
¦ NEW TORK. Jan. 11.— The Commercial Ad
! vertlwr's London financial cablegram says:
! Stocks were still stagnant here to-day, but
' the' tone was firm. The action of the Bank of
i England in reducing its minimum discount rate
I to 5 i-er cent and the sequel of the reduction
• of the French rate to 4 per cent, encouraged
| some Continental buying of Tlntos and Span
i lrh fours, but neither London nor Berlin ehow
i ed any revival of speculation.
j Americans were neglected, except for Balti-
I more and Ohio necuritles. which were bought
on the encouraging earnings statement.
Indian Currency Commission "ear-marked"
£100.000 more cold and £94,000 were engaged
for the Argentine republic. The bank bought
! £31.0u0 in eagles. The tendency in the open
I market was toward harder prices for gold be
cause of information that the Indian Council
I was obtaining a higher rate than usual for tel-
Foreign Futures.
I Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 87,000 83.000
Wheat, bushels C 9.000 140,000
Corn, bushels 357.C00 189.000
Oats, bushels 281.000 153,000
Rye, bushels 4.000 4.0C0
Barley, bushels 66,000 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creamery. 22(523c; dairy.
17&25 c. Cheese, firm; 12@12%c Eggs, weak;
fresh, 17c.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January M.
qtmr Albion. Winkel. 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Miarnt ReiUy. * day* tram Seat"*
ilmr "leS-i. Gunderson. 44 hours from Saa
P ?^Sr Gipsy. Leland. 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Lasuna. Ericsson. 72 hours from Saa
P fUmr San Pedro. Zaddart. 23 hours from Eu
wka? bound to San Pedro: put In to land pas
"^trn™* Point Arena. Hansea. 15 hours from
"irmr^C&rona. Debney. 69 hours from Saa
D Stm'r 'NoVth Fork. Bash. 25 hoars from Ea
"b?" stmr Moana. Carey, 22 days from Syd
ney via Honolulu < days 6 hours.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 11.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria:
Goodall Perkins & Co.
Br ship Metropolis, Richards. Queenstown ; D
Br ship Seafarer. Farmer. Hull; Horst Bros.
SAILED.
Thursday, January VL
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr UmatiJla. Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend. _^
Stmr Greenwood. Faiterlund. .
Stmr Whlteaboro. Olsen. Greenwood.
Stmr Coo* Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus. Manila.
Ger ship Marie Heckfeld, Wuhrmann, Queeos-
Whlllng bark Gayhead. Foley. whaling.
V.ktn Katie Flick! nser. Soderman. Port Had
lock.
Schr Orient. Sanders, WHlapa Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 11. 10 d m— Weather
haxy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Czartna.
hence Jan 7; ctmr Al-Kl, from Dyea; schr Mil
dred, from Redondo, sighted Jan 7 schr Ber
wick 200 miles off Coos Hay, bound from Sula-
Jaw River for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
uay. Jan 10^ — Schr A M Baxter, for San Fran
cisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Jan 10— Bark Oakland,
hence Jan 4.
COO 9 BAT— Arrived Jan U— Stmr Arcata,
hence Jan S. .
Barbound Jan 11— Stmr Emoire.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRTVB.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 64i»i 64% U% 64H
May C7 T 4 e«i 67ft 68
July i&u, 68% esii 6Stf
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 80% 20% 50% 80%
May 83>4 83% 33 33%
July 84 84 33% 34
Oats No. 2—
January tt\L 22>4 2?>>i 22%
May 24 24V4 23?4 24
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 10 62% 10 65 10 60 10 65
May 10 87% 10 97% 10 87% 10 95
Lard. l>er 100 lbs —
January S 87«4
May 5 95 6 05 6 95 6 02V4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January S 70
May 575 6 824 575 680
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, MViffCGVjc; No. 2
Red, G6ViS67V4c: No. 2 Corn, 3U4c; No. 2 Oats.
22 T *<f?23'ic: No. 2 White. 23HS25Vic: No. 3
White. 24»i<525Hc: No. 2 Rye. 5m«?52%c; No. 2
Barley. 88@44ttc; No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 4901 50;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 50; Mess Pork, per
bbl.» $9 32V4<510C2%; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5 75(3
5 90; Short-rib Sides (loose). $5 Co@s 81; Dry
Salted Shoulders (boxed). 5W$5Kc; Short Clear
Kluog (boxed), $SSO@3SS; Whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gal, baisis high wines,
$1 22%.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Steamer Movements
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The gross yield for 1539, shown above, ¦ckTOated. Is approximately as follows:
SftiJL ...W 7-100 38.8C4.498
?/'„" 29 11-100 59.244.994
T^o^ 7 61-100 15.302,248
Total W03.M1.907
egraph transfers, indicating that th« demand
for gold In India may lead to exports of specie
thither.
Money was still cheap at 2®2% per cent, but
call bills In t^e afternoon were rather harder
on the gold exports, and a further decline in
exchange. Foreign exchange rates were as fol
lows: Paris. 25.28; Berlin,- 20.49%. Discount
deposit houses have reduced deposit rates from
one to three per cent, calls 3%.
The Bank of Bengal raised its minimum dis
count rate from 7 to 8 per cent.
CLOSING
LONDON. Jan. 11.— Canadian Pacific. 94«4:
Union Pacific preferred, 75%; Northern Pacific
preferred. 75%; Atchlson, 19* i; Grand Trunk,
16%; Anaconda, S. Bar silver, steady, 27d per
ounce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
fe* AUCTION SALE *»
OF
WELL BROKEN HIGH CLASS ROADSTERS
AND TROTTERS.
(Sired by SILVER BOW (2:l© EASTER
WILKES ni,7OS) and Other Well
Known Sires.)
A Good Chance to Get a Green Trotter for th«
Season of 1900. ' '
The Property of OEO. FOX ESQ.. CLEiIENTg.
Also 25 head of BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES, weighing from 1100 to 1800. Well-
matched pairs of blacks, bays, browns, dappla
grays and grays.
To Be Sold on
TUESDAY JANUARY IS. 1300
At 11 A. M., at
SALESYARD, COR. VAN NESS AVB. ANT)
MARKET STREET (1732 Market Street).
Catalogues now ready. Horses at yard.
CHASE & MENDENUALL.
Successors to Killip & Co..
Livestock Auctioneer*,
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
PRODUCTION OF PRECIOUS METALS.
Remarkable Showing of the Year 1899 in the Production of
Gold and Sliver.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Express, has Issued the following
annual report of precious metals produced In the States and Territories west of the Missouri
River (Including British Columbia and Yukon Territory) during 1599, which shows In the
•¦SSregate: Gold, SSO.180.187; silver, $55,804.405; copper. 559,244,994; lead, $15,302,245; total gross
result 5203.G41.D07. The "commercial" value, at which the several metals named herein have
been estimated Is: Silver, 60 cents per ounce; copper, 16 cents per pound, and lead, ft 28 per
hundredwelcht.
New York Grain and Produce.
Tk . „»__.„ combined Droduct of the metals herein treated of is the greatest in the hls
torv of the co\intH^-United States of America and British Columbia anS Yukon Territory
that o '*old IMIJOm being above any previous record officially reported; and the world's
outt>ut of kola for $301.00), 000-ls amazing. Australasia Increased SIS.
000 000 the British Possessions of the Northwest $5,000,000 and the United States of America
MOOoV Th? rapidly increasing production of South Africa was arrested by the Boer war
about the first of October: to that time It showed an Increase over corresponding monthj
° f '"The n^uet 'of' Mexico in 1599 was: Gold. $56,701,000; silver, 5902.533.000; total, J359.039.000.
The coln^e of Mexico in lsVwas 1715,882 in gold dollars and 120.154.U7 in sliver dollar*.
Notice to Mariners.
LA PLAYA LIGHT STATION.
Notice is hereby given that on or about
January 21. 19C0. the fixed white lens-lantern
light at this station on La Playa Point, west
erly side of the channel in San Diego Bay,
will be moved about SSO feet to the south
ward and eastward of its present position and
established 28 feet above mean high water ca
top of the storehouse on the outer end ot th«
quarantine wharf.
Bearings of prominent objects from th« pro
posed position of the light, as taken from
chart No. 5106 of tha United States Coast and
Geodetio Survey, are: Beacon No. 6 light. NH.
%E. ; Coronado Hotel tower, E. by S., south
erly; Ballast Point Lighthouse. 3. by E. \ E.
The structure from which the light is now
shown will be left standing as a day mark.
On the same date there will be established
on the end of tne quarantine wharf a bell to
be struck by machinery during thick or foggy
weather, a single blow every three seconds.
Bearings are magnetic and given approx-
This^notlco affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1539." page 10. No.
4, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys. P*
dflo Ccast, U98," page 12,
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
7 FRANCI3 J. HIGOIXSON.
Rear Admiral, U. 8. N.. Chairman.
Time Ball.
Brnnrh Hydrosrraphlc Of flee, U. 8 N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franctsco. Cal..
January li, I 9***
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldinr was dropped at exactly noon to-day-^
t c at noon of the UOth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. a.. Greenwich tirne^
Lieutenant Commander, V. S. N.. in charge.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Bt»rey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front iMlssion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height Of tide Is the same at both places.
Bank of England Rate.
The Back cf mgltra rate of discount, which
has been < per cent since December 1. was
yeeterfay reduced to 6 per cent, showing easier
Cnanclai conditions In England.
Weather Retort.
O2oti Meridian— Pacific r.a«)
BAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 11. 6 p. in.
The CoOovtßC are the seasonal rainfalls to
tcte as coirpured with those of same date last
season and recalls In last 24 hours:
l»i.-t This Last
{station*— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0-2« *>.S2 ".M
R«^l Bluff C'.OO 14.66 11.10
Sacramento 0.00 IS. II 6.63
Ban Francisco 0.00 14.08 6.95
Fresno 0.00 6.10 3.56
Independence 0.00 2.0S 1.14
Baa Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.41 6.C9
U>« Ar-gelcs 0.00 4.17 2.5.
Stn Dieto O.uO S6O 8.11
vtma 0.00 0.68 1.23
Eiin Francisco data— Mai-lmum temperature,
it; minimum. 45; mean, £.2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Aa area of low pressure has moved south
ward through Athabasca and Alberta Into As
linibolne and Montana. It la moving rapidly
southward and has already caused snow In
Wyoming, Idaho and Utah.
This is a somewhat unusual couree for a
storm and the twelve-hour pressure changes
lrdicate a tendency to recurve to the west- j
ward.
lialn has fallen over Northern California,
Oregun and Washington.
The temperature has risen about 16 degrees
oa the eastern Elope of the Sierras.
The following maximum wind velocities a«ft.
reported: Portland. 22 miles per hour, from
the south: Pocatello. 30 miles, from the south;
Kahspel, 30 miles, from the couth.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending lEldr.ight. January 12, ISOO.
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
rain in the central and northern portion; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday, northerly,
changing to westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, probably rain In
northwestern portion.
Utah— Light snow Friday.
Arizona — Cloudy Friday In northern portion;
fair In southern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
probably showers: fresh southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
WOOL
8
1 ill !! M
BTATES AND TERRITORIES. S^c 52-« «Z, --?
S»S. S ° " -3 ~° ~*
: 3 «na , 3£ :a «
:*§ : §=•§ \ B= :F g
:••:& :7"<a. .3 :><;»
California .... $13,796,433 $1,595,000 $315,304 $3,246,315
Nevada . 1,391.743 902.C00 600.672 14.4 i«
Oregon "*"** SOO.fclO " 880.000 73,423 3,560
Washington 215,840 145,000 175,200 73,125
Alaska .. '"" 4,M5,646 195.200
Idaho 2.493.210 4.235.U0 6.006.500
Montana ',"'. 5.167.600 8,725.000 36.802.500
Utah 2,233.532 1.341,873 122.775 5.950,500
Colorado !!!"!."!.".! 26,34«.05-J 13.J44.596 3.455.267
New \lexco •• 23».8H 414.716 100.262 1.r.»3,054
Arizona 1.874,£51 1.000,600 739.113 16.0^,148
Dakota " 6,750,000 250.723 46,000
Texas '" .""••••• 3 -^ a* o ' 2oo ••••
Wyoming 8 - 9&J 200.000 23.C00 85.1 M
Brl^' c^ i^!r; '.™L Y"T.J?"!:Y "T. J?"!: &£w. 4,210,000 2 ,o: 0 ,ooo
Totals ', \ J73.974.721 $11,215,44« J33.205.015 J50.145,725
• Totals.
$18,953,117
2.K0.415
1,85i>,593
609. 185
4.740.84S
12.73 C.3%
60.635,003
13.654.<&2
43.150.813
2.317.CC3
:0.3G::.42l
7.048.720
255.300
317,678
23.862.941
$203.841.507
3 Time Time Time iime|
P ] Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
» LW HW LW HW
J ... 1:07 t.l 8:22 6.1 J:J« — 0.7 10:» 4.4
t ... 1:04 t.l »ai (-1 4:20-4.8 U:2l 4.1
ii ... 8:5« 8.0 10:00 6.0 4:59—0.8
5 . 0:C0 4.1 4:43 8.0 10:45 6.9 s:Js'.— O.t
6 ... 0:37 4.9 5:29 2.9 11:28 6.8 »:07'— 0.3
7 ... 1:10 6.0 «:1J 2.8 12:11 6.4 «:S7 0.9
'.$ ... 1:43 6.0 6:57 1.6 12:64 6.0 7:044 0-«
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Steamer.
From
Queen ..Victoria & Pujet Sound Jan. 11
Pomona Humboldt. ~ Jan. U
Matteawan Tacoma - Jan. U
A Blanchard... Coos Bay —- Jan. IS
Empire Coo« Bay Jan. «
Aloha Crescent City —. Jan. 1*
Samoa Humboldt — Jan. 14
Arcata Cooa Bay Jan. 14
Bonlta Newport. «. Jan. U
Columbia Portland.... Jan. IS
China China and Japan........ Jan. 1$
Volumnla Hamburg Jan. IS
E Thompson... Seattle ¦¦ Jan. W
Bristol Departure Bay Jan. IS
Banta Roml 3an Dte«-0... Jan. 15
South Portland. Departure Bay... Jan. 1J
Mackinaw Seattle...- Jan. 19
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pu»et Sound Jan. 1?
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Newburs Grays Harbor Jan. U
Point Aretia..... Point Axroa,.- Jan. 13
Crescent City... Crescent City — Jan. 13
Corona San Diego ~. Jan. 19
North Fork Humboldt — Jan. 1»
Coqulll* Rl»«r.. Grays Harbor... _ Jan. »
State of Cal Portland Jan. »
Steamer. I Destination. I Bails. I Fler.
O Dollar... Orays Harbor Jan. IX I pin L..._
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier Z*
Corona .777. San Diego Jan. 13. 11 am Pier U
Homer Oregon Ports. Jan. 13. 10 am Pier »
Pt. Arena.. Paint Arena.. Jan. 13, 2pm Pl«r 3
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay Jan. IS. Ipm Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14. 9am Pl»r 2
C Nelson... Puget Sound.. Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 1
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 14. Jpm Pl«r »
KantTcrus Ban Pedro Jan. 15. »am Pier H
Hon£ l££ China A Japan Jan. IJ. Ipm PMS3
A°oha T77W. Crescent City. Jan. 19. I pmlgler 3
ou«en Vie & Pgt Sd. J&n. 18. lOamiPler 9
Ar«°a".': Coos Bay Jan. U. 10 amjPler U
sSSVoia. San Dlepo Jan. 17. 11am Pier U
qimoi Humboldt Jan. 17. 10 am Pier U
Sommbta".: Portland Jan. U. » » ;«««
Newport ... Panama. Jan. 13. U m.PM33
srdßs rd Ba n y.:: 5g^:::".:&:ft Vamfeu
3 Time Time Time iime|
P ] Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
» LW HW LW HW
J ... 1:07 t.l 8:22 6.1 J:J« — 0.7 10:» 4.4
t ... 1:04 t.l »ai (-1 4:20-4.8 U:2l 4.1
ii ... 8:5« 8.0 10:00 6.0 4:59—0.8
5 . 0:C0 4.1 4:43 8.0 10:45 6.9 s:Js'.— O.t
6 ... 0:37 4.9 5:29 2.9 11:28 6.8 »:07'— 0.3
7 ... 1:10 6.0 «:1J 2.8 12:11 6.4 «:S7 0.9
'.$ ... 1:43 6.0 6:57 1.6 12:64 6.0 7:044 0-«
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Steamer.
From
Queen ..Victoria & Pujet Sound Jan. 11
Pomona Humboldt. ~ Jan. U
Matteawan Tacoma - Jan. U
A Blanchard... Coos Bay —- Jan. IS
Empire Coo« Bay Jan. «
Aloha Crescent City —. Jan. 1*
Samoa Humboldt — Jan. 14
Arcata Cooa Bay Jan. 14
Bonlta Newport. «. Jan. U
Columbia Portland.... Jan. IS
China China and Japan........ Jan. 1$
Volumnla Hamburg Jan. IS
E Thompson... Seattle ¦¦ Jan. W
Bristol Departure Bay Jan. IS
Banta Roml 3an Dte«-0... Jan. 15
South Portland. Departure Bay... Jan. 1J
Mackinaw Seattle...- Jan. 19
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pu»et Sound Jan. 1?
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Newburs Grays Harbor Jan. U
Point Aretia..... Point Axroa,.- Jan. 13
Crescent City... Crescent City — Jan. 13
Corona San Diego ~. Jan. 19
North Fork Humboldt — Jan. 1»
Coqulll* Rl»«r.. Grays Harbor... _ Jan. »
State of Cal Portland Jan. »
Steamer. I Destination. I Bails. I Fler.
O Dollar... Orays Harbor Jan. IX I pin L..._
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier Z*
Corona .777. San Diego Jan. 13. 11 am Pier U
Homer Oregon Ports. Jan. 13. 10 am Pier »
Pt. Arena.. Paint Arena.. Jan. 13, 2pm Pl«r 3
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay Jan. IS. Ipm Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14. 9am Pl»r 2
C Nelson... Puget Sound.. Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 1
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 14. Jpm Pl«r »
KantTcrus Ban Pedro Jan. 15. »am Pier H
Hon£ l££ China A Japan Jan. IJ. Ipm PMS3
A°oha T77W. Crescent City. Jan. 19. I pmlgler 3
ou«en Vie & Pgt Sd. J&n. 18. lOamiPler 9
Ar«°a".': Coos Bay Jan. U. 10 amjPler U
sSSVoia. San Dlepo Jan. 17. 11am Pier U
qimoi Humboldt Jan. 17. 10 am Pier U
Sommbta".: Portland Jan. U. » » ;«««
Newport ... Panama. Jan. 13. U m.PM33
srdßs rd Ba n y.:: 5g^:::".:&:ft Vamfeu
1 ill !! M
BTATES AND TERRITORIES. S^c 52-« «Z, --?
S»S. S ° " -3 ~° ~*
: 3 «na , 3£ :a «
:*§ : §=•§ \ B= :F g
:••:& :7"<a. .3 :><;»
California .... $13,796,433 $1,595,000 $315,304 $3,246,315
Nevada . 1,391.743 902.C00 600.672 14.4 i«
Oregon "*"** SOO.fclO " 880.000 73,423 3,560
Washington 215,840 145,000 175,200 73,125
Alaska .. '"" 4,M5,646 195.200
Idaho 2.493.210 4.235.U0 6.006.500
Montana ',"'. 5.167.600 8,725.000 36.802.500
Utah 2,233.532 1.341,873 122.775 5.950,500
Colorado !!!"!."!.".! 26,34«.05-J 13.J44.596 3.455.267
New \lexco •• 23».8H 414.716 100.262 1.r.»3,054
Arizona 1.874,£51 1.000,600 739.113 16.0^,148
Dakota " 6,750,000 250.723 46,000
Texas '" .""••••• 3 -^ a* o ' 2oo ••••
Wyoming 8 - 9&J 200.000 23.C00 85.1 M
Brl^' c^ i^!r; '.™L Y"T.J?"!:Y "T. J?"!: &£w. 4,210,000 2 ,o: 0 ,ooo
Totals ', \ J73.974.721 $11,215,44« J33.205.015 J50.145,725
• Totals.
$18,953,117
2.K0.415
1,85i>,593
609. 185
4.740.84S
12.73 C.3%
60.635,003
13.654.<&2
43.150.813
2.317.CC3
:0.3G::.42l
7.048.720
255.300
317,678
23.862.941
$203.841.507A good railway engine will travel about
1,000,000 miles before it wears out.
STANFORD'S NEW OFFICERS.
Members of the Popular Native Sons'
Parlor at an Installation Banquet.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of
the Golden West, at a meeting held "Wed
nesday night, were installed for the cur^
rent term by District Deputy Grand Presi
dent Henry F. Pernau, assisted by W. D.
Hobro Jr. as grand marshal and John W.
Lewis as grand secretary. The new of
ficers are: W. A. Deane, past president;
William A. Dick, president; William F.
Humphrey, W. D. Hynes and W. S.
Kucker, vice presidents; Fred H. Jung
recording and Joseph G. Cox flnuancial
Oakland Bank Changes.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— At the annual se-
Itction of officers of the Central Bank.
H. M. Barry was selected as assistant
cashier to tnke the place of J. W. Hav
ens. The Union National iiank Ptock
liolderp have selected A. A. More to suc
ceed J. West Martin, deceased, as a. di
rector.
Death of Dr. Luz.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— Dr. Antone Mar
tin Lun. the well-known Portugese phy-
Firian. dlrd thf* morning at his rcsid«"nc<\
KT4 Twelfth »>trret. after a lingering 111
uarjC H«* wn? 40 years of age and was a
prominent peraonaKe among his country
men fr.r -many year?.
Th<- funeral will »>*• h'ld Saturday morn
ing from fit. Joseph's Church, where a
*o!cmn rrqwicm high itkiks will be cele
brated. Jntcrmcnt will be in St. Mary's
CVmotery. The deceased left a. widow
nnd (fix children— Manuel, Madle, Fred
erick. Lydia. William and I^na Luz.
Lectures About Animals.
The lady members of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals met
yesterday, and the president, Mrs. C. B.
Holbrook, reported that the Bands of
Mercy work was progressing favorably.
In addition to educating the younger ele
ment of society to be kind and merciful
to dumb boasts it was decided to give
Fome of the older element a few lessons
along the Fame lines. Arrangements will
consequently be made In the near future
to hold adult meetings in the parlors of
the Occidental Hotel, to be addressed by
prominent KcJentistit and university pro
fessors. ¦ ¦-'¦- -t ¦•¦¦¦¦
secretary; Frank H. Eckenroth, treas
urer; S. O. Stanyan, marshal; J. J. Ler
man, W. F. Murphy and J. Greenberg,
trustees; J. D. Dougherty inside and Wil
liam McGonigle outside sentinel; Drs. L.
D. Bacigalupi. E. R. Bryant. Charles
Clark. Washington Dodge, A. H. Glan
nlhi, Alfred McLaughlin, F. B. Sutherland
and J. M. Williamson, surgeons. .
After the ceremony, which was private,
wjis at an end, the membership and a
number of Invited guests marched td a
prominent grillroom on Stockton street,
where an excellent supper awaited them.
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan acted as toast
master and was at his best, keeping the
Native Sons In a' roar by the witty man
ner of introducing those who had been
selected to entertain and to respond to
toasts. J. D. Dougherty sang a tenor
solo; Daniel O'Callaghan sang comic
songs; J. J. Lerman favored with a basso
solo; Dr. W. H. Sieberst sang and
whistled, and A. Roncovieri gave a trom
bone solo. 11. F. Pernau spoke to "Our
Order;" Grand Secretary Lundstedt to
"The Ladies," who were consplcous by
their absence; John J. McCarthy, past
president, to "The Old Guard," after
which he presented a jewel to D. A. Cur
tin, the retiring past president, and other
toasts were responded to by Maxwell Mc-
Nutt, Jay T. Nash and J. D. Brown.
During the evening there was a surprise
for William F. Humphrey, the first vice
president. ; A female figure, with features
concealed with a heavy veil and wrapped
In a long cloak, entered the dining-room
and Insisted upon seeing the first vice,
and when he expostulated and declared
that it was not the time and place for a
lady to call on him, the figure removed
her wrap's and veil and appeared as a
ballet dancer In full costume and enter
tained with a pas seul.
DEATH CLAIMS
SUNOL PIONEER
OF PROMINENCE
Charles Duerr Is No
More.
PLEASANTON. Jan. 11.— Charles Duerr.
on© of the oldest pioneers In this part of
the State, died last night at his residence
near Sunol. He was 76 year 3 of age and
lived in California since ISSO.
Deceased was one of the few men wh.-»
acquired a large fortune at the commence
ment-of his career here and retained it
up to the time of his death. He came tr»
the United States from the grand duchy
of Baden in 1345 and located in Newark.
N. J. When gold was discovered in Cali
fornia In IS4O young Duerr started over
land for San Francisco, and arrived there
the following year. He remained in San
Francisco until 3502. when he went to Ore
gon with L. Nusnaumer. father of Juds'j
Emil Nusbaumer and County Surveyor
George Nusbaumer of Sunol. They re
turned with a drove of cattle anil em
barked In the stock business on T>-y
Creek, Washington Township. In IW2
they purchased Rancho el Valle do San
Jose, and by subsequent additions in
creased their holdings to lioo acres.
In addition to ranching en an extensive
scale, deceased had been prominently
identified with local politics and has h^l'l
a number of offices. At the tim*» of h!3
death he was possessed of about XQOQ acr>--<*
of the choicest land In this vicinity. wh.i<-h
will be divided among a widow and sev
eral children. The funeral will take place
Saturday afternoon.
WILLIAM J. BRYSON rither has the stnmnch of
an ostrich or is blessed with a superabundance
of what the superstitious term "good luck." He
ate a few- days -ago a score of biscuits "like
mother used to build," and, although they were acciden
tally flavored with a powerful liquid used for gargling
the loading lady's throat, he lives to tell the story and
consume more of the same. V'.;--7
Bryson is a member of the Elinore Sisters company,
which is now entertaining audiences at the Orpheum with
a laughable skit entitled "Dangerous Mrs. Dclaney." He
is playing a thinking and eating part, and has scored a
hit in both lines. His appetite for the provokers of in
digestion Is a marvel to his beholders. Dyspeptic bene
dicts gaze with awe ns he rapidly swallows the biscuits,
and lament the fact that they cannot please their wives
by eating the leaden fac similes displayed temptingly on
their breakfast tables.
Wednesday afternoon last Bryson nearly succumbed.
His fortitude under the conditions entitles him to ( be
classed as a stoic. The biscuits at the matinee had a
peculiar taste to him and. In a whisper aside, he asked
"Mrs. Delaney" whether they were properly "doped" with
Clever Trickster Sentenced.
BERKELEY. Jan. 11.— Adam Flicksteln,
nho was arraigned before JusJgtt Eigar
Examinations Commence.
BERKELEY. Jan. 11.— Deficiency exam
inations for entrance conditions and term
work failures were conducted at the uni
versity to-day.
get /fext Sunday's Call.
Where He Missed It.
"Major," said the rural campaigner, "I
called round for my campaign expenses."
"But," replied the major," I was de
feated."
"Can't help that, major, I voted for you
twelve times." .
"That's just where you showed short-
Rlghtedness,' sir. Had you voted one more
time I would have been elected, ilr, by
one majority!"
THE SUNDAY CALL'S MAGAZINE SECTION IS NOW THE RECOGNIZED
STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE IN AMERICA.
Medical Society Officers.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.— The Alamrda
County Medical Society held its annual
election of officers Wednesday evening
tindn Hflected a new set of officials an fol
lows: President. Dr. Joseph Milton; vice
prefldrnt Dr. H. N. Rowell of Berkeley;
f-r-cr« t.-iry. Dr. Myra. Knox, and treasurer.
L>r. Carl" Krone.
PACIFIC LODGE INSTALLS.
Last Tuesday night about two hundred
members of the Masonic fraternity assem
bled In the hall of Pacific Lodge, Free and
Accepted Masons, in tho B'nal B'rlth build
ing, for the purpose of witnessing the In
stallation of the officers for the current
Masonic year. The new officers are:
Charles Jellinek. worshipful master; Sol
Bloom, senior warden; Robert A. Madden
Junior warden; J. F. Kennedy, treasurer;
George Penlington, secretary; R. A. Greer
senior deacon: S. J. YVough. Junior dfa
oon;,H. R. Hathaway, marshal; W. H.
Odgers and J. Ross, stewards; L. J. Nev
ers, tyler. After the ceremonials were at
an end, W. 11. Edwards, on behalf of the
lodge, presented to W. E. Lutz. the retir
ing master, a handsome jewel of the
rank of past master. This was followed
by an additional presentation to the re
tiring master of a case of silver table
ware. P. D. Code making an eloquent
presentation speech. The new officers
lodge members and invited guests then
proceeded to the main hall, where there
was an excellent supper awaiting them.
P. D. Code presided as toast master, and
after the menu's choicest bits had dis
appeared. J. F. Fleming favored with a
vocal solo, Charles L. Patton, grand mas
ter, responded to "The Grand Lodge of
California," J. R. Ogllvie rendered choice
vocal selections, Lucius Solomon re
sponded to "Our Sister Lodges," Ben
jamin L. Stitch sang ballads, Wallace A.
Wise spoke to "Masonry," W. E. Lutz re
sponded to "Pacific Lodge" and there
were other vocal numbers and responses
to toasts. /
THE COMPLETE STORY OF MY LIFE.
By LUCKY BALDWIN.
WHAT TO DO WHEN YOUR BEST GIRL SAYS YES.
By R. K. MUNKITTRICK.
THE REMARKABLE STORY OF LILLIE YOUNG.
SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
GIRLS WHO POSE FOR THE ARTISTS.
WHAT IT. COSTS AN ACTRESS TO DRESS.
THE RESCUE OF CHEO.
THE PRESERVATION OF OUR FORESTS.
A CRITICAL REVIEW OF THE LATEST BOOKS
By PROF. H. B. LATHROP of Stanford University.
DRAMATIC FEATURES, FASHIONS, ETC
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W O Clouch. Vlfalla IN Elam. Australia
O B ChrlKtian & w,.J E Hall. Perth
Montana iJ Kd wards. Perth
F. J Ecftrom & w, |O Birmingham. A Z
Chester, lowt 1 1> Morpeth, Auckland
Mr* C O Ifanoen. PaciH 3onn9, Sydney
A B Pod^to & vi. (,'al.T Lyons Auckland
H E Flney. Australia !M Boyle, Auckland
J E Kunst. Adelaide |a Davey, Auckland
PT Spillane, Australia!!} W Cade S Jose
PA LACK HOTEL
B M Sain»taE. N York S Ptronp, Cripple Creek
0 X I^awrence, Knns H Wlckes, Victoria
J P f llvcrman, N V S C Thompson, Ark
C U HclilntPr & w. OrjMr &- Mrs Henshaw.
I> B Keating. R I ¦ London
C W Purtnffton. lloFtoiiiOapt S Edwards Ixind
H T ';a(c». Pacto S Clement«on & w,
J L liran<lls, Omaha i Boston
If H Isran4!s. Omaha jM A Oaspy, Bogton
M A Brummer, N V IHT Colle, I»ndon
1 V. J/pvl, New Vorlt 'A A BrodJilak. Sydney
S M Mar?, I'ortiand iB r Barker, Livermore
J B Caney. Minn ill W Kulwlder. N V
A E Botyford. Dululh !J McOovprn. IJutte
C V Kr»»rhner, X V JW-TI Devereaux Colo
A B ButW. Cal B M Woods, New York
W Q V>nri &w, L A D Wright, Denver
Mlfs If Wnrl. Liob AnK ! C Wright, Denver
Ur.K T Wlnch«-Bt»r.Calinr J II Payne, U S N
H VbII Jr. S -Barbara ,J X Carnon, Boston
J R Hitchcork, L Ang jW W Chaoin -Cal
J Hicks &w, Oiio . OP Berckmaus, N V
W M WorcKtrr. NY I! E O'Brien, Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
B H 11-JbuH Chlco JH X Stahl. San Jo»«
V Camubell. -Li /\ng W Searles. Qonzales
J C Barr. Kort Jones \\ r \V Uernard &. w
F Coombs. Mont Tuenon
J M Winw. Boston |Mrs J o Byrne Ariz
E J Brown. Boston A G neynolds' & w
J O Heed. Los Alamos] Denver
H YV Kdwards. Keswk C n Iloblnson. Bydner
\V 12 Burßets, ChlcacojJ F McDermott. Bydny
O L Ilutchln. Portland. C Duncan, rhlcaeo
t G McKnlght. Hastnn C E Day. Facramento
Mm W l:*vl«. Cal !j A Hunter. New York
M Wallace. Portland \V U Molne. St. Obleuo
C L Walter. Freeno Mm C Francis. Salinas
X C Southworth. Cal ,<J J Owen*. BakerMlcl
X lshln. Japan \V J McGrath. Watsnv
F H Connolly. Cal Ur« W XV Worthing
B C Marcu*. Watsonvl j Stockton •.
E £. Van Cltrech & w, |A Johnson, Coqullle
Fanta Cruz 1L n Pornin* & w
O V Dltzler, Dlcss 1 Falrbun?
F M Leland & w. Alnrn Mlfh Dornlnr, Fairbr*
8 KrivKcau. Bl**rra Val ti Campbell. La
J S Herman. Fresno C Fallars. Lodl
L G Urigfis. Portland S Hubbs. Bowlder Cr
W S Kldd. New York .1 TJ Ketter. Chicago
ir RunjlnofT. Stockton J W Itowen. L An*
O \V Harney. MarysvlliO.T Wells. Colo
A, C Fraser. Calgary jE I 1I 1 Lasell. Crockett
JANUARY 14. 1900.
No Clew to His Identity
ALAMHDA. Jan. 11.— The body of a mm
w;<s found In the bay this morning n^ar
ih.' Ray Farm Inland bridge. It had b- on
in tho water throe or four works. The
only clow to tho dead man* idontity in
irn» Initials "F". J. H." on the phirt bosom.
1 r.^.fl was apparently mlddlo-atro.l,
plainly tir^fpod in a dark f=uit, with white
Milrt and l.lnck lace phors. Two front
tft-tl) in Tho upic'r jaw to tho right of the
(«nt<r ar« pold-filled and two to the lr-ft
of the ocnior sre out. A cheap watch, a
keyttag with fcvrral koyt«. a buttonhook
nn*<l two Fk'k'ton keys, a bone-handled
pocket knife, a ppoctacle case and a 50
<»nt pleoe woro found in the pockets. An
Snque?t will br bold to-morrow.
Timber lands In the Northwest have
doubled and trebled In price the last «ea-
son and ere still advancing, with sates
amounting to millions of dollars mont My.
Fruit and Flower Mission.
The twentieth annual meeting of the
Ran Francisco Fruit and Flower Mission
was hold at the Home, 031 Sutter street.
Wednesday afternoon and the following
officers wrro electrd for the ensuing year:
Mlfs Miriam K. Wallis, president; Mrs.
<«eorge 11. . Buckingham and Miss Anne
Bryce, vice presidents: Mrs. Paul Runker,
recording secretary: Miss Corinnc Cook,
corresponding pecretary; Miss Hannah L.
Leszynjifcy, treasurer; Mrs. L*«on D
Stone. Miss Irwin Well, Mips Rffle John
son. Miss Ida B. Fisher and Miss Helen
•jibbs directors.
LAST DAYS
OF FOUGERE
I have not heard many opinions ex
pressed of Fougere, but judging from the
determined applause she incites at the
Orpheum It would appear that she has
caught on. She should. Whatever may
be said of her frank Frenchness, whatever
may be said of her voice, she is still the
brightest star on the bill and she. Is to
take her leavo after the present week.
No one quite as artistic has Visited us in
a long time. In her own way, Fougere Is
one of tho big people of stageland and
should be experienced by every one who
makes it a business to go and take the
children to see the best artists of the en
tertainment world.
Fougere is tho best we are likely to see
In the chanteuse line for a long time,
though perhaps, on second thought, It
might be wiser for the persons who make
a practice of seeing the best of everything
to leave the children at home In this case.
Fougere Is not edifying to youth, but she
is all I have said she is and a good deal
moro It Is quite Impossible to say. How
ever amiable one may be to Americans,
Foucere does things that Americans do,
but does them in so different a way that
wo simply have to acknowledge her orig
inality. She does things also that Ameri
cans cannot do and perhaps a few things
that they would not care to, but what
ever she does, there is always In It the
fascinating personal quality that wins
every time.
I might say a few more things of this
exceedingly clever person, for she Is a
•jmptlng subject, but there are others at
the Orpneum deserving of attention, and
I have given this much time and space to
her because there are only a few remain
ing opportunities in which to see her, and
1 may persuade some one that it is worth
while.
One word more. This week Fougere Is
sinking "I'll Leave My Happy Home for
You," which last week was Dorothy
Drew's best bit, and the difference in her
conception— a decidedly French concep
tion—is peculiarly interesting.
Dorothy Drew, who. by the way. Is so
different in appearance this week as to
be hardly recognizable, sings and dances
with characteristic cleverness and Is as
popular as she can possibly desire to be.
John Thorn Is several degrees more amus
ing than he was on his first appearance,
which is saying a good deal. I am giving
the newcomers second place, but some of
them are too good to be neglected. Tho
Elinore Sisters appear in a Fklt which
gives the cleverer one a great opportunity
to do some very original grotesque work.
She Isln appearance, voice and manner
us broadly humorous as any one that has
been here In years, and certainly more bo
than any other of her sex. Frank La
tona does a varied turn as a musical
tramp and creates a very great stir In
deed by playing "The Holy -City" a3
loudly as possible on a slide trombone.
• PORTER GARNETT.
TO LECTURE ON ASTRONOMY
Professors From Lick Observatory to
Talk to University Students.
BERKELEY. Jan. 11.— A recent Jnnova- !
tion Introduced by the faculty of the unl- !
venrtty is= a course of lectures calculated
to put the Btudenta in touch with the
latent researches in astronomy.
. The Etudrr.tp, &lnr.p with the rest of the i
public, have known that very important \
results werf bflng achieved by the unl
v<rFity'e aMronomiral department at the
"lAcli Observatory, but have profited vorv
rrmotrly by their connection with the in
ftltution under who<*p direction the distln
pulfhrd Investigators on Mount Hamilton '
nro at work. During lhe coming term !
tbr-ttp peirritists will be brought to Berke- !
Ipy and will lecture on the result* of their
rcrrrit dincovrrios. Among th»> lecturers
¦will he Dirr-ctcr Jamm It. Kf-eler. W. W. i
Campbell; R. H. Tucker. \v. j. Huiwcjr
fand Alex McAdie.
Dredger Has Been Sold.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— Johnson & Peter-
Eon. the contractors, for the dredging of
Lake Merritt. have sold their dredger to
the Bowers Company. The transfer will
take place- as soon as the present work
is complctfd. The new owners will do
work at Storkton and Alviso with It.
Riparian Bights Involved.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.— The Spring Valley
Water Company and Washington and
Murray Township Water Company to-day
filed answer to the suit brought by Mrs.
Jane R. Clough Involving riparian rights
in Alameda Creek. Mrs. Clough charged
that the waters of the creek are being di
verted by the Spring Valley Water Com
pany; also that the Washington and Mur
ray Township Water Company is being
used by the first named corporation to
carry out Its purpose in so doing. De
fendants' answer is In the way of a gen
eral denial, and they ask that neither
plaintiff nor the Washington and Murray
Township Company take anything by the
action.
An Estate in Good Stocks.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— C. A, Klose. G. A.
Willard and George Jensen filed an ap
praisement to-day of the estate of Cecelia
A. Higgins, deceased, showing a total val
uation of $85,293. The estate consists
chiefly pi electric light, sugar, water and
insurance stock and interests in various
vessels.
Macdonough Theater Attraction.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— "A Hot Old Time"
will be given at the Macdonough Thea
ter on to-morrow and Saturday evenings.
The play is a strong farce comedy and
Is presented by an able company, ft will
include opera, comedy, burlesque and
vaudeville.
YOUNG AKERLY NOW
CLAIMS HIS LEGACY
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— Graham Akerly
has finally concluded to return to th«
scenes of his boyhood and draw down
$397 55 on deposit with the county treas
ury as his share of the estate of h's
mother, the late Catherine M. Akerly.
Judge Hall to-day issued an order direct
ing the County Treasurer to pay Akerty
the money. Graham Akerly Is a son of
the late Rev. Benjamin Akerly. About the
time his mother died he left Oakland sud
denly, and when next he-^rd from he had
enlisted in the army. It was thereafter
supposed he was killed in the war in
Cuba. Some time ago, however, Akerly
was located in San Francisco, but refused
to return to Oakland to claim his legacy.
Since then he has changed his mind.
"DOC" FLYNN
WINS FROM
ROCHETTE
Outpoints Him in a Ten-
Round Boxing Bout Before
the Columbia Club.
Boxer "Doc" Flynn outpointed Charley
Rochette last night In their ten-round
bout in the arena of the Columbia Ath
letic Club. Rochette had the better of
the earlier rounds, but his blows had no
apparent effect on his opponent From
the seventh round on Flynn maintained a
decided lead. Rochette having a difficulty
in lasting until the end. For three
rounds they boxed at fairly long range,
neither sustaining much damage. In the
fourth round Flynn caught Rochette
unawares and landed a jab on the head,
which jarred him.
In the succeeding round the men fought
all over the ring. In a scrimmage both
fell through the ropes, but did not fall to
the floor.
It was give and take for two rounds,
Flynn dazing Rochette with right and left
swings to the head. The eighth round
was a three-cornered fight between the
boxers and Referee McGinley. Rochette
was all but out and hung on to avoid pun
ishment. Flynn seemed comparatively
fresh, but could not get at his man.
Rochette came back strong for the ninth
round, but Flynn was content to take mat
ters easy. In the next round he went to
work quickly and again had Rochette in
trouble. The latter held on and lasted
until the bell stopped hostilities. The ref
eree gave the decision to Flynn without
hesitation.
The programme was onra of the *best
ever arranged by a minor club, there be
ing hardly a dull moment from first to
last.
The first bout between J. Lundy nnd
Harry Trost ended In the fourth round,
the former going out from sheer exhaus
tion, The boys fought as though their
lives depended on their efforts. They
were so game and tried so hard that the
crowd applauded as they would at a
championship fight. L.undy had the better
of the first round until he was knocked
down once, which changed the appearance
of things. In the second round Lundy
landed at will, but could not stop his
game opponent. Trost came back in the
next round and put It all over Lundy, who
Feemed anxious to retire. This round was
one of the most exciting ever fought by
amateurs.
Kid Dodson and Edward Wiley boxed
eight fierce rounds, the latter winning on
points. He knocked Dodson down In the
third round when he stayed down eight
Feconds. He went down again In the
eighth round, J:>ut was up In a moment
It was give and take for every moment
of the fight with Wiley, forcing matters
There were times when each of the boxers
were on the verge of going out, but they
stayed to the end.
William Condon was the aggressor In his
bout with William Perry and was award
ed the, fight by Referee McGinley. In the
last three rounds he was vicious and
rushed his opponent frequently. Before
the fight ended both men were In trouble
and nearly fell out of the ring from ex
haustion.
Charles Jackson and Jack Sullivan can
give polntern to any "knockabout team"
on the vaudeville stage. They .knockfd
one another down a dozen times In the
first round and repeated the performance
In the second, when the referee stopped
it. At the time Sullivan was taking a ter
rible beating and could not hold up his
hands. Previously he had his opponent
nearly out. There were more knockdowns
in two rounds than the average ring fol
lower would see in a lifetime.
It was announced that the club would
give thrrc exhibitions a month hereafter
and that more suitable quarters would be
secured. Tho present ones are cramped,
and many patrons of boxing refuse to en
ter them owing to the lack of proper ex
its in case of panic.
Al Neill and "Jack O'Brien signed arti
cles last night for a second meeting. The
matter of selecting a referee went over
for ten days to allow. O'Brien an oppor
tunity of looking over the Hat of. avail
able men.
TWO STAKES
THE CARD AT
INGLESIDE
Young Dogs and Old Will Be
Seen on the Coursing
Two stakes will be run this week at
Ingleslde. The puppy stake of forty-eight
dogs will pay $50 for first, $35 to runner
up, $25 to third, next two $17 50 each, next
five $10 each, next ten" ss each.
Tho open stake of sixty-four dogs will
pay $100 to first, $65 to runner-up, next two
$35 each, next four $22 50 each, next eight
$15 each, next sixteen $7 60 each. The
draws resulted as follows;
Puppy stake— J. McNelll s CaDt. Byrnes vs.
George Boehm's Monogram; J. Lahusen's Fire
fly, vs. J. Martenet's Bernal Boy; I. H. Frank's
Glen Anne vs. Charles F. Brown's Busybody;
AY. H. Jones' St. Valentine vs. J. Moriarlty'a
Snapper Garrison; A. J. Kemp's Remember Me
vs. J. P. Thrift's Tar o' Hill; George Pinto' s
Mischief vs. YV. H. Jones' St. Iveu; W. H.
Jones' Annie Lawrence vs. J. Morlarlty's
Jlmmle Anthony: J. Martinet's Buxton vs. W.
Harry* Bella Mack; J. Dean's Peggy vs. J.
Dean's Glide; Joe Watklns' Merciful vs. J. P.
Thrift's Thoughtless Beauty; Joe Watklns'
Merciless vs. J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen;
Connell Bros.' Dunmore vs. Connell Bros.'
Green Isle; George Pinto' a Glad Hand vs. J.
Frederickson'n Miss Fireball; John Farley's
Patriot vs. E. Geary's Palo Alto; James F.
Flower's Keystone vs. F. Prints Thunderbolt;
YV. C. Glasson's Curiosity vs. W. C. Glasson's
Sleigh hells; George Buehn's Aloha vs. Connell
Bros." Good Bye; T. Fanning" s Royal CUtf vs.
J. P. Thrift's Tired Out; J. Martenet's Sally
Brass vs. Connell Bros.' Clover; J. Holloway's
Brian Borue vs. F. Patterson's Fire Queen.
Open stake— Bartfls Bros.' Border's Best vs.
J. Toland's Pleasant Girl; Captain Kane's
Greenhall vs. A. Van den BurKh'a American
Eagle; T. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott vs. J.
R. «mlth's Jennie Wilson; J. Keenan's Royal
Oalc vs. J. I. O'Brien's Statesman; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Mips Penman vs. D. Ford's
Bonlta; J. P. Thrift's Forgive vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal; J. Holden'a Scottish
Chief vs. Lowe & Thompson's King's Borderer;
J. 11. Perlgo's Controller vs. T. F. Logan's
Leah; Bartel Bros.' Ben's Babe vs. P. Rellly's
Kxpense; J. R. Smith's Petronius vs. H. a.
Deckelman's Lawrence; T. F. Logan's Miss
Grizzle vs. P. Rellly's Richmond Queen: F.
McComb's Motto vs. H. Lynch's Loiterer; F.
McCnmb's Little Joker vs. J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael; F. Moran's False Flatterer vs. J.
Keenan's Blacklock; Connell Bros." Mamie
Pleasant vs. A. Van den Burgh's Naughty Glfl;
H. Lynch's Lexington vs. P. McCabe's Boney
Boy; P. McCabe's Sky Blue vp. D. Toland's
Twilight Jr.; Captain Kane's Mira Monte vs.
T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Charming Belle vs. *J. Perry's Com
modore Na»h; T. J. Cronln's Roue of Tralee
vs. A. Johnson's Bald Kagle; James Dean's
Comrade vs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmore;
J. R. Smith's Mnglc vs. J. H. Perlpo's Pretty
Girl; Connell Bros.' Senorlta vs. Bartel Bros.'
Ballroom' Belle; M. Mlrhallk's Glenroy vs.
Larkey A: Rock's Van Nlda; W. Barry's Finn
McCool vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe; W.
C. Olasson's Terrona vs. F. Moran's Bit of
Fashion; P. Rellly's Lady Granite vs. A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan: Irfirkey & Rock's Liberty
Bell vs. J. I. O'Brien's Wa:i<lerlng Tom: J.
Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. M. Mlchallk's Joker;
R. E. de B. Lopez's McGregor vs. M. B. Kav
nnagh's Hard Lines; Rusrell. Allen & Wilson's
Rosle Clalr vs. W. C. Gl.asßon's Terronlte; P.
M. Clarkson's Black Hawk vs. E. M. Kel
logg's Hummer. . -
ODD FELLOWS INSTALL
THEIR NEW OFFICERS
ALAMEDA, Jan. 11.— A Joint Installation
of officers was hold in Odd Fellows' Hall
last night by Columbia Lodge No. 40 and
Encinal Lodge Xn. 164. I. O. O. F. The
ceremony was followed by a banquet. The
following officers were Installed:
Columbia Lodge— Past grand, George W.
Caswell; noble grand, John Ooldstone;
vice grand, W. D. Pierce; recording secre
tary. L. Fleischman: permanent secretary,
George T. Morris; treasurer, H. G. Mehr
tens: warden. L. W. S. Downs: conductor.
A. G. Burns; outside guardian, August
Runge: Inside guardian. Edward Young.
Encinal I^odge— Past grand, Percy Fox;
noble grand. Peter Nelson; vice grand.
James Fowler; recording secretary, Wil
liam Vollmar; permanent secretary, John
Larkin: treasurer. C. J. Hammond; war
den. J. H. Young; conductor, John Nick
orson: outside guardian, rjoorge Redding;
inside guardian, James Nelson.
THEIR FOURTH
DIVORCE SUIT
IS OK RECORD
Hostilities of Cahills
Renewed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. lL
The domestic tranquillities of Christo- '•
pher J. and Margaret P. Cahill of Di- j
mond have sustained another jolt, hostiii- |
ties have been renewed and their old j
troubles will once more be aired In court, j
The fourth divorce suit between Mr. !
and Mrs. Cahill is now of record, the !
complaint en behalf of the husband hay- j
ing been filed late this afternoon. P. J.
Crosby; appear* as CahlU's attorney, and
the ground alleged for the divorce is
cruelty. It is likely that this last at
tempt at a legal separation will reach a
final termination in a decree of some sort. !
The third divorce suit, which was !
brought by Mrs. Cahill, met with ipnom- i
JnouF disaster on account of her willing- ,
ness to kiss and make up. The husband i
in his crfss-complaint on that occasion !
had chargr-d his wife with securing fraud- i
ulently from him an alleged deed to his ;
property In Dlmond. Thlr, instrument j
Mrs. Cahill had recorded to the soul
rasping displeasure of her husband. Judge I
• Iroesic, however, declared he would not j
Brant the uife a decree until she should J
return the deed to her husband. Sud- !
flenly Mrs. CahllTs desire for a divorce \
vanished; tho parties left the courtroom, i
kissed and made up. But the deed has |
never been returned, and now Mr. Ca- j
hill wants both the deed and a decree of •
divorce. • _¦-
pepsin and he received an assuring reply. He began
shortly afterward to be afflicted with pains in .his de
partment of the Interior and did not Bwallow the bis
cuits with the avidity he had displayed theretofore,
Miss Elinore took this as a grievous reflection on her
ability as a cook, and her remark's to the sufferer were
pointed. He appealed mutely to his tormentor and,
with drawn face and bent body, moved off the stage. He
bravely returned and carried out his part of the pro
gramme and then called on a doctor for relief.
An investigation disclosed the fact that Miss Kate Eli
nore had used a gargling medicine in place of the pep
sin which Is mixed with the batter so that Bryson can
assimilate the biscuits. It was therefore necessary to
pump that gentleman's stomach to relieve him of the
poison. Within two hours after being relieved of the
fluid, Bryson was once more before the public munch
ing the delectable biscuits with relish.
Miss. Ellnore apologized to her assistant for the pain
she had caused by explaining the mistake. She said last
night that she had feared her ability as a cook was in
question when Bryson made wry faces at the biscuits,
but when the cause was ascertained she again breathed
freely.
this morning on a charge of obtaining
money on false pretenses, pleaded guilty
and was sentenced to serve ninety days In
the County Jail. Since his arrest numer
ous complaints from people whom Flick-
Fteln had victimized have been received at
the Jail evidencing the fact that he is a
smooth and experienced crook.
"MRS. DELANEY'S" BISCUITS
WERE DECIDEDLY DANGEROUS
HOW WOMEN GET LIOUOR
IN OAKLAND DRUGSTORES
License Inspector Maloon Tells
Tales on Female Tipplers.
Says They Drive Up in Carriages and Get
Either Drinks or Bottles With or
Without Prescriptions.
• • . ¦¦¦¦¦'¦-¦ . . ¦ , . .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 11. •
TT HAVE said that women can and do
I pet liquor at drug stores in this city,"
I said License Inspector Henry Maloon,
• "and I stand ready to prove my asser
tion.
"The matter of drugstore liquor sales
was called to my attention pome time ago
end 1 made investigations. I employed
four women and sent them around to the
drugstores of Oakland, and with the ex
teptlon of about half a dozen places they
?<Mind no trouble in securing liquor. Since
-.hat time I have continued my investiga
tions and 1 have found some very peculiar
tonditioMS.
"I know of canes where respectable
women, who move in good society, have
driven up to drugstores in their carriages
to pet liquor. As a general rule they buy
it by the bottle, but there have been cases
under my knowledge where they got
liquor by the glats and drank it on the
"Any woman- can get liquor in a drug
store by n:;tking the plea of pudden faint
:>>>, and that Is the excuse generally
riven. A woman drives up in her car
nape and tolls the clerk that she has been
taken ill and pets a drink as a medical
matter. This is probably true In some
cases, but the frequency with which it
was done made me suspicious of the real
reason and I have c«ime to the conclusion
that it is merely a slight excuse given to
?ave the woman and the druggist at the
Mine time.
"Thof «» whom I ?ent around to the vari
ous drugstores secured liquor upon this
plea without a question being asked by
the clerks. On come occasions a pretense
was made of requiring a prescription. As
Tf-.s.' stor«-s all had regularly admitted
physicians in connection with their busi
ru 5.- the prescription was furnished right
In the Ftore.
I consider this a very dangerous form
<-f iiquor traffic. "Some of these drug
rtnreu pell more liquor than some of the
wholesale liquor stores. They sell it by
the bottle as well as by the prescription.
When they give a prescription and the
liquor or wine at the same time there la
nothing to do.
"The present license ordinance offers a
very large loophole for the sale of liquor*.
It provides that no license shall be re
quired for liquors sold for 'medicinal or
scientific purposes," that lets, any drug
i store sell liquor without the possibility
' of a conviction. This ordinance should be
j changed."
Mrs. Margarette B. Pelton, the leader of
1 the W. C. T. U. in Oakland, supports Li
cense Inspector Maloon in this matter.
"I have heard the same thing said," she
said, "and I am beginning to think that
| there is something to it. I am told that
j women go t<i drugstores and say. 'Let me
j have some liquor on that prescription I
loft here pome time ago. Frequently
I there has been no prescription, or one
! prescription on file is made to do mdcii
"There Is also another evil connected
with tho liquor trade. Grocers are asked
to buy liquors for their customers; so that
the customers may not bo compelled to go
into wholesale liquor stores. I am op
posed to these easy methods of overcom
ing the pride of a person."
Tho members of iho Oakland City Coun
cil all look at this matu-r in different
lights.
•'I have boon trying to cause one-reform
in the liquor ordinance." sahl Councilman
Taylor, "that I consider most vital. I
want tho agt> at which liquor ran be sold
to boys raised from 10 to IS years, but I
;mi afraid that If we attempt too many
reforms in other directions this will fall
through. There may be the same abuses
that have been complained of. but I do
r.ot see how they can be remedied with
out causing hardships upon necessary
lines of drugstore business."
"I don't consider whisky a medicine,"
paid Councilman Upton, "but if a man Is
going to drink I'd rather have him drink
in a drugstore than in a saloon. I would
like to see the license raised, for my
part."
"Thf»re is no question about liquor being
sold in drugstores," said Councilman Gl
rard. "and my plan to make thorn pay a
license of $25 a quarter is the solution of
the question."
license Inspector Maloon's statements
undoubtedly wi'.l result in. some modifica
tions of the liquor license ordinance, but
what changes will bo recommended will
depend upon the report of the special
< < j in mil. tec.
PROPERTY OF THE CITY
HAS BEEN GOBBLED UP
Wealth Easily Acquired Along the
Lake Merritt Shores.
An Effort Will Soon Be Made to Eject the
Horde of Trespassers on the
Public Lands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Jan. 11.
PDUNCILMAN FELTON TAYLOR,
himself a resident and the represen-
Ltative of the aristocratic Fifth
Ward, is the man who says that
land all around the borders of Lake
Merritt has been seized by the holders of
adjacent property. The City Engineer's
office supports the statements of the Coun
cilman in general without any details hav
ing been secured and the Council commit
tees have recommended that the City En
gineer make surveys to determine how
much has been pre-empted.
If city property has been seized :n this
neighborhood it must have been done by
the wealthiest and .most fashionable resi
dents and property holders of Oakland
only their property abuts upon the lake.
This movement to oust the swell squat
ters who are illegally in possession of pub
lic lands along. the shores of Lake Merritt
promises to be more far-reaching in its
effects than a cursory first glance indi
cates. Should the city institute ejectment
proceedings against all of the alleged tres
pnssers and win the bulk of the cases it
will secure control of a large amount of
land which is of incalculable value.
According to the map in the City En
gineer's office showing the boundary lines
Detween public and private property the
encroachment upon the land UMonging
to the city was made at a wholesale rate
The east arm of the lake, which was
filled in some time ago, has been gobbled
up and the west arm disappeared from tho
public domain in a like manner. Along the
shore of the water between Jackson and
Madison streets the property has also
fallen into the clutches of private indi
viduals. ¦ : •
"I have been making a thorough In
vestigation of the matter for some time
past." said Assistant City Kngineer Me-
Math. "And I cannot see how those peo
ple who are in possession of the land In
question ever derived ownership. Some of
them claim that, under deeds which they
hold, they own everything from the front
end of the land clear out into the middle
of the lake. I feel positive that they are
absolutely wrong.
"There are fine residences along the lake
shore, between Madison and Jackson
streets, which are located upon city prop
erty without a doubt. I helped to make
a resurvey of the city land boundaries
around the ia*e several years ago and
while there is some doubt as to the exact
location of the old Peralta line, still it
can be ascertained within a few feet of
the correct location. The survey was
made in 1554 and the points from which it
was done have all disappeared. It wa3
done under the supervision of the United
States Survey and there is no doubt that
the proper data on which to make an au
thentic resurvey could be secured at
Washington. This would undoubtedly
show property everywhere along the shore
which belongs to the city and has been
pre-empted by private individuals.
"Besides the property which I have spe
cifically enumerated there Is also a big
piece of land running along the south
side of Eighteenth street, between Sec
ond and Fourth avenues, which should bo
in the possession of the city, but which
is occupied and claimed by various people.
A few years ago it was covered with
water and connected to the lake with a
dam. Then it was tilled in and was grab
bed up. The people who took possession
cannot possibly have any right to It. .
"There is a similar case In that property
running from the lake to Second avenue
and bounded by Fourteenth and Sixteenth
streets. This was an arm of the lak»>
and was filled In several years ago and
was pounced upon by private parties also.
Instances of this sort, but on a smaller
scale, occur all around the lake. Minia
ture bays have been filled in everywhere
and on every occasion the property haa
COUNCILMAN FELTON TAYLOR
been seized by adjacent landowners, who
unhesitating crossed the boundary line of
the city property to do It.
"The city ought to take possession of all
this property where there ia no doubt as
to its ownership and if the occupants ob
ject let them go to law about it. Then
the courts could appoint a commission to
determine the boundaries and the matter
could be finally and judicially settled."
"The Mayor and the Board of Public
Works are in favor of having the matter
settled, " said Secretary Jackson of tho
Hoard of Public Works. "And as soon as
the Council gets an official report showlrc:
what public lands are being encroached
upon, they are In favor of having the mat
ter definitely adjusted by court proceed
ings."
councilman i ayior. wno nrst urgen ac
tion on the part of the city to secure pos
session of the prnnerty which Is said to
have been illegally pre-empted by private
parties, is confident that his measure will
prevail In the Council. If It does, step*
will soon be taken to oust the wealthy
sauatters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
9lIUMNESS CHANCES— Continued.
J4OOO WILL MAKE
J2200 A YEAR.
Cigar, candy and stationery store; best
town In Northern California.: $12,000
business; JiS'X> total expenses. Address
box 4245. Call office.
AT & bartraln— l2 head cattle. 1 horse, 14 goats,
plpeons. chickens and hogs: house, furniture,
outhouses: ideal fishing and hunting. GALE
& BENSON. 320 Parrott building^
$100 PER month to varty with $200: money se-
cured. GALE & BENSON. S2O Parrott bldg.
$300 PART cash; partner wanted; fine corner
saloon; private entrance and rooms: will clear
$75 per mo. each: good man wanted In prefer-
ence to hired help. Apply PACIFIC EX-
CHANGE. ICI6 Market tt^
OLD-ESTABLISHED clsrar store; good reasons
for selling. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway.
FOR Kale— First-class delicacy store; well
stocked: good paying and established five
years; good change for 2 parties: ill-health;
S2SCO. For parriculars address Business, P. O.
box I"4. Sacramcr.to.
FOR re-.t near Haywards, 30-acre fruit and
chicken ranch: well improved. 23.6 Sixteenth
et.. near Howard.
PARTNER wanted in meat market; trial given
to party with reference. 124 Fourth st.
CIGAR store; owner has other business; no
agents. SU Bush rt.
TENANT wanted Immediately for branch bak-
ery; fixtures complete. 3U6 Twenty-third rt.
WANTED-A man with $1200 to $1500 to buy
half-ir.terert In loan office and Jewelry store;
:s fine paying business: must be watchmaker
and Jeweler: must have first-class references:
ran Investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
bii'lnes*- h8» too much for one rr.an to han-
dle now. Address HAMMOND, 37 East Main
ft., Stockton.
WANTED— PRrtner In a business established 24
years in Oakland; rays from $400 to $500 per
month; ?7T.00 capital required, which will be
fully secured by pood real estate; no chance
of loss; must b» a business maa. competent
to fc*><-_> books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch office, Oakland.
CAPE NOME— Business man with $10,000 or two
m*-n with $5000 each to Join advertiser, who
will put up lik- amount, to engage In mercantile
busir.*6s in Cai>e Nome; the advertiser hna
been In Alaska and has pood business connec-
tioi.s in San Francisco. C. A., box 4252. Call.
DAIRY for ea!e— l3 cows, 2 horses, 1 milk
wagon and route. T. S. NAGLE, 201 Mont-
gomery *t.. San Jose.
FOR sale cheap— Restaurant doing good busi-
ness: must be sold before 13th; rent $25. Ap-
ply 32 Jackson St.. Let. 11 and 1 o'clock; no
agents.
BUTCHER market: strictly cash business; over
$200 a week; a bargain; good reason for sell-
ing. Apply by letter only. M. O. A. C. JOS.
O'KEEFE. Western Meat Co.
BRANCH bakery and notion store In Western
Addition for sale cheap. Address B. F.. box
4574. Call office^
CHOICE business for eale at a bargain: a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4519. Call offic*.
WANTED— To lease paper route. Box 4275.
Call offlce.
$15.".0— 19 ROOMS newly furnished: rent $75: $GGO
cash down, balance ecsy. Apply 743 Mission.
PLUMBING shor, rtcck and shop tools In good
location. Bo<c 4_?2. Call offlce.
BRANCH bakery and candy store, cheap; call
to-day. 4H? Third st.
CHEAP for cash: barber shop. 3 chairs; very
good trade. Inquire at 1340 Mission rt.
ETEAM laundry plant: doing good business.
G. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes *upp'led from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento Bt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tis"Tri» > nts and subscriptions lias been opened
at 1..3 Polk rt: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
fubsTiptiocs has been established at IWS Va-
lencia ft.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Eubjcripitno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also Jaundry wagon: fine top buguy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
r.ew. suitable dry goo-Is stores. i 2% Harrison.
FOR ta'.e— Finest Brewrter Victoria, coupe
and family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter rt.
NEWand -d-hand wagons.b'-ggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. I'th and Valencia.
ALL kinds cf wacon?, buccies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
200 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bursries. Furreys and horsee. 1140 Folsom St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3.".3-3;7 Tehama rt. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Clea'>in«r Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4'S Stevenson it.; tel. South -.5: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth rt. : t-l. Jessie ?44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 12<i.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A-PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
12: TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of th«
most ekeptifal: gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If In <ioubt. trouble or
adversity ra'.l on this Rifted medium and he will
help you: mediums developed in from 3 to 6
mcnth«: letters containing three (juefUons and
$1 answered; hours. 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes rt.. room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
tert medium; life reader and medical clalr-
vcyant; treats all diseases: sittings $1.
ARRlVED— Scientific palanist and psychic: sat-
iflaction guaranteeed; readings 50c and $1.
_220 A Turk st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2 8
p. m. It McAllister St., r. -5; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
tests; art. lead., 10c; readinßS daily. 31 Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer.
ZZ't Ellis Bt.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
C. V. MILLER. mat?riali_injr trumpet seance,
S p. m. ; _sc. 40S Leavenworth st.
MME MOREAU, the best» medium and card
reader: _5c up. 72 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
part, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st., r. 12.
PROFESSOR ZERA tells past, present and ful
ture. 2C3 Third St.. near Folsom.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st" Is the original
gypsy life reader: r^adlncs. 25c.
MIPS MELVILLE. Rreat clairvoyant and water
reader; German srok»n. 821Vt Mission.op.Mlnt.
YOUR future tcld by cards. 25c. 544 Howard
rt.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader- sit-
tings daily. ' 212VC Sixth St.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
paJmlrtry. 2f,c; truth or no pay. 1143 Missrlon.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; ns_r;-»s clven: _5c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to rrave: future hus-
hurrt'B pirtur-. ;:>; la;H»s. *14 O'Farrell rt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A genoT^oTharßTuiT
legs successful. Room 310. 327 Market s,
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN 4-rooßi cottage; Funny7~yard~and
cellar; rent $16. ISSS O'Farrell s t.
V- 11 — BAY-WINDOW- coftace, 4 rooms! water
fr>e. 103 Q.llins rt.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 327
Market st.. o\-er Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use cf electricity, gas or
j chloroform; also by locui anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most ertistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold lillincs
from Tl up: ctber fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed .teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit Irotn
}4 CO up; cpen evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Eynol. en application to the gums, removes
the pain; ccc our flesh-colored plates: thinner
end stronger than rubber; warranted for 21
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings. 60c: crowns, $3 60: plate-,
full eet. t3; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTKO-DENTAL CLINIC. S0» Mar.
Ket rt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
IS 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.. ex-
tnects and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
liiiet; do students; guaranteed 12 yean.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. 34; crowns. $S; fillings. 25c
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
ytars. N. Y. Dentists. 889 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guarante*-.; dentistry, tl per week: refer to 6000
city patient*. K.mond Dental Parlors. 43 tth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. ISU Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: t graduate opera-
torg; open evenings and Sundays. SSO Market.
DKB.SSMAKI.IIS AND SEAMSTIIESSKS
DRESSMAKER directly from the East would
like 'a few places to go out by the day; terms
reasonable. Call or address MRS. HATCH.
4SS Geary rt.
SITITS. 13; skirts, 75c; made on short notice.
273 Minna Bt., near Fourth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladle*' Tailoring Parlor.:
French tailoring system taught. 305 'Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresoes
made, ta up; dresses made over; perfect n't.
McrOWELL Dressmaking School; leading syß-
tem: easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore.—
Advice and medicine 76c; city visits %\ 50; all
anlmftlf treated: dogs boarded. Te!. West 635.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-pasre catalogue free.
MARPH system shorthand; lessens 1 hour each
day or evening. 52 50 a week; with application
any Ftudent can go through Marsh manual In
(six weeks. 300 Van Ness ave^
ALL " Etudents but two taking full course
. this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 122S Market rt.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
niech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
CEt. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 833 Market.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. nnd Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship S5O. Includes all branches.
MANUSCRIPTS examined and revised by an
experienced critic and author; poetry * spe-
cialty. H., box 12. Call office.
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; 12 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
LAW schools, 527 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month; appointments by mall. 904 Taylor _t.
SHORTHAND taught personally" and by mall;
language*. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOK KEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and nlpht; terms low. 1024 Mlssion.nr.6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MHKKI. 1008 Mlfslon; violin. mßiidoHn, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCINO. ballroom or stage, qulcklv taught;
prlv. or clsss. Barker's Academy. 527 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE F.mp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, SO Geary St.; tel. Grant 06.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
'ne«e. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132 L
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post St.; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
best help. 414U, O'Farrell Pt. : tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation aa nurse,
second work or housework; best of references.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter ft.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundr-68 deslrei situ-
ation; be6t of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress deatres a situa-
tion: good references; oity or Country. MISS
H. CULMNAN, 223 Sutter rt.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion: best city refernces; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 223 Sutter eU
FIRST-CLASS Swedish houss girl, excellent
cook, best references; also a flrrt-cla_is
Swedish laundrees. Apply MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter Ft.
TRAINED nurse, first-class masseuse, will
take care of Invalid lady or man; educated In
German and English. Address 642 Fulton
st.; terms reasonable.
COMPETENT young woman wishes & situa-
tion; ulain cooking; housework: $3 75 a week
and carfare. Box 2^99, Call offlce.
GIRL, aged 19. Just from the East, wishes
position hk companion to lady and assist light
housework; no children. Call 1031 Market st.
RESPECTABLE German lndy wants to assist
In housework or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at 3011 Sixteenth rt.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work: Is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at r.13 Ninth St.. Oakland.
IRISH Rlrl wirhen situation to do housework:
nhort distance in country or In city. Call
101S Howard st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUNG woman would like upstairs work and
sleep home. 1912 Mission rt.
COMPETENT young lady wishes upstairs work
with family. 308 Turk st.
GERMAN elrl wants a place to do housework.
Apply 12'/>i Oak Grove, aye.
YOUNG girl wants to assist In light house-
work in good home. Call or address 34 Grove.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
YOUNG woman with a child 1 year old wishes
situation in widower's family; no objection
to children; speaks English and German.
Call at 2030 Mission st. *
WANTED— A competent lady, first-class second
Kirl and seamstress; city reference; no ob-
jection to country. Address No. 4279, 111
Guerrero St.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do up-
stairs work In private family. 230 Montgomery
ev<>. ; French elrl.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with light work; refer-
ences. 618 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Housework In a small family by a
woman from the East: is a good cook. 7CO
Folsom st. •
COMPETENT woman wants housework with
1 child: short distance in country preferred.
Addrets 216 V. Sixth St.
WANTED — A position as nurse or housekeeper;
can furnish best of references. Address 828^
I'arrlsorj rt.
POSITION wanted by woman physician as doc-
tor's assist; or to care for invalid at home or
travel; 6 years' hospital experience East. Ad-
drcsa F. 8.. Llvermore. Cal.
SWISS g!rl desires a position for second work
and plain Fewlng; wages $20. Address 941
Jones street.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
Call or address 713V_ Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. H Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 night: U 50 to U
week: convenient «nd respectable; Xre« *bu_
•nd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
-übfecrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rts.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements ami
Fubscriptloc_ has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia ct.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
-^Hfi! 1 nn<l '-ascriptions has been opened
at 1?23 Polk rt.: open until 9 p. m.
I-_IPLOYMENT WANTKD HALE.
A STEADY and reliable man. wTn}ni~to~do
most any kind of work, desires a situation* is
n good cook and understands horses; has be«t
of references; private place preferred. Ad-
dress 1365 Sacramento st.
MEN'S furnishings goods and hats; wanted
a position by thoroughly competent man- cus-
C 2550, rt Can k omce CO ° d referenceg ' AdJ r e »
COACHMAN and gerdener wishes a position-
practical horseman; active, cleanly and strict-
ly sober; has references. 8. CALDWELL
Winchester. Hotel. ; ~T
ENGINEER. IS years' experience, 5 years runl'
nlng double hoists in mines, wants work*
stationary or hoisting; references. Box 2_97'
Call offlce. • •
GERMAN, speaks 4 languages fluently, wants
position in wholesale house; had some ex-
perience as traveler; would drive or make
himself otherwise useful. Box 4236. Call.
EXPERIENCED cook desires situation- is
good baker and butcher: could run small
hotel. W. DOLENHUNT. 310 Montgomery.
MAN wishes position; milk or bakery wagon
Box 4257. Call offlce.
CALIFORNIA Connano>ry No. 1. Iv.
T.— Officers find members will o_sero- TfcSp
Me ir; asylum at 1:30 o'clock to at- ffj£
tend the funeral cf our late trater. t^SI
JO:lN C jnHN K TONNINGSEN. Em. Com.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA «onnr.ande-}- No. 1. K. je.
T No- S Port Ft.— Regular assembly SOJ*
THIS KVENIN*.. Oro»>r of the Tero- jf_!
r>!e All frat.Ts cordially invited. fe3
' SIR JOHN TONNINGS EN. Com. *>
TEKBA Buer.a Chapter No. 1. i — yX — i
Kr.ict.ts Etoac Cpiix— Meeting — £«— - *
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. Jan- M
_ary 32. at J_W o'clock. Degree IS. /j
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. M
l_J
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.. »j:i :r.eet THIS DAY (FRIDAY). _*%_
r.- '. .3 < 'clock, to attend the funeral of >R3P '
• iur late brother. JOHN OGDEN/V> !
EARL. M__ter Masons invited. By order of I
the V.\ if. j
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
PIONEERS— The funeral __<-_3fc~_r--»_.
take place TO-DAY < Friday) at t!ie Masonio
Temple J:SO p. in., instead of Saturday _s
per l-i-'Slil card.
JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal.
POPULAR Saturday evening lectures at the
V. M. C A. A-diloriura by Ifaac Sel'.ey
<of Melbourne); subject TO-MORROW
EVENING "Britain and the Boers, a Plea
for the Policy of William Gladstone." Ad- )
mtasiea :ree; collection. •
ANN'X'AL meeting.— The postponed annual |
meeting o? she stockholders of the KXLAIiEA j
SUCAIt PLANTATION COMPANY will be
!«¦!„ at tbc office of the company. No. 227 j
Market street, fan Francisco, California, on
THCBSDAY. the .sth day of January. 19<*>,
at the h< ur of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
}».>s>e of r'.mins a' b.iard of directors to serve
Cor the estmtnc year, and the transaction of
-uch other business as may come before the
meeting. Trar.Fi^r bocks will close on Satur-
day, January 13, }9'io. at 12 o'clock m.
IZ. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The rcg_lar annual meeting
of the BtTr<-kho!_«T_ of the OCEANIC STEAM- i
EHIP COM TAN Y will be held at the office of j
the company. 227 Market >t.. San Francisco, j
<~.ai., on MONDAY, the _2d day of January, i
[80$, at the boor of 11 o'clock a. m., for the j
purpose of electing a boord of director* to '•
f-orve for the eflSßlnc year and the transac-
• tioti nf such o'.hor l)'.!«in*>ss as may come be-
lore the mfeLini. Transfer books will close
on Kill DAY. Jaruary 12. ISW. at 3 o'clock
p, m. E. H. FHELDON. Secretary.
ETOCKnOLOZ-BS* meetinp— The annual m«et-
inc of the stoekN>!ders of the UNION IRON
WORKS will be h<*!d at the office of the com-
pany. r_2 Market Ft.. Pan Francisco, on TUES- j
DAT. January 23. l^ f A at 11 :S) o'clock a. m., i
for the purpose of electing a board of directors |
!o serve for th<» ensciag year and for the 1
transacUoa of puch other business as may j
come- bercre the mating.
J. 015. GT'NN. Keeretary.
Office. r22 Market et., San Francisco, Cal.
January S. "&00.
ANNT'AL meeting— The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING o* the FtorkbcldTs of the Pajaro I
ValUy Cir.sc! ldated Raiircad Co. will be held
• t tfc* offic* of the Company. 527 Market st.. I
f-an FranciEco. Cal.. en MONDAY, the 15th
day cf January. l?»0, at the hour of 11:15
"'clock a. ra.. for the purpose of electing a
board of dliectcrs to serve for th» ensuing
year fin<l the transaction of #ueh other busl-
r**s as iray come hefore the meeting. Trans-
fer Look? «rflj close en FRIDAY. Janutry 12.
ISOO at 2 o'clock p. rj.
U\ 11. HANNAM. K-cretary.
BQRfiOW on diamonds: secrecy; orirtt*. en-
t'p.nre: vrlvat<« Tvrf Unrie Harris. IS Grant, j
ASTROLOGY.
PIK'F. A. UABSBY of ESTPt, rreatest astrcln-
glst nnJ pairr.ist in the world; satisfaction
r«?.rar.it>M. <?."! C' i<sen Gate aye. j
ATTOn.\EVS AT LAW. ;
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, room 15. flirt floor, j
Chronicle 1 uildintr: no advance charges: all •
ras*^; t»Ft?ites, mortssLß^s, damapes, coller- j
tinr.s: hcr.kruj)tcy: wills, etc., drawn; moder-
ii t •- fc*!=; call or write.
AI>VICE (Me; divorce law a rpeeialty; private;
rso f»» without success; collections. G. W.
HOVi'K; attjr at law. S5O Market, cor. Etocktn.
APVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. £27 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MER/.BACH. attorney a: law. has r»-
rt nr.ed pract'ee at 503 Cal. et.. Clunle bidg.
L. P. CLARK. Emma ?pr«»ckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
k*t «t.: confutation free: po fees in a_vanc«.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United State* Hotel; rooms 1150
«»-ek u;>. wl'h board $5 60; suite for two with
bor.rd. tIZ; beard. SI week; meals. 25c; eie-
vstor rur.t all night.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT\ 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; flitt-class lr. every respect;
table unsurTiE-"'""!: hot and ro!d water: ele- I
vatcr: suites, with board for 2. $r.O month up. ;
5C171V family hotel: first-class in all appoint- ]
m»ntr: excellent table. SO" Calif orr.'.a «t.. oc-
cepytne uMittl "rrosite Grace Church. ;
"Bi-LOI-AVIA HOTEL," Po'.k and Clay— Sun- j
ny fu:te_: b^Kt beard; for 2. i5O up; single. $20.
HAJGHT. Si—Soaaj rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LAS PALMAS, IST) Market *t.— Suite of 2 cr 3
nrs. ; private; lath: sin. rms; board optional.
O FARRELL. 7«— Clean, comfortable room.; j
good heme cooking; special rat«ii to gents, t
E n nROW on pianos, furniture, dlarncnds, !
r«int!r.ff-: — xnxy. Unr!* Harris. 15 Grant.
BOARD AXD ROOMS WANTED.
ANY smo:int to lo.Ti voa on diamonds: low in- !
ferest. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye. ;
LADY war'? funny furnished room; prat*; I
bfcth; board; private; reasonable. Box 42SS, '
_ri ; !; ; i
ELDKRLY -^ntleman wishes to tret board and I
loilgir.p with home ootnfortp. H.;x 422%. Cal!.
ItOAItDING FOR CHILDREN^
TTANXED— A good liorie with proper care ?r>r
two children. Bge4 c ana 9 yfire: parentwants j
n^'iri with same larnily: location nrart lx» <
north of Market ar<! family Prct'stants I i
W. 3X, box 2_?.".. Call ofnr-e.
WAXTHP-To board 2 o r ?. rhildrer.. c a u or
a.Mnrs J. I>. PUTERBAUOH. _61 Minna Bt. I
T«* bicrd— An infcM or rmaU child; $10 per
rronth. _10 Ix>\ineion aye.
BOOIvS NEW AND OLD.
BCHOCL BOOKS boujrht and exchcngedT
Koine* Book Co.. 714 Mission «t.. near Third.
UOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
BOT.S' strong elnes. TSc; boys' fine ihoe?, Jl; In- '¦
f_nts' Eho<**. UT:r; children's flvws, Kic up; __- \
<Xir*' ghoes. ?1; r.fr.'« boots, special. Si 7i. Peo- j
\,Wr Sl:i«- Pier". 230:; Stockton, nr. Broadway. |
m:si\r:ss chances.
A-C-'W—eORNEIt grocery and bar;-3ivest<'rn I
>.aj.; Urst-claw of!»r; stock will invoice 12%«); j
nm_t be fold In 2 Cay-.; owner compelled ta !
le%re for the Kzst. Call R. G. WILKE. SOS !
Market st. j
_V-SS:w— BAKKRT ue_r MrAUirter rt.; estcb-
llcbed years: all store tr.vde; large stock-
rent S_i: i year?' leape; IV_ barrels r«er U_y'
(all B. G. WILKE, 906 Market *t. ,
t_.]C— FIIiST-CLASS Qorlj,f« store ; uoir.s a~sood
*._>i.v-ys; egstendld I<x-^tion; wnm going to j
Europe; reel $.<i; _ living rcoms. furnished. 1
CMI U. <_. WILICE. S»J6 ilarket st. ',
A— ?C3; CIGAR and candy -tore; rent ti'i: very
Ijost location north of Market *t.; » fim-clasi
laying busim-tn; la.r_e stock. Call R. G
WILKE. :.'* Market «t.
A-JCOO: FIU'IT and grocery, with horse and
tvagrs: <izil-y receir-ts t*J: rent $3'i: full value
<n eight; a KrilenrUd chalice. Call R. O.
WILKE. -0- Mtrket ct
A— l'-00; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
wagon ; rert flO; a fc-yxl -paying business; ail
iroix ctock. Call B. G. WILKE. -VS Marlu-t.
A— sjiii: DELICACY irtorc and branch bakery,
on J__rkln St.; s-rnt $15; pood-paying business;
fine place tr-r 2 ladles or man and wife. Call
R. <_. WILKK. 1-06 Market rt.
A— Cso— PARTNER wanted: profitable business.
Mclaughlin & co., 7775. Market _t.
JS:*— BLACKSMITH shop and wagon business;
bargain; on a/vount of departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777. Market et.
CORNER rroeery; a snap; cause, party has
paralyels. COWING & CO.. 595 Market «t.
UEBTUO NOTICES.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— By man and wife, work on vineyard
or ranch; man thorough in same; wife good
cook; references given. Box 2598. Call.
AN all-around handy man wants position In
wholesale house; steady and reliable; give
him a trial. Box 4166. Call.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RELIABLE eober man wants situation as
coachman and gardener, janitor or any place
of trust; first-class references. Address J. J.,
C4l Bush et.
WANTED— By man and wife, positions; well
educated; speak German and English ; coun-
try or seaside preferred. Box v 42SI, Call office.
YOUNG man, age 22, German speaking, would
like work as anm-entlee In bakery; city or
country. Box 2600. Call office. .
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Addres3 box
4263, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS plumber and gasfltter would like
a position In a hotel, factory or wholesale
' house, doing anything. Box 4SSI. Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, a steady position;
country preferred; best of references. Box
48S0. Call office.
AN educated man of 30, speaking English and
French, would like a position as attendant,
secretary or reader to gentleman, traveling
or stationary. Box 1002, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook: wide experi-
ence and good reputation. GEO. STALL, 3X2
Stockton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlpttons bus been established at 1094 Va-
lencia et
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1223 Polk ft.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ft*. ; op<»n till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. EOc. 1071% Market
st., San Francisco; examination free.
FLATS TO LET. '
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417 ft Third st.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 713 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed lift flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SUNNY upper flat 6 rooms; bath; gas; sta-
tionary tubs; rent reduced. 331 Tehama st.
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reasonable. 336S 17th St., near Guerrero.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1317 Geary.
$B— LOWER flat of four rooms. 27 Pearl st.
off Market, near Valencia.
$15 — SUNNY flat, 5 rooms. 724 Harrison st.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FRKE TO ALL:
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated bock, by sending
address^ to lock box 643. Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all i-tzes, $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
9L Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
»t, near Broadway; open evenings.
PLAINLY furnished upper flat. 5 rooms; $30;
rent $15; 1 room rented; clean; sunny. 411
Octavia st.
FURNITURE of six rooms for sale; no dealers.
22S Van Ness aye.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $IS 50. with No.
7 ranse. Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED '""wOLLPERtT^tT" Mission St.. T pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 8353.
HELP WASTED — AGENTS.
WANTED— City drummer with experience.
Br,o\vnstone. Wine Co.. 331 Ellis st.
HELP WANTED' — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
2 more waitress's, Los Angeles (special
rates), $20; 1 more waitress, Pasadena, half
rate, $20; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake City, fares
here, $22 L 0; 2 waitresses, Bakerafleld, fare
here, $20 and $23; waitress, Pacific Grove,
free fare; waitresses for 9 first-class country
hotels, $20; waitress and chambermaid, same
country' hotel, $20 each; 8 waitresses, best
city hotels, $20; 2 chambermaids. Coronado,
$20, half rate: fancy Ironer, Coronado. $30,
half rate. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED — Experienced cashier, $7 a week;
cook, no wash, $XV. German style; 5 cooks,
German style, $25 and $30; 3 cooks, plain wash,
$-.">; 4 second Elrls, $2-> and $25; parlpr maid
and waitresses, $23, short distance; 6 hotel
waitresses, $20, city and country; 7 restaurant
¦waHrpsses. $5 and $C a week; 3 nurse glrl:«,
$20; German and Scandinavian and Irish
house girls. $20, $23, $30. city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse. 1 child 3 years old; must
travel. MISS CULLEN, :123 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child, 4 years old. and upstairs work,
$25: country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Ft
TWO restaurant waitresses, $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 823 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as housekeeper, $10;
city. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK nnd second girl, same'house, $30 and $23;
German second Klrl, $20; nurse girl, $20; mld-
Ldle-aKed woman, light work, $15; woman- for
housework, 2 In. family, $15; 10 house girls,
$25 and $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — An experienced saleswoman for
cloak and Jacket department. Apply by let-
ter, statinc ace, experience, referonca and
salary, box 2596. Call office.
WANTED— MARY MOONEY. waitress, call at
•700 Ellis st. Immediately; something to your
advantage.
GIRL wanted in family of two: good wattes
and home to right party. WILSON, 135 Bu-
chanan St.. near Waller.
WANTED— WiII pay liberally for names and
addresses of people suffering from consump-
tion, catarrh -or rheumatism. Box 4238, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cook and kitchen
work. Apply 927 Market St.. room 209.
GIRL from 13 to 13 to mind baby; sleep home,
708 Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
935 Market st, room 6.
AN elderly woman for kitchen work and small
washing. Apply at C 79 Harrison at.
Al MILLINER Feb. 20 to July 4; permanent po-
sltlon If satisfactory. K. Handlcy, Santa Cruz.
WANTED— Strong young woman of good ap-
pearance who has some knowledge of mas-
page and anatomy: steady employment for
right party. Address L. A. W.. Call office.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home; wages
$10. 722. Hayes st. '
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLK HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking.
Apply after 10 a. m., 2220 Webster at.
EXPERIENCED eorder and operators on silk
waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk at.
YOUNG girl wanted to nssist with children.
1502 Post Bt, near Laguna.
WANTED— Woman for light housework; good
home: fair pay; call after 12 a. m. 116 Tay-
Icr st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 1917 Baker
at., near Clay, after 10 a. m.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Cough and Grove _t».~
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levl Strauss' fac-
tory, 32V_ Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36y_ Fremont st ; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, cults. $1 per "week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1300 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•übscrlptrons has been e-tabllshed at 1096 Va-
lencia «t ?
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p.m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky -t«.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
.TAILORS— Wanted flrst-clftss ladies' tailor for
the country; one proficient In all details; must
be cood rapid operator; permanent place for
steady, sober man; good wages. Apply to
STEIN, SIMON & CO.
SMART collector and canvasser; Industrial In-
surance: quick promotion. R. RALPH, 611
Montgomery st. ;
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -touse. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
HELP WASTED — MALI..
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
% WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
25 farm hands and pruners $26. $25. $20 fd
married farmer with family for a ranch.
Farmer wife (no other woman on ranch)...
laborers and teamsters, city jobs.. s26 and fd
choremen, boys for farms, butcher shops.
bakeries, etc., $20, $15, $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 MINERS, single hand, steady, good Job
C miners, double hand, steady, good Job
cabinetmaker. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. ¦
12 LABORERS for sawmills, woods, fare $150,
wages $26 and found: 193 woodchoppcrs, tie
makers, peat and picket makers, tools and
food found, $2 50 to 70c cord, 10c, 12c each.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL, laundry, bakery and butcher departmt
14 cooks, different jobs. s4s, $40. $35, $30, $25 fd
9 waiters, different j0b5... 535, $30. $25, $20 fd
dishwashers, kitchen hands, butchers; second
baker, $35 and found; third hand. $25 and
found; laundryman. plain hand work, country
hotel, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
' 634 and C 36 Clay et. ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, Beraper holders and dump men for
the Coast- Road, free, free; coal miners;
hoisting ensineer, mine, $2 50 a day; tln-
emlth, $2 50 a day; metal spinner. $2 60 a day;
harnessmaker, $1 25 a day and board; black-
smith, $.v 0 and board.
Head cook, country restaurant, south, $S5;
steward and head waiter, country restaurant,
$60; head cook, $50; baker, $40; same country
hotel. fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at.
VEGETABLEMAN: first-class country hotel;
$30 n.nd fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Wagon and carriage smith. $3 day:
blacksmith and shoer. $2 25 day: blacksmith's
helper, $35 and board; farmers, $25 and $1 day;
milker, ,-j; woodchoppers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $20 week; cook,
Email boarding-house. $20 and found; 2 stew-
ards, $40 and $50; 2 waiters, country hotel, $25;
porter and waiter for club, $20 and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— A strictly first-class cent's furnish-
ing goods salesman; one capable of taking
charse of dept. Apply from 2 to 3 p. m., 623
Market at. room 7.
A— S3OO— PARTNER wanted: restaurant: good
honest man to attend cash counter and look
after help; part payment taken out of the
business. STENBERG CO., 26^_ Kearny st
WANTED— Steady man; light work In com-
mlssion business; must be satisfied with $18
per week; email capital required. 1016 Mar-
ket st. room 10.
WANTED— Several bright boys for work at
home; high or grammar school students pre-
fer'd. Mt. Holyoke Rifle A3_n. Holyoke. Maaa.
WANTED— First-class barber: wages $16 up.
Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st
WANTED— Two barbers for Sunday. 797 Mi3-
f-lon Bt.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard's barber shop,
i Seventh and Mission »ts.
GOOD shoemaker on repairing; steady Job;
come early. 2140 Flllmore Bt.
WANTED— Elevator man at 29 Stockton st,
Bay State Restaurant.
YOUNG man with some experience In barber
business. Address box 4167, Call office.
YOUNG man to help on fine coats; call early.
10 Miles court, off California St.. nr. Powell.
DISHWASHER wanted. Old Campaign, 8. E.
cor. Greenwich and Lyon sts.
PRESSER wanted on custom coats. 102, 104,
106 Battery Bt.
BORROW money on diamonds and watchea;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant «ye.
BARBER'S Protective Unicn— The only legal
organized union on the coast J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
STEADY man with small capital In good-
paying business. Call 79 Third st
MAN to solicit for the Weekly North Beach
News; no experience necessary. Apply 413
Filbert st
RELIABLE men to handle staple goods; big
money to right parties. California Mfg. Co.,
632 Market st.
15c BARBER nhoo. 2 chairs steady; Western
Addition. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
COc. £62 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sts.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly: special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. HOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. -S5 Clay St. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evenlnp classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
Sf-AMEN. green hands and ordinary seameu,
at HERMAN'S, -6 Steuart at
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
n eys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Llndcll. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c nlcht: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and Eubscrlptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tin
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stg. : open until 9 p. m.
HORSF.S. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap; fine
roadster: perfectly safe. NEVADA STA-
BLES. 1350 Market street.
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1623 Market at. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
THOROUGHBRED brood mare, by Prince Nor-
fcrk, dam Lady Stasy, cheap; 8 years.' 19
City Hall aye.
WORK horse. $10; buggy horse. $33; butcher
wajjon. $30; buggy. $25. 19 City Hall aye.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Eclipse
Stables. 1375 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16H: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. Q. Aye.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
2& ROOMS; new and clean JIIOO
12 rooming and boarding house $-50
17 rooms; fine location 430
18-room house: good transient 7*o
60 rooms: clears $339 3250
A special "bargain; 10-room house, central lo-
cation; new and clean; good rncome, etc.
Money loaned. Gale & Benson. 220 Parrott big.
A— sCOoo- 50 r. ; Pine. ($1800; 23 r.; down town.
$500- 10 r.; Powell. $1500; 34 r; paying.
$3000; 80 r.; Sutter st. 16000; Eddy. nr. Markt.
$1000; 21 rooms; nice: f630: 12 r. : respectable.
$S00: 13 r.: good house. $1300; «0 r.: Market st.
* A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at.
WANTED— Reliable tenants: 5 new houses. 40
to-200 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
kat.st.
32 ROOMS, new furniture: rent $100: half cash,
bal. 1 per cent CD. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
21 ROOMS; fine transient: a big bargain, $S3O.
C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
37 RCOMS; Taylor St., nr. Sutter: will suit nice
family; half cash, $2400. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
9 ROOMS, house, Jones.' r. $32 30, $325: 29 rms..
house. Jones, r. $SO. $1150: 9 rms.. Post, nice
and eunny. good furniture. $350; money to
loan: C. P. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 $350
11 rooms: all rented; rent $20 273
40 rooms; fine location: rent $75 1000
ICO rooms at great bargain: rent $200 3COO
C 3 r-: rent $100: $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
A 43 SUNNY rooms on two floors; best down-
town corner north of Market: paying well.
S. C. box 4215. Call.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: $200 up; 7 to 93
rooms; easy terms on any house.
I HAVE calls every day for 10 to 14 room
houses. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms for sale, all oc-
cupied, at 2 Washington st
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard gt.. corner Third.
TO LET — 9-room house; 313U O'Farrell st.
near Mason; rear entrance. Apply 15 Gran*.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1931, between Laguna and Bu-
chanan ets.— Elegant house of 12 rooms: bath,
• servants' room, etc. : newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to O. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery street.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60.
HOUSES TO LET.
FINE bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath,
high basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan st.. near Sutter. Apply 623 Golden
Gate aye.
SMALL house: rent reasonable. 10 Lily aye.;
Key at 113 Oak st.
9-ROOM house: Sl3>i O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
"ear entrance: fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AXD FOUND.
between Call
building and Wienstock & Lubin s. lal6
Leavenworth St.; reward.
LOST-On Twenty-second and Mission sts.. a
bank book. The finder please return to 2636
Mission at.; reward.
STOLEN-Lady's Persian lamb cap«. trimmed
round bottom with bear fur; lined
plaid silk; reward $20. *n Tth st. Oakland.
LOST— Jan. 10, 1900. one dark red muley cow;
strayed from 42S Eleventh st. Reward on re-
turn to 203 Eleventh st.
LOST— A gold locket: monogram "D. A. H."
on back; liberal reward. 421 Turk st.
LOST— Male pug dog. Return to 1214 Howard
st. and receive reward. ¦
LOST— Lady's gold chain. Return to 725 Fulton
Bt. ; reward. _________—_—————
IF the gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1023 Pine st he will
receive reward. .
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant avo.
MEDICAL.
DR. COLLIER, the world-renown pile special-
ist Is In the city and will treat all rectal dis-
eases without use of knife; chronic cases pre-
ferred; consultation free; success guaranteed;
any former patients in need of treatment call
and be treated free. 435 Fourth St., room 14;
office. hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; will call at resi-
dence.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladies' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during -confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St., between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1562 Market.
has returned from £urope with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office $5; warranted; 15 years* successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office, 118 Eddy at. near Mason.
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st. bet Hyde and Lar-
kin: hours 10 to 6. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home: consultation free; success guaran-
teed. V/rite or call at 1023% Market st
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR.. and MRS. ¦VVEGENER.
phone Pine -7SI: res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market st; hours 10
a. m. to sp. m. ; at residence, 22$ Van Ness
aye., 5 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment J3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1113 Market
st. : every caj>e guaranteed ; $5 up.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 610 Eddy st. bet Hyd»
and Larkin: hours, 10 to 12. £ to 4 and 7 to it.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dXs-
eauen of the human body. 115 Mason gt.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkin.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 229 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Sta
floor. Mills building. B, F.: tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALIC.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1C23 Mission
Et. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st.
A 14-KARAT gold American Waltham or Elgin
movement gent's watch, guaranteed, for $25;
a lady's watch, same quality and make, for
$15, worth $40; just what the cases will melt
up for; also another $2CO fine sealskin for $100.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR eale— A brand new 30.50 Marlln rifle, with
200 cartridges; cheap. Inquire between 2 and
4 o'clock p. in., at 732 Howard st. : basement.
DOGS-Grand collection of high-bred collies, all
ages, from prize winners; cheap. Apply C. I>.
NAIRN. Lawrence. Cal.
A — BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear etreet
FOR sale — Complete restaurant outfit Inquire
222 Sixth st.
FOR sale — 2 black and tan thoroughbred pups,
3 months old. WM. QUEEN. 713 Mission st
ROSEWOOD guitar, perfect tone: original cost
$25; price $3. Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny.
COMBINATION table, complete, cheap; also
billiard balls and cues. Apply 737 Harrison.
CANARY birds; see. hear and buy, at LOH-
MANN'S, 316S Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
HOUSE of 6 large rooms for sale at Eighteenth
and Indiana sts., Potrero.
ONE 4-Fid«d sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1'
air compressor; S locomotives. 229 Fremont
WAKE up by (buy) SORENBEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
AT. less than cost; uncalled-for- suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price "reduced to
$100: concert records. $3 50. BACIGALUPL
933 Market st. San Francisco.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 76. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery at.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
NEW style Singer sewing machines; 5 drawers;
oak: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. _sth.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
betters and engines. H. 8. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. Ej
Golden Gate aye.
MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per csnt; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance; cbattrl
mortgages; confidential; adxice fr»e. (}. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID dflays; try all rthers. then see me; $50
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided Interests In
estates. legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. -A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pio-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no da-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry al low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 546 MarkJt
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
MOST rc'lable "lace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. lIE3TIIAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old Mlvcr. diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low r*t_\j; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory Mdg. 13'> Powell Mt.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest; Xooms
63 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not" filthnut
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bullUuig.
MOSEY TO LOAX.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or planrs: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 28 Montgomery st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building-
sso TO $^0 000- lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
cocim^slon ; private. LICK. 116 AI-AUlster »t.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
mow money see H. MUKPHY. oSo Marker »t.
~~ MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S6OOO on undivided interest on Im-
proved inside San Francisco property, pro-
bated; worth $SOO,OCO; on first mortgage for a
long term; title clear: principals only. Address
• Btating lowest rate of interest, F. G. H.. Ca.l
office, Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
- chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchue
price allowed. We are felling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Keamy
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O' Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of alt grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dono to please aad s-ti*fy tit*
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 20 O'Farrell st.
WHY buy a cheap-grade piano wheir* you can
get a fine "Baby" Decker for $325. paying $it)
per month. If you want to, at MA.UVAIS', 753
Market st.
GREAT bargains in new and second-haad pi-
anos at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
LARGE stock -of Baldwin, and other standard
pianos; price* reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. ZZi Post «t.
ALL make* for a short time only.
*4, $4. $4. $4. $4. ti per month.
3 Chlckerlngs, 2 Steinways. 1 Vose A Bona and
SO ether slightly used high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Elll» st.
UPRIGHT piano, "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by experts the best in S. F.: nearly
new, of nolid construction; wonderful power
and 'sweetness of tone; value $600; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St., room 121.
WANTED— First-class piano; will pay cash;
must be nearly equal to new; state price and
make. Apply box 4271. Call office.
\V G, BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis plane*.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIB Market St.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap fo*
cash. 1319 Powell.
FINE Fischer & Stetnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only $60 ca_a;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have, arrived; rented $3 per montX
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 21S McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. U
McAllister st.. next Hlbemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new.- H-
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let— Fine store, -with high and dry cellar.
In the best retail portion of Market «t. By
JOHN* PFORR, 403 Pine st.
STORE reduced from $45 to $25. 8. E. cor.
Howard and Tenth sts. ; 4 rooms.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
LARGE, -elegant store. 593 Valencia street; busi-
ness center; low rent.
PARTNERS WANTED.
HALF Interest In paying and well established
mfg. bus.; capital required. $500. ECHWEIN-
HARD & CO., rooms 2-3. TX)7 t 4 Market st.
WANTED— Partner for a barber shop. 6\±
Grove st.
PERSONALS.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as housed
keeper for club of gentlemen or small priv-ta
family; excellent cook; authentio city refer-
ence. A. E. F., 2120 Bush st.
ELLEN O'DONNELL having left my bed a-;d
board. I. MICHAEL O'DONNELL. will not
be responsible for debts contracted by her.
Should she wish to come hone she caa do so.
7 Eureka st.
PARALYSIS 'and all nervous diseases and ta
which lead ossification. thicKening, contracted
muscles and stiff Joints, cured. Hard tumors
and all abnormal enlargements. Ladles who
have been unsuccessfully treated come to me.
Rheumatism in ail forms. Skin diseases, scrof-
ula, eczema and all skin diseases In theirmost
loathsome form, consumption and all lung dis-
eases, all old standing chronic diseases where
doctors and medicine have failed- No drugs.
No knife. Different from any other treatment.
Call or write us for references and form of
treatment. Consultation fres. Dr. L. J. Strat-
ton's Sanitarium. 607, EOS aad 809 Parrott build-
in. San Francisco (over the Emporium).
WANTED— Everybody to bring their flannels
to us; washed as your mothers do It at home;
one trial will convince you; gents* underwear,
6c a piece; all flannels washed by hand. Office
257 Third st. and *-:.3Vi Howard at.; telephone
Baker 11S9; French laundry.
IF you are bothered with rheumatism' or kidney
trouble call at 17 Powell st. and get a free
sample of Dr. Craig's Rheumatlo Cur*; It
positively cures.
DR. SCWTRMAM haa mniiTfd tn 1- \TwA^l.tt'r
St., telephone Jessie 231.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; U
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 113 Eddy st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Is a perfect hair tonia.
S3o hot.; Lederer' s Foamo Shampoo has na
equal. 5c pkg: Lederer uses no other.l 23 Stktn.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 104 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
LEDERER Is par exoellence. the hairdresser of
San Francisco: latest styles only. 23c: mani-
curing. 25c; massaging. $1; rood switches, lij
fine. $2 50; open Sun.. S to 12 a. m. 123 Stktn.
A FINE suit to order $19 73. or pants $3 75: our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell cheapea
than ready made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
bet. 7th and Bth, prop. One-price Tailoring
Co.; 832 Kearny st.. near Eacto; also 1544 Mar-
ket St.. under St. Nicholas.'
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired and for sale at 343 Sutter.
FOR ten days, photos given Baxtex can be re-
covered. Address 104 Ninth st.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any stylo. DAMITRE3 BAROSI3. W Ninth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
25e to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $S per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
liclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold: send for him. £08 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-oft clothing and brtc-m-
brac 11. MARKS. 209 Third st. : send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1313 Linden. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR 8 ALB.
$37^0— LOT and 8-story brick house: sunny side
South Park, near Third st.; 8 rooms; also
larce shop In rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller sts. % . near Halght: over JO
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-etory houses; 7 rooms;
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. care: patent sidewalk.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ASTONISHING offer; $30 to $73 per acre- 5 ta
200 acres: size tracts to suit; cash, easy terms
or might take part in exchange: alt very
finest: highly cultivated level loam; in most
desirable location; within 2'tj miles, by level
sprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
fruit, vineyard, olives, nuts, corn, etc.; now
raising Immense crops of grain; unequaled
for poultry business: 2 living creeks- abund-
ance well water: complete of buildings- scat-
tering large oaks; would be cheap even at
$100 per acre: better than stated.
N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT
10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. a. T.
LOT 23x125; located on Main St., Stockton-
ro rr i 66 C Varket C « aP *\\ W °- ***"««:
YES. $3 per acre up: farm list; fre? fara M
QRIFFEN. 713 Market st. near Can budding!
MILLBIIAE lots cr.l blocks: fenced- water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 92; Market st.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BCEBTEES OFFICE cf the Ssn Francisco
Call, corner of Market «nd Third streets, cpen
urt!l 12 o'clock every niffht In the year.
CEAICdI OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street.
crmer Clay; cp«-n until »:S0 p. TO.
f<~ Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
«3 StcAlUster street; cr*n until 9:20 p. m.
OS Lfirkin street: open until J:2O p. m.
:?41 Mini (HI street; cpen until 10 p. m.
ETfl Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cr,til t p. n.
:0€ Eleventh rtreet: open until 8 p. m.
lC£ r Valencia etreet; open until » p. m.
•223 Polk street; cpen until 9 P- m.
Ncrtr.west corner of Tw. -ty-second •** Ken^
rocky tUem: rpen until S p. rr
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAISTUARY 12, 1900.
10RAII/ROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPpIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
Week Days 8:3» a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p.m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit and Return.
tl iX -.-... -.- ...
f ""^ .Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
JL^sjJnt CJ2S KCAR.VT *T. JS»tab«shed
fait* *$?}* in I*3 » (or the treatment of Private
fcjLL?* '**{$ Uiseaaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*SF3?j!fl*s*t!i l|isp 'M' p^s^rlncon bodyand mind ami
l CsW;jfc ! i*Ji&l "= ki " Risea**'S- 'Ihedocwircureswhen
ioKHEItKEsa "tilers tail. Try him. ChHrgts low
*&£&**< *-.'T* «'nrc« S ii»r:inlffj. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. f. uIBROM, Box IDST.San Franelm-a
BAY AND RIYEE STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steantcr "Monticello."
HON.', Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and' Sat. at 9:40
a. m.; 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30' s. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 130 S.
FARE ZOc
Builders' Contracts.
Wel*mann & Whittle (owners) with A
Knowles (contractor), architects Martens &
Coffey.— Lathing and plastering for three three-
story frame buildings on lot on N line of
Washington street, 60 E of Polk. E 77-6 by N'
127:SVi: JIS6S. y A
William Glselman (owner) with J. F. Logan
(contractor), architects Copeland & Pierce —All
work except painting, etc.. for a two-'storr
and basement frame building en lot on A' line
of Golden Gate avenue, 125 W of Devisadero
street, W 30 by N 137:6; t4592. tra
Estate James O. Fair (owner) (by W a
Goodfellow, J. S. Angus and T. G. Crot'hers'
executors) with E. Coleman (contractor) archi-
tect Edward Owens. — Carpenter and Joiner
work for reconstruction of building (flve-story
brick) on lot on W line of Front street be-
tween Pacific nnd Broadway, Nos. 70a 711
Front street: *3100. '
William H, and Frleya Thornley (owners)
with W. E. Grant (contractor), architect none
—All work for a two-story an.l basement frame
building on lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue
150 fi of H street." S CO by E 120, O L 655- J2500'
Abe Stern (owner) with C. ChlshiMm (con-
tractor), architect Richard Howland Hunt —
Erecting hardwood furnished by William
Baumgarten & Co. of New Tork for a resi-
dence on lot commencing at a point S5 E of
Octavla street curb line and 14:10 N of Pacific
avenue curb line, ,N 132:7%, E 7:2H, B 1-OT4
E 62. S 131:6%. W 70; tISSO. ",, '
» John F. Kennedy (owner) with John T. Lon*
(contractor), architects Shea & Shea.— AH work
for Installing flf ty-elght cell doors in Jail in
Hall Of. Justice building; $6350.
UCAL ESTATi: COL'XTHV — For S»I«
-
A LIST of Special Bargains— When sending for
IRiV catalogue always stale about what is
wanted, amount in invest, etc ! I'll then also
furnish a iT^claMr jMTiared list of "snap"-
l'a.malr.6 near nhat you want, not In cata-
lopue. Whtle I make a special feature of
Nar>a and Fotioma County places. I'm person-
ally acquainted with over 3OX) ranches lor
sale or t-xchange in California— more than any
other ten agents in the Plate. I travel nearly
ail th* time, inspecting: countn' property.
N. 3D SICKELS. the Ixind Apent.
10 G«ary Et.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
BANTA CLAKA Valley fruit. larailne and
Irtock lands; o*wr> rale In tracts of 6 to 509
acres; tasy terms or will exchange for San
Frar.c:«co "property. Al ;ly to C. li. PHIL-
LIPS ana G C. VACHELL. 53 Monteomery
tt.. fcotwren 11 ft. m. wnd I p. m. dally.
RA>CH TO LLT.
FoR rer.t— Rar.ch of 10 acir*. with house and
barn*; BUitaWt for milk cr chicken ranch;
running f.re.r.r* tt wstcr: back of Glen Park.
Inquire JOO?T KROS.. Mission nnd Eleventh
fts.. or Corto'tt ro»e. SunKysid^ Sslocn.
UOuMn «i»< m:ivi:i.i'l.\u.
EUFH. 2C:6— Two tunny front rooms; furnished
for Usht houwkeeiiinc; adults only.
CLAY. H2l. near Kilimor* — 2 large unfurnlbnei
room*; yard: wstcr; rear: rent Tt. . .
CLASSIFIED advertisement* end iubscrlptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Flllmore *t.
FIFTH. 11l — Sunny furnished • housekeeping
roctr.s; fiat J.
HYDE. •TS-Sur.tty suite, furnithed. housekeep-
ing; bss<»mf-nt; yard: t!4; also single room.
MINNA. 2 s — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
efnsle rooms. 75c and fl per week.
MISSION. ISCI-Front roaa and kitchen; also
NATOMA, 645— Two sunny furnished rooms.
rcmplcze for hcur»!:eep!nß; til.
POWKLL, 610— A pleasant sunny room, with
running water; liirht housekeepir.gr if desired.
6TEVENSDN. 6ilT bet. Seventh and Eißhth.
e.bov* Odd Fellows' HaU. near new porto'flc-e
—Two furnirhed hcusekeepine rooms; bath:
<fr.tral.
BTOCKTOX. 711— Fumifhpd rooms for house-
keeplr.fc-. iZ to IS a month; other cheap rooms.
gf"HRES or four neatly furnished punny rooms,
complete Tor houßPkeppir.fr: in private, modern
house. AdJrefs box 4577. «'ail office.
A BRANCH office for the r<*r.-ptipn of adver-
ti»*meni? a:i<i Ku^?cr : r>tlons has been opened
at ITT2- Po'ik tt.; open until 8 p. ro.
A Hr.AN\'H effic* fcr Call advertisements and
tfubßcnpUcns has been rstabltshed at 1C36 Va-
!>rcia tl
A BHAXCIIiofSc* for Cell advertisements and
rubsetipttcr.s Uas bfen established at the
north v.os; eorwr of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky, us.; r.vn vntll ? p. m.
KOOStS TO IXTt — Karn. and Infnrn.
A^fmrN'SVTICK lIOrPE. 148 Sixth^Rooms
TZc to Tl ;.rr nipht; tl 2i to $5 per week, and
. ¦¦ . ' : Uou«rkeepim; orx>n ali night.
AT Hotel Frcr.cisco. Turk a:;d Taylor sts. —
Himrtike boUBC; mclfrn «r\"tce; e-levatr.r:
bath: rooms Mw to fl iO day. MRS. J. KING.
HORRGW on piano*. furniture, diamonds.
Pc let tegs; recrecy. Cncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BUHNETT. 1426 Market Bt. (old No. 15M)-Fur^
DifchC'! rnjf.. jullpf. Flr.cle; also unfurnir-hed.
CALIFORNIA. 1406— Nice sunny bay-window
room, ru'table I6r two gentlemen; gas and
u*e of bath.
CARROLTON, 55 Market, ec-r. Gulden Gate
tve. — Sunnp corner; well furn.; rms. & offlees.
CLARA. 2SO. bet. Fifth nnd ?lx*.h— Large sunny
frer.t room. furr.ishPd ruitab'.e for ronn end
wife or two cer.tlenien. In private family.
CLASSIFIED advertist-m^nti and nubscriptions
rcceivr-d at Call branch offlce, 22f>0 Flllmore et.
FIFTH. I&7— Pleasant, *unny. unfurnished
roogig to let.
GEARY. 408 fThe Navarre)— Elejtanlly fumis-h-
f d rooms, en suite ©r slnple. MRS. H. HTER.
GIRARD House. IS? Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reaßoneble.
GRAND SOUTHERN. *outhea*t cor. Seventh
and Mlision fk>. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; la.dies' perlcr; reedinx room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7?1 Mission— Select family
roorr.lrg hou?e; SI 50 to %« per week.
HOWARD, 715— ?00 sunny roriE*; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. £2S— Clean. r»>fp<»ctable: ESe-|l per
night; Jl-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
MINNA. €07, corner E'.irhth— Newly fumlEhed
bar-w!ndow room, tl r>or we?k; transient.
OTAKr.ELL. 2&— Cvatay furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric l'rhts; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 417— Furnished rooms from tl E0 up;
«jso housekeeping.
IiOSEDALE. 3M Ellis, nrar Teylor— loo rooms;
£>c a :..).: :. tl a week; transient.
BOTAL Hour", 126 Elll* rt.— lncandescent light,
reading room, emokine room and ladle*' par-
lor; rojm«, r*r night, 25c to tl 60; week, fi to
IS; mor.th, j? to $30; elevator en office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6HERMAN Ajartment Hour-e, IS Eiet.th et..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
EUTTER. 23C2. cor. Fillmore— l large sur.ny
frcnt rTiOir;; also 2 Binilier funny front rooms,
furnis^.ed cr unfurnished; light hnusekeeplng
or otherwise; house newiy furnished.
THE Oaks. ll» Third— A pood rooming: house
for coed people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
VAN NESS aye.. 30?— Elecant suites, elngle
rooms and housekeeping vuites; suitable tor
doctor or dentist.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et. ; o;>en till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anl
|*übsf-riptlr.ns has be<rn «-stabliFhed et the
northwrst comer of Twpr.tv-seccnd and Krn-
tucky tts. : oppn till 9p. m.
UOUMS WAM'ED,
i -ii nT'iM mn ii i ?„ ,1 ¦ .»« .
IN return for le**on* in bookkwptHK. short-
hand. Krsllsh, French or Latin, liox 4200,
Cs.ll offl-e.
M'aiAL SOTICBB.
THE secretary cf th" Pan Francisco Protet>tant
Orplian Asylum Society herewith rives no-
tice that the fjllowine orj^han and half or-
I'han ciris and ttoys have b«-**n admitted to
the ir.c.mitlcn from July L ls^S, to Jan. 1,
IWj: Anna M. Clemens. 10 >tf. 3 mos.; The-
resn C. Clemen*. 8 yrs. 1 mo. ; Tetra. M.
Clerr.*: rui. 2 yr». V mos. ; Margaret Pet*-rscn, 7
jtk. 11 mos. : Marguerite Kf-rr.;if. 4 yre. I mo? •
Farah N. Nlcol. 12 yrs: 30 mw. ; Nina E. Mil-
ler. < yrr- i mo.; E:nily li. lU-fd. X yn=. 10
me*.; Mcrgaret Brouk*. 11 yrs. S qiof. ; Jlarv
Bronks, Id }T%. 2 mos.; EtM Brooks, Z yrs.
6 nifis.; Sibeila Bar.k, S yrs.; Cruz Isura, 8
jts. 4 mn>.; Rifol Isurs, i yrs. € mos.: Vin-
cent Isura, 7 >Th. 7 mos.; Alvin C. Kupky,
11 |T*.*l rnos. ; Carl S. Bonlcke. fc jts. 11 mos.;
Frank lionicke. 7 yrs. 6 mot.; John
PcteiTon. .'. yrs. 11 mos.; Charle* Pet-
erson, 4 yrs. 6 mos.; William Peterson.
2 yrs. 6 mos.; Victor Olfi»»n. li yrs.; Myron
A. Day, 8 yrs. 11 mos.: Henry E. Day. 7 yrs.
X 0 mo*.; Chp.ries K. Foster, 7 yrs. 7 mos. •
Lincoln G. Foster. 2 yrs. 10 mos.; George
Kerr-.tif. 4 yrs. S mos.; William Paull. 10 yrs.
€ mo».: Rudolph. 6 j r*. 6 mos. ; Georre N
Nlrol. 5 yr^. 2 mos.; Walter F. Nlcol. 4 yrs!
t mo*.; William J. Riddle, 6 yrs.; Leslie L
Riddle, S yrs. ; Frank Madden, 10 yrs. 3 mos.;
Galra Clark, 14 jr*. S rnos.; Perry L. Miller.
7 yrs. 11 rnos. : Gocrce F. Farley, g j-rs. 4
mo«. ; fVrcy G. Reed, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Julius J.
Lindner, 2 yn>. 3 mos.; Walter Brooks, 7 yrs.
4 racs. ; Gt^rse Ba r.k. 1 ft. 5 mo*., and Wil-
liam Kerr. 4 yrs.
MART P. MacCRELLISH,
Becy. P. O. Asylum. SC7 Pine st.
"HE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum give* no-
tic* that the foilowir.ff orphans and half or-
; v .i.:.- R.eve been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to December Jl. ISSS: May Thorn.
Z yrs. 1 as.; Jesnie HuKsenct. 8 yrs.; Amelia
Hussenot. 2 yrs. « mo.; Isabella Mills, 4 yrs.
7 roo.; Anita Roadkt. 2 yrs.: Virginia Klrby.
4 jtf. a mo.; Annie Kearney, i yrs. 3 mo.-
Annie Farren. $ yrs. ; Nellie Farren. 6 yrs. 2
mo.: Helena Grir-hen, 2 yr e. « mo.; Ellsa Bar-
dln&ka. h yrs. 2 mo.; Johanna Daley, 10 yrs.;
Mary Paley. 9 yrs.; Martha Valient. 6 yrg.;
Alice Valient. 3 yrs.; Anneta Aiviao. « yrs.;
G«ne\a Alvlso. S yrs.; Oadulupe Alvlso. 8
yrs.; Astor.ia Hussenot, « yrs. ; Albert Kear-
ney. « >rs- i mo.; Willie Farren, i yrt. 1 mo.;
O*raJd Gripfcen. E yn>. 6 mo.; Charles Foun-
tain. • yrs. 7 mo.; Howard Jenkins, -5 yrs -
Joseph Brorterkk. 2 yrs. I mo.; Cella Basana,
I yrs.: Irene Bssana, 4 yr*.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July i # iS3S. to Decem-
ber SI. 1559: Arthur Vsnler. £ yearn- Charles
Vanler. 3: Frank Cryne. 4: Mary Caneesa SV&"
Peter Canersa. !»i: Joseph Burns, t 5-6; ' Ge-
rtie McLouyhlln. 8 5-6: Pauline Smith 5- Isa-
bel rr'mith. 2; Peter Rellly, 6; Gertie Berlin,
S; Christian Barnes. 2H; Fred Wilkte 3;
Frank Ma«uire J 8-«; Mary Mulcahy, S; An-
ulta Ownwoo^, 2: Laurence Bank, i\i: John
Eergin, 2: Francis Tarantino, 3: William Mof-
fatt. «; Mary McClcllan. <: Fred Sut«, 2M:
Ctip.rles Suiz. 1 1-J; liose Herbert. 6.
NOTICE is hereby riven that the Maria Kfp
Orphanace of £20 Lake ct. ha* received the
followir.r orphao. balf-orphan end aban-
doned girl* from October 1. ISM, to January
I. 1S00: Nettle Moer*. aped 12 year*; Ceelle
H. Williamson, aced 11 years; Irene Bennet.
epfd II years; Vera C. Faber, aged 9 years;
G^OTt:! 1 " C. Fabsr. ae^d 4 years: Bessie I.
L*e, a«:*xl 7 r«ans; Mabel J. Lee, aired Z years:
Frarrf» M. Kane, aped t years; Emily Johns-
ton. ir"i i years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
JS months.
ROOMS papered from t3: whitened, tl tip:
I>alntlr.p done. Hartman Puint Co.. 315 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for If. rolleetions made;
dty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41$ MoEtrcmerr rt., roo res 3-10; tel. 6620.
BBWIXG SIACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
fj MONTHLY, rented, repiiiredrbought. . sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bousht. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
rairlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth tt.
STOIIAGI2 AXD AVAHKIIOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH 6torage and Moving Co.
OfHoe. 4UI Pogt ft., cor. Powell; tel. Main 671>.
WATCH R.EPAIRIXG.
WATCHES cleaned 7:.c: guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. M 0 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAJIEDA nKALJESTATE^
$14r.O— LOT :€xl23; cottage 5 rooms and bath;
street work do:ie: eaty terms.
*;;00— Iy>t 50x140: fine cottage: 5 large rooms
nnd b*th; worth 53000: only $100 cash, balance
t*9 per mr.r.th; creat snap.
j3r,oo— Lot 4ftxl.">o: Morton et.. between rall-
roaiH: nc\r ttation and school; handsome new
cottage cf 7 rooms and bath; 1500 and $25 per
month. .
f?i;o— Ijot 3ot150; 2-stery house of 6 rooms and
bath; .Alameda aye.. near Morton-st. station;
eapy terms. ,: ,— '
IXCA— Let 40x159; fine new 2-story houee. 8
roorr.^ ami bath: Morton St.. near stations and
SfhooT?: jr.no rnsh. balance $30 per month.
$36(0— Lot 75r.ir.0; on main avenue; cottage
8 noon and bath; creat bargain.
Hcuscs to let In al! parts of Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
14i:aT'ark ft.. Alameda. Cal.
A HOME— Fend description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKEBr..
1410 -W.«t>«tT yt..- Alsneda.
'BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ROOMS.
$3000— SEE this 2M acres cf land in heart of
town of Berkeley, with a fine 4-room house;
rr.nrtfrriire fcr $1300 to the Oakland Bank of
J'avlne*. which can remain or can be taken
up- ¦U. C. MORAX.
$12oo_r. LOTS. 40x127. ar.d a 5-room cottage;
j;co cash, balarco nt $15 per month. Including
W. C. MORAN.
51000—4 ACRE of land. 5-room house, 2 larre
bamp, 2 chicken h.~us<>s. p't?nty of fruit trees,
bfrry v!r.e«. etc.; $'00 cash, balance can re-
main on terms tOi*ult. W. C. MORAN.
jgnon— BARGAIN* in choicest part of Berkeley:
6>'» acrr>s that trill subdivide into S3 lots; see
_t».i?. VT. C. MORAX.
$1600— S-HCOM hour» and a 3-room cottage, on
rornfr lot, T>Oxir.O: non-resident must have
_rnor.ey. W. C. MORAN. Lorln Sta.. Berkeley.
"THE PLEARANTON." 2C32 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with cr without board;
young ladies prefenvd.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TUT' first-class, old-established business; food
reacTi? for selling; rare chance. E. E.
BCXCE. SOS Brosdway. Oakland.
ICCff^-WILL *ell quick for $1200; fine corner
residence: lot 45x1"5: 9 rroms; up to date.
E. E. DUXCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OA X LAX D 1 IR.MTUKK FOB SALE.
AX !r;r^<Juct!in to vnu from H. Pchellhaa*. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
¦ ASSESSMEKT XOTICES.
A6t>£s£MKXT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
j;3uy. office and principal place of business,
277 Market «t.. Kan Francisco.
Notice !s hereby given that at a meeting of
the Beard <<f Directors, held on the ISth day
cf December. IS3S. an assessment (No. 7)) of
cr.e (Ij cent per share was levied upon the
rar-ital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
tecr?tary a: the office of the company at th*
above aCSresn.
Ar.y stock upon which this assessment shall
roman unrald on the 22nd day cf January,
ISOC. will be delinquent ar.d advertised for sale
at public auction, anJ unless payment 1*
rr.a£« before, will be Eoll en the 12th day of
February. IEOO. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, t^pether with co«s of advertising: and
expenses of eale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUO. Pecretary.
3t7 Market at.
DIVIDK.VU NOTICES.
DinpEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (25<? per
ihare) of the HUTOHINSON SLGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY. will be payable at the
offlce of the company. No. 327 Market st.. (n
and after Saturday. January 2f>, 1900. Trans-
fer books m ill close on Saturday, January IS.
1300, at 32 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (25 cents per
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 827 Market St.. on an.l after Monday,
January 13. !?00. Transfer bocks will clos*
en Tuesday, January ?. st 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Froncisco— At a regular meeting of the
beard of directors of this -bank, held January
2. 1900. a dividend was declared for the halt
year ending December SI, 1893. at the rate of
seven «T) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the Uth lnst. Transfer becks will
b« cloEed from the 10th to the i:th lnst.. both
Cars inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Jiinuary S. 1900.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Georce F. IJurkhart. £3, Lebanon. Or., and
Marcant J.'.ChafTee, 51, city.
Jcserh M. Lot*we, 24. 21 CO Van Ness avenue,
and Norma R. P.achman. 22. IMS Gough Btreet.
C&rmelo Cirelll, 21. 1324 Kearny Btreet, and
Caterina Blunto. IS. 406 Green street.
Hart hoi Moranda, 22. Femdale, and Allle
Cornvroil. 32, Ferndale.
Ulrhnrd A. AVelch. 27. 334 Thirteenth, r.treet.
I and H'lda J. Frees". 25, 24 Erie street.
Miles J. Breare. SO. 112 Shotwell street, and
Lllllnn M. I'mfred. 23. 112 Photwell street.
~JbTrTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tho same published.
BO3N.
O'DONNELL— In this oity, January 4, 1900, to
the wile of E. O'DonnWl. a son.
LYNCH— In this city, January 8, 1900, to the
wife of Thomas Lynch, a daughter.
LTON— In this city, January 8, 1900, to the
wife of William H. Lyon. a son.
MAKRIED.
ANDERSON— FRET— In this city. January 10,
15K<>, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. Axel E.
Anderson and Katie Frey, both of Ban Fran-
[ ciiCO.
I GRANT— NORTHRUP— In this' city, January
10, 1300, by the Rev. Harvey 8. Hanson,
George S. Grant and Agnes R. Northrup,
both of San Francisco.
STHATFORD--FITZGERALD —In this city,
January 11, 1W)O, by the Rev. W. P. Klrby,
Harry J- Stratford and Gertrude C. Fitzger-
al<i. both of Ban Francisco.
died! ~~
Bane», Alexander Moore. Caroline L.
Barlow, Richard F. Murphy. John
P.:u-«!ty. Johanna M., Mus«r.ave. Mrs. M.
Commlns, Edward &. O'Connoll, Daniel A.
Connor. Lawrence » iv-ndergast, Thos. F.
Karl. John O. Piekett. Margaret
i;as»on. Marcaret Rode, George H.
Grant, Hf-nry F. Sassella, Mary £>.' '
Grasell. Mrs. Ollie Schilling, Adam J.Jr.
Iciaronl, Carolina Schwars. Edna F. T.
Jones, William 11. Severena.Sister Maria
Karison. John , XVlebalk. Gretchen
Livingston. Louis Wieland. Frances
Maleoh. Dr. G. H. Zussman. Blanche
Miloyich. Milan
BANCE— In the City and County Hospital.
January 10, 1900, Alexander Bance, a native
of France, n.Ef-d 13 years.
BARLOW— In this city. January 11, 1900, Rich-
ard F. Barlow <i<rotes?lr,nal name Western),
dearly beloved husband of Mary Barlow, and
father cf Neta. and Lucy Barlow, a nctlve of
Baltimore. Md., accd 4$ years and « months.
BASSITY— In this city. January 11, 1500, Jo-
hanna M. Bassity, beloved »lster of Mrs. T.
O'Brien and Mrs. A. Hlckey of Sacramento,
a native ot Ireland.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:M o'clock, from her late
residence. 822 Ellis street, th«nee to St. Mary's
Cathedral for services. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COMMIXS— In Stockton. JanuarJ- 10, 1900, Ed-
ward Philip, eldest and beloved son of Ed-
ward and Mary Commlns of San Francisco, a
native of California. ? '
.JFTJ*?***} etrvlce t rv1c . M . wlll take P la « e this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock.- at St. Dominic's
Church. Interment private.
hi ¦ NR V J. GALL AGH X R CX.
(Successors to Flannaean & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ESTBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.
I"**"" /nertVOV* «fc CO.. ' k
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A. EMBALMERS 9
123S Market st.. between Bth and Bth I
_T el _ lp P ho . r ig_Bwth_i47.. 8
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via fan— ;TlH F«rry.
Commencing October 1. 1389.
FROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN R.VFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:OO. •»:»», 11:00 a. nv; nii
•J:4O, «:13, 6:00. «:30 p. m. • «*
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. ?
SUNDAYS— '3:00. W.QO. »ll:30 a. m.; «lli
• :15. '4:45. «:SO. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Queattn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:23. »«:3, 7:43, »9:40 a. m.*
«12:J0. 2:15. «3:40. 'SaS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturday* at <:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10. «S:Cfl. »1O:CC. m.« a. tn.l
•1:40. t:li, 4:45. •«:«) p. m.
Trains marked (•) Hart from San Quenttn
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:43. 6:45. 7:55, >:4i a. m.-
11:». J:3S, 3:43. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:2; p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:06. 10:03 a. m.; 12:05. 2:H. I:JO,
• *0, «:45 p. m -» «^
- THROUGH TRAINS,
1:00 a. m. week days— Caradero and way station*.
¦ :40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and —my stations.
•jCO % n, svndsys^TomaJea »ai jrajr y^ttrm^
AMERICAN LINE.
WSW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LOXDON, PASIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Xew York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 17 St. Paul :....Feb. 7
Xew York Jan. 24:Xew York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 3t St. Louis Feb. Zl
RED STAR LINE.
New YorK aijd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Aragonla Jan. 1< iWesternland ....Feb. ,"
Krlealand Jan. 24 1 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark Tan. 31 INoordland Feb. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbacl. Oawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery et., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Cteamers will, leave wharf, cor-
"2s ncr of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKOXG. calling at
K»be (rltogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honskong with steamers for
India, etc. No cartjo received on board on day
HOXGKOXG MARU Tuesday. Jan. IS
NIPPON* MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freisrht and passage apply at company* office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent. .
MCTncM t*A«?iF3C <oarj.iT.
(PACIFIC aI.iTU.)
Trslaa !••»••> «•«• »»r«» «!«»«• *.» <*rrl«* m%
nan rit.»x«'«J»r<>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
ieatb J — From Dstimk 13, 1339. — arrits
•7:OOa Benicti. Bnlsnn, Limfra. VacarUle,
Cmcscy and Sacramento. ¦ ...... *7:13r
•7:OO\ Sbrsta Erpr»m— Darts, Willows,
Red riuflC l'crtlird «7:43»
*7i3« a Martinez. San Hnraon. Vtliejo. Naps,
fallatoaa and .Santa Eoc;» •Bil.lip
•Bi3»a Th"»OTexlindlJ--n«t— Ogdan. D«n-
»er. OeuUtk, Chicago »3i13»
••i»«»a Sai< Jose, Llftruiore. .SLockton,
lone, Sacramento. Tlac. rtUe,
RI-»rj»»lll!\ «;hico. Ke-l l!!:i:T MiUf
•HiIMtA *.Mu>od. OaMai-ervl i-«aor» *l:I5p
•O:Ot>* Tlaywan's. Nihnarxl Way Statfon*. M I:I3»
••:00a D*Tia, Wcodhrd. Kci.hu luodisg,
UtrysTllle, Orotillc. »7i-13»
•0:04 1 Atlantic Kxjre**— Ogdsu and East •M9a
•9:00 a Martiaea. Tncr. LatLrop, Stockton,
Mi-re-dand i'resno. M2:l3r
•BiOOa Port Costs, brcsno. Mojare and La*
Anßelr* •flrl.Tp
•10:004. Vallcjo. Martinez ajid Way Stations # 6: l.Tp
•1 1:OOa Ilaywards, NUes and Way Statical. »2: ISr
•12:00k Nile*. LWenEore. ftookton. SacW
aaento, Mendota, UanfonU Visalia,
PcrtcrTlUo # i:lll»
jliOOr Sacramento Kltst Sfenmern fH:t»l>»
'SiOOr Ilaywards, Niles anil Way Stitloc*. *3: t3r
•4iOOr llutlnez. 8»u ltaznou. Vallejo,
Napa. C»iUc»K». SuuU Rosa •D>l3*
•4i««r Bcnicla. VacaTlUe, Haeranianto.
Wooill»nd. Knights Landing,
MarjSTlllP. Crotille •••:43»
•4«80r Ntlea, Han Jose and Stockton •7»I3» '
•O:O«rTh« Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakersfield. Baugns for Banta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles MOt-IS*
«3toor Gusset Limited— El Faao, Sew Or-
leansand East elOt-l.Tt
•BiBop Stockton. Merceil. Fresno M2:l3r
*3i3op7rcsuo, Uaker3lielil, Santa Barbara.
Ixs Angeles, Dernier, El Paso,
' New Orleans aod East *Bi43a
¦OiSOr Bauta *"o l'.rmte— Atlantio Eiprew
for MoJaTo aod Cast •6i4.tr
¦StOOr Harwards, Xiles and daa Josa •7:43 a
40«30p Vallejo *13513r
•OiSOr Oriental Mail— Ogden and East •gtSO*
17i00p Vallejo, Vort Costa and Waj Sta-
tion*. „ , :»wJ3r
•SiOSp Oregon and Calif oral* Rxrreu,Hmo-
rainento, MarjsiUle. RcMlnr,
Portland. Pnget Honnd and Waai •»tl3'A,
COAST DIVISION (s«rr«tt Qumgt).
(Foot ol Market Street.)
•SilSa Newark, Ccnter»Ule,fean Jos^Fettoo,
Boaldo r Cnek.Baata Cnts and Way
Station* MJII
tftilSr Newark LVnteMtlla. Ban Josa. Now
Ahaaden, Felton, Boulder &e«k.
Banta Croa and Principal Way
Stations t"><>**
•4>1 3 r Newark. a»n Joa*. Lou Oatoa. **rSOa
IllitSp Hnnter*" KicorMon. Saa Jos* aad
Way.SUtlrres Hr—>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma sis nmisco— rm »r uti,t sirt«*«s:i> a) —
•7:13 9:00 11.00 a.m. 11:53 »&C9 tJiCI
•«8 t5:00 *t:UtM.
friaOHUIJ— f Mi «f Braid wi».— »aO9 840 10:00*.*.
i tiaxo *i:O3 mo h-.n ti-oa *g.-C3r.n.
COAST DITIBIOII (Urnad Clause).
(Third ar.d Tovrnscnd Sta.)
1«>IOa Ocean View, ttoutii tUr, trandtoo.. t*»ao»
*7:0»a Ban Jcso ami Way Button* (N«»
Almaden Wednesdays only) •*>••»
• »iO« A Ban Jos*. Ties riuoa, Banta Cms.
' v r*clJo QroT*. faso Robloa, Ban
S I.u!j Oblspo, BnxL Lompoo uJ
Principal Way Station* *4ij*t
•l«it*A Baa Josaand Way Station* .> ••tkSa
¦lIiSOa. Baa Josa and Way Stations. ? »3i30»
/,431-sSr San Mateo. Rodwc-od. Manlo Park.
r Palo Alto. Banta Clara, Ban Jose.
. Trcs Ptaoa, Santa C'rnx. "«>*"««!
Monterey and TactOs Oror* fIOtS«A
fSiSO>r Bin Jose and Way Station* *7iao»
f*i!Br6aa Jose and Principal Way Btatioo* *9>43a
J3iOOrSanJcsa and Principal Way Station* tO:0«»A
3:30p San Jot* and Principal Way Sutions 'SsSS*
•fliltor Ban Jcse and Way Station* tftiOO*.
Hli«."ir San Joa and Way Stations *7t3Oy
" A for Morning. P fcr Afternoon.
• Sally. t Sunday sxoepted. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
.*LTnesdart and Vridajs • Thursday* and Bnndarß.
RfILiFORNiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CMBCAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Coxsectisq TitAis Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with ell limited
trains tor New York.
OVERLAND Lea Tea San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFC.C* P> m - Wlttl Palace and Tonriat
n*ii v cars for Kan »» 9 C«/. St. Lonia,
UAIL.T Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Talaxo r>t\ a r\
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 623
'FDISrO <OON Market Street, Phone MaJ a
rKWLU aWP* IS3I . Oakland, 1113 Broa-
dway: Sacramento, 301 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTE2N IT. CO.
SAI FRANCISCO TnD NORTH PAGIH3
v . RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiawpeo Parry. Foot off Mmrkm t St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEX*.
WEKK DATS— T:J3. 1:00, U:CO a, m.: 13:«.
1.30, 8:10, t.SO p. m. Thursday*— Extra trt»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Eitra trip* at l:wl
and i\:?m p. m.
ETJNDAT9— B:OO. t:2O. 11:00 a. m.: 1:S«. I: SO,
6:00. R:2O B. m.
BAN KAPAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 1:59. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:43.
• :43, 6:10 p. m. Batardaya— Extra Uips at
1:65 and «:8S p. m.
rt,'MDATS— »:19. 1:43. U:i3 a. m. ; 1:40, 1:41. s^B,
• :!5 D. m.
Between San FraneUco and Sdraetsen Park
yama schedol* a* abotr*.
Ix-ave Arrtr*
Ban Franel.ieo. In E!T?ct Ban Fraaeisotx
¦ October IS, ¦
W«ek Sun- 1539. Bun- Week
Day*. days. Destination day*. Days.
1:80 am S:"0 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 as*
:S0 pm i:3O am Petaluma. (:0u pm 10:25 ara
1:10 pm S:CB pm Santa Rosa. TM pm 1. 13 pm
Fulton,
130 am Windsor. 19 J5 aa
Htaldaburg.
Lytton,
Oeyswlll*,
1:50 pm 1:60 am doyerdal*. T:S9 pm 1:3 pra
t:SO am Hopland and
1:00 am Uklah, 1:13 pm t:t3 pra
t:M am 10:25 am
1:00 am Guernerills. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm t:tl pra
IdOva 8:00 axa Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 axa
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I:U pm 9:22 pra
T:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:13 ara
8:30 pm 8:00 pm T:S3 pm| f:22 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Bpring* and Whlta Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
(or Lytton Springs; at GeyservilU for Skagir*
Bprins*: at Clcrerdale for the Geyser*; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprinw3,
KelseyTtllo. Carlsbad Springs. Snda Bay. Lak«-
rort and Bartlett Pprincrs; at Uklah for Vichy
prlnss. Saratoga £prlTi?s. Blue Lakes. Laurel
D*tl Lake. Witter SprinKS. Upper Lakn. Porno,
Patter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley**.
Buckn«ll'a. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe. Orr'*
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brags.
Weatport. Usal. Wlllitts. LaytonvtUe. Cam*
dins'*. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Soctia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*>
4uc«d rates.
On Sunday round trio ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offlcs. tM Market St.. Chronicle bldav
SL C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Cen. Pasa. Agent.
Set-Net Fishers Caught.
The State Game and Fish Commission
ers are rejoicing over the capture of It.
P. Penney and G. W. Carr by Deputies
Cross and Kercheval last Monday. The
former is the owner of Penneys Island at
the mouth of Russian River, and for years
past the Commissioners have been satis
fied that the man was violating the fish
laws by using nets set across the stream.
In six years the deputies have confiscated
no less than, ten nets, but never have
heretofore been able to catch" the owner.
This time they caught the men in the act
of hauling In a net. The prisoners were
taken to Santa Rosa for examination and
trial. . '
CONNOR— In this city, January 10, 1300, Law-
rence Connor, beloved husband of Mary Con-
nor, and father of Thomas Connor, a native
•of County Meath, Ireland, aged 53 years and
8 months. . A member of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14. A. O. U. W.
E7 Friends 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 14, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1560 .Fell street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. Seventh . and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Golden Gate Lodsre No. 204, I. O. O.
F.. commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
EARL— In Alameda, January 10, 1900. John O.
Earl, a native of New Jersey,' aged 76 years.-
G7"Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dsy
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the -auspices of Occidental
Lodge Xo. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
EASSON-ijn this city. January 10. 1900. Mar-
caret, beloved daughter of William L. and
' Elizabeth Easson, and sister of Jessie, Isa-
bella, Mar}'. Bessie, Broderlck and William
Easxon, a native or Scotland, aged 11 years
11 rr.f.nths and 4 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:SO o'clock, from tbe residence
of her rarents, 2SO lowa Btreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townstnd streets.
GRANT— In this city, January 10. 1900, Henry
F., beloved husband of Carrie Grant, and
father of Willie and Albert Grant, a native of
the West Indies, aged 47 years.
tE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, thence fc St. Peter's
Episcopal Church, corner of Stockton and
Filbert streets, for services. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
GKASELL— In this city, January 10, 1900, Mrs.
Ollie Grasell, beloved wife of Charles Grasell.
and mother cf Fred, Charles. Oeorge. Edward
and Walter Gratell, a native of Indiana, aged
£0 years nnd 6 months.
IC7"Frlrnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2413 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ICIARONI— In this city, January 11. 1900. Caro-
lina lciaroni, beloved wife of Charles Iclar-
onl, mother of Rinaldo and Achille lciaroni.
end Flster-in-law of Mrs. R. Bulottl, a na-
tive Of Switzerland, aged 43 years 3 months
and 6 days.
C3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence, 1130 Kearny street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, January 11, 1900, Wil-
liam H.. dearly beloved husband of Bessie
Jones, a native of Ohio, aged 37 years and 8
months.
KARLSON— In this city, January 10, l? 00, John
Karison, a native of Finland, aged 45 years.
LIVINGSTON— In this city, January 11, 1900, at
St. Mary's Hospital, Louis Livingston,
brother of Michel and Luke Livingston, a
native of New York City, aged Co years.
MALECH— At his residence. 521 Van Ness ave-
nue, January 10, ISCO, Dr. Gustav Herman
Malech. beloved father of Dr. Herman F..
Theodore G. and John George Maleoh and
Mrs. William F. Clark, a native of Weida,
Sachsen Weimar, Germany, aged 80 years.
(San Jose, Cal., and Philadelphia papers
please copy.)"
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
Jnn'uary 14, at I o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F. Cremated at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
MILOVICH— In this city, January 9, 1900. Milan
Milovlch, a native of Mojdez, Boka-Kotors«a,
Austria, aged 21 years.
trr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of J. Hauan, 1707 Sacramento street, near
Polk. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. January 11, 1900, Caro-
line Leonora Moore (nee Rodgers), dearly be-
loved wife of William F. Moore, and mother
of William F. Jr. and Albert Moore, Mrs. A.
E. Walker, Mrs. A. H. Joost and the late
Frcr.k, Estelle, John and Lizzie Moore, a na-
tive of Hessen, Cassel, Germany, aged 63
years 2 months and 27 days. (Chicago papers
please copy.)
try Notice of funeral hereafter.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
January 10, 1900, John Murphy, a native of
Scotland, aged CO years.
MUPGRAVE— In Oakland, January 11, 1900,
Mit>. Margaret Musgrava. mother of Dr. Mus-
, crave of Hsnford, Mrs. Mary E. Tuck and
Mrs. Marsraret Payne, a native of Ireland.
O'CONNELL— In this city, January 10, 1900,
Daniel A. O > Connell, beioved father of Dr.
Maurice W.. Eleanor G., Lillie C. and Agnes
O'Connell and Mrs. L. J. Kerwin.
JCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 5:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 110 Devisadero street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PENDERGAST— In this city, January 11. 1900,
Thomas F.. husband of Anna Lewis Pender-
gast, and eldest son Of Mary and the late
James Pendergast, a native of Bangor, Me.
PICKETT— In this city, January 9. 1300, at her
residence, I*6l Clay street, Margaret, be-
loved wife of William Pickett. a native of
Brooklyn, N. T.
ETThe funersl will taka place this . day
(Friday) moniir.g, from St. Mary's Church,
corner California and Duront streets, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her eoul, commencing at 9:SO o'clock.
Interment private in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
RODE— In this city, January 10, 1900, George
H. Rode, beloved father of Chrlssle Rodo,
only son ot C. B. and Mary Rode, and brother
of Alice Rode. Mrs. C. C. Montague and the
late Nellie Rode, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 2 months and 8 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 647 Fourth street, thence to
¦ St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Comctcry.
6ASSELLA— In Oakland. January 10, 1900. Msry
D. Sassella. beloved wife of Peter, and mother
of Anton and Jennie Sasseila. i a native of
Switzerland, aged 46 years 6 months and 6
days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 716V4 Second Btreet, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception for
services. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
SCHILLING— In this city, January 11. 1900.
Adam J. Schilling Jr., dearly beloved son of
Anna and the late Adam Schilling, and be-
loved brother of Georee, Joseph, Sophie and
Anna Schilling and Mrs. Bertha Shelley, a
- native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 2
months and 13 days.
SCHWARZ- In this city, January 11, 1900, Edna
F. T., youngest and dearly beloved daughter
of Frank R. and Julia Schwarz. and sister
of Eva. and Adam Schwarz, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 15 days>.
EEVEHENA— In this city, January 10, 1900, at
St. Joseph's Home Hospital, Plater Maria
Foverena (Zahn), a native of Uadpn, der-
many. ated 2S yr^ars and 3 months.
Cry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), from the chapel of St. Joseph's
Home, Park. Hill, where, a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:20 o'clock
train.
WIEBALK— In Alameda, January 11, woo,
Gretchen, dearly beloved wife of the lat»
Ernest N. D. Wlebalk, mother of Mrs. F.
Rehsrnlnghausen, Augujf and Anna Wle-
balk and Mrs. C. Nold, and sister of August
Wnrnecke, Mrs. J. Plath and Mrs. F. Ke.il,
a native of Bremervorde. Germany, aeed 62
years and 19 days.
WIELAND— In. this city, January 10,' 1900,
Frances Wieland, dearly beloved daughter of
George end Anna Wieland. and beloved sister
of Anna, Charles and Frederick Detjen and
George and Albert Wieland, a native of East
Oakland, aged 2 years fi months and 10 days.
CirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents,- 419 Ivy avenue. Interment I. O
O. V. Cemetery.
ZUSSMAN— In this city, January 10, 1900
Blanche, beloved wife of Dr. ¦S. Zussman
mcther of Claire and Edmond Zussman'
daughter of Berthe nnd Isldor Lirjrnan. and
sifter of Ida and Jpan Llpman. a native of
California, aged 24 years and 6 months.
tETFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 934 Van Ness avenue. Interment New
Salem Cemetery. Please do not- send flow-
ers, as they will not be accepted.
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
472 Mountebank ....1091 ... St. Anthony 109
(603) St. Caslmlr 10» I 478 Diomed 109
Third race — One mile and one-eighth; .three
year olds and up; selling.
B?9 Topmaat 85 BS9 Scotch Plaid .... 11l
.677 Casdale 94 591 Morlnel 93
676-Einsteln 91 829 Opponent 91
Fourth race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling. > .... : .
543 Mainstay 120. ... Sokombeo 117
491 Espirando 117 614 Jennie Nev1n«...115
604 Pongo .114 607 Croker US
...Ach ;113 BC9 Hunch 113
607 Sugden 113 ... Viorls HI
352 Tourist II 11l 496 Ann Page 11l
566 Nora Ives.. 1U 607 Remus 120
697 Modwena 11l 578 Momentum 120
Fifth ' race— One mile ; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.
604 Chas. Le 8e1. ...11l 510 The Wooer 106
607 D'ke of Tork 11.111 611 Tom Cromwell..ll4
593 Col. Root 109 £92 Credo 11l
609 Hohenlohe 114 532 Loconomo 109
Sixth race — One mile and one-eighth; selling.
603 Midlan ...114! £99 Gold Baron 91
612 Dr. Marks 109 600 Sardonic 109
611 Tom Calvert 1091 606 Facade 109
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Rathgar, Dunfree, Andratus.
Second race— St. Caslmlr, St. Anthony, Moun
tebank.
Third race— Einstein, Opponent,' Topmast.
Fourth race— Ach, Croker, Sugden. 7* ::.;j ¦'.''_
Fifth race— Credo, The Wooer, Tom Cromwell.
Sixth race— Sardonic. Dr. Marks, Midlan.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. EKbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Thursday, January 11, 1900.— Thirty-fifth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track fast.
.<¦ ARRIVED. ¦
. Thursday, January 11.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. 31 hour* from
Crescent City.
BAILED.
Thursday. January 11.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, .
-'' DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Inward Jan 11—
Bktn Amelia, for Port Blakeley.
Sailed Jan 10— Chil bark Sulltelma, for Co
qulmbo. • . _
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 9. Jan 11— Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence Jan 9.
Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 11— U S stmr Bear,
hence Jan -7- _?
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 11— Schrs Pioneer
and John A, for San Franclro.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 11— Schr Annie Larsen,
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 8.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TROTTING ASSOCIATIONS.
Both Bodies Agree to Binder Their
B.ules More Uniform.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— The representa
tives of the National Trotting Association
and the American Trotting Association
were in conference here all day. They
adopted resolutions providing that all
fines, or rather penalties, imposed by
either parent association through its
members and otherwise, shall be enforced
by both associations. The resolution also
provides that neither association will re
ceive in Its membership a member of the
other association after leaving that body.
The rules of both association* are be
ing revised with a view to making them
uniform. All proceedings are subject to
the approval of th^ congresses of the'as
sociations.'
for San Pedro: schr Bailor Boy. for San Fran
cisco; bark Abby Palmer, for Adelaide.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 11— Stmr Pomona, for
Son Francisco. ¦ ¦
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jaa 10-Stmr Alllaaca.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Jan 11— Stmr Senator,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— ln port Dec 23— Br ship
Clan Galbralth. for San Francisco; Br bark
Inveresk, tur San Francisco; Chil ship Star of
Ben-ai. for Honolulu.
Chartered to load — Am baric Belmont. for
Honolulu; ship Hecla, for Honolulu; Br bark
Helen Denny, for Honolulu; Br ship Hllston.
for Honolulu; ship John C Potter, for Hono
lulu: bark Palmyra, for Honolulu; schr Pros
per, for Honolulu; bark Rufus E Wood, for
Honolulu; Br ship Australia, for Honolulu;
Haw ship Balclutha. for San Francisco: Br ship.
Bangalore, for Honolulu; bark Bigr Bonanza,
for Honolulu or San Francisco; bark Carroll
ton, for Honolulu; Br bark City of Adelaide,
for Honolulu; bark Empire, for Honolulu; ship
Florence, for Honolulu; Nor bark Fortuna. for
Honolulu; bark Gen Falrchlld. for Honolulu;
bark Harvester, for Honolulu; bark Hesper. for
Honolulu: Haw bark Himalaya, for Honolulu;
schr Honoipu, for Honolulu; schr Inca. for
Honolulu; Br bark Ivanhoe. for Honolulu or
San Francisco; Haw ship John Kna, for San
Francisco: schr Lyman D Foster, for Hono
lulu: Br rhip Mayfleld. for San Francisco: ship
Reaper, /Tor Honolulu; bark Orefron. for Hono
lulu; bUn Robert Sudden, for Honolulu: bark
Sonoma, for Honolulu; ship Standard, for
Honolulu: Haw ship Star of Italy, for Hono
lulu or San Francisco; Haw ship Star of Rus
sia, for Honolulu or San Francisco; ship Wa
chusett, for Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 25-Br bark Norfolk Island, for
San Francisco; Br ship Drummuir, for Hono
lulu; Br bark Heathfield. for San Francisco.
Nov 2S— Br bark Berwickshire, for Honolulu.
Xov 29— Br bark Aldebaran. for Honolulu. Deo
I— Nor bark Solve!*, for Honolulu. Dec J—
Bktn Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu. Dec 4—
Br bark tinwood, for Manila. Deo &— Bktn
Chehalls. for Kahulul. D*o O-Br hark Cauth
ness-shlre. for Ban Franctaco. Deo 7— Br »hlj>
Glenesslln. for Honolulu: bark Seminole, for
Honolulu. Deo S— Bark Snow & Burses*, for
San Francisco. Dee 9— Br bark East African,
for Honolulu. Dec 17— Br ship Asptce. for
Honolulu: Br ship Gen Roberta, for San Fran
cisco: bark Highlands, for Honolulu. Jaa U—
Bark HRdrn Brown, for Kahulul. ¦•, - ¦
SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec s— Br ship Lanrtnjr. for
Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Jan 10-Br «ato A*
nes Oswald, for Ipswltch.
SCILLY-Passed. Fr bark Jac<n««. haoc«
Sept IS. for Queenstrvwn.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 11— Rus« stmr Dftlnr
Vostok. for San Francisco, via Nagasaki.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 11— Fr b«xk Jao
quos. hence Rect J«.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Jaa 11. at » a m—
Br stmr Era oresa of Japan, from Hongkong
and China.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan »-etmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STBAMKRS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jaa 11— Stmr Darmstadt,
for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 11— Stmr Pena
land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Jan 11— Stmr Arcadian.
for Philadelphia, via St Johns, N F, etc.
SAN BRUNO
STAKE WON
BY THE LADY
Ezell's Filly Beat a Big
Field at Odds of
15 to J.
Fifteen three-year-olds ; started yester
day in the stake number at Tanforan over
a mile and Louis, Ezell'a flUy The Lady,
ridden by Nate Hill, earned all the glory.
It was simply nothing more than an own
ers' Jack-pot, for, being a ,-ruaranteed af
fair. It cost the .association less than an
ordinary selling purse. At the weights
anything looked to have a chance and
there was really no pronounced choice in
the betting, though Erwln enjoyed 1 a
slight call over Anjou at post time. Hill
was fortunate in getting The Lady away
In advance of the field and she showed
a clear pair of heels to tte bunch tie en
tire route, leading Advance Guard over
the line a length In 1:41 fiat. With a
stronger rider In the saddle the latter
would have won, although no fault could*
be found with little Jack Martin's worV.
Swerving badly F. W. Brode, piloted by
Morgan, took the show by half a length
from Erwin.
It was another day of upßets and uncer
tainties for the talent, horses at all sorts
of prices reaching the stand first. Ban
nockburn had the honor of being the only
winning favorite.
Once 40 to 1 in the ring. Uppercrust, a I
Prince Royal fllly. with Buchanan up,
downed the favorite. First Shot, two
lengths in the opening event. Coming
Event, an 8 to 1 chance, was third.
Barney Schreiber did enjoy a streak of
luck with Greyhurst in, the mile selling ,
run. Eddie Jones had the race in hand
with Tom Cromwell, the 1 to 2 favorite,
when he began easing up, and Bullman, j
astride the gray, beat nlm out a nose. The
judges mistrusted that Jones had been
drinking and refused to allow him to pilot
Dr. Bernay9 in the race, following. The
jockey later explained everything to the
satisfaction of the Btand and rode out the
balance of his engagements. . .
Old Meadowthorpe proved a surprise in
the mile and a quarter run. After Chimu
ra. Dr. Bernays, Forte and Dr. Marks
had breezed along the greater portion of
the distance under full-reefed sails Jen
kins, on Meadowthorpe, came with a great
rush, downing Chlmura a head. Forte
the favorite, ran unplaced. Twelve to 1
was laid agralnst the winner.
Bannockburn made quick work of his
field In the mile purse run. Starting an
11 to 20 rhance the brown horse won com
paratively easy from Malay In I:l'H4.
Rosormonde, second choice In the betting,
staid with Schrelber's horse for neatly
six furlongs, when she- "blew up" badly,
apparently being short of work.
In the closing six furlong sprint Moco
rito went the way of all the other favor
ites, losing to Ben Ledl. The latter filly
was never headed, disposing of the favor
ite by a length. Show honors fell to Jin
gle Jingle. Miss Marion and Storm King
were left at the post.
After the last race Mocorito ' was
claimed by F. \V. Doss, the owner of
Orion, getting the mare for $975. :~/- v
To-Day's Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's running
events are as follows:
First race — Three furlongs: two-year-olds.
ES7 Woeful 11l 657 Rathgar 10?
587 Carlonlan 10S ... Andratus 103
... Wardman 11l W. B. Larzelere &
Marcus Daly. Tarn- Co. St. Andrew-Otty
many-Bellnda. ana,
... Sis Levy 11l ... Dunfree 108
H. T. Griffin & Co. B. & W. Duncombe-
Fltzjames-Repartee. Free Love.
... Caylon Brown. .lll ... Briton 108
J. G. Brown & Co. J. Weber. True Brlt-
Servlce-Sunrlse 11. on-Kosclolottl.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAXUARY 12, 1900.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 ?jy. Steamers leave Broadway
I L?j!n»_- wharf. San Francisco:
' w<ro"tS9ai For Alasksn ports. 10 a. m.,
?V>*> < o^vsk Jan - '• n - "' 21 - Zi < SL Fet> -
F - '"< ,T-'-Ji ivWa s - Chan«» tocoinpany'isteaai-
iw^ll^i er " Rt Seattle.
fctfc«wS' l^S'Oi ' For Victoria, Vancouver
' (B - C ->- Pert Town^end. Peat-
tie, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 9,
11. 1! tl. 16. «, Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company's
•teamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y.; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), > p. m.. Jan.
9 14, 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Jan. 7. 11. 15, 19. 23, 17. Jl. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. . .
For San Diego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Obiipo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 5 9.. 13, 17, 21. 25. 29. Feb. 3. aad
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose de!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the light to chang*
Fteamers. railing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET orriCK —4 New Moatromery
street (Palace Hotel). <
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. fi. & N, GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
Frcir. Sr>"-sr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC S!2 First Class Including Berth
I oHC S3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Balls Jan. IS. 2S; Feb. J. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market *tre*t.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
f'xJfSSCIfLRESE P. 3. Moana sa.!l3 via
'31V53?a85. Honolulu and Auck-
& * land for Sydney Wed-
y —^ nesday. Jan. 24, at 8
§WID^ Ea T^ S for S -^ S n t oTu 1 !S
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawalf,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.; 1610 first class.
!. D. SPtiECKELS h 8303. CO., Agts., 04 Montgomtn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Frei jht 0ff1ce.327 Market St.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge. - J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
nin FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; ¦elline; maidens; three-year-old 3 and
OlU« upward; purse, $100.. '&EBM
Time— 3-16. :IS%: 7-16, :43; BV4f, 1:0$*;. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
Adam WriKht's b. f.. by Prince Royal-Undercrust.
Winner ran a game race. Jazabel will win shortly. Redwald a false alarm so far.
Uterp received backing.
Scratched— Miss Vera 91. Tom Sharkey 93, Delecta IC3, Favorito 91
£>| | SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-old* and upward; purse. $400
Time— >4, :25»4: U. :EO%; %, 1:17: mile 1:42*;. Good, start. Won first three driving.
Winner, B. Schrelber's gr.' p., by Imp. Martenhurst-Helen Scratch.
Jones on Cromwell tossed the race away. Tom Calvert showed Improvement. Indra
had speed for half th« distance.
Scratched— Grand Sachem 111.
nm THIRD RACE— One mile and quarter; selling; three-year-olds aod upward; purse.
UIZ« $400.
Time— U. :27; Mt. :53; %. 1:20*4: mile, 1:46; lHm, 2:10%. Good start.- Won first three
driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr's b. h., by Imp. Kantaka-Baby.
There was no pace, and the winner outfooted his company last furlong. Forte gave
It up. . •-•-¦.
nig FOURTH RACE— One mile; San Bruno Stakes; three-year-olds; value, $1200.
Time— M :25H", %. :499i; %, 1:14%; mile. I:4L Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. L. H. EzelVs b. f.. by Kingston-Seville.
The Lady had best racing luck. Advance Guard was best and would have won In a few
morejumps. Erwln ran a good race.' Almost left, Tar Hill made a wonderful showing.
Brode swerved badly. . . . .-.
Scratched— Limerick 102, Diomed 107, Constellator 97.
Al^t FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Time— U, :26%: %,:50%; %,' 1:15%; mile, I:4o}*. Good start. Won easily.. Second and
third driving. Winner. B. Schrelber's br. fa., by Hayden Edwards-Bettle Blaise.
Winner the class. Roeormonde short.
fti^? SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400
- Time— M. :24; ,%.' :48; %. V.Uhi. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. E Ken
nedy's eh. f., by Imp. Inverness-Bonlta. ¦
Ben Ledl consistent an usual. Last hard race «f Mocorito probably dulled her Breed
Kitty Kelly will do next time.- ' - , : ¦ ? w
Scratched— Summer 92, Yaruba 10S, Gusto 100, Choteau 93, Antolnetta 87, Tlzona 9L Genua
104, Rosalbra 110. ... » . ¦ ¦-¦..- "
COU?AONIS 6SNEBALE TRAN3ATIASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Salllnar every Thursday Instead of 4l SaC»i>
Saturday, from November 2, 1539, at ""¦^'^"-^
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. La AQUITAIXK.' Jan. 18: LA GAS-
COG NE. Jan. IS; LA NORMANDIE, Feb. 1:
LA BRETAGNE, Feb. 8. First-class to Havre.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $J3; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudsion building). New York. J.
F. FUGASM & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
11
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Urn.
ttm.
»Imf Str-;
Fin.
I
" IliettlnK.
j Jockeys. \o?. Cl.
CCS Tppercnist, 3 01 6
698 First Shot, 3 101 3
C 33 Coming Event. 3... 91 8
... Jazabel, 5 107 1
5M Ooldflnder, 3 »S S
697 Redwald, 3 96 7
688 Miss Reel, 4 103 2
63S Beautiful Bill. 3... 9S ID
... Uterp, 4 103 9
556 Cymona, 4 103 4
250 Morella. 3 9) 12
215 S»mtramlde. 8 107 11
3 H '
4 1
9 H
BH
i ! >
2 3
1 h
13 i
11
3H
2 1
6 h
6 1
8 1 '.'.'.
10
4h
7 H • ...
11 8
12 ...
1 2
2 1
3 H
4 h
6 V>
7 1
8 2
9 1
10 3
11 10
12
Buchanan .... 8 20
Hullman S-2 2
Phelan 9 8
Vlttitoe 10 15
J. Walsh 8 20
T. Walsh 4 9-3
Jenkins 3 3
Helnson S 15
Ba?slnger .... 20 20
E. Ross 6 15
Stuart 20 ICO
N. Hill 12 7
ndex. Horse. Age. W«lgrht. St.
fiOO Greyhurst. G 11l 3
fiO2 Tom Cromwell, a. ..114 1
555 Tom Calvert, 5.... ..11 l 6
G47 l^daea. 4 ..114 5
f,33 In-ira, a 124 4
E97 Colling, a 121 2
1 4
3 h
6
5 1 .
2 1
4 3
Urn- %m. Etr. Fin.
11 1 1M 2 1% lne
2h 21 lh ' 23
41 Z hi S4 3H
5 b 6 10 4 3 4 10
32 4 Hi 55 66
66' « ' 6
Betting.
Jockey*. Op. Cl.
Bullman ?... 8 11
E. Jones 7-10 1-2
J. Martin 3 4
E. Ross 10 15
Kiley 15 20
Ruiz 15 40
index. Horse. Afre. Weight. St.
CB9 Meartowthorpe, 6... 109 S
(591) Chlmura, 4 102 2
D 72 Dr. Bernays. 6 109 4
691 Fcfrte. S 109 S
693 Dr. Marks. 5 103 1
Betting.
',lra. %m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
B S 6 5 1 h Jenkins 8 13
11 11 11% 1% 2% Vittltoe 3 13-5
3n 4m 42 3 H 31 Thorpe 3 IS-5
4 114 24 3 l>i 2h 42 Bullman 1 6-5
11 32 2h 4 6 T. Walsh 20 30
¦" Bettlnu.
index. Horse. -Weight. St. y«m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(369) The Lady 103 1 1313 13 ... 11 N. HIH 8 15
576 Advance Guard 117| 6 8H 5 n 3 H ... 2 6 J. Martin 4 9
676 F. W. Erode 103 9 eh 6H 41 ... SH Morgan 15 12
604 Erwln 110 7 11 H 12 2 IH ... 4V4 Jenkins 4 16-5
(474) Anjou 115 2 21 2h 22 ... EV4 E.Jones 3 9-2
601 Tar Hill 107 15 15 • 14 3 7h ... 6 3 Vittitoe 61..>76 l ..>7
576 Bogus Bill 100 4 6h 8h 8H ... 7h Hetnson SO 60
r,S3 Bathos? "3 12 10 1 10 1 10 1 ... 8% Ruls 8 10
333 Mortgage 104 10 3b 3h 6h ... 9 2 Tullett 15 40
M 4 Sam Dannenbaum.. 93 13 9% 13 2 12 2 ... 10 1 Basßincer 100 100
(-.94) Wallenstflln 103 8 12 1 7 H 113 ... 11 1 • Spencer ....... 6 9
636 Hindoo Princess.... loo 5 7% 9H 9^4 ••• 1! T. AValsh 15- 30
r.94 Punello .......100 14 14 11 Vi 14 ... 13 J.Walsh 20 60
(C 97) Nance O1O 1 Neil 92 11 13 15 15 ... 14 Phelan 15 40
646 Bee Jiee 112 3 4 1 4 1 13 " ... 15 Thorpe ........ 8 13
ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.iSt.
;ndex. Horse. Age. "Weight. St. Mm.
601 Bannockburn, 6 1M 4. 2 3
(567) Malay. 4 106 2 4
603 Imp. Mistral 11, 8... 109 3 3 J
542 Rosormond* 1 , 6 109 1 ¦ 1 % •
¦«m.
Hm..
Ing
3 n
4
2 3
%m.
"TF"
4
3 2
Km.
" Str.
1 1
2 4
4
3h
' Str-
. ¦ Bettlnc.
Fin. Jockeys. . Op. Cl.
1 1 Bullman 1-2 11-20
26 Vlttltoe 6 8
8 H Bassinscr 40 80
_'4 Jenkins ....... 6-2 6-2
In&ex. Horse. -'Age. Weight.jSt.
Urn.
Urn.
Hm.
«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. ¦
T
Jockeys.
•I Betting.
Op. Cl.
¦ ins-
Cl.
571 Ben Led), 4 ...102 3 .
KM . Mocorito. 5. ....... ...113 2
CBl Jingle Jingle. 4 IWI 6
570 Whltcomb. 6 .;..107 1
202 Kitty Kelly. 3...... .100 4
... Orion.' 5 ..........105 6
CM Storm King, 0..... ..112 Left
681 Mis* Marlon, 4 104 Left
1 tt
2V4
5 4
4 2
3 1
6
11
S 10
41 : '
3 S
6
1 H
2 3
4 1
' ' 6 10 "
8 1
6
1 1 lE. Ross 3
2 2 J. Martin...... t~
3 h Jonklna 15
4 3 E. J0ne5...... 10
610 I. Powell 15
6 Thorpe (
Conlcy <:
Bullman ...... -J.J,
3
6-5
.25
12
20
Z<)
8
a
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Urn.
ttm.
»Imf Str-;
Fin.
I
" IliettlnK.
j Jockeys. \o?. Cl.
CCS Tppercnist, 3 01 6
698 First Shot, 3 101 3
C 33 Coming Event. 3... 91 8
... Jazabel, 5 107 1
5M Ooldflnder, 3 »S S
697 Redwald, 3 96 7
688 Miss Reel, 4 103 2
63S Beautiful Bill. 3... 9S ID
... Uterp, 4 103 9
556 Cymona, 4 103 4
250 Morella. 3 9) 12
215 S»mtramlde. 8 107 11
3 H '
4 1
9 H
BH
i ! >
2 3
1 h
13 i
11
3H
2 1
6 h
6 1
8 1 '.'.'.
10
4h
7 H • ...
11 8
12 ...
1 2
2 1
3 H
4 h
6 V>
7 1
8 2
9 1
10 3
11 10
12
Buchanan .... 8 20
Hullman S-2 2
Phelan 9 8
Vlttitoe 10 15
J. Walsh 8 20
T. Walsh 4 9-3
Jenkins 3 3
Helnson S 15
Ba?slnger .... 20 20
E. Ross 6 15
Stuart 20 ICO
N. Hill 12 7
ndex. Horse. Age. W«lgrht. St.
fiOO Greyhurst. G 11l 3
fiO2 Tom Cromwell, a. ..114 1
555 Tom Calvert, 5.... ..11 l 6
G47 l^daea. 4 ..114 5
f,33 In-ira, a 124 4
E97 Colling, a 121 2
1 4
3 h
6
5 1 .
2 1
4 3
Urn- %m. Etr. Fin.
11 1 1M 2 1% lne
2h 21 lh ' 23
41 Z hi S4 3H
5 b 6 10 4 3 4 10
32 4 Hi 55 66
66' « ' 6
Betting.
Jockey*. Op. Cl.
Bullman ?... 8 11
E. Jones 7-10 1-2
J. Martin 3 4
E. Ross 10 15
Kiley 15 20
Ruiz 15 40
index. Horse. Afre. Weight. St.
CB9 Meartowthorpe, 6... 109 S
(591) Chlmura, 4 102 2
D 72 Dr. Bernays. 6 109 4
691 Fcfrte. S 109 S
693 Dr. Marks. 5 103 1
Betting.
',lra. %m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
B S 6 5 1 h Jenkins 8 13
11 11 11% 1% 2% Vittltoe 3 13-5
3n 4m 42 3 H 31 Thorpe 3 IS-5
4 114 24 3 l>i 2h 42 Bullman 1 6-5
11 32 2h 4 6 T. Walsh 20 30
¦" Bettlnu.
index. Horse. -Weight. St. y«m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(369) The Lady 103 1 1313 13 ... 11 N. HIH 8 15
576 Advance Guard 117| 6 8H 5 n 3 H ... 2 6 J. Martin 4 9
676 F. W. Erode 103 9 eh 6H 41 ... SH Morgan 15 12
604 Erwln 110 7 11 H 12 2 IH ... 4V4 Jenkins 4 16-5
(474) Anjou 115 2 21 2h 22 ... EV4 E.Jones 3 9-2
601 Tar Hill 107 15 15 • 14 3 7h ... 6 3 Vittitoe 61..>76 l ..>7
576 Bogus Bill 100 4 6h 8h 8H ... 7h Hetnson SO 60
r,S3 Bathos? "3 12 10 1 10 1 10 1 ... 8% Ruls 8 10
333 Mortgage 104 10 3b 3h 6h ... 9 2 Tullett 15 40
M 4 Sam Dannenbaum.. 93 13 9% 13 2 12 2 ... 10 1 Basßincer 100 100
(-.94) Wallenstflln 103 8 12 1 7 H 113 ... 11 1 • Spencer ....... 6 9
636 Hindoo Princess.... loo 5 7% 9H 9^4 ••• 1! T. AValsh 15- 30
r.94 Punello .......100 14 14 11 Vi 14 ... 13 J.Walsh 20 60
(C 97) Nance O1O 1 Neil 92 11 13 15 15 ... 14 Phelan 15 40
646 Bee Jiee 112 3 4 1 4 1 13 " ... 15 Thorpe ........ 8 13
ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.iSt.
;ndex. Horse. Age. "Weight. St. Mm.
601 Bannockburn, 6 1M 4. 2 3
(567) Malay. 4 106 2 4
603 Imp. Mistral 11, 8... 109 3 3 J
542 Rosormond* 1 , 6 109 1 ¦ 1 % •
¦«m.
Hm..
Ing
3 n
4
2 3
%m.
"TF"
4
3 2
Km.
" Str.
1 1
2 4
4
3h
' Str-
. ¦ Bettlnc.
Fin. Jockeys. . Op. Cl.
1 1 Bullman 1-2 11-20
26 Vlttltoe 6 8
8 H Bassinscr 40 80
_'4 Jenkins ....... 6-2 6-2
In&ex. Horse. -'Age. Weight.jSt.
Urn.
Urn.
Hm.
«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. ¦
T
Jockeys.
•I Betting.
Op. Cl.
¦ ins-
Cl.
571 Ben Led), 4 ...102 3 .
KM . Mocorito. 5. ....... ...113 2
CBl Jingle Jingle. 4 IWI 6
570 Whltcomb. 6 .;..107 1
202 Kitty Kelly. 3...... .100 4
... Orion.' 5 ..........105 6
CM Storm King, 0..... ..112 Left
681 Mis* Marlon, 4 104 Left
1 tt
2V4
5 4
4 2
3 1
6
11
S 10
41 : '
3 S
6
1 H
2 3
4 1
' ' 6 10 "
8 1
6
1 1 lE. Ross 3
2 2 J. Martin...... t~
3 h Jonklna 15
4 3 E. J0ne5...... 10
610 I. Powell 15
6 Thorpe (
Conlcy <:
Bullman ...... -J.J,
3
6-5
.25
12
20
Z<)
8
aKilled Herself While Insane.
Coroner Colo held an inquest yesterday
morning on the body of Teresa Strebing
er, who committed suicide last Tuesday
at her home. 739 Green street, by Inhaling
Illuminating gas. The jury returned a
verdict of suicide while temporarily In
sane. '
Mme. Nevada's Programme.
The programme for Emma Nevada's
concert to take place at the California
Theater this afternoon at 2:30 Is as fol
lows:
(a) Romance (Rubinstein), (b) Valse
(Gull!), Mr. Pratt; mad scene from "Lu
cia" (Donizetti) Mme. Nevada; (a) Ro
mance (Davidoff); (b) Serenade Badine
(Gabriel Marie), Mr. Blumenberg; (a)
Humoreska (Berger), (b) Widmung (Schu
mann-Liszt). Mr. Pratt; (a) "A Tale of
Two Apples"— first time— (Laura Sodg
wick Collins), (b) "You and I" (Liza Loh
man), (c) "Vogel lm Walde" (Taubert),
Mine. Nevada; (a) Begegnung, (b) Span-
If Dance (Popper). Mr. Blumenberg;
Rondo Sonambula, Mme. Nevada.
DAUGHTER IS GUARDIAN
OF TOO GENEROUS FATHER
FIFTT thousand dollars Riven away to strangers, friends and distant
relative* within the pa*t year is the record that caused Judge Troutt
yesterday to appoint Ella R. Smith guardian of the person and es
tate of her father. Robert Wilson.
Wilson is the owner of the Vienna Bakery and restaurant at 205
K>arny ptrert and. In addition, holds title to property on Valencia
street, between Eightc-er.th and Nineteenth; a large block of land at the
corner of Second and Point Lobos avenues and a large amount of money
in bank. Mrs. Smith filed an application yesterday morning to be appoint
ed Kvardian of the person and esnate of tho aeing capitalist on the ground
that his mind was falling and. with It. his estate through his desire to
or.rich these with whom he came in contact. Shortly after the filing of the
petition the matter was called for hearing by Judge Troutt. Mrs. Smith
took the Ftar.d and told the Ftory of her father's falling mind and the man
ner in which he had given away $53,000 in gold and securities during the
last twelve months. She said that unless some responsible person were ap
pointed to care for his property he would give It all away. Notwithstand
ing his generosity, he still is the owner of property valued at $100,000, and
was preparing to negotiate for its disposal when the petition to restrain him
was filed.
After Mrs. Smith left the stand. Wilson, who was in the corridor, was
brought into court and questioned. Well along In years and uncertain in
his movements, it was very evident that he was not of sound mind.
"I Intend to give, my daughter my bakery." he said, "but she has no
right to interfere In my private affairs. I met a man at Valle.Jo-I don't
remember who he was»— and gave him some money, and this made my daugh
ter angry. She can have her share, but she must not interfere with me
as I am perfectly able to dispose of my funds and take care of myself
without assistance."
Just who Is In possession of the various portions Into which the miss
ing £k,,000 was divided was not made dear during the examination, but suf
ficient evidence was forthcoming to convince Judge Troutt that In order to
protect the old man's estate, a guardian must be appointed. He calmed
the aged capitalist and said that he would take the matter under advise
ment, and Mr. Wilson left the courtroom satisfied. As soon as he was out-
Fide, Judge Troutt made the order appointing Mrs. Smith his guardian and
tixed her bonds at TiS.OOO. She Immediately notified the banks and took pos
session of his business, which she will manage until he recovers his mental
equilibrium or is summoned by death. ¦-¦:.¦;¦ •
SAM RAINEY HAS
BEEN DISPLACED
BY NED LANIGAN
New Fire Boss Looms
in Sight.
JOHN GRADY FOR A PARTNER
COMBINATION FORMED TO DOWN
GEORGE MAXWELL
Sam Rainey, the old time boss of the
Fire Department, has been betrayed and
dethroned, but the signs of the hour In
dicate that a new fire boss has arisen.
Perhaps the situation could bes better de
scribed by saying that an old boss ha 3
been resurrected and that old timer Is
Ned Lanigan.
The reappearance of Ned Lanigan, arm
in-arm with John H. Grady, recalls to the
rounders the fact that the new boss was
deputy In the office of the Tax Collector
when Qradywag Collector. Lanigan also
made a stubborn fight to install Grady In
the License Collector's office, but lost the
battle. The reverse did not diminish the
ardor of Lanigan In the cause of Grady.
When the battle came on to elect dele
gates to the late Democratic Municipal
Convention Lanigan united his forces
with those of Rainey in the Forty-first
District and went into the fray shouting
for Phelan and good government under
the new charter. Buckley was recognized
then as the arch enemy of Phelan.
It was not apprehended by Rainey that
Lanigan would use the victory to even
up an old grudge against the Maxwells,
but now the suspicion arises in the camp
of the reformers that Lanigan has en
listed the services of Fire Commissioner
Grady to destroy Maxwell.
It is said that D. 1. Mahoney has been
drawn into close relations with Grady,
and that the two have Joined hands to
exclude Maxwell from the favor of the
commission.
Mr. Mahoney was brought Into the com
mission because of former close associa
tion In non-partisan conventions with
Frank J. Sullivan. Mayor Phelan's pre
cious brother-in-law.
In knltlng Maxwell Mahoney is exe
cuting the Phelan programme. Colonel
Mike Hecht, another member of the com
mission, shows an inclination to reinforce
Grady and Mahoney.
Citizens who fancied that the Fire De
partment, under the new charter, would
be kept out of politics may be prepared
for a grievous disappointment. Lanigan
has a pull that the commission is not in
clined to. ignore.
Acting Chief of Police Blggy is Ptlll at
it In Chinatown, swinging the ax into so
cial gambling club doors and gathering
In the denizens of the Nymphia. who
regard his moral sweeping with an indif
ference that Is doubling the labors of the
temporary Chief. All yesterday there
was an air cf unrest in the Chinatown
district and when Biggy, accompanied by
Captain Wlttman, appeared on the scene
last night a crowd was at his heels
watching for developments.
The hammering and battering in of
doors on the night previous taught the
Chinese gamblers a fleeting lesson. Fol
lowing out the orders of the new Chief
they unfastened their doors, so the police
might have ready and easy access to
the rooms above If they so desired to visit
them. But the "guests" of the Hotel
Nymphia and the occupants of Bacon
place did not display ei;ch a laudable de
slro to acquiesce in the orders of the
Chief.
The cases of the women arrested
Wednesday night came up before Police
Judge Conlan yesterday, and by consent
were continued until Saturday. The ball
was fixed at $150 per capita, and JSSCO waa
pledged in bonds for the release of the
women. When they gained their liberty
they Immediately made tracks to their
former haunts, and last night the lights
again blazed from the wickets.
The second raid on the Nymphia oc
curred about 9:30 o'clock last night. Chief
Biggy and Captain Wlttman with about
thirty officers raided the so-called hotel,
and the inmates were once more carted
off to the City Prison on the same charge
as before. It Is the intention of the Chief
to repeat this raiding performance every
night until the courts decide the ques
tion.
Uacon place still thrives, but a time
limit has been placed upon the occupancy
of these dens by the women who exist
there. When this time elapses out they
will go. Last night two olficers stood
guard at the entrace. demanding the
names of all who entered. This In a
measure kept the alley free from visitors.
Not only Is this moral pest the source
of much labor to the acting Chief. He Is
equally determined to clean out all Chi
nese gambling denp. With this end In
view two new squads of officials have
been added to the Chinatown patrol. Un
der Sergeant McManus are John
Galloway. Tom Burke. Dan Lyons
and George Collins: under Sergoant
Tom Ellis are William E. E. Rice.
Robert L. Norton, E. C. Robinson
and Nell Reardon. Sergeant Duke com
mands the regular Bquaa which has been
dolnir service In Chinatown for some time.
O f-O^O'^O^O^ O <•> O •$> O 4>O^O^O4>O«A
«> <5
o Strange girl, Lillio Young. ?
o Beally a remarkable case! £
g What -will she do next? No °
<s> one can tell. The story of o
o what she has done will appear £
o on the' front page of Sunday's <»
| CalL o
0»0<3>0<3>0<»0<»0 ? O ? o<»o<s>o<so«>o<so
the match will not be decided In Eng
land. The recent offer of $3000 made by
the National Sporting Club of London tar
a twenty-round bout between the pair
which was accepted conditionally by Man
ager Sam Harris for McGovern has been
increased to JiJOOO, according to Harris
and an offer has been made by a New
York club. This has been submitted to
Jordan s manager, with the suggestion
that he accept It.
To-day articles were signed for a twen
ty-round go between Jack "Ward of New
ark and McGovern. to take place at the
Eureka Athletic Club. Baltimore. January
GOOD THINGS ASTRAY.
Track Heavy and Many Surprises at
New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. IL— The track
was heavy this afternoon and most of the
good things went astray. Lord Fairfax,
which landed the first race, was the only
winning favorite. Resulta:
P J X / artor K»— Lord Fairfax won. Bamtot sec
ond. Scottish Grit third. Time. 1:13.
On« mile— Tlekful won. Barney F »econd.
The Bobby third. Time. 1:47.
Felling:, one mil* and three-etyhth^Jtonon
jrah won, Pancharm second, Ethedorpha third
Time. 2:27^*.
Selling, seven furlongrs— Colonel Cassldy won.
Jim Hogg second. Trebor third. Time. IS2
Selling, one mile and twenty yards— Judire
Ste^htX-^nfr^r " ocond -
• .
New Racket Champion.
BOSTON, Jan. 11.-George Standlrsp.
American professional racket champion,
defeated Peter Latham, world's champion,
to-day on the Boston Athletic Association
court three straight games— ls-«. 15-9. 16-13.
Latham, as champion, conceded Standing
three aces, but without this handicap tha
American would have won his match by
superior play. From the first Standing
outplayed his opponent.
i Ann Old rs# e y no '^ s °f New York, a graduate
J - • . nurse, has returned to our store and is
:Knil* giving valuable lectures daily on the
": £OOdS» celebrated t Arnold knit goods and
: & . baby dressing, women will profit greatly
Iby hearing her. all are invited to come in at any time.
: she will give you her personal attention and the benefit
: of her years of experience in the correct dressing of in-
j fants. here are a few of the Arnold specialties :
: ladies' lounging robes $2.75 to $3.50
ladies' dressing sacques $1.00
ladies' gauze drawers s*6c to 75c
ladies' skirts, domet flannel , ,90c
ladies' serviettes and belts.
knit nigfit robes for children, sizes 2 to tO
years 50c to $1.75
short flannel skirts 65c to 90c
ClO3 k s P ec ' a ' sa ' e °f women's cloaks and jackets
now going on. remarkably low prices for
S3IC» such fine goods.
if we please you, tell others; if we don't, tell ns.
/ikes. " ' . — store.
4- + 035-947 Market Street. + <•
Will Fight in America.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— If Terry McGov
ern and Ben Jordan ever come together
Injured in an Elevator.
Minerva Lyon, who was seriously In
jured In an elevator accident In the Hotel
Savoy on October 12 last, appeared In
Superior Judge Cook's court yesterday to
prosecute her suit against the managers
Japanese Servant Arrested.
T. Muryama, a Japanese servant at the
rwildonco of C. C. Leo, 33 Stockton street,
wan arrested yesterday afternoon by De
toctlvo McMnhon and booked at the City
Prison on v charge of grand larceny. He
I* accused of stealing a purse containing
*Co and two diamond rings belonging to
nla employer.
w*jllJ.'J'i" "i ' T J' f+'^^jjd it • #¦* «* ¦ m
EIES3S!Ii church
Deny That She Was Sane.
The suit Instituted by Ernest Lang
against tho French Savings Bonk to re
cover JlOOO on an alleged assignment made
by Mrs. P. C. Trusseau some months prior
to her death, which occurred May 23, IS9'J,
was commenced yesterday before Judge
Lahrs. Kobert "VV. King, administrator of
her estate, on behalf of decedent's hus
band, contests Long's right to the money
now on deposit in the bank on the ground
that the plnlntlff secured the assignment
when Mrs. Trusseuu was of unsound mind
through protracted illness. Yesterday's
session was taken up by the examination
of witnesses to establish the amount of
monoy in bank nnd tho status of the liti
gants. Tho trial will proceed to-day.
Dr. Parker* ¦ CouKh Cure. One dos« will »top
a cough. Never fall*. Try It. All drusrstsu.
Fancy Glassware
Bargains.
It*« Worth Vobt
Coming Just to See. %
Great American Imnortiiiff Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere
zoo Stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHOYNSKI
SAYS HE WILL
BEST McCOY
Latter Is Fully as Confident
That He Will Be the
Victor*
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Many of the out
of-town sporting men who came here to
see the battle for the feather-weight
championship between Terry McGovern
and George Dixon have remained over to
witness the twenty-five round mill be
tween "Kid" McCoy and Joe Choynski.
which Is to be decided In the ring of the
Broadway Athletic Club to-morrow night.
This will be the third meeting of these
men. McCoy gained a decision over
Choynski In a twenty-round bout decided
in San Francisco, while a six-round con
test between them In Chicago recently
was decided a draw.
McCoy's recent defeat of Peter Maher
In a masterly fashion puts him much the
favorite over Choynslci, who. however,
has always proved himself to be a tough
proposition. Chcyuskl claims to have Im
proved greatly and to be stronger than
ever, while McCoy Is ten pounds heavier
than he was when he last met the Cali
fornlan in the ring and quite as agile and
clever as he ever was. McCoy feels aa
confident as evor of putting Choynski out.
and the Calif ornlan said to-night of his
chances:
"I will be there to win. McCoy's vic
tory over Maher does not scare me In the
least." .. ..'. ¦
HARADA'S LOST LEG.
The Japanese Student Wants Twenty
Thousand Dollars' Damages.
United States District Judge Bellinger
of Portland, Or., is sitting In the United
States Circuit Court In this city to relieve
Judge Morrow, who Is engaged In prepar
ing opinions on cases In the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals.
Judge Bellinger was occupied yesterday
In hearing testimony In the suit of Jiro
Harada, a Japanese student of statesman
ship, against the Southern Pacific Com
pany to recover $20,000 damages for the
loss of a leg and three fingers In the fail
of IS9S by being run over by a local train
at the crossing of Park and Everett
streets, Alameda.
Attorney Bert Schlesinger and Assist
ant United States Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth appear for the plaintiff and
Frank McGowan for the defendant cor
poration. The defense is contributory
negligence on the part of Harada. During
the morning session one of the Jurors
John F. Thornton of 1717 Green street, was
seized with an attack of nervous prostra
tion and waa unable to remain in the
courtroom. In order to avoid the delay
that would be caused by the selection of
a new Juror counsel on both sides agreed
to try the case with the eleven remaining'
Jurors.
It is expected that the case will be given
to the Jury this afternoon.
STATE PRISON
DIRECTOR TO
BE APPOINTED
Hayes' Term Expires
This Month.
SONNTAG IS A CANDIDATE
EXTRA SESSION WORK DONE BY
BROTHER HENRY.
Extra session advocates were active yes
terday. Many of the petitioners of the
commercial class were shown the way to
Governor Gage's rooms at the Palace
Hotel, and there told him why they re
quested an extra session of the Legisla
ture. The Governor did .not tell the pe
titioners when the proclamation would be
Issued. Before leaving for Sacramento
Gage passed an hour at the office of the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners.
It must not be inferred that all the
callers at the Palace yesterday were
pressing for an extra session. Many poli
ticians had other fish to fry. It is quite
well known that the ten-year term, of
Daniel E. Hayes as Prison Director ex
pires this month. Various sorts of pres
sure have been brought to bear on the
Governor to persuade him to appoint
Charles Sonntag to succeed him on the
board. On the other hand, prominent In
fluences have been invoked to induce the
executive to reappolnt Hayes.
It 13 fresh in the minds of the public
that Henry P. Sonntag of the North End
Improvement Club recently displayed con
spicuous energy in procuring signatures
for an extra session of the Legislature.
A rambling letter from the executive de
partment of the State government ac
knowledging receipt of the petition was
addressed to H. P. Sonntag. The stock of
Charles Sonntag. candidate for Prison
Director, advanced quite rapidly when the
contents of the Governors letter were
made known. Nothing, of course, was
said of prison affairs in the letter, but
politicians Jumped at the conclusion that
H. P. Sonntag was helping Gage to
smooth the way for an extra session, and
as a matter of reciprocity Gage would
make it easy for Sonntag's brother to get
on the Prison Board again.
Leading men of the State have said
many good words of the service rendered
on the board by Mr. Hayes. His Integ
rity and sound business Judgment are re
garded as valuable attainments. He Is a
Republican and therefore from a political
point of view eligible for another term.
No doubt other applicants are in the fields
The Governor may find Mr. Hayes* suc
cessor south of Tehachapi near the spot
where Adjutant General Beamans and
Warden Apuirre were discovered.
of the hotel. Abraham Aronson. V. Meni
sinl and A. Hesthal. to recover $20,000
damages for the injuries received. The
plaintiff said that her head still pained
her at times. She told her story regard
ing the accident and was still on the stand
when an adjournment was taken.
Fifty-two of the Chinese arrested Wed
nesday evening were before Judge Conlan
yesterday and their cases were continued
till Tuesday. Twenty-seven appeared be
fore Judge Mogan and their cases will be
heard to-day.
While Ulggy and Wlttman were giving
orders to round up the inmates of the
Nymphia last night Attorney L. C. Pls
tolesi, who represents the women, came
In contact with the police and he was
forcibly ejected by an order of Captain
Wlttman. Pistolesl threatens an action
for battery against the police captain.
The wind-up of the work last night was
a rummaging of the highbinders' quarters
In the search for weapons.
Late last night the women arrested at
the Nymphia were released on bonds fur
nished by Sam Blumenberg of the Twink
ling Star Improvement Company and his
mother.
DESERTED WIFE'S CHASE.
airs. Ella Ongrnnn Released From
Her Recreant Spouse by
Judsre Belcher.
Arotner oi Lncie fcam s insKy soldiers
has been before the bar of a local court,
but this time it was the divorce court.
Kila Ongman was granted an absolute de
cree of divorce yesterday from Axel Ong
man. who appears to be as fickle In love
£5 he is in war. The wife told a tale of
marital woe that began in Salt Lake City
and ended in a hair-pulling-, face-scratch
ing encounter in Golden Gate Park. Mrs.
Ongman declared that no shadow had
rome between her and tier husband until
the war broke out and he enlisted to go
to Manila.
Pone time after she discovered that her
patriotic spouse had not pone to Manila,
tut was breaking feminine hearts in this
city. She followed him to this city and
found him very much In the company of
a fair Miss Apusta Lundin. The wife met
the pair in the park and claims that they
t>oth assaulted her. This was the story
the told Judge Belcher yesterday after
noon, and he granted her a decree on the
ground cf desertion.
GENEVIEVE GREEN WEDS
California Girl Married to Rodgers
Kendrick Hamilton in London.
Miss Oenevievo Green, daughter of ex-
Furveyor Genera! W. S. Green of Colus.i.
was married in lender, on December 19
of last year to Rodsrf-rs K^ndrick Hamil
ton of that city. Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton
¦will spend tho winter in the south of
France and in Epypt. and will afterward
take up thedr residence in the Britian
capital. Th^ bride is •well known in this
city and Cnlu?a. and during the past year
many of her articles from
various European centers have appeared
Jn The Call.
Symphony Society Does Politics
A m^tir.R of the San Francisco Sym
phony Society was railed to order by Dr.
11. J. Stewart >vFt*>rday afternoon at
Eherman & Clay Hall: After the report
ef the secretary, which showed among
ether things that there was a balance of
51306 In the treasury, had been read, it
vn£g announced that there were five va
cancies in the directorate and that nom
inations would he in order. Mrs. J. JJ
Odell FUbmitted th* names of Mrs. Hearst"
Mrs. Gowie and Mrs. Odell, whereupon
Mrs. Tucker cnt^rrd a formal protest
esrainKt the ac-'-ptance of ladlrs' nam^s
Cs?prtirg that it had been agreed at a
former meeting that none but men should
eerve as ofilcers of the eoclety.
Secretary Wheeler stated that since
that time the San Francisco Symphony
Society had been duly incorporated under
the laws of the State, and that therefore
women as well as men were entitled to
STye as officers. The names of Robert
Tolmie and Dr. Taylor were then placed
in nomination by the Odell forces, and the
motion for a ballot was carried.
Mrs. Odell v. as not only armed vrlth
printed tickets, but exploded a lyddite
cnargQ In the form of numerous proxies,
which spread consternation in the camp
of the regulars and carried the day for
her sex and faction. The five directors
placed in nomination were declared elect
ed, and now there Is talk of wholesale
resignations. What 1b to be done with the
funds of the society remains to be seen.
Invitations and announcements printed
and engraved; fine writing papers, tablets
and papeterles in our stationery depart-
ment. Best values. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Sneak Thief Caught.
James Ray. a waiter, 26 years old, was
caught yesterday morning coming out of
the room of F. L. Horning in the New
Western Hotel and was taken to the Cali
fornia street police station, where a
search revealed that he had stolen the
«ro!d watch of Mr. Horning. The cloth
ing worn by Ray waa afterward identified
as being the property of two roomers In
the hotel. Charges of petty larceny were
lodged against him.
POLICE JUDGES
DRAW THE SHORT
AND LONG TERMS
Cabaniss and Mogan
Made Happy,
THEY ARE ON THE LONG END
QUESTION OP "DEUNZS" AND
"0. B'S" STLLI, UNSETTLED.
The suspense under which the four Po
lice Judges have been laboring since the
election to determine which would have
the long and short terms of four years
and two years was ended yesterday
afternoon. As a result, two are anath
ematizing their bad luck, while the other
two are all smiles.
Judge Murasky was selected as referee
and the drawing took place in his court
room between 1 and 2 o'clock. The
method selected was to have four envel
opes, each containing the name of a
Judge, put in a ballot box. and four en
velopes containing a slip with the term
written on it were put in another ballot
box. Judge Murasky drew one of the en
velopes from each box and placed them
together. Then each pair waa opened.
The first to know his fate was Judge
Fritz, who got a two-year term. He
plainly showed his disappointment, but
accepted his fate like a man. Judge Ca
baniss then drew one of the lucky "fours"
and Judge Mogan drew the other. Judge
Conlan knew what was In the other en
velopes, but to make the drawing com
plete they were opened and he. of course'
got the other two-year term.
The amount at stake was two years
salary— s72oo— and the cost of running for
otflce at the next election, which, com
bined, waa something to be anxious
about.
The Police Judges are now a unit In re
gard to the disposal of the "drunks" and
the issuance of "O. B.'s." It was in
tended to have a meeting yesterday to
see if an understanding could not be ar
rived at with the acting Chief of Police
and the District Attorney, but It was not
held.
Judge Fritz set an example yesterday.
Mrs. Elizabeth Hart was arrested Wed
nesday night at Powell and O'Farrell
streets by Policeman Sylvester on charges
of vagrancy and "drunk." She remained
in prison all night and appeared yester
day morning before Judge Fritz. The ar
resting officer was not present and the
Judge had to continue both cases till thi3
morning. Mrs. Hart's attorney told the
court that she was a respectable woman
and lived in San Mateo. She had come
to the city for a day and was on the way
to her temporary lodging when arrested.
The Judge, under the circumstances,
fixed her bail on the vagrancy charge at
$20 and on the "drunk" charge at 5 cents,
saying he did not believe in keeping her
another day In prison on a "drunk"
charge simply because the officer was not
in court to testify.
Judge Cabanlss says he has no objec
tion to having the "drunks" in his court,
but sees no necessity for having a com
plaint drawn up and sworn to by the ar
resting officer.
POLICE STILL ACTIVE IN
THE CHINATOWN DISTRICT
Acting Chief Biggy and Captain
Wittman With Assistants Re
. peat Their Raids.
Women of the Nymphia Again Lodged in Jail.
Continued Attempts to Stamp Out Gam
bling in Mongolian Dens.
LADY MANAGERS
INDIGNANT OVER
AN IMPOSITION
Children's Hospital as
a Mask.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS HELD
•
Warm Praise for Mrs. Alexander and
Mrs. Claus Spreckels for Their
Liberal Charitable Dona
tions.
"When we consider that the work I
have briefly attempted to sketch has been
largely that of women, I think the capa
city of our sex for the care and manage
ment of extensive business and dharltable
affairs cannot be successfully disputed."
This was the concluding paragraph In
the address of Mrs. Willard B. Harring
ton, president of the board of lady man
agers of the Hospital for Children and
Training School for Nurses, delivered yes
terday at tho annual election of officers.
Vigorous handclapping demonstrated
that the other ladles thought the claim
justified.
After reviewing the history of the insti
tution from the beginning, Mrs. Harring
ton proved by figures that it Is no longer
an experiment. While the receipts from
1575 to 18S7 were only $64,000. from the lat
ter date until the present time they have
amounted to more than $450,000. Special
attention was drawn to the Alexander
Maternity Home, donated and largely sup
ported by Mrs. Alexander, and to the
Homo for Nurses, which is fast nearlng
completion. In mentioning this new build
ing Mrs. Harrington took occasion to say
that its large and well-eQuipped laundry
waa made a possibility by Mrs. Claus
Spreckels, who defrayed the entire cost.
The report of Mrs. F. H. Green, the
treasurer, Bhowed the total receipts for
last year to havo been $54,880 10; expenses,
$52,030 60; cash on hand January 1, 1900,
for current expenses, $2952 27, and for the
nurses' k home, $3379 78.
Mrs. Emma C. Lafontalne, secretary of
the dispensary staff, furnished a report
stating that during JS99 tho total number
of women and children registered In clin
ics was 47C, and the total number of pa
tients treated during the same year was
2649.
Superintendent J. Myrta Newbury gave
the number of nurses now In the training
school as forty-six. Twenty-five have
completed the two years' course. There
were 267 applications to enter the school
last year, only thirty-four being accepted.
The report of the secretary, Mrs. L. L.
Dunoar, specified that the average num
ber of children received a month during
the year IS'39 was 109. Names of new life
members are Mrs. 1.-W. Hellman, Master
Alfred T. Meyer, Henry Horstmann, Mrs.
Sigmond Schloss and Mrs. Henry Payot.
Six new beds have been endowed, desig
nated as the "Auxiliary," the "Chrysan
themum," the "Michael Schussler," the
"Emanu-El Sisterhood," the "Columbia
Grammar School" and the "Lester Schwa
bacher" beds. Bequests were made by
Harris I. Martin, $2000; estate of Charles
Pace, $452, and estate of Robert Bright.
$423. The most significant paragraph in
Mrs. Dunbar's report was as follows:
In addition to the entertainments given
during the year under the supervision of
the hospital one or two other entertain
ments were advertised as being given for
the benefit of the hospital, but we received
nothing from them, the receipts probably
being consumed by the expenses. Such en
tertainments are a detriment, giving tho
public the false Impression that the hoe
pltal Is being benefited, as no statement Is
made to the contrary. It seems almost Im
possible to prevent the hospital's name b«
ing thus used.
The annual election of officers resulted
in the selection of the following to serve
for the ensuing year:
Officers— President. Mrs. W. B. Harring
ton; vice presidents. Mrs. William Hardy
and Mrs. J. F. Merrill; recording secretary.
Mm. I-i. L- Dunbar; corresponding secre
tary. Mrs. Henry Bottaln; treasurer. Mrs.
F. H. Green.
Managers— Mrs. W. B. Harrington. Mrs.
William Hardy. Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs.
J. H. Dickinein. Mrs. George F. Grant.
Mrs. Henry Bothln, Mrs. F. A. Frank,
Mrs. James Watt Kerr. Mrs. W. T. Fonda,
Mrs. Wendell Easton. Mrs. C. B. Alexander,
Mrs. H. M. Fiske. Mrs. F. H. Green, Mrs.
A. C. Rulofson. Mrs. Mary Kohl, Mrs. I.
N. Walter, Mrs. N. D. Rideout, Mrs. Holla
V. Watt. Mrs. J. F. Merrill, Mrs. C. E.
Holme*. Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Antolne
Borel, Miss Frances M. Doyle, Mrs. H. B.
Montague, Mrs. Alice Stinson. Mrs. T. I*
Miller.
Board of trustees— H. L. Dodgre, John F.
Merrill. W. F. Whlttier, John Taylor. Will
iam J. Dutton.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.
STEWARDS OF
TANFORAN MAKE
PUBLIC APOLOGY
Corrigatt's Offense Is
Denounced.
RECEIVES A CRUSHING REBUKE
THE AFFAIR MAY GO STILL
FURTHER.
The Management of the Western Turf
Association Admits Its Respon
sibility for the Actions of
the Accused-
"The "Western Turf Association extends
an apology to the California Jockey
Club." That is the conclusion of the d!s-
' graceful affair la which Ed Corrigan
I brought reputable men to his level by
i forcing them at Tanforan last Saturday
' to listen to his foul abuse of R. B. Milroy.
The apclopy of the Western Turf Asso
ciation ¦will be trailed to-day. In two as
pects it is of the greatest sigr.lficance.
In the first place, it is an announcement
to the public by the Tanforan manage
ment that it is responsible for the ac
tions of Ed Corripan, who if he is not
•ostensibly a r=n. of \he management is
!r, realty so. in the second place, it is a
'rebuke more severe and biting than Cor
rijran ever before received in his history.
In substance, it tells him that even if he
•has fastened himself upon the Western
Turf Association, he must act as men do
nho consider themselves within the pale
of civilized society.
The Western Turf Association might
have found another way out of the dif
firu'.'.y involved in the demand of the
Calitornia Jockey Club. The Tanforan
people could have insisted that when Sec
retary Ml'roy visited Tanforan he did not
do po in an official capacity, and that
CTTitran represented only himself at the
track. He then could have been discip
lined and the Western Turf Association
would have been spared the humiliation
of giving an apology to the California
Jockey Club. Hut a different course was
chosen by the ptev.-axds of Tanforan at
their meeting last night.
The ground that was covered on Tues
day r.'Rht was traversed apaln. R. B.
Milroy. Sam Rainey. Charles Kenneally,
William Murray and Ed Corrigan pave
their Testimony. Even Corripan admitted
that he had beon abusive, and the others
described his attack as one that cannot
be pictured In a public newspaper. After
deliberating- for some time the stewards
announced their purpose to make an apol
ogy to the California Jockey Club.
When Corrigan heard the report he was
furious. He wanted to know what the
"Western Turf Association had done that
it should apologize. He demanded to
know for what it was offering an apol
ogy, but his questions remained unan
swered-
It has been stated that the officers and
members of the California Jockey Club
had returned their badges to the W?st«>rn
Turf Association. This is an error. The ]
tacges weuld have been returned had not !
an &.pology been given, but now probably ,
they will not be. It is probable that the j
Tanforan management will go further and i
discipline Corripan for his gross violation i
*>f one of the important rules of the Turf i
Congress.
Annual gt*
Sale of ||§
We arc offtr- fyT^ibr?'!
high-grade t *J £&&&&.
At 25 Per Cent jf fp J4s&
Redaction. . 11 B^
Remodeling \ • 1
and Repairing.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable Cf,-««;^-.—C f ,-««;^-.—
Manufacturing rUmerS,
121 Post Street, Rooms 7 to 11.
HI 2 tD-MATZOS
Tbe San Francisco Matzo Co.. factory and
nrnln office at 1130 Howard at., telephone South
467. Samples already. Matzoa. 6c per pound*
ri-atzo meal. Sc per pound: m-itzos baked with
egßs, 15c per pound; macrones. 40c per pound'
fSu£*"»£ at FoUoia ¦*••¦ trt «p*»~
12