Continued on Page Two.
REASONS FOR THE
CALL.
The election of a United
States Senator.
Amending of section 2524
of the Political Code, which
gives control of portions of
San Francisco Bay to the Har
bor Commissioners.
Enactment of a law author
izing the transfer to the fund
of the Harbor Commissioners
of moneys in the San Fran
cisco depot sinking fund.
Enactment of a law creat
ing a Commissioner of Public
Works.
Repealing of the wagon
tire law.
Repealing of the act con
cerning the manner of locat
ing mining claims.
Amending of section 3494
of the Political Code relating
to the sale of school lands.
Authorizing the Governor
to assume charge of the sale of
State public lands.
Establishing a uniform
government for State hos
pitals.
Amending the act estab
lishing a State Lunacy Com
mission.
y Empowering the Governor
to summarily dismiss during
a recess of the Legislature all
officials appointed by him.
LONDON, Jan. 24, 6a. m.— A dispatch from Pretoria says a great battle has raged
sixty hours. The British attempted the relief of Ladysmith Saturday. Thirty thou
sand British infantry under Buiier and Warren were three times repulsed wjth great
loss. Forty British cannon were engaged in the terrific bombardment.
the Idea of the Intervention of European
powers is gaining adherents in Influential
quarters. The Dally Mail's correspondent
regards the signs as unmistakable and
mentions especially suggestions printed in
the Austro-Hungarian Foreign Office Jour
nals.
MONTAGU WHITE IS
PLEADING IN VAIN
WASHINGTON. Lliuftr : y-2.lontasu
Whitfi, who has come to tr«e United. States
in the interest of the Boers,- unofficially
discussed the situation, in South Africa
to-day with Secretary Hay and made it
plain to that official that the Transvaal
republic desired the mediation of the
United States to end the war. Nothing
that Mr. White stated; however, is calcu
lated to cause any change in {he attitude
of this Government.
"That attitude will continue to be strict.
Impartial and absolute neutrality," said
an official with whom I talked. The only
"An attempt will be made to seize Spion Kop, the salient
of which forms the left of the enemy's position facing Trichards
Drift, and which divides it from the position facing Potgieters
Drift. It has considerable command over the enemy's in
trenchments."
BOER HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITH, Monday,
Jan. 22. — A battle has been raging along Oliviers Hock road
since Saturday between the Boers under Pretorius and 6000
British. The fighting is in full swing at Spion Kop. The
Boers under Botha and Cronje have been sent thither. The
British elsewhere are only making a reconnoisance of the Boer
positions. President Steyn was under fire at the foremost posi
tion of the Free Staters.
so it is impossible to see into it properly. It can be approached
only over bare open slopes, and the ridges held by Warren are
so steep that guns cannot be placed on them. But we are shell
ing the enemy's position with our howitzers and field artillery,
placed on lower ground behind infantry.
"The enemy is replying with Creusot and other artillery.
In this duel the advantage rests with us, as we appear to be
searching his trenches, and his artillery fire is not causing us
much loss.
Continued .on Seventh Page.
Political considerations, both foreign
and domestic, press upon the milltaryau
thcrlties the necessity for speedily accom
plishing something. These authorities
may have been persuaded to urge General
Buller to attempt his great operation
without adequate' preparation. This im
pression, whether true or not, is abroad. '
Apparently Lord Roberts has nothing
whatever . to,, do with General Buller's
operation. General Buller and the War !
CfHce communicate with each other di-«
rect. Buller's scheme was conceived be
fore Lord Roberts arrived at Cape Town
and .its execution was begun on the day
he landed. - The fact that the judgment
of Lord Roberts has not been brought to
bear upon the movement does not add to
public confidence.
The Times, commenting editorially upon
General Buller's dispatch, says:
"It. can but tend to Increase the severe
strain from which the nation Is suffering.
We must await the result of his attempt
to;seize the formidable Boer position with
courage and cooiness. Hlb success may
be decisive, but the danger of the attempt
is evidently great. The intense excite
ment of the besieged in Ladysmith may
be imagined.
"General Warren is moving with com
mendable. Indeed imperative caution, but
it must not be forgotten that delay, how
ever caused, must tell in many respects
in favor of the enemy. The Boers have,
it is true, fallen back when hard pressed,
but they have gained time to bring up
men, guns, ammunition and supplies to
the position they have selected for their
principal stand and to intrench it in
thorough fashion, the fashion they under
stand so well. Until that position has
been taken and its defenders routed and
badly cut up the relief of Ladysmith can
not be considered here."
From Vienna comes the statement that
contingency that will cause the United
States to change its policy will be an in
timation from Great. Britain that it is de
sirous of the employment of the good of
fices of this Government, and no tntim.i
tion of this character is expected in vi^w
of the present temper of the British people.
Evidently there has been a radical char.i£f>
in Mr. Whites- plans. It was stated on
Sunday by a person close to him that he
would see the President on the following
day. White did uot. however, appear at
the White House. When he called on
Secretary Hay to-day, I am reliably in
formed, he opened the conversation by as
suring the Secretary that he presented
no credentials, that he did not seel; rec
ognition as a diplomatic agent of the Boer
Government and that he was here for the
purpose of looking out for Its interests in
simply a private capacity. He then b«
gan a statement of the causes of the war
and conditions existing in the Transvaal.
Because of the valuable information he
was able to give Secretary Hay the latter
was very glad to listen to, what Mr. Whltft
had to say, and the two remained closeted
for nearly a half-hour. ;
When The Call correspondent saw Mr.
White to-night he confirmed the fact that
he had been courteously received by the
Sacretary of State, but refused to further
discuss the matter. I understand, hew
ever, that Mr. White is very much grati
fied at his reception and the. willingness
displayed by Mr." Hay to listen to the
statement he made. It is expected h«
will remain in Washington looking out for
the interests of his, Government... He has
not presented credentials, though it la
possible he may do so, but in any event
he will look out for^ the''Transvaal inter-
ARTILLERY FIRE THE
HEAVIEST IN THE WAR
LONDON, Jan. 24— After a most anx
love day for the entire Britis-h na
tion, frorr. laborer to Cabinet Mm- |
istcr. the War Office this morning
at 2:13 o'clock gave out a dispatch '
¦ from O^irral Bulger which. ITr.oti
¦what had been hoped and prayed for. was j
net wlt^t had been feared since the veil]
of silence fell upon the field of battle j
Monday. General Warren, it appears, has
not been able to make much progress
*:nce that day, owing to the strength of
the Boers' Intrencbtnents, but had suc
ceeded in holding the ground which he
had won. Evidently his position is peril
ous, for Genera! Buller, telegraphing at
6:20 o'clock yesterday afternoon, tiatcd
that an. attack upon SpJon Kop. the ctn
ter of the Boer position, would be made
that night. By this time, if Sir Redyers'
Intention was carried out. the attack has
been made, and the British have cither ]
struck the decisive blow for the relief of
Ladysrnith or r.av*-, as was tlie rase wit fa
their previous night attacks, been forced
back by a rifle blast irom the Boer
trenches.
Tbe lons silence and admission that i
General Warren had been unable to gain
further by methods employed dur
ing the four days' previous fighting, and !
th.it he had not been able to advance for |
two days. nV. Indicate that General Bui- j
U r had determined to make a night attack i
as a desperate resort.
Before mi<inight rumors flew thick and
fast. A great crowd gathered at the War j
Office, only to be icld there vas no Intel- !
licence to impart. Mr. Balfour was one l
ci the c&H^rs.
Reports during the afternoon, which up- j
ee-t ihe Stock Exchange, to the effect that :
Warren had been defeated and had lost !
two battalions as prisoners, while not be- j
lievfd. had a marked effect upon the
nerves of the public General Bu'ler's
long sjlence still further incre-ased the j
gleon No cew« could not have beer,
thought goo 3 news in this case, for tho !
reason that when General Buyer's ad- j
v;. r.ce was progressing favorably for the j
British arms there was plenty of news.
When London will know the result of |
the night attack will depend largely upon ;
•whether the British' are successful. If
victorious. General Buiier is not likely to
lose much time in notifying the Govern
ment, and news fbould reach here some
tirre this morning. If he be thrown back,
there is no telling how many hours may
clap»e
As to the fighting, all the intelligence
received In London yesterday came
through Boer sources. From the Boer
laager before Ladysmith came Ihe in
formation that ther" had been engage
ments on Ollviers Hock road, between
Pretoria! and a British force estimated
at COOO men. and that brisk fighting had
been going on at Spion Kop, whither
Gentrals Botha and Cronje have pre
ceded.
The road to Oliviers Hock Pass runs
through Acton Homes, so that the earlier
part of the message refers to the action
Of Saturday, but reference to a battle at
Epion Kop would indicate that on Mon
day the central point of the enemy's
position was as?a.ik-d.
from General Buller's dispatch General
Warren on Tuesday was holding the
Eame position as that which he gained
in the two days previous, so Jhat if an
attack was rr.ade on Monday it must
have failed. It was General Warren's
original intention to make a wide de
tour from Trichards Drift westward, but
the progress of his left wing was stopped
on reaching the ridge running down trom
Bpfob Kop toward Acton Homes, which ,
was strongly intrenched by the Boers.
As it would have been Impossible to se
cure communication and transport past
this obstacle, the general returned to j
Trichards Drift on Saturday and began j
his series of engagements.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— A special to the
•Sun from Pretoria, dated Jan. 22, via
Lourenzo Marques, says: Heavy fighting
was reported en Saturday for twelve
miles along the Tugela River. The Brit
jt-h artillery fire, was the heaviest that has
been experienced during the war. It is
estimated that over 30,000 troops were en
paged in an assault on the Tugela
heights, which are occupied by the Boers.
The iigir.ir.g front extended for twenty
three miles. The artillery fire met with
no response from the Boers until the in
fantry attacked their position. The Brit
ish made thrre assaults and were each
time vigorously repelled. The Boer gen
erals were Hans Botha. Schalkburger
and Lucas Meyer. The British cannon,
! numbering over forty, maintained a
i frightful concentrated fire. Every time
j the British stormed the Boer position
| they were reinforced by fresh divisions,
I but their efforts were useless.
Yesterday the hostilities ceased, and the
I British ambulances were busy for ten
I hours picking up and attending to the
I wounded on the field of action.
The garrison at Ladysmith attempted
to make a demonstration, but the Beer
crutpo.ns gave the alarm and the attempt
Tias prevented. To-day everything around
tht beleaguered city is quiet.
On Saturday night the British garrison
at Ladysmith sent up a dozen rockets
showing a blue light. These were prob
ably signals to General Buller's relief col
: um:i, which is fighting south of the
j Tugela River.
Commandant General Joubert has just
celebrated his sixty-seventh birthday.
Mr. Adalbert Hay. the nuwly appointed
American Consul, has advised the • Gov
ernment that he will reach Delagoa
Bay during the current week.
CHEERING NEWS WANTED
BEFORE PARLIAMENT MEETS
LONDON, Jan. 24.— The Morning Post
and the Standard touch lightly upon the
unpleasant features of Euller's dispatch
and take hope from the projected night
attack, but all together considered the
dispatch looks like preparation for worse
news. .•
According to General Buller the Boer'
position Is rather more elevated than his,
about three-quarters of a mile oft.
British infantry could not advance in
daylight over the op*n elope. To Gen
eral Warren it looked like an impasse,
bo General Buller determined to make a
bold attempt to take Spion Kop. the j
salient angle of the Boer ground, com- j
manding it for some distance. If
achieved. It will not even then mean a
rapid walk to Ladymith. There are at
Parliament will meet In five days. The
Cabinet has been hoping for one rallying
British success to cheer the country and
to command, generous support for fresh
revenue measures. Among these will be
probably an increase of the Income a
shilling to the pound, but this would only
provide the cost of five weeks' hostilities.
The duties on tobacco, alcohol, tea and
coffee are likely to be raised. •
. The Cabinet will meet at the end of the
week and discuss the situation. /;._.;«•.
WATCHING FOR THE
SENATORIAL
LIGHTNING.
JBgJ^ EADERS throughout the city
jgjgi and State will observe that The
MjjP^ Call was right when It declared
that Governor Gage would call
ly an extra session of the Legis
lature. The Governor's real
design was never concealed by
a veil of mystery. According to the proc
lamation the members will assemble at
Sacramento next Monday. "When they
wll! adjourn no one can foretell. :
Judge Dibble, who Is the recognized
leader of the Burns faction In the Assem
bly, expressed the opinion yesterday that
the work outlined In the Governor's call
coujd easily be accomplished In two
weeks. It is his Judgment that the sire
die adjournment of the Legislature will
take place before the middle of February.
Other members expect a longer session,
holding that the work cut out cannot be
completed Inside of thirty days.
The Senatorial contest reopens with sev
eral candidates in the field. General W.
H. L. Barnes will not re-establish head
quarters at Sacramento, but his support
ers insist that his chances of success have
increased since the adjournment of the
regular session and that he must not
think of retiring from the struggle.
Irving M. Scott will reopen headquar
ters in the Golden Eagle Hotel. It Is v.o
longer a secret that U. S. Grant's former
managers. Milton Green and Jim">3
Brown, are actively supporting Mr. Scott.
Ex-Mayor L. R. Ellert is not Idle or in
different. In the Senate John F. Davi* of
Aoador and in the Assembly F. E. Dun
lap of San Joaquin will uphold the cau<3e
of the shipbuilder.
Mr. Scott authorizes the statement th.*t
he is a candidates He offers no objection
to an open caucus of all the Republican
members of the Legislature. He will ob
ject, however, to any plan or scheme for
secret balloting.
D. M. Burns is still in the field as a
candidate, but the cry of "Burns or no
Senator" is hushed. His advocates say:
"Colonel Burns is willing to go into cau
cus and take hia chances with other can
didates." Confidence in Burns' ability to
win may exist, but there is no open boast
ing of his success, on the quiet the stoo
ls circulated that Gage did not call tho
session until Herrin and Burns were con
vinced that they could swing forty-three
votes in caucus.
The Call's information is that Burns
cannot increase his original following of
thirty, yet the fact is well known to this
journal that Burns men on the quiet are
circulating the report that Dickinson,
Morehouse, Cutter. De Lancie, Merritt.
Iluber and Raw can be lined up for tha
colonel when they are needed.
The Influence of the Republican State
Central Committee will not be cast in
Burns" favor at the extra session. Execu
tive patronage has been distributed and
therefore cannot be held out to reward
the supporters of Colonel Burns. The
enactment of Gage's proposed legislation
giving the executive authority to remove
appointees would open the patronage
pasture, but members of the Legislature
will Investigate this measure before com
mitting themselves to It.
Folltlcal gossip is to the effect that
Burns is to have a new manager. M. R.
Higgins says that he cannot accept the
position. Major McLaughlin is not men
tioned as an available candidate for tha
job as he is handicapped by weight and
inability. It is said that Hervey Ltndley
ia out of favor and out of training. A re
port is current that Thomas Field of Mon
terey, a former representative of the Pa
cific Improvement Company, will handla
the reins for the colonel.
John A. Barham, member of CongreS3.
representing the First District, is a can
didate for United States Senator, but has
r.oc yet displayed any positive strength. In
the absence of a regularly accredited
manager, the Sonoma delegation, repre
senting both political parties, may look
after the Barham fences.
Assemblymen Raw. Arnerich. Eugene
Sullivan end Barry an,d Senator Hall
are serving their country on the water
front. Their names are Inscribed on
the payroll of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners. It is under
stood that each will apply for leave of
absence to attend the extra session. As
semblyman J. M. Hanley of San Fran
cisco has been appointed to the lucrative
position of deputy District Attorney under
the new charter, and therefore cannot at
tend the session. If his resignation ha*
not been forwarded to Speaker Anderson
It ought to go by the next mail.
Dr. Marvin. Assemblyman from Hum*
boldt County, is holding down a place m
the medical department of Agnews Asy
lum for tne Insane. He may visit Sacra
mento, but the story goes that he ia not
inclined to extend his northerly Journey
to Humboldt County.
The story is again told that no money
will be expended by Huntlngton and Her
rin to promote the election of Burns. In
ileu of cash each new supporter of tha
colonel will receive a chromo of Wright,
Simpson, Jllson and Cospex.
WHY THE GOVERNOR
CALLED THE
EXTRA SESSION
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 23. 1000.
in AKEREAS, an extraordinary
AP /f\ no occasion exists, requiring the
£1 M ¥3 convening of the Legislature
JsJLjUr J& of the State of California for
Xjjg&kgSr the purposes hereinafter par
. ticularly eet forth:
Now. therefore. I, Hanry T.
Gage. Tis Governor; by virtue of tSw. power
conferred upon me by section 9, article V.
of the constitution of the State of Califor
nia, do . hereby convene the said Legisla
ture, to assemble in extraordinary session
at the city of Sacramento. State aforesaid,
at the State Capitol, on Monday, the
twenty-ninth (2Sth) day of January, in
the year of our Lord 1900, at 1 o'clock p.
m. of said day.
The purposes for which I have by this
proclamation convened and for which I
do hereby convene said Legislature to
meet . in said session are specifically as
follows:.
First— To elect a United States Senator
from this State to fill the vacancy now
existing, caused by the expiration of the
term of oince of Hon. Stephen M. White.
Second— To consider and enact a law to
take immediate effect, amending section
2524 of the Political Code of the State of
California.
HARBOR FRONT DEFINED.
In delineating 1 officially the meandering
line of the city's water front the Gov
ernor makes no material pnangre. The
limits are those lai'i down in the old law.
The description, as contained In both the
law and the message, is as follows:
Section 2324. The Commissioners shall
have por.sPF.slon and control of that por
tion of the bay of San Francisco, together
with ail the impro\ ements, rights, privi
leges, casements, appurtenances connect
ed therewith or In any way appertaining
United States.
In the call the Governor has given to the Legislature latitude enough to make the ses
sion as long as the discretion of the legislators may dictate. The people of the State may pay for
a meeting of two weeks or two months. They may discuss the possibility of the reform
of State institutions, but will still have the grim satisfaction of knowing that the Governor of
this State is expending their money in an effort to make his political creator an ornament of the
United States Senate.
GOVERNOR GAGE has called an extra session of the Legislature to convene next Mon
day at noon. His Excellency, in explanation of his announcement, gives sixteen reasons
why the session should be called and the people of the State should be made to endure the
expense of the session. These sixteen reasons, as The Call has announced time after time, may
be reduced to one. Governoi Gage wishes to pay his political debts, and he has convened the
Legislature in extraordinary session for the simple purpose of electing Dan Burns a Senator of
the United States if it is possible to make enough members of the State Legislature untrue to
their trust as public officers.
In the proclamation which announces the extra session of the Legislature the Governor
declares that a United States Senator shall be elected. He says that the State laws governing
the water front of San Francisco need reform; that the laws governing schools and lunacy asy
lums require amendment. His sixteen reasons for the call for an extraordinary session must in
evitably be reduced to one, which is the desire to make his Mexican master a Senator of the
Sixteen Reasons Are Given for the Call, but They All Reduce
Themselves to the Single Purpose of Electing Dan
Burns to the United States Senate.
LONDON, Jan. 24, 2:15 a. m. — Contrary to the announce
ment made shortly before midnight by the War Office
that nothing further would be issued until Wednesday
forenoon, the following dispatch from General Buller, dated
Spearmans Camp, January 23, 6:20 p. m., has just been posted:
"Warren holds the position he gained two days ago. In
front of him, at about 1400 yards, is the enemy's position, west
of Spion Kop. It is on higher ground than Warren's position,
His Excellency Orders the Legislature to Meet
Next Monday in Extra Session, •
From Pretoria Comes a Report of Serious Dis
asters to the British Arms After Sixty
Hours of Fighting — No Progress Made by
Lady smith Relief Column.
BULLER AND WARREN
THREE TIMES REPULSED
WITH HEAVY LOSSES
GAGE BOWS SUBMISSIVELY
TO HIS MEXICAN MASTER
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 55.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
least two fair positions behind Splon Kop
or Lookout Hill.
THE CALL MORE THAN SEVEN MONTHS AGO PREDICTED
THE SPECIAL SESSION SUMMONS.Weak Men and Women
S£™ L ?reS. D r e^7\^eJ r^ 5l T «f
•trengta to i«nial or^al &p£ »O &*•£
. . j
thereto, for the purpose in this article
provided (excepting such parcels thereof
»..- are held by the lessees or their aligns.
on valid leases, which parcels so held It is
herein* made the duty of the Commission
ers to take po?f--ession «>f. together with
the impniveniont? thf-con. a-« soon as laid
leases terminate, and alt^o to sets that the
lei-st-es. or their successors or ass-ignf, do
not exercise rights an<i privileges that are
j.ot conferred by eaid K-asesi, bounded as
follows, to wit: ('ommrm'iiig at the point
%\ here the oastcrly line, of the Presidio res
ervation intersects the water-line front as
established by th« H>iar<l of State Tide Land
Commissioners; thence easterly along said
v.-.ater-line front to the center <<f Webster
Klixet; thenco southerly along thn center
of Webster street \>> the center of Lewi?
ftreot: thence easterly along the center of
J^wis street to the center of Potk street;
1 hence southerly along the center of Polk
Mroe.t to the center of Tonyuin street;
thence easterly along the center of Ton
v¦¦'¦'¦'¦u¦¦'¦'¦'¦ street to the center of Larkiti street;
inmcp southerly along the center <>f l.ar
l<in stroct to the center of Je.fermm
ureet: thence easterly along the center of
•.effersnn btre*'t" to the center of I'oweil
f-treet; thence southerly aJong the center
of I'owrll street ro the center of Beach
street to th«* wnter of Dupnnt street;
thence southerly along the center of Du
pont Ftreot to the center of North Point
rtrect;' thence easterly along the center
*>f North Point to the center of Kearny
f=treet; thence southerly along the center
til Kearny street to the center of Fran
cisco fctre*>t ; thi-nce easterly along the
center of Francisco street to the center
«>f Montgomery street; thence southerly
tiJong- the center of etreet to
the center of Chestnut street; thenct?
easterly along the center of Chestnut
•-treet to the center of Hansome street;
t hence southerly aJong the center of San
t>ome street to the center of -Lombard
ttret-t: thence easterly along the center of
Lombard street to the center of Battery
street; thence southerly along the center
of Battery street to the center of Green
wich street; the.nc« easterly along the cen
ter of Greenwich street to the center of
>'ront street; thence southerly along 'the
center of Front street to the center of
Vallfjo street: thence easterly alor.g the
center of Valtejo street to the center of
3 'avis street; thence southerly along the
center of Davis street to the center of
J'aciJic street; tht-nce along the
center of Pacific street to the center of
lliifX. Street; theme southerly along th<.
tenter of East street to the center of Fol
»jto street; thence westerly along the cen
ter of Folsom street to the center of Steu
«t.rt street: thence southerly along the
center of Steuart street to the center of
Jlarrison street; th«-nce southerly on a di
rect line with said Steuart street two
rundrftd and fifty-three feet nine inches
to the-eer.ter of a street the name of
which is not on a map; thence at right
»n«les westerly along the center of said
Hreet to the center of Spear street; thence
¦southerly along the center of Spear street
to the center of Brvant street; thence
westerly along the center of Bryant street
t.» the center of Beale street; thence
routherly- along the center of Beale street
to the center of Bratman street; thence
wacterly along the center of Brannan
Uroet to the center of First street; thence
southerly aloru? the center of First street
to the center of 1 ownsond street; thence
v«stcrjy along the center of Townsend
»ire» t five hundred and fifty feet to the
tr-r.ifT of a street the- name of which is
Jiot on a map; thence at rfght angles
routherly along the center of said street
Jo th* center of King street; thence west
erly along the center of King street to
the t enter of Second street; thence south
«r}y along the center of Second street to
the <f-nt<r of Berry street; thence west
erly along the center of Berry street to
the cent«r of Third street; thence south
trly along the center of Third street
to the northerly line of Channel street;
thence westerly along the last mentioned
3;ne to the easterly line of Fifth street
therre southerly along sajd last men-
Honed line to the southerly line of
Channel street; thence easterly along
»a.i<J last mentioned line to the center of
Jvemucky street; thence .southerly along
tne center of Kentucky street to the cen
ter <>f Fourth street: thence along the
center of Fourth street to the center of
j>oui=.ana street; thence southerly along
the center of Louisiana street to the cen
ter of Illinois street; thence southerly
filong the center of Illinois street to the
center of Solano street; thence easterly
fJong the center of Solano street to the
vstrr-front line established by the Board
of State Tide Land Commissioners; thence
southerly along eai<l last-mentioned line
vo the center of Tulare str-et; thence
westerly along the center of Tulare
ttref-t to the center of Texas street
thence somberly along the center of
Texas street to the center of Islais
gtref-t; thence easterly along the center
of Water-front street; thence southerly
filong the center of Water-front street
to the center of India street; thence
westerly, southerly and easterly along the
center of said India street to the center
<f Water-front and to the center of
<"hica street: thence westerly along the
tenter of China street to the center of
Third avenue; thence southerly along the
center of Third avenue to the northerly
line of the property of the California Dry
dock Company; thence easterly along
Bald last-mentioned line to the water
front established by the Board of State'
Tide Land Commissioners: thence south
erly along and around said drydock com
pany's land to the southeasterly corner
thereof; thence westerly along the line of
raid land to the center of Water-front
Hreet: thence southerly along the center
«>f Water-front street to the center of
Nineteenth avenue; thence westerly along
the center of Nineteenth avenue to the
center of Dock stret; thence southerly
f.long the line of Dock street to the cen
ter of Twenty-third a vp riue: thence west
erly along the center of Twenty-third aye-
Tiue to the center of H street; thence
FOUtberly along the center of H street to
the center of Twenty-fourth avenue;
1 hence easterly along the center of Twen
ty-fourth avenue to the center of Water
front street; thence southerly along the
center of said Water-front street to the
pout h^rn boundary of the city and county
nf San Francisco; thence along- the south
erly, easterly and northerly boundary
lines of saii city and county to a point
<iu^ north of the place of commencement,
mid ihence south to the place of com
mencfm^nt.
SEAWALL LINES UNCHANGED
mvi no naroor ernnanKrneni or seawall
shall be constructed outside of the fnl
liwirc named points and lines, to wit:
fomm'Tirlng at the point where the east
prn boundary line of the Presidio reserva
tion, extended In a northerly direction.
Intersects the three-fathom contour line
fhown upon the chart of the United
Mates survey, and running thenoe In an
raf=ter)y and southerly direction, upon
t;ra!sht <t curved lines, in such manner
ss to approach a* near p.? practicable. the
rxtr*>rne outer projections of the water
line front, as described In an act to pro
«lde for the disposition of certain proper
ly of the State of California, passed
March 25, In the year of our Lord ISSI, to
r. point at or near the intersection of Sec
ond and Berry etreets; thence continuing
southerly, upon straight or curved lines.
In cuch a manner as to approach as near
us practicable the extreme outer pro
jections of the water line front, as estab
lished by the Board of State Tide Land
L'orr.rniEsioners, to the southerly boundary
tif fcairi Htv nnd pnnntv r\t son" pv., ?,.;t.~.".
MAYOR DEPRIVED OF POWER.
ITndf r the old law the Mayor had some
fiIIIRUPTIJRE
\ov uUiiljUi
WHEN we cay "RUPTURE CX*RED" w«
mean It, for It is a fact that thousands of cures
hax'e been accomplished by Vr. Pierca"a World-
renowneJ ELECTRic TRUSS during the past,
twrnty-nve years. There Is nothing else like it
on earth! It does the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonials that w* hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured in-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonabU.
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Plerce's" is THE trusa. and you caoaot b*
happy till yoa set It.
You can get cur "BOOKLET No. J" for noth-
ing by calling at the office, cr It will be sent to
you on receipt nf a 2-cent stamp. It tell* all
about this TRUSS. Address . .--. :
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
6» -Market street. SAN FRAXCISCXX
M Tribune bulldlnr. NEW YORK.
Revolutionists Disband.
Special Cabte tn The Call an.l X«>w York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1500, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Jan. 23.—
Generals Pedro and Horatio Ducharme',
who commanded the Venezuelan revolu
tionists in- Yrapa and Guira, have ar
rived here. They report their forces as
disbanded owing to amicable arrange
ments having been made with Generals
Valentini and Morales, of the Govern
ment forces.
Training Ground Tendered.
PRINCETON. N. J., Jan. 23.— Captain
John Cregan of the Princeton track team
announced to-night that the university
track management had extended the
courtesy of their field and track to the
University of California track team to
prepare for the Intercollegiate meet to be
held at New Haven on May 23 and 26.
The dual meet between Princeton and
California will take place on May 12.
Fire at Hendrick Mine.
SAN ANDREAS, Jan. 23.— This morn
ing at 3 o'clock flro broke out In the
gravel mill at the Nedrick mine at Tac
qule Camp, destroying the building and
much of the machinery. The mill had
been shut down for a few days and no
body had any business- around It. It is
believed the fire was the work of an in
cendiary. Loss about $2500, with partial
insurance.
Better Than Ever.
We are giving better SHOES for less money than you
have ever seen
At Our Semi-Annual
Clearance Sale
Wear and fit are the principal ideas a !vanced and low
prices in all lines, especially in Nova Scotia Seals.
Owing to change of style in shapj of tos, we will dose
out all of the Chllds' and Misses' Nova Scotia Seals, but-
ton with square toe, sizes 6to io^, 1 1 to 2, C ani D wide.
sizes 12}^ to 2, E and EE wide at.... -.. $1.00
Ladies' Nova Scotia Seal Button and Lace will be closed
out at hal price.
$3.50 Medium Coin Toe, without cork sole, at $1.75
5450 Wide Coin Toe, hand-sewed, cork sole, at....- $2. 25
The best winter SHOES made — once worn always worn.
Now c osing out to show all n-w styles next winter.
JHLC& S3 hJ3 Market St.
"Experience is the
'Best Teacher."
The experience of millions has demon-
strated that Hood's SarsaparSla is the
perfect remedy for all troubles of the
blood, stomach, nerves, bowels, liver and
kidneys, and thai it imparts strength,
vigor and intality. Every testimonial is
the voice of experience to you.
General Debility —" / have taken
Hood's SarsaparSla for general debility
*O)ith marvelous effect. My blood is pure
znd I feel better and stronger." Frederick
*Rfeb. 93 Herfdmer St., Albany, N. Y.
1 Do not takf any substitute tuhen yoa
call for Hood's SarsaparUla. 'Remember
fil'iS VITALSS
THE NEW
VITALIS Mthl)iy '*- DSIMCIW
BBSCLTS. ltqu.rkly A .awWremoYM s.noa»n«. 7ZJ Eril
Tin i w t.' r i' frirt.- Nt •• • J^' ireaja? rr«e. A4dr«*.
CAI.IMET VKt to - ««-* I>««rbor* St.. Otloaco
Bold in S»n Twoeuco *xd. o*kl*a& by th. Owl Dru« C».
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL. ¥hk e m.a?s
DIAMOND COAL AHNJNU CO.. at Us GREEN
RIVER COLL4EKI£S. Is tba Best Coal ta tbe
market. Ortlc* and Yards— CO Main street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T.^pn.o PARTRIDGE M *g2z*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mallai
on Application.
Ed, that no special privileges shall be
awarded thereon to any corporation, asso
ciation, person or persons; and provided,
further, that switches from said railroad
track or tracks may, with the permission
of said board, and under the limitations
and conditions of this act, be constructed
by corporations, or any person or per
sons, leading to any warehouse or place
of business. Nor shall any person or com
pany place, or cause to be placed, any ob
struction in that portion of the bay of
San Francisco described in this article,
nor upon any wharf, pier, quay, landing
or thoroughfare, without the consent of
the board.
PENALTY FOR OBSTRUCTION.
Whenever any wharf, pier, quay, land-
Ing or thoroughfare in the harbor of San
Francisco shall be incumbered or their
free use interfered with by goods, wares,
merchandise or other substances, whether
loose or built upon, or fixed, to any such
wharf, pier, quay, landing or thorough
fare, it shall be the duty of the Commis
sioners to notify, in writing (which ser
vice may be served by a wharfinger, or
the secretary or assistant secretary of the
board), the owner, agent, or occupant, or
person placing or keeping such obstruc
tions thereon, to remove the same within
twenty-four hours after the serving of such
notice; and in case of failure to comply
with such notice, and remove such ob
structions, the owner, agent, occupant or
person notified shall be liable to pay the
Commissioners the sum of twenty-five*
dollars for each and every day during
which such obstruction shall remain upon
any such wharf, pier, quay, landing or
thoroughfare; and the Commissioners
shall have power, in their discretion, to
remove any such lncumbering substance
and store .the same in any suitable, con
venient arid safe place, and a sum equal
to the amount of the expenses of the re
moval, together with all other necessary
charges, shall be paid by the owner of
such incumbering substance to the Com
missioners, and such sum and necessary
charges shall be a lien on such substance
until paid.
BELT LINE LIMITED.
The final paragraph of the Governor's
amendment -confines the belt line road
to the immediate water front in the fol
lowing language: ¦¦•. -'•¦•
The rate of dockage, wharfage and tolls
shall not exceed those established by the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners
July 1, 1574, and dockage shall not be col
lected on any vessel lying at anchor out
side of dock, wharf or slip. Nothing in
this section shall be construed as author
izing the Board of Harbor Commissioners
to construct any railroad along and upon
any open canal extending Inland from
said water front. But said Harbor Com
missioners may, when a water front rail
road shall be constructed by them, con
struct the same across the outlet of such
open canal.
FUNDS FOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The third section of the Governor's call
so amends section 2527 of the Political
Code as to stretch from one to five
years the limit on estimations of future
returns from the tolls and wharfage. It
also adds a paragraph authorizing the
board to make five-year leases, the rents
to be used in improvements. The section
is es follows: y ,;• V :J H.
THIRD.
To consider and enacta law to take Im
mediate effect, amending section 2527 of
the Political Code of the State of Califor
nia, so that said section when amended
shall be in words and figures substantially
as follows:
Section 2527. No contract or obligation
entered into by the Harbor Commissioners
which creates a liability or authorizes the
payment of money shall be valid or of
binding force unless signed by all three of
the Commissioners and countersigned by
the secretary of the board; nor shall any
contract involving the payment of money
be made by the said Commissioners unless
the amount then to the credit of the Har
bor Improvement Fund, together with the
revenue estimated to accrue up to the
time of the maturity of puch contract,
over and above the current expenses or
the Commission, be sufficient to meet the
payments to become due thereon; provid
ed, such estimate of revenue shall bo lim
ited as to time, to five (6) years.
Where the work to be done is the con
struction of a new wharf, bulkhead or
breakwater and its appurtenances the
board may lease said wharf, bulkhead or
breakwater, and its appurtenances for a
period not to exceed five years, and for an
amount not to exceed the cost of con
structing said work, the rents therefrom
to be applied, in whole or in part, in pay
ment for the cost of such construction;
and said board may provide in the con
tracts for the same that the rents there
from shall be so applied, or the work, be
paid for,, in whole or in part, from such
rents ana revenues.
DEPOT FUND TO BE USED.
FOURTH
-To consider \nd enact a law' In words
and figures substantially as follows:
"An act- authorizing the Btate Treas-
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Itrons Assertions as to Jaat What
tho Remedies Will D«.
-fCjTC^*, Munyoa guarantees
SSWJffieAv. thitt tils Eh»mnatl»::>
*to*J'>s*sP\ Cure will cur» nearer
ij;>^*«gl *'l c»»*» of rheuma-
tlsrn la a few hours.
A^X that hl» Pr-ipepsla Cure
»*Ma will cure ladliestion and
_*"*^ > ?* » !1 s^omsch troubled.
*y=CT>'V^j^ tiat b!» K!<!a*r Cur-
y«4 Via ef * ;1 caf es °* kWa.-v
T^fty? trouble; tfc»t bia Ca-
_ «!^y tarrh Cur* will core
*i>liii p|W^ catarrh co matter how
w^HSSSjIV^v lon * »taad!nr; tlmt is:*
Jgs£si££ssr Headache Oir« will cur^
, irT BFy anj kind of beadacb* la
a few mlaatte; that
> b!a Cold Cur* will
quickly break m «= -
lira ef ©old and so on through the tatlr* ll«t t.'
r«me<Uea. At all druggist*. 25 cents a rial.
If 70a need medical adrtea writ* Pr«f. Wunjoc
1300 Arcb St.. Phila. It Is alMolatttr trw».
acts in conflict or inconsistent with such
law. »•• i
DUTIES OF THE BOARD.
SIXTH
To consider and enact a law, to take
Immediate effect, amending an act of the
Legislature of the State of California en
titled "An act providing for the appoint
ment of an auditing board to the Commis
sioner of Public Works, authorizing and
directing him and them to perform certain
duties relating to drainage, to purchuse
machinery, tools, dredgers and appliances
therefor, to improve and rectify water
channels, to erect works necessary and
incident to Paid drainage, to oondemp land
and property for the purposes aforesaid,
making certain acts a felony, and making
an appropriation of money for the pur
pose of this act." approved March 17. IW,
by which the Auditing Board of Public
Works and the Commissioner of Public
Works shall be authorized and empowered
to perform other, further and additional
work upon such of. the navigable creeks,
rivers and sloughs of the State of Cali
fornia as the Legislature may deem prop
er, of a character and nature similar to
that outlined and described in the report
of the Commissioner of Public Works
dated November 16, 1596, and accompany
ing reports and plans of engineers.
WIDE TIRE LEGISLATION
SEVENTH.
To consider and enact a law, to take
immediate effect, repealing an act entitled
"An act to regulate the width of tire* of
wagons to be used on the public highways
of the State of California," approved
March 20, 1897.
CHANGE MINING LAWS.
EIGHTH.
To consider and pass and re-enact a
law repealing^ an act of the Legislature of
the State or California entitled "An act
prescribing the manner of locating mining
claims upon the public domain of the
United States, recording notices of loca
tion thereof, amending defective loca
tions, and providing for the deposit of dis
trict records with County Recorders, and
prescribing the effect to be given to re
cordatlon of notices of location and affi
davits," approved March 27, 1897.
SALE OF SCHOOL LANDS.
NINTH.
To consider and enact a law to take
immediate effect amending section 3494 of
the Political Code of the State of Califor
nia, so that the same when amended shall
be in words and figures substantially as
follows:
"Section 3494. The unsold portions of the
five hundred thousand acres granted to
the State for school purposes, the six
teenth and thirty-sixth sections, and
lands selected in lieu thereof, must.
UNLESS INCREASED IN PRICE AS
HEREINAFTER PROVIDED, be sold
at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five
cents ($1 23) per acre in United States gold
coin, payable twenty per cent of the prin
cipal within fifty days from the date of
the certificate of location issued to the
purchaser, the balance, bearing interest at
the rate of seven per cent per annum, In
advance, is due and payable within one
year after the passage of any act by the
Legislature requiring such payment or
before. If desired by the purchaser."
PROTECT STATE LANDS.
TENTH.
To consider and enact a law adding a
new section to the Political Code of the
State of California, to be numbered sec
tion 34941,4, or otherwise (to take effect im
mediately), relating to the State school
lands, which shall be In words and figures
substantially as follows:
"Section %\Wh. Whenever, in the opinion
of the Governor, the public Interest Jus
tifies, he may by proclamation from time
to time suspend the sale of any part of
the public lands of the State, which lands
so suspended from sale shall thereafter
only be sold when, by like proclamation,
the Governor shall have authorized such
sale, and shall have fixed a price thereon,
to be not less than one dollar and twenty
five cents (fl 25) per acre."
LUNACY COMMISSION.
ELEVENTH.
To consider and enact a law repealing
section 19 of an act of the Legislature
of the State of California entitled "An
act to establish a State Lunacy Com-
missioners, remove and deposit the same
in a suitable place, at the charge, risk
and expense of the owner thereof.
FERRY SLIPS AND SHEDS.
When any goods, wares or merchandise
shall have remained upon any wharf, pier,
quay, landing or thoroughfare more than
twenty-four Ivmra the Commissioners
may, in their accretion, charge such ad
ditional rates for each subsequent day as
in their opinion is Just and equitable. The
Commissioners may, in their discretion,
set apart and assign, for the exclusive
use ot the water craft used by the officers
of the Federal Government, such conveni
ent and safe landings as such officers may
require, together with suitable premises
near t*uch landings as may be set apart
and assigned tor thoir use, upon which
premises such officers may cause to be
elected offices and storehouses to suit
their convenience; and the Commissioners
shall charge a reasonable compensation
per month for the use of such landings
and office and storehouse premises, set
apart and assign a suitable and proper
locality for the use of the harbor police
of the city and county of San Francisco,
and also a suitable place for a boathouse
station, for the exclusive use of the quar
antine and health officers of said city and
county, without compensation; set apart
and assign, for the exclusive use of steam
ferry boats, suitable slips, in which said
structures may be erected as will secure the
cafe and convenient landing of passengers
and safe landing and delivery of freight;
sot apart and assign suitable wharves,
berths or landings for the exclusive use
of vessels; to construct suitable sheds,
gates and other temporary structures as
may be necessary for the safe and con
venient landing of passengers and safe
landing and delivery of freight.
FISHERMEN CARED FOR.
And set apart and assign for the sole
and exclusive use of the fishermen of the
city and county of Ban Francisco such
place or places as the said Commissioners
shall deem proper, sufficient and adaptea
for the requirements and necessities of
said fishermen; provided, the premises set
apart by said Commissioners shall be used
only for the legitimate business of said
fishermen, and for no other purpose; and
provided, said Commissioners shall not
charge therefor more than the following
rates: For boats over twenty-two feet
and under forty feet long, $1 per week; for
boats from sixteen to twenty-two feet
long, 75 cents per week; pud for all boats
less than sixteen feet long, 25 cents per
week. The Commissioners may assign
suitable places for the landing of horses,
cattle, sheep and swine; and when such
places have been assigned it shall be a
misdemeanor for a . commander of any
water craft to land any greater number
than ten at any one time from any water
craft at any other place.
LEASEHOLDS KNOCKED OUT.
Mr. Gage's amendment prohibits the
Harbor Commission from leasing any of
the property under its jurisdiction to rail
way or other companies for tracks, depot
or other purposes. The present law per
mits of a leasehold; the proposed law does
away entirely with leases and provides a
freehold until such time as the property
may be needed in the improvement of the
harbor. The new provision follows:
The commissioners may set apart, for
the uses and purposes of dry docks and
marine railways, such portions of the
water front northwesterly of the norther
ly end of Kearny street and southerly of
the easterly end of Solano street, as the
wants of commerce may require. The
Commissioners shall not have the right to
renew any lease or to lease arjy premises
under control for any purpose whatever,
but they may permit any property under
their control to be used by any corpora
tion, firm, association, person or com
pany, but In no case shall any corpora
tion, firm, association; person or com
pany enjoy the use of any of the property
under the Commissioners* charge excerJt
such use as shall be terminated as herein
provided; and the said Commissioners may
condemn, purchase and pay a reasonable
compensation for such structure as may
have been erected upon the said premises,
which structure, in the opinion of the
board and engineer, may be useful for
such commercial purposes as this article
Is intended to promote. -.» ¦'.. ..•-
COLLECTION RESTR ICTIONS.
No person or company shall land or re
move any goods, wares or merchandise,
or other things, upon or from any wharf,
pier, quay, landing or thoroughfare sit
uated upon the premises described In
this article; nor shall any corporation,
firm, association, company or person
collect dockage, wharfage, cranage or
toll within the boundaries of the premises
described In this article, without first ob
taining permission to do so from said
Commissioners. Any use permitted of the
property by the Commissioners may be
terminated at any time by tnem, on thirty
days' previous notice to the party or par
ties so using the same. Said board shall
not lease to or permit any corporation or
association, or any person or persons, to
lay down any track or tracks for railways
along cry of the property described here
in, or on any portion of the water front of
San Francisco, under any condition what
ever.
BELT LINE RAILROAD.
The amendment also deprives corpora
tions of laying any tracks along water
front property and delegates that author
ity solely to the board, which may ex
tend the free use of the tracks so laid
to any corporation or company having
use for them. Following is the changed
paragraph :
Said board may, when the wants of
commerce require, lay down such number
of tracks along and on any portion of
taid water front as may be necessary to
meet such wants and permit the use
thereof to any corporation or association
or any person or persons, under such
rules, regulations, and at such compensa
tion as said board may determine; provld-
To Cure La Grippe In .Two Days
Take I-axatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. Ail
druggets refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Groves signature is on each box. 85c.
say, theoretically. In the establishment
of rates of dockage and wharfage, but
the amendment proposed by Gage dele
gates that power to the Governor of the
State. The provision is made in the fol
lowing paragraph:
Said Commissioners, In addition to a
general control over said premises, shall
have authority "to use, for loading and
landing merchandise, with a right to col
lect dockage, wharfage and tolls thereon,
such portion of the etreets of the city and
county of San Francisco, ending or front
ing upon the waters of said bay. -as may
be used for such purposes without ob
structing the same as thoroughfares;
and authority to rent an office in the city
and county of San Francisco, between
Montgomery. Market and Pacific streets
and the city front; and purchase from
time to time suitable books for the rec
ords of the secretary and accounts of the
wharfingers, together with such station
ery as may be required by the board;
and to lix and regulate, from, time to
time, the rates of dockage, wharfage.
c<an&ce, tolls and rents; and collect such
ai amount of revenue therefrom as will
enable the Commissioners to perform the
duties required of them by authority of
this article; and the Commissioners and
Governor of California may so modify
and establish such rates of dockage and,
wharfage as will produce a revenue not
to exceed in amount the moneys collected
in the year ls"T5, collecting as near as pos
sible equal amounts from dockage and
wharfage.
WHARF CONSTRUCTION.
When such modification has been
made the collection of tolls must be
abolished and the toll collectors dis
charged. The Commissioners shall con
struct such number of wharves as the
wants of commerce shall require, and
shall locate such wharves at such points
and upon such lines as the board may
dt<?m most suitable for the best interests
of commerce, and shall repair and main
tain all the wharves, piers, quays, land
ings and thoroughfares the wants of
commerce may require, and generally to
erect all such improvements as may be
necessary for the safe landing, loading
and unloading and protection of all
classes of merchandise, and for the
safety and convenience of passengers
passing into mid out of the city and
county of San Francisco by water.
DOCKS TO BE EXTENDED.
The proposed amendment throws oft
the &X> foot limit on the length of all
wharves and docks and provides for the
construction of a plant for the preserva
tion of piles and docks by adding the fol
lowing new paragraph:
And for the purpose of repairing said
wharves, piers, quays and landings, the
Commissioners are hereby authorized
and empowered to purchase or construct
pi If- drivers and the neo-ssary machinery
to be used therewith, and employ men
for operating the same, nor shall any
wharf be constructed upon such place or
line as will cause any slip or dock to be
less than 136 feet wide at the most nar
row point between th« wharves. The
CcimiTiSsFioners are hereby authorized
¦ad < mpowered to purchase or construct
works for preserving piles and timb»r.
an-l the necessary machinery to be used
therewith, and operate said works, and
for that purpose to employ men and
purchase chemicals, or such other ma
terials as may be necessary for the pre
serving of piles and timber. The pur
chase of chemicals can be made without
advertising for proposals therefor.
MUST CALL FOR BIDS.
\\ nen tney determine that a new whirf
enall be erected, or any other necessary
Improvement constructed, or repairs
made, or dredging machines, plledrivers,
scow?, steam tugs or any necessary rra
chinery or material obtained, the costs of
which shall exceed JJWuO, they shall adver
tise for sealed proposals, for a period of
not less than ten days, in on£ or more of
the daily newspapers in the city and
county of San Francisco. Every proposal
shall be accompanied by a certified check
for an amount equal tc 5 per cent of the
amount of euch proposal. Buch check to
be made payable to the order of the sec
retary of eaid board, conditioned if the
proposal is accepted and the contract
awarded; and if the bidder shall fall or
neglect to execute the contract and give
the bond required within six days after
the award is made, in that case the said
sum mentioned in said check shall be paid
into the State Treasury by said secretary,
as liquidated damages for such failure
and neglect, as a portion of the San Fran
cisco harbor improvement fund.
REJECTION OF PROPOSALS.
Such advertisement shall contain a gen
eral description of the work to be done,
the material to be used, the place where
to be used, and must refer to specifica
tions, which must contain a full and ac
curate description of the work to be per
formed, the material to be used and where
to be used; which specifications shall be
kept in the office of the secretary of the
board in such manner that aJI persons
may inspect tne same during the usual
business hours of all days except Sundays
and holidays. On a day named in the ad
vertisement the Commissioners shall open
the bids in the presence of such bidders
as are present, and award the contract
to the lowest bidder, who shall furnisn
sufficient sureties to guarantee the per
formance of tho work. If in the opinion
of the Commissioners the bids are too
high, they may reject them and advertise
anew in like manner as before. If in the
opinion of the Commissioners the second
bids are too high, they may reject them
likewise, and enter into contract with re
sponsible parties without giving further
notice.
DREDGING REGULATIONS.
Any contract entered into without giv
ing public notice and receiving bids must
bn at leapt 10 per cent lower than the low
est rejected bid. The board may construct
such harbor embankments or seawall as
shall be necessary to protect the harbor
of San Francisco, and dredge such num
ber of slips and docks as the commerce of
the port of San Francisco ' may require to
a depth that will admit of the easy and
£ree ingress and egress of all classes of
water craft that load and discharge car
goes at the wharves, piers, quays, land
ings and thoroughfares in the harbor of
San Francisco; to perform which dredging
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners
are hereby authorized and empowered to
purchase or construct dredging machines,
ecows, eteam tugs and the necessary ma
chinery, and employ men for operating
the same. When any portion of the prem
ises described in this article shall be
dredged the sand, mud or other substance
shall be deposited in a place designated by
the beard in not less than fifteen fathoms
of water.
DOCKAGE RATES FIXED.
All classes of water craft that use or
make fast to any wharf, pier, quay, land
ing or thoroughfare and lands upon or
loads therefrom any goods, wares or mer
chandise, shall be liable and must pay to
the Commissioners such rates of dockage
as bhall be fixed by authority of this arU
clo; and all such water craft as shall dis
charge or receive any groods. wares or
mfrcnandfpe while moored In any slip
dock or basin within the jurisdiction or
the Commissioners shall pay one-half the
regular rates of dockage. Any . water
craft that shall leave any wharf, pier
quay, landing, thoroughfare, slip, dock or
basin, unless forced to do co by stress of
weather, without first paying the dockage
due from such vessel shall be liable to
pay double the regular rates. The charge
for wharfage and tolls *>haU be a Hen upon
all goods, wares and merchandise landed
upon any of the wharves, piers, quaya,
landings or thoroughfares upon the prem
isf-s described in this article; and the Com
missioners, their agents or lessees, may
hold possession of any such goods, wares
or merchandise so landed as aforesaid to
secure the payment of 6uch wharfage and
tolls; and for the purpose of such lien are
deemed to have possession of such goods,
wares and merchandise so landed until
such charge for wharfage and tolls are
paid.
CLEAR FAIRWAY DEMANDED.
The Commissioners shall have power to
make reasonable rules and regulations
concerning; th© control and management
of the property of the State which is in
trusted to them by virtue of this article,
and said Commissioners are hereby au
thorized and required to make, without
GAGE BOWS SUBMISSIVELY
TO HIS MEXICAN MASTER
CONTINUED FROM FIRST PAGE
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Home Cures.
FREE BOOK FOR IN.
Thousands of men ar« curtd at home
.wrrrw « you cannot visit San Fraa-
c7.£ *r\% for free private book. «dvlce.
SonttOfl'llat. etc. All correspond.aca
"SoWm* on envelope, or packages to
Indicate name of sender.
Cures Seat Safsly by Mall or Eipress.
nn MBYKR3 & CO. «lTe men laatlns
manhood, and cur» th» tollovnns aJl-
menta.
Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases Despondency
Heart Diseases Nervous Debility
Spine Diseases (General Debility
Stomach Diseases Loss of Memory
Private Diseases Blood Poison
No ncurable Cases Taken at Any Pric:
PAY WHEN CURED.
Patients may deposit the price ot a cure
In any San Kranclsco bank, to be paid
only after they are well, or may pay In
monthly Installments. Prices reasonable.
No Injurious medicines used.
MEIN ONLY.
PR. METERS & CO. are the only spe-
cialists on the Pariflc Coast who cure dls-
ea«es and weakness of men exclusively.
DR. MEYEK3 A CO. conduct the larjf-
eat and best equipped medical institution
and have the most extensive practice in
the world. They avoid the use of all min-
eral poisonous or dangerous drugs and
electric belts. All their remedies are
carefully compounded from the extracts
of bud*, bark, berries, (turns, roots,
leaves, plants, etc.. In their private
laboratory, without cost to their patients.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
A Staff of Skilled Specialists,
Established 19 Years.
731 MARKET ST., SAN RAHCISCO.
Mention this paper.
delay, and from time to time, and pub
lish! not less than thirty days in a daily
newspaper of general circulation pub
lished in the city and county of San
Francisco, all needful rules -and regula
tions not Inconsistent with the laws of
the State or of the United States In re
lation to the mooring and anchoring of
vessels in said harbor, providing and
maintaining free, open and unobstructed
passageways for steam ferry boats and
other steamers navigating the waters of
the bay of San Francisco and the fresh
water tributaries of said bay, so that such
steamers can conveniently make their
trips without Impediment from vessels at
anchor or other obstacles. And said Com
missioners may also , make all needful
rules and regulations governing the re
moval of such vessels from the wharves
and other landings, and from slips and
docks as are not engaged in receiving or
discharging cargo, prescribing the time
during which goods, wares and merchan
dise landed upon any wharf, pier, quay,
landing or. thoroughfare shall be permit
ted to remain thereon, and may divide the
same into several classes, and may, by
such rules and regulations, provide that
in case any such goods, wares or mer
chandise remain upon any wharf, pier,
quay, landing or thoroughfare beyond the
term so prescribed, the respective wharf
inger may, under the order of the Com-
urer to transfer to the San Francisco
harbor improvement fund moneys now
in San Francisco depot sinking fund.
"The people of the State of California,
represented In Senate and Assembly, do
enact as follows:
"Section I— The State Treasurer Is
hereby directed to transfer to the San
Francisco harbor Improvement fund
from the San Francisco depot sinking
fund the Bum of thlrty-slx thousand dol
lars ($36,000). — •
"Section 2— The State Treasurer Im
mediately after making the transfer pro
vided for In this act shall notify the
State Controller of the same, and the
State Controller shall thereupon make
a corresponding transfer upon the
books of his office.
"Section 3— This act shall take effect
Immediately."
A NEW COMMISSIONER.
FIFTH
To consider and pass and re-enact n lnw
to take Immediate effect creating a Com
missioner of Public Works, defining his
powers and duties and fixing his compen
sation, and to repeal all acts and parts of
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
mission, to provide a uniform &<"""
ruent and management of tn© ""?,„
Hospitals for the Insane and to prov fie
for the care, custody and apprehension
of persons believed to be Insnne. and tn*
commitment of Insane persons ana
providing for the transfer of unexpeiiu
ed appropriations of moneys and prop
erties," approved March 31. 1597.
ASYLUM EMPLOYES.
TWELFTH.
To consider and enact laws amending
an act of the Legislature of th» State
of California entitled "An act to es
tablish a State Lunacy Commission, to
provide a uniform government and
management of the State Hospitals for
the Insane, and to provide for the care,
custody and apprehension of persona
believed to b* "Insane, and the commit
ment of Insane persons, and providing
for th« transfer of unexpended appro
priations of moneys and properties."
approved March SI, ISO 7, and also
amending an act of i>ald Legislature
entitled "An act to amend sections 3,
5, 6 and 8 of article 2 of an act en
titled 'An act to establish a State
Lunacy Commission, to provide a uni
form government and management of
the State Hospitals for the Insane, and
to provide for the care, custody and ap
prehension of persons bellayed to be In
sane, and the commitment of Insane
persons, and providing for the transfer
of unexpended appropriations of moneys
and properties,' " approved March 31, 1837,
empowering the Governor to sum
marily remove for cause all medical su
perintendents and assistant physicians,
or any of them, of the several State Hos
pitals referred to In said acts of the Leg
islature.
LUNACY BOARD RULES.
THIRTEENTH.
To consider and enact laws amending
an act of the Legislature of the State
of California entitled "An act to estab
lish a State Lunacy Commission, to pro
vide a uniform government and manage
ment of the State Hospitals for the In
sane, and to provide for the care, cus
tody and apprehension of persons be
lieved to be insane, and the commitment
of Insane persons, and providing for the
trnnsfer of unexpended appropriations of
moneys and properties," approved March
31, 1697. And also amending an act of
said Legislature entitled "An act to amend
sections 3, 5, 6 and 8 of article 2 of an act
entitled 'An act to establish a State
Lunacy Commission, to provide a uni
form government and management of the
State Hospitals for the Insane, and to
provide for the caro, custody and appre
hension of persons believed to be Insane,
and the commitment of Insane persons,
and providing for the transfer of unex
pended appropriations of moneys and
properties.' " approved March 31. IS&7. au
thorizing and empowering the State Com
missioners in Lunacy to fix the salaries of
all officers and employes either appointed
or elected of the several State hospitals
referred to In said acts of the Legis
lature.
REMOVAL OF OFFICIALS.
FOURTEENTH,
To consider and enact a law, to take
immediate effect, empowering the Gov
ernor of the State of California to «um
marlly remove for cause ail public of
ficers appointed by or under the author
ity of the Governor, whether holding for
definite terms or otherwise.
FIFTEENTH.
To consider and enact a law, to take
immediate effect, empowering the Gov
ernor of the State of California to sum
marily suspend for cause, during a recess
of the Legislature, for and during: such
interim until the next succeeding session
of the Legislature, all appointees of the
Governor whose appointments are subject
to confirmation by the Senate of the State
of California.
SIXTEENTH,
To allow the Governor to send nam»»
of appointees to public offices to the Sen
ate of the State of California for con
firmation.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and caused the great seal of this
State to be hereunto affixed, at my office
in the city of Sacramento, this 23d day of
January. A. D. 1900.
(Seal) HENRY T. GAGE.
Governor of the State of California.
Attest: C. F. CURRY.
Secretary of State.
?
TEXAS LEGISLATURE
IN EXTRA SESSION
Convened to Consider the Proposed
Eevision of the State's Tax
System.
AUSTIN. Texas, Jan. tl.— The Texas
Legislature was convened In special ses
sion to-day for the consideration of the
proposition from the Tax Commission,
created at the last session, to revise the
entire taxation system of the State. The
Governor's message, explanatory of the
proposed bill, was submitted soon after
the two houses met to-day and after its
reading the Legislature adjourned until
to-morrow, when the active consideration
of the proposed taxation law will be be
gun.
This measure Is far-reaching, being
termed a dragnet that will greatly In
crease corporation and personal property
taxes, and Is in many instances so dras
tic that it has. occasioned much opposi
tion. In fact, a poll of the Legislature
shows that many of the members are op
posed to the bill and there promises to be
a lively and long fight.
The corporations suffer severely in the
levy of taxes under this proposed law
and the taxation of mortgages and notes
as contemplated in the bill will occasion
a fight from a large portion, of the
wealthy people of the State as well as
the banking interests.
<U>"i* 2S^ INJECTION. i
|: A PERMANENT CURE f
• ! c 'j n «p*t obstinate cases of Gonorrhea >
,| and Gleet, enarsnteed tn from 3 to 6 1 '
1 , aajs ;nc other treatment required. < '
J > Sold by all drusrgfata. ' '
COAL. COXB A.ND Pia IROX
J- t- niLOUil tt UJ-, Telephone Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BL.YTH. Vgr.
C W <J"HiTH 6h 'P Plumbing. Staamboat
W- T* O !5 . 1 11 «nd Ship Work a Specialty. \i
and IS Washington it. Telephone Mala SSH.
FRESH AMD SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES4 CO . WTi<HS^b?*
FUPS.
JK I ftF^TAH ' 4 K »*"V tf- upttsir* Uf«*
. !!• LiVrjl Alt, t*ylt». '«w«tt pries* r«mod»linj.
P&PBU DRALER9.
WII I 1 MFTTP Pt-'LP AND PAPER CO..
»TILL«:rIEI IE 722 Montgomery st
vaurrutx
E.C HUGHES. ms*™™?:*.*.
W. T. HESS.
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOKKET-AT-LAW
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus S D reck«U Bid*
Telephone Browa ML
Sa^Frtn'cU: 1 Ca ' lf ° rnla "- ™" *««U.
2nerves • and nerve-
center*. HUDYAN will
rrt-ntt ro*r cbeek» and bright eyes. HUDYAN
'.r :rr men and women. It '.* arreeable to take,
ecreesble in It? effect. HUDYAN possesses
Peculiar curative properties that belong to no
o'.h-r remf!:'.
HUDYAN i«i for sale by <!ru Frists. 50c a
• r ..-. •¦ cr fix pfcckapeM for $2 EQ.
IT your drups-ist does not keep HUDYAN,
tend direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton. EMU and Market Streets,
F.AN FRANCISCO. CAU
t CONSULT t Ccnsu!t Fr *« the
FREE. I Hudypn Doctors. Call
+ ? or write to them.
Continued on Fourth Page.
the deal. He had never had any au«
thority to dispose of Woods' vote. In one
of his letters ho had referred to some one
as an "incubus."
"To whom did you refer?" asked F&ulk
ner.
"To Marcus Daly," came the reply
promptly.
In another letter he expressed the
opinion that it was Important that Clarlc
should see Woods first, but he said that
his purpose in this was simply to "brtns
Clark to time."
In reply to a question as to whether he
had been promised anything for comlnff
to Washington to testify In this case
Ector said that Receiver Ranft of the
Missoula Land Ofllce had advanced him
$100 taking an order upon the committee.
"In one of your letters you speak of
having received an offer of $5000 from the
opposition to Clark." said Birney on re
direct examination. "Was that a fact?"
"No. sir." responded the witness; "that
was a bluff."
Ector was then excused, and the com
mittee took a recess until 3 o'clock.
State Senator J. R. McKay. Republican,
from Custer County. Montana, said he
was one of the four Republicans of the
Legislature who had refused to vote for
Clark. He said the announcement of the
intention of the Republicans to change
their votes to Clark was not made unul
the last Republican caucus previous to
the election of United States Senator.
There was very little *ald at this caucus,
and after the ten men withdrew the four
remained, deciding to continue to vote for
a Repuhllcan. Ho had been approached
once or twice and asked to vote for Clark.
Among those who had come to see him
was Senator Phillips, who said he <*ould
get $1.">.00<) for his vote. He had declined
to enter Into an agreement of the kind.
The next witness was B. J. Fln*>. a
Democratic member of the Legis.attir©
from Madison County, who said he had
been a friend of Senator Clark for many
years and had been one of his active sui>
porters In the campaign for the Senate.
Campbell subjected the witness to a
searching investigation. He first inquired
as to Fine's financial condition prior to
the election. He had had enough to Hv«»
on and thousrht his cash amounted to>
about $300 or 1500. Mis business was then,
as now. that of a mining operator. Upon
starting to Helena to attend the session
of the legislature ho had deposited $330
or J-KX* for his daughter. He had since
that time deposited more money In the
bank, putting in $2000 in June, but It waa
not true Pollard held a certificate for J3259
belonging to him. Fine said that he had
received the J2OOO which he had deposited
In June from the bank of W. A. Clark,
and had taken It from Butte at the In
stance of AVellcome. This was part pay
ment for services and expenses In worlc
he was doing for Clark on an arrang*
ment made with the Senator soon after
the latter's election. On this business, he
said, he was still employed, fie had ever
since then been engaged In working fv>r
the disbarment of Senator .W. A. Clarlc
of Madison County. He had been engaged
to do this work by Senator Clark him
self, but no specific compensation had
been agreed upon. Since getting th* $2000
he had received about $3000 more, making
$.">OOO in all. Since the meeting of the Leg
islature he had not received any money
from any other source than Clerk. Ha
had never rendered any account to Clarlc
nor kept a memorandum book, but had
kept the whole matter in his memory.
THE STEAMER TOWNSEND.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 23.— News of the wreck of the steamer Townsend near
Haines Mission, Alaska, January 16, was brought by the steamer Cottage City,
which arrived to-day. The Townsend was on her way from » Juneau to Haines
Mission when one of her steam valves gave out and weakened the machinery
to such an extent that she was soon drifting helplessly. A heavy wind was blow
ing and soon threw her stern first on the rocks at Rocky Point, midway be
tween Battery Point and Haines Mission. She was almost Immediately driven,
broadside on- the reef and began filling, .which caused her to list heavily to star
board. Captain McKenzie ordered a lifeboat lowered and sent the passengers
and part of the crew ashore, the officers remaining with the ship.
Ten minutes after striking the captain ordered Purser Carey below to sum
mon all hands on deck to abandon the ship, as from the position she was then oc
cupying It was feared that possibly she would take a heavy list to starboard
and roll completely over, sinking in sixty-two fathoms of water. In the mean
time a life line had been cast ashore and all the passengers and part of the crew
had landed safely. Twenty minutes after she struck she started to list so heav
ily that her keel was showing on the rocks on shore and the small boat was
pulled back to the ship to take the officers, including Captain McKenzie, who all
slid down the line from the vessel. Passengers and crew walked to Haines Mis
sion, and at last accounts the Townsend was still hanging to the rocks. The
steamer Is a total wreck.
The Townsend was brought from Portland two years ago to take a party of
prospectors to Alaska, but was damaged by fire and the project waa abandoned.
She ran between Seattle and Nome last fall • and this winter has been plying
from here to Skaguay. She waa owned by Charles D. Lane of San Francisco.
f?f »
isk*»s? nn vnn
i^^^ DU lUu
TirM lar.jrulfl. careworn, nervous, weary-
such is the 'feeling of those who are on the
vertr» of Nervous Prostration. Such a feeling
Indicates Nerve Weakness or Nervous Exhaus-
tion. Less of apj^tite, *le*plessness, dizzy
»r*lls— these are other Indications of Imp^nci-
in« danger. HUDYAN will save you; HCD-
YAN will restore you tn perfect hf-alth.
Have you headache* (Fig. 1). hollow eyes or
<isrk circle-! under ey»*« fFljt. 2). a 'pa!e or
emaciated face <K!p. Z). coated tongue (Fi?.
IL rall''-tat!on "f heart (Vis. E). impaired dl-
p.ition <F!e- €)? If so, take HUDYAN, by
nil means.
HUDYAN will restore to you the rlow of
health. HUDYAN will relievo any and all of
th* shove «ymptoms. HUDYAN will make you
ctrc&s.
Activity, enerjry.
4-— ?• rheerfulncFs. a. good
MRN AND I dlpfß'.ion-all these Ix?-
W^MEN lcn^ to >' ou - '•' your
ADVISFf) I nerve* are strong;.
FHFF HUDYAN will Klve
' Pal! or Writ** )ou these - for Hl ' D "
I Call or ••rite. I VAN strenpthe ns the
STEAMER TOWNSEND
TOTALLY WRECKED
Ran on the Rocks on the Alaskan Coast.
Crew and Passengers Escape.
FIFTIETH ANNUAL STATEMENT OF* THE
CONNECTICUT
Fire Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD.
JAmJARY 1, 1800.
CASH CAPITAL $1,000,000
THE ASSETS OF THE COMPANY ARE AS FOLfcOWS:
MORTGAGE LOANS „ 91.100.540.00
COLLATERAL, LOANS R0.000.00
REAL ESTATE 221.700.00
CASH ON HAND AND IN BANK 224.656.ftS
CASH IN HANDS OF AGENTS 174.356.10
BONDS. Par Value. Market Value.
Dominion of Canada, 4 per cent 1ir0.000.00 $102,000.00
State of Georgia, 44 per cent 35.000.00 25.750.00
Territory of Arizona 50.000.00 83.500.00
City of Astoria. Oregon 17.000.00 15.ft20.00
City of Dallas, Texas 12.C00.00 12,«O0.0O
City of Duluth. Minn S.^S.CO 3.20«.00
City of FarßO, N. D., 6 per cent ' 5.C00.00 ».J«0.0O
City of Farno. N. D.. 7 per cent 9.000.00 9.C0.00
City of Helena. Montana 20.CC0.00 11.400.00
City of Middletown. Conn 10.C00.00 10.500.C0
City of Pawtucket. R. 1 30.0C0.00 J1.500.C0
City of Portland, Oregon 25,000.00 19.TtO.Vt
City of Richmond. Va 50.0n0.00 50.0n0.00
City of Salem, Oregon 11.n00.00 11.850.00
City of Salt Lake. Utah 40.000. 00 44.000.00
City of Seattle, Wai«hlnßton 25.000. C0 K.SOO.to
City of Urbana. Ohio 15.000.00 15,000.00
Hennepln Co. and Minneapolis City, Minn 25.000.00 2*,000.00
Wayne County. Michigan 25.000.00 25.J50.00
Mankato School District. Minn 15.000.00 . 15.0n0.00
School District No. 24. Marlon County. Ore 13.000. C0 14,040.00
South School District Notes. Hartford. Conn 25.0d0.00 25.000.09
Black Rocks & Salisbury Beach St. R. R. Co 10.000.00 10.000.00
Broadway & Seventh Avenue R. R. Co 20.000.00 11.000. 00
C, B. & Q. R. R. Co., 3Vi per cent 5.000.00 «,00O.0O>
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co., 4 per cent «.000.00 f.120.00
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. Consolidated 7 per cent 5.000. 0<> 3.(00.00
Chicago, St. Louis & New Orleans R. R. Co 25.000.00 J4.250.C0
Chicago & Northwestern R. R. Co 5,000.00 5.400.00
Chicago & Western Indiana R. R. Co 23.000.00 2«.«50.C0
Cln., D. & Ironton R. R. Co.. Guaranteed 15,000.00 18.500. 00
Cm.. Hamilton & Dayton R. R. Co 50.000.00 82.500.00
Cleve., Cln.. Chic. & St. L. R. R. Co 10.W50.00 9.300.C0
Cleve. Electric Railway Co 20.000.00 Jn.SOO.OO
Cleveland & Mahonln? Valley R. R. Co 10.000.00 12,500.00
Dayton & Michigan R. R. Co 25.000.00 J7.500.00
Detroit. Grand Rapids &. Western R. R. Co 5.500.C0 3.2*V00
Fitchbursc R. R. Co E0.000.00 53.500.00
Harlem River Sc Port Chester R. R. Co., Guaranteed 40.000. 00 44.«00.00
Hartford Street Railway Co 25.000.C0 25.250.00
Illinois Central R. R. Co 25.000.00 J4.500.00
Lehljth Valley Railway Co J5.000.00 M.250.00
Lynn & Boston Railway Co 10,000.00 10,«00.00
Minneapolis & St. Louis R. R. Co 50,000.00 48.000.00
Norfolk & Western R. R. Co 25.000. 00 J2.250.00
North Chicago Street R. R. Co 10,000.00 in.500.00
N. V Central and H. R. R. R. Co 25.000.00 J6.500.00
N V., Lackawanna & Western R. R. Co 23,000.00 X 5.250.00
N Y. N H. & H. R. R. Co.. Debenture Ctfs 40.000.00 55.750.00
Perm. & N. Y. Canal & R. R. Co 25.0n0.00 25.500.00
Port Reading R. R. Co 10.000.00 10.500.09
Southern Pacific R. R. Co 39.000.00 40.9R0.00
St Louis & San Francisco R. R. Co 25.C00.00 J5.0n0.00
Toledo & Ohio Central R. R. Co 15.f1Q0.00 15.5C0.00
Waterbury, Conn., Traction Co 10.000.00 10.200.n0
W. Chicago St. R. R. Co 10,00.00 10.500.C0
W. Chicago St. R. R. Tunnel Co 10.000.00 10.100.00
Adams Express Co 23.000. 00 W.W0.00
Brooklyn Wharf & Warehouse Co 73.000.00 57.000. 00
Chicago Edison Company J5.000.00 J7.000.0i>
Hartford Electric Light Co 10.000. 00 10.J00.00
Minneapolis Gas-Light Co 23.0T0.00 25.750.00
People's Gas Light and Cnke Co.. Chicago 25.CC0.00 28.250.00
Northwestern Telegraph Company 15.cm.C0 18.500.00
Central Safety Deposit Co.. Chicago 13.000.00 13.000.00
Traders' Safe and Trust Co.. Chicago 10.CCO.CO 10.000.00
STOCKS.
150 shares Bald Eagle Valley R. R. Co.. Guaranteed *7.5n0.00 114.83.00
594 shares Chic. Bur. & Quincy R. R. Co 33.*0rt.00 45.0«8.n0
150 shares Chicago & N. W. R. R. Co 15.W0.c0 23.700.00
24' sharts Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific R. R. Co 24.i00.n0 25.534.00
ISO shares N. Y. Cent. & Hudson River R. R. Co IS. "00. CO W. 500.00
375 shares N. V., N. H. & H. R. R. Co 37.5C0.00 77.823.n0
300 shares Pitts.. F. W. & Chicago R. R. Co 30.000.0rt 54.000.00
¦•00 shares Empire &B. S. Telegraph Co.. Guaranteed ..." :. 20.000. 00 14.« no.«»
600 shares Northwestern Telegraph Co., Guaranteed 30.000.00 34.200.00
167 shares First Nat. Bank. Minneapolis 18.700.00 18.700.n0
100 shares Importers' & Traders' Nat. Bank. N V 10.f100.n0 50.Qn0.00
11 shares Second Nat. Bank. New Haven 1.100.00 1.570.C0
100 shares Aetna National Bank. Hartford 10.000. C0 18.800.0<>
93 shares Charter Oak National Bank. Hartford 9.300.00 5.370.00
123 shares Farm, and Mech. Nat. Bank. Hartford 12.500. 00 14.250.C0
IS"> shares First National Bank, Hartford 15.500.00 Jl.rt9o.no
300 shares Hartford National Bank. Hartford 30.C00.00 <0,500.00
4V» shares National Exchange Bank. Hartford 20.600.00 25.958. C0
150 shares Phoenix National Bank, Hartford 15.0f10.00 11.000.00
45 shares Conn. Trust & S. D. Co.. Hartford .• 4.300.C0 8,325.00
TOTAL ASSETS... f3.560. 451.73
CASH CAPITAL :.... S .^ RT /. f 1.000.000.00
RESERVE FOR REINSURANCE l,. < «M>.«*n7.l4
ALL OUTSTANDING CLAIMS 200.714.00
NET SURPLUS 1.06.H.M39.71
TOTAL ASSETS f3.9e0.451.7S
J. D. BROWNE, President.
CHARLES R.BURT, Secy. L. W. CLARKE, Ass't Secy.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
Manager Pacific Dept
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
tlefleld argued, could not be added to. If
they could and the House now excluded a
member because he was guilty of polyg
amous practices, next year It might ex
clude for adultery or because a member
was an attorney for a trust or an octopus
or for any other reason. The right of a
member to his seat was a constitutional
right. He took issue with the majority as
to the power of the House to expel a
member for acts committed before his en
trance into the Houee, citing case after
case in support of his contention. First,
he went back to the case of John Wilkes,
the famous English champion of free
speech, who was three times excluded and
twice expelled from the House of Com
mons, the second time for an act for
which he had been sent to prison five
years before. He quoted from various let
ters the denunciation of the damnable
doctrine that a single House of Parlia
ment could alter, suspend or abrogate the
law of the land. He went' back to the
constitutional debates to prove that Con
gress could not add to the qualifications
of members negatively stated In the con
stitution.
After depicting the conditions that
surrounded the framing of this provision
of the constitution and quoting the words
of Madison, Hamilton and Jefferson, he
asked triumphantly who there was who
could shatter the crucible of history
which surrounded It or the declaration
of the men who framed It. Who would
undertake to impeach the integrity of the
men who were present at the dawn of
our history.
Some of the precedents cited by Tayler
¦were ridiculed by Llttlefleld. He chal
lenged Tayler's authorities. Llttlefleld
said that the majority was driven back
to support Its contention for additional
qualifications upon the general welfare
clause of the constitution. He won the
first burst of applause while ridiculing
the attempt of the majority to dispose
of Justice Story's opinion by stating that
he had not sought to give his own ideas,
but only the ideas of others. They would,
said Littlefield, make him the "Boswell
of the constitution." (Great laughter.)
Littlefield said the minority stood with
Burke, the statesman of the eighteenth
century, with Jefferson, Madison, Hamil
ton, Morris and the men who framed the
constitution: with the decisions of the
courts of Maryland, Montana and Vir
ginia; with the opinions of Story, Cooley.
Cushing, John Randolph. Tucker and
Webster. He then challenged Tayler's
statement that no precedent existed
against exclusion, citing the case of Ben
jamin Stark in the Senate in 1862, who
was charged with disloyalty, yet who
was seated by the Senate without preju
dice to subsequent action against him.
The majority, he pointed out, had cited
this case, but had not informed the
House of this fact.
"I believe." said Littlefleld. concluding
his comment on this particular case,
"that Roberts has a full constitutional
right to a seat in this House."
The applause which swept over the
floor In response to this statement ex
tended to the galleries, many of the
ladles there participating.
The Whittemore case, which occurred
immediately after the war, Llttlefield said
was a poor precedent. The passions of
the war had not cooled and he believed
the action of the House In excluding
Whittemore at that time on the ground of
selling oadetshlps was : unwarranted and
ill advised. (
Littlefield attacked the proposition of
the majority that Roberts had violated
th» compact between Utah and the United
States. He asked where the authority for
the statement that there was an under
standing between a State and the United
States came from. Eloquently he declared
that the idea of a compact between the
States had been the father of secession,
blotted out by the lives of a half million
men.
Llttlefleld's defense of the proposition
of the minority that the House had a
right to expel Roberts concluded his ar
gument. He aroused a great deal of en
thusiasm when he recalled the difficult
Eosltion In which ex-Speaker Reed had
een placed in the last Congress when
General Wheeler returned from the Span
ish war covered with laurels to resume
his seat In the House and the difficult
task of Speaker Henderson, then chair
man on Judiciary, who was obliged to re
port against General Wheeler. No mere
patriotic sentiment permitted them to
override the plain dictates of their duty.
Proceeding, he pointed out the unques
tioned right of either house to oxpel a
member for any cause deemed sufficient.
This power was unquestioned, and before
It was exercised Roberts should be sworn
in.
"We state upon our consciences and
oaths." said he, "that he should have the
full benefit of the fundamental law of the
land." (Loud applause.)
Llttlefield closed rather abruptly. Tay
ler then r?newed his request for an agree
ment for a vote at 4 o'clock on Thurs
day. Crumpacker of Indiana objected.
Upon the request of Tayler Roberts was
then given one and a half hours In which
to present his side of the case. He spoke
at first very low, but his voice soon rose
and he was at ease apparently.
The two arguments just presented, he
began, made It appear that there was a
difference of opinion as to the method of
procedure in the case of the member from
Utah. From his standpoint he could
agree with neither view presented.
"I find myself In a position," said he,
"where I might say with propriety 'A
plague on both your houses,' since both
propose my undoing (laughter), but," he
continued, "the situation Is not altogeth
er without Its advantages."
He was convinced with the minority
that the House had no right to exclude
him and with the majority that once ad
mitted he could not be expelled.
"Between the two," said he, "matters
fall out about as I would have them and
substantial Justice will be done." (Re
newed laughter.)
Roberts gave notice that he should ap
propriate the arguments of the majority
against expulsion and those of the minor
ity against exclusion. His constitutionaj
qualiiications were admitted by both the
majority and minority of the committee
and he declared that the members of the
House, if they had regard for the consti
tution of their country, would call him
back to the bar from which he had been
Improperly turned away. He warned the
House that nations fell because they de
parted from their traditions. If a nation
indulged In "constitutional Immorality"
It died as did the Individual who was
puilty of physical immorality. He be
seeched the House not to yield to the
clamor of unthinking people. What was
the emergency for this proposed depart
ure from the constitution? A man who
had married in the sanctity of the church
a plural of wives had been elected to Con
gress. The cry had gone up that the
American home was endangered and
these extraordinary proceedings had been
Inaugurated against him. He continued:
For a few moments I want to pay attention
to the nature of this crime, not with a view of
showing that the American people have not the
right to establish monogamy as a system of
marriage that shall prevail and not for the
purpose of defending polygamy either; for In
the early debate that took place with reference
to this case on the floor of the Mouse I then
declared that I was not here to represent polyg
amy nor to defend it. We have long ago
passed that stage and the thing Is out of the
realm of discussion. I do not wish my remarks
construed as a defense of polygamy, but do want
to call attention to the nature of this crime, in
order that we may ascertain whether It is so
awful In Its aspect as to warrant a more law
less act than polygamy Itself. In order to re
buke a man who has been elected to the House
of Representatives. Take the Jewish people,
who were made the repository of God's revela
tion* to humanity. Tou shall not find the crime
of polygamy referred to among that people as
of the character It Is described here In the re
port of the committee. Evidently it Is malum
prohlbltum. It Is not mala in »c. If It were
you would not find the Jewish law enforcing li
under some circumstances, regulatlng.lt under
other circumstances, and men after God's own
heart sustaining those relations which are now
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— This has been
an oratorical field day in the House over
the case of Brigham H. Roberts, the Mor
mon Representative from Utah. The gal
leries were packed to suffocation, chiefly
with women, and the spectators, after
listening attentively to the arguments of
Tayler of Ohio and Littlefield of Maine,
for the adoption of the majority and mi
nority reports, respectively, of the special
committee that investigated the case, re
mained long after nightfall to hear the
impassioned words of the accused as he
faced the House like an animal at bay,
knowing that every hand was raised
against him.
Roberts was very adroit In the handling
of his case and at times exceedingly dra
matic. Taking ' advantage of the issue
raised by the division In the committee as
to the method of ousting him, he appropri
ated to himself the argument of the mi
nority that he was constitutionally en
titled to be sworn 'in, and the argument
of the majority that, once sworn in, he
could not be expelled. He defended the
action of the Mormons in fighting the au
thority of the United States for years
because, he said, they believed that senti
ment would change; and he dramatically
declared that in those days he would
rather have his flesh hewn from his bones
than to have renounced his religious ten
ets. He concluded with an eloquent pero
ration, in which he said he had never been
conscious of a shameful act, and if he was
sent forth he would go with head erect
and undaunted brow.
Strange to say, most of the applause he
won was from women. But while they ap
peared to be his only partisans, the other
women manifested their bitter hostility by
hissing him at every opportunity.
The speech made to-day by Llttlefield,
who succeeds the late Mr. Dingley, in de
fense of the minority proposition to seat
and then expel Roberts, was a masterful
effort and stamped him as one of the com
ing men of the House. The manner In
which, he tore some of the arguments of
the majority to shreds jumped him into
the front rank of debaters in the House.
The speech made a deep impression. In
fact, it is predicted to-night by many
members that the majority resolutions
for exclusion cannot now carry.
Lacey of lowa has a proposition which
he will" submit, to expel Roberts by a two
thirds vote, without seating him, which
will have supporters, and this may lead
to a compromise proposition.
Miss Roberts, daughter of Roberts, was
in the reserved gallery throughout the de
bate to-day. The debate will close next
Thursday at 4:30.
Nearly every member was in his seat
when Tayler of Ohio, chairman of the
special committee which investigated the
case, arose from back of a desk stacked
high with legal authorities and manu
script and called the oast. Tayler asked
that the agreement between the majority
and minority of the committee for a vote
on the case'at 4:30 p. m. on Thursday be
ratified by the House. Lacey of lowa ob
jected unless It be understood that a sub
stitute resolution which he desired to of
fer te also considered pending. To this
Tayler objected. He also objected to hav
ing l^ncey's proposition read, although ap
pealed to by Bailey of Texas and Rich
ardson of Tennessee. This proposition, as
it subsequently developed, was for the ex
pulsion of Roberts without swearing him
In.
The majority resolutions to exclude
him and the minority resolutions to per
mit him to be sworn In and then ex
pelled were laid before the House without
any agreement as to a vote.
Tayler opened In support of the major-
lty resolutions. He spoke clearly and
with great earnestness. When he began
Roberts changed his position to one near
the center aisle on the Democratic side,
where he could hear with more ease. Tay
ler said:
Chief Justice Waite in the Reynolds case In
1576, speaking of the claim that polygamy was
a rellk'lous practice, said: ¦¦ <\.
"To permit this would be in effect to permit
every citizen to become, a law unto himself.
Government could exist only In name under
such circumstances,'.' and Justice Matthews In
the Ramsey case in ISS4 declares in substance
that all political influence ought to be with
drawn from those who are practically hostile
to the establishment of a free, self-governing
commonwealth founded on th» Idea of a family
as consisting In and springing from the union
of the life of one man and one woman In the
holy state of matrimony.
If we are to attach any Importance to these
fundamental declarations of the highest court
we most declare, no matter what moral ques
tion may be Involved, that this case presents In
bold relief a question of governmental life, the
basis of which Is law.
Of the more than 76.0iX>,000 American citizens
all but the merest handful believe, and be
lieve with a mighty fervor. In the kind of
commonwealth which Justice Matthews says Is
found In the marriage relation existing for life
between one man and one woman. That Idea
has been for many years crystallized in solemn
and deliberate law. whoso principle and form
have been approved by the highest Judicial
authority. Such laws make Imperative demand
for universal respect and obedience, and the
duty of such respect and obedience presses
most urgently upon a representative of a peo
ple In a law-making body.
These prooositions are fundamental and -lelf
evldent. They lie at the root of things. They
are the bedrock on which written constitutions
re*t; they precede constitutions; constitutions
assume their pre-exlstence and their perpetual
existence. They are institutional.
If the minority be right the framers of the
constitution. If they had foreseen the Roberts
incident with Its defiance of the constitution
and the law and its denial of their validity
and supremacy as to him, would have said
Brigham H. Roberts Is eligible, and must bo
seated If elected. I say that no such pro
vision could have been adopted, and If It could
not it cannot be Implied.
Much is said about the moral side of this
question. Doubtless it has such a side, and If
that were the only consideration before us the
House might take the same action it will take.
But I do not here and now in the face of the
groat fundamental fact of disobedience to law
plus audacious defiance of It care to assert the
moral eround. . . •/ -"•'¦'. .'¦¦•
If we do not exclude this man we strike
down one of the most vital and necessary pow
ers that belongs to a great legislative body.
Let no such thing- be done. If it is not we
may be sure that never again while the spirit
of civilization dominates this republic will any
defiant violator of law under cover of re
ligion or any other claim, whether polygamlst
or murderer, knock for admission at the do< r
of the American Congress.
Tayler was emphatic In his assertions
that exclusion was in harmony with pre
cedent; expulsion In violation of it. He
amplified the three grounds for Roberts'
exclusion— lirst, because of his violation
of the Edmunds act; second, because he
was living in open, flagrant and notorious
violation of the statutes of the Congress
he seeks to enter; and, third, because his
election was a violation of the compact
by which Utah was admitted Into the
Union.
There were no demonstrations through
out Tayler's speech, but at the conclu
sion he was vigorously. applauded..
Llttlefleld of Maine, on oehalf of the
minority of the committee, then arose in
support of the minority's plan of seating
and then expelling Roberts. He recounted
at the outset the integrity, honesty and
ability of the majority of the committee,
but he could not concede Its Judgment.
The only issue between the majority and
minority was as to whether Roberts should
be excluded or expelled. The constitutional
qualiiications, age and inhabitancy, Llt-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— Some of the
letters written by Dr. Ector, the Missoula
dentist, to Senator Clark of Montana,
which have been missing for a week or
ten days, have arrived and were to-day
presented to the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections In connection
with the investigation of the charges of
bribery made against Clark in his Sena
torial contest.
There were five or six letters addressed
to Blckford and four to Clark. All were
identified by Ector, who was again
placed on the stand. There were only two
letters dated prior to the November elec
tion of 1593. They related to the contest.
In these he stated that the opposition of
Woods, the candidate for the House that
he was supporting, was working "like
fury," and that the Clark men "need
some encouragement."
"To make a thorough canvass of the
2000 voters of the county requires the
stuff," he said, and added that he want
ed at least $500.
The next two letters, of riaie respective
ly November 17 and 21, Just after the
legislative election, referred to the ef
forts of Woods and the opposition to get
him. He told of Woods' debts and said
he had agreed to be bound by whatever
he did in the premises. The later letters,
from December 7. IS9B. to October 31, ISH9.
related almost entirely to Ector's efforts
to collect what he thought was due to
him for his efforts in Clark's behalf. In
December he wrote to Clark saying he
did not know to whom he must apply for
his dues.
"Of course," he said, "I am after what
there i 3 in it for me."
In March he wrote to Bickford asking
him about the 10 per centum of his (Blck
ford'sj receipts from Clark which he
(Ector) considered he was to have. It
was also In March that he wrote his sec
ond letter to Clark. In this letter he re
viewed at length his efforts in Clark's be
half, expressing his continued loyalty to
Clark and his determined opposition to
Dalyism.
"If you strike while the Iron Is hot," he
wrote, "you can stampede the Irish
king."
He said In this letter that two of Daly's
men had promised 15000 to him during the
Senatorial contest for information as to
Clark's movements, but he had refused to
entertain the offer.
The last letter of the series was dated
October 31 last, and v/as addressed to
Clark. In this letter he asked if he was
to expect anything. In the letters he
pleaded povertj" and debt as the controll
ing reason for the pressure he was try-
Ing to bring to bear upon Clark.
On cross-examination Ector said that
Woods had been an original Clark man
and that he . probably would have re
mained so unless corrupt means were
used on the other side. He had thought
it possible that Woods might be con
trolled by getting possession of the mort
gage.
"I told Blckford that the best plan was
to pay off the mortgage and then he
would have strings on Woods and thus
have him solid."
He had told Woods that he could get
enough money out of Clark to pay his
debts, but he had declined to enter Into
ROBERTS USES HIS
CREED AS A DEFENSE
Arguments on tk Committee Reports Begun,
the Polugamlst Pleading His Own Cause
on the Floor of the House.
TWO REPORTS SUBMITTED
IN THE CASE OF QUAY
Majority Declares Against and the
Minority in Favor of Seating
the Pennsylvanian.
Special Dispatch to Tie Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Jan.
23— The Quay case is now formally before the Senate, bcth the majority and
minority reports of .the committees having btcn presented to-day. The ma
jority report holds that Quay is not entitled to a t>eai. It is signed by Sena
tors Ca.ff.rey, Pettus. Turley, Harris and Burrows. The opposite view is taken
by Senators Hoar, Chandler, Pritchard and McComas, all of whom are per-
Eor.ai friends of the PennsylvarJan.
The Call correspondent was to-day reliably informed by a member of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections that the probability that Governor
Gage might appoint Colonel Burns Senator from California in case Quay
were seated was a week or ten days agx> the subject of animated discussion in.
the committee-room while the deliberations were being secretly conducted. A
Democratic member cf the committee was equipped with copies of the San
Francisco Call and the Philadelphia North American, showing the character
cf the man who would be appointed from California if Quay were seated. It
is understood that Senator Hoar, chairman of the committee, was Inclined to
rule this argument out of order as being totally irrelevant. It was. generally
conceded around the board that it would be a. calamity If a man like Burns
wero appointed, but that this fear 6hou!d not influence Senators In deciding
the case cf Mr. Quay on its individual merits.
A Republican member of the committee quoted the constitution of the
United States and argued that each house of Congress was the sole judge of
the Qualifications of its members. It was pointed out that, although Roberts
via duly elected from Utah as Representative in Congress, the House had
decided not to allow him to take the oath of office, and a special committee
had reported In favor of rejecting him on the ground that he was morally
disqualified. This member of the Senate Committee said that, although he
wouid_yote to seat Mr. Quay, he would not regard this as a precedent. He
declared" thai, having voted for Quay, he would not feel bound to vote for the
admission cf Burns. Indeed, if after an investigation of the newspaper al
legations it were found that Burns' character was as bad as represented he
would vote against him on the ground that he, like Roberts, was morally
onfit.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— The reports of
the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions In the case of M. S. Quay, who
claims a seat in the United States Senate
on the strength of an appointment from
the Governor of Pennsylvania, were pre
sented in the Senate to-day. A majority
report, opposing the sealing of Quay, was
eigned by Ca.ff.ery, Pettus, Turley, Har
ris and Burrows, the last named being
;he only Republican sigr.ing it. The min
ority report bears the signatures of Hoar.
Chandler. Prttchard and McComas, all
Republican*, arid advocates giving the
teat to Quay.
The majority report first rtiiews the
circumstances under which Quay's ap
pointment was made. Including the fail
ure of the Pennsylvania Legislature to
elect a Senator. It then says:
After a vacancy in the office of United States
Sma: -r occurs cr comes to pass. If the next
I>g;flature does not fill It. it continues to ex
ist. It is the same vacancy, not a new one.
New. the State ex>vutive is given power to
make a temporary appointment in case of a
vacancy— ;,<_t as long as it continues or exists,
but only until the next meeting of the Legis
lature, wliieb is then required to fill the va
cancy. This clearly means that the paramount
ir.unt to have the Legislature choose the Sen
ators Is to prevail, and that whenever the Leg
islature hat had the opportunity to fill the va
cancy, either beiort or after it occurs, the ex
ecutive lias no power to appoint. And when
we take the rhrase "if vacancies hapi#n by
resignation cr otherwise during the recess of
the Legislature of any State." If we concede
that the general word "otherwise" Is not qual
ified or limited by the specific word ¦"resigna
tion." and that it includes vacancies which are
ccui-e/J f>- efflux of time, and which can be
i ore*e« n as »»ll as vacancies which are caiisM
bjr a casualty cr the happening of an unexpect
ed event, and which cannot be foreseen, still it
must t*» oofwtraad and defined with reference
to tfa* balance of the chrase, so as to give vf
fe<-t. to all its pans; and it thus retuits that
the vacancy, no matter how it is produced.
must hai-pen. take place cr l*?gin during a r«»
ress of the Legislature; and this <rf itself would
be decisive acainst Mr. Quay's claim.
Continuing, the report says
Thus construed, this clause cf the constitu
tion affords every facility for always keeping
the Senate filled with Ser.ators who are the real
representatives of their respective States. A
Pfr.ator who !s chosen by the Legislature cf his
Ftate is likely to be the choice of the majority
of the citizens cf his State. A Senator who
lc appointed by an executive is frequently only
the personal or political favorite of the execu
tive.
The Legislature, as we construe the clause,
chooses the Senator in the first instance. If
fee declines to serve or dies before he is In
ducted into office, or tf. after qualifying, he
dies, resigns cr is expelled, the executive may
tcake a temporary appointment until the Legis
lature meets again, or. if owing to changes in
Plate constitutions, the Legislature, which is
authorized to fill the t»rm at its commence
ment, cannot meet until after the term com
menced, the executive can also make a tem
porary appointment.
Every contingency is thus provided for ex
cept the sole contingency' that the Leglp'.ature
will fall to perform its sworn duty. Against
a contingency- of this kind the framers of the
constitution did not intend to provide.
After discussing at !<>njrth the circum
stances under which the constitution was
framed, the majority announces its con
clusion as follows:
VTe think that the framers of the constitution
never contemplated nor intended to proi-ide for
a case where a State, by its own deliberate
tct. should deprive Its Legislature of the power
to fill an entire term at Its beginning. In our
opinion they never Intended to give the execu
tive of a State the power to fill an entire term
by original appolr.tmer.t. unless, posslb'.y. In
a case where the Legislature had chosen, and
On another point the minority says:
It is said that if th<? Legislature has been In
session after a vacancy and has failed to fill
it the State is in fault; that the Legislature
has nerlected its duty, and so it is not unjust
that the State should suffer. There are two
answers to this argument: First, that it is
for the interest of the whole people that every
State should be fully represented; and, sec
ond, that there is no fault to be Imputed to
the Legislature of a State or to the people
where a majority vote is required, if there be
a failure to elect. Will anybody claim that
the cast of a failure to elect a President for
want of a constitutional majority, a case pro
vided for by conferring a power upon the
House of Representatives voting by States, is
the case of fault or negligence on the part of
the j>eople?
The minority then gives considerable
attention to the various cases and con
cludes as follows:
The caw of Allen of Washington was de
cided with the Le«», Mantle case and without
anriment. a decision to which Mr. Beckwith
of Wyoming submitted without further con
test. At that time there wae an earnest di
vision in the Senate on an important question
relating to the currency. 'which created for the
time being more earnest differences of opinion
than those existing between the two great po
litical parties on other questions. It was a
time not favorable- to a dispassionate, non
partisan Judgment. We prefer the authority
of the New Hampshire case, which was acted
on »i»o in the case of Mr. Pasco of Florida,
and we thr.ik that a decision which must In
evitably deprive States In the Union for lonsr
periods of time of their rightful representa
tion under the constitution will not be per
mitted long to stand, and that no settlement
of the question In derogation of the rights of
the States and, as we conceive, in violation of
the Intent of the framers of the constitution,
enould be acquiesced In.
the person elected had refused to accept be
fore qualification. In other words, we con
clude that the power of appointment was not
to be exercised unless the vacancy occurred in
the recess of the Legislature and was occa
sioned by some casualty like death or resig
nation.
The report then quotes numerous pre
cedents, beginning with that of Kensey
Johns of Delaware in 1794 and closing
with the case of Henry W. Corbett of Or
egon in l&te. It then ends as follows:
The statement of these cases and precedents
shows that from the beginning of the Govern
ment to the present time the Senate has never
recognized the right of a State executive to
make a temporary appointment where the va
cancy happened or occurred during a session of
the Legislature. It shows, further, that for
seventy-five years the Senate has refused to
recognize the right of a State executive to
make a temporary appointment, even where
the vacancy happened or occurred durinc a
recess of the Legislature, if the Legislature
either bofore or after It occurred and prior to
th» date of the appointment Jiad had an oppor
tunity to fill it.
Tfte fundamental principle thus established is
that if th» Legislature, either before or after
the happening of a vacancy, has had an oppor
tunity to nil it, then there is> no power in the
State executive to appoint. The result is fatal
to the claims of Mr. Quay. No danger or evil
has resulted to the Government fruin the en
forcement of this principle.
We therefore submit that the Senate, for its
own honur and dignity, should stand by Its pre
vious solemn and deliberate decisions.
The minority report lakes the opposite
view. Quoting section 3. article 1, of the
constitution, the minority say that the
failure of the Governor to call the Leg
islature together to elect a Senator does
not act to deprive the Governor of the
power of appointment. Referring to the
constitutional provision the question is
asked:
Does th» language of the constitution of the
United States mean Just what the constitution
of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania says:
"'ln ra?o of a vacancy in the office of United
States Senator in a recess between sessions,"
cr does it mean that the vacancy must be one
which comes by chance, so that it does not ap
ply at all to the case of a vacancy at the be
ginning of a term, which does not come by
chance but is foreseen and inevitable?
This question is answered as follows:
If the words have the former meaning then
all distinctions between cases where a Legis
lature has been in session and those where a
Legislature has not been in session between
vacancies at the beginning of a term and va
cancies beginning alter the term Itself has be
gun and the office for that term once filled,
are without importance. We think that the
former is the true meaning of the constitution.
We think that it was the intent of the consti
tution to provide, as far as possible, that every
State should have two Senators.
First— The Constitutional Convention hesitat
ed between conferring the power of appointing
Senators upon the executive and the Legislature
of the State in the beginning. Like the Legis
lature, the executive of the State was puppoF-»U
to represent the will of the people. Under the
constitution then existing he appointed all
Stale officers and appointed Judges who held
tl'eir cfflrv» for life, for there Is no reason to
suppose that they considered the executive an
unfit Instrument for such appointment, and
they settled the question by giving the power
of "permanent appointment to the Legislature
and of temporary appointment to the executive.
Second— We can conceive no reason likely to
have influenced the framers of the constitution
for maklne a distinction between cases of va
cancy occurring in one way or at one time and
vacancies occurring: in any other way or at any
other time. The office of Senator may be at
any time of Infinite Importance to the Interests
of a State. IJoon a slnzle vote may often de
pend, and Fomftlmes has depended, the fate of
measures which would brin* prosperity or mis
ery into every workshop and almost every fam
ily in Pennsylvania. We do not believe that
when the constitution was enacted it would
have occurred to anybody that if a Senator
died within a week of the adjournment of the
Legislature, or at a time when there were three
parties in the Legislature who could not agree,
or a time when the two houses who formerly
made an election by concurrent vote were of
ways of thinking In politics 50- different that
they could net be reconciled, the State must re
main unrepresented until a new Legislature
should b« choeen.
They mennt. as we believe, that for the In
terest of the State and for the Interest of the
whole country the Senate should always be full,
t-o far j>s they could devise a constitutional
mechanism to accomplish that purpose. •
The language of the very clause In question
cannot be construed as the opponents of Mr.
Quay would construe ft. or In any other way
than the undersigned construe It. without de
siroyir.g its twn purpose. If there be no power
In the executive of Pennsylvania to appoint
a euorcssor to Mr. Quay under thle clause of
the constitution. there Is no power In the Legis
lature to choose such successor until the end
of the term: and In every case where a Senator
dies or resigns, where the Legislature is not In
session, or where after such death of resigna
tion, the Locislature has been and adjourned
without a choice, or wherever, at the beginning
of a term, the vacancy remains unfilled, It must
remain unfilled until the end of the six years,
necord'.nr to the logic of the majority of the
committee.
SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS IN THE CONTESTS FOR THREE SEATS IN CONGRESS.
ECTOR TRIED HARD TO
GET COIN FROM CLARK
Interesting Letters Written by the
Missoula Dentist to the Sena
torial Aspirant.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
3Stabbed by a Non-Union Man.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.— As a result of la
bor troubles of three months' standing at
Wlnslow Brothers' ornamental Ironworks
Edward A. O'Connor, secretary of the
Chicago Metal Workers' Union and a for
mer employe of Winslow Brothers, was
stabbed and killed to-night by Julius A.
Menzel, a non-union employe. The stab
bing is claimed to have been the result
of an attack upon Menzel by O'Connor
and a companion. It is asserted that Men
zel was severely beaten before he resort
ed to a stiletto, which he carried. In de
fending himself.
Noted Woman Passes Away.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 23.— Mrs. Mary
Wright Curwan, distinguished for leader
ship in promoting the formation cf
women's clubs, and in that capacity
known all over the United States, died
at her home at Mount Auburn, this city,
to-night. ¦ -"..--. - - .
points were made by each dog. On the
dogs being returned to the open some more
good work was done in a nearby vineyard,
and, after being down thirty-eight 'min
utes, the brace was ordered i;p.
11. 11. Kerckhoff's Blanco and Dr. Wil-
Fon's Dixie Queen were put down in thf
vineyard and went through the orchard
where the birds had been found first, at
tho lowef* end of which Dixie Queen made
a stanch point on a pair of birds lying
close together. She was steady to wing.
This brace was followed by Gardiner &
Betten's Woodcraft and W. S. Davis"
Priiie of Hess, which ran a short and
rather unsatisfactory heat, as but few
birds were found. Itoss, however, achiev
ed the distinction of pointing a Mongolian
pheasant,- a number of which have been
turned out by Mr. Tevis of the Stockdale
Ranch.
An adjournment for luncheon was then
taken. After luncheon a number of men
were sent into the grounds of Stockdale.
from which they drove a large bevy of
birds that scattered in the open fields and
garden a short distance from the house.
The first brace- down on the new bevy
was the Stockdale Kennels' Pluto and
Gardiner & Betten's Bonnie Gem. Little
work was done on single birds, the only
point being made by Gem, which Pluto
refused to honor.
Stockdale Kennels' - Schley. and O.
Young's Duke were put down for ten min
utes, which closed the second series.
The third serifs was opened with Stock
dale Kennels'. Zep and N. H. Hickman's
Negro Joe, both black pointers. Each dog
ranged well and had plenty' of speed, but
was apparently unaccustomed to hunting
in the open, and flushed birds constantly
which he should have pointed. Zep's work
was not equal to that of yesterday or of
the work done in the morning heat. Each
pointed several times on rabbits, but Zop
made a stanch point on birds Just be
fore they were sent back to, the wagons.
The judge then called for Hobart's
Crocker Chief and Gardiner & Betten's
Woodcraft. Not until that time did the
spectators get a line on what his decision
might be, but It was evident from the
way he paired off the dogs that Chief
"Old Grabber ouirht to be satisfied with
the money he has.''
"He Is satisfied— so much that he wants
• lot more of exactly the same kind."
Foi Racing Chart See Page 13.
g«^OG^©G^OO©OOC9O©»OOO©OO5CC9©0©©SOO©OO©»©I>OOO©©C©OOO3C3©$OOOOO©OO3OOOeeOOO©Ot©C©ooOOOOOO
§ Hundreds of people have lately investigated my method oF curing /t^v. r^v^
• disease without using drugs, and pronounce it the greatest remedy of yJ^' 0 7^9j§ V Vilv
o modern times. Those who had not been out of pain for years were S**J^ ifef^|l|\
| quickly relieved by this invigorating tonic and left my office without y/^zr f^fppi
| a vestige of the former pain apparent. If you are suffering from nerv- / /yf _\^ \
o ousness, lame back, kidney or stomach troubles, rheumatism, sciatica^ " I ~^~^k y&Sjj^f ('-. -? ?)
%or any sexual trouble call at my office and let me give you positive^^. ? XSZ~^"' * J/
I Dr. McLaugSiSin's EleclriG Belt. i^f\C
• One treatment will not cure, but it will demonstrate the great v^^i^ JS>-/' ¦'^fB|pSß|ilff-
© power of ELECTRICITY in the curing of diseases. The energy that it -ffliKßleliSl\T^^ '^i^^^^^B
0 pumps into the nerves of weak people turns despair into giadness. it
• fills the heart with exhilarating courage, warms the blood, develops -^^^^^^^^
Z the muscles and gives a feeling of youthful confidence. It has cured ''^""™F^^;t7V<'& Ag^resMiiffirff^''
• ten thousand people in the past three years. My success in curing and the enormous sale of my Electric
1 appliance are both due to the fact that I have made a science of applying electricity to the human body
• The method that I use now, which is protected by a patent, is the result of my twenty years' study
• Electricity Is useless unless you apoly it right, and no electric device. is oF any service unless it will give
©a current that you can Feel without burning, that you can regulate, and that will last long enough to be
• curative. These points expose the weakness of all other electric belts. I guarantee on a bond of $5000
2 that my electric belt Is the strongest on earth, and best made, and (—( — _ tpct-^ — *-*%<=. panvc " — 1
q gives a continuous current that you can feel and regulate for one v-ukhu rp.Clr i
0 year Without a Cent Of expense fOr renewals. DR ., M . A. MeLAUOHIJN-Dear Sir: Your B& t r;alm^t T ha?c r ure J d mJVSI- my
0 Send me your old belt of any Other make and I will send you one of my latest Im- Bufferings. I would rot be as I was for the earth, and I wish I had seen your advertul
» proved appliances at half my regular price. . . \j. : ment before. It would have saved me lots of pain and money on those quacks who did
9 MY NEW BOOK, finely Illustrated, will be sent free On application. Write for It. | roe no good. You can refer to we. Yours ever truly. CHRIS TKNBY.
S T\E> JVI A Jl/Ir*! AITr*HI Il\l 702 Market St.,"Cornep Kearny, San Francisco, and
1 Oi\» .ifl# r\m ITIWL4-r\UVlOL4ll^l# • - Burdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Strteta, LO3 Argeles.-
» 7 Office hours— S a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IX DRUG STORES.
American Champions Beaten.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 23. — Peter
Latham, champion racquet player of the
world, and Eustace A. Miles, amateur
champion of England, to-day defeated
Thomas Pettlt of the Boston Athletic As
sociation, former professional champion
of America, and George Standing of the
New York Racquei and Tennis Club,
present professional champion of Amer
ica, four games to three.
Patrick Stack Dies.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Jan. 23.— Patrick
Stack, a veteran boxer, died at the home
of his daughter in this city to-night. He
was born in Ireland, and many years ago
won many battles touring Europe, losing
only three contests out of 125.
Ruhlin Wins in a Round.
TROY, N. V., Jan. 23.— Gus Ruhlln of
Akron knocked out Fred Kapps of Al
bany to-night in the first half of the
first round.
reception, will remember the sixteenth
anniversary as the most successful ever
given by the club.
NEW ORLEANS RACES.
Judges Note School Girl's Sudden Be
versal of Form.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 23.— The manage
ment threw the Crescent City Jockey
Club's track open to the ladies free o"f
charge to-day and the attendance was
large. The track was fast. Cheesemite
and Belle of Memphis were the only win
ning favorites. After comparing School
Girl's race to-day with her performance
of January 20 the stewards suspended
Jockey Forehand. The entries of Tophet
and Torron will be refused In steeple
chases and hurdle races hereafter. Re
sults:
One mile and a sixteenth, selling:— Aator won,
Voyageur second. King Elkwood third. Time
1:50 V4.
Two miles. Felling— Our Nellie won. School
Girl second, Etldorpha third. Time. 3:34Vj.
Handicap hurdle, one mile and an eighth
Cheesemite won, Joe Bell second. Glover third
Time. 2:06.
Handicap, six furlongs— Belle of Memphis
won, Dollie Weithoft second, Ed Gartland II
third. Time. 1:14.
One mile. Belling:— Sir Blaze won. Bright
Night fiecond. Jim Conway third. Time. 1:42%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Village
Pride won. Miss Rosa second. Jimp third.
Time. l:49Vt-
Juniors I>efeat Freshmen.
BERKELEY. Jan. 23.— The juniors de
feated the freshmen this afternoon in the
second game of the university champion
ship series by a 6core of 10 to 6. It was
a pitching contest, the twirlers on the op
posing sides being both rew men and can
didates for the position on the varsity
team. The men were placed as follows;
Juniors. Positions. Freshmen.
Pringle Catcher Curtis
Braley Pitcher Nourse
Hunter Shortstop Carter
Griffith First base Shuey
Echaw Second base Butler
Green Third base Ring
Parsons iwt field Talman
De Lancey Center field Barker
Kerfoot Right field Hansen
BAY CITY SMOKER.
Wheelmen Celebrate the Sixteenth
Anniversary of Their Club.
The sixteenth anniversary of the organ
ization of the Bay City Wheelmen was
celebrated by a smoker last Saturday
evening. Some two hundred members
and ex-members were present and en
joyed a splendid programme. William C.
Hull presented the club with several
comical silk banners, caricaturing the
days of the old ordinary bicycle. The
members we,re entertained with songs
recitations, etc., by the following well
known talent: Captain Lfcale_, ex-Sheriff
} Vh sSP' , Dr ' W ' H - Sieberst, Dr. Thomas
L.. Hill, Jack Holland, Frank Coffin, Ply
mouth Quartet, Frank Thompson,, Lai
Schwartz, Rincon Quartet. John T. Des
mond, Kid Nelson, M. Scanlan, Benjamin
D. Coonley, Will Finnle. Mr. Ogllvie and
Bob Mitchell. A number of specially In
vited guests were present, among whom
¦were Captain Truebrldge. Purser Menzies
and Dr. Thompson, all of the U. S. trans
port Oylmpla. Dan O'Callaghan acted aa
chairman of the ceremonies, and the club
members, who all worked hard for the
SAD MEETING OF
FATHER AND HIS SON
Latter Finds the Former, After a
Long Separation, Insane in a
City Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 23.— Frank C.
Buckley, a young railroad man of West
Superior, Wis., to-day discovered his
father In ttie Spokane County Jail, Insane
and serving a sentence for petty larceny.
The father, Thomas Buckley, was until
recently, a prominent lumber merchant at
West Superior, but through business re
verses lostali his property.. Three months
ago, when the father started West, he
was apparently In average health, but
brooding over his troubles drove him in
sane. Now he cannot recognize his old
friends and has forgotten nearly all his
former life. On arrival here he stole a
pair of blankets from the sleeping car
and when arrested told the officers he did
it to get even for being overcharged in
the diner. He was sent to jail and when
liberated again stole blankets and was
jailed. On the advice of local physicians
the son to-day secured his father's ad
mission to the State Insane Asylum. It
is thought that with care the patient may
recover his reason. The father Is 52 years
old and his son says he is totally changed
In manner of speech, actions and habits
but there is no doubt about his identity'
Frank Buckley is ticket agent at the
Union depot at West Superior. He leaves
for home to-morrow.
Melba Has the Grip.
BERLIN, Jan. 23.— Mme. Melba has the
grip and the concert arranged for to-night
was postponed.
and Woodcraft would run for first and
second place. The ground selected for the
last heat was in the open iields. near
where the first brace had been put down
In the morning, and it was not long until
birds were located. Each of the puppi-es
did very creditable work. They were down
less than a half-hour when the judge
called them up, thus ending the heat and
the Derby. His decision was as follows:
AValter S. Hobart's b. and w. Entclish setter
Crocker Chief (Iroquois Chief-Mary Ix>u), first.
Gardiner & Betten's o. and w. English setter
Woodcraft (Count Gladstone IV-Suver G), sec
ond.
Stockdale Kennels' b!k. and t. pointer Cuba's
Zep (Cuba of Kenwood-Jaqulna), third.
The winner of the Derby is a handsome
stylish-looking clog. carrying a good head
and showing considerable intelligence in
working his ground for a dog of his age.
He Is but fourteen months old, and with
another year's training gives promise of
doing excellent work should he be entered
In the all-age.
Woodcraft also is a stylish mover, and
with more experience will develop into a
remarkably good dog. Cuba's Zep Is a
dog of remarkable speed, and for a puppy
does excellent work, although he seemed
to be sadly off In nose during the two
days' running. He ranges well and shows
considerable judgment for a puppy one
year old.
Entries for the all-age stake, which will
be run to-morrow, are as follows:
English setters— C. B. Dwyer's b. b. dog Ta
coma, by Don-Dell: W. W". Van Arsdale's 1.
and w. bitch Peach Mark, by Mercury-Betsy
Mark: C. E. O' Neil's o. and w. dog Gladstar,
by Starlight-Sweet Gladys? W r . B. Coutts* 1. and
w. doc Dick Stamboul, by Stamboul-Kitty R;
A. Decoutleux's b. b. bitch Veruna Cash, by
Count Gladstone IV-Dalsy Craft.
Pointers— W. W. Van Arsdale's I, and w.
bitch I-ucretla P, by Fritz-Fenny; Stockdale
Kennels' 1. ajid w. dog Cuba of Kenwood, by
Glenbelgh Jr. -Stella: Stockdale Kennels' I. and
w. bitch Nellie Wilson, by Plain Sam-Dolly
Dundee II: Betten & Truman's 1. and w. Dos
King of lilythe, by Upton of Blythe-Kent's
Amy; Toaemite Kennels' blk. and w. dog Buck
of Kent, hy Rip Rap-Croxie Kent; Stockdale
Kennels' Cuba's Zep, by Cuba of Kenwood-
Jaquina.
PROMISING CANDIDATES FOR FIELD TRIAL HONORS.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 23.— The sec
ond day of the field trials opened
cold and foggy, and the weather
remained disagreeable throughout
the entire day. The start was made
from the trial grounds at 7 a. m. and the
first brace of dogs put down was on the
Stockdale ranch, near Mr. Tevls' home.
A bevy was found in a heavy bunch of
brush surrounded by open fields.
The lirst brace was C. Young's Duke
and Gardiner & Betten's Bonnie Gem,
which were held over from yesterday.
They went down at S:3O, but neither did
very good work, the Duke making one
rather unsteady point, while both dogs
flushed several single birds. This closed
the first series, but the judge concluded
to run all the do'tfs over again on account
of the difference' In the weather between
yesterday and' to-day, and in consequence
the entire lot went into the second series.
The first brace of the second series was
J. E. Lucas' Ella E and Dr. Wilson's Sil
ver Star. These dogs, like the preceding
ones, seemed off in nose and nothing was
done until near the close of the heat,
when Ella E made a very stanch and
stylish point. A small bevy of a half
dozen or more birds was flushed by the
handlers and the dogs were then returned
to the wagon.
N. H. Hickman's Negro Joe and'Gardi
ner <& Betten's Lorenzo were turned down
In the same field. Although they ranged
fairly well. little was done in the way of
point work. After a half-hour the dogs
were ordered up. Before they reached the
handler Joe pointed In a high bunch of
weeds, but the point, of course, waa not
allowed as time had been called.
The Stockade Kennels' Zep and Walter
Hobart s Crocker Chief were next turned
down in the open and worked, across the
road into an orchard, where a fine bevy
of birds was found, and some of the best
work of the day done. The birds were
followed into a nursery across a d.Hch
where neither the Judge nor the specta
tors could go, and in this cover several
supposed to justify you in closing the doors
• cslnst * niemtx-r from L'taii. It you g» to
the teachings of the Great Alahter, whom 1 take
it tve all revere, although he denounced evtrj
crime, every sin that man can commit, you
ehall find tv> word of hi* hi condemnation of the
conduct ot the patriarchs or of the law as it
was given to ileses and ancient Israel.
Last week, when taking a walk in the resi
dence portion of your city, l passed a masmn
eettt heroic statue of stern old Martin Luiher.
whom the nations of Western Europe and
America, owe no man more than they do him
for the religious and civil liberty that they now I
jx-Fsess— tne founder of Protestant Christendom, j
And that man. upon this subject that Is here
po much denounced, declared in the early days
of Protestant Christendom, when he was in
formed that his disciple Carlstadt was teaching
polygamy:
"1 Indee-d rnu^t confess that I cannot protest
when one takes many whet, for it does not
contradict the Fcri]itures."
And again In his Utter to Philip de Land
grftave ot Hesse, remarking upon the lact that
I'hlllp had taken a second wile, his firm wife
being still living, he said:
"In matters oi matrimony the laws of Moses
are not revoked or contradicted by the gospels. "
Yet we build monuments to I^uther, notwith
standing his totenttOß and defense of that form
of marriage. Now, I say all these things not
lor the purpose of arguing here ufwn the rights
of polygamy, but I do say what 1 have here re
marked for the purpose of fixing It in the minds
of members ¦.)_«•. It is merely a, crime because
prohibited by law. I say that the L'nltod States
had the right to make that law if th^y wiabed
tu. The States have the right to make It. I'tah
had the right to make it the law of that State
and has d>«ne so. Consequently it Is outside of
the realm of discuttion further than in this
incidental way.
Roberts then explained the Mormon be
lief in polygamy, and said the church
through Its creed on this point came
within the constitutional inhibition against
laws prohibiting the free exercise of re
iigious belief, lie then continued:
In 18T6, desiring to put the mattt-r to a test,
»nd not to be uncr the odium and violating the
constitution or the lawt of the country, and
Wing confident that the courts would sustain
the views that they had held, the Mormon
church Itself furnished a case, furnished the
«vidence and witnesses, and brought that case
belore the courts, carrying It from one court
to another until the law a^alntt this form of
marriage ««.- bu»;a!ned.
It h&t kx-en recited as the chief offense, both
of the j«Hi{.lf and of the member !rum Ctah.
that, notwithstanding this decision, the j>«<j
l .<¦ fctlli continued to maintain the rightfulnefcs
of that institution. The Inference se^ms to b«
that as coon as the decision of the Hupreme
Court uas rendered those people should have
dropped their hand* and instantly conformed to
the law of the land. Limited, indeed, inu^t
have been th* reading of that man who would
suppose that controversies of this character
would be no rasily disposed of and that a gn;at
religious conviction would be -Immediately given
up on the decision of a court. Worthy of all
refpect. as the Fuprerne <"ourt of the I'nited
States unquestionably i», and held in high es
teem amounting to almoK veneration by my
jrf-ople. still we could nut forset the tact that
the court was still human an<l liable to lall'bill
tle*. We could not [urj't the fact that this
Supreme Court ot ours, high and exalted a» it
te, frequently reverses lis«-If. We remember
that It ' had sustained the constitutionality of
the fugitive flave law and that its decisions
had be*-n overturned by the people by revolu
tion* is tenements as well a* revolutions In
»rras. I 6«"« ui'on the floor of this House a man
belonging to a race who. If absolute submis
fciveneea to the decisions of the Supreme Court
was to be the last of controversy, would
have been but a piece of poods and chattels in
this country. Instead of being a member of the
House of Keprcsentatlve«.
So we thought, believing, as we did. In the
righteoukn»-*s of our doctrine. We hoped there
ml£bt ejirlng up a sentiment which would lead
to a reversal ot opinion. Hut it did not come.
And Roberts, with arms outstretched,
uppealed to the country not to be too hard
upon the' people of Utah. He described
the condition that existed in Utah in 18W
** a rtign of terror. The Kederal courts
were bein^ used, he said, to drive women
into exile. A man was brought before the
court. He was told that he need not go to
prison if he would give up polygamy.
"But then," said Roberts; dramatically.
"I felt it would have been deserting the
cause of God to have agreed."
A scattering wave of applause passed
over the calieries at this utterance, but
It was quickly drowned with hisses.
"I had rather have my flesh hewn from
ray limbs than to have been untrue to my
people. It was this feeling that was the
incentive to the lawlessness;, euch as It
was."
But, he continued, the time came when
the Mormons of Utah were obliged to sub
mit and did rubmit. Since then there has
been not a single plural marriage in Utah.
The plural rr-iations had been broken up
In many cases.
Death had kindly solved the problem
for some, and the heartaches it left for
some made them wish the came end had
come for them. He Insisted that the com
pact with the United States had been ob
vc-rved, that polygamy had practically
ceased, that the Mormon church had given
up polygamy in good faith.
Roberts eaid he had been In public life
for twenty years, and was not driven to
the defense of his Mormon church. He
was not here representing the Mormon
church. He had received a greater num
ber of votes from Gentiles than from Mor
mons.
"You can neither exclude nor expel me "
*ald Roberts. In conclusion. "I will cling
*o hard to the pillars of liberty that you
ehall not drag me from them without
I/ringing down the whole temple." (Ad
plaust- and hisses.)
"I have lived with a good conscience un
til this day. and am sensible of no act of
shame upon my part. You can brand me
with shame and *end me forth, but 1 shall
leave with head oroct and brow undaunted
and walk the earth as angels walk the
clouds If you violate the constitution all
the shame will be with you."
There was a great outburst of applause
In the galleries when Roberts concluded.
Many of the ladies 1n the gallery were es
peciilly demonstrative.
At 5:25 p. m. the House adjourned until
31 o'clock to-morrow.
ROBERTS USES HIS
CREED AS A DEFENSE
Continued from, Third Paire
COURT RULING PROVES
DAMAGING TO MOLINEUX
Testimony Given by the Accussd at
the Inquest Is Admitted in the
Murder Trial.
NEW YORK. Jan. £!.— ln the trial of
Roland R. Molineux for the murder of
Mrs. Kathrrine J. Adams, Recorder Octt
to-day admitted as f-vldenoe the testi
mony of the defendant when he was a
witness in the Coroner's Inquest into thi*
death of Mrs. Adams. The defense fought
bitterly against the admission of thin
testimony ar.d half the day was spent in
th« discussion of lta admissibillty.
Finally the Recorder ruled that
Molineux, while before the Coroner's
jury, wan not charged with murder ami
that Osborn» might place Molineux's tes
timony before the jury.
Two damaging flat contradictions be
twef n Molinpux's testimony at the in
qupst and the evidence produced in h!>
trial exist. At the Coroner's Inquest
Molineux denied ever having used or
seen any of the trl-crescent robin's egg
blue paper. At the trial the Burns letter,
signed by Molineux and written on such
paper, was produced and acknowledged
by him.
Molineux denied at the Inquest that ha
ever sent for patent medicine by mail.
This same Burns letter, signed by Moli
neux, is an order for a patent medicine.
Not all of the testimony of Molineux at
the inquest was read to-day, but such
portions were selected aa Osborne desired
to bring before the jury. After adjourn
ment to-day Osborne aafd that he still
had four more witnesses to call, two be
ing handwriting experts. Court ad
journed until to-morrow.
DE RODAYS REPLIES TO
COUNT DE CASTELLANE
Seserj-es the Right to Tell the Spend
thrift, Face to Facs, What He
Thinks of Trim.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew Tortt TT»r
ald. Copyrighted, 1300, by James Oorfion
Bennett.
PARIS. Jan. 24.— M. Ferdinand da Ro
days has sent to Count de Castellan© the
following cable message, which, saya
Figaro, from a sense of proarlety, which
Castellane did not observe "n the dis
patches to that journal, it has not ren
dered public until after he had received
it:
Comte de Caetellane, "Waldorf-Astoria^ XeTT
York — Your denials and your menaces will
charge nothing of the facts, which are now of
public notoriety In Parts. "If Figaro took notice
of what Is termed your discomfiture, it la Justi
fied therein by the campaign of defamation
and insult which you have inspired without
provocation against It in the paper of which
you are proprietor.
I hope you will succeed la ffpttlng out of the
affair, and on your return I reserve to myself
the rlKht to tell you wh.it I think of th» "rtis
lryaity"' of your attitude as r^ganis a Journal
and a Journalist who had ne-ver been anything
but kind to you and your vis-a-vis, while you
have never shown anything but- Ingratitude
FERDINAND DE ROD ATS.
Director of Flsrarrx
FUNDS FOR SCHOOLS.
I.OS ANT.ELES. Jan. Z?.— Archbishop
Montgomery will go to St. I*ouis in May
to remain two months. His mission la to
raise funds for the maintenance of th*»
Catholic Indian schools at San Diego and
Banning. The Government will withdraw
lta support from these schools in June
There are about 16(1 pupils at each Insti
tution. Rev. Father Harnett of San Jo^i »
will have charge of this diocese during
the absence of Bishop Montgomery-
WILL COURSE
MIDWEEK AT
INGLESIDE
Sport Three Days a Week to
Accommodate the Grey
hounds Ofiered.
The officers, of Tngleside Coursing Park
at a meeting last night decided to pro
mote the sport three days each week on
their field. Their first midweek stake
will be run one week from to-morrow.
The draw will be held on Monday night.
The same conditions apply as in beaten
dog stakes— all greyhounds being eligible
which have not won first or second prize
at either of the parks within six months.
The end aimed at is to relieve the Sun
day stakes of the poorer class of dogs and
thus raise the standard of the sport. An
other effort toward this end will be marie
one week from 'Sunday. A dog must win
two courses before being entitled to share
in the prize money. The purses will re
main the same, but the value of the prize
to the winner and to the other dogs en
titled to share in the distribution will be
increased.
The annual meeting of the directorate
of Union Coursing Park was held last
right. The members of the old board
were re-elected and were thanked for the
manner in which they have managed the
affairs of the coursing association during
the past year. The new board is made up
as follows: President, George Van Ber
gen; vice president. R. W. Mastic; treas
urer. K. E. Shot well; secretary, H. Hinch
man; directors— J. H. Halton. R. K. Mal
com, I. P. Halton and J. Bates Janes.
BIG STEAMSHIP
SINKS AT SEA
Ardandhu Is Wrecked in
Collision.
TWO OF THE CREW DROWNED
TWENTY-NINE MEN" ESCAPE TO
THE OTHER VESSEL.
VINEYARD HAVEN. Mass., Jan. 22.—
i*he Glasgow steamer Ardandhu, Captain
Dundns, from New London. Conn... for
Halifax. N. S.. was sunk in collision with
the Metropolitan liner Herman Winter,
from Boston for New York off Ilobinsons
Hole. Vineyard Sound, at 3:40 o'clock this
morning and two of the Ardandhu's crew
ot thirty-one men were lost. Th*»y are:
Chief Engineer Joseph Henderson
cf Glasgow.
Second Mate Fred Dowe of Boston.
The Herman Wintor reached this port
this for«ioon with her bow gone and re
ported the accident. She had on board
the twenty-nine men who escaped from
the Ardandhu.
The Ardandhu was struck about mid
ships on her starboard side by the Her
man Winter's bow and wa.« cut half-way
through. She would have sunk immedi
ately but her water-tight compartments
kept her afloat fur a time. The crew
jnad*> a ru.«h and it was thought that all
but Uo of them succeeded in getting
aboard the New York vessel. The Ard
andhu drifted toward the shore before she
wnt down and apparently struck on the
southwest end of Nau&bon Island and
foundered su m rir^t, her bow remaining
out of water. The Winter has a largi
hole in her how, but her collision bulK-
Ji^ads prevented the water from working
aft and she had no difficulty in making
this port.
The Ardandhu was a comparatively new
boat. She was built at Belfast, Ireland,
in I*S3. She was> made of steel and was
«.'f 1234 tons and sh«> was owned by i.'iark
&. Co. of Glasgow. Scotland. Sne was
making her lirst trip on a new line fri»m
New lxmdon to Halifax and thence to
Havana.
THE SAX FRAXCISCCX CALL, WEDNESDAY,, JANUARY 24,' 1900.
SAW JOSE IS A
WIDE-OPEN TOWN
Anti-Saloon League to
Begin a Crusade.
Special Dlsratch to The Call
SAN JOSE. Jan. 23. -The Santa Clara
County Anti-Saloon League will beg:a
an active crusade against the saloons and
all forms of vice existing in this city and
county. This was decided upon at a
meeting held yesterday afternoon at tne
Cumberland Presbyterian Church, at
which President T. C. McChesney presid
ed. Rev. J. It. Knodell of Oakland ad
dressed the league and outlined a plan of
campaign.
For some time San Jose has been a wide
open town, all kinds of gambling— faro,
keiro, roulette and stud poker— being car
ried un under the eyes ot the police, dur
ing the late jubilee celebration the gamb
lers became so bold as to move their
games out upon the sidewalk. Every rew
d.iys some visitor falls the victim of sure
thing men. The business men have com
plained and the lnst Grand Jury recom
mended that the police close the games,
but no attention has-been paid to the sug
gestion. "Ladies' entrances'! to saloons
is another evil that has aroused the tem
perance workers.
The Anti-Saloon League will commence
its campaign at once. Active steps to
close the gambling and some of the worst
resorts, where, it is asserted, young
women visit, will be taken.
The first work will be to effect a strong
county organization and open headquar
ters in San Jose. The clergy will be
asked to co-operate. The fight will first
oe taken up in this city. Tho various
churcjies and temperance societies will b«
asked to contribute to a general fund.
and a leader to conduct "a warfare
against the devil" will be brought from
abroad. An active prosecution of thu
work will be carried on, and the question
of abolition. of the saloon or high licen^
will be submitted to the people. This will
probably be done at the next general
election, as at that time the question of
taxation of church property will he voted
upon and all the church people will be out
in force. It is argued that this will insure
a heavy vote for prohibition.
MIDWINTER SPORTING EVENTS
COSTLY WIN
OF SLY FOR
HER OWNER
Frank Doss Indulged in Some
Elaborate "Boosting" After
She Beat Afamada.
HOBART'S DOG CROCKER CHIEF
WINS THE FIELD TRIAL DERBY
Gardiner -& Betten's Woodcraft Awarded Second Money and. Stock
dale Kennels' Cuba's Zep Third— Ad verse Weather Conditions
on the Second Day of the Meeting. 1
EASTERNERS
WILL COACH
BOTH TEAMS
Students at Berkeley and Palo
Alto Will Have Their
Wish.
BERKELEY. Jan. 23.— President Wheeler
has decided to withhold his signature from
the new law forbidding the employment
of Eastern football coaches. The measure
had passed the faculty committees of both
universities and President Jordan had
signed it, so that it only awaited Presi
dent Wheelers signature- to become op
erative. When he found that student
opinion was against the new regulation
he announced to the football committee
of the associated students that he would
attach great weight to their decision In
the matter. This was in line with the
policy outlined in the famous flagstaff
speech, in which President Wheeler said
that in case of a dispute between students
and faculty he believed the students were
generally right.
The football committee, after a pro
longed discussion, reported In favor of
retaining the hired coach a.s at present
on the ground that only in this way can
California, isolated as she is. keep pace
with the progress of the game in Eastern
colleges.
President Wheeler's reply to this report
Is to the effect that, having consulted
with President Jordan of Stanford, he
will recommend the retention oi" Eastern
coaching for two years more. This dYci
rton will leave the committees en inter-
agreement, which meet at the-
Palace Hotel next Saturday, free to pass
regulations In accordance with the senti
ments of thc.-ir constituents at Palo Alto
md Berkeley.
The racing at Oakland yesterday was
marked by many close and exciting fin
ishes. Probably the one most destined U
cause heart failure and a general break'
Ing down of the nervous system was th«
battle royal indulged in between Sly anc
Afamada in the closing sprint. The for
mer mare came in for extensive backing
at odds of S to 5. as did Afamada at th<
same figure. Kullman, on Sly, brok<
away first, while Tod Walsh, astrid<
Afamada, succeeded in getting away last
Before four furlongs had been covered,
Walsh had his mount In front, looking
all over a winner. The final furlong Slj
responded gamely, ami in a hair, disturb
ing rinale, won by a head in the fast ume
of 1:13. Snips, a 2d') to 1 shot, nipped out
Harry Tboburs for the show. \\ nen put
up ai auction the winner, entered to. bt
sold for J4"O. was bid to $1200 by Frank
I>oss. Owner Dan lianlon, who hereto
fort- has bec-n very fortunate in escaping
"boosts." retained his sprinter with tht
customary $5 bid.
While tnree lirst choices were dethroned,
the ta!«-nt had all the best of iheargument
£«$ none of the successful horses lacked
support. John Hullman carried oft' the
sauule honors by piloting trie last three
winners.
For the opening live furlong scramble,
Momentum, with Jen Kins up. was her
alded a? the real thing, and after much
delay at thf post, won almost e&sUy from
Duke of Yum. The conditions called for
all to tarry 144 .pounds, with the usual
sex allowances. Storm King, the first
choice, was beaten for show honors by
Strong: oil.
Redwald finally left the maiden class
in tlie sprint following, over t he Futurity
course. An 11 to 5 favorite, Spencer got
him home lirst a length before J. V.
Hayes Coming Event; a well-backed one,
after leading liulf the route, ran third.
Clem Jenscins on Kevanna rode a very
pretty race on the brown horse, taking
the third number almost easily from
Tiburon. The latter ruled favorite, but
was raced to a standstill by l'ompino, a
40 to 1 shot, which showed surprising
speed. Good Hope took show honors.
It was fortunate for the backers of
(¦auntlet. first choice for the seven fur
long run, that the distance was no fur
ther. Montallade. alter traveling the
overland roui«\ came very fast at the
close, just losing by a head. Wliitcomb
showed a return of form by finishing
lapped on th** leaders.
13y the victory of Silver Tone, at odds of
C to 1. in the mile run, the "dope" students
were thrown in a flurry. After running
seven furlonprs. the gelding was supposed
to slop, but yesterday he kept on. and
with something in reserve, led Wyoming,
the favorite, out two lengths. In l:40U.
At the start one side of the barrier failed
to ascend an<l Walsh, astride Wynminp,
was almost unseated. This undoubtedly
militated against his chances. Toribio
downed Merry Hoy for the show.
The total number of points scored to
date by the jockeys in the contest for the
prise offered by the California Jockey
Club is as follows:
Bullman 17, T. Walsh 7
Jenkins 231 Henry 3
E. Jones 9 1 Conley 2
Spencer S 1 Ross 2
Thorpe 7; Kiley 1
Handicapper Brooks yesterday an
nounced the following weights:
The lA*fak handicap; purse JISW). A handi
cap for two-year-olds and upward. To be run
Saturday, January 27. 19f»». One mile. Winners
of othT than belling purs«» after the weights
are bulletined must carry Jive pounds extra.
Bannnckburn 12S. First Tenor 100
Timemaker US Tar Hill 100
P.endoran lIS St. Outhbert 99
Arbaces US Obsidian 99
Yellowtail 113 t**a Ldon.... 9a
Salvablo 112 Imperious 98
Rosormonde- .112 Herculean .....,, SS
Ventoro 112 Flarrora 95
Fly by Nfcht 11l i^torm King S3
What er Lou llu Strongoll 95
Duke of Middleburg.llo Alleviate 94
Buckwa 110 Frank Puffy fij
Advance Guard 101 Hit of Fashion 93
Ituinart 106 Bee Bee 92
King Carnival 105 Ella Uoland 92
Sam McKeever 105 Boundlee 92
Dr. Eheppard 105 Petal 90
Fatsuma 103 ConFtellator 90
Installator 103 Bogus Bill 19
F. W. Brode ICJ Burdock 87
Flower of Gold 102 Essence 87
Pat Morrissey US Xorford 65
Napamax 102 Sunello 85
Eddie Jones 102 Florablrd 85
Formero 102 Billy Moore 85
Dr. Nembula 101 Redwald 83
David Tenny 101 Favorito ..'. 80
SPECIAL. NOTICE. .
Owners can rtay in without coat until 10 a.m.
the day of the rare, but must accept- welchts
by 11 a. m.. Friday. January M. ¦•¦-¦ V
It costs nothin* If your horses do not start.
Acceptance and entries will be accepted by
tolegraph or telephone to the Oakland Race
track.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Six furlone»; four-year-olds and
I upward; selling.
1 644 DHeeta I'M' 36R Mun*ey 119
«M Alaska 119j 644 Pon»?o 112
... Rufalbra 107 1 498 Silver Maid 117
I ... Tallac .Mt)4i €63 Gold Baron 116
... Tim Tool In 112; 635 Ramlet 114
(39 Vloria 104 i 633 Naples 104
i Second race — Seven furlongs; selling; four
! year-o'fls and upward.
C 44 Croker 106! 651 Pat Morrlssey..los
I 6r,9 Billy McCloskeylOS 657 Owyhee 108
468 Montanus 105
Third race— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-
I oils.
C:s St. Anthony 109 ! ... Nettle C1ark. ...107
! C 64 Invisible 109) ... Mntt Hogan 100
> tM Edgardo 109 ' 640 Tamale 109
602 Frank Kuhry.-112j 638 Free Pass 117
CC4 Bagdad 1091 ... Almendrai 109
... Harry ThatcherlW i
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; sellinc.
541 Rosinante Stii 6*9 Potente 103
567 Formero IOSj C 66 Weller 96
fc.'l Grand Sachem.. Ml 61S Casdale bs
6C6 David Tenny 101]
Fifth race— Futurity course; three-year-olds;
purse.
CC7 F. W. Brode. ...115 613 Bee Bee U0
217 SUrer Bullion.. . 112 ; (Dss)Allco DoughertylOT
6JI Zitka 107|
Sixth race — One mile; four- year-olds and up
ward; selling.
(623) Stuttgart 116 241 Wilmeter 124
126 Be Happy IUJ 814 Padre Jose 117
405 Campus 119 £42 Del Paso II 124
CII Ladaea 107 ' 660 Yaruba 116
Cl 4 TaßsaJara 109 685 Inverary II 121
60l Sylvan Lass 114' 654 Tirade .".119
Selections for To-Day.
¦ First race— Viorie, Alaska, Naples.
Second race— Pat Morri&eey, Montanus, Owy
tum.
Third race— Matt Hopan, St. Anthony, Harry
Thatcher.
Fourth ¦ race— Rotlnante, David Tenny, Po
tente.
Fifth race— F. W. Brode, Alice Dougherty,
Bee Bee.
Sixth race— Del Paso 11. Tirade, Be Happy.
o
4Illness of Manager Rothmaler.
Oswald Rothmaler, manager of the
Western Sugar Refinery. Is In a critical
condition at the Lane Hospital. He has
been suffering from appendicitis and yes
terday it was decided to be necessary to
perform an operation. After the opera
tion Mr. Rothmaler was considerably re
lieved, but his physicians declare that his
condition is still serious. Last night he
was resting as easily as could be ex
pected.
COUNTING THE CITY MONET.
Auditor Says Charter Contains No
Provision for It.
Auditor Wells dlrcovered yesterday an
other defect In the charter. He says that
there is no provision In the new organic
law for the counting of money In the
city treasury. Under the consolidation
act this was specifically provided for.
and. although It did not prevent the
Widber defalcation, it Is thought that if
the counting of the money is carried out
in the letter as well as the spirit of the
law similar serious complications would
be avoided. -'.
The only check imposed by the charter
Is that of the joint custody safe, the
combination of which is held by the Au
ditor and Treasurer. After all the money
had been counted by Treasurer Brooks
over a million dollars was transferred to
the joint custody safe in sacks of $29,000
in gold and $!000 in silver. Whenever the
Treasurer desires any money he calls on
the Auditor and they both open the safe
and transfer the amount requested to the
outer vault. A record is kept In the safe,
wfflch is locked again by the two offi
cials. The Auditor, however, is not liable
DEMANDS WILL BE PAID.
Teachers and Janitors to Receive a
Portion of Back Salaries.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting on Monday night for the purpose
of passing the demands of the teachers
and janitors for the month of November,
1898, as a result of Judge Mura-sky's dis
solution of the injunction against the Au
ditor. As there is only $57,587 47 available
out of inheritance taxes collected to pay
tho claims, amounting to $94,405 70, the
board passed resolutions allowing 61 per
cent of the salaries. This is necessary
because none of the demands take prior
ity. Therefore the money will be divided
pro rata among the claimants.
The clerks In the Board of Education
were immediately set to work altering the
demands to the figures on the 61 per cent
basis, and after they have been signed by
Superintendent Webster they will go to
the Auditor for his signature. It is ex
pected that the demands will be ready for
payment by the end of this week.
Auditor Wells has strong hopes that the
sum remaining due on the warrants will
be paid to the teachers and janitors as
fast as other moneys are collected for col
lateral inheritance taxes and that ulti
mately the salaries both for November
and December, IS9S, will be paid In full.
bonds, etc.. to be worth at the present
market value a total of more than $.'.),
ow». In addition there are forty-three
parcels of land.
The Bishop's address formed the most
interesting feature of the day's session
and was listened to attentively by all
the delegates present. At the outset he
furnished his opinion on the question of
wht-ther this is the nineteenth or ihe
twentieth century by asserting his belief
that it will take this year to round out tne
nineteenth century. The address was
largely a matter of statistics regarding
the work he had accomplished during the
year and what he had done during f .!ie
last decade. The number confirmed dur
ing the year was given as T3S. For the
decade the number confirmed was S2Vj; the
number of clergymen ordained, 1W; the
number of churches built, 8, and the num
ber of times the Bishop had officiated 2418.
An eloquent tribute was paid to the
memory of those noted in the church who
had passed away during the year, and the
address was afterward punctuated wnh
the '•All Saints' Prayer."
The report of the secretary of the boanl
of missions show<-d a hoalthy rate of
prosres*. While there were but sixteen
workers in the Held in IS*.*), there are now
thirty-.-ight. .
Major Hooper precipitated a lengthy
discussion by making a plea that the
salary of Archdeacon Emery be fixed at
$1500, '1n order that he might practically
become the assistant of the Bishop, whom
Mr. Hooper thought to be much ov< r
worked. The question was laid over for
linal consideration until to-day.
A united service was held at 8 o clock
in the evening in the interest of the
Brotherhood of St. Andrew and the
Daughters of the King, during which
there were ten-minute addresses by the
Bey. E. U Parsons, the Rev. D. O. Kelley,
Dr. George L. Baker and Ralph Daniels.
This service was followed by an Informal
reception in tho Sunday school room.
At 2 o'clock in tho afternoon there was
a semi-annual conference of officers of
the California branch of the Romans
Auxiliary, at which routine matters wore
disposed" of. On Friday the Woman s
Auxiliary exercises will form the princi
pal feature. At that time Rev. Dr dam
pen, the rector of Trinity Church, will
deliver the sermon.
The programme until the end or the
convention will be as follows:
Wednesday S a. m. — Celebration of holy com
m-inion lor" Jubilee day. 10:3-j a. m.-JuWlee
service vith an historical address by C. v. B.
Giblj? In the afternoon the convention may
resume it« session. i> to 11 p. m.— The Isishop
an.] Mrs. Nkhols hold reception In Occidental
Hotel for members of convention and all church
Thursday, feast of the conversion of St.
Paul— B a. m.. celebration of holy communion;
business of convention. The Board of Missions
ur »« large attendance of laymen at mission
ary r.jfetlr.R at 11 a. m., especially lor the half
hour from 12:15 to 12: li.
Friday. 10:30 a. m.. Trinity Church— Holy
communion and sermon, preceded by an office
of intercession: celebrant, the Bishop; preacher,
the Bey. Vt. CUmpett; 2:20 p. m.. Trinity
Church parlors, reunion of church women to
commemorate the twentieth year of California
branch.
An exhibit of documents and articles
connected with the fifty years' history of
the diocese will be arranged in the room
adjoining the vestry room of Trinity
Church by the ladies of the general com
mittee, Mrs. W. H. Taylor, Miss Came
Gwin and Mrs. A. M. Lawyer.
DELB E R T
*^ M. DEWEY; ?pe
fl«B/A\ cial agent of the
Jfj3B£/tJi\ Federal Depart-
Wljinif/""" \\ rnent of Labor,
M /»y*X i. who is in the city
\n||§£||ajM investigating la
<s§ps-*«J; bor troubles, is
also promoting
what will be the
greatest family
convention yet hold in this coun
try. He is arranging for a Dewey
convention in Carnegie Hall, New
York, that will last four days. At its
close a big banquet will be served at
which two thousand guests, all mem
bers of the Dewey family, will be
present. The festivities include a pil
grimage to Wfstfield, Mass., the an
cestral home of the Dewey family
in America.
While searching for data Commis
sioner Dewey made the discovery that
the family possessed a poat of arms
grarted to one Simeon Dewey in
England when he was baronet of
Stow Hall in the year 1204. The record
of the original grant was found in the
archives of the British Museum. Th©
motto was not found with it and is
purely a matter of tradition in the
American family. The motto, "Cor -
r.a Venlet Delectl**' is interpreted,
"A crown will come to the deserving.''
Th«-re are more than a hundred
Dewey families in California, live of
that name being oditors of weekly pa
pers in the interior.
Soon after the arrival of Admiral
Dewey In Washington he was asked
to set a time when it would be agree
able to himself to meet the members
of his family at a reunion. To that
TEE EMTOEnTKL i THE EMPORIUM.
X Jt
* Photograph ftmrnwr ISliilßbiffeSfoßfl ITkaAU Shcot %
I Gallery- ®MW %jf* JrOfC III HH Music Half %
% All classes of Work. | i** 0 * and *V RW Publishers' Frices Jt
£ One of the finest * * Goblenifcalc Bazaar. Until g
J Galleries in the West wrwun uaroest-axerica-s ckamdest srom. Further Notice. $
a - - jt
% Reliable Goods— Genuine Values. 3
£ -z jt
X ¦ &
X Fine Di*CSS GOOCiS The important sale of Colored Dres3 Fabrics *
£* £?O*» O<a»* V*»m»# announced in the Sunday p3per3 continues %
g. %9%fG rer WarU. until closing time Saturday night. They are JS
it from the famous wholesale housa of Arnold, Constable & Co., New York. Fancy -J
*£ P:aids, Camels' Hair Check?, French Coverts, Vigoreaux Suiting, Hair Line Stripes, *'
Light Gray and Tan Mixtures, Silk and Wool Novelties and many handsome weaves )t
** in Plain Colored Fabrics. They are actually worth from 75c to $3 a yard. «J
If Sales Tables— Main Aisle. " 5
* OltO'Ouarter Off All this week tha finest grada that I*3 mada of >*
g£ gt §tuttttartCi* flf 6 *' "Stuttgarter" Wool Sanitary Underwear— %
J* MXm 9r f om^ iM£%9%mm the famous No. 105— Vests, Pants or Combination 'x
ff UMMErWearm Sait3, sizes 28 to 44, at 25 per cent off regular prices. .*
Jf Second Section— L«ft of Main Entrance. Jt
i ============ S
J Two Days' Ribbon |
I Remnant Sale. J^* !^tt^ffi^ :!
tf Wednesday and Thursday only — A large accumulation /C^v-feuWii*^ "«
|( of short lengths of all kinds of Ribbon— a very large lot this r^^N^A£r&\jy 'J
jj^ time— in lengths varying from fto 2$ yards each; satin, 7 'jt
i y plain and moire taffeta* and all kinds of fancy ribbon at \\ •*
g One-Half Already K^^)r^>f |
i Reduced Prices. %
J£ Sales Tables— Main Aisle. *^ 5s
*> , Jt
g. = 1 9 ,%
v Two Days' Special Sale. \ Wednesday Special Sate. Jt
$ $ tO Jackets joj^S) < $1. 5 0 Marseilles This day 5
I for $4.95. ggm \Spreads, $1.18. S red heaTy |
£ This new Jacket esw^7 | Marseilles Bed Spreads, in blue and red Jt
!£ "and many other styles iX?^. j effects, colors fast, for large beds, siza -J
•£ of fine all-wool Jack- "6x93 inches, designs reversible, our* 1.50 '$
£» ets, coverts, kerseys Jn^lv I'>iaMtj for ...$1.13 X
S" and cheviots, nearly yyfxi Dry GooJs Section— Adjoining Elevator. Jt
*¦ all of the fashionable / | «=^*\| M/Wt»-<-v«i 0.*,-, -,/ c^^ «
i colors in the collec- / J Tli | Wednesday Special Sale. g
% tion, most of them/ / \]Vf Fancy Striped cS3 <*
£ silk lined, Jackets (r?f \\o q\L\ Half Hose. FV^I «
| i that weresB.sO, $10 VV)T JQ "*£ I|g |
j V and U2.00, on spe- \V^Jf 4U striped Half Hose in A±M 5
& cial sale to-day Wed- M,^^fc^ gha(Jea f M S|R 5
5 : nesday, and Thursday b- ' -V.^4^ red, brown and green. ¦*
J : onl r $4.95 '- etc> combined with gSS %
f» black and white, just as /^g--; Jt
X Wednesday Special Sale. I pretty as the 50c and >o^^p\ *$
% Irish Point 30 pairs only -to the Tsc kinds full finished, >^^^J Jt
| Curtains firs ' come « to-day.i^ l^^ a P f air . t0 "/W^^ •?
$ *%H?O Wednesday, Iris hj da y 3 P aire fo £--" J\\^ jj
» P^'SO* Point Lace Curtains,!-:-: : 53p-i^S ,%
|»» 3i yards long 50 inches wide, handsome, j sm & Ie P air t7 ° •{
jJ. attractive pattern, regularly $3.75 a Wcdn'sdiv *htcial *aU &
£ pair, special to-day while quantity lasts wcan.wy special
£ $2.78 lOC Ink Good quality •«
fr T~>Ulr*4c~ 7*+ Ruled W "t in £ Pa- JS
* Wednesday »*Biews 9 £C. per - m noto and #
» weanesaay j>,. ecia, ~aie. packet gize> 100 gheet3 to a tMeU with •
*k Boys' Suits We maJce jt worth blotter, regularly 10c, on special sale to- \»
t ——j nn o _i e your while to visit day only 7O "**
%; anu rants. our Boy 3' Clothing Stationery Dep't.— Adjoining Book*. J2
$ ?aT rt ™ c oys" fl^ 0b Wednesd.y bp>ciol Sale. |
I $2.45 nr l*y Ladies' $1.75 *
lstti.T^\ UW\ S»oes for $1.12. S
f» suits at $1.45 \ *a( \ w e P^ce on special *—¦ -^ jt
H are in the two- L^. i» • X \ sale to " da y while . the VrT «
£ piece knee pants | Lr"\) quantity— 2oo paira— h. -1 "§
J- style, in neat dark colora ' ° /-\\ | lasts « Ladies' Dongola -•(*¦' Jt
X that don't show the dust LJ^d \ I X . id Button Shoes, like :g| 1 -*
*C much, well cut and sewed T" y V jfi \j picture, cloth tops, /• ,V* i ' x
% to stay, sizes 8 to 13 \- \ 1 \s& jcoin toes, patent t -\ X* \\ X
&; years. . regularly $2 45. I• M leather tips, sewed V \\, \\ £
•C for to-day only $1.45 \\ V*\ soles, all sizes, regu- C?WL^, \\ '%
5, _ * . _, I , larly $1.75 per pair, X
& Boys' Kneo \J\ J for $1.12 \^^K 5
I s? MM M" ..ss --_ V4 j
X regularly at 50c a pair; they are made Wednesday Special Sale. x
t£ from remnant 3 of men s all-wool Buitines. w tA cv A- . . .. «
£ neat dark colors; to-day, while the 200 FumliurO Staking reductions this -{
I pairs last, the special price... 350 and Carpets. j£ °s!fits! Sk %
k * U/ltfl* n,,™ tiff** i~ c*e * Ca3es * Writing Desks, Rockers, Brass Beds, •*
g While Quantities Last. H at Racks. Carpets, Linoleums and Rugs: %
X Special Sale Knit Woolen Skirts, I $30.00 Bedroom Sulto. "" v >
fc* BS—f4 oi-f-^^ new this season, $23. 75— Quarter-Sawed Golden Oak. 5
&* tinil amriSm & \\ good co \ or9t a n dresser has French plate mirror 24x20 %
£ wool, now on special sale at — ; inches, swell front and handsomely carved, 'v
X $I.o> Knit Skirts 65c Larga Rockor, $1.75— %
% §1.25 Knit Skirts SOc Roomy' comfortable Saddle Seat Rocker, >*
J' $1.50 Knit Skirts $1.0O o!ik finish ' a wonderful special offering ««
t£ - for this day only. •'
| Wednesday Special SaU. aS^JS'^SAT'SSSS S
** $2.50 Carpet $14. 75- Golden cak, commodious 5
*C *r L~~m.~ C# or ! space for books, fancy French plate mir- »f
fc Sweepers $r.UO. iror, glass door, a splendid bargain at to- X
*> Bi33ell's Best . 1 1 day's price. -J
J Standard Grand | $3.00 Hat Rack, $6.25— $
tt Rapids Carpet 1 1 Golden Oak, with a French plate mirror, "tt
*? Sweepers, finished II convenient umbrella stand, etc. •*
5> in oak, cherry or p. hi Brass bods, $16.75 -Full %
X mahogany, regu- \ ¦ J size, good, substantial posts, artistic de- JS
t? larly $2.50 each.y^sf =*^f signs, well made, at the very special =5
|j! 100 of them nn^^r* s^' 1 value, to-day's price $16.75 %
&>& > special sale to^^^^^; F*n*te'i£X Better Carpet values were never offered -J
fc* day only at SI. OS " you at retail. These prices are for to-day y
f» House Furnishing Department— an( J w hile quantities last: Vr
ft Hear of Rotunda. „.-¦.¦. «
If Tapestry Brussels, with borders. "^
| Wednesday Special Sale. "^^^h^^SSS 'f
tf Jill Linen For one da y onI y» Genuine Velvet Carpets, elegant de- •$
X _. . - §~4U*> to-day, Fringed signs, yard 850 X
JaOieClOins. Tablecloths, with Body Brussels, heavy, durable, yd. 85c X
red borders, strictly flax, good quality, Axminster Carpet, good, deep pile, with "5
X desirable as breakfast or lunch cloths — borders to match, yard 850 }s
*" The 90c size, 60x64 inches 680 Linoleums— lOOo yards remnants to be .**
S The $1.15 siza, 60x82 inches. 880 closed at a discount of 35 per cent from °2[
*• Dry Goods Section-Rear. (regular prices to sell quickly. If
EPISCOPALIANS
ARE ADVISED TO
BEAR THE CROSS
Bishop Nichols Opens
Their Convention.
•
IDEA ON CENTURY PROBLEM
ARCHDEACON'S SALARY CAUSES
WIDE DISCUSSION.
Interesting Programme Prepared fo:
the Consideration of Delegates
During the Rest of the
Week.
The semi-centennial convention of the
Episcopal Diocese of California, which
will last for three days, was called to or
der Us Trinity Church, Bush and Gough
streets, yesterday morning at 10 o'clock
by Bishop William F. Nichols. Rev. R. C.
Foute, the president of the standing com
mittee, officiated as celebrant of the holy
communion, after which Rev. M. D. Wil
son wes elected secretary and Herbert
Kolger assistant secretary. Bishop Nich
ols followed with a sermon which con
cluded the morning session, and «n ad
journment v.as taken to 3 o'clock in the
afternoon.
-The Church's Glory of Cross Rearing"
was the title of the sermon and the text,
"Unto him be glory in the church by
Christ Je^us throughout all ages, world
¦without cad," was taken from Ephesians
ill :£l.
"This is the ascription, the ideal and
apostolic policy fur the church all in one."
paid the preacher in introducing his
theme. "We usod it this morning more
especially for its apt putting of a pure
and primitive church policy. There is a
freshness and htalih of the childhood of
the church about it. It glows with the
lervor of apostolic zeal. If we could have
cur notion of what a church ought to be
clothed in, choice and precise, it has al
ready been done fe>r us htre— unto him
£lory in the church.
•\btit perhaps at nrst the text docs not
leave an altogether clear impression on
tJie mind. Most of our impressions of the
church that re-ally count with us have
been very definite, as reproaches ui>on the
church are not lacking in distinctness.
Now. every plotia. that we say or sing in
th.- servk-is is a help into a better in-
Blgnt into the meaning cf the text. Glory
m the church should be the intense con
oern of each and every age, as it comes
and goes out of each and every century
and liaH century- The most vital question
that can be askied about the half century
oi th-- diocese that so nearly coincides
v.;th the last half of the nineteenth cen
tury s<.-eins to me to be what glory has
be. r. given in the church. To answer thai
eju-->t:'j:i is to group the data around one
ar.d all of those whose kind manipulations
.¦; that piory we lind in the cUiirch of the
N> w Testament: namely, the glory of
crosF ijeuring, of worship and of general
character."
For some time- the speaker dwelt on the
trials of the church in California during
ih" last fifty ye-ars, during which he re-
Jerred in words of high praise to the work
«t the Bey. Flare! s. Mines, the tirst reo
tor ar.d founder of Trinity Church, whose
mfferiiiK from disease was such that his
ministry vas referred to as "literally that
<¦: a living man." He said that in lhM the
missionary board in the Kast declared
California, no longer a missionary ground
and on July 24 of that year the rirst con
vention was held in Trinity Chapel, the
ministers present being Key. Flavel S.
Mines. Key. John L. Ver Mehr. LU D..
Ke-v. Samuel Morehouse, Rev. Augustus
Fitch. Rev. Tornwnd Huddart and Key.
W. R. I^avf'nworth.
"Doi:'t look back upon the past and sing
dirpr-t." exhorted the Bishop. "The lives ;
of the?e men teach us that true worth and
ability rratly "come through conquering'
obstacles, through cross-bearing. To-day,
much as we need sjinctiried stewardship,
much as we need Influence In the great
agencies ol the Government, of education,
moral, social, political and economic re
form, we need still more the realization of
the power of the cross. Without that key
the fifty years of diocesan life form mere
hieroglyphics."
Thf afternoon session was opened with
nominations for standing committees,
boards and officials. The following were
the nominations, which will be confirmed
by vote to-day:
Ptanchne cigimitte*: Clercymm— J. Bak»
¦n-^li, \V. I. KTjT. E. J. Lion, R. C. Fout^. R
Hirhie. E. H Spa'.dlng. L H.D.. W. M. Heilly.
Layiti'n- Major W. B. Hooper, Colonel G<»orp<»
H. Mendel 1. A. N. Drown, C. D. Haven, WU
hani Babcock.
BuarJ of missions: Clergymen — D. C. Gar
rott. G. K. Swan. B. M. 'Wwden. T. I. Jj&cry,
Th.D. Laymen— G. 11. K»-llogff, Dr. H. C.
I>avis, Vjn<-en» N^alr, Colonel J. V. D. Mld
dieton. C. D. Haven. T. Edward Pop<>.
lioarJ of directors of th* dloe«*s.m corpora
tion—Richt Ber. William F. Nlrhols. Rev. D.
O. K'lley. A. H. Phelps. J. A. 'VVr'.Kht. W. A.
M. Van Bokkelen. Walter E. Dean.
Millenary council — Archdeacon John A.
Emery. Colonel J. V. D. Mirtdletcn. Rev. W. I.
Kir tde-cllr.edi. Registrar— Rev. r>r. McClure.
The report of Treasurer William A.
Van Bokkolen stowed the finances of the
diocese to be in a flourishing condition
so much fo. in fact, that for the first
time- in the history of the diocese a stun
loaned to a mission had been repaid, fit.
Jamr-s Mission, Sonora, repaid $"J SO it
had liorrowod.
Registrar MoC'.ure stated that his fail
ure to m?ke certain reports was due to
the failure of others to make them to
him. Out of fifty-three districts at Los
Angeles only seven had made reports
end only three out of fifty at Sacramento.
The report of the directors of th*> cor
poration. made by Rev. D. O. Kd'cy.
th<» Bf-cretary, pave the amount of
property on hand belonging to the
ciocrse in the way of securities in stocks.
FATHER CLARK
WELCOMED BY
ENDEAVOR HOST
Starting on a Tour of
the World.
RESULT OF AN EXPERIMENT
HAS SPREAD FAR BEYOND ALL
EXPECTATIONS.
Nineteenth Anniversary of the First
Society Will Be Celebrated
in Maine During This
Month.
Rev. Francis E. Clark, the father of
Christian Endeavor, was given a genuine
"Californlan welcome" last night by the
largest crowd that could assemble in the
First Congregational Church. The founder
of the Endeavor movement arrived in this
city yesterday, and will leave to-day on
the steamer China for the Orient.
"Father" Clark formed the first Chris
tian Endeavor society nineteen years ago.
He was then pastor of a church In Port
land, Me. The movement met with popu
lar approval, other churches followed the
example set them by Mr. Clark, and the
society spread until now it has branches
all over the entire world.
Mr. Clark's headquarters are now in
Boston. Mass. There he edits the official
organ of the Endeavor Union, besides at
tending to the numerous other duties
which his position as president entails.
His present tour will take him through
Siberia, China, Japan and Russia, and
will enable him to be present at the
world's convention to be held in London.
• Mrs. Clark accompanies her husband on
all his travels, and he says he finds her
assistance Invaluable, especially in Ori
ental countries where the prejudices of
the people make it impossible lor a man
to address a congregation of women. Mr.
and Mrs. Clark have their little son with
them, and will take him on the entire
tour.
"My object In going to the Orient at
this time," said Dr. Ciark. "is to be pres
ent at the convention to be held at Foo
chow. in China, another in Japan and
finally to see what the whole world can do
at the international convention at London
In June. In a few days it will be the
nineteenth anniversary of the society at
the little church where I launched the
experiment that I had no idea was to
prove such a success and to spreaa
throughout the whole world. This move
ment is the greatest religious event of the
century. No one could foresee what that
little meeting at Woolaston was to pro
duce, but It is plainly to be seen that it
was not the work of man, but the work of
God."
Mr?. Clark made a few remarks regard
ing the practical work of Christian En
deavor, and when she finished speaking
she was cheered, while all the women
waved their handkerchiefs.
"Common whisky Is a curse— the Old Gov-
ernment is a blessing. •
Overworked Warrant Clerks.
Judge Conlan had occasion yesterday
to draw attention to the fact that the
present staff of warrant clerks was over
worked. The Judge had a case of Grant
Wilks, a colored man charged with petty
Miss Annie B. Chalmers Dead.
Miss Annie B. Chalmers, principal of the.
Edison Primary School, died on Monday.
She had been ill about two months. Mis 3
Chalmers had taught in the department
twenty years. The funeral will take place
this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock from the
residence of her brother, 323 liaiffht s tree-
Better Wages for Shoemakers.
There was a meeting of the Custom
Shoemakers' Protective Association last
night at Pythian Hall,' having for Its ob
ject-the Increase in prices for labor. The
preamble sent. out by the executive com
mittee stated that owing to a rise in the
price of leather and findings It had be
come necessary for the shoemakers to osk
for an Increase In prices.
At the meeting last night C. E. Perry
presided, while George Pollock acted as
secretary. There were over a hundred
members of. the organization present, anJ
the entire situation was fully -gone over
and discussed in an Intelligent manner.
BURNS' ANNIVERSARY.
Attractive Programme Prepared by
St. Andrew's Society for the
Cslebration.
St. Andrew's Society' will celebrate the
one hundred and forty-firs* Robert
Burns' anniversary by a concorl and ball
In Scottish Hall on Friday evening, for
which extensive preparations have been
made. .
The programme for the concert is an
attractive one and will Include quartets
by the Knickerbockers; address on
Robert Burns by Hugh Craig; songs by
L. A. Larsen. Herbert Williams and Mrs.
Charles Olcott Richards, accompanied
by Wallace Sabln; duet by the Misses
Weir and recitations by Joseph M. Cum
mtng and Dr. J. AVllson Shlels.
Offices Not Blended.
Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford yester
day. In an opinion to D. J. Hall. District
Attorney of Trinity County, held that
•where one person under an ordinance of
the Board of Supervisors fills the offices
of Coroner and Public Administrator and
fails to file his bond as Public Adminis
trator within the time required by law.
such failure does not affect the title of
the person to the office of Coroner, the
offices being separate and not so blended
that the bond executed for the faithful
performance of the duties of one would
embrace the obligations of the other.
HE BLEW OUT THE GAS.
Robert McDonald Was Not Used to
Carbon Monoxide in Ireland.
Robert McDonald, Robert Lockhart,
Robert Kane and David Steele arrived
in this ctty on laj»t Monday night
from County Armagh. Ireland, to try
their luck In the Golden West. They
registered at the Brooklyn Hotel and Mc-
Donald and Lockhart were assigned to
one room and the two others to another.
They all retired about 9 o'clock. McDon
ald had not been accustomed to the use
of tras. and after turning down the light
a little he blew It out and Jumped into
bed About 2 o'clock In the morning he
was" awakened by the smell in the room,
and after opening the window an inch or
two lay down on the floor, where he was
found about 7 o'clock by Steele. who went
to the room to see If they were up and
,l r ,.v-se<i. Lockhart happened to ba nearest
the' window and did not suffer so much
as McDonald, and was soon all right.
McDonald was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where he was soon pronounced
out of danger.
on his bonds for any shortage that
might occur in the Joint custody safe
No check Is imposed on the Treasurer
for moneys outside of the safe, and as
he carries several hundred thousand dol
lars for the transaction of dally busi
ness, the necessity of counting th©
money at intervals is apparent. It is
thought that this may be done, however
on the order of the Mayor, since the
charter appears to grant him unlimited
authority on matters pertaining to th*
municipal government.
larceny, before him, and objection had
been made to the complaint drawn by
Warrant Clerk Peery. as the date was
wrong. The Judge said that he was not
surprised, as the clerks had to work day
and night and could not be blamed for
trifling errors. It was the same, he said,
with the stenographers.
SEQUEL TO A KILLING.
Quiseppe Sclafani Will Marry His
Brother's Widow.
The killing of Antonio Sclafanl by an
other Italian fisherman on llsherman's
wharf in August, IS9S, had its sequel yes
terday in the marriage license office when
"Cupid" Danforth issued a license for the
marriage of Gulseppa Sclafanl. the widow,
to Guiseppe Sclafani, his brother. An
tonio Sclafanl and his wife had been mar
ried only sixteen days when he was killed.
Giuseppe and Giuseppa Sclafani will
now change their relationship of brother
and sister in-law to that of husband and
wife and will be Joined In wedlock some
day this week at the Italian church.
BURIED BY FALLING EARTH.
Andrew Lovelle Had a Close Call
While Working in a Sewer Trench.
While working In a sewer trench seven
feet deep on California street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second avenues,
Andrew :Lavelle of 2923 Pine street, with
two other laborers, was partially burled
Monday afternoon by the falling In of
the embankment; -
Lavelle's friends extricated themselves
from the pile' of earth, but he was firmly
held by the mass of earth. After an
hour's work he was rescued. Lavelle was
unconscious when dug out of the trench.
A physician residing in the neighborhood
was summoned and through his efforts
Lavelle was revived.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
trill write the State Medical Institute.
They cured co many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental a.r.d
V>hysScal suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packapes to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
ruffer with any form of fexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
lots of strength and memory, weak back.
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly *rrat»ful
effect cf warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
nr.d 1 development just where it i«t needed.
It cures all the ills nnd troubles that
come from years of miruse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
fuccess in all capes. A request to ihe
fctate Medical Ic«ltute. Z7% Elektron
Landing. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you <se«=tre one of their free trial pacl:-
kg*s wiil be complied with promptly. The
Ir.rtltut* 1 is desirous of reaching* that
rr'at rla^s of men who are unable to
leave home to he treated, and tho free
rcmple will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
th*> proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be Bent a free nampie,
rarefulv ep«!<»<l In a plain package, so
that Its recipient neert have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Headers are
requested to write without delay.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO JUSTICES.
Election for the Offices to Be Held
Next Fall.
Secretary of State Curry sent to Attor
ney General Tlrey L. Ford an Inquiry a3
to whether the names of candidates for
Justices of the Peace In San Francisco
should be placed on the general or mu
nicipal ticket. Mr. Ford In his response
states that Justices of the Peace In the
city and county of San Francisco are Judi
cial officers under the State constitution;
that they are to be elected at the same
time and In the same manner that State
officers are elected; that they are not city
and county officers, and therefore do not
come within section 1196 of the Political
Code; and further, that the names of the
parties to be voted for for the office of
Justice of the Peace should be placed
upon the general ticket, within the mean
ing of section 1197 of the Political Code.
"It Is assumed in the foregoing," the opin
ion states, "that under the law there Is
to be an election for Justices of the Peace
'next fall,' that is, In November, 1900."
STATE HEALTH BOARD
DISCUSSES THE PLAGUE
INTERESTING SESSION AT THE
GRAND HOTEL.
Dr. Bazet Offers a Timely Paper on
the Spread of Tuberculosis and
Members Consider Quar
antine Matters. f
The four members of the State Board of
Health met last night in the Grand Hotel
to listen to a paper by Dr. L. Bazet upon
the prophylaxis of tuberculosis and to
discuss quarantine measures for the pre
vention of the introduction of the bubonic
plague.
The meeting was continued from an ad
journment taken in Sacramento Monday
night. There were present Dr. D. D.
Crowley of Oakland. Dr. C. A. Ruggles of
Stockton. Dr. L. Bazet of this city and
Dr. \V. P. Mathews. After the session
had been In progress for some time Dr.
J. M. Williamson and other members of
the city Board of Health came in to listen
and to participate In the discussion.
Dr. Bazet's paper was a lengthy treatise
on the contagious properties of tubercu
losis. He cited a number of authorities
and tables of statistics to show the rapid
Kprea<i ot the disease through contact
with tuberculous subjects. After an ex
haustive and detailed statement of the
virulence of the disease he concluded by
advocating a number of hygienic rules
to prevent the spread of consumption. The
main purpose ot the paper was to corrob
orate the stand taken by the State board
some time ago whtn ft suggested a State
quarantine against those afflicted with
consumption. ' « •¦¦ ¦
It was resolved to take charge of the
quarantine tug Governor Perkins, with
the consent of the Governor.
The next »übject for discussion was the
bubonic plague. Dr. Bazet was appointed
a committee of one to st-e Dr. Ktuiyon ot
the Federal quarantine service and re
quest him to notify the State board if any
case of bubonfc plague entered the port.
ITALIAN EDITOR ON
TRIAL FOR LIBEL
CHARGE BASED ON AN ARTICLE
IN LA CRITICA.
Dr. de Lucis, the Aggrieved Party,
Puts on Witnesses to Testify
Against the Defendant,
Mancini.
The trial by jury of G. Mancini, editor
of La Critlca, on the charge of criminal
libel preferred by Dr. A. de Lucls, attract
ed a large number of the Italian colony
yesterday afternoon to Judge Mogan's
court. Dr. de Lucis was represented by
Prosecuting Attorney Harris and Attor
ney Madden, and the defendant by Attor
neys Devoto and Percy Long.
The article complained of appeared in
La Critlca last October. It charged the
doctor with having been convicted of a,
felony in Italy and other offenses. The
doctor was called as the first witness and
denied the allegations in the article. He
testified that Mancini called upon him at
his office and demanded $100 to refrain
from publishing the article. Mancini was
ordered out of the office. Mrs. Emma
Rose, the doctor's sister-in-law, testified
that she was in his office "at the time. She
corroborated the doctor's testimony.
Charles Boreos. 632 Broadway, testified
to a conversation with Mancini, during
which Manclnl said that De Lucls was
"blowing" himself In saloons, and If he
had paid him the money he was squan
dering the article would not have ap
peared. Manclnl added that De Lucis had
offered him $5 Out of charity, which was
indignantly refused. F. Blaglnl, 563
Greenwich street, gave similar testimony.
At this stage F. Cavagnaro, wine mer
chant, and Dr.' Joseph Pescia were called
for the defense. The former testified that
he had heard the doctor's character dis
cussed and It was bad. Dr. Pescia testi
fied that Mancinl's character was good.
The case was then continued till to-mor
row afternoon. ;,-,_.<
Chinese Weapons Retained.
Judge Cabaniss refused yesterday to
make an order returning to Chinese
weapons taken from them when arrested
on the ground that the end justified the
means in the present condition of China
town. The application had been made
by A. S. Newburgh. who claimed that
the police had no right to interfere with
the privileges of citizens.
COURT NOTES.
Mrs. Annie Mueller filed suit yesterday
against Lena Gehrels to recover $10,0W
damages for the alleged alienation of the
affections of plaintiff's husband by the
defendant. Mrs. Mueller alleges that In
IS9S, Lena Gehrels, by her blandishments
and seductions, alienated the love and
affection of Mr. Mueller, and although
Mueller died in October, ISI'9. she has
since remained unmarried and unhappy
by reason of the' wrongs committed by
the defendant.
John Nightingale yesterday sued John
T., Sarah A. and Anna M. Sullivan to
foreclose a chattel mortgage for $3300, se
cured by all of the furnishings in the Ho
tel Oriel, 1904 Market street.
L'p to date John Farnham has gained
107 votes in the recount of the ballots cast
at the last election for the office of Pub
lic Administrator. Patrick Boland, Public
Administrator-elect, picked up a few
votes Monday, but the count is again go-
Ing against him.
Owing to a death In the family of one
of the witnesses, the trial of John Hargon
and Albert Ross, charged with robbery,
was continued by Judge Dunne yesterday
until this morning.
OCEAN VIEW RAILROAD
GATE AND ITS HOODOO
Another Accident Barely Averted by
the Prompt Action of Corporal
Shanahan.
Had it not been for the prompt action of
Corporal Shanahan yesterday afternoon
there would have been another case for
the Coroner at the railroad crossing at
Ocean View. At 5:30 p. m., as the incoming
train approached the crossing, a China
man was driving a wagon on his way
home from the cemetery. The Mongolian
had got Inside the gate when the rcun in
charge of the crossing discovered the
train approaching. He rushed to the
crank and proceeded to lower the gates
before the team on which the Chinaman
was driving had got clear of the crossing.
The result was that the arm of the lower
ing gate caught the top of the wagon and
held the vehicle fast in a position where
the train would cut it through. Corporal
Shanahan, who is In charge of the Ocean
View police station, fortunately happened
to be standing by at the time, and he
rushed in and raised the arm of the gate
sufficiently to ease the wagon and at the
same time melted the horse's head and
turned him to one side, thus swinging the
wagon clear of the passing train. The
frightened Mongolian jumped from his
seat and ran like a liberated wild animal.
It was some time before Corporal Shana
han could induce him to take charge of
his team and drive off. The man whom
the railroad company keeps to look after
the hoodoo gate remained as impassive as
a sphinx.
This hoodoo. pate has a companion In
the one at Sunnyslde. where accidents oc
cur frequently, and too often with a sacri
fice of human life.
MANY CHARITIES
BENEFIT UNDER
FRIEDMAN'S WILL
No Creed Distinction
Made.
DOCUMENT FILED IN COURT
GAS SHARES DIVIDED AMONG
MANY PEOPLE.
Trust Fund Provided for the Relief
of Indigent Sick at Deca
dent's Native Place in
Russia.
The will of Julius Friedman, capitalist,
was filed for probate yesterday by Attor
neys T. D. Riordan and T. Z. Blakeman,
representing the executors named by the
deceased. By the terms of the will a
large portion of Friedman's estate is be
quf-atht-d to charity, a majority of the in
stitutions in this city of this character
being remembered by the testator. In the
bequests the testator makes no distinc
tion as to race, color, sect or creed, and
the final distribution of his property,
which is valued at nearly $1,000,000. will
bring happiness to thousands now de
pendent on a generous public for their
existence.
In his will Friedman named William
Alvord, president of the Bank of Califor
nia; J. M. Friedberg, salesman with
Greenebaum. Weil & Michels, and Attor
ney Edward R. Lande executors. He next
requested that in the event of his death
in this city his remains be incinerated and
his ashes deposited in the Columbarium
chamber or the San Francisco Cremation
Company in au unpretentious urn, there
to remain until called for by the Hebrew
Home Society for interment.
After all lur.eral and expenses of ad
ministration have been paid the will di
rects that sufficient "personal estate bonds
be sold to purchase from the Bank of Cal
ifornia on the Rothschilds paid exchange
for 250,'>j0 francs, to be held in trust for
the purpose ot aiding indigent sick per
sons in decedent's native place. Mltau in
Courland, Russia. One-half the interest
is> directed paid the Hebrew Chebra
Bikur Cholim, the balance to be used In
assisting indigent Christians of all sects
and creeds, "as said fund Is being donated
by the youngest son of the late Burgher
Solmon Elias Friedman of the city of
Mltau."
<. Decedent also makes the following be
quests: To the three children of I. M.
Friedberg 10 shares of the capital stock
of the Humboldt Savings and Loan So
ciety; to the Hebrew, Protestant and
Roman Catholic orphan asylums, 33 1-3
shares each of the capital stock of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany; and of the same stock 25 shares
each to the French, German, St. Mary's
and Mount Zion hospitals; 60 shares to be
divided equally among- the French La
aies' Benevolent Society, German Ladies'
Benevolent Society, Hebrew Ladies' Mu
tual Benevolent Association and the La
dies' United Hebrew Benevolent Society;
to the Eureka Benevolent Society of San
Francisco 30 shares; to the Home Asso
ciation for Aged and Infirm Colored Peo
ple of California. 15 shares; to the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children, 10 shares; 5 shares to the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals: 100 shares to be
equally divided between Benjamin, Jose,
Fanny and Nany Abrahamson; 50 shares
to Ik*» M. Friedberg; 50 shares to Ed
ward R. Lande; 25 shares to Mrs. Maria
Lande; 25 shares to Mrs. Josephine Ma
hie; 20 shares to Miss Grace linger; 20
shares to Miss Emma Masker; 20 shares
to" Miss- Margaret Loewy; 10 shares to
Miss Hannah Cohen; 10 shares each to
Darina and Archy J. Loryea of San Jose;
30 shares to, the three daughters of N. A.
Hirstel of 213 Montgomery street; 10
shares to the"two eldest boys" of Joseph
Greenberg, 2293 Franklin street; 10 shares
to the "youngest boy" of Frank Tillman,
Broadway and Larkin street; 20 shares
to Miss Sarah M. Jacobs, 2293 Franklin
street; 10 shares to Louis J. Kruse; 10
shares to Horace C. Mercer; 5 shares to
Miss Lulu Neufleld; 5 shares to Fred Ba
;in, amllO shares to the Hang Chau Bene
lieial Society.
Friedman bequeaths the residue of his
estate, a sum that will probably reach
$230,000, to the Hebrew Home for the
Aged- Disabled. This bequest will place
the home on an enviable .financial
basis. Fearing that his generosity might
CHUse the management of the home to
name, the institution in his memory he
requests that no such attempt be made,
but asks that it be continued under its
present title. The home is situated at 705
Lombard street and for some time It has
been the desire of the management to
ral*e a small mortgage and enlarge the
building, as It has accommodation for
only twenty people. Doubtless a change
of location will now be made and a splen
did building erected for the purposes of
the association. The officers of the soci
ety at the present time are: Samuel Po
lack, president; Peter Abrahamson, vice
president; Mrs. M. Kaskell, secretary
Miss Amelia Levy, assistant secretary-
Philip • Fabian, assistant treasurer; Na
than Goldtrie, I. Moss, B. Cohen and H.
Olcovich, directors.
letter he made the following answer:
Mr. Adelbert M. Dewey, Washington, D.
C— Dear Sir and Kinsman: I have the
honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter Inquiring- If It would be agreeable to
me to have a cathering of Deweys assem
bled to jrreet me at a banquet, and I beg
to thank you most heartily for the compli-
ment, as well as for the Interest manifested
in me.
It would clve me treat pleasure to meet
all the members of the Dewey family, and
I will commnnicate with you later as to a
date which will be most convenient for me
without interfering with my official duties.
TWO THOUSAND DEWEYS ARE
TO BANQUET THE ADMIRAL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
With very kind regards, I am yours truly,
GEORGE DEWEY.
Responses to letters of Invitation
have been coming in freely and the
success of the reunion is assured. The
consensus of opinion seems to favor
June or September as the time and
New York City as the place of the
meeting of the clans. The committee
of arrangements is made up of men
from all branches of the family and
representing almost every State, as
follows:
Adelbert M. Dewey, Washington,
D. C, chairman; William T. Dewey,
Montpelier, Vt., secretary; George
Eugene Dewey, Brooklyn, N. V., '
treasurer; Frederick H. Dewey. San
Francisco; Orville C. Dewey, Wheel-
Ing, W. Va.; Courtland A. Dewey, .
Kenosha, Wis.; Dr. Henry Wells
Dewey, Tacoma, Wash.; Professor
Willis A. Dewey, Ann Arbor, Mich.;
Captain James A. Dewey, Wanamie, '
Pa.; Edson E. Dewey, Boston, Mass.;
Addice E. Dewey, Watertown, N. V. ;
Edwin John Dewey, Philadelphia; Ed
ward Wilkins Dewey, New York City;
H. E. Dewey, Lead, S. D.; George
Goodwin Dewey, New York City; Ed
la J. Dewey, Norwalk, Ohio; Henry
S. Dewey, Boston, Mass.; Issacher B.
Dewey, Beatrice. Neb.; Franklin
Smith Dewey, Bay City, Mich,;
George Perrin Dewey, Portland, Me.';
George Laurln Dewey, New Orleans,
La.; William Fitch Dewey, Toledo,
Ohio; Hon. Almon Ralph Dewey,
Washington, Iowa; J. E. Dewey, Leb
anon, N. H. ; Rev. Finlay MacNaugh
ton'Dewey, Montreal, Canada; Frank
lin Seth Dewey, Westfleld, Mass. Oth
ers are to be added to this list as fast
as acceptances can be secured.
In conclusion the president appointed L
Tiernan, Alexander McDonald, N \
Lunstrom, George Hall and John A. Olsen
as a committee to draft a scale commen
surate with existing conditions and report
at a meeting to be held next Sunday,
when the subject will be further dis
cussed. . • .
~Jf(ffififeL Neglect cf a Cough or Sore
Throat-often results in an
ftwnpfif7!Tj| Incurable Lung Disease or
¥Kra^&ji»£3f Consumption. For relief In
S&jy^oS/ Throat troubles useßp.ovrr;'s
BnoNcnuL Troches, a sim-
ple yet effective remedy. Sold only in boxes.
5
ADELBERT M. DEWEY.Girl Had "Poison."
Alice Porter, 16 years of ape, an employ©
of the Crown Manufacturing Company,
residing 1 with her parents at 2314 Sixteenth,
Btreet. created a mild sensation yesterday
morning by attempting to swallow tho
contents of a bottle marked "poison." Her
companions took the bottle from her. It
is said the "poison" was only a bluff.
F"aded hair recovers Its youthful color anA
softness by the us* of Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorra. the best cure for corns. IS cts.
HOTEL DEL COP.ONADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Kow only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay. $3 00 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montsomery street. San Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions cf
mothers for their children whlla Teething with
perfect success. It soothes tho child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by drucslsts In every
part of the world. Ba sure and ask for i!n
Wlnslow'i Soothing Syrup. 2So a bottle.
Policeman to Marry.
James Altken, one of the most popular
men on the police force. &ot a week's
leave of absence yesterday, and to-day he
¦will be married to Mrs. Bertha Moore,
1013 Post street. He has for some years
had his beat on Broderick and Baker
streets.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
terday as follows: C. W. Mathews. mer
chant, San Francisco, liabilities SS3S 24.
assets $27; J. M. Powderly. butcher.
Sacramento, liabilities $1535. assets $500;
G. M. Hill, mining engineer. Auburn.
Placer County, liabilities $2282. no assets.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AREA OF TWO CITIES— R. L. 8., Ar
cata. Cal. The area of Chicago is 183
square miles. That of New York City
(Greater New York) is 265 square miles.
STAMPS— Reader. City. This depart
ment cannot advertise any dealer In
stamps. Look In the classified part of the
City Directory.
REALF THE POET— E., City. The re
mains of Richard Realf, the poet, who
died in this city October 28, IS7S. were laid
at rest in the Grand Army plat of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BROADTVAY BANK— A. C. R-. City.
For Information about the status of the
Broadway National Bank of Boston.
Mass.. address a letter of inquiry to the
Comptroller of the United States Treas
ury, Washington, D. C.
ABALONES— W. H. 0., Spreckels, CaL
Abalones are prepared by taking from the
shell and salting, after which they are
dried. The Chinese, who seem to be th©
only ones who care for them as food,
boll them and season to taste.
NOT A LEAP YEAR— A Subscriber.
City. You are mistaken as to the rule for
discovering a leap year In the one hun
dredth year. It Is such as are divisible
by 400, not by four, that are leap years.
As 1900 cannot be divided by 400 without a
remainder It Is not a leap year.
DIVORCE AND MARRIAGE— S.. City.
If a woman Is divorced in this State and
within thirty days after the decree mar
ries again in this State, she would oc
cupy the position of a woman living with
a man without being married to him.. for
such a marriage Is null and void.
LIGHTS AND WAGONS— S.. Napa, Cal.
There is no law in California that reg
ulates the placing of lights on the dash
board of wagons or other vehicles. As a
rule, two lights are carried, one on each
sido of the dashboard, and when but one
is used it Is usually placed In the middle.
THE MAULE— A. S.. City. Nothing has
been heard of the steamer Maule. which
sailed from San Francisco for El Trlunfo,
Mexico, September 30, 1899. She was bound
for destination via San Diego, but she
never reached that port. She had a cargo
of dynamite on board, and it is feared
that she was destroyed by an explosion.
RELIGIOUS CREEDS— L. E. G., Lodi.
Cal. This department has not the space
to devote to answering the question, "Will
you kindly oblige by stating the doctrines
of the different religious creeds. Including
theosophy?" Such a question cannot be
answer briefly. Would refer you to relig
ious books — one of each denomination
for the answer asked for.
DEPENDS ON THE METAL—Sub
scriber. Oakland. Cal. The value of a
cent of 1853 depends upon the metal
While no premium is offered for one of
that date, the selling price Is for copper
nickel with large letters 10 cents to $1
copper nickel, small letters, 20 to 50 cents'
pure copper, small letters. $5 to $7 50. This
is tho price list for the flying eagle cent.
CREW OF THE CHARLESTON— C. A.
S.. King City. The men who composed
the crew of the Charleston at the time of
the wreck have been distributed on vari
ous vessels at the Manila station. A let
ter intended for one of these should b©
directed to his name, with the addition:
"Formerly of the U. S. S. Charleston at
time of wreck," in care of Admiral Wat
eon, Manila. P. I. All who were of that
crew will if living be at the expiration of
term of service returned to San Francisco.
LICENSE IN THE CHARTER— W. A.,
City. The following are the provisions la
the charter of San Francisco in relation
to license. Section 15 of the chapter re
lating to Supervisors and their power Is
"To Impose license taxes and to provide
for the collection thereof; but no licen-ie
taxes shall be imposed upon any per
son who. at any fixed place, of business
in the city and county, sells or manufac
tures goods, wares or merchandise ex
cept such as require permits from' the
.j a j . ° *».? ollce Com ralssioners as pro
vided in this charter." v
The Police Commissioners have the
power to grant permits for license for the
retailing of liquors, and one section re
lating to the Police Department says
"The Chief of Police shalPpSsslss* pW
ers of general police Inspection, supervts
lo "i/i, and . con , tr ol over all pawnbrokers,
peddlers, junkshop keepers; dealers in
second-hand merchandise. auctioneers
and intelligence offlce keepers. All n".
sons engaged In said callings must first
Procure permits from the Commission.
APPRENTICES AT MARE ISLAND—
E., City. Boy b are received as apprentices
at Mare Island when there are vacancies.
Tho applicants must be between the ages
HOUSE DRESS. PRINCESS STYLE
This toilet should be made In liberty
brocade satin. It is a dress in the princess
style, very wide at the bottom. Gold
passementerie decorates the line of open
ing at the side. The shoulders are sur
rounded by a flounce in white embroid
ered crape, this same trimming forming
the wristbands.
THE EXTRA SESSION.
yHAT was long ago foretold by The Call and
M expected by the public has happened. Gov
ernor Gage has issued a call for an extra ses
sion of the Legislature. A full report of the document
may be found in another column. It outlines several
important measures on which legislation, it is
claimed, is required at this time, as delay, in the
Governor's estimation, would be prejudicial to pub
lic interests. \\ hether or not the taxpayers would
have preferred to wait for the regular session is no
longer an issue. The call has been sent forth and the
extra session will be held.
With this action the attention of the people will
turn irom the Governor to the Legislature. Upon
the members of the two houses it depends whether
the session is to be long, costly and fruitless or worse
than fruitless, or whether it will result promptly in ac
tions which will merit and receive the approval of the
people.
If the legislators deal wisely and promptly with the
measures they have been called to consider, and elect
a United States Senator worthy of the honor, there
will be no complaint of the session. Such actions will
more than repay all the money the session may cost.
If, on the other hand, the Senatorial election result
in another time of confusion and disagreement, if it
delay the performance of the work for which the ses
sion has been specifically called, or if it result in the
election of a man of the Dan Burns stripe, then the
session will be not only an extravagance, but a po
*
litical blunder of the worst kind.
The Republicans in the Senate and the Assembly
cannot overlook the importance of the Senatorship.
We are on the eve of a Presidential campaign. The
contending parties in this State are not unequally di
vided. It requires a comparatively small change in
the vote to transfer California from the Republican
to the Democratic column, and consequently any
"• ' .. ¦ J
issue which complicates a Presidential campaign is
dangerous to the party which precipitates that issue
upon the voters. It will be the fault of the Republi
cans of the Legislature if the Senatorial question re
mains to be fought over in the coming campaign,
and accordingly it is their duty to settle it at once
¦-" « ¦ ¦¦'.•"-'-¦'*¦¦
It must be borne in mind, however, that it would be
better to leave the issue open than to attempt to close
it by the election to the United States Senate of a
man whom the people regard with a just suspicion
of corruption and whom they would reject at the
polls. The only way to eliminate the issue from the
coming campaign is by electing a Senator who repre
sents the genuine Republicanism of the State, one
who«e election will not be an offense to the honesty
and the intelligence of the party and to the inde
pendent voters. With what chance of success couli
the Republican candidates for the Legislature appeal
for re-clccticn this fall if in addition to a costly extra
session they had no better record of work to show
than the election of a disreputable boss, or the tool
of a boss, to the United States Senate?
This, then, is the issue that confronts the Repub
licans of the Legislature, and there is but one way
of meeting it wisely. The Senatorial contest should
be disposed of at once, and then the other work of
the session be taken up and finished with prompt
ness and good judgment. The people will not grudge
the cost of the session if the work be well done, but
there will be a day of sad reckoning for somebody if
the results of the session prove disappointing to the
wishes of the people.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjiheum — Vaudeville.
Ca!ifcrr.!a — "In Paradise."
Grairi Opera-house — '"Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
AlLarnbra— "At Gay Coney Island."
Aicazar — "Lord Chumley."
Chutes. Zoo aal Theater— Vaufievllle every afternoon and
?ver.lr.g.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Song Recital, to-morrow night.
Oakland Rare Track— Races.
of 15 and 17 years and remain until 21. the
same as apprentices in the navy. They
are taught various trades, but before be
ing accepted must pass a civil service ex
amination, and also undergo a physical
examination. Applications must be filed
with the secretary of the bureau of la&cr
employment at the yard, and examina
tions are held at stated periods. The boy
who is accepted receives the first year
20 per cent of the pay of a first class
workman in th© line to which ho has been
assigned, the next year 30 per cent, th©
next 40 per cent, the next 50 per cent and
the next 60 per cent. At the c!os« of that
year he graduates and he has a prefer
ence for a position in the yard at his
trade. No pay is allowed to apprentices
when the work upon which they are en
gaged is suspended, but they ara rein
stated when the work is resumed.
TROOPS IN CUBA— Constant Reader.
City. The following United States troop 3
were in Cuba on the 10th of January. 1900:
Second Cavalry. Troops B. E, H, X, at
Santa Clara: A. C, D. F. G. M. at Matan
zas; I. L. at Placetas: Seventh Cavalry.
A. B. D, F. H. X, L, M. at Havana; C. E.
I, G, at Pinar del IUo; Eighth Cavalry.
G, I. K. L, M, at Puerto Principe; E, at
Neuvitas: Tenth Cavalry, A, C. at Man
zanillo; B. at Glbara; D, at Mayari; I. at
Holquin; X, at Puerto Padre: L. M, at
Baycuyo: First Infantry, E. F, G-, H. at
Pinar del Rio; I. X, L, M. at Guanajay;
Second Infantry. B, C. D. M. at Paso Ca
ballo; A. at Bancti Spiritus; I. at Sagua
la Grande; K. at Trinidad; L. at Capur
ren: Fifth Infantry, A. C, F. .G. at San
tiago; B. at Barraco: D. at El Caney; E.
at San Luis; H, at Buanlananco; Eighth
Infantry. A, B, C. D. E. F, G, H. at Ha
vana, and Tenth Infantry, A, B, C. F, G,
H. at Matanzaa, and D and E, at Car
denas.
soldier; ami^from Carlyle's account of the battle of
Fontenoy is brought the statement, "The English'
officers, it is evident, behaved in their usual manner,
without knowledge of war or fear of death."
Another view is presented by a writer for the Lon
don Telegraph, who in presenting the German esti
mate of the situation says: "It is the opinion of
most Germans that England is verging upon the state
of senile decay. Their Government regards it as un
sentimental business to provide for that as for every
other eventuality. Germany prepares for every new
development. Each new development finds England
unprepared. The South African situation repeats the
old weary lesson to our dull ears, while we rely upon
nothing safer than our faculty for 'pulling through,'
a faith worth no more and no less than that of the
hopeful pitcher which still journeys to the well. Eng
land is like an athlete out of training, who must yet
strip for the struggle. If the checks of the South Af
rican campaign could awaken the country to an
effectual sense of the absolutely vital necessity of
emulating Germany in foresight and energy, the
Transvaal war would be the salvation of the empire."
Of course the jingo party in the kingdom will make
abundant use of the reverses as arguments for increas
ing the army. Their creed is that neither the Minis
try nor the generals are to blame, but the taxpayers
to object to military expenditures. Each of these va
rious views discloses more or less truth concerning
the British. To outsiders, however, their defeats wil\
not seem wholly to their discredit The fact is that
no nation could have done better. The Boers are
good fighters, and have shown they know how to
fight with strategy as well as with valor. Even the
Kaiser's proud army would not find an invasion of
the Transvaal a holiday march.
AMERICAN GIRLS AND TITLED HUSBANDS.
WARNING BY THE
COMTESSE DE CHAVANNE
•^-T N American girl had better be dead than married
f j to one of these foreign aristocrats. Let these so
f—j called noblemen alone— that Is my advice to every
I young American woman."
A Above is the advice spoken by La Comtesse Lo
rean de Chavanne at the Waldorf to a New York World
representative on Sunday last. The Comtesse was Miss
Oulrda Benson of Brooklyn, daughter of Captain Henry
John Benson of the revenue cutter service.
"Yes, let the American girl beware the titled foreign
ers," continued La Comtesse. "If she is married to one
she will rue It"
Mme. La Comtesse says she knows, for she tried it.
"I want to warn American young women to shun the
decadent foreigners with titles who try to marry rich
wives," she added. "It Is a matter of barter and sale. I
was an American girl, and when very young I married a
Frenchman of title. When he died, not long ago, I found
among his papers a contract which he had made with a
person who was In that business — to find him an eligible
wife with a fortune. He paid In Installments for the ser
vices of the person who brought me to his attention.
"He squandered my money, and my life was unhappy.
My experience is typical of the rottenness of the foreign
aristocracy, especially that of France.
"Among these impecunious nobles flourishes the busi
ness of high-class matrimonial agents with a quasi-social
standing, who for a commission find wives for marriage
able men of title.
"It Is infamy, and I want to warn the poor little Amer
ican girls who go abroad with false notions and who are
easily dazzled by a title against the sham of It.
"As the wife of the Count Chavanne I moved for some
years in the society of the Faubourg St. Germain. I know
Its little sins and Its big sins. I know its scandals and I
know the private history of many persons whose names
are spoken with awe In the society of New York City.
Some years ago a titled foreigner married an heiress of
this city whose family was socially prominent here.
The histories of many of them will not bear lns P ect '° n "
"When there la marriage without love how can you
keep out scandal? High society in France has all too much
of it. It is honeycombed with It.
"When the poor American girl whose papa has aft.
bank account goes to Paris she is flattered by attentions
which she receives from lime. This and Mme. That.
"Madame proposes to introduce her to her own milli
ner where she can secure the very latest Frencn gowns.
Such a thoughtful kindness touches the little American
clrl who can never know that Madame gets a commis
sion from the milliner. She will get a commission on the
little American girl. too. If she can manage to marry her
to some gilded nobleman. . "*-n». „,*>,
"Sham, hypocrisy, deceit and lying are typical of French
noblemen In high society. Women of title and fashion
rent their opera boxes by the year. A night comes when
she does not care to so to the opera. Mme. Somebody
offers it to some American family, flattered to death to
be seen In the titled Frenchwoman's opera box. No. she
won't accept pay. but if the liberal Americans want to
give anything to My Lady's poor fund, why it will be ac
" When I left France I ¦was assured of a fine Income If
I would only keep a sharp watch here for rich American
heiresses intending to go to Paris, and provide the- means
for their introduction to the proper parties in Paris."
La Comtesse was educated In a Paris convent and
was introduced abroad by Mrs. Torrence. daughter of
OI1 She married when very young, her husband flying six
years ago. She will live temporarily In Philadelphia. La
Comtesse has written her life in the form of a noveL It
is said to be a startling expose of the inner secrets of
French society.
Three Insolvents.
Three petitions In insolvency wer© filed
in the United States District Court yes-
There ought to be a material swelling of the death
list in our local Chinese war.' The police have
pressed Chinese into the service as detective patrol
men, and if there is one offense that is capital in high
binder ethics it is this.
The London newspapers are already outlining the
honors that await General Kitchener after he wins.
The general knows, probably better than they, what
an awful price of victory is to be first paid in the
Transvaal bill*.
CALIFORNIA NS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— P. S.
Casey of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton. David L. Wlthington of San Diego
and A. D. Sharon, wife and daughter, of
San Francisco are at the Ebbltt House.
That showing is by no means so favorable to Great
Britain as is that of the ships already afloat It is
clear the Continental nations are making g'eat
strides. If now the Kaiser carries his point and adds
to the number of warships Germany is at present con
structing Great Britain will be no longer safe against
a possible European coalition. It is evident she must
build more ships or seek a potent ally. Under such
circumstances it is not strange her statesmen have
been prompt to promise and assure satisfaction for
all outrages committed at Delagoa Bay.
ADVERTISEJIENTS.
| Let us tell you in a few |
S words just what Scott's S
s Emulsion of Cod-liver Oil c
J with Hypophosphites will do r
2 for you. The cod-liver oil %
o "is a most valuable food, o
P nourishing and building up V
5 the whole body. ; , S
O . The flesh becomes more firm, O
9 the hollow places disappear, and P
5 the o!d healthy look comes back to §
t the face * 6
S The hypophosphites are the best 5
S and strongest of nerve tonics; so a
a you see that in Scott's Emulsion you a
5 have both a food and a tonic If you p
a are weak and thin, or if any of the o
O children are pale and delicate, try b
f SCGII'S MSIOO |
r We fee! very sure you will be greatly r
5 pleased wjth it {
V Atalldrusrsrists; joe. and |r.oo. V
P SCOTT & BOW N'i^ Chemists. New York. Q
BRITISH VIEWS OF THEMSELVES.
ONE of the effects of the Boer victories in the
war in South Africa has been that of setting
the British to studying themselves for the pur
pose of determining why they were not able to finish
the war in three months, as they expected to do. To
thct extent the disasters have been beneficial to them,
for no matter how erroneous may be the conclusions
it is always more or less profitable for a self-satisfied
people to be brought to a recognition of the fact that
there is something about them with which they
should not be satisfied. The sick and sorrowful man
who after a night of revelry attributed his sad condi
tion to the small hot bird and not to the large cold
bottle was in error, but all the same he had learned
something and would not again be so rash in revelry
for a loner time to come.
One set of Britishers attribute the whole evil to
the Ministry. They see nothing wrong with the na
tion itself. Another set argue that the nation is to
blame because it would never permit any Ministry to
maintain the army on a scale equal to what the needs
of the empire require. A third set attribute every
disaster to the officers in command. They assert that
the army is large enough and sufficiently well
equipped for war, that the people and the Ministers
have done all that could be required, and that no
body is to blame except the generals.
One of the learned advocates of the latter view
quotes from the great writers of bygone times to
show that in the past as in the present the British
officer has rarely been of any value except to lead men
to death. Thus in the days of the Stuarts John Dry
den said: "We all have to admit that the French
understand the management of war better than we
do, although of course we are fully aware we can beat
them." Napier is quoted as having said the British
"are warlike, but not military." Kinglake is cited
as frequently setting forth the incompetency of the
British staff in contrast with the valor of the British
three Continental powers exceeds that of the British,
yet in actual fighting force the British are equal to
them all. Of ships now in process of construction the
Chronicle gives these tables:
BATTLESHIPS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. J. Riordan, an attorney of Salinas, is
a guest at the Lick.
W. D. Campbell has come up from Los
Angeles and is at the Occidental.
T. W. Patterson, a wealthy land owner
of Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
Joseph Russ Jr., son of the late million
aire Joseph Russ, is in the city on a flying
visit
C. R. Scott, a popular railroad man of
Portland, Or., Is a guest at the Occi
dental.
R. Lederer, a traveler from Berlin, is a
guest at the Palace, where he arrived
yesterday.
F. G. Ostrander, one of the best known
and most influential attorneys of Merced,
Is at the Lick.
Dr. W. D. Witt, a leading physician
of Antloch, is among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Grand.
Frank Madison, the Santa Cruz attor
ney and prominent Native Sons' official, is
registered for a short stay at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. James B. Burdell and Dr.
Galen Burdell are registered at the Cali
fornia from their country home at Bur
dells.
Hon. John W. Mitchell, one of the lead
ing legal lights of Los Angeles, arrived
in the city last night and registered at
the Palace.
W. M. Slnxms, an attorney of Sacra
mento, who is one of the best known men
In the profession throughout the State, is
registered for a short stay at the Palace.
Crawford Livingston, a wealthy mem
ber of St. Paul's aristocracy, is at the
Palace accompanied by his wife and fam
ily. He has come out to the coast on
pleasure bent and to escape the rigors of
a Minnesota winter.
The following ministers who have come
to the city to be present at the annual
Episcopalian Conference are reglstprcd
at the Occidental: Rev. Daniel McKln
non, Stockton; Rev. J. A. O'Mera, Santa
Clara; Rev. B. M. Weeden. Stockton;
Rev. E. H. Benson, South San Francisco,
and Rev. O. E. Herwick, U. S. A.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent
The California Limited. Santa F« Route.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. m., Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket offlce. K3 Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping car* via Santa Fa Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the- welfare, of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Loul»
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket offlce. tZS Market street.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
COMMENTS OF INTERIOR PRESS
ON CHIEF OF POLICE SCANDAL
Tulare Register.
They are having a nice time in San Francisco over the appointment of Esola
to be Chief of Police. Among other circumstances of interest brought to light Is
the one that Dan Burns was instrumental in getting Esola on the police force In
the first Instance, and that Dan is behind him, helping to push him along. \\ itn
Burns pushing a Democrat to the front and the unspeakable Lawrence pulling
him like a tug of war, Mayor Phelan cught to be proud of his appointee.
Stockton Dally Independent.
When the charges against Esola were filed with Mayor Phelan as the official
head of San Francisco the latter took the charges direct to Andrew Lawrence of
the Examiner, and according to the testimony the charges were in the hand 3 of
Harry Morse, a private detective, in a few hours after being delivered to Pnelfn.
Was not this a singular procedure for the Mayor of a city, who had qualified,
under a non-partisan charter? Mayor Phelan is not so pronounced a partisan
from a political standpoint, but he is all the time a radical partisan from the-
Phelan standpoint. He la now engaged in carrying out Phelan s bargains with a
yellow newspaper.
Wlnnemucca Silver State.
The San Francisco flght over the selection of a Chief of Police has shattered
an Idol by showing Mayor Phelan In the light of a cheap politician. Of course.
It was not to be supposed that a blackmailing sheet like the Examiner would
do anything without the expectation of reward, but It Is a general surprise to
find a man like Phelan entering into an agreement to allow the Examiner to
name the Chief of Police as the price of Its support. Yet that appears to be ex
actly the understanding had between Phelan and the Examiner prior to the late
municipal election in San Francisco.
THE KAISER AND HIS NAVY.
WITH a promptness unusual in diplomacy Great
Britain hastened to give Germany an explana
tion of the offenses committed against Ger
man shipping in Delagoa Bay by British war ves
sels. To many Germans the promptness was doubt
less very agreeable, but to some it was not, and the
Kaiser is one of the latter class. He wishes a
large appropriation for a new navy, and he would
have had much better chances of obtaining a favor
able vote from the Reichstag if there had been less
haste on the part of the British in giving the soft
answer which is designed at least to turn away
wrath.
The bill providing for the additions to the navy
which the Kaiser desires is now before the Reichstag,
but according to reports from Berlin its passage is
still a matter of uncertainty. Of course, every ad
vantage has been taken of the events in Delagoa Bay
to rouse popular sentiment and force the opposition
in the Reichstag to vote for the measure. In the
meantime the Kaiser's speech on New Year's day
was not reassuring. His declaration that he wished
a navy commensurate with his army in order that he
might carry out his policies is calculated to alarm the
taxpayers and the peace-loving people of the empire.
An aggressive policy of conquest or colonization will
cost a great deal and Germany is not rich.
The British are watching the whole performance
with close interest. It is still their intention to main
tain a navy equal to that of France, Germany and
Russia combined. The strain, however, is becoming
intense and since the events of the South African war
have made it clear that a more efficient army will have
to be maintained hereafter, the thought of expending
more money for additional warships is not pleasing to
the British taxpayer any more than to the German.
The London Chronicle in a recent review of the
comparative naval strength of the four powers esti
mates that Great Britain has at present a conspicuous
advantage over any combination that can be made
against her. Excluding from consideration all ships
constructed prior to 1881, which are described as "a
secondary armament not affecting the relative fight
ing power," the Chronicle gives the lists for the na
tions in tabular form thus:
BATTLESHIPS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
THE IMPOLICY OF SECRECY
SOMETHING has appeared in Congress for
which the country was wholly unprepared. In
all of his public expressions, official and other
wise — if, indeed, any expression by the President on
a public policy can be anything but official — President
McKinley has prepared the country to expect Con
gressional action upon all questions affecting our
new possessions. During the recess of Congress a
vast procession of events passed, and why they were
could not be explained by the executive. His acts
were within the conceived limit of his authority. Be
yond that the whole issue was with Congress.
Now there is no possibility of Congressional action
that shall be wise and well for our own people, and for
those that we seek permanently to control, unless Con
gress has possession of the information that is solely
in the keeping of the executive. Without this it is
legislating in the dark. It may hit or miss the right
mark. It must act at random.
As soon as Congress met it became apparent that
there was no disposition on the part of the support
ers of the administration to formally ask for dis
closure of the facts upon which legislation must be
based. This was a capital error. In this Government
its servants must keep in touch with the people and
must trust them. They are governing in the name
and for the purposes of the people, and what they
know about the business belongs to the people. It
would have been in right line with republican prin
ciples and practice to have asked the administration
for a frank disclosure, at the request of its own par
tisans, of everything required to enlighten Congress
and the country. As the supporters of the administra
tion neglected this plain duty, when they should have
gladly asked for the facts, and the President should
have as gladly disclosed them, the situation was aban
doned, to be occupied by the minority, by the oppo
nents of the administration. This was a tactical mis
take of the gravest nature. No matter if amongst those
who took advantage of it is the paretic Senator for
South Dakota, poor Pettigrew. Expressing contempt
for him and calling him names will only temporarily
divert the attention of the country from the real situ
ation. So far every resolution honestly intended to
get light on the situation has been sidetracked. Even
when an obviously proper inquiry was made into the
cost of garrisoning Cuba and holding her in the
coarse grip of military authority, it was promptly ob
jected to and killed. -In this process of concealment
the administration Senators have gone to the length
of withdrawing from the chamber, to hold secret
caucus, to return and vote against letting the peo
ple know the least fact about a war and insular ad
ministration to which they are contributing their
blood and treasure. Can any one explain why Con
gress and the people should not know what we are
doing in Cuba and at what cost? What public policy
or national interest can be injured by such informa
tion? We are not at war in that quarter of the
world. There are no rebels in the field to be encour
aged by letting American taxpayers know what it is
costing them to garrison the island, and withhold
from its people the freedom and self-government we
promised should be theirs. Then why object to giv
ing them the information?' We say it is not repub
lican to object; it is not republican to refuse to con
fide in the people.
Turning to the Philippines, the situation is no bet
ter and the reason for secrecy worse. Though not
said officially, it is in the air that nothing can be even
whispered about the Philippines, because there we* arc
at war! For months an unmanly pretense has been
kept up that the administration is in possession of
facts showing correspondence between anti-imperial
ists and the public enemy. This was apparently to
deter minority inquiry. But, if true, it should have
been the highest reason for majority inquiry. Does
not every Republican see that to refuse to give out
the information which belongs to the people, because
we are at war in the Philippines, implies the conceal
ment of all facts until such war ceases, and that, as
Congress has no control over that war which it never
declared, its technical prolongation may be indefinite,
and no fact concerning it, including its cost, will ever
reach the people? Under such conditions there can
be no useful and wholesome public opinion in the
country. The Republican party must bear the bur
den of distrust of the people, and the situation is not
helped by the canting repetition that "there is noth
ing to conceal," while nothing is disclosed.
The people are not children. They can stand the
effect of any information in the keeping of the ad
ministration. The Republican party is about to enter
a campaign in which it will approach the public judg
ment with affirmative propositions involving princi
ples. It should protest against being compelled to
defend the sinister policy of refusing to let the people
know all about the new possessions which have come
to us as the saddest fact in all our history.
The Republican party is responsible for all insular
administration. Do not Republicans see that when all
inquiry is suppressed and all information refused
there is given to corruption in the islands a license
that will not lack scoundrels to take advantage of it?
For our own safety the supporters of the administra
tion should hail the searchlight and bathe ever)' fact
in its beams.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 24, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AM Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISttS.
j;i);TOK!AL J100M5....21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1574.
Delivered hy Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Terms l»y Mntl. Inolndlnc; Vontntcet
DAILY CALL llnrlodlncr Snndar). one yrnr . . »n.O<»
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), O month*. . S.OO
DAILY CALL (lnclndtnir Sunday). 3 months. . 1.50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month C%e
MMJAV CALL One Year l ..""»<»
Wi:i;ivLV CALL One Year I.VO
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be tornardrd vrhen requested
O.UiLAM) OFFICE DOS Uraadrrajr
C. GEORGE KROGKESS.
tlaaacrr Foreign Advertising. Marquette nnlld-
Ing, Chicago.
XEW YORK COniIESPOXDEXTi
C. C CAULTOIV Herald Square
NEW YORK RKPRESEVTATIVEI
PERRY U'KES9 JIl 2O Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS t
Shrrman Hoone: I*. O. .\cni Co.| Great \nrth
ern Hotel; Fremoot Houses Auditorium Hotel.
KDXV YORK NEWS STANDS i
Waldorf- A •torin Hotel j A. Brentano, 31 Onion
Square: Mnrray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
UniNCl' OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open nntll 9t30 o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open nntll O:3O o'clock. 030 McAllister, open
until Bs3o o'clock. 015 Lurkln. open until
9t30 o'clock. 1041 Mission, open until 10
o'clock. 22bl Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until :• o'clock. IOIMI Valencia, open until U
o'clock. lOti Eleventh, open nntll O o'clock.
N\V. corner T«venty-second and Kentucky,
open uutll O o'clock.
AUCTION SALES.
By Turkish Kug Co.— This day. at 11 a. m. anfl 2 p. m..
Turkish Rug's, at 143 Stockton street.
By Win. G. I-avng— Thursday. January SS, at II o'clock.
Race Horees. st Oakland Race Track.
CRUISKRS
CRUISERS
6
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
CLASS OF SHIP. g
p.
¦^ 73 a
2 c 2
g v n
Dug
3 p |
: i
i
2,000 tons and upward 19 j
;000-12.000 tons 13
Jnder SOOO tons 2
il l —
11 10 | 5
B|— j 9
, i i
Total j 34 |
.i
I 23 | 11 | 14 ~
w3 a o
a 3 c °
CLASS OF SHIP. i 8 F Pr
r 'i
- ,, — ¦ —
Armored I 9 7 6 I -
Protected—
WOO tons and upward 19 8 — _
1000-COOO tons 30 8 1 9
Under 4000 tons 64 25 2 4
___ r f
Total protected | 103 | 36 ] 3 | 13
From the tables it will be seen that Great Britain
lias an overwhelming advantage in cruisers, and it is
claimed that while the number of battleships of the
CLASS OF SHIP. g* . n ~ |
: : • vj
2,000 tons and upward (17 1 9 IT
000-12,000 tons — 3 3 7
Total 17 4 Ji f
¦
CLASS OP SHIP.
*1
n
a
c
i
n
i
Armored
— pr
T
— —
Protected— I I I I
XX) tons and upward 2 1 6
XW-6000 tons "* 2 1 — —
Jnder 4000 tons 5 2 2 4
Total protected 9 4 8 4
CLASS OF SHIP. g
p.
¦^ 73 a
2 c 2
g v n
Dug
3 p |
: i
i
2,000 tons and upward 19 j
;000-12.000 tons 13
Jnder SOOO tons 2
il l —
11 10 | 5
B|— j 9
, i i
Total j 34 |
.i
I 23 | 11 | 14 ~
w3 a o
a 3 c °
CLASS OF SHIP. i 8 F Pr
r 'i
- ,, — ¦ —
Armored I 9 7 6 I -
Protected—
WOO tons and upward 19 8 — _
1000-COOO tons 30 8 1 9
Under 4000 tons 64 25 2 4
___ r f
Total protected | 103 | 36 ] 3 | 13
From the tables it will be seen that Great Britain
lias an overwhelming advantage in cruisers, and it is
claimed that while the number of battleships of the
CLASS OF SHIP. g* . n ~ |
: : • vj
2,000 tons and upward (17 1 9 IT
000-12,000 tons — 3 3 7
Total 17 4 Ji f
¦
CLASS OP SHIP.
*1
n
a
c
i
n
i
Armored
— pr
T
— —
Protected— I I I I
XX) tons and upward 2 1 6
XW-6000 tons "* 2 1 — —
Jnder 4000 tons 5 2 2 4
Total protected 9 4 8 4Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cured by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Fris, t. ESFIO ; Hnr Tork. Z. TOCSX&t * CO,
SOU) ST Alib DnUGGUTS*
The California Standard
Oil Company and
The Slant Oil Company
After six months' work at McKlttrick are producing oil from their first
well at the rate of 150 to 200 barrels per day, and shipping a carload per
day to their consumers. 1300 acres are controlled by these companies,
and three Standard Rijrs are in operation night and day drilling other
veils. Land U. S. Patent.
Subscriptions for stock now being received at $1.00 per share.
A DIVIDEND of 7 per cent on this figure could be paid to-day
Acre it not for the fact that the income from the sale of oil is beiiiK used
for further development.
What will this stock be worth when 20 such wells are producing?
OFFICES OF THE COMPANIES-
Room 16, 2d Floor Mills Building.
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
I <£ mportant Jtnnouncement [ * * * |
5 To Consumers of Embroidery Silks. U
B M. HEMINWAY & SONS SILK CO.,' §
6 WATERTOWN. CONN.. 8
|2 MANUFACTURERS OF Q
a Permanent Oriental Dyes, g
§ JAPAN FLOSS. TURKISH FLOSS, • SPANISH FLOSS, 8
g TWISTED EMBROIDERY SILK, . ROPE SILK, »
g desire to caution purchasers against accepting from dealeis, flosses or ft
o embroidery silks sold as "h|en)inways" that have no tickets printed "M. <>
8 HemlnWay & Sons" attached to the skeins. , . ¦ S
g THE TICKETS on the skeins of M. Heminway & Sons' Art Needle- 8
fi< WOrK SilKs reach the dealers in perfect condition, securely fastened, and &
8 will not become detached in ordinary handling. , S
S MISREPRESENTATIONS have been practiced in San Francisco. Rnd 8
8 this notice is circulated that the public may be guarded against the imposition. S
8 INSIST that all skeins have attached tickets bearing firm name. &
g "M. HEMINWAY & SONS," §
8 PERMANENT ORIENTAL DYES. «
E 1}
MARKET SLSp^bftP
Hirr nnifll Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL" -il
win »¦ iiw uu-fc Overcoats and
Valises checked Irt*.
Nymphia Suit Dismissed.
Th*> action by vrhlch UHlan Dal© sought
to restrain Acting Chief Bifrpry from raid
ing and dosing th«» notorious Hotel Nym-
I'l.ia was dismissed yp-strrday on motion
r f plaintiff's counsel. It was thought that
the hr-arinjf of the matter would bo taken
up, and the motion to dismiss cam© as a
Furprise.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gDEZQRBQBOBBBBQDDDEIHOQBB
| Free Tickets!
B TO THB p|
13 b
b but tour o
H • r-l
n BAVB TOUR WRAPPERS AND 5
H GET FREB TICKETa TO THB D
H ORPHKUM. Q
B B
B The Johnson=Locke |
| Mercantile Co., g
g 204 FRONT STREET, n
5 BAN FRANCISCO, jf
M Will Exchange* for Lenox and Irory m
in Soap Wrapper* *
ti FREE TICKETS TO THH ORPHJSUM |
S UNDER THE FOLLOWTNO CON- «
ta DITION3I I
J3 If Tou Want a tSo Resej-vjxl Seat f
P Send J5 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP F
fj Or U Wrappers of IVORY SOAP n
n Or else send IS Wrappers o( LENOX b
H SOAP and 8 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP |
M If You Want a Mo Reserved Seat E
13 Send B0 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP B
ra Or 2* Wrappers of IVORT SOAP n
El Or else Bend tt Wrappers of LENOX «
H SOAP and 13 Wrappers of IVORT SOAP H
BHBHnBBHHBBBBBBaBBBBBa
Palace and
Grand Hotels
? For nearly a quarter of a centtxrr tb«
? leadlec botels on th» Pacific Coast.
? WKn added lniDrovements and con-
+ veniences they continue to be th« head-
a quarters for tourists and travelers vU-
T lilng Ban Francisco.
? JOHN C KIRKPATRICTC.
f Manager.
¦»»»»»?????» ¦?•¦?• ???•??»»??<
Fop a Monument to
ABRAHAM LINCOLN,
HON. M. M. ESTEE will Jeetur* at METRO.
POLITAN TEMPLE, en WEDNESDAY. Jan-
uary 24. on
"EXPANSION— TRUSTS— MONOPOLIES."
Tickets. 25 Cents. Reserved Seats. SO Cents
Every lady present holding a 50-cent ticket
will be presented with an artistic lithograph of
Lincoln.
JURY FAILS TO FIX
THE RESPONSIBILITY
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 23.— The body of
WiKlam Paully was recovered to-night bo
ncath the mass of earth which fell In the
Third Btrect tunnel Sunday morning. An
inquest was held to-day oi'er the remains
(it the victims of the accident, but the
lury failed to fix the responsibility for the
deaths of the three men killed In the dis
aster.
COURTENAY SUES HIS WIFE.
Says She Was cf Unsound Mind
When He Married Her.
Harold Courtenay filed suit yesterday to
annul his marriage to Isabella Sweet
Courter.ay on the ground that at the time
the ceremony making them man and wife
was performed the defendant waa of un
eouna mind.
The defendant, prior to her marriajre to
Mr. Courtenay. was Miss Isabella Sweet
Cutting, daughter of the wealthy packer
of that name. The marriage took place in
New York on December 31. IS3I, and since
that time considerable gossip has been oc
casioned by their differences.
eets In an unofficial capacity If he Is un
able to do so officially.
BOERS COMMIT A
BREACH OF NEUTRALITY
LONDON. Jan. 24.— Ma1l advices to the
Dally Mall from Lisbon, dated January 19.
says:
- "It has been officially stated to the Gov
ernment here from Lourenzo Marquez
that tho Boers have committed a breach
of neutrality by crossing Portuguese ter
ritory from Umballa to Rhodesia. A force
of artillery has been sent there from Lou
renzo Marquez and the Governor there
has demanded reinforcements from here.
"Everything is being carried out with
all possible secrecy, but I am Informed on
good authority that a portion of thotroopa
have already started for Lourenzo Mar
quez and that others will follow Imme
diately."
The correspondent In question adds: "I
am sending a cable with this letter, but
I fear it will be Buppressed."
The editor of the Daily Mall appends
this note: "The telegram was sup
pressed."
Umballa Is north of Inhambane, which
is a few miles above Cabo das Correntes
(Cape Wilberforce), and the movement
apparently Indicates that the Boers ar«
engaged In gun running and men import
ing through Rhodesia or that perhaps
they axe planning: to take Colonel Plumer
in the Canlc
INJUNCTION ON THE BERMUDA.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 23.— A special
five-day Injunction restraining: the steam
er Bermuda, which acquired some repu
tation as a filibuster during the Spanish
war, from leaving this port was granted
to-day by Judge Pennypacker in Com-
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MON. ITS NO FAIRY TALE!"
THE GREATEST SENSATION IN TEARS!!
THE ENORMOUS COMIC OPERA TRIUMPH.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERT EVENINO. EVERT EVENINO.
MATINEE SATURDAY!
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 c«nU
TELEPHONE BL'SH ».
NEWS OF THE WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Continued From First Page.
men Pleas Court. The application for the
injunction was made by George R. Gam
ble of Kingston. Jamaica, a subject of
Great Britain, who alleges that he has in
formation that the vessel is to carry ar
ticles contraband of war to South Africa
for the Boers. ' a .¦¦¦'
•
BOERS SUFFER FROM
THE LYDDITE SHELLS
BOER CAMP, Upper Tugrela River, Sun
day, Jan. 2L— After Commandant Botha
checked the British advance yesterday
morning It was expected that there would
be no further action until to-morrow. This
afternoon, however, signs were discerned
of an Intended movement In the British
northern camp.
When the heat, which was more fright
ful than any yet experienced, had worn
off the British cannon started in full force,
and the Infantry advanced In extended
order.
Generals Botha and Cronje held the
high hills over which the road to Lady
smith passed. When the Mauser tire
opened a pandemonium of sound filled the
air. Tho vindictive crash of lyddite shells,
the sharp volleys of Lee-Metfords and the
whiplike crack of Mausers were inter
spersed with tho boom of the Boer Max
ims. Tho battle ended with darkness, but
not without evidences of execution among
the British that was manifest at sunrise.
Field Cornet Ernst Emilio was killed,
nor did the generals escape unscathed. At
the central position, Swartzkop, where
the other road to Ladysmith crosses the
hills, the British advanced from low
kopjes on the banks of the Tugela unmo
lested. Then they entered the zone of
Mauser nre, and although their naval
guns kept up the usual terrible racket,
the advance was stopped, and the British
had to count out their dead and wounded
Commandant Viljoen and two burghers
were knocked senseless by an explosion
of lyddite, but Commandant Viljoen re
covered. Field Cornet Hilbron was wound
ed, and on refusing to surrender was shot
The British loss was probably insignifi
cant. Ihey complain that expansive bul
lets in Mausers were fired in the field
and soft-nosed bullets with Lee-Metfords.'
The Boers admit that sporting Mausers
were occasionally found, but they deny
tho charge respecting expansion bullets
xs.ot a shot was fired by the Boers with
cannon or rifle at the Swartzkop position
this side of the river. One thousand I In
fantry and a battery advanced into the
second row of low hills between the Re
publicans and the river. Heavy cannon
ading proceeded at a range of 2000 yards
ut hfL.Boerßh fL. BoerB maintained the silence ol
death. This must have staggered the Brit
ish, as the advance was stopped, and this
morning they retired to their old position.
SHOT SMASHED QUARTERS
OF WHITE AND HUNTER
HEAD BOER LAAGER. LADYSMITH
Monday. Jan. 22.— The quarters of Gen
erals White and Hunter were smashed
this morning by a shot from a "Long
Tom." It is not known whether any of
the occupants of the building were killed
HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITH? Saturl
day Jan. 20.-Tho sixty-ninth birthday
of General Joubert was celebrated by
General Botha making a reconnolssance
in force toward the Drakensberg Moun
tains and turning the British advance
after a short engagement. General Jou
bert accompanied President Steyn to the
Free State laagers, south of Ladysmith
The Piesldent was In high spirits He
proposes to make a tour of ail th«
laagtrs.
The Boer movement on tho British ad
vance above referred to may have had
reference to General Warren's forward
lighting, in which, according to advices
from British sources received yesterday
the Boers were on the defensive almost
the entire day Sunday, save once when
they attempted to outflank the British
left and were signally checkmated
INCIDENTS OF BATTLE
FROM BOER SOURCES
BOER CAMP, Upper Tugela River, Fri
day, Jan. 19.— The British now occupy
three positions along the Tugela River.
Their naval guns have been firing steel
pointed armor-piercing shells.
Reports being received that 2000 British
cavalry were attempting to outflank us
ulong the Drakensberg ridge, a strong pa
trol was sent to reconnoiter. Mistaking
their scouts, the patrol proceeded to a
kopje, from which a terrific rifle and
Maxim gun fire suddenly opened. The
Boers lost fourteen men killed and twenty
wounded. The British loss was probably
Insignificant.
The bombardment of the Boer positions
from Swartzkop was resumed yesterday,
chiefly from a battery brought acroßS the
Sectional Plan of the New $1,200,000 Dock Being Built at Mare Island
river. In the afternoon the cannonading
became exceedingly brisk, and under cover
thereof the infantry advanced in three
lines to a second row of kopjes which
they occupied at nightfall, but later they
retired to their old position.
During the nleht a score of shells were
fired by the British, and a balloon was
Bent up to spy out the Boer positions. The
naval guns renewed the bombardment this
morning from a new position, but without
result.
The three British positions are the old
Chleveley camp, near Colenso; the central
position at Swartzkop Drift, where they
hold both banks of the river, and a point
higher up in the direction of Zunkles.
where they have bridged the river and
established an immense commissariat On
the Bummlt of the terraces at Schwarzkop
they have placed five naval guns, and
have brought the field artillery across the
river to a small kopje on the northern
bank, whence they keep up an Incessant
and terriflo cannonade of the Boer
trenches. Since the beginning of the week
communication with the different posi
tions has been kept up under the ordeal
of this cannonade, the casualties resulting
from this being heavier than those occur
ring at Colenso. One of the shells from
the naval puns killed a father and son.
Free Staters, who were chatting at the
time. Strangely, neither had any visible
wounds.
BOER PATROL'S PREDICAMENT.
PRETORIA, Sunday, Jan. 2L— A dis
patch from Colesberg, Cape Colony, says
the British attacked the Boer positions
there at 10 o'clock this morning. There
was heavy fighting, but with what re
sult is not known. According to the
latest accounts the Boers were holding
their positions.
A dispatch from Colenso of Thursday,
January IS, says a patrol of 200 men,
under Field Cornet Opporman. while
scouting was surrounded, but succeeded
In fighting its way back. It is reported
that four men were killed and that thirty
were wounded and made prisoners.
FIGHTING IN BECHUANALAND.
GABERONES, Bechuanaland, Jan. 17,
via Lourenzo Marquez, Jan. 23.— A recon
noltering force this morning found the
Boers on the Baute Hill, which the Brit
ish, supported by an armored train, oc
cupied. .
Later to-day tho cyclist scouts recon
noitered tho Boer main laager ten miles
south of Fort Oeberones. They describe
it as large and strongly intrenched. The
Boers continuo tho destruction of the
railroad near Crlsdel Pools.
SITUATION IN MAFEKING.
MAFEKTNO, Jan. 10. via Beira, Jan.
18.— Since the artillery attack of January
3 the Boers have not fired so many shells
at this place. Natives report that tho
Boer chief gunner Is wounded and that
five men were killed and their breast
works were damaged during the recent
engagements. Commandant Erasmus and
his friends are reported to have departed,
and the Boer forces in tho vicinity are ap
parently fewer in number. Their esti
mated strength is 2000 men.
MAINE STAFF RECEIVED
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 23— The American
ladles resident here held a reception at
the Mount Nelson Hotel to-day. Lady
Churchill and the entire staff of the
American hospital Bhlp Maine, Colonel
Stowe, the United States Consul and other
prominent Americans were present.
AS SEEN AT LADYSMITH
LONDON. Jan. 24.— The Dally Chronicle
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (VTEDNESDAT). Jan. U.
Parquet. 25c. any «^at; Balcony. 10o; Child-
ren. 10c. any part.
BEST SHOW IN TDAR&
PAPINTA, the Mirror Dancer.
JAMES 0. BARROWS,
Assisted by JOHN A. LANCASTER A CO..
la "TACTICS." "Best Legitimate Com-
edy Ever on ths Orpheum Stage."
EDNA BASSETT MARSHALL A CO. In "Su»-
shlne and Sorrow." a Musical Novelty.
JOSEPH NEWMAN, the Sinking Son* Wrlt«r.
and a Host of Others. All Bl» Hlta.
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE
OF CHAPLAIN'S WIFE
LTRS. SL A. SWEET TiLIED TO
HANG HERSELF.
She Was Adjudged Insane by the
Lunacy Commissioners and Is
Kow at Afmerrs.
Mrs. M. A. Swift, wife cf Chaplain Hen
ry Swift cf the Thirteenth Regiment, now
in Manila, was adjudged Insane yester
day by the Insanity Commissioners, ani
In the afternoon was sent to the asylum
at Agnews.
Mrs. Swift attempted to commit eulclde
la her coll about 9 o'clock yesterday morn
iv.g. While she was in the female ward
Ir. the hospital 6 he told Matron Kane that
if she was not allowed her usual eupply
of morphine— fifteen jrrair.s a day — she
wruld end her life. Ehe was allowed a
h.iif-jrrain every two hours, which did not
ra!!sfy her.
When Mrs. Swift was removed to the
Ir.pane ward Monday Mr*. Kane told Ma
troa Wells to be careful, as the- patient
had threatened to commit suicide. Mrs.
Wells spoke to Mrs. Swift about it. aiid
the promised not to do away with herself.
A policeman was detailed to watch her.
At^jut 9 o'clock yesterday morning Mrs.
Wc'.'.s heard a noise like that produced
by th* tearing of linen. She asked the
policeman to look into Mrs. Swift's ceil.
Hi r<-pnrtp<l that Mrs. Swift was in bed.
Mrs. Wells satisfied herself that nothing
w:i« wrong, but a few minutes later
Flipped back to th* cell and saw Mrs.
Swift tying the ends cf the sheet of her
bed. which she had torn in half, to the
tnp hinpe of the window in her cell. Mrs.
Wrll<> ran for the key. and when she
corned the door Mrs. Swift was in bed.
Mrs. Wells made her get up, and discov
ered that the torn eheet was tied tightly
around her neck, the ends being concealed
under the nightdress. A careful watch
was kept on Mrs. Swift after that till
'he was placed In the Sheriff's van on
i.rr way to Afrnews.
The case apalnst Mrs. Swift for obtain
ing goods and money by false pretenses
from Mangrum & Otter, hardware mer
chants, was called in Judge Cabanlss'
court yesterday and continued for a week,
n«« it was not known at the time what dis
position the Insanity Commissioners had
made of her case.
SENATE CONSIDERS
THE SAMOAN TREATY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The Senate in
executive session to-day discussed the 6a
moan treaty on the basis of the motion
of Senator Jones of Arkansas to reconsid
er the vote by which the treaty was rati
fied. Speeches were made in support of
the motion to reconsider by Jones, Pettl
grew, Allen and Money, and in opposition
by Davis and Foraker. At the conclu
sion of the debate a vote was ordered, but
a roll call disclosed the absence of a
quorum. Tho call, so far as it went,
snowed 11 for and 22 against.
Jones said that when the ratification of
the treaty took place it was the under
standing that there was to be no attempt
on the part of the Government of the
United States to establish a civil govern
ment on the island of Tutulla. The very
next day after the vote of ratification the
newspapers had published a very positive
statement in exact opposition to this un
derstanding. Apparently this statement
was authorized. It was to inquire Into
this and other matters that he had asked
for reconsideration.
Davis, sneaking in behalf of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, said he know
of no change in the situation, and he still
contended that the authority exercised in
the island by the United States singly
would not under the new arrangement
differ materially from the Joint protecto
rate under the tripartite agreement be
tween the United States, Great Britain
and Germany.
Pettlgrew called attention to the reports
of disaffection and dissatisfaction on the
part of Chief Mataafa toward the new
arrangement. Davis said he had no of
ficial information concerning Mataafa's
attitude, that he had heard nothing about
it beyond what he had seen in the news
papers, and that if the President had any
Information on the subject he had not
communicated it to him.
LA FAYETTE, NOT DEWEY.
Street in New York Will Not Be
Changed by the Board of
Aldermen.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The proposal to
change the name of Elm street and La
Fayette place to Dewey avenue having
aroused a storm of protest from those
who believed La Fayette's name should
not be superseded by Dewey's, the Board
of Aldermen have decided to name the
thoroughfare La Fayette avenue.
Editor of Harvard's Monthly la an In
dian.
house will be a 20-ton traveling crane.
The smokestack will be 150 feet high. The
pumping plant will consist of three cen
trifugal pumps and six tubular boilers,
and will have a capacity for pumping 125,
000 gallons per minute. The steel caisson
to close the entrance to the dock will be
like a large ship in size, being 105 feet 8
Inches long and 22 feet wide, with depth
from the bottom keel to the under side of
upper deck of 35 feet 9 inches.
HOW THE LARGEST STONE DRYDOCK
ON THE COAST WILL BE CONSTRUCTED
THE illustration shows how the new
masonry and concrete drydock to
be constructed at Mare Island will
look when It is in use. It will be
iho largest of the kind upon the coast,
and it will bo capable of taking in the
largest battleship with ease. The dimen-
Elons rrill be as follows: Length on cop
ing from head to outer end of table. 772
feet 6 inches; length on coping from head
to outer prate Bill, 750 feet; length on floor
from head to outer gate, 719 feet; width
on coping in body, 141 feet 6 Inches; least
width on floor of body, SO feet; width at
entrance at mean high water level, 101
feet; depth from coping to floor in body,
TS feet 3 inches; depth over sill at mean
high water. 20 feet. That Is, there will bo
30 feet of water at the entrance and S
more inside. The length of the dock will
be about two city blocks. The cost will be
about Jl .200.000. The. work must be done in
three years from date. The pump house,
boiler house and other buildings connected
with the dock will be constructed to stand
centuries, being of brick and stone, with
Ftcel girders for the roofs, and with floors
practically indestructible. In the pump
MISCELLANEOUS.
STATEMENT
The Finest Furniture and
Carpets at Half Price.
PATTOSIEN'S PROGRAMME.
In beta-ecu seasons Pattosien's have
nlxravs made it a rule to give away
edds and ends, no matter what the
loss.
Tremendous Carpet Bargains —
Pattosien's grand selections of Par-
lor Suits and Chamber Suits, Dining-
Itoora and Library Sets, Hall Hacks
and Chiffoniers, not to speak of Fancy
Writing Desks, Couches and. Lounges,
Chairs. Rockers, Carpets, Rugs and
Curtains, are all reduced 1-3.
Stoves and Ranges at this time
have their ovm. attractions; they are
positively being sold out for less than
cost; some of them slightly damaged
in shipment go at your own price.
Davenport Sofa Beds — Pattosien's
emphasize the fact that they are the
only store which has authority to man-
ufacture these sofas. They are more
roomy and comfortable than Folding
3ed.3 and represent a stylish Daven-
port in daytime.
50 Solid Oak Larg« Chamber Suits
reduced from 545 to 539, this week
only, at both stores, Sixteenth and
Mission 6tre«ts, and Theater Build-
ing, San Jose.
WABNER'S REMEDIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
publishes the following hellogrraphio mes
sage from Ladysmith, dated January 22,
by way of Swart Kop, January 23: "Yes
terday we could see British shells burst
ing close to the Boer camp on the plateau
this side of Potgleter's Drift, but; the
camp still remains in position there to
day. We heard very heavy firing all this
morning. The bombardment here is slack,
but the Boer big gun on Mount Bulwana
is still firing."
KEEP BOEBS POSTED.
LONDON. Jan. 24.— A correspondent of
the Dally Chronicle at Sterkstroom, tele
graphing Monday, says: "Many Dutch
colonists, although ostensibly loyal, real
ly sympathize with the Boers and keep
them posted regarding all British move
ments. They discharge rockets and make
other probable signals to the enemy. A
general rising, however, is no longer
feared.
BOMBARDING KIMBERLEY.
KIMBERLEY. Jan.' 2L — Tho Boers
continue an active and heavy bombard
ment of this place.
1 IS CAINFD b y an excess of uric |
I io wauocu acid in the blood> i
I which excess should be, and is. eliminated if
I when the kidneys are in good working |
I order. Rheumatism can never be cured j
§ by outward applications ; no case of rheu- H
a matism was ever known where the kidneys |
| were well. Warner's Safe Cure will cure fj
| sick kidneys thus enabling them to do y
H their work of- purifying' the blood, and fj
| with pure blood rheumatism is impossible.. |j
II Rev. I. Villaks, pastor M. E. Church, t]
a Saadwicb, 111., sayB, " 1 owe it to others to fj
*j say that for a year I suffered the most excru- rj
B dating pain from rheumatism. I touched M
g a point where my friends were very rauch H
j alarmed. Seeing the serious nature of the
j case I yielded to the solicitude of my wife
3 and began taking Warner's Safe Cure. •
A With the tirst three bottles the acute pain
I gave place to a milder form of the disease.
I I continued until I took nine boule.s and
I regard myself as cared. My relief is be-
I yond expression."
I Under date of Nov. 6, 1899, the pastor I
¦] writes: "After a delay of months, to be *
• sure that a cure of my rheumatism had
n been effected, I desire to say that I am well
| and am persuaded that Warner's Safe Core
H did it. I believe the medicine will do all s
|j that is claimed for it if the patient will M
f] follow the instructions si yen." 1
OLYMFIA <?o DD R D . r *,no»
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
BIGGEST AND BEST BILL EVER OFFERED
Great European Importation.
MLLE. THELMA,
In Poses Plastlque.
HARRY DE LAIN,
The Male Anna Held.
WILL H HILL,
King of the High Wire.
ZOTARRA. CAD WILSON and a Host of
First-class Artists.
A SIO.OCO Belt and Chatelaine belonging to
Cad Wilson can be seen In th*» show windows
of the Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4I-S4B Market st.
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
MATINEE EVERT SVNDAT.
For To-day and To-morrow!
SPECIAL SALE
OF
FINE FUR and SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS.
FINE QUALITT MINK CAPES. 14, 15
and 18 Inch lonjr, from $3O up
FITCH CAPES, from $23 to $5O
FIRST QUALITT SEALSKIN CAPES. 15
and 20 Inch long $05 to 1J95
ALASKA BEST LONDON DTED SEAL-
SKIN JACKETS, 23 long $145
RIVER MINK CAPES $12 to 91S
ELECTRIC SEAL ASTRACHAN COM-
BINATION CAPES JJ7.50 to $2O
FUR NECK SCARFS OF EVERT DE-
SCRIPTION AT A SACRIFICE.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable C, 1Hl .inHc
Manufacturing rUITierS,
121 Post Street, Room 3 7 to 11.
Every Evening, Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYiN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
And a Company of Thirty-seven Peopla.
— TO-NIGHT —
Also Thursday and Friday Ntghta.
' Trie W NTER'd TALE."
Saturday Matinee "HAMLET"
Saturday Night "MACBETH"
Sunday Night "OTHELLO"
NEXT WEEK— Final Performances James-
Kldder-Hanford Company.
Monday and Friday "THE RIVALS"
Wednesday Nlpht and Saturday Matlne*
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL"
Special Matinee Wednesday
"A WINTER'S TALE"
THEY THEIR
HOLD SIDES
FOR LAUGHTER.
2000 PEOPLE COMPELLED TO LAUGH DJ«
CESSANTLT.
Th« Very Funniest of All Funny French Com-
"IN PARADISE"
So Finely Acted by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Next Sunday Night— Another Rattling French
Comedy,
"THE CUCKOO.**
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGHT.
SATURDAT NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE.
THE EVER POPULAR
CONEY
ISLAND.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening, 15c, 25c, 35c. COc and TSo. Matinee. 15c.
25c, 350 and EOo.
Next Sunday Afternoon a New and Original
Farce Comedy.
HIS BETTER HALF.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
"BEGONE. DULL CARE."
THIS VERT NIGHT.
Strauss' Delightful Comic Opera,
THE QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF!
The Prettiest, Wittiest, Jolllest, Funniest and
Most Enjoyable Entertainment In the City.
Next \A/»e>k— BOCCMCCIO.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GOOD RESERVED SEAT IN ORCHESTRA,
SATURDAT MATINEE. 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE— EMPORIUM.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO -NIGHT"^^ 1 ™
David Belasco and Henry C de Mule's Beau-
tiful Character Play,
LORD CHUMLEY !
Which Made So Pronounced a Success at the
Lyceum Theater, New Tork.
PRICE 9 13c. 230. 33c, 800
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats by Phon« Main 254.
SHERMAN, CLAY^& CO. HALL.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
Second Recital of the Illustrious Soprano,
Mile. Antoinette TREBELLI.
AN ENTIRELT NEW PROGRAMME.
"II Est Doux, II Est Bon"' (Herodlade) (Maa-
scnet). reclt and aria; 'Thou Only. Dear One"
(Dvcrak); "My Song Shall Be Thine" iGreig);
"Solvelg's Lied" (Grelg): "Caro Nome" (Rigo-
letto) (Verdi); "I Attempt From Love's Sick-
ness to Fly" (H. Purcell, 17th century); "Chas-
eons de Nos Plalstrs" (J. P. Rameau, 1751);
"Qual Farfalletta Amante" (D. Scarlatti. ISB3-
1757); "Tarantelle" (G. Blret): "Blondlnl Bella"
(Oounod); "Ho Messo Nuove Corde" (Gounod);
"Chanson de la Promise" (L. Claplsson).
Accompanist, MR. ROBERT CLARENCE
NEWELL.
Final Recital Saturday Afternoon Next. Prices
$1 50 and $1 00. Seats on sale at Sherman &
Clay's Music Store.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE. 813 FOLSOiI ST.
RACING! RAOJSG! RACINGI
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or mere races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. in., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. I/aat two cars en train reserved for la-
dies and their escorts; no smokinir. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu<»
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol* con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oaklaad. These electrlo cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R B. MILROY. Secretary.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAIU T AND WASUIMOTON STS.— RE.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD i
CO. European plan, llooma, fiOo to $i 53 day
[3 to JS week; $8 to $20 month. Fre* baths; ho'
ir.d cold water every room; Or* grates in ever]
room; elevator runs all night.
CHUTES AND^OO.L7^S£ 0 "
THE GREAT
SHARKEY-JEFFRIES FIGHT PICTURES.
In Conjunction With a
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
To- Morrow (Thursday).... ASIA TEITR NIOHT
CONSTANTINOPLE MINSTRELS.
Phon« for Seats, P4.UK a.
7___WINTER_RESORT : ___
SPECIAL~RCUSDIijPTIckETS TO
PASO ROBLES"S?p HUR
*^ DplVp aZ
Mo«t noted Mineral Sprins» | a Un'ted'stitel.
? . Strictly Reliable. §
! m \ Dr. Talcott & Co. !
? r^b iitfiSF l^» I Practice Confined to o
! %L-sm Men Only, f
? ]*^£$^'&ißr Varicocele cured In one we.eK 2
° A *~^i£y^&\ ct °ff' cc> or four weeds' home o
£ ylV^»*^wvvV. treatroent. Stricture cured by ?
? V 7 INL\ '-/¥lk\^ painless electricity. Discharges °
o / /V\S?^&sysJl\ \vN*w cur « d by the irrigation rrjethod. ©
o I V l^^^rll V-*J >AM forms of weakness a spe- 4
o \\ \ Wo\ I I // Correspondence Invited. %
« \". iy f\ y i // ~~~ O
?• W.I 'I // 997 Market Street, Corner Sixth. °
" O
gS» CHICHESTCR'S ENGLISH
pEHNVROYAL PILLS
•V^/^VOvSAFE. A!»«T.r»M».la. Ladle, aat Dnnln
Jl^ S;bSBS un "' ribboß - Taken* other. Ktftum
171 *?» VVB I>Biceroa* Hob«tlt«iU«n» Bad I rait*.
If, fa *••¦•• Euj of joor Druggist, n w«4 4c i a
I «J» ' Jf »umpa (br ParttcaUra, TeatlnaalaJs
\*V f? «o<l "Relief for Ladle*," tn U<:«r, br r*.
-VV/ »uno Mail. 1 ft.OOO TeattmoaUl.. SoUJbr
Keatton ttl» p.per. MaJt*«a B«Mre, PUItHIr VjZ
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Fe-w Facts on the Same Subject,
We hear much nowadays about healta
foods and hygienic living, about Vegetari-
anism and many other fada alone tha
same line.
Restaurants may be found In tha large?
cities where no meat, pastry or coffee la
served and the food crank Is In his glory,
and arguments and theories galore- ad-
vanced to prove that meat was never in-
tended for human stomachs, and almost
make us believe that our sturdy ancestors
who lived four score years in robust
health on roast beef, pork and mutton
must have been grossly ignorant of tha
laws of health.
Our forefathers had other things to do
than formulate theories about tha food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind from bacon to acorns.
A healthy appetite and common sensa
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the most nutriment In a
highly concentrated form and Is digested
and assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables and grains.
Dr. Julius Remmson on this subject says:
"Nervous persons, people run down In
health and of low vitality should eat meat
and plenty of lt. If the digestion Is too
feeble at first lt may be easily corrected
by the regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal. Two of these ex-
cellent tablets taken after dinner will di-
gest several thousand grains of meat, eggs
or other animal food In three hours, and
no matter how weak the stomach may be,
no trouble will be experienced if a regu-
lar practice is made of using Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets because they supply tha
pepsin and diastase necessary to perfect
digestion, and every form of Indigestion
will be overcome by their use.
That large class of people who com*
under the head of nervous dyspeptics-
should eat plenty of meat and Insure its
proper digestion by the dally use of a safe,
harmless digestive medicine like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets composed of the nat-
ural digestive principles, pepsin, diastase,
fruit acids and salts, which actually per-
form the work of digestion- Cheap ca-
thartic medicines masquerafilns under
the name of dyspepsia cures are useless
for Indigestion as they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia In all Its many forms Is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest food
and tho sensible way to solve tho rlddla
and cure tho dyspepsia Is to raaka dally
use at meal time of a preparation like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which Is in-
dorsed by the medical profession and
known to contain active digestlva princi-
ples.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia.
Tablets at 50c for full treatment.
A little booklet on cause and cure ot
stomach trouble mailed tree by address*
ingr F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich.
Sheriff Presents Some
of His Testimony.
JURY SECURED TO
TRY DR. GILES
® r^^S^^ * senc * k y ma^ in-pk" 1 sealed envelope my little book, g
1 J^^l^V v^BS^^^ "Three Classes of Men," or you may call at my office for same. S
% r?(? contains the truths I have learned from 30 years' experience S
1 as a s P ec * a^ st * n tlie treatment of all weaknesses of men, 8
P >^Bfe>v trmnS \r^r<*<t yo^ng and old, which result from youthful errors or later ex- S
1 /ifsjt\ %^%o^ cesses " lt tells of my famous DR< SANDEN ELECTRIC |
1'( I T=^(fW**'rif BELT, the world's remedy for such. You put the Belt com- j§
% [K^^^J vS^ f~ fortably around your waist at night. It cures while you sleep. &
& N^^v^lp^ /i^fvll / No drugs to wreck the stomach, but simply nature's own re- <2
X' '• _^ storer. . Eight thousand testimonials in 1899. Worn by %
§ women as well for Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervousness, %
§ etc. Write to-day for above book, and let me go " over your jg
8 case an( j a( i v i se with you free of charge, or I shall be pleased to g
p have you drop in at my office for consultation. I make no charge for such, and am always g
jo? ready to show my wonderful Electric Belt. Do not be deceived by those who have Belts »
U which they claim are the same as or as good as the Sanden. Write or call to-day. Office hours §
I 9to 6; Sundays 10 to 1. P
I nR T A SANDEN 0 O'FARRELL' STREET, §
g. LJl\. !• Jr\* OniNUI-<nj SAJV FRANCISCO, CAL. 8
g U9\i SOUTH SPRINO STREET. LOS ANOELES, CAL, RUSSEL BUILDING. PORTLAND. OR. g
j£=J^ FAVORITE
X FOR WEAK WOMEN.
rffj SEES i*2Sk STOPPED FREB
H g fL* Permanently Cured bt
iH S DR - KLINE'S GREAT
I £ %$ NERVE RESTORER
ti J"> Kit< »f:»r r;rit dirt oi».
S C«i«JMfi-n. r«r»ea»l or h» mai i ; nratiw *¦«
Si TRIAI, BOTTLE FREE
tg « 1* parent! who p»r etpr»uac» •»> on d»liT«ry.
Pemantrit <"wr», not ool7 temporary rrliaf, lav » 1 s»r-
rant JH*»r<*«r.. Epilrp«-r. Snarnns, V. t !•.»«- D»n.-«.
D.ol!itT.Kxli»o.tion. OR. B. lI.KLI.IE.U.
931 Arch Street. Philadelphia, rmaded vkL
/YAy GciraawsJ y r »w^i. or any lnfl»i,mf!
K*l mEvmCHEKrcung branea. Non-Mtrlngeafi!
\^BiC!Haw«ATI.O.RIS l J StoJd iy J»rtSinrtaU,
C- "- 4 ' j£2t hi l?nt ia pUla
£vis]T DR. JORDAN'S cheat 6
OF ANATOMY?
A (Tfe 1051 iusn; sr. ux. g-h?x ii. :& A
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Mu.ieusi in tho \
T OB&&S} d :«M»e p»»HI»«-l7 earsd^y the oldcU »
9 fwJ«l &peci»i;McniheCo*»fc Eitj6y;arv 9
$ ,)23e?J OR- JOiBAM-PRIYATs DISEASES 0
Tfl \f Tft B tv.tn* Ctart in eyety case undertaken. W
UT I llW> w ritefor Book. rniLOSUPmYtti
T II II BtnaUGE, muleo vku. i at
2k fl U- valuable book (or mm) \
" T>U JOUDA.V A CO. 1051 Market St. 8. F W
TWO BARNS BURNED
BY AN INCENDIARY
Jesse D. Carr of Salinas Is the Suf
ferer, and He Offers a Large
Re-ward.
SALINAS. Jan. 23— As a result of an In
cendiary fire two barns belonging to Jesse
D. Carr were burned this morning. Two
hundred tons of hay and seventy tons of
Ftraw were consumed. The loss is esti
mated at over $40tK). Many barns of
«_'arr have been burned the past several
years. Oarr is on<> of the wealthiest men
In the county. He offers a large reward
for the arrest of the culprit. The circum
stances of this morning's conflagration
fir*> similar lo those of several years ago.
when many houses, barns, etc., were
l>urn*»d by an incendiary. At that time
rieorge Sulsser. who murdered Sheriff
Farley, was suspected of being Implicated.
The present circumstance recalls the past
lires and is causing talk of others who
may be guilty both of the past and pres
ent arsons. A thorough Investigation is
being made.
LANDED ON CATALINA
Being Ejected, J. W. Kemp Brings
a Suit for Damaees.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 23.— The suit of
J. W. Kemp ngainFt the Banning Broth
ers for SSOjOOO damages on account of be
ing forcibly rorr.oved from Catalina Island
one day last summer was begun befor.- a
Jury in Judpe Fitzgerald's court here this
morning. The Hannings. who own the
Island, contend that no one can land e-
cept from their pteamers. Kemp went
nver in a private yacht to test the matter.
Deputy sheriffs in the employ of the
Bannlngs removed him. Kemp Is an at
torney, and the ?uit is a test case to de
cide the question of whether passengers
can land on tho island from boats other
than those run by the Bannings.
Acquires a Fortune.
STOCKTON. Jan. 23— Fred W. Damke,
who was recently published by the Stock
ton Savings and Loan Society In an ad
vertisement as being one of several who
had money on deposit at the society's
bar.k but whose whereabouts for ten
years were unknown to the officials,
Called at th«> bank to-day and proved his
richt to 111.272 12 In the bank to his credit.
The Public Administrator had taken legal
s=t«>ps to secure control of the money.
Damke has b*»en residing at Sacramento
for several years.
. ?—
Extradition Granted.
WASHINGTON, Jnn. 23.— The State De
partment has issued a warrant for the
Furrrnder to the Mexican authorities of
Isaaro Loya. who is held under arrest In
V.I Paso on a charge of murder commit
tc<3 in Chihuahua.
GHOST FRIGHTENS A
BOY IN MARIN JAIL
Famous Spook Makes His Reappear
ance to Startle the Inmates of
the Prison.
Pr^rlal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAI-AEL, Jan. 23.— The ghost
which has so often heretofore stricken
terror Into the hearts of inmates of the
Marin County Jail has again made its
appearance and selected Antone Jason,
the H-year-old boy who Is serving sixty
days for criminal assault, as its present
victim.
Jailer Atchlpy was startled at mid
night by screams of terror coming from
the cell occupied by Jason. Atchley at
once rushed to the cell and found the
boy cowering in the corner, shivering as
If "he had received some severe nervous
shock. The only answer which Atchley
could elicit from the boy In answer to his
queries as to what had frightened him
was. "The dead Chinaman! The dead
Chinaman!"
Sheriff Taylor questioned the boy this
morning and was convinced of his sin
cerity, though doubting the existence of
the "spook." Jason will to-night occupy
another cell, as the authorities fear se
rious results if he remains In his present
one.
RUNAWAY BOYS WHO
WOULD FIGHT ENGLAND
Four Little Lads Leave Their Homes
Intending to Go to South Africa
to Help the Boers.
Sr^clal msi>ateh to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.— Four boys— Charlie
Moore, Tom Bullard, Robert Holman and
Richard Howard— ran away from home
here yesterday, with the avowed intention
of making their way to South Africa and
taking up arms for the Boors. When the
boys failed to appear at their respective
homes the parents of the runaways noti
fied the police. This morning the young
lighters were lailed at Oakland. They
range In age from 12 to 16 years. Their
parents have s* nt for them and the
chances are that they will get a severe
dose of home rule.
NAMED BY THE PRESIDENT.
Army and Navy Nominations Sent to
the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Navy— Lieutenant commanders to be
commanders— William W. Kimball, Wil
liam P. Day. J. C. Wilson.
Lieutenants to be lieutenant command
ers—William S. Hogg. Robert I. Read.
Passed Assistant burgeon llatton N. T.
Harris to be a surgeon.
Marine corps— Lieutenant Colonel Henry
C. Cochrane to be colonel. Major Allen C.
Kelton to be lieutenant colonel. Captain
Lincoln Karmany to be a major.
To be eecond lieutenants in the marine
corps — S. A. W. Patterson of Pennsylva
nia and Herbert J. Hirshlnger of North
Carolina.
War— Second lieutenants to be first lieu
tenants— Charlfs B. Drake, Fifth Cavalry;
Charles McK. Salzman, First Cavalry.
Weather Prophet Passes Away.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— Henry A. Ha
zrn, one of the chief forecasters of the
Weather Bureau, died here to-night as
the result of injuries received last night
by a bicycle collision with a negro pedes
trian. His skull was bidly fractured, and
he continued unconscious up to the time
ot his fionth.
TRAINING CHIP ADAMS
OUT FOR A DRILL
One of the CTew While Seeking to
Desert by Swimming Ashore
Is Drowned.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 23.-Tho United
States training ship Adam?, which arrived
here last night from San Francisco, de
parted at 9:30 a, m. for a drifting cruise
outside and to drill her crew for two
weeks. She left behind a seaman serious
ly ill at the Marine Hospital and one of
the crew, a landsman named B. I*. Wil
liams, was drowned in the bay this morn-
Ing at 5 o'clock while attempting to desert
the ship by swimming ashore. No one
saw him leave the ship, but his cries for
help caused a steam launch of the Phila
delphia to staxt for hia rescue, but she
had not quite reached him when' he went
down like a rock and the body has not
been recovered. He Joined the Adams
from the Independence a month ago.
The flagship Philadelphia is under or
ders to go to Mare Island and arrive on
February 3. It is believed that she la to
fit out there for a trip to Samoa.
INSTALLATION AND BANQUET.
Notable Gathering of Prominent Odd
Odd Fellows at Pacific Grove.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 23.— On© of the
most notable affairs that has ever taken
place In fraternal circles hereabouts was
the Installation and banquet held by the
local lodge of Odd Fellows. The ceremo
nies took place In I. O. O. F. Hall, and the
installation of the new officers was per
formed by District Deputy Grand Master
J. W. Stirling of Salinas, assisted by
Grand Treasurer J. H. McDougall, Grand
Warden J. B. Bennett, Grand Marshal B.
G. Tognazzl, Sentinel A. Hawkins of Sa
linas and Grand Secretary David Upton
of Pacific Grove. After the Installation the
members of the local lodge entertalnc*
their fraternal visitors at an elaborate
banquet.
The new officers installed are: Daniel
J. Leary, N. G. ; A. A. Manuel, treasurer;
E. B. Rich, secretary: R. L. James, con
ductor; Dr. P. G. Dennlnger. warden;
George Quentel, O. G.: J. A. Pell, I. G.;
Rev. H. S. Snodgrass. chaplain; H. T.
Chase. R. S. N. G.; A. Lees, L. S. N. G.
GENERAL SQUIRES DEAD.
Commanded Famous Battery of New
Orleans During the Civil
War.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 23.— Brigadier General
Charles W. Squires died suddenly at his
home hero to-day. He was 60 years of
age and leaves a widow, three sons and a
daughter.
General Squires commanded the famous
Washington Battery of New Orleans dur
ing the civil war.
On Trial for Bribe-Taking.
OMAHA. Neb., Jan. 23.— Frank M. Sears
and George H. Hess, members of the
Board of Education, had their prelimi
nary hearing to-day on the charge of re
ceiving bribes In connection with the let
ting of contracts for school work and
were held for trial under $1000 bonds each.
INTEREST THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Metcalf Introduces a Bill to Pension
Mrs. Nichols, Widow of the Mon
terey's Late Commander.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— 0n motion of
Representative Kahn the Supreme Court
to-day advanced the case of John Fitz
patrick, convicted of murder In the first
degree In Alaska, to February 26. Orig
inally it would not be reached on the
court calendar for two years.
Representative Metcalf to-day Intro
duced the following bills: To pension at
the rate of $100 per month Mrs. Juliet C.
Nichols, widow of Captain Henry Nich
ols, who died while in command of the
Monterey at Manila: increasing pensions
of William H. Dickson. P. M. Hahn,
James C. Boland and John Rabe to $C 4;
Wesley Sawyer and C. C. Lay to $50; and
pensioning L. S. Parrott, Henry Eastman,
Margaret C. Hart and Emory Burk, all of
California.
Representative De Vrles Introduced a
bill increasing the pension of Mrs. Agnes
Capron to $75 per month.
A postofflce was to-day established at
Mendota. Fresno County. F. L. Brown
was to-day appointed Postmaster at Fern.
Shasta County, vice C. E. Brown, re
signed.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— William I* Baumgartner.
Watsonvllle, brace or bit stock attach
ment; Mark Blaskower, San Francisco,
cigar box; Cary S. Cox and T. E. Lang
ley, Fresno, raisin seeder; Alvle Heitzel
mann, San Francisco, earth thawing ap
paratus; Herbert G. Locke, Ukiah. ma
chine for running crosscut saw: A. C. Mc-
Candless. Los Angeles, box; Peter Ney
ens, Dunsmulr, machine for producing
heat and smoke in orchards; George D.
Worswick. San Jose, adjustable load gate.
Oregon— George T. Simpson, Baker City,
Ironing board; E. Rousse, Weston, fan
ning mill; Fred Hampton, Canby, prune
r Washlngton— E. R. Chllds and G. W.
Cantrell. Spokane, latticed or leaded
glass- A. M. Gilchrist, South Bend, log
ging jack; Stephen M. Harris, Cheney,
wagon running gear; Joseph Herfert,
Tucker, earth auger; B. J. Methvln. Ta
coma, apparatus for hydraulic dredging.
Thomas F. McGrath of San Francisco
has been promoted a clerk in tho Treas
ury Department from $720 to $340 per an
num.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as fallows:
California: Original— Joseph H. Hilton.
San Francisco. $6; George C. Russell. San
Jose. $6; Curtis P. Moon. Colusa. $10: Da
tus E. Myers, Moreno, $6. Increased—
Llewellyn A. Mahoney, San Jose. $6 to
$S: Frederick A. Foin, Fresno, $6 to $S.
Original widows, etc.— Minors of Thomas
H White. San Bernardino. $16.
Oregon: Original— George W. Desart.
Sllverton, $6. Reissue and supplemental-
Frederick A. Nourse, Salem, $6.
Wealthy Grocer Dies.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— Clements Yocco, a
wealthy pioneer grocer of San Jose, died
to-day at his ranch near Los Gatos, aged
73 years. He was an Odd Fellow of forty
years' standing. He leaves a widow but
no children.. ? ,"
SUES AN ESTATE FOR
A LARGE LEGACY
Miss Amanda Austin Asserts That
575,000 Held in Trust for Her
Was Never Paid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 23.— Miss Amanda
Austin this afternoon brought suit against
G. H. Wilcoxson and a score of others, as
heirs of the late Jefferson Wilcoxson, for
the recovery of $75,000, which she alleges
to be duo her. Jefferson Wilcoxson died
in this city a couple of years ago, after
deeding away $750,000 to various relatives.
His favorite niece was Miss Amanda Aus
tin, and he often said that he intended to
leave her $150,000, but he died without
naming her in his will. She brought suit
against the estate for this sum, and tho
contest, which ended two months ago, re
sulted in a Judgment in her favor for $20,
000.
During the trial It was developed that
Jackson Wilcoxson before his death gave
Ills brother, Jefferson Wilcoxson $75,000 in
trust for Amanda. This money. Miss Aus
tin claims, was not delivered by Jefferson
Wilcoxson to her, and she now sues the
estate for it. The suit promises to be a
bitter one.
Jackson Wilcoxson was an aged and
¦wealthy brother of Jefferson "Wilcoxson,
and, like the latter, esteemed Miss Austin
very highly. Prior to his death, It is
claimed he often expressed a desire to re
member her. and'lt is asserted that he gave
Jefferson, his brother, the $75,000 to be de
livered to Amanda at such time as Jeffer
son should elect. Jefferson, it Is claimed
during the trial, desired to leave the sum
with the legacy which he intended should
be given Amanda Austin at his death.
BECAUSE OF SMALLPOX
SCHOOLS REMAIN CLOSED
Eight Thousand Pupils Excluded Be
cause They Had Not Been Sub
jected to Vaccination-
SALT LAKE, Jan. 23.— A few cases of
smallpox developed In this city some time
ago. and the schools being closed for va
cation it was decided not to open again
until to-day. There has been a great dif
ference of opinion on the subject of vac
cination, and the Board of Education de
cided that no children would be admitted
unless they had been vaccinated, the re
sult being" that about 8000 children wove
excluded from the schools. The question
of compulsory vaccination will probably
be carried into the courts.
Escaped Prisoner Caught.
SAN BERNARDINO. Jan. 23.— A- B.
Campbell, who broke Jail in Los Angeles
a few days ago, ws-h this morning recap
tured In this city by Constable More and
Policeman Jack Ketring while he was eat
ing breakfast in a restaurant. Campbell
is under sentence for ten years in State a
prison. He admitted to the officers here
that he Is the man wanted.
Passing of a Pioneer.
NEVADA CITY, Jan. 23.— Augustine
Isoard. who came to Nevada City in the
spring of ISSO and has ever since been
prominently Identified with gravel min
ing and mercantile interests of this coun
ty, died to-day. He was a native of
France and 72 years of age.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SWINDLER MILLER
LOCATED IN CANADA
Indicted in New York for Embezzle
ment in Order to Obtain His
Extradition.
NEW YORK, Jan. £3.— William F. Mil
ler, who conducted the 52 per cent Frank
lin syndicate in Brooklyn, has been locat
ed In Canada and Is under surveillance.
This information was given out by the
Brooklyn authorities to-night. The police
decline to say in what city or town Miller
Is stopping. Miller was indicted on No
vember 2.'» for conspiracy In obtaining
money through fraud and misrepresenta
tion. This offense is not extraditable and
to-day a new Indictment was found
against Miller for embezzlement.
•
SALE OF WATER BONDS.
San Luis Obispo Disposes of an Issue
Valued at $116,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 23.— The C!ty
Trustees at the last meeting sold the
sewer and water bonds of the city for
$110,000 at par with accrued Interest. The
sale was made to E. D. Shepard & Co. of
New York through the local agent, D. D.
Barnard, cashier of the Commercial ,3ank
here. The bid was accompanied, by a cer
tified check for $32,130 37. Three payments
are stipulated upon the delivery of the
bonds, the last payment to be made about
February 6. 1900.
There have been three elections for
sewer and water bonds of this city. The
last election and present sale appear
valid.
City Trustee Smith Shaw at the snme
meeting created a sensation by his motion
to declare vacant the office of City At
torney S. M. Swinnerton. who was
formerly a resident of San Francisco. Mr.
Shaw failed to carry his point.
ESTABLISH HEADQUARTERS.
California Fruit Growers' Association
Opens Offices in San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— The California
Fruit Growers' Association, which was
recently organized here, to-day opened
headquarters at 8 North First street. The
place will be fitted to carry on the busi
ness of the association, with private of
fices for President Bond and the executive
committee. As soon as the articles of In
corporation are filed two other members
of the executive committee and a secre
tary will be elected. Every mall brings
new members to the association. Nearly
every prune grower In the Santa Clara
valley has signed. The prospects are
bright for the association having acquired
over .0 per cent of the acreage of prunes
by April 1.
TRACK-LAYING GOING ON.
New Kailroad to the Colorado Grand
Canyon Progressing.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.-The new rail
road to the Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado will be completed for forty-seven
miles out of Williams, Arizona, by March
The Santa Fe traffic officials In this city
have been advised that thirty-five miles
of the new line are already completed and
trains with material for construction and
carrying one passenger coach daily are
running. . "
The primary object of the enterprise la
to tap certain copper mines of remarkable
richness which are partially developed
A New York capitalist is behind the en
terprise, which before long, it is expected
will probably be formally turned over to
be a part of the Santa Fe system.
. « ¦
Chautauqua Elects Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 23.— At tho last
meeting of the Pacific Grove Young Peo
ple's Chautauqua Association the follow
ing persons were elected officers of the as
sociation for the ensuing Chautauquan
year: President Miss Marian Rouse
vice president, Herbert Parkhurst; cor
responding secretary. Miss Mary Hoed
recording secretary. Miss Edith Dalnrer
fleld; treasurer. Miss Bessie Lewis; libra
rian. Miss Bessie Rouse.
An executive committee, composed of
the following, was also elected: Miss Ju
lia Herndon. Mrs. E. B. Lewis. Mrs. M F
Glass, Miss Stella Moyes. Miss Jewell'
Miss Bertha Filben. Miss Nettle Murray'
Miss Kate Coffin. Miss Clara Gordon and'
Miss Bessie Rouse.
The association Is an auxiliary to the
Pacific Grove Museum Association.
To Test a Game Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— John Moloney. a
market man, was aTrested to-day for sell
ing quail, which is prohibited by a county
ordinance. The warrant was eworn to by
J. M Watts, but the prosecution Is really
by the Santa Clara County Gamo and
Fish Protective Association. This case
will be watched with Interest by local
•sportsmen, as it will test the legality ot
the ordinance. A short time ago the mar
ket men organized to fight the sportsmen
and the case will be stubbornly contested
Moloney will be tried before Justice Wal
lace on January 29.
Curly Bears Hold a Meeting.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, Jan. 23.— The Native
Sons of Nevada and Placer counties who
belong to the side degree known as the
Curly Bears met hero to-night in large
numbers as the guests of Cave No. 1 and
i held reunion festivities.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
JACKSON, Cal., Jan. 23.— A Jury to try
Dr. Giles for the murder of Mrs. Jennie
Darling at Butter Creek has been se
cured and ia composed of the following:
A. Frederick, A. Grainger, L. H. Jordan.
J. Holtz, W. A. Courtright, T. Llthgow,
H. C. Toop, T. K. Norman, Ezra Taylor,
George L. Thomas, W. E. Emslla and
Frank Tromp.
Under the rule of the court these men
are now under the charge of the Sheriff
and will be in his custody until the case
clo , s , C3 . a . n< L the y are discharged.
faheriff Gregory was the first witness
sworn, and after relating the arrest of
Dr. Giles he introduced certain instru
lr nts lS taken by him from defendant's
office. These instruments were admitted
in evidence and will be heard from later
when the physicians who held the post
mortem testify. The second witness was
Andrew Darling, husband of the de
ceased. While he charges Giles with
having caused the death of Mrs. Darling,
he admits that immediately after the
funeral he went to Folsom, as he says,
to see his children; that he did not re
turn until arrested and was brought back
by Sheriff Gregory, when he himself was
charged with killing his wife. The wit
ness also admitted that he did not notify
the Coroner to hold an inquest. He re-
Iterated the assertion that Giles took the
soiled clothes from deceased and asked
him to destroy them, promising to pay
the funeral expenses if the matter was
kept out of the courts, but he denied the
charge made on the streets that he
offered to take $150 to hush the matter
up. As a whole Darling's testimony did
not make a favorable Impression.
Mrs. Emma Perkins gave damaging
testimony. She is a near neighbor of the
Darlings and saw the deceased at her
home the day before her death, when she
was apparently in perfect health. Next
day Mrs. Perkins saw Mrs. Darling in
bed. Dr. Giles was present and said the
patient had neuralgia. In this she
was corroborated by Mrs. Jennie Baw
den, Myrtle Richmond and others. The
last named was there when the doctor
arrived and asked how Mrs. Darling was.
On being told she was dead he exclaimed
"Is that possible." After feeling her
pulse he tore off the clothing, but wit
ness did not think defendant excited.
W. L. Rose related a conversation he
had with the defendant on November 16
relating to the death of Mrs. Darling, in
which he says the doctor admitted using
belladonna and an Instrument.
Adjournment was taken until 10 o'clock
to-morrow, when the doctors who held
the post mortem will probably be put
on the stand. There has been some
comment on the fact that T. K. Norman
is one of the jurors while his brother.
Dr. Norman, will probably be an impor
tant witness, but in the examination of
Jurors there seemed to be no legal
ground for excusing him and neither
side exercised a peremptory challenge.
DETAILS OF THE
KLONDIKE FIRE
Further Reports on the
Dawson Losses.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 23.— Advices
from the north received to-day substanti
ate the report of a big lire at Dawson. It
occurred on January 11 and destroyed
buildings and merchandise to the value of
$400,000. The news comes by telegraph
from Dawson to Skaguay. The lire is
supposed to have originated from a de
fective flue. The flames burned about 400
feet along the principal street, laying in
ashes many of the costliest and most sub
stantial structures in the Klondike me
tropolis. The tire extended along First
street, from Sam Bonineld's saloon and
gambling house to Thomas Chisholm's
saloon, wiping out these two well known
landmarks and all intermediate buildings.
These included many saloons, restaurants,
opera-house, grocery and general stores
and branch of the Canadian Bank of Com
merce. There was no loss of life, but
very little of the contents of the buildings
were saved. A.I of the burned buildings
faced the Klondike River. : On the oppo
site side of the street and nearer the
wal»r front are located the big ware
houses of the transportation companies.
They escai>ed.
Judge Davis, a Montana man, sustained
the loss of the best log block in Dawson.
Its original cost was $50,000. There were,
however, frame structures erected at an
even greater cost. Nothing approaching
a reliable estimate as to the individual
losses can be obtained. Three of the most
handsomely furnished and heavily stocked
saloons in" the city were burned. The
opt ra-hfiuse property is said to have been
worth $?r>.'.«iO. as Klondike prices go. It
was a comparatively new building, erected
upon the ruins of the old opera-house,
which was burned about eighteen months
ago.
BEDDIXG, Jan. 23.— A terrible story has reached this city concerning
the discovery of the, body of Henry Ward in his cabin on Browns Creek, in
the wilds of Trinity ' County. The story, as received, is replete with ghastly
details concerning the feeding of house pets upon the flesh of their dead mas
ter, with whose body they were closed In the cabin. Ward lived miles away
from his nearest neighbors. His cat and dog always slept In the cabin with
him, and the supposition is that Ward died a natural death alone and unat
tended. Being unable to get out, the cat and dog satisfied their hunger upon
the flesh of the man. Walter Coombs first saw the grewsome sight.
There was no doubt of the identity of the grewsome feasters. Two horses
were found in the barn suffering from hunger and thirst. They had broken
the mangers in their efforts to get haj-, and had kicked out portions of the
eide of the barn endeavoring to get out.
FIREMEN BAFFLED
BY BLAZING OIL
Standard Oil Company
Loses by Fire.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.— The one-story
brick warehouse of the Standard Oil Com
pany, located on East "Water street, was
totally destroyed by fire this afternoon,
entailing a loss estimated at $20,000. The
fire started In the basement under the
store-room, where a large amount of oil
in cases was kept. The entire fire depart
ment of the city was called out and their
efforts were directed toward saving the
oil tanks, where 1.500,000 gallons of oil was
stored. Every few minutes a case of oil
would explode and sheets of flame leaped
hundreds of feet in the air. For a time
a high wind prevailed, which spread the
burning oil over several acres and It
was with great difficulty that the firemen
saved other warehouses In the vicinity.
The fire burned fiercely all day and it
was late to-night before the lake of oil
had burned out.
Several engines ¦will be kept throwing
water on the ruins all night to prevent
the lire from spreading 1 . Had the flames
reached the huge tanks of oil, the loss
would have been much heavier. There
was no insurance on any of the property.
LocKed in a Cabin aod Starviog
to Death Pet Dog and Cat
Attach a Corpse.
FILIPINO LEADER
ISSUES AN APPEAL
Address to the American
People.
Fprc'al Cable to The Call and New York Her
at" Copyrighted. 19C0. by Jam*' Uordoa
Ucnnett.
MANILA. Jan. 23.-This letter, ad
dressed to in* Ca:i and Herald corre
spondent in the Philippines, has been re
ceived from Senor Mnbini. the strongest
counselor of Affulnaldo and his congress
in Philippine affairs:
Or.tlemen: Convinced that you will treat the
I'liltpi'ir.e qurslion with impartiality, and with
the cbiect that the public opinion of a free and
< IvlUzed nation be not misled. I take the llt>
.«rty to ask you to make yourselves an echo
at the folU'Wiug opinions throughout the Air.er-
l'Mitrpir.e people do not eustain any «7»
11-rr.atic hatre* «KaSn?t foreigner*, on the iua
trary they receive with r-K-asure and Ifiati
i::de 'tho.=e" who really wish to co-operate lor
t!i*ir ;:berti"s and proppertty.^
The rVipirsoji continue to fight against tne
Americans, not because cf hatred, bat to
demonstrate th3t. far from looking with In
tffterence en the political situation, they know
how to sacrifice themselves fur a government
which assures Individual liberties and Is ad
rrlnlEtered In conformity with the necessities
c.nd desires of Its people.
The present Ftate of war coes not perm.t
people to clve frank expression to a manifesta
tion of their aspirations. For this reason lha
riirir.o* wlFh ardently that the Congress of
the United fc-tates shall hear them before de
eding upon their future.
To this end the Filipinos a*k Conpren* either
to nominate a civil commission which may
rut Itself into contact with the PlllDlnos. who
hay« influence in pacific villages, as well as
among the people under arms, or permit a
commission of filch Fillrinos to en to America
In order to express th*> desire of the DeoDle.
I hope confidently that when Americans bti<l
F'liplnoe know earh other better not only will
the present conflict cease, but other future
ones will b* forestalled.
The conscientious opinion of th« masses In
America appears to follow on their tradition*.
ar.fi these constitute for the present the only
guarantee for the hopes of all honorable i 111-
I'lnos.
ADDING TO THE ROLL
OF DEAD AND WOUNDED
WAPTTTNGTON. Jnn. 23.— General Otis
has cabled the War Department the fol
lowing list of casualties:
K!!le<s in action. Vipan. laizoti. December ?-
Thirty-third Infantry, Company A. Arthui
tVricbt: Company H. Sergeant Lawrence L
(?nen~er Berpeant Frederick J. Bell, Corporal
Alfred Wacfif: Company l\ Dave I'uckett:
• ¦oropany E. James ls*nnett. William Hraden
«'omj>any 1^ Norman M. Fry. Perseant. Neai
Nicholas. XovraVr 19— Third Cavalry,
« «.n:psny A. Irving H. l'almer. Noar Lemei 1,
I,uzon. January lt>— Forty-fifth Infantry, Com
jiary F. Frank Car.
tt'OUßded In action. Vifran. December 4-
Thirty-ihlrd Infantry. Company I*. Muslclar
Jamf-s Montpc-mery; Company E. Fre.J L<oye:i
Crmpany K. William 11. Uostwick: Company M,
John Tatterscn. Tangadan Mountain, lVcem-
Vrf> r 4— Third Cavalry. Company I>, Hubert
Mugpy; Company K. Frank J. Kaiser. Neni
J'.inan. January T— Fourteenth Infantry. Wil
liam C Gelgor. flrM lieutenant. Near I^emert,
January IS— Forty-sixth Infantry. Company 11,
William IJose: January 1«J — Company M. Albert
N'lsun; Cor.:Lar.y H. John Nulen. Near Santa
Tomas. November IS— Third Cavalry. Charles
Gray.
ARCHBISHOP NOZALEDA
HOOTED BY FILIPINOS
MANILA. Jan. ZL— Archbishop Chapelle.
Papal Delegate to the Philippine Island.*,
pave a reception to the Catholic clergy
and laymen for the purpose of conciliat
ins- the opposing factions. Many promi
nent Filipinos attended with a view of
making a demonstration against the
friars. They hooted Archbishop Nozaleda
and every friar who appeared, crying:
"Fucra Nozaleda and fuera Friales."
On Jhe other hand. General Otis, who
attended with his staff, was cheered.
ilfiT. <_'hapclle made a Fpe?eh. asking for
toleration an«l patience and promising a
Mjtislactory settlement of the questions in
dispute. He rebuked the newspapers for
meddling with matter! which he said they
did nut understand.
ANIMALS EAT BODY
OF THEIR MASTER
WANTS THE STATUS OF
THE SULTAN EXPLAINED
Pettigrew Asks for Information Con
cerning Uncle Sam's Polygamous
Vassal in the Sulus.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Again to-day
the Senate's session was devoted entirely
to speechmaklng. Turner of Washington
concluded his address upon the Philip
pine question. He was followed by Ross
of Vermont with a thoughtful and care
fully prepared speech, in which he also
discussed the Philippine question In con
nection with resolutions which he had
offered. His presentation of the question
was given thoughtful attention by his col
leagues. McEnery of Louisiana delivered
the concluding speech of the session on
the race question In the South. He took
strong grounds In support of the constitu
tion of Louisiana and of the proposed
amendment of the North Carolina consti
tution, which It Is alleged will disfran
chise a largo class of voters.
Kyle of South Dakota offered and se
cured the adoption of a resolution direct
ing the Commissioner of Labor to investi
gate the effect upon labor, production and
wages of the International copyright act
and report to the Senate.
Pettigrow of South Dakota offered a
resolution calling upon the President to
send to the Senate the report of General
J. jC. Bates relating to the treaty with the
Sultan of Sulu. The resolution asked the
salaries to be paid the Sultan and his
officials, from what fund they were to be
paid, what services the officials performed
and whether these officers were under the
civil service. Objection was made and
the resolution went over.
Caffery then presented three resolutions
calling upon the President for correspond
ence with Great Britain concerning the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, the correspond
ence with the Colombian Government as
to the Panama canal and the correspond
ence with the new Panama Canal Com
pany of France. The resolutions were
adopted.
The resolution offered yesterday by Al
len of Nebraska calling upon the Secre
tary of the Treasury for correspondence
and the substance of all verbal communi
cations which he has had with officials of
the National City Bank of New York con
cerning the transfer of tho old custom
house to tho National City Bank was
adopted.
Turner of Washington concluded his
speech on the Philippine question begun
yesterday and then Ross of Vermont ad
dressed the Senate on the Philippine ques
tion. The text of his argument was a
resolution presented by him several days
ago declaring that the provisions of the
constitution do not, unaided by act of
Congress, extend over Porto Rico and the
Philippines; that the United States take
sovereignty over Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines unrestrained by the provisions of
the constitution and that the successful
discharge of this duty demands the estab
lishment of a separate department of the
Government to take charge of all outlying
dependencies of the United States and
the passage of a law making appoint
ments therein non-political. •
Ross's speech was essentially a legal
and constitutional discussion of the sev
eral questions raised. It was his first
speech of importance since he entered the
Senate and was listened to with great
Interest by the members.
After some routine business McEnery
addressed the Senate. While McEnery
was speaking he was interrupted by But
ler of North Carolina, who inquired
whether McEnery, when the amendment
to the Louisiana constitution, similar to
that now pending in Xorth Carolina, was
under consideration did not pronounce it
unconstitutional.
McEnery replied that he had pro
nounced it unconstitutional, but inas
much as it was adopted he had said that
he would support it In the Senate. He felt
it his duty to his constituents to do so
and he would always be found supporting
the laws and constitution of both his
State and his country. Referring to the
Viliplno insurrection in this connection
he said:
I don't etop to Inquire now whether my coun
try in the Philippines la right or not; I don't
Inquire who Bred the fir?t shot which precipi
tated hostilities. It Is enouph for me to know
that my Government has been assailed, and I
will urhold Its hands until its enemies are
broujjht into subjection.
Butler then read copies of letters writ
ten by McEnery in which he declared the
amendment to the Louisiana constitution
was "grossly unconstitutional"' and that
it was so regarded by the ablest consti
tutional lawyers in the Senate.
¦\Vhon McEnery had concluded Tlllman
of South Carolina called up a bill to re
vive and amend an act to provide for the
collection of abandoned property and the
prevention of frauds in insurrectionary
districts within the United States. Till
man asked Davis to make an explanation
of the measure. Davis said the claims
were not only just but it was the bounden
duty of Congress to provide for their pay
ment. In answer to an Inquiry from Hale
Davis replied that the claims covered cap
tured and abandoned cotton. Hale said:
"Why. that will amount to 5?0,000.000 or
J100.000.000."
To this Davis dissented, saying that un
der court decisions the claims for cap
tured and abandoned cotton would aggre
gate about $9,000,000. This money is in the
treasury and had been held by the United
States for twenty years for those to whom
the courts had adjudged it to belong.
Davis said that the payment of the claims
was as clear an act of justice as ever
was presented.
"The bill is not," said he, "a sluiceway
for the payment of all the claims which
have been referred to by Hale."
The bill was objected to and It went
over.
The Senate then, at 4:43 p. m.. went Into
executive session and at 5:30 adjourned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
WOMEN'S COLLEGE
TO BE STARTED
Plans for Institution at
Pasadena.
Special Dlsratch to The CalL.
PASADENA. Jan. 23.-After many year*
of planning and enthusing Principal C.
C. Bragden of La Salle Seminary, who
each winter brings hi 3 family to this city
from the East, has placed on a firm basin
his scheme for the establishment m tn.a
city of a first-class college for women.
A meeting of those Interested was held
yesterday and it was decided to petition
the Secretary of State lor a charter for
the kir.d of college proposed. Hie com
mittee chosen to do this consists of A. ±w
Metcalfe. attorney: Miss Anna Orton.
principal of the Classical School for Girls,
and City Trustee Thomas C. Hoag.
The college is to be called "Pasadena
College for Women" and will be entirely
undenominational and non-sectarian. Tne
control will be vested In a board of fifteen
trustees, three of whom shall be changed
each year. A gift of seventy-five acre^
of land to be deeded when the college has
bn endowment of $300.000. has already been
made and the promoters are very hoperul
of success. They think that the neces
sary funds will be forthcoming. Princi
pal Bragden, who is now here, says:
"My hope is that this college will offer
a plan of training for women which shall
b # - unique in all the world and shall edu
cate women as women and not as men.
In the full light of the new demands ot
the new day education for women should
bring into prominence the humanities and
should in all respects consider first tha
value for the sex in all branches and
methods of culture."
83. Make a working drawing for a flat
brick arch as shown In the above draw
ing. Indicate the measurements.
CECILE HARDY.
CECILE HARDY, a sister of Rose Adler, or Rose "Relda." who is now
singing at the Opera Comique in Paris, has returned to San Francisco,
her native city, after an extended absence abroad. She was formerly
well known here as Cecilia Adler Keesing, and her magnificent soprano
voice was often heard at charity events and social functions.
After deciding to devote herself to music she went to the Royal Con
servatory of Music at Munich, where she graduated after studying under Her
mann Levi. the renowned Wagnerian conductor. Her first operatic appear
ance was in "Parsifal" at a great music festival at Bayreuth, when she ap
peared with such distinguished artists as Theresa Molten. Mme. Materna and
Herren Vogel, Hermann and Reichmann. She was also one of the soprano
singers of the Frankfort opera. Shortly afterward she was married and de
cided to leave the stage.
At a promenade concert in Queen's Hall. London, however, she was heard
by Henry Savage, the managing director of the Castle Square Opera Com
pany, and at his solicitation she consented to come to New York last sum
mer, where she sang during the grand opera season at the American The
ater. She made her debut as Eva in "Die Meistersinger," and afterward sang
Venus In "Tannhauser." Elsa In "Lohengrin," Annette in "Die Freiechutz'
and Michela in "Carmen."
She will be heard next Monday e,vening at Sherman & Clay Hall, when
she will be the vocalist at a chamber concert given the Henry Holmes
Quartet.
HOP SING TONG
WILL NOT HAVE
PEACE RESTORED
Spilling of Blood Is
Again in Order.
?
SLAVE'S ARRESTCAUSES HITCH
?
TONGS WILL NOT FUBNISH IN
FORMATION TO POLICE.
Highbinders on Whose Heads Prices
Have Been Placed Are Again
Seeking Places of Se
clusion.
Negotiations for peace have been called
ofT in Chinatown. The Hop Sing Tong
has positively refused to consent to any
amicable settlement until the assassina
tion of a number of their members has
been compromised in blood, and all ef
forts of the police, Chinese Consul Gen
eral, Merchants" Association and Six
Companies to arrange things otherwise
have been for naught.
According to leading tong men a
strange hitch came in proceedings of
peace yesterday. A merchant named
Wong Yong, who was delegated to con
vey the contract, already signed by the
Suey Sing Tong, to Wong Shi Shu for
his approval, had reached his destina
tion and was making arrangements for
a meeting with the president of the Hop
Sing Tong. Monday night, it is claimed,
a woman with whom he has been living
was arrested as a slave girl and turned
over to the custody of the United States
Marshal. When the news of the transac
tion reached Wong long yesterday he
became so enraged that he cast his com
mission aside and refused to take any
more action in the affair. The peace
makers had relied much upon the influ
ence of the merchant to accomplish the
restoration of peace, and when he for
sook his task they gave up all hope.
The signing of the compact which Act
ing Chief Biggy desired the highbinders
to make, calling for perpetual peace has
also been classed with the impossible.
The tongs refuse to give up the names
and addresses of their leaders and claim
that they will defy law and order as often
as they find the occasion and opportunity.
Chinese who have been identified with
the highbinder organizations and who
have learned during the lull in hostilities
that prices had been placed on their
heads were active last night. They ap
parently realized the hopelessness of the
situation and thousands of handbills were
scattered broadcast by them declaring
that they have ceased to exist as members
of the warring tongs and have no connec
tion with them whatever.
Trouble may again break out at any
time, but it is not expected immediately.
Police restrictions are at present so rigid
that the highbinders fear to ply their
trades and no more murders may be com
mitted until after the new year, which
begins on the 29th day of the presont
month. - ; .
Acting Chief Biggy has declared that if
some compromise is not made soon he
will enforce more stringent measures than
he has invoked up to the present time.
During the New Year festivities he
threatened to refuse to allow Chinamen to
congregate on the streets.
Wong Shi Shu. the Hop Sing Tong pres
ident, departed from Marysville yesterday
for St. Helena and the police will attempt
to catch him at that place.
Ing Dong, a Chinese suspected of being
a leading member of the Hop Sing Tong
society of highbinders, was arrested last
night by the Chinese squad and incarcer
ated In the "tanks" at the City Prison.
Dr. Gardner, the United States Chinese
Interpreter, was sent for and had a long
talk with the suspect, who claims to be
a Jackson»street merchant. He refused
to discuss the highbinder proposition and
will be held pending an investigation.
men and the killing by the soldiers of
Old Hilse, one of the weavers.
Herr Most will be Old Baumert, the
leader of the weavers; Mrs. Grottka of
the German stock company- will take the
part of Mother Baumert; other parts will
be Barker, a weaver. Max Lehmann;
Pfeiffer, a olerk, R. Reiger; Heiber, a
weaver, A. Baar; the cashier, T. Auben
rauth; a peddler. Max Kruse; Mr. Dreis
singer, the boss, Mr. Roland of the Ger
man company; Wittfg. a blacksmith. R.
Fisher of the Gorman company; Mrs.
Dreisslger. Miss Mueller; Old HUse,
Hermann Wenzel.
In addition to these there are numer
ous weavers, soldiers and other people
sufficient to call for the services of over
fifty enthusiasts in the cause of social
ism and the amateur stage. They have
been rehearsing for some weeks and ex
pect to make a great success of the play
Herr Most has been heard of before in
"The Weaver." He produced the play in
the East and made quite a hit as Old
Baumert, so his friends say.
Lecture Course of 1900.
The first lecture of the Young Men's In
stitute course of 1900 will be delivered by
Rev. Peter C. Yorke in Metropolitan Hall
Monday evening, January 29. The subject
of the lecture is "Catholicism — The
Church of Ages." Tickets for this lecture
can be had only upon application at the
rooms of the Young Men's Institute, 24
Fourth street. The course will Include
five lectures, as has already been an
nounced.
JOSEPH E. GILLIGAN'. alias Harry
Howard, Is a recent Importation
from Colorado and apparently a
very und«»sirable one. He ha.d been
here only a few months when he se
cured a position as waiter In the
Park Hotel, Twenty-fourth and Mission
Ftreets. and one afternoon went through
ten of the rooms, stealing a considerable
quantity of wearing- apparel, jewelry and
anything eipe that was handy. He car
ried the articles to a. lodging house at
Eighth and Jes-sle streets, where they
w*»r«* found by Detectives Fitzg^raJ-1 and
<!ra!iam. He was arrested on April 30
last and got six months in the County
Jail.
Rwvntly Gillipan. alias Howard, got a
position as cook In the Capital restaurant,
206 McAllister j=tr*-<n. but was discharged.
About a w»ek at;o he broke into the res
taurant and stole several articles. Early
v*>sterday morning he paiif another visit
ti th<» r^i-Taurant. He was walking along
««rant avrnuc ¦with two bundles under his
inns and at Geary street passed Police
men Hurd and Snowball. This was short
ly before 6 oVinc-k. Hurd became sus
p;rlous and stopped him. The bundles
vere opened and they contained two
boxes of cigars, a bundle of laundry, a
I'otTle of W-er. a case, of deviled ham and
nn oyster opener. GllHgan's answers to
Hurds questions were not satisfactory,
but to back up his assertions he asked
Hurd to accompany him to his landlady
at s* l ? Jones street. When they got there
the landlady said that Gilligan and a man
named Campbell had occupied a room.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS : MONEY AFFAIRS
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
4. Make a working drawing for a Goth
ic brick arch. Note that two radii are
taken, one at A and one at B. Indicate
the measurements.
9. Make a copy of the above drawing
of a pulley.
Xote— This lesson concludes the "Desk
and Shop Studies for Boys." An exam
ination will be set on Wednesday. Janu
ary 31. as a basis for the granting of cor
tincates.
Excelsior to Entertain.
To-morrow, niffht Excelsior Lodge No.
12fi. Ancient Order of United Workmen
will have an invitational entertainment
and dance in Excelsior Hall, on Mission
street, for the pleasure of its members
and friends. There will be a fine pro
gramme of vocal and Instrumental music.
Young Ladies' Institute.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Young Ladies' Institute
No. 7 by District Deputy Mrs. Sweeney
for the current term: Kate Buckley, past
president: Josle Shea, first vice president;
Mary Daly, second vice president; Kittle
Burke, recording secretary; Cella Young,
financial secretary; Hannah Fitzpatrlck.
treasurer; Kate Daly, marshal. Trustees
N'onk- Mnhoney, Mrs. Lewis, Mary Mo
i,an, Mrs. J. Fogarty. Maggie Mogan.
SOCIALISTS AS ACTORS.
Will Appear in "The Weaver" With
Herr Most Sunday Night.
The socialists of the city, assisted by
Herr Most and some of the members of
the German stock company, will shortly
venture the production of Gerard Haupt
mann's socialistic play, "The Weaver."
The production has two objects in view:
the propagation In a new way of the so
cialist's creed and a matter of benefit for
Herr Most, who just now is in San Fran
cisco and In need of money.
The play deals with an upheaval of the
weavers of Silesia, a province of Ger
many, and it is based on an actual oc
currence of the year 1844. The weavers
strike for more money, they destroy the
house and property of the tyrannical em
ployer and his cashier and then the mili
tary Is called in to suppress the riot. The
play ends with the defeat of the work-
Washington's Birthday.
At a meeting of the Garfleld League
held last evening J. Meneses, W. C. Wat
eon and R. H. Carr were appointed a
committee to arrange for a public celebra
tion of Washington's Birthday. The an
nual election of the league has been de
cided on for April 3. Fifteen new mem
bers w*re elected. at the meeting. Secre
tary W. C. Watson reported a creditable
financial balance to the account of the
league.
POSTUM CEREAL.
SHE QUTMMFFEE
And Got Well With the Help of
Postum Food Coffee.
"I r.m a school girl and want to tell
you what Postum Food Coffee has
done for me and several of my rela-
tives.
"The old-fashioned coffee always
made me heavy and dull and gave me
heartburn, with dyspepsia. When we
tried Postum, Food Coffee, it did not
taste good, but I begged for another
trial, when the directions were fol-
lowed, and we found it delicious. Since
that time we. have used it regularly,
and I never have any trouble with the
heavy feeling or dyspepsia.
"Dr. Lowrie prescribed Postum for
my uncle. Mr. . property man of
the Boston Theater, and it worked a
marvf-luus change in him. He quit
th«» common coffee, and has been using
Postum Food Coffee ever since. He
looks better than he ever did before.
His family also use it. Uncle Js very
strong in his praise of Postum for the
good It has done him. Please do not
use my signature, but you ran use the
statement." ¦ , Worcester, Mass.
The name ran b* furnished by the
Postum Cereal Co., at Battle Creek,
Jlich. .;;-.,
7. Make a worktag drawing for tha
joining of two beams as shown in the Il
lustration. This method is sometimes em
ployed when the timber is under a cross
stress. The lower fibers, being In ten
sion, are connected with a wrought-iroa
plate.
8. Make a working drawing for a book
case.
Cloakmakers Still Out.
The cloakmakers and their employers
ha\'e not adjusted their differences as yet.
The union hands held a conference meet
ing last night. Both sides were repre
sented, and It was said that the union
hands were showing signs of weakening
This was denied by the union hands as
was the allegation that they wished to
disrupt the the union. The committee
which was appointsd to wait on the
stores where cloaks are sold reported the
proprietors were In full sympathy with
the union hands. The sum of $248 was
donated to the strike fund at the meeting
last night.
2. Make a working drawing for a brick
arch over a window. Follow the outline
as shown above.
6 This drawing shows squared rubble
brought up to level beds with hammer
dressed quoins and chisel-draughted mar*
gins. Make a copy of it.
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
IV EASY MECHANICAL DBAW- j
ING.
Lesson No. 4.
The student will now proceed to use
ruling pen, ruler and compass In making
the drawings described in the following
exercises:
1 Make a working drawing for a-parti
tion 9 feet high and 18 feet long with one
arched, doorway and one door. Give ex
act measurements in every Instance.
Nr»tp — In Indicating measurements the
common method is to place arrows at the
extreme points and a dotted line between.
The above drawing would Indicate that
the distance from A to B Is to be 9 feet.
TAPS SOUNDED FOR
GENERAL STANTON
"The Fighting Paymaster," Formerly
of the United States Army,
Passes to His Long Best.
OMAHA. Jan. 23.— Brigadier General T.
H. Stanton, former paymaster general of
the United States army, died here to-day
of a complication of liver and stomach
troubles. He was aged 65 years. General
Stanton was a native of Indiana. He ran
away from school to serve under John
Brown and General Lane during the Kan
sas troubles, and served with distinction
during the civil .war and during a num
ber of Indian campaigns. He was pay
master of the Department of the Plate,
with headquarters at Omaha, in 1879. and
again In IS9O and 1891, when he paid the
troops participating In the Woundoil
Knee fight. In 1K95 he was made pay
master general, with headquarters at
Washington, where he remained until he
retired, last December. He leaves a wido-.v
and three daughters. He gained the titl»»
of "The Fighting Paymaster" owing to
his Insistency in Tbeing transferred to the
line wherever It was possible during a
war. . v-
MAP OF THE HEAVENS.
Thirty Million Stars in Their Proper
Places.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 23. — Maurice Loewey,
manager of the Paris Observatory, has
announced to the Academy of Sciences
that a map of the heavens Is well on the
way to completion. It faithfully repre
sents the heavens with the stars up to
the fourteenth magnitude. There are
about 30.000,000 stars on the cards, which
it has taken nearly ten years to prepare.
Hanna's Campaign Headquarters.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 23.— The entire
sixth floor of the big Perry-Payne build-
Ing on Superior street, in which Senator
Hanna's offices are located, has been
leassd by the Senator and the last of the
recent tenants moved to another floor tor
day. An extra rear corridor not acces
sible from the stairways and elevators is
being constructed. The offices are being
wired for desk telephones and an Inde
pendent exchange for both local and long
distance service will be put In. This is
taken to indicate that the Perry-Payne
building will be the McKinley headquar
ters before the Republican national con
vention and possibly one of the Repub
lican national headquarters thereafter.
Additional Currency Needed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— 1t is said at
the Treasury Department that for the
past year the bureau of currency has
been greatly hampered by insufficient
vault room for the storage of national
bank currency. With the past inadequate
facilities for storage a sufficient amount
of incomplete currency could not be kept
on hand and since it requires from twen
ty-five to thirty days to complete an order
from a bank to print its notes the public
and the banks were put to great incon
venience from this fact. An additional
stock of currency will be provided and
kept in another vault in the Treasury De
partment. ___^_«
Census of Puerto Rico.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico, Jan. 23.— The
official census of Puerto Rico has been
finished. San Juan has 32,500 Inhabitants.
Ponce has nearly twice as many, the
number being 56,000. There are 957,000 in
habitants on the Island.
Officers Recommended.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Jan. 23.— The committee
on permanent organization has recom
mended the following officers for the
Chamber of Commerce: L. D. Stephens,
president; H. S. Joslyn, secretary.
WILL DRAW FROM
THE TROOPS IN
ACTIVE SERVICE
Home Battalion Plan
to Be Applied.
INCREASING COAST GARRISONS
USING THE MEN UNFIT FOB
HARD CAMPAIGNING.
More Men Wanted for the Hospital
Service Here and in Manila.
Preparing for the
D«ad.
Reports that there would be an Increase
of the garrison at the Presidio have some
chance of being realised before long.
General Shafter has asked that "home
battalions" from three regiments now in
the Philippines be sent to this depart
ment to be distributed among the posts
on this coast.
The home battalions askM for ar« from
the Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Twenty
third Infantry regiments. This does nut
mean, however, that one organized bat
talion will be taken from each regim:-nt
and sent back to this country. A full
battalion of four companies will be sent,
but the four companies will be made up
*'f men of the r^gim^nis who are un
fitted for active service. Th^re are many
In the hospitals and there are many more
discharged from the hospitals In the
Philippine! 5 who are only nominally fit
for the Island service. If these men
could be pent home they would make
pood soldiers under the genial Influence
of thT; home climate, so It Is the Intention
to form the four companies of the home
battaJion of just Euch men. Four com
panies of cmali available membership
will be picked out, and all the able
bodied men on their rolls •will be trans
ferred to fill vacancies In other com
panies, and all unavailable men In the
other companies will be transferred to
the four to make up the home battalion.
In this v.ay eight '•able-bodied" com
panies will remain on the field and four
companies composed of men fit for home
duty if not for campaigning will return.
Those who do not recuperate will be dis
charged, and the home battalion will be
recruited up from the general recruiting
service.
The home battalion ' of the Twenty
third will in all probability be assigned
to the Presidio, as the post commander.
Lieutenant Colonel EsKridge, is of the
Twenty-third Infantry. A second home
battalion will be assigned to Vancouver
Barracks, and the third will either be
distributed among the coast ports or it
will be Bent to Alaska to swell the troops
in the new department to be commanded
by General Randall.
The Introduction of a home battalion at
the Presidio will solve another problem
that is being worked out at the post. For
some time past a company of convales
cents has been under process of forma
tion. Its strength being drawn from men
discharged from the hospital as convales
cent, but who. nevertheless, are unlit to
bo returned to the rigors of a service to
which they once succumbed. There are
now thirty-two men In the convalescent
company, and they represent every
organization, regular and volunteer, in
the Philippines. They cannot be lettered
or numbered, for, as a whole, they belong
to no regiment and no company, but
when the home battalion is brought to
the post these men will be transferred
to it and will be carried on the regi
mental rolls without further complica
tion.
The home battalion system has been
applied to all the regiments in Cuba and
has been found to work with satisfac
tion.
The medical department is after more
hospital corps men to respond to the In
creasing demand from the hospital
service In Manila. It is the Intention to
enlist at least fifty more for the island
service as soon as they can be found.
Colonel Long addressed yesterday the
following letter to the local Health
Officer, Dr. O'Brien:
FAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 22. 1900.
A. P. O'Brien Esq.. Health Officer, Board
of Health. San Francisco, Cal.— l>car Sir:
Referring to your favor of the 15th inst.,
I have the honor to request that a general
permit be Issued by your department for
removal from transports to the Presidio of
San Francisco. <"al., of the following num
ber of bodies of deceased soldiers upon their
arrival at this port from Manila: Per trans
port Peking. 158 bodies; per transport Indi
ana, 200 bodies.
The former transport Is due to arrive hen»
between the 23d and 26th inst., and the lat
ter on r>r about the 31st inst. As quite
a number of minor details are to be at
tended to in connection with this matter,
it is respectfully requested. If it is not in
consistent with the rules of your depart
ment, in order to avoid delay, that the per
mit herein ask»d for may be issued at
once.
With reference to my previous letter of
th" ]Sth inst. upon the subject, it is ex
pected that the remains will be taken from
the transports In th« harbor and transferred
by boat to the wharf at the Presidio. Very
respectfully. OSCAR F. LONG,
Depot Quartermaster.
II« received this reply:
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 23. 1900.
Colonel O. F. Long, Depot Quartermaster,
"6 New Montgomery Street, City — Dear Sir:
Your letter of even date received, wherein
you request eeneral permit from this de
partment for removal of bodies as described
therein. Before granting said permit It be
come!" necessary for me to know whether
or r.ot any of the bodies are the remains of
soldiers who died of contagious diseases,
for the reason that such clays will not re
ceive a permit from this office. I informed
you In detail by letter of a few days aco
of this fact. Hoping to receive an immedi
ate reply, in order that I rr.nv be phle to
facilitate your work, I remain, rour» re
spectfully, A. P. O'BRIEN.
Health Officer.
Lieutenant Walter Cox, assistant sur
geon, and Acting Assistant Surgeons
Allen D. McLean, Louis J. Steuber and
Charles St. John have been ordered to
proceed to Manila by the transport
Pennsylvania, which will probably pail
Captain Samuel Burkhardt, Nineteenth
Infantry. with three commissioned
officers and fifty-two recruits, will soon
arrive at the Presidio, having been sent
out here from Fort Slocum, N. Y.
Antone Peterson, first sergeant Light
Battery C of the Third Artillery, -sto
tioned at the Presidio, has been ap
pointed an ordnance sergeant as the re
sult of a. recent examination. He has
been assigned temporarily to the Pre
sidio.
The following letter has been received
by A. A. Watkins. chairman of the locnl
committee in charge of the Lawton
fund:
WASHINGTON', Jan. 18, 1900.
My Dear Sir: I take great pleasure In
acknowledging the receipt of New York Ex
change for $54P4 r»0. at the hands of Gen
eral Phafter. representing subscriptions in
behalf of the Uatvton fund, from- the good
people of San Francisco and the Pacific
Coast.
I desire to thank you. and the member*
of your committee, for the valuable assist
ance you have rendered in the premises,
and to convey through you to each of the
Individual contributors our sincere appre
ciation of their generous responses.
Acain thanking you. and in behalf of Mra.
I>iwton. be assured that your active efforts,
pood will and enthusiasm in behalf of the
fun<l are accepted with full measure of grati
tude Very elncerely, H. C. CORBIN.
Adjutant General. U. S. A.
For the Committee.
but were ordered out Sunday, as they
could not pay the rent. Hurd then started
with Gilligan for the City Prison. At
I^eavenworth and Ellis streets the pris
oner broke away and ran. Hurd called
upon him to stop. He kept running and
Hurd pulled out his revolver and fired
four shots over the fugitive's head, think
ing to scare him into stopping. It had the
opposite effect. Gilligan soon disappeared
into a lodging house on the northwest
corner of Turk and Hyde streets.
The report of the shots brought Police
men P. Burns and Joy on the scene, and
while Hurd kept watch outside Burns and
Joy searched the lodging house. Burns
found Gilligan hiding In a room on the
top flat.- He was taken to the prison and
locked up in/ "the tanks." Later, when
the restaurant man identified the arti
cles. Gilligan was booked on a charge of
burglary. He had effected an entrance
into the restaurant by forcing open tho
rear window. ,
A charge of forgery was also booked
against Gilligan. Last Friday he went to
T. J. Clancy, saloon-keeper, 222 McAllis
ter street, with a chock for $12 on the
First National Bank, purporting to be
signed by John T. Sullivan, proprietor of
the Oriel Hotel on Market street. He toM
Clancy that he had been employed as a
waiter at the Oriel and Sullivan had given
him the check. He got the money. Clancy
sent tho check to the bank and found that
the signature was a forgery. When Gilli
gan was searched at the prison a number
of blank checks of the First National
Bank wore found in his pocketi.
a bank or at any other place must ber
presented for payment at the place
named. When no place is specified tha
note is payable at the maker's place o*
business or at his residence. The nott*
must not be presented before- or after
maturity, but upon the exact day of ma
turity, if the lniiorsers are to be held lia
ble for its non-payment.
When a note is presented, for payment;
at maturity :ind is not paid it is usually
protested; that is, a notary public makf*
a formal statement that th» note wa*
presented for payment und payment wai
refused. Notice of such protest 13 sent to
the n.aker and to each indorser.
If ii payment Is made to apply on n
note, such payment should always be in
dorsed on the back of the note. Such in
dorsement requires no signature. Tha
usual form is to give the date and wrt:<s
"Received on within note." stating thi»
amount. An ordinary separate receipt ia
not sufficient. Each amount indorsed on»
the back reduces the fa^e value.
It is generally understood that a debtor
is? nwr • UKtriy to pay a promissory r.ota
than he Is to keep a simple verbal prom
ise. It will injure his credit if he alluw.t
his paper to go to protest. It is difficult,
too, to dispute a claim after a note haJ
been given in settlement. The note may
be used by the creditor in raisins money
for his own use; that Is, he may get it
discounted — sell It to a note broker or to
a bank. But there are some disadvan
tages. If a note is accepted from a debtor
the account cannot be collected until tha
day of maturity of th<» note. You may
hold a note against a debtor, and if your
note is not due you cannot by any process
of law prevent your debtor from selling
everything he owns and leaving for parts
unknown. A note that is overdue is in
some particulars better than a note not
yet matured. An overdue note draws in
terest at the legal rate from the date of
maturity, and legal steps to collect it may
be taken at any moment.
To discount a note or draft is to sell it
at a discount. The rates of discount vary
according to the security offered, or th*
character of the loan, or the state of tlra
money market. For ordinary commercial
paper the rates run from 4 to 8 per ceru.
Notes received and given by commercial
houses are not usually for a longer period
than four months.
Negotiable paper, whether mad« for ac
commodation or otherwise, may be trans
ferred by indorsement and delivery or by
delivery alone, either before it has fallen
due or afterward. There is a difference,
however, in the liability attached to hi
dorsers, and the value of the paper may
be affected by the defenses »xi--sting be
tween the original parties. It would be>
well to consult a lawyer before accepting
overdue paper, particularly if it* has in
dorsers.
A Judgment Note.
Some of the States, noticeably Pennsyl
vania, have a form of promissory not*
called a Judgment note. In th'« farm t>£
note the maker confesses judgment if thf»
note Is not paid and authorizes the court
to take possession of sufficient of hla
property immediately to satisfy tha
amount of the claim. It is really a very
severe form of contract and should ba
given only under the most extreme condi
tions.
Certificate of Deposit.
If you deposit money temporarily In a
bank for safekeeping you will receiv* a.
receipt therefor. The receipt is usually
called a certificate of dfposic It often
occurs that such certificate is used in
stead of a bank draft in the payment of
distant bills. Interest is allowed under
certain conditions. It is practically a.
bank's check on itself. In issuing certifi
cates of deposit to strangers the bank:
should take their signatures upon th«
margin of the certificate book, so that
when the certificates come home for re
demption the Indorsements may bo com
pared with the original signatures. If It
seems necessary. Of course every prop
erly managed bank has a ledger account
of certificates of deposit Issued, which Is
a full record of the amounts and names
of all certificates issued, together with
their dates and numbe-s. Returning cer
tificates can be compared with th'.s record
as they are presented for payment through*
clearing-houses and over the counter.
Note — A paper by Dr. A. S. Bolles of thai
University of Pennsylvania, entitled,
"The Law Relating to Married Women. 1 '
will be published in this department next
week. This will be the concluding paper
of the series.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
VI. SOME LAW POINTS FOR
GIRLS.
Promissory Notes.
Have nothing whatever to do with
promissory notes. This 19 perhaps the
best advice which can be given to girls
and women, but this does not mean tiiat
you are to know nothing whatever aoout
promissory notes.
A promissory note is a written promise
to pay a definite sum of money. Any such
promise is really a promissory note. At
the time when such promise is written
there are two parties connected with It—
the one who makes the promise and the
one to whom the money is to be pail.
"1 promise to pay Charles Brown $10.
(Signed) John Smith./' This Is a. prom
issory note. John Smith is the maker and
Charles Brown la the payee, that is. the
person to whom the money is to be paid.
J&uch a promise should be dated and it
should state also when the money is to he
paid— in one month or in three months or
on demand. If Charles Brown wanted to
turn this note over to his grocer in pay
ment of a bill he ought to have had it
worded differently; it should read, "I
promise to pay to the order of Charles
Brown": that is, John Smith will pay the
$10 to Charles Brown or to the baker or
grocer or anybody Charles Brown "or
ders" it paid to. The note is then "ne
gotiable." "Negotiable" means "trans
ferable." All United States bills are ne
gotiable. They read, "the United States
will pay bearer"; that is. will pay any
body bearing or holding the bills. A note
may be written on any kind of paper, m
Ink or in pencil. -
The words "value received" are not le
gally necessary, although they usually
appear on ordinary promissory not*-*.
Thousands of good notes made without
any value consideration are handled
daily. The promise to pay of a negotia
ble note must be unconditional. It cannot
be made to depend upon any contingency
whatever. A note made payable in any
thing but money Is simply a form of con
tract and is not a negotiable instrument.
NotPs and acceptances that are made in
settlement of genuine business transac
tions come under the head of regular legit
imate business paper. An accommodation
note or acceptance is one which is signed,
or indorsed or accepted, simply as an ac
commodation and not in settlement of an
a'ceount or in payment of an Indebtedness.
"With banks accommodation paper has a
deservedly hard reputation. However,
there are'all grades and shades of accom
modation paper, though it represents no
actual business transaction between the
parties to it, and rests upon no other
foundation than that of mutual agree
ment. No contract Is good without a
consideration, but this Is only true be
tween the original parties to a note. Ihe
third party, or innocent receiver or holder
of a note, has a good title and can re
cover its value, even though It was orig
inally given without a valuable consid
eration. An innocent holder of a note
which had been originally lost or stolen
has a good title to it if he received it for
A note does not draw Interest until after
maturity, unless the words "with Inter
est" appear on the face. Notes draw In
terest after maturity and until paid at
the legal rate.
An indorser of a note is any person who
writes his name on the back of It. and by
so doing guarantees Its payment, in
dorsements on notes are usually made in
blank that is, without the words of "pay
to the order of." The receiver or the note
is then free to Indorse it or not. at his
pleasure, if he wishes to transfer It. The
indorser Is liable for Its payment if the
maker fails to meet It. If an Indorser
should be compelled to pay a note he has
a good claim against the maker and
against each Indorser whose name ap
pears above his own. An Indorser to
whose order a note Is drawn or Indorsed
can transfer it without becoming liable
for Its payment by writing the words
"without recourse* before or after his
name on the back. A person who receives
a promissory note In good faith for fair
value before the day oi maturity takes
It freo from all defects of title and from
all claims that might be set up
aeainst any preceding holder. This Is not
true of notes transferred after maturity
A note should be presented on the exact
day of maturity. Notes made payable at
A CROOK FROM COLORADO
CAPTURED BY THE POLICE
DISTIN GUISHED SINGER
RETURNS FROM ABROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
FIRST STEP TO
FOUND MUSEUM
FOR COMMERCE
Promotion Committee
Formed.
?
WHEELER IS THE CHAIRMAN
SIXTY PROMINENT BUSINESS
MEN TO WORK.
Plan of Organization Will Be Con
sidered by Ten Whoss Views Will
Be Submitted to Members
Before Next Meeting.
The first practical steps toward the cre
ation of a commercial museum, were tak
en last night at a largely attended meet
ing in the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Delegates from the organizations that
united in the call for the meeting consti
tuted themselves a committee of promo-*
tlon and elected President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler permanent chairman and Pro
fessor Plehn permanent secretary. The
chairman was authorized to appoint a
committee of ten to consider all plans
submitted for the organization of the
museum, the committee to send printed
reports of its conclusions to all members
of the committee of promotion, and after
the reports have been considered individ
ually, the committee of promotion will be
called together to consider finally and
make up a plan for the museum.
Only two names were mentioned for the
chairmanship of the committee on promo
tion, those of Benjamin Ide Wheeler and
M. H. de Young. Mr. de Young declined
to be considered a candidate for the posi
tion. The committee on promotion con
sists of the following:
Merchants' Association— lsaac Upham. S.
Pussman. Horace B. Sperry, Everett N. Be<\
Adolph Mack, F. W. r>ohrmann. J. Richard
Freud.
State Board of Trade— J. S. Eraory, W. H.
Mills, N. W. Spauldinc, N. P. Chlpman. J. A.
Filcher
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
of California— Wakefleld Baker, Charles B.
Platt Eueene Goodwin, Andrea Sbarboro.
University of California— President .Benjamin,
Ide Wheeler, Regents Arthur Kodgers and
Krnst A Denlcke. Professor C. C. Plehn, Pro
fessor George Davidson, Professor Bernard
Moses ¦ Professor Armln O. Leuschner.
Chamber of Commerce — W. K. Wheeler, G.
Niebaum, Rufus P. Jennings, Hugh Craig,
Charles Nelson, Ebenezer Scott.
Mechanics 1 Institute— Willis G. Dodd, Byron
Jackson, S. J. Hendy. George C. Dow, George
Cummin?, .Joseph M. dimming.
Oakland Board of Trade— M. J. Keller, Cra
tie Sharp.
Mayor James IX Phelan, Hon. Horace Davis,
M. H. de Younc, W. S. Leake, A. M. Law
rence John D. Spreckels, Claus Spreckels,
William 11. Mills. A. A. Watklns, I»uis Sloss,
Lewis Gerstle. Hugh Craig; Dr. C. V. Cross,
president Western Addition Club; A. P. CMa
nlnnl, vice president North Beach Club; P. N.
McCarthy, president Builders 1 Union Club; A.
S Liillle, president Federated Mission Club; Dr.
C D. Salheld. president Ashbury Heights <-}üb;
George K. Sanderson, president Presidio Club;
Naph B. Greensfelder. vice president Central
Improvement Club; Gustave Schnee, secretary
Central Improvement Club.
President Wheeler opened the meeting
last night with an address in which he
dwelt upon the enlargement of the com
mercial opportunities of the Pacific Coast
and the atlvlsiblllty of concerted action to
reap all the benefits that might accrue.
Commerce and trade had become scien
tific, he said, and the merchant must do
as the scientific man has done, collect his
facts and then come to conclusions. The
day of the rule of thumb had passed, he
continued.'; Germany had taken the lead i
in commerce in ten years, and all because I
facts had been accumulated and carefully ,
studied by her men of business and af
fairs. The people of the Pacific Coaat had
awakened to the new conditions. No
man, he said, could be blind to the glit
tering future of the Pacific Coast com
mercially. San Francisco must act unit
edly and forget' the tradition that It was
every man for himself to. win success.
V. W. Dohrmann nominated Ernest A.
Denicke for chairman of the meeting.
Colonel Denlcke declined and suggested j
the name of President Wheeler, saying j
that It was at his Instance that the meet-
Ing to consider the museum had been
called. President Wheeler was then elect- !
ed chairman. i
M. H. de Young submitted a resolution •
proposing that all persons invited and
actually present at the meeting should
be made a committee on promotion; that
such committee should elect a president,
vice president, treasurer and secretary;
that the committee should name a com
mittee on finance to consist of sixty citi
zens, the members of the promotion com
mittee to be members ex officio; that the
finance committee should elect an execu- j
tive committee of the finance committee
of nine members, this sub-committee to
meet daily to arrange details, receive re
ports and fill vacancies in the working
committees: also to canvass the State and
city to secure donations and subscriptions
and also to make a rough canvass of the
city for members. The promotion com- |
mlttee under the plan was to elect all I
officers and boards provided for in a
scheme of organization when sufficient
money had been raised to insure the In
auguration of the museum and members
enough had signed to provide funds for
its maintenance.
Before this resolution was considered
statements were made by Professor Plehn
and Professor George Davidson concern-
Ing the Philadelphia museum, and also
concerning the trade of the countries of
the Pacific. Professor Plehn urged that
the first manager of the museum should
be from Philadelphia, that experience
might be available from the first. Profes
sor Davidson said that of the vast traffic
of the Pacific, which amounted to $2,140,
000,000, California got only 7 per cent,
whereas the amount ought to be in
creased to a quarter of the total.
W. 11. Mills was not In favor of proceed
ing to permanent organization at once.
Isaac Upham offered a resolution that
the chairman should appoint a committee
to prepare a plan for organization. M. H.
de Young said that the meeting was called
to organize, and he was In favor of imme
diate action.
Arthur Rodgers offered a resolution to
authorize the chair to name a committee
of ten to prepare a plan of organization
of the museum and for its maintenance.
The first part of Mr. de Young's resolution
was adopted, providing for the committee
on promotion.
Arthur Rodgers' resolution was finally
adopted. The chairman and the. secretary
were made members of the committee on
promotion. A. resolution was read pledg
ing the support of the Public Improve
ment Club.
Note— This drawing shows the nsual
method of representing ordinary stone
mason ry.
5. Make a drawing to represent a stona
wall 3 feet high, IS inches thick and 3!>
feet long, with stone sjat<» posts 2 f*«>t
by 18 inches and 5 feet hijh. with cap
stones, the gate to be S l^ feet wide.
9NEW YORK, Jan. 23. — The stock market was j
e» bcrren cf any veil deSned Issues bearing \
on prices of Becuritte* mi for several dijs .
past. Nevertheless thf-re was a general and ]
quite pronounced collsr*** of the firmness *hl<-h ;
had been characteristic of the undertone of j
the market for several days past. The re- j
action took its Initiative from the European j
t>rursf?. TUf foresrn Felling; litp was in vtry j
considerable volume and was aciwimpanled by }
rumors of n«*w disasters to th° British military |
forces In South Africa. The denial of th-so i
reports fa'l»-<i to check %Y>e reactionary ten
dency. The decline caused th» taking of profits
by speculators who have held through several
<3ayt of ris!r.B prices «nd were weary of wait
ing for further advance. The halt in the ad
vancing tendency also encouraged the putting
out of short l!n»3 by the professional i^ars.
Even a'.lowrrc tor all of these professional
movements the volume of the dealings on the
decline was of rather Impressive proportions
and the Jesses sustained, wjieelally by the Irad
lnp international stocks, are quite severe. Only
a few of thfiri <-scapf>d with less than one point
los-s and in others it extends to n?£.r two points.
In i:r.» of the praotaeat speculative special
ties looses are even greater. Surar, Brooklyn
Transit. Tobacco, United States Leather, P<*o- j
j/le's Gas Oni r.orn«? -if the Iron and steel j
stocks w-re notable sufferers. Consolidated Gas. ,
Jlftrf-politan Street Railway. Third Avenue
and Manhattan ail showing early etrength,
yielit-d to the later weakness, grains being en
tirely wiji«J out. Thert? came a halt to the
decline early In the arterr.oon with a demand
from the f-horts to cover, but the selling waa
renewed before the close, which was at the
lowest cf the day. The board room traders
pxpect to pet their stocks bark in London In
the momlnp at a profit. Tht-re was no quo
table rfcanjL-e in ir.oney rat^ to-day, but the
tone of the 'r.arV.et was a trifle firmer »ml
rtorling exchange also rallied a fraction. Th<»
tdditlon to Ihe New York banks reserves was
believed to show some falling off from the
lucent large rate of increase.
Prices in the bond market started upward
In the morning, but reacted, quite sharply in
sympathy with Ftocks during the afternoon.
botwa which resisted the decline b'ir.R the
exception. This development was attributed to
ih» lessened accumulation of unemployed
fund*. Total f=a!<*K. par value. J2.050.0C0.
United States old 4s <reKletere<3) declined H
«r.«J old 4s <coupcn) and the Sa ar.d new 4s 14
in the bid 1 »"lce.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
*".'•"> Atrhison prefd ........................ Co'4i '
£.T9S Baltimore & Ohio 16%
tW Canadian Pacific S*S I
200 CaTiHda Southern 49 I
2.510 Ch--«i;.-ake & Ohio 2'J% !
2.2C3 Chi'-apo Grrat Western 13%
CO Chicago. Bur & Quincy UV%
JOU Chicago Ind & Louisville 15
100 Chlcaco, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 45
Chtrajro & Kast Illinois 87
54'". Chicago &- Northwestern IS<.»4
I.CM Chi rape, Rork Island & Pacific 10fi
«» C C C & St Louis 60%
j."^» Colorado Southern s\i
2Oy Colorado Southern first prefd 43
2<H> Colorado Southern second prefd 15
200 Ivlaware & Hudson 114
PelEwar". I^a<k & Western 173
180 Denver & Hie Grande 17
, ftcnver & Itlo Grande prefd tt%
Erie 11%
100 Trie first rrefd 32V*
Great Northern prefd IGG
Hocking Coal 15
Hooking Valley .-... 3014
LOW Illinois Central 112%
lowa Centra! 11* 4
2 m lowa Central prefd w
1» Kan City, Pitts <t Gulf fcijj
Lake Erie & Western 21
Lake Erie & Western iirtfd K3Vi
, Ij&kf Shore IV4
4.C C .3 Louisville & Nashville 79%
6.7 M Manhattan L 95*4
7,075 M-troi'fhtan Street Railway IC"*
650 Mexican Central 11?«
Minn & St Lculs .*. CS
• Minn &l St Louis Prefd 90
Xj,649 Missouri Pacific 42%
Mobile & Ohio 43
Missouri. Kansa* & Texas 10
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 82
2V\ New Jersey Central 116%
2.174 New York Central 132 7 -»
2.f75 Norfolk & Western 24%
l^£fi Norfolk & Western prefd Osi
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
January 6374 64% £3T» 64«4
May 6«V 2 67H (,6% 67
July 67^i 6~% 67t* «7%
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 30*4
May 33 3^4 32% 33 4
July 33% 3316 33% 33;»
Oats No. 2—
January 22Vi 22»4 224 22V;
May 23' i 23V? 23Vi 23V4
Mess pork, per bbl —
January 10 60
May 10 SO 10 92V4 10 75 10 82&
July 10 87% 10 92V4 10 85 10 90
Lard, per 100 lbs —
jHiiuaty 6 87V4 5 87>4 5 87% S 87U
May 600 605 6 97% 6 02^
July 6 07% 6 12% 605 6 07%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
Jnnuary .... .... 670
May 5 75 5 80 5 75 5 75
July 5 85
Caxh quotations were as follows: Flour firm-
No. S sprins wheat. 60\^64c: No. 2 red, 67<565c;
No. 2 corn, 31V4c: No. 2 oats. 23c; No. 2 white
2r. l ,':®2sHc: No. 3 white, 24**525% c; No. 2 rye,
62% c; No. 2 barley. 28fi42c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 50;
prime timothy seed. J2 60; mess pork, per bar
rel. J9 25910 65; lard, per 100 lbs. >5 80<i?5 90:
short ribs sides (loose). $5 55Q'5 So: dry salted
shoulders (boxed,). S^ffS^c: short clear sides
(boxed), $5 J'or«6: whfsky. distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 23V4.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45.000 32 000
Wheat, bushels 57,000 56^000
Corn, bushels 247.000 159.000
Oats. bu«hel« 253.000 189.000
Ilye. bushels 20.000 11 000
Barley, bushels 86,000 87.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. l!)(g24V4c; dairy.
li>;i'j:22c. Cheese, firm, 12® 13c Eggs, steady
fresh. 16317 c.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tlda of
the Jay the third time column the third tld«
and the' last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plans o£
reference i» the mean of the lower low waters.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23— May wheat opened V4@%c
under yesterday's close, at 66%'Q'66 1 ,4 c, actuated
by an initial decline at Liverpool of %d. The
dip was only momentary as the English market
steadied early and Paris showed another ad
vance. Trade was active, foreigners and in
fluential locals were good buyers and profes
sional traders covered lines let out early. May
advanced to 67c, where for some time the mar
ket ruled firm, but rather dull. Later a spasm
of profit-taking depressed the price of May to
6S*s@66 I ,ic, but a shaxp recovery followed a»
outside markets were firm, primary receipts
light and clearances liberal. The Northwest
was a good buyer at this stage of the session.
May advanced to 67@67Vic and closed strong.
»ic over yesterday at 67c. On the advance trade
was acalu lairly active.
Corn was dull throughout the session and In
clinid to be heavy, but the strength of wheat
had a steadying effect and near the end in
fluenced ei.uugh buying to result in a gain over
last nlxht. May closed HIJUo up at 33Vic.
The trade in oats was llf;ht and the tone
generally weak, but the strength of wheat
boosted the market near the close to a level
with yesterday's linal iigurea. May closed un
changed at 23\4c.
With receipts of hogs under the estimate the
weakn«s cf provisions was particularly dis
appointing to the bulls. May pork closed 2>.<.
i£jsc under yesterday. May lard a shade lower
and May ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
TO SAIL
1.5?5 Northern Pacific 61
I.CSO Northern Pacific prefd 734
LlOO Ontario & Western 21' i
Orecon Railway & Nay 42
Orecon Railway & Nay prefd 76
1.656 Pennsylvania 128%
Reading 17
110 Reading first prefd 60
100 Reading second prefd 26%
Rio Grande Western 89
Rio Grande Western prefd 82
260 St Louis & San Francisco 9
St Louis & Pan Fran first prefd — 6S
310 St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 82<4
. 700 St Louis, Southwestern IH3
525 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 27
7.260 St Paul 1174
St Paul prefd 170
St Paul & Omaha 120
V>,535 Southern Pacific , S7»i
LBSO Southern Railway Hii
554 Southern Railway prefd 63 1 *.
400 Texas & Pacific 15' i
9.m Union Pacific 46*»
3.EX) Union Pacific prefd "5
2*o Waba*h TH
100 Wabash prefd 20**
490 Wheeling A L E 9T4
Wheeling ALE second prefd 27 1 i
600 Wisconsin Central 18*4
Express Companies—
Adams 113
American 145
United States 47
W^lis FarßO 120
Miscellaneous—
ECO American Cotton Oil 33^4
200 American Cotton Oil prefd 94
American Malting 6
100 American Malting prefd 27
925 American Smeltlmr & Ref 37*4
185 American Smelting & Ref prefd SS
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 42
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 79*4
4,420 American Steel &. Wire 4CH
200 American Pteel & Wire prefd 90
American Tin Plate 28
American Tin Plate prefd SO
20,764 American Tobacco SSV4
American Tobacco prefd 135
250 Anaconda Mining Co 33*?
41.6T5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70», t
1.175 Colorado Fuel & Iron 41=^
1.f.50 Continental Tobacco 32»i
274 Continental Tobacco prefd 84
4.17 a Federal Steel 50
Federal Steel prefd 73»4
£00 General Electric 122*4
3.655 Glucose Sugar f.2^
315 Glucose Supar prefd 09^ t
International Paper 23
770 International Paper prefd 67*4
600 Laclede Gas 7SV4
National Biscuit 35i»
National Biscuit prefd 92 l .fc
300 National Lead 25,4
130 National Lead prefd 10G
425 National Steel 41
27u National Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 133
110 North American 14
Pacific Coast 5114
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64»i
1.425 Pacific Mall 425"
3,575 People's Gas 103S
S3O Pressed Steel Car stj",
100 Press<-d Steel Car prefd S7'i
130 Pullman Palace Car iss'
215 Standard Rope & Twine SVi
36,375 Sut'ar 115 T 4
Supar prefd 113'
500 Tennestee Coal & Iron £3*4
38.C15 United States Leather y,*,L
1,260 United States Leather prefd 75W
United States Rubber 40a.
United States Rubber prefd JOH4
593 Western Union Mi
910 Republic Iron & Steel 20«
..—... Republic Iron & Su><>l prefd 63
....... 1 C(~& St L. ...... ....... ..,,.. ...... 76* i
¦
309.7C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S reg J« !CHi]N J Cent gen 55. ..12014
Do 2s T"t( 109^4 N Carolina 6s 127
Do 2!= coup IMH4 Do 4s 100
Im new 4h re* — 132";! No Pac Ist* 110
I>o new 4* coup.. 133*; Do 2k CSS!
tk> old 4h reg IMS' IV» 4* '.103*.
I>o old 4s COOp.~II4<4JN V C & St L 4s..Jf-oi t
Do 5s re« 112 IN &- W con 4s 94
Do 5s coup I!3VN & W gen fis 123
Dls of Col 3.65s 119 !Or Nay lets lift
Atehl?on pen 4s W>\ J Do 4s joj t -
Do adj 45 81'i,Or Short Line 6s. ['.llS ll .
Canada Sou 2<l« 103 ' Do con 5s IP
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. STVi 1 Reading Oen 45.... M>i
Do ",s HStt R G W lsts 9:.';
C A- N Con 7s HII4 Bliil M con Sa.'.lllC
Do S F Deb 55... 119 ; Do «r»n 6? 119'
Chic Term 4s 54 St Paul Con Ififl
D & R G lsts 102*; StP C & P lsts....lisu
Do 4b S&i, i Do ts m
E T V t O 15t5. .102 Eouthern Ry 5e....1<i:u
Erie Gen 4s 73 Stand R&T 6s .f3
FW& D C lsts... 7Z Term new s<u 35.... 95
Gen Elec 5e 113 iTex & Pac Ists 113
GII & S ACs 109 j Do 2ds 64
Dp sd» 105 Union Pac 4e 104»i
H & T Central 55.. 110 :Wal>ash lsts . us
Do Con 6s no Do 2ds Mloo4
lowa Cent lstF 112 West Shore 4s 113
X C P & G lsts.... 69 |Wis Cent lsts »•-.%
La new con 48 306'4l Va Centuries Ss'
LSc N Uni 4s 99',; Do Deferred 5
MX & T 2da 69 Colo & Sou 4s 8.-4
Do 4s WWz 6ou Pacific 4s 52"4
N V Cent lsts 109»i
MINING. STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario ECO
Crown Point 10 Ophir 61
Con Cal &. Va 1 50 Plymouth CS
Dendwood tOlQuirksilver 7;
Gould & Curry 20 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 85 Sierra Nevada ' 45
Home«take 50 00 Stan-lard 2 50
Iron Silver R5 l Union Con 26
Mexican 301 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— (West Electric 4QM.
Call leans 4'4«?6'Wls Central is«i
Time loans 4 feilDom Coal 4114
Stocks— jDom Coal prefd..!!lls
AT& s F IS% fJonds—
AT & S F prefd.. 60 Atchiaon 4s S3V4
Am Sugrar lUvfcj Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd...lHV4 Adventure 6
Bell Telephone 330 !Allnu«-z Mining Co. 2VJ
Boston Elevated .. S5 [Atlantic 2."
Boston & Maine. ..lS*6 ; Boston & M0nt.. ..270
C B & Q 12114 j But ta & 805t0n.... 45
Fitchburg prefd....lir; Calumet * Hec1a...735
Gen Electric 122.4 Centennial 15
c,en Elec prefd ir.s Franklin 14
Federal Steel .SO Humboldt 1
Fed Steel prefd.... 73 Osceola 674
Mexican Central .. 11 Vi Parrot 3914
Mich Telephone HO Qulncy 132
Old Colony 203 Fanta Fe Copper.. C 4
Old Dominion 17V4 Tamarack 175
Union Pacific 4fi'» '.Vlnona 4
Union Land 24 Wolverines 3S\4
West Knd 92V4 Utah 24
West End prefd...Ho !
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23— Money on call steady
at 3JT3',4 per cent; la*t loan. 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4H&6H per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at X 4 86«4a > 4 S6"/i for demand and at
!< K3%iC4 82:4 for sixty days. Posted rat»»
14 MH^4 K3 and !« S7<*@* M. Commercial bills,
$4 S3Q4 53%. Silver certificates, 59V 4 g60',4c
Bar silver, 60c. Mexican dollara, 47% c Bonds
— Government, weak; State, inactive; railroad,
irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able rash balance, {287,327,479; gold reserve
J219.0C9.215.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— The Commercial Ad
rertlser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were becalmed and dull to-
Charters.
The Dauntless loads lumber s.t Grays Harbor
for Gvayrr.as ; Helen N. Klmball. reiwood at
Eunka !c»r Hilo.
The InverJyon was chartered prior to arrival
for wtest to Evrcre. 36s Si— option of Cape
Town, 40a, cr Deiaeoa Bay, 41s 3d.
The Gt?r.eral Gordon is free.
Decreased Stocks of Lumber.
A lumber •.utbority says: "The total stocks
*t the mills on December 1, 1529, amounted to
2,725,271,m00 feet, as againet a total on the same
<!ate a year previous of 3,494,739,000 fe*t. Thus
an aggregate shortage existed at that date of
7GS.46*,C*>j feet. On December 1, 1^37. the total
stocks at the mills amounted to 3.915, 55J.000 fc*t.
or larger than the stock of last year by 1,187.
157.000 feet. The ftock on December 1 was the
lightest known since IS3O.
Weather Report.
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
X degree*; minimum, 42; mean. 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has rifen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. From <^ape
Mendocino northward there has been a ri»? In
!T<-f«urH cf three ty seven-tenths of an inch
durinp th? pa!»t twenty-four hours. A storm of
considerable energy overlies the upper Missouri
Valley, having traveled fully a thousand miles
Jn the past twenty-four hours.
P-ain baa fallon over Oregon and Washing
ton. A rainfall of 1.06 inches is reported at
Port Crescent, Wa*h.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: N<»ah. 36 miles per hour, from ih«
¦OBtttWMt: Portland, 30, from the southwest:
Walla Walla. St. from the southwest; Poca
tello. S6, south: Lander. 36. southwest; Winne
tnucca, 34, west.
Cloudy weather prevails over the entire Pa
cific slope.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 24, 1900.
Northern California — Cloudy
JiKht northerly wir.ds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er U'Mnfs^ay; lipht northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wrdnrsday: colder.
Utah— Cloudy: colder Wednesday.
Artzern — Cloudy W«-dnei>day.
San Frar.< i?< o and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; light northerly wind*.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
London Wool Supply.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— There was a full attend
ance of buyers at to-day's wool auction sales.
The number of bales offered was 8299. New
South Wales stock was In demand and caused
keen competition, the continent securing the
bulk against American bidding. Crossbreds
were eagerly taken by American. Yorkshire
and Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools were
mostly withdrawn. The number of bales sold
at thla series of sales aggregate 50,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 23.— Clearings. $204.
696; balances. $29,044.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 23.— The local wheat
market is unsettled. Recent limits put out by
some dealers would Indicate that there was
still a demand for wheat at prices a cent or two
above export values. Fifty-one cents and 52c is
bid for Walla Walla and there are rumors of a
cent more being paid for heavy stock. Export
values are a cent lower, about 50'golc; valley
is nominal at 50551 c and bluestem 62553 C.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Jan. 23— Wheat— Club. 6I0; blue
stem, 53c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Consols, 101 9-16; sliver,
27% d; French rentes. 99f 974 c: wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. I standard Cali
fornia. 2Ss 104 d; English country markets,
quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 23.— Wheat, steady: wheat
in Paris, active: flour in Paris, active; French
country markets, generally di-arer; weather In
England, cloudy and dry.
COTTON— Uplands. 4Vi.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 23.^- WHEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, steady, oa '.'d; No. 1 North
ern spring, steady, 6s 104 d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new. steady,
8s sV*rt; old. quiet. 3a 54d. Futures— Steady,
January, 3s &V*d; February, 3s 5%d; March. 3s
6Tid.
day In the absence of definite news from Africa
and reports from Paris of the capture by the
Boers of a large part of General Warren's
forces. These reports were thoroughly dis
credited but made some impression for a time
because they were accompanied by a heavy fall
in Rand mines. This decline, It was learned
later, was due to exercise of a large option.
Americans were forgotten, dealers In them
standing around Idle all day wondering why-
New York sold.
The bank bought £12.000 gold in German coin
and £15,000 arrived from South Africa, prob
ably Boer payments.
To-morrow's bill . allotment is awaited as a
clew to possible gold shipments to India.
Money was Fteady. Paris chocque. 20.20; Ber
lin. 20.494. Silver was still under Influence on
the closing of bear commitments. The India
demand Ib still undeveloped.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 23.— Canadian Pacific, 96;
Union Pacific preferred, 77%: Northern Pacific
preferred, T6V4 ; Atchlson, 20Vi; Grand Trunk.
7^4: Anaconda, BV4; bar silver, steady, 27*jd
per ounce.
BOSTON, Jan. 23.— There Is a slight increase
in the wool business this week, but the de
mand is quiet compared with a few weeks ago.
Territory wools show some falling off in ac
tivity this week, but prices are firm. For fine
scoured and fine medium 67c is asked, while
choice staple calls for' 70c. Fleece wools con
tinue slow, in demand, with prices largely
nominal on account of few sales. The market
for Australian wools is quiet, and in the ab
sence of sales prices are nominal. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine,
medium and fine 22ff24c, scoured 62@65c. staple
CS<S7.Oc; Wyoming., fine medium and fine 19<g>
20c, scoured 60@63c. staple 65©6Sc; Idaho, line
medium and fine 18@21c, scoured 60(5 63c, me
dium 20523 c, scoured 62@54c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices, comb
ing superfine, 88®90c; good, S6@S7c; average,
Ssc.
AUCTION SALES *
*v_ THfc HORSEMEN'S 5^
£?* OPPORTUNITY. <»*
CLOSING -OUT SALE
Of All the
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
Belonging to
J. NAGLEE BURK,
Consisting of such well-known money-winner*
as Coda. Dolore. Espirando. Evirato. Festosa.
Flero. Fuga. Gllssando, Gravita, Garbo. urat.a.
Gusto. Giro. Giocoso. Oai.i and nine two-year-
oMs ready to race, by Flambeau Crescent.
Drum Major Brioso an-1 Belllcoso. Including a
brother of Crescendo. There are descendants of
imported Brutus, imported Foul Shot. AY ilcildie
St. Saviour. Flambeau, etc.. in this sale wnien
are unexcelled as individuals and are sold only
on account of the retirement of the owner from
the business of ractns.
Sale Take? Place
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY JANUARY 25, 1930,
At 11 a. m. Sharp.
In the Saddling Paddock of the
-II- OAKLAND -:- RACETRACK -II-
KmeryvlUe, Cal.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer,
Office, 721 Howard «.. S. F.
Catalogues ready. Trair.3 leave at W o'clock
for Emeryville. Horses may be seen at tn«
track.
Lumber stocks reported depleted.
Silver continues to advance. Sterling Exchange lower.
Wheat dull and easy.. Wheat freights firm.
The minor cereals stagnant at unchanged prices.
Large shipment of Flour to China.
Bran advanced again. Hay and other Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans still firm, with a good demand.
Potatoes weak under expected heavy arrivals.
No change in Onions and Vegetables.
Two mere cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game higlier.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese weak and dull.
Oranges, Lemons, Limes and Apples in free supply and easy.
Dried Fruits dull, with some kinds lower. Honey also easier.
Provisions firm and in fair demand.
Wool firm. Hops steady. Hides and Tallow selling fairly.
Meat market as previously quoted.
San Quentin Grain Bags advanced.
Coal in light stock and very firm.
No change in Oils.
white Coal OH. In bulk. 14c: Pearl OH, in
casea. We: Astral. 20c; Star, 20c; Extra Star
Oil. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c: Deordorlzed
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do. cases. 22c; Benzine,
in bulk, 154 c: do. cases, 2iy 2 c: B<s degree Gaso
line, in bulk. 21e; cases. 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— EU-ctrlc Light Candles— Sixes, 16
oz, 20 sets, lie per set: sixes, 14 0z,'20 sets. 10c;
sixer, 12 oz, 20 6ets. 9c; sixes. 10 oz. 20 **t9,
SVie; 12 oz, 40 sets, hotel, 9%c. Granite Mining
Candles— Sixes, 16 oz. 40 sets. 114 c p«r set:
sixes, 16 oz, 20 sets, ll»ic; sixes. 14 oz. 40 sets,
104 c; sixes. II oz. 20 sets, lO^c; sixes, 12 oz,
20 sets, 99ic; sixes, 10 oz. 20 sets. 9c; twelves,
12 oz, 40 sets, hotel, lWic. Parafflne Wax Can
dles, White— Ones. 14 oz. 25 sets. 12«4c per set;
twos, 14 oz. 25 sets. 12'ic; fours, 14 oz. 36 sets.
12^0 ; sixes, 14 oz. 36 sets, 12Uc: twelves. 14 oa,
38 sets. 12% c: Colored, lc hlsher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7®7%e: Red Lead
and Litharge. 7Vi<fi7 I s;c per lb.
TURPENTINE^ — In case*, 73c; in Iron barrels,
6Sc: In wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 61c; raw. barrels.
59c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 50 per flask for local use
and $46 3O((7 47 ;.O for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. s»hc; Pow
dered. 6%: Candy Granulated. 5Vi: Dry Gran
ulated 5Hc; Confectioners' A, sVie; Magnolia
A. 4»ic; Extra C, 4H; Golden C. 44c: barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, Vie more; boxes,
more; 50-Hi bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. s* s c: boxes. 64c per It).
LirMßEß— Retail prices are as follows: Fine,
ordinary sizes. $16f17: extra sizes higher;
Redwood. $17@1S for No. 1 and $li@l« for No.
2: Lath. 4 feet, $2 2*?j2 30: Pickets. $1S: Shin
gles $1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy:
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21027
"COTTON*— The China, steamer took out 6203
bales for Japan.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 23. 190 ft.
Flour, qreks 10,218|Hay. tons 253
Wheat, ctls 960 ptraw, tons 8
Barley, ctls 1,680 Heps, bags 48
Butter, ctls 369 Wool, bags 8
Cheese, ctls 26 Eggs, dozen 8.420
Tallow, ctls 238 Chicory, bbls 10
Beans, sks 7So,Quicksilver. flasks 144
Potatoes slcs 2.703i0T1ne. gallons 41,800
Onions, sks 73l Leather, rolls 13«
Bran, sks 710! Hides. No 77S
Middlings, sks 510j Pelts, bdls 430
Sugar, sks I.looi
OREGON.
Potatoes, ska lHiOats. ctls BSO
slow. Including butchers' stock; Texans strong
for steers, but bulls 10@15c lower; stockers and
feeders steady; calves 25c higher than la»t
week; good to choice. $5 25<g6 40; poor to me
dium, .s4ies; mixed stockers. $3 25@3 S5: selected
feeders, $4 25®4 90; good to choice cows, $3 40©
4 50; heifers, S3 25.fz5; eanners. $2 20®2 90; bulls.
$2 25®4 25; calves, "s4 50©7 85; fed Texas beeves.
$4®4 90.
HOGS— Market 6c lower than yesterday's
average; fair clearance; mixed and butchers ,
$4 Es@s 474; good to choice heavy. $4 70©4 80;
rough heavy, $4 55@4 65; light, $4 43<g4 65: bulk
of sales. <$4 60@4 70.
SHEEP— Steady and active; lambs strong:
native wethers, $4 50@5; lambs, $4 7506 50;
Western wethers, $4 40@'4 85; Western lambs,
$s<g6 35.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 25,000; sheep.
18.000.
10c; Carrots, 306 40c per sack; Loa Angeles Sum
mer Squaeh. 75c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10
per ton. j
Poultry and Game.
Two more cars of Eastern went on yester
day. The Poultry market shows little change,
good stock meeting with a fair demand. Tur
keys are still quiet.
Game was somewhat higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12®130 for Oob
blers and 12513 c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
IZ-aiSc; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2; Goslings, $1 75
<g2; Ducks, $4fs"s for old and $4!U)o for young;
Hens, $3 50@4 60; Young Roosters, $5@5 50; Old
Roosters. J 4 ©l 60; Fryers. $4 5055; Broilers. $t
©4 50 for large and $3fe"3 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 Z0 per dozen for old and $2 50® 3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, a 23@1 50; Mallard, $3^4 50.
Canvasback, $3@4 50; Sprig. *i®3 50; Teal, $1 50
@1 75; Widgeons, $2i??2 25; Small Duck. $1 50;
Doves. 75c per dozen; Hare. $1 50; Rabbits, $1 75
©2; Gray Geese. $3 30(54; White, $1 50; Brant,
$1 75@3; Honkers. $5: English Snipe, $2 50#3 per
dozen; Jock Snipe, $1 25;gl 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Some dealers are Inclined to advajice cream
ery Butter, but they are in the minority.
Marin dairy descriptions are firm, but south
ern dairies show no Improvement. Cheese is
weak and plentiful.
Eggs are showing more steadiness, and store
Eggs are in demand, for they can be retailed
at 25c. Prices are now down to a point where
Eastern can hardly be imported at a profit, so
no more are expected for the present. Ranch
Ekes show no change, and the firmness lies
chiefly in the store grades.
BUTTER- •
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c; seconds, 224
@24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22®224c; good to choice. 19®
20c; common, 13@174c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old. 104 c;
Young America. ll@114c; Eastern, 154@16c;
Western, 134©15 c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@19c for store and 20®
224 c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, 15®17c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Orances are once more in good supply and
weak at a further decline. Lemons and Limes
are dull and weak, with liberal supplies. Ap
ples are in abundant supply and slow of sale.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s®6sc per box for common, 75c@$l
for good, $1 254T1 60 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries. $4®7; Coos
Bay Cranberries, $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50^2 25
per box; Seedlings. 50c(<t'$l 23: Pomelos. $I@2 50;
Lemons. $I'3l 50 for common and $2<52 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 50®:>; Cali
fornia Limes, 25535 c: Bananas. $1 "li'SS per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 £o®4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market for everything under this head is
quieter, even Honey being in leas demand and
weak. Some reductions in fruits will be seen.
The supply, while not large, is in excess of the
demand.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 44c for
40-EO'p, 4@lVic for f>o-60's. 34e for 60-70's. SUo
for 70-SO's. 3c for SO-ftO's and 2*ic for 90-100's.
Apricots, ll®l3c for Royals, 124@16c for Moor
parks and 12©14 c for Blenheims; Peaches. 54®
6c for Standards, 6%f?6*ic for choice and 7@Sc
for fnncy; Peeled Peaches, 10@124c; Evapo
rated Apples. 6@7c; Sun-dried, EiQs4e per lb;
Nectarines, Bi@)9c; Pears, 34 f S i *Hc for dark and
7<fiSc for bright halves; Black Figs. 21J24c;
White Figs, 2@3c: Bleached Plums, S&9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@74c for pitted and 14c for
unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib. 10c: choice, 9c: standard, So; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, % l ie: choice. 74c; standard, 64c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 54c;
3-crown. 6*4 c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers.
2-crown. $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in i"*allfornla.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c; Walnuts. S'S'Sc for
standards and PtfilOc for BOftshell; Almonds,
114*3120 for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4i?
6c for hardshell: Peanuts. K^'Se^ic for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts. 74'g:Sc; Fil
berts, 12'g'l2 l Ac; Pecans, ll'JUc; Cocoanuts, $4 50
@5.
HONEY— Comb. UU/fii2c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 77 3 *c;
llcht amber extracted, 7Vi'B"4c; dark, 54Q6c
per lb.
The market Is still firm, with a good chance
for the season, though the expected advance
has not vet occurred.
BEESWAX— 2-JOKc Der lb.
Provisions.
The market is ytlll firm, with a good demand
for the season, though the expected advance has
not yet occurred.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9*ic per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light, 12c
for extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 124<813c; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per Ib. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6-% (37c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SVic; lf>-lb tins, S*ic; 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7HG7^c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The last uteamer for Victoria took out for
Boston SO.EOO lbs scoured Wool, valued at $38,
950. and 27.657 lbs grease Wool, at $8858.
The Wool market is firm, but not active, there
being little stock here to work on. Hides are in
fair demand and steady, and Tallow is also
selling well. Hops are steady, and the recent
large sales In the country have greatly reduced
stocks.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 114 c: medium, lie; light, 104 c; Cow
hides, lie: Stags, 74c: Salted Kip, 104 c: Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound, lS@l9c: culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf. lS@2oc;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20(fr3oc each; short Wool,
Sj'TjCOc each; medium, 70890 c; long Wool. $I£2
1 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 25®2 75 for large,
and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s@R4c per lb; No.
2, 3Mj<fi4c; refined, 64c; grease. 24@3c.
WOOL-
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9®loc; South
ern. 8©10 c; Middle County, ll<j?13c; Humboldt
and Mend'ocino, 17'9'20c: Eastern Oregon, 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, WS2OC: Northern Mountain,
free. Il@l4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10@
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are In fair supply, except small, which
are scarce. Beef and Mutton show no further
change, the latter being scarce and the former
plentiful.
BEEF-6y t t7c per lb for Steers and 6@6%c
for Cows.
VEAL— S@IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@S4c; ewes, 74@Sc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 15c; yearlings, B®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. {,%c for small, 54<go%c for
medium and 6©64 c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, s@sVtc; dressed Hogs, 7@B4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— In view of the strong statistical posi
tion of the market the price of San Quentin
Bags has been advanced to $5 63. Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool Bags, 28®30c.
COAL— The market continues very firm, and
dealers say that the recent arrivals of over
23,000 tons will be exhausted In ten days. The
tone is very strong. Wellington, $8 per ton;
New Wellington, $S; Southfleld Wellington,
$7 &0; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Wallsend, $S; Co-operative Wallsend, $S: Scotch.
; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 50 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Can
nel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. $I^l 50; To-
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 40@3 for
black and white; Peaches, $1 65@1 90; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots, $1 20®l 70; Plums, $1 20@
140.
COFFEE— Costa Rica — 13%@16c nominal for
prime washed; 110124 c nominal for good
washed; H4(g'lsc nominal for good to prime
washed poaberry; !>4jj'llc nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10@12c nominal for good to
prime: Sig9&c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans: 8(58v4c nominal for fair; 5®
7^o nominal for common to ordinary. Salva
dor— 94013 c nominal for good to prime washed:
7%@B : >ic nominal for fair washed; 9U@li4c
nominal for good to prime washed peaberry:
"^G^Tio nominal for good to prime semi
washed; SMriffS^c for superior unwashed; BVic
for good green unwashed: 9g94c nominal for
good to primo unwashed peaberry: 6^4®7c nom
inal for common to ordinary. Nicaragua— l4®
lG'/Jc nominal for prime to fancy washed; B@llc
nominal for fair to good washed: S'gSVic nom
inal for good to superior unwashed; 9@94c
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 144@1 | » 1 ,»c for prime
to fancy washed new crop; HVi©l3c for strict
ly good washed, new crop; 10®llo for good
washed, new crop: S4f?9 -l ie for fair washed:
T^tjSHc for medium; 6117 c for Inferior to or
dinary; 11<313c fcr good to prime washed pea
berry: 9©9',»c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry: SViS'S^ic nominal for good to
BUporior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 28<S~30c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@27c; Sole Leather, light,
2f4i27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, 255J26c: Harness Leather, heavy,
32@33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30@32; Har
ness Leather, light. 2!>ft3oc; Collar Leather, 15®
lCc per foot; Kip,, finished, 40<®50c per lb; Veal,
finished, 60@55c; calf, finished. TScg^l 20; sides!
finished, 16<>rl7c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14
©163: Rough Splits. B©loc per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
66c; raw, 64c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c: No. 1, 49c: cases,
5c more; China Nut, 61.fi C5c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; Whale oil, natural white, 324 c; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, White and House
colors, $1 2.".<?1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@
2 25 per gallon. >..i . 1 .w
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— "Water-
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 6 SH 5 SVi
Closing 5 BT4 6 84
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening IS 95 20 00
Closing 19 05 19 95
Flour — .
Opening 25 00 26 15
Closing 25 3S 26 25 •
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— Special cable, and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in the available supply
as compared with last accounts:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, .Increase, 646,000 bushels
' afloat for and In Europe, Liverpool Corn Trade
News, decrease, 1,900,000 bushels; total supply
decrease, 1.254.000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 775,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 412,000 bushels.
Among the more important increases reported
not given in the official visible supply Rtate
1 ment are those of SOO.OOO bushels 'at Northwest
Interior elevators and 50,000 at Chicago private
elevators.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 37,000 bushels last week.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jap. 23.-CATTLE-Oenerally
Foreign Futures.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. January 23.
Stmr Progreso. Zolling, 90 hours from Ta
coraa.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 hours from,
San Die~o. etc.
Stmr Jeanle. Mason. 4 days 13 hours from
Departure Bay.
Stmr L&kme. Schage. 4 days 20 hotirs from
Tacoma.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen. 91 hours from
Comox.
Bktn City of Papeete, Lund. 33 day» from
Tahiti.
Schr Sparrow, Dart. 7 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. January 23.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gilboy. Comox: S P Co.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Broomhead. Manila; U 3
Government.
Schr Lena Sweasey. Johnson. Mazatlan; Wm,
Tuesday. January S3.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Crua.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Eureka.
Stmr State of California. Ga«*. Astovia.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlgglns. Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson. San Pedro.
Schr Nettie. Low. Low. Point Reyes,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN
Nov 19. lat 42 S. lon 7G W— Br ship Retlance.
from Hafflbnra, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM
Per ichr Sparrow— Jan 2L anchored off Fair
way buoy In eight fathoms of water: Jan 23. at
sam lost anchor and 35 fathoms of chain.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
"WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters ax Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occar at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) a bout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is th» same at both places.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daj's.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S4Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sicht — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars — 48
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 355, with
an occasional charter. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 47,000,
against 10.450 tons on the sa:ne date last year;
disengaged, 16,750 tons, against ?4,400: on the
way to this port, 167,000 tons, against 197,400.
WHEAT— Liverpool was lower and Paris
higher.
Chicago was unsettled, going up, down and up
again, in sympathy with irregular foreign mar
kets. There were mere buyers than sellers.
Coarse grains were weak. The- foreigners
bought futures freely, but no shippers were In
market. Receipts were dlmlnshlng.
The local market was quiet ami unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96H©9T',4c; milling,
9S%c6sl 02' A.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls.
$1 00%. December— 6ooo, $1 047*.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls. $1 004: 4000,
$1 00%. December~2ooo. $1 044: 2000, $1 04»i-
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 00-y 4 . December— 2ooo, $1 04%.
Regular Afternoon Session— December— €ooo
ctls. $1 04»i. May-6000, $100%; 2000. 100%.
BARLEY— The market continues very dull,
and quotations show no change. Speculation
on call has been dead for several months.
Feed >. r .'?i774c for No. 1 and 65'a"2'/ic for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80<3S7>4c;
Chevallc-r, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning. Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings are plentiful and neglected.
Prices remain as before.
White, $1 10W1 30; Red. $1 074@l 20; Gray.
$1 07401 17U, ; Black, 974c®$l 074-
CORN— The market continues very dull at the
old quotations. Mixed Eastern Is especially
neglected. Eastern White is quoted at 95c@
$1 024 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 05@l 10;
mixed, 97V>cg$L
RYE— slffl O. r > per ctl. The market has been
dull for a^lor.2 time.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Algoa took out 50.986 bbls Flour to China
and Japan.
FLOUR— California family extras. $2 60(33 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 2.">€'3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for superfine.
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices In eacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour $7: Corn Meal. $2 50; Oat
Groats. $4 £0; Hominy. $3 26@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4fj4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$1.".C; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels) $r>@7 25; in sacks. $5 75'g7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has again Rdvanced 60c. Hay and Feed
stuffs are unchanced. and both are quiet.
BRAN— sl4^ir> per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7O2O per ton
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $14®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing.
$27 CO'SZS; Cocoanut Cake. $20^21 ; Corn Meal.
j:3«24; Ci-u-ked Corn, $23 60® 24 50; Mixed Feed,
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal. 128 per ton.
HAY— Wheat $7 sfxJ?B 50 for common to good
and $!>SJO M) for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@3;
Oat. $6f.0@8; Barley. $. r .®6 R0; Alfalfa. $5@S per
ton: coniDresspil, $7(510 per ton. .'• -
STRAW— 2s<tfsoc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Firmness continues to characterize the Bean
market, and the demand Is still good. There is
no chance In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos $3 25@3 50: small White. $2 90
03 10; large White. $2 60® 2 SO; Pinks, $2 50@
2 7S; Reds. S3 75(3:4; Blackeye, $4 50@4 75; But
ters, nominal; Lima, $i 10&5 20; Pea, $35"3 25;
Red Kidneys, $4'ff4 25.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3@3V4c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4gMHc; Flax. J190@2 20; Canary. 3Ue per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7®
8c: Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4@4V.c; Timothy. 4©
4%C.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 Eo®l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 SO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are very weak and dull, as the Ore
gon steamer fallinc due to-morrow Is expected
to bring over 11,000 sacks. She also has 1010
sacks of Onions. Vegetables are about the
same. Tomatoes are scarce.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85@90c; River Reds.
Csig7sc; Burbanks. tO@Ssc per sack; Salinas
Burbanks. $14^125; Oregon Burbanks, Ssc@sl 20;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 5001 60 for Merced; New Po
tatoes, volunteer, 2©24 c.
ONIONS— JI 25^1 75 uer ctl for all kinds
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 24@5c per lb;
String Beans, s®7c: Cabbage, 40g50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes,' $li^2; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 124 c; Dried Okra, 124 c per lb; Gar
lic, 6@7c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles, 4@
5c for Chile and 10c for Bell; Dried Peppers. S®
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull on the morning session,
and the only noteworthy change was In Contra
Costa Water, which sold up to $75.
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship advanced
to $37 and Contra Costa Water to $7."> 50. There
were sales of Pacific Gas at $15 75'54S 124.
Oil e>tock9 were quiet, with no changes worthy
of note.
The Exchequer Mining Company has levied
an assessment of Be.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 23—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— jCent L & P.... — ;
4s quar coup.. — — iEquit G L Co. 44 5
4s quar reg — 114V4 'Mutual L Co.. 13'^ —
4s quar niew... — — OG L 4 H... tl 444
Is quar coup.'. 110*4 — !Pac Gas Imp.. — 47
Miscellaneous— 'Pac Light Co.. 45 —
Cal-.«t Cab 55.. 1154 — iS F G & E Cl 4 52
C C Water ss..lo*>ailo7V4San. 10*>ail07V4San Francisco. 4Ti —
Ed L& P C 5..130 — iStockton Gas.. 12 —
F4 Cl Ry 65.. 115 — ! Insurance —
Geary-st R ss. — S5 'Flrem's Fund. 22o —
H C & S :.Hs..lo<l HI I Bank Stocks—
HC & S T. 3....1044 — !Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A Ry 55. ...104%— IBank of Ca1.. .400 —
LAL Co 55... — — Cal S D & T.. 974 —
Do gtnd 65.. — — IFirst Nationl..2so —
Do gntd 55..102%103 ;Lon P & A. ...131 1324
LA& P R ss. IC2 104 ! Merchants' Ex — 1«
Market-st 65. ..1:54 — !Nev Nat 8k... — 130
Do Ist M 55. .117 11S*4 Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — 103 |Ger S & L...1750 —
NR of Cal 68.113 — Hum S & L.. — —
NR of Cal 55.1134 — |Mut Say Bk.. 41 43
NPC R R 6a. 103 — 8 F Say L'...jrK) —
NPC R R 65. 106 — jSav & L C 0... 74 7J
N C R R 55. ..103 — iSec Say 8k... — —
OGL & H 55.10S 110 ! Union T C 0... — —
Oak Trans 65.. — 113 j Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 5*. .105 1064 i California 117 120
Oceanic SS Co.lo4»iloo'iiGeary-st 50 —
Om C Ry C5...12«412S '.Market-st Ry.. €14 61« i
P&CI Ry 65.. 104 105 OS L & H.... — 5"
Pk 4O Ry 6s. — — Presidio — 224
Powell-st R 6s. — 121 Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&R5s — 100 California 160 175
SF & N P Es.ll3li — |E Dynamite... 85 —
SF & SJV 55. 116^ — IGiant Con Co.. S4 944
S Ry of Cal 6s: — 103 iVigortt 2\ 3
SPof A 69....110%110*i Sugar Stocks—
S P C 6s(l3os).lo9iillOUiHana P C 0.... 74 7H
SP C 6s(1906).lll — |Haw C&S Co S6*i 87',i
S P C 65(1912).103 — IHonokaa S Co. Zn —
S P C Is eg ss. — • — I Hutch S P Co. 264 —
SPBr 6s 1244— |Kilauea S Co.. — 27
S V Wat 6s 115 1154!Makaweli S Co 434 —
S V Wat 45.... 104 104^ Onomea S Co.. 27*4 —
BY W 45(3dm).102% — Paauhau S Co. 27»fe 23
Stktn Gas 65. .101 105 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack A55n. 1194120
Contra Costa.. 73\* 75** Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — S Co.. 96% 974
Spring Valley. -33% 94 Pac AF A l\ 2 7 »
Gas & Electric— iPac C Bor Co. .143 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — \ Par Paint Co.. 9V4 —
Morninr Session.
Board—
JO Spring Valley Water 93 60
85 Honokaa Plantation Co 3D o<>
35 Onomea Plantation Co 27 50
345 Hana Plantation Co 7 124
40 Hana Plantation Co 7 37"^
50 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 7 50
200 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 7 25
15 Contra Costa Water 75 00
10 Hutchinson Sugar Co 26 62^
tO San Francisco Gas & Elecrlc Co 5 GO
6 Howalian Com & Sugar Co 87 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$5000 Oceanic S S Co 105 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 00
$5000 Northern Ry 5s 114 00
M S F Gas & Electric Co 51 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 87^
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 10 51 87H
CO Market Street Railway 61 S2*j
10 Hutchinson Sugar Co 26 62'j
140 Onomea Sugar Co 27 25
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 119 50
40 Oceanic S S Co 98 60
15 Oceanic S S Co 97 00
$M 000 R F & N P R R Bonds ......113 25
15 S V Water 93 75
25 Contra Costa Water 75 00
6 Contra Costa Water 75 37*4
45 Contra Costa Water 75 23
150 Contra Costa Water 75 50
6 Giant Powder Con 94 50
10 Giant Powder Con ". 94 25
5 Pacific Gas 45 7a
20 Pacific Gas 48 00
30 Pacific Gas 46 12tf
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 120 00
100 Equitable Gas 4 87H
E0 Honokaa Sugar Co, s 10 30 124
EO Paauhau Sugar Co 27 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 95 60
20 S F Gas & Electric 82 00
25 S F Gas & Electric 51 87>£
10 S F Gas & Electric 81 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 87H
, Afternoon Session.
Board — ;
$1000 Cal St Cable Ss us 00
100 Equitable Gas ¦. 4 75
20 Onomea Sugar Co 27 60
20 S F Gas & Electric- 61 87%
20 S F Gas & Electrlo 51 75
20 Spring Valley Water 93 62H
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
800 Century 1 25
400 Anaconda, 1 00
100 Yukon 145
Afternoon Session.
.„ . Board 7~
EOO Anaconda 1 CO
Street—
E0 Yukon 145
PRODUCER'S OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Burlington \ oq
150 Burlington \ 05
100 National c, gtu
100 National 6 75
100 National c 62H
£0 San Luis 5 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Burlington 1 00
100 Home .Oil 395
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 121 200 Hale & Norc... 41
100 Best & Belcher. 231 600 Kentuck 03
ICO Chollar 28 j 200 Mexican 36
100 Con Cal & Va..l 6S! 300 Potosl 33
100 Confidence 6S! 300 Sierra Nevada . ol
100 Gould & Curry. 24 I
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge 20 500 Potosl 34
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55 200 Potosi 33
200 Ophir 69 400 Sierra Nevada.. 49
Following were the eales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 03 1 200 Gould & Curry. 24
50 Caledonia 60 mo Ophir 71
500 Chollar 27 200 Ophlr ." 70
425 Carters G M Co 35 200 Savage 17
150 Carters GM Co 36 200 Sierra Nevada. 51
50 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. 50
250 C C & Va 1 62H 300 Utah 05
UOO Con Cal & Va..l 60
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes OS I 100 Potosi 33
650 Andes 07 1 400 Potosi v
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts. 34,-
SOO bbls: exports, 20,000. Sales, 6750 packages.
The market was fairly active at old prices,
¦which buyers showed more willingness to meet,
and closed firm. Minnesota patents, $3 75@4;
Minnesota bakers', $2 75@S; winter patents, $3 50
@3SO; winter straights. $S 355JT3 45; extras, $2 5i
©2 58; winter low grades. $2 25®2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 13.600 bushels; exports,
92,175 bushels. Salea 1,985.000 bushels futures.
48,000 bushels spot. Spot— Market firm; No. 2
red, "LVt.O I. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 2 red, 73\4c
elevator. Options opened steady and at once
advanced sharply on bullish winter Wheat crop
news and foreign buying, supplemented by very
strong French markets. Later In the day prices
were upheld by North and Southwest buying
and a ecarctty of sellers, closing strong at
H^*4c net advance. No. 2 red, March, closed at
H\c; May 72 9-16(J?73<ic, closed 7Siic; July
HlDES— Steady.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed firm, with prices 5
@10 points higher. Total sales, 25,000 bags, in
cluding: March. $6SO@6 90; May. $6 90<S7 15:
July. S7 OR@7 20; September, $7 20@7 35; October,
$7 20(57 30: December. $7 30^7 50. Spot Coffee—
Rio. steady. Mild— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. strong ; hold higher. Refined,
firm, but quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8555 packages; market
firm; June creamery, 201?23Vf>c; Western cream
ery, 21«rj25c; factory. lSff2oc.
EGGS — Receipts, 14.760 packages; market
steady; State and Pennsylvania, 21c; Western,
21c. loss off; Western ungraded at mark, 14@19c.
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated Apples were in moderate demand,
but as offerings were liberal and country ad
vices unfavorable, the market was easy at the
close, with the tendency downward.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6<S6%c; prime. 7@7>4c; choice, 7?i@Bc; fancy. Sh-i
©9c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— S^S^c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13<ffloe; Moorpark, loffflßc
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20§23c; unpeeled. 7W><Sloc.
New York Metal Market.
NOT* YORK, Jan. 23.— METALS— A further
eharp uplift in the price of spelter and drop
in tinware were the leading- features of inter
est to-day. The former was largely a sympa
thetic move with London, while the latter re
sulted from a shrinkage In demand, predomi
nance of sellers and unfavorable news from
outside markets. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 50.
TlN— Weak and unsettled at $27 50, nominal
LEAI>-Steady, $4 70@4 75; Spelter, firmer,
$4 7^4 80.
The brokers' price for Lead Is $4 45 and for
Copper, $16 SO.
New York Grain and Produce.
Boston Wool Market.
200 Chollar 2S ' COO Potosl tS
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60 3"<i Savage 1»
100 Hale & Norc... 40! 200 Sierra Nevada.. 49
200 Ophlr 6S i 20") Union Con »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. January 23—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. i Bld.Aak.
Alpha 02 04!Kentuck — M
Alta 02 CtlLady Washjrton 02 —
Andes 07 C3;Mexlcan S3 »4
Belcher 11 12 Occidental IS 20
Best & Belcher 27 28 Dphlr 89 70
Bullion 04 05 Overman 06 07
Caledonia 43 M Potosl 33 34
Chollar 27 28 Savage 17 13
Challenge Con.. 13 20. Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 65 63 Seg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 16: Bierra Nevada.. 49 50
Con Imperial... — 01 FUver Hill 03 05
Con Xew York.. — 04 fit Louis r 0.
Crov.-n Point... 12 13 Standard 2502 30
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry. 23 21. Union Con .... tf> 31
Haie a Norc... 40 41iUtah 04 <J5
Julia — C2|Vellow Jacket.. 23 2*
Justice- 03 04; - ¦_;
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
' Time Ball.
Branch HydrographSa Office. 17. 8. N.. Mer
chants" Kxehange. San Francisco. Cal..
January 23, ISOO.
The time bail on the tower of th* now Ferry
bulldlr.z was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of th» 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
10
OTOth Meridian— Pacific Tims.)
6AN FRANCISCO. Jan. IS— 5 p. nv
The following are the seasonable rainfalls
to date, at compared with those of the Fame
date last season and rainfall In last twenty
fniir hours:
I T>i^.
Steamer.
R. Adamson...
• i —
..IN:
.'Jan.
It
m 1
Volumnla
Chaa. Nelson..
(ami
ngct
iburg
¦t Sound
IJan. :
Jan. :
-•4
mook
Jan. :
TlllamooK
land
Jan. :
25
Columbia
a
Coos Bay
••!*'
port
IJan. 1
It.. •
25
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
ulnt
resc
t Arena
cent City
Jan. 1
Jan. :
25
Arcata
Matteawan —
Bay -~
ox
Jan. !
Jan. :
Czarina
:t Sound
Jan. :
25
Miami
IJan. :
2*
Corona
North Fork
Diego _
boldt
Jan. :
Jan. :
21
27
Curacao
tetU
Jan. i
2T
Queen
Orizaba ...
A. Blanchard..
San Fedro
lcto
uml
c-os
in F
jrla & Puffet Sour
boldt
Bay
Pedro
d
"i
a
Jan. :
IJan. :
{Jan. !
(Jan. :
27
n
B
Samoa
ZK
Samoa
Bristo;
Aloha
Lady Jolcey....
jture Bay
:ent City
a and Japan
Jan. :
Jan. :
Jan. !
2i
itftt
2>
Bonlta
Nippon Maru. .
a. and Japan
|Jan. 5
3>
San Bias
Jan. :¦
3)
Australia
Jan. :
n
AUStnulA
State of Cal...
Jan. i
Panta Rosa
Jan. :
Steamer. I
I Dcs
?
I Pier.
Aloha !
Zi.
!Pler I
iy» Harbor;.
;Jan
2*.
China j
na& Japan!.
iPMSS
Mr ana
Orizaba.
Moana
Sydi
Hun
.JSyd:
I*.
24.
a,
8 prr.
2 pm;
, 8 pmi
Pier T
Pier »
PI«T T
Santa Rosa.
Excelsior ..I
,San
JAlas
i Diego 1.
ska
Pier H
I Pier 34
Samoa i
25.
Umatllla ..;
Coquill© R-.
& Pet Sd.j.
i>-3 Harbor 1
Mi
27.
Pier »
!Pler 23
Coos Itay...|
I New
rport j.
2T.
9 am
Pier 11
Pt. Arena..
Nt Arena.. .
2 pm;
;Pler 2
Arcata
|Jan
Z7.
tJan
! Pler 24
toiumuia ..1
Pan Pedro..]
C. Nelson...
Spujt
ret Sound.. t
, 10 am;
•iPler 3
Corona
i Rlanrh'r!
|Saa
11 am
. 10 am:
A. Blancna
North Fork!
Bonita i
;'Hur.
;San
is uay
r.iholdt !
, Pedro i
3').
31.
. 9am
i 9 am,
i rier v
i Pier 2
i, Pier 11
Volumnla ..
.jWes
•st Coast...';
Queen
Lady Joleey
: & Pgt Sd.|
r a* Japan
, 13 am!
1 pmi
i;Pl«r »
li
State of Cal
-tland i
:.
Pier Jl
Sun rises ...
Sun sets ...
7:»
5:24
Moon rises .
1:04 >. nu
H Time
a H TV
Time! I Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. TV H TV I* TV
24 ... 4:50
25 ... 5:36
X. TV
26 ... 0:23
27 ... 1:34
2S ... 2:36
29 ... 3:30
30 ... 4:22
I
5.2 12:14 1.2 7:21 ».4 U:lo %.»
5.4 l:U 0.6 8:35 S.«
H TV L TV H TV
3.2 6:31 5.5 2:05 0.1 9:30 4.0
5.2 7:31 5.6j 2:55—0.3 10:15 4.3
3.5 8:30 6.5- 3:40—0.8! 10:55 * i
3 0 9:2S i-(> 4:21—0-" 11:33 5.9
2.7 10:21| 6.0j s:od| 0.71
i.
a :
rs. se
1. •-:
IT. i
13.:
0.00
0.00
15
12.il
**. t*
4.F.7
2.60
Sun rises ...
Sun sets ...
7:»
5:24
Moon rises .
1:04 >. nu
H Time
a H TV
Time! I Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. TV H TV I* TV
24 ... 4:50
25 ... 5:36
X. TV
26 ... 0:23
27 ... 1:34
2S ... 2:36
29 ... 3:30
30 ... 4:22
I
5.2 12:14 1.2 7:21 ».4 U:lo %.»
5.4 l:U 0.6 8:35 S.«
H TV L TV H TV
3.2 6:31 5.5 2:05 0.1 9:30 4.0
5.2 7:31 5.6j 2:55—0.3 10:15 4.3
3.5 8:30 6.5- 3:40—0.8! 10:55 * i
3 0 9:2S i-(> 4:21—0-" 11:33 5.9
2.7 10:21| 6.0j s:od| 0.71
Steamer. I
I Dcs
?
I Pier.
Aloha !
Zi.
!Pler I
iy» Harbor;.
;Jan
2*.
China j
na& Japan!.
iPMSS
Mr ana
Orizaba.
Moana
Sydi
Hun
.JSyd:
I*.
24.
a,
8 prr.
2 pm;
, 8 pmi
Pier T
Pier »
PI«T T
Santa Rosa.
Excelsior ..I
,San
JAlas
i Diego 1.
ska
Pier H
I Pier 34
Samoa i
25.
Umatllla ..;
Coquill© R-.
& Pet Sd.j.
i>-3 Harbor 1
Mi
27.
Pier »
!Pler 23
Coos Itay...|
I New
rport j.
2T.
9 am
Pier 11
Pt. Arena..
Nt Arena.. .
2 pm;
;Pler 2
Arcata
|Jan
Z7.
tJan
! Pler 24
toiumuia ..1
Pan Pedro..]
C. Nelson...
Spujt
ret Sound.. t
, 10 am;
•iPler 3
Corona
i Rlanrh'r!
|Saa
11 am
. 10 am:
A. Blancna
North Fork!
Bonita i
;'Hur.
;San
is uay
r.iholdt !
, Pedro i
3').
31.
. 9am
i 9 am,
i rier v
i Pier 2
i, Pier 11
Volumnla ..
.jWes
•st Coast...';
Queen
Lady Joleey
: & Pgt Sd.|
r a* Japan
, 13 am!
1 pmi
i;Pl«r »
li
State of Cal
-tland i
:.
Pier Jl
i.
a :
rs. se
1. •-:
IT. i
13.:
0.00
0.00
15
12.il
**. t*
4.F.7
2.60
I T>i^.
Steamer.
R. Adamson...
• i —
..IN:
.'Jan.
It
m 1
Volumnla
Chaa. Nelson..
(ami
ngct
iburg
¦t Sound
IJan. :
Jan. :
-•4
mook
Jan. :
TlllamooK
land
Jan. :
25
Columbia
a
Coos Bay
••!*'
port
IJan. 1
It.. •
25
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
ulnt
resc
t Arena
cent City
Jan. 1
Jan. :
25
Arcata
Matteawan —
Bay -~
ox
Jan. !
Jan. :
Czarina
:t Sound
Jan. :
25
Miami
IJan. :
2*
Corona
North Fork
Diego _
boldt
Jan. :
Jan. :
21
27
Curacao
tetU
Jan. i
2T
Queen
Orizaba ...
A. Blanchard..
San Fedro
lcto
uml
c-os
in F
jrla & Puffet Sour
boldt
Bay
Pedro
d
"i
a
Jan. :
IJan. :
{Jan. !
(Jan. :
27
n
B
Samoa
ZK
Samoa
Bristo;
Aloha
Lady Jolcey....
jture Bay
:ent City
a and Japan
Jan. :
Jan. :
Jan. !
2i
itftt
2>
Bonlta
Nippon Maru. .
a. and Japan
|Jan. 5
3>
San Bias
Jan. :¦
3)
Australia
Jan. :
n
AUStnulA
State of Cal...
Jan. i
Panta Rosa
Jan. :CONCESSION TO CHINESE.
Immigrants Denied a Landing May
Pass Through the Country.
Port Collector Jackson has been noti
fied by the Secretary of the Treasury
that in all cases where Chinese are de
nied a landing at this port and ordered
deported, they may go in transit through
the country to any other country. The
applicant so denied and wishing to go in
transit must file a bond in the sum of
$300 that he will not remain in this coun
try', and the bondsmen may be released
upon the certificate of the Collector of
the Port at the point of exit.
County Officials Complimented.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 23.— The Grand Jury
filed its report this afternoon. No Indict
ments were returned. The expert's report
showed the books of the county officials
correct, not an error of any kind bein?
found. The Jury highly complimented tho
officials on their ability, courtesy ami cor
rectness of accounts. According to tho
expert's report it costs the county 12-»
cents per meal for each prisoner in tho
County Jail.
Ready for Confirmation.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— Sidney Jacobs, the
youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. M. Jacobs,
"will be confirmed on Saturday. January
27, at the congregation of Beth Jacob, on
Harrison street, between Fourth and
Fifth. There will be a reception at the
Jacobs home on Saturday and Sunday.
Oakland Office San Francisco, Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 23.
THE secret marriage of Lulu
Xoye, stepdaughter of Craigie
Sharp, secretary of the Oak
land Board of Trade, and
Leigh H. Robins, a young
bookkeeper employed at J. H. McDon
ald's real estate office, leaked out to
night.
The news will be received as a great
surprise by Oakland society. The fact
of their marriage has been guarded
with the most remarkable and strict
est secrecy for over two years, not
even the parents of the young couple
having ever had the slightest Inkling
until to-day, when the bride gently
broke the news to her mother.
The couple have never lived to
gether as man and wife, and but for
the fact that the young platonic hus
band had of late been posing in the
Bwellest of local society as a single
man— a pose that apparently aroused
the Ire of the neglected bride— the de
tails of the elopement would have
continued in its cloak of secrecy for
ever and anon. The elopement was
arranged by telephone.
The truth of Lulu N'oye's story as
told by her to her mother to-day Is
clearly borne out by the marriage rec
ords of Santa Clara County. The rec
ords there show that on August 21,
1537, at San Jose, a license was issued
by Deputy County Clerk J. M. Shllue
to Leigh H. Robins, a native of Vir
ginia, resident of San Francisco, aged
21 years, and Lulu Noe. native of Cal
ifornia, resident of San Francisco, aged
18 years. It will be seen that the true
place of residence (Oakland) was not
given, nor was the bride's name cor
rectly spelled. The marriage was
solemnized at San Jcse on the same
day by L. Delos Mansfield, minister of
the Protestant Episcopal Church
there, the witnesses being Efizabeth
M. and Jennette Mansfield, wife and
daughter-in-law respectively of the
officiating pastor. Two days later the
marriage was recorded.
After the ceremony the young bride
and groom hurried back to their re
spective homes in this city and a vow
was taken never to divulge their se
cret. Since then Mr. Robins has oc
casionally called on his wife at the
home of her parents, 7IS Sycamore
street, but he claims that he has been
too busy with other and more Impor
tant affairs to find time to discuss
with his bride the fact of their mar
riage, the prospect of settling down
TRYING TO ESTABLISH
HIRAM ROGERS' DEATH
HIS STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE
IS RECALLED.
Insurance Company Now Contesting
His Widow's Suit Instituted to
Recover on a Policy Held
by Him.
Mrs. Maria T.Rogers appeared in Judga
Hunt's court yesterday morning to press
her suit against the Manhattan Life In
surance Company brought to recover
$5000 on a policy upon her husband's life,
who mysteriously disappeared while on
a voyage from this city to Port Harford
aboard the steamer Santa Rosa. Hiram
K. Rogers Is the name of the alleged de
cedent. He left this city on June 9. 1597.
He was seen aboard the steamer on the
night of the 9th, and was very despond
ent. The following morning his statf
room door was found open, a coat and
hat were on the deck where. It is sup
posed, he left them, and a note ad
dressed to the captain told of his in
tention to throw himself overboard.
His death by drowning was reported
by the captain of the vessel on arriving
in port and the news was telegraphed
Mrs. Rogers. Mrs. Rogers employed a
local detective agency to clear up tho
mystery, ssid after searching for the
missing man for several months without
success notices were posted throughout
the country containing his description
and the facts relating to his disappear
ance. In the circular it was stated that
Rogers left his home June 9. 1»97. and
took passage on the steamer Santa Rosa
for Port Harford. On the arrival of th*
steamer at Port Harford Rogers was
missed. "Any information regarding hia
whereabouts," the circular continued,
"would relieve- the terrible strain from
the minds of his distressed family." No
news of his whereabouts was ever re
ceived and a few months ago suit was
filed to recover on the policy. The in
surance company filed answer In which it
was denied that Rogers was dead, an<l
the case went to trial yesterday. Mrs.
Rogers was first called to the stand an-l
told her story regarding her parting with
her husband and her anguish at learning
that he was drowned. Mrs. Rogers broku
down on the stand and wept bitterly
when she went over the details of th«
vain search for her husband. Her attor
neys next sought to Introduce the note
left by Rogers saying that he was golnt;
to throw himself overboard, but counsel
for the defense objected on the ground
that It in no way established the death
of the policy holder. Judge Hunt dis
missed the jury and counsel argued on
the admissibility of the note until the
hour of adjournment. Judge Hunt will
arive his opinion on the matter when tho
case 19 a train taker. \iv this morning.
JOAQUIN ESLABA
MUST HANG FOR
HIS AWFUL DEED
Supreme Court Will
Not Interfere.
••
AFFIRMS DEATH SENTENCE
•
MT7RDEBEB OF CHARLES GATES
MUST PAY THE PENALTY.
Death Watch Placed on the Con
demned Man, Who Has Aban
doned Himself to
Despair.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway. Jan. 23.
Trembling in every limb. Joa^uin Es
laba, the murderer of Charles Gates, his
last hope gone, crouched in a cell in the
County Jail to-night and refused to see
anybody. Every shadow looks like a
scaffold to him.
Formerly ::.-'¦' i was phlegmatic.
N'ou he if filled with a nervous apprehen
sion. The Supreme Court has decided
that he must expiate his crime on the
gallows and all hope has been aban-
Goned. Bravado has b«-en succeeded by
fear. He may walk to death like moft
men. but if lie does he will have to un
dergo a wonderful change. At present he
is broken down.
The crime of which Eslaba was con
victed was a mo?t brutal one. Two
years ago Charles Gates, a tamale
dealer in a basement store jit the corner
of Thirteenth street and Broadway, was
murdered. His h*ad was pounded to a
Jelly with a bludgeon, after which he had
been garroted.
A fraa!l amount of property was taken.
but it was not enough to convince the po
lica thst robber}- was the motive for tho
erirn«». Investigation was thorough and
action w: - prompt. As a result Eslaba
was arrc-!?... d the day after the crime was
committed while he was en route to San
Krr.ncisoo on a f*rry-b<->at. On his person
vms found property belonging to the mur
dered man. A subsequent investigation
produced conclusive proof of the prullt of
the prisoner. An irref raglble chain ot
circumstantial evidence wa* forged
around him.
After a lone trial Eslaba was found
ruilty nf murder in the first degree, and
Jucge Ogd^n. who presided in the case,
KKtenced him to be hanß«?d. An appeal
was tnken. and yesterday the Supreme
<".nurt affirmed the finding of the lower
tribunal. When the prisoner was told
thst ail hope had disappeared he became
<***^pondent.
"H*lir* he remarked. Then he relapsed
Into silence.
A death watch has been placed on him.
Judge Ogden will dMle on the day of
execution next Thursday.
Peru's university was founded by Pl-
zarro.
George Sheld Convicted.
G*orge Sheid, a fioldler, was convicted
by a Jury in Judge Dunne's court yes
terday on a charge of grand larceny.
Dragged by the Heel.
jame« Scott, a colored teamster having
his stand at Larkin and Ellis streets.
was driving down Polk etreet yesterday
afternoon when his horse slipped neir
Turk street. Scott in putting on the
brake fell forward and his heel got
caught in the brake. He was dragged
along for some distance, his head bump
ing agaii.st the cobblestones, until he
was rescued by Policeman Howard, who
happened to bo passing along the street.
Scott was taken to the Receiving Hos-
Sital. where a wound in his scalp was
ressed by Dr. Dray.
Natural Laxative Water
Has Merit : : ' Superiority.
Constipation and Hemorrhoids
IT IS UNEXCELLED.
Beware of Substitutes!
Harvard has a rifle club and a brass
band.
Public Works Matters.
At the meeting of the Board of Public
Works yesterday Commissioner Mahoney
reported that, in company with Mayor
Phelan and Sheriff Lackmann, he had
visited Branch County Jails 2 and 3 and
found them to be in urgent need of repairs.
He recommended the purchase of 100. Yale
locks for the cells, for which bids were
immediately opened. The lowest bid was
$1 47** for each lock. The contract will be
awarded this morning.
A petition from the Mutual Electric
Light Company for permission to repair
conduits and open up streets in th« vicin
ity of Market and East streets was re
ferred to the Bureau of Streets.
Custom-House Appointments.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday np
polnted E. M. Seaman as customs in
spector, vice Arthur S. Lee, resigned.
Mr. Seaman's name was taken from the
eligible list. He is a veteran of the Civil
War. Inspector Loe is a brother-in-law
of Senator Stratton of Alameda. He re
signed once before to follow the profes
sion of dentistry, but teeth were so good
and times so bad that after f.vo months*
Sheld relieved Simon Pleff of a purse con
taining $40 and was arrested on the
charge named, but denied that he had
taken the money and pointed to his pov
erty in proof. A $20 piece was found in
his shoe, however, and his inability to
account for its presence there resulted
in his conviction.
PROHIBITIONISTS
HAVE CALLED
A CONVENTION
Will Meet in Chicago
to Select Nominees.
CHICAGO. Jan. ZJ.-The following call
for the national Prohibition convention
was issued to-day:
The rational convention of the Prohibition
party to nominate candidates for President and
\»ce Pn-eident of the CniteU States and to
trar.aact «uch other buslru-ss as may properly
come before It it hereby called to meet at
the Coliseum in th* city of Chicago, at 10
o'clock a. m., on Wdne»<jay, June Zl. 1900.
The taflp of r^ironentation has been fixed
by the national commufc as follows :
Flrrt-Karh State Is entitled to four dele
tate«-at-Ur«r.
Second— Each Btxte la also entitled to twice
«.« many delegates aa the number of member*
of the lower house of Congress to which it Is
entitled
Third— Each Ftate may nend one additional
delegate for every one thousand votes or major
fructior. thereof cait for Joehua Levering for
I'r*rl4ent In ISS6.
Fourth— Each Territory it entitled to two
C^ejrates.
Flfth-The Dirtriet of Columbia li entitled
S-r. two delegates.
Sixth— Each Ftate or Territory la entitled to
as tsany alternates as Its number of delegates.
Th* time and manner of selecting these dele
rate* and alternates will be determined by the
i'rohit.iUonlFta of the varioua Staten and Ter
ritories, subject only to this provision: That
.JT*'^ Sute where the party ha« an organ
1 committee the delegates must be
cnowen by aurjj Conirressiona! or State conven
tion as the Ftate Central Committee may call
for that purpose, or by the State committee
in eucn manner as it may determine.
_? OUVnn TV. STEWART. Chairman.
TTILLIAM T. TVARDWITLL. Secretary.
"QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF"
The Comic Opera Situation.
Something of Mr. Jones'
Stage Management.
After a very pretentious but not too
successful production of "The Black Hus
sar" the Southwell Opera Company made
its first hit in San Francisco a year ago
with "The Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
And now that operetta is revived at the
Grand, with the same principals, an al
tered orchestra, a new chorus and a dif
ferent management. Comparison is inevi
table. The performance is not so good.
The reason for this is the next thing to
be considered. Is it due to the principals,
who are the same, the orchestra, which la
altered, the chorus, which is new, or the
management, which is different?
iir. Wolff is the same; Mr. Persse per
haps better than he was; Edith Mason's
voice has suffered an impairment, and
Miss Ladd has in every way deteriorated.
The orchestra is decidedly capable, though
its value la lessened by the loss of Mi.
Stmonson, who was an important factor
in all the Southwell productions. The
chorus is still so good that no serious
fault may be found with it.
It is therefore "up to" the management
to account for the falling off of. the cur
rent performance. It has simply kept the
singers too long In the harness and al
lowed some of them to sing their voices
isway utterly. The loss of blmonson, too,
was a mistake, though perhaps unavoid
able. It is now perhaps too late in the
day to mend matters and the company
must perforce remain as it is, weary and
unrelieved, until the end of its season,
which is not far distant. Had, however,
some new material been introduced in
the high places the public's interest in
the productions at the Grand would be
revivified to the advantage of all con
cerned.
"The Queen's Lace Handkerchief" is a
pleasing opera in any circumstances, and.
the present performance of it Is enjoy
able, decidedly so. The music is blithe
and catchy, and some of it, the ensembles
in particular, is being sung with good ef
fect. The linale of the second act is ad
mirable and simply compels the applause
that calls for its repetition.
The stage management Is as clever as is
all of Mr. Jones' work and more rationally
conducted than it was in "Don Caesar •
There is of course the inevitable formality
of his gToupinc, but it does not occur
where it should not, and there is plenty
of the proper kind of movement that does
r.ot suggest a checker-board stage and a
drillmaster in tho wings.
When there is a certain amount of seri
ous dramatic action in a comic opera the
chcrus and supes should be handled in a
manner that does not utterly destroy the
illusion. They should act with something
like a proper sense of the situation and
not malte things ridiculous by evoluting
in revolving stars and dissolving squares.
Mr. Jones, who is undoubtedly a man of
ideas, might take a leaf from tho book of
some grand opera stage managers and do
something deserving of the praise that is
due the handling of the Roman mob In
the American opera company's produc
tion of "Nero." He should not wait until
he is forced to break away from tradition,
as he was in Stewart and Robertson's
"His Majesty," and the success that the
clever management of the chorus in that
opera won should encourage him to adopt
the freer and infinitely more artistic tac
tics displayed therein.
' .¦-.--. PORTER GARNETT.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD KOTEI
TV X Cole & w. Mart/.
G J TVeil. X V
J A Migltav-acca, Xaim
J BrouKhton. Bn'.M
G H Gamble. Gross V
A C Mor-lsor. Placr.J
TV Marshall. Lflfayerte
X D Kercheval. CrtM
T B Hall. Sacto
J L Mlddleton * w.
Ogden
J Peterson. Ast)iU
O E Caldwell & >v.>.pa
It Kachler. Merced
H J Edwards. S Jose
Mrs A M Eames A fm.
Los Anze!»s
J B Lamkin. 9 .Io»e
J A Edwards, 3 Jose
Mrs G Oharvl'.er, Cligo
G R TVotb. X V
C J Fltzslmmons. la
Mrs DarmiV.y. Green V
H Darmody. Gr»en Val
B F Campbell & w.So
noma
P Bernhelm. Vallejo
C TV* Joyns, Skaguay j
J TV Bowen. Lo» An* j
F IniralU & w, lowa ]
' J II Carruthera. Rial to
C II Cobb. Los Ang
J A Xell. Sacto
H A Fleming. Goose L
B II TVllsin & w. S J*j
C D Elder, Tacoma
Gertie Powers. TVoodldi
T James. Auburn
F Mattison. S Cru*
J TV Dewitt. Anttoch
Mrs J Aesley Oak'.nl
F P Jackson <v- w.IJ->vl
A M Harris A w.ldho
Mrs A M Grant. S Lkj
R J Prince. Boston
O Morris. Stanford
TV Emery, w & c. Cal
Dr C Ruggles. StOCktn
T X Campbell. L Ana
C E Lniler. Xewark
C A PMlllps. Sacto
R Scott. X T
T Landry. X V
C J Gray & w. 3 Paul
T Graham. San Jose
Mrs J C TVllson. 9 Jse
J C TVl'son. San Jose
Mrs Cohen. Sulsun
M Barton. Lafayette
M O Raaf. Pleasar.ton
W Allen & w. Chlcasr>
T W Henshaw. OaklnJ
C Moody, Xapa
f'apt Gray. Merced
W P Matthews. Sacto
GMathesal. Vlsalla
Dr C Thompson. Onsm
Miss Thompson. R B1:T
TV Xoble. Cincinnati
D Ahem, Sacto
M Deterel! & w X V
G C Prentice. Willows
C 9 Peck. Moklmne II
PALACE HOTEL.
F F Sharpless. Madera
Mrs Sharpless. Madera
C Dlllman, Milwaukee
C E Lilly. Santa Cruz
A C Kennedy. N V
J McOorn-.ack, Vacarll
FA Spencer, Portland
Mm Spencer. Portland
J M Stitt. MD, Vacavll
Mrs Stltt. Vaearllle
J E McAlptne. Dawson
C F Johnson. N'apa
C B Johnson. Napa
F TV Ke'.sel. Sacto
G TV Peltier, Sacto
H O Collins. Los Ang
M Pierce. St Louis
Mrs Pierce, St Louis
C Livingston, St Paul
Mrs Livingston. StPaul
Miss Livingston. StPaul
G Livingston. St Paul
It C Rawllngs. St Lou
TV nw^kj. X T
C H O'Brien, Chicago
G TV Meacham. Seattle
Mrs Meacham. Seattle
F E Clark. Boston
Mrs Clark. Boston
A Staab. Santa Fe
Mrs L Baer. Albuqueni
Louis Jef*ld. X M
Mrs JefeM. N M
E W Clayton. San Jos<»
O H V.'i«>c»rt. Detroit
Mrs Wie*ert. Detroit
II F Lore. Minn
Mrs \* *f. Minn
Mrs TV HMfrlcb. Mlm
B Lederer. Berlin
r. f Oreston. Portnla
F F Kel'.y. Seattle
Mrs Kelly. Seattle
Mrs Puish. England
M!?ses Push. England
TV M Sims. Sacrar.ienti
Rev L F Garber. N V
J W>!»stM»ln. Grass Val
Mm TVeissbeln. GraasV
A Frazer. Kansas City
Mrs Frazer. Kansas C
I\ L. Xmjtit. Boston
C I> McPhee, Denver
J J Tucker, Gr Rapids
Mrs Tucker. Grand II
Maude Tucker, Gr Ray
Mrs Paine. Gr liapUj
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
S I> McUn*. lowa
A Stewart. Prince E I
C X McCord A w.Boat
C E Sullivan. Stckton
J P Murtha. Seattle
J Moore & w. Coalinga
O W Thomson. Coalnj
A R Moulton. Chicago
A Tyberr & w. Mass
3 Martin St w, Uklah
lira Smith, Fresno
J J H'.Etfsa. Wa-h
J Sutton. Fresno
VC O Sener, Baker»Sd
E Oerisch. Stockton
C Miller. Stockton
M!s 9 O Geriseh. Stktn
Mi's M gictndt. Stktn
C Flnb»rtr. Africa.
L B Macquaxriq, Bsta
Married by a Justice.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— Dugald McNichol
and Emma Johnson, both residents of
San Francisco, were married to-day by
Justice Stetson.
Reception by President Wheeler.
BERKELEY. Jan. 23.— The first recep
tion given by Piesident end Mrs. Wheeler
will be tendered to the graduate students
in the university next Friday evening at
the president's home in BusVinell place.
Hoeman Hysteria.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— 5. H. Wheelan
will deliver his lecture on "The Hoeman
Hysteria" before the Oakland Club to
morrow afternoon at 3 p. m. This Is the
same lecture that was delivered in San
Francisco before the Chit Chat Club.
PRAYERS FOR POLITICIANS.
Frankfort Clergymen Observe a Day
of Humiliation.
FRANKFORT. Ky., Jan. 23.— The day
of "Humiliation and Prayer." set apart
last Sunday by the ministers of several
of the local churches, was observed to
day by the Episcopal church.
The gubernatorial contest committee
to-day voted to extend the time for tak
ing evidence, giving each side two more
days for that purpose.
Davis' Acts Not Official.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— The newspa
per gossip about the visit of Webster
Davis. Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
to points in South Africa was briefly
touched upon in the Cabinet session. Sec
retary Hitchcock explained that Mr.
Davis was away from his post on sick
leave; that his visit to any place was per
sonal and unofficial and that no one had
any right to attach any official or political
significance to his movements.
Will Give No Bonus.
PETALUMA, Jan. 23.— T0-day the City
Trustees met and discussed the proposi
tion of C. L. Torr, who desires a cash
bonus of $30,000 and site for the erection
of new woolen mills. It was decided to
decline the proposition as too high, and
so the matter rests. At a meeting of the
Board of Education of this city to-day
It was decided hereafter that no tuition
be charged pupils living outside the city
limits.
Smallpox in Oklahoma.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— Postoffice in
spectors have reported to the department
that on account of the prevalence of
smallpox In Oklahoma the offices at Re
mus and Avoca should be closed and the
mail from certain points be fumigated.
The department ha 3 acquiesced and the
offices will be closed for thirty days. The
mail west of Weatherford will be fumi
gated.
Funeral of Walter Newman.
SANTA CRUZ Jan. 23.— The funeral of
"Walter Newman, auditor of the Postal
Department of the Philippines, who re
cently died in Washington. D. C, took
place this afternoon. Many floral pieces,
including those from the High School
class of '94. of which deceased was a
member, covered the casket. Rev. Alex
ander Eaken of the Presbyterian Church
officiated.
Pioneer Woman Dies.
PETALUMA. Jan. 23.— Mrs. Virginia
Charles, wife of E. R. Charles, died at
her home In this city to-day. Mrs. Charles
was a native of Sonoma, aged 53 years,
and was the first child of white parentage
born In California north of San Fran
cisco Bay. She was a member of the fa
mous Rolewt family which came from
Virginia in 1844.
Conveyed to Agnews.
special Dispatch to The Call
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 23.— Sheriff
Ivlns leaves to-morrow morning to con
vey Alois Alder to Agnews Insane A3y
lum, and will return with convict Bert
Ross, who will be tried for the murder of
Deputy Sheriff Will J. Ward of S?n
Diego.
Assigned to Regiments.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— Officers re
cently promoted have been assigned to
regiments as follows: Colonel Charles*
W. Miner, to the Sixth Infantry; Colonel
James M. J. Sanno. to the Eighteenth In
fantry; Lieutenant Colonel Charles L.
Davis, to the Sixth Infantry, and Lieu
tenant Colonel Frank D. Baldwin to the
Fourth Infantry-
Promotion of Pupils.
An opinion was rendered yesterday by
Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford on a sub
ject of Interest to Boards of Education la
every county In the State. It was in re
sponse to an Inquiry by Thomas J. Kirk.
Superintendent of Public Instruction. Mr.
Ford says that county Boards of Educa
tion may officially examine and pass upon
the examination papers of a pupil in tht»
public schools seeking promotion from
grade to grade, as distinguished from
graduation, as well as the examination
papers of those seeking to graduate from,
the grammar schools.
ALLEGED VOID CONTRACT.
The "Webster-Street Bridge Matter
Brought Into the Federal Courts.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— R. Percy Wright
brought euit to-day in the United States
Circuit Court at San Francisco to restrain
the Board of Supervisors and other offi
cials of Alameda County from paying to
the Cotton Brothers Company a balance
of 132.000 alleged to be due that firm for
th* construction of the Webster street
bridge connecting Alameda and Oakland.
The complaint sets forth that Cotton
Brothers Company issued to the other
bidders on the contract blue prints in
which changes had been made; which
changes caused the competing bidders to
add about $6003 to the amounts of their
bids, thus giving Cotton Brothers the
advantage in the bidding by that amount.
A temporary restraining order was is
eued and the matter was set for hearing
on February 12. Mr. Wright is an attor
ney-at-law. The Federal courts have
jurisdiction because he is a subject of
Queen Victoria.
Witnesses Searched for Arms.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— A1l of the wit
nesses and parties interested in the ex
amination of Charles Goodwin, charged
with betrayal, were starched by order of
Justice Quinn to-day for f<*ar that fire
arms might be hidden in the court. The
starch was started by Attorney Thomas
Garrity. who ask<"d that the brother of
the complaining witness. Mary Schaffer,
be excludf-d from th» room or searcht-,1
Justice Quinn extended the order to all
witnesses.
City Electrical Department.
The Joint Fire and Police commissions
having charge of t-he electrical depart
ment of the city government, which in
cludes the fire alarm and police telegraph
and telephone systems, held their second
meeting in the Police Commissioners'
room yesterday aftt-rnoon. President
Rolla V. Watt in the chair. The only
business transacted was the appointment
of a chief electrician at a salary of $2*X)
per annum. W. R. Hewitt got the plum.
Under the old regime he held practically
the same position.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
FORWARD PETITIONS
Fire Protection, School Buildings
and Other Betterments
Sought.
With the expectation of getting Im
provements for their several localities the
various improvement clubs of the Mission
are active in the petition field to the new
city authorities. At the Nuevo Potrero
Club last night, John Bardhun in the
chair, the linal rrport of the committee
on better railroad service was presented
by the secretary. Attorney C. F. Kim
ball, who engineered to success the ad
ditional service of an electric line from
Twenty-fourth street to Rhode Island,
stated that the Market-street company
cheerfully granted what the club desired,
and as a result within thirty days from
the time the request was made the rails
had been put down over four blocks. This
report was hailed witS considerable Joy
by the club members, and a vote of
thanks was extended to Mr. Kimball for
his success.
President Bardhun drew the attention
of the members to the necessity of having
better fire protection in this portion of the
Mission. Acting on the suggestion, A. D.
Pratt made a motion that a committee of
three be appointed to wait on the Super
visors and request the erection of a build
ing for the purpose. The motion was
adopted and the chair appointed A. D.
Pratt. John Kidney and Charles Melrnet
to wait on the members of the board.
The next important matter looking to
the welfare of the "t'ction was the erec
tion of an eight-class school building. It
was stated that there are over 500 families
located on the side east of Potrero avenue
and west of De Haro street, with over 200
children, for whom there are no school
facilities. To obtain the necessary requi
site in this respect President Bardhun ap
pointed A. D. Pratt. Attorney C. F. Kim
ball and Peter Stolberg to wait on the
Board of Education and present a petition
setting forth the requirements of the resi
dents.
Eureka Valley and Park Lane Tract
Club also wants an engine company lo
cated in its locality, and will waft on the
Supervisors with a request for the Fame
This club also wants additional lights
placed in and about Liberty Heights, with
better police protection.
Holly Park Club will request from the
Supervisors or the Park Commissioners
the fixing up of Holly Park as a spot of
beauty on the northern slope of Bernal
Heights. A petition will be presented to
the Supervisors for the openinar of Rich
land avenue and Eastlako besides
other improvements deemed t-> be neces
sary in this portion of the city.
trial he resigned as a dentist and re
entered the custom house service.
Philip Dusenburv, opener and packer,
has been appointed messenger in place of
George Coons, transferred.
Two Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— Mrs. Kate L.
Myrick was to-day granted a divorce
from Robert L. Myrick by Judge Hall
on the ground of dt-sertion.- Myrick left
his wife two years aero and went to
Skapuay. where he conducted a saloon
with another womnn. He has returned
to Oakland since, but did not resume re
lations with Mrs. Myrirk. He is now in
the employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
Judge Ogden has granted A'.phonse
Sutter a divorce from Emma L. Sutter,
also on the ground of desertion. Mrs.
Sutter' left her husband for the stage and
now appears in New York under her
maiden name of Fields.
MASONS WILL HONOR
GRAND MASTER CASWELL
OAKLAND. Jan. 23-The Scottish Rite
Masons of Oakland will prive a reception
and banquet to Thomas H. Caswell. sov
ereign grand master of the Supreme
Council of the Ancient and Accepted Or
£rr of Masonry for the southern Jurisdic
tion of the United States, on Wednesday
evening at the Scottish Rite Cathedral of
Oakland. This will be an Important event
In Oakland Masonry and a special com
mittee is in charge of the arrangements.
This committee consists of Charles L.
Pierce. A. H. Merritt. Frederick H. E.
CVDonnell, E. H. Morgan and James B.
Merritt. Charles L. Pierce will deliver the
address of welcome and there will be a
reply by Grand Master Caswoll. Follow
ing this will be a programme of music and
addresses by hiph Masons.
Niles Library Incorporates.
NILES. Jan. 22.— The people of Niles
¦will f-hnrtly enjoy the advantages of a
free public library. A number of citizens
have voluntarily associated thems^lv^s
together for the purpose of forming a cor
poration under the laws of the State to
establish and maintain such a library; to
buy. sell or exchange such real or per
sonal property as may be r«"iuir*'d for the
use or benefit of the corporation: to re
ceive gifts of property, both real and per
sonal; to borrow money and give as se
curity therefor a note and mortgage on
any of the corporation's property.
To-day articles of incorporation were
filed with County Clerk Jordan by the
Niles Free Public Library. There is no
capital stock nor shares of stock, and tlie
trustees of the corporation are nam?d as
follows: Charles H. Shinn. Ernest South
wick. Julia Shinn. M. B. Sneden and Em
ily ChittiTidrn. all residents of Nile?.
to housekeeping an.l their future in
tentions. And Mr. Robins has always
continued to make his home at the
residence of his widowed mother,
Mrs. F. T. Robins, 520 Sycamore
street. Communication between bride
and groom has been chiefly by tele
phone.
The elder Mrs. Robins was loth to
discuss the affair when seen this even
ing. Craigie Sharp had called on her
to-day, exhibiting the marriage cer
tificate of his stepdaughter, and Mrs.
Robins was astounded beyond all con
ception.
"I was never so surprised in all my
life," she declared. "I knew nothing
of this affair and had no idea they
were even going together, for Leigh
has never to my recollection men
tioned Miss Noye's name in my pres
ence. I do not know what it all
means."
Young Mr. Robins, the retiring
groom, likewise was loth to express
himself affirmatively or negatively
until pressed, and then he whispered:
"Yes, we sneaked down to San Jose
at the time you mention and got mar
ried. You see, it was this way: Wo
were young and liked each other very
well and thought it might be nicely
romantic to go oft and get married
that way.
"I haven't given the subject any
further thought since then," continued
Robins, "for I've been too busy with
business affairs I don't know really
whether we will ever live together, for
1 don't know how her folks feel about
it. Most of our conversation on that
subject has been over the telephone.
But then I don't care to discuss it."
The young bride could not be seen
to-day, nor her mother, who Is re
puted to be wealthy. Mr. Sharp, how
ever, expressed his surprise over his
stepdaughter's marriage.
"I absolutely did not know anything
about it until Lulu told her mother
about it to-day. To say I was sur
prised and provoked is putting it
mildly. Of courße the proposition is
here. Mr. Robins will probably have
to provide for his wife now. He'll
have to do something or his young
bride will certainly be doing some
thing. He has not provided for her.
If it comes to a showdown she has
grounds for a divorce."
It is not improbable that young
Robins, who is decidedly popular in
society circles, may find himself a
candidate for defendant in a divorce
suit almost as soon as his friends have
realized that he is a benedict.
BEQUEATHED CARE OF
SONS TO DAUGHTERS
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— The will of Eliza
Teubert, who died at San Lorenzo on the
16th Instant, wns filed for probate to
day. The estate is valued at several thou
sand dollars and by the terms of the will,
dated Just a week prior to her death, is
left in its entirety to the two daughters,
Frederlca A. and Rebecca A. Teubert,
aged respectively 33 and 31 years. Re
garding the two sons, Charles H. and
Thomas A. Teubert. the instrument, wit
nessed by Jemima Branln and N. A. Mc-
Conaghy, contains the following pro
vision: "My failure to mention or be
queath anything herein to my two sons,
Charles Herman and Thomas Armstrong
Teubert, is Intentional, as I believe said
sons will be properly cared for by my
two daughters named herein."
The daughters are named as executrices
without bonds and they apply for letters
of administration.
AUGUST SCHILLING BUYS
THE SHAFTER PLACE
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— August Schilling
has purchased the old Shafter homestead
at the head of Alice street and will in
corporate it all into his home. The old
Shnfter place consists of several acres of
land bordering upon Lake Merritt im
mediately in the rear of Mr. Schilling:*
place and will make a very handsome ad
dition to his grounds. It is proposed to
move the old house off the Shafter place
as soon as possible and Mr. Schilling will
then begin the work of enlarging his
grounds.
THEY LIVED AS
SON AND MOTHER
BUT FELL OUT
Now Widow Wants
Deeds Null.fied.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Jan. 23.
At the trial of a suit before Judge Ella
worth to-day, brought to nullify a deed, it
developed that at one time the plaintiff,
Christina Schobel, aged 71 years, acted as
mother over the defendant, August Welke,
aged 31 years. But ,the ageii German
woman claims that she 'found Welke
out" and immediately broke on" her pro
fessed maternal relations.
It appears that back in 1892 Mrs. Schobel
was employed as a domestic by the par
ents of W. B. Wegener in San Francisco.
She had some money left her by her hus
band, and with this she took a mortgage
on several lots in Lorin, eventually ac
quiring title by foreclosure. About four
years ago Welke, who had also been in
the employ of the Wegener family, be
came acquainted with the widow Schobel.
Presently the two went to Sonoma County
to reside and engaged in chicken ranch
ing. Mrs. Schobel had no relatives liv
ing and grew very fond of her partner,
whom she called "son," and who in af
fectionate response called her •"mother."
But one evil day, according to Mrs.
Schobel'B complaint, Welke induced her
to deed to him her. lots in Lorin, valued
at about $2000, and then she found out, so
she claims, that he has been trying to sell
the property. Therefore she seeks to set
uslde the gift.
On the witness etand Mrs. Schobel tes
tified that Welke had explained to her
that should she die the deed conveyance
could be promptly recorded and he be
saved the expenso of probating her estate.
Welke, on the other hand, claims that
the deed was a gift pure and simple as
could pass between a fond mother and a
loving son, and he declares that he will
fight the case to a bitter termination. He
asserts that the woman's assumed rela
tions as mother hnve waned and that she
therefore changed her mind and now
wants her property restored to her.
The trial was not concluded this after
noon, but was continued.
TRIUMPH OF AN
OAKLAND BOY
IN ART CIRCLES
Gained Third Prize in
Paris Exhibit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Jan. 22.
Blendon Reed Campbell, the talented
young Oakland artist, has returned home
after a stay of three years abroad. He
has been very successful and has
gained several medals for the work
which he has done. Three of hla pic
tures were on exhibition at the second
annual exhibit of the American Art
Association in Paris during the fore part
of the present year and one of them re
ceived the third prize.
He will remain here for some time and
will paint several pictures while at home.
TO VOTE BONDS
TO IMPROVE
THEIR CITY
More School Facilities
for Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 23.— The city of Ala
meda will have a chance to vote bonds to
the amount of $100,000 for Improvements.
The bond election will be held March 26,
two days after the freeholders' election.
It will then be left to the voters to de
cide whether four departments of the
city government shall be bettered. They
will be asked to give their approbation
authorizing the issuance of $35,000 in
bonds for school improvements, of $25,000
for a library building, of $20.C*>0 for put
ting the Webster-street roadway into
condition for the accommodation of
travel, and $20,000 for additions to the
electric light plant.
The decision to hold the bond election
was arrived at last night by the Board of
Trustees. They met In conference with
the Board of Education, Library Trus
tees and a Municipal League committee.
Plans were submitted by the depart
mental representatives. In each case the
Trustees agreed to give what was asked
of them.
The Board of Education members made
a strong plea to have the election held
as soon as possible. They urged that
school Improvements may be made dur
ing the summer vacation if the election
date be iixed the earliest. Their con
vincing arguments moved the Trustees to
appoint the date named.
The Library Trustees will have $33,000
to spend on a library building— s2s,ooo to
be raised by bonds and $10,000 as a gift
from Andrew Carnegie. The Free Li
brary already owns a lot at the corner
of Santa Clara avenue and Oak street.
But it is not considered big enough. The
Trustees have been urged to purchase
fifty feet more frontage on Santa Clara
avenue for $4500. They have not con
cluded what they will do. They do not
know definitely the style of building they
will put up, but it will probably be a
two-story brick-and-stone affair. Plans
will be ready in two weeks.
The School Department will spend its
135,000 on additions to several school
structures in the city. An elaborate plan
has been devised. Additional rooms will
be built on to the Porter, Haight. En
cinal and Wilson schools. These schools
are so planned that wings can be put on
them when needed. The Porter will be
used as a High School in the future in
stead of the Haight. The design is to
secure the readjustment of pupils,
placing them in districts where they
properly belong. Concentration is aimed
at In the larger schools. The congestion
now existing in some of the schools will
be relieved.
Of the 120.000 to be raised for the Im
provement of the Webster-street road
way $10,<>">0 will be used at once for ne
cessary repairs. The $I>\OX) remaining in
the treasury will be expended later, when
title is acquired, in filling in the sloughs
and preparing for the final completion of
the street, widened to eighty feet.
The $20,000 for the electric light plant
will be available to make extensions and
additions and to purchase meters for new
consumers. The riroposed all night ser
vice cannot be had until these improve
ments are made.
THEIR HONEYMOON
SPENT BY TELEPHONE
SecretlD Married for Two Years, and Then
Told the Storu When Her Young
Hushand Flirted,
JEALOUS AND
AGED SHE GOES
TO AN ASYLUM
Mrs. Eugenia Deppe
Is Declared Insane.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 23.
Mrs. Eugrenia Deppe, who, prompted by
Jealousy, tried to commit suicide at her
home in Frultvale last Sunday by drink-
Ing potations of ether and turpentine, was
committed to-day to the insane asylum at
Stockton by Judge Ogden.
On the occasion of ncr attempted suicide
Mr?. L>«-ppe was revived at the Receiving
Hospital and then placed in the County
Jail on complaint of her husband, who
chaired her with disturbing his peace.
Yesterday he charged the wife with in
sanity.
Mrs. Peppe was examined by the Luacy
Commissioners to-day, when the husband,
who is twenty-five years her junior, testi
fied that she had unduly Jealous for
a long time, accusing him of intimacy
with various women and girls, saying
she usually became enraged if he spoke to
another woman. The couple were married
in 1896.
Mrs. Deppe asserted before the Commis
sioners that her young husband was using
every endeavor to railroad her to an asy
lum, so as to pet oossesslon of her prop
erty and disport himself with a young
wife later on.
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
11HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
B0 HEAD fine draught and driving l:orses at
1621 and 1C25 Market st... bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also gome fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings: 4. 2. 10 years
old; 10C0 to 1400 lbs.: $40 to $100: mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Grayson. Cal.
WORK horse. $20: buggy. $20; light wagon.
$25. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 16H: 10 years
old. DALZIKL. Vet. Dentist. 6^.-, G. G. aye.
HOL'Saos — LODGING — IfOU SALK.
109-P.OOM house: corner; clears $300 J2.VM I
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st ?'J.". [
10 rooms; on Taylor: worth $SOO 4-"J) j
32 roon-.s: corner; clears $100 l-'.OO ¦
10-room flat: clears $ICO SMI
I WILL SELL YOU EITHER HOUSE IN-
PAYMENTS TO SUIT.
Corner on Market: clears $400.. 104 rooms. .s4 ? -ofl '
Near Call office; worth $2000... 29 rooms.. 12"! :
Mod. house: elev. ; clears $.",00.. S4 rooms.. 12901
Easy payments; Interest at 10
per cent; clears $I.V) 32 rooms.. 1600
On one floor: clears $ICO 13 rooms.. 900 j
Flat: new furniture; rent $14.. 7 roon-.5.. 3.^0
Paying house; clears $1M 23 rooms.. v"<> !
Downtown: rent $C 3 21 rooms.. C 2". !
New flat; rent $14 8 rooms.. 20» j
Market st. ; rent $75 26 rooms.. S-".O |
Corner; only $.100 ensh 16 rooms.. S<w |
Clearing $100; rent $50 28 rooms.. EM I
Boarding: corner house 32 rooms.. 2000 [
Hotel and bar; <X boarders 59 rooms.. 400
100 other houses, 3 to 500 rooms; $W to.. .10.000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth st.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; rent $40 $350
21 rooms; all rented; rent $45 300
40 rooms; fine location: rent $73 10 n ">
100 rooms at a great bargain: rent $200.. CGOO
65 r. ; rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
$2200— PART cash: 42 rooms; best location north
Market; finely fur.; all rented. Bastle.3 Eddy.
$2SO— lO-ROOM house near Market St.: clears $T>o
month: rent $20 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
24 ROOMS: new furniture; cost $3600; $lS00: M
cash; big bargain. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
10 ROOMS: got to sell; mortgaged $250; cheap
at $000. C. D. DAVIS, 1104 Market st.
30 ROOMS; good oak furniture; nice location;
$1000. C. D. DAVIS. 1101 Market st.
£0 ROOMS: first floor offices: clears $300 a
month. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
$1600—29 ROOMS; all on 1 floor; $SOO down: bal-
ance at 1 per cent per month: paying well.
$325—8 rooms: nice flat: on easy paym ents.
$800—22 rooms; good location; $50 rent; easy
payments.
15 houses from $300 to $20CO; paying well:
good locations; easy payments.
A. R. E. & R. CO.. 743 Mission st.
$373— Post, nr. Mason. $12"0— F.ddy. nr. Jones.
$10.000— Sutter. near $3T>oo— Powell st.
Pleasanton. $C'.O— l4 rooms down-
s4soo— 6o-room corner. town.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market St.
PRIVATE rooming house: 9 rooms, nicely fur-
nished: 7 rooms rented; paying $1j above rent:
no reasonable offer refused: rent $25. 12C3
Folsom st.
{500 — HOUSE 3 rooms neatly furnished; all
rented: central location; rent $18. Box 4138,
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE— S33 Broadway: 20 sunny
rooms; must Eell on account of sickness; $430.
25 ROOMS: all full: paying well: good reason
for selling; rent $CO. 420 Sixth st.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, on Minna St.,
near Third. Address box 1012. Call office.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard St.. corner Third.
HOUSE. 8 rooms: bath: carpets: large lawn;
fine view: see It. 3932 Twenty-fourth St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
lIOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. IK^. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts.— Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room. etc. ; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. 11. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montzomery st.
A M SPECK & CO 657 MARKET ST.
2?35 California: 6 r.sl4|l'4l Eddy; 6 r $23
170 i Mason; 4 r $10]1J45 Howard; 3 r....519
207 Ellis; 10 r...517 301110 Natoma; S r $16 j
TO let — Furnished or unfurnished: modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable in rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. £.29
Merchant st.
NEATLY furnished house: 7 rooms and bath:
eunny side of street; nice neighborhood: $50. j
1614 Golden Gate aye.. bet. Scott and Devlsa- |
dero sts.
FINE bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath; j
hlch basement: fine flower irarden: 1731 Bur- j
chanan st., near Sutter. Apply at 623 Golden
Gate aye.
GEARY, IGIS, bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House, 9 rooms and bath.
BUSH 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: largo yard: rent $37 50.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant avf.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly (
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha j
United States, postpaid, for $1 pc? year.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease:
centrally located; 5 bedrooms; large parlors:
music End dining room?, etc. ; 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny st.: Inrge grounds; r«>r.t $123. I
Address, with full name, box 1022. Call office.
LOST AND FOt.M).
I LOST— White greyhound bitch, with a brindle
patch on left side of head; weighs about 4J
pounds; had 2 blankets on. Return to room
413, Examiner' building.
LOST— Dewey medal on Kearny st. Sunday; ,
name on rldse. Please return to 371 Minna ;
st. : rewaru. j
LOST— Pair opera classes at California Theater. |
Return 128 Ninth nve. and receive reward, j
BROWN purse containing money and gold pen-
cil. E. BERONIS. 1032 Jackson St.: reward.
LOST— A bay mare. Return to THOS. Mc-
GOWAN. 43 Rlchland aye.,; receive reward.
BORROW on diamonds; perfec: secrecy: pri- j
vate entrance. Uncle Harri9. 13 Grant aye.
A GREYHOUND pup. white, with red mark- !
Ings on ears. Suitable reward If returned to j
I. H. FRANK. 1403 Post st.
LOST— A passbook with The Kiberr.la Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of HENRIETTE RAFELD. No. 229-743.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EMIL GLARNER: No. 212-754. Tfce ;
finder will please return to bank. |
LOST— A passbook with tne Hloernia Savings I
und Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in th* I
name, of MRS. CATHERINE D ALTON; No. j
ISS-020. The finder will please return to bank. |
— _— — —
MJlS^DßTlcOHLrthe^nly reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful |
practice: private home for patients before and |
during confinement; beat of care; guaranteed :
treatment at office. $3: safe and reliable: con- ;
sultation free. 1122 Market st.. betwsea \U-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5. ;
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' spe-
cialist formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure ac
office $0: warranted; l.> years' successful prac- ;
tlce In S. F. Office. US Eddy st.. near Masoc. |
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician !
and specialist: home for patients in confine- ;
ment or with chronic diseases: best care; ;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tlon free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: hours 10 to 5. J^ to^S. ,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned I
ladles' specialist: <=afe and reliable; has prac- j
tl^ed In S. F. for years; treated thousands 1
of cases successfully: treatment can be used
at home: consultation free: success guaran-
teed. Write or call nt ICJJ'i Market st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market,— Ladles' special- i
i«t: cuarar.teed treatment at office, $5: safe |
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to S. j
WOMEN'S medical and surgical institute; sci-
entific treatment: confidential; consultation
free. 1226 Market. Murphy bids., rras. 127-12?.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years:
call on a physician with man's know ledse;
cure $5: consultation free. SIS Kearny st.
DR and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $_
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market
St.- »very case —uaranteed: $5 up. •;:--.
MRS. DR. GWYER. SIJ Eddy St.. bet. Hyds
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ea«;» of the human body. 113 Mason st.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free elinlc Tues. eve. SO5 Lnrkln.
MINES ANU MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares: fortune makers:
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 62 cents per share or monthly install-
ments; send for p»3spectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. ro California St.. rooms 5-7.
M ISCELLANEO L S— FOII^SALB^^
BAii^s^s^^^^^^S:
ters. linoleum, office /«™'^ c - w anU second-
Mission
St.. above Sixth. ' __
Fl^7si V R¥l : a7hT"for sale cheap. Apply »0«
J£^,iS^______.
«£H_a_3agr-_agas
etc. WHITELAV.'. 21G Sbear_st__
AY les» than cost: ur.calW-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons, tna
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Buiidlng.
SAFES-New and second for nlts ; "fS
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes,
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults etc. The
Walt* Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. C*i.
OXK 4-slded sticker; 1 pUner and J na^' r^_, 1
air compressor; 5 locomotlve^J^ Fremont.
EDISON concert phonograph. P^f^iifuPl*
$100; concert records. t2 50. BACIGALLPI.
9X5 Market St.. San Francisco.
A^s3 50 DEKUY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatter*. 330 Kearny St.. nr. fine.
DHESS cants. $-' 75; fine suit. $ll>. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOUS. Sl3 Montgomery »t.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers.lathes.
iron &'wood; 2d-hand. J. UURKE. 139 Beai».
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak: complete: cheap. 1?I5 Mission, nr. lath.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. SlB Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
MISCELLANEOUS -WA^Ta^
WANTED— 6 boxes of fresh ranch eggs every
week steady. Address box 2527. Call.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per ox. tor
gold In It. 328 I>ush St., 3d floor, room 4.
HIGHEST price paid lor all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. E25 Pupont. nr. Calif.
MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY^amounTat 8 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est ratea. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount; « per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. l n <> er » 3 '
In estates legacies. Ufa Insurance; chat.el
mortgages"- confidential: advice free. O E-
OLSKN.. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bids.
AVOID d»lay. try all others, then se« me; $50
to $100.< WO; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d cr chattel mort-
gages estates In probate.undlvided Interests ia
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: * dv! '.»
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C 2 Mark..
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest "price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party en furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
EC N ELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 120 Powell St.
AT 12S Kearny. rm. 9. respectable prlvata placs
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, qnlc*
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 53. Poncho- building. 1170 Market st.
ON IiKAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. EECKER. 2G Montgomery St.
MEN can secure loans on personal note. AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. 356 Parrott bldg.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott building.
C\?H loaned to salaried peorie on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. TV) Examiner, building.
TO «a!aried men; without collateral or indorser.
S. ~K Discount Agency. 143 Phql-an building.
$50 TO S r J CCO- lowest rates: Ist and "d mort;s. ;
any proro?l:lon. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
O\ furniture pianos, without removal; no
'commlg£lon:' private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money ? e . U. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tha Weekly
Call IS races. .«ent to any address In tha
United State*. r^-traM. f^r SI per year.
~ MCSICAL IN-TH-MK-VTS.
AGAIN~we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced piano*
where they can b« exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purcha>>»
price allowed. We ara selling new upright
pianos fcr fi per month, ar.d some good pianos
for $3 $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CL\Y & CO StPir.wray Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter -t:>.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and i>r.>adway. Oakland.
vr^rLUTFLY the oldest ar.d largest hous»
west of Chicago | 9 KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 "3 and SO O'Farrei: St.: pianos, organs and
aX ether musical tastrunU-UI of all grades
ard prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
-0 u«nl h!«h ar.d medium grad»
pianos- special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evening". Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. IPS Ellis st.
\ BEAUTIFUL Packard Rany Grand Just re-
* ceived at MAUVAIS'. 7K> Market st.
THE DeckT piano is the universal favorite:
new «ty!es; full assortment; low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 759 Market St.
A GOOD harzaln can always b$ found at
MAUVAIS'. 7*>J Market st.
L -RGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos price* reduced to insure prompt salest
W. C. HAMILTON. 3.'4 Post at.
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg": pro-
nounced by fxjvrt? the best In 3. F. : nearlr
new, of solid construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; value $300: to be sold
for only 1300 cash. 12H5 Market St.. room IZX.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LEK Jfc CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-« urtaz Piano Co.. 550 Hayes st.
\« . G. BADGE!:. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis planoa.
CONOVER. Colby ar.d Spencer pianos. Spencer
vrarerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1313 Powell gt.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— T. ice upright p'.ano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNC/S. 21C McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 1$
r'cAllister st. next Hlb»rnia Bank.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MTT.I.F.R re." key. — ri'^er. 2 L*t?ir»— i place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LfciT.
STORE. 4 living rooms and stable: 2 blocks
from Market st. KELLY, owner. 437 Parrot!
building.
%ZO— STORE: 2 show windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth at.
LARGE, elegant store. »3J Valencia street; bust-
res* center: Ip— . rent. .— -
PAUTNEIIS WANTED.
WANTED— $3<v:o: partner central merchandise-
established 7 years; paid $ICSt? year 1333; ob^
Ject. to Increase business: money to b« re-
Invested. Aidress S. J.. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCH ROM E^per?~riclT~l_~t«e7~el_^lJ
work: low p-ic~; sarr.ple uozen 4x5 and devet-
cr<r — ;al!ed ..>c. Cal. Camera Co.. 23 Geary.
I'EnsONAL37~
B^LLE^OUDRT
15 NOT A LADT
at ETTINwLK S. 723 Market st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, makes ¦
specialty of the latest Imported hair style*
and charges but 2So : Scheffler's Colortr.e g:vet
natural cvlor. 71c box. 12J Stocktcn st.
HESSSSF!- y-mtonlca will tak# away that
dul look from your halr-the enly tonic thai
will d> It: :5c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
l___i_____|_|S_f^
FOR SALE-Craxy qtnu and shams: also W_v.
_sewir.g machine. Bnx 4140. Call offlc^
A FINE suit to order $13 75. or cants $3 73- O ui
specialty Jn remnants r.llows u» to £v
cheaper than ready made l" tpmm
1117 Market «.. bet. "7th and ith. proV^S^
price Tatlor.ns Co.; 132 Kearar nra- Si~?
also 1644 Market .:.. under St. Nl c ho?_s '
tree 'bus a_d ba«a S e to aad front!.'' Jr^'
SAN FnANCISCO CALL.
rt'FINESS OFFICE of the Fan Fmnclsm
r«tl. rrrner of Market nnd Third streets, open
or.tll 52 o'clock every night In the year.
HHANCII OFFICES— I:~ Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
tT°O Hayes ttreet; open ur.til 9:30 p. tn.
f*s McAllister street; open until 5:30 p. m.
C! 5 Lnrkin street; open until »:30 p. m.
I?<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. tn.
trci M=rket street, corner Sixteenth; open
__>M a — _
t : i 1 p. tn.
!lf< I"eventh street; or*>n until I P. n».
IC9« Valencia street; open ur.til » p. m.
irtJ Polk rtrect; cp»n until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-seccnd and Ken-
tucky streets; open unti: a p. m. .
MEETING NOTICES.
____ " -»w^;
CODFnET DE ST. OMAR Coun-
cil No. I. Knie-lit* K*do«h.— — . •-;
• ¦ X Till I W KPN KgDA V > CjjTi EjIMJiI
; VENINO. Jan. 21. .»'. 7- ¦ 6gt>^ijMP]C
c'c:o<k. D. ». <2|Hf S
<;EO. J. IiOBE. Recorder. riß_n
- gBM
MOUNT MOIUAH Ixxlge No. «». F. and •
A. M.-M'rtinjT THIS <WEDXI>I>A V) JK^
KVKMNC. it :_•'• o'clock. Second l*-yt^
Kree. TIJKO. FUOLICH. Sec. /^~
CROCKETT Lodge No. 13*. I", nnd A. M. •
f-Instructionf -Instruction THIS < WKDNKSDA Y) m £\-
i:Vj:NING. Jan. 24. Nt S o'clock. By or- 7L_*\
d<- «.f the W. hi. li. FOHTUEIDE. Sec. /V x
EXCF.LSIOK Lodre No. IM, F. and A. ¦
tt.— Special meeting THIS (WKDNEB- _#\_
:\\ EVENING. Jan. 24. at ~ J\J\
o'clock. Third Degree. /~r '
THEO E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. US*. F. and A. M— ft
CallM meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) __\_
I V ENING. tt 7:30 o'clock. Second I *•- TK JT
gree. C. D. HUNKER. Secy. /V^
MORSE Lodre No. ?:.7. I. O. O. P.-
;• ¦ itl n TIII9 I WEDNESDAY)
KVKNING. Jan. 24. 2?». A full s?^—^s
attendance is desired. Visitors '*-i*^
cordially invited.
GEO. SHERMAN. N. O.
C. BRIND. nee. Sec.
BT. ANDREW'S Society will cele- v Kjf >j.
brate the I4l*t anniversary t of th« 3. uJJ
llrth cf ROBERT lU'RNS by a
concert and dance at Scottish Hall. "S—"*
107 I_Tkin ft., on FRIDAY EVENING. 2Cth
Intt. WILLIAM BALNAVES, Pres.
A. n. PATTEKSnN. Secreta ry^
ANNUAL meeting— The postponed annual
— i»e:ing cf the stockholders of the KILAUEA
BCOAK PLANTATION COMPANY will be
hc'.d at the office of the company. No. 317 j
Market ftroet. San Francisco. California, on
THi'ItSDAY the n»h day of January. 1900.
at the bow of 11 o'clock a. m.. for th« pur-
l>o*e of electing a board of directors to nerve
Icr the ereulng year, and the transaction o*
*urh other tmslness us may come before the
tnectlrg. Transfer hooks will .lose on Satur-
day, January 13, l»CiO. at 12 o'clock m.
L\ 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
er, of the UNION TRUST COM-
I'ANY cf San Francisco, will be held
«t the office of the company in th» Union
Trust Company's bulMlng. corner Montgom-
ery. Post and Market sts., San l-'Yanclsco,
<*al.. on MONDAY, the fifth day of February.
ISOO. at the hour of 2 o'clock x>. m.. fcr the
I'Urpose of electing a board of directors to
»erve for tl»e folloulne year, the amendment
of the by-laws of the company and the trans-
action of such other business us may come
before the meeting.
I. W. IIKLLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the membership of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fur.d Association will
take place at Its office. riKim C 3. Flood bulld-
Inr. TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 50. at 7:JO
o'clock. 11. G. PRINCE. Sec.
XJORROW on diamonds; secrecy: private en-
T— ince: rrivnte rm*. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MA6ERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rlFt end palmist in t!:<> world: satisfaction
Bimrarierd. 4*7 Gulden Gate «ye.
A.TTOR-BYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a sjiecialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. M 3 Market, cor. Storktn.
ADVJCB free: no charge unless successful. XV.
W. :>AVII>SON. ?27 Market ft., opp. Mason.
F. 11. MER—BACH. attorney at l^w. has re-
sumed practice Bt tCI Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L R. CLARK. Emma Sj.reckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket St.: or nsultxMon free: no fecf In advance. |
I
DOAItD AND ROOMS.
VAN NESS aye.. 1714-Seleet private boarding- j
botu* can acivimmudate a few more auests:
everything first class and homelike; fashion-
able location: »"eferenees.
HOTEL FAIUMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
ri«-w furniture; f.r*t-cl2!*» In every respect;
table unsurpassed: hct and cold water: ele-
vator: suites, with b-.iard for 2. $50 month up.
KEW family hotel: first-class In all appolnt-
nsents; excellent tnble; special Inducements to
eelect people. M 7 California «t.. occupying
f-rner <!t>poslte Grace Church.
•TjELGRAvTaTiOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny suites: best bTOrd: 2. $50 up: single, $22 50.
HAiaiiT. __— 6unnr rooms with board: terms
LAS PALMAS. ira> Market rt. -Suite of 2 or 1
rtr.s.: prUate; hath: sin. rma.: board optional.
O"FAU!H;LL. 7<t— i lean, comfortable rooms;
ro<id home cooking: special rates to gents.
!'.• IRBOTV on pianr>«. furniture, diamonds.
nr.lrtires: recrecy. I'r.rle Harris. 15 Grant nv.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TO Iv-nrd— Ar. Indent or rmall child; $10 per
m r rth 111 l>»TiinnTi «ive.
UOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
FAMILY «f 3 wnnt room and board In private
house or hoarding-house. F«ox 1071. Call office.
ANY smcur.t to loan you on diamonds; lew in-
tere«t. T'NCI.~ HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
UOOKS NEW AND OLD.
6CHOCL ntKJKS bought and exchanged.
Hilnv* Bonk i\v. 7H4 M'F«lon st.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CLEATTA^n'sT^E^GIiEAT^^
Men's regular $1 19 shoes $1 15
Children's regular $1 <"0 shoes C 5 cts
People' * St:oe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
UISINKSS CHANCES.
A CI«SAR store, connected with candy and lc«
< ream parlors, on transfer point, close to
Powell and Post sts. ; rort $C 0; first-class pay-
ing: larjre stock: fine fixtures. It. G. WILKE.
»06 Market st.
A-f3"-0; !>AIRY produce and delicacy storeT
with 1 living poums; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. »06 Market.
A— $100; PARTNER wanted !n establ. butcher-
Fhop; owner wants honest assistant: knowl-
edge of business not necessary. I:. G. WILKK.
W6 Market tt.
A— s3so; PARTNER wanted in chop and coffee
S house; li\ely country town; place clearing $60
l<-r each partner. Call It. U. WILKE. IK)6
Market ft.
A-112W; ELC ZIANTLY fitted u;i saloon on best
tratmfer con.?r of this city; low rent: best
rlas» of custom; place nrst-clcss i>aylng;
c%»ner to attend to his ranch cause of sale.
Call U. G. WILKE. it* Market st.
A— slsoo: SALOON on Market kL. close to Sev-
Senth: rent net $S0: splendidly paying place;
other «-nga*:eme:Hs cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. «* Market Et.
A— sKo: BAKE— IT near McAllister st.: estab-
Ktis.htd y«-ars: all store truje: large stivk;
rent t25: 4 years' lease; IV* barrels per day.
• nil H G. WILKE. '.'OC Market st.
ITT I .^— l-LI*«SANT ccmer store and modern s-
nv>tn cottage: rents $30; cost $3500; $1000 will
take it. KIU-DO & CO.. 2Z\* Oeary st.
fllOft-CHOPHOVFE: best In city;; 1 block from
market: r»-ee!pt* $45 daily; trial given: prvsent
o»ner 5 years. KHEIX) _ CO. i:'i Geary st.
|;NWV-D!iAYIXG express; only one in town of
4OCW population: tlu.ono yearly. KIIEDO «fc CO.
ST-fO— PARTNER; transfer ar.d storage: mone>
»«ectjred: rare chance. KREDO & CO., 2T-
0.-arj' et.
T'> f* 1 !! yovr business <;uick for cash call City
.Durine-s Exchange. 79 Third st._
VL" have rpecial bargains in rooming, houses
ta-day from tSUQ up. 79 Third gt.
J_r.-rARTNKIt in sal.>cn: will take part cash;
ct-.ance for tu-a<ly man; 79 Third *t.
Jl2S— MAN to oiien oyster and chop house with
experienced <-i>ok. 7J Third tt.
f~*— NICELY fitted saloon; 3 wineroums; firrt-
cla— location. Call 75 Third »t.
ATTI-VTiOX. SELLERS'
ILlvt whatever y«>u have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no rxduslte contract.
Have buyer tiaitlnc «lih oath. •
I *ell <ity «nd country real es-
tate and business pieces.
DECK Ell. 102U Market St.. opp. Fifth.
AN exceptional opportunity for a business man
with 11000; experience unnecessary: will
rtand :..¦¦•• .>-a!L::. GALE & BENSON. SO
Parrott building.
.-.<¦.. HOME restaurant in Alameda: big
trade; fixtures cost mor« than asked: vlck-
nese. GALE & BENSON. 5T3 Parrott bids.
COItNFK rtore for rent, with fixtures; suitable
fur procrry and bar; nort*- of Market st. Pa-
cific liuisincefc Exchange, ICIS Market ft.
UCSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
BMvHRY In town near San Francisco doing a
fine ea*h business; lame stock; good fixtures;
horse and wagon; cheap rent: trial C»ven.
great eacriftce. JONES _^CO.. S~ MarkeMtt.
H7*=-_-ICACIES Iand dairy produce: value
in sirht: fine. location. JONES _ CO.. kCS
M a rk.t st. ; _____——
$175-<7rOO;kY. bar. 4 living rooms; rent $10:
doing pa>#i* bugtn*ss._£oii*s & « 0.. S« MrKi.
j«o<i_<x>RNElt saloon; bargain this day. Me-
LAUGHLIN _ CC_ rnVfc Mttrtcet «-
1420-^nnANCIIt bakery and \arlety store; bar-
rain: going to Europ; cauw of sole. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 7j~ ' *_ M , a _ rUft **'
I niIST-C-A»Sfr(«t-iirant ¦ A [\"B One busjnc**;
mk bargain, cowing &______' M" rk>>t *-_
COKNI'K Krocery; full stork; sickness cause.
Hee COWING _ CO.. 1130 Market at.
A~^S.VXV- CO RN Elt srocery nn.l l-«r: best loca-
tion In the Mission; well exlaUlshed: .long
po..d business; r.lce .lean *lo<-!<: £"'.'' \." t <J
for th.- mone>^ten»H-rgj:_ I J^i_K™_ n ___':_
PLAcT:R"gT.Tu^d on MVkelumne *"«£«£* „'»
C_n_AALOON nnd lunch house; best location
f2_S£7_Sorl£ I" l-e M ' ! " ilo "', 1 « m l" B
rooms: satisfactory reasons for Belling. Ap-
ply l«>x 2.'.53. CaW^offloe. __
IM-KOOM tKMse f or sale or exchange for lodg-
ing house In flilcßgo <r other busim-ss; no
HC'-nls. V.OX _J-2. Cull office.
PAUTXFK or promoter wanted, to introduce
U s' patent; have a complete working model
in operation: big money. Box 1075. Call.
$40— SHOE shop for sale; established 3 years,
worth $100; sickness the cause of celling. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro stg. \
$30"-- ME AT market for sale; paying, cash busi-
ness; splendid opportunity for man and boy.
Box 25i2, Call.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
Ing business: 15 years present location; cheap
account of death of owner. 22 Cortl— nd aye.
FOR SALE — Corner —rocery and bar; must bo
sold on account of departure. Call or address
140 Fifth st.
$400— A FINE paying restaurant; receipts $25
dally; selling on account of going to Alaska.
£,o« Howard st.
CIGAR Here— Doing very good business; owner
foned to sell. 201 California st.
FOR sale cheap— Well established corner saloon;
elckm-ps cause. Particulars call 525 Market.
CKSAH store, with fixtures, for sale cheap. 11
Eddy at.
ROt'TE of M 4 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffice.
$75 MONTHLY to partner with $3CO: genteel
manufacturing business. Sehottler. 622 Mrkt.
FOR sale— A crockery business with good, well-
rstabllshed coaloil route, in n large suburban
town: present investment about $4000; would
accept San Francisco property in exchange.
For particulars apply to F. W. DOHRMANN,
130 Sutter st.
WANTED— Partner in business established 24
years in Oakland; pays from $100 to $500 per
month; $75"0 capita! required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of loss; must be a business man. competent
to keep books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch office, Oakland.
FOR rent— To an •,'p-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track In
Eureka. Cal.: located on main traveled road
and good chance to make a r.lce paying busl-
I ness. Apply to J. a. LOVEREN. Eureka. Cal.
CORNER grocery and bar: best business loca-
tion; c-ash trade: sickness compels owner to
retire: investigation solicited; sacrifice. Box
76J.1. Call office^
BADEN. Scuth San Francisco: hotel for sale,
with 40 steady boarders, with good prospects:
must be sold on account of sickness. Inquire
Grand Hotel. Baden. South San Francisco.
FOR sale— f650; first-class grocery and bar.
with living rooms: cheap rent. Inquire 341
Pine St., corner Montgomery.
|IS»— SALOON and grocery store: must sell at
one*: good loi-atlon. y2l'.i Howard st.
i FOR sale— Coffee nnd chop house; newly fitted;
! doing good business., 5 Polk H.
FOR sale, cheap— Cigar stand In good location;
next to Orpheum. 117 O'Farrell st.
$S&— CIGAR stand for sale at 57 Third et.; rare
chance; owner Ic-avine city.
TOOLS stock, fixtures of a palntshop for sale;
cheap. Apply at shop, P26 Washington St.
$17T0 CASH: corner grocery and bar: fine stock;
good location. Inquire 300 Hayes st.
PLUMBING shop: well established. 605 East
Tw.-lfth St.. East Oakland.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
4SS Third «t.
$15!*— 1? ROOMS newly furnished; rent $75: $CM
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes rupplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO. . . 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call brancl? office. 2200 Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements ar.d subscriptions has been cpened
at 1223 Polk et.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck-y rts : o;>en vrtll 9 p. m.
CAIIIUAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon, 3-enn milk
wagon. S-ae—ted spring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery wmrons. 22 Cnrtland aye.
TWO horses, an express wagon; good stand. In-
quire nt 21? Tehama ft.
FOlt sale — FI ->st Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter t-t.
NEW and2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN _ SON. 2117 Mlsion St.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CAKPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
%\ —EN you become dlrgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. ?40 14th
et.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co.,
45J Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rate 3.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 354 GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et. ; tel. Jessie 944.
CO::KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 533 Golden
I Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
I CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIIUTCALISM.
I A^PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
J most skeptical: give* advice on love, business
' and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
j restore* lost affc-tlon : if In doubt, trouble or
: adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
I help you: mediums developed In from 3 to 6
! months: letters containing three questions and
! $1 answered: hours. 9 to S: Sundays. 10 to 2.
| amsTj. J. WHITNEY, spiritual clairvoyant,
trance ««-«t. business medium, life reader;
stamp for circular; sittings dally, $1. 1104
Market st.
I MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. X Hayes «t.. room 7. second floor.
, SPIRITUAL meeting Wed., S p. m.. Cambrian
Hall. 1133 Mission; Mrs. Maxwell. Vlgars; col.
I MM l *- AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
| rsJmistry. Isc; truth or no pay. :n<» Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; eit-
| ting* dally. J_fti Sixth st.
| llxFe. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: Csc up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
| MME. ZEREDA of 3 Seventh st/ Is the original
! kmwv life reader; readings. 25c.
ARRIVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction: readings this week 25c. 230 A Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
rast. I re«»nt. future. 25c. US Sixth st.. r. 12.
MRS. WEST returned to 1205 Mrkt. parlor 31;
trance test medium; home evenings and Sun.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer?
~0 Ellis »t.; circle Sun. and Weil, evenings.
CATHERINE DEAN, returned: scientific card
reader. 953 Howard St.. cor. Sixth, office 23.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 844 Howard
et.. 10 a. ro. to 10 p. tn.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME. SYHILLE— CradIe to crave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The. Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address ia the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
!«•«« *ucc*ssful. Itoo— i S!0. 827 Market st.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Pest, Flllmore —
Advic* and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
aalmalß treated; degs boarded. Tel. West 63«.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Z.lnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure sold filllnss
from $1 up: ether fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit Irotn
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $3; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-cotorod plates, thinner
und stronger than rubber, warranted for .0
years: fillinc?, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all work
i<alnle«s nnd warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
bnve your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 ;0 up; plntcs, extractions free, $« 50 up; of-
llce hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
P. m. f5. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes; no t-tudents; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas glven^
PARIS Denial Purlors, 233 Kearnv. cor. Bush—
Full FOt of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 2jC.
DR. C. 11. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas. ; painless extraction; hours 9 to .».
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In 8. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 S-aduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
\ CHEAPEST and best in America— Th» Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tne
United States or Canada one year for ii.
postage paid.
DR-SSMAKEnS AND SI3AMSTKESSKS
S. F. Dressmaking. .Ladles* Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary et.: drej.se*
made. $3 up; dresses made over; perfect nt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem: easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALITS BuslneFS^CoTiege. 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. : new hO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
*alt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
KIAj students but two taking full coufse
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
meoh., survey, assay, archl. ; day and even.;
est. lSf.4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market et. ; life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
A— SINGING, piano, French. Spanish: Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. &30 G. G. aye.. r. 6; hr. 2-3.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SECURE nn experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. lOCS Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
d»y and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone. Bush 133. .¦¦ - .-.¦¦;
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Block 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires position:
6 years last place: city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion: best of references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG competent woman with a child wishes
position as housekeeper: city or across the
bay: references. Call at 43S Tenth St., bet.
7 and S In evening.
SITUATION wanted by c. respectable girl In
a nice private family as good -plain cook;
understands housework. A^ply 6318 Minna
St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED by competent woman, situation to do
general housework; moderate wages; one who
is a good cook. Apply at 360 Mission Bt. ; no
postals.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, good car i-er,
wishes steady situation in hotel or club-
house; city or country; best references. 512'/j
Jessie st.
DRESSMAKER would like a few more engage-
ments; perfect fit; $1 50 per day. 416 McAllis-
ter St.. flat 2.
AN American woman with a little girl 7 years
old wants Kenernl housework in the city or
country. 106H Third st.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; good plain cook; city or
country. 10 Stockton place, off Grant aye.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, with some
experience, wishes a position; $15 per month.
Box 11C0, Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework In
private family; wages $20; city preferred.
270 Jessie st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes posi-
tion for plain cooking and light housework;
wages $15. Apply 424^ Grove st.
DRESSMAKING by first-class cutter and fitter
by the day or at home: wages $1 60. Address
422 Minna st.. near Fifth.
WANTED — Situation by two Eastern girls;
housework; city or country- 843 Franklin st
Phone 26^3 Red.
EASTERN girl wants second work and wait-
ing in a private family: city or country. ?43
, Franklin st.. Phone 2658 Red.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleanlng. Call at 30S Fulton st.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Oraut aye.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
second and plain house work. 1113 Fifth aye.,
South San Francisco.
GERMAN girl looking for downstairs work and
cooking; wages $25. Apply at 146 Juniper St.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant, 10th and 11th.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
wishes position; salary to commence $5 a
week. Box 3SI, Call office.
GOOD reliable girt wishes a situation to do
upstairs work and sewing; references given.
Apply at 4434 Jessie st.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish situations to do
general housework; understand cooking well.
Please call 650 Willow aye.
REFINED young lady wishes genteel employ-
ment: office work preferred; no canvassing.
Box 1076. Cull office.
YOCNG German woman wants situation for
general housework and cooking; is good seam-
stress: enn do any kind of work; sleep home.
Call 522 Howard St.. upstairs.
LADY would like a position as housekeeper,
nurse or companion. Address M. B. H., 1426
Ea.tt Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day in
families or nt home. 1137 Ellis st.
YOUNG married woman wishes a situation as
wetnurse. Call cr address 19 Morris aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggafre to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Week'y Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, |l per year.
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED 3IALB.
RELIABLE private family man wants situa-
tion; good hand with horse«. garden, cows,
fowls or aay work about place; first-class
references. Address M. C, 641 Bush st.
YOUNG man, competent bookkeeper and ac-
countant, would like position in some office;
city or country; is good penman and well rec-
ommended. Address E. M. L.. box 1073. Call.
YOUNG man of good address and business ex-
perience wants position In city to solicit or-
ders on salary or commission. Address box
1069, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in a wholesale house by a
mlddle-a?ed German cooper: an all-around
good and reliable man. Box 4593. Call office.
AN elderly man would like a position as night
watchman or to do chores; wages very small.
1522 O'Farrell st.
GOOD competent young man wishes employ-
ment for outdoor or Inside work. Address
box 1072, Call office. :/-:'<",: .<?:. v: ,-
YOUNG man desires position as driver for
wholesale or retail house Call 816 Montgom-
ery St.. or Tel. Davis 182. '
YOUNG man wants position to learn oyster
opening. Box 1074. Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant aye.
DANISH-AMERICAN lad wants any work;
some experience cabinet making. Box 4137.
Call office.
GERMAN man wants work by the day as first-
class house and kitchen cleaning. Address
C. H.. 127 Turk st.
BARBER. 12 years' experience, wishes position
in small town. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204
Turk St.. room 15. San Francisco. W
$25 TO person procuring position for young
man of good habits as collector or any cleri-
cal or office work; good security; no trlflers.
Box 1048. Call.
JAPANESE housecleaning boy wants situation
to work by the day or the hour. SASAKI. 521
Jeosle st.
POSITION in engin« room by young man hav-
ing had two years' experience running trac-
tion and stationary engines. Address box 1025,
Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for tho reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m. -^ r^
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO. 2154
University nve.. Berkeley, Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE] MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mail, COc. 107Ua Market
st.. San Frnnclsco; examlnntlon free. ¦» :
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417V4 Third Bt.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $1$:
Seymour aye., near Golden Gate aye. and
Scott st. Apply G. 11. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
TWO flats; 4 roms each: 1 flat furnished: 2
baths; 2 toilets: all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$6— TWO rooms and yard. 72S^ Harrison Bt.,
between Third and Fourth.
BURROW money on diamonds and watchesi;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
FKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cat.
FURNITUIIE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
¦ t., near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 EO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUIINITUIIE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red, 33.'>3.
COMBINATION folding-bed; describe, state
price, etc. Address box 1070. Call office.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS In each county on coast: permanent
work and territory; article a seller. HER-
RICK, 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C? R. "IIANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT IS3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
15 waltrosres, Pasadora, special rates $20
fi waltrvssos. Coronado Beach, »» fare botn
ways $.'0 |
4 chambermaid?, south, hi fare both ways .".s2o i
10 waitresses, commercial hotels and clty..s^o i
2 chaml«>rmalds to wait 120]
fancy irurer. country $23 f
FAMILY DEPARTMENT |
German cook, $25; housegirl on ranch, $20;
C girls for housework, $20 and %2~>: nurseglrl,
$15. C. U. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MRS. M. E. DAY, recently manager of the
"Hotel Gazette" Employment Bureau, has
resumed charge of our female department
and will lie pleased to see or hear from all
her friends and patrons, old. and new. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear}' Bt.
A— lo SECOND girls, $25 nnd $20, city and coun-
try; chambermaid and waitress. $25: a wait-
ress, private family, $25; 4 nursegirls, $20 to
$25: governess. 1 boy 9 years old, $15; 6 Ger-
man and Swedish cooks, $30 and $35. House-
work—San Rafael, $25; Berkeley, $23, 3 in
family; Oakland. $25; San Mateo. $25; Sau-
sallto, $25; Belvedere, $23. Twenty housework
girls, city ar.d country. $25 and $20; 10 wait-
resses and chambermaids, $20 and $22 50, city
and country; f> arm waitresses, city. $7 nnd $3
per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter 6t.
WANTED— 4 house girls, Alameda. $25: Oak-
land, $23; Berkeley, $30; San Mateo. $20; Bel-
mont. $20; Antloth, $23: Redwood City, $25; 3
cooks, German style. $25; cook, plain wash.
$30; chambermaids and waitresses. $20, y.lty
and country; hotel waitress, $20, country' and
city; restaurant cooks, $7 nnd $10 a week; 5
restaurant waitresses, $5, $6, $7 a week; 50
girls for cooking and housework. $20, $25, city.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
HELP of nil nationalities wanted to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; references required; salary $20. 1615
Clay st. V
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough
and Grove sts.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl:
must understand cooking and housework. 317
Larkln st.
COMPETENT girl to care for children and as-
sist ll?ht second work; $15. Apply 233 Third
aye.. Richmond dirtrlct: Geary street car.
APPRENTICES to learn dressmaking at 321
Bartlett st., between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth.
YOUNG girl as cook; references. Call 538 Sut-
ter st.. between 10 and 3.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework and
plain cooking. 612 Halght st."
YOUNG girl wanted to assist with children.
1562 Post St.. near Lacuna.
SEAMSTRESS wanted by the day. 1562 Post
st.. near Lasuna.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking; family of two. 2142 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In house-
work. Call afteV 9 at 1619 Fillmore st.
GIRL for general housework: wages $15. C 023
Sacramento Bt. Call between 9 and 12.
YOUNG girl Assist housework: 'small family;
$10. 333 Tenth aye., Richmond.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and housework
at baker?-. 1398 Fulton St.
SECOND girl for children and upstairs work.
617 Stelner st.. near Hayes. •¦*.' ¦
GIRL: ceneral housework and cooking; 2 in
family. 150 a Stelner st.
GIRL to care for baby and assist. 113 Bartlett
street.
WAITRESS wanted at WEISM ANN'S. M
Grant aye.
YOUNG girl for light housework. ISO 2 Pine
street.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 4 In fa— l-
lly; no children. 1930 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for light housewoilt; sleep home.
Call at 107*4 Colllngwood St.
WANTED— GirI: light housework: $S per
month; sleep home; no washing. 562 Mission.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
WE want a few more first-class house to
house solicitors; a liberal proposition and
KOpd commissions. Western Advertising Com-
pany, 313 Bush st.
WANTED — Strong girl for general housework.
14C0 O'Farrell st.
OPERATORS on vesta; highest wages paid.
641H Stevenson st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework;
3 In family. S3S Union st.. corner of Taylor.
25 EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
also corder. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk at.
WANTED— A good plain cook; wages $20. Ap-
I»ly at 1140 Oak St.
WANTED— GirI to assist In general housework.
737 McAllister St., near Octavla.
GIRLS looklnc for housework call at MRS. G.
Ij. SCOTT'S. 2143 Dwtght way, Berkeley.
SINGLE ladies wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis St.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outlining Co., 13C6 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10»6 Va-
lencia st. ~.rS~.'
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WASTED MALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
First-class barkeeper with good references,
country hotel. $75 and found: baker and pas-
try cook and assist on the range, country
hotel. $60; night cook, good on short orders
and oysters, $C 0; French waiter, $40; waiter,
$40; upstairs porter, hotel. $23.
MISCELLANEOUS
Teamsters and scraper holders for the Coast
road, free fare, $20; woodchoppers. SOc to
$1 40 a cord; coal miners for New Mexico,
special rate of fare; 2 single hand miners,
?2 SO a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP TO-DAY AND PAY YOUR FARE
laborers for the sawmills and woods, no ex-
perience required; only willing laboring men.
and your fare paid
BLACKSMITH HELPER PILE DRIVER
IS ranch hands and teamsters. J2O and $26 and
found; choremen and milkers $20 t<> $30
12 pruners for orchard and vhteyard. $21 and
found; married laborer for a factory
boy to drive wagon, city -
MARRIED MAN with or without children;
farmer and wife for orchard
blacksmith helper and wife for ranch. $10
and found: for Sonoma. Mendoclno, Santa
Cruz and all other counties we want wood-
choppers and tlemakers; men to cut 4-foot
and stove wood, $1 to $3 per cord; redwood
tlemakers. 9e to 15c each, tools and pro-
visions furnished on some places. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay St.
LABORERS and TEAMSTERS— For new work
we want to level a large tract of land
10 men to drive 2-horse teams.. s2S and found
10 men to drive 4-horsa teams.. sl4 and found
10 wllllnK laborers, no experience necessary.
$2S and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
GERMAN bakery wagon driver.. s2s and found
young German grocery clerk $7 a week
12 cooks, city and country.. s33 and $.">0 and fd
waiters, city and country $23 and $30
second baUer $9 to $10 a week
MURRAY & READY. 634-63 C Clay st.
WANTED
Gardener for private place near city, refer-
ences required, $25 per month and found:
coachman and gardener for gentleman's place
near city. $25 and found ••
second-hand bread baker for city shop, $9 per
wef k "•*
5 miners 52 per day
younr man to work about Institution near
city. $10 per month and found; working fore-
man for ranch near city. $30 per month and
board; woodchoppers. shingle bolt makers,
tlemakers and others. W. IX EWER _ CO..
610 Clay st ;
WANTED— Plumber for Arizona, see boss In
city; 2 milkers and choremen, $25; farmers,
$25': blacksmith's helper, carriage work, $2
to $2 23 days: man and wife, private family.
J3O. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— McDonaId Club porter please call;
restaurant waiter. $40: boy to assist In res-
taurnnt: cooks dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
YOUNG couple to take charge of residence: j
woman cook; man assist: $30; country; light
place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttcr st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. C3O Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie UJ.
WANTED — A sober German or French man;
doing porter work. 13 City Hall square, opp.
Ki~hth st^
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy at Union-square Market.
Stalls 1 nnd 3.
WANTED— A grinder and polisher. Apply
after 8 at 404 Sinter st.
JOB compositor wanted. VANDERWATER
NORTON. 021 Market St.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S 25 Steuart st.
ERRAND boy in store; 13 to 15 years. Apply
at 10S Sixth st., bet. 9 and 12; references. ;
BOOTBLACK. E47 Flllmore st., corner of Mc-
Allister; wages; young man preferred.
BARBER wanted Wednesday evening, Satur-
day and Sunday. 306 Fifth st.
WAITER wanted at Cl 3 Clay st.
BOOTBLACK for bnrber shop and to clean
bath rooms. 120 Geary st.
BARBER wanted to buy 2-chalr shop; cheap.
Apply 1119 A Folsom st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop at a sacrifice; must
sell; good location; $30. 320 Sixth st.
BARBERS — A complete three-c^alr outfit at a
bargain. Call at 911 Larkln st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. Call 219 O'Far-
rell st. or C2O Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Men who can leave the city; no
goods to sell; no experience required; about $23
to $50 needed, but you retain control of It;
send this ad. Address Drawer 146, Chicago.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn ot rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market st..
room 622.
INDUSTRIAL insurance solicitor and collector
wanted. Apply 12:30 to Ip. m., W. H. CHAP-
MAN. 511 Montgomery.
WANTED— A young man with experience as
carriage painter. 933 Brannan St., nr. Ninth.
ACTIVE boy: drive wagon, help in grocery:
wages $3 per week. Box 107 S. Call office.
WANTED— A young man willing to work two
hours a day In exchange for full course in a
business college. Address box 1077, Call.
YOUNG man who resides In the Mission to as-
sist In waiting at table in cafe evenings.
Apply ICOI Valencia st.
OPERATOR wanted en custom coats; also er-
rand boy. 304 Tehama st.
BOY wanted to run elevator. Falrmount Hotel.
Market and Tenth sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per nisht: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 150 breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in S weeks;
day and evening class; special inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and hnirdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st. Brunches— San Francisco. New York,
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. 11. SHEPARD & CO.. attcr-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third nnd Market.
ICO SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 13c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rro.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS.' 13 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: "Cu-rooms. 23c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception cf adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been cpened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH otfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
12OCEAN TBAVETj.
TOYO KISJEN KAISfIA,
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COB-
ner of Flrrt and Brazilian streets. 1 p. a.,
for YOKOHAMA an<i HONGKONG, catling at
Kobe <Hioso). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkon* with steamer* fcr
India, trtc. No canco received en board en flay
NIPTON* MARU '.Friday. Feb. S
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 21
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight ar.d passage apply at company's offl:e.
421 Market st.. comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Apent.
»orxiir.n> i-a< iric conri.lT.
(r»CtriC ntTTBK.)
Trmlas !•»»• »¦«! nr« •!•«« l» «rrl»» a»
VIM Mtt\l'lM'O.
Ofatn Li: r. Foot of Market SUrst)
*.s»va — Fjk>m Drcz?ißn 13. 1539- — itun
•7;4)©a Be r.Hs, Sussnn, Emira, VteavlZe,
. Rmnsey and McnscEto *7:-l3»
•7:ot/ A Saur* Erprcsc-IteTis. WUlowa,
Red Th.s. Tcrtlind *7:45»
*7iS*a Hvtloez; ¦- mi ' ¦ -. . ¦>. V*^ejo. Napa,
CaiistociaC'lSic'a Kosa ••s!sf
••:»•* The Oreilind Limited— Osdec. Dea-
»er. OraaiiA. Ciicaco •3il3j
••»¦•* 3su Josr. LiTtrrcors. Htocktrm.
lone. S*crm::icr!to. riac-rriUa,
Mary«Ti:K Vhico. Ue.l Uiuff. M»l3f
; *4:3t)% 'Milton, Oakdaieand # l:l5r
•O:O4I* Haywanis. N U.s arxl Way .Stations. • 1 1 : 13a
•»:0»a DiTfe. V7ocdiK:a. KsJihU Leading,
MaxT»Ti:!e. Orotill?. »7:45*
•9:«0* A:.zz.:: ¦ Jxrresa— Ogdeu an.l E3S* *y:li»
•t:<K»* Martlnei, Tracy. Lai^rcp, SttockSos.
Merc-tl a:id F.-ctbo. •1»:I3»
•»:«»o* PcztCovU, lijaco. M.-ja»a aoU Id
Ar*.-:-- ••:43p
¦IO:OOa VaU jo. Martiaes aaU Way Stations *«: 13F
» 1 1 ;OO a Haytrarua. Nilcs ar>l Way SUticns. •3:43#
•l*r©<*» JiUes, LiTertaore, btockton. Sacra-
m^to. M ¦:.' ¦ ¦:¦ \. Hasford, VL-Ci,
Pciwrrllld •!:!¦»
fl:«*r Sacramento l!i*er SUnmers t«»iOOF
*a^4>F Hayward'. Nilea and Waj Biations. 'ai^aF
*4):*4>r Marttoez. San lUami, Vallejo,
Napa, Oati»tn««. Siuita licsa **il9*
•*»4»4»» B«cicl», Va<a»ille, SacrmnnnWiv
f* ¦ V.-uo<ll»i,0. KaisbU Landing,
MarystiU*. OrotDla , •io:i5 k
•4iS»» Ntlea, Haa Jose aD<l Stockton •7«ia»
•3:OOrTh- Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno,
Bakers^cl.l. Sjaogra fcr sJaou Bat-
bars, I^s Azgs&3 Mo-.n*
•3 .«4»p Bccsei LuTited-El Paso. N«w Or-
leacsasd East «1«tOA
•S*3«r Btockton. Merced. Freuo »iai«3r
•r,-.zor Ti.-i.-o. l.iker ,' 1. mi.:* lt:irbmra.
Ls« A=i .£«. I>»rn!a(; £1 I"vso,
New Orleans and East •<•«¦»*
•3iS«r Hants Fo Itonte— Atlantic Eigreta
for Mcja»« a«xl East •«s4.lp
••:••? Ilaywards, KilesanJSan Jccs *7i4n*
t6t3ofVallejo »I2jl.Tp
•0.3«p OrifEtal Mail-Oj.!en and Eart »SiaO»
JT:OOr Tailejo, Futt 1 . .st j. *:..l W*i Sta-
Uoaa. X»:4»t
•Bs»3r Oregon aad Cal:.' r:i» i:s; r •«. >¦¦»>
rnxent... Marjavil!*. I>. !!rg,
IVwtlan.i. r«gae So.i.irt »t»\ Kv>i *WilsA
COAST I>l\ Ivlo-i i v.irrnn <<axge).
(FcctctM.-rkctStrcti.)
•3:13 a Newark.Or.t'.rTiilc.f-anJose.F'lroß,
j)oul«l«rCieek.i>ai>taC'nuiasd Way
Stations ¦OtO4»t
t*<lSr Hawaii. CecterrtU*. Saa Joae, Xww
Ahaauen. Felton, Itou-'tier C'lrek.
Bant» liv and 1 rncMc*l Way
btatlooa fI4»KM*
M:lsp y««uk. Ban Jcjw. Lcs G»f oa ••:••*
, »Ilti3r H at.rV Exsznloa. Saa Jon aod
: War Station 3. f7»»OT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Turn SII ra»SKSC3— Tut ef Hiikri Slrt.t (Sis l>—
•7:19 901 ll:00a.K. tI:C3 *2:33 UZt
. ?«*3 t!:C3 •«:C3r.n.
fr.ietr.4J3 — TjjL a'.V-»J»i». — 'ffO •CO 13:09*.A.
ti2:ca «i:; 3 t2:S3 *3::: H::3 •3::;r.n.
COAST DltlSlltf (UroadCaßK«).
(Third a;ni Townstiwl Sta.)
1«:I»A Ocean View. UOOUI tUrx Vnaasco.. t«>«Or
*T:OWa S*:i J- if «' .1 War ••¦--;.:< (New
Alioa'len Wetln^«ilajsoul;) # li*4>F
:»»i4>«* Han Jo»e. Tr« Fi:«JS. Saufc* (tra,
Paciiio UroiSL i'.-.i-i Kob'.ea, Saa
s I.nia Ol.i»; o. Hnrf, Locpoe aod
Principal Way Bt.itlous Mil#»
' •lOitv* eauJoMaa! Way SUtJons I *OiS34
•llia«A Ban J39 aid Way >:«•''.: ...... *BiBev
. «-j:43i- tian M*r—. l:-iw. 0.1. M»r.l ) Park,
' Palo Alto. Santa Clan. BonJoaa,
Tt« H-m. Sa»U Cm, 3i.i2M,
M r.rer-7 jj I Pifitto tiroTa...... tI4HS4IA
tSsilnr San. lose au<l Way Station* •7i3<»»
fl:11p . c iq J¦-*i i Principal Way rotations *9:43 a
«3:OOf Baa Jcse and Prinei pal Way Sutioca ?»:©•*
*."»:3«r PauJ<«san<lPr;DCirslWay SUtiooa ••:33a
•8:3»» fan Jcse and W»y Stations t*s4>**
Hl;<sf Saa Jcsc »-i.l W»y om^cd, *7:34)f
A for Momiilc" P lor A f teraoon.
* Dallj- t -¦"-•¦¦»- * » "T 'e 1 t rucday only.
b Saturday np'.j.
AXseadan and Fridars « T:,urs.!yj »rd Bssdara,
CILIFOBNIA NORTaWESTEXN IT. Cft
LESSEE
Sil FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroo Perry, Foot vt Market St.
SAN FRANCI3CO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TTEEK DAYS— T:SO, 1:90, 11X0 a. m. ; 13:SJ.
3.33. ;.!¦¦, 130 p. zn. Thursdays— Exlr» trip
at 11:23 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:M
and 11 :SO p. m.
BUNDAT&— S:CO, »:33. 11.C0 a. m. : 1.18. I:2a,
6:00. «:20 o. ro.
9 AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
VTEKK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. ra. : I*:4J»
3:40, 6:10 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trip* **
IJS ar.d S:2S p. m.
i BVNDATS-S:l3. »:<?. 11.1J a. 0.; 1:40, I:4a, | : e«,
€ 21 o m.
Between San Francisco and ScSmets«n Park
I *a:r.» •cr."-lu> aa abov*.
1.. . .
L?av» >rrt-»»
I Ean Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
j October 13k 1 •
¦Wee* Pun- 15S&. Sen- j WaeH
Days. day*. Destination days- I Daya.
T:3oam B:<W aza Xorato, 10:40 asa; »:«0 att
33> pra' 9:23 irr. P»:a:cni. (:uS pra^S:3S aav
• :1Q pm 3:00 ps: Santa Rooa. ~:3S pm (:3 pra
Fulton.
7:33 aa Windsor. D.S am
BnKMbozK
Lytton.
Gey^enrllle.
1:59 pra 1:00 ara Cloverdale. 7: 53 pea trtl pxa
IMmm 'HopUad and " ' ~
140 ta UkJah. 7:B ptaj C:S pm
t:*Qam] ~ !3:Sta
; 1:00 «B)' GaeraertHs. IE pea
1:30 prni 1 «:H pra
!:Uun l:Cota Sor.otna 19:40 am l;«3ia
) and
! 5.79 pm; 5*M pm dm E3lea. f ro 9 pm t:tt pra
j 7:30 amj 9:00 am S*bastopc*. 19:40 azn'lO:S as»
' t:SO pmi 6:00 pm . 7:33 pin,' (:SS pa
frjf) connact at Santa Rosa for Mark W«at
Spr;n^s and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Lyttoa
' lor Lytton Springs: at O«ys»«rviii* tor SkatfT*
¦ Springs; at Clever 3al» for tb* O«y*ers; at Hop-
; land for Duncan Springs. Klghlaad Sprtnya.
; Ke'-eayTllle. Carisbad Bpris«a. So<la Bar. Laic«-
port and Bartlett Springs: at I'i.ai tar VlchT
' Springs, Sa--at-jra Sprt:. j«. Bio* L&k«a. l«ar«t
; D«r» Lake. Witter Sprln**, Upp«r Laka. Porao.
Potter Vall»r. John Day's. Rlvarslda. LJwrier**,
Bucknell's. Saah«drtn Htlshts. HBllrt^*, Orr**
Hot Springs. MescJodno City. Fort Bra.fr>
Westp-^rt, Uaal, Willitu, LaytonTill*. Cum-
I rr.lr.» s. Bell's Sprincs, Harris, Ol»n ». Djsr.
; ficctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Meadar roand trtv Uetxj ml r*>
I doc*d ratrs.
Or. Sunday roand txto t}«k«t* to «JJ potatm
! beyond Baa RaXa«l at half rat««.
Ticket Office*. e;0 Market St.. CTtronicl* b4d«u
H. C WHITTNO, R. X. RTAJI.
General Manager. G«n. Paa*. Affaat.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest martin; and most
luxarlous train acrosa the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fkanciscoi
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Prtdajr aad
saturday, arri\inj tn Crtlcazo at 2:15
P..1 In time to connect with all limited
tralaj for New York.
OVERLAND Lexm San Francisco at S:»
FVDDFt^ P* * T! - w ''t" Palace aad Tourist
iw iiv cars for Kansas Cnjr, St. Louis,
UAILT Chicago and East.
Local trains t*tween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Eanford, Visalla, Tatars n/wn
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 623
•pr»ic/~o Market Street. Phone Maia
way; Sacramen'o.2ol J Stieet; Saa Jose, 7 W**t
Saata Clara Street.
HOBfH PACIFIC COAST RAILBOAD.
?to H»WIMHf P4MTT. \
Coiaarseaelng October 1. IJS».
TROM BAN HUS CISCO TO inLL VALtst
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WBKK DATB-«7:C«. *»:S3. U:M a. a*. l «I:4*V
•»:«. 8:15. « 80. •:*> p m.
I EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley aa4 Baa ll*,
I fael. en llcndars, Wrdaeidays and SxVarZzy*,
! at S.OO and ll h p. n
BUNDATS-^OO. 'lO:*, •\\:» a. ra.; «I:U^
! fli. *4:4 J. 1:10. 1:60 p. m
Trst.-.s rsarked :*) rufi ta San Q-j»n?la.
rROM BAN RATAF.L TO 3AN TRA.X CISCO,
WEEK DATB-SB. •» :SB. 7:45. •»:« a. nx|
1 *1J:IO. J:«, »3:« O. *t:IS p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Kondays. Wrta««Jiy« 104
; earurdays at t 40 and 19:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 4:IO. •?:». 10:00. 11:4* a. aa,l
•1:40. *l:13. 4:45. N:JO p. m.
Trains rr.a»k«d (•> srtrt from Pan Qne=t!n.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DATS-S:«. «:4S. 7:3. »:4J a, mj
11 IS. >:S. 1:45. 3:23 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on M-wUa.Ts. TCetfT-.eaday* »rhj
Saturday* at 7 .-«'¦ and 16:» p. m.
6UNDAY-— » X-. 1»:C» a. m. : II o*. J:Vi. Ida
1.-CO. «:4t 9- o
THROT7OH TRArN?.
1:50 a. ra. w**k diys— Ciradero ar.d way rattana.
1:40 p. bi. Eaturdars— Tirna'M and — sy ftat'onsu
j |i» ft. n. S Jiiy :-Xt-a.ta vti war tuuou}
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
<*>* Steamers leaT« Broadway
I ' jjf;^ wharf, San Francisco:
• tS^^ Fcr Alaskan port*. 15 a. sa..
' S-i'SSw'Sfc Jaa - **• -*¦ 31 - Feb. 5. Chargi
! Slg«\« to company's iteamers at
'. "^ For 'Victoria. Vancouver.
lr* I ®£|S''S\ fB. C), Port Townsend,
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m., Jan.
n 21 n Feb. 5 and every fifth day thereafter;
change it Seattle to this company's tteanwr.
rcr Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Rt ¦ at Vancouver to i™ r\ «y.
For Eun-ka (Humboldt Bay). J p. ta.. Jan.
IS U & Feb. a, and every fifth day thereafter.
For lanta Crus. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
nc©£ PcrtHartord <San LuU Obispo). Gavloia.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro
East SaiT Pedro (Loa Angel e^) and Newport. »
i 7 m .Jan. If. 23. «. »U Feb. 4. and every
fourth* day thereafter. -»_._,
Fcr c an Diego, stopping only at Port Harrora
(San Luis ObUpo). Santa Barbara. Pert Los
Ansreles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles), 11 a. m..
Jan 21. 25 ». Feb. 2. and every fourth day
Magdalen* Bay. San Jew* del
Cabo, Maxatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. .ta of each
further Information obtain company's
t0 The' company reserve* the right to change
tteamers. sailing dates aad hour* cf sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen Agts..
W Market st.. San Franelsoo.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Columbia, from Tacoma. for San Francisco
both In tow of tug Tyee. and collided fi>e miles
outside of Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Cottage
c\'n DlEGO— Sailed Jan 53— Schr Azalea, for
! Grays Harbor: stmr Luella, for San Francisco;
! V S Ftmr Adams, for .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Pasa-
e pORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan J3— Stmr
j Cottage City, from Skaguay; Fr bark Colbert.
fr ASTORIA-Salled Jan !3-Stmr Columbia, for
S FORT^BRAGG-Sailed Jan 23-Stmr Noyo. for
''GREENWOOD- Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Alca
sSSidSSn'S^w Alcatraz, for Port Loe
APORt"IO3A PORt"lO3 ANGELES— Arrived Jan J3— Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Nanalmo.
EX-REKA-Arrived Jan S3-Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 22; stmr South Coast and schr
Oceania Vnnre. hence Jan 21.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived Jan 23— Schr
Ethel Zane, from Tort Townsend.
IfT^NKME-ArrTv'd "jaT b-Stmr CoQuille
River, hence Jan 21.
EASTERN PORT,
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
Jan 22— Stmr Irrawaddy. from Philadelphia, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS,
KINGROAD— Arrived Jan 21— Fr bark Tou
"haMb'kßG- Sailed Jan IS— Br ship Many
down* for Pan Francisco.
ACAPULCO-Pailed Jan 21-Stmr San Elan
for San Francisco. '¦ _
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 23— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.-
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 23— Br bßric Ivanhoe.
""NAGASAKI— Sailed Jan 15— Aus stmr 61am.
f °ANTVVERP— Sailed Jan 10— Br bark Heath
bBTANb 8TAN f LEY~F I-«*Ued Dec »-Br ship Beecfc
bank. from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
MAZATLAN-To salt Jan 23— Oer stmr Vol
umnla. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORTLAND, Me— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Do
minion, from Liverpool." '¦ ' ';, •>-¦
BYDNET. NSW— Arrived Jan U— Stmr Marl
posav from Ban Francisco.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Jan tt — Etmr
Trave, from Bremen.
Time—*; '2^U" % :W\: s -i. 1:15: mile. 1:40^. Good start. Wcm handily. Second and
third driving. Winner W. R. L^neleres b. p.. by Falsetto-Silver Thread.
Silver Tone sighted first. Wyoming had a tempestuous voyape. almost losing his deok
loa<l at the start Merry B^y scuttled. Horton ran Into a gale, entering pert Jury rigged.
Prratched-Summer S?. Choteau 89, The Buffoon SS. Tuthlll S3.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND BACBTBACU:, Tuesday, January 23, 1900.— Sixty-second
day of the "Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2SEE.iBST.ST. Established
In 1H34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Loot Man hood. Iv b! : ity or
disease rearing on bod vand mind and
skin Dfeessea. '1 he doctor cures -ib?!.
others fall. Try him. Chances low
<nrf«»narantffd. Callorwritd
Or. J. IT. bIBBO.V, Box 1857. 5aa Pranctaca
AMERICAN LINE.
NIW YORK. SOUTHAMPTOK. LO3DOH. PABII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Jan. 24 I New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 31 | St. Louis. ......Feb. 21
St Paul Feb. 7 | Friesland Feb. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York, aod Antwerp,
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frieeland Jan. 24 I Kensinrton ....Feb. U
Southwark Jan. Jl | Noordland Feb. 21
Westernland....Feb. 7 I Frlesland Feb. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight aad
. passage apply to
INTERNATI6NAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
30 Montgomery rt., cr any of Its agencies.
Builders' Contracts.
Adam Andrew (owner) with Thomas L. Wand
(contractor), architects Havens & Toepke— Ex
cavating, filling, pumping, planking, concrete
foundations and floors for a two-story brick
building (for bottling works), on lot on SD
corner of Brannan and Sixth streets, B 137:6 by
E 57-8- $1770.
Same owner with John T. Long (contractor),
architects tame- All work except plumbing,
•ewerlng, gasfitttn*, etc.. for same on same;
$10 ST?
Same owner with Gulick & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architects same— Plumbing, gasfltting
and sewering for game en same; $lO6J.
Time— H. :lS l i: **. :37 l i; H. I'M: Vi. l:27*i- Good start. Won firs? three driving. Win
ner Bums "&' Waterhouse's eh.' h.. by imp. Cavalier-Herschel.
Gauntlet rounded the stake r^at first by a narrow margin. Over th» longer eour»e.
Montallade would have won. Whitcomb lost his spinnaker at the critical moment. Lost
Girt foundered with all on hoard. Yule had a bad list to starboard.
Scratched— Ptromo 10*, O'Connor 100. Dolore 101.
beloved wife of Gus Gabriel, mother cf Em-
ma, Gertie and Walter Gabriel, and slater of
Frank McGlnnU. a native of Washington,
D. C. aired 41 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OAFFNEY— In this city. January 23. 190").
Michael Gaffney, a native of Ireland, aged
7» years 3 months and 13 daye.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ti> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth Etreet. near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
GREVE— In this city. January 22, 1900. Wll-
helm, beloved son of Marie Greve. a native of
Bremen. Germany, aged SS years and 6
months.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at J o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENEY— In this city. January 21, ISOO, Juliana,
widow of Richard Heney Sr.. and mother of
the late William J. Heney of San Francisco,
Richard Heney Jr. of Mountain View, Fran-
cis J. Heney of San Francisco, G. Ben Heney
of Tucson." Ariz.. Mrs. John Haynes and
Helena E. aod Elizabeth S. Heney of San
Francisco, a native of Germany, aced 76
years and 6 months.
t7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence, "C2l Fell street, thence by 12:30
o'clock broadgauge boat to Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city. January ». 1900. at her
residence, 224 Sixth avenue, Mary Hlgglns.
beloved wife of John Higsins, a native of
Ireland.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ISOLA— In this city, January 23. IMO. Cath-
erine boloved wife of the late Joseph Isola,
and mother of Daniel Isola of New York.
Mrs. M. Rettaellata of St. Louis, Mo.. Mrs.
Mary Glanninl of Sacramento. Cal., and the
late John Isola, a native of Italy, axed 77
years 5 months and S days.
KRUSE— In Llvermore. January 23. 1900. "Wil-
liam H. Kruse, beloved brother of Edward
and Emil T. Kruse, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 3J years 2 months and li days.
LONERGAN— In Tucson, Ariz., January 17,
1900, Peter J.. beloved brother of Joseph P.
Lonprgaa, a native of Ireland, aged 03 years.
lETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to be present this day (Wednes-
day), at St. Dominic's Church. Steiner street,
where a reauiem mass will be celebrated for
'the reoose of his soul, commencing at 8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery in
family vault by 11:30 o'clock train from
Twen'ty-flfth and Valencia streets.
MARTIN— In this city. January 23. ISCO, Mary
Martin, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
MORRISON— In this city. January 22. 13C0. Jo-
seph H. Morrison, beloved husband of the
late Ann E. Morrison, and father of Fannie,
Joseph R. and Samuel L. Morrison. Mrs. J. J.
Byron. Mrs. Charles Bauer and Mrs. J. J.
Johnson, a native of Lynn, Mass., aged SO
years.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2:20 o'clock, at his late residence.
H37 Jackson street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city, January 23. 1900, Herbert
J. W. Olscn. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
A. Olsen (nee Gomez), a native of San Fran-
cisco, atred 7 months and 4 days.
CXFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite*! tr- attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau. 300 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the Spanish Church of Nuestra
Senora d* GuaialUDe. where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OSTRANDER— In Oakland. January 22, l? 00.
Dr. Jasper A. Ostrander, beloved husband nf
Kmma S. Ostrander, a native of SnelllnK.
Merced County. Cal., aeed 44 years ami 15
d:\ys. tSuisun ami Merced, Cal., papers
please copy.)
C^Funeral ser\i>e9 this day (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence. 675
Filbert street, corner of Kighth. Oakland.
O'TOOLE— In Pan Rafael. January 22, 1900,
Mrs. Anne O"Toole, beloved mother of Mr?.
Kllzabeth Boyd. Mr* Mary A. Bustin and
John F. O'Tnole. ami crandmr. ther of Mrs.
<'lvde N Brow-re. Mrs. Charles Almy, Wil-
lia"m J.. Th^rcas P., Kstella and M. E. Boyd.
John Frank and Georgia Bustln and John,
Fred an.i Lawrence O'Toole, a native of Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged 89 years 2 months and 4
days.
C7Friends an<! acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 19:99 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. E. Boyd, E street, thence to St.
Raphael's <"hurrh. where a requiem mass will
be said for the repose ot her soul.
REARDON— In Rio Vista. January TO. 1300.
Mamie Reardon. beloved Uauzhter of Michael
and the late Nora Reardon, sister of James
ami Johanna Reardon. and niece of Mrs. Mary
Harvey, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years fc months and 2" day*.
CTFriends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten<l the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at y o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J- Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy, Cross
Cemetery-
ROBINSON— In this city. January 21. 1900. Ma-
hala F., beioved wife of the late John C
Robinson, a native of Penn!n;ton. N. J., aged
S6 years 0 months and 17 days. 1 Washington,
D. C. and New Jersey paper* please copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. SIS Mason street, be-
tween O'F»rrell and Geary. Interment I. O.
O. F. C«metery.
ROULLIER— In this city. January 23. 1900.
Camille Roulller. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Camille Roullier, and stepbrother of Gerald
ar.d Earl Roulller, a native of San Francisco,
a;ecl 23 years.
CTFuneral to-morrow (Thursday), at 9
o'clr»ck. from hi* father's residence. 523 Gulden
Gate avenue, ther.ce to French Church of
Notre Dame dcs Victotre*. Bush street, where,
a ma?? will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EACHS— In this city, January 22. 19>Vi, Adoiph
s'achs. beloved husband ef Dora Sachs, and
father of Carl Victor Sachs, a native of Bres-
lau, Germany, aged H years. A member of
Standard Lodge No. 393, I. O. O. F.. of New
York City.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten-1 the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2114 Baker street. Funeral services
will be held under the auspices of I. O. O. F.
Relief Committee. Officers and members cf
Crystal Council No. 4. Chosen Friends, are
requested to attend. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
EATTER— In the CUy and County Hospital.
January 23. V«0. Louis Satter. a native of
Ireland, azed SO years.
SKRE— In this city, January 21. 1900, John
Sere dearly beloved husband of Katie Sere,
father of Joseph. Jennie and Annie Sere, son-
in-law of the late Mary Bell, and unrlc of
John Ser». a native of France, aged 43 y«. a r?.
C7"Fr!ends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11:50 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner of Edlnbureh street and
Persia avenue, thence to the French Church
of Notre Dame dcs Vietolres. thence to Cali-
fornia Hall, where service? will be held, un-
der the auspices of the Llgue Henry IV.
SMART— In this city. January 23. 1300. Kitty
"smart, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 44
WALTHEN— In this city. January ?3. l?0C.
Christian*, beloved wife of the late Frederick
GuEtave Walthen, and beloved mother of Mrs.
Mary Bauman, a native of Germany, aged 74
years 8 months and 2 days. v \-.^ :
"WILSON— In this city. January 13, 1900. Maria
Fredericka Wilson, beloved sister of Mrs.
Caroline Reel and Mrs. Louisa Bahn. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 73 years.
YOUNG— In Danville. Cal.. January 22. 1900.
Robert S. Young, son of Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Young, and brother of Mrs. J. L. Geddes of
Los Gatos and Sarah L. Young, a native of
Contra Costa County, aged 23 years 10 months
and 1 day. _. ,
CTTuneral this day (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock, from Danville Presbyterian Church.
EAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPPIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sauaallto Ferry. "
Week Day* 9:3b a. m. aad 1:43 p. tn.
Sundays 8:00, 10:0" a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Bteaai-heated closed car on all trains.
Fare— £aa> Francisco to Summit and Retsm.
$1 40.
PERSOXALS.
LEaDINO theatrical aad masquerade cos-
tun.er*; rrak»-up and wigs: country orders so-
liclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market at.
MASSAGE and medical cyn-.=a.«tlcs Eiven by
experienced nurs*. Address bex 4227. Call.
FIGEH'S sweepers are • ¦• best and cheapest.
All klndb repaired tad fcr sale at 342 Sutter.
JF ycu with full value for your cast-cS cloth-
tr.ir ca" on Zl. COKKN. IST Third Et.
OOLCMAM buys cicthlng. bric-a-brac, tools,
carpet*, old gold: send for him. 50S Kearny.
BEST price fcr errt-eff clcthing end bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. r:9 Third ft.; *»nd postal.
IXXBSGTXHnS CO.. hair rpeclallsts. crow hair
cr no pay: bork fcr Fttrr.c. € Eddy st.
TVANTEii^bid geld tor tr.anurg. O. NOLTSX
jewelc-r. 24» O" .-rell. bet. Powell ar.d liiscn.
6TAMMERING corrected: bocLl-t. J. WHITE^
HCT.X. A.M.. Ph T>.. :?!» Lir.den. Oakland.
PXIYSICIASS AXD MKGEOXS.
rARALTSXS;
ALL KEBVOCS DISEASES;
OSSIFTCATIOK;
HAUL* TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL KNLARGEiIENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
6CROFULA. KCZEMA: SKIN DISEASES;
CONSUMPTION:
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where a!l ethers have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatTnent.
Write fcr rtl"rerrff. Consultation free.
DR. L J. STRATTON. 5C7. »^8 and 6C9. Par-
rott butlfl:cg. tO%tr the Emtwiinm.)
DR. r. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
HZl'-t Market st.. bet. Sixth ar.d Seventh.
HUAI, ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
_____ .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & JO..
G3S Market etre^t.
BUSH-ET. BARGAIN.
114,000— Eart cf Van Ness kve. ; 3 houses. 2 cf ».
1 cf i r^cn-.s cii bath; present rents
152 60 p«r month; at email expense in-
come caa be doubled; lot 11x120 feet to
BUSINESS CORNER.
fSOOO— N. E. comer; fire SSrCrIOO feet: new aad
modern building, ccntain-.as' S stores and
fiat cf S rocsss and fcath: ermrr raocern
improvement ; rents Jtl j>er month; all
retted wader lea^e.
¦WEETERN ADDmON RESIDCNCE.
•7550 — Large, ejeg&r.t modern resiSence: 11
rooci aid tath attic, bisesiezt. sta.b'.e.
etc.; en Plr.e tt.. r.ear Pierce; eunny side
slreet; large ict; *I:4x:S7:S feet; fXX
bask raortgtce caa rema:n-
CHEAP MISSION FLATS.
K2S*— Rests SZS per rr.^r.:b; just <->rr.pl#t«-; ; near
raniilwiini *r<! Market tts.; 3 elegant
moderr. ' - cf €. € ani 7 rooms ar.d
bath: a!l modern improveinenta; lair-r lot.
2ixXSt feat; mcrtg««re *4«&0 can remain.
FINE CORNER LOT.
SNAP.
$5000 — 8. E. cor. Do.ores and Twenty-second
sts.; c'.zt £1x117. € feet to alley in rear; el-
egart sl;« for store ar.d flats; bitumen
street; cement sidewalk; cars pass; will
subdivide.
PTEINF.R-S7. CORNER FLATS.
S47s*— Two e'ee flats of 5 rocms and bath; rents
(42 50 ixx mocth; lot CixSl .3 feet; near
Baeil #t "
PRETTY MISSION HOiTE.
CffIO— TISOO mcrta-age can remain: Ccattar.ocga
«.." near Twer.ty-s#ccnd; lot ::x:!7 6 feet
to rear alley; cottage of E rocms and
bath; stable; rents f:7 per month.
NEAR POST AND TAYLOR.
f!W— Lot t' t x£7:« fe»t; house 6 roetrss; grouni
*xrth rrice ukM.
MAKE OFFER.
tr:'O— Eatk m^rtrage caa remain as long a* de-
sired: highest bid abov« that sum takea
let £3xl2a feet ca talrt ••rldeat atreet la
city
CHEAP HOMJ3.
*Ko— On Twentieth St.. r.ear Noe: nice cottage
of t rooms: rer.u 110 per taonth: beautiful
*le» ot entire c'.xy.
MUST BE SOLD.
S*T5-Re^ac*l frcm lU5i: $459 bask mortgage
e*a remain; J lr;*.s at the Intersection cf
the boulevard to the Cl:ff House aid the
boulevard from tee Presillo to Golden
Gate Park; lot* r3xlK».
EASTON. KLDRIDGE * CO^
tZi Market atreet.
PALDWIN & HOWELL, — — —
L« MONTGOMERY ET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
»«N*)— Octavia «.. o«sj- Broadway; 2-story
re*ldesc* of S rooms aad bath; lot 21x117:6;
rents $4i
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
EcUre block, bounded by Folsim st.. Treat
aye.. 12th and 34th «s.. being offered in sub-
division- Call at ofSc« and r<* diagram; 11100
and upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
»12.(W0— Half block fn Richmond district:
f renting no Point Loboa aye.; graded and street
AN OFFER WANTED.
tflPJ— California «..near Van Ness: pood cot-
tage of 7 nx>is» and bath; lot 3Crxl37:«.
llS.oW— Offer warste-5: big Larpain; bert r-art
-of VaJenria n.; rest fio» ppr month: larre lot.
4Exfc> feet. »Ith splendid lmprovemeats; coo-
sietiag of store* aad flaw.
MISSION STREET CORNER.
Ws.ooo— Mis*ion e'.re^t. near Second: Cl:Sx7t:l
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
V 5-. r &* — Choice pleoe of busir.ecs property
north of Market rt., ar.d within 4 block* of
Powe'.l and Eddy; improvem^nu censist of
store* aad lodflcg-bous* above of 23 rooms;
CORNER I/>T.
>V>CO Ca^i aiaento «t^ between Tjig-jna and
Buchaaaa; 4d127:8^4\. .
BALDWIN A- HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
%VZ AND UPWARD— Rapidly growing reel-
ce^*oe sectloft.
Oa very easy payrri*-Rts; cheic* lots !n the
Hock recently *übdi\-ide»i. bounded ty H and I
•rts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth avef. : ripht on
tb» Park and the new Ninete*«nth-ave N.ule-
vard: a numb*r of lots already sold; balance
bound to *e:l quickly; fine investments; good
building Vas.. all ready: lots on official grade;
ir.axadanr.lied; water pipes laid; plar.k eide-
».-.-.' 6 per cent interest only.
PRICES fc£o UPWARD— TOUR OWN TERMS
Money advanced for building purpose*; e-l»c-
trlc cars r«e« the property: we this block at
er.ee. Go to our branch office to-day, cor. H
•t. t_-1 Ninth «ye. : price li*tJ'. etc.. there or at
our OfflC*. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
19 Mor.tg-jmery st.
A. M. 6PECK A CO..
«€7 Market St.. ©rp. Kearny.
JU7.600
Btere* and of flees; near White House; 2
trcaXMge*: rents (£35 net.
Hlii »t ooraer: '%"..'.: stores aad 70 rooms -
wlU paj 7 per cent net.
Near Btockton and O'Farre'.l; M ft. front;
4-stcry brick; atort* and M rooms abore.
txuua.
Near Hiir aad Jones; store and tt rocms
abcrc: rccdera; pays 7 per cent net.
$24,000. 4T
Elxth mt.i 7» feet front; 4 ¦tores; renta WOO.
t22.UA.
Third rt. : about SS ft. from Market; store
«Uid lodclsf -houM above.
(21,000.
Missies et.. r.ear Third: lot 40xS3; best bax-
gfcia ca Miaaion at. to-day.
Clos« to Market and Taylor: store* er.cj Cats;
tC feet front; about 1100.
* new flats: 4 bloclca from. Market, north;
recta $11£6 yearly.
Port «.; I rood flst»: rents M 0; lot 27x110 ft.
Lot inOxlOC feet, and cozy modern residence;
Cue stable; warm belt of the Mission.
_A^M. FPECK & CO.. 4*7 Market st.
fit*— BAROAIN; large IS-story. blgh stoop, i
bay- window c-.tta«e: vestibule entrance; bev-
«^d pii>t« t;!ars double doors: handsomely
paaeied 7-fcot wide hall, w.tn winding stalr-
kbm) and SW-foct jiewel po^t; tarior 14x17, I
wairftjttd 4!ninp room zixU; sitting rocm ]
fijxU: extension kitrhen 10x13;
ceiling* 12 feet high; ventilators ; plaster ccr-
dices: partrj'. glass closet, etc.; 2 l»*d rooms ¦
kcd bpthroora upctalra; 7-foot hirb cellar un- <
der all. with «3oubie-door entrance under bay;
iot 2ixlT<). with a rustic stable ICxSj at end:
mairniiicent view: all for f ISCt ; no agents J.
W. NEWTON. 1130 lita aye.. sear X at.. Bun-
eet district, t blocks :rom Gclden Gate Park.
FOR isaie. chi>ep— On Howard ft . betiretn
Fourth ecd Filth, lot 2ixW, with &-story •
bu!l<J!rg renttac at $145 per menth. Apply !
BEW DRUG CO.. Alameda. j
lf£*' ccttapea. hcuaea and flats for sale on j
Pierce end v. .- :,, r «• - . near Halght ; over M !
r.ouf*» «nld in same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
fS76t»-LOT and 3-« tory bnck house; eunny side
Ecuth Park, near Third st.; i rocms: also
larre ahrp < n r.^. yar d. R y WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. Cl 4 Can building.
FOII «*l*. cheap — New 2-story houses. 7 rooms;
latrrt lisproven;cnt«: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Ca»tr<*-et. cars: patent sidewalk.
SS-%— HOI'SK end let; bargain; pert cash If de-
»!red. McLAUGHLTN & CO.. 777V4 Market st- |
CTIEAPEST and best In America— The'weetty I
Call. t6 pa«es, ten* tn nr.y address In tht j
United Etaics. jjcstpaid, lor |1 per rax. j
REAL ESTATE — COUSTRY — For Sale
NEAR town In Teharna County. 444 acres; 65
acres full bearing orchard: 200 acres loam; 140
acres good ior wheat: balance pasture; house.
bam: price lU.4JQO; easy terms. M. ORIFFIN.
Tl> Market St.; Illustrated bock fre*.
6ANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farmin* and
ctock lands; cwner*« sale la tracts of 5 to 500
acres: easy terms, cr will exchanc« for Saa
Fr»nc;«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
tt. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. daily.
MH.LBRA!" lots ana blocks; fenceS: watar
works. BUTTERFIELP. SI7 Market St. _
YES IS per acre up; farm lift; free fare. M.
GRIFFEN. T» Market et. near Call building.
CHF.APEPT end b»st in Araerica— Tie Weekly
Call. 16 pa?e«. tent to any address In the
Ur.ited States cr Canada ceo year for Jl.
r"-ytf.rc T&'.i. '
ROOMS KOll MOISUKEEI'i.VG.
Bl'^H. 2:^—2 siir.r.y front rocms, furnished for
light hoMekeeplr-g: adults cn'.y.
BORROW on diam one* ar.l Jewels; co'.ite at-
tentim. CNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CLAFSIFIED advertisements and subscription
r«<«ived at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmor* st.
CLAY 2421. near Fillmcre— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: yard; water; rear; rent tT.
EDDY S-I5 — 4 unfurn. sunny rocms; finely pa-
pec*d; all conveniences; fine location; private.
FIFTH. 348— Two furnished rooms for hous«-
keiM-irs; rent cheai^
p-jFTJI. 11*— Two lucny furnished housekeep-
!-p roorr.s, 13; a!so ethers.
FOLSOM S10 — Sur.r.y front room and kitchen;
furnished complete; man and wife; no chil-
dren.
FI'LTON. iri'-s— Three sunny front furnished
f rooms; rar.ee: water: larre yard; also unfur-
nifhed: rent fit.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms, bedroom and kitchen
complete, permanently, by ir.an and wife;
rent reasonable; references. Call or address
rocm 2T, Sl3 Market st. » » \ ;
UARKET. I' 3 —3 rooms furnished for taouse-
keei.lng ; «U.
MARKET. I*24 — Cosy room: folding b«d; morn-
i:iK sur. : rent $&.
4
MISSION HlS— Newly furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; JS and $10 monthly.
NOE, 1";— 2 or 4 sonny rooms: modern lower
a f.at; ccal steve; grate; yard; 110 up. }
A BRANCH office for Ca!l advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at the :
northwest ccmer of Twenty-second and Ken- 1
tucky f ts. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the receotion of adver- i
tisen.ents and subscriptions has been opened ]
at 1^22 Pclk St.; cpen until 9 p. m. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at !'.*» Va- j
If-mie st. !
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Lnfaro. {
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S 81xth— Rooms
tin to I! per Blsrht: II 25 to Jo per week, and
light housekeeping; open al) night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk id<i Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern etrvice; elevator;
bath: rooms £A: to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KINO, j
A LARGE sunny alcove room with gas and j
grate; bathroom adjoining; northern part of
the city. Box 1042. Call.
A^THeTeLMER HOUSE.*: St 4 Bu?h St.. ad-
Joinir.g the Run Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
AT £2 Second— nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; Jl 5y to 12 50 a week.
BOHEMIA. 23? Post. cor. St">cktoii— Sunny cor-
ner suite and sinfrle rooms: hot and cold
wnter; elevator and all conveniences.
i BORROW en planes, furniture, diamonds, i
painUiips: secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished. 1
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices, i
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch offlre. 22M Fillmo-e st. '
FOLSOM. &CS, comer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new nijrt.
GEARY. (M (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish- :
ed rooms, en suite or Einple. MRS. H. HTER.
GIRARD House. IS! Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day cr week: reasonable.
GOLDEN" GATE avr.. 1C23. near Lag-jr.a— Fur-
r.ished rooms, with or without housekeeping-.
1 GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission it*.— Sunny rxms, en suite or 1
flr.gle; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
> GRANT aye.. 21 'The Wellinrton)— A family
! ro^mir.g house; elegantly furnished rooms;
rrate* gas. hath; hot and cold water: 50c
tn tl SO p«r night: II 50 to J? per week.
HANCOCK House. Tsl Mission— Select family
rooming house: Jl 50 to JS per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 runny rooms: nicely tar-
nished : every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD £23 — Clean, respectable; 25c- Jl per
eight: 11-J3 per week: Howard cars to door.
i JE?SIE 2€s— Leree front room; fireplace: other
sunny rooir.s: eer.tlerr.en only.
JUNIPER. 9. eff Folsom. between 10th and Uth
-Sur.r.y front room: bath; g.
LEAVENWORTH. 1116— Nicely furnished sun-
ny upper floor of 4 rooms, also back parlor,
twdrGom: rent reasonable. :~^-- r ,v,
MINNA. 6CT. comer Eighth— Newly furnished j
tay-wlndcw room. Jl per week: transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Punny furnished rocms and •
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo. ;
ROOM suitable for 1 or 2 in exchange for |
assisting boy eveninrs with studies. 172S'~i |
Mission st. j
ROSEDALE. *21 Elli». near Taylor— loo rooms;
lie a night: Jl a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 116 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, emoking room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per nipht, 25c ta II M; week. S3 to ,
$5; month. I! to $30; elevator on office floor; t
rocms with hot and co! 3 water: baths.
EHERMAN Apsrtmer.t House. 2S Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
EU'I'TKR. nil. r.r. Lerkln— Ccmforta.bly furn.
ciiyrle suites: also hskpir. : terms reasonable, j
TEHAMA. sS— Furnished rooms to let; by the j
week or month. I
THE Oaks 113 Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
WASHINGTON. IV9. near Hyde — Rooms and
\-r-i.ri: reasonable: private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.d ;
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lenc'.a st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1223 Polk Et.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH effice for Call advertisements ml
subscriptions has been established at the
ncrthwtst corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky us. ; open till J p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pagf-e. sent to any address in the
Urlted States cr Canada one year for Jl,
iv«tage paid. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAN Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety—Many cases of diphtheria and scarlet
fever being reported In the city, it has been J
decided to aimlt no visitors or friends cf the
children at the San Francisco Protestant Or-
phan Asylum for the present. The health of
the children at the Institution Is excellent,
and th!s precaution la to keep It so. By order
of the president.
M. P. MacCRELLISH. Secretary.
ROOMS paDered from J3: whitened. Jl ud:
painting don«. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for U; collection* made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Mcntgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5E20.
CTTEAPFTST «nd best !n America— The Weekly
Call. 16 : xrr«. cent to any addreaa In tb*
I'DW States or Canada one year fr>» Jl.
r-frt»re paid.
J-EWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, boujrht. ecld; machine
supplies. Standard Agency. 145 Sixth si;
phone Mint 45.
ALL kin<S« boujrh.t. sold, exrhaneed. rented: r»-
rmlrinp at lo»»«l rate.. 535 Fourth et.
STOUAGB AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 4ul Post ft., cr. Powell; tel. Main S7U.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 Webster »t.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4-room cottage: polished floors, cove cell-
Ings and picture molding; stationary tubs; all
modern furnished; close In; JKO. Call or ad-
drees Zl2l Dwight way. Berkeley.
J1f.99— 7-r.OOM house: lot r*xl«Q; JW cash,
balance on terms to suit. TV. C. MORAN.
CHEAPEST and best In Am«rlca— The Weekly
Call. It paces, sent to any address in tha
United Ftates or Canada oct rear for |L
pcftace paid. j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ch'MCE— VOB BROAUWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
A I10K) PROPERTT FOR J25iW.
Seven rooms, bath; Btrictly up to date; flrst-
class order- larre lot: street work all done;
Al neighborhood; JfiOO cash, balance bank
mortgage; this offer for 5 days only.
J. S. MYERS.
lOCS Broadway, Oakland.
MTGO— g-ROOM houee; bath; in perfect order;
private and city water supply; barn, with
coachman's room, etc.; large Kardens; foun-
tain in yard: closl to bueine«s center; lot 45
' fer* frontere; Al neirhborhood: this prop-
erty is owned by the savlr.es bank and we
are authorized to sell at cost; seeing is be-
HevlnK; call and examine It.
J. S. MTERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OIL
100 acres land; half wh. balance easy terms.
Owner, P. O. box 4*?s Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. Tha Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND UnMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
fursltur* dealer, llrh and Franklin. Oakland.
COPARTNERSHIP .\OTICE9.
NOTICE of diasolutlon of co-partner*hlp — The
firm of VENAGLI A. COSTA & COMPANY,
heretofore doing business at 712 and 714 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, has been dis-
solved by mutual consent and G. COSTA and
HENRY C. COSTA have withdrawn from
eeld firm. O. COSTA.
HENRY C. COSTA.
San Frariclsco, January 16. IPOO-
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIvfDEND Notici^DivVdend No. 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be rayabla at the office of the
company. J27 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day, February 1, I*oo. Transfer book 3 will
close on Friday, January 36. 1900, at 2 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Giuseppe Sclafanl, 16, 7 Greenwich street,
an.l Gluseppa Sclafanl. 1?, 7 Greenwich street.
James Aitken. 4f>. 1007 Larkln street, and
, Bertha Moore. 43. 1013 Post street.
Charles D. Hewell. 36, Columbus, Ga.. and
! Rwe Der\-tn. 23. Cardiff. Wales.
Louis T. Byers. 22. I«*4* 3 Eighth street. Oak-
land, arid Anna M. Mosher. 22, 914 Capp street.
; Monroe Harris, 29, 470 Jessie street, and Dora
David, 24. 13>4 John street.
James J. Steuart. 30. Crockett, and Mary C.
! Brocke. 34, Crockett.
Frank P. Jackson, 45. Sacramento, and
i Elitabeth Craven. 26. • Rnseville.
B F. Campbell, &<>, Sonoma, and Mattle A.
Lord. i\ city.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will r.ct be inserted. They must be handed
i In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
JOHNSON— In this city. January 3. 1309, to the
wife of G. O. Johnson, a daughter.
KENNEY— In this city. January 23. ISOO. to
the wife of Peter Kenney, a. son.
BARG— January 1«, 1&00, to the wife of H.
Earg. a daughter.
MABBIED.
! HEWELL— PERVIN— In this city. January 13.
U<VO. by the Rev. I>r. John A. B. Wilson.
I t'harles L'ixon Hewell r,f Columbus. Ga., and
I Mrs. n<yse IVrvin of Cardiff. Wai**.
JACKSO.N'-CRAVEX-In this rity. January 23.
1300, at Central Methodist Epls=coi>al Church.
by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller. Frank P.
Jackson of Sacramento and Elizabeth Cra-
ven of Roseville, Cal.
KELTON— SHOUT— In this city, January 10.
I IS9O. by the Rev. T>r. John Hemrhill. Edward
I A. Kelton and Margaret M. Short.
! ECOTT— YOt'NG— In thie city. January 20. 1M»,
by the Key. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, John
Robert Scott and Jenet Isabella Young, both
of San Francisco.
STANTOX— NELSON— In this city. January 20.
l$«:v. by the Key. Father T. Caraher, John P.
Htanton and Marxart-t M. Nelson, both of
Pan Francisco.
died!
Ahem. Daniel J. Lonergan, Peter J.
Bandmann. Juls Martin. Mar)'
Barry. Patrick Morrison. Joseph H.
Benedict. P»rsis A, Olsen, Herbert J. W.
Brown. Ethel Ostrander. Dr. J. A.
Chalmers. Annie B. O'Toole. Mrs. Anne
Crebbin. William 11. Reardon, Mamie
ElJeutFch. Samuel Robinson. Mahala F.
Ecker, Margaret A. Roulller, Camille
Fortmann, George i>achs. Adoiph
Gabriel, Mary Satter. Louis
Gaffney. Michael Sere. John
Oreve. Wllhelm Smart. Kitty
Heney. Juliana Walthen. Chriftiane
liipgin?. Mary Wilson. Maria F.
lenla. Catherine Young. Robert S.
Kruse, William H.
AHEE.V- In this city. January 22. 1900, Daniel
fj., beloved husband of Ellen M. Ahem, and
father of John M.. D«nnif> J.. Mary V.«anJ
Edward T. Ahem, a native of Newcastle
Wee*. County Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years
« montha and 2S days.
CT'The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday;, at I^o o'clock, from his late
residence. 631 1 " Stevenson street, thence to
; St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street, near How-
ard, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at S o'clock. Interment private.
BANDMANN— In this city, January 22, I&<X>.
Juls. beloved husband of Antonla F. Band-
mann, and father of < Charles J. Randmann. a
native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 74 ye&rs
and £ monthp.
jC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ti attend the funeral to-morrovr :
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from Grace Church, ]
\ corner of California and Stockton streets. In- j
terment private. Masonic Cemetery.
BAP.RY— In this city, January 22, ISOO, Pat-
ri<k. beloved husband of Hannah Barry, and
father of James A., Julia A.. John F., May,
Eddie. David and the late Michael J. and Ella
E. Earn", a native of Ross-Carbery, County
Cork. Ireland, aged £5 year* ani S months.
(TTFrlen'is and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at o'clock, from his lat» resi-
dence. 4W Sixth street, thence to Bt. Roee'b
Church, where a solemn requiem high m«»
will b* celebrated for the rerose of his ooul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BENEDICT— On Bay Farm Island. January SI.
1900, Persls A. Benedict, beloved wife of B.
Benedict, and mother of Isabella Nolte and
A. R. Hamlin, aged 63 years and 10 months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Wednewlay), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late |
residence on Bay Farm Island. Interment
private. --¦ • I
BHOWN— In this city, January 23. 1900, Ethel,
youngest and dearly beloved daughter of
¦William and Lulu Brown, and sister of Hazel
Brown, a native of Saa Francisco, aged t
months and 1* days.
CHALMERS— In this city. January 22, 1900,
Annie B. Chalmers, sister of James C. and
John C. Chalmers, Agnes C. Tayler and Mrs.
H. H. Noble. ?
(C7"Frlends are. respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day) at 2:30 o'clock, at the residence of her
brother, S2S Halght street. Interment pri-
vate at Cypress Lawn Cemetery by S:4O
o'clock train from Valencia-street station.
Please omit flowers.
CREBBIN— In this city. January 2J. 1900, Wil-
liam H. Crebbin. beloved brother of Mrs.
Charles J. Fox and Mrs. J. J. McOulre, a na-
tive of New Orleans.
jETTriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. iT! Treat avenue, thence to Pt. Peter's
Church. Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEUTSCH— In this city. January 22. 1300. Sam-
uel beloved husband of Henrietta Deutsch
beloved son of Julius and Henrietta Deutsch,
and brother cf Mr_ J. B. Jones and Eva.
Sol and Fanny DeTtsch. a native of New
York aged 40 years 7 months and 15 days.
(Oreson papers please copy.)
CTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, Trom his lat«
residence. 2615 Pine street, between Scott and
Devieadero. thence by 11:30 o'cl»vck train from
Third and Townsend streets to Home of Peac»
Cemetery for interment.
ECKER-In San Ramon, Contra Costa County,
January 2*. I* o0 ' Margaret Ann. beloved wlf«
of J. S. Ecker. and sinter of Mrs. James
Hood, a native of Canada, aged 57 years.
(Toronto. Canada. par>ers please copy.)
CJr Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co 1235 Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment crivate.
FORTMANN— In this city. January 22, ijoo,
Oeorje Fortmann. a native of Oldenburg,
Germany, aged SS years. A member of Hes-
tierlan Grove No. 15. U. A. O. D.
(rgrpTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
rWedn««day). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. 6uhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery-
GABRIEL— In this city. January 22. 1900. Mary.
LtNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUIER3,
19 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
McAUOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.f
1235 Market "L. between Sth and Sth. I
Telephone South Z47. \
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. January 13.
Stmr J3amo», Dunham. 25 hours from Eureka.
SAILED. "
Tuesday. January a. .
Etmr Newbursr. Petersen. Gray* Harbor.
Sunr Cleone. HiEfins. — — .
Schr Barbara Hemster. Llndberg, Fort Bru.gr.
Schr Newark. Beck. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Jan 23— The Br stmr Energla. pre
viously reported, divers report has a hole 12
feet quare In forehold below tank and keel
scarflne fractured. Cargo is belne discharsed
at Nagasaki.
Br ship Queen Margaret, from Ban Francisco
Sept 8. at Antwerp, reports encountered terri
ble hurricane and sustained serious damage
Br'shiD Hyderbad. at Antwerp, from Sao
Francisco Aue 19. reports encountered terrible
weather and sustained heavy damage aloft and
about decks.
MANILA. Jan 23— Br ship Bldston Hill, from
Manila Oct 2S. for Port Angeles, returned Nor
SO on account of stress of weather.
SEATTLE. Jan 23— Apparently authentic re
port received states that stmr Townsend Is a
total wreck at Halnes Mission and stmr City
of Seattle Is at Juneau with broken shaft.
Arrived in distress, Br bark Ravenscourt.
from Tacoma. for United Kingdom, and ship
...... -- .... . ....
COHFAOKIX esaXSALB TBAKBATL&HTIQUE. •
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -^^j^
Sailing every Thursday Ins tead of <2jZL£
Saturday from November z, ISM, at ?•>>^-ss*
Warn:' from Pier «• North River, foot of
Monon^t: LA OASCOGNE Jan C: La NOR-
MANDIE. Feb. 1; Le BRETAOXE, Feb. I;
L.AQUITAINE. Feb. 15. First-class to Havre.
|«0 and upward; S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second clsb* to Havre. *45: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. SI
Broadway (Hudson buildlse). New York. J.
P FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat Agents, S
Montroraerjr aye., San Fraoclsca
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEKS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticelio."
MON.. Tu«s., Wed., Thors. and Cat. at 9:45
a. m.: 8:15. 8:w p. m. (ex. Thur*. nlshtj; Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:20: Sunday*. 19:30 a, ra.. *
p. m. Uindin? and ofSee. 3i:.«*icis-street Dock.
Pi*r No. 2. TaleDhone Main IMS,
FARE SCO
©Efßffi&lEdl B - 8 , Mcana sallf ria
TfeHslaS. Honolulu and Auck-
,«{PoS«taMV tand for Sydney Wed-
wA nesday. Jaa. 14. at i
SJppriKhjn J The 8. 8. Aoctr&lia
CyiCCmjlll^ 6 ' „!!, tot Honoiula
fWnn^pTL, TTedaesday. Feb. 7.
FaTortte Line Round the "World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sue*,
England, etc.; WO first claaa;
1 0. SPRECKELS k 8305.C0.. Aota.. IW Mantsemer)
Pitr 7. Pool Pacific St FreißhtOtflce.927 Market SL
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
JOS. A. MURPHT— Presiding Judge.
J. B. FERGCSOX— Starter.
O>rA FIRST RACE— FIT* furlon«a; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Time— hi. :13«i: H, :J7: «t. 1:02. Good start. Won handily. Second and third drlvin*.
Winner. A. Simons' b. h., by imp. Sir Mod red-Tyranny.
After considerable delay. Momentum slid down the ways to -a successful launching
Strong-oil ran into a foe bauk. Storm King became becalmed. Almoner looked danserou*
until losing a skysail. Jael Jarred at the commencement. >
Scratched— Eplrando 141. Clarando 139.
r»"T| SECOND RACE— Futurity course; telling; maiden three-year-olds; purse. 1300.
Time— To M. :22; to '», :<B'i; last H. 1:03: short »i. l:l2U- Good start. Won eaalnff up.
Second and third driving. Winner. W. B. Jeunlngs Sc. Co.'s eh. c, by Tenny-lmp. Red
worth Rose.
Redwald finally struck his breeze. Hays came Ir. with tha ebb tide. Hipponax la col
lision near the stake b- at. Tom Sharkey lott overboard. Beautiful Bill posted as rcissin*.
Scratched— Antler 112.
rt^n THIRD RACE— Six furlor.g3; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse. |400.
Time— 1 -; :24*i: H :49: *i, 1:13*1: Good start. Wen easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. F.jPMlUpifub. h.. \>? Tromont-Ella L.
With Jenkins at the helm. P.cvanna saile.l on an e%-en keel. Tiburon outsailed. Pota
plno caught an early breeze, which later <J 4 .ed out on htm.
/"»«TO FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: fonr-year-olds and upward: parse. 1400.
o c o*
C**7 A FIFTH RACE— One mile: selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
O € T' •
r*"TPZ SIXTH RAC&-SIX furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and upward: purse. |«0t
Time— Vi "24V- «• :49' \. 1:11 Oood start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner D M 'wanlon'p b. m.. by Racino-Aurella 11.
Sly 'had' th 9' tl * st '^tpter. With a better crew, Afamada would have decked first. Tho
burn outsailed. ...
Scratched— Montgomery ifo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Sp*ar-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr £|J prst Class Including Berth
lAni. $8 Second Class and Mealn.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. tf: Feb. T. IT. V
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Feb. 2. 12. «
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points la the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General Ajreot.
639 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
13
qmiiffMHWiiwwMw f ">• I
Jockey*.
jßettlns.
| Bettl
Op.
a.
Index. Horse. Age. Wdpht.iSt.
€47 Momentum. 5 144 S
$42 Duke of York 11, (.141 1
545 Strongoli. 4 11l «
643 Storm Kin?. « 144 5
£49 Tammany, a 141 2
... Almoner. 4 141 6
633 Jael. 6 139 7
619 Maln«;ay. a 144 8
634 Shellac, 3 139 9
634 Gfeyhurst. 9 141 Left
Km.
Km.
5 I
4 X
3 H
« 2
1 1
3 h
5 b
9
Hul
6 \i
4 1
1 m
« 2
2 h
3 1
7 1
5 1
9
\m.
Str. Fin. ( Jockeys
II 1 h ] Jenkins ...
2 h !i Thorpe ...
1 H 11 Conl«?y ....
5 n « % Spencer ...
4 H 5 h Ames
6 1 6 H Ptgsott ...
7 1 7 1 Morris ....
8 1 SI I* Turner.
9 9 Morgan ...
jßullisan ..
Etr.
Fin.
I.
jop- ci.
.. 3 S
.. 10 U
.. 5 J
..I t-t 11-5
.. » V>
..[ 8 15
.. 50 10
.. 14 »
.. SO (0
_i.
f
Indexl" Horse*. "Weight. [St.
«57 Redwald 110 t
60S J. V. Hays 108 1
• €40 Coming Event 103j 7
S3S Hipponax 11* «
640 Tom Pharkey S9 4
Hna- %na- ' %m.
iS 3 2
J1 8 h
ll'i 11
72 6 4
6h « 1
Btr. Fin. J
14 Hi
2 V 4 2 n
3H 31
4 h 44 I
61 6 1
Jockey*-
iSpenetr
E. Jones
Kil-7
'Bennett
U. Martin....,
_'
18-tttn*.
,o^. CL
5-J 11-5
• S
• U
! J
6<o Caesar Young 103; 3
«3<? Mlm Vera 103 S
657 U^utiful BUI 112; »
54« Sinuoso 113! 2
ITS Leipzig 91!10
... Bernadetto 117111
6h 7 4
... 10 1 Sh
9 1 10 1
3H 4 1
81 SI
11 11
7 1 B'i
SI 7 2 !
9 2 S4
5 H »a I
10 10 5 !
11 11
'Jenkins
'Helnson
!Thorr*2 ,
jMorg-an
iFhetan
\W, Hennesse
7 W
S3 100
4 ¦ •-?
10 •)
( S
SO 1»
Index. Horse. Ar»- "Weight. St.
»4m.
4m.
Sim.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
IB»ttftJT.
•Op. Cl.
i ' ~~Z
636 Revanna. 4 103 2
512 Tlburon. 4 102 i- 3
660 Good Hope. 4 Ml 4
... Pompino. 4 100! a
D 99 Jlelkanh. S 9S, 1
542 Poorlarxls. 4 Ml «
4M Brown Prlncf. 5 $9> T
4 h
2 3
5 H
1 h
S 2
fi n
3 1
62
»S
I?
I?
S 1
T
1 b
2 n
3 2
4 h
6 15
« 3
7
<Jeskins
!E.! E. Ross
[T. "Ualsh
'J. Martin
jHenry
J. Daly
!H. Stuart. ...
..; s 6-a
..9-5 i-:
.. J-5 t
.. 20 40
.. li 40
.. 100 SX>
. . 50 li'O
| Betttnr.
In
ndex. Hone. Are. Weight. |st.
i-im.
Hm.
"im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. ,Op. Cl.
E2S Gauntlet. 4 IM 3
6«2 Montallade, a ITOI 4
fils' "Whitcomb. « 10? ! 5
fi"2 Al!c!a a l«7i !
«5l Terren». 4 104] 9
£y> Hohenlohe, 5 10« *
«5S Iy>st Oirl. « 1041 1
ftt Dr. Marks. 5 103 8
4 1
ft LL
1 1
6 H
2 h
7 2
i :
4 l i
5 1
8 2
6 n
7 2
S 1
s
1 1
4 h
2 t
6 1
8 3
5 1
I •-»
! .
1 h
2 h
3 h
« 2
S h
« 3
7 1
8 4
¦Bullman I S-o (-5
T. TCa'.sh 7-5 7-3
'E. Jones 3 t
iHenry 1» *>
Ileinson 43 10»
'E. Roas i 10 I^VV
fVtttitoe I 5 7
Morse „.. 12 X»
7
*
ESI Yule. S ...'...'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.W{ 7
ih
7 2
'j»nkin» I I 11
12
B»ttl
I*.
x.
ir^e. A Re.
•vv.
«iKht.St.
\im.
Hm.
4t
Str.
Fin.
Society*.
KM
Pi!v«
<>r Tone. •
4.
3 ?
1H
1 2
'P
Pullman
••! 4
5
AVye
Tori
orr.ir.jr. a
Ibio. 5 ..
« :
1 h
5 H
2 1
3
4
J h
3 :
2 h
S3
r. Walsfi
Jenkins
.. 5-2
5
12
c r
(56
5471
Men
.Racl
ry Boy. 6
¦hel C. 3..
ton. 4 ....
, T lie S-
10*' 4
2 2
4 1
7
5 h
1 1
4 14
C U
2
4 1
6 4
¦ 7 "' -'
4 h
< 5
7
r> .u hir.ar. ...
[. Martin
3. Jones
E. Ro«s
1
:: 7 il
5-3
4
40
1 LUS. 5...
l l^ .
1 l-us, n...
Index.
. Hor*e.
Are.
Weight
St.
l im.
Str.
Fin.
Joe
c«c?jr«.
! Bett!:
[Op.
CJ.
<€<*>
Sir. «
1
31
!?
tnKrr.
¦w
H
X
¦-
8
: *
i - -
15
Afamac
Snips. I
Harry '
da.
5 .
Th
v>,
9'
m. Iv.ltt
i •
52
3 3
s?
..i i-a
.. 40
..I S
Hißh'H
Atnai<a,
4^i
i
i
5 13
g
J.
. Ma
::U
_s
B»ttl
I*.
x.
ir^e. A Re.
•vv.
«iKht.St.
\im.
Hm.
4t
Str.
Fin.
Society*.
KM
Pi!v«
<>r Tone. •
4.
3 ?
1H
1 2
'P
Pullman
••! 4
5
AVye
Tori
orr.ir.jr. a
Ibio. 5 ..
« :
1 h
5 H
2 1
3
4
J h
3 :
2 h
S3
r. Walsfi
Jenkins
.. 5-2
5
12
c r
(56
5471
Men
.Racl
ry Boy. 6
¦hel C. 3..
ton. 4 ....
, T lie S-
10*' 4
2 2
4 1
7
5 h
1 1
4 14
C U
2
4 1
6 4
¦ 7 "' -'
4 h
< 5
7
r> .u hir.ar. ...
[. Martin
3. Jones
E. Ro«s
1
:: 7 il
5-3
4
40
1 LUS. 5...
l l^ .
1 l-us, n...
| Betttnr.
In
ndex. Hone. Are. Weight. |st.
i-im.
Hm.
"im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. ,Op. Cl.
E2S Gauntlet. 4 IM 3
6«2 Montallade, a ITOI 4
fils' "Whitcomb. « 10? ! 5
fi"2 Al!c!a a l«7i !
«5l Terren». 4 104] 9
£y> Hohenlohe, 5 10« *
«5S Iy>st Oirl. « 1041 1
ftt Dr. Marks. 5 103 8
4 1
ft LL
1 1
6 H
2 h
7 2
i :
4 l i
5 1
8 2
6 n
7 2
S 1
s
1 1
4 h
2 t
6 1
8 3
5 1
I •-»
! .
1 h
2 h
3 h
« 2
S h
« 3
7 1
8 4
¦Bullman I S-o (-5
T. TCa'.sh 7-5 7-3
'E. Jones 3 t
iHenry 1» *>
Ileinson 43 10»
'E. Roas i 10 I^VV
fVtttitoe I 5 7
Morse „.. 12 X»
7
*
ESI Yule. S ...'...'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.W{ 7
ih
7 2
'j»nkin» I I 11
12
qmiiffMHWiiwwMw f ">• I
Jockey*.
jßettlns.
| Bettl
Op.
a.
Index. Horse. Age. Wdpht.iSt.
€47 Momentum. 5 144 S
$42 Duke of York 11, (.141 1
545 Strongoli. 4 11l «
643 Storm Kin?. « 144 5
£49 Tammany, a 141 2
... Almoner. 4 141 6
633 Jael. 6 139 7
619 Maln«;ay. a 144 8
634 Shellac, 3 139 9
634 Gfeyhurst. 9 141 Left
Km.
Km.
5 I
4 X
3 H
« 2
1 1
3 h
5 b
9
Hul
6 \i
4 1
1 m
« 2
2 h
3 1
7 1
5 1
9
\m.
Str. Fin. ( Jockeys
II 1 h ] Jenkins ...
2 h !i Thorpe ...
1 H 11 Conl«?y ....
5 n « % Spencer ...
4 H 5 h Ames
6 1 6 H Ptgsott ...
7 1 7 1 Morris ....
8 1 SI I* Turner.
9 9 Morgan ...
jßullisan ..
Etr.
Fin.
I.
jop- ci.
.. 3 S
.. 10 U
.. 5 J
..I t-t 11-5
.. » V>
..[ 8 15
.. 50 10
.. 14 »
.. SO (0
_i.
f
Indexl" Horse*. "Weight. [St.
«57 Redwald 110 t
60S J. V. Hays 108 1
• €40 Coming Event 103j 7
S3S Hipponax 11* «
640 Tom Pharkey S9 4
Hna- %na- ' %m.
iS 3 2
J1 8 h
ll'i 11
72 6 4
6h « 1
Btr. Fin. J
14 Hi
2 V 4 2 n
3H 31
4 h 44 I
61 6 1
Jockey*-
iSpenetr
E. Jones
Kil-7
'Bennett
U. Martin....,
_'
18-tttn*.
,o^. CL
5-J 11-5
• S
• U
! J
6<o Caesar Young 103; 3
«3<? Mlm Vera 103 S
657 U^utiful BUI 112; »
54« Sinuoso 113! 2
ITS Leipzig 91!10
... Bernadetto 117111
6h 7 4
... 10 1 Sh
9 1 10 1
3H 4 1
81 SI
11 11
7 1 B'i
SI 7 2 !
9 2 S4
5 H »a I
10 10 5 !
11 11
'Jenkins
'Helnson
!Thorr*2 ,
jMorg-an
iFhetan
\W, Hennesse
7 W
S3 100
4 ¦ •-?
10 •)
( S
SO 1»
Index. Horse. Ar»- "Weight. St.
»4m.
4m.
Sim.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
IB»ttftJT.
•Op. Cl.
i ' ~~Z
636 Revanna. 4 103 2
512 Tlburon. 4 102 i- 3
660 Good Hope. 4 Ml 4
... Pompino. 4 100! a
D 99 Jlelkanh. S 9S, 1
542 Poorlarxls. 4 Ml «
4M Brown Prlncf. 5 $9> T
4 h
2 3
5 H
1 h
S 2
fi n
3 1
62
»S
I?
I?
S 1
T
1 b
2 n
3 2
4 h
6 15
« 3
7
<Jeskins
!E.! E. Ross
[T. "Ualsh
'J. Martin
jHenry
J. Daly
!H. Stuart. ...
..; s 6-a
..9-5 i-:
.. J-5 t
.. 20 40
.. li 40
.. 100 SX>
. . 50 li'O
Index.
. Hor*e.
Are.
Weight
St.
l im.
Str.
Fin.
Joe
c«c?jr«.
! Bett!:
[Op.
CJ.
<€<*>
Sir. «
1
31
!?
tnKrr.
¦w
H
X
¦-
8
: *
i - -
15
Afamac
Snips. I
Harry '
da.
5 .
Th
v>,
9'
m. Iv.ltt
i •
52
3 3
s?
..i i-a
.. 40
..I S
Hißh'H
Atnai<a,
4^i
i
i
5 13
g
J.
. Ma
::U
_sLeague of the Cross Ball.
Company X of the League of the Cross
Cadets will give a dance to-night in Mis
sion Opera Hall, on Mission street, be
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth. The
following committee will have charge of
the affair: Sergeant J. Byrnes, Lieutenant
T. Branson. George O'Neil, Chris Buckley
and H. Brown.
ALCATRAZ SOON
TO BE CROWDED
WITH PRISONERS
i cable, which Bays she will get here Feb
ruary l.
The barkentine City of Papeete arrived
from Tahiti last night after a passage of
thirty-three days. She brings up a full
il cargo of vanllia beans, copra, pearl ehells
ana cocoanuts. Everything was quiet in
the group when the barkenine left.
Another Jail on the
Island.
Eugenic Schroder filed suit yesterday
££s.ir.st Kaston, KMridge & Co. to recover
possession of 23 4vlOo acres of land In East
Ban Jo^e. to which she alleges the defend
ant nnn illegally claims title. In her suit
the plaintiff alleges that she retained the
defendant to traue t»om« lands owned by
her In San Mateo County for lands owned
br William S. Richards in East San Jose
The trade was consummated, she says
nut the defendant firm refused to convey
the portion sued for on the ground that U
was their legal commission for can-vine
the trade through. Tho plaintiff says that
defendants are not entitled to any of the
land or other commission.
SOLDIERS UNDER SENTENCE
OKI- mjNDEED AND FIFTY ON
THE WAY FROM MANILA.
•
Alcatraz Is being got ready for a big
lot of prisoners! expected on one of the
transports now due from Manila. The
present prison is not large enough, so a
new structure is to be built on the pa
rade ground. Jilg (schooners are now de
livering the matt-rial at the island. Yes
terday two vt-sfc»-is discjiarged loads of
lumber, while on Monday the bricks for
the fou:,dation were unloaded. A chute
has bt-en constructed down the face of
the cliff to the wharf at which the st.-am
?r Generi-1 ilcL>owell lands, and up this
structure the prisoners now on the island
haul the material for the new prison.
Before the outbreak of the war there
was room a.nd to epare on Alcairaz for
all th« military prisoners frcm Califor
nia. Oregon and Nevada, but the last lot
of lLb Irom Manila rilled the quartor? to
overflowing. Another consignment of 150
1c now daily expected, and in order to ac
commodate them the new prison has to De
erected. The prisoners have sentences of
from one to five years to serve, nearly
fi.ll the punishments being for breaches of
rr.;i:;ti."y disc-ipline.
SAYS THEY KEPT HER LAND.
Two ships which left here a little over
four raontns ago for Europe have arrived
out after unusually tempestuous voy
ages. The Hyderabad left nr-re on August
la with 2».0S«0 cei:tals of wheat, valued at
J26.0&4, tnd M.€& 6 centals of barley, valued
at fcr-,065. shipped by Balfour, Guthrle <%
Co., and the Queen Margaret tailed Sep
tember 8 with 75,295> centals barley, valued
»t r;2XM alFo shipped by Balfour, Guthrte
&. Co. The Hyderabad arrived yesterday
at London and the Queen Margaret at
Antwerp. Boih were very much damaged
aloft and both nad their decks swept.
The overdue British ship Reliance, on
which ZO per cent reinsurance has been
raid by ihe underwriter?, was also heard
irom yesterday. On November 13 she was
In latitude 42 south, longitude 76 west, a
Xew hundred miles south of Valparaiso.
A* »he is a smart vessel she should be
heard from any time now. and thus an
other overdue will be wiped off the boari.
During the past three months there has
been an «>r.!d«rmic of reinsurance, and at
different times more than a hundred ves
sels have bfen posted a.c overdue. All <jf
them have arrived or been areounted for
except the Holvwcod, now out 179 days
from Antwerp for Honolulu. On th» An
nie Thomas. ITS days out from Cardiff for i
Acapulco. 12 per cent was lx>ing paid. A
few days sgo the vessel was spoken, with i
her fcretopKallant mast gone.
The ex-triLntiport Oiymp:a has doffed her
Government of whilts and has been
painted black again. She goes to the
Union Iron Works to-day to be over
hauled before going back to Puget Sound, i
The transport Confmaugh goes on Hijn- !
ters Point drydock to-day. The Leelari.iw i
Is being overhauled at the wharf. Both !
transports will 6ail for Manila with loads |
of horsi-s* a week hence. The Pennsyl- !
vania sails to-morrow with a cargo of i
supplirs and Jl,i< ( Jo,ooo in treasure to pay i
the eoldiers.
The transport \t airen Is coming home
via Guam and Honolulu. General Joe
Wbeeler is & passencer on her and wants |
to have a look at all the new inlands, so I
l>robab!y the Warren will rpmain a fo w •
cave at Guam to give him a chance to
see th« Dlace.
A cabl<=- dispatch from Yokohama to
Colonel L/ong of the transport service
tays the Thoma?, with the remaint of
General Lawton and Major Logan aboard,
will rea.cn here February L She l*ft
Xaca«akl January 11. and allowing for
a chort stop at Yokohama, It was thought
the would ret here on the 30th lnst. All
cocjecture baa been set at rest by the
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
reau In the room, left the house.
Bachrini went to the Golden West
Hotel and retired. When the
chambermaid visited the- room
about 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon Bhe found him dead, lying
fully dressed on the bed. From
the condition of the room Bach
rini had evidently committed sui
cide after long deliberation, as a
half-dozen partly smoked cigar
ettes were found In the cuspidor
and about the room. On the table
close to the bed was a bottle
marked strychnine and a glass
containing a few crystals of the
deadly poison.
The vest of the dead man was
unbuttoned and under the shirt
over his heart was the photograph
of the woman he had loved.
The following note in the hand
writing of the deceased was found
close to the body: "This ends It
all. dear Phina. Do not think bad
of me. I cannot live without you.
Yours forever. MARTIN.
"Excuse writing In pencil."
. From his uncle, who has been in
this city looking for Bachrini since
Saturday last, it was learned that
the young man left his ranch
about three weeks ago after hav
ing sold twenty head of cattle and
a number of hogs. He had In his
possession about $1000 when he ar
rived in San Francisco.
Bachrini was about 82 years of
a ere.
lngness to grant the petition, but doubt
ed his Jurisdiction, as William was then
residing on a farm in Sonoma County.
In an answer William asserted that the
charg-e of Insanity was scandalous. A
similar petition was then filed by Edward
in the Superior Court at Santa Rosa on
December 26. The action of the court
was rendered unnecessary by the death
of William Kruse at Livermore yester
day.
LENT ELOQUENCE
TO ATTEST HIS
PUBLIC WORTH
Ex-Park Commission
er Metson Honored.
BANQUETED AL THE PALACE
LEADING CITIZENS GATHERED
TO DO HIM HOMAGE.
?
Brilliant Speeches Delivered by Elo
quent Orators — A Silver Set
for the Honored Quest.
Those Present
Had Mayor James D. Phelan attended
the complimentary banquet tendered last
night to William H. Metson on the latter's
retirement from the Golden Gate Park
Commission it would have dawned on him
that the greatest mistake he had made at
the outset of his administration under
the new charter was that he did not re
appoint the well-known attorney as Park
Commissioner. As he did not do so, Mr.
Metson's numerous friends took the op
portunity to express to him their high
esteem for him as a man arid a citizen
and also their appreciation for the splen
did services he rendered the city while a
member of the Park Commission-
Seldom If ever has a citizen retiring
from office been accorded such tokens of
approval as were tendered Mr. Metson.
Seated around the banquet board were
nearly 200 of the leading professional and
business men of this city, and they were
all present to express their. hJgh opinion
of Mr. Metson aa a lawyer, a citizen and
an official.
Beneath the folds of a large American
flag was the guest of honor. On either
Bide of him Eat the chairman, Colonel
F. E. Beck; ex-Governor James H. Budd.
M. H. de Young. Major General "William
R. Shafter, Frank Mattison (grand presi
dent of the Native Sons of the Golden
West). Chinese Consul General Ho Vow
and Colonel George H. Plppy. Through
out the evening Blum's orchestra and the
Knickerbocker Quartet rendered popular
selections, in which the banqueters Joined.
At the conclusion of the feast, when
cigars were lighted and all were mellow.
Chairman Beck arose and informed those
present that they were "here to-night to
welcome one of the kindest, noblest and
best men that God ever made In his own
Image." Continuing, he said: "We are not
here as Republicans, we are not here aa
Democrats. If we are here in any politi
cal sense at all we are here as socialists."
When the laughter which greeted this
sally had subsided Toastnmster Beck
stated that the task of making the ad
dress of welcome had been assigned to
Governor Budd, but before calling on the
latter he read communications from a
number of gentlemen who were unable to
be present by reason of illness or from
other causes. Among them were General
W H. L,. Barnes. Judge Frank Murasky,
James K. Barry, J. R. dttuiion, M. J. Mc-
Donald, Reuben H. Lloyd and Governor
Henry T. Gage. The letters of regret
sent by General Barnes and the Governor
aroused the greatest applause. In his
communica-tlon General Barnes said:
My Dear Colonel Beck: With such a let
ter as yours before me It is most difficult
to decline an honor bo cordlaJly tendered,
while to refrain from Joining so Kallant a
company feasting; bo good a fallow as Mr.
Metsoa is an aggravated misfortune. But
1 am Just up from nearly a month's inter
mittent Illness and am by no means fit to
be abroad o' nights; and. aa I should Ilka
to live to learn when the twentieth cen
tury bejrtns and when the Filipino war
ends, I must restrain my natural predilec
tion for good fellowship and good cheer and
go to bed early to-night.
I have not nad the pleasure of an Inti
mate friendship with Mr. ' Metson. bat our
acquaintance has certainly given me an
opportunity to understand why those who
know him best moat highly esteem him,
professionally and socially.
I was sorry to know he did not continue
on the Park Commission. Of all quasi
public Etations that or Park Commissioner
a/ways seemed to me the most aifr«>^able.
lie has always before him bcautuul pur
poses and lmaeee. He disburses for the
people the only money whose spending is
tor the pleasure of old and young; he aoea
not Kovern. but he teaches, retine* and ex
pands human nature.
I think no citizen of San Francisco knows
Golden Gate Park better tha.u myself. I
saw its forests when they were sprouting
in pots and boxes. 1 have followed iv
splendid and continued Improvement with
an absorbing Interest. There Is not a sin
gle road or path over which I have not
gone a hundred times afoot. Like a good
book, it has been a delight in youth and
will be a consolation in old a««». And when
In my solitary Saturday and Sunday ram-
Ues in broadway and byway I have seen
Commissioner Metson on his charger, en
couraging by his presence the very flowers
to burgeon and blossom and the graa* to
grow, while at the same time repressing th«
rattleweeded scorcher on the bicycle path,
I have envied him his power and his en
joyment of it.
When the spring time comes I shall walk
again in the well-known paths that wind
and waver under the trees and over the
hills; I shall inhale the salty ozone of the
I'aclnc, tempered by the breath of the flow
ers of art and nature; I shall be happy in
my life estate in a park fit for a dukedom
and daily becoming more and more suited
to the great city that shall be the light of
Asia but I shall miss Commissioner Met
son.'to whom I wish a long life and the
enjoyment o£ the affection and recoct of
his many friends. Yours truly,
nis mauj w H BARNES.
As ex-Governor Budd arose to deliver
the address of welcome he was given aa
ovation. The guests arose to their feet
and cheered him until the banquet hall
reuounded with their voices. He eaid:
Our miest, 'William H. Metaon, hardly
needs a resDonae from me. His wbole life
Is a response, better than I can utter this
•vening. and that that life has not been
sr>ent In vain the stanch friends gathered
at this board best testify. To what has
been already said In this gathering I can
add nothing. Why I was chosen to respond
to the toast of our guest passes my under
standing unless it be that I was the mid
wife that brought him Into official belnjc,
aa his friends may think I have discovered
something good or bad about him. Mr.
Metson. as far aa I have b«en able to dis
cover has never had any faults, unless It
be that of a fighter. To one of my passive
dlaDositlon this discovery was most shock-
Ing He has nlled two offices, one local
and' tb« other State, and ho has well dis
charged the duties of both: in matter of
Industry *n mattef ot attention to duties.
In matter of fidelity. In all that an ofneer
can be faithful, Mr. Metson haa never been
surpassed. As a friend he has been stanch
and true and as an office holder he has been
one bright epot in my official career. As a
Yosemlte Commissioner he has been more
than a success. In fact he has been so
much of a success that two Governors did
not know how to g«t alone without him,
and both have refused his resignation. As
a Park Commissioner he gave the same
close attention to his duties and did much
to beautify the people's pleasure grounds.
When the applause had died away Jus
tice C. H. Garoutte of the Supreme bench
arose and presented a beautiful silver
breakfast set to Mr. Metson. In part he
said:
We axe sorry that his official relations as
Park Commissioner have been severed. It la
our lose., not his; It Is the city's loss, not
his; and his successor, whoever he may be —
and he may be present to-nUht— l say his
successor will not be a better Commission
er i doubt whether his successor will be
aa tfood a Commissioner. I tako pleasure
In presenting: to you, Mr. Meteon. this
little token. To you, and on behalf of all
your frl*nrts. both present and absent, I
wish you all the pleasure, prosperity and
happiness which may be the lot or any man.
As Mr. Metson arose to respond to the
kind things said of him the entire gath
ering arose and greeted him with cheers
and with waving napkins. It was a
proud moment for Mr. Metson. He arose
and the tears of Joy dimmed his eyes, but
his bearing attested that the marks of
esteem shown him by his friends were
more valued than any commission Mayor
Phelan could have given him. At the out
set of his speech Mr. Metson's voice was
tremulous and his countenance showed
the feeling he wlghed to express to his
auditors. -!He said in part:
My friends, you have heard my brothers
address you In my behalf and It is hard for
roe to trlve utterance at this time to tha
words of gratitude that well up In my heart.
X do not think that I am deserving or any-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Transformation of an Old Barkentine.
Tlie Eureka le now a schooner. She was built In Humboldt Bay in 1888 and In those, days was considered on© of th«
smartest barlrentines on the coast. Ever since she was launched Brood care haa been taken of her and her timbers are as
sound as ever, it -was thought better to change her rig, however, so the yards were taken off the foremast and she la
now a three-masted topsail schooner.
©^P^gf CHURCH
RRTTQHFQ for barbers, bak-
DriUOn£iO «rs. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tablsa.
toreirera. bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerm.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, «ho« factories. «ta-
tlemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto.
BUCIIVNYS BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
Royal Bavarian Chinawarc
Bargains.
Tt*a Wortti Your
Coming: Just to Sec.
Great American IfflportiHE Tea Co.
Stores Kverywhere.
xoo Stores.
Dr. Park*!'* Counh Cure. One dose win atop
a cough. Never fa! ls. Try Jt. All dnijjlsta. •
Self-respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
In the Court.
Minnie 13. Stewart was granted a dl
vcrce yesterday from Robert Stewart on
the RrroumJ of desertion. Julia Gardner
has secured a divorce from Harry Gard
ner on the ground of failure to provide
The couple are well known In Chfco. De
crees of divorce on the ground of cruelty
have been granted Xanna A. Davis from
George A. Davis and Thomas H. Mitchell
from Matilda Mitchell. Suite for divorce
have been filed by Corlnne Marier against
Clement Marier, for cruelty; Eml!v C
Ambrose against Charles 11. Ambrose", for
failure to provide: Elvira D. Ball against
John Hall, for desertion, and Minnie Fer
renback against Otto Ferrenback for
cruelty.
Morris M. Estee to Lecture.
Hon. M. M. Estee will speak on "Ex
pansion, Trusts and Monopolies" to-night
in Metropolitan Temple for the benefit of
the Lincoln Monument Lfague. The Judge
is an able, convincing-. Interesting talker
and it Is expected that a large attendance
will listen to his views on the points
nam£«d. Every lady who attends will re
ceive a fine lithograph of Abraham Lin
coln.
principally to the subject of the park
museum and asked his hearers to en
deavor personally to swell the collection
which Is already an education In itself to
the rising generation and to b« appre
ciated must be seen. Coming to the broad
theme of San Francisco as a commercial
port he declared that thl3 city is and al
ways will be the greatest center of trado
on the Pacific Coast, a statement which
elicited rousing cheers).
"It is reserved for mo to give the last
toast of the e\'enln£." said the chairman,
"a toast to which no response Is neces
sary — 'God bless and prosper Billy.' "
When the cheering had subsided tha
toast was drunk with a will and th© ban
quet ended with tha orchestra rendering
the Inspiring strains of "Auld Lang
Syne."
The following: sat at the banrjnet board:
Major General William R, Shatter U 8 V •
Lieutenant Eugene F. Wilson. U. & A •* Ad
miral Kautz and staff. Grand President Frank
Mattison. X. S. G. W. : Hon. Ho Vow, Hon/n.
H. Llcyd. John Stanton Jr.. Jasper McDonald
John McLaren. S. J. Ackerman, F. H. Ames!
A. E. Anderson. T. P. Andrew*. Joseph Austin"
w°« ?' £ yer9> Thoin " J - Harbour. General
W. H. L. Barnes. A. W. Barrett. J. k. Barry
Colonel FE. Beck. D. L. Fanmworth. Hoal
Frank P Flint. M. J. Fontana. W. W. Foots
Dr. E. G Frisble. W. S. Gage, Judge CH
Garoutte. Louis Getz. C. S. Glvena. H H Go<£
jen. H W. Goodall. William Hood. J. T. u2* x
Colonel J. R. Howell. C. F. Humphrey. Jud™
T\, H " * : - errlsa * 1 - Parl » Kllburn. F. J.-KoiteV
Judge V,. P. Lawlor. W. S. Leake J J Lerl
men, P. N\ Lilienthal. John W Pew C W
Fike. Colonel George H. Ptppy. 'Thomas
Prather, Hon. E. jr. Prestc-K <XW
Purrlngrton. P. Reddy. J w rJV
John Reid. J. O. Rels. John Rothschild
J. H. Dennett. A. M. Bergevln. WmUmßo
gan. Philip Bolter. W. p. Bowers OihZ
&>%. 'camW 1 !?^ H H °Ca^T?
H. M. Expander. W. D. Er^i,"" j^J^e?'
lancer George D. Graham. Thomas aTo™
ham. Henry Gray. Harry N". Oni- p c«t
Gow. E» M. Greeaway F. A. Greenwoorf^
L. Growall. R. B. Ha c W B hS T"
E. Hanchett. P. J. Harrier. £ jS £¦
M. Haslett P L. Henderson. JudgT^""^
Henshaw, W. O. Henshaw. R. HeroM jv
Howard Holmes. M. F. Lo^wensteln w H
Lynch. Colonel William McDonald. H>n"
James G. Masuire. Frank Malloye HenryS
Martin. J. D. Maxwell. L. R. Mead CMrlf.
Meussdorffer. Cclcnel D. E. Miles. iTd Mil/*.
Frank Murasky. V. 8. MeClatchy. G. W mV
Enerney, James McN'ab, Judge Exnll 'vu«
baumer. James H. O'Brien. John Partiidvo
E. X>. Peixotto. D. O. Sco Held. FrankP Bhe£
man. J. F. Slebe. William X. Sims A. D.
Spreekels. J. D. Spreckels. W. H. Stlnson. Vm.
derlynn Stow. Geors* H. Tyson. Jim« Tti™
F. J. Veen. A. T. Vo«;elsaa«;. C. R. Walter Dr
O. F. Westphal. R. I. Whelan. J. A. Wllieal;
J. M. Wilkens. H. Wredea, F. W. Zalli £
Zellerbach. » ' **
thing- more at your bands than to have m.
think that you consider ma to ba your
friend. Governor Budd put Ms trust la ra»
and save me two commissions. I do not
think I am entitled to any consideration be
cause I tried to do my duty aa 1 saw It and
tried to show to him whenever the occasion
required it that I was grateful. My other
friend. Judge Qaroutte. I have known for
many years. He is respected throughout this
State, and he haa always had my rtspect.
Both have token from me the thoughts, the
power to utter wbat I might say to you here
to-nUht. The fact that 1 was Park Commis
sioner of this city cuts no little figure. It
waa a very pleasant time to me. I know you
all take pride In the parK. because It 3
affairs have always been well administered
and the money raised by taxation has al
ways been well spent. It waa my ambition
to be one of the Fark Commission and that
ambition was attained, thanks to my
friends. And there I met as colleagues two
men who are the peer* of any men, Oiw of
them, Mr. Spreckels (loud applause.). I
was a stranger to them both. I
have no doubt that when I went
there there were many misgivings on
their part as to who I wav and how I w-ould
conduct myself. The other' man with Mr.
Spreckels— Mr. Zellle (applause)— opened his
heart to m« -and they both were as good
and strong and honest in their care aad
work for Oolden Out- Park aa any men In
the community could have been. They
treated me like courteous, open-hearted gen
tlemen. They treated the city's affairs
from a business standpoint, cutting down
bills, and so long aa they shall slay there
you will find as good an administration as la
the past.
As to the gentlemen who have been added
to that commission, I do not know them all.
I know they will stand shoulder to shoulder
with the present men. and 1 bespeak for
Golden Gate Park your hearty support at
all times and on all occasions. This city
Is going to b*» governed under the new char
ter. There will be many more changes in
the future as there have been in the past.
It has been an experiment and we hope it
is a success, and It Is jour duty, you who
are citizens, to stand behind that adminis
tration and make it a success, because th»
success of San Francisco means the suo
cesa of the entire State.
The speaker then paid a tribute to John
McLaren, the superintendent of Golden
Gate Park. He told of the splendid ser
vices the latter had rendered in his posi
tion and expressed the hope that he
would always be retained there, as he
knew every inch of the 1440 acres. In
concluding Mr. Metson said:
I am proud you claim me as your friend.
This Is the ereatest and the proudest mo
ment of my life. Never has a man in my
position, to my knowledge or to the knowl
edge of any man here, been given such a
tribute as you hava extended to me to
night That I appreciate It; that I will
treasure It. I promise you I will always be
grateful. I hope none of you will want
anything- at my hands, but It you do, I am
yours to command. Furthermore, gentle
men, *U that I want to be abia to do la
this world — as to the absent friend, as to tno
friends who have given me this dinner to
night—U to be able to look you in tha eye
and take you by the hand and have >ou
feel that I never wan ungrateful to you and
that you never put your trust in vain.
~The orchestra struck up the popular
ballad "Because I Love You," and cheers
ga\e way to the sweet song, which car
ried to the honored guest the feelings of
affection In the breasts of iiis friends.
Then with uplifted glasses, they all sane
about him being a jolly good fellow, and
then the flow of speech continued.
Major General William R. Shafter re
sponded to the toast, "The Army im\
Navy," and he traced the history of both
and told of the nation's successes on '.and
and water. The hero of Santiago was
cheered vociferously. Ho Vow, his Impe
rial Majesty of China's representative in
this city, in excellent English expressed
the hope that the United States and his
country would retain their pleasant rela
tions and even come closer. lie spoke
highly of American products, manufac
tures and machinery, and hoped that their
introduction into hia country would bring
the two nations into closer relations.
Frank Mattison. Grand President of the
Native Sons 01 the Goluen West, sail
Borne pleasant things about his organiza
tion, and called for a rising toast to the
Native Daughters. Edgar D. Peixotto re
plied to the toast, "The Ladies," and paid
a graceful and beautiful tribute to the
fair sex, as well as to Mr. Metson. Ilia
sentiments were loudly applauded.
Alexander Vogelsang delivered a witty
speech, in which he said that he had re
cently returned from a visit to the Kast,
which convinced him that what he had
formerly believed regarding the munifi
cence with which nature had endowed
California was not half the truth. Here
after he would be v.Ul!ng to grovel before
the «nreatest liar the State produced, for
such m«n only possessed the ability to
come within a mile of stating the facts.
Richard I. Whelan told several witty
stories which kept his hearers convulsed
with laughter and was recalled to give
others again and main.
M. H. de Young addressed his remarks.
SHREVE'S STORE ROBBED.
Burglars Were About to Crack Safes
When Scared Off.
Burglars entered the gunstore of George
W. Shreve, 739 Market street, some time
Monday night and got away with stock,
revolvers and cutlery to the value of $400.
Judging from appearances of two small
safes in the ofllce the thieves were about
to blow them open when they were inter
rupted sufficiently to frighten them away.
It la supposed that the burglars gained
entrance to the store by crawling through
a small hole in the hall overhead. This
is the third time within five years that
Shreve's place of business has btsen
robbed.
Five cases Black Serges and
Cheviots, 52 to 56 inches
wide,
$1.00 yard.
MAkTIN BACHRINI.
" ECAUSE he could not en-
Bdure to see the woman he
loved suffer, Martin Bach
rinl. a Swiss dairyman, end
ed his life yesterday morning In
the Golden West Hotel by swallow
ing the contents of an eight-ounce
bottle of strychnine.
Baehrini was a resident of Dut
tons Landing, Solano County, and
was interested in the dairy and
cattle business on property adja
cent to a ranch conducted by his
uncle. Joseph Sclarlni. On a recent
visit to this city Bachrini became
acquainted with Miss Phlna Theall,
or Olsen, as she Is sometimes
known, and at once fell in love
with her. Frequent visits to her
home only Increased his love until
he became madly infatuated, and
on his last visit to the city, about
three weeks ago, when he found
her lying sick In bed. he became
morose and melancholy, and to
ease his despondency commenced
to drink quite heavily.
Last Monday night Bachrini vis
ited Miss Thoall at her residence,
SCS Folsom street, and stayed until
a late hour. When he left her bed
side he kissed her and bade her
goodby. saying that it would be
his last farewell, as the thought of
her suffering was driving him
crazy. Miss Theall tried to com
fort him but to no avail and
Bachrini. after taking a photo
graph of the woman from the bu-
WILLIAM KRUSE
DIES SUDDENLY
AT LIVERMORE
His Demise Will End
Litigation.
William Henry Knise. son of the. late
banker, Edward Kruse, died suddenly yes
terday at Livermore, where he had been
living in retirement for a few weeks on
account of ill health. He was a brother
of Edward P. and Emil T. Kruse. and
shortly before his death had engaged In
litigation with them over a trust clause in
the father's will.
Edward Kruse, the father, died in No
vember, 1696, leaving a large fortune to
William Henry's two brothers, a trust
clause in his will making it obligatory
upon them to look out for their brother
William as long as he lived.
On December 8 last he tiled suit asking
for a declaration of the trust clause and
made affidavit that he had been neglect
ed. In his complaint he asserted that
he and his brothers had taken a pledge
In the presence of their deceased father'B
remains that no matter how his will
might read they would divide the prop
erty equally among them. He claimed
that nut only had this compact been
broken but that the trust clause had been
disregarded as well.
On petition of Edward Kruse to be de
clared his brother's guardian on the
ground that he was insane from habitual
Intemperance and other mind-wrecking
habits. Judge Coffey expressed his will-
NEWHALL AND BICCY REFUSE
TO MAKE ESOLA CHIEF
Decline to Be Parties to Phe
lans Despicable Bargain,
Two Police Commissioners Stand Out
Stoutly for the People Through an
Exciting Executive Session.
C--J-3 HERE Is every indication that
Mayor Phe!an"s despicable con
spiracy to hand the Police Depart -
Jl rr.er.t cf the city over to those who
would make it an agency for the
promotion of crime and blackmail has
failed. The Police Commissiontrs by their
actions last evening showed plain'y that
they have too much respect for their goud
names and honor to become parties to any
fcLJch outrage.
Commissioners Bewhall and Biggy
refused flatfooted last night to vote
for Frederick Esola for Chitt of Po
lice, and announced that as long as
they had a vote it would never be for
him. Thomas and McNutt held out
for the Phelan-Lavrrence programme,
but failed to get it through.
Little apprehension is now fr.tertained
that Frederick Esola will be made Chief
of Police or that Andrew M. Lawrence
¦will be able to get his pound of flesh
from the bargaining Phel&n.
While no decision was reached on the
appointment of a head for the Police De
partment the fact that the Commission
ers, after a lengthy executive session held
in the Maycr'fc offlce and continued in
their cwr. apartments, did not name the
new Chief is taken as proof positive that
they refuted to abide by Phelans plans.
That Lawrence has practically thrown
t:p his hande was in a measure announced
by one of hi? attorneys, who i:i a condi
tion of unusual animation said more than
bt might otherwise have done.
Previous to getting down to business the
Commissioners discussed the Chief of
Police situation at an informal supper,
¦with Chairman Newhall as the ho.^t. but
the nature of the argument was not an-
A nuffiber of routine matters were dis
posed of before It was announced that an
executive session would follow. The
members at onco adjourned to the May
or's o!Tiee. where they remained for nearly
*n hour closeted with Phelan. It is au
thoritatively stated that others were
present who were directly interested in
the election of Esolii. It was intimated
that the meeting with the Mayor was
Phelan's last desperate act to whip the
Commit y'.or.ers into line and force them.
If possible, to forfeit their self-respect and
standing in the community in order that
be might be enabled to carry out one of
his pre-election bargains.
Subsequent developments disclosed al
most beyond the peradventure of a -loubt
that Phelan faiied ar.d that the Commis
cioners refused to be puppets to do his
bidding. When they left the Mayor's of
fice to resume their deliberations In their
own rooms the look of disgrust on their
faces as they marched through the cor
ridors toifi plainly the result of the Inter
view.
Andrew Clunie, who was one of the
Esola-Lawrence attorneys In the recent
investigation and who last evening was
filled with animation, accosted Commis
sioner Blgrgy in the corridor and accused
him of •'falling: down." Mr. Blggry re
sented the insult, but friends of the par
ties interfered before any blows were
struck.
Clunie followed the Commissioners into
the outer office, and when he was barred
from taking part in their executive de
liberations he lost control of himself and
began to talk. Mr. Lawrence's lieutenant 1 ?
were watching him through the open
doors, and they made frantic efforts to
get him away from the interested crowd
that was listening to his harangue.
He told how he had beon drawn into
the case and then thrown out of it. arid
took considerable satisfaction in the dis
comfiture of the Lawrence people. Cliri?
Newman was sent to bring the talkative
attorney out of the room. He whispered
a few words into his ear. but they had a
disastrous effect. He burst forth !n a
tirade against everybody.
"Those fellows in there," he said, refer
ring to the Commissioners, "are a pretty
lot of ducks. Fine kind of friends they
are. They pretended to be friends of my
client and now they have fallen down on
us. Biggy has fallen down. Thomas has
fallen down and I don't care a cent what
the rest of them have done." Clunie was
not given a chance to disclose any more
of the state secrets before he was ushered
out of the way.
After a loiig wait Commissioner Thomas
Cftme from the inner room and announced
to the ntwspaptr men that they need not
stay any longer, as nothing would "be
doir.r" that night.
After adjournment one of the Commis
sioners stated that the appointment of
Chief of Police was the principal matter
under consideration, but that the Com
missioners could not agree upon a man.
It is certain from this that they do not
favor Esola. It is intimated that three
Commissioners were against the appoint
ment of Lawrence's man, while but one
of them voted far him. The charges
against the lieutenant received but little
consideration.
The commission will meet again this
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, when it is an
nounced the new Chief of Police will be
named.
Black Mohair Creron
Dress Patterns, five
stules- -57.50 pattern
Black Mohair CreDon
Dress Patterns, six
stules- -$9.00 oattern
Black Silk Mohair Cre-
Don Dress Patterns,
fifteen stules
512.00 pattern
Black Silk Mohair Cre-
ron Dress Patterns,
nine stules
515.00 uattern
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.
LOVE-STRICKEN SWISS
SWALLOWS STRYCHNINE
14