selves to elevate Ksola to the ttosition
he has. long sought. The eentlemen
" who will direct police affairs under the
charter were chosen -simply because
they gave their absolute promise- that
they, would make Esola, the successor
of Lees. -.' • '.. .- * ¦"-• . -.. ¦
Even Mayor Phelan gave way to the
pressure that was tjrougrht "ttpori him
and changed the commission as' he
originally selected' it to suit the ideas. of.
those whom he accepted as his dicta
tor's. If.was his first intention to make
Reuben H. Lloyd * . Police Commit,
sionex to. satisfy the demands of M.. H.
de Young.. When the 'supporters of
Esola learned this fact they . voiced a
protest and Mayor Phelan scratched the
name of Reuben H. Lloyd from his list
of eligibles. He had also decided to
name D. I. Mahoney as one of the Po
lice ¦'.Commissioners, but Mr. Mahoney
was' not satisfactory, to the friends of
Esola" and went the way of Lloyd. D.
V, Kelly was also another choice of the
Mayor, but fell before the Esola forces.
• With one .-exception- ervery member of
£he new commissiort, before he. re
ceived his commission, gave his sol
emn," definite pledge. .to . make Esola
Chief of Police. ,;ACTv V • i "
When The Call makes .this assertion
it knows what- it .is .talkincr about.
' There is now.a disposition on the part
of two' members of the new commis
sion, to deny this fact, bat the denials
arc futile. When William Thomas ¦ wire
informed that he might be- appointed a'
Commissioner of Police he was forced
to promise that he -would -make " F. L.
Esola Chief of Police. William' J.
Biggy and Dr. Mcl^utt were compelled
to make the same promise, ami .those
that know these facts are at a loss to
understand why these gentlemen, with
the : exception oi Biggy. who 'admits' his
pledge, are nbfc so vehement in "their
denials of their promises. .Their friends
have- gone so far as. to ask them if they
have any reason to regret- what they
have done, or if they- know anvthlnz.
that would make .• their election of
Esola an ' impropriety. . .
appoint men who. would elect; Esola
and these men must carry. out their con
tract.. ';\''^C; /.-I; -;
'Chief. Lees -w-a's not Ioni? fn discovering
.this condition of affatrs. Ii? saw that hla
reign was over and rather than be thrown
out by the new commission ho detennlne<l
¦to accept the privilege of the pension law
ana go .voluntarily upon. the retired vu 3 t.
Until ten days ago he believed that at
.lea^t two mejnbers ot the preeent com
mission would be chosen to serve upon
the new board. If this had been done
Chief Lee*, would have been retained in
the ' position from .which he has now re
tired. I«s friends declare that he ba
lleved It hrs duty to retire with the men
with whom he has' served so many year*.
¦ For nearly a quarter of a. century he has
served under two of the retiring com
missioners. . He believes that they have
contributed the greatest part of the effl
ctency which has made the local police
department one of the greatest In the
nation. Since their services- are no longer
required he feels that he also should re
tire. He does not wish it to be under
stood, however, that he has re^ifned. He
has simply gone upon the retired list and
may be asKed to return to active duty
let the position which he has just left.
• His letter to the Commissioners demon
strating this Is as follows:
To ,th^ Honorable the Board of Po
lice Pension Fund Commissioner!* ot
the City, and County of San. Francis
to—Gentlemen: M respectfully mak*
this my application to be retired on a
pehslon under the provisions of section
three. t3> of. an act of the Legrlslaiure
Of the State of California entitled "Ap.
act to create a police relief, healtb anrt
life insurance and pension fund In tne
•everaj eotiritles, cities and counties
¦cities and -town? of the State." ap
provjed March 4. ISSJ.'as amended by
an art of tlie Legislature »f the State
.of CaliTorcia- tntitted "An act to
amend, an act entitled *An- act to cre
ate 9- police reller. health and life In-"
Surancf and pension fund in the sev
eral counti*--. cities and counties, cit-
lea and towns of the State,, approved
March 4. ISSS,' " approved March 2
•is>?7. . - .. ¦
.1 am over 60 years of a.ze. I wan
bom on the 2T>th day of November. ISTO.
in Lancashire. England. I am and
have been since the <>th day of April.
I*^9. a reslflent of said city and county
of San Francisco, and a citizen of said
State of California and of the United
States. I was'CUly appointed and sworn
anci «iuaUfle»l .asa member of the re*s
ularly constitued'. Police' Department, of
the city and county of San Francisco.
-State of California, on the 2Sth day of
October, 1551, and I have served for
.twenty years and more In the agsrnt-
Sate, to wit. for more than torxy-elx
•.years as a duly .appointed and sworn
and qualified member of the regui»rly
But can Ladysmith hold out?
We hear reports, of! plenty, of
food and ammunition and the
fine spirits of the troops, but the
report issued yesterday shows
that while an. occasional Boer
shell finds its victims' among the
besieged at Ladysmith; disease is
working considerable havoc.
Dysentery and enteric fever are
increasing; daily, and the average
of deaths is also increasing.
. General' White reports- sev
enty-one serious cases of enteric
fever and dysentery among, the
troops, with, ninny .others ' sick
from the same causes, not se
riously, the number hot bein^
• . - •¦¦_• *. o
stated. Such conditions must
necessarily .weaken the gfarrison's
powers of resistance. •
It is understood in . well
informed circles that the defense
committee of the Cabinet has
had' under ' consideration the
question of defense of the em
pire generally, and of its artillery
in particular, and that in conse
quence a statement will shortly
be made to the effect that a very
large, expenditure is to be pro
vided for in. order to make. good
Britain's deficiencies in this re
spect. .
As the construction of artil
lery is a matter of time. : it ' may
not.be possible to ] manufacture
new armament sufßciently rap
idly for use- in-.the South African
campaign, but it is said that the
defense committee has decided
that the matter is to be pushed
through as rapiclly as possible.
Much of this new equipment
if is>tated, while : being suffi*
ciently mobile for use in the field,
is intended for adaptation to the
necessities of what are known as
guns. of position, showing l that
the lesson which the British have
received from the Boers has not
¦. -in dlhtr Ulandi wiU rirogrtss satisfac
"/ '.tortly d.urjnk. the ri^xt few months, and
:'. t hat •" before the bf^ir.r.ing of the next
¦ lainy w»«an a -cons id-rable reduction in
•'.-. tfie. force may be rr.«'.^ The policy in
"•- ¦• withdrawin- troops win be to brtni^ those
' kome first which have been there the
: ¦•Jfls r c;. . . . - : ; _ .
' Otis is organizing local civil
in those parie of the Island
tr.der his cojTtrol. and it uill be the policy
;«* the admir.tatration at «* "¦arly a date
i « jiOEsible to fjrsranize ar.d put into ope
ration over ail the islands a. civ;l govern
rcectv: under the President's military au
thorny. ¦ . . .
As «oon as po**ible after the completion
of "the detailed report of the Philippine
CommjMlon. the President wishes to send
Oolopel Denby "back .to the Philippines
with two other Commissioners. As m-i
«ber Professor Schurman nor Professor
"U'oreesUr willbe able to return two new
xcer: w-n j-,« appointed. Before carrying
oui this plan the President will consult
members of the Cor.eresslonal commltte*
chßrged with Philippine affairs.
i ne ract that the northern ports of Lu
ton have tipm thrown open to commerce
*^d that the President has cabled in
¦iructlons to General Otis to open .the
•ouibern ports «h»r e there is hemp as
roon as possible show confidence in the
situation. It hae been Intimated that
r.emp speculators have used their Influ
enr# with army officers to keep the hemp
ports closed, it is Raid at the War De
r-artment that if any officer ha* been af
fected by this influence it has not reached
General Otis.
ARCHBISHOP CHAPPELLE
ARRIVES AT MANILA
M\XrLA. Jan. 2.— Archbishop Chap-
P'lie. the papal delegate to th« Philip-
Fln*-*. ajrl^ed here to-day on the Cnltefl
States tranrport Sherman, which sailed
from Ran Francisco on December 8. He
»!!1 \n<Sge in the house formerly occupied
by C-harles Denby or the PMUpplne Ad
vifory Committee. This action on the
part of Slon*i»mor Chappelle settles the
Contest between the various frtar broth
erhood*- in Manila, which-, separately,
have been fisißg their influence to' obtain
the privilege of entertaining: the Arch
blfhop and the Rev. Father McKinnon.
; l«-te of the California Volunteers, and now
time residents of the islands declare if the
friars are returned to their former par
ishes the native?, seeing them return un
der American administration, will surely
auack and hill them and otherwise cause
disorder.
Revolutionists having started the rumor
that Mpn.«igneur Chappelle intends even
tually to recommend the- appointment of
Father McKlnnon as Archbishop of the
Philippines, the Tatter's Hefrnpe of the
brotherhoods in the American newspapers
having been translated and circulated
nmon^ the natives 'or the purpose. It Is
declared, of showing that Father McKln
non will support the brotherhood If he Is
selected. Suth staTcmeme as ihe?e create
uneasiness among the nAtives. which is
Increasing by recent news rc-cejv e d from
Spain to the effrijt that Monslgnor Chap
pclle will suppo: '/ ..he brotherhoods.
The Tasalos, 1' I!" declared, have become
wore embittered ykealnst the church since
Archbishop JJosaleda. excommunicated an
insurgent priest, and it i« said the num
ber of Protestant marriages among the
natives continually increase?.
GOVERNOR OF GUAM
ABOLISHES SLAVERY
MANILA. Jan. 2.— A naval officer who
hns arrived here from Guam i>rln#s a. pro
clnmdticr. lssred by Captain Leir;\ navai
solute inhibition and total abolition <.t
*' EV ''> or peonage, the order taking ef
fort February 22.
Tli-. prologue of the proclamation de
ciarts that the Bpanish system, of peon
n?<\ rr.icuntlr;? to slavery, is a nenue to
popular liberty an ri a viojation cf the
&& r o l n^^ tBiot 8 iog Uaraflteed b >' Americn
TRANSPORT MANAUENSE
WAS NOT SEAWORTHY
MAXIMA. Jan. Z.— Colonel Fettlt, com
manding the Thirty-first Infantry, and
Lieutenant cok>nei Hayes, who command
ed the three companies of that regiment
on board the transport Manauense, which
arrived here on November 28 and report
ed terrible experiences at sea. the steam
er helnK classed as unseaworthv, under
manned and short of provisions, have filed
official rfvports corroborating in every de
tail the etory of the Associated Press at
the -time describing the hardships of the
foldierg. The colonel* report, which is
particularly rtwrous. recommends «. claini
aralnst the snipe owners for the uniforms
of tho whole battalion, which were ruln«sl
during: the passage.
Continued .on Second- Page.
ISAIAH W. LEES, RETIRING CHIEF OF POLICE.
Generals Buller and Joubert
are engaged in a great game of
war before Ladysmith/ like two
experienced chess players,
neither making- any' decisive
moves, but trying to find out the
other's intention. Buller is
anxious to ascertain theiorce left
by the Boers on . Ulangwana
Mountain and the exact loca
tions of the guns in the Colcriso
position. Joubert, thinking this
exclusive attention to the left
center of his position suspicious,
has strengthened the right.
It would be unwise to refuse
to face the facts, and, notwith
standing the optimistic dis-'
patches from some of the cor
respondents on the Tugela River
about the eagerness of the troops
to engage the Boers and prepar
ations completed for the ad
vance, the facts. are that Buller
has before him a .task of the ut-
• With a force which lacks mo
bility and is dependent upon one
line of railway and with cumber
some transport, he has to cross
the Tugela and march to Lady
smith in the face of an enemy su
perior jn mobility and. little infe
rior in numbers and inspired
by success; he has either to turn
the hostile intrenchments or take
the bull by the horns and deliver
a. fresh frontal assault.
It is not obvious how slow
moving infantry are to get round
fast-moving mounted infantry
such as the Boers. .Of course if
it be possible •to wait another
month, and if Ladysmith can
hold put- for that time the
sixth division, with more co
lonial mounted ¦ .troops — '¦ ah
arm in- which Buller is partic
ularly weak — would .be available,
and with "full preparation by the
far/more; powerful artillery npw
at his disposal j' Buller' may suc
ceed in a fresh- frontal; attack.
LONDON, Jan; 3.— Colonel
Pilcher is another British
officer who has adopted
Boer tactics and has gained a
small but strategically important
success. . It has been known for
some time that there was,a.con
siderable Boer force at Douglas,
a small village on the Yaai River,
fifty miles west of the Modder
River. A portion of this force
advanced to Sunnyside, twenty
five miles from Gras Pan, and
was in position to threaten Gen
eral Methuen's line of communi
cation. • i
Colonel Pilcher, with the Aus
tralian Mounted Infantry, com
pletely defeated the Boers and
captured forty prisoners at very
slight loss. Pilcher then pushed
on to Douglas, which he occu
pied. In this position he is on
the extreme of Cronje's right
flank and with the mobile force
at his command is apt to prove a
source of considerable annoy
noyance to that general, espe
cially as it is reported that Meth
uen's mounted troops are al
ready in communication with
From reports of the fighting
there is one. prominent,, .domi
nant fact — that the mounted in
fantry, this time the colonials,
can fight the Boers in their own
way and on their own ground
with a good chance of success.
Aside from this ¦ encounter,
however, there appears to have
been no other move. The offi
cial report from General French
shows that the fight at. Coles
be'rg was a. stiff one. His night
march from Rensberg -with cav
alry, mounted .infantry and in
fantry, anil his seizing the
heights overlooking Colesberg
to the west of the town, took the
Boers. by surprise, as it was a
march only possible for .a very
mobile column.
CANDIDATE FOR THE VICTORIA CROSS.
Lieutenant the Hon. R. L... Pomeroy of the Fifth Dragoon Guards, when retiring from the field on the occasion of. the
fight near Lady mith November 3. saw a wounded and dismounted trooper needing help, and. regardless of the bullets
which were flying thick around, took him up and carried him to safety.
a regular army chaplain, who also was
a passenger on the Sherman. It !s said
tho friars are striving to obtain Monsig
nor Chappelle"s ear for the securing, of
better protection of individual interests.
The arrival of the papal delegates di
rects attention to the question of the
church and the brotherhoods in the Phil
ippines, including the matters of deciding
the brotherhoods" claim to real and
property of the church receiving state
support aud of the re-establishment of
Spanish curates !n native parishes. By
the appointment of Mons'g-nor Chap
peiie as Archbishop Nozaleda's successor,
the > ilipinos and Spaniards f*»el that steps
will be iak»»n in thf-fe momentous matters
which may brinp infinite po<><l or evil to
the Island*. Consequently Monsignor
<"happelle's action w.u be clisely watch
e<! an>l fully discussed. All ilasnes of the
brotherhoods are anxious to send repre
sentatives to the parishes in th« provinces
recently occupied by the Americans.
Thip matter ffw.n will h«» brought to
Monslgnor «''haj'ppl!Vs attention and hip
ai<l in thf* connection will be «=o!ioited.
Inasmuch a^ tho iue?tl'in of the expul
sion of the brotherhoods from the islartds
and the freedom of the people from the
alleged -injustice cf memhers of the or
ders has always been declared tn be the
principal c«n?e of the revolt of the Fili
pinos against Spain's sovereignty, long-
CALIJ HEADQrAHTERS. WHL
XIXGTON. HOTEL, WASHING
TON. Jan. 2— Th<rp will be no re
duction tn tlie military force now
. in the Philipr-in^s for at least six
/•, rr.onths. Inrludinp a.l arms of tne
r^rvire there an now in the islands »»,<VX)
; folfAf-vf. in addition to about 1209 marines
. £t <""ayite and nbout S^Vi sailors on »ar
¦*h!r?/ The tots! of the fitting forces is
thw fully TO/WQ men. The- War DTart
. merit «•;«>¦<« ;o avoid ihe mistake' made at
• f,r»T. »f .i-»c!«T»»iitlmat:r.K th«» difficulties to
and the policy to be fdl*
..'Jnw»*i will be io have more men than are
'r^'-i'A rather, rhan too few.
' . > : rmy 'fficw pp.. duty in Wa«hinjrcon b»»
. ti«v«» rerji satisfactory prnprffs is be:nsr
rr.zfi.* 'in crusMr.g th* insurrection. It is
.jKsiMf;^! that Oe-jeral Otis :«= do.cc the
•work systematically, ar.d. having broken
;«p th#- organized insurgent . forces in the
¦¦rirth .sf I.uion. is gfrtag his attention to
• there Sn the southern pan of the island.
I* I* ' expected that strong forces .v. ill
tavp .xi he maintain.*<J for some t'mo ir>
. &":i parts of. the island to Srsarf ord»--r and
;ta:ptfete£t the municipal government be
¦'.r.g oirsp.rilzed from roving bands of )i;
¦fjTpcMi* and other disaffected '¦ natives.
:. J-"r.r i*i<fe. reasons there is to.be no reduc
;tisn o-f" ; the -military force.
'/•lt if,- hoped that the pacification of Lu
scr. arid •''-the organization of governments
The only member of the new com
mission who did not make an absolute
promise to vote for Esola is George
Xewhall, but his course of action was
never a matter of speculation to the
friends of Esola. Mr. New-hall's expe
rience in the Olympic Club stood him
in good stead. He is an adept at fen
cing, and while he would give his ques
tioners no definite answer he permitted
them to understand that he was ready
to obey the wish of the Mayor and
knew what that wish was.
Even Mayor Phelan ha? shown a dis
position to deny the deal by which
E?ola will be made Chief of Police.
His denials are, however, as futile as
those of the new Commissioners. The
Call repeals that Mayor Phalan ap
pointed the Police Commission simply
because he knew that the members
would vote as they had been pledzed to
vote— for Esola. If the Mayor wishes
the proof of this assertion he may have
it for the asking. He had no alterna
tive in the matter. . He was forced to
T HE. first jensaticrn in the admin
istration of new' San Francisco
has been sprung. Isaiah W. Lees
is no longer. Chief of Police. He re
tired yesterday and his successor -vill
be chosen by the new Police Commis
sion. While the retirement of Chief
Lees has the semblance of being vol
untary, it is as a matter of fact com
pulsory. He A\as forced to give way'p
Frederick L. Esola. who will be elert
ed at the -first meeting of the new com
mission to take charge of the Police
Department. This deal, which affects
most materially- one of the most impor
tant official departments of the city, was
predicted by The Call two days ago.
The Police Commission was appoint
ed by Mayor Phelan- for the single pur
pose of making Esoja Chief of Poiice.
Every other consideration of policy in
connection with the Police Department
was subordinated to this end. Candi
dates who might have. shown some in
dependence of action -were sacrificed to
those who were willing to pledsre them-
BRUSSELS, Jan. 2.— Senator Dejeane, former Minister o?
Justice and now member of the Council of State; former Sena
tor La Fontaine and other leading members of the Universal
League of Peace, have convoked a meeting to be held next
Thursday in favor of appealing to the United States Government
to offer to mediate in the South African war.
Seventy Thousand Men Must Be Kept at
( the Work of Subjugation in the
V Philippine Islands.
While Fi^htin^ Between the British and
Boers Continues, Members of the
League of Peace Take Steps
to Interfere,
STATESMEN WILL ASK
UNCLE SAM TO MEDIATE
IN SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
PHELAN'S FIRST DEAL
HAS BEEN COMPLETED
Chief of Police Lees Retires to
Make Way for Esola.
New Commissioners Must Now Carry Out
the Contract Through Which They
Received Appointment
NO REDUCTION TO BE
MADE IN OTIS' ARMY
Big Force Will Be Maintained
for Months to Come.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL T. D. PILCHER, Northumber
land Fusileers. Who Signalized New Year's Day by
the Capture of the Boer Laager at Sunnyside,
Near Belmont, Cape Colony.
TQLOIE LXXXTn-XO. 34.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
SAX FRAXCISCO, JANUARY 3^ 1900.
The San Francisco Call.COMMISSIONS BEGIN
WORK OF ORGANIZATION
.The newly Appointed Civil- Service Com
missioner*.'consisting Of Messrs. Freud,
Quljin and McCarthy, ."held an Informal
¦ meeting yesterday and discussed a- few
•points preliminary to ¦ the .permanent or
granlxatlon. ot tho board. The Commis
sioners • ag-reed to the following propost
. tloris, which* they desired published for
RRTT^ITTP'Q " FOR aARBERa. bar.
v ' boosea.. billlant tables,
brewers. . bccttlaier*** candy-tnakers. canners.
tfy«rs. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
•** n B e " r >. printers, paicters. shoe factories,
¦tablemea. tar-roof era. tann-era. tallen. eta.
BUCHANAN BROS.. -.
Ertish Manufactarerj. 600 Sacramento St
IA/. T. HE3S.
KOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTURSEY-AT-LAV.
Tenth flo-tf.. Room 1015 Clau» Spr«ckel» Bid*.
_ € . Telephoaa Brown Sn.
«««!««»«• txi California «t.. below PoiriD.
Ean Franc! *co
COKE! COKE!
* , P. A. McDONAUX
• WaoleraU Dealer and ShJ?p«r ot Co*»
ojticb cv iroLaoii ax.
cor.slituted Police Department of the
eald city and county of San Francisco:
that if. J have cerved contlnuousiy as
surf) duly appointed and sworn and
qualified mesxtber of said regularly con-
Ftituted Police Department of said city
a.nd cc>UJ>ty of San Francisco ever sinca
my 6ai-1 «p;»)intment on October "S>.
15.".3. 1 was duly appointed and Fworn
and cjualilltd a? es-slstant captain oi
police of and in the said regularly
ocms*tit:;te.d Police Utpartment of .-aid
city and county- on the sth day of De
cemb<r. l&l. and I Mfred as BUCta duly
appointed end sworn a»id qualified as
.- .>*:. :.• captain of police from my said
arpolntrai-nt as euch captain of police
uMll I was fluly appointed and sworn
«jid Qualified ¦ as captain of police of
and in the rep-uJarly constituted I'ollce
l»epartment of said city and county. In
July, IS3«. I v.as duly appointed and
t-Born and qualified as captain 1 of po
lice of and in paid regularly consti
tuted Police J>opartm*nt of eaid city
and- county in July, I^D7, and I eerved
as Euch duly appointed and sworn and
qualified .captain of police from mv
paid appointment b« «uch captxUn <.>f
police until I was duly appointed and
Fworn and qualitied ac Chief of Police
of and in said repuiarly constituted
Poli«*e Department, on, the "th day of
April. I«<7. I was duly appointed and
t-worn and qualified as Chief of Police
of and in said regularly constituted
Police Department of the paid city and
county on the 7th day of April. Ifc2..
I was" duly appointed and sworn ana
qualified as Chief of Police of and in
eaid regularly constituted Police De
partment of said city and county of
Ssn Francisco on the Cth day of EV?
coml-er, IS9T. Since mv said appoint
ment as Furh Chief of Police, on the
7th day of April. 1537. I have served as
•sucli Chief of Police of and in paitl
regularly constituted Police "Depart
ment of eaid city and county of San
! Francisco, and lam now such Chief of
Police I do now hold and have held
paid rank of Chief of Police of and m
«<a.id ri-KUlarly constltued Police De
partment of said city and county ci .
t-an Fram-iPM over since my said ap
point rm-r.t as such Chief of Police, on
the 7th day of Ap»il. 1807. That It is
lit jus-t and expedient that I. your a»
plicant. hhould be so retired on a pen
sion under eatd section . thjee as
emended. .' - ¦ "^1 ?
VVith your kind permission. 1 . 1. a,vall
•myself -of this opportunity to tftnder to
your honorable hoard my benmctt
thanks for the kindness, estfcem ana
c«urt<>sy that your honorable board
has uniformly shown to me.
Hoping that this application -will. re—
ceivc your approval. 1 am, with great
esUH-rn, your obedient Fvrvant _-• ,
T>at«»d San Francisco, thin 2d day of
Januarj'. A. D. 1?00.
Tbe order, of retirement as adopted, bj
T\*hereas. I. VT. I>-ps. Chict of Police
of .ac city >nd county of Sa^ Fr&n
cisco. has duly presenUNl .to .thisi the.
Board of PoJi.ce 1 Vnsion =• Kus»«i - OJm- ¦'
miss-loners «>f the cltv and 'c-ouxxty at '-.
¦gan FrandsjSJi lil!*.appllcaU>>n lii* <Juij^_
form of law to M rctlrti'on' a p'eni^onl
under the pr^vi^lohs of section I of ;-an
act of the L<esl*hi**ure ot the Slat»:of
California entitled '"An act to crcaui
a police relief.- health and Me Insur
ance*, and Doiision. tunil. In. the 6ev«ral j
CQu:*ales. cities and crtunti<M. cities and .
t<r»-i-s of the State 4 -" approve*- March 4.
ISS9, -a* amended byaa act. of the Leg
islature ot the State of California,, en
tltled "An act to amend an. act. entitled"
An act to crcal« a polie*. relief, health
«.nd Slfe Insurance und pension fund -In
tb«* several counties, cities anjl Coun
ties, cities and towns of the State, ap
proved March 4, 18?9," approved March-
KrtOff; and - ' -' . •
Whfrea*. It now appears •to th^ eat
lßtactloa ot this, the. Hoard -of Police
Petslon Fund Commissioners of tba.
city: and county pi Bah Francisco,
¦tha.tFald I. W. L*-*-* W over CO -years of
ac-: Kri tbat he h-Sb korn ontht Ssth
day -of November, lssd; and- that h-o h-as
pervfid for t-tt'^nty yrArfl.aC.d.more In
th»» aptreßat'e.. ta.-wU: ' cu.ntinu^usly
for forty-t-tx..y«-arn and niorcti* a, H-uiy.
ajijx^iTited: and sjvo.rn and' quaJinod
raerobf r of and in the rcßUlarly consti
tuted . Police Department, of- the city
and count*}- of Saa Pi ;ir.<-:six>» Biateof
CaiirorniaV and tliaxt he-wan- <sufy ap>
Ipoimrd and tworfa au.l <iuali!l*-d a.s a
merebcr/of said" regularly ettn.stltuited
Voile© Department .on the tSth day -of
October. .-::;; a:ii -that^ne xinm. duly
«;>l -*¦::. :••¦! and sworn and quuliflied as
assistant* captain: of police pf and In
,6£ld; regxlarly- constituted Police, Pe
esrunent of- said -city -anil * county .on
the tin day o J December. 1554 : -aiid that
b» »as duly app<>4r:ted :ii-<l- worn ajnd
oi'alined 'as captaiii of police of u*nd in
the . rcg-utarty constituud Police Pc-
Ipartment of faid; city and cQ'uniy in
July.. 1557; and -that b« wis ; fluly
«ppV>lnte4 4nd '• rworn -and .Qualified
•as- ¦ Chief ¦' of rottc«'..o*f and in
raid, regularly constituted. Police .De
partment of <aid 'city anq connty. on
the 7th da,y- of April. I^7, and" also that
he jj'as duly e»i'i»ointed- aad s.w.'or-s- and
qualified as XTnlef: of Police of aiid in
paid regrulacly -copstU-uted Police De.-
part'tnent ofl-paid -city .atrd coubt^'. on
the Cth day of l>eoj?niber, 1597: and that
he now holds and.h&s hel<> the* rank of
Chief of PolU"« of and. -fo said regu
larly: constituted Kollce Department oj
eaid--city 'and county of-San K-rariclsco
fpr-the full period of more than. .ona.
year prenedlhjr thf* 2d day of January,
A. DC 1900. that is; that he has held eaid
rank continuously ever-s!nre h's: -said
appointment as euch- Chief of Polii^
on paid 7th day of AprU'.-lS?7: that' all
Xhf facts set forth in paid application
of said I. W. L*ea are true, -and that
raid I W. -L»ee« is. tsndei* B*K-t»dn ; 3
of naid act of the L? cJslature of the
State of Caltf ornra. approved March. 4.
Uiii'M amended as af oresaid, . duly
CONSTABLE JOHN E. CREED.
SAI'SALITO, Jan. 2. — Constable John E. Creed of .this place has a -pric»'oh:hls
head. 'Wherever he Roes, day or.'nlght, two stealthy forms follow, him: The
hlfrhbindors of the Yung W(iiCbmlto^-^V«, : twk^-3ilm^£6rid»tii.'^lt.
Is only a.qupstion of tim*» and opportuniiy, ; ami^ ;the Sau'salito c6ns.ta.ble: .will
fall a victim to the hatrhetmen. ¦ • .". ''- -.'. • :',•'-.'.: . ¦ -,'¦'¦: "~ r ¦..'.':-.-'•
Yesterday Creeds Chinese laundryman Informed him that a. pricij had twen:
pet on him. Creed does not teem at all disturbed ahd-promlseS a-warm time, to his
fthadow«»rs should they attempt vloteac«.-i"H« to*fpol^ri^jmajS'*nft-fi»«;led'an;
adventurous life, and no doubt will make his word g00d,;.;.: • ¦'.( - •'• -. ; : .¦•.••.'¦••.-• v
The lauttdoman, when ee<m to-night, Ftated- that.- the; trouble grew- oyt of.
Creed's capture of two hlßhhlndcrs 1 flshins bo.itp avweek ago. V-The Ghlnama.n also
cai4 flhat Town Trustee Silva w-is being watchetl by the Tdne. T%'o htehbrnaers.
Creed rxp«*ct!< that the men will call him to his <k>or pome night. and. while he
ftanrtf stlhi-uetted ngalnst the licht will "drop" him. . And' so; a reign of terror
ha* fje-en iaiUtutcd by the Chinese hatchetmen in quiet Sausali.tq:'.-. . '.-.
To Cure La Grippe In Two l>ays
Take •Laxative Bromo • Quinine -Tabfet-k All
dnjirgrlBt3>refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. tsc.
fEHNYRDYAL PIUS
W _r"'&*?i«. Original »ad Oalr Cta-anta*. ' a
£ttnrC\ 5V 1 - fc -" w *. T « r^u****. l*s.c» u>
[utiij. *m ¦!*:». miHAn mo. •r».896]
••Yon have saved my life, snatched
me from the brink of the grave almost,
and I wish to thank you. About eigh-
teen months ago I was a total wreck,
physically. I had been troubjed with
leucprrhoea for some time, but had given
hardly any attention to the trouble.
?! At last Inflammation of the womb
and "ovaries -.resulted. and then I suf-
fered agonies/had to give up my pro-
fession (musician anti piano player),
was confined to my bed and life became
a terrible cross. My husband sum-
moned the best physicians, but their
benefit was but temporary at best. I
believe I should have contracted the
morphine habit under their care, if my
common sense had not intervened.
" One day my husband noticed the ad-
vertisement, of/your remedies and im-
mediately bought me a full trial. . Soon
the: pain in my ovaries was gone. lam
nbw-Tvell, Strong and robust, walk,
ride a wheel,.and feel like a j-firi in her
teens. I would not t>e without Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Coinporind; it
is lilt© water pf life to me. I am very
gratefully and sincerely - your well-
vvisher, and I heartily recommend yonr
remedies. I nope, some poor creature
may be helped to health by reading my
story."— Mks. Col. E. P. Eichaedson,
RmXELASDEB, "WIS.-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Col. Richardson
* SAVED BY MRS. PINKHAM. j
STREET-CAR FARES
FALL AT MILWAUKEE
Despite Injunctions the City Council
Passes an Ordinance Benefit
ing. Workmen. ¦ •
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 2.— ln spite of t!ie
fact that injunctions were hanging over
the heads of the Mayor, City Clerk and
members' of the Common Council restrain
ing these officials from creating the street
railway ordinance into a law, that meas
ure< over which there has been a lively
flght for -several weeks past, was finally
passed by the Common Council - at this
ev-enring*B session by- a -vote of 25 to I—six
teen' members refusing to vote. The or
dinance was immediately signed by Mayor
Rose. Further legal proceedings ' are ex
pected. .' - . ' • -
The street railway . company probably
will issue tickets at once, in accordance
iwith the provisions of the ordinance,
which calls for the sale of twenty-five
-tickets for $1. rood for certain .hours.
qualified to be retired on a pension .as
therein' provided; and it' further- ap
poarlns? to the satisfaction- of this,', thf
aforpj-alil boaril, that it is fit,. Just and
expedient that' said I. W.- Le.es- should'
be ¦ so retired ' under paid - 's*ctl6n •*
of said act of the I^ef-rialature ot '-'the
State of California, approved March i.
ISi?. as amended as au)resaid:: .
Now: therefore, it is. on this 2d day
of January; A. D, ir«)0. hereby ordered
and directed. a.nd this, the ."Roaj-d of
Follce Pension Fund Commissioners of
the City and County of San Francisco
hereby orders and directs, that said I.
\V. Lees be. and he is hereby, retired
on a -pension from further service in
the Police Department of the City and
County of San Francisco. State of Cali
fornia', as provided in section 3 of said
act of the Legislature of the State of
California, approved March 4, 1559. as
amended as aforesaid; and that said 1.
W. Lees hereafter and during his life
time be paid from the Police Relief and
Pension F*und of the Police Depart
ment of the aforesaid City and County
of San Francisco a yearly pension
equal to one half of (.^e amount of sal
ary attached to the'rank of Chief of
Police, which be, the' said I. W. I*-es,
held as aforesaid in the said Police De
partment for the period of one year
next preceding the. date of his retire
ment. ' • .¦
In retiring Chief Lees closr s almost half
a century of active consecutive work in
the PoMce Department of San Francis.co.
The department as it Is to-day In its effi
ciency is the result more of his work than
of any other man. It is due to him, that
modern methods of police work are In
voruc. Ills Ideas have not only prevailed
in the local police department, but have
been introduced into other metropolitan
systems. Through his efforts very largely
the department has grown, until now it is
the rival of any of the great departments
of the world. In the matter of experience
and of detective ability Chief Lees occu
pies the jfnviaMe. position of having few
equals in the world.
What his future 'course shall be he has
not determined. -\Vhen his -w-ish for retire
ment was honored Commissioner Tobln
wai? chosen acting Chief ..of Police.- Mr.
Tobln then delegated his duties to Captain
WlttmaxL,... . - • '¦' ><"->'•¦¦¦¦¦'¦".
OTHER OFFICERS RETIRED.
They. Include ; Two ..Captains, -Three
Seigparits and Nine of: the
Bank and File. : ¦:
j Besides the r Chief those . retired wero:
• 'aTituJn J&mes'Moran, -property cl.erk;.
Captain C. : P. Wright* clerk, to tho Chief
arid Police Commissioners:. : Sergeahia
Thomas Bjethell; Thomas.^ Fl'and<r>- and
Hujph MonaKhan;'"PbllC!Pmen- J.pspph'lJorf.
an, | Joseph: F. Murphy ..'.L. ¦"M"' : Benjamin',,
R. . T. Rathfon. Thomas . Byrnis. Maurice
Bohan. John Cohnbjly. 'Tiiomas' jIL- Dillon
'and; P^ter Cc>leman:|_ They ¦¦¦R-.orc 'all-. retired*
at their own requo.^f/.and-with thc'.cxcrp> :
tlon of Captain . Wrjlght the date of their
retirement i-was'madk t>ecfm.b'er. 3i. "VVri«ht:
will hold ofHce ur.til Jaftuary .&.;. ¦;-. ¦ " -. ." .".•
Dillon and Coleman. were ; the; only! ones
wh(j had served the' twenty -; years ; and.
were -bx^eriCO years ; of ace. Sonio -of- the
others had- served.- twenty- years '.or over. :
tut: had riot .the age .qualification, 1 - and
they all Ciiime under the disability clause.
Captain* Moran,' whose ¦ cbh'teiripfated re-
tlrement" was mentioned -exclusively. "• in
last Thursday's Call, was boTh .ijay SO,
IMS, tiid ioin6d: tho force March 'l," 1878,
hAving: thus served- nearly. . tWenty-two
years. • In : ISSB, during the 'Suiter street
raJlroa'd strike, -'he -Was-'serionsiy: injured,
and hais never entirely recovered. .lonian
was brttrr: fitted for. tho position he occu
pied, as he was not only efflciertt An the
dlseharee of bis arduous duties. -but' was
al-Rayji-i.-oiirtfi.nl!" and affable. In his man
ner to everybody who had : business In: hla
dppaftmrnt. His place wilL be hard to Jill.
Captain-. .W.rigrhfc Joined the." force- -May
23. iv*3, was apjKJlnted sergeant- pfeeember
i; IS?S. aricl clerk to; the Chief February 1,
ISO?, onthe do-jith !of Clerk ' Henley. . Hq
wiap born 6<-ptcmbeT 14 t ISM ; in- Hllisboi p.
Ohjo, B-nd ser% - ed \ett years in the army, in
the .quartermaster's-. Inspector. E-cneral-'a
an<i engrine*r"-R departments, i He .-was well
knv^'ii to- Major' <*orieral"» Miles,, who al
ways took: a lively- Interest in hlB-welfiirt-.
H> has town for- months a/ sufferer, from
rh«utnatl«cn--and lun-liuc-i. .lie was'* liked
by. all the men 4.n -the deparirheht for- his
ppn'.al. kirjdly waj'B; and.- like '.'Captain
Moran. : was a'.syays -courteous and pleas
ant to his callerr. - : '."" .- -- : ' '•"• -tv*
Se rfjeant." BMhell waa.;born Nbyembjsr 15;
' IS<2." and joined thie force November" 20,
]S7a. bc.in£- promoted" scrpcan't pecemher
27.. 1878. For over - twenty yearn his has
looked after. the'Blck memb-prs of the' de
partment' and -.Ihe -wridows.. and orphans,
arid these, duties h.<? . fulfilled admirably,
wlnninjc the love ar.d esteem of all wno
knew him.' Siiice the recent death of his
•wife- Mb health has been slowly but surely
fatHn-sr: Sergjeant Flanders vrta ¦ born
Marcb's". 1840. and. joined -t-he force April 1
£0, ISSO. so that' he only; wanted -a little
over three months to'comeunder ih'g reg.
ular clause. H« has been t-n faillnsr. health
.for. a. long; time. Sergeant Monashah has
also beeh in poor health and not fit fo-r
•active. duty.. .He was born January 'B, 1546,
Joining: the force April 14,' 1«5d.. ••
. Byme- and Connollv tvere born 'In IS+4
and Behan In 1547. Falling iipalth- is
the ¦ catuse • agsixned in. each case.-
Behan ..has for the ptjst • -els-hO venrs
kei>n bailiff in one' t>t- the-: -.-Ptil'.ee
courtt. and perfonheVJ hf» •duties 1 mp < <t
creditably. .Doran Joined the force In Vs6."
nhd had one of his hands almost cut off
abbot six. months *ko.- Benjamin joined
1 In ISS4. and recently "nad -one of hia knees
•permanently Injured. "Murphy and Rath-
Jon ace said to be dying frfm consump*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FIGHTING
BOERS
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Attribute Their Success on the
Battlefield Not Only to Their
Courage, but to Their Wonder-
ful Powers of Endurance.
¦WTirX~ ME3ST FATTj,
¦ Men who fall In love, -war, socially,
financially or professionally can usual-
ly trace their lack of success to soma
physical disorder.
DR. MEYERS & CO.. the time-tried
specialists, permanently cure all ail-
ments of men. Contagious blood pois-
on, other contracted ailments, wasting
weakness, nervous debility, diseases of
the bladder, kidney, etc, yield to their
wonderful remedies and methods.
PAY WHEN CURED.
As a guarantee. DR. METERS & CO.
will let the patient deposit the price
of a cure in any bank in San Fran-
cisco, to be paid after he Is entirely
well. If it is not convenient to do this
payments may be made in monthly in-
stallments. It requires confidence
backed by ability to make such an of-
fer. No other doctors will undertake a
cure on these conditions. Could any
one make a fairer proposition?
THOUSANDS CURED AT HOME.
Although It la preferable to see th«
patient In many Instances, It Is not al-
ways necessary. If you cannot call,
write for diagnosis sheets, free advlco
and other particulars. All letters con-
fidential. No printing on envelopes or
packages to indicate name of sender.
Cures sent by mall or express, f rea
from observation.
FREE BOOK FOR MEN.
DR. METERB & CO.'S little book
contains a great deal of valuable in-
formation for men, youngr or old. sick
or' well.- married or single. It give*
good advicfrand. explains the mysteries
of married life, etc. Sent sealed with-
out charge to men. Boys need not ap-
ply. " ¦ ; - ¦.;*,
DR. JIETEHS & CX).'S celebrated
treatment leaves no injurious effects.
NO INCURABLE CASE 9 TAKEN.
The fact that DR. MEYERS & CO.
take your case Is assurance that they
will cure, as they will treat no one who
is incurable. Consultation free. '
DR. METERS & CO.
731 Market street, S. F. Elevator
Entrance. ¦:.:::..;
Hours— B to 6 daily, 7 to 8 evenings,
9to 11 Sundays. • •. - -
GOVERNOR WOOD'S
REFORMS IN CUBA
Splendid Work Is Being
Accomplished.
ISLANDERS WELL PLEASED
HAVANA PRESS PRAISES THE
. . ' AMERICANS
Evils. That Flourished TTnder the
Spanish TLegiine Are Being
Stamped Out as Rapidly
'' ' •'.'¦¦ as Possible.
' ' Special Dispatch to Th» CsUL
HAVANA, Jan. 2.T-General Wood had a
busy day with the public officials and the
members of the conference of representar
tiye Cubans, including Generals Rabl.
Lara, Sanguily and Batancourt and Senor
de Castro. The conference will be in ses
sion three days.
After the secretaries were sworn In they
viglH*l their - respective offices to make
theraselTes acquainted with certain de
tails before meeting again for consulta
tion.-' ' : • ¦ . ¦
General Wood believes *ach department
should have power to do.a very important
work. He will appoint a commission to
deal with each -subject .requiring, in nis
jiid-jment, . special, consideration. nnese
commissions will consist of several mem
bers and their duty will be to get the af
fairs of the island upon a practical work
ing basis of self-government. "lhe most
Important commissions will deal wita
finance and the Judiciary.
The Finance Commission will arrange a
plan 'of local taxatiou lor all the cities of
the island, which will make a majority 01
tnt-m self-supporting and will leave tna
customs receipts tor Important . public
works, many of which are badly needed.
The commission dealing with the judicial
reforms will include representative Amer
ican and Cuban lawyers. It will take
charge of the reorganization of Cuban
criminal jurisprudence and will change
the horrible prison system of the island.
although many minor evils in connection
with the prisons have already been,
abated.- Th» commission dealing with
public works will; be scarcely les» com
plete ' than tbt» others and will have its
hands full. - '¦"•''
All the Cuban notables— the members of
the especially convened conference to ex
change views with General Wood — who
were present at the meeting to-day, speak
with enthusiasm regarding the frankness
with which he developed hla plans for the
benefit of Cuba. They point out that the
Governor General has already begrun work
along several lines. General Maso said;
"The new Governor General is a man of
wonderful tact and marvelous capacity
for work. I confidently believe that h©
wUI prove a great blessing to Cuba.'
The Patrla says: "General Wood Is
obviously imbued with the best intentions.
Although the council of Cubans convened
by him is not an elected body, it never
theless does represent tho wishes of tn©
Cuban people." '?- - t
The Lucha says: "The new Cabinet con
tains men whose honest names are guar
antees that the moral and material Inter
ests o-f the country are to be conserved."
General Wood has ordered all chiefs of
the various public offices to send In lists of
their employes, setting forth nationality,
length of. service and. relationship to the
revolutionary movement. • "
morning and evening, until 1900. after
which time a 4-cent fare will rule all day.
The street railway company's present
franchise and certain other new; ones are
extended to 1334. :
Trial of Chinese.
WILLOWS, Jan. 2.— The preliminary ex
amination of Joe Touk. the interpreter for
the Sam Duck tong. charged with perjury
in swearing to a complaint against Leong
Poon. a Chinese court Interpreter of Santa
Clara County, for murdering Joe Duck
Oln. a gardener, who died mysteriously
near Orland, this county, about a year
ago, was set for hearinsr in the Justice's
Court at Orland for the lGth of this
month. The preliminary examination off
Leong Poon was set for the lath. Attor
ney William M. James of San Jose has
been employed as counsel to defend Joe
Tduk Doth Chinamen are well known
characters among the Chinese of the coast
and the cases are creating considerable
Interest. ' - '¦
rS N New Year's day the torpedo-boat destroyer Goldsborough. built by th«
I I Wolff & Zwicker Iron Works of Portland, Or., was given her buildera trial.
I I-The course down the river from Portland to Kalama was chosen for the
¦ U run The Goldsborough developed a speed of thirty-two knots an hour, tho
best time ever made 6n the Columbia. The.contract speed is thirty knota.
gone unheeded. The sum. which
is to be expended exceeds, it is
said, 5,000,000 pounds sterling
Newspaper agitation ; as . to
who is to blame for the unpre
paredness of England fof war
continues. The latest contribu-:
tion is furnished by the London
correspondent of the Manchester
Guardian, who says: "I am told
that if Lord Wolseley. is assailed
in any public fashion' lie will de
liberately reveal the actual posi
tion he has taken- in \ connection
with military armaments. He
asserts that he has been over
ruled from the first,; and/ what is.
worse, that his advice . has been,
absolutely neglected."
BRITAIN NEEDS A VAST
NUMBER OF SOLDIERS
LONDON, Jan. 8— 4:45 a. m.— The morn
lng papers are unanimous in praising, the
gallantry "of the Canadian- and- Colonial
troops. " ¦ . ' • • ' ¦ .
The Times- rays: "The mother country"
will, share .with the Canadians, and Aus
tralians In the pride and. gratification they
mu?t'. feel .at the fine qualities: displayed
by their. trobDs. in this dashing ruttlia i.en-'.
gagemont.'-';. " ' ,-¦ -. ¦•¦ ;' ' ' . • ' . •'.-': • • .. '. ,'
The. Standard says: . '!The Canadians
and: Australians had been? spoiling for a
flght. 'Now they have had' their ippp'oiitu- •
riity- jatid they -have greatry-'distingui.shed
themselves, by their coolness and discip
line. From. .this /viewpoint of imperial
unity .the little .fight may .. fairly be de-
E*ribed. as :one: p.f ¦ the ; most.- gratifying
events' recorded .in the" recent history of
the British race." .' - - ' '.- ... . ¦ f ;.
''Although' the -contrhuance .of minor suc
cesses gratifies' the. British publlc.lt Is not
•forgpt that the larger aspects of the cam
paign are unchanged. As the Daily News
remark?: " .".It Is a day of- small- m«rptes.'*
'The Importance, pf both General .French
and Colonel Pllcher's victories. lies in the
effect they are likely to have on. the Colo
¦n'l-ol Dutch. ' The . latest - dispatch -from
Douglass confirms .the", earlier report that
the'l>cer laagers consist chiefly of British
pubject-s. who,, on the arrival ot' the.-small ¦
Free State commando, accepted probably
an invitntlon tqthi'ow iti .their lot with
the Boers; .thus terrorizing ¦ the loayllsts
who are now Jubilant. ¦ . ...
A Cape Town .dispatch, reports that ."the
rebels in Barkly district are demoralized
. by. the British occupation of Dordrecht.
(Should It turn out that the Dutch' rebelr
lion is thus i>eingr diminished it will be a
matter, of great relief for the British cam-
: paicn." -' ' ' . : . - ' :
The Standard remarks: "Until. the.Tu
gela has been crossed and Lady Smith re
lieved, It would be idle to. deny that the
present position in Cape, Colony is one of
very great. danger, and If, unhappily, Gen
eral Duller is- again, defeated, It-will 'be
necessary >to dispatch 100,000 additional
men to keep the Dutch in order."
Winston Churchill's estimate that 250,000
men: will be required to defeat the forces
cf the two- republics' haa been ridiculed In
many <ruarter-3>. but, as a matter of fact,
this number is almost reached,, without
tlje extra 100,000 which' the Standard fore
sees might be required. »>•.,, , rt .,- ;
Yesterday the admiralty chartered eight
more transports. When a,ll the troops
destined for South Africa join those al
ready there Lord Roberts' will be in com
mand of about 200.vn.-u men. Thirty thou
sand are now afloat or ready to embark
Military observers, In view of what these
figures mean, cannot see how the British
can fail to crush the Boers by mere force
of numbers.
SHARP FIGHTING
NEAR CAMP FRERE
[Special Cable to the New York .Herald.. Copy- ]
right, IW, by James (3ordon i. Bennett. He
publication of this -dispatch' Is.', prohibited. '
. All rights reserved In the United State* and
• Great- Brltatn.J ..-••' .- •"' •• •..
LONDON, Jan.. 2: — Tho special-. • corre-".
.epondent of the Daily Mail -sends this, dis
patch:' ' • " • ¦' . . • ¦ . • •
.'. FRERE. CAMP, Jan. -2. — Testerday a.n
acivanced'.plcket of- light' lnfantrymen arid.
the South African light horse,:, stationed'
under cover hear- Hussar. Hill., observed
fifteen*' Boers, come .into the- open .beiiealh.
At -a distance; of about -fOOy-ards our men
opened fire and ; threo of- the horses were
eeen to gallop, .away riderless, w : hile..two
men' were.-- carried '- awaj'.. . apparently.
woiindedV and .the remainder, ot the fenemy
topkto cover. .-,.. : \ : ' '.V --.V '. .'. '¦
SlmultancGusly [ri, • body of - ; : Boers,, esti
mated' at 'SW. rushed' out 'from: t'he : . bushes
and rciurricid: our fajfe' Qur- smalt- fiarty
ihereupon-Tetired.' w'ltl>o,ut ; i.c,asu?ilty.: A . pa
(roi which .visited ;the .scene .some time
later was told by ! the ..natives that flve
Boers -had- been, ktyed:' and )three wounded
and that. the bodies. had;bfeen removed^. It
Is erid«nt. fronj thesudaenvappeiarance ot
a large body -of; the enainy; that' ithisy-. were
.cagnizant of t.he presence of "our-picket?
and tried -to Jure. them, into, -a: traj>;- Tiey
tlon, .The former ; jolned . the f ore* April
2, KB5, and the latter May 14, 1887. . • ¦ .
TO FILL VACANCIES
T-he Police Cpmmlis^qnera .will hold thdr
final meeting- to-nieht.. when a succeEsor
will be appointed.', to' the yacancy. caused'
by- the .retirement: %of ;. Property Clerk
Mqran. "Sexg-eant/John ' Greeni; who ¦ has.
becii Captain: Mbran's chief • assistant, la
irt.-:the direct line -of promotion, ahd.it is
antlclpawd thttt the Commissioners, will
follow the. rule -they have' hitherto adofit
ed.and give a deserving officer the reward
due- his .-faithful and^effieiertt '.services.. If
that ¦ should be,- done. Corporal : CHls, the
other assistant In' the- office,, stands' in the
line- of promotion -to •'sergeant, -and- he
richly deserves It. -There are a number of
names 'mentioned' of-pa.trblmen -who .are
/ookinc for-'pro-motlon/to'fTU.t'he -vacancies
causea -by- the retirement »'f .Sergeants
Bethell,'. Flanders an 4 Monaghan, and
many- will be disappointed. '.-¦ ° . ...
• The . vacancy caused' by; -the de.ath.' of
Lleiitepaht Nash will ¦: also .be filled' to
night. One of the names most prominently
mentioned for the place 1 Ib Sergeant .Rich-,
ard Bidwill. ,onp. of. the. most eflJcient -of
ficers in the department. He rapidly rose
to his' present -position -as- sergeant after
joining the -force, and for- a number of
years has been desk .sergeant In the" City
Prison. He is -thoroughly conversant wl.th
all the 'details, of -the police business, is
always courteous, and affable in his man-
rjer. and', his long years of. faithful and
meritorious service should entitle him to
the earnest. consideration of- .the Commis
sioners. ; "¦• • .- •" ¦;:'¦: ¦ .-.
reckoned, however,- without the'ir*host.
Last Right a force, of our mounted In
fantry approached ' close to the enemy's
position at Colcnso and fired several vol
leys,'the naval guns sending out thirty
lyddite shells. There was no' response,
though It seemed plain that the enemy
had Buffered material' loss. • • " . •
LAAGER AND FORTY
PRISONERS CAPTURED
LONDON. Jan. . 2.— A dispatch • from
Dover Farm, dated January 1. says: A
mounted force consisting of. 100 Canadians
of the Toronto company and 200 Queons
landers, commanded by Colonel Rlckards,
two guns and -a horse battery under Major
de Rougemont, forty mounted infantry
under Lieutenant Ryan and 200 of the
Cornwall Light Infantry, the whole com
manded'by .Colonel Pilcher,- left Belmcnt
yesterday at noon on a march westward,
cpvering twenty miles before sunset. The
force camped at Cooks Farm, where the
troops were- welcomed enthusiastically. At
6 o'clock this morning ; the force, ap
p'roafihed 'a spot where a laager of toe
Boers was" reported.. Colonel - Pilcher.' on'
approaching, the position, which was -a
line' of; strong kopjes, detached Major
Rougemont .with the. guns, Torohto.s and
mounted infantry to work toward .the
right. ¦ making ja. turning, movement him
self .with' the Queenslanderß toward the
south of the position. The maneuver/ was
a complete success] ' The British . shells
were the flrst Indication of the '¦: presence
of the troops. The Boers left their laager
and .opened fire., but the Queenslanders,
completing the movement, the laager was
captured,' -with forty prisoners. The, Brit
ish casualties were two men killed, three]
wounded and one piisslrigV "fhe ' whole
force worked admirably. The two men
'¦killed- belonged to the Queerislander's. -,. .'
' ,BE:i^IGNT;,Cape Colony^ Ja.n^l::— X;djsV,
'patch. from/.Doyer .Fjirm;,/dated<Ja4U;?^'.
1, Bays: .-.'.•'. ' .'.. .'.-"' ." '".V. :'.: '. '-:
¦ V-Th'e Colonial: troop's who have .been
longing to tie allowed toVmeet .the.. Boers..
have' at last been given ari; qipppxtunltj
to do. so and scored.. a brilliant success.
The raid . conducted by \ Colonel Pilcher
was 'very difficult; owing to. the. fact that
¦ttoe movements of the troops' wereimme-:
diately communicated to the Boer si by.
natives.' In order- to prevent this Colonel
Pilcher, in making his forced march from
Belniont, .left, a British trooper, at every
farmhouse- with instructions not to, allow
the natives to leave their homes,, the
patrols calllnp the names of the natives
hourly Jh order- to prevent their, escape.
Iri-the maneuver, at Cooks Pilcher sent
patrols east. .One of .these, consisting, of
four -men commanded by •• Lieutenant. Adle r
suddenly encouptefed fourteen Boers, who
opened flrel ' The leutenant was .severely
wounded and Private Butler gave up his
horse In order to carry the lieutenant' out
of., range. . .Another private,, whose ¦ horse
"had bolted,' plucklly. returned .'.to render
assistance. -.'He was wounded m. "the' leg
arid his horse ' was killed; ¦ Meanwnile
• Lieutenant Ryan; who-. had worked* mag
nificently, reported' that the veldt x>n. the
right of the' enemy was clear, whereupon
Major Derougemont ordered the- guns to
a trot. They arrived within 1500 yards of
the laager, ,un!imbered and planted five
shells 'in as many minutes- within .the
laager. "• ;
"Immediately the enemy -could be seen
streaming over the kopje. They . were
completely surprised, but opened a well
directed fire.' A representative of tho
Associated Press had the prlvelege' of
carrying an order to the Toronto company
at double-quick iiuo action. • The order
was received with -treat satisfaction. The
company rushed forward until within a
thousand : yards of the 'enemy's position,
when it opened a hot. fire upon .the kopje
and completely subdued the Boer fire.
. '"The British artillery shelled the posi
tion with wonderful accuracy, while Lieu
tenant Ryan,' with mounted lnfanry.worlc
ed round and completely uncovered the
fire of the Boers, who had been ensconced
In the bushes.. " - - r}
"Meanwhile Colonel Pilcher, with the
Qi.^enslanders, taking advantage of every
cover, made a direct attack, the Aus
tralians moving slowly but surely, ajid
only shouting when they saw the enemy
retiring under their Bteady fire. The
Queenslanders behaved 'with great cool
ness, laughing and chaffing . even at tho
moment of greatest peril."
DOUGLASS, ¦ Cape Colony, Jan. 2.—
Colonel Pilcher has occupied . Douglass
without- opposition, and has been, received
with "enthusiasm by the loyalists. • .-
"Piirlng the advance the. Boer .fire sud
denly ceased. -Thirty-five Boers, hoisted a
white flag- and surrendered, .. A. portion of
the .Toronto's" moved across. the front of
the guns and" entered, the- 'laager. The
Boers -had fled. Fourteen, tents;.- three
wagons, a great store of -rifles, irhmuni
tloi', forage; saddles/'andcaip.p equipment
and. numerous ''Incriminating .papers Vyera
captured^ The Boers- lost six' killed aiid
tv.elve wounded. The Torontos stood, the
galling fire with admirable, patience", never
wasting a shot."' • • . : •' - ; . -'¦ - : . . '
-. . '.'. '• ' '...'': «¦' — — '.'-',-.
FRENCH'S REPORT OF
VICTORY AT COLESBERG
. LONDON; Jan, 2.-^Thfi success p£. Gen
eral French's ..column, is' -at- length con-,
firmed pitnclally,. the this after
"noon issuing' a dispatch (rpm Cape Town,
Monday, January ' 1, as foijows:;:" . ••¦"•-'¦ ..
.''French reports' at 2p. m.' to-day, from
Coleskop by heliograph :aaf olio wsj
¦ .-'" 'leaving >at -. ! Rehsburg i holding tha
tmerriy in front, halt of the- First Buffoliia
and. a section of the .Royal Horse Artll-?
the consideration ! of those '.who in/ tlmft
will have business with the commission: .
" 1. The comtnlseldners axe. of one mind re
. Brardins the nature- erf the proposed exam
¦ fnatlone< " The . questions .to be. asked' will •
be practical In .their character and relate
. to those matters only which -will fairly test
¦ the relative capacity, of. the persons ex
amined to. discharge the -duties, of the po
sitions to. which they seek to be appointed.' ;
.When appropriate, tests of physical qiiallfl- •
cations will also be required. This is strictly .
in accordance with the letter and spirit of '
¦ the charter. Furthermore; a« required b>
' -the charter, the -selection .of "laborers- will .
. be governed by the- priority of application, j
No political .or rellslous. opinions or affllla- ¦
tlons -will have anything to -do with any
question- propounded. '
2. The- commissioners are- unanimous in .
believing that experience .In the public ser
• vice should count, for something prpvided
• that applicants are equally competent. In
other words.' the -commissionerq-do not be-. .•
lieve that the ¦ fact" of- presentvp'r-post-em
ployment under the city 'government should .
¦ be a baf to- future employ menti provided
that the' pas-ty has- faithfully discharged
his. or- her '.public- duties. . ' '.
. ."S. Regarding the.. appointment of the chief "
•• examiner-' and" jßtcretary- of the commission.'
the commissioners all .agree .that.lt. would'
' be appropriate to- have this party "selected
' after a .fair)' open and competitive examina
tion. Although this Is' not required by the
charter nevertheless the commissioner* .be-
Ileve that the principal of the merit system
should be adepted and a beginning made
¦ in the very ofUce of the commission Itself.
Accordingly the public Is advised -.that this
position Is. open to applicants from all parts
•of the city. As required by the charter •
' they must be residents of the city and have
-actually resided in the city for at least one.'
•yeecr previous to their application.
' The n?w Board .of Education met "yes
terday afternoon at the office of Director
Cecil Mark at the City Hall, and aftor a
conference of over an hour "adjourned to
the office of- Mayor Phelan to officially in
form htm o-f thfe result of the meeting and
receive from him their commissions. Lota
were drawn to decide who should take the
long and short- terms, with the folio-wing
result: John Casfeerlv. four years: James
Denman. three yearsr Mrs. M. "W. Klncflul,
two years; C. W. Mark, one year. Thd
board will hold its first regular meeting
on Monday next," when it will elect Its
permanent officers. For the secretaryship
there are three candidates, R. P. frooe,
11. ' P.. Doolari and' Ebenezer Knowiton,
Continued Prom First Page.
STATESMEN WILL ASK UNGLE SAM
TO MEDIATE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
lery, I started thence at 5 In the after
"noon, December 31, taking with me five
squadrons of cavalry, half of the Second
Berkshlres and eighty mounted infantry,
infantry carried -in wagons, and ten guns.
I halted for four hours at Maldors Farm,
and at 3:30 this morning occupied the
kopje overlooking and westward of Coles
berg. '-. The enemy's outposts, were, taken
completely by surprise. At daylight we
shelled the laager and enfiladed the right
of the 'enemy's position.- The artillery fire
in reply was- h.ot j from a fifteen-pounder
using royal" laboratory ammunition and
other guns.- "We silenced the guns on -the
enemy'js right. flank, demonstrating with
cavalry and guns to the north" of Coles
berg, toward the Junction where a strong
laager of the -enemy was*-, holding, a "hill
position, southeast of Colesberg as far as
the Junction. ..^:\ ''!<.¦ ."•'.'
• ¦•" 'Otir position cuts the line "of retreat
via the- road and bridge. "Some- thousands
of Boers with two guns are. reported to be
retiring toward Norvalspont. '• . • ."•.*¦"*'
" "All- Remington's scouts proceeded to-,
ward.' ..' Achte.rlang -yesterday 'morning.
Slight .casualties.- about.' three killed and
few-wounded. "Details* later.' ''•¦-• '
•Brief '^-dependent messages from. Rens
burg, filed the evening' of .January 1", sup-,
plement* General Frenclh'Js . dispatch but
slightly. According- to' these/the British
were, still, shelling the- Boer position at 5
o'clock- Monday; evening-, and expected to
enter Co)rsberg to-day." The British.. losses
were three men. kllle.dajnd seven w.dunded..
No .officers .were killed of .wounded. The
Boers' • .are 'supposed ' to '.have suffered
heavily from the accuracy., of the .British
artillery fire.- General French's statement
that- -.'the Bqers were using a" flfteen
•pourider and Woolwich ammunition evi
dently 'refers tri one. of .the. British guns
captured' at Stormberg. • ' '¦ * • : - . "
The Boers' strength. in: the. engagement,
with.; Genera- French" was . estimated at
f mm 5000;tb' '700Q- rrieii. o'vi ' • ¦':'.¦' ' •' ,'¦ :'?; }: '. " ¦'¦;
BOER VERSION OF THE
COLESBERG FIGHTING
.'.PRETORIA. Jan. I.— Last night (Sunday)
the llrftish in. great force attacked Com-,
rnandant Schoeman's. commando in the
Cblesberg district and tried to storm the
position. •.'¦'.. .-.;. • • ¦ .
They repeated the attack this morning,
but "were forced to retreat, , the B6er3
holding the position. The loss of the Brit
ish is not known,, but it is reported to
have been heavy,. .. : - '.""¦".'
The Boers consider it a great compli
ment to tho Transvaal that Lord Roberts
should' have. been selected toithe supreme
command of the ' British forces.
' Three British prisoners, who were taken
at Malagrov say that Captiiln.Wllson, hus
band of Lady' Sarah -Wilson. • and flye
other- officers whose names ¦• they refuse
to give, were wounded in a recent sortie
froiri Maf eking. .''..''_.
LQNDON.'-Jan.. J. — The Tin «s- publishes
the following, dated Jan. ' 2, from Lour
enzo'Marquez:. It Is asserted that. Major
Daly and forty-one - men of the British
medical "corps, who were left at Dundee
ivhen the town was evacuated, are now
on. the way from Pretoria to Delagoa
Bay. '-:':;¦ : .*. ';>-"¦•>
GERMANS SORE
OVER THE SEIZURES
BERLIN, Jan. 2.— Strict silence Is main
tained in official circles regarding the
seizure of. German steamers, but ttie cor
resnpndent of the Associated Press
learns that the affair has .created an ex
tremely painful Impression in political
circles. Energetic diplomatic steps were
immediately taken in London, and the
lnadmlssabillty of the right of a British
cruiser to search a German mall steamer
on the high seas . has been emphatically
asserted. The Government is awaiting
London's response before taking further
action. .
The press continues to point out the
innovation involved in Great Britain's ac
tion in -seizing a vessel botween neutral
ports and searching for contraband
destined to further transportation In order
to aid the enemy.
The owners of the Deutsohland deny
positively- that she ¦ contained persons or
goods ¦ Justifying seizure. ; The Hamburg
Chamber of Commerce reiterates thls^ ex
pressing at the same time a firm convic
tion that satisfaction .will be demanded
and- accorded. Hamburg's trade Is suf
fering, through Buch incidents,- and this
Increases the anti-British sentiment here.
.... . * - *
SIGNALING BETWEEN
BRITONS AND BOERS
FRERE CAMP, Jan. 1.-^The Boers in
quired by heliograph to-day: -. •
"Why .is- Roberts coming?. What has
Buller.done?"" *• . ' " '. ";\
\ The British replied: '. • •• ' ,
."Hotvr. did; you like our lyddite In the
late battle?". / *. . ..".'.. / , : ;>;' .-;
-. The .Boers signaled In response: ,
PROTEST AGAINST THE
SEIZURE OF A BARK
HAMBURG, Jan. 2.— Tbe Hamburger
Correspondent . announces that, the Ger
man bark Hans Wagner of Hamburg was
seized' by the British at Delagoa Bay on
December . 22^. and "that, her- owners have
lodged a complaint with the British For
eign Office." ' '. -. ' ¦'. ¦'¦¦;'•
vice principal of : to« Everett Grammar
School; ' ¦ ' • •
.. The Election Commission will meet to
day todraw for place, and, like the School
Board, will meet again on. Monday to elect
permanent ..employes. There ara several
In the flght for the. secretaryship of the
board, among .them t>. 1.. Gordon. Tom
Walsh and Lawrence Welch; " ' ¦
Whether or not Tax. Collector-elect Jo
seph. H. Scott was. a resident of this city
and. county five -years next preceding his
election • will-- be. determined- within the
next few -days. .by. Judge Seawell. -before
whom the cojrtes.t instituted by . Edward
I.Sheehan, Incumbent, went to trial yes
terday. Qn the opening of the session A.
Ruef-and Attorney Tuska. who represent
Scott, interposed a. demurrer to the com
plaint, in. which they denied the constltu-
tlonallty of .the -provision' of the charter
making five yean** residence, necessary in
•order, to legally occupy- the pbslttori
being contested.- Judge Seawell overruled
the demurrer ''and 'the- contest went : to
trial oh issues of fact. '¦
•Garret " .McEnernev. . "who- represents
Shee-han-. called Edward Hals-rey' ta the
stand. Halsey presented an, affidavit made
by County- Clerk Pflster of San Jose,-San
ta Qlara County, setting forth the fact
that Scott had registered In. San Jose on
March 10. 1593. Letters were then -pro
duced,", datid January 23, ISSS; August 23,
1595; October S. 1534, and August S, 1594.
'written by Scott .from San Jose and dt-.
rected to Benjamin Curtaz of this city re
garding dealings in retererice to pianos.
Scott at that time being.airiemb<?r of the\
firm of Scott & BrOwn, music -dealers, San
Jose. Mr. 'Scott -was the next witness."
He testified that • his- father-in-law; "Mr.
Curtaz, died In May, ISS4,-and that he
broke up housekeeping, shortly after that
and settled in this city. -James H. Don
nelly, A. A. Brown. L. I* Palmer, .A. Q.
Miller, John E. Harris, 'Andrew Young
Charles H. Nash, G. P. Btrkett and Oscar
Curtaz were called in- turn and .£ave .avL
dence regarding the tim*« they had seen
Scott In San Jose. -The'-ease goes on again
to-day. ' " . ""¦¦-.
CREED THREATENED BY
VENGEFUL HIGHBINDERS
RAPID TORPEDO-BOAT
DESTROYER GOLDSBOROUGH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900
fS\ i"XjrSfi A vS^Kk H Bate t&L
. Th* tuxuxf, eon fun. «»— ""ltbt^m
ctusla* ud motm.fr ctxrx— aa?«
(Tf «a tta
PALACE and
GRAND
feetda a r-rpotatten thrnt la kaewn wtw-r.
#Tt»r tb« EncJlKh Itc-rajja is igo-itx
Ccnnectad by a eovtnd paaiaxtwar-i
iV» room»-400 with bafUa.
JOHN CiptaKPA-rRICK. uuunr.
2;-'.•¦ .. / : &3\ Have written
'/-•it*, t0 * a r tha t
r rtfiS**» '.:¦•'¦ Hudyan pave
"..:"-- ¦•;•¦ <j M them strength
J3 -3e& and perfect
. ':¦¦'.'. "• /""""^^^W •-— 7- relief from
.^:-4-/e pains and
Ijri weak nesses
.-•"¦ V • V^vSaA' natur a! to
their nex.
JZ&ZrifS&r) Since Hudyaa
'¦¦: ¦ t?'.iiV^S ?}&?< it for sale by
.'¦ • fcV.^C^i^T alldruKlsts
¦i-J. BrZZ&rJr *i •» * within
KZ'stt'-IS&r SB ¦$*¦»¦ 1 1 mra c d late
•'(/-. LZ&-T «V I ' reach of every
e>*;f^£i*,-'%rjr- := * one. it is «afe
<Y.£r,r;'4v /-il Hudyan hat
' f»i '¦•¦¦ .;v*;f j ( V^__»--2fc cured thou-
iZy&V&Sffl i «nds of wo-
?«v^-<*-*sj 'ilVte^^S* men. who have
S >'«7:*r /V. II VLY^t^ no* written to
*~ ! &i\ V / B f^-SXTt tp!l * bout '*-
¦ 'k \ *if Ws& t' Hudyan is a
-.. .- .^S«=r- ,V \\ f \i\i££> I bf '° n tO W '* k -
'-' > «\V-. / WX^zi'i- P" I *' nervous
* aVv** 7ffra ~.*HT w"rnen. rvho
'.': . ':\- -V j lif'tn ' " ruffer with
•.•'• . ¦ ii l iVI\ r7/'lfcar 7/'Ifca- I rrecTJiarltles
'. '. • : • *\\ «/• ' a %%. and chronic
:".. •¦• ll*-* \ ' ¦' -'ff-St^* -- disorders pe-
' ." -.' (IV* ¦V / •¦Ks\r^ -^~ cullsr to their
.."¦ - : " jiVV IE-'A^-r^. "•«>¦.•
•- idfo&fr : '/SUtSYMI* woman
/"u 1 need suffer.
• • k- l %.^'- J *S>hff^i ¦ fcr Hudyan Is
":'¦¦ /i^^ ; \3fS?*^ i-!i -' ! a positive
jffs* -i:^**"-' f^^*^v»r-^— cure for such
• ¦•¦' *£f4ffi&Ei£iJJ' -'^.~=--y troubles. Dull
. *JfjWZ<ty*<2*£JZ-*' or throbbln*
"— - ' • . headaches <g),
"hc!low t-yes (Z), pale, tran faces <C). chtking »ea-
..fcatlor.» .;). oppressed Jeellng U>. palpitation of
.lieart iZ). pain In back ¦<!)— all -these belong to
«omen -who are vi.-tlms of remale complaint-
. Xludyan i:Cordi> prompt r»!|er.
¦ Iludynn cur** chrcnlc uiceratltns «r tr.f.etn-
•R'.atlon*. auruous <li!"charge (leucorrhoea),
relni-ul or lrr»-rular perioJs. Hudyan estab-
ii»hfs perman^r.t iK-alth.
fifT HIUVAN From -your drezclrt. £0c a
ULI ULDIAII packase. six pneksres for
ti id. It j our Jru)rsii>t do*>s not ke»p H. send di-
rect *<. the HUIjYA.N HKMEDTCO.. cor. Stock-
ton. EI1!« und Market «t« San Franrl»c«. Cal.
tAE^SOat UErARTMEST TOR WOMEN—
¦ CONSULT. UVDY AS DOCTORS. CALL OR
VILLAGES DESTROYED
BY AN EARTHQUAKE
Terrible Havoc Wrought in the Alch
alkalak District of the Gov
ernment of Tiflis.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 2.— An earth
quake yesterday destroyed ten villages In
thp Aichalkalak district of the Govern
ment of Tiffls. • '
and the popular: "error- that .the,- two. municipali
ties, are one - from' the. taxpayers' - : standpoint and
frbni- the'/cOnsi'd'eratlon.' of .'the "legal' municipal
problems- iri.v.6lved;;'lh their" -welfare- is'- so falla
cious "and'-Hke'ly- to .-conduct va such ' : nilsleadlrtg
conclusions-, taat it .cannot -be too early- cor
rected:;..'': .v\V -.<: ••' : :.. . •" "::¦'• ' : :¦'
-• The . samtaryi-'drs'trlct- 1 of '!. Chicago"' comrrlse?
all- of;;4he- cjty" .north -of " EMghty'seventh .street,
tOK'etli.er with some forty-three square' miles of
Cook County, outside of the tlty limits; -which
»IH' be*. directly benefited' by thp. Improvement..
The population: of the -city" of- Chlpago -in. IS3H,
aCcanJing to the Fedefal- census, was .1,090. 850.
a;ri'dj the. equalized- assessment, valuation of real
estate/. and .otM*r' .pnbpVsrty siitiject •to tajcation
in -the". Sanitary" dtstrlcf for the ; year IS9S was
»2J5,2?9,977,- being" one-tenth of- the real estate.
• :The "tfusfteea. "are. elected by-ftopular vote and
form, an? Indep^ndetit Organlzatipn.ifparate and
dl&Unct-frcwn the -municipal government of Chi
cago. : .The --trustees niay , levy- and collect
'taxes for -carrying. '-on .the. work entrusted to'
them, toj thp extent pf -. cmc-half of-.X-per cent .ot
t"he valao of the. taxable -property' within the
corporate -limits, of. th,e district, as .the fiame.
fh.a'll J&e assesseJ • and equalized for State and'
county. taxes of, the year in which' the levy is
made. .and. by -amendment; passed -by the Thir
ty-ninth -General -Assem.bly of Illinois in -1835/
this r>ower! was-lncresed ta JM per- cent for a
period ftf three years;' beginning whh the year
1595. . SabsrQueritly.lt appearing 'thaf the d'la
trlct would not haVe sufficient flinds to com
plete", the work.-'-the trustees procured - the pa.«a
'aK" of. an act by tha General Assembly in 1897
extending the levy of l*j'per cent for two years
more, or until . and Including the yeaf 1599.
They may Issue bonds to the extent of S per
cent of the value of the taxable property of the
"district, as determined by the last assessment
for. State and county taxes previous to the issue
or said bo.nds; provided, however,- that said S
per cent shall not exceed the sum of $10,000 000.
t'nder this authority the district has already
Issued $13,DC0.G00 of bonds, all payable In cur
rency, fS.Of'O.OCO being 5 per cent bonds. J3.6C0 000
being 4>£ per cent bonds and $390,000 being 3'^
per cent bonds,' running from one to twenty
years, except the 3H per cent bonds, which run
for twenty yearsfrom date. Of the others one
twentlejh of the Issue must be paid off and re
tired each year, and $3,200,000 has. already been
retired, -leaving $10,790,000 now outstanding. Ad
ditional bonds to the amount of $430,000 -will b«
retired on January 1, 1900. The bonds have been
sold at an average premium of about 1 1-10 per
cent. : : ¦¦¦ '¦ -:
HARRY CORNISH
ON THE RACK
S u bjected to a G ri 1 1 j ng
Cross Examination.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan, 2.— The forty-seventh
day: of the- trial. of Roland Mollneux for
the murder of Mrs. Katherine J. Adams
opened with Harry. Cornish" again On the
stand." .T"he : cross^examtnation'of Cornish
by. Attorney "Weeks was. the feature, of
the day's proceedings.' !" • .' " '
¦ Weeks commenced; by Inquiring about
the hour of Cornish's- return home from
the Knickerbocker Athletic Club on the
l)ight' of. December 27, 1S&8. Cornish ac
knowledged that he was mistaken, in pre
vious testimony .as to the' nour." The lines
of the .cross-questioning were sob'h shift
ed,-"Weeks-apparently attempting to' show
that Cornish, after twenty years of car
ing for athletics; ought to know the taste
of brotao seltzer. : . '.-.•' . ¦ '
. The witness was next .compelled, to rui*
i gauptlet of questions regarding. Ms re
lations With various members of the
household: of Mrs. -Adams. Cornish testi
fied' that he went to Chicago In ISD3-, and
that his wife. obtained a divorce frorij htm
In March, 1597.. Under a severe cross-ex
amination he admitted that he knew Mrs.
Small; that she had died in ISJM; that her
real name was Mrs. Patterson.;' that
he had sent the woman, to. a hospital be
fore she died,, and that lie had paid the
expenses incurred in connection with her
burial.- Cornish apparently was Irritated
by the searching questions asked by the
attorney for the defense, and finally re
torted:
. "You ought to know all about that. The
physician told your detectives all about
it."
The witness was closely questioned con
cerning his visit to the office of Mr.
Yocum, whom Cornish styled his "best
friend." He was asked as to the route he
took in going- from Yocum's office uptown
on- December 23. This line of questioning
was significant, as it developed the' fact
that -Cornish passed the' General Post
ofllce and that he had thus been given
the opportunity to mail the poison pack-
RESTORES LIFE
FOR A MOMENT
prehch Scientist produces Hes
. piratior) in the Corpse of
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900,
. . ¦ • by James Gordon Bennet.
', .> PARIS. Jan. 2.— Thebault and his co-scientists engaged hi" trying to pre- (
. vent persons- drinking. 'and MetchnlkofF endeavorlngr. to prevent them growing
• old, are put into the shade by ilaborde with his "regular traction tongue"
i system' of bringing the dead to life. • ¦ ./•¦.
. ; I^aborde's. system, was curiously illustrated at Besancon by Professor Cou
• tenot.- Among hishospltal patients Cputenot had a girl, dying of tuberculous
•; nieningitis. .During, one of Ms visits 'the girl dfed. The professor continued his
'.round of ..visits among the other pa tipnts and then went to the amphitheater,
where he delivered a regular, clinical lecture for an hour on the subject of
•'¦ "Resuscitating ¦ -the drowned Or suffocated by rythmical mechanical movc
• racnts of the -tongue." --•' , • . , • . .. .
¦;' At the end of the lecture Coutenot announced to his pupils that he was
. going to illustrate the technical part of the method upon the corpse of the
; girl wh;o had been dead more than an hour.. The whole clinic returned to the
'. hospital ward. After the girl's tongue had been drawn. backward and forward
,- several, times, according to Laborde's theorj-, signs of respiration were no
rjtlced and continued for an Instant. Shortly afterward the girl died again.
COMPLETION OF CHICAGO'S
GREAT DRAINAGE CANAL
Ir. y ; ;Gpnneets = Lake Michigan; SW ith the -
. ' r * Mississippi- River.
V-S'HIG-AGO-. • 'j'ah';'. -f.-Tne'' ; $33,000,090.
I:':..:, canal, af present ..used, for..sewage..
¦f .V.^.-'bu.t ultTrna-teij;-ta.b.e. : uße<l as"; a "ship
¦l .*' ¦¦. : c£Lhii. is in. use. to-day.". after* seven.;
yV< ypnrs -of har^.Y6rk;by. th.c trustees;
{if'the- Unitary' dl6trict;>hirh '..4s- ¦ th(* :
riatne ' -of % corparatlfln. including'; the
X&tgei riart. ailtij^/^lty: "Qt .Cihicap? r^d-j
manr of its: suburb^ "jyt least ;i»e ClrU }
't'ag.o-end' of'lt'ls : in. iisre.'b.vf thQ'-w-ater.
has- not ".vet. reached- the other end, -at
lit. 1 and- will." not- reach, it. for
Several ; days.-: Probably; never before' has.
the cprkpletl^n of .a ptlttltc workiwf sucli.
magnitude bfeie-ri _-iria ; rked;.with .'Bjicft; -abso-.
lute- ja<;k [ of : ( ceremony: " f. There/ were iio
sp'eec.hefe'. no- e'xexcJses; no. cheering. ' •• :
- -:\l>out S ia: * in, ihe -pahltary district; trus
tees- and Engineers K^ibor^a: at the scene.
Besides, ii-jew workmen -there werp--'np-t a
.do?erx : spectators: There : was . wer eraqd
xtish • of.. r wate"r. %0'- be'- followed "by the
cheers of .the -spec.ta.Xpts..... Indeed^. ..the
opviiln^ of" the cafial- resembled naore the -.-<
¦tiny 1 s.tfqam of water. thatfioWed'oyer- the;
Jlojland dike and grew lars.et: ana.la.rger
until" it swept, a (Treat .'-'hole In. the wall
of earth. That is the way the great canal
:\va.s : opened.". This' method ':was 'used ta
avoid .the danger : of a sudden rush of
; watefs, fjiit 1 it fobbed the opening of all.
impr^Fsiycno.sp. ¦ -.. ••..:'." • ". ¦, • ]
' \Vhat Is" called the collateral channel
has been .completed for sorte time from
a branch of the' Chicago River in. the
¦southwestern .pa-rt Df the city to within i
iiffeen -feet of the canal: -Monday night
"a Mis steam dreiige began - to cut away
this -Varl of earth, but the work, had not
been ifm'iFhcd when -the sanitary -district
tcusu-es arrived on t:h<? .sc^ne this morn- .
ing. Shortb 'before 9a, m. a. small stream
of water was flowing, through- the hole In
the tlftcen foot wall. It backed up against
a' sluice gate and at '9 o'clock .the .gate
was opened. a .small, stream ofdirty
water ilowed half way to. the canal and
t.t(h>i>bd. By this tjme the dredge had cut
away sonic more earth and more water
camelbver the dam. -.This, with what had
gone' before, trickled out on the' ice
covered bed : of the main channel arid. the
great canal had been opejied. The men
at work on the earth dam. tried, a- charge
of dynarrriie'to-rvmove- ah ice jam' that
wps.'interfering witni the ".flow pi water,
but the' opening was rjot enlarged,- At
last the- dredge worked Itself,. close up to
the. ilam of carth 1 anil ! v-ith- a few
sweeps; of its ''armVcuf a I hole in
the dam. Soon after a stream. of water
catoe- through. l>ut the dr.pflfce continued
for hours to cut away the llffe«n-f'oot wall
of 'cai-th.'- Finally the. cut in the dam was
d.lschargiiTg.'Si.M^ cubic- ftcf of water a
¦minute and the ftowwas strprig;di»wn the'
'caTiaii The jdr edge continued at' wqrkrall
day so as to: rtiiike ..the di'.-«:harge.:'so.pOu.
cubic feet or more, a minute:. The jcanal
has teeen . built i - to,.c'arr.y 3W.000 cubic, feet
a minute, biat ODly about 50,000 .a : niiQ.ute
will be admitted until the .channel is- full.
¦If the Chicago Itlver :had bet'-ri turned into,
¦the empty- cana4. at the rate, of. 300 ,6u0." feet.
a mUiutc the ongineers.wouia have. fears
for the-safety'of the- hunibroos' bridge
pjers In the canal chqnnel . and. for the
controlling -wiirks at : Lock-port and the
city of J-oliet. forty .in "ties -awaj-.- There
would have "been also great danger J.ii the'
Chicago" TUver.': from: a sudden fail of
water and a conHequent iri.-r.ushJng.frDm
take Michigan. .About. -Wednesday at
•jiobn'ithe'water:.|p expected; to . reacli L*>ck
port and about: fo"ur : days" from: ihe! time
the : flow began, a-ccordtng to the estimat*
of. the -ch.ier engineer.'- the. canal w.i» be
full and the water will begin to run over
the sills at The gate a t.Lockport. twenty
eight miles' from. Chicago. -There it . will
fall into the pps.plainr-s " River "and. then
into the llWnofs.and Mississippi, and s»
'tlnaUy Lakn Michigan will, shake :hands
\yith .'the tiulf 6( Mexico. . • *'. " ' •:.
people -are- already ieagerly
watching the offect oh thri Chicago: Ktver
of the openkig of ttw-. canal. .- Tliis.stream,
whicli is fo object icjnable In its-present
condition, is expected to. be..Gomparatively.
pure and certainly to lose -'all" Its! feitures
objectionable from a. sanitary standpoint,
•when ihe present stagnation gives way to
a full current from l>ake Michigan; -.
'Frobably no' public *"ork has been -undertaken
by any other Stat« or. nmniripallty' which from
ltV Inception was; dpslpn^d to do so i.m'ich for
the navitable' and corn njeijcla.l lnteresj. of the
country as the' GWCacO"- canal- The - require-,
ment of law which, coin Del 1 cd . the construction
of rock sections- lo meet.the demands of the
next generation was Til«<». -for it. has laid the
foundation of a mammoth: ship canal, connect-
ing the great lakfes with the MisslssippJ-: River
and the" cult and saving the sanitary district"
'of Chicago and the Federal. .Government the
great ' expense tliat- ¦wodlcj In -.the ftiture "be
: Hfcessarj" In rock, expaiatlon' and Ma'stinc un
dei* the flowine water. The canal, 'if . confined
¦bj' law to the . sine* requirement of dispasln^
of' Chicago's. Bcwaw, could hare b**n. • con-
Ftructed. for from $12,000,000 to $14,000,000, so the.'
sanitary district can jHstly claim, to .have- ex
ijeodt-fl at least $20.0<VUKiO \n the .dlrectron'.of the
Creat navi^abl^ waterway: -. -. " " .
. The . rroceedinest of -Consress will show that
In the lastKK). years, of petitions and' demands
for Congresstonal appropriations for- harbors
and .canals arid bubl|o imnrovem'ent's n6'peti
tioning clfy-pr community has contributed for
purely commercial purposes a per- cent of the
amount' which this sanitary district has. con
tributed towranl .the- comrnercla.l waterway- to
connect the great lake's with', the Gulf of Mex
ico. " ' ; "
. As an enßirteprlng triumph- the 'great int.er.est
in the Chicago, canal -He's In the fact that l.t dls
posee of the reware of .this city in a manner
contrary to the laws, of nature arid contrary to
the. laws of " gravity. The common law of Eng
land from the day* of the conquest, when cus
toms bcKan to be molded Into laws, and" down
to the present time, a.nd Indeed the laws' and
customs of the I»H'tln rade? as well." have recop
nlzed In t^e flow.lns streams of the lands the
natural outlet of "the sewage of all -populous
communities. Were the city of Chicago situ
ated upon the Illinois River, or were" the entire
'area of the city even situated In the natural
watershed ef the- Desplalnes "River, there would
be no significance in the nians forever to turn
the sewage, of the city down-, the valley of the
Dt-splalnes .and Illinois rivers, but the unique
ne'Fß of the canal plan is that it restores topo
praphical conditions existing in prehistoric
tinier—when the. overflow of waters, if, indeed,
not all waters ot the creat lake rejclon. flowed
down the Mississippi Valley by making: a cut
throtiKh the- placial drift and rock between Cht
caro and" L#ncfcport of an average depth of about
thlrty-nve , feet in order to onrc more restore
the iravlty flow from I-aike Michigan to the
De-plainps and Illinois valleys.
It Is not because a canal has been constructed,
but because a canal has been constructed which
diverts the pewape of the city of Chicago from
its natural outlet through the Chlearo River.
Into the lake to an artificial- outlet from the'
Chlcatro River Into the Desplalnes and Illinois,
that thp citizens of the Illinois and the Missis-:
slppl valleys contend against Ihls artificial
channel in contradistinction to the Inherent
right of communities to dispose of sewage by
the natural gravity flow of the country-
AVhlle the Chlearo River has been deepened
nnit wlilpripil in order to Increasa its. flow aixl
STORM RUINS THE
MARE ISLAND QUAY
Gouoty Roads 1 Througßdut ; the
\ State Rendered jmo^s^§t|.^
;i:f^^i:^^siog Waters," -[ K-/;y ; .
•r TAUXJO.'.Jan. *.— At about .3.0
V ¦¦'/.¦o'clock Monday r.lght the sentry on
-1/ ¦'¦•duty at the quay wall near the big
¦AI shears .at the Mare Island Navy-.'
.: "v yard was startled by a loud roar,
anJ en found.that- a large
portion of the <itiay wall including many
hundred. .... tons - of;, cranlte. lalocks,
earth :•: and concrete . had .. slid, into
:he: bay:." .The section that ; went
Hvrrboard is 150 feet . ions, but the
tlide cracked and weakened the quay, watt
for a spacb of S3 feet. In such a manner
that.it will have to be rebuilt. The slide
extends back 50 leet from the <juay wall
and destroyed the railroad at that place,
thus. cutting : '.oft railroad connection with
the^ northern half of ihe islandi ' Tfre
cause- is- jaid by the naval authorities to a
defective foundation. It was generally
iielievtd that the quay wail at that place
\vsis tio>.. ; properiy built and it is supposed
that the recent heavy downpour : of rain
caused an ejiormous pressure on the weak
jipjnt.' A survey of damages will' be made
immediately, as the break is ln.-one of the
Biust -importaat places on the quay wail. ;
i'he..damupe in estimated at fTS^OOO. . : ' :
• SAN. RAFAEL,. Jan. 2.— Series of be
leaguered ranchers and stranded wagons
are reaching here from all sections of the
coiir.ty.'.' .iTiburon is under water for, se\>
eral yards along the water front and con-:
EScerable damage will result to stores and
warphoases. • : *f he levees here broke t His
jnorniiis :ani .flooded the country and tGll
rQads. ':The .Bplinas stase was compelled
to.-.aban<l6ri:its trip 'this morntng/.: The
rain- ftiil" continues. : '¦ ¦ f -' .
¦.SAl'SAl^lTO.'J.an. r:^The seawall her*
¦»as : s*fp( away.mis morning and .Water
iEir^ei Is iehtlrely demoJlshed by the heavy
tejiis^'Cfiarles "Forest's! resort and: Joh
n which are built over tn<?
wiLter. on -pile.s ali"i were in great -danger
Jor:a.tiit3-e.: :\]l trains are running behind
time ami- .rhe Track of the North Pacitic
Coa^t ¦-••Rrulmad is in many places "washed.
.i->i:t-:'. ; Th.e : *--torm is the most. severe experi
c-'ncVd'Tor-rriany-years. ¦ " :.'•¦. ¦' ' '.
• -REPDiNa; Jan; '2.— Owir.p to the heavy
ra::is J-n "the "past few. days streams in. this
r<- : iri"rt.'are ".Tajrtng torrents. Much damage.
{p.-tur^to'.-rf stilt. unless the rain f eases:
T^e. Sacramento River had risen, fifteen
itfi U33» eftonoon at Redding arid con
tinuV^'ro."rise rapidly. The eastern ap
ju-na'chi-to tJie frc-e brid.ee is : covered -with
vrff-yinij depthf : ot water for a distance of
ir^.Vnrgs... T^ie last crossing with safety
.was! m-ad'e. 'this afternoon. . The Rel<l ferry,
crinHecti- 1^ with the Redding old diggings
district^has been closed on account of the
•h-ijrh -water. ¦ -The Keswick road where it
Fkirts the river for. a couple of miles is
impassable. The principal K^swlck stages
have feen taken off. Traffic between Red
dirtg'arid Kes wick Is -carried on only by a
:TV!u.nda.bbut "."way through the town .- -of
EtULEt^. The liieber stage could- not leave
\lA'< rnorning; The Weaverville stage pfo
t^A'iril r.r.ly as far as Grizzly Gulch, a dls-:
¦'ta.nce.ot fifteen Tnilcs. from all
.-/Vv.er. the :couhty. show the creeks to be
•:;.f' rdsible; ¦•"" The total rainfall measures
StS ¦ itiOhes.^. agrainst h.lO inches a.ttiiesame
date list season. '. ¦" • : ' ..'¦'. ~ ¦
¦-.-••..'¦¦•¦. ¦ -¦¦ — — -?— .• ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' .
COPIOUS DOWNPOUR
A BOON TO FARMERS
morrow. .'. The ¦threatening.: .weather l.s.
general-, over a 1! .of -Soutfiern- California.
Th*re has been' a sliglit fall, throughout
SanPiego County' to-day and, in all the
oountty. west of the "mountafrts-.Taln is
threatened, ." ' : ¦-•• '¦¦ ¦¦'.¦"¦ ¦ :' .
SANTA; CHI.-Z. Ja^ Z— For th« twenty
four hours jircoedi.ng- 1 a. • m. . Jo-day .xne
rainfall «nu J-S7 iirrh^. -At Honlder Creek
&.16 inches fell in twcnty.-Xoiir hoars. The"
San Lorenz.. Ulver,-is rtffrher thaii at. any
othnrtixn^.Jurijig .the present winter. The
bay was. very rough all:dayv the breakers"
dashing over .triee.rtds". of t,he .wharves. • ..
FREisN-Oi": Jan. ' 2.— The" season s rainfall
has been- •»:«' inejiei anU ;fpr;'.the past,,
twenty-four hours r Jt3.ot .&& JpLcH-V- Show-;
ers are predicteil ; for Vo'-morf€>w. ••'. :Th.ese
shQwers, which have continued at
vals since : SundaAv. have had tiie effect,
of dissipatitig a. season of heavy", fogs and;
frosts; which continued: fo.r' three", wrecks
previous.', during which "tiot. a' glimpse • <?£
thesun iias- been had. -Agricultural pros^
j-uects- have. n«yer -.been -more ¦promising.
The. condition of ihe roads' ti> the.moun
tain districts has be.en- §iich that-the .price,
of oord-Vuod has.gen* up. to-. 5". It is- a.
warm raiji". ' which -li«-. soaking well into, the-;
ground arid doing nothing but -good, '.:,Tb.e'
season's rainfall .is-, equal ,' to" the: entire-,
taijifalltfor the -*"lr)ter drought :season "'of.
1897-ss. ¦.-.:-.' - ; . ¦ % ;¦> . •,'.; •.
.". SA NTA ; ROB A.. '. Jan.*- 2."— Th*'. pew. • year
has" been nfchered in.'rby' ufle'.of. the ri.oavlest :
*torms khowiVJn Sono-rna 0 (jOuuty tot.heiftf
eral years; .. Almost: tliree Inches .of-, rain'
has. fallen, during .the- l.aSt iiicht'^nd'. tp'-r
day aiohe and the record for the -prcSjLQiis;.
right was" 1.57. Mailj- -small ibriogJei} tint
under .water .. T'h£'.. precipitation.- lor thQ
present:storm, which began- Friday- even*
tng. to: 6- o'clock", this ¦ .morning. -. >vas. 4.&&
inches';- total for the ¦s<?Aa6h i ,:iH.4O-inches.-
• STOCKTON'i Jan. i-VNot tt -the memory
of " the oldest Inhabitant ha'v.Q-the'ppoplt'
of gan" Joaqujn County seen -^udfi." peculiar
wearber.'cohditions as - h.a.ve.prevaU<?d. .In
Stockton-" and-. yfCihlty-ii&UTiok ¦ th<i.' -ph-st"
monthl" For- at least three w.ee.k-R'of "thiic"
time the sun did ; riot break'- 1 - through;-, the'
overhanging mist; and.: for ' the greater
part of; the period .'the fog.was; k.o .heavy',
as. to amount- i o a ".'cpntiriupusly-/ falling;.
dew. l."npave<J- streets i beaime .imparsa-'
ble, and Xiib apprniaches- to-lfee'cliy were;
little Ices, than sraa. of mud:.. Lfisi Fridajf.
night rath' began • tailing.- ahd--by;.inorning
.nearly .bal.f -aa- inch-h ad- faiieri.'.and. th&.
weather- se^rixied about -n*- cJeat.ofti: Sun.-"
•day. however. it.<*our!fd' xip-a'scim. and
though it has been disagreeably cold fo-r.
three weeks, the temperatufe-'rajse^d. ?<?v-.
eral degrees. ¦' Monday thefe-lwiis^rain, and
to-day a' furious --wann iwinfl/li- blowing
from the smith. thtOraln-'fal-liripr in "sheets
at times.-' Trie belief here is ihaf the- wihd
.wril bring .M'ith it the biggest .storm of the!
spasori or clear th?- weather off
There hasVbeen.'.sotne high water.- and it
Is . Expected more', will- follow-- jljis: s.tornf.:
As yet.- h-owever.-nb. danger-is' fij>prehbrtdT
c.d. - - Whtle" the- weather .prey^nf? plpwing
and seeding, it ig expect ed:tiiat •the siini+
mer fallow -crops, will be the heaviest In.
years.. -.-.". ¦-...• •, "" '; ¦' <;¦:.: :-.• •' " ¦•.••'•
: ¦ NAPA,. Jan: 2.— The.nistr year-was" ush-
. ered In wUb rain's which have.' continued
•up. to date. The river- is stjli risttg rap-,
idly. :•: • .' ::. ¦ ¦"¦ "'¦ ' •• .:••¦ ." • •
BAN DIEGO, Jan. 2.'-^The rain liere -up
to S p. m. was only a slight dri?zVe.' with
prospects for more rain tp-nlßht. . There
is no wind. " . ' ¦ "¦
WILLOWS. Jan. .2.-The heavlcst:storm
of the season took place last night and
to-day. .About t\yo and a half inches of
rain has fallen ih'the last twenty-four
hours. JCo damage worthy "of mention
has been done. Much' good will ne.sult.
iSS \S JOSE, Jan. 2.— There have been al
.-t.f-rtiattons of heavy \»ind and rain all <3ay.
.¦?'!¦.•=•. ; Lo|s Gatos Creok is booming and t))e
.'•::.<!• Vi reams are filling up. No dangfr,
¦however, is anticipated on account of pre
carrtJons taken"- in the ; past. The gro\:n-l
:i...v.vif •iioroiichly soak«-d and there Is
-ip.-r.»*r.-ii jubilation among farmers a^d
'.li|uFihtsg ir.on. The prospects for a pros
"pefoiis' year were never more encourrg
iiip. ; Tfe<- planting will.be far In exess
jnt' ifrFl year, tile doas«-rs rfporting unusu
t'a'ly-.ie-ayy sales. . Many building Improve.
-.fii'enis/.are -in contemplation, ' th? banks
•JikVfr f.o' much money, that they are re
fi;sir.g savings deposits and the merchaius
r!r<.:aolr!g"-<« remarkable business for this
t-.'riie'.of . the. year. There is no presi-nt
"jrtSjgjX^CtV-for a cessation of the storm.
The- total rainfall to .date Is S.L3 inches,
. ;-.jr.-i:^st AA<! inches for a corresponding pe
r-:r.ii last:year.: '-,'.[':'¦ -.".*'." -. :
; .PACIiAyKXTO.Jan, 2.— lt fcas t-een
¦nothing. : but:. rain and wind here since
'.nor>ii".v*-stf'rday'. -. The rain has not been so
"v.c ry. h^avy. but it Jia-s kept coming down
s:sF-?.oSly". "andfiar, a. while to-day the wind
Hew \'w:t"h hurricane effect. An & by 11
jilate Lgt'ißa. ' in ; Eapk son's show window
¦ vii.<-:brj6ken, .arid the. roof of the grand
."s-tarrd at.jT.he.pak Park ball grounds went
.I'-y.JnJT. "A. tew. *bade and ornamental trees
ti>»re uprooted -owing to the mushy condi
xfnji'.pf-".the. ground. Despite all the rain
..t.heJrty^r,"wak.'f,'tUlr.g:'thls morning, but
will", rise "before, to-morrow. Farmers
cprnpjajn". of too much rain, as the ground
Js "t0.0.-?'Dft. to' cultivate.
- • -SAI-INAS.: Jan: '2.-— Monterey County in
g"cnera.l,. : : and .this, immediate vicinity in
•jijarficurp.ti-.has. Ik^ji treated to a copious
•as well as -much^needed rain. Especially
in. th^.eQuifcern portion of the county,
.•w/h'ere.it-waK.mijst essential that rain
Fli£>u3<J fall- within a short time or *>lse do
creq-t xJamage to growing crops, there has
bejen "nearly aTijnch. The early rains in
the : sput r>: induced the farmers there to
pat • iii "s. large acreage to gra:n. further
ralris- caused; the grain to sprout, but for
the last -'two'. --w<-«-ki* warm winds retarded
the growth considerably and crops were
in. dang» r. The present storm Insures
this crpr-s of .'Monterey County, . Reports
"¦from -outride places In this county show
the- precipitation for the last twenty-four
.hours to b«? ai l^ast. half an inch, while
the season's rain is already over seven
!ncrte<«i more than the total for the whole
'feuOQ last year. • .
LoS ANGEL.KS.JeTi. 2.— The weather has
Itff-n threatening- h^-re all day. but only a
slight fall of rain has occurred. The
Weather Bureau predicts a heavy rain to-
TH^ SA^ T -FBAXCisCO mXiJL, WEDNESDAY, JAIHJAKY 3, 1900.
REMAINS OF MRS. LEARY
IDENTIFIED AT LAST
THE LONG-MISSING WOMAN
ACCIDENTALLY DHOWNED.
The body of the woman found yesterday
afternoon at Point Richmond by fisher
men was positively identified by relatives
as being that of Mrs. Elizabeth Leary.
As was stated in yesterday's Call the body
had been In the water so long a time that'
Identification vns almost impossible. Rel
atives went to Martinez yesterday and ex
amined the clothing and were able to pos
itively Identify it as that worn by the
unfortunate woman when she left home.
They ordered the remains shipped to Va
llejo for interment.
Mrs. Leary was an aged and highly re
spected resident of Vallejo. She was 76
years old. Infirm and near-sighted On
December 3 of last year she took the fer
ryboat at the foot of Market street on lier
journey to her home in Vallejo. and when
she stepped upon the boat all trace' of her
was lost. She had been spending a f^w
days at the home of her daughter, airs.
Henry J. Wolters. at CIO Elizabeth street.
Her flaughter and her sister, Mrs. Har
rington, accompanied her to the fciry.
They were there with her when she pur
chased her ticket for Vallejo. and they
saw that Bhe safely left the waiting-room
and went on board the boat.
When Mrs. Leary disappeared she wore
a dark gown and bonnet and gray shawl.
These" articles were found on the body
and positively Identified as beloncing -to
the missing woman.
STEAMER ALGOA
RUNS AGROUND
Brought Off by Tugs at
'-Honolulu. :
Epeclal Correspondence of The Call."
HONOLULU, Dec. 26 ; — The big steamer
Algoa was hauled 6ft the reef at 2 o'clock
on Saturday by the tug"EleU. At 8 o'clock
she entered the harbor. The Algoa: is Vhe
largest vessel that ever came "to Jlonolulu.
Much difficulty waa experlihced;in get
tin;? hc-r to an anchorage, as there was no :
spare room in the harbor for her. to- turn
around in. With li^r stern near the. light
house, her bow was close to the ships at
JJkeiike wharf. ..: ...
The: Alcoa had a narrow escape. at the
entrance to the" harbor, lies enormous
weight would have made it impossible to
get her off had she once got solidly
aground. As it was, she was un the bot
tom for about four hours. Xo damtige is
thought to have been done. . • '.' '. •'¦'.
Captain Hitnsford did not want any pi-:
lot, ho said, last night,'- when the pilot boat
went alongside. Captain McCaufey of the
pilot boat taw the position of .the ocean
monster as she swung around In the en
trance to the. channel. He came to the
conclusion that she. must be aground., and
made all possible haste to the scene. Oh
arriving at the vessel he was: told that he
was not wanted. . • ." . ' • •
"You're ashore, aren't you?", yelled the
pilot. " ¦ : ; \;:i \" -. ;
A voice from the 'Algoa answered:
"Don't know." . -j ;\V ¦--.; ¦.--..-.¦:-.¦ ¦.•.". -.- .:
After making some soundings and find-
Ing that the bow of the Algoa was on the
r>ef, the pilot boat returned. The Eleu
went out as soon as possible, and managed
to get the endangered vessel to a safe
place -of ai.chorage. The Iro<4uois also got
uj> sfam :ind went o;ut, but she did not
get there till after the Algoa was free.
The Algoa is a British steamer, built in
Sundrrland, England, in .IS9»>. -She .is one
of the largest freight carriers afloat. She
has on board about 13.000 tons of freight.
2240 btlng for this port. The Algoa's length
Is 473 feet and her width 5S feet. As she
veered around near the Victoria in the
harbor this morning it looked as' though
she could take the whole transport on her
d^ck for a lifeboat. The "Whole- vessel is
built of steel and iron, even the decks beY
ing solid steel. She carries a crew of sev
enty-nine and has the following iofllcers:
Captain K. G. Hanpford, First Officer A.
Lockett. Second Officer W. Brown, Third
Officer J. G. Vickerstaff, Purser A. S. Ed
wards, Chief Engineer A. H. Auld, Second
Engineer J. Cook, Third, Engineer J. Da
vis. Fourth Kngineer. UJ. Summers.
There will be some big- bills to pay as a
result of the Alcoa's trouble Qt last night.
The two tugs will have to be paW, and the
big Eteamshlp appears to have destroyed
the center buoy at the mouth of the chan
nel.
rapacity.'"' th> .b&n?vJ . Itself, -."prpßerly :Epeakln?;
begins', at the • sbiith braiicn ' of- . the 'Chicagi?
¦Bl\p.r ai-.Robey: str*et'and cpntinoes- sDuthward
a.«nn .entirely" artiftVial .cbariiiel runtU: {% r'e.a'ches
the'bbntrolling works ax Lo'ckpoT-C" a -distant
of.; f^enl-y.-elij.ht-.niHe:s, of. entirely; .artificial, cpn
-stri'ction;. "..:'.•"•..= •' '" -•'• -..•;¦•." ''" "•¦•. v *:/
. At/lx>ckport.-',thf ! channel'. wlilehs to aboufjoGO
fe'ettntij a windage basin,'- in ;whlc.hahe- large'
laKe Ivepstlß-can -tie" .easily -.turned and-maneji"- 1 .
ve-re<j.- Tiie-fal| -froni'the' mouth of the! Chicago
Klvej- t« the Lockpprt w'orks— acnd.be .it renjem
¦bereit: that .henceforth; tRe; Chlcaga Rlvf r • wfll"
flqw'---un,"str'ean>p as' ."commonly understood— is
.prijy.; sftvpn.-feet,. sq''thaX the .flow.jof: water : lh
•rai>ldlt.V"hnd .volume .through. the Chicago Kiver
to- tfcje. c.»nal is. -entirely ; cohtralled by the.-bear
trflp'tlam, and cohr-rolllng ¦v\:*>rks> sltuqtefl a.t tbe
Lock'port tefm|h.up,'. : the /ail .south -of- .tUe'cori
.trolling-': works boing abrupt an 4 "about : forty
= feet '.'in- the next four niH»s, |'lt is: by.meafts
.of, /these. "controirjng- works "that -the' water wjll
be'.turnpd down the valley" -fey.. the slnipje open-"
.Jng'of thelgreit" gat^js or' valves, arid tf ls".ali>o
;pj:.. niea.na-. of:- the '.eontrollinK/'work's that ,'tlie
waters .-.down- ."th'e valley- can', be- as: suddenly
turnifd Off .in case emorsencifes might 'demand.- •
'• Therefore the popplar be-ll.ef -that the waters
of. the .Canal|his\'ijVg been once' turned" <to.wn : the
valley the flow must, be- unceasing and beyond
human *<«itrdl In.e rroneous..fo r thfe ftow of.thls
great' voLujne of 590;0p6 cubic' feet.: -per' minute
can. t>e 'stopped- almost .iis -easiiy as- the sjmple
turnlngvot a faucet In' the sjiigot of a' barre.l.
Tlie.'.cohtrolllnE Vprka -have Involved the 1 coft-
Btructloh of sevfn sluice-gates of- metal, .with
the ,pecepsary bulkheads, and one bear-trap
dam! ' The sluice' gates have- a- vertical- flow, of
twenty feet" and. anoppning ot 'thirty-two feet.
The bear-trap <lam- has an opening of 160 feet
and -an- oscillation of 17 feet ver'ticalJy. -This
dam 1». rssentlally nro' 1 great metal leaves,
hinged .together, and working between masonry
¦biiljcbeada. The down-stream leaf Is securely
hinged to a very heavy foucdation. and 'the; up
stream leaf is so placed as to jiresent the bar
rier .'to the" water. This s-tructure is operated
"by ailm-lttlng water through properly construcl
•¦d Conduits, controlled by valves beneath the
•leave* Just described. To raise the crest of the
ilam water If admitted from the i:j>-stream side
.and.the discharge i»!iut off until the destrpd
height Is obtained, and ther. the valves are" ad
justed so that -th-> volume o! water beneath the
4**avcs ?*J2h*l b« conPtant. -To l<->ver the crest
tf)e waterhene.ath the leaves is drawn off until
the denirwj .height is reached, when the valves
are again arrance.d so as to" 'maintain a con
stant volume of water. ' . ¦ •
The first work in this great enterprise was
begun on, "Shovel Day," September 3, iS!i2, on
the- rock cut below- Leraont;. on "the line be
twepn Cook and \Vill counties, »o that a lit
tle .over. B>;ven years have been consumed In
the entire work .Involving an -outlay .of about
$33,-00ft.WQ. Over 80 per <">ent of the- entire work
w-as;done during the So-cjillfd -panic period,
and-, o-wing to this fact, .'the entire cost of con
struct !-5n "wa« reduced about $S.ooO,o<X>. Indeed,
the IBoaru of Trustees- -and its engineers . are
unanimous ¦in the belief- that, the- work' could
novnow l>e dupilcate<l under existing prices for
both labor" and material for less than J40. 000,000.
¦ i,*p to . ttie . pr*r«?ht tlni'p and,- indeed, for the
]>ast fifteen . - ye^lrs." the entire sewage of- the
t-lty.of Chicago;. which etTipties. Into- the Chicago
Flivcr, has.', as a. matter' of fact, been flowing
down 1 the De«plai-ne.s \'a.!ley .and into the It|i
nol«" and Mississippi rivers. That the citizens
.of the Mississippi Valley .are /ignorant of. this
fact— as 89 per. Cent 'of- theni certainly !are —
makes •¦ it "none -the- less" a fact:' and further
•more, all this time the >ewage has. tjeen in a
highly /affenpive/candlticiri, for •It has passed
¦down the Illinois .an'} iMlchlgan" canal,, into
whtth it was' -aurhpJHl b>r the Urldgeport puitip
iJUf.-works from' the south, fork of the s.uith
bratich' -in a " vplume. of only about 40,000 cubic
ifeet- per." minute.. . It Is this same '.(low. of actual
sewage; . therefore,- ,ah4 ng more- and no- less,
.that- Is' to pass' down- .the- Illinois Valley, but
diluted- by a tfe.fn^'ndoiis flow of- water 'from
Iviake Michigan." Increasing- the total volume lo
300', 000 ; cubic' feet per "minute, or nearly eight
times the past flow,' and; by- the rapid process
¦of -exudation that takes place In surging- and
flowing... water. .this- sewage will .be rendered
Innocuous" and harinle'ss even before the city^pf
Jollet is reached, if the cohtontfon ;of the. most
emirte.rrt. chemists and bacteriologists is correct.
'Latf-.r pn, s.riy; 1n Etxcr seven months, when
'the- System of -Intercepting" •?>«¦«¦• now in pro
cess of construction by the" city of Chicago
Is" completed, an approximate' of 4200. cubic -feet
per "minute- of *£vrage. „ which 'ls now flowing
Into" Lake' Michigan, will -be -divertejl .into the
Chlpago ftlver arid the" canal 'so a.«r to increase
•by. the addition, of. 6000 feet per minnte of
t>ewai?<vthe amotirit now golhg down the Illi
nois River. .Consequently, it is -said," it will
be -several months.' affe.r the opening of the
•cati^l |>efor.e any one .can. complain of rjpcplv
lng,a Blr'gTe ounce of Chicago «ewage- additional
to that which h&s for- years. been Mowing down
¦the' valley; and, ireduced to a plain. 'statement
of facts, acronVing to one of the trustees, the
only complaint ' .which" the valley, towns can
now make against.' the opening -of the canal
Ik that It. will immediately -benefit their -pres
¦ent'-conditions by- a -water dilution of seven- and
one-half times the: volume of.- sewage now di
verted-down 'the,: Valley. ... ' •• .'. ¦
The canal has been constructed In' strict con
formity .-with the requirements of the law-uri
d-er .which the .sanitary district of Chicago was
organized, and it la of sufficient size and capa
citv'to produce -and maintain at- -all times a
continuous flow, of. "at loa'st -300.000 cubic feet -of
water per mlnutsv with a- current .not exceed
ing one mile- per "hour. The flow of water is of
the minimum- depth of 22 feet in the earth sec
tions of the canal and the "same "de.pth through
out the rock sections. The ; rock sections, are
constructed of a: width of'lGO fee't:at the bottom.
"AIT at the rock- sections' aud five of the earth
section* have nowa. capacity for a flmv of 600,-
OOOvublO feet of " water per minute, "so that when
the population of the city of Chicago increases
lo 3,000,'C00 people these sections will still be ad
equate-for all 'demands; "^consequently the only
'work -then remalnlnc to be done to fulfill the
-requirements of. law and the necessit;** of ihe
incr*asl»ig population will be the mere work of
s-hovcling and dredging .to. deepen and wlde-n
eight -miles of "the -.earth sections ta conform
with the rock sections. ."¦ ; ; .
¦ The-plan'ot;the Chicago Canal .can.harrlly be
said to be with'anyone man. It-has been a
growth;" a development, and many men can
Justly lay claim to having played a .prominent
part In this great public work. • The Hering
commission, under Mayor -Harrison the first,
made definite recommendations for the disposal
jet Chicago's sewage by tnls inotliO'l. . Liter
a Joint commission". was appointed by the Gen
eral Assembly of Illinois, to 'sit between- ses
sion's and formulate a bill for discussion by the
Thirty-first General Assembly. This cnnimls-,
Eton in. January. ISS9, pre^ohiod to the Gent-rat*
Assembly at Springfield a bill drawn under its
direction and siicgestion by John P. Wilson of
Chicago, which became the. groundwork for the
present sanitary district act. The valley ptople
offered amendment after. amendment: the bill
wna considered in standing committees, in joint
committee, in committees of the whole and in
•Ereat detail in the two houses of the General
•Assembly of that year, and was finally enacted
Into a law- full of compromises and concessions,
the. sanitary district. CubjeiiT-iriUy, while the
requirements of law." by an affirmative vote of
the people" of the district in November, IS9O. and
it comprises, within its area IS2 square miles.
The popular impression that In its area it" is
practically coextensive with th,e limits of the
city of Chicago is entirely erroneous. As a.
matter of fact, the sanitary district comprises
forty-four square miles In Cicero and Lyons,
•which -are not within the city of Chlcaco, and
the city of Chicago, on the other hand, com
prises fifty square miles in Hyde Park, Lake,
Kvanston and Jefferson, which are not within
rhe sanitary district. Consequently, while the
City of Chicago contains 188 square mlies and
the sanitary district IS2 square miles, there is
trally within the combined irea of the two 94
square miles In which there is no. community of
interest as .affecting. the two muhlclrialitiei!.
Every one now freely admits that the entire
city of Chicago should have been made a part
of the sanitary district at the beginning:, but
this was not done and cannot be done without
additional legislation by the General Assembly.
GENERAL VIEW OF THE CANAL NEAR ROMEO
This Picture was taken twelve miles out from Chicago (at point ,arked on small map by a cross), and show the
rock cHann«lrock channel by which the carial eaters the Desplaines Valley
age himself. Cornish never flinched, but
acknowledged bavtng been In that vicin
ity on the afternoon of the day before ha
received the fatal package.
Weeks next succeeded in making tha
witness acknowledge discrepancies con
cerning the time of the receipts of tha
bromo seltzer; also errors In his state
ments to the newspapers as to the manner
.in- which: he was dressed at the Adams
apartments on the morning of the mur
der.- . :.:'¦ . .
Weeks succeeded In getting the witness
to acknowledge that in I<OT he wore a
white Elaine- hat with a black band. but :
he denied having worn a hat of this char
acter during ISSB. These questions were
regarded significant chiefly because of the
fact that a person wearing a hat of this
description is known to have rented pri
vate letter boxes and received letters
which have figured in this case.
. After the attorneys for the prosecution
and the defense. Recorder Goff and th©
jurors had questioned Cornish. Harry A.
Kingr. a broker on the Consolidated Ex
rhap^e. was called to the stand. Kin?
testified that Cornish had shown him the
Christmas present which he thought had
been sent by a friend: that he went to
the water cooler. Intending to take a dose>
of the bromo seltzer: that he found no
water in th« cooler and gave up the at
tempt. He identified, the poison bottla
and the bottle holder as those that he
had seen at that time.
The next witness was Patrick J. Ftnner.
the. assistant of Cornish at the Knick
erbocker Athletic Club. He suggested to
Cornish, he said, that It would be well to
save the wrapper from the wastebasket,
where Cornish had thrown It. for the pur
pose of finding, if possible, some clew to
the identity of the sender.
The day's proceedings concluded with
medical testimony which the prosecution
has heretofore kept In the background.
Coroner's Physician Albert T. Weston.
who performed the autopsy upon tha
bj-Iy o* Mrs. \iopis. was ihc first tncii
co! witness of :h« dnjr. Jfe tckl »n d.
tall th<; story of the postmortem. Weeks
then cross-examined the witness at groat
lengrth. He elicited the fact that Dr.
We.st.ori had not made a microscopic ex
amination of any part of the body of
Mrs. Adams, though the physician him
self acknowledged the Importance of this.
Court then adjourned until to-morrow.
£3 * v\* * j&^' a w^r 4^ *^f • ' /I 'Ih& ivH89HB^Ssfi90^^^V > * H!
v- «^^^ j* f& v^fl^^*^ K&SjfuttS .' WiA 1*1
\ ¦¦.'"-- " tlj» - . «l j^ - EHH^fipt I •
Many times a mere announcement of our sale is sufficient to interest people to
the extent of buying. ¦ '. . ;
They know that our values are values, that our prices are right,- and above all .
that everything purchased of us is guaranteed — your money's worth or your money ¦¦
returned. . . . ; V
.: Our double-breasted blue serges are popular, well-made, satisfactory in every.,
way — particularly in price. •
It will pay every mother to visit our children's clothing department — prior to- stock-taking we •' •
have reduced almost everything — the store abounds in values. ¦ • ••¦.'¦..
• Out-of-town orders filled; write us for illustrated catalogue Mo. 2. ..
— — r — : — — —
3Time— H. :25; H. :60; %, 1:1" H. Good start. TVon cleverly. Second and third ' driving
Winner. E. Corrißan's br. h.. by Jiles Johnson-Vixen. . mu *
VagF.il laughed in. Isaline had a package of speed. Graad Sachem can do better. Wil
liam F will improve.
Bcratrhed— March Seven 89. Gold Finder 91. Melvin Burnham 109, Bchlller 112. Delecta 101
Pt. Isidore 106. . . % '
ggSfl B 8953 /5^ STOPPED FREE
|L 1 I HJ NERVE RESTORER
RiM _ , . *•<> P'U *ft«r first dar'a «m.
Kj™ 9£ TKfAI. lIOTTLK FREE
Wa 111* P" 1 * 0 " who P»» vpmwp on> »n atiiV^r.
sjt»'.it:iTT.F.i:i»M»ti..n. I>K. It. II KLl»p ij
™ 931 Arch Street, Philadelphia. fqmJS mil
GROFF THE WINNER.
Will Be Appointed Postmaster at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2. -In the scramble
f.>r the Los AngrJc^ postmastershlp a
crisis has boon reached. The contestants
In the paFt few days have narrowed to
Councilman Charles 11. Toll and Judge
I>wls A. GrofT. B
Congressman Waters on Friday last In
formal tho boomers of candidates that
Xi» tnore indorsements wrre noo<le<i. This
f<.rcY-<l the belief that President Mckinley
had concluded who should be appointed
Jl transpired to-day that Judge GrofT will
he named /^rofT was on the Supreme
bench of Nebraska under Harrison's ad
ministration .and was < '<>mmtes!onr-r of th<»
Tnitrrl States Land Office. This influent
landed th» prize for Oroff.
GOOD GOERL.
The San Rafael Brewer Paid the Gov
ernment a Snug Stun in Com
promise.
On motion of United States . Attorney
Coombs, Judge de Haven yesterday or
dered a nolle prosequl of the criminal in
formation filed against John Pachner,
driver for Fritz Goerl, a brewer of San
Rafael, charged with reusing revenue
beer stamps and thereby defrauding the
Government.
Goerl's brewery at San Rafael was at
tached last September by the revenue offi
cials, they having discovered that Goerl
and Pachner had been defrauding the rev
enues by reusing beer stamps. Mr.
Coombs stated yesterday that Mr. Goerl
had compromised with the Government by
paying $1000, the specific penalty, and 51309
tax evaded, making a total of $2300. to
which sum costs are added.
Poultrymen Gratified.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— The Oakland Poul
try Association held its annual meeting
this evening to close the successful affairs
of the last poultry show and elect officers
for the coming year. It was decided that
the next show should be on the sth,* 6th,
7th and Sth of next December and that
some prominent Eastern Judpe should be
secured to work In connection with tho
local Judges. The officers elected were:
President, F. E. Mason; vice president,
F. A. Rowsell; secretary, C. G. Hinds;
treasurergL,. N. Cobbled{ck; directors— T.
B. Key and O. P. Hayes.
FREAKS OF THE WIND.
Trouble at Alameda Mole and Dam -
age in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— A broken apron at
the Alameda mole caused traffic to be
suspended to-day on the narrow-gauge
system of the Southern Pacific Company.
For several hours all travel was by the
broad-g-auge line.. . • .
The trouble was the result of a collision
between the ferry steamer Encinal and
the pier. As the boat was trying to make
a landing in the high wind and rain it
crashed Jnto the pier and tore away the
apron. Several other attempts were then
made to effect a landing, but they were
all unsuccessful and it was found neces
sary to go back to San Francisco, where
the p?.Fsengers were transferred to the
Berkeley.
Six people who were on the Encinal
jumped for the shore after the apron had
been torn away. Others, however, were
detained by the boat's officers. The acci
dent caused a great deal of excitement
among the passengers and there was a
small panic among them.
The rough weather caused a number of
accidents on both water and land. The
THE SAN- FRAXCISCO OALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.
|7 ESTER ¦ REIFF, the Jockey,. ' " _^^
j " fresh from triumphs In the. .
II ' * saddle on- the classic .race : ¦
courses of England, arrived In . '^r . >y
this city yesterday. •He is registered • / ./f^SSST*^ \
at the St. Nicholas Hotel and will re- . / iEHtarf'SE^F^S. \
main here some time. H-e may havf a I /dW^ySj^NsSKi^ \
mount in some <<f the big races to bt> / Kvws?)iii^ES*?ii§^ \
decided on the California- tracks. With / . HKKSK^^^^wW \
Tod Sloarl, Henry. Martin and his / K§!§§a»*^- r^ \
diminutive brother, Johnny. Keiff, they- / r*4sf-^C< -~ tS^\ \
have cut a win.' swath on thf- for«isn I (j\'rJ//'''"32?^- \
track?/ wj lining a large" proportion of- . I • V^lf/Wfts W*. || * |
the Important races. They have revo- I . \M,i/^ Lg&'j I
lutionized the methods 'of race-riding 1 - T|ft Y/'y\, -^\- t I 1
across the water. Commenting on this I Jx!i^yyy%^ > / I
"The English Jockeys have changed 1 >^iS^k *aT\. /
their tactics a pr«nit deal since I was I yyJtf^Si I WawlJ m>v /
over there a few j-ears ago. They \^MWgAsßi< Is^^mmW^H^ I
have .'ill. mere or less, shortened their. m^mbßSK \ /^X/gMajjjgil^^^y
gtirrup leathers and ride closer to a toSSSSWSkW Brak. AxfflfflSimuriiP*
horse than formerly. • They now \M&W!/ ! M&j^^^W/
crouch in the American stylo over
their horses' withers. They are more
alert at the post, too One can't blip ¦
away from them at the start and get
a running lead any more. They are .
up to that game now. Heretofore ¦ . ' "^^
they would pull their horse up and be- LESTER REIFF
gin to wait with him almost Immediately the flag fell. Now they are just
as quick and alert to take an advantage as the 'Yanks.' It is a pleasure
to ride among them. They are all artists and know how to ride. They
can keep a horse straight, and there is little or no rough riding Indulged In
As a class they are superior to the Jockeys in this country at present but I
t*>lieve six years ago America had the finest collection of jockeys In any
land" •
The figures comparing the doings of the four English jockeys who head
the list with the four American jockeys named are interesting. Sam Loates
has a big !ea.l in the actual number of races won, but his average is far be
hind that of Sloan. The averages made by all the Americans were remark
able: HElifK
nl l PIT 1 1 n r £ ue!> and * ii . R«ctaj
Illlr I Xl" F^ T - No detention
iwriunLssi^s
• *«t .t. San' B^^"
•Counled »vrlth Tlmemaker. ~ ~~
iri7" n *7.\i :2 *> : w H; :E2 ' 4: %'% ' 1:15 li: mlle - 1:<fl *« GoO(S Btart; w °n first three drlvtmr
Winner,- C Llnd's br. g.. by imp. Pirate of I'en*anee-MiBB Thomas. anvinsr.
catnfft m «r ,h <J ' iei !. 0Ut * ld^, of Marcat °- Spencer got Zoroaster In a deal of trouble, being
cut ofT two or three time*. Flaxnora had a rough voyage. Los Medanos can do better
Scratched— Dr. Nembula 99. The Fretter 83, Geyser 106, Tappan 106 °e«er.
Colonel Irish Rewards Employes.
Colonel John P. Irish, Naval Officer. In
accordance with his usual custom on New
Year's day. presented each one of the
clerks in his department with a twelve
pound turkey as an evidence of' hla ap
preciation of faithful performance of duty
567. SIXTH RACE— One mile: three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Unlessiyou have used Pears*
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap. "
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection..
Hospital Fence Blown Down.
Yesterday morning's sou'easter blew
down about 100 feet of the old rotten
fence winch incloses the City and County
Hospital on the line of Potrero avenue.
This with the stripping off of some of the
roof of the outside buildings, was the ex
tent of the damage done to the city's
property about the antiquated structure.
Time— H. :1S; «O:3 S U: %. l:0U4: %. 1:35»i. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. \V. A. Btotesbury's br. f., by Imp- Topgallant-Welcome.
Everything- ¦ considered White Fern earned the purpe. Don't overlook Sardonic next
time with weight off. Xl Estro an erratic customer. Olen Ann apparently does not like
mud. Neither does Rosalbra.
Pcratfhed— First Call 114, Toriblo 111. Jingle Jingle 100, High Ho 109, Greyhurst 111, Lena
103. Terrene 106. .
Last night Court Junior Pride of Pa
cific, Foresters of America, had the. fol
lowing officers installed by Deputy
Thomas Goodwin: J. Kail ma nn. chief
ranger; A. S. Samuels, sub-chief ranger;
I. Levy, treasurer: I. O. Kasser, financial
secretary; Hall Frahm, recording secre
tary; S. Goldstein, senior archer; E. Ghis
selll, junior archer; Virgil Newby, senior
beadle; A. Mleheal, junior beadle; Dr. A.
Nusbaum, physician.
Court Yerba Buena, Independent For
esters, had its officers Installed by Depu
ties W. I. Avery, H. M. Beck and C. W.
Page. These are: F. Miller, chief ranger;
W. E. Graham, orator; O. Volkmann.
senior woodward; D. Fritz, Junior wood
ward; H. K. Hoffman, senior beadle. W
McNally, junior beadle; T. Weeks and J."
Nevlns, trustees.
Past Consul Commander M. T. Moses
and Neighbor Shaw Installed the follow
ing officers: J. A. Whitehead, D. O. 8.;,
§ast. consul commander; Frederick B.
wan, consul commander; M. J. Blalsdell
adviser lieutenant; Thomas. Roche, bank
er; A. J. Phillips, clerk: G. Broset. escort-
G. Fairn, sentry; J. J. Galvin. watchman
The following officers of Pioneeer Lodge
Friends of the Forest, were Installed by
Supreme President Mrs. Raymond as
sisted by all the supreme presidents-
Annie Home, past president; Lizzie Rose
wear, president; M. C. Slmond, vice presi
dent; Elizabeth Mary McLane. financial
secretary; Lora Wentzel, recording secre
tary; Annie Kruse. treasurer; Mrs M C
Flick, marshal; Minnie Ford, warden-
Mrs. J. B-. Staples, guard: Mary Collins!
sentry: Lora Stetson, organist.
California Council of the National Union
had the following officers Installed by
Past President Norman R. Arter of Gold
en Gate Council; 11. A. Graves, ox-presi
dent: A. J. Sparrow, president; Frank B.
Gibson, vice president; Thomas S. Malloy,
speaker; L. Vincent, chaplain: J. R. Mc-
Gufflck, usher; L. Schumacher, financial
secretary; C. J. King, recording secretary
F. Warren, sentry; Louis Banz, book
keeper; \\. A. S. Mcholson, E. C. Boysen
and P. Doane. trustees.
COURT NOTES.
E. C. Wilson and Martin Lyman, ar
rested early Monday morning for burglary
In breaking Into M. Mosford's hardware
store, Twenty-fourth street, were held
yesterday to answer by Judge Treadwell
before the Superior Court in J2OOO bonds
each.
E. P. Buckley, -who stabbed William
Neyberg, saloon-keeper, 158 Steuart street,
with a knife, was yesterday held to an
pwer before the Superior Court by Judge
Treadwell on a charge of assault to mur
der in $1000 bonds.
The Jury impaneled to pass judgment
on Wong Gee Toy, on trial for the second
time before Judge Lawlor for the murder
of Wong Kirn Chee in the Jackson-street
theater on the night of August 7, 1898, -rva*
taken to the theater yesterday to view
the scene of the crime. On the return the
taking of testimony again began. The
case will probably close to-day.
Miss Hilda Steiner, aged 16 years, was
permitted by Judge Murasky yesterday to
draw $500 from the Union Trust Company,
trustee of her estate, that she might pur
chase a bridal trousseau. A. G. Magu.rc,
who represented the young, lady, said that
It was necessary that she have the funds
for the purpose named, as her wedding
day was not far distant, whereupon the
court made the necessary order.
Robert W. Taylor has been granted a di
vorce from Annie E. Taylor on the ground
of desertion.
J. F. CALDWELL-Starter.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding: Judge.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
' (Copyright, 1500,
by n. H. EeberO
TANTORAN PARK, Tuesday, January 2, 1900.— Twenty-seventh
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
rainy. Track sloppy.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental ar.d
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to ail who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts' cao now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. '323. Elektroh
building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching . that
great class of men who are unable to.
leave borne to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample
carefuly sealed In a plain package. .so
that Us recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ara
requested to write without delay.
Main Suit Dismissed.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 2.— The domestic trou
bles of H. H. Main, the well-known news
paper man, and his wife, Susan A. Main,
have been patched up, and to-day her at
torneys dismissed the suit she recently
brought for divorce. The complaint was
that of infidelity, and several co-respond
ents were named and some sensational de
velopments were looked for. It is now
claimed that a mistake was made. The
Mains are very prominent. Mr. Main was
for many years publisher of the Evchliik
Herald.
AL NEILL, the best of the Pacific Coast middle-weight boxers, will put
his fortunes to the test on Friday night. His opponent will be Jack
O'Brien of Philadelphia. The men are to meet in the arena of the
National Athletic Club at Woodward's Pavilion. There has been no
betting of any consequence up to the present time. What money has been
placed has been at 10 to 9, with O'Brien favorite.
MaSiy shrewd bettors are of the opinion that Nelll will be Installed favor
ite before the men enter the ring. Neill's reputation rests upon his two de
feats of George Green, these engagements overshadowing the others In which
he has been a principal. O'Brien has a long list of winning bouts to his
credit. His most recent was the defeat of Tommy Tracey. the Australian,
in Chicago. He Is credited with knocking the shifty Tommy off his feet as
easily as a skillful bowler knocks down pins in an alley.
The principals, or their representatives, will meet to-day to decide the all
important question as to who will be the third man In the ring. The illus
trations are from photographs by Bushnell, showing the boxers In favorite
poses. •
DOROTHY DREW
AND SOME OTHERS
ROYAL ARCH MASONS
INSTALLED OFFICERS
THE bill at the Orpheum Is pretty
much all new. I was about to say
also that It was pretty much all
good; but In point of fact the good
and the bad is about equally divided. It
is a fact, I think, that one really good act
will compensate one for several Indiffer
ent ones, and as there are a number of
Interesting turns on the Orpheum pro
gramme, one Is repaid for braving the
ralrj to sit It through. It is only when
the trash predominates that one is war
ranted in pronouncing the show bad, and
that is a state of affair that seldom If
ever exists at, the O'Farrell street house.
If occasionally we see there a thoroughly
poor specialty it is, I think, ascribable to
the fact that the management has to take
something on faith. Their attractions fall
below their expectations occasionally, but
one thing is certain, the bad ones never
come back.
Douglass and Ford would be more suit
ed to a temple of amusement where ad
mission Is free, but there are elements of
amusement in all the other contributori,
even those that I would list as mediocre
or Indifferent. John J. Thorn has a humor
ous streak in him which asserts Itself In
what at first promised to be a very dull
sketch. He is accompanied by Grace
Carlton, who, however, Is quite super
fluous, except that she supplies him with
something to talk at.
"Billy" Rice and H. W. Frillman, both
of whom are favorites here, appear In a
sketch of the old-time minstel order with
no pretentions to be otherwise. It Is in
teresting as an example of the evolution
of humor. If Rice were not such a good
type of the old school the thing would be
very flat, which It Is not, thanks to him.
The Rozinos are acrobats, of ability.
Their act. is purely burlesque, but novel
and not lacking in laughing matter.
There Is a decided attractiveness about
the person of Dorothy Drew, who sings
herself Into favor with the greatest pos
sible ease. Her singing of "I'll Leave My
Happy Home For You," which she ad
dresses most enticingly, to the leader of
the orchestra, is worthy of the hit that
It makes, and then when she has the
house with her, she springs a surprise In
all her demure long-skirtedness and
dances with grace and abandon. La
Sylphe dances, too, as only La Sylphe can
dance and Fougere Is as dazzling as ever.
>=«v PORTER GARNETT.
WILL BTTLE CALIFORNIA CHAP
TER THIS YEAR.
Presentation of a Silver Service to
John Tonningsen, the Retiring
High Priest.
The heavy downpour last night did not
keep away from the Masonic Temple 250
Masons who were anxious to see the In
stallation of the officers of California
Chapter No. 5, Royal Arch Masons, and
afterward join in the sumptuous banquet
that was served. . The new officers who
were Installed by Past High Priest John
Tonningsen, assisted by Charles W.
Decker, P. H. P., as master of ceremonies,
were: Harry Baehr, most eminent high
priest; Robert N. Carson, em'nent king;
John Bennett, eminent scribe; Franklin
H. Day, past grand high priest, secretary;
William J. Smith, treasurer; G. Knight
White, captain of the host; Henry As
croft, past high priest, principal sojourner;
Eldrldge M. Moores, royal arch captain;
M. Joseph Savage, master of third vail;
William Callinan, master of second vail;
Roland K. Hartley, master of first vail;
Samuel D. Mayer, organist; George W.
Perkins, guard.
Under direction of Samuel D. Mayer, the
California Chapter choir, composed of
Clarence T. Wendell. J. R. Jones, W. C.
Campbell. Robert W. Smith, A. A- Batkin,
D. M . Laurance, Louis A. Larsen and K.
G. Mcßain, rendered musical selections
appropriate to the occasion. Then followed
the banquet, which was the best that gas
tronomic art could prepare, and the pre
sentation of a silver service to John Ton
ningsen by Grand Master C. L. Patton. P.
H. P., on behalf of the chapter; the pre
sentation of a pair of diamond-set cuff
buttons to Secretary Franklin H. Day and
a like token to Henry Ascroft. P. H. P.
Harry. Baehr acted as toast master and
called upon the following named for ad
dresses: John Tonningsen, Grand Master
Patton, Rev. W. E. Smith. Colonel Thom
as M. Cluff, George Brook, Thomas Mor
ton, R. P. Hurlburt, William Jost, Robert
Moore and George Armstrong. During
the repast the choir rendered a number of
popular selections.
» ? ¦
FRATERNAL INSTALLATIONS.
Several Secret Societies Induct N>w
Officers for. the Current Term.
SWALLOWED STRYCHNINE.
Peter Dolma, an Italian. .48 years of age,
committed suicide. In a lodging-house at
411 Pacific street yesterday morning by
taking strychnine. Dolma. 'came' .to "San
Francisco from Angels . Camp about ten
days ago, and it was- his Intention to go
to Amador yesterday. On Monday nlsnt
he rented a room in the house on Padrlo
street and requested that he be not. called
early. • ¦ ¦
Dolma failed to respond to several calls
during yesterday, and when the door of
his room was forced open last evening he
was found on the b*d dead. Beside him
was a bottle of strychnine and another
the contents of which had been used. II .»
body was taken to the Morgue by Depu
ties Lacombe and Sullivan. No cause -la
ascribed for hia act. ¦
steamer Garden City, which runs on the
creek route, tried to cross the bay as
usual, but had to put back before It had
pone beyond the estuary. The Davle
steamer Emma, however, made the trip
In safety. On the Alameda mole a section
of railroad track was washed away by the
waves, but It was immediately repaired.
In Oakland there were numerous acci
dents and several treos and awnings were
blown down. At Fourteenth street and
Broadway a tin roof, 20x35 feet In dimen
sions, was lifted off the building just east
of the Macdonough Theater and lodged on
an electric wire. The street was crowded
with people at the time, but luckily no one
was injured.
There was many an absentee from the
ranks of the "rt£rulars." rollcall time,
at Taxif orur; j-tsterday. The howling,
fehriekißg gale furnl&hed sad music for
the losers, and the fleeting eheeta of rain
du!]< d ail appetite for sport. It was not
surprising, the, lha.t the attendance was
. sma.il, with scarcely anything doing In
the ring. WaJlenstela and Antoinette
. •u-crc the only choices to wallow through
the mud in advance of their fields.
The card was devoid of any pretensions
to claes, with the exception of the rtnal
mile j'>.:rse run, which number furnished
a teii^itional three-head finish, between
Malay, Marcato and Zoroaster. Malay, In
the center, caught up with Maxcato lesa
than a furlong from the stand, and re
p;io:.<Sir.g to Vittito«'s call .with much
gamentiss earned the verdict. Spencer
Zoroaster, the favorite, succeeded
jn eettir.g cut off on two or three separate
occasions, closing on the outside like, a
whirlwind— but too late. Timemaker at
one time seemed among the eligibles, but
Jound the Uiitance too far.
Corrtg&a's; black gelding Wallenstein
captured the opeiiing- ecramble from Ra
cbel C in a hard drive. The winner was
* "to 5 favorite, and coming- from behind
won by a head. Turn Grtftln'S Fiorinel II
was a strong tip In the ring, but after
showing out in front until -well. into the
Etretch tin-d under OoOleri finishing third.
With Mocorlto and Silver Tone : both
KCnOcfaed from the six furlong dash which
Ccdlowed. liio Chico was. sent into the
t-ta:t. r's hands a slight favorite over
-.laud Ferguson. Both the favorite and
uaciran were left standing, at the post.
J< r.kinn actride Maud Ferguson beat the
Kate, only io be led out at the wire a neck
by <Jood Hope, superbly riden by fcddie
liot-t. Jennie Iteid took the show. ¦
Bardonlc. with Spencer on her back, was
the r. liliot fine for the levsa furlong run,
her pflflj falling from threes to 3 to 2.
i-ailingi -ailing out of it at the start the- mare
vva^ never a contender. White' Fern; a 6
to 1 < l:an<-»-, made all the running-, bcatii.g
out Mooda without much effort! T. \VaJsh
lamlr<i u'fonnof in third pla^e
lia.ked from 3 to 1 to r j to 5 favoritism,
Amoifletia, from the Van Ness stable,
turned- up an easy winner of the five and
n hair' furlong sprint, fourth on .-the c-xrd.
Ala.nda.aius,. hard ridden by . Jones, led
Tizona out for place honors. ¦ •
Strajige it looked indeed to see' Vassal
the resurrected stake winner, started in
a cheap sr.iling race, entered to be sold
lor J. ,'«. i. Ftill.the one' time sensational
performer was a starter In the fifth event
and at odds of 3 to 1 headed IsaJine and
Nora Ivem over the line, with plenty up
Jus Bleeye. Isaline. a4O to 1 shot, created
quite a favorable impression.
After the win of Good Hope, Bookmaker
and owner Caesar Young was notified by
trie stand that a former effort of the filly's
at Tanforan would b© Investigated. On
casfon referred to, starting favorite,
Bhe linii-hcl last with Phelan on her back
VaBPaJ pulled vi> in fairly good shape,
and :i )i>- trains on. will be beating stake
borses lM.f<T.- ifin^.
With Silver Tone and Mocortto out of
th^- way. t!,. Becond race looked a good
tiling Mssibly for Rio Chico. The smart
ones ail climbed aboard, but with one
ewell snipe of the barrk-r Mr. Caldwell
<i:s.-ii.u^<ii Their fondest hopes of cashirfg-
ASillk- Sink**- spell of ill-luck still pursued
him. f.ir Chlco was left at the post.
Baxdonic did not make such a bad
phowin^ and in ax,y. purt of fair com
ji.my should be a 1 to 2 chance next time
out. •
Firrt rsriv- Five furlongs; maiden three-year
old«; filing.
r «h Ooldfinder 109 1 JTB M!« Vera 107
*4>- Firfli^ht II ....1091 473 March 5even. ...107
¦ Tun Sharkey.. ..:<*: ... Foul Play 107
T JZ Jfc.na 107 ! ... Ttkla n;
ESS Caesar Toung...ll2j «0» Fllle dOr 107
?tifi St. Agnes 1071
Peennd race— Six furious*; three-year-oldg ;
f.'l Chqtean 1061 ':.: Firrt Shot IDS
VI The Lafly . ....... 102 U442)5t. Casimlr ....111
661 fiuneUo ICC f ; 37 Gli»sando XO6
*. : ' ¦ — ;; — •_ ¦
Third ra<-»— One mile; .-•.::.-..•: three-year-olds
And upward.
Ml Whitc-omb 1W,.49J First Call 112
Molr.verar>- II — 109; 467 Magnu m
K3 ltacivar, IK ... Facade 1&4
Fourth race— Five furlongs; all age*; selling.
Wl Ben Ledl .......ill! ...; Pea Lion ll«
/"<f°!sEaraa 113! 431 Spry Lark U5
(17S)Sertin«; -t' -Ml Rio Chlco ill
... Lulu .\y.-v......-.iu| .... Mcmenuini 120
Fifth race — One mlleand a half; three-year
olds end upward; -wiling. "'
<r.;3)Dr.ntrnayB.....io?; 5-;3 Faunette 1M
i 57 Chiraun. .. , 10J 111 Fortls ...102
U. 7 Etuu«art 104
¦ — — ¦- '
Blxth rac*— Ose mile; Jour-year-old* and up
ward. . ¦ • ¦ '
tSBl>ogtown U4 E2oFormero 10»
¦r*l Venado. ....lit ... Baanockburn ...114
'U1 IXI Paso II 114 K6 Gay Eheeban.. 134
First race— March Seven, Gold Finder. Caesar
Tour*.
Second race— St. Casisilr, The Lady. Sunello.
Third race— Haclvan, Wallenstela. Whitcomb.
Fourth race — Sardine, Ben Ledl. Momentum.
Fifth rar*— r>r. Bernavs, Chlmura, Faunette.
6ixth race — Eannocktiurn, San Venado, Del
Followlnr ere the weight* for th» Baden
Etakes. a handicap at a mile and a sixteenth,
to be decided to-morrow:
*' ar ff { " 114 l Advance Guard. 103
David Tennr 1M | Topmast 11l
Tappan I'm King Carnival 107
I'otente no Zoroaster m
Credo *> iiaiFV F 102
Jmp»ri..us 107 Merry Hoy. .'.*'.'¦"."" S-2
M-baris 104 Btahap lteed m
I>r. IVrnajß- I<£ I Cromwell no
Anjou 102j«*asda!e vr
llannockburn 12« Lothian .".""lOi
>'«1* lOTiTirai- \ 9 h
Oywr 12) K.,sormond« 114
]...f. 0u!1,,;eo u!l ,,;e l.C;Vem.r<> ......".. in
¦Watlenpteln •. SO.Suneilo
F*rdonio J-S.-Morlnel '.'.'.'.".'" 106
Chimera ....: «.:, r.rand Sachem SK»
Ttmemak^r lit Formero io«
Mf-adf.wlhorp* ll r »;Malay ""112
Er»ln !'"> Ix>s M»»<1ano« 100
The annual Christmas dance- of ih's
California Cycling Club, held at Its club
rooms, Twenty-second and '. Fplspm
streets, on Thursday evening, was one
of the most enjoyable social functions
ever given under the- auspiteg .of the
club. The club-rooms were tastefully
decorated, and the members vied with
each other In the entertainment of their
guests. The gymnasium furnished a
splendid dancing surface, and- to accom
modate the overflow the parlors and bil
liard-room were also utilized. Altogether
the California's Christmastidc hop-w^aa'
one of the social events of the Mission
district and will long be remembered by
those wh<> attended. ¦K^asr.'.-- v- ¦ -
The Century Road Club of America has
appointed K. O. Kragness of Olympic Club
Wheelmen, state centurion for- Calif orrtla.
The annual lno-mile relay race, between
Stockton and Sacramentu clubs will prob
ably be perpetuated by the . offer of a
Stockton brewing concern to- donate a
$200 trophy. Other clubs from nearby cit
ies, like Woodland. Marysville and Chico.
will be invited to send It-arris to compete.
Captain Huttgenbaoh has called a run
of th«» California Cjreiln«-Club.tO the. Park,
for January 7. ; Some of the club's mem
bers are talking of making "a- New Year's
century around the bay, starting at znid
nisjht to-morrow night.. . V :
James • Marshall, • a well-known wheelr
man of .this city, who .werir to Chicago
with George Stratton two years, ago. l'«
In the city for a Christmas visit- and has
laid asiue hi 3 furs for a cycling costume
for the present. ' He expects to return in
about a fortnight. • ¦ ¦ .•• •*'¦¦.:
Arthur C. Thornton, .ex-captain .of the
Olympic Wheelmen, Is down frora Port
land for a visit. - . : ;
Wilbur F. Knapp, . the popular an
nouncer. Is again in the- city. He has bc*n
traveling the State in 'the.-Int'ereats of hla
firm and says the prospects for l3oo busi
ness are splendid. •' . ¦ ¦ ¦ - •-..
A. J. Hahn, local consul of the C; A. C.
C. at Branscomb. '.Miendoclno County, Is
In the city on a- visit. •"-.'¦• ; v;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— C. J. Hamlin has
bought from his trainer, E. F. Geers, the
black four-year-old pacing colt, Direct
Hal, for $10,000. This probably is the larg
est sum ever paid for a pacer without a
record The colt worked a mile in 2:17
last fall at Louisville, having been trained
only a few ¦weeks.
Geers bred and raised him. When he
went to California in 1594 with the horses
of v. J. Hamlin he took a*ong with him
his pacing mare, Bessie Hall, by Tom
Hall, the sire of the famous old pacer Hal
fointer, 2:04% that Geers had campaigned
a few years before. While in California
he bred hla mare to Hal Pointer's old
rival the black stallion Direct. 2:05%, and
she foaled in 1596 the colt now known as
Direct Hal.
TEWANDA. WELL BACKED.
Wise Ones Cut a Watermelon at the
New Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 2.— Elkln's repu
tation as a bad actor compelled the stew
ards to order him barred in the betting in
the lirst race to-day, and the fact that
the horse was left at the post fully sus
tained the wisdom of their action. The
horse's entry will be refused in the future.
The racing was none of the best and not a
favorite landed, though Tewanrta, which
won the flrst race, was backed from 20
down to 10. The weather was clear and
cool and the track heavy. Results:
Selling, mile— Tewanda won. Tuba Dam sec
ond. Judge Qulgley third. Time. 1:47%.
Selling, mile and a sixteenth— Sir Fitzhugh
won. Jode E leecond, Sadie Burnham third.
Time. 1:53%.
Selling, mile and one-eighth— Jimp won. Our
Nellie second, Klondike Queen third. Time,
2:00.
Handicap, bIx and a half furlongs— Strangest
won, Watercrest second, Durango third. Time,
1:14.
Seven furlongs — Flyinir Bess won, Naroni sec
ond. Silver Set third. Time, I:29i4.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS THE
WOULD-BE FERRY SUICIDE
The Girl May Have Been Ada Hol
den, Though Her Family Deny
the Allegation.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— A mystery has de
veloped as to the identity of the young
girl who jumped from the creek route
ferryboat yesterday. It is very 'evident
that the name Bertha Holland that she
gave to Al Rogers, who rescued her, was
not her true name. All efforts made to
day to locate her proved futile, until It
was reported to the Central Police Station
that the girl was Ada Holden, who lives
with her widowed mother on Twelfth
avenue, near -East Eleventh street. This
the family deny, but the police are of
the opinion that this Is the girl, never
theless.
One of the Holden girls tried to commit
suicide some time ago by taking carbolic
acid, and it is thought that there may be
a suicidal strain running In the family.
It is said by some who know the family
that the young girl suspected of being the
one who gave the name of Bertha Hol
land was seen going toward the creek
route boat yesterday afternoon, while
others who also know the fai.illy are
equully certain that they wore in, another
part oi Oakland.
Mrs. Holden and the elder sister deny
the story absolutely, and say: "It Is Im
possible that any one In this family could
have jumped from the ferry-boat yester
day. Ada was with her sister all day yes
terday, and at the time that she was sup
posed to be Jumping 1 from the boat she
was eating- dinner with her sister at a
downtown restaurant."
A young man named Rupert who lives
at Alameda Point to-night reported that
he saw the girl ,who was rescued from the
creek, and she was the Holden girl, whom
he knew.
Put Aside Their Wheels for
the Pleasures of the
Dance.
j £j£aat&P INJECTION. . ! [
|i A PERMANENT. CURE I
' ! h ?,f nost ob »?inate ca«os of Gonorrhea !'! '
; J «nd Gleet, en.irant.vd Jn from; 3 to 6 < '
5 °*JS ;no othfr treatment required. '• • « (-
5 Sold by all drri2slst9. , .',
I FOR 25 YEARS |j
I HAS BEEN RECOMMtNDED BY 3
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
I As the Best Natural Aperient Water. I
Z UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR 3
| Constipation and Stomach Disorders, j
I Get the Genuine! J
562. FIRST RACE -Five and a half furlongs: three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— 3-16. :19; 7-18. :44Vi: 5V4f. IM\. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
E. Corrlpan's blk. g., by Imp. Artillery-Ventura.
Wallenstein came from behind. Justly earning brackets. No excuses for Rachel C. Flort
nel "blew up." Prestome a disappointment. Giro showed no speed.
Scratched— Gllssando 110.
563. SECOND RACE -Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— H. :2-U: H. :M^: %. 1:164. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner Cae
ear Young's eh. f.. by Col. Clark-Gratitude.
A vigorous ride helped the winner. Maud beat the rate. Mike Rice has gone back.
Scratched— Silver Tone 106. Mocorlto 111. Facade 104. Magnus 107, Aluminum 107.
564. THIRD RACE -Seven furlongs: selling: four-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
visit OR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
.Of The Largest Anatomical Musenni t^the \
.-, jr_i _ *"o»ld. V. t.iinf,« or any contacted 4
KtW disease fwilllirlynired^ th-olJe»t f
fISS: i OR< 'MOAN-PRIVATE DISEASES *
FvRSiSJI _ t -" : '«" l! --»»<'li fr« »nd strictly priTi* \
I M>%£ ti Tr ' ltmfnt P«Ttnnal-y or Yy l-;;- r . A A
S / Vl R •***«••• Curtia <r»ery easa undertaken. . T
r v llr ,Ji' rite feT . Book - '""t««opB\ »r i
J ll^ >"A««S»IA«IE. MAILED PRB3. laW
Q £|, valuable book for mrat .' \
DR. JORDAN A CO. 1051 Market St. a F. f
565.FOURTH RACE -Five and a half furlongs: selling: three-year-olds: purse $400.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IMVIGORA-
• tor and Nervine. •. ' • . : ¦
Th« moat wondirful aphrodlstao and SDeclai
Tonio for the Sexual Organs of both .exeV^
Th« Mexican Remedy fcr Diseases of the Kld-
nejra and Bladder. Bella on its own merit*/
NABER. ALF3 & BKUJiE. Ag.nU.
CJ Market «tr««t. B. F.— (Send to? Clreilllr >
Time— 3-16. :ISU: 7-18, :434: 5%f, 1:10. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlv
lnc. Winner. W. C. de Loiwz & Co.'s b. t.. by Inm. Tr*ntola-Mary B.
Winner had BomethlnK- jto give away. Mandamus was very tired. Devereaux had no use
for the mud.
Peratf-hed— Fine Rhot 110-
566. FIFTH RACE -Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
DR.PIERCES - 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOP.»VER.gLUmfi<T:
4
Racing
SPORTS
Boxing
SPORTS
Cycling
HEADS ON
THE WIRE,
ALL DRIVING
Sensational Finish Between
Malay, Marcato and Zo
roaster at Tanforaiv
O'BRIEN IS FAVORITE
OVER BOXER NEILL
HIGH PRICE
BROUGHT BY
DIRECT HAL
California-Bred Pacing Colt
Sold for Ten Thousand
Dollars.
JOCKEY REIFF HERE
ON A RACING VISIT
LESTER REIFF.
WHEELMEN
CELEBRATE
THE SEASON
Track Notes.
To-Day's Entries.
Selections for To-Day.
cxi
r«. • l.Moi
¦
i. (Lost.
I Won.
I En*
Si
rlish
J<X
'Okeys.
jMo
ounts.
(Lost. (Won
in
rr.
t.
IS6
178-
142 •
2*6
I 130
110
66
45
28
Ijoates,
Madden,
! Cannon.
|I>-'ates.
5....
. 0..
M..
732
813
481
697
57! 160
653 130
3fiO 121
SSS 112
In^
IPX.
1
tne
A*e.
, Weight.jst.
Km.
%»n.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettine.
Op. Cl.
— . — — —— •
R
X
*•
T
(',
utt
I C
-i :
me
<c .
Bffl
r>a:
Sr
c
i
c
to
in
109 7
109 2
110 1
lift 5
107 4
107 3
ihaum.lo7 3
110 S
10*. 8
5 1*
3 n
4 %
9
M 4
8 h
5 2
2 2
1 h
6 1
6 >i
82
9
1 n
2 2
3 2
4 h
*6 1
7 5
84
9
Spencer ....
Thorpe
Conley
E. Rosb
Jenkins .....
K. Jones....
Henry
Vittitoe
N. Hill
... 5-2 8-5
... 3 4
8 5
8 20
6 15
... 6 15
... 10 30
... 8 15
8 13
Index.
:. Horse. Age. 'WeJght.iSt.
Km.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
!
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
. —~——~ .- __^_^
M 4
607
M 7
cr,o
(443)
f.61
Good Hope; 4 105! 3
Maud Ferguson, 4. .104.! 1
Jennie Reid. 4 104 2
Mike Rice. a.. 103 4
Pat Murphy, a 107 5
Had van. 4 106 Left
Rio Chlco. 4... 1041 Left
I
2 h
11
5
3 'i
1 1
2 2
6
3 1
4 hi
¦:::
1H
2 3
3 2
4 4
5
1 h
2 5
3 S
4 5
5
E. Ross 4 6
Jenkins 6-2 13-5
X. Hill 8 8
Conley 8 12
E. Jones 15 20
M.* Hergen.... 6 8
Vittltoe 3 5-2
Index. IIors<».
Welght.jSt.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. ¦
Bettlne.
Op. Cl.
.
C 27 Antolnetta .
4"4 Mandamus •
3!' l Tizona
£27 Abnrißlne ..
r>4i> Ziska
£27 I>evrTeaux .
105 3
lf>7 1
109 2
107 i 4
1W 6
110| 5
2 1
1 2
4 2
3 H
6
6 h
2 4
1 %
4 1
5 1
C 4
1 2
2 4
3 1
4 8
5 12
6 :
1 4
2 1
S 1
4 12
5 15
6
Jenkins
E. "Jones
Vittltoe
N. Hill
ConJey
K. Ross
8 9-5
2 11-5
6 12
4 7
6' 13
4 7
Index. Horse. A*e. Weight. St.
... Vassal, a 112 4
... Isaline. 3 89 3
5T>6 Nora Ives 4 104 2
6M Orsji<i Parhem. 6.;.. 109 6
638 Untie Fox. 8 94 7
... "William F. 3 96 »
M 4 Florence Fink. 4. ...104 5
£26 Charles I> Bel 6... 109 9
t-32 Ketr # nl<i Hushes, 8.. 91 S
f.28 Clpriano. 5 10ft 1
Mm.
%nr.
8 1
1 h
2 2
4 1
7 h
19
6 4
» H
5 4
6 1
%m.
2h
8 3
1 h
4 4
7 3
10
6 2
84
9 1
E 1
Str. Fin.
1~2 IT"
32 2 h
2h 3 2
45 4 4
52 6 S
71 6 1
6H 7 1
IH 8 1
91 3 1
10 . 10
t
. . Bettlns.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Spencer 2 3
J. Martin 15 40
Jenkins 2 14-5
Bullman 3 9-5
T. Walsh 10 15
Henry ......... 15 30
N. Hill 12 12
B. Ross 10 80
Phelan 15 20
Conley ]5 25
JnAtrx. Hor»c. Ap. Wright.' Bt.
4*l Malay. 4 106 6
E43 Marrato, 6 m \
(477) Zoroaster, 4 .Hi 4
M 2 TlmcmskiT, 6 114 7
<":;«) Flamora. 3 m 2
<3?2> Ivm. Me<lanos. 4 104 5
_ k<6 F. W. Urruif. 3 96 3
7
2 1
3H
5^4
4 4
6 14
1 H
4h 3 2
14 14
62 4 3
21 2 2
5h 6 1
7 7
31 5 4
Str.
3 1
In,*
4 4
2 '4
5 6
7
6 1
Fin.
¦ 1 h
2 h
3 2
4 10
6 12
6 1
7
¦ Bettlnjr.
Jockeys. / Op. Cl.
Vlttltoe 4 6
Thorpe 5-2 3
Sppncor 5-2 9-6
Bullman 6 9
J. WaJsh 3 3
Honry 10 15
Wesche * •
Index. Horse. A*e. Weight. St.
... Vassal, a 112 4
... Isaline. 3 89 3
5T>6 Nora Ives 4 104 2
6M Orsji<i Parhem. 6.;.. 109 6
638 Untie Fox. 8 94 7
... "William F. 3 96 »
M 4 Florence Fink. 4. ...104 5
£26 Charles I> Bel 6... 109 9
t-32 Ketr # nl<i Hushes, 8.. 91 S
f.28 Clpriano. 5 10ft 1
Mm.
%nr.
8 1
1 h
2 2
4 1
7 h
19
6 4
» H
5 4
6 1
%m.
2h
8 3
1 h
4 4
7 3
10
6 2
84
9 1
E 1
Str. Fin.
1~2 IT"
32 2 h
2h 3 2
45 4 4
52 6 S
71 6 1
6H 7 1
IH 8 1
91 3 1
10 . 10
t
. . Bettlns.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Spencer 2 3
J. Martin 15 40
Jenkins 2 14-5
Bullman 3 9-5
T. Walsh 10 15
Henry ......... 15 30
N. Hill 12 12
B. Ross 10 80
Phelan 15 20
Conley ]5 25
Index. IIors<».
Welght.jSt.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. ¦
Bettlne.
Op. Cl.
.
C 27 Antolnetta .
4"4 Mandamus •
3!' l Tizona
£27 Abnrißlne ..
r>4i> Ziska
£27 I>evrTeaux .
105 3
lf>7 1
109 2
107 i 4
1W 6
110| 5
2 1
1 2
4 2
3 H
6
6 h
2 4
1 %
4 1
5 1
C 4
1 2
2 4
3 1
4 8
5 12
6 :
1 4
2 1
S 1
4 12
5 15
6
Jenkins
E. "Jones
Vittltoe
N. Hill
ConJey
K. Ross
8 9-5
2 11-5
6 12
4 7
6' 13
4 7
Index.
:. Horse. Age. 'WeJght.iSt.
Km.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
!
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
. —~——~ .- __^_^
M 4
607
M 7
cr,o
(443)
f.61
Good Hope; 4 105! 3
Maud Ferguson, 4. .104.! 1
Jennie Reid. 4 104 2
Mike Rice. a.. 103 4
Pat Murphy, a 107 5
Had van. 4 106 Left
Rio Chlco. 4... 1041 Left
I
2 h
11
5
3 'i
1 1
2 2
6
3 1
4 hi
¦:::
1H
2 3
3 2
4 4
5
1 h
2 5
3 S
4 5
5
E. Ross 4 6
Jenkins 6-2 13-5
X. Hill 8 8
Conley 8 12
E. Jones 15 20
M.* Hergen.... 6 8
Vittltoe 3 5-2
In^
IPX.
1
tne
A*e.
, Weight.jst.
Km.
%»n.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettine.
Op. Cl.
— . — — —— •
R
X
*•
T
(',
utt
I C
-i :
me
<c .
Bffl
r>a:
Sr
c
i
c
to
in
109 7
109 2
110 1
lift 5
107 4
107 3
ihaum.lo7 3
110 S
10*. 8
5 1*
3 n
4 %
9
M 4
8 h
5 2
2 2
1 h
6 1
6 >i
82
9
1 n
2 2
3 2
4 h
*6 1
7 5
84
9
Spencer ....
Thorpe
Conley
E. Rosb
Jenkins .....
K. Jones....
Henry
Vittitoe
N. Hill
... 5-2 8-5
... 3 4
8 5
8 20
6 15
... 6 15
... 10 30
... 8 15
8 13
cxi
r«. • l.Moi
¦
i. (Lost.
I Won.
I En*
Si
rlish
J<X
'Okeys.
jMo
ounts.
(Lost. (Won
in
rr.
t.
IS6
178-
142 •
2*6
I 130
110
66
45
28
Ijoates,
Madden,
! Cannon.
|I>-'ates.
5....
. 0..
M..
732
813
481
697
57! 160
653 130
3fiO 121
SSS 112
JnAtrx. Hor»c. Ap. Wright.' Bt.
4*l Malay. 4 106 6
E43 Marrato, 6 m \
(477) Zoroaster, 4 .Hi 4
M 2 TlmcmskiT, 6 114 7
<":;«) Flamora. 3 m 2
<3?2> Ivm. Me<lanos. 4 104 5
_ k<6 F. W. Urruif. 3 96 3
7
2 1
3H
5^4
4 4
6 14
1 H
4h 3 2
14 14
62 4 3
21 2 2
5h 6 1
7 7
31 5 4
Str.
3 1
In,*
4 4
2 '4
5 6
7
6 1
Fin.
¦ 1 h
2 h
3 2
4 10
6 12
6 1
7
¦ Bettlnjr.
Jockeys. / Op. Cl.
Vlttltoe 4 6
Thorpe 5-2 3
Sppncor 5-2 9-6
Bullman 6 9
J. WaJsh 3 3
Honry 10 15
Wesche * •
Ir
•X.
:. Hor?
1 ' "-
»?. A*e. Weight. JSt.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
I
; Jockeys.
iBettlnr.
lOp. Cl.
.M7
at
tss
.-•44
ESI
White
Monrta
O'Com
El Ef
S&rdoi
Benan
I>olort
Glrn ,
Rosall
Fern, 4 lOfif
i. 4 110 4
nor, 4 108 6
tro, 4 106 8
ale. 5 113 2
nela, a 311 3
!. 6 109 5
Ann, 5 109 9
hra. 6 114 1
1 V4
4 1
22
9
8 H
3 2
7 1
6 1
2 2
3 1
6H
1 H
?1*
4 3
9
5 %
1 n
8 5
6 H
2 3
5 2
4 Vi
9
6 2
1 2
24
4 1
3 6
6 2
5 2
f. 1
9'
72
2 10
5 us
4 4
6 4
6 3
7 1
8 1
9
l
Tl. Jones....
Henry
T. Walsh...
.Tonkins ....
Spencer ....
Kiley
N. Hill
E. Ross
Oonlpy
. 6 6
8 10
8 13
4 6
3 3-2
. 30 60
. 12 20
6 12
. 4 8Murphy Makes a Capture.
-.Joseph Hj-'nef:; an -escape from the Pres
ton Brhool nf- Industry, was captured last
night by Policeman Tom Murphy at the
corner of Grant avenue and Market street.
The entire- police force have been on the
lookout for Hynes ever' *lnce- he escaped
la«t. September. Hynes was arrested a
little over.a year ag«i by .Detectives Ryan
and ODea and 1 fcent to. the reform school
for a term of five years. .
BECEPTION TENDERED
REV. FATHER KENNEDY
Rev. Cornelius E. Kennedy, who was re
cently ordained In Philadelphia by Car
dinal Gibbons, and who will on Sunday
next celebrate his first mass at St. Mary's
Cathedral, was the guest of honor at a
reception tendered him last Monday even-
Ing by Company A, League of the Cross
Cadets.
The quarters of the company, at 614 Van
Ness avenue, were prettily decorated In
his honor and crowded with members and
friends of the organization. An excellent
programme was rendered by volunteers
and refreshments were dispensed with a
generous hand. Rev. Fathers Hannigan,
Dempsey and O'Ryan of St. Mary's Ca
thedral lent their presence and aid In
making the reception to one of the organ
izers of the" famous' organization a suc
cess. .
Father Kennedy was heartily greeted
on his entrance to the hall, and when he
arose to express his sentiments he was
accorded an ovation. He told of the days
when he was a member of Company A, of
the pleasures he had while amohg those
who then composed the company and
what delight It gave him- to once more
greet those who have "taken their places
In the ranks. He also said that his Inter
est In the regiment would never flag and
that he would do everything in his power
to advance its interests. His, remarks
were enthusiastically received.
Dr. William C. Hopper, captain of the
company, next Introduced Lieutenant
Dowdall, a member of the California Vol
unteers, who lectured on his trip and ex
periences while In the Isle of Spices. He
threw some splendid views on the canvas,
which he gathered during his trip. Major
Daniel C. Deasey, William C. Murray,
John Hurley, Willie Cathcart. Bernard
Gleason and "Handsome" McEnerney
Death of M. A. Walter
BRENTWOOD, Jan. 2.— M. A. Walter,
the piorteer fruit raiser of thia district,
died at his residence in this city to-day.
J. Healy. Samuel C. Irving. L. R. Mead,
Rudolph Tausslg. H. L. Tickner. Richard
Valentine and George H. Wallls. There
are seven to be elected. Messrs. Healy,
U'allls and Tickner are members of the
present board. Messrs. Heald. Fraser and
Presson are not candidates for re-eleC
tlcn and the tf>rm of Trustee Culver, re
cently deceased. Is also to be filled. The
terms of the seven other trustees, Messrs.
Denlcke, Kendrick. Brunt, McLaren. Neal,
Plum and Wilson do not expire until next
year.
The librarian was Instructed to assume
charge of memberships in the California
Water and rorestry Association. A no
tice will be posted in the library and cer
tificates will be issued for $3 yearly.
Professor George Davidson will lecture
next Saturday night at the institute on
"The Commercial Museum of Philadel
phia." which he recently visited.
A letter was received from Senator'Per
kins stating that he and Congressman
Kahn would co-operate in having a relief
bill passed In Congress to pay the claims
ot the Mechanics' Institute for board and
lodging of the Filipinos who recently
came over from Manila.
The lot at Folsom and Sixteenth streets
was leased to responsible parties, who will
organize a league to play a series of
games of baseball next season.
PRAYERS FOR THE LATE JOHN MUIRHEAD IN
TONED AND HIS ASHES INURNED.
CAR CONDUCTORS GET
NEW YEAR'S SURPRISE
CHANGE ON THE CALIFORNIA
STREET LINE.
The Comparatively New Men Who
Have Had Some Day Duty Will
Hereafter Work Every
Night in the Year.
There Is wailing from one end of the
California-street cable road to the other.
The cause Is a change that went Into ef
fect among the car conductors of the line
on the first day of the year. Heretofore
the hours of the conductors have varied.
A conductor would have a month of night
duty and then a month of day duty, and
this was considered fair, because all had
about the same day and night duty, tak
ing the year through.
But during the last few days of the old
year an alarming rumor came to some of
the men who have not been on the road as
long as others that they were to be com
pelled to permanently have the night trick
without any alleviation througn occa
sional day service. This proved- to be
based upon facts, for the announcement
was made directly by the superintendent
of the line, and the result was that the
new year was ushered In unpleasantly to
the men who will hereafter work every
night In the year unless there Is a death
or a resignation to put them up a p«g, for
the day work is now counted to be a pro
motion from the night trick.
The aggravation is added to by the fact
that the hours of service have lately been
lengthened a trifle. The last car now
leaves the junction of Market and O'Far
rell streets at 12:32 a. m. instead of 12:15,
as formerly. The night men also have
to relieve the day conductors while they
are at lunch.
The night conductors are not talking for
publication. Indeed, they profess ignor
ance of the change, as a matter of pru
dence, when the subject is Introduced.
The fact is as stated. The precedent, ac
cording to the conductors, was set by
the Market-street system. The Sutter
street road followed suit. The California
street was the last. "The change does not
affect the gripmen. for the present system
is the one that they have been, working
under right along.
GROWERS AT ODDS
WITH RAILROADS
Both Want to Control
Routing of Fruits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I.OS ANGELES. Jan. 2— A. H. NaftZ
ger. president of the Southern California
Citrus Fruit Exchange, said to-day that
the citrus fruit growers of Southern Cali
fornia will resist to the utmost the effcrt
of the railroads to control the routing of
shipments of citrus fruits to Eastern
points. Just what measures the fruit
growers will take to compel the railroads
to rescind their action he refuses to say.
A large amount of fruit is awaiting ship
ment by the exchange, and also by pri
vate firms and individuals. The situation,
is becoming alarming, ad much of thl»
fruit Is ready for shipment and will not
stand delay.
¦ Fifty carloads of oranges are side
tracked at Riverside. The cars were of
fered to the Southern Pacific Consolidated
Forwarding Company, with written in
structions regarding the routes to be
taken beyond the end of the receiving
company.
The agent refused to accept the freight
unless the shipping company would waive
the right to route the cars. This the
company has refused to do. If the rail
way continues its refusal to ship the
freight and the fruit decays damage suits
will be Instituted.
The Santa Fe has likewise refused to
take citrus fruits unless the shipper
waives the light to dictate the route to
be taken to the car's destination. The
shippers have appealed by telegraph to
President Rlpley.
General Freight Agent Chambers of th«
Santa Fe Pacific said to-day that the ac
tion is taken to put all shippers on an.
equality. The rate, he said. Is to be main
tained to everybody, whether they htv/e
any car line interest or not.
"We are going to route the fruit over
lines that will give the best service to
the shipper and by which he can make
prompt deliveries. If the shipper has any
good reason why a certain line be used
In routing we will try to give It to him.
We certainly do not want to antagonize
the Interests of our patrons."
CANDIDATES TOR TRUSTEES.
Mechanics' Institute Will Elect Seven
Next Month.
At the meeting of the board of trustees
of the Mechanics' Institute last evening
the following names were presented by
th.c nominating committee as candidates
for trustees at the election to be held
February CT next: George Beanston,
James K. Copgrave. William Curlett, P.
at ' •
f The Big Store's January
| "CLEAN-UP" SALES
I FOR THE WEEK.
X EPSESJaiI
J Vie rain need not hinder you from taking advantage of these best
at of special offerings. Every car I, tie comes or transfers to tlie door.
J. An immense awning keeps the rain, off in coming from car to the
•j£ entrance; and once inside, everything to eat. drink, wear or use in
%* your homes can be bought at money-saving prices. .
at ,
J The Siik "Ciean-Up"— High-grade Novelty Silks— new
ti stylish colorings, including the fashionable pastel shadings — O^^B *m
*! silks th3t are worth regularly $1.2". to .$2.50 the yard. All this «7j£v£r
j» week, if quantity lasts —...
J Cloak Dep't "dean- Up"— Every garment in stock reduced
in price— finest goods cut deepest. As examples of how we are cleaning out
Jf . thia season's garments, read these prices:
•£ $8 50 Capes for I* ».!>.". $13 00 Dresses f0r....«J>.05 $t £0 'Wrapper* for OSe
% $20 00 Capes for 1514..10 $27 59 Dresses for... fi».7.1 $2 no Sacques for OHc
%' $S 60 Jackets frr. . . .!* l.!».~» $25 W Skirts for .* I !..'»•» I! Wnol Waists f.ir..M.t!!t
If Sl6 50 Jackets for &>». 45 $« 00 Skirts for *:t.}*s S3 Silk Waists for...*4.sr»
X ¦ zzizizzziizzzzzzzizzrzzrzizz:
£ Astrachan Cloaking "Clean-Up" — All of the* Colored
X Astrachan Cloakings that we have in stock on sale all this week, if Mot lasts,
l£ at one-balf ugular prices.
*. $1.25 quality, plain colors, 62\c; $150 quality, plain colors, 75c ;•%- quality,
J* two toned, $I.OOm '^ -'
X ¦
£ Muslin Wear "Clean-Up"— The annual, always-waited-
H for January Muslin and Corset Sales now in progress — goods of superior ex-
at cellence deeply price-cut to clean up. Here are some hints:
J>* 75c Drawers sOp t Corset Coven for.. sc. 10c Is 6 95 Whlt» Skirts... 94—s
* 1175 Gowns. | Tennis Flannel Gowns. 4sc ISI B Corset for 83e
$ The Millinery gl * Clean-Up"— All Winter Millinery to go at
i> once if half price or less is an inducement to good dressers— imported Pattern
JC Hats that sold up to 3 45 each now offered at ..$2O
$ January Carpet "Clean- Up"— You will find this week"&
* offerings in Carpets mean a big saving to furnishers. Good Tapestries, 4Oc J
£» All-wool Ingrains, SOC f Wilton Velvets. 75c ; Body Brussels, very fine,
at 95c; Smyrna Rugs, 30x60 inches, $1.00.
at
£ Handkerchiefs, About Half— All that were left of the
V ' thousands of Ladies' Handkerchiefs that were used in constructing the miniature
•£ Emporium and in other holiday displays— plain, hemstitched, fancy embroidered
*• or lace trimmed handkerchiefs, all of them more or les3 mussed and soiled. On
it sale this week 2o to 330 Each
$ Grocery and Liquor Specials,
*>; Best Family Flour— The Em- Tablo Ciarot- A good, sound wine.
fj. porinm Brand, guaranteed to please or ? on«
m r , , r • 1 ,» 1 • 1 por gallon %SUC
$ money refunded - special all this week, *^ 6 . .
£ —persack 78c _ _. „.-
% Babbitt's Best Soap-Special Port or Sherry Wine— Begu-
£ this week, 30 bars for 5/.90 larly 75c— per gallon...- 880
»£ Table Fruits— A lot of excellent .
*• hand lasts, 2 for » 25c sale all this week, per pa110n.. 52.00
I == :
£ Cloan-Up All of theso sales are for tho Clean-Up
X of 45c entire week If quantities last, of Jar -
*¦ Eider- . • "¦ dinioros,
x downs- Etc.
Jf Our entire line A large, hand-
J and stripes, P ™ Ooldcnßule Bazaar. I Pedestals and
it new camel's California's larqest-americas oramdest store, pnbrella
Jk* hair effects, to ¦ . Stands at
£ close out at.... '.. one-third
5 290 off.
E. J. BALDWIN, WHO HOPES TO WIN ANOTHER FORTUNE
1? UCKY BALDWIN Is planning to retrieve his vanished millions. Un
j daunted by the misfortunes that have beset his pathway and unmindful
J| y. of the fact that he is no longer a young man. he Is about to start life
anew. The paltry remnant of his once vast fortune Is to be the nucleus
of the wealth he hopes to accumulate in his declining years. He believes
that the same opportunities are open to him now as there were In '49,
when he made his first start on the road to wealth. He is convinced that the
same good fortune that followed him then, and from which he gained the
, title of "Lucky," is still with him and that the reverses with which he has
met in his latter years are mere Incidents which will lead him to greater
wealth than he ever possessed before. He has no doubt that a new fortune
will rii-e. phenixlike, from the ashes of his financial wreck.
"Lucky" Baldwin Is fitting out an expedition which will leave here early
in the spring for Cape Nome. It is his ambition and determination to re
enact in the far north the scenes of California's golden days of '49. He
Is going there to begin again what he accomplished here, and with the addi
tional advantage of the experience gainexl In a career almost unparalleled
In the history of those who tempt Dame Fortune he is satisfied that he will
leave the Alaskan gold fields with money to throw at the birds.
The vessel that will carry his expedition has been selected and is now '
practically under charter to the ex-milllonalre. Most of the plans have been
perfected, but some time will be consumed in carrying out the details.
"Lucky" has no idea of acquiring all his wealth with a pick and shovel and
a rocker. If his plans work well most of that kind of work will be done by
the "other fellow." Mr. Baldwin has an eye on most of the gold that will be
mined at Cape Nome during his stay there, and the magnetic Influence through
which he hopes to draw it into his pockets is a mining camp theater, a dance
hall and dancing girls galore.
The amusement resort over which he Intends to preside is to be a portable
affair, built in this city and loaded on to "Lucky's" ship In sections. It will
not be a Baldwin Theater by any means, but one of the swellest show
houses that ever did business in a mining camp. The troupe that will ap
pear before the red-shirted audiences on the Icy shores of Alaska has not
pet been engaged, but all of these little details will be attended to before
the expedition sails and the actors and dancing girls will be part of the com
pany.
Although Mr. Baldwin has passed the allotted "three score and ten," he is
still vigorous and does not think that at his time of life it Is too late to
make a fresh start. If his expedition is a failure, he says, all that he haa
left will go with it. If It is a success he expects to have a fortune com
pared with which his past wealth will be as a mere bagatelle.
GAGE IGNORES
SYMPATHIZERS
OF THE BOERS
Tardily Answers Their
Third Message.
READY FOR A MASS MEETING
,
JOAQUIN MILLER PREPARING
AN ORIGINAL POEM.
If events flow along smoothly and there
Is no hitch in the programme of the Neth
erlands Society, "Wilhelmina," Oom Paul
Kruger and his doughty aids-de-camp
may in the near future have an opportu
nity of perusing a message sent from the
city by the Golden Gate— a message show-
Ing that not only are there numerous
sympathizers with the little South Afri
can Republic in San Francisco, but that
they are doing everything In their power
in an unofficial way to strengthen the
moral courage of the Afrikanders In their
great contest with the martial hosts of a
mighty nation.
The Transvaal Committee of the society
met at its headquarters .in the Phelan
building last evening and completed ar
rangements for the pro-Boer mass-meet
ing scheduled to be held next Saturday
evening at Metropolitan Temple. Enthu
siasm in the cause the society has es
poused was manifested from the time
President A. F. Groh rapped for order
until poet Joaauln Miller's dripping hat
heralded the advent of the "Singer of the
Sierras" himself, who arrived just In time
to lire a patriotic shot before Una! ad
journment.
At the opening of the meeting President
Groh reported that the mass-meeting
would be enlivened with music rendered
by an orchestra selected from the various
German societies, under the direction of
Professor Ernest Werner. He further
stated that the speakers' committee, com
posed of Supervisor De'asy, Rev. H. T.
Shepard and himself, had seen Mayor
Phelan and asked that official to act as
chairman. Mayor Phelan had thought
best not to take so prominent a part in
the meeting, but had promised to make a
brief address.
Rev. Mr. Shepard then presented the
names of four persons who nad consented
to address the meeting: Mayor Phelan,
ex-Judge Robert Ferral, Rev. Julius
Fuendeling and Joaquin Miller. It was
explained later on that the part the poet
would take would be the recitation of an
original poem. The preacher seemed to
be somewhat annoyed at the attitude of
Governor Gage, who failed to take any
notice of the committee until he had been
written one and telegraphed twice. The
private secretary of the Executive then
sent word that Mr. Gage declined to be
come identified with the affair. The re
port was received as progressive on ac
count of a desire manifested by a number
present that speakers be secured repre
sentative of the Swiss, French, Russian
and Italian nationalities. . .
Treasurer E. T. Cavalho reported that
letters had been sent a large number of
men of national renown asking them •to
| send messages of sympathy for the move
ment, to be read from the platform on the
night of the mass-meeting. Among those
addressed were Senators Tillman, Haw
ley, Mason, Pettigrew, Bacon, Foraker,
Hoar, Daniels and Morgan, Archbishop
Ireland. Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, Editors Pul
itzer of the World and Watterson of the
Courier-Journal. ex-President Harrison
and Bourke Cochran.
By unanimous consent Judge M. Cooney
was selected to officiate as chairman of
the mass-meeting. He gracefully accept
ed the decision of the committee, adding,
however, that he would have been better
satisfied If relegated to a less conspicuous
position.
J. J. Caniffe had suggested that the
Transvaal committee hold itself respon
sible for all debts, when the meeting was
interrupted by the door opening and the
intrusion of a large black sombrero, which
was shaken free of raindrops by an un-
seen hand. The speaker paused and
everybody expectantly eyed the door.
Poet Miller followed the hat and was
greeted with applause. He was called on
JUDGMENT MEANS
RUIN, STILL THE
OLD MAN SMILED
Aged Joseph Board
man in His Defense.
DENIES HE BROKE A PROMISE
M.HS. GLADSTONE'S WITNESSES
ON.THE STAND.
Her Lawyer Is Building His Case
Piecemeal in Opposition to the
Objection of Opposing
Counsel.
. Mrs. Elizabeth Gladstone, plump and
apparently cheerful, appeared In Judge
Hunt's court yesterday to press her claim
against aged Joseph Boardman of Oak
land for $500,000 damages for breach of
promise. Mrs. Gladstone brought suit
shortly after the defendant married Miss
Walker of Oakland on June 6, 1899. The
morning session was occupied securing a
jury, the. following being selected to deter
mine I he merits of the plaintiff's claim:
Edward T. Allen. Philip Oppenhelmer,
Solomon Peiser, Adolph lllller, John H.
Kofenbimm, Roy T. Kimball, Charles Al
pers.- F. H. Stelnbach, Julius C Mour
mann. Thomas Heffron, J. G. H. Meyer,'
Juhsh Platslvek.
In the opening of the afternoon session
Eugene Deuprey, who represents Mrs.
Gladstone, called his fh-st witness. Mrs.
S. P. Kelly, to the stand. Mrs. Kelly's
evidence was continually running in con
tact •' with objections from A. A. Moore,
who jepresents the defendant, and prac
tically none of her story went to the jury.
Roy K. Langworthy was the next witness.
He said that at one time he called upon
the defendant, who asked him if he was
married. He answered in the affirmative,
whereupon Mr. Bcardman nodded his
head in the direction of a door and said
that he would soon be, too. Longworthy
thought that Mrs. Gladstone was behind
the door, and he concluded from Board
man"? nod that he intended to marry her.
Judge Hunt allowed the evidence to go in
only on. the promise that it would be more
directly connected with the alleged con
tract of betrothal. After. Langworthy had
concluded his testimony Mr. Moore, on be
half of the %defendant, called upon .Mr.
.Deuprey to* produce or prove the contract
other than by piecemeal testimony; but
only a smile. greeted him. Deuprey then
called Dr. George \V. Stimpson. an Oak
land veterinary surgeon, to the stand. Dr.
Stimp^on said that he had called upon Mr.
Koardman, who had told them that Mrs.
Gladstone was a. noble. woman and that
he could not. live without her.
-When the witness made this statement,
Mr. Roardman, his gray head trembling
with excitement, rose and leaned against
a chair. He fastened his eyes on the wit
ness and the smile on his lips changed to
pcorn. Then he slowly turned toward the
woman whom it had been said -he could
not live v.-ithout. :tn<l aw airs his features
lit .up with «uppressed merriment. This
closed the first day's trial of the suit
which, if sucee«sful. will leave an aged
man. whose toil alone has brought him
wealth, practically penniless if not a cred
itor of the judgment debtor.
DO NOT FAVOR
REDUCED FARES
ON STREET CARS
Judiciary Committee
Took Action.
WILL REPORT ADVERSELY
ORDER TO MUZZLE GREYHOUNDS
WILL BE REDRAWN.
The Incoming: Board Will Consider
Question of Poll-Tax Collectors'
Salaries — Title Insurance
in the Panhandle.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors decided yesterday to re
port against the passage of the order re
ducing street car fares to workingmen
and school children during certain hours
of the day. Chairman Bylngton, who in
troduced the order, was very anxious that
it should receive favorable consideration
from his colleagues, Algeltinger and
Phelps. but the latter voted against him.
Algeltinger explained his vote by saying
that he had received positive information
from a leading street railway official that
the wages of employes would be mate
rially reduced if the proposed reductions
were put In effect. He expressed himself
as having been at one time In favor of
the order, but he did not like to see wage
earners suffer, and therefore was opposed
to a favorable recommendation.
Phelps jocularly remarked that he would
have to be consistent and vote for the
corporations. He had not been present at
any of the meetings of the committee
when the proposed orders were being dis
cussed, but he had heard that employes
in large numbers had appeared and
moved that the orders be not recom
mended for passage. To Aigeltlngcr's
suggestion that the matter be passed up
to the incoming Board of Supervisors
Phelps replied:
"I am willing to take the responsibility,
and move that the orders be not recom
mended."
Algeltinger voted with Phelps and By
ington voted no.
Julius C. Saulmann appeared before the
committee regarding the payment of poll
tax collectors salaries in Assessor Dodge's
office. Saulmann contended that the As
sessor should pay them, out of the 15 per
cent allowed him for collecting the tax.
"Assessor Dodge," said Saulman, "has
collected about J9t!,000, of which he re
ceived $14,45f> in fees. Under the decision
of the Supreme Court I claim that tiie
tax must pay for lta collection rather than
out of moneys In the general fund. Ki^ht
thousand dollars in salaries has been
paid for the purpose, which should have
come out of the fees allowed to the As
sessor."
After some discussion Aigeltlnger moved
to postpone, so that the new board could
take action, and it was so ordered.
Chairman Bylngton advised that Kal
ben's order to muzzle greyhounds while
training in the public streets be re
drawn to comply with the legal objec
tions, and this will be done.
A. T. Spotts, president of the California
Title Insurance Company, addressed the
committee regarding the bid filed by the
company for furnishing abstracts of title
and title insurance of lots in the panhan
dle and other sections of the city where
condemnation proceedings will be brought.
The amounts of the contracts are. re
spectively. $21,423 51 and $25,114 51. Phelps
and Algeltinger voted to refer it to the
board at to-day's meeting. Bylngton op
posed the motion, because he considers
that the work is not absolutely necessary'
and that there was no competition in the
bidding.
TEE ZXPOEXTJIL
TEE EMPOBTTJIC
THE BA]^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.
BELIEVES HIS PAST LUCK
STILL LINGERS WITH HIM
BUNKO MEN ARRESTED.
Detectives Say They Are "Cappers"
for Mason-Street Physicians.
James Herold, alias "Arkansas," J. An
derson, J. W. Morgan and E. Price,- all of
whom are well known bunko steerers.
were arrested on Monday afternoon and
after spending a night in the tanks were
booked on charges of vagrancy.
• Detectives Dillon and Crockett and Pa
trolman Scott have had the quartet under
surveillance for some time. They have
been hovering about the office of Drs.
Gray and Johnson. 112 Mason street, and
their actions have been far from being
above suspicion. The physicians men
tioned are recent arrivals from Los An
geles, where it is said they entered into
certain transactions which secured for
them, according to the detectives, a hur
ried invitation to leave town.
The prisoners were caught red-handed
in the act of steering prospective patients
into the office of the two physicians. As
"capping" for physicians is not a law
fully recognized occupation, the four
bunko men are possibly scheduled for a
sojourn at the County Jail.
NUEVO IMPROVEMENT
CLUB ELECTS OFFICERS
At a meeting of the Nuevo Potrero Im
provement Club, held last evening in
Reilly's Hall, corner of Twenty-third and
Rhode Island streets, the following of
ficers were installed to act during the en
suing year: President, J. Barduhn; secre
tary, C. F. Kimball; treasurer, George
Outherle, and sergeant at arms, Robert
Davis. An ( executive committee, com
posed of Peter Stolberg, Patrick Reilly,
William Seibert, A. Toombs and A. A.
Schuhman, was also appointed. J. Boodt,
A. Kraig and Frank Kimball were ap
pointed delegates to the Mission Federa
tion of Improvement Clubs. .
The club has proven a powerful factor
in the development of the western slope
of Potrero Heights. Through Its efforts
the Market Street Railway Company was
prevailed upon to extend Its line on
Twenty-fourth street, from Potrero ave
nue to Rhode Island street. The street
has been torn up and the track is now in
course of construction and when com
pleted will increase the property values
of that district. The members of the
Nuevo Club are now laboring to have the
City and County Hospital removed, on the
ground that it is a menace to health and
has a tendency to depreciate property
values. Although it is understood that
the hospital is to be removed to the Alms
house tract in the near future, the resi
dents In its vicinity decline to wait, and
they are making every effort to bring
about its removal. A special committee,
consisting of Patrick Reilly, Peter Stol
berg. George Gutherie and C. F. Kimball.
attorney for the club, has been appointed
to draw up a proper petition for presenta
tion at the proper time.
The storm prevented a number of mem
bers of: the Point Lobos Improvement
Club from attending last night's meeting.
It was the Intention of the members to
elect officers for the ensuing year, but
this was continued until the next meet
ing. The appointees of Mayor Phelan to
the several commissions were approved
and it -was hoped that a new era. of pros
perity was about to commence In the city
under the new administration.
of Russian Hill would have a. magnificent
marine view they do not now enjoy.
"We are in no hurry to quarry away the
hill, only Rottir.p out as much of the rock
es is necessary fcr our contracts. Ai the
trate we are progressing it would take a
hundred years to level it."
TELEGRAPH HILL DISCUSSED.
California Club Ladies Say It Must
Bemain as a Landmark.
The ladies of the California Club have
decided to make an appeal to the city
for the- preservation of Telegraph Hill,
and with that end in view will draft a
set of resolutions setting forth their
stand In the matter.
This was decided upon yesterday after
noon at the regular monthly business
meeting of the club and after the mem
ber* had listened to the report of Miss
Hittell. chairman of the investigating
committee. Ml£? Hittell. with a party of
fifteen club members, visited the hill on
the 27th of December and found that the
ejecavatioris now going on made it im
perative that if action was to be taken
In the matter it should be taken Imme
diately. Miss Hittell argued that the hill
was one of (he natural and beautiful
eltes of San Francisco in addition to be- 1
Ing closely identified with the early his
tory of the city.
In : their work to save the hill from
destruction the ladles of the California
Club will have the support and assistance
of .the member's of the North Beach Im
provement ' -Cl üb.
The following is the club's calendar ar
r;r.z<r. for the month: 9mß
\Vednfs4ay. January 3—lo a. m.. department
of riiirg; 2 p. m-.. hospital section. Thursday.
January i, 2 p. ,m.,. grirta" club section. Mon
'lay. January - fe^l^ a. m.. directors" iroeetinK.
2 p. m., history nW-tlnn.' Thursday. January 11,
"8:30 p. in., department . of Art ani literature.
Mc>n<lBy, January la—ifi'a, ni., director*' meet-
In*; 3 p. ni.. history pectlon. Tuesday, Janu
ary ,1«. 1v- re. ' '
• Club mw-tlng. pr* 'jramra* -und*r the <3*part
rttitzit of rducatior. : Wednffday, January 1" —
10 a.'m.. department of civics: 2 p. m.. depart
ment of philanthrophy a.nd hoepltal section.
Friday. -January- .IV JO:3Q «• m.. department of
edurAtion. Monday) January 22— 10 .a. m.. di
rector*'' pieetlnK; . .3 p. m..- history nectlon.
•Thursday. January ;.>— 3:3(l p. jn.. department of
Art nnd literature. • Monday. January 25—10 a.
m.. director*' meeting: 3 p. m., history section.
Tuesday, January 30, 3 p. m.
WITH prayers and eulogies the body of the late John W. Muirhead
was carried from his late home, I-arkln and Hayes streets, yesterday
afternoon. Shortly after 1 o'clock the remains were carried from the
former residence of the deceased to Scottish Hall. Judge Charles
W. Slack, George Davidson, John T. Sullivan, John W. Gillmore, John Mc-
Laren, Samuel Irving, John H. Duncan and Henry Peterson acted as pallbear
ers, and, with the family and many friends of the dead, gathered beside the
coffin as the prayers for the repose of his soul were intoned. Rev. Dr. Mac
kenzie of the First Presbyterian Church delivered the funeral sermon and a
panegyric In his memory. "And there shall be no night there," spoke the minis
ter. "This Is no time for a eulogy," he continued, "as it would be contrary to the
taste of the dead. You all knew him to be an upright, honorable, cheerful,
sociable man. We come to offer condolence to his family and prayers for him
who has crossed the threshold Into eternity. Life was as sweet to him as to
you and me, but during the long days of suffering, the aching hours of night,
his lips moved In prayer to God to take him from his pain, and I appreneiul
that when he lay back upon his pillow in his last sleep that those who knew
him said 'Thank God,' for then the pain of life was done."
The choir of the First Presbyterian Church, almost obscured from view
behind the banks of beautiful flowers sent by sympathetic friends, delivered
the funeral hymn. A prayer for the dead, a last look at his face and the
funeral cortege moved to Odd Fellows' crematory. Again Rev. Dr. Mackenzie
offered his prayers for the dead, again A hymn was sung and the sorrowing
family returned to a cheerless horne — cheerless, for death had claimed a hu3
band and protector.
St. Andrew's Society, of which the deceased was a member, was represent
ed by Angus McLeod, the Caledonians by William Belwarus, and various mem
bers of the Pioneer and Ariel rowing clubs were presnt.
for a speech and made a brief but fervent
address In favor of the Boers. In which
he saw tit to explain that, while many
persons seemed to think he was "whack
ing his friends" by attacking the English
in print, they were badly mistaken. It
was the so-called nobility that was prose
cutins the war and members of that no-
MWiBMvBm
bility erased from the face of the eartn—
were npt in favor of war, and tl -ey were
the only English he recognized as. his
L^cVonoptus was appointed chairman
of the reception committee, with power
to appoint fourteen aids. His wife, the
only lady present, was chosen organizer
of a ladies' nuxlfcnry to the Transvaal
C °The mwtlng adjourned after Judge
Cooney, President Groh and Secretary L.
K. p. Van Baggen had been elected a
committee to draw up a series of resolu
tlons to be presented to the mass-meeting.
rendered vocal selections. McMahon and
Gleason cakewalked, James O'Brien re
cited some comic selections and Vincent
Kennedy gave an exhibition of buck and
wing dancing.
TELEGRAPH HILL
CASTLE SOON TO
BE TRANSFORMED
Apartment House on
the Summit.
NEW PUN OF CRAY BROTHERS
»—» — . —
LOW BENTS FOR FAMILIES OF
THEIB WOBKINGMEN.
• -'• '.;;.'- ¦
Charles Sutro Sells to the Con
tractors the Site and
the Unique Building
Upon It. >
The long abandoned castle on the crown
Of Telegraph Hill, built fourteen years
aco by the late Adolph Sutro at a cost of
,527.000. Is to be transformed into a com
fortable apartment house for the families
of workmen employed, by Gray Bro
ther*, contractors, and such others
as can be ¦ accommodated. The large
budding, together with the fifty-van*
lot on which it stands, was pur
chased Saturday from Charles Sutra by.
the contractors. At first It wa? their in
tention to tear it d-->wn. using the lumber
for other 'purposes. An- examination
showed them, however. -that the bis buHd
ir.p was in an . n 'client state of preserva
tion and they came to "the conclusion that
it would make an ideal habitation for the
families of their quarry .employes. '.
The work of repairing and remodeling
the castle will becin as soon as- .the
v.-eath« r ;>-'rmils and the practically new
building will be ready for occupancy jin
two month*;: The apartments for families
•»:'!!•• in the wirg. Under the dome will
be rooms for single men. All .the apart T
rr.ents nr.d room? will be hold at a rental
just s-ufficier.t to cover the interest on the
<apita; invested.' In the big tower- It is
the intention -of the contractors to put a
library, reading and- smoking rooms for
the use of the tenants. .-¦ ¦:¦:.- -"
This plan would- seem to indicate, and
Gray Brother* say. that the hill is in no
Imminent danger of being cut down.. Even
dl(3 they own -all the hill, which they do
rot. they estimate that it would take 100
y^axs. at the present rate, of propr^s*, to
level the eminence. The contracting firm
owns, counting its Saturday's purchase,
two f.fty-vara lots -on the summit, with
other pieces -scattered about. The city
owns a park, marly aWock square, ad
joining their .'suainilt property, and un
less 5t and- other property, owners sold
outright to the contractors., they could
prevent the leveling of .the hill.'. • ' .•
"'I camiot see." eald • George F. Gray
yesterday, "why any one should object to
:the cutting away of the bill, and I don't
think they "•would" If. the 'matter '"was' prop
.erly presented to th-em. Some, want It to
'stand as a landmark. All: | .have .to say
to that is that it if a. very unsiphtly one
and Was so long before w<» had anything
to do with It. Then, again, they "«ay It
acts a? a windbreak to protect the chips.
Anyone that has taken the trouble to ex
amine lntt that phase of the question
knows that Russian, and not Telegraph
Hill. i».lbe windbreak. So much oa that
Point.- ?-' V,;
"Njw, of the advantages to be derived
frora the removal of. Telepraph Hill. The
rotk of which it Is composed Is needed for
the extension of the water front and for
Uie filling in of the North Beach water
lots. It is almost on the ground and. for
that reason, cheap. Had it to be hauled
any distance — and you would have to go
a long way to get as good Quality of trap
rock— the cost cf filling would be so enor
mous that the Improvements would hardly
warrant It. Secondly, if Telegraph Hill
were cut down, residents on the east side
5
Rider Haggard is purchasing Alaska
gold mines.
Alfred Eert of South Africa la a billion-
aire. ' .
Contractors Pleaded Guilty.
James Campbell. and Thomas A. Pettus,
contractors for the building of a naval
training station at Goat Island, pleaded
guilty in the United States District Court
yesterday to the charge of violating the
Federal eight-hour law. They will appear
for sentence this morning. The maximum
penalty is $1000 fine or six months' im
prisonment.
An Attractive Publication.
The current issue of "The 400, and Illus
trated Travelette," a Chicago publication,
makes a special feature of California.
There Is a large number of most excellent
half-tone reproductions of photographs of
Interesting scenes In San Francisco and
other prominent points in the State. The
letter press of the magazine is perfect and
the literary matter is of the highest order.
jfeSsCSk-y ou w ant a high-grade treatment
/fpgj^p? '¦*o«v for your trouble, and I have it— a
fejrarSM \ />•• "\i treatment fur all weaknesses which
*2&feis ¦A. V M result from youthful indiscretion or
XgJaTpK> v i' V later excesses. No drugs to stlmu-
Twnp^ i. \ \ • late and then throw you back
v>^^^ ---I * « It is true, you cannot get my
f-\-i> 4iji)r, Sanden Electric Belt
/ r\ -^^ \ " =3SS *' rtf ¦ For a mere song. It costs more,
/ f\ I 'I possibly, than most people think,
I 'jA r _ ''-E^®^ bul Jt Sives results. It is the best
I ,/ ,'/* JBBHB^ that money and science can offvr.
yT It Is not a fancy, ornamental affair.
CN^£j"~ -~- •¦'. ¦-..¦¦ xS*~fcg?a|gre The worth is all there in curative
¦ construction. It generate the
- • v**» smoothest and most strengthening 1
current of any electric appliance in the world. You wear it all night
for 60 to 90 days. It brings back lost powers and sivea you new am-
bition. Write for free descriptive pamphlet. "THREE CLASSES OF
.MEN." which .explains all. Consultation and advice free.
* Office hours 9 to 6; Sundays 10 to 1.
DR. T. A.. SANDEN, 18 T £!E2,£ T «£ BBT -
1193-5 Booth Bjriaj Stxast, Lm Aaftlu, C&L; Kami BniHiag, Firtliad, Or.With that open door in China that all the power*
are talking about the diplomatists should have no
great trouble in making: drafts for the treaty.
HOTKL. DEL COROXADO— Take advantace
of th* round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
Bteaxnsb'p. Including; fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay, 13 00 p«r day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery etreet. Ban Francisco.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louie
erery Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, €28 Market street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
APPOINTMEXTS UNDER THE NEW
CHARTER— A Subscriber, " City. The
newly appointed board of Civil Service
Commissioners will prepare a set of. riilea
and regulations to govern appointments
In the City Hall. San Francisco, and un-r
Ul they do It will be impossible to know
what age limit will ba fixed.: • .
CENTS AS LEGAL TENDER— W. P.
X.. City. United States one-cent pieces
are legal tender anywhere In the United
States In a rum not exceeding 25 cents. If
you go Into a etore and make a purchase
you can pay 25 cents of the purchase
price In one-cent pieces If you are so -in
clined. '
Much argument and ink has bean
wasted on this very simple matter by
those who, aa some one wittily said, have
tried: . • ¦ ; • ¦ .
To crove by EDetaobyilcs fine'
One hundred means but ninety-nine; * ".
¦While at their wi»dcm ethers wondered. "
But too~k one more to make a hundred.
POLICEMEN AND EXAMINATION—
J. M.. City. The Police Department will
be under the civil service rules and all
applicants for positions on the force will
have to undergo such examination aa the
board may prescribe. This, department
cannot tell what the- course of examina
tion will be, as the board has not yes met
to prescribe rules. . . "
UNDER CIVIL SERVICE— F.- B. HJ.
City. The several positions In the follow^
Ing offlces and departments will be tinder
civil service rules under the new charter
Where applications must be mad* will be
known wnen the Commissioners announce
the rules and regulations:
County Clerk, the Assessor.' the Tax Collector
the Sheriff, the Audltcr. the Recorder the Cor
oner, the clerks and ethnographer* of the Jast
lces' and PoHee Courts, the Board of Public
Work*, the. Police Department, the Fire De
partment the Board nf Election .Corr.m'sslcm
er«. th* Board of Health and «H boards or de
partments controlling public utilities; but the
following deputies, clerics and employes In laid
of flcej an 4 department* •hall' be exempted
therefrom: the cashier of the County Clerk.
• th« chief deputy and the cashier of ths Aas-s-
As an evidence of the peril of a Philadelphia
family during a recent fire, the dispatches an
r.ounce that they slept soundly over a magazine. The
soporific effect of certain monthly publications were
well known, but it was not thought they were so
potent as that
Critics are now directing attention to the fact that
!n his work* on "Infantry. Drill" General Buller in lay
ing down ru*e for the guidance of officers in making
an attack upon zr.j fcnemy cays: "No reconnoissance
from a disfar.ee is sulncient." As he violated that
precept at Tngtla River and lost the battle and eleven
guns by it the. conclusion is he neglected to etudy his
*>wn book before he went to war.
Major Peyton March of the Third Infantry, now
operating in the Philippines, seems destined to do
•things displeasing to femininity. As commanding of
ficer of the Astbr Battery, he snubbed the efforts of
the ladies of San Francisco to feed pie to the Astor
oids. Cablegrams announce that he has just rounded
*«nt that unblushing record by capturing the wife of
.Aguinaldo and her sisters.
The advocates of the theory that a new century be
gan with the year have an advantage over their oppo
nents in the fact that they can to frequently refer to
this' as tbe twentieth century that the genera! public
trill adopt the terra in epite of all the other fellows
At th!s present noment, with the Police Depart
ment on the tiptoe of expectancy of violent changes
in its personnel, uneasy heaves the breast that wears
& ttar.
The effort to organize a gigantic milk trust at Chi
cago will undoubtedly be knocked in the head by the
opening of the greats drainage canal. It will deliver
300.000 cubic feet a minute.
The New Year gave prompt notice that it does
cot intend to make a refutation as a dry year.
Special Information supplied dally 'i
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping; Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 •
Saloon Man Arrested.
Henry Karstens, proprietor of a ealoor
at 90 Third street, was arrested on a war
rant yesterday charging him with felon>
embezzlement. The complaining witness
Is Leon Cohn, who alleged that he pur
chased Karstens' ealoon and gave him
1100 to clinch the bargain, but Karstens
refused either to give him posseßs^Jn of
the saloon or return the money. Karstene
does not deny getting the JlOO, but says
Cohn did not live up to the terms of his
agreement, and when he demanded the
money Saturday last he refused to give it
up till he had consulted his attorney, who
is out of the city.
SAVED BY BANKERS.
O CCORDING to statements made by authorities
/ \ on financial subjects the flurry in Wall 6treet
* * early in December would have resulted in a
serious panic had not the great banking houses of
New York and of other Eastern cities come to the re
lief of business men who needed help and enabled
them to avoid a sale of their stocks and securities at
a time when such sale would have involved not only
a personal sacrifice but led to a general crash in the
market.
The Financial Chronicle, for example, after re
viewing the situation at the time, says: "To the
credit of our bankers and banks be it said that they
arrested the ruinous liquidation we have referred to
and stayed the panic How often the unthinking
body of our people glibly tells us that these classes
of our citizens are unfeeling, heartless and wholly self
ish. When the financial history of this country dur
ing the last thirty-five years comes to be written — a
period during which the generation now about to
lay off its armor has been active and prominent in
affairs — no class, if tbe inside facts are disclosed, will
be found to have assumed greater risks and shown
greater forgetfulness of self and personal interests
than they have done on many occasions to tide the
country safely over its crises. What are generally
called capitalists are very conservative men. They as
a whole never run risks to make money for them
selves, so they are always able and prepared in time
of danger to lend a hand in bridging the chasm less
conservative men cause."
There may be something of exaggeration in that
statement due to the feeling of relief following the
fear in New York of a panic, but in the main the
statements are not to be disputed- Bankers are in a
certain sense trustees of the financial welfare of the
community they serve, and as a rule they fulfill the
duty well. In this State the bankers have been par
ticularly faithful in conserving the interests of trade,
and during the disastrous panic of 1803, when nearly
every other State in the Union suffered from financial
distrust as well as from industrial depression, Califor
nia stood in that respect almost undisturbed.
From the tone of certain utterances in Congress on
tbe financial question it appears likely the Bryanites
during the approaching campaign will endeavor to
arouse antagonism to the bankers. It is therefore well
at this time for the people to take notice of the proof
just given in New York of the service that bankers
render to the community and to recall what was done
by them in our own State when the stress of disaster
was upon every industry.
Esteemed Friend. Free-Staters. Brother Afrikanders— The
disaster which threatened us all along has at last overtaken
us and our land will be plunged In & blood bath.. And why?
Let the murderers, the violators oi peace and breakers of
treaties who attack us explain it. "With their usual bold
faced lying they now will pretend that not they, but we. are
the aggressors. Wo the aggressors? Who are they who for
months treated with ccntenipt and threats all d\ir efforts to j
reach a peaceable settlement? Who are they who for months
conveyed troops from all regions of the world to concentrate |
them on our frontiers, to support their friendly advisers? Who
are they who for years have accused us of being oppressors
and tyrants? /
Who are they who while hypocritically pretending not to
intend to violate our independence, yet Incessantly in a pro- j
yoking manner desired to meddle with our home legislation and j
administration? Who enticed, as well as us. their own repre- j
sentatlve here, dec*itfully. Into making proposals which theyde- j
clared to be ready to consider on their merits while they stood j
ready to reject those very same proposals &3 soon as made on j
their own undeniable invitation, as being an insult rendered to !
the British nation with the object of picking a quarrel? Who j
are they who under pretense of sustalr-ing the rights of the j
Uitlanders Bided with the capitalists acd rebels in order, to :
pain Naboth's vineyard? Who are they who' have encouraged [
and countenanced the treacherous and rebellious mob of the so- j
called League, in sprite of the cautions of their own High Com- i
rnissioner. ad interim. Sir William Butler, an upright, cele- j
brated and highly respected general, and of Mr. Echrelner, the I
Prime Minister of the only colony of consequence in South ;
Africa?
Who are they who accepted with open eyes a lying petition,
replete with thousands or forged and deceitfully obtained sig
natures, without investigating whether these were genuine and
reliable? Who are they, who, not only In fact, left unpunished J
the shameful invasion of a Jameson, but even tolerated that
the prominent imperial officials, who were his accomplices.
phcuW, under the protection and encouragement of her !
Jiajesty's High Commissioner In South Africa, and of the Sec- j
rfctary of the Colonies, continue in every manner possible to
corrupt, threaten and calumniate country ar.d people In South j
Africa, supported by all the influences which Mammon can '
exert to the shame of our ai?e? Who are these people?
Is it the High Commissioner of her Majesty In South Africa. I
Sir Alfred Milner? Is It the Secretary of the Colonies, Mr.
Joseph Chamberlain? Is it Lord Salisbury and the balance of
tbe British Cabinet? Is It her Majesty, the Queen, and the peo
ple of England? Alas! as yet we had- hoped to be able to
answer tbe last two queries with no, but we are disappointed
In our hope.
The British Cabinet, the British people and the noble, peace
loving old Queen, honored so hiphly by us until now, all have
either consented in the crime, •which is committed asram«t us,
or allowed 'themselves to be mißled by a man like Chamber
lain, In a manner which a just God will not let jro by unpun
ished. If nations are culpable, like individuals, for neglecting
to prevent a' crime, as well as for the committing of it. then
this Premier, that people, that Queen., will not be able, to hide
themselves on the day of judgment behind that unjust admin
iftration. The people who encouraged race hatred, their first
guide and their anointed Queen who allowed such atrocities,*
have made themselves accomplices of the criminal, and If In j
South Africa, like more than a hundred years ago in North. l
America. Ichabcxl (honor is gone) wCI become Xh» lejSTOfi or
the famed Brtt*sh .empire, to whoa will thi3 t« flue, ween
the blind lead the blind both will fall Into the ditch. ar<4 ;<DCI
will have to acknowledge, who can tell how aoca. that whess
God will destroy he £rst in&kes cad.
Tha British empire is a ral^hty erspire. This Its Btatesnes.
!ts warriors. Its pres3. yea, ever, it* priests, have anao-.rz.cee W
us and to the world so often -with a lo^i vclce. But wcow
that whoever may be r=Jgfcty. the Lori our God 1* a^pig-hvr-
Brother Afrikanders, the great day has dawred. The God cf
our fathers will battle with tzs, the Lord, whose e.nn is noz
shortened, that he i=ay not he!? tho«e whois their anx?c-y2rto
him. Avauut with our confidences in princes: I>t us u"t cor
eves prayerfully v? to God. our barker. In hire we wiJ a*ccsj
plish great d#^ds. As powerful E?e*z^ with its bioodthiT«7
Alva aid Its iirrixcft'.e £eet. hai to give ta. so cur God wi^ ue-
UTtr our enemies usto tyj, "Who are we that r=_2rhty r.:? J .n .
should send its thoewmds cf hireling* egais*: us? A yourr
and Email ration. r=all in cumbers, little la power. Attracted
by the wealth of our rair.e*. cur enenj has scusht all ki^is cf
pretenses 6a which they could attack us.. Let then Cery tfci»
a=d prove it if they are aMe to<!»»o.
Who ia South Africa, -who fcovs s^ythtrff aboc* ocr history.
will beUeve them? At ose tiia* it tm: The Ultlacders ar» c>
pre=»ed and political rirhts are derJed them. Cfcly after a
dcsiicile cf seven yeaTs win they be -atle to obt«i2 the •»
hirblr-prixed francliise and cot after £ye years. V.*hat aa jaa«
heard of atrocity. In England, free England, the new tnhah4
tant may pc»ylb!y have to wait twelve yean before he will be
allowed "to cast his toi* for a member cf the Lower Emse. Of
the House of Lords not eve-n nj^nti-n is made; ars they net
lcei«la*cr« by inher.tarce? But in our rep-uslic it is ty te fi-*
vears cr war. By voice cf its Secretary cf the Cclcnies Er.s
iar.d assumes the rlg-ht to jump in tie breach fcr all the Ui;
landers regardless cf their naucnality.
And what do we cow see? Cm the frontier**, ta the front
rank" "boulder to shoulder with ccr natixe sons, stand these
very "arae UUlanders. Hollanders. An=ericans. Germans. Irish
men Frenchmen. Belgians sr.d Scandinavians, yea. even E^-.e
lishmea. in great numbers, reedy to relieve our country of this
self-constituted protection of the oppressed. Verily, a. JSr.e pro
te-tor of th«* oppressed is that p*cp!e which, since the existence
of our nation, has ever been the oppressor of Afrikander and
native. From Slachters Nek till Lain g* Nek. from the conven
tion of Pretoria till the convention cf Bioetnfcntein. ever wer>
they breakers of treaties ar.d robbers- The diamond Hills of
Klinbfcrley and the beautiful fields of Natal -were taken frcm
u« and how they covet the gtsld fields of the vntTratersrand.
"Where la "Waterboer to-day? He who had to be protected
aral^^t the Free Btat© and who does not own at ths present
day in Ir.ch of soil- Where l!es Lobenrcla to-<iay Is his trs
k'-own crave, and which freebooters and adventurers possess
his land? Where ye the chiefs cf the Bechuana tribes, and
vho are the present landowners there* Is it not that pec^is
who.' Hk'e the Pharisee of oli3 . thanked God that h» was cot Ilka
tjrto t^fc ¦ ¦¦
*Read" the history, cf Scuth Africa end ask yourselTres: Eu
the English Government been a blessing cr & cursa to this
Afrikander*. a?aja the day on which sreat thinys
will be expected from us has dawned. The- sun of war ha« riaen.
Flther a desolate- ar,d enslaved South Africa or a free, cnited
Sotith'- Africa.- Come, stand Bhoulder to shoulder with ts and
let u« fulfill a holy duty like men.' The Lord of Har..» w|]ib»
our pniid**. Be not dismayed: : ;-•.: F. TV.. KEITZ.
Pretoria, South. African Republic ¦ . .- . :•. ¦ ¦¦..:.:
ACT FORTHWITH.
\ J HEN Mayor Phelan laid before the Board of
V V Superriiors bis reason for retoing the resolu
tion imping a iicen'se fee upon all nickel-in
tie-tlot telephone r*chir.es he promised to submit
to that body "forthwith" a new resolution directed to
the -ame object a=d which wouid be free from ar.y
The Enperriiors meet to-cay. If the Mayors
promise were given in *?ood faith and were cot de
signed merely for. delay, the resolution will be £üb
rr.itte4 to the board. In such case the Supervisors
thould act cpon it forthwith. If it be not submitted,
the Supervisors thoold at once take cp an amended
resolution' of their own and pass it to print. It is a
time that calls for forthwith badness.
C * "1
toon end. Very little <ielay now wiU euSce to de
feat the resolution forever to far as thi* beard is
concerned, and the issue will go over for considera
tion by the new board. Thus on the one hand there is
xiinecr that tbe license 'tax may be defeated aho
-Ijetbtr, and on the other hand there is danger that
the preitr.t board, which has made the fight for the
j*x>p!e against the telephone compasy, may be de
....
•prived of the credit of the victory, ihocld one be
Thit board hai gone on record in favor of the li
cense tax. The people know what to expect of it.
If it act at all it will act rishtlr. There is no assurance
Tif the action of the incoming board. The telephone
company may gain all it has been fighting for if it can
bring abcut a delay wh:ch will carry the issue over
from the present board to the new cne. It is that
fact which renderj prompt action «o imperative at
_
The ca«e is one which doe* not require many
•words. The Supervisors should have an amended
Lf.l prepared before they meet, so that they will be
abie to act promptly if the Mayor fail in his promise.
Under any. circumstances a resolution free of all legal
objections impoy-ng the desired tax- upon the nickel
in-the-«lct telephone machines should be passed to
print at the meeting to-day. "Forthwith" was the
* . ¦it.lnnii'-.-vT-V.-i*"'.*!" wWrr ill ii ¦ miiMW-Pl—w fci
Mayor* word, and it is a good one to act apon.
At one time during his meteoric career as Governor
cf Colorado the now almost forgotten "Bloody
Eridks" Waite announced his willingness to do some
thing when "hell froze over." Indications now are
that the time will soon be ripe. Heavy snows are
reported from Georgia and Jack Frost is still headed
i^t south.
AsrrjSEirLEirrß.
' '¦o'.BSr.bi*— —Ttf. CT: r.f.".t±.~
r^:?nrz.'j*—"VrKii V.TX-*. Ccisera.**
.i'.a£t-» — "FlE£.3EtE'« Xttlt.** ¦
'p. |/|f^f^*y>lr*^r l * I T ( a£dC^*T-
Ctrstt*. £x> »**-i Tr&eatcr— VaoSsrlljß) •very aiverrstoa tsA
srvfT.irx.
CMy-sp**. •ortr-r SU.cn sad EEi« •trwrt.-SpesUltUfc
t-. ?..._. in."Z* cf *tf '*-','¦* -Say. irLwittt street, sear
tOoterg Terr As*y3stlca ra.-?w t>-4ay.
J/OAISERJ /OAISER WILLIAM gave to the German peo-
J\ pie, to Europe and to the world a New Year's
greeting Tfrhich soends like aa utterance from
the middle ages. Ia net one sentence did he give
expression to any aspiration for peace or to any con
£<ience that the new century would be marked by the
rule of right and reason over wrong and force, bet,
z s if to show his defiance, of all such sentiments, he
repeated with emphasis a declaration of his old an
cestor, Frederick William I, oi the paramount power
of the sword.
The most characteristic sentence cf the address was
that in which the Kaiser spoke of his army as the
peop'e of Germany. "The first day of the new cen
tury," he taid, "sees our army— ia other words, our
people— in arms, gathered around their standards."
Then he went on with the exhortation: "It is for
you, gentlemen, to preserve and employ in the new
century the old qualities by which our forefathers
made the army great, namely, simplicity and modesty
in daily life, unconditional devotion to the royal ser-»
vice, the employment of one's whole strength of body
and mind in the ceaseless work of training and de
veloping cur troops; and even as my grandfather la
bored for his army, so will I, in like manner, uner
ringly carry on and carry through the work of re
organizing my navy, in order that it may be justified
in standing by the side of my land forces, and that by
it the German empire may also be in a position to
win the place which it has not yet attained. With the
two united I hope to be enabled, with a firm trust in
the guidance of God, to prove the truth of the saying
of Frederick William I, 'When one in this world
wants to decide something with the pen he does not
do it unless supported by the strength of the sword.' "
It is a strange bit of irony that the most authorita
tive speech of the New Year should have greeted the
opening of the twentieth century with a declaration
of what a war lord hopes to attain by the use of
army and navy. The Kaiser's speeches fortunately no
longer alarm Europe, and no one will expect him to
set forth on a military career in hot haste. Perhaps
the sole purpose of the trumpet tone of his address
was to rouse a public sentiment which would force
the Reichstag to vote the appropriations he needs to
build up his much desired navy. For the Kai*er does
not rule Germany as his warrior ancestors did. He
has to ask for money instead of taking it, and the
spirit of the twentieth century confronts him in his
very household.
Just what the Kaiser aims to do has not yet been
made clear by his friends or by his enemies. It is
doubtful if he himself understands what he is driving
at. That he is jealous of all rival authority fn Ger
many is certain. He quarreled with his father, with his
mother and with Bismarck, and he has been fighting
one Reichstag after another ever since- he came to the
throne. Yet he has never shown any ambition for
wars of conquest. On the contrary, he has been sin
gtUarly peaceful and diplomatic whenever interna
tional controversies have brought him' to the verge of
war. His new declaration, therefore, of a hope to be
enabled to do something under divine guidance by the
use of his army and his navy to give the German em
pire a place it has not yet attained will give rise to
some remarkable speculations. Germany hsfs al
ready a dominant position in Europe. What more
will the Kaiser seek? Does he intend to spoil Russia
of her Germanic provinces along the Baltic or Brit
ain of the empire of the sea?
WEDNESDAY,!.... ;'...., . . . iJANUARY 3, x?»
'¦ _ _ ~ ¦ ¦ ~
JOHN D. SPRECXELS Propngtoc^
pjl«l4Ca.tio» orrrcn...n«»it*« *»* Tfcir*. t. F.
T«ltpb»a« Mala I*CS.
CDTTOHIAZ. cnqvi 2JT to ZTI Itrreas«B St.
TeJe»fe*B* :>!a IS*. .
Octlr^red t-T r«rri^r». 15 C~nlu Vrr Wm*.
«l»irl»- foplM. 5 Onta.
T*n»« by **sll. In«-I«iSla» I'"«Tacti
DAILY CALL Sontfayi. cot year-. .ffl.OO
Ij'.'.l.Y CAJLL-ilneJn^lß* Isndari. « aonlbi.. X..OH
1) « . 11. V CALL (iorladlsc inndsy,. 3 taotatka. . 1.50
in;j.s CALL— cr »«¦«»•¦ «•»«¦ c:><>
klSDir CALL One Ve»r a-*^
UCEKLT CILI. Osr Xnr l-OO
All p«»tr&»strrs «r* •othort«ed t* r«««X»«
aabscriptions.
fcarapl« copies rtlU *>« torwardfd rr ben rc«oest«d
OAKLAJTD 0FF1CE........ »OS Droadwsj
C CEORfiE KRO(S!TE«,
!Ir.iitfr TorrigM AdTcrditrr. M«r««rtl« Bmlld
lßJT. ' KJctaro.
verve vobk coaacfPOTDOTi
C. C CAJUXt OJ Herald Ssaarc
_: — • *
ixw tobk ucntn<i:rrAnvEi V
fjeattT 1. 1 ..!.": JB. ...... -25» Irlbnse HsUdlsc
' ::',' \'s<> AET»'» STATOIi
Ikrrmsa r --•«-. P. O. Sewi to.i Gr**t \ortb
«mu Hotel i Tttwcmnt Hocaes AndHorlnxa Uotel.
kcw took sfi:w» «TAjrwt
Uildorf-u-.'-wa Hotel: A. BrtnUßO, 81 Ccloa
tdctrc Sarrtr Ufll U«tcl.
WZJinntGTOjr rr>. r.t o*'FlCt:..W«llijisrtan Hotel
i. F. CarCLJLSU. Corre«poad«at.
''
CIU'.'II OFVIf KJ— .-T 91oB»xoB»»ry «rr«*t. c«»-
Vf >r day. ©!><-•. or.tll &130 »vioek. 3O«» Hayes
«. r .«.v open ';-.-.. :> -'» o'rlo' W- eSS McAlllater
itrc<<, op'ti satil itJvt o'cloelc <Sl5 Larklo
ttrrct. '.u-r. •.-¦.: '.$-M'i o'clor-k. 1&41 Mlsalon
• trv<rt. «.;¦• v •. -!J 1O o'clock. 2291 Market
ilr.-M. r ',t:.* t -.:'.-< nth. «p«a cnill d O'clock.
I'--/'; Valencia atreet. opfß oatll O o'clock.
100 lit* vf-». tl. < r»--t. open aatll 0 o'clock.
IW. roratr T-w«-»tT-««e«ad aad Ken tack?
'sb«vt«, •¦[¦• r. until {» o'clock.
THE MESSAGE OF REITZ
WE are £.S!t to giTt an English translation to
day, a ttatcneat written by Mr. Reitz, Secre
tary cf Slate of the Transvaal Republic, to ilr.
Bligrta*-!, Secretary cf the Orange Free Sxz'z.
'Ia ir:<*:£r.znt but elevxtcd language it utters the
truth of history.
Besidtt being z bsgle call to the ipirit of indepen
dence and iclf-gOTernffieat, it !s a sad echo of oppor
tunity lost to Great Britain. In its expressions cf
esteem felt for the Qnzza zrizj be read a ftate of
ir.u:d existing enor.g the Borrs which would hays
¦tl-a-A up in South Africa; ia the Tra^svza! and Free
State, itroxg and loyal friends End a'.liej &i the em
pire. Not orJy ha* Mr. Ccamberitun lost this oppcr
tcnity fcr hi* ccustry, tut if Ergiar.d win in the war
he will tike into the empire another e'.emer.t of weak
ness *nd fisal destruction by cozn^'.r.r.g g-urd to b«
kept cm a conquest of itrcng, edf-wDled and rebel-
Jiccv people.
Go a the war day, z people who can be addressed
ir. such larg-sag* as Mr. Reitz uses are those in whom
th» pastion for ir.dependecce can never be subdued,
and England is sure of a lasting errnity, of which she
ba« hid coitly and torry erperier.ee with her Irish
subjects, in whom the cense of injury ha; survived the
centuries.
Talk z* the traders a-d Tories nay, the judgment
of the world is with the Boers. The people are
mightier than the policy cf mesarchs and self-seeking
iia:es=:eri, greater than the commercial instinct of
gain. In every country rsea hear of the sangcisary
struggle agairst power that rages en the veldt and by
the rivers cf South Africa. Its progress is noted and
krovm, and that c.~iet force of public opinion which
h the final j-cge of the policy of nations is against
*England- Who hears anywhere, outside of that ern
p:re, of a public rnccting in sympathy with the pre
t«rr.*:ons cf Great Britain? In tbe Cabinets of the dif
ferent Govtmmer.ts there is no expression beyond the
cold formalities compelled by diplomacy. England
h2S raised cp co friend, has no prospect of an ally
except for a consideration, asd* having lost the chance
to count the strong and growing republics ariong her
friends, has sided her own isolation and increased her
difficulties. In addition to this her own best thought
and brain are against her policy. Her philosopher
and students, the tr,en upon whom she must reply for
her real ar.d enduring greatness in history, are against
her.
Suffering from the accumulated aversion of the
world, the is shuffling in the shoes cf the dead em
pires which preceded her, that gained greed with con
qt:ert and were stricken with that leprosy vrhich rots
from the skin to the heart of all nations which regard
phytical force as greater than moral power.
Parker's Hair Balsam keeps Ow h»!r soft
and plentiful and restores the color when gray.
Hlndercorns, th» best euro for corns. 15 cts.
The Fastest Train Across th«- Conti-
nent.
The California limited, Santa F» Route. Con*
nectlne; train leaves 6 p. m., Monday, 'Wednes-
day, Friday and Saturday. Finest /equipped
train and best track of any line to the East.
Ticket office. C 8 Market street. -
A LIGHT THAT IS FADING.
pZJROM Chicago comes the report that the Wil-
I Ham J. Bryan League of that city has arranged
for a sumptuous banquet on Saturday evening
and Bryan himself has been invited to be present as
the guest of honor and, of course, the principal
speaker. That he will accept goes without saying. It
will be wisdom on his part to do so, for the political
horizon shows many signs that portend the passing of
his glory, and he must speak while he has the center
of the stage.
Prosperity in Nebraska and Kansas has put an end
to th*e discontents that made Bryanism popular thtre
during the hard times, and even the silver mining
States have ceased to regard that as the paramount
industry. Thus the silver agitation no longer agi-
J tates any considerable number of the voters of the
j West. In the • South the outlook for Bryanism is
as it is elsewhere, for the South also has become
prosperous. Vast manufacturing enterprises have
been built tip !n those States and the minds of the
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been a*ed for fifty years by million* of
mother* for their children while Teething with
perfect cuccess. It soothe* the child, softens
th« rums, allay* pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates th« Bowels and la tb« test remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising; from teething* or
other causes. For sale by drup^lrts in erery
part of tbe world. Bs runs and ask for Mrs.
Wloslow's Soothing Syrup, Sc a bottla.
Hannan Remanded.
H. J. Hannan, wanted in Greensburg,
Pa., for the murder of his gambling part
ner. John Craig, was remanded yesterday
by Judge Cook Into the custody of the
police. For fear that the result might
have been otherwise, a warrant had been
Bworn to before Judge Mogan by Sergeant
of Police Colby for Hannan's arrest on
the charge of perjury.
A I IV Jr'iB.TTR F. Mk. M I'M,
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Ttrwnsend'B.*
PRAISE FOR THE CALL'S
ART DEPARTMENT
By yesterflay's title page picture "In
Solemn Service Catholics Close the Cen
tury." the San Franciscp Call has again
shown the superiority of ltg art depart
ment. There is thrown ia the picture the
Impress of genius and the 'sketch accurate
of the high office in the Cathedral is pre
sented In the most perfect " manner. The
holiday devotional attitude of the congre
gation on Sylvester night Is shown In a
manner that conveys the ¦ most exacting
knowledge of the onlooker. . The artist,
for his unequaled execution, and the
Journal for Its artistic presentation of- the
subject, are entitled to great credit.—Cali
fornia Demokrat. Jan. 2. 1509.
*?r. the chief ieypty ari &» cashier e/f Cm Tax
Collector, the cader Sheriff and tie chief book
keeper cf xh» . Sheriff, ths tSepcty Aadltos-. ths
chW deputy cf t£*- Recorder.. th« chief depciy
Coroner, the City E=£i=e«T. th« secretary *r*i
architect cf the BoaM cf Pah'^c Work*, the
Jle£i*trsr cf ti* Board cf. Electlca Oxzs.'.sf.zzi
e'rs. t"he Chief cf PoMre. tbe- Chief Esjtseer r*
the Fire r>s*ri=:e=i- a=& *:i chyr.ciAS* Ap
pointed ty. cr cs the Rsart of He»2th. All cf
.ficers. resit*, boards "asd heads cr. departseats
vested In' this- charter -with the power ta ap
point deputies. ¦ clerks. «tei;c«r«;ierm er «ri
plcre» ta any cf the cf2ces cr de^arteacta •-«•
tKe City as 3 Ccwty centicsed ah<rr»
shall dike rsch- ' atpcistseirs la ccsisrzziry
with the.mle* aai rroTlslcss Jr?9CT;^e<: ty C»
dvir»ervlce •ec'tica of the charter, aai a=j ap
polnt=«nt net »o i=ai» «v«'i fc« xoii.
FOREST RESERVATIONS.
I—>yURING1 — >yURING his brief visit here Land Commissioner
) Herman was made acquainted with the views
' — of the promoters of forest reservations. There
is a movement begun by the Waters and Forests So
ciety, and urged by the State Board of Trade, the
Sierra Club and ether organizations, to secure a
more exter»ded reservation of the land on the water
shed of Lake Tahoe.
It is a pity that this waj not done before com
! merce had stripped the mountains in that vicinity of
¦ the fine primeval forests and left a great part of them
; bare. The owner* of the land, who have removed its
! tirr.V*r, are entitled cr.der existing law to lieu lands
j in the event of their naked holdings being included
in the expected reservation. Of course they will im
mediately locate their lieu scrip upon virgin forest' in
the- public domain ar.d will proceed to cut the timber
and destroy reproduction by fires, and the making of
I the reservation, will only end in duplicating the de-
I 'traction of timber. In this emergency the Commis
sioner seeks amended legislation, which will permit
! the location of lieu scrip only on land of equal con
i dition and value to that which the Government take 3,
• excluding absolutely mineral and oil lands. Cahfor
i nia should back this legislation by every possible in
* fluence. It fills the gap in the law authorizing reser
! vations and mak« it true to its purpose of effecting
i the sah-ation of the forests of the country.
This State has an awakened interest in it, because
<of its bearing upon oui . er supply and the storage
• of storm waters.
I When the floods fall upon and pass over forest land
their "delivery is slower, the opportunity to save them
I by storage is better, and the water is less turbid than
when it erodes the bare soil and carries a load of silt
to fill up the reservoirs and in a brief time make them
useless.
Commissioner Herman is thoroughly wise and in
j strutted in the whole forest and water problem and
J see* very dearly that the most important function of
' his office is not in passing the public domain into
j private hands aa rapidly as possible, to be exhausted
! of its natural wealth in timber and forage plants, but
| the conservation of these great resources of wealth to
' make them perpetual. If he shall succeed in the
I reservation of every, square mile of forest and in the
i adoption of a leasehold policy for the grazing lands,
! the renewal upon them of the' natural plants which are
¦ the b«t producers of food in beef and mutton, he
I will have accomplished for his country that which
• will be a more lasting tribute to his memory than
j many monuments of brass.
AUCTION BALES.
...
By 'nv.'.z.. 57. tri* «•• -tc Co.— T-e«i*.7. Zt^iMrr t. *» 13
9'^-jtk. Fieai Drv^t*. fcl Ca S:*rket «tr»^t.
WORDS THAT FIRED THE AFRIKANDERS
KAISER WILLIAM'S SPEECH.
Letter of Mr. F. W. Reitz, Secretary of State of the South African
Republic, to Mr.. P. J. Blignaut, Government Secretary of
the Orange Free State. . / • •-. ; _¦ T.
"I will eat my Christmas Dinner in Pretoria," said General Sir Redvers Buller to the
Prince of Wales, on leaving to take command in South Africa.
"MUDDER, VERE IS BOOLER?"
people are.tnrned to^rard business rather than poli
tics. A thousand evidences show that thrr arc getting
tired cf Bryarf and will be glad to ice him leave the
political «t2ge.
The Westminster Gazette tells a. story which illus
trates Mr. Bryan'; situation at this tine. It says:
''Mis* Jennie Lee was playing 'Jo' «a Scotland- She
*ra.» :n the midst of the long and harrowing death
scene cf poor Jo. The it2#e i;z* darkened tad th:
Hrcriight illumined the pale features of the death
strickea bey. People were sobbing all crrer the hos*t.
Suddenly, to her consternation. Miss Lee heard the
Time'ight man addressing her in a brawny Scotch
whisper, s^cibie to hall the house. 'Dee quick. Miss
Lee, dee quick,' he roared loftly; "the limelight**
gaca oct!' "
2.'r. Bryan thcrald die qcicklj. The fiseHght Is
going cut.
THE SAX FBi^CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUABY 3, 1900.
¦fro-O'-^o o m *» o »» «•» m%
When your throat and lungs ?
arc perfectly healthy you ?
needn't worry about the J
germs of consumption. They ¥
. don't attack healthy people. ?
it's the weak, debilitated, in-
1 flamed membranes that are
1 first affected. Hard coughs
1 and colds weaken your throat
1 and lungs and make con-
sumption more easy.
1 If your lungs are weak
scon's EnmisioD
fa the bat remedy you can taXe. It
1 soothes and heals and gives tone
1 and strength to these delicate mem-
branes, m £his way you can prevent
consumption. And you can cure H
also if ycu haven't had it too long.
1 Keep taWng ittata your fcngi art
strong and.yco" weight restored I
scoT4 t^ l^gg J <^^^ T^ :
6NEW DEPARTURES
IN THE ARMY
Plan of Expanding From
Within Suggested.
Srer:al r>!t?arch to The Call.
"U'ASinNGTON. Jan. 2.— Chairman Hall
of the House Committee on Military .Af
fairs e»y* pone measure of a general
cfc&racier relating to the oriraxilzatlon of
the army probably will be presented at
this session of Congress. Mr. Hull lias
cor.ferred with the War Department offi
cials ;jr!cr to the holidays for the purpose
cf rtaoJilrg as understanding of what
was needed in the way of military legis
lation, ar.d it is understood bills are being
matured for submission later. He says
present law will do as a temporary
-. : ire. but as it specifically provides
that Ike present organization of the army
sliail cease on July 1. 1301, it Is Imperative
that thSa Congress do something In the
way of army organization. He holds the
view that conditions are too unsettled In
• • ¦ ijiMppincs and elsewhere to say dett-
I •¦'!>• as to the r.umV>er of troops needed
j:i h. permanent organization, but is cocn
;. :.t ;iiere r.ever wiil be a reduction of
lfc« r<*sular army back to £>.O*X).
rhere are several general features of
army organization which Mr. Hull be
ll, yes will be embodied In such legislation
as :s tr.iicted. These Include the three
battalions formation which was a marked
aVpartu-e Inaugurated by the last act and
h&a irlven general ratisfactlon. Another
feature Is that allowing the army to "ex-
YH.H& from within" by increasing the nu
:r- riraJ strength of the companies instead
of tTtatir.g new regiments. Mr. Hull says
th's feature has proven mest beneficial,
es it pi yes an elastic organization capable
of roaJy expansion in time of need with
out addltlotial; oiUcers and an entire new
Tfct- >'^fT cn?ari!zatk>n of the army also
Is iikcjy to receive attention. Secretary
Root lavors a charge in the present sys
tem frith a view to having a "detail
t'r.ttt,"- that Is staff bureaus, recrut><?d
largely from the lino of the army. Th!a
v;^*«!ld be a marked departure, as the pres
*-:i Fa f f bureaus are almost entirely per
ti-ar.«»nt. Amor:* the military experts
t!;*r«».!« raid to l*e considerable difference
bl opinion on this point, es the German,
Prtecb and other continental military
ty*tems have permanent start orgraniza
iior.s. Great Britain is the only European
pjwer having a detail staff.
Hoitt's School
Menlo Park. California. New buildings,
new laboratories: one of the best
equipped schools for boys In California.
Nest term begins January 15. *
CALIFORNIAjrHEATERfe'
. • TTNSTINTED APPLArSE.
DOZENS OF CVRTAIN CALLS.
XleeKy the Qi" & te»t Prr-duction Ever Made by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
"WITH FLYING COLORS."
EITB.The Ore** Prison Soene. The Great Bat-
tler*-;p Scene, The Great Telephone
* e«ne. The Great Railway Hote:.
ReuM-mber, "With F".vinr Colors" will run
t~r e!r:M (&) o»ght«. ar.-J a matinee on Saturlar
atw-.oon. Next attraction Tuesday right, Jan.
i- -First -tttae In San Frs-ncieeo. the beautiful
cntaeSy cf manners. 'The Princess and the
But terfy." .
l; i t«Taratlon. "Tbe Tleart of Maryland. "
KAUFORNIA THEATER-Special
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
; MONDAY WELCOME Wedne-d.,
Evening, _ „_ Matinee.
Jan. 8* HOME. J«»- l -
Tlii: PEEIILESS DIVA,
EMMA NEVADA
A-£ Assisting Artists, Including
LOUIS BLIMNBURG, Cellist.
BELCEN PRATT. Piantet.
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORHOW.
PRICES-^3. 83. 51-
EVE3IT NIGHTrnXCEPT SUXDAT.
MATINEB BATCRDAT.
TO-NIGHT gS°
11 MORE NIGHTS
AND 2 MATINEES—
Ltebier and Company Present
BALL CAINE'S Powerful. Play. THE
Seats eelltng tor mil remaining performances. ;
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
LAST VTEEK— —
Of th» Only Puatnaier la Town.
GHIMMIE
FADDEN.
.Standing Room at All Performance*.
EECURE BEATS EARLT IN ADVANCE.
MAT! NEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MATINEE PRICES 15c. Ko. »o
•NIGHT PRICES Me. Kc.2Sc.lSo
/'•: NEXT— "MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
THE PEOPLE'S I»OPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
tiij and Joae« 6U. FEOSZ. 60UTfl 770.
A VERT JOYOUS EVENT.
TO-NICHTI
PROFESSIONAL MAI INfcE THURSDAY.
¦ SIATIXEE SATT'ni>AY. LAST TIME SAT-
URDAY NIGHT.
THE ORIGINALS.
MURRAY AND AIACK,
In Their Hilarious Farce.
FINNIGAN'S BALL!
POPULAR PRICEa
Ev^uine— lsc, 2?,e. 33c. &0e anfl 75a.
¦'• .M»t!ne« — l#c, 25c. £5c and 50c.
NEXT SUKDAY AFTERNOON— THE RENTZ-
BANTLET NOVELTY COMPANY.
CONCERTS AND BESOETS.
TWO FAREWELL. RECITALS.
• ' ' SItERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
THURSDAY and SATURDAY AFTERNOONS.
JANUARY 4th and C:h. at 1:15.
J VLADIMIR DE
PACHMANN,
•'Tn«- World's- Greatest Chopin Interpreter.
S - Sfeats .':¦ Vto, J) SO and tl 00. on tale at Sherman,
Clax& OV«. .•
.= • COMPLETE CHOPIN PROGRAMMES.
•'. . . • .ETEINWAV PIANO USED.
CHUTES ANLVZOO. Si£S?"
ELLA BURT. Coftrtlnr th« Chutes; RUTH
¦' . .-.NELTA ANJ> HER PICKANINNIES.
' '¦; ". XAJOfi XLTE, tbt Bci!le»t Actor ea Eirth.
. .' •¦ AKtV A SPLEKWD PROGRAMME.
.' T^mbrrov. THURSDAY. AMATEUR NIGHT.
: M Hung Changes Chinese Amateurs
• \ • In Rag-Time Specialties.
.. . ••:¦ ¦..":..
Bill Against Rival Mine.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 2.— The Montana
Ore Purchasing Company to-day filed its
cost bill in the Johnstown case, recently
decided in its favor and against the Bos
ton and Montana. The bill amounts to
5524.134, of which $258,373 was for develop
ment work and $21,891 for experts.
Sheepherders Indicted.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— Ten sheepherd
ers of Madera Connty were indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury to-day for tres
passing upon the Sierra Forest Reserve
with their flocks. A number of others
were previously indicted.
Drowned at Vallejo.
VALLEJO. Jan. 2.— As O3car Gruenwell
and a companion were crossing: from
Mare Island to Vallejo to-day the boat
was capsized and Gruenwell drowned. His
companion escaped.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Price, McCormick&Co.,
Members New York Stock Eschange,
70 Broadway, N.Y.
The recent decline In the stock mar-
ket has put many good Investments at
a price In reference to their income re-
turn at which they are not usually ob-
tainable. The opportunity to the In-
vestor of moderate means, who desires
to obtain a fair return upon his capital,
Is therefore evident.
We solicit the business of such In-
vestors and upon demand shall be glad
to supply them* with a list of approved
investments, and all Information in our
possession in regard to them.
"At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY". January 9, 1900,
AT IS O'CLOCK NOON, AT
Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
Downtown Investment, northeast corner
Stockton and Pacific sts. : 1-story brick build-
ing; rents *S8 per month; lot 36:9x68.
,£f ay % nworth ' |lt - flatß; eMt Blde : 112 ° and
1120 A Leaven worth st., near Sacramento; 2
flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents 510 ocr
month; 22:11x80.
By order of Savings and Loan Society, 10 ele-
gant building lots on Jackaon, I^rkin and Pa-
cific Bts.; surrounded by elegant flats; an ex-
cellent investment if improved with modern
flats.
Western Addition flats: west side; 1316 to
1315E Stelner St.. near Ellis; 6 elegant modern
flats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $127 SO per
month; 60x90.
South of Market Investment: east side; 29 to
35 Zoe et., near Bryant; front building; 2 stores
and 5 flats of a rooms and bath; also rear build-
ing containing 6 flata of 4 and 6 rooms; total
rents J9« per month.
Mission residence; west side; 842 Capp st.,
near Twenty-fourth; house 7 rooms and bath-
20x55.
Western Addition residence: east side: 1910
Baker et., near Sacramento; cottage 8 rooms
and bath: rents $25; 25:6x102:6.
• Mission cottages; northeast corner Son Jose
are.; SSI to 387 and 8514-16 Twenty-sixth et.; 6
houses of 6 and 6 rooms; rents $72 per month;
70x65.
Pacific Heights lots; south side Vallejo st.,
165 west Laffuna St.; two elegant residence;
27:6x137:6 each.
Western Addttion corner; southwest Corner
Hayes (801) and Webster sts.; house 6 rooms
and bath; rents *30: 87:6x62:6.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
WHY
Use a Welsbach Light?
Because artificial illumination,
at its best, shines through the
"Welsbach"— 3 times the light,
and the cost is just
One-half the Gas Bill.
The Genuine Gives Trade
Satisfaction. In WELSBACH
Sealed Box Boating >iark|
ALL DEALERS
Beware of Counterfeit Man'let and cheap
imitation bratt parti.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
rtris. J. ESPIO ; N«v Tirk, E. FOO9EBA * CO.
BOLD BT ALL. PRPQOISTg.
CONCLUDES THE HEARING
OF CONSPIRACY CASES
French High Court Has Not Arrived
at a Decision Regarding Guerin
and Deroulede.
PARIS. Jan. 2. — The High Court (the
Senate) concluded the hearing of the con
spiracy cases to-day with counsel's speech
in defense of M. Guerin. The court then
retired to deliberate on its Judgment. The
High Court later interrupted its delibera
tions and announced that it had decided
by a vote of 148 to 43 that M. BufTet was
guilty, with extenuating circumstances:
ft acquitted MM. Godeferay and Devcaux,
owing to the large minority in their favor,
and It acquitted MM. Sabran and De
Ramel.
The court then adjourned until to-mor
row without arriving at a decision re
specting MM. Guerin and Deroulede.
ALVISO ELECTRIC RAILWAY.
Contractors About Beady to Begin
Work on the Boad.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— Work on the Alviso
electric railway is to be commenced
within the next two weeks. This and the
harbor Improvement about to be started
by the Government at Alviso will boom
that place and also give San Jose good
water communication with all the coast
towns. The railway has secured rights of
way from all except four of the property
owners between this city and Alviso, and
in these cases condemnation suits will
probably be brought. A force of men Is to
be put to work removing trees along the
right of way. Grading will then be pro
ceeded with.
It is expected that the road will be in
operation Inside of a year. The equipment
will be an up to date electric one and
fitted for both freight and passenger busi
ness. The dredger for the harbor im-
Srovement is now in place and Contractor
IcCann will commence work this week.
Bird Convicted.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— Robert E. Bird, a
fast young man, who rented a horse from
W. C. Westlake and tried to sell it at
Santa Cruz, was to-day convicted of
grand larceny in Judge Ldrigan's court.
The jury was out but a few minutes and
the entire trial. Including the impaneling
of a Jury, occupied but three hours. Two
months ago Bird and Jesse Russell rented
two saddle horses from Westlake. Bird
went to Santa Cruz, where he tried to dis
pose of his horse. Shortly after the horse
was recovered In Watsonville, where it
had been sold, and Bird was arrested.
About the same time Russell was arrested
for renting a horse from a liveryman at
Oakland and disposing of it at Livermore.
The Badger to Be Sold.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The Board of
Naval Construction has recommended
that the steamship Badger, lately the
Yumire, shall be sold. The report of the
inspectors shows that It will coat not less
than $250,000 to put the ship into condition
for naval service, and as she cost only
$350,000 at .the beginning of the war it
was decided to recommend to the Secre
tary of the Navy that she be sold. The
ship Is at Mare Island, Cal.
Compton Jury Disagrees.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— The Compton
jury, • which was locked up on Saturday
night, being unable to agree, has been
discharged wlthont handing in a verdict.
It Is probable the charge against Charles
Compton of forgery in connection with a
deed will now be dropped, as all the wit
nesses have disappeared and he has been
tried three times, without result.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Crushed by an Elevator.
. .LOS -ANGELES. Jan 2.— Enrl Newton, a
i'-yearroJd bey, employed as elevator boy
e.r Ota Van Nuye Hotel, was instantly
Icillod this morrlng. He was on top of
l.he freight elevator when the boy in
cl-arsre lost control of it and Earl was
Wueezed to death at the top Goor. His
¦j.-krer:ts rtsido in Spok£_ne Falls, Wash.
1l — -^ D BURRIS, son of one of the wealthiest ranchowners in the vicinity of
r23r 23 Hanford, quarreled with Si Hughes over the points of a dog last
, Saturday. The quarrel led to blows, and Hughes received a sound
thrashing from Burris. The men separated. Burrls going to his home.
On New Year's day he drove into town with his wife and left her at her
mother's house. He then re-entered h ( .s carriage and drove down the street,
where he encountered Hughes. The quarrel was renewed for a few minutes,
and Burris drove away. lie had hardly whipped up his horses when Hughes
opened fire on him with a revolver, wounding him in three places. Hughes
surrendered himself to the City Marshal, and Burns was placed under the
care of a physician. Although seriously injured, it is believed that his youth
and vigorous constitution will save his life.
WEEK'S PROGRAMME IN
SENATE AND HOUSE
Probable Controversy Over Resolu
tions of Inquiry Relative to the
Treasury Department.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. -Speaker Hen
derson said to-day that no exact pro
gramme of business in the House on the
reassembling to-morrow and during the
balance of the week had been made up.
The speaker and his associates on the
rules committee expect early adjourn
ments until appropriation bills and meas
ures before other committees are ready
for action by the House.
There is some prospect of a sharp con
troversy over the consideration of resolu
tions of inquiry relative to the Treasury
Department. Several members are said
to have prepared resolutions of this char
acter, intending to claim immediate con
sideration for them as "privileged." It
is sal ' however, by those who are au
thorities on House procedure that this
"privilege" would not permit tho con
sideration of resolutions to-morrow, but
if it did they would be referred to a
committee for one week, after which they
could be called up for Immediate consid
eration.
The Senate Committee on Foreign Re
.atlons will meet to-morrow to consider
the bill providing a government for the
Hawaiian Islands. Senator Cullom, the
author of the bill, said to-day that he
hoped it would be reported soon and add
ed that as soon as possible after the ac
tion of the committee he would ask the
Senate no take the bill up for considera
tion. So far as has been made known
there is no general opposition to the bill,
though some of its features will be an
tagonized. A few Senators are urging
that the measure be amended so as to
leave the customs laws applying to the
islands as they now stand and to omit
the provision for a delegate in Congress
for the present, because of the possible
effect of this provision on tho constitu
tion in the interest of Puerto Rico and
posslL.y in the interest of the Philippines,
to say nothing of Cuba.
PETER S. WILKES DEAD.
Was Once a Member of the Confeder-
ate Congress.
STOCKTON, Jan. 2.-Peter S. Wilkes,
the attorney, once a member of the Con
federate Congress, died at his home this
forenoon^ after a lingering chronic ill
ness. The deceased was in his seventy
fourth year.
He was born In Tennessee.' and removed
to Missouri, where he graduated from a
university in 1852. A week afterward he
was elected to the State Legislature.
When the civil war broke out Mr. Wilkes,
who was an active Southerner, induced a
great many of his acquaintances to enlist
in the Southern army. To avoid suspicion
of personal ambition, he declared that he
would never accept an office in the army,
but would remain a private with the com
rades he had induced to Join. He was
generally known as "colonel" during his
later years, but had never held tho title.
During the last year of the war Mr.
Wilkes was elected to the Confederate
Congress. At the close of hostilities he
fled to Mazatlan, Mexico, where he re
mained until about twenty-five years ago,
when he came to this city. Subsequently
he returned to Missouri and there'mar
ried. A widow survives him. The
deceased acquired considerable money
through his marriage, but it was lost In
the Tully financial collapse, which
wrecked so many persons in this city a
number of years ago.
A Prosperous Bank.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 2.— The stock
holders of the Andrews Banking Com
pany of this city at their annual meeting
held here to-day elected the following di
rectors: J. P. Andrews, San Luis Obispo;
Timothy Murphy. Cayucos; Henry Rosso.
Arroyo Grande; George H. Andrews «nd
D. M. Meredith. San Luis Obispo. The
directors organized by the re-election of
J. P. Andrews as president and D. M.
Meredith as cashier.. A semi-annual divi
dend of 5 per cent was declared. The
total assets are $200,000 more than last
year. Increase of deposits and Increased
prosperity among farmers is assigned as
the cause of the showing.
Death of Mrs. Anna Palmer.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 2.— Mrs. Anna
Palmer, for many years principal of Wolfe
Hall, a church school for girls, and one
of the moat celebrated women in the
State, died this morning. Miss Brown,
organist of the Cathedral Mission in San
'Francisco, is a sister of the deceased.
EOMDSMEN SEIZE A
COURT CLERK'S OFFICE
Rumor of a Big Shortage in Omaha
Denied by Oommis
sioners.
OMAHA. Jan. 2. — There was somewhat
of a sensation In the courthouse this even
ing, when the official bondsmen of Albyn
Frank, clerk of the District Court, for
mally took possession of the office, in the
absence of Frank on a visit to his old
home In Falls City.
There ware consequent rumors of a big
shortage, but the commissioners say their
action was due to the fact that Prank's
term expires to-morrow and the new law
changing the emolument of the clerk from
fee office to salary had been challenged
by Frank, who holds that under the con
stitution hie official income cannot be cut
during his term of office. Hence there is
likely to be a legal squabble over the
possession of the funds collected since
July.
homes In which this same lesson might
be repeated daily. .
A . Book 'of Accounts.
Girls will find tt to their advantage to
keep personal accounts; a careful record
of their receipts and expenses. This may
be -done in a simple way and •without any
attempt at bookkeeping, as this subject
is ordinarily understood. It is interesting:
to know at the end of the year the total
money spent for hats or gowns or on the
summer vacation, and to balance these
items up against the money spent for
charity "or the sum contributed to the
fresh air fuml or the items for Christmas
gifts. This does not mean that one's life
is to be measured by a dollar ami cent
rule. It may dull one's sentiment to par
cel out a $10 bill into shoes and rtbbona
and poor fund and Christmas gift. At the
same tjme the business method is the only
safe method; it is the only method which
will keep girls from a constant condition
of insolvency. •¦ It is very poor sentiment
which borrows a dollar to give it to char
ity. : '
' It is not necessary tn ?av how tVa book
of accounts should be kept. No two girls
could pfissihly keep such records in tha
same way. '
How to Write a Receipt.
A receipt Is the written acknowledgment
of . money or other, value received. It
should state for what the value was re
ceived, whether on account Or in full ac
.count, or for some particular purpose. All
receipts should be dated and the signa
ture should be authoritative. If. for in
stance, you owe Walter W. Smith & Co.
: Received from itr?. Helen Brown ":
: tho sum of ten dollars (flO> on ac- :
: count. M. J. ANDERSON. :
" : Dec. ".- IS9O. ' :
$15 and they send their clerk. Henry Ad
ams, to collect the bill you should require
: ¦ payment. *;
: WALTER W. SMITH & CO.. :
"• _ per Henry Adams. :
that the bill ; be receipted In some such
form as this. You mu3"t satisfy yourself
that Henry Adams is in the employ of
Walter W. Smith & Co.. or that he has
been authorized by them to collect the
bill. In no case should money be paid to
entire; strangers without some assurance
of their business connection. When money
la paW on- an account It is taken as evi
dence the account is considered correct.
If an error or an overcharge is discov
ered In a bill it shouHJ be returned for
correction before any payment Is mad?
A receipt In full of all demands Is evi
dence of a compromise and mutual settle,
ment of all claims between the parties.
All receipts and receipted bills should ba
carefully preserved, not forever, of course
but for a year or two. Do not trust too
much to memory in matters In which
money is concerned. Give receipts and
require them and enter the records la
your own private account book.
- — -¦ •
Note— These studies will be continued
next week. . ¦ . .
ED BURRIS, WHO WAS
WOUNDED BY SI HUGHES
V. PERSONAL ACCOT7NTS AND
. MONEY AFFAIRS.. -
The Need of Proper Training. •
Girls should be taught business— all
girls. By business we do not necessarily
mean the mechanism of banking or the
causes of stock fluctuations or foreign ex
changes, or the . production, transporta
tion and marketing of products. Every
thing nowadays has in It the element of
business. The business training most
needed by girls Is of a more fundamental
character — training in promptness and or
der, in making receipts and expenses har
monize, in anticipating financial contin
gencies, in ordinary business customs and
usages. In the common formalities of law
and in carrying a purse.
Much of this cannot be taught by lec^
tiires. Lectures, as a rule, only aggra
vate the conditions. So long as society
onlers that the purse shall be -carried in
the left hand with palm upward, thumb
on clasp and flbow gracefully curved at
an angle of 100 degTees. leaving the right 1
hand wholly free to attend to the various
other duties for which two hands were
originally ordained, just so long will trol
ley, railway and other public Information
bureaus be required to keep fully
equipped lost and found departments for
the return of purses.
Girls ought to know how to write a re
ceipt, how to make out a check, the
wording of a promissory note and Its le
gal significance and such other business
f firms as are of e very-day use. These
things may not have in them the same
element of culture that is to' be found in
Dante's "Divine Comedy" or in Brown
inß's "Dramatic Idylls." 'and their study
is in no danger of becoming a fad, but an
intelligent grasp, of these business afTairs
will give girls a self-confidence which
may help thorn over many discouraging
and embarrassing situations. .
The Usa of Money.
Girls who -are not earning salary or
wages in outside employment should have
a definite weekly or monthly allowance.
It is taken for granted, of course, that
they earn this at home. Idleness should
never be rewarded or paid for by the
month. In matters of this kind- boys and
girls should be on precisely the same
footing. . To work hard, to Improve every
moment, to economize, to avoid debt—
these are the only sure steps to a com
fortable old age. Girls should be taught
to feel that the allowance money is their
very own; that they have earned it, and
that in spending it they are spending the
returns for their own labor. To get $10
from "papa" to buy him a Christmas
present is not an evidence of sympathy
between capital and labor. The Great
Teacher taught the needful lesson of
economy by asking that the fragments of
loaves and fishes be gathered that noth
ing be lost. There are thousands of
REWARDS FOR
NAVAL OEFICERS
President McKinley's
Recommendations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.-The President
has again taken up the question of re
warding the naval officers who partici
pated In the destruction of Cervera's
fleet off Santiago, and his final conclu
sions will be embodied shortly in recom
mendations to Congress, either in the
form of a renewal of the advancement of
Rear Admiral Sampson and the officers
under him by numbers, with perhap3
some modifications— tho ?cheme which the
Senate refused to ratify last spring— or
according to some ether method. The
Secretary of the Navy in his report rec
ommended a^ an alternative proposition
legislation on the. line of the bill intro
duced last spring (Senate Bill 5005), which
provides for three classes of medals— one
tor conspicuous conduct in war, one fpr
extraordinary heroism and one for gen
eral meritorious service, tho tlrst to carry
with it a percentage of increase of pay,
based upon the ranit of the recipient ana
calculated to take the place of the in
crease, which would be the result of pro
motion were that the form of reward
given. Kither method would contemplate
in addition the thanks of Congress to the
commander in chief cf the North Atlantic
squadron and the officers and men under
his command, as they were given to the
cpmmander in chief of tho Asiatic squad
ron and the officers and men under his
command. There also has been a sug
gestion for the creation of the grade of
vice admiral for the benefit of Rear Ad
mirals Sampson and Sehley.
Ab a result of the Sampson-Schley con
troversy the reward of all the subordin
ate efflcers in the North Atlantic squad
ron has been blocked up to this time, and
it is the urgent desire of both the Presi
dent and Secretary Long that justice be
done to them and that they obtain the re
wards which they have earned.
Preliminary to a decision on his course
of action, the President and Secretary
Long to-day had a consultation with eight
of the Santiago captains at the White
House. The naval officers present v/ere:
Chadwick of the New York, Cook of the
Brooklyn. Clark of the Oregon, Philip
(now rear admiral) of the Texas, Evans
of the lowa, Hlgginson (now rear ad
miral) of the Massachusetts, Folger of the
New Orleans and Lieutenant Commander
Wainwright of the Gloucester. Rear Ad
miral Sampson was not present.
These commanding officers were espe
cially invited by the President, who desir
ed to hear from their own lips the story
of the battle of Santiago, the ' general
movements and difficulties of the cam
paign, including the cruise of the flying
squadron in search of Cervera's fleet and
their own ideas as to the method of con
ferring the rewards. For two hours the
captains talked with the President, who
manifested keen interest in their personal
accounts of the stirring events off the
south coast of Cuba. Some of the con
troverted questions were gone into at
length.
The consensus of opinion of the naval
officers as developed at the conference
seemed to favor the method of reward
recommended by Secretary Long— the
conferring of medals which would carry
with them a percentage of increase of pay
in lieu of advancement by numbers. This
would compensate for actual promotion
both by giving increased pay and by giv
ing to the recipients distinction which
would mark them for future service. •
At the same time, 'in some cases, it
would work hardship; as for instance in
the case of Captain Clark. Despite the
heroic service in bringing the Oregon
around the Horn In such marvelous style
and the gallant services of the Oregon
in the Santiago fight, Captain Clark to
day is two numbers below his position at
the openinf of the war. This is due to
the advancement of the Manila captains
whose promotions v/ere confirmed by the
Senate. Captain Clark, at the conference
to-day, however, was willing that Secre
tary Longs plan should be adopted in or
der that Justice might be done to the
others.
The President, shortly after the recon
vening of Congress to-morrow, will trans
mit his recommendations. It is not im
probable that in doing so he will accom
pany them by a special message, calling
attention to the grave Injustice which has
been done to the commander In chief, of
ficers and men of the North Atlantic
squadron In so long withholding from
them the rewards to which their gallant
service entitles them.
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS-MONEY AFFAIRS
Copyright, 1809, by Seymour Eaton.
MINORITY REPORT
IN ROBERTS CASE
Objection to Proposed
Procedure.
Scectal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2 —The report of
the committee of the House of Repre
sentatives which is investigating the case
of Roberts of Utah will be made
after Congress reassembles, and there is
reason to believe the majority report will
recommend that Roberts be excluded from
the lioure and be not permitted under his
credentials to exercise any prima facie
right to being sworn in. Whether the re
port will be unanimous Is open to doubt,
ns three of the members of the commit
tee are not counted on as positively favor
able to the course* indicated, and this muy
result in the submission of a minority re
port. The minority view, if submitted,
probably will deal with the prima facie
right to be sworn In on credentials which
are regular, and will recommend that
Roberts be 6worn in and thereafter ex
pelled.
The committee will resume Its hearing
on Thursday at 11 o'clock. The testimony
is closed, however. Chairman Tayler of
Ohio having learned that the remaining
witnesses in Utah will not come on.
It is expected therefore that Thursday
will be given to Roberts for his argument
A vote is likely to be taken the latter
part of the week. The chairman, it la ex
pected, will be authorized to draw the re
port and present it to the House.
Tayler and McPherson of the commit
tee were in conference to-day examining
law books and precedents, with a view to
the preparation of the committee's report
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1800, b 7 Seymour Eaton.
IV. EASY MECHANICAL DRAW- j
' ing. v- ¦:¦"-: i
Note— This course, confined as It will be to six
leeaons, cannot do more than present the funda
mental principles of "flat" drawing and help
beginners to become accustomed to the use of
the ordinary drawing Instruments. Even the
merest rudiments should be of large service to
young men engaged In the mechanical trades
¦where working drawings are constantly needed.
Lesson No. 1.
Students should provide themselves with
a good ruling pen, good pencils, a com
pass for making ink lines, and a good flat
ruler. A T square, triangles, dividers, a
drawing board, thumb tacks, etc.. will not
be necessary for these simple lessons.
All complex drawings should be made in
pencil before Inking. The pencil lines
should be made fine and light with a hard
pencil, so as to be easily erased or inked
over. To erase strong pencil marks re
quires hard rubbing, which destroys the
surface of the paper. All pencilings
should be done carefully to avoid con
fusion in Inking.
The compass should have both pen and
pencil attachments. The legs should be
bent at the Joints until the lower extrem
ities are parallel or nearly so. The
weight of the compass is sufficient to
cause the ink to flow freely. .
The drawing pen Is filled by dropping
the ink between the nibs while held in a
nearly vertical position. The pen can be
used with a straight edge ruler; the taper
to the points Is sufficient to throw it far
enough away from the edge to prevent
blotting. The breadth of the line is regu
lated by adjusting the screw. If the pen
is not in use, even for a short time, be sure
to take out the ink with a blotter and
dry the pen thoroughly. The nibs should
be kept perfectly bright and clean. The
liquid India ink which comes in bottles is
now generally used.
The exercise 9 in this lesson are intended
to afford practice In the use of the draw
ing pen. Figure 1 shows the method of
holding the pen. The pen is held between
tho thumb and two forefingers, and car
ried along the ruler from left to right,
with the flat blades always parallel to
the direction of the line; otherwise the
pen will either be running on the edge of
one blade only, or in such a position that
the Ink cannot flow freely from its points.
The result In either case will be a broken
or ragged line. Figure 2 shows parallel
lines of differing strength or breadth. In
simple work of this character the lines
need not be penciled first, except the orig
inal rectangles. *
? £ 11 5 uro 3 Jf lyes Practice In drawing dot
ted lines. Such lines are necessary in all
kinds of working drawings. The more im
portant ones should be first drawn wltb.
pencil.
Figure 4 gives an Illustration of croesed
lines The student must be careful In
crossing lines, that the first lines are per
fectly dry before the crossing lines are
drawn. It is well to try your pen upon
a separate piece of paper before apply-
Si k /?, the dr » w »ns. The exercise*
which follow will afford excellent practice
In careful measurements and in the usa
of the drawing pen:
. I ,,P r . aw ,_ a B( l Har » each edge of which
is Vfa Inches.
Note-To draw a «quar« it is necessary to
have what draughtsmen call a trtangre. This
in simply a ruler of the shape shown la the next
drawing. ¦ •
2. TJ>raw a triangle similar to the Illus
tration, but- without the circle. Dot the
surface so as" to shade it aa evenly aa
possible.
3. Make a rectangle 3 Inches by 2 Inches
and lay it off in half-Inch. squares. Sharta
three of the squares by parallel lines and
two of them entirely black.
4. Make a sketch map of a township:
make It represent six miles square and
divide it with very light lines Into square
miles. Show a railway- by a slotted line
and shade a portion representing five sec
tions, r. ', •••;• :¦-•¦•¦ ~.
5. Make a copy of this ¦ drawing on a
scale four times as large.
Note—A second lesson In drawing "win
be presented next week.
Courses of Instruction.
Autumn-Winter Term. 1599-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular Stud
ies in Shakespeare. Tuesdays: Th*
"World's Great Artists. Wednesdays:
Desk Studies for Girls and Shoo and
Trade Studies for Boys. Fridays: Great
American Statesmen. Saturdays: Homo
Science and Household Economy. Theso
courses will continue until February 13.
1900. Examinations will be held at tfctlr
close as a basis for the graaUns or, cm.
tiflcatea, — — -*• ¦»»
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
JTST THE PLACE ON A RAINT NIGHT!
COME YOURSELF AND BRTNO THH
CHILDREN TO
THE GORGEOUS HOLIDAY
EXTRAVAGANZA,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
EVERT ETENTXT3 AND BATTJRDAT
MATINEE.
BEATS SELLTNO ONE WEEK AHEAD.
POPULAR PRICES 26 AND E0 CISS'I'S
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
MATTXEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAT), JAN. 8.
Parquet, 25c, any Beat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
A NEW YEAR'S VAUDEVILLE FEAST.
EVERY ACT A HIT.
BILLY RICE and H. W. FRTLLMAN; THE
ROSINOS; DOROTHY DREW; DOUGLAS
AND FORD;
FOUGERE
THORNE AND CARLETON: LA BYLPHE;
THE AVERYB; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
PLAYING TO CAPACITY.
A KITTING HOLIDAY ENTERTAINMENT
FOR LADIES AND CHILDREN.
AT 8 O" CLOCK SHARP.
....SINBAD....
EVERYTHING UP TO DATE.
NEW SONGS. NEW JOKES. NEW SPECIAL-
TIES.
SAN JOBS NIGHT. SATURDAY EVENING
NEXT.
APPROPRIATE SONGS AND WITTICISMS.
PRICES 25c, COo, 750.
GALLERIES 100 and 150. .
SATURDAY MATINEB 280 and 60c
Branch Ticket Offlc«, Emporium.
OLYMFIA cfo^SSs*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
A NEW YEARS GREETING BILL.
OLLIE AND BERT LA MONT,
The Great Society Equilibrists and Acrobats.
KUBE AND FRANK .SHIELDS,
The World's Greatest Trick Cyclists.
CHANDLER AND McPHERSON.
The Prl«e Duptlrts of th« Whole World.
CAD WILSON,
The Girl With the Golden Belt.
And a Host of Flrat-Claas Vaudeville Star*
j A tib',666* belt*,' buii't en'tlreiy of' " * j
t nuggets dug from the Klondike j
I crravei by Cad Wilson, can be :
f seen in the window of the Bald- I
¦ t win Jewelry Store, SU-Ut Mar- :
ket Btreet. ...........f
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
RATES REDUCED !
THE GREAT HISTORIC PANORAMA.
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY,
MARKET ST., NEAR EIGHTH.
Will soon be taken t<t the Paris Exhibition. Un-
til that time the admission Is reduced to
25 CENTS. CHILDREN 10c.
See the entry of the American ships during
the night, the destruction of the Spanish fleet
and the charge of the First California Volun-
teers.
Open from 3 a. m. to 10 p. m.
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. l-», 1900, Inclusive.
Blx high-class running races every week-day.
rain or shine, beginning at l:S0 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad can Into
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably bouced In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Train* leave Third and Townsend streets at
t-00 10:40 and U:>o a. m.. and 12:15, 12:35, 12:50
and' 1:25 P. >&•• returning Immediately after
last race tt 4:4S p. m. Rear can reserved
for women and thetr e«corts. No smoking.
Valencia street 10 minutes later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 s>. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:43 D. m.
Ratei: San Francisco to Tnntomn and re-
turn. Including admission to track, Jl ts.
W. J. MARTIN, President.
F. H. GREEN, Becretary and Manager.
7of the advance and listened to cover. The
money rate ran down .lat»r-ln the day to * per
cent and the tone of etotks became buoyant.
The most, striking sains. .* and ' the gTeatett-
Bxtlvlty were pbbwn.ln the 'lndustrials, cf which
Sugar was the leader! IrAn and steel,' e«re
e'.ally tt» eorcmen. -were also -In drmand at
ftdva&cl&r rrtct* and tie ttreegth tv.-ead to
Business In securities was quiet In the morn
ing, and values- were weak as a rule. Gaa and
Electric waa lower at $50©50 23. Honokaa, at
$31 75. Paauhau at $29 75529 374 and Contra
Costa Water at J75 50.
In the afternoon Paauhau was weaker at $23.
Makawell sold at $44 50.
The dividend of the Oceania Steamship Com
pany was paid yesterday at the rate of JOe per
share, or $12,500.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGES.
TUESDAY. Jan. 2—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U B Bonds— Cent L & P — 6
4s quar coup.. — — Equit G L Co. 5 5H
43 quar reg... — 1144 ' Mutual El Co. 14 14 T ,
4s quar new... — — OG L & H.... 42H —
ta quar c0up.. 1094— I Pac Gas Imp.. — 43
Miscellaneous— | Pac Light Co.— 41
Cal-st Cab 55. .113*4 — IS FG & E.... 49 7 4 504
C C Wat 55....1C5 107 San Francisco. 3\ i
Ed L& P 65.. 130 — ' Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 — Insurance —
Geary-Bt R se. — *5 FirenVs Fund. — 230
H C & S 54c. .112 — Bank Stocks—
HC & S 65....1064 — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63
L A Ry 5s — 1044 Bank of Ca1.. .4024 —
LAL Co 5c.. — — K"al S D & T.. — —
do pntd 65... — — First Nation!.. 2so —
do gntd 55... — 102 Lnn P& A 131 132H
LA& P R ss. — 102H| Merchants' Ex — IS
Market-st 65... — 127 jNev Nat 8k. .. — 190
do Ist m 55... 116 11" j Savlnss Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — — |Ger S & L....1750 _
N Rof Cal 6s. — — Hum R & L...1050 1163
N Rof Cal 5». — 1124'Mut Say Bk.. 30 43
NPC R R 6s. — 101 JS F Say U.... £00 —
NPC R R 55. 105^4 — Say & L 50... — go
N C R R 55... 109 — Sec Say 8k... — 310
OGL & II 53.10S — Union T Co. ..1400 1440
Oak Tran 65... — — Sareot Rallroada—
Oak AY Co 55. .105 — ICalifornia — 120
Ocean S S 55.. — 105 ;Geary-i>t 50 —
Om C Ry 69... — 126H,Market-st Ry.. 63 81
P&CI Ry 65..10J'4 — IOSLfcH..,.- 50
Pk &. ORy 6s. — — jPresidio 20 —
Powell-st tt fis. — 121 Powder Stocks
Sac El G &Rss — — California 160 175
SF & N P Ss.mH — E Dynamite... S5 —
SF & SJV 55. 114^ — Giant Con Co.. J3»; 84Vi
SRy of Cal 6s.lOSVi — Vigorit ji* 33J
S P of A 65. ...110 — Sugar—
SP C 65(1905).1ftS UO Hana PCo 7qt ?t 4
SP C 65(19C6).Ul — Haw Ci 9 Co 87U 89
S P C 65<1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 31»i —
SPCIs cc ss. — — Hutch S P Co. 26V —
SPPr 6s — 124 Kllaura S Co.. M 22H
S V Wat 65....113H — Makawell SCo 41 uil
S V Wat 45.... 102*» 103 4 Onomea SCo . 23S «i
S V W4«<3dm).lol — Paauhau SCo 23 —
Stcktn Gas 65.101 105 Miscellaneous—
rtater Stocks— Al Pack A?sn.ll7W —
Contra Costa— 73*» 78 i Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
llarin County.. 50 — 'Oceanic S Co.. 93' i 94
Spring Valley. 92H 92U' Pac A F A.... 1H 2'i
Gas & Electric— ; Pac C Bor C 0. .145 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — ' Par Paint Co.. 914 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Coeta Water 75 50
100 Honokaa 31 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 94 no
30 Paauhau S P Co 29 73
200 Paauhau S P Co 29 50 ,
10 Paauhau S P Co 23 624
25 Paauhau S P Co 29 374
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 11 90 60 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 50 mi
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. a 90 50 25
10 S V Water, cash , 92 50
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
80 Contra Conta Water 75 50
10 Gient Powder Con 94 00
60 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 88 00
100 Honokaa S Co 31 87H
10 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 27 00
15 Makawell .. 44 50
10 Oceanic. S S Co 94 00
345 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
15 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 80 25
135 S F Gas & Electric Ct> 50 mi
JO3 6 F Gas & Electrio Co 60 CO
10 S F Gaslight 3 75
t 100 .Vigorit Powder 123
Continued oa ?»£» Eleven.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— The quietude of the
holidays was broken to-day in the wheat pit
and the firmness which characterized that
cereal, derplte the dullness of the festal week,
was turned to decided strength to-day by an
imposing array of bullish news and statistics.
May opened V»c over Saturday at 63V4@69%c,
principally because of the strength of Liver
pool, the English grain center being Influenced
by a decrease In stocks and in the amount on
passaße. Trade early was rather light, but
became more active later aB the demand from
tho outside increased. Foreigners were good
buyers and commlsflon houses had large orders
from outside. Bhorts and some others saw
reason for buying .in sympathy with the
strength of the provision market. The an
nouncement of the decrease In the visible sup
ply gave more Impetus to the upward tendency
of the market which already was over the
call ' figure. May ascended to 70H@70%c and
closed strong at over Saturday, at 7O'/4c.
Corn was strong, sympathizing with both the
wheat and the provision markets and sup
ported by independent news. Confldenc« in the
Lull position was bolstered by continued- light
receipts and small country acceptances despite
the good weather for movement. May closed
J,c over Saturday at 33',i<g33%e.
Oats were dull but firm In sympathy with
other grains. May closed %®\ic over Satur
day at 24c.
TO SAIL.
Excliange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 82^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS«i
Sterling Cables — 4 S9<4
New York Exchange, sight — 12Vfr
New York Exchange, teiegraphio — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — SSTi
Mexican Dollars — 4SV4
Wheat and Other Grains
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The list of vessels In
port has been considerably Increased by the
arrival of chartered ships. The spot market
is dull and nominal at SJs'jJSfis 3d, usual op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 43,344, against 14,130
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
6178 tons, against 82,150; on the way to this
port, 157.H0 tons, against 136,400.
WHEAT— The new year opened on a quiet
market. Futures were firmer, but spot prices
were unchanged. It was a holiday. at Paris,
and almost one at Liverpool, and there was
not much business anywhere.
I Liverpool advanced Ud. Chicago reported a
firmer market on better foreign advices. " a
decrease of 580,000 bushels In the visible sup
ply and increasing famine In India. The. de
mand was moderate, but heavy Inside buying
was reported. Speculation seemed to be Im
proving all around, with provisions leading
Corn looked higher, though the movement was
disappointing in view of a sharp advance In
countryprlees.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%£93»ic; milling, |1
©1 024.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
Jjg.ooo ctls. |1 lOjj; 2000. |l 10ft; '2000, |1 10ft»
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
NCWYCEK, Jan: 3— The strength- de-peloped
ta to-day> stoelt ir.arket. in t&e ijegree to which
It extended, vm a s"jri>r:f<e to traders. Last
T-.-e«k°fl very conS!AeraMe -advance -in prices j
ofler<"i inviting j.-rofits. and '.t was expected that ]
*Kllr.* on thlp "accoua*. -'»ouH he- sufficient to'!
feed the a»w demand-. TTie selling to take-J
profits In the tfrst hour of-the irafl!ng was in j
fart en a very -laxg* tcaie, tharp advances at
ttif ope-lnc helpl:ig" along the Last.
week* jxrslstent. demand a^d the largfc gains
In Drices were., ra^adix In. Wa!J' street' eye*-,
8.T.& the professional traders were very persist
ent In. selling tbe -niErket ¦ on . any • advanca.
Tblc elerr.er.f wjb Tratch/ul to-day for any fc ji
perturiity to »wo-jp 'Si< <n :he marKet and break
trices to' a point arfwhich th."V coulj' l.uy in' at
t profit. "kVhen Iha-'proflt trfking became mani
fest they rr.atc a vigorous attaoi.. on Brooklyn
Tranfit. fcrc:n« -IV down -over- 3 po!at«'and
brlnKinr the" Vise if.' the general market in .a
halt. So far tlie 'course of tlie market was
about a» liad be<?n exr>ectrd. Tfce tone of the
money market Was firm at -tba. opening anl
tl# ijemajid Incident to the active speculation
in stocks rushed the money rat* -up to 11 per
cent <*.urtnr '.he- day. • Tiius. 'all -things seemed
to confirm tlie ej^eptafions of the- reactionists,
vrho. howewr, failed entirely .to properly gauge
the o«»:*We derfand fo.r 6tock». This abeefbed
the sales to take ' i/rofit» aiid then rrocee-led
to swalluw up all other offerings availabie. The
bear party became «.:arrne<J;at tr>* proportions
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, Jan. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts. 19.
6.0 barrels; exports, 24,912 barrels; held abov<
buyers. There was a disposition near the clos*.
owing to the strength In wheat, to sell. Minne
sota patents, $3 £554 10; Minnesota bakers',
J2 85(53 10; winter patents, $3 60^3 75; winter
straits, $3 WQZ 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, E6.C00 bushels exports.
135.3U2 bushels; spot firm. No. 2 red. 75}ic f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, "OTjc f.
o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth. 8240
f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 2 red, 73% c elevator.
Options open<M firmer, He advance on higher
cables and the strength in provisions. Later
the market was influenced by liberal decrease's
in the American end English visible, higher
provision price and lighter offerings, so that
after a steady advance all the • afternoon the
close was strong at 1 / - i ? fi%c net advance.
March. 76SJ76UC. closed 76Vc; May, 75 1-16/8
7u s'bC,5 'bC, clop*.! 75 l i s c: July, 754-gT54c. closed 754 c
METALS— In metals the new year opened
with the outlook for renewed actlvltyand price
improvement quite encouraging. This was par
ticularly true of tin and I?ad, which ruled
firmer on Increased <lemand f:om outside mar
kets. While quiet, the other departments were
fairly steads- and active. The Metal Exchange
called:
I'lGlRON— "Warrants, quiet.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 50.
TlN— Quiet and firm at $25 50*325 80. ¦•
LEAl>— Steady at $1 70<i?4 75. The brokers'
price for copper Is 16%'d164c and for lead $4 45.
SPELTER— Quiet at $4 50Q4 60.
WOOL— Market quiet. Domestic fleece, 11@
16c; Texas. 14<il7c.
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice 1898
crop. 6c; ISHB crop. 7<39c; 1559 crop, 121214 c.
Paciflc Coast, 1596 crop, 4@6c; IS9S crop, 7ff3c;
1899 crop, 12i©14e. ..¦:-.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady with prices
unchanged to 5 points higher. Total sales,
16,250 bags. Including: January. $6 15; March,.
J5 3n<??6 35; April, td 40; May, f6 40®6 45; July,
$6 45«;t" .'.5; September, $6 60; October, $6 65;
November, $6 &><a* 70; December, $6 75. Spot
firm; No. 7 invoice. 7Hc; No. 7 jobbing, 7%c.
Mild. 'firmer: Cordova. B«i'l24c.
SUGAR— Raw, .firm, held higher. Refined,
steady; prices revised to actual selling basis,
rebates being discarded; mold A. 5.20 c; stand
ard A. 4.75p; confectioners' A, 4.73 c; cut loaf,
6.35 c -; crushed, 5.35 c; powdered, 5.05 c; granu
lated. 4.95 c; cubes. 5.10 c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7063 packages; market
stronjr. Western creamery, 23-g'23c; June cream
ery. 22"?2G4c.
EGGS — Receipts, 6610 packages; market firm.
Western ungraded at mark, 15SJ22c; Westerns,
24c loss off.
DRIED FRUITS
EVAFORATKD APPLES— Quiet, but firm
on a moderate demand and Kood country ad
vices. California fruits quiet.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
Cfi6%c: prime, 6%@7c; choice, <%@SHc; fancy,
S4fi9a
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-34<38c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13<Z?15c; Moorpark, 151J1SC.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@22c; unpeeled, 74@10c.
ether lnduitrials. At the earn* time there was
«. coafUent and well-distributed demand for
railroad stocks. The Granger* showed the
lante»t advances owlnj to the rebovnd of th»
(act week 1 * weakness, due to the St. Paul and
Burlington statements of earnings, and th«
trunk lines, including Baltimore lend Ohio, Nor
folk and Western and the great trunk lines
were «11 notably strong. So were the central
traffic lines, such as Pittsburg, Cincinnati, Chl-
CBg-o and St. Louis. Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chi
caca ar.d St. Loul» and the Lake Erie and
We*terr. ttocks. Chesapeake and Ohio failed
to respond.
The striking declines In discount rates abroad
aroused s >me conftdenc^ that the export move
ment of gold will not extend much further,
thouirh the financing of the South African war
exiieudltures must be reckoned with and may
have been th* motive of the strenuous efforts
that have l*een making to brlnjc about easier
conditions in the London money market. As
for the domestic situation the movement of
money has evidently turned In favor of New
York. New York o-xchance at Boston went to
a taajv premium to-day. An accepted author
ity estimates that the total disbursements for
January tills year, taking Into account securi
ties of Kinks insurance companies and eucli,
win foot up *is'>.o«\<yw.
There were sutficlent points of weakness In
the bond market to give an Irregular appear
ance, although the general tone was strone.
Total Fales par. value, $1,253.0). United States
3's Jecllned J » in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
17J42* Atchison prefd 62>» j
10,675 Baltimore *i Ohio 584
300 Canadian Pacific '. ii 1 --"* j
325 Canada Southern 49
6,540 Chesapeake & Ohio 3Ui j
2.!wi» Chicago Great Western ]2;» 1 '
26.560 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 1244 '
2.3i'tj Chicago, lnd & Louisville 17
Chicago, lnd A: l,ouisvil!e prefd 48
Chicago & Eastern Illinois K9
1.000 Chicago & Northwestern 163
4.312 Ch!caco, i'.ix-k Island & Pacltlc lu*f
fc,74'j CCC 4 St Jvouls 63^i !
1.425 Colorado Southern 5U I
ltx) Colorado Southern Ist prefd 42
150 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 154
950 Delaware & Hudson JISVs
6JO Delaware. Lack & Western 173
....... Denver & Riu Grande 1%%.
660 Denver & Kio Grande prefd 71**
Erie "4
410 Erie Ist prefd 334j
l,£"t> tlreat Northern prefd 3744 I
200 Hocking Coal 1«4 I
340 Hocking Valley 32
160 Illinois Central 1124 j
lowa Central ...".. l^V* 1
310 lowa Central prefJ 504 !
100 Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf BVi
3.750 Lake Erie & Western 26
2,070 I^ake Erie & Western prefd 844
Lake Fhore 197
HO*) Louisville & Nashville- '. 82
1ft.27.) Manhattan Elevated 98 j
7.475 Sletrotjolitan Street Railway 177
2.132 Mexican Central 12' i i
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 6QU
....... Mlnneai>oliE & St Louisprefd 00
10,650 Missouri Pacific 42", |
2>« Mobile & Ohio 394
....... Missouri. Kansas &. Texas 104 \
12.1f>0 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... M v t j
1.010 New Jersey Central 119
t>.3"o New York Central 132*; I
«.t^i Norfolk & Western 234 I
2,087 Norfolk & Western prefd 70«^ \
S.OSS Northern Pacific :>i% |
2.035 Northern Pacific prefd 74", |
6,764 OniArio & Western "2'% >
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42 I
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76 j
6.24-) Pennsylvania 131^i
1.000 Reading IS}*
8.500 Reading Ist rrefd 54
600 Heading 2<i prtfd 29
Rio <Irande Western 35
Rio Grande Western prefd SI
100 Ht Louis & Pan Francisco 9^
St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 66
SOQ Ft l»uls & Pan Francisco 2d prefd. 324
COO' Ft Louis, Southwestern 10H
rl,fi«O Ft Louis, Southwestern prefd 26
12.47<> St Paul n»'i
470 St Paul prefd 1724
' st Pa'iJ & Omaha 120
27.43^ So-ithem Par-iflc Z v \
: 2.W) Southern Jlr.'.'.way • 11 7 »
8 '{<i Southern Railway prefd 5-i4
3..«K) Texa? & Parific lG'.i
23.C80 Union Pacific 4?4
• 8.42S Union Pacific prefd 75*1
2M Wftbaeh 7%
2 600 Wabash prefd - 11%
2.720 Wheeling &r L E IOVi
• 1.42S Wheeling & L E 2d prefd ISH
L 75 Wlfconyln Central IS4
Express Comi'anles — H?a9
Adams 11l
American 142
United States 45
....... Wells Fargo 117 |
Miscellaneous —
1.425 American Cotton Oil 33% I
American Cotton Oil rrefd 92
200 American Malting 74
*)0 American Malting prefd 314 i
1,830 American Smelting & Ref 37H
860 American Smelting & Ref prefd 874
American Spirits 3
American Spirits prefd 17
1.W.0 American Steel Hoop 434
400 American Steel Hoop prefd S2
27,054 American Hte»! & Wire 49 7 «
1.450 American Steel & Wire prefd 91
2. 150 American Tin Plate 32
2<<o Am<Tl-an Tin- Plate pr»fd S2
.26.770- American Tnhacco 102%
American Tobnrco prefd .-135 i
2.1^ Anaror.da Mining -Co 4<»4
44.210 P.rooklyn Rapll Transit 70 |
. 3,:.45 Colorado Fuel & Iron '434
9.0 V) Continental Tobacco 33T4
2.230 Continental Tobacco prefd £7
17.250 ' Federal Steel...: 534
5.340 Federal St»el prefd 73
I.OM «"*neral Electric 123& i
6, CCO Glucose Sugar 52! i
200 Glucose Sugar prefd S7»i I
3.4'<0 International Paper 2B"i
I.W) International Paper prefd CB\
Laclede Oaf SC>4
400 National Biscuit 37^
¦ 225 National Biscuit prefd 904
-1,025 National Lead 254
' 410 National Ix:adprefd. 106
3.C0 National Steel : : 44H
&'>o . National Ste.el prefd 92 ¦
'. SO New York' Air Brake ..13$
•¦ 210 North American 134
.1.090 Pacific 00a5t..... 52^
? Pacific Coast Ist prefd go'
1 s:9 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66 7 4
• S.rno Paciflc Mall 46S
-9.330 People's Gas 10CU
J 550 Pressed S.teel Car : 574
1 ....'.-.. PrV-^s»d Steel Car prefd £5 •
310 Pullman Palace Car , igs
•I.WHJ Standard Rope & Twine 9^
i ?2.420 Pucar lSsa;
.: Sugar preM 1134
:f..M5 Tennessee C^al & Iron 87
ci.GSO ITnited States Leather 1?-%
e.os^ trniJ,ed States leather prefd 76\
'. -7<v) United States Rubber 43
• ' ; 445 United Ststes Rubber prefd, 103
• 550 Western l.'nlon £514
"7.570 Republic Iron & Steel 234
¦1.025 Republic Iron* Steel prefd 6714
« .; PCC & St Louis.... 79%
( €50.100 Share* sold.
I CLOSING BONDS.
1 V 8 2s reg 1024 'N T Cen l»ts 10?
1 do 3* 1034 N J Cen gen J5...H74
[ .do 3s coup llO'i 'No Carolina on I2t
1 'do new 4s reg....133Vi do 4s 106
1 docoup 133% j No Pac Ists 110
r do oH 4i reg 114 do 3s 65%
1 do coup- 114 do 4s 103
do 6s reg 112% iN V C ft St L 45. 104%
J do coup ll2*i!Norf & W con 45.. 91
1 Pin of Col 3.655. ...U0 do gen 6s 12»
1 Atchison pn 45... »8 Or Nay lets 110
» do adj 4s 80H do 4s 101%
» C*n 60 2ds 107»i'Or S Line 6s 126»i
» Ches & Ohio- 44*.. J>B ! do ccn £s 11l
f ¦ do fs 1154 Reading gen 4s .... 844
C Sz U W con 75. .140 R a W lfits... 95
t: do 6 F deb 55... J15 Ist L& I M con Bs.llOH
i Chi Term 4«- MTilSt L & S F gren 6s.«J
- D & It O Ists 101*»!St Paul cons 167
t do 4s 9«4|Ht PC & Pac lats.llSH
9jg TV»* Ga l»ts.U>3 I do £s ...... ...... .US
Sun, Moon and Tide.
New York Grain and Produce.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 2.— The wool market has been
extremely quiet this week, caused by the holi
days and the stringency In the money market.
Values are firm and dealers are confident of
higher prices. Territory wools held on the
scoured basis of 70c for best lots of staple fine
medium and fine, with choice lines of staples
at 65c. Fleece wools are slow but firm at
•26c. The supply of Australian wool is meager
and prices nominal.
Territory wools — Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine, 22ft24c: scoured, 62§6ic;
staple 68(?/70c; Utah and Wyoming fine, medi
um and tine. lS®2lc; scoured, 60&62 c; staple,
C,".-&'6Sc: Idaho fine medium and flr.e. lSQilc;
Hooured, 60®62c; medium, 20<tT23c; scoured, 52
(5 54c.
Australian scoured basis, spot prices, comb
ing superfine, ES@9oc; eood, 86587 c; average,
SOc
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2. — CATTLE — Generally
steady, but choice stock active; canners, firm.
Calves. 25c above a week ago; good feeders In
strong demand. Good to choice, $5 40^6 50;
poor to medium, $4 13<g-3 30; mixed stockers. W<p
3 60; selected feeders. $4 25®4 90; good to choice
cows, ?3 40><g4 60; heifers. {3 25@4 90; canners,
$2 25(5"3; bulls, $2 65Q4 6d; calves, *4 50®7 50;
Texas beeves. $4 2o^S 35.
HOGS— Active, SiglOc higher; top. $4 60; good
clearance. Mixed and butchers', J4 25fg4 60;
good to choice heavy. $4 45ff4 60; heavy, 14 25®
4 40; light. $2 50Q4 524; bulk of sales, $4 450
4 50.
SHEEP and lambs quiet, 10c higher; rood
clearances early. Native wethers, $4 80-@4 90;
lambs, $4 50-56; Western wethers, $4 40<g-4 80;
Western lambs, $5 50-36 90.
Receipts— Cattle. 35.000; hogs, 20,000; sheep,
17.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts.
7000. Market steady. Native steers, H 25i?
5 90: Texas steers. $2 00(95 45; Texas cows, $2 65
I^3 75; native cows and heifers. $2tao; stockers
and feeders, $3 60®4 75; bulls. $3 15(04.
HOGS— Receipts. SOW). Market s®loc higher,
active; bulk of sales, U 324©1 43. Heavy, $4 30
©4 o0; packers, $1 30ft 4 45; mixed and Uzht,
J4 30-34 424; yorkers, $4 30@4 424; Pigs, $3 70®
4 30.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3000. Market strong.
Lambs, $4 00@5 75; muttons. $3 9O'#4 75.
OMAHA
OMAHA. Jan. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts. S6f>o.
Market steady. Native beef steers. $4 50<S5 »i>;
Western steers. $4154 75; Texas steers, $3 70®
4 30; cows and heifers, ¦ $3 2.">@4 50; canners,
$2 2533 10; stockers and feeders, $3 60(^4 75;
calves $3 6006 75; bulls, stags, etc., $2 5034 20.
HOGS— Receipts. 2800. Market 10(3'124c higher.
Heavy, J4 255J4 35; mixed, $4 30ft 4 324; light.
J4 324-54 374; pigs, $4*34 30; bulk of sales. $4 30
©4 &%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2SOO. Market active, shade
higher. Native muttons, $4 30@4 65; Western
muttons. $4W4 50; stock sheep, $3 ~l<sH 25;
lambs. *4 25^5 40.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. J.— Clearings, $547,440; bal
ances, {44,305.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2.— Th« new year opened
up with a silently better tone in the wheat
market, though the local market continues
largely at the mercy of* the ship owners. Prices
show but little change since last year. "No. 1
Walla Walla is still In fair demand at 52c and
a shade more for heavy stock Is paid. Valley
Ij quoted at 514f32c and there is a slightly
easier demnnd for Blue Stem at 54c.
Cleared — Ship Edenballymore, for Queenstown,
with 100,316 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 2.— WHEAT— CIub, SIO4 Blue
Stem, 63c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 2.— Consols. 99%. Silver, 274 d.
French Rentes, 99f 35c. Wheat cargoes off
coast, less offering; cargoes <jn passage, nom
inal, unchanged; English country markets, part
Gd cheaper: import to U. X., wheat. 139,000
quarters; do flour, 176,000; wheat and flour on
passage to U. X., 1,710.000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent. 820,000.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 2.— WHEAT— Steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAf- Spot No. 2 red Western winter firm,
6s lOd; No. 1 Northern spring firm, 6s 14d. Fu T
tures — Dull; March, 5s 11U<3.
CORN— Spot American mixed firm, 3s 5%d.
Futures — January, steady, 3s 5%d; February,
quiet, 2s 6d; March, steady, Ss 6d.
Lnartet
Tb* W. H.. DlmnM loads n»erctar.dtw for
Jloaotulii.
Wheat chartere prior to arrival are: B'.rma
4r.d ilare^kat "<;• Tcr«an«. priT»te: Australian.
148 Jd; Fal!« cf Afton. S3* fd; Godlra, 3C«;
>!arruTfte Molir.os fPortlanfi). Kf 6a; Peleus,
J-.- Pi; Rajore, K»: Fckwitrzenbek, Sl« Sd.
• Storks of Grain.
ProSuc* Exchanre Grain Inspector Sttl'.er r»
fcTta rt-vJc" cf .grrain on wharf and in w»re
fcoue* January 1. as follows, la tons:
Wfcitt. Bsr'.er.
JPort.C^ta. Deo^nbex 1 H9.JOS 4^.fcs
Port Coeta. Jaauarj' 1 14T.721 S3.IH
B*ockton, X>ececiber 1 73.SCS 26.^1
SiorkTon. January 1 7 n .MS ?'¦**
Ban Kranci»c«. Dec*rr.bor 1.... 1-72S • 19.05.-,
Ban Frs-ncUoe. Jsnuary 1 I.CO U9SO
Oat*. Corn. I^ran.
t>c«rsr>er 1 5.6T2 S5 27n
ZuxOMXT 1 ¦ 6.1.-.S 4SI »5
Receipts In December \rere 15, 52 tor.s barley.
{49 toa» oats, 122« tons c>.>ra and 2127 tons
Dried Fruit in New York
Sdmll advices from New Tork_say: "Trade Is
<juset and no Ircprovement la expected un
4;1 after the turn of the year. AU indications
yiint %o Incrpased activity then, and members
Af'the trade en? making no attempt to force
tutlness now, being certain that better busi
fces» win cm* with tbe bejrlnnlrg of the year.
JYt the mo?t part traiJe now Is limited to such
Sttib'.l orders as nre re>iu!red to fill broken as
irtments or satisfy the immediate wants of
cocsumere. No large sales have been made for
Si week, and no negotiations for Important
t?ansactions are expected at present.
'Prunes apparently attract a little more at
t'r.tlin. and the- outlook favors Increased
price* when spring buying begins. The sen
•ral conditions are ir.urh the same, except that
tV.ere is some improvement In the feeling of
those interested. Nothing can be bought lees
t-'ian 33 l *c f. o. b., it is falil. and holders want
t\c for Santa Clara goi'ds. Small sires are
*li most demand and large eizes are roost
plentiful ' •
"Raißii* are quiet. There le Tery little de
j:ia:pi for ('allfornia loose inuscatftls, seeders
I avir.f spparently satisfied th<-lr ne«-<is for the
- ¦ ... - ¦ KoreiifU layers an<s clusters are quiet,
i-fter mmi" activity previous to the holiday*.
•'Peaches are, held Crni. but tracing Is chiefly
Jn Erfiail quantltle«, and prices show some in
•'.ication of advancing later. SuppMep in this
jnarket are not lan?<?. and the (juantity left in
if.nst bands on the coast Is reported much
than has been believed. There are con
siderable «jua3iiiies in strong hands In the
J!!<".dle West, aad until it is known definitely
tvhat the holders will do with them It is im
josf-lb'.e to make any accurate prfdlctions> of
The pnuree of the market.
"Apricots are ia too small supply to be much
rt a factor in the market, movement being
-wholly from second hands and in. very small
quantities.
¦¦I.»ateF are active, and notwithstanding the
large receipts this week prices have remained
Fteady. . The demand for dates Is unusually
jieary and promises «r> continue as long as this
crop lasts. •.*•'.:
•Tigs are slow. low In price and California
dealers particularly complain of the unprofit
«-¦¦¦• «**>n." ¦SiiimiiLiiniwiuJJirJlM •
Weather Report.
(130 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) :
6AN FRANCISCO, Jan. 2. 5 p. m
The following are the seasonal- .rainfalls to
£ate, as compared with thc«e of same date last
reason, and ralnl«4U In the last twenty-four
' Last ' This . Last
Stations— 24 Hc-urs. Seajwn. S«a^n.
jiJFmu'ii' '/.""'.'.'.'.'."'.'.'.. i^« • ii.54 . 6.J7
bacrarcento M 11.01. -B-l
Fan Francisco J» U-W -:«¦«?
I-^r.eo 12 «;>• • J-"
J ndepen<3eno« ~ J)* . 1-8* *>¦*•£
Fan Eto Oblspo 12 ia.so 8.67
Los Ar.grles Tra« .J. 40 - O.So
fan iJK-go 01 - •• t.SS l.«
yuma 00 0.68 ¦ 1.32
tiah Krar.clsco £ata: Maximum -ferhpeTature.
T? decrees; minimum. £2; mean, .S6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
KOREf'APT
The pressure has fallen 'steadily- over the
northern coast during the past twenty-four
hours. It has risen Fiurhtly over Southern Cal
ifornia. A pt^rm r,f wide extent overlies the
Pacific slope, and Is.plowly moring eastward.
The temperature has f&llen oref Wa^hinjcton
«nd <">r*R.;n and has ri«»n-..r»ver • Utah .and
Southern Nevada. . Tbe- following . maximum
wind velocities are reported: 1 San' Francisco,
44 milt-s i«?r h^ur. from the south<sast; Mount
Tamaljaif. tii. goutbeast; Sacramento. . 4S
fr.uthea«; In«lei>eTi6>nce. £0, southeast; Poca.
tfMo. 3, foutb.ps.st. ; •"'•'.-
Ra!n has fallen generally over the coa^t.
The river of th» gacrame.ito. Valley will rise
rapidly Wednesday. At Red - Bluff: th> -stage
St 22.2 ff<-i and rising, which Is the highest
*ince January 26, . '
F<".r*-'-a^t rr.ad» at San. FranclSfO for thirty
hturn end'.ae midnight. January 3. IPO"):'
Northern <^a:ifrrnia — Cioudy Wednesday, with
rain: bictl ¦Mllltwi«l»rHr winds in the interior;
;.••-.. southwesterly winds on the coast. •
Southern California— Ciopfly Wednesday, with
rho«,-ers; brisk southerly winds. ."
•Nevada- I tain Wpdnesda^-: crioler.
Utah— Rain or snow WeJnctday; cooler.-
Arlior-a— «.lou<ly Wednesday, probably show
ers.
San Francisco and ricinity— Cloudy . Wednes
day, with occasional light showers; lUrht south
erly winds; cooler. ' ¦.."-••;
.ALEXANDER 0.. McADIE,
liveries. May pork closed 324 c over Saturday;
May lard, 174e better at $6, and May ribs
174<T20c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low; Close.
Wheat Jio. I—
January; .-66H 6G%-' 66H • 66%
May 63% 70$, 694 70>i
July ¦ 704 79% v". 70 70%
Corn No. 2—
January „ 30H 3076 SO4 30%
May 33' 3374 32% 83? i
July 33%. 84 S3«i 34.
Oats No. 2—
January 21% tl 21*; 22
May 23% 244 23% 244
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 10 23 10 624 10 25 10 474
May 10 60 10 874 10 60 10 774
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 570 5 874 570 5 824
May 890 6 024 590 600
Short Ribs, Der 100 lbs—
January 555 6 624 655 5 674
May-. >;;. 5 60 5 75 5 60 5 724 ;
Cash quotations were ns follows: Flour, firm:
No. 3 Spring Wheat, 62>4®634c: No. 2 Red, 68
<5?G9c: No. 2 Corn, 31% c; No. 2 Oats, 22?ic; No.
2 White, 25<s?25Uc; No. 3 White, 24%(525c: No.
2' Rye, 50'»&52e; No. -2 Barley. 38i£42c; No. 1
Flax Seed, $l 4S; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 30;
M*ss Pork, per bbl, $9 SCtflO 50; Lard, per 100
His, !5 60<3'f> *2H: Short-rib Sides (loose!. 15 43®
5 75; Dry Salted Shoulders 'boxed). 54'3'5*ic;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $r, 70«T5 80: Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, basis high
wires, tl 234.'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments:
Flour, barrels 45.000 21.000
Wheat, bushels '36.000 36,000
Corn, bushels 257.000 139.C00
Oats, bushels 274,000 115,000
Rye. bushels 16,000 27.000
Barley, bushels 80,000 29,000
Erie pen 4j> 67 !So Railway fis ...107
Ft W & D C lsts. 73 IS Rope & T6s ...; 794
Gen Eleo 5s 119 iTer.n new set 3s P24
<} H& S A fis 103 jTex & Pac lsts 111
do 2ds 106 do 2ds 54
HAT Cen 5n »n9H Union Pac 4s * 102H
do eon 6s 110 Wabash l?ts 1134
lowa Cen lsts 110 do 2ds P9
X O P & G lsts.... «S4 West Shore 4« ...110
La new con 45. ...1064 Wis Cent lsts ... M>
L & Nash unl 45.. 36 Va cent ...: 83U
M X A T 4s g»'i; do deferred 6
M X & T Eds ...... 87 I Colo & Sou 4s S2H
MINING STOCKS.
Chf>llar 15 Ont*rt» ....7 50
Crown Point IQ'OpMr _ 70
On Cal & Va i 40 ! Plj ?h«^j U*. 80
Deadv.-ood &3jQu)cX>*ver 1 50
Gould & Curry 10 Do prefd „.. 760
Hale &¦ Norcross... 25jSlerra Nevada 40
Homestalce 65 CO Standard ». 2 20
livn purer 50! Union C0n....^«... 24
Mexican 23; Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWest End 93
Call laans 6^7 (Westlngh Elec 40
Time loans t 5©6 I do prefd 60
Stocks— |wis Cent 1?4
Atchison 104 Dominion Coal 43H
do prefi ...„ 62V» do rrefd 115
Am Sugar 133 "a Bonds
do rrefd ..113 Atchison 4s 99
Bell Telephone >...342 Mining shares—*
Boston St Albany. .244 Adventure I
Boston Elevated... M 4 Alloue* Mln C 0.... t
Boston A Maine.. ..200 Atlantic 83
CB & Q 124 Boston & M0nt. ...275
Fltchburj? pr*fd....llo 13utte & 805t0n.... hi
Oen Elec ......12$ Calumet * He01a..740
do prefd 187 Centennial 19
red Steel &5%4 Franklin 14
do prefd TSVi'Oeceola tl
Mcx Cent 114, Parrot 424
Mich Telephone. ...loo ;Quincy Uir
Old Colony 205 j Santa Fe Copper.. 54
Old Dominion 214 j Tamarack ISI
Rubber 43 ! Wlnona 44
Union Pae 484' Wolverines 334
Union Land S iutah i9\
New York Money Market
NEW YORK, Jan. t. — Money, firm at B®lo per
cent; la?t loan, S per cent; ruling rate, 8 per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 6 per cent. Ster
ling exchange firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 ?7>4®4 574 for demand and
at $4 S2K4T4 M 4 for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4?3's4Sii4. Commercial bill", $4 81@4 81»i. Sil
ver certificates, 5*46 594 c Bar silver, oST^c.
Mexican dollars, 4"He. Government bonds,
weak: State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, ir
regular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. ».— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treausry shows: Avail
able cash balance, $£53.595,4»3; cold reserve,
$236,9C9,250.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Gold arrivals and General French's victory
caused a jtood feellne in the markets here at
the opening, though business was small. In
the afternoon, however, consols fell from 99%
to 3SH on the dlsapi>olnting; allotment of treas
ury bills, and the other markets were sym
pathetically affected.
Americans began buoyant above parity, but
sagged. New York sold here slightly, and the
close was 4 point below the best. Prices were
bid uj> attain in the street, however. Paris
markets were stronr. Spanish fours were 644
and Ttntos 44S- Other con»er shares were a
shade harder than on last Friday. The copper
fortnightly statistics show stocks down SSI
tons, and supplies decreased 115 S.
Money was easy and the bills were slack.
The tendency is to hold them back awaiting
further gold recel;>s. To-day £432.000 gold In
German c^in was bought by the Bank of Eng
land, besides £10.000 In bars, and £45,000 came
In from Denmark. , "'• <
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 95; Union Pacific preferred,
77; Northern Pacific preferred, 754: Atchison,
204: Grand Trunk. 7; Anaconda. 84. Bar sil
ver, 27-»d per ounce.
Silver .weaker again. Exchange _ undisturbed.
Wheat and wheat freights quiet.
Barky, Oats 'and' Com inactive.
Rain'stops trading in Hay and Feedstuffs.
Beans offering at lower prices. Seeds unchanged.
'Potatoes -ond Onions doing better.
SupitruT Vegetables in heavy supply and depressed.
Five cars of Eastern Poultry, in.
Game in good supply and lower.
Oranges, Lemons and At pies about the same*
Dried Fruit neglected and nominal.
Hams firm. Other Provisions unchanged.
Hides rather weaker. Tallow easy.
Oregon Wool quoted higher. Hops continue neglected.
Hogs, arriving from Oregon, Utah and Kansas.
OUs as previously quoted.
Coal in light supply and firm.
Securities quirt and featureless.
8000. $1 IB; SOO6. $1 69%. May— 4o6o. $1 65»4: 6000.
$'- 05T4.
Second Session— December— 4oo6 ctls, ¦ $1 10;
4000, $1 00%- May— lo, COO. $1 Oa^. .
• Rejrular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls.
$1 05»U 4000, $1 05%.
Afternoon Session — May — 4000 ctls. $1 Cssi.
•BARLEY— There Is not enough going on to
change prices, one way or th» other.
Feed. 76@7*J4c for No. 1 and 60<g674c for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grrades, Soiss74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Session— 3:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo.ooo etls,
72c.
-Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— It telng the day after the holidays,
and very wet at tliat. there was nothing go-
White. $1 10« l 30; Red. $1 07491 20; Gray,
$t 074©l 174: B'.ack, 97',' 2 c@?l l'"4-
CORN — P.revlous prices rule with a dull mar
ket. Eastern White is quoted at $1 per otl
nnd Eastern Yellow at $1 05@l 074 1 mixed. 974 c
@?1 024.
RYE~$l®l 05 p*r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 90^2 13 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 WT3 75.
usual terms; bakers* extras, J3 40?T3 50; Oregon
Rnd Washlnston, *3 4M73 u0 pf r bbl for extra.
M 25©3 40 for bakers" and $2 2ZIT3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 30;
Oat Groats, $4 50: Hominy. $3 25(ftS 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4(34 25; Crackod Wheat, $3 75:
Farina. $4 E0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $B^7 25: in sacks, $3 75Q7:
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas.
$3 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s'.
The rain Jb checking all trade In these goods
at the moment. Quotations stand the same.
BRAN— SI 2 50@13 B0 per ton. f ; . i
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $16 50®17 59
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26i327;Job
bnig, $2750523; Cocoanut Cake. $20^21; Corn
meal. $23 50® 24 BO; Cracked Corn, J24525; Mixed
Feed, $16 £0<&17; Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 50®S 50 for common to good
and $?<S9 50 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7@9;
Oat. $6 60*08: Barley. $n@6 50; Alfalfa, $sffS per
ton; Compressed. $7®lo,per ton.
STRAW— 3S®SOo per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are weaker, and some are being offered
at a decline toi tempt buyers. There Is no de
mand, however. Seeds are the sam« as pre
viously quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 25; small White, $2 7o
©3; larire white, $2 40@2 50; Pinks, $2 63@2 75;
Reds, $3 25^3 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nom
inal; Lima. Si 90-35: Pea, $353 25; Rea Kid
neys, $3 50 rer ctl. ". ?
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3fi34c; Yellow
Mustard, 4^440: Flax, $2 124: Canary, 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
7®Sc; Rape, 24©3 c: Hemp. 4®440; Timothy.
4344 c.
DRIED PEAS— Nllea. *1 5091 90; Oreen, $1 «5
®2 26 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are strong and prices
show some advance.
The supply of Vegetables Is greatly In ex
cess of the demand and prices are lower, with
a rood deal of stuff carried over.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85®!)0c: River Reds.
6.'iW73c: Burbanks, sO'tfSsc per sack: Salinas
Burbanks. ll@l 25: Oresron Burbanks. 85c(g$l 25;
Sweet Potatoes. t\ 2i©l 50 for Merced.
ONIONS— SI©I 40 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. »ii4c o«r lb:
String Beans, 2tf-Sc; Cabbage, 40@.10c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 50c©$l; Keg Plant from Los
Anseles, IQWloc: Dried Okra. 124 c; per lb;
Garlic, S@64c; Green Peppers from Los Ange
les 2®3c: Dried Peppers. S@lCc; Carrot*. 30®
40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 7ic
@$1 per box; Marrowfat Squash, $12315 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Five cars of Eastern have been received thus
far this week, and sales are being made at J5
for Ducks and Fryers, $5 50@6 for Hens and
youne Roosters and $4 5053 for old Roosters.
Receipts of local stock were light yesterday,
as it was the day after a holiday.
Game Is dull and lower. Quail In particular.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and WQloc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 15
©•16c; Geese, ncr pair, $1 755?2; Goslings, $1 75
©2; Ducks. $4 50fi5 50 for old and J4 5Q(6f5 50 for
young; Hens. $433; Young Roosters, $5; Old
Roosters. 14@5; Fryers, $4 50@5: Broilers, $4 50
@5 for larpe and S3 F.O<S4 for small: Pigeons,
(1 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25(51 50: Mallard, $3 5004;
Canvasback. $3<@4; Sprig, $2®2 50; Teal, $1 75®
2; Widgeon, $1 50^1 75; Small Duck. $1 25;
Doves, 75c per dozen: Hare, $1 25©1 40; Rab
bits, $1 75: Gray Geese, $3 50; White, $1 50;
Brant, $1 50<J?2 50; Honkers, $5; English Snipe,
$2 50 per dozen; Jack Snij>e, $1 23^1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There will be no more Humboldt Butter on
the market this week, so quotations for this
description are nominal. If there were any
fancy Humboldt creamery here It would bring
over the quotations.
Eggs continue scarce and prices have again
advanced. Cheese is In better supply and easy.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 253?2«c; seconds,
23@24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22<g224c; good to choice, 19®
20c: common. 13ff174c
Eastern — 17@lSc for ladle packed.
CHEESE- Choice mild new. 122124 c: old.
114 c; Young America. 124® 13c; Eastern,- 154®
16c; Western. 134@15e per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 26@300 for store and 33i5374c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold sjorajre,
ISffliyc for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh,
22<§25c
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Fancy Navels will bring over th» quotations
In a small way. Seedlings ara weak. Apples
continue in liberal supply.-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples — 35@65c per box for common, 7oCQil
for good, $1 23i3>1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4 60@7;
Coos Bay Cranberries. $1 50 per box.
Winter Pears, nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50??2 25
per box; Seedlings, 63c@$l 25; Pomelos. $I@3;
Lemons, $I@l so for common and $232 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4ft4 50; Califor
nia Limes. 25@50c; Bananas. $150(33 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen. ' ; . ;¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market la flat and dull at nominal quota
tions.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 44c for
40-50's. 4S4V4C for 60-60- s, 3Vic for 60-70's, 3Uo
for 70-SO's, Sc for 80-90" s and 2\c for 90-100" s.
Aurlcots, ll 1 ??! 3c for Royals, 124@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 59
54c for Standards, 6 l g6\ic for choice and 7c for
fancy; pee,led Peaches, 124'313c; Evaporated
Apples, 7@7«ic; Sun-dried, 5(554 per lb: Necta
rines, S4^9c per lb for red ; Pears. ' 643 Sc for
quarters and S'glOc for halves: Black Figs, 8®
34c: White Figs, 4tJSc: Bleached Plums, B!g9c;
Unbleached Plums, 7<g74c for pitted and 140
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 84c; choice, 74c; standard, 64c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown, 6*4 c.; 4-crown, 7c; I^ondon Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shippings points
in California. MM
NUTS— Chestnuts. --S@loc; Walnuts. B@9c for
standards and 9®loc for shoftshell: Almonds,
114®12c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4ij
Be for hard shell; Peanuts, s*i®6*»c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7H@Bc; Fil
berts. 12@124c; Pecans. 11 n 13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10H@
lie for light' amber; water white extracted, 74
@8c; light amber extracted, 6%<31c; dark, 6'io
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®2Cc per lb.
Provisions.
Hams are quoted firm and some d»al*rs are
looking for an advance. Otherwise there Is
nothing new.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9Uc per lb for
' heavy, 9\ic for light medium, 10% c for light,
12-V-c fcr extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12S12V»c: California
Hams nominal; Mesa Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, 117 5o; Mess, $16 50: smoked Beef,
14.W144C per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for com
pound and 7^ic for pure: half-barrels, pure. 8c;
10-lb tins, BHc: 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7*r@7»*c per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
Oregon Wools ar« quoted higher, but the
Wool market Is dull aa a rule. Hides are quiet.
In sympathy with weaker Eastern markets,
and sellers report a fractional decline. Tallow
Is weak. Hops continue neglected at the old
quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, HHc; medium. He; light. lOHc; Cow
hides, lie: Stags. 7%c; Salted Kip. lOVic: Calf,
lie- Dry Hides, sound. IS@lS^c; culls and
brandu, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c: Dry Calf.
20c: Sheepuklns, yearlings. 2 ( *Q3sc each: short
Wool, 35(3 K0c each; medium, 70fi3Oc; long Wool,
$1(8125 each; Horse Hides, -salt. $2 25<52 7$ for
large and $1 for small; Colts. SOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; Na i.
4c: refined, 6^«; grease, 2%c
WOOL—
Fall clip,' San Joaquln plains. Off 10c; South-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
em, SfflOc: Middle County, llfflSc; Hnmboltt
and Mendoclno. 18®17c: Eastern Oregon. 13ftlSc:
Valley Oregon, 18320 c; Northern Mountain free.
ll'gHc; Northern Mountain, defective. MfHlc
P< HOPS— &e?c per Ib. »
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hobs are coming In from Oregon. Utah and
Kansas and were it not for this they would
be very high, as receipts from local points are
limited. There Is no change In Beef. Mutton
aT BEEF I^7 l 9 pw "> tor Steers and 6U£7c
for Cows.
VE\L—^Uloc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<S7 1 / Ac; ewes. Wittfc Per
ttgJ&Mt^M small 5Hc for
medium and sfl3'ic for large; stock Hogs and
fetders. s!A«D'ac; dressed Hops, .»S', s c.
General Merchandise.
lIAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags, 7S7^c; Wool
Bags, 2S?TCOc.
HALE ROPE— Manila. HH«ISc per ID.
COAI^- Wellington, $8 por ton; New Welling
ton *S; Southfield Wellington. J7 ID: Seattle.
$7: Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. J5 50: Wallsend. $3;
Co-operative Wallsend. Scotch. : Cum
berland 510 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthraclta Egg. $13; Cannel. $9 f-0 per
ton; Coke. $1R per ton In bulk and g^tosaelW;
CANNED VEGETABLES-Peas, $I©l o0; To
matoes. 750. .-./ at <r.»
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, $2 40<33 lor
blnck and white: Peaches. $1 ei^l 90; £ <fa i B i
$1 60ral So; Apricots, 11 2S®l 70; Plums. $1 200
1 COFFEE - Costa Rica - l3H«l«c for Prim*
washed; WJl2%c for jrood washed: IH49JSC Tor
good to prime washed peaberry: 9%J»Uc ror
good to prime Beaberry. 9t?l2c for good to
prime; B<S«%c nominal for good current rnlxea
with black beans; SSSTSe for fair: 5<37%c for
common to ordinary. Salvador— 9<3ll',4c for good
to prime waehed; 7k©S**c for fair washed: 9'*if
1140 for prime to good washed peaberry; ,\W
S»io for good to prime semi-washed: .»i'3S I *c
for superior unwaehed; 7^c for good green un
washed; S%i5J9V4c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry: 6%^6»ic for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— l4©lBHo for prime to fancy washed:
BSUc for fair to good unwashed: 7V4@7\o nom
inal for good to superior unwashed; SligSUc
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry,
Guatemala and Mexican— l23lsHO for prime to
l.tncy washed; 9@llc for good to strictly good
washed: B®S%c for fair washed; 7®7%c for me
dium; 4g6%c for inferior to ordinary; 10£?UUc
for good to prime washed peaberry; B>ifi9'sc
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7\«gS t *c
for cood to suDerlor unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavjr 2Sti-3Oc per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 26@270; Sole Leather, light. 26
@27c: Rough Leather, heavy. 27«23c: Rough
Leather light. 2o'a26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
325?33c: Harness Leather, medium. 30©32 c; Har
ness Leather, light. 2s®3oc; Collar Leather 13®
16c per foot- Kip. finished.' 40^JOc per lb; Veal,
finished, sC*fiTsc; Calf, finished, 75c5*l 20: Sides,
finished. 16® 17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 140
16c, Rough Splits. SfflOc per lb.
OlL— California Castor OH. In cases. Nc. 1.
73c; pure, $1 10; Linseed OH. In barrels, boiled.
68c; raw, 64c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 53c. No. 1. 40c: cases.
Be more; China Nut. 60<363c per gallon: pura
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c; cases, 65c: Sperm,
pure, 60c; "Whale Oil. natural white, 33'4c; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints. White and House
colors, $1 25<jn 33 per gallon; wagon colors. $2^
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE, ETC. — Water
white Coal OH. in bulk. 14c; Peart Oil, in
cases, 20c: Astral, 20c; Star. 20c; Extra Star
Oil, 24c: Elaine. 25c: Eocene, 22c: Deodortied
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do. cases. 22c; Benzine,
In bulk. 15' ie; do. cases. 214 c; 36- degree Gaso
line. In buik, 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— Sixes. 16
or, 20 sets, lie per set; sixes. 14 oz. 20 sets. 10c;
sixes, 12 oz, 20 sets, 9c; sixes. 10 oz. 20 sets.
SUe; 12 oz. 40 sets, hotel. 9*4 c. Granite Min
ing Candles— Sixes, 16 oz, 4'J sets, llHc per
set; sixes 16 oz, 2!> gets, ll*ic; clxes, 14 oz, 40
sets. 10*ic; sixes. 14 oz. 20 sets, 10«; c; sixes. 12
oz, 20 sets, 9\c; sixes. 10 oz. 20 sets. 9c;
twelves. 12 oz, 40 sets, hotel, lO^ic. Parafflne
Wax Canrtlcs, White— Ones. 14 oz, 25 sets, 12»ic
per set; twos, 14 oz, 25 nets, 12'ic: fours, 14 oz,
36 sets, sixes. 14 oz. 36 sets, 12»4c; twelves,
14 oz. 36 sets, li^ic; Colored, lc hlffher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6'^'&« 1 /4 c; Red
Lead and Litharge. C^i&THc per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 73c; In iron barrels,
6So; In wooden barrels. 70c
LUCOIj — Boiled, barrels, 61c; raw, barrels,
£9c: cases, oc more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI sO^r»2 50 per fl^sk for lo
cal use and $16 GCtflT i 0 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bars:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. M»c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry
Granalated. 4T4c: Confectioners* A. 4?ie: Cali
fornia A. : Magnolia A. 4Hc; Extra C. 4Hc:
Golden C. 4'4c; barrels. l-18c more; half-bar
rels. He more: boxes. He more; 50-lb bass. He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. Dominoes, half -barrels. 6H°;
boxes. s*»c aer lb.
Receipts from the Islands In December 'were
33.420 bags.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary elzea, 118917; extra sties, higher:
Redwood. Jl7@lS for No. 1 and $15@16 for No. 2;
I*th. 4 feet. $2 20-02 30: Pickets, $18; Shingles,
II 73 for common and $2 73 for fancy: Shakes.
$11 for split and Jl2 for sawn; Rustic. $21^27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY JL
Flour, qr sks 15.055: Shorts, sks ... 108
Wheat, ctls 3.-160 Hay. tons _.. $01
Oats, ctls 1,440! Straw, tons 15
Butter, ct15....~. 15S|Llme, bbls 4&>
Cheese, ctls S2|Pelts, bdls 3
Tallow, ctla SOjHides, No 871
Sugar, sks l.;no Eggs, doz 4,590
Beans, sks 303lSugar, bbls 25
Potatoes, sks 4, 133 \ Quicksilver, flsks 205
Onions, sks 6;B'ljeather, r0115.... 80
Bran, sks 1.522 Wine, gals 41.950
Middlings, sks... 840
OREGON
Flour, qr ska.... 14.638 '8ran, sks 8,273
Wheat, ctls 15.720 i Middlings. «ks... 2SO
Oats, ctls 1.810 Shorts, sks 6,000
Potatoes, sks . 5,071 1 Wool, bales 17
Onions, sks 100 1 : , *
Steamer Movements.
Foreign Futures.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
ranuary. 1300
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.
SAJ? FRANCISCO STOCK AND E3CCHAKOT
' BOARD. •_:-. - •
Mornins. Session. '¦¦•' ." .
Board— :"v , " '
1W EfiuitaMe Gas \.\.~.....i.......~.iJ 5 IV+
100 Hana Plyantatlon W^w-Uh-m 9 W ,,
25 Onomea Sugar Co ; ¦'•¦•¦>•* 29 «2»4
100 Vigorit Pcwder ?.,„.-<—.; 3 b :
10 S V Water <•• ~"~*T* ¦
-. ¦ " Afternoon Session. ' .- ; ¦.. ,¦-.."
4ft Contra Costa "Wafer j .......*._~i TJ TO •
10 Contra-Costa "Water ..—.*...-...•*••?.•• •"¦ 3<H
20 Giant Powder : mW^mm* » W ¦
2.'. Honokaa Sugar Co ;.....;....? .»•? •*
RO Faauhau Supar Co ....:„...?.. £> B"
50 Paauhau Sutrar Co .... * » «?'*
.20 S F Gas& Electric *..;.... :...*' *> gV
3.. P F Gas & Electric .:.-.. « W «°
10 Oceanic S P Co :.....',;......;.... 5» ™
JIOCO Cal-st Cable 55.:...'. ;..-.. ....,113 -3
• • CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. . '
¦ Board— •' . -.- • • ¦¦•¦' ' ;.'/.
2M Barker' Ranch .¦ ....i.......^. IIS
100 Anaconda OH' Co i... 1 Sfl
100 Yukon Crude Oil Oa 1 TO
100 Anaconda 185
SCO Annconda :....,..;.........^... 1(0
Afternoon Sesaiod.- •
Bcartl"^- .. .;
inn Barker Ranch .:.: ..........^.... 1 IS
200 Anaconda O!l. Co ¦...•.:...:.,.. 1 iO
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
¦ - Morhlns 'Bes3tbrl.
Board— -' /.
M Caribou .'. 1 to
100 Dominion 40
700 Dominion : ....; " 43
100 National. « I7H
¦'. Afternoon Session. ' . •'¦ ¦¦¦
Board— . -
1000 Dominion ...• i 45
£0 National « 7»
MINING STOCKS.
T^is' following were, the sales in ths Faclfla
Stock Exchange yesterday: — . .
Morning Session; . • • •-¦".
JOO B«Tcher 13| 200.C C * Va»....l rTH
«00 Belcher 12 1 £00 Mexican ....... tt>
600 Bullion 04, 200Mexlcan ._.... 2%
100 CholJar 22 ; 700. Ophlr .: • «9
1550 Con Cal & Va..l 4>V 1M Slen-a Nevad*.. 43
Afternoon • Session. ... ;
200 Best & Belcher 24! lOOConfldsnr*. '. 85
400 Caledonia 45 1 JCA Mexican 23
aoo Chollar 20 200 Mexican 23
150 Con Cal * V«..l 35i 2"0 Ophlr 8»
300 Con Cal & V.I RH 200 Savag* t . 09
200 ConCal &.Va..V4O! •. ....
The following were the sales tn th» Saa
Francisco Stock* Exchange yesterday;. . . .;
Morning Session. '
800 Bullion : 04! 100 Mexican. »
20O.Caollar 22j «00 Occidental ..... If
1060 Con Cal & Va..l 40 i 3W Ophir 7>?
400 Hale & Norc... 40 200 Potosi .......... 2«
200 Justice' Co! lW Union Con .... 27
• Afternoon Session.. '..
200 Best A Belcher 24! 2W Potosi .......... 14
COO Con Cal & Va.-.l 40 ICO St Louis ....... n1
200 Gould & Curry r? 200 Union Con 2«
UOO Mexican » 2tO Yellow Jacket.. 22
100 Ophlr 66'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. I—4 p. ro.
Bid. Ask. I ' • . '.- Btd.As*.
Alpha — 04iKentucX ....... -r-. ' OS
Alta — 06 Lady Wash..... C 2 —
Andes 10 12 ' Mexican ....... M O
Belcher ..:...... 11 12 Occidental ..... 17 —
Best & Belcher 24 25iOphlr .......... «5 6S
Bullion- ..' 03 —l Overman ...... 10 11
Caledonia — 42Potost , 23 !4
Chollar ..-20 21 Savage ......... OS lt>
Challenge Con. 10 12, Scorpion ....... 02 —
Confidence ..... SI 83 Seg Belcher 02 04
Ccn Cal & Va..1.3S 140 Sierra, Nevada. » 41
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 07
Con New York. — 04 Ft Louis .... — OS
Crown Point... 12 It Standard ..*.. ..3 40 14*
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate '.;.... — PS
Gould & Curry. 22 21 Union Con . 23 . 27
Hale & N0r.... 23 39, Utah 04 05
Julla — 02' Yellow Jacket, 21 2J
Justice 04 ':•:
Provisions were exeepUor--Jly strong, start-
Ing with a Jump which surprised even those
who had been looking for an Improvement.
May pork showed an Initial sain of 15c, May
lard 74<310e and May ribs of 74@124c. Com
mission house* were In the pit with- large buy
ing orders from outside, while the demand from
other sources was excellent. and there were no
sellers of product for some time. When the
market was at the top— -up from 20c, on May
lard to 424 c on May pork— there was naturally
some profit-taking. . but Its effect was .trivial
In comparison with the advance. The advance
was the combined effect of light hog receipts,
¦where liberal ones had been expected, of higher
prices at the yards and the small January Ue-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was strong; creamery, 13®27c: dairy,
16^ 22. Cheese, firm; 12«?12%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
lS<B'l9c.
LIVERPOOL. * - . ~J< - - . •¦;
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening _.^. 8 U l i B 10%
Closing ~ 5 11»4 6 11
PARIS.
WheaV— Deo. Mar.-June.
Opening Holiday.
Cl6glng „
Flour—
Opening
ClOßlng^
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. «.— The »tatement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday December 80, 1599, as compiled by the
N«w York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat — C 5.291.000 bushels, decrease 587,000
buphel3. C0rn— 11.698.000 bushels, decrease. 7G3.000
bushels". 0at5— 5,6!)4.000 bushels. Increase 221.
000 bushels. Kye—1. 293.000 bushels, . decrease
66.000 bushels. 8ar1ey— 2,546,000 bushels, de
crease 186.000 bushels.
Time Ball
Branch Hydrorrashla Offlc*, TJ. B. X.. M*r»
chants' Exchangs. Ean Trancisco, C*L«
January 2. 1300.
The time ball on th» tower of the nnr T*rrf l
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-»j
1. •.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at ti
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. ..-,.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 8. N.. In charge
U-nlted States Coast and Oeodstla ; Surrey—
Times and Heights of High: and Lot
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sa.-».
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. • ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Polntt
the height of tide Is the same at both place*. .
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 3.
Sun rises ........... 7:34
Sun seta '. .S XJ
Moon sets 10:20 p. ra_
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early mom Ins tides are given In the left
hand column and th« successive tides of 1b«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
tecond time column gives the second tide o{
the day. the third time column the third tfria
and the last or right hand column gives ..tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on.th*
United States Coast . Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The. plane oj
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
8
,' I [ I szs New Moon.
Su. Mo Tu. We Tb. Fr. S*. W January 1.
' i rTTTT -fc*' lr9t Quarter,
1 * • ' * _1 __ J January 1..
T . 8 »10 1i1313- ; . j> ull Moon,
t— — -—- -— * -— " \sJ January 14. ,
14 U 14 17 18 19 » 4
<-— at Last Quart«n
tl 23 23 24 » _2»_ J^_ January 13, J
~& lo" ~n (Ss Kew Moox. v .
,—, — W January aO-\
I
?
Time)
H Wj
ITlmei
Ft. ! 1 Ft. •
11. W
Time! . I
Ft !•
H VT I . ;-|
IThnej
Ft
I ...
4 ...
5 ...
« ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
»
. 1:23
. 2.01
. 2:40
. »:20
. 4:05
. 4:51
. 5:42
! — _i .
S.ai 6:16 i S.B!
6.2 • 7:13 i 2.8j
5.4 8:13 ».»
5.6 »:21 -1.9
5.6! 10:2« 1.5
5.7! 11:40 1.1
5.9. 12:49 0.6
! 11:10 . 5.5.
1:07 5.4.
till 5-.6f
J:2lj -4.5
6:05! 3.?
T:S1! 3.8'
I
6:50— f1.
. 7:33 -^>.
8:1? 0.
I! 9:08 .1.
' 10:00 1.
U:0Oj I.
Steamer. I • From. I Dvi
ie.
E. Thompson... 'Seattle >.. Jan.
Albion JTlllamook Jan.
Czarina Seattle _. Jan.
Aberdeen Portland Jan.
Mackinaw Seattle \ .Uan.
Bristol [Departure Bay" Uan.
Coquille River.. |Grays Harbor Jan.
Walla Walla... 'Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan.
Newburg |Gray? Harbor: ...|Jan.
Corona San Diego ; Jan.
Orlraba Humboldt Jan.
Alteca- iChlna and Japan Jan.
Jeanle" Seattle ; Jan -
Empire Coos Bay Jan.
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Jan.
Point Arena — Point Arena Jan.
Washtcnaw .... Taeoma j. J an .
Homer Portlsmd Jan.
South Portland. Departure Bay Jan.
Columbia ..jPortland [Jan.
Bonita ••¦• Newport. Jan.
Hcngkong MarulChlna and Japan Jan.
Arcata ICoos Bay Jan.
Santa Kosa San Diego Jan.
Samoa Humboldt Jan.
San Juan Panama ;.: Jan.
Umatilta Victoria St. Puget Sound Jan.
Willamette ISeattle -'-¦>7T. Jaa
Pomona jllumboldt ;.. Jan,
Miami ISeattle ;.... jj a a.
Cr^icent City... Crescent Ctty....;....,'..-.|Jan
North Fork Humboldt [Jan,
State of C&1....I Portland .-..,.... :|jan,
3
S
%
I
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
%
3
4
4
4
I
9
9
T
7
1
7
7
>
¦ 9
¦10
1>
Steamer. I Destination. 1 • . Sail*. I Pier.
__^____ i i • i
Coos B»y... (Newport tJan. S; 9am'Pier*U
Aloha iCrescent Ctty. Jaiv. 3. 1 pm.Pler 2
State of Cal [Portland Jan. 3. l»am:Pler.2*
Aberdeen ..IPortland Jan. 4, I pra). ...¦".
A. Blanch" dlCooe Bay Jan.' 4, 5 pip! Pier 'is
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 4. -2prn[Pler • 9
Newburs ... Grays Harbor' Jan. -4, ..-...,! '.
Corona San Diego Jan. 5, 11 amjPler'li
North Fork. I Humboldt Jan. S, .9 am Pier 1
Ccqullle Xv Grays Harbor Jan. 8, I
Homer P0rt1and....... Jan. 5. 10 am; Pier**)
>Jan Pedro.. Humboldt (Jan. 5, 4 pm'Plejt is
Oaellc China* Japan Jan. '6. 1 pn»iPM3'<*
Walla Wall Vie A P*t SW.jJan. «. 10 »m'pw i
t-t. Arena.. Pclnt Arena.. Jan. «. 2 cm' Pier »
Bonlta Newport Jan. 7. »a-mipieril
Curacao Mexico Jan. 7. 10 am Plerll
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 8. 10 ami Pier 'i
Acapulco .. 'Panama .' Jan. 8. 12 nHPM<te
Arcata ICoos Bay Jan.- 8. lOam'pC- vt
Santa Rosajsan Diepo Jan. 9; n aSpi-r it
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 9. V> am'pier ix
Australia, ..iHonolula Jan. 10 10 am!pt£ "
Steamer. I Destination. 1 • . Sail*. I Pier.
__^____ i i • i
Coos B»y... (Newport tJan. S; 9am'Pier*U
Aloha iCrescent Ctty. Jaiv. 3. 1 pm.Pler 2
State of Cal [Portland Jan. 3. l»am:Pler.2*
Aberdeen ..IPortland Jan. 4, I pra). ...¦".
A. Blanch" dlCooe Bay Jan.' 4, 5 pip! Pier 'is
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 4. -2prn[Pler • 9
Newburs ... Grays Harbor' Jan. -4, ..-...,! '.
Corona San Diego Jan. 5, 11 amjPler'li
North Fork. I Humboldt Jan. S, .9 am Pier 1
Ccqullle Xv Grays Harbor Jan. 8, I
Homer P0rt1and....... Jan. 5. 10 am; Pier**)
>Jan Pedro.. Humboldt (Jan. 5, 4 pm'Plejt is
Oaellc China* Japan Jan. '6. 1 pn»iPM3'<*
Walla Wall Vie A P*t SW.jJan. «. 10 »m'pw i
t-t. Arena.. Pclnt Arena.. Jan. «. 2 cm' Pier »
Bonlta Newport Jan. 7. »a-mipieril
Curacao Mexico Jan. 7. 10 am Plerll
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 8. 10 ami Pier 'i
Acapulco .. 'Panama .' Jan. 8. 12 nHPM<te
Arcata ICoos Bay Jan.- 8. lOam'pC- vt
Santa Rosajsan Diepo Jan. 9; n aSpi-r it
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 9. V> am'pier ix
Australia, ..iHonolula Jan. 10 10 am!pt£ "
Steamer. I • From. I Dvi
ie.
E. Thompson... 'Seattle >.. Jan.
Albion JTlllamook Jan.
Czarina Seattle _. Jan.
Aberdeen Portland Jan.
Mackinaw Seattle \ .Uan.
Bristol [Departure Bay" Uan.
Coquille River.. |Grays Harbor Jan.
Walla Walla... 'Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan.
Newburg |Gray? Harbor: ...|Jan.
Corona San Diego ; Jan.
Orlraba Humboldt Jan.
Alteca- iChlna and Japan Jan.
Jeanle" Seattle ; Jan -
Empire Coos Bay Jan.
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Jan.
Point Arena — Point Arena Jan.
Washtcnaw .... Taeoma j. J an .
Homer Portlsmd Jan.
South Portland. Departure Bay Jan.
Columbia ..jPortland [Jan.
Bonita ••¦• Newport. Jan.
Hcngkong MarulChlna and Japan Jan.
Arcata ICoos Bay Jan.
Santa Kosa San Diego Jan.
Samoa Humboldt Jan.
San Juan Panama ;.: Jan.
Umatilta Victoria St. Puget Sound Jan.
Willamette ISeattle -'-¦>7T. Jaa
Pomona jllumboldt ;.. Jan,
Miami ISeattle ;.... jj a a.
Cr^icent City... Crescent Ctty....;....,'..-.|Jan
North Fork Humboldt [Jan,
State of C&1....I Portland .-..,.... :|jan,
3
S
%
I
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
%
3
4
4
4
I
9
9
T
7
1
7
7
>
¦ 9
¦10
1>
,' I [ I szs New Moon.
Su. Mo Tu. We Tb. Fr. S*. W January 1.
' i rTTTT -fc*' lr9t Quarter,
1 * • ' * _1 __ J January 1..
T . 8 »10 1i1313- ; . j> ull Moon,
t— — -—- -— * -— " \sJ January 14. ,
14 U 14 17 18 19 » 4
<-— at Last Quart«n
tl 23 23 24 » _2»_ J^_ January 13, J
~& lo" ~n (Ss Kew Moox. v .
,—, — W January aO-\
I
?
Time)
H Wj
ITlmei
Ft. ! 1 Ft. •
11. W
Time! . I
Ft !•
H VT I . ;-|
IThnej
Ft
I ...
4 ...
5 ...
« ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
»
. 1:23
. 2.01
. 2:40
. »:20
. 4:05
. 4:51
. 5:42
! — _i .
S.ai 6:16 i S.B!
6.2 • 7:13 i 2.8j
5.4 8:13 ».»
5.6 »:21 -1.9
5.6! 10:2« 1.5
5.7! 11:40 1.1
5.9. 12:49 0.6
! 11:10 . 5.5.
1:07 5.4.
till 5-.6f
J:2lj -4.5
6:05! 3.?
T:S1! 3.8'
I
6:50— f1.
. 7:33 -^>.
8:1? 0.
I! 9:08 .1.
' 10:00 1.
U:0Oj I.POSTUM CEBEAI*.
COFFEE HEADACHES
Xeft When Change Was Made to
¦¦¦- '•:.. Postum Food Coffee.
: ."As long as I dra.nk coffee, once every
month regularly I had a bilious sick
headache. I had often read In the pa-
pera about Postum Food Coffee, but,
like lots of people, I thought you were
praisinp your own poods to sell them.
"Finally I asked my husband to buy
me a small package to try. I boiled It
not quite as long as your directions
said, and did not like It. The next
morning I made coffee for breakfast
i^nd had a Kirk headache.
"The third morning I tried Postum
sprain, boiling It about twenty minutes.
Then it tapted good, and the longer I
drank it the better I liked it. That
¦was about three months ago. We have
had Postum ever 6ince, and never in
all this time have I had the least kind
ot a headache or be«n sick In any way.
*"I told a brother-in-law of my expe-
rience. He, suffered with bilious head-
aches and was threatened with nerv-
ous prostration. He stopped coffee and
began using Postum Food Coffee, which
he did not like at the first trial, but
coon Rot ro he liked it very much in-
deed, when they learned to make it
r;rhi. It has cured him also.
"Th* following friends have been
hHped by leaving off coffee and using
rostum: D. B. Wieatt. his wife and
Fister; J. H. Mat hews, his wife and
daughter. We .ore naturally very
nrong ad\ocates of Postum Food Cof-
fee."— Lille E. Mathews. 466 Twenty-
fcpurth street, Detroit, Mich.
BITTER CONTEST
BEGUN OVER THE
BROOKS ESTATE
Widow and Her Step
daughter at War.
NOT READY TO
DIE, BUT DEATH
CAME QUICKLY
The Strange Demise
of J. C. Turner.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2— "l would not care
to have hold of the other end of the wire,
for I am not ready to die yet," raid J. C
Turner to Conductor George Beal on car
12S of the Shattuck avenue line, in Berke
ley this evening. The words had hardly
left his mouth when Turner fell over the
seat of the car, and died before he could
utter another word.
J. C. Turner, who is a brother of Town
Trustee E. Q. Turner of Berkeley, board
ed the Shattuck-avenue car at Russell
street this evening to ride to Berkeley,
lie sat on the roar end of the car and
opened a conversation with Conductor
George Beal. He talked electricity with
the conductor, and was asking him what
harm would result if a telegraph or tele
phone wire should fall across the wires of
a trolley line or an electric light circuit.
"It woudn't do you any harm." replied
Beal
Then it was that Turner made his re
mark about not wanting to be the one
that had hold of the end of the wire, and
almost before the words had died away
he was stricken, and fell over the seat.
The stroke occurred just as the car was
passing Styles Hall.
Beal called Motorman W. S. Lamb to
help him, and they worked over Turner
for a few moments under the Impression
that he had only fainted Seeing that
their work did no good Lamb went back
to his post and hurried the car into
Berkeley. They went to one doctor's of
fice and" to a drug store, but at neither
place could they find medical aid. and
finding that Turner was practically dead
they took him to Brown's undertaking
parlors, at which is located the branch
Morgue.
Dr. Payne finally arrived and pro
nounced the man dead, probably from
heart disease. Turner was well known
in Berkeley, and leaves a widow and one
child.
f Of THE. ] \
\ \ BAT CITIES/ 7
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— H. A. Hildrede
and wife of Los Angeles are at the Nor
mandie; George A. Knight of San Fran
cisco has returned to Washington and is
at Wlllards: H. P. Forsyth of San Fran
cisco Is at the St. James-
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— H. S. Cott of San
Francisco Is at the Holland. A. Rosen
berg of San Francisco is at the Hoffman.
Edfrar Rickard of San Francisco Is at the
Tmnerlal. Mr. and Mrs. William Lund of
San Francisco are at the Savoy.
MANY MOURN THE DEATH
OF MRS. WILLIAM FORD
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— Mrs. William Ford
died at her home at Twenty-third avenue
this morning at the advanced age of 73
years. Mrs. Ford was well known In the
Scotch colony of that section where she
leaves a large and sorrowing family and
a still larger circle of friends who mourn
her death. She was a native of Scotland,
but had lived many years in East Oak
land. She leaves the following children:
William Ford. Mrs. John Doig, Mrs. John
Robertson. Mrs. Robert Kessick and Mrs.
William Petit. She was the grandmother
of Alexander Doig. the foreman of the
Tribune Publishing Company, and Wil
liam Doig, a foreman of one of the de
partments of the California Cotton Mills
at Twenty-third avenue.
DIAZ FAVORED.
PL'EBLA. Mex., Jan. 2.— The plebiscite
takc-n for candidates for nomina
tion for President of the republic was par
ticipated in by the citizens generally,
and although' this is a strong Conserva
tive city, a large majority of the voters
favored the renomination of President
Diaz for another term. Similar results
were announced from the surrounding
towns.
OAXACA. Mexico. Jan. 2.— Great enthu
siasm marked the plebiscite, for this is
President Diaz's native State and the
stronghold of the Liberal party. The peo
ple voted en masse for his nomination as
candidate for the presidency during the
term beginning next December.
Return of Attorney Pillsbury.
E. B. Plllsbury. attorney for the Pacific
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation, has returned from a Northern trip
undertaken in the interest of the associa
tioni He said yesterday that he found
tne Northwest weli informed concerning
the -issues to come before the Interstate
Commerce Commission affecting trad©
conditions on the Pacific Coast. He went
to Portland. Seattle and Tacoma, at ail of
which places there are members of the
executive committee of the Jobbers' and
Manufacturers' Association. He talked
with many gentlemen concerning the com
ing hearing In this city before the Inter
state Commission. The Northwest will
be represented by witnesses. Mr. Pills
bury epnke very highly of the work that
th* newepapers of the Northwest have
been doing. While Mr. Pillsbury was
north Traffic Manager Loveland and
President Wakefield Baker were In Los
Angeles. All sections of the coa*t have
been visited by the representatives of the
association.
Death of a Trooper.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2— Warde Rose, a
trooper in the Fourth Cavalry, died
at the home of his uncle at
167 Tenth street in this city to-day.
Young Rose enlisted in Troop I of the
Fourth Cavalry from Cleveland. 0., and
served nearly a year in the Philippine
Islands. He was taken sick there and
returned to Oakland in October and died
to-day. He was a son of A. E. Rose of
Williamsfield. Ohio.
Killed by a Bucket of Coal.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— James Dempwy
was klllf-d at Long Wharf lat*> this after
mxm by a bucket of coal. He was a Bteve
<lnr* employed In unloading the coal ship
MatUawfii, and a bucket of coal fell upon
him, injuring him fo -that he died on his
way to thf hospital. He leaves a widow
«nd two children In Fruitvale.
United Artisans Install.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2.— Alameda Assembly
No. 319, United Artisans, installed the fol
lowing officers to-night: Past master ar
tisan, H. G. Rhodes; maj=t*-r artisan, W.
71. Millar; superintendent. F. W. Thomp
son; inspector, F. G. Vogel; senior con
cuctor, William Pray; junior conductor,
H. W. Thomas; master of ceremonies. J.
<j. Jf-nscn.
Damage by the Storm.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2.— The strong wind
which swept across the city this morning
caused considerable damage to property
on the south side. The exceptionally high
tide, aided by the wind, washed tons of
earth Into the bay. Some property owners
find their holdings shortened by several
feet. Some of the concrete breakwaters
were undermined and toppled over, leav
ing no protection to the embankment. A
small schooner was wrecked in San
Leandro Bay. She was not properly
moored and the wind drove her against
the Bay Farm Island bridge. The hull and
rigging are a complete wreck.
General Wall's Funeral.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2.— The funeral of Gen
eral Joeeph G. Wall took place this after
noon from his late residence. 1836 Santa
Oara avenue. The services were under
the auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215,
P. and A. M. The Caledonian Club, the
Scotch and Irish Society and the St. An
drew's Society were represented. Rev. W.
\V. Scudder of the First Congregational
Church delivered the address. The pall
bearers were James H. Gllmore, 11. C.
Kinnley, J. Holtslandpr, Robert Young
M. Hallinan, William F. Nicholsen, Ed
vard Welsel and Robert Jardln. The hon
orary pall-bearers were W. E. Pettes. F
W. Van SlckU-n. John Reid, C. Martin. C.
H. Huffman. O. H. Keys, J. Austin and
Alexander Hay.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Arthur Hapert of Paris, France, is reg
istered at the Palace.
William Grant, a wealthy land owner of
Biggs, Is at the Grand.
Captain Charles M. Thomas, U. S. N., Is
a guest at the Occidental.
H. Doc Barnhart. the San Jose capital
ist, is a guest at the Lick.
Thomas Flint Jr. has come up from San
Juan and is a guest at the Palace.
H. C. Kennedy has come down from his
home in Stockton and is at the Lick.
Among the recent arrivals at the Palace
is B. H. Bunch of Washington. D. C.
R. N. Bulla came up from Los Angeles
yesterday and registered at the Grand.
W. H. McMinn of Mission San Jose is at
the Lick while on a flying visit to this
city.
Captain W. Hoffman. U. S. A., Is regis
tered at the Grand, where he arrived yes
terday.
Lieutenant P. E. Radcllffe, U. S. N., is
among those who arrived at the Occident
al yesterday. "f'-I. •»
H. E. McKee, one of the prominent bus
iness men of Los Angeles, is a guest at
the Occidental.
S. F. Graham, one of the leading busi
ness men and fruit shippers of San Jose,
is staying at the Palace.
Dr. H. S. Hill, one of the leading medi
cal men of Seattle, is registered for a
short stay at the Grand.
R. I. Thomas, an influential attorney
and politician of Nevada City, Is making
a short stay at the Grand.
M. Innes. a wealthy mining man of Clif
ton, Ariz., is a guest at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday.
George D. Gear, one of the prominent
residents of Honolulu. Is among the re
cent arrivals at the Palace.
John A.. Sanborn, the lawyer and capi
talist, has come over from his home In
Fruitvale and taken rooms at the Palace.
Frank S. .Johnson has returned from his
recent trip to New York and is now at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife and
family.
Dr. H. V. Murray and E. C. Macfarlane,
brother of the proprietor of the Hawaiian
Hotel, arrived yesterday on the Australia
and went to the California.
E. P. Vaughn-Morgan, a traveler from
London, arrived on the Australia yester
day. He is staying at the Occidental and
Is on a globe-trotting expedition.
Among those who arrived yesterday
from Honolulu on the Australia is Lady-
Bromley. Lady Bromley is now staying
at the Palace and is on her way East to
be present, as report has it, at the mar
riage of her son to one of the daughters
of Sir Julian Pauncefote.
General Manager Kruttschnltt of {he
Southern Pacific Company returned from
New York yesterday. He wan called East
a few days ago to attend a meeting of the
board of directors of his road and to con
sult with C. P. Huntlngton on matters
of importance. He only remained at bis
office yesterday morning long enough to
look over his mall, and then left for his
home In San Mateo.
BLACKBURN CHOSEN
BY ACCLAMATION
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 2.— After four
years of retirement Joseph S. C. Black
burn was chosen to-night by tho joint
caucus of the Democratic members of th©
Legislature as the successor of William
Lindsay in the United States Senate. Not
withstanding Blackburn's nomination
was a foregone conclusion and his election
morally certain, the proceedings of the
caucus to-night were enacted In the pres
ence of a galaxy of Kentucky beauty and
a dense throng of Blackburn admirers.
The caucus convened at 8 o'clock and
was called to order by Senator Goebel,
chairman of the joint caucus. There was
a wild demonstration in the galleries
when Goebel came into the hall before
calling the caucus to order and the cheer
ing continued for several minutes. Sena
tors Alexander and Hays (Democrats)
and McConnell (Popullst> stayed out ot
the caucus.
Blackburn was placed in nomination by
Senator Goebel. who said that the long
est and bitterest right ever waged for a
Senator in this State, which began four
years ago (when Deboe defeated Black
burn; was about to reach its Just termina
tion. The State Capitol rang with cheers
as he placed Blackburn in nomination.
Senator Harris made a seconding speech
and was followed by other members who
eulogized Blackburn and congratulated
the party on the union of all of the Demo
cratic members in returning him to the
Senate. Senator Thomas asked that tht*
roll be called so that every Democratic
member might have an opportunity to go
on record for Blackburn. Senators Alex
ander and Hays failed t» respond to their
names; otherwise the vote was unani
mous. Goebel was applauded when he
voted for Blackburn.
Governor Taylor submitted a message
of over 7DOO words, covering State affairs
and presenting elaborate reasons for th->
repeal of the Goebel election law. whi< s h
he called the "infamy of IS9S that .has
demoralized, disturbed and disgraced the
State " He recited at length how many
citizens had b*en disfranchised, an.d
claimed that even after the ballots were
cast there was injustice in counting' them
and in making returns. The GovernoF
recommends stringent laws against lynch>
John H. Whallen, who is accused by
Senator Harrell of having attempted to
bribe him by offering him $4.'WO to vote
against Goebel In the gubernatorial con
test, arrived here this afternoon and gave
bond in the sum of IW.noo. He was ac
companied to the Sheriff's office by Gen
eral P. Watt Hardin and other anti-J3oe
bel leaders. His examining trial is s<>t
for 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, when
his attorneys will enter a plea against
the jurisdiction of the local court, claim
ing that the offense. If there was one,
was committed in Louisville.
Validity of Olographic Will.
SEATTLE. Jan. 2.— By reason of a pe
tition filed In the Superior Court to-day
Judge Moore will decide whether an olo
graphic will made in California is valid
in this State for passing the title ot land.
In June last I. G. Wickersham of Peta
luma died and in September following
his olographic will was probated In Cali
fornia. Among his property is a half
section of land in King County. Wash
ington, which it is sought to dispose of.
General Bliss Dead.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— Major General
Bliss. U. S. A., retired, died at Providence
Hospital in this city to-day after an ill
ness of some weeks. He was a native
of Rhode Island. He had a distinguished
llltary record during the War ot th« Re
bellion. '
WORKING HOURS REDUCED.
Southern Pacific Gives Notice to Men
in Its Employ.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— The Southern Pa
rific-.C'-'mpany has made another reduction
•of working hours. To-day the following
order to that effect was posted:
•'"On. and after Monday. January 1. the
hours of work for all men except those
* mployed in passenger yard will be from
7:3u a. m. till 4:30 p. m., eight hours per
<?ay. ur.lees instructions are issued to the
contrary. E. A. GILBERT.
"Master Car Repairer."
Th'.s change will effect about fifty men.
•who are employed at the cripp'e track
j>nd In the paint shop. Recently the hours
of the men in the brick shop were fihert
'r.f-d. and to-day's order was rather cx
j tried by the employes.
LIGHT ON THE
DREDGING OF
LIKE MERRITT
Mayor Snow Prepares
a Statement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 2.
The questicn of dredging Lake Merritt
has been a vexed one in Oakland for some
time. The park and boulevard fund has
been almost completely depleted. The
great point of contest is whether the mud
from the lake should be deposited around
the lake in convenient places or forced
over the site of the proposed park below
Twelfth street. Mayor Snow has pre
pared a statement showing the condition
of the entire dredging situation, which
statement has been sent to the Board of
Public Works and other municipal bodies
and officers for their guidance, as follows:
It was declared in the original dredging
specifications, upon which the original (In
valid) contract was let by the former Board
of Public Works, that the mud dredged from
the lake should be deposited upon the fol
lowing places, to wit: The northwest arm
of Lake Merritt, the northeast arm of Lake
Merrltt and between Eighth and Twelfth
streets. Only $63,000 has been provided by
the Council for both the dredging and the
flushing gates, notwithstanding the at
tempted appropriation by ordinance of $80,
000 for this purpose, August 23, 1833. And it
was understood by the former Board of
Public Works that dumping grounds conve
nient for the contractor must be provided in
order to secure a low bid for the whole
work.
The orielnal contract having been pro
nounced invalid, the present Board of Pubic
Works advertised for bids and let new and
valid contracts for dredging Lake Merrltt;
and In the interest of the taxpayer the
board has endeavored to secure the accom
plishment of this work at a price not greatly
to exceed the original invalid contract. In
order to do this it will be readily seen
that the specifications which were originally
bid upon could not be materially changed,
and they were not changed. Hut the de
sire on the part of the public, and the de
sire of the board as well, to have the area
between Eighth and Twelfth streets filled
has grown to be a demand. Contract No. 5
is for dredging nearly all of the lake not al
ready dredged under contracts from one to
four. The Hoard of Public Works has drawn
this contract in puch a manner that the
city may, if it chooses to do no, have the
lake completely dredged to a depth of four
feet, in accordance with the original speci
fications regulating the deposit of mud. for
$6880, or the city may require under the same
contract all of the mud to be forced the
greater and more expensive distance to be
tween Eighth and Twelfth streets. The lat
ter requirement will cost (12.G00 additional.
Now because this sum of $12,000 will all
be in excess of the money in the park and
boulevard fund; because the contractor will
not continue the work without pay. but will
discontinue dredging at once, leaving a
great portion of the lake not dredged; be
cause the J6SBO will remain in the treasury
unused until after July 1, 1900: becauae this
sum of $6SSO is sufficient to dredge the whol»
lake. If dredged In accordance with the
original specifications for dumping grounds;
because the city claims as its own park
property much of the northeast and north
west arms upon which the mud may be de
posited, and is therefore Improving its own
property by placing dredgings thereon— for
these reasons the Board of Public Works la
of the opinion that the filling between
Eighth and Twelfth streets may wisely be
delayed until July 1, 190fl. and be then com
pleted and paid fur to the amount of 112.000.
out of the funds of the new fiscal year, or If
the Council deem it advisable this sum may
be added to the proposed bond issue for
parks and boulevards. The mud for filling
can always be obtained either by the further
deepening of the lake or from the estuary,
between First and Eighth streets, by per
mission from the Secretary of War. which
permission can doubtless be readily secured.
OAKLAND-, J>n. 2.— Thomas White of
¦ AJa-meda -wants It very thoroughly
'understood, that he holds no mort
; ¦ ;gage on heaven, and that he did not
. frarteiv any corner lots in the kingdom of
¦the -future -for "seme corner lots in the Als
meda of the .present.' Mr. White has said
this in his answer to the suit brought
against him by Mrs. May E. Valentine
over her husband's estate, and now the
•case Will come up" for trial In the Alameda
County Superior Court.
The trial of this case will be full of mys
tery, of wraiths and spooks, of spiritual
istic fancies and of the charge that White
secured a hold over Valentine through
means of spiritualism, and Induced the
old man to deed away his property.
Both were of spiritualistic tendencies,
EMMA SUTTER
DESERTED HOME
FOR THE STAGE
Now Her Husband Is
Seeking Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 2.
A young wife's weariness of quiet do
mestic life and her ambition to shine on
the stage is the real basis of the divorce
suit of Alphonse Sutler against Emma I.
Butter, now pending in the Superior Court
of Alameda County.
Before the couple were married in San
Francisco eight years ago Mrs. Sutter was
Miss Emma Elizabeth Field, a prominent
figure in local society circles. Mr. Sutter
was a bookkeeper "with Miller, Sloss &
Scott, the* big hardware house in the
metropolis. The wedding was an event
of the season, and for a time the couple
lived in happiness; but the dull and lonely
days wearied the bride, who, to dispel the
ennui, secretly began a course of prepara
tion for the histrionic art, and soon her
ambition to appear before the footlights
overcame her love for home and husband.
So. one day last August. Mrs. Sutter
packed her trunk and disappeared, leaving
no note explanatory of her sudden de
parture.
Recently Mr. Sutter received a letter,
postmarked Honolulu, wherein the desert
ing spouse expressed her sorrow at having
left him. explaining that home life had
proved unbearable to her and that she
had determined henceforth to seek fame
on the stage. *
Word now comes from New Tork that
Mrs. Sutter has partly achieved her ambi
tion and that she appeared there as an
actress under her maiden name of Field.
MICHIGAN MILITIA
OFFICIALS IN DISGRACE
Accused of Having Defrauded the
State, They Are Believed to
Have Fled.
LANSING. Mich.. Jan. 2.— Neither ex-
Quartermaster General White of Grand
Rapids nor Adjutant General Marsh of
Allegan can be found to-night, and it is
alleged they have left the State. Gen
eral White sent a letter to one of his as
sociates saying he might not be herrd
from for several months. Rtid asking that
his business affairs be settled. In the let
ter he protested his innocence of any
wrong-doing, but declared he was being
made a scapegoat for others in an alleged
crooked military deal, and could not hope
to stand up under the burden.
The allegeu crooked deal was the re
puted sale of over $50,000 worth of State
property by the State Military Board to
the "Illinois Supply Company" for $10,000
and the alleged repurchase of the same
by the Henderson-Amer Company of Kal
amazoo for about $50,000.
FACTS RELATING TO
THE SEIZURE OF FLOUR
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.-The State De
partment to-day received from Embas
sador Choate at London by cable a state
ment of the facts he had developed in con
nection with the seizure by British war
ships of American goods on the threo
merchant vessels Beatrice, Mashona and
Maria. The goods comprised not oriy
flour, but miscellaneous articles of com
mon trade. They were shipped for Lour
enzo Marquez in British and German
ships, but our officials contend that they
were not subject to seizure. They cou'.d
not, however, lodge representations on the
subject until they possessed a knowledge
of the facts, and as soon as Mr. Choate's
statement came to hand to-day instruc
tion was cabled to him to Inform the Brit
ish Government that we could not admit
the right of the seizure in these cases
This Is the preliminary step usually
taken in such negotiations. Next in order
will be a report from our consular rep
resentatives at Lourenzo Marquez re
specting the present condition of the seized
or detained goods and the damage sus
tained. The State Department is not yet
fully Informed on these points, necessary
in the further presentation of the cases. It
is not even known just where the goods
are, or if they have all been seized or only
in part. It will be the duty of our consu
lar agent at Lourenzo Marquez to ascer
tain and report these facts, and he is now
engaged in doing this under the original
instructions of the State Department.
While the department is acting as it
promised In the beginning to firmly pro
tect all American rights of trade. It is
showing no unseemly haste In the pre
sentation of the case. To-day's Instruction
to Mr. Choate was not a demand for the
release of the goods, nor yet for indem
nity, but rather a precautionary notice to
the British Government to save all of our
rights in the case. It will be sufficient to
initiate the settlement of the matter by
negotiation, the State Department having
not the slightest doubt that the British
authorities will make full amends to the
owners of the goods when the facts are
laid before them.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Stephen S. Black. Pasadena,
skate; Cornelius Collins, San Francisco, metal
partition and furrins for buildings; John \V.
Currier, Los Angeles, combined pprinK hinge
and check; Phllo E. Daniels, Oakland, as
p'gnor of one-half to O. P. C'oates and A. L..
Botham, protector for trousers; Jo3eph Davy.
Oakland, harp fastener: Peter J. Glldea, San
Francisco, hydraulic elevator; Charles A. Ham
mel, Los Angeles, oil burner: John Jorgenson,
Ban Francisco, nut lock; Enoch L. Lowe, San
Francisco, clamping device for seat posts and
handle bar posts for bicycles; Emll Marsky.
San Jose, temporary cover and binder for
papers: James Maxim, Los Angeles, street
sweeper; Victor A. Pernot. Colgrove, bicycle
support; George E. Standlsh. Selby. cartridge
loading apparatus; George D. Whitcomb and
W K. MUholland, Glendora. rock drill; Frank
Wulff. Colusa, paper folding machine.
Washington— Joseph G. Evans, Waltsburg.
combined header and thresher; William H.
Parlin. Seattle, and E. M. Heylam. Pekln.
plow; Charles P. Tatro and G. Dedllus, Seat
tle, process for extracting precious metals
(two patents).
Oregon— William M. and E. G. Hodson, Rose
burg, railway tie; E. D. Parrott, Portland,
car burster.
B N. Gill was to-day appointed post
master at Ono, Shasta County, vice B. F.
Boyd, resigned. The postofflces at Lynch,
Whitehouse and Tredalba. Cal.. will be
made domestic money-order postofflces
after to-day.
Pensions for Califomians: Original-
John S. Barnum, East San Jose, ffi; John
Stokes. San Mateo, $8: William W. Hill,
San Francisco. $S; Robert F. Patterson,
Soldiers' Home. Loa Angeles, $6. Increase
— WUHam H. Forshee. Scott River. $6 to
$8. Original, widows, etc., special, ac
crued December ia— Phebe A. Way, Oak
land, $8.
Washington: Original — William A.
Welles, Walla Walla, $6: Joseph Early,
Seattle, $6.. Original, widows, etc.. spe
cial, accrued December 19 — Ettie L.
Jones, Griswold. ?S.
MORITZ HUPERS LEFT
ALL TO HIS WIDOW
OAKLAND. Jan. 2— Julia Hupers to-dny
Bied for probate the ¦will of her husband,
Moritz Hupers, who committed suicide
la.pt month by cutting his" throat at the
Farmers' Hotel." Llverrnore. The will,
¦<lat«-d t.tctober 19. IK?2. and witnessed by
Wcndall Jordan and F. Mally. names tne
widow as sole devisee and executrix, set
ting forth, however, that testator was not
unmindful" of his children and grandchil
dren, dofiring to leave their welfare to
th«_- affectionate care of his wife to make
proper provision for them.
The estate consists of several Livermore
lots, some morLEapes and money, the total
Hinount being estimated . at about t&OQ.
The heirs are the- widow, aged 61 years,
and two ch;l»lrf*n. Aroircw and Julia, aged
3 and "1 year*, respectively.
Husband Charges Dosertion.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2.— W. L. Kidd, through
his attorney, Carl F. Wood, this afternoon
tiled suit In the Superior Court for a di
vorce from Helen Kidd. alleging desertion
as the ground of his cause of action.
WOLFSOHN MAY HAVE
FEARED AN INDICTMENT
Rumor That He Left Los Angeles to
Avoid Being Held on a Mur
der Charge.
I/OS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— lt is stated to
day that the evident reason for the sud
den flight of Aaron Wolfsohn, who came
here to clear up the mystery concerning
the suicide of another man supposed to
be Aaron Wolfsohn. was because of a
rumor that the Grand Jury had been
asked to indict him for murder. The
County District Attorney lends color to,
the story by saying that he has been
repeatedly asked to bring a murder
charge against Wolfsohn. "'-' *¦'¦¦"¦_¦¦'
Oscar Bamberger, the attorney for the
heirs, has at last admitted that the live
Wolfsohn is the man who was insured.
He is about the last of the interested
parties to go over to that side of the
case. Mrs. Maggie O'Neil still Insists that
the dead man is the real Wolfsohn.
SOILS AND CROPS
DISCUSSED BY FARMERS
Interesting Papers Read at the Sec-
ond Day's Session of the Uni
versity Farmers' Club.
PASADENA, Jan. 2.— At the morning
session of the University Farmers' Club
J. B. Neft of Anaheim spoke on "bleach-
Ing walnuts" : J. A. Brown of San Jaclnto
discussed "Olive Trees in California";
Professor A. J. McClatchie, of the Ari
zona experiment station, lectured on
"Bacteria in Agriculture"; W. S. Mellick
of Pasadena spoke upon "Legislation.
In the afternoon Thoman 11. Means of
the Department of Agriculture of Wash
ington lectured on "Soils." .
"Irrigation of Hard Pan" was the sub
ject of a paper by F. L. Palmer of Clare
mont Pro/essor II Culbertson of El
Cajon spoke on "Fertilization of Or
chards " "Green Manuring" was dis
cussed by R. C. Pain of Kedlands.
The evening session was devoted exclu
sively to a discussion of "Co-operation."
Speeches were made by A. 11. Naftzger
of the Citrus Fruit Exchange of Los An
geles, A. H. Sprague of the Deciduous
Fruit Exchange of Los Angeles and T.
C White, treasurer of the Raisin Grow
ers* Association of Fresno.
Gas Well Ablaze.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Jan. 2.— The
big Painter gas well, located in Ritchie
County, accidentally caught fire last night
nnd nil efforts to extlngush the flames
have been futile. Millions upon millions
of feet of gas is going to waste, and the
financial loss will be enormous. The , roar
nf the hnrnine gas can be heard twelve
mills away. a g nd the fire illuminated the
whole surrounding country.
Cheda Wins His Suit.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 2.— The mandamus
proceedings brought by Attorney E. B.
Martinelli on behalf of S. H. Cheda to
compel Auditor E. J. Connell to issue to
him a warrant for 1900 on a consigned
claim of Buckman Bros, for work done on
a section of the Tlburon boulevard, was
decided "n favor of Cheda to-day This
virtually means the completion of the
boulevard at an early date.
Reed's Will Admitted.
SAN RAFAEL*. Jan. 2.— The will of John
J Reed was to-day admitted to probate
by Superior Judge Aneelotti. Jose Vidal
was appointed administrator without
bonds. The estate is valued at about
$300 000 and has furnished food for the
tongues of scandal.
Growth of the Lawton Fund.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— General Cor
bin chairman of the Lawton Relief Com
mittee announces that the subscriptions
to the 'Lawton fund received up to to-day
amount to $39,253. which does not include
nil the subscriptions made to independent
I gents in various outside cities.
Opposed to the Treaty.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2.— Senator Shoup
of Idaho and Senator Clark of Wyoming
while here last week said to Interested
narties here that they would pledge
tlTemselves to do all in their power to de
fpit the proposed Jamaica treaty, having
become convinced of its harmfulness.
THE LATE DR. F. J. MASTERS.
graduating from Richmond College he en
tered the missionary field in China. He
spent ten years in charge of the Canton
mission and did splendid work. He re
turned to England for two years to preach
In an English Wesleyan church.
Fourteen years ago he came to this
coast and entered upon his duties as su
perintendent of the Methodist Chinese
mission.
Dr. Masters leaves a widow, a daughter
and three sons — Stuart G:, George Herbert
and Romney. The two elder boys attend
the university.
Plunkett Sent to Jail.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2.— Nathaniel P. Plunk
ett, the son of ex-Supervisor Plunkett,
who wan arrested for passing bogus
checks on Frank Dean, an East Oakland
saloon man, and who pleaded guilty to a
charge of obtaining money under false
pretenses, was sent to jail for one montn
by Police Judge Smith this morning.
Plunkett was with Dewey on the Olympla
at the battle of Manila.
and they had weird gatherings at their
several homes, each attending the meetings
of the other. The stories- of these meet-
Ings with the denizens of the next world
will be told in court at the trial of the
case, and an effort will be made to sub
stantlato the assertions made in the com
plaint of Mrs. Valentine that her husband
disposed of his mansion in Alameda in the
hope of securing a mansion in the skies in
the after life.
White, the accused broker in realty of
the future life, denies this, and asserts
that Mrs. Valentine got $1100 for her^nter
t>.=t in the estate.
Mrs. Valentine has not the faith of r-er
husband, that would permit of her deed
ing away the pood things of the present
world, particularly when they are in tne
shape of Alameda realty, for any options
on the future, and when the suit comes
on there will be interesting revelations.
HANNA WILL MANAGE
THE COMING CAMPAIGN
Senator Decides to Kemain at the
Head of the Republican
Commitee.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. 2.— According
to the Cleveland Leader, information re
ceived by it from a source second only
to President McKinley and Senator
Hanna is to the effect that not only will
Sonatnr Hanna be the chairman of the
next Kepubllcan national committee, but
he will be both temporary and permanent
chairman of the Republican national con
vention. This statement may, perhaps,
be explained upon the hypothesis that
such is the expressed wl?h of President
McKinley and that, the President being
the only candidate before the convention
for the office he holds, the delegates will
cheerfully acquiesce.
The statement is made that the only
question which has ever existed as to the
continuation of Senator Hanna's leader
ship in the coming campaign was that re
garding his health. lie oas now an
nounced his willingness to undertake the
new task next year, and the President's
wish in that respect is to he gratified.
Tho same source of information Is au
thority for the statement that the dele
gates at large from Ohio to the Republi
can national convention will be Senators
Hanna and Foraker, Governor Nash and
General Dick, chairman of the State
executive committee.
TROLLEY-CAR VICTIM
SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
'OAKLAND. Jan. 2— There Is a ; slight
imprfrt-ement to-night In the condition of
John A. Foster, who was run down by an
< lectrJc oar at Broadway and Tenth ftreet'
vent-nlriy. The injurt-d man. for- whose
«¦« ¦ nances of recovery the physicians atiiie
li^ceiving Hospital last evening g.av.e. but
j:o hopes, was able this evening to take'
ii little nourishment, a favorable. Indica
tion. Ike Foster, one of his sons, is- con
stantly attendinghim at the hospital.- Dur
::;e the early part of to-day the patient
tassed a very hard time. For. hours- he
wu delirious, and for a while the end was
momentarily expected. Drs. Stratton. and
Porter this afternoon redressed the wound
.•:nr! fracture at the base of Foster's -skull,
urid from that time the patient restM
easier. " The crew in charge of • the. San
I'aMo-avcnw car that ran TofWr down
v.rre Mntnrman J. McDonald -and Con
ductor A. P. Carlson.
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call.
90S Broadway. Jan. 2. .
What promises to develop into a 'most
bitter contest over the J5O-.000 estate". «
Lafayette Brooks, who died December .W
last, was filed late this afternoon in -the
Superior Court. • ¦' . *."¦•
Alice M. Wilkinson, sole, surviving
daughter of decedent, appears as contest
ant, opposing the probate of the. will
dated April 14. 1599, filed December 22 last;
by the widow, Mary P. Brook's, and. J. 11:
Brooks, a son. who ask lor letters' of. ad
ministration.
According to the will, typewritten- In
form, testator, on March 7, ISDB. . deeded
certain realty to the widow, and on- thej
date of the execution of the will he fur
ther deeded to her four valuable, lots an
Twelfth avenue. East Oakland. A be
quc-t is made to the daughter,. Mrs. Wil
kinson, in the way of a cancellation of a
$3000 note held against her on a loan .with
which she erected her home; to a son, "S.
H. Brooks, a newspaper route Is '•be
queathed; and the residue of the estate la
ordered divided between the widow; and ;
J. H. Brooks, who in their petition- give
the value of the estate as bout $12.000..
Mary P. Brooks was Brooks'- second
wife, they having marrted about- ten
years ago, and Mrs. Brooks' relations
with Mrs. "Wilkinson, . her stepdaughter,
according to the contest filed to-day-.' to
gether with a suit wherein Mrs. Wtlklh-*
son seeks to have the deeds mentioned In
the will canceled and set aside.; have not
been congenial. ' •
In Mrs. Wilkinson's contest, prepared
by Attorneys Chapman & Clift and Lloyd
P. Larue. it is alleged her father was. in
sane at the time of executing the alleged
will and had been of unsound mind '.for
at least six years prior thereto. Contest
ant denies that Lafayette Brooks,' who
was aged 6S years, ever executed trie- al
leged will or that it was subscribed either
by himself or any person in his behalf,
or acknowledged by him to any attesting
witnesses.
The contest recites that Capitalist
Brooks "for a period of six years prior to
his death was a confirmed invalid and had
been afflicted with freauent severe at
tacks of mental paralysis which pro
gressed in violence up to the time of exe
cuting the will, that his mind had become
so weakened that he could be easily in
fluenced by those around him, and that he
was Incompetent to transact any business
whatsoever."
Contestant charges that her stepmother,
Mary P. Brooks, "for many years exer
cised complete control and dominion over
the mind and conduct of decedent by rea
son of his mental weakness," and "that
decedent had always regarded contestant
with utmost kindne»3 and she never did
an act to forfeit this kindness and es
teem; that from the time Hary P. Brooks
pained ascendency over decedent's mind
she never, except on one occasion, per
mitted contestant and decedent to be to
gether alor.e; that, though contestant re
sided but 600 feet from his home, she was
never made aware of his dangerous con
dition; that by reason of the undue Influ
ence exercised by Mary P. Brooks over
him he executed conveyances to her of all
his real property, of the value of 115,000.
which was acquired prior to his marriage;
that the total value of his estate, includ
ing the said realty, was JGO.OOO and up
ward; that contestant is excluded from
the prox-isions of said will and that the
$3030 note mentioned In ¦ said will was
never intended by either party to be-col
lectible."
In the complaint to have the deeds can
celed A. E. Wilkinson, husband of con
testant, is Joined as a party plaintiff, and'
the allegations on which she bases her
cause of action are almost identical to
those recited In her opposition to the pro
bate of the will.
LIVERMORE MAN
SUDDENLY DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
George L i n d y G an not
Be Found. •
I.7VERMOnE. Jan. 2.— the residents of
1,1 v< rmnre are much excited over the FUd
<":>n disappearance of George ' \^*- .TJn'dy, a
• y'-iur.R business man who. gained much
Inotbrietjr fvera! year? ago- by suing for
the efetkte of George M. Kassb'n, a. wealthy.
Stockton land owner. ¦• It is .supposed lhat
Lihdy' has left th»» State. 'to .avoid ; his
-many rreditore. He owed ft great df*' >>f
money, much of which he lopt ; in trying to
rain pepfeppion cf ' jhe- Kaeson estate. H«>
¦was a roan of exceptionally pond hab<t-\
¦however, and his friends say- h> wHI make
ii'.lhjs accounts straight ifi .fhe.'end. ".•••.
•. Lindy'e claim to th** Ka.*S"n;-* > stat'* »?'
msH on an Alleged' relationship." Hi? p ;l| i
hc.-waf KaKs.niiV son, cast off -when an-in-.
'.;ti.x ' .and raised by Thomas . Lindy . ni;<l
v!f<*. As ihe estate was wnrfh about. J-'W.i
<Wo."tb*re was a bitter fight in the Stock
totl:court*, nrui L'ir/dy pee-med to .iwVivin
rtrpioutwhen Mrs. K&sson appeared uptn
the scene from the Eael and repudiated
him .'•••¦. :¦' -"• •
Before leaving Livprmore Ltndy disposed
.* his grocery traririeu to I"»r. EL B: Pitt.; .
NEARLY QUARTER
OF A CENTURY A
MISSIONARY
Death of Rev. F. J.
Masters, Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Jan. 2.— Rev. Frederick J.
Masters, superintendent of the Pacific
Coast Methodist Missions and well known
on this coast and in China, died suddenly
this morning at his home. 1740 Oxford
street, Berkeley. He had been suffering
for some time, but his family hardly real
ized the seriousness of his illness.
Dr. Masters spent twenty-four years of
his life in the missionary service. He was
born in Evesham. England, near Strat
ford-on-Avon, forty-nine years ago. After
DELANDY NOW
IN RECEIPT OF
ANOTHER LETTER
Signed "Judge Lynch"
and Menacing.
Delanoy, your threats do not
in the least concern me. You
are afraid to expose me, be
cause if you do you will ex
pose yourself. You are a vil
lain of the worst type. I defy
you to put my name in the
newspapers. You will pay
dearly for it if you do.
JUDGE LYNCH.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2.-F. N. Delanoy is in
receipt of another anonymous letter. Thi?
time the writer boldly defies his victim to
expose him to the' public. He threatens
dire consequences and signs himself
'•Judge Lynch." The letter was mailed
in Alameda to 22.18 Clinton avenue. The
first letter. Pisned '"White Caps," was
mailed in San Francisco. Tt was type
written upon straw-coiored wrapping pa
per. The paper was irregular in shape.
The typewritten matter was all in capi
tals except where small letters were ap
parently struck by mistake. The letter
reads:
"Delanoy: Your threats do not in
the least concern me. You are afraid to
expose me. because if you do you will
expose yourself. You are a villain of the
worst type. I defy you to put my name in
the newspapers. You will pay dearly for
it if you do. JUDGE LYNCtI."
Delanoy is undeterred in his deter
mination to make an expose of the anony
mous persecutor. The threats contained
in "Judge Lynch's" epistle haw had the
effect, he says, of urging him to greater
efforts in his purpose of clinching his
nameless Nemesis. He says: "It is Judge
Lynch or the white cap who is on trial for
the cowardly act of sending anonymous
letters Into another man's home. As soon
ns the proofs of his guilt are in proper
shape he will just as surely be publicly
exposed as the sun is to rise to-morrow
morning."
PREFERS MANSIONS IN ALAMEDA
TO MANSIONS IN THE SKIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
/fttf>VS\\
( [ OF THE I j
9THE SAX. PRAIvCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ssn Francises j
Call, cornrr of Market and Third Ftreets, open
urtMl 12 o'clock every nigM In the yesr.
P&A-CCSI OFFICES— iz: Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:J? V- rfl.
"f0 Hayes street; open ur.til J>:SO p. m.
d? McAlHster Ftreet; "oj«en until $:S0 p. m.
OS Larfcta s=trwt: open until S-iSa p. m.
JStt Minion Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
TCCI Market street, comer £i_tee_th: open
\z?.* ii ? p. m.
306 i:;<-venth street: open ur.til 9 p. ra.
IC9C Vclencia ftreet; open ur.V.l S p. m.
:::3 Polk Ftreet; cpea until J p> m.
N'orOnr-St corner of Twer.t>-«*eon<l ¦-« Ken-
taeky ttreen; apm ur.t'.l 9 r- " : -
M^i^»^~^ T^i E .! l !_.______
CALIFORNIA COUNCIL No. 2.^ *?-* gL
__-M_ «rtll meet THI> <^ f-D.N *•_ >- ~ff%m j
»A« L'K.NING. January 3. fit S >^/\ !
o'clock fcr bn-lnes*. Jepr^s and irv- / V
Ri_l!3tlo» of officers, iiy order of the T. I. |
m. m i-iuxKU^L 1 !^-' : J__-_!±!!-- !
HT. MORI Air Lodge No 44. *"- an 4 A- «
Jl — <__trd meelio? THIb IwrUM-B- *4T*m
DAY> EVENING, ot 7:^i o'clock. >^\
TIISa ; rnOI-tCH.' Secretary.?* «V?
EXCELSIOR I»iee No. 166. F ar.J A. n
11 ->•...••-: "— r.r.g THIS "^'^.H.-J^. i
DAY] EVENTN.'.L.- Jan.- s - at • • :iJ /%_T\ i
jcloc-. TljKOJg :^Mrril__gec. /V^ I
FRA-NCO-AM.n-ni.<?.VN Lxige No,
A. IKON AUUALK>U. Rec.' Sec. .
tCXIGITTSOFTnET!i:I\UnANCII /
—Attend tne*Ont 'THIS.- E\ EX- X
IN.; .\v::i>N'->-QAY,.( .lar.uar,- , .*^J/^,
J. at Urn t-#. CUSi- W. **? -A?" ,
TRIUMPH Lodge 'Ca «;.A.O, U. »V — ji.+M', \
Ofncen snd me-r.hf-s: Y^n.nre aotifi»-Ic.{;r^fcS .
• D—t St vo'-ir hall. 1..0. Oi f: l>Ms..Vl^-J '
\V__DJCE£2>AT. Jaaaary. 3. ajt !•;» a. »^&> ¦ (
lil;. to attend the funeral of our. late brother..;
B. K. UATHIWAY.. ' ¦
J. \\\ VENDRXES. M. W.
J. H. CATHAN. Recorder. ' . ¦
Tin: recular rceft'.nc of the £ar. Fran- '
. .- • i;rirk:avH:V Association xvi<l !* j* ¦¦ ]
V<-\d THI< .\VKI-»Ni:SI»AV) EVEN-Jggy i
ING Jan. 5. at U. K. Hall. 321 Eddy*^ |
Ft aT S o'clock. A Cull attend-nct)*" [J'» |
rf.im>«ed. }:. J. _HUANDON. «
larterly nxetlne «f S^rAlan m,
Mor.'.en^t-rin L and H. Society *VT_>
will be held THIS (WEDXES* tV>» ,
DAY) EVEJfIXG. January 2; I^7/^3
;•¦• .at 7 :2» o'clock, nt 14 CallfoH %^?i\ir
;. a et. . Al! officers and menibers h?-c;ri>'''
t-T:- ••om'-stly n'i|u^t'-l to atttn-i. V>' *\-jf* {ii '
tnetallaxScn cf ofneers-for the KAJc** 1 -^/ '•
Tear 1S0& F.nes for non-atten-i-
;.-. . a.:: be strictly enforced. l:y
: <;.r<ler of . " : '- . '¦ ¦
M. K. .TA SO VAZ. President.
mi;: i :=. vXICQffAVLIEVICIL Secretary.- -
A.N.\!'AL r:«-nr.j;-!=prlnr Valley Water V.crks
¦ — T;i<- -nr.uil n.eetirg oi Ihv st<>ckhol<lers of '
the Spring V*U»y U"»ter Works will be ht-ld ,
I' at tbe ofUce of the eouiJaiqr. l_e ft^ckton 1 et.. , ;
•--'Pan FVshdsco, «"*!.. at 12 o'clock tn. on :
.^vri.\\i:.- ; I>AY, the 10th day of January. JS'^J. ,
to 'j-uftto^ to .pene for the ensuing yar '•
¦ -trd fer the transaction- of tuch other busi-
'¦- rets as rrjv before the meetme.
1-EUIAM W. AMEK. Secretary.
JBXOCKIIOLZ'EK--"' iiie^tinir— The annual meet- .
: 1-.^ tit the Ftfjckhfiid"rs of the California Dry i
; : Dock Ccrr.j-ar.y wl-.l l>e h»'.a at. the. office of •
the con:r.£n>. No. :c_ Cnl'.ffwnia street. San \
K'!*r.c;f=<«. Cal.. c:i MONDAY. January S. :
19Q9, .t. 11 o'clock a. in., for the purpose oi i
*"l>-ctii:c a beard cf directors to serve for the
? ?- ..car aT.d for-tbe transaction of such j
<ther bniaeaa as rr.ay properly come Were
th« r!-r,:.nf. \V. F. RffSELL. S«>rretary.
Office No. *C 2 Cjiliforr.ia tt.. room S. Saa ;
F-ar.rifco. Cat.. I>»ce.rr.ber t«. ISS9. :
ANNI'AL jneetlrts — The r»pular annual aiMt-
.. ins of the etocfchoMem of the Wlttram I'ro- j
peller CoiXipsziy will jj* h"ld at their office, !
TX7 Market rt.. San Francisco. California, "n •
MONI'AY. the elrhth day of January, ISM, '
¦1 the boor of z r. .m.. for th* porpom of '¦
¦; «lect:r.?T a 1a 1 board of directors to Fr-rve for the .
¦*r.Fu!r.K year, ar.d The transaction of such !
cir.cT business ts rnav crime b»fcre the meet- \
•jtaf.--- CHARLES -A.-. HUG. Sec.
Office, ,23, _I_rket ct., £an Francisco, Call-
tojxja. - ¦
TKE rrrual meetinp of the KtockhoMers o!
Tiie Nevada Nat 'rr.ai, Bank of P»>n Fraadsco. :
'-.'CaL; ¦will y-e helj ex it? tonkirg house. 2CI
HaDtfrvrtTy ft:. ?an Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January '9. ISX>. at 3:15 o'clock
ji. rr... tar the election cf directors to serve for
the- ensulne year, _. an J the tran«iction cf Fueh
rt!:er b"jf;;ness gs tyay c— c before the rr.pet-
!nr. GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
San Fr:ir!Kro. December 3. lr??.
ANNI'AL meetinc-The KEGULAR ANNUAL
MKKTIN'G r.f the EtnckboMera of tho Pa.iaro
Ve'!i>- C-n'MiUa'rd' Itailroed Co. i\-ill b*> hejd
ct \U* office of th<- «.Torr.par.y. ?.2~ Market ?t..
Bab Frar:"iyco. Cal.. en MONDAY, the l.'th
«".ar f-f January. 3?.0-1. c» the hour of 11:15
oV'.rwk «. rh-.". . f^r' lite pmpux r 'f rfectteS! a
%.rr.r4. cf (iirertofs' tc f*nr* for the on<-vins
ypr,r iad the- transact ion cf f_fh other -husi-
. rtt-ni b« mav-ronv before th^ m^-tin^. Treji*-'
¦ter-ttodkm -ws.ill «-lof>«> oh FRIDAY. January 12,
_NQ at S'O'cfock p m. • - .- -.
.'. ,• . .W. 11. lIAXNAM. Secretary.
poKROTv' iri .dlamoD-v: -ecjecy: arfrate eu-
rrKn^»: private rtaa."-"Cpcl* Ilarxl*. Y~ Gmnt.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
free: R. W. KING, rocm ir,.-fli>t f.oor.
C:-.r'>nic!<- buiMine-. no advance c"harsrr: nil.
raffj, estates. Triortjtace?.. <!amaire». coliec-
t!ir.«: bankruptr y; *-115s, <tc, drawn; meder-
-•«. f<-fp; rp.il or writ".
S/iUVJCE Ir*">: divorce l*w a private;
no '"* without (tucc^F?; c/illectlccs. G. W.
HOTTJ? any »t law. STiO Market, cor. Ftocktn.
fr"" 1 : no charge unless successful. \V.
TT. r>AVir>SON. '.fl r.:*rket Ft., opp. Mason.
J". H. MKKZBACH. auorr.ey at law. has re-
practice at M 3 Cal. st.. CJunie b'.dj.
J-. p. •¦LAUK. Bon Bpfeckeia iv.dr.. ?J" Mar-
Vet Ft.: BOMtAtattaa free; no fee« In advar.ee.
BOARD AXD ROOMS.
3— THn~NORM AnT)I K." "2C IZadT^NewTr^fur^
r.is:hr-il thrnuphout: thoroughly renovated and
paj>T*>dj fuinry. pnlt<--« and Finale room*; hot
v.-ater in evf-ry rriom: n^w manajfeuient : ta-
I>1<» hoarder? BCCOmißo4at-d: tah;e;
w3I tx> ready to receive rut-sta Januarj" 1.
1-3— United fitate? Hotel; rooms $1 W
\ffrk up. wj»h beard. JFi J-T; r-jlte for two with
lioard. tl": board. Ji week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator rur.*« all nlefct. - -
[HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market — F.l«wnt
• ew furniture; f.rst -clays in every reFpfct;
iai> unsiiMrOi-rtf-d: hot and coid water; ele-
%-ator; rui»p«. "«-i}h bonrd for 2. ft£ rnor.th up.
HOY.'.inn. 1?43-Room and excellent tx>ar_. $20
I-»r month; h'-xrie fv;mforts. -'.•-.,
2O :'.V family hnt»l; f.rtt-cIaFS in ail appoint-
r«r.ts: exr»»:irnt table, f-'l California, tt.. oc-
CBpytoK ClMMtl ornoslte Grace Churrh.
2vl '"LV tCrßtahefl room With tinard: home
C"*-.kir.R; prbrate fnmiiy: f-r.tleman preferred.
/ ".-iresß box 743. Call office.' a
»OBCLCKAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Sur.-
rr ru'.tef : beat hoard: for 2. tC up; eingle. KO.
LAS I'ALVAP.Ittd Market et.-Suiteof 2 <-, r I
l~na.; private; },ath: Fin. rmsj board optional.
OTARUKLL. 742 — CVan. comfortable room*;
c vml *.abi^ board: ftrms to hoildsy trnnKi"nt«.
BO^rifAT •on staaoa. fum'ture. diarnend".
p:i!r.tir.;rs: fterrt-ry. I'nclr Harris. 15 Grant.
_nOAHD AXD ROOMS WANTED.
"WV NTEl>— Fir^t-class lioard: man nn,l wife:
t> rth of Geary Ft.-snd east of Van Ness aye.;
private bath. Answer, statin? location, ac-
o mmodations ar.d pric<\ box *SZZ. Call office.
.ANY amo'ir.t tn loan you on diamonds: low ln-
tr-»M. I'NH.K 'lARRIS. IT. Grant avf.
BOARDING FOR CIIILDnEX.
. i
3_XCELLEXT home for bal.y; nl.«e room with
jcat*' for rarcnt; reasonable; gooi references
«* Vifth Ht. •
JWTDOW, han a nice how, wants a rmall child
tr. tv-ard: cood home; l>"st care. 2€S Fetl tt.
IJOOKS-— \E\V AM) OLD.
EOIOC'L HOOKS bought ard exchan^edt
E'::m»-« n.-x»k Co.. 704 Mi^yina rt.. rear Third.
EOOTS AND SUOES.
Ladies' fine white bride *andal»
<I"r<»ri^h hetls); rr^cial pnee, only }! a pair
FnOI'LICS EHOS STORE. "Cheaoect of
T'-.ti All." IS'i3 Stockton Ft., nr. Brondway.
IJUSINESS CHANCES.
J^-im— RESTAURANT. 3 blocks from Market
et.; irood location; doin;r nice steady busincsn;
nlccir fittryl: new lumltur*-; o^I! and inveuti-
gxte. FTf-XBEKO ''P.. SCM: Kearny Ft.
JWV.NTED — For cai«h bayern. hutcher shop,
whole or half shar«:-: manufacturing; business.
•» hele or half share; cigar t>t&nd: lodeinp-
_l -.uses. SCHOTTLEU & <"0.. C 32 Market tt.
t'J' WILL start you in well-fltti-d up rfstaurant.
£ C) i OITLEK <fc CO.. C 2 Market Ft.
M]O"M " GTTQrTTTT and delicacy: lx»Ft torn Kings
Co.; JTi daily. K REDO & CO.. 22^ Gear?- St.
*2n GROCERY end bar at im-olce; good cor-
> rer; Jl5 dally. KRKI'O & CO.. —'a Gecry Ft.
JWOOD and coal yard for tale. SSS' Eeccnd St.,
near fcauin I'ark.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
jV—jCTA— CIGAR and candy store: rent $20: very
bt"*t location n<->rth of M-rket St.; a first-class
liayir.K business; larpe stock. Call 11. G.
WILKE, S«« Market *v
A— s7oo; COFFEE Faloon and chop house; rent
$55; open day and night and doing a llrst-elass
paying business. Call R, G. WILKE, Wi
Market st.
A— s.:oo- FKI'IT ard grocery, with horse and
S-ftgoa: daily receipts $20; rent $30; full value
In Ficht; a snlrndid chance. Call R. O.
WILKE. TO6 M-rket St.
jjno — NICE pxocery business, with a good ealoon
trade en Folsom, near 11th; over $300 stock
on hand; 2 living rooms. R. G. WILKE. 9M
Market tt.
po9^-BALOON:««st*bllEhed years; lease if
wanted; Mnrkot and Mason ms. : first-class;
pnvinp: value of furniturp and stock fIECO; a
splendid bargain. Particulars It. ti, WILKE,
NS Market ft.
A— s4:oo; THE leadinz restaurant and oyster
parlors on Market *t.. close to Powell; open
day and nicht: clearing about $J'.O ]>er month;
Ifare. O.M K. <;. WILKE. '>'<fi Market st.
A— ssoo; GROCERY in Oakland, with ho—c and
wagon; rent $10: a good jayine Imsine??: all
freth stock. CaU_K. G. WILKE. 90S Market.
X^sK>o- RESTAURANT, oyster and chop
house, with daily receipts of 430; only first-
cla*s prices: rent t<3: the best location in this
city. Call R. G. WlLKK._j_.Q_Markft et.
A— CORNER Fr.locn with 7 years' ' lease In
•wholesale district; J-laee established years;
clecrinß frum JSi.O to HOO l>er month: no better
oCtcr in market. U. G. WILKE. »X Market.
A— s4oo- DELICACY ftore and branch bakery,
on l_irkln st.: rent $X.; Kood paying business:
fine pliiee fur 2 ladles or man ar.d wife. Call
R, G. WILKE.' 80G aisrket st.
ij'OV- sTEThin in PotxerOb near Union 1 Iron
. Works- lull value in Etock; rent J2U month.
' BASILE, 3 Eddy st. A.
SALOON" the best in the city for price; corner;
side entrance to caf.-: good business and
etx-k: torgnln. f.S2 Market st.. room 6.
FOR •aie^-t's'* Nome i>lacer claims: each full
ilaizk lr.<ju"ire AUTHUK HAMILTON. Grand
Hotel. '
BRANCH bakery and stationery store for Bale
cheap- 1334 M-Sslon st.
UVtniVPAYING mechanics' rrstaurant; in years
.staK: 6 Mvinfc rooms; bit-gain to-day. SSI B*y.
PARTNER wonted— J3oo. hair cash, in one of
the I'nest corner saloons in city, with side
entrsnee ar.d. wine nwras; low rent; receipts
$1"; t : < $ir. per day: fixtures first class, l'a-
clttc JCx.-har.-e.' 1019 _ Market st.
{7W— COKNEK saloon and lodging house; bar-
gain ; cr» account of departure. Me LAUGH-
LIN ¦& CO.. 777^, Market Ft.
$j;<v.— GOOD-PAYING- delicatessen - n "' lunch
roorr^; finest and best, trade in tiie city;
every Investigation offered; no agents. Box
<S3X."-Cflll office.
jpOR rale— r-cbalr barber Fhop and cicarstand.
chear : owner wi?lie« to leave city. Apply
ot DKCKKLMAN BHOS.. 103 Ellis st.
CHOICE business for* sale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of npa.ls and Mexican
antique curios. Address b-wc 4SIS, Call.
NICE" store, suitable for any business. 3IS
O'Fa-rreli. opp- Orphcum: apply 15 Grant aye.
DRU«iSTOJ'.i;— Below Invoice; must tell before
Jaxmaxy >J: eooil- reason. Railroad aye. and
Park f-t., Alameda,^ '
COFFKF. «nd t*-a roi:trs ruppiled from GEO.
W. CASWKLL ¦£ CO.'F. 4)r Sacramento Ft.
SHOP for rainier. rlumV>»r, carpenter: rent
¦Ad more In work. WM. lIENDIUCKSON
,4c CO., €14 Ca!l butldir.e 1^
A BRANCH office for the. reception of adver-
tiken;»'nts ar;d transcription* has been opened
et 11^3 Polk Ft.; cpen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subFcrir lions has Leon established at 104 Va-
lencia £t.
A ISKANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwft corr.er of Twenty-secor.d and Ken-
t-jeky sts.: open until 9 p.
CIir:AP?>T .Tr. 1 l.rf. !:i Ar:'ri--s— The Weekly
*:all. 1C l>agc». pent to ony aiJroes in tho #
United Pistes or Canada ono year for $1,
p?£t?sre raid. . .
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
LL r ATcKTrY7^lsC^un_ry^ag')n: niie top butsv.
nlmcst new; bue. bu.sy. new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry roods stores. £2S Harrison, j
NEWand:d-haridwajj,or.s,bu«ririe». carts nnd har-
r.°rs, wk & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, bucrie*. carts, harness,
etc . chesp. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission Ft.
ICO SKITS sec:r.<3-fcand bsnsesS; wagons, carts.
b-JEiti»s. purr^yy ar.d l'.ors»». 1110 Folsom ft.
7"ARFET BEATING: AXI> CLEANING.
WHEN you beccm«- <ii*sru>«tfd with poor work
tend to FPAL'LDING> Pioneer C-rp't-beat-
lr.z "iVorks. _S3-2C7 T«hsma Ft.;. tel. K. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning; Cc. 240 14th
5t.; cieanice. 3- PW yard; tel. Mission 74.
CITY f-tcam Carpet Heatlnc Works. G. H.
PTEVENS, m_r.. 28-40 ith Bt. ; tel. South 250.
J." MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
i". f't^venscn £t.; tel. South 2"3: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C: ?ult»r st. ;
tel. Main ZH. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned a* 3c t-er yard; laid at Sc.
FTRATTON'S. 3 El_hth st. : tel. Jessie 344.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlr-s Works. 3:3 Golden
Gate p\f.: te>r*nne EaFt lit.
cTaiiivoyants^and spiritualism.
ilßh: UK. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
the reveals every hl<lof-n rayptery: she will
show you how to overcome your enemies;, re-
move Tcinily troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the Fcparatta; recovers lo^t or Ftolen
property: locates minerals; flls your entire
lip. while in a r^rf ei t trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by.'fnsill; sen«J FtarriD for circular
with special ¦ terms. 1I1?S. DR. F. CLARK.
2f» Turk St.. nr. Jones. Home Pun. and eves.
A— PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
122 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and odmlration of the
most skeptical: Rives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
restores lost arf^tlon; If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call-on this gifted nifdium and he will
h*lp you; mediums developed in frr;m 3 to €
month*; letters containing three questions and
II answered; hours, 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated .Spanish
fcrtun» teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. S flayes Ft., room 7. second floor.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all iilsfiif>-s; sittings $1.
IiMK. HANSON. Dplmifttry, 10c: card reader;
part, pr*?F.»nt. future. tZc. US Sixth Ft., r. 12.
MME. MARQUISE, circle to-night nt S. o'clock.
V'c. U*> Mark'.-t. cor. Stockton, parlor floor.
MISS MELVILLE, preat clairvoyant ar.d water
reader: German epoken. S2IM: M'.sslon.op.Mlnt.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
r«-_o>r; Z>c. up. 73 Fourth Ft., near Mission.
MRP. WINCHESTER. 3CIO Clay— Circle to-
r.lsht. S: Tuerdsy, 2 p. m. ; consultation daily.
UME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Ft. Is the original
gypsy liff reader; r^adlnes. Tsc.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
I Ft.. 30 a. m. to 10 p. m.
i EDWARD EARLK, independent slate writer.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
UME. FHAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader; tit-
tings dally. 21_',s Sixth Ft.
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. Sc; truth or r.-j pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA resd? life fluently; business
advice: names flven; Ko up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
liand's picture. 2".c: Indies. 914 O'Farre!' st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
let» K-_cc«**sful. Room 210, 527 Market Rt.
HOG HOSPITAL.
PR. BUZARD'S Dor IlcspltsJ. Poet. Fillmore^
Advice ar.d ni'^dlclne 7jc; .city visits $1 50; all
anl:r,als treated: d'.'irs i.onrrted. Tel. West C3S.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. 6. HIGGINS' de^?«T~rarlors7~M7
Market e-t., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pan by use of electricity, j;as or
chloroform; el«o by local anaesthetics applied
I to the gums: the liest and most artistic dent-1
[ work at reasonable prices: pure gold flillncs
from $1 up; ether flllingi! from Me: badly de-
cayed tf-eth '-artfully treated and IHled or
crowned without pain; plates that nt from
$4 Id up; open eveaii'gs nnd Humla ,-s.
I A NEW ali-esthetic for painless dsntlstry—
I Eyncl. on application to the Eums. removes
j the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
I ond stronger than rubber; warranted lor 20
I years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; flllins?. 60c; crowns. $3 SO; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicaso Dental Parlors. 24 Slrth st.
DR. GEORGI-: \V. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ri.. rz.-
I tracts «nd nils teeth painlf ssly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crewns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received ft first
prizes; r.o students; guaranteed 12 years.
_>R. LUDLUM HILL. H43 Market *t., near
Eleventh— Crewns. bridge work and fillings a
»pec;a!ty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. If-Cl Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 213 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full s.-t of teeth, ti; crowns, $3; fillings, ZZc
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC^ Tm Ma£
ket et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
liave your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hears. 3 «. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to CO*)
¦ city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 11. G.
YOI^NG. 1841 Polk Bt.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
6. F. Dressmaking, Indies' Tailoring Parlorst
French tailorins system taught. 305 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post. pterO'Connorfc Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
iIE'AL^ r S~BuEi nes3"(3oUege7l4~Post Ft. 8. F.:
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
tjpins, languages. telegraphy, English
tranches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; i.ew SO-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
IJUSINESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DEK NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall; day and eve. ZO- Mont.
A7RES' Business College. 723 Market et.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. otid Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship V>o, Includes all branches.
IJIFS M. G. BARRETT is unable to till all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally nnd by mail. 302 Montgomery st.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
im-nth. £H)4 Taylor st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on sta^t?.
Hallett, Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell ft.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PIIOF,
MERKI. 1008 MlEFlon; viqlin. mandolin, cultar.
'•EXPANSION" the order nt DURHAM'S Busl-
neFs Collfge, 3u5 Larkln Ft., opp. City Hall.
DANCING. 1 all room or stace. quickly tauaht,
prlv.or clafrs. Barker's Academyi 92t Mission.
LAW pchonls. ?27 Market, B. F., and ?OT. Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arlt hmetie. grammar, wrltin- j
day and ni'pht: terms low. 1924 Mlsslon,nr,«th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thcr4hijrh Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School. 8.-in nafael, for young
men and boys; EastT term begins Jan. 1.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rare?, in wrapper, for mulling. $1 mr v»ar.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42S Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1331.
FIELD'S? Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. C 5. r » Clay st.; phone Davis SSI.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE] and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414»4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
heir GEO. OAKI. SO Geary Ft.: tel. Grant 36.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG Bwcdlsb woman wishes work by the
day; br-t of references. MUB. NORTON. 8U
Hutter st. I
YOUNG Swedish Girl: rood cook and house-
worker; $15 to |20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
SWEDISH second plrl: rood waitress and
seamstress. MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter St.
NEAT younit pirl desires situation as nurse;
$16; refs. M 133 CULLEN, 825 Sutter gt. _ .
RF.FINED Danish Klrl desires situation at sec-
ond work; refn. MISS CULLEN; 325 Hutter.
TWO flm-class Scandinavian cooks, with the
best of refrronccs, \vl«h situations. J. V.
CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter et.
YOUNO ¦\vcmnn with experience wishes cham-
ber-work; ljdKlnß house or hotel. Address bux
4*«. Ca!l efnee. ,
YOUNG lady wishes position as accompa.nl»t on
the piano with one or more Instruments. Ap-
ply S34D Howard st.
GERMAN girl, good washer and lroner, wishes
work fur few more days, steady, every week.
41S Powell _t. j
AMERICAN woman wishes work to do wash- \
ing. ironing, house cleaning or office work.
Box 4545, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, good cook, kind to :
children, wishes position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call 6S-76 Ellis Bt., r. 131, 1 to 3.
GIUL wants to do peneral housework and small
washing: no prrmll children; wages $22 to $25.
Call 4W Fourteenth st.
YOUNG Swedish Kirl wishes to take care of a
child or an invalid. Address 222 B St.. North
Oakland.
LADY wishes a ff.w more places to wash by
the day. 264 First St.
YOUNG German girl wishes place to assist
with housework. 116 Clay et.
EXPERIENCED raleslady seeks position In
bakery- 1520 Folsom Ft.
GOOD woman wants ehomberwork or any kind
by day. E. JOHNSON. 355 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wants position.
Call 4SO Fourteenth st.
RESPECTABLE youne lady wishes position
where ?he can ko to college from 6 p. m. to 9
I>. m.: position more of an object than wages.
Call at 1057 Howard st.
COMPETENT srlrl desires position In a good
family. Box 80, Call office. „¦";
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engaK'mentß by ladles in confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third nt.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO night; $1 50 to $6
¦week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrintions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. ; open till 9 p. m.
BORROW rmney of the respectable and relia-
ble hou*e of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fuljFcriptlcr.s has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
Bt 1223 Poll: ft.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man of cood address wants employ-
ment; can give reference. Address box 4524
Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes situation in
private family. Call or address MOW LEE,
714 Dupont st.
HIGH-SCHOOL graduate wants position in 8.
F. or Oakland. Address box 4544, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes work in machine shop to
complete trntfe. Address box 4201, Call olllce.
A SOBER sln.le man, with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
nnd steady worker, who knows every dloease
of trees and the remedy for it, and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly eddress and cive particulars,
box 7421. Call office.
RELIABLE man, understanding citrus, de-
ciduous and ornamental trees, horses, garden,
wants to care for home place; private family;
references. Address A. L. 8., 641 Bush st.
YOUNG man would like a position In some
electrical works to learn trade; small wages
to commence. H. FORBES. 11SS Sherman st..
Alameda. ¦ > ¦.
BARKEEPER; sober, reliable; good mixer;
best of city references; would like position.
'Address box 4 53?. \Call office.
PHOTO ne*. retoucher, first class, wants posi-
tion. GUSTAV CORK, 26-jU Natoma. S F.
WORK wanted by married man; a good engi-
neer: or anything at living v.-agee. Address
It, H. R.,2MJS Lacuna street.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position to run
elevator; best references. Box 4533, Call.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlons has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12?3 Pnlk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Cnll advertisements and
rubFcj-Iptions hns been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till S n. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107114 Market et.. San Francisco; exam. free.
FLATS TO LET. '(
A. M. SPECK ~&~<rbT'c67~Tlarket BtT" ~"
8 Willow ay..C r.51G]1345 Howard. < r $19
liT>; llason. 5 r 10 242S Geary. 6 r 20
£V 37 Calif.. 5 r 15J2328 FlUmore. 6 r.... 25
ELEGANT new flat: 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 715 Grove at. ¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgoncr;.-.
UPPER flat— 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry:
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmore.
BORROW mon»v of the respectable and rella-
ble hou-e of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ftve.
FLATS TO LET — FUKXISIIED.
5 BIRCH aye.— 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
FRKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angles. Cal.
1 **"^"" ™ ™— ~* — — -~" ~* ~-~ ¦~~*~~— * — *~* — — — *" —^^
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 »0;
heavy mattlns. 10c per yard; 30x60 inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 13i0-1312 Stockton
ft., near Broadway; open eveninps.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4$ CO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE) "WANTED.
V.*. E. L'ODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, corpets. 757 Mission; tel. R«d. 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets, furniture, etc.; highest
price pnld: postal. M. Pllverstoln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
THE right man to Bell something new; no com-
petition; big money. H. W. PRATT, 18 Mont-
gotiH'ry st. ________________
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN ACO 104 Geary Bt.
Mrs. Delia Sheridan, please call at once;
hotel housekeeper. $40; 2 fancy maids, ladies'
clothes, fur Southern California, special rates;
4 more waitresses for Ixjs Anpeles. $25 and
special rates; _o waitresses for commercial
hotels, country; 10 waitresses for city hotels,
¥20 each; 4 regular restaurant' waitresses. $7
6iid $0 week; chambermaid to wait, mmmg 1
camp, t3O. <\ 11. HANSEN' & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED — Scandinavian Kirl for general
housework. 3 in family, $25; English or Scotch
lady's maid. $15; French and German second
Cirls. ?2o and $25; 6 second Klrls. $20 and $25;
American cook as working housekeeper on
fnrm, no other woman on the place, $30;
working housekeeper for widower's famUy.
Tl5, country, fnre paid, no objection to one
child: 3 cooks for lnHtltutlona and hotels. J25
nnd $?0: kitchen maid for institution. $1S;
nurrep, $20; C waitresses, restaurants and
private board Ins: houses. $20; 2 German or
Scandinavian laundresses. $25 nnd $30; also
a very lame number of girls of all nationali-
ties to fill 100 situations for housework In
ilty and country at $20 to $30. J. F. CRO-
BETT, SIC Butter st.
TWO second pirls for the country. $20 each;
mother with daughter 10 to 12 years, $20, see
)>arty herein o'clock; boarding-house cook,
$£0: women to do light housework, $15, short
distance; girl or woman, light work, $10: 8
house girls. $25: chambermaid, hotel, $20;
waltrers. $15 to $20; middle-aged woman,
country. $25. MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter Bt.
WOMAN with a child; $15; city. MISS CUL-
LEN, 22f> Sutter st.
KITCHEN mold: country: institution. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Kutter Et.
GIKL for general housework; 3 in family: must
have reference; call from 3 to 1. 1275 O'Far-
rell Ft__
I NEAT girl to assist In housework; wages $15.
11. MOHNS, Morton Station, narrow-gauge,
I Alnrr.eda.
WANTED— Reliable middle-ag»d woman; pood
heme; small wages. Apply l. r .25 Ellis st, near
Fillmore.
WAXTKD-A Protestant clrl to assist in light
housework nnd care of two children. Apply
310 Church St.
WANTED— A younr elrl for general house-
work: wasrs M 5. Apply from a to 12 at 2515
Devlsadero St. -:-'
GERMAN or Swedish Kirl for general house-
work and assist with child. Call at 13 Scott
St., betv.-een 10 a. m. and 1 p. m.
YOUNG woman to do housework and take raw
of 3 children for a widow. Apply at SO7 Fil-
bert Bt^
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening, ct 6 o'clock.
OPERATORS wnnted In factory on ladles' un-
derwear. 723 Market Bt., room Sjs
EXPERIENCED shirt operators. Apply HEY-
"NEMANN &- CO.. 410VJ Mlswlon St.
GIRL~Ter housework at 2126 Post at. Call in
. the morning.
i YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $10.
I 2777 Twenty-fourth tt.
YOUNG grirl for light second work. Apply be-
tween 10 and 12. mornlnc. 2203 Buchanan st.
! GOOD waitress wanted. E2S Fourth et.
WANTED— Apprentice on custom coats. C2OA
Jessie st.
WANTED — First-class tailoress on custom
pants. 4114 Kearny st.
WANTED— A finisher on custom pants; come
I early. 757 A Howard nt.
I YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10 to $12. 710 Cole st.
I GIRL for general housework. Apply al 2312
Clay st. .
WANTED— GirI for ceneral housework nnd
cooking; wages $20. ¦ Apply 2930 Sacramento.
GOOD, reliable girl for general housework. Call
at 235 Third aye.: Geary-st. cars.
YOUNG Rlrl to assist; s p nernl housework and
baby. 1223 Buchanan st., near Turk.
WASTED — Experienced bookfolder; also 2 ap-
prentices. CiS Monteomery ft.
WAITRESS wanted. Restaurant. 122 Fifth st.
YOUNG Klrl for light housework; good wages.
1419 Golden Gatn nve.
WANTED— Operator on Bonaz braiding ma-
chine. Call room 6G. 14 Grant aye.
CO OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles'
underwear. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED— Young Klrl for licht housework.
FRANCIS. 706 Sutter Bt.
GIRL for ceneral housework; wages $15. Ap-
ply 1130 Fulton st.
TRIMMERS, salesladies and mp.kers; the best
only; position year round. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework
and cooking; small wash,' wages $25. Call at
1727 Vallejo bU
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; aliw finisher;
Hrst-class wages; steady work. 9f.fi Mission.
WANTED — Experienced men's neckwear hands;
also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON, 518
Market st.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gouch and Grove sts.
WOMAN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
• chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES to iearn harber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very prontabla busi-
ness; hairdressing taught In Jour weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. C 35 Clay Bt.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offica for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established st 1096 Va-
lencia et.
A BHANCB office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been .opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m. \
A BRANCH otnee fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
' turky sts. : open until 9p. m.
~ HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon, $25 to $30
and fcund; farmers, ?25 month and $1 day;
teamsters, $1 day and Woard; cake baker, $15
and found: bread baker, $45 to $50; candy-
maker for country: hotel waiter, $20; restau-
raj-.t eteward. $13 week; restaurant cook, $10
week; night clerk and porter, $2i> and found,
bellboy. $10 and found, and others. J. F.
CIIOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. •
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 620 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Proeressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
lIONKST nnd sob^r young man to tend bar and
lurch counter; German preferred; references;
wages $30. Apply , IC9 Powell st.
£0 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
this (Wednesday) evenlnc, at C o'clock.
BARBER wanted for evenings; Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday, ics Fourth st.
BARBER and bootblack. 947 Fillmore St., cor-
ner McAllister.
BARBERS— 3 chairs and complete outfit at a
bargain, fill O'Farrell st.
SOLICITOR for Job printing; man or woman;
wages. Red Seal Printing Co., 506 Market st.
i
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. 11. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, scraper holders and dumpmen for
the Coast Road, free fare; rockmen'and labor-
ers for the White Pass and Yukon Railroad,
Alaska; buggy washer, $60; gardener and man
ab<?ut place, private place, $25; Janitor with
Kood reference, $40; creameryman, $30; milker,
$25.
Uarber for country hotel; all-around laun-
drynian. country. tV> and found; second cook,
restaurant. $40: S bellboys, $10. $15. $25; 2 ba-
kers' helpers, $25 and $3u. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN ES4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
4 laborers for bridge and construction com-
pany $52
15 laborers, no experience required
$2 to $2 75 day
10 laborers, fare COc $2 day
4 more men to dig ditches $26 and found
5 laborers for mines $30 and found
3 furnace helpers $30 and found
laborers for ranch $20 and found
4 men to burn brush and work in orchard
$20 and found
farmer and wife for orchard. ...s3s and found
choreman and wife $40 and found
German farmer and wife
milker and butter maker, see boss here
$30 and found
farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$20 and $25 and found
G ranch teamsters $26 and found
10 two-horse teamsters ". $1 "5 day
15 four-horse teamsters $2 day
4 teamsters, city work $26 and found
scraper holders for railroad work — $1 75 day
German cabinet maker; blacksmith's helper;
choremen and boys; gardener for private fam-
ily, $25 and found, see boss here. MURRAY
6 Ready. 634 and ,626 Clay Bt.
9 COOKS, hotels, restaurants and boarding
houses, $30. $40 and $50 and found; bed maker;
baker, country shop: baker's helper; 5 wait-
ters, $20 and $25: plnno player; dishwashers,
etc. MURRAY & READY. €31 and 636 Clay.
150 MEN to chop wood, make ties, pickets,
shlnple bolts, etc.. In different parts of Cali-
fornia; tools nnd provisions advanced. MIR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 63fi Clay Bt.
WE PAY YOUR FARE. NO EXPERIENCE
required for 10 common laboring men to work
in the sawmills nnd woods; we ship to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Millwright for quartz mine; must
be first-class; $5 per day and expenses^paia
to mine. Apply with references to \\. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
ACTIVE men/and women everywhere to take
orders, for "Life of Moody." the great evange-
list; sells at Bight; sample enabling you to
mako from $3 to $7 dally. by mall free on re-
quest. Address Globe Bible Pub. Co.. (23
Chestnut at.. Philadelphia. Pa,
RELIABLE man to drive wagon, solicit and
deliver orders at th? American Clothing Ren-
ovatory. Dyeing end Cleaning Works; small
capital required. Apply to GUS BERNZOTT.
15u Eddy at.
WANTED— Gentleman teacher to teach gTam-
mar and corresponding 30 minutes each even-
ing; must reside near Park panhandle; state
terms. Address Mr. S.. box 4543. Call office.
WANTED— Brleht. active boy to run errands
and do such work as is required of him; sal-
ary $15 per month. Address box 22 Call.
WANTED— A boy about 17 years of age for of-
fice work; one who has had experience. Ad-
dress box 4547. Call office.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light out-
door work; will pay $16 per week; must havo
jiKX). 1016 Market et.. room 10.
FIRST-CLASS horsesnoer wanted at E37 Green
etreet.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 3 Jackson st.
WANTED— First-class chocolate and bonbon
dipper. THAIN'B. 781 Market at.
JAPANESE schoolboy wanted; $150 per week.
712 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Young men to wait et table; $5
¦neck. Restaurant, £33 Sixth st.
GOOD waiter for a restaurant. 359 Hayes st.
WANTED— A cook at Washington Hotel. 624
Fourth st.
GOOD barber -ranted. 514.5. Third it.
WAITER wanted. 217 Sixth st.
GOOD barber: steady Job to right man. 252
Ellis st
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watcher,
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; exfxrt in-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S HARBEIi
COLLEGE, fi3."> Clay st. The only institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
; teach the art.
WANTED — First-class operator on custom
coats. 106 Battery Bt.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street.
SEAMEN, green hands and. ordinary* seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart St.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 4>>6 McAllister.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
50c. 502 Mission St., betv.-een Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Laborers ami mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno Houfp proprietor, still
runs Di-nver -IoUFe, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to JK per week.
MEN nnd women to learn barber trade; day
nnd evening classes. Expert instruction at S.
F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
PENRIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Heam bldg.. Third and Market.
i^o SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per nlsht. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c nldht; readlne room; free
'bus and baffßage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions nas been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st». ; open until a p. m. .- ; '.--¦'
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc Fop Snle
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carte, hnrness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
DO HEAD fine draught and rtrivlng horses at
1021 and 1625 Market Rt.. het. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team, 164; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. Aye.
THREE or four Jersey cows for sale; very gen-
tle; for family uae. J. F. PERLE. Angel Isl.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market" st!
¦ RELIABLE BROKERS
30 rooms; new house; nevr furniture $2000
44 rooms; corner; part cash; rent $125 2000
64 rooms; corner: part cash 3900
St rooms: part cash: corner 1250
33 rooms; corner; rent $125; elegant 2iX»O
13 rooms; piano; elegant 850
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market Bt. ""
$2CO0 — New building; near Chronicle.
$MX) — Clean furniture and paying well.
$3000^ — 30 rooms; cheap rent; downtown.
$50<>— Gf-nry st., near Jones; rent $50.
iISOO — Near Olympic Club; 30 rooms.
$1000— Near Phelnn Fountain; 21 rms. ; rent $SO.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. e67 Market st.
IS-ROOM house; all new; central $750
17-room house; rent $50 4JO
€&-room house; clears $450 4000
10-room house: nice home 325
t5-room house; clears $200 1800
Money to loan. GALE. 820 Parrott bldg.
14 ROOMS, well furnished: rent $40 $X*>o
11 rooms; all rented; rent $20 275
40 rooms; fine location: rent $75 1000
J_.l rooms at great bargain: rent $200 3600
i 5 r.; rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
HOUSES TO 'LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: larce yard: rent $37 50.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: 'polite at-
tentlnn. UNCLK HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
j LOST AND POUND.
RAN away from stable yard, 316 Tenth St., at
6 P. m. Tuesday, bay horse 7 years old;
•weight about 1200 Dounds: harness and bridle
attached to it. Parties having caught or in
possession of the same are requested to com-
municate with the owners. GAMBRINUS
BOTTLING CO.; telephone South 83.
LOST— Saturday night, black pocketbook; eye-
glasses inside; name on card. Please return
to 362S Twenty-sixth st. ; reward.
LOST — Jan. 1, a pair of field glasses, in Valen-
cia-it, station. Please return to J. W. PET-
TEB, 2505 Leavenworth St., and receive lib-
eral reward.
LOST — New Year's eve, sealskin cane, on
Rausch or Langton st. Return to 1141 Howard
Bt. ; reward.
LOST— lvory crcoked-head cane; appreciated by
owner as a relic; will pay reward if returned
to room 6, 228 Post st: no questions asked.
LOST— Small fawn greyhound bitch; white spot
on nose. Reward at 3143 Sixteen' j st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Small black and tan dog, on Halght St..
near Webster. Suitable reward if returned to
420 Halcht st.; license 2733. •
LOST— Greyhound dogr: color blue. Return to C.
Anderson, Montgomery Hotel, 2d St.; reward.
LOST— Bay horse; white star on front of head:
mark T. B. on hind left leg. Inquire at 1102
Mission st.
! LOST— Scotch collie; tan and white; white on
breast and neck; & months old. Return to
; 2840 Jackson gt. : reward.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black spot on
head; has pups. Return to 142S Turk; reward.
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemia Savlng3
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of EMMA A. BOLLIER. No. 1,0-640.
The finder will Dleas* return to bank.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rapes, s»nt to any address In the
United fttate-. postpaid, for tl p*r r?ar.
MEDICAL.
MRS DR KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5: consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 a. m. to S p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladies' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care:
guaranteed treatment st office. J5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. 1 bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 3.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully ; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1C23V4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Office. US Eddy St.. near Mason.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
I*t. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 yean;
call en a physician with man's knowledge;
cure X: consultation free. 313 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $i.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a rh. to C p. m.; at recldence, 223 Van Ness
aye., 5 to 9p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $3.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyds
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist.' lll3 Market
et ; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. US Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any addre«s In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; f>o cents per share or monthly install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO., 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bta
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 544.
MISCELLANEOUS KOU SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN. 133-IS7 Fremont st.
BARS, counters, showcases, '.lielvinp. mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. IW3 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture at\d fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-101D-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
1 11. B. SMITH 4-sided sticker; 1 Goodell &
Waters planer & matcher. 24x6: 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; i locomotives; 3 strs.
220 Fremont st.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants.
Etcamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion saf*-s, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. F. Cat.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 ZO. BACIOALUPI.
K33 Market St., San Francisco.
SHOTGUN. Remington. 12-gauge. $<?. 109 Minna
eL, In rear, room ,">S. J. Hl'RNs.
FOR *>ale — Or.c choice fresh family cow; Jer-
sey and Durham. Inquire 3S7S Mission st.
A— l 3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERP, engines, drill presses, planers-lath^s,
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 lieale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market si.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinet; 54 lights. Ad-
dress box 41D4, Call office.
NEW No. :.S Majestic range, with steam table
and cooker. Address box. 4193, Call office.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Loan office. 702 Kearny st.
NEW style Singer sewing m.ich!nes:js drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. l.'th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bultard & Breck, 131 Post st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN,
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st., below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BUTS sells.' rents gear machinery, bollcrj,
water pipe: new, 2d-hand. Whitelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tha Weekly
Call, 16 pages, tent to any address in th*
United States cr Canada en» year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
WANTED— IOO kittens: tiger breed; good price.
Apply LOUISE CANCER. 803 Montgomery St..
top floor, room t.
HIGHEST price paid for all Ulnds of curios
nnd Philippine relics. 625 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED— Piano for storage or low rent. Ad-
dress box 4533, Call^
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. 323
Gclden Gate aye.
LOT of old windows and tank closets: must b«
cheap. Address box 1254. Call office.
MONEY TO LOW.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50
to }ICO,OGO;*6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; adviro
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. (KG Market.
HIGHLY" respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry ai low-
est rates. lialdwin Jewelry .^tor«, J>4C Mark::
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. JIcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per v.eiit. Urn.
second mortgages, estates in probati. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; cl-iattel
mortgages; confidential; a-lt ire fr?e. t». E.
OLSKN. room 18, first iloor. Chronicle blOff.
ON rr-nl estate, Ist or 2nd snort sari's, ;tnd en
furniture or pianos; no :-"mov:it: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable <.la.cc to borrow on C-fctnonda,
watches, jewelry. W. J. U___TlL\L, V> Sir.tn;
highest prices for old £n\A .-liver, dlamor.ds.
ANY amount by private party in fuin'.turo an-I
pianos; no removal- low rot.vj; confidential
UONELLI, Conservatory bldff, 133 I'jv.vll rt
AT 12« Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal. «iu!ck
service; money direct; lowest interest; lioni^
CS and 63. Donohoe buildlnc. 1170 Market _t.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note withe.it
lndorser. MORKKLL. 609 Examiner boltd-BS.
$SOCO TO loan on furniture and piaros at 2 De-
cent. WINSTON & CO.. lt_6 Matkei st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Ind >r«er.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan t;uil ling.
$00 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2<i r.'-->nin.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Men t gortwr/.
ON furniture, • pianos] without removal : ro
coKim^sion; private. LICK. 115 McAllister *t.
IF your property In mortgaged a:id you need
more money see H. ML'KPHY. o3) Marker n.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2000 on first mortgage. Address
box 1534. Call office.
OFFICES AXD STOIIES — TO L!_T.
3-STORY and basement brick building; eleva-
tor; adapted for storage or manufacturing;
190 Stevenson «.. near Third; rent $75. MAD-
ISON & BURKE.
328 AND 32S Pacific st.— 2 handsome large store-
to let; cneap to cood tenant.
.MUSICAL INSTnUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and !-w-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purch-v-w
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for |« per month, and some good l plattos
for 13. $4 and $5 per month. SHE.RMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
ami Sutter 8t3.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Uroadway. Oakland. .
PACKARD pianos and organs are. "all right.**
Agency at MAUVAIS'. 160 Market st. .
THE sale of "Baby" Deckers during- the- holi-
days waa unprecedented. A new supply Just
received at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS for gramophones, grapho-
phones. Olympia music boxes. Wasborn ana
Ideal guitars. Stewart banjos. MAU\AIs»,-
7C9 Market st. '
ABSOLUTELY tha oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE' a.
r<>. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, onrans and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; term* ea.iy; prices lowest: every- 1
> thing possible done lo please and satisfy- tl>9
; cv£tomer.
! KNABK pianos: new scale: new styles. KOII-.
LKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
• ALL makes for a short time only, v .
j 14. 14. $4. Jl, $». $4 per month.
; 2 Chlckerinss. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose- & Boas and
£0 other slightly used high and medium grado
pianos: nr^cial discounts for cash. • •
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by experts the best in S. F. : nearly,
new. of sollii construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; value SGOO; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121.
AGENTS — Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians Invited to call and critically exam-
ine and rr.ake comparisons. Spencer Piano
House. ISIS Market St.; send for catalogues.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE Fischer & Ptetnwuy upright; sacrlflced.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary •*,
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only J6O. cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market it.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented I."! per month.
Scott-Curtax Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
"W. G. BAPGER. 412 Sacramento «.. agent for
Francis liacon and Hallett & Davis plajios.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORXUNU'g. 21S McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 13
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place-.
PERSONALS.
AN American gentleman, age 40. height 8 feet,
weight 17iJ pounds, of good appearance and no
bad habits. Kind ar.d loving disposition, would
love to become the companion for life in city
or country of a lady with means. Addreaa
carefully FRANK YOUART. box 4842. Call
office. San Francisco.
LEON LEMOS— A fine suit to order $19 75. or
pants J3 75. Our specialty In remnant* allow*
us to sell cheaper than ready made. ¦I* LE-
MOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop.
One-price Tailoring Co.: 632 Kearny St.. near
Sacramento; also 1044 Market St., under St.
Nicholas.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca prevents the hair fall-
ing out. makes it look like satin,. 35c bottle;
! Lederer's Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.l23 Stocktn.
LEPERER on TUESDAY only wtll sell all U
switches at 50c: halrdresslnsr. 23c; restored to
its natural color, JL 50 to ."i. with Schefner's
Colorine; 75c box. '123 Stockton st. . •
JOHN L. BOOSE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. i Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 100 rooms;
2*c tr> tl 50 per night; II 50 to X per w*ek;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Market st.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on 3. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN- buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, eld gold: send for him. 50<5 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brir-s»-
brac. H. MARKS. 2C3 Third st. ; send postal.
I HIRSUTIXE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book fcr stamp. 6 Eddy st.
I WANTED— O'.d cold for manuTg. O. NOLTE.
jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
I HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Week'y Call.
16 pases, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
HEAL 3STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO., i
£3 Market St. '
PATS 17£ PER CENT.
$6000— Cash; Steiner «., near Ellis: lot 59x90; 6
fiats of S and 7 rooms and bath; modern;
rents t127 50 per month.
NORTHEAST CORNER.
tlCOO— Close to Park panhandle: Mxll4 back to
rear street; 3 frontages; maks offtr.
MISSION FLATS.
$1000— Near Fourteenth and Valencia sts., a f•—
feet from Valencia st; north side; 3 nice-
appearing modern flats cf 4 and B rooms
and bath: rents ?32 per month.; lot 27:4
front as?; make offer.
VALLEJO-ST. RESIDENCE.
JC2oo— On Vallejo «t.. near Van Kess a-»tu; hcrass
S rooms and bath, laundry, «tc; lot 25x
137 :« feet.
HALF-BLOCK FROM POSTOFnCB.
J2Coo— Lot 23x75 feet; on north st<_s> Miaaa •_..
near Seventh: if lmsrovtd with fiats
would pay 15 per cent. : .* ;-;
A BARGAIN.
CHEAPEST LOT IN RICHMOND DISTRICT.
tSCO— S4SO bank :u_rtga_-e can r-rnatn: Second
aye.. a few feet north o£ Point Lotos ars.:
Kxl2o feet.
NEW AND MODERN
WESTERN ADDITION FLAT 3.
$1000 Cash, balance on- mortgage; I Cats, ¦ an 3
€ rooms snd bath.
$«100— Post st.. rear Devisadero: t flats: I and I
rooms and bath; rents $CCi per ar.r.um.
$6750— Clayton St.. half-block from Park pan-
handle: 2 fiats; 5 and < rooms and batn;
rents $."__ per annum.
$SOoO— Pine St.. near Scott.: 2 Cats; < and X
rooms ar.d bath; rents $SC3 per annum.
$8:00- : Webster *t.. near Po«rt. : 3 Cats; • and 3
rooms and bath; rents $720 per annum.
$16.(500— Fe1l st., N. E. cor., opposite Park pan-
handle; lot 31:3x137:4; 3 flats; 7 rooms
and bath; rents $1342 per annum.
BUILDER'S CHANCE.'
$7SoC— Larg9 building lot. 1ST:«t13T:«; 8. E. cor
on Hyde *t. ; cars pass: $4500 can remain
mortgage: will sell in lots; uninterrupted
9 marine view.
AT AUCTION.
TUESDAY, JANTART », 1300.
11 elegant lots on Jackson. Larkln and Pactfio
«ts. : among beautiful, high-priced flats:
with modern improvement would pay big:
Interest on money invested; streets bltu-
mlnlzed; cement walks.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CXX-
<k*6 .n,tr.< »t st.
JC23 AND UPWARD— SELLING FAST
On very ea-y payments: choice lots in th*
j block recently subdivided, bounded by II and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.- rTght on
the park and the new. Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard; a number of lots already sold- balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
building- lot?; all ready; lots on official grade-
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks: 6 per cent int-rest only
PRICES |3Z_ UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS
Money advanced for building, purposes; elec^
trie cars pass the property; see this block at
once; go to our branch office to-day co- II et
a?fl1a ?fl 1 Nlr ' th aVe-: pee llst9> * tc - there cr ' at ou^
BALDWIN & HOWELL. '-
: « =*¦•'¦¦¦; 10 Montgomery st. "
PARK LOTP. SUNSET HEIGHTS. .'-^
Blrck facing Golden Gate Park, between H
and I streets. Eleventh and .Twelfth ayes
Already ten houses built on this block.
$SOO AND UPWARD: .
One quarter cash: balance monthly.
„ „ ¦ A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
2C Montgomery St.. room 11. Branch offlcs I_l_
Ninth aye. . .
STRAIGHT bora fide bargain; dependable
splendidly located new modern house- must
be cold immediately; 9 sunny rooms- will be
sold very cheap. 171 Carl st.. Halght-st. cars
transfer at Masonic aye.
NEW cottages, house* and flat* for sale 6n
Pierce and Waller sts.. near'Halnht: over 30
F? u XELsox?b_nd^ loCte -' Terms to BUlt by
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses- 7 rooms-
latest improvements: Noe and Hill sts.- near
Castro-st. cars; patent .sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS business lot: cheaa If aold _hL»
week. Box !_«, Call office.
10TO KEASE.
•HOTEL for rent-The Bernard House, at Val-
r'lits.i:. v . c-*ri"dc -*ri"d for rent from March
•I- > "«:.«.l* ;» a rnler.4l4 oop<-rt»ir.lty Jcr a
'?/**» ?r"? r " he "*' rmn * n - Krvr rartlrtilars apply
*» A. L. HATHTWAT. Vallej.T Cal.
htNRY J. GALLAGIiIiK CO.,
fFu-cestcm to Flannsgan * QalWgrwr).
TVh'ETIAI. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMHUB.
u> Filth st.. opposite L ncola dchoal.
Telephone Bou-h 80.
_^rmtAGE . A.\P WABKHOISM.
I'lj:ilCE-l'.i;iXjLPH Storage snd Moving Co"
O.S-». 401 Pret ti f^r Powell: tel. Main 5711
eE\VI..\G MACHINE* AND SUPPLIES.
i 2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine sugpUfß. 145 Sixth: phene Mint 45.
AI.!. k'.n<in bought, sold, exchanged, rer.tad; re-
rAirlne at low~t r*le« SOS Fourth *t
-ADlE.S— ChlrhestT'c English Pennyroyal Pills
• are tbe best; safe, reliable; take no other:
*»nd 4o st-tnps for particular*. "Relief for
-.Lailes." In letter by return r..a11; at drug-
•?rirts. Ch!eli»rwr Ch*.-nlca! Co.. Phlladel In.
POO_CS papered frrm $3: whitened. Jl up;
¦ p-intlng done. Hartman Palr.t Co.. Jl9 Third.
EAp tenants ejected fr- T J4: collections made;
<-!ty cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
*'.'¦ Mvrtgome-y «.. rooms 9-10; tel. K2O.
_^ SPECIAL, XOTICES.
riiraslpETEn'FiiEiLiNG's" piifZ^riTa^r
. box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching.- external. Internal or protruding piles
- wit.aotir fail.' no matter or' how lone standing.
' 'lCit IjeviEadero St., rear Cutter.
Leave Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. In. Effect Saa- Frandsoo.
. October 15. ¦ — . ' •
Week Sun- 1339. Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:3O am 1:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 ua
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. *;06 pm 10:31 am
1:10 pm J:CO pm Santa- Rosa. .7^33 pm I:Z2 pm
Fulton.
titua Windsor, i >•'••: 19:3* aaa
Healdsbnrg. •••-,-..
Lytton. ••
Oeytervllle.
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:Bvo 113 pta
t:3O am Hopland and
1:00 am Uklaa. 7:Cpm 1:13 pa
7.-S0 am * . 10:0 aaa
t:M am Guersevlll*. 7:0 pm
I:J0 pm ' ' «:» pea
tUff> am 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 axa
and • .
• ¦,10 pm 1:00 pm Glen Elian. (:«3 pm 1:13 pa
7:80 am 1:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:2. aza
1:50 pm 5:00 pm ¦ 7:35 pm l:t> pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West *
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Eprtngs; at Clr.verdalefor the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Xalseyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs. Boda Bay. Laka-
§ort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah /or Vichy
prlngs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. TJpp«r Lake. Porno. !
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LUrlej's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HuUvtUe. Orr*a
Hot Springs. Mendodno City, ' Fort Bragg.
Wast port, Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
inlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcctla anil Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at i*>
4uced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
feerond San Rafa*l at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market it.. Chronicle bide
B. C. WHITINO, R. X RYAN.
General Manager. Oen. Pass. Agent.
NEW Arllrgton. ICIS Market— Nicely furnished;
Bo day up; Q week up; transient.
DIED.
Andrews, Cecelia Hatfield, Anthony J.
Beaty, Geora-e B. Hayes, Susan
Brader. Peter Heath. Frank P.
Conner. Julia 11. Hyman. Lille
Coete, Simon Knur, Emelle
Durham. Christopher Lietmann. Henry I*
Doten, May X. McGrath, Alice O.
liurand. Joseph A. Macy, Mr-. Mary F.
Ft-nvg-giaro, Annie O'Keefe. Catherine
Finley. Margaret J. Ols>cn. Frank A.
Friedlander. Israel O'Shea, Thomas '
Gargan. William A. Qulnr. Samuel O.
Getx. Wllhelmlna Rlley. Thomas
Haley. Delia Ward. Mary L.
Hall. Maud N. Wittenberg Hermann
ANDREWS— In this city, January 1. 1900. Oece-
lla Andrews, a native of Cardiff. Wales, aged
2? years and 2 months.
C7Frlends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morroTr
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlort
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Poet, thence to Bt. Pat-
rick's Church for services, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train Third and Town-
e«nd streets.
BEATY— In this city, December tl. 1899, George
B. Beaty, a native of New Tork, aged 64
years.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral this day
'Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig St Cochran Co., E2-M Mint avenue. In-
terment Masnnlc Cemetery.
BRADER— In this city. January 1. 1900, Peter
Hrador, beloved brother cf Louis and Henry
Braier and Llz-ie Fox, & native of Switzer-
land, aced C 7 years.
CT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:20 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CnNNER— In this city. January 2, 190 C. Julia
M. Conner. belore<l aunt of Mrs. J. McGurtle,
Joseph. Robert. Katie and Frank Miller and
Mary Conner, a native of New York, aged
CS years.
C7" Remains at the parlors of Carew &
KnsliFh. 41 Van Ness avenue.
COSTE— In this city, December 21. 1899. Simon,
beloved fr.ther of Simon Coete, a native of
Sen Francisco, aged r,5 years.
(T7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atter.d the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Mission San Joee.
DF.RHAM- In this city. January 1, 1900. Chris-
topher Derham. beloved brother of Peter and
Patrick Dwbam, and uncle of Terrence Der-
ham. a native of County Dublin, Ireland,
aged X years 2 month* and 15 days. (Woburn
aiid Falrnroth' Maps., papers pleas«e copy.)
U^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<\Vednesday). at 8 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Joseph's Church.
trh"r» a solemn requiem mass will be. cele-
brated for th« repose of his soul, commencing
at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Pl«-a*e omit flower-. . -
MAEBIED.
COOKE— HATES— In this city, January 2, 1900,
by Sunerlor Judge Coffey, William Cooke.
eldest eon of Captain Cooke of Bristol, Eng-
land, and Maude Beatrice Hayes, daughter
of John Hayes.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and M'.sclcn sts.— Sumy rooms, ea suite or
staple: ladies' parlor; readins; room; elevator.
GKAKY: 4C5 (The Navarre)— Errantly furnish-
ed rocms. en reite cr eiag>. MRS. H. HYER.
EIRTHE —MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriajre and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHRISTENSO??— In this city, December 2L
IS?9, to the wife of Erik Chrlstenson. a son.
MAYCENHOLDBN— In this city, December 2C.
l?&?. to the wife of O. C. Maycenholden. a
son.
HELBING— In th'.s city, December 18, 1599, to
the wife of W. Il^lbinjr. a son.
SCIIANTON— In South Berkeley, November J4,
1b99, to the wife of H. P. Bcraaton. a daugh-
ter.
EDDY. 110. b*-t. Hyde and Larkln— Nice runny
rocms from ?6 to Jl5 a month; to gentlemen
only.
CLASPinED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
CABR' 'I-TON, 11* Market, cor. Gclden Gate
ax-e— Sunny comer; well furn.; rms. & offices.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 'Grant aye.
OAK. ¦ 2jS— Z unfurnished front rooms; FUitable
fL-r I^utekeeplnc. • • •' '!:¦*-
McALLIFTKIt; C 7» FlllSla family; ftewly fur-
ns»he<j tunny front room for rentleinan.
FOLSOM. 723— A.l Upht rooms, for housekeep-
ing, tJ up; also air.gle. rooms tl up.
CLAY. I<n. ne»r Flllmore— 2 lar^e unfurnished
rooms; y-ir-J; vater; rear; rent J7.
CHESTNUT. 231. cor. Dupont— Furnished room
to rent for fcouseke«r<ihg: cheap.
ASSKSSJIKXT XOTICI2S.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, off.cc and principal place of business,
227 Uarket st., San Francisco.
Notice is hereby cl v^n that at a meeting: of
the Lioard vt Director-, held on the 18th day
of D<*remb«T. ISS9, an assessment (No. 7)) of
one Hi cent per share wae levied upon the
capital ttock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above iuitlrera.
Any 6tcck upon which this assessment shall
remain urniald on the J2nd day of January,
IK-0, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is
rrade before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. ISOO. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
experws of aale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
827 Market St.
YKP. ** p^r acre up: farm Hot: free fare. M
tJRIFFJ"N: TIP Market St.. n»ar Call building.
OAKLAND FI'RMTVRB FOII BALU.
AN Introduction to ycu from H. Schellhaas, the
furnitur* dealer. 51th and Frankltn. Oakland.
Jil'AL IISTATE COIXTRV For Sale
A~U?T OF~SPI^CIa£ EuCROAINt^When
uendlni for my CATALOGUE always state
about what is wer.te<3 — amount to invest, etc.
. I'll thT. a'-so furnish a Fpe-;lally prepared list
"of ."tNAP" barralrs— near whet you want.
rrt [a cutaJotrue. While I make a special
¦ fpaturp of NAP A and SONOMA county
¦ places. ' -ni t«ersonalty acqualr.ted with over
2i.<X>- rs.r.c'a-s tot sa'.e and exchaore In Call-
.fnrnfa— more thah acy ether ten aecnts In
the State. I travel nearly all the time, in-
epect'.nj: country property.
• N. I>. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT,
1> G<*ary st . opposite Chronicle bide., 8. F.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. 1 '
City and County of J-ss.
San Francisco. J
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN. being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: That
said JAMES R. KELLY is President,
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN ls
Secretary of The HIBERNIA SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Corporation
above mentioned, and that the forego-
ing statement ls true.
JAMES R. KELLY. President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 2nd day of January. 1900.
GEO. T. KNOX. Notary Public
In and for the City and County of San
Francleco, State of California.
xieaf, estate city — foh sajlb.
a^mT'sheck'Xoo^ ' ?¦
C€J Market St.. opp. Kearny.
. ¦ tioo.coo.
' £ll!s-ct corner. clf««> to Mason: 60x1X7; stores
a-r.d 70 rooms;- will.vav 7 per cent net.
$t:.,ooo. '
Rere buy; - vicinity Stockton and O' Fan-ell;
. stores -ena lodging-house above; 4 story and
basement butldlrf. lot 36 ft.- front.
JIO.CCO.
Corner near Santu F* • ferry . site ; MxU7:«;
only corner, fcr sale, in th;s vicinity.
~- ¦. jrc.ooo.
Near TZA&r arvl Jon-.-*; store and it room*
el>cve; Boiftem; 'PBjrt 7. per cent net.
¦ • fr:,«x?. ¦
Geary Ft., near Taylur; SfxSO foet, no better
Cloee to 11-rkM. and Tarlor; stores and flats;
tO feet frcrt: rer.tf about JlOO.
J92W. •
Corner near: Market : rents JIISO yearly; store
«n<J fl»tt; nearly ne-t. ' .'.
J5?00.
Puat ti . 1 good fiats': rants M 0; lot 17x110 ft.
J6000:
Business corner near Union Iron Works; 100 x
ZQC: • "
A., M. SPECK & CO.. €87 Market et.
McflVOV tfc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EUBALMERB.
123S Market St.. between Bth and Bth.
Telephone South 24T.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Hti«m« P«r-7.
1 Commencing October 1. ISB9.
1 FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALUrr
AND BAN RAFAEL. -""-¦-*
•WEEK DATS— "7:00. "9:30, 11:00 a.'n_: »l-4i
•3:40, 5:15. «00. «:3Cr p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday-.
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. . *^
SUNDAYS— »B:CO. 19:00. »1J:3O a. in.- •!•__.
l:«. •*:«&. «:SO.- 1 :0O p. m. V""*
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentfn
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAT 3-5:25. f.X, 7:45. »9.40 a. m :
! *12: JO. 2:13. »3:40. »S:U p. m. '
j EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
i Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:*>. *S:CO. «10:00. »ll:O a. __,•
I »l:40, »a:l5. 4:45, »S:a> p. m. *
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:43. 7:55. >:4a a. m.;
12:85, t:»5. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. . *
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an 4
Eaturdays at 7:os* and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDAT3-8:06. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:15. |;|Q_
THROUGH TRAINS.
t:COa. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
i t:4op. m. Saturdays— Tomales snd -r-ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS .'CENU RAILWAY
_.r*v# Saa Francisco via tSausallto JTerrj.
Week Dars— 9:3o a. m. and 1:43 p. oa. .
Sundays. .»:(*. 10:00 a. a. and 1:15 p. ex, ¦
fJte«-n-h«*ted. closed car on all trains.
F»r-..&*a Fraaslico to Hums-It aad rutara,
p ta .... .-•.-._ — - -
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S*nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, running ever the best rmß-
road, with th» highest class accommodating.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
1:00 p. tn. ' -
MONEAT. 7BIDAT. BATUEDAT.
Arriving tn Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
niDAT, SUNDAY, TUE3DAT. WKDSS3DAT.
A P. RANCH office for Call advertisements and
. EU&fiiptiona has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twemy-second and Ken-
t-rfcy rt«. : <Yen till » o. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Ca!l advertisements and
eub-criptlons has been established at ICSS Va-
lencia. «t.
A KRANCH office fcr the reception of afiver-
v.rr- -r.!f and subscriptions has been opened
tt 117?. Polk et. ; open till (p.m.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.Security Savings Bank to George H. Jack
son, lot on W line of Howard street. 210 S of
Twenty-fourth, S 60 by W 115; tlO.
Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation) to
Daniel T. Callaehan, undivided half of lot
on Junction of NW line ot Mission street and
SE line of West Mission, SW ."a^S". thence
177.82 to Mission. N 493.14 to beginning (Mis
sion Plaza); 15.
Johanna Hart. Bertha Lour*, (Goodman)
(wife of Arthur), Henry. Oscar, Viola and
Selma Goodman and • Hennchen Goodman
(Hanna) to R. Dunsmulr's Sons Company (a
corporation), lot on N corner of Harrison and
Spear streets, NE 275 by NW 275; t250,000.
Herman Flschbeck to John R. Flfichbeck, lot
commencing 68:6 S from SW corner of Jack
son and Mason streets, S 23 by W 67:6; tl.
P. J. Mollterno to John B. Campodonlco, lot
on N line of Allen street. 140 W of Hyde, W
20 by N B0: tlO.
Dan!el T. Callaehan to Calla«han Estate
Company (a corporation), undivided half of lot
on Junction of E line of West Mission street
and NW line of Mission. NW 564.67, N 23,
thence 177.92 to Mission. S 528.56; t3.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to George F.
Lyon. lot on NE corner of Berkshire and Cro
ton streets. N 1W by E 25. lot 1, block 14, Mis
sion and Thirtieth Street Extension Homestead;
no.
Fred W. Vaughan and Judah Boas to Bolina
D. Jacobs (wife of Wesley A.) lot on W line
of Pierce street, 100 S of McAllister, 8 37:8 by
W 112:6; |10. >
Andrew J. Soule to Richard Nichols, lot on
W line of Broderick street. 75 S of Hayes. S
25 by W 96: UO.
Louis McLene Jr. to Charles W. Moores
strip of land 2% Inches In width along N line
of lot described In 1836 d 863, recorded October
28 1599. on E line of Spruce street. 82:8\4 a
of Clay. S 50 by E 87:6; $50.
Julia Walsh to Marguerite D. Harrlgan, lot
on NW line of Howard street, 150 NE of Elev
enth, NE 25 by NW 80: »10.
City and county of San Franclnco to Drury
Melon*, lot on SE corner of Fourteenth and
Julian avenues, E CS:B. SW 8«:9%. X 66:10; %
City and county of San Francisco to William
Lohse. lot on E line of Alabama street, 104 N
of Twenty-first, N it by E 100; I — .. .
George W. DennU Jr. to Ida B. Dennis, lot
on S line of Twenty-eighth street 208 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S IHj gift.
Margaret J. Flnley to Peter J., Mary C. and
Jane C. Flnley and Roe» E. MoOlynn, lot on S
VAN NESS aye.. SOS— Elegant suites, single
tj- —<• and housekeeping suites; suitable (or
doctor or dentist.
TWENTT-FITIFT. S2IS, nr. Mlrs!on-Fi:rr.!Bhed
frcr.t bay-window room; gas and bath.
THE < r.rt, 11» Third— A rood rooming houee
lor good pec pie. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
EHERMAN Apartment House, _S Eighth St.,
r.ear Market — Furnished aad unfurnished.
P.OTA L House, lit Ellis «t.— lncandescent light,
read'.cg-rocxa, etnoking-roora and ladies' par-
lor; rooms. r>er night. Me to tl M; week. U to
XS: aaocth. t> to t3B; elevator en office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
O'FAP.RELL, tW— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
son-hie; to gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 2X>— Sunr.- furnished rooms and
cffice«: elevator; electric lights; flay. wk.. mo.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window rocsi, Jl per week; transient.
MTKTTA. M»— Neat front bedroom; U.
1-ARKIN. 'oft— L*rge «unny frcnt room; up-
stair*; Trtvate ':.rr.y.T.
MASON, 213^— Nicely furn!*h«-d runny room;
reasonable; -.:•.'•. and homelike.
HOWARD. 125— Clean, respectable: »c-*l per
night; ,1-SJ per week; Howard cs.ra to door.
HOWARD. • 71»— 200 sunny rooma: nicely fur-
til&hed; every eonTenlenee: electric lights.
HAiiP-ISON. ?S«H. near Fourth— Finely furnish-
ed rooms ; bath: all the latest impepreznenta;
homelike; tl week up.
HAI3HT. 100— Newly furnished eunsy room*,
suitable for 1 or 3 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rnrmir.g house; $1 -CO to J6 per week.
GLRARD-Hoim*. 14J Eeventh— Sunay furnished
roor/?»: iay cr =^»k: reasonable.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January I.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 19 hours from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 65 hours from
Portland, via Astoria r,«V4 hours.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, 6^4 days from
Tacoma.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 85 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Kulton, Levlnson, 40 hours from Trini
dad.
Stmr WestDOrt, Peterson, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 25 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Schr Abble Hanson. 9 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 1.
Stmr State of California, Gace, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro': Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nay Co.
Br Etmr Sikh, Rowley, Hongkong, via Ta
coma: North Pacific S S Co.
Br ship Montgomeryshire, Edwards, Queens
town; G W JlcNmr.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 2. 10 p m— Weather
thick; Wind 8, velocity 28 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Dec 9, on equator, 29 W— Br ship Indore, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Dec 12. lat 14 N. lon 26 W— Br Bhlp Falkland
bank.' from Cardiff, for Santa Roealta.
Dec 25, lat 44 N, lon 20 W— Br ship KUmory,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Oct 2t. lat 55 S, lon 62 W— Fr bark Norman
dle, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Jan 2— Br shlD Ben Lee. from San
Francisco Aug 4, at Hull, grounded, off Gro
mer and before floating bumped heavily and
repeatedly, straining her considerably.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan t— Bark
Vldette, from Redondo.
VENTURA— SaiIed Jan I— Stmr Geo Loomla.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan I— Br stmr Blocmfon
teln. from Honolulu. Jan 2— Bark Harry Morse,
hence Dec 17.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Willamette, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Fan al ion. for Skaguay; Jap stmr
Idzuml Mara, for Yokohama.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec «— 6tmr Co
qullle River, for San Francisco: stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan I— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Dec 20.
Balled Jan 2— Stmr Despatch, for Baa Pran-
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 2— Schr Ma
nila, from Port Townsend.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan I— Bark Levl Q Bur
gens, hence Dec 23. Jan 2— Bark Tidal Wave.
from San Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 2— Fr bark Loula
Pasteur, from Limerick; Fr bark Jules Verne,
from St Nazarie:-Br stmr Arab, from Naga
saki; Ger ship Aldebaran. from Panama.
Sailed Jan 2— Br ship Glenholm. for Queens
town: bar«ce Wahklakum, In tow of tug Sara
son, for Ban Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Dec 20— Schr Robert
R Hind, from Chemalnus.
COMOX— Sailed Jan I— Ship C F Eargent, for
San Frandsoo.
MANILA— Sailed Jan )— Stmr Pennsylvania,
for Oregon. Dec 2ft— Br etmr Lennox, for San
Francleco. Deo 26— Aus stmr Slam, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec 31— Br stmr Garonne, from Taco
ma. *
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan I— Br stmr Coptlo,
hence Dec 13. Dec 31— Br stmr Breconshire,
from Victoria.
Sailed Dec 30— Br stmr Empress of Japan, for
Vancouver: stmr China, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan I— Br ship Marl
borough Hill, hence July 31.
HULL— Arrived Dec 2»— Br ship Ben Lee,
hence Auk 4; Br ship Dalgonar, from Tacoma,
QUEEN STOWN — Arrived Jan I— Br ship
Bothwell, from Portland.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed Dec IS— Haw echr
Americana, for Iqulque.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 2— Br stmr Mlowera,
for Vancouver. •
ON THK MERSEY Jan I— Br shlD Cemteel
ma, hence Auk 23, for Liverpool.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 23— Br bark Beech
dale, from Peru; Ger Bhlp H F Glade, from
Bremen. Den 24— Br stmr Warrlmoo. from Vic
toria. Dec 25— Ship Sonta Clara, from Nanal
mo; Br ehlD Poseidon, from Liverpool; bark
8 C Allen, hence Dec 10; bktn Geo C Perkins,
from Hilo. Dec 28— Br stmr Flintshire, hence
Sailed Dec H— Br ship ErroL for Royal
Roads; schr Esther Buhne. for Eureka; schr
Hiram Blnsrham, for Micronesia. Dec 23— Br
bark Cardigan Castle, for Newcastle. Aus: tug
Iroquols. for Lobama. Dec 34— Br stmr War
rimoo, for Sydney: Br etmr Victoria, for Ma
nila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
i YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Br«con
rhlre, from Tacoma.
'MANlLA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Columbia,
from San Francisco, etc.
SYDNEY, NSW— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Mlo
wera. for Vancouver.
PLYMOUTH— SaiIed Jan I— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, from Hamburg, for New York.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Deo 28— Stmr Tyr.
from Vancouver.
Shipping Intelligence.
BURNETT, UZC Market «t. (old No. 13M>— Fur-
nished rrr.s.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrlace licenses hare been issued as follows:
William Cooke and Maude B. Hayes 20-21
Herman Br»^3low and Isabel Ramsey 22-1S
William A. Clark and Sarah B. Van Dyke.. 32-36
I'et»r A. L!nd and BesMe Swanson 32-2 t >
Oliver M. Dunton and Pauline Bolte 41-3S
W. I>. Thomas and Meta R, W. Nagel 23-20
John M. Molcahy and Ella Larmer 23-24
Henry Murray and Catherine Guertn 31-26
ELLJS. €;?.. sinter Larkln— Sunny bay-window
rr.atitcl; double fo!dln«"-bed; W.elsbach burner.
BORROW on t>'anc«. furniture, diamonds,
painting's; secrecy, fncle Harris. 15 Grarat ay.
FRANKLIN T«>3 — Bunny front room and board;
¦ bath: gas; f4 week; private family.
Oussle Owner and Jennie B. Morris 34-14
Felix Draplnski and Mary V. Heussmann. 33-17
Joseph A. Cereoetti aod Camilla M. Milanl. 3o-30
George "W. Snyder and Jlorie Oliver 23-13
Harold F. Hobson and Anna M. Pagel 22-1S
AUSTIN aye.. 102. near Pclk «t.— Large etmay
tront room; furnished.
AT Hot»>l Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike heuse; modern eervice; elevator ;
rath; rooms Soc to n£9 day. MRS. J. KING.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
ROOMS TO IXT— rnrn. and Infnrn.
A — ERVNSWICK HOUSE. 14J Sixth— Rooms
2jc to Jl per night; t; S' to per week, and
light houb*-keepir.g; open -all night.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertlsementa and
t .•. • - t. , Ucna hae been ertabll* hed at the
r.orthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rts. : cren till 8 d. m.
A BRANCH cMce fcr Call advertisements and
i :¦¦•••: "j has beea esta.bll.hed at IG9C Va-
lencia f*.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsernents and subscriptions has been cpened
at IT2S Po'.k st.; open until 9 p. tn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2UO Fillmorc et.
TT-.nAMA. *I— Two front housekeeping rooms..
WASHINGTON. C 29 —! rooms for housekeepings
- *:;:•*> housekeeping -rooms. (3 p<r month.
OTAKRKLX*. K27— Frcr.t su'.tp; housekeeping
prtv:>ges; use cf. pSs.no: also :'.-.p'.e room..
POWEI-t* £.10— 2\lc* bay-window alcove -tilte;
-ur.rlr.S water; also housekeeping privilege
'- .rooms. ¦ ¦ .' -; . "-:
CLARA. ir:— Three eood rooms; unfurnished;
Email •family; V-. .
ii»Mivs for ¦».oim:ki:i;i > ixg.
A-WEtf-Cfl n-»-» for 5 cer-tn-The Weekly Call,
16 rar^. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
SIII.LBUAE lot* and blocks: f'need: water
work* BCTTKRFIELb. 517 Market «t.
IJ»4 ACHES— Mart b* cold: I miles from Santa
Clara: 10-rocm house; 2 wells; all in orchard.
* -CJeary St.. room IS.
FOR ea!e or cxrhans* 'or Improved San Fr«n-
. r)s<*co Property, fruit ranch 1W acres; vaJa«
JSOOO. Address H. F. 6PEITZEN. Watßonvllle.
FINEST E*nerc! ranch la California to b»
¦ gtrcp away on account of foreclosure. S*e
rLARK & CO., SOS Hearst building.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
TV Calder. Cal
R Hulla. Los An*
E B Frost Folsora
W II Jenkins, Stock tn
A C Blospom, Stocktn
M Tennlngham. Sunol
O W Yartman & w, Cal
J T Grace, S Ross
L B Pressy, Petaluma
M A Pressy, Petaluma
B C Hushes & w, Cal
Miss Harden. Sn Jose
Misses Longmlre, S Jos
H E WUlson, Portland
C B Carr, Saeto
J W Smith, Sacto
Mrs C R Hoppln, Yolo
J J Tuttle, Chlcsuco
W H Cooper, San Jose
A U Jackson. Colusa
Mrs B J McGlnnls. Cal
W H Gannon, Ber.lcia
W H Lumsden, S Rosa
O Thompson, Oakland
J Kullman. Bcnlcia
G R Hudson. Hanford
A J Hart. San Jose
C C Guinea. Sacto
E M Orr. Medford
G A Adams. San Jose
W Brousham & w, Cal
R J Thomas & w, Xcv
H G Ferguson. Sn Jose
C Hall. New Jersey
F A Frost. Folsom
C L Russell. Tul/ir«
Miss E Russell. Tulare
E R Bradley Wash
W O Wilson & vr, Paris
C O Hawley. Los Am
O J Watklns, Ls Ana-
J Hurt. Cal
W Grant Blrks
A Oppenhelmer, Cci"
R Holm. Cal
F J Tctuan. Chlco
Dr H S Hill. Beattla
H L Frost Ky
Capt W Hoffman, USA
J A Black. Cal
J Forman, New York
J F Crosby Jr. N V
H X Owens. Seattlft
B Goldsmith. Petaluma
H T MacLaren, 8 Jos«
F Cutting. Stockton
L B Leavell & w. Neb
W H Ambrose, Stocktn
Mrs Lak«, Nevada
C P Lyndall, Ls Aog
J Pratt & w, Vt
Mrs Chase. Vt
C J Chapman, Nev
A Zuokeman. Butte
J L Berry & w. Or
A D McKenxle -Cal '
E H Munson, Sta Cruz
Miss E Rowell. Cal
W C Howard. Stocktn
Father Hunt, Sacto
R Wheeler. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Bueeh, USX
W X Gerber, Sacto
J W Rosener, ChlcaßO
H R Horklns, Spokane
Mrs Hopkins, Spokane
Mlfs C Hopkins, Ppokn
Miss E Hopkins, Spokn
E R Abadie, N V
Mrs J Myers. Chicago
L X Chase & w, Los A
APS McQuesten. Nev
A S Macdoner. Alamed
C S Andrews, Portland
J A Chanslor. Los Arg
W M Graham & f. Pa
B II Bunch, Washin&tn
J W Frankell, N V
H M Anthony, Ma
J C Kemn Van E« & f,
Hodson, Cal
N E Weber, Chlcaffo
Mrs A P Nalheimer. 11l
S S Graham. San Jose
F W" Streeter, Col
T Flint Jr. San Juan
H E O'Brien. Los Ang
E E Ehrman, Indiana
Baron Kraft, Germany
Geo Rubenstein. N T
W A Brewer. Ban Mat
Mrs Brewer, Sn Mateo
A D Watts. Montana
Lady Bromly, Honolulu
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL
» Jameson, Sacto
H Winters, Sacto
H W Walker, Vallejo
A R Buckner. Sta Rosa
¦\V Jones, Fresno
A \V Field. Stockton
M Roche MarysvlH*
Mrs H J ¦n'ylie. S Jose
Mrs G W Leach, Chic
II Murray, Los Ang
G R Walker, Chicago !
A J Hill, St Louis
"W M Edwards, Mont
M Resch, San Jose
J Gahn. Holllster
A llorphy. New York
N E Carr, Salt Lake
A Hoffman, E:i;-k.i
E Johnson, Seattle
C Dou»?la.«s, Oat Hill
F L Horning Wla
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEriENT
i OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE
—OF THB— —
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society,
A CORPORATION.
And Where Said Assets Are Situated,
Dated December 31, 1833,
ASSETS.
I—Promissory1 — Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby ee-
cured, the actual value
of which ls J24.281.378. 97
The condition of said '
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Con-
tracts, owned by said
Corporation, and are
payable to it at its Office,
which is situated at the
Corner of Market, McAl-
lister and Jones Streets,
in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of
California, and the pay-
ment thereof ls secured
by First Mortgages on
Heal Estate within this
State. Said Promissory
Notes are kept and held
by said Corporation at
its said Office, which ls
its principal place of
business, and said Notes
and debts are there sit-
uated.
2 — Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby se-
cured, the actual value
of which is 47,200.00
The condition of said ¦/•. ---¦-¦
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Con-
tracts, owned by said
Corporation, and are
payable to it at Its
Office, which is situated
as aforesaid, and the
payment thereof 'is se-
¦ cured by "Spring Valley
Water -Works' Second
Mortgage 4 per' cent
Bonds," "Park and Cliff
House Railway Company
6 per cent Bonds," "Mar-
ket Street Railway Com-
pany First Consolidated
Mortgage 5 per cent
Gold Bond" and "United
States Registered 3 per
cent Bonds," the mar-
ket value of all said
bonds being J67.220.00.
Said Notes are kept and
held by said Corpora-
tion at its said Office,
and said Notes and
Bonds are there situated.
3— Bonds of the United
1 States, the actual value
of which is 17,733,603.71
The condition of said
Bonds is as follows:
They belong to said Cor-
poration, and are kept
and held by it in its own
Vaults and are there sit-
uated.
They are "Registered
4 per cent ($16,000,000 00)
and 3 per cent ($500,-
000 00) United States
Bonds" and are pay-
able only to the order
of said Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous. Bonds, the
actual value of which is. 2,832,737.26
The condition of said
Bonds is as follows:
They belong to said Cor-
poration, and are kept
and held by It in its own
Vaults, and are there sit-
uated. They are "Mar-
ket Street Cable Rail-
way Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($937,000 00),"
"Market Street Railway
Company First Consoli-
dated Mortgage 5 per
cent Bonds ($282,000 00),"
"Sutter Street Rail-
way Company 5 per
cent Bonds ($150,000 00),"
"Powell Street Rail-,
way Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($50,000 00),"
"Northern Railway Com-
pany of California 6 per
cent Bonds ($350,000 00),"
"San Francisco and
North Pacific Rail- •
way Company 5 per
cent' Bonds ($190,000 00),"
"Spring Valley Water
Works Second Mortgage
4 per cent Bonds ($336,-
000 00)," "Spring Valley .
Water Works Third
Mortgage 4 per cent
Bonds ($242,000 00)" and
"City of San Luis Obispo
, 5 per cent Bonds ($27,-
000 36)."
6—lnterest6 — Interest on Miscellaneous
Bonds accrued to Janu- .
ary 1. 1900...... 66,869.17
6— (a) Real Estate situated
in the City and County
of San Francisco, $821,- :,-
711.36; and in the Coun-
ties of Santa Clara, $188,-
931.75; Alameda, $122.-
063.73, and San Mateo,
$30,486.51, in said State,
the actual value of which
is 1,1«3,195.38
(b) The land and build-
ing In which said Cor-
poration keeps its said
Office, the actual value
of which is 667,848.08
The condition of said
Real Estate is that it
belongs to said Corpora-
tion and part of it ls
productive.
7— Proportion of Taxes for
the Fiscal Year 1899-1900
chargeable to next half
year 61,981.19
B—Cash8 — Cash in United States
Gold and Silver Coin,
belonging to said Cor-
poration, and in its pos-
session, and situated at ¦
its said Office; Actual
Value 1.558.607.60
Total Assets....^ $48,293,315. 33
LIABILITIES.
1 Bald Corporation owes
Deposits amounting to
and the actual value of
which i 5..... $45,265,773.96
The condition of said
Deposits ls that they are
payable only out of said
Assets and are fully se-
cured thereby.
2— Reserve Fund; Actual
Value 3.027,541.37
Total Inabilities .$48,293,315.33
The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society,
By JAMES R. KELLY. President.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan
"Society, .
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOTEN— In Etna, Slaklyou County, December
l», 1599, May Xavler Doten, daughter of the
late John 8. Doten of Modoo County, and
niece of Thomas Dwyer of Oakville, ICapa
County, and Jere. M- Dwyer of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and 11 months.
DURAND— In this city, January _, 1900. Joseph
A., beloved husband of Clotllde Durand. and
father of Mrs. Francisco do OJeda and Mrs.
W. B. Waldron. a native of Salntes, France,
aged CS years and 11 months.
CTThe funernl will take plao« this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Notro
Dame dps Victolres Church. Friends and ac-
Qualntancpfl are respectfully Invited to at-
tend. Interment private.
FEItROGGIARO— In this city, January 1, 1900,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of Natale Ferrog-
giaro, and devoted mother of Llzzla. Louise,
• Nathan. An«elo, G«orge and Fred Ferrog-
glaro. Mrs. F. Cuneo and Mrs. A. Devlneensl,
and grandmother of E?mlle Cuneo, and sister
of Louts. Josteph. Thomas and Antone Gul-
nnrwu and Mrs. 8. A rat a. a native of Genoa,
Italy, aged 46 years 10 months and IS days.
IfyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thutt-day). from her late residence, 815
I'nlon street, thence to St. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner of Dupont and Filbert
streets, where a solemn requiem high moss
will be celebrated for the repoee of her eoul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FINLKT— In this city. January 8, 1900, Mar-
garet J.. widow . of Richard Flnley. and
mother of Peter J., Mary C. and Jennie C.
Flnley and Mrs. Peter J. McGlynn, a native
of Brooklyn. N. V.. aged 65 years.
FRIEDLANDER— In this city. January 3. 1900.
Israel, beloved son of Ella and the late
David Friedlander. a native of Germany, aged
S5 years.
OARGAN— In this city. January 2. 1900, Wil-
liam A., beloved and youngest eon of Philip
and Annie Goxgan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 yeanf and « months. . • .
GETZ -In .Baltimore. Md.. December 30. 1899.
Wllhelmlna Wllkens. dearly beloved wife of
Fr. E. Geta. and mother of Mrs. A. E.
Swartx, Louis N. and William H. Get-, Theo-
dore Getx of San Francisco and Louise.
Charles R. Albert C. Harry H. and Fr. B.
Geti. a native of Germany, aged 63 years 4
months and 28 days.
HA LET— In this city. January 1. 1900, Delia
Haley, a native of Ireland, aged 70 yeara.
HALL-In Oakland. January 1. 1900, Maud
Noyes Hall, wife of Frederto W. Hall, a na-
tive of Washington, D. C. aged 34 years.
tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at I o'clock, at the
residence, KM Grove street. Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
HATFIELD— In Alameds, January 2. 1900,
Anthony J. Hatfleld, a native of Nova Sco-
tia, aged &5 years 2 months and 7 days. Bos-
ton, Mass., papers pleaee copy.)
(ETFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2215 San Jose avenue. Interment
private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HATES— In this city, January 2, 1900, Susan,
beloved wife of the late James Hayes, and
mother of Patrick and Samuel Hayes, Mrs.
C. McElroy and the late James and Robert
Hayes and Mrs. Mary Lubner. a native of
the parish of Dunness, County Clare, Ire-
land aced X? rears.
ILT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2» Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HEATH— In this city. January 1. 1900, Frank
P., beloved brother of Man' Heath, a native
of Snn Francisco, aged 31 years 2 months and
8 days.
(E^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlorß
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to ft. Paul's Church, where
mass rrlll be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at ?:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HYMAN— In Oakland. January 2. 1900. Lille,
beloved wife of Dave Hyman. a native of
Illinois, aged 2a years.
C^r Friends nre respwt fully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 11 o'clock, at her late residence, 162
Most avonue. Oakland. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
KNUR— In this city. January 2, 1900, Emelle.
beloved wife of Edward Knur, and mother of
Hermlne Knur ami Mrs. John Tait. a native
of Germany, aged r>2 years.
C^Frlends and acouatntance« are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<W«"dnr-dav). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2417 Sutter Ftreet. Interment private.
LISTMANN— In this city, January 1. 1900,
Henry L., beloved pen of 'Louts and Emllle
Ltstmann, and brother of Emilie. Edward,
Louije, Emll. Darlle, Louis and Charles List-
rr.ann. and grandson of Emil Hirsinger, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 years and 10
months.
ir7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 71SVi Clementina street,
botween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Paulus Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419
Howard street, between Tenth and Eleventh.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
McGJIATH— In this city. December 31. 1899,
Alice Gertrude, beloved daughter of Joseph E.
and Elizabeth McGrath. a native of San
Francisco, sged 20 years 8 months and 23
dars.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 720 Howard street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commenctnz at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MACY— In this city, January 2, 1900, Mrs. Mary
F Macy. beloved wife of the late D. F.
Mary, and mother of Mrs. E. J. Coffin. Mrs.
C. P. Gibbons and the late W. W. Macy. a
native of Nantucket, Macs., aged S8 years and
I months.
O'KEEFE— In Oakland, January 2, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John O'Keefe.
and mother of Anna O'Keefe and Mrs. R. A.
Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
(Trinity papers please copy.)
OLSEN— Passed away, in Oakland, January 2,
1900, Frank A. Ols=en, beloved husband of
Estclla Olsen. and brother of Mrs. S. C.
Switzor and August P. Olsen, a natlv* of
California, aged 3S years 3 months and 5 days.
O'SHEA— In Denver, Colo.. December 30, 1839,
Thomas, beloved sen of Cornelius and Mary
O'Shea. a native of San Francisco", aged 15
years 6 months and 13 days.
CC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
rei>o«e of h'.E soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city, January 1, 1900, Samuel
G. Qulnn. a native of Ireland.
HI LEY— In thl* city, January 2. 1599, Thomas
Rilcy. .a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years.
WARD — A solemn requiem anniversary mass
will be celebrated In St. Brigid's Church
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of the late Mary Lestrange
Ward. Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend. ?•--»?"*
WITTENBERG— In this city, January 1. 1900,
Hermann .Wittenberg, a native of Germany,
a^eU 25 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eljrhth. thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where funeral services will be held
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
GERMANIA Lodgs No. 116. I. O. O. F.— The
funeral committee, officers and members of
the above lodge are Invited to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. H. H. Wittenberg,
this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I.
O. O. F. Hall, corner Market and Seventh
streets. JOHN R. HAAKEw N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER, V. O.
BAILBOAD TBAVZL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
corner of Howard and Fifth streets, BW T5 by
SE SO; also lot on W Una of Fifth street, 80 S
of Howard. EE 60 by SW 78; also lot on NBJ cor
ner of Harrison and Beate streets, N 87:6 by E
60: $10.
Jacob and X.lna Heyman to Julia Jlrowsky.
lots 284 and 285. Heyman Tract; $10.
Charles H. Bishop to George L. Bishop, lot on
NE corner of "Washington and Montgomery
streets. N 61:7>4 by B 62; $10.
Charles Sutro to Gray Bros. Crushed Rock
Company, lot on XE corner of Kearny and
Greenwich streets. N 103:1, E 157:6, N 34:4, E
137:6. 8 137:6, W 275; $10.
Margaret J. Finley to Peter J., Mary C. and
Jane C, Flnley, lot on SE corner of Leaven
worth and Francisco streets. S 32:6 by E 100;
$10.
Sophie Sauterbach to William C. and Amelia
Miller, lot on 6 line of Union street. 152:8 W of
Hyde, S 65 by W 21; SlO.
R. W and Mary E. Tansill to Frank H,
Dunne, lot on S line of S street. 32:6 E of
Eighteenth avenue. E B0 by S 100; $10.
W. L. Rodgers (administrator of the estate of
AUca M. Brown and Carl D. Brown) (by Henry
M. Covert, Commlsloner) to O. F and H. N.
Gray, lots 43 and 44, block IS, Flint Tract
Homestead: $1500.
James Patterson to Lena Molter, lots I to 14.
block 21, Sunnyvale Homestead Association,
being the NE corner of Visitation and Brltton
streets. 110x222; $360.
James Gregory to Henry Campbell, lot on N
llnr of California street, 68:3 W of Polk, W 25
by N 87:6; also lot on N line of California street.
81:3 W of Polk. W 25 by N 137:«: also lot on N
line of Lombard street, 187:6 W of Flllmore,
W 165:9% by X J87:6; also lot on S line of
Chestnut street, 137:6 W of Flllmore, W 161:9%
by S 137:« (quitclaim deed): $100.
Timothy O'Brien to James W. and Mary A.
Scott, lot tin N line of Grove street, 1T7:B e»
of Octavia, E 27:8 by N 68:9; also lot on EJ
tine of Dolers street. 26:8 N of Day. J? 60 by
B 100; *10.
•^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_Hf«f3»^ "2** KEARST «T. Eilftbllshed
teTlt* l^«i ln >"*3» for the treatment of Private
f*kljth.!tg& I>l«e»sf», Lost Manhood. Debility or
¦^ShMHr disease rearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doe'eorcuren when
others fall. Try him. Charge- low.
<'"»-« cn«r»nif>d. Callorwiitn.
Or. J. f. UIBOOX, Box 1937. den Francisco.
* * .^ATCH .nnPAIRIXC. •
11^, ri "">*<i *«: ruiram^eT' T'i£n.
The Koy Jewelry ao_ OpUcal Co.. SM -Ceaxny.
__^il-«li__-_r:
IN 3 DAYS
... VIA...
Chicago, Union Pacific
. . . and . ..;.¦'
Northwestern Line
Ivtry Day la tie Tiar frua B_a Trvulm
AT 8:30 A. M.
BaAt, Smakiag tad Uhtirj Can, wli.
ktrber.
DaabU D n-ving-roaa ei«»p!ag Cm.
Diaisg C»rs— ms__i _ 1. t.rts.
Brt&kftst la Dinar ta Luring O&xltad Tin.
D»n» Tartßf a Tiariit Car to Chlctja Wltitat
Ciaags at 8:30 P. X.
It. R. BITCH /E,
9 Hay Xnt«anu-T St. 0«a. Agt. Pml_« Csast.
y*lm B«U1. SAM nUNCiaCD.
ALAMEDA RG.VL ESTATE.
I3«:o-I.OT KxlXt; cottage 6 rooms and bath;
ttr^et work dene: eaey terras.
»f2Po— Let l0xl_S; fine cottagt: 5 large rooms
snd bath: worth tJ.'.OO; only tIM cash, balance
120 per month: great snap.
*SOOO— Let 40x1 W: Morton it., between rail-
roads; rear rtatlon and school: handsome, new
ccttace of 7 rooms and bath; IIVO and »JJ per
month.
nn»— Lr.t 22x150: J-story bou*« cf C rooms and
bath: AJatneda ay«.. near Morton-st. station;
eatv terms.
imp-Lot 40«tM: fine new S-story house. I
room* and batli: Morten ft., near stations and
schorls; JSCO rash, balance $39 per month.
ItCOO— Lot TJsISO; on main av«nue: cottar*
I rooms and bath: rreat bargain; bouses to let
ls all pans of Alarr.eda.
H P. MOREAL A CO..
HJ! Psrk «t.. Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
TWO flats— l 9 rcor.-.n: m.vSern: n»ar station: 3
minute* to O-JTersity: crlce ttXO; ea«y terms.
FT.FFPF: ft COnDINOTON. Berkeley Station.
JVEW WESTER* HOTEL,
Kea;:; y and Washington sts.— re-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. GOa to U W day;
{5 to $8 week; $3 to $20 month. Fre* baths: not
and cold water every room; flr« gTat-» in every
room; elevator runs all night,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE.
J!-OC--v7ILL sell quick for $4200; fine corner
residence: lot 45-175; • rooms: up to date.
E E P.UNCE. Xt Broadway. Oakland.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery St.. Mills building— For the half-
year ending December 20. 1599, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of three and six-
ter.ths (3 C-10) per cent per annum and on or-
dinary deposits at the rats of three (8) per
cent j>er annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on ani after January 1. 1900.
8. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan So-
rlety, cor. Market. McAllister and Jones sts.,
tan Francisco, Dec. 23, IST>9. — At a regular
meeting of the Board of Director- of this so-
ciety held THIS DAY a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-quarter
<SS«) per cent rer annum on all deposits for
the six months ending December 31, IS?9. free
from ell taxes and payable en and. after Jan-
uary 1. 1900. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
nt'MBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Oeary Ft. — The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 3.60 per cent
per annum en term and 3 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2. I*oo. ERNEST BRAND. See.
THE Continental Building* and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 222 Sansome St., San Fran-
rlsco, has declared for the ( months ending
December SI. 1599, a dividend of 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock. 10 per cent
per annum to clas-s "F" stock, 6 per cent per
en-urn on term deposits and S per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDHIDOE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary. .
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
Can Francisco. 21 Post st. — Fcr the half year
ending December tl, 1899. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits free of taxes, payable
on _nd after TUESDAY. January 1, WOO.
GEORGE A. STOnY. Cashier.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Care Je*v« Oakland MoU
for Denver. Kaneas City, Chicago and the East
5:80 p. m. r
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalla,
Tulare and Bakersfleld. furnishes good loo»l
train service.
Ban Francisco office, 6SS Market St., talaphco*
Main 1531.
Oakland office, IIW Broadway.
Sacramento office. Kit J street.
Can Jes« office. T 7*est Santa, Clara street
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Moaticello."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Eat. at 9:13
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., t
p. m. Landing and office, Mivsion-street Dock,
Pier No. *. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE! 600
COKPAONIE 6EXEB4LE TBAKSITLAKTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVr/X-PARIS. f-ftltt
bailing every Thursday Instead of ¦^_*[_Q^>
Saturday, from November J. ISSJ. at <J*>iai'«S»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Jan. 4; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11: LA AQUITAINE. Jan.
IS; LA OASCOGNEi Jan. ?5. First class to
Havre. $€0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second cla.«* to Havre, Jts; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Bro&dwny (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. S Montgomery aye.. Ban Francisco.
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEIN BY. CO.
LE9SBH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbarm Ferry. Foot of Market Bt,
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; U:S3.
S:3U. 5:10, C:£o p. r=. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:1*
and ii:»» o. m. - -
EUNDATS— ?:M, »:SO. 11: C« a. m. ; l:J0. 1:30.
5:00. «:20 D. m.
. SAN RAFAEL TO &AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:30. »:W. 11:10 a. m.: tf:4S.
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Batnrday»— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— • dO. 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. t.U, 1:04,
1:25 D. m. ¦ . ¦
Between San Francisco aad Bc_ra«txen Park
nmt schedule as above. '
BAIXROAD TRAVEL.
COAST DIVISION (nroaiHlavgt).
(Thlnl and Tawnawitl Xt\)
OCEAN TBAVZL.
mmxrrmwvn* PAvmo com i>A3rr.
(PACIFIC STSTUC.) :. „"• • - . .
TralM leave aail an due «• nrrlv* ••
NAN I'ltAM'IM'H.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) ¦
is* vi — From Dzcxxßgn 15, 1539. — arritb
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
W^ St«*m«rs leav* Broadway
i^Xn, wharf, San Francisco:
Eti^kk For Alaskan ports, 19 a. m..
i Jan. 1. 6, 11, 15. 11. M. 81,
E£skß_S\srti Tf.b. 6, changs to company's
&£%2S^ yfgft steamers at Seattle.
Hs3C<!SSll For Victoria, Vancouver
f l «acgßgsB_i (B. C), Port Townsend, 8s-
attla, Taeoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 1. *.
M. it tl. 15 Jl, Feb. c. and every fifth day
{hereafter; change at Seattle to this company's
rteamers for Alaska and O. N. R y . : at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'V-: at Vancouver to C. P. R y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), t p, m.. Jan.
4 9. 14~ «. t*. ». Feb. S. and every fifth day
t^For a ianta Crui, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
veoY Port Harford (San Lula Oblspo). Oaviots,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. »
a. m., Jan X. 7. 11. 15. 1». 23. tl. tU Feb. 4,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Hir-
ford (San Luis Oblapo) Santa »**>•«. Port
Los Angeles and Redpndo (Los AnplM). 11 a.
m.. Jan. 1. 5. », U. 17. 71. 15. ». Feb. t and
every fourth day thereafter. T ___,'._>_i
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos« «lel
Cabo. MasaUan, Altata, LaPa*. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th Of each
For further Information obtain company's
°ThY company reserves the right to change
steamers, falling dates and hours of sailing
wlthont previous notice.
TICKET OFFIOIS— 4 K«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO.. OenjAgtt..
10 Market st. San Francisco.
*7>4><U Benlda. Sulsun, Ehnirv V.caTlllo,
B-x-KTand Uacraciento .* *7:t3y
•7i»». Shasta Eiprt-j— DaTlt, Willow*
Hed BluffT Portlacd •?:«»
•7tS»A Martinet, S_nP.amon.V_l!e]o. Jfapa,
Collator* an<l Santa. Knja # Oil.lr.
•»«»•* The OffiUnd LJtrired— Ocdea, Don-
' ver. On- aha. Chicago *oil3y
•Si-o* Bau .lose. Lltermure, Htocktoow
lone, Baerament(\ FlaeerfiUe^
M»ry«»i!lo. thico. Ked liluS Mllllv
•fliU** "Jlliton. «)__Jal-aml Honor* «4:|.lr
•D:«»O« Hcywartia. »Nii. i -n<l \Vn» Sritiont. # 1 1«43*
•«i««a Daria. Wocllard. Knlshts Laadlng;
M-rrsville, uroTilliv •7i-l3f i
•9i64)» Atlantis Kxpress— Ojden and East "UilSa
•ViOUa Martinez, Tracy, LaUirop, Htocitoo.
Mtrcil and Fresno. *13il3>>
•9i«O« Port C'osU, f'teano, Mojara and Lsa
.>- Augalon. *fli43r
•lOiOO* Vails-],., A!artlnes and Way Btotioaa *«t4a»
•1 1 ioo a Harwards. N ilcs an a Way BUUons. *S»4Sy
•18:00 m Nilcs, LtTermoro. Stockton, Bacr_-
mento, MenUota, Ilanf ord, VI jalla,
JPcrtettWo Mil 3»
tlt4>Or Sacramento l:tTe« Steamen ?Hi«o»
•3iOOr Hayworda. Niles aod Way Buttons. •0t43»
•4:««r Mauluer, Rau lUbiou. Vallejo,
MajM, CaUntogir. Haut» Ros» »»iia»
•4i««lr BeDida, VaeaTllla. Hacraniont^
Woo<llan<l, Krfcbts Itnrfin.
MarysTllle, Oro»lll« _. •¦•<434
Mi3<rr Ittles, H_n Joae and Ktnckton •7ilS_>
•3:«»»rTho Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno,
B-kersfleld. Han jos fcr Santa Bar*
ban, Lcs Angele-. „.... IMS.
•StOCr Ecsaci LiclteU— El Poo, Z?fw Or*
leo&sand East.... tlOtO*
•SißOp Stockton, Merced, freano... •13llS»
•3i3Or Froai.o. li-kertflel-l, H_nt» narhara,
I*€ Adjclcs, Detslnf, £1 Puo, " ••'-
Kow Orleans and East. *«iH»
•3t3or Ssiita Fa ltotite— Atlaiitto Ezprsss
fot Mojaro atiil Cast 'flMl-
•8:OOp najwarOa, Niles aad Baa Jose •?t4*4 .
?Oinor Vallejo •IStlSv
'OiSUr Oriental Mill-O; len asd East ••»•»
}?:O«r Vallejo. I*. t% C'osU and Way bu-
ttons....: IaHCSv
•Si«3r Oregon aad California Kii.reia.fiae>
raineiito, MarjiTllle, l(e<lillug.
Portlni..!. r,. B oli Ho,m.t ami F*st •»il3a
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
' CIBPATCH TAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-etreet Wnarf at 10 a. m.
CADE 812 Flr^t Claw Including Berts)
rAHt $8 Second Class and Meals.
State of California V." Sa il" t*"" !
Columbia Balls Dec. 29. Jan. I
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
TLrcgh tickets to all points East.
3CC. WARD, General Agent.
C3O Market it,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
O9AST DIVISION (Narrow CJaoge).
• (Foot of Market Street)
•»sl3/V Ker?ark.C'':utuTuir.fJ_:iJ.;fco.l->leon,
BonUlcr Creek. .Siiita Cruz and Way
Buttons »3i30»
(til Dr Newark. Centenille, Bao Jem*, New
Alma.ii-u, I'Vltt.n, I'oultler Cteek.
8-nta Crus and rriacipal Way
Statlooo t<*>S«4
Mti.ipKawarit, Ban Jom, Los Gatos. •O:20*
ttlilSr Hnnten' Excursion, Sac Jom and
WayStalio-» S7i3o»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
to- SIR F ttiSCISCO— foot «r _•¦ k«t Stritt (SSa b)—
•7:15 9.00 11M.4.K. |1:33 *.:C0 t3:30
•I=o3 tS:C3 'e^ar.*.
rrtoOAHUHD— raoli:Brc.viwsf.— *(l.oo 8:00 30:00*.M.
tUXO «I:C3 SfcN *3:C3 M=o3 '3:C:r.u.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TOaK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. FABIA
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
~ tm New Tork Every Wednesday. 15 a.m.
New Tork Jan. s;NewTork Jan. 24
Bt. Louis Jan. 10 St. Lous Jan. Jl
Bt. Paul Jan. 17. St. Paul Feb. 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwers.
From New York Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Westernland ....Dee. 27 Araponla Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. X FrieMand Jan. 24
Noordland Jan. 10 Southwark Jan. »I
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. MichaeJ. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apcly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
«O>IO/i Ocean View, South M.n Fnnciico.. t*'***
*7:«Oa San Joso ».¦..! Way Stations (New
A!i:ia<l"ii Weiinemlais only) •Ii»0»
• 9iOO» Ban Jo«e. Trea I'ii.i k. Saute Cms,
' P-cilio tiroxe. I'asn Itul.les. Hun
s I.uls Ol>isp<>, Hnrf, Lompoo ami
rrlncli>ol Way atnti.iiMi •lil»»
•IHi-lOa San .limn nii'l V. «f sfalliVis *O:Z~>4
•I lißOa Bao Jim -n.l Way .Stailoiis *3iao»
43i43rSan Mat-n. Ifetln-ooi. Mccln Park. «.v
l'alo Alto. Santa Clara. Man .loss,
Trcs I'lr.os. Banta Cruz. Saltnaa.
Monterey ami racilio Grovg tl»:rt<J*
t:i:Jl»p Paa.loaoana V.'.-.y Stations •7i3O*'
flilSr San Joseaml rrinclpal Way Statloiss "Js -15*.
? •l:OOp San Jo«c and rriacipal Wa7 .Station* tttiO<»»
*3:34k> San Jose an<l Frincipal Way Stations *Ss33a
•«:aop San Jose au<l WnyS^atlolls ?*«•©*
til :¦«¦•> r San Jos? anil Way Stations.. *7»aoy
A for Moruiug. 1* for Afternoon. ;
* Dally. ' t Hunrtar exrepted. { Sunday only.
b S_tord_y o n!y.
.JLXue s4»y« snd Fridays c Thursdays aod Bandars.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
l.er of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagawakt and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of railing.
HONGKONG MARU Tneeday. Jan. If
NIPPON MARU.. Friday. Feb. S
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at rMueert rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market stret-t. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Py ¦¦ Wednesday, Jan. 10,
5. S^7>\ ISOO. at 2 p. m.
*stwlTKhin rJ s - 8 - Moana satin rla
GylulllOlilU" Honolulu and Auckland
/^TiD^nii for Syiney Wednesday.
, . VPlllMO!Cfer.Tan. ?4. at Bp. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Sues,
England, eta : $610 first clatf*.
I. D. sPkECKELS a UROS.CO.. Agts.. H4 Montgc-ierj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
11JUMPED HIS BONDS.
George Walton, a Bunko-Steerer»;
Charged With Grand Larceny, '¦'.
Fails to Appear. .
George Walton, a well-kno-wn 'bunko
steerer, was arrested Sunday night on a
charge of grand larceny for stealing a
diamond ring, valued at $30, from George
W. Morse. 506 Ninth street. He was" re
leased on $5<JO bonds, accepted .by Judge
Treadwell.
When the case was called In Judy* Con
lan's court yesterday morning Walton
failed to appoar and the Judge declared
his bonds forfeited. He ordered a bench
warrant Issued for Walton's arrest, flxlri*
his bonds at $2000. . •". -' *
When Bond Expert Newman applied to
Judge Treadwell for the bonds the Judge
told him he had left them at his home
and he could not recollect the names ot
the bondsmen, but said he would bring- the
bonds to his court to-day.
DIRECTORY OF
MODERN YOUTH
BY THE MAYOR
Rare Youngsters of
Second Childhood.
CABINET OF SPECIMENS
TWO CENTURY PLANTS ON THE
PARE COMMISSION.
The maxim, "old men for counsel and
young men for war." Is not to apply to
modern San Francisco. Mayor Phelan
amends the doctrine by declaring that
old men shall not be perpetuated in office.
When pressed for his reasons for assert
ing that Esola was a better man for the
office of Chief of Police than Lees the
Mayor remarked: "This is an adminis
tration of young men."
A roster of the youth appointed by
Mayor Phelan to administer municipal
affairs Is worth special study. At the
head of the column one finds that lusty
youngster Colonel George H. Mendell, U.
S. A., retired. Some years ago Colonel
Mendell, having attained the age of 64
years, was retired from active service in
the United States army. Perhaps the col
onel Is an exception— a modern example
of the "everlasting youth of whom age
cannot wither nor custom stale his Infinite
variety."
Passing from Colonel Mendell the next
youngster on the Board of Public Works
is Jeremiah Mahoney. And a rare boy he
is Indeed. . Down the line further is Mars
den Manson, who is younger in years than
Mr. Mahoney, but as old in office-holding
as any man on the Mayor's precious list
or young men. . If medals were given for
successful achievements in getting and
holding fat oOices Mr. Manson's numerous
decorations would entitle him to ride at
the head of. a Fourth of July procesMon
Passing along to the Park Commission"
one nnds T some more youthful specimens
There is Jasper McDonald, who was a boy
in Kentucky early In the century and has
preservetrhis youth ever since. Happily
Reuben Lloyd, another youth, not rash or
impulsive, is on the commission. He may
exchange reminiscences of the early fifties
with Mr. McDonald and recall many of
the events of ancient San Francisco. ¦ .
Further along the line of Phelan's im
mortals one bumps up against that frisky
youngster James Denman, who began his
political career by voting for General
would be replaced with those less omin
ous this morning.
"The storm is still with us." he said,
"and may resume operations at any time.
It has not yet gone south of Tehachani.
but I believe it will soon reach there. Th«
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers are
rising, but there Is no damage yet report
ed. At Red Bluff the river is twenty feet
high, which is about eight feet above the
normal, but that is not a surprising height
for this time of year. The seasonal rain
fall to date is nearly twelve inches, which
is a good average. The State needs every
drop of rain that has fallen. This storm
was very accurately foretold and with
the exception of Eureka. - ample notice
was given shipping along the coast.
Eureka could not be reached by telegraph
all day.
"The rainfall should bring out the
croakers of the last two years and
force them into an acknowledgment of
their folly.' These cranks, because there
was a dry season, proclaimed that the
meteorological conditions of the coast
were changing and that California would
soon be a desert. - These fallacies were, of
course,' made the most of by States not
deslrpus of seeing California rob them of
their prestige. Now. these croakers
should be equally vociferous in proclaim
ing that this is not a freak State from
the meteorological standpoint, but pre
serves a very beneficial average."
Around town the storm caused some
damage to trees and fences, and the
washing out of some gravel on Castro
street caused a temporary delay of street
car travel on that line. The peril to life
and limb from the billboards that dis
figure the city was made apparent by
many narrow escapes from injury. An
election booth at O'Farrell and Mason
streets was toppled over.
WAS INTOXICATED ON PARADE
HE FEARED DISMISSAL iIOBE
THAN DEATH. ;' . V
At the Private Sanitarium Where Ho
Was Taken Small Hope Is .:.'
' Held Out for His Re
covery.
Policeman Lewis E. Meredith, attached
to Captain Gillin's division, attempted to
commit suicide early on Monday morning
at his home, 723 Castro street, by ahootlnj
himself twice in the right- temple. . It U
not expected that he will recover. : .. • .';
During the annual parade of th<* p.olica
December 22 Meredith was ordered out of
the ranks because he was under the Influ
ence of liquor. On his way home he.feV?
from a car and skinned his nose. A charge
of being intoxicated while on duty had
been filed against him, and It would have
been heard to-night by the Police Conn /
missloners. He had beeen brooding ove*
his disgrace and it is supposed that Is.
the reason why he shot himself.
Meredith's wife reported the matter to
the Seventeenth-street station, and since
then Sergeant Petrin has been looking
after the wo'inded officer. Yesterday h»
was removed to Dn Howard a sanitarium.
on Sutter street. In. an unconscious con<2l-»
tion, with small hope of his recovery. " . :.¦
Mrs. Meredith stated that after they
had ail retired and were asleep her hus
band got out of bed about 2 o'clock in th*
morning and fired two shots into his right
temple. She was awakened by the reports
of the shots and found him unconscious
and bleeding on the floor. Dr. Miller was
called In and at once saw that the cas«
was serious, as the whole of Meredith's
right side was paralyzed by the effect of
the shots. . . ¦
Meredith Joined, the force December U.
1596. and was looked upon as an efficient
officer. He was a member of Sergeant
Donovan's squad in Chinatown and -did
excellent service. Prior to Joining th»
force he was a conductor on the Caatro
street line. He has a wife and several
small children. ' MB^fUr-1*: ¦ •
ADVEBTISEMEXJTS.
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. On* <So«» wtn ston
a coutfu Never tall*. Try tt. All <JnxrH«tfc .
It takes the average man ' about three
score and ten years to discover that he
isn't a genius.
Husbands Deserted Them.
Suits for divorce on the ground- of. de-.
sertion have been filed by Anna Wlen
berg against Louis Wienberg and Annia
Bridges against Robert Bridges. i*"~r.
Welcomed the Bride.
A pleasant reception and dance was
given last evening by the officers and la
dies of the Presidio to Lieutenant James'
S. Parker and his bride. The young cou
ple had only recently returned from their
honeymoon. Lieutenant Parker is of F
Troop of the Sixth Cavalry, and his wife
was a Miss Lemley, daughter of Captain
Lemley, retired, at one time a popular
officer of the Third Artillery. All the of
ficers and ladies of the Presidio and the
bay posts were present, besides many
guests from the city. The affair was
given In the bop room of the club house.
UNKNOWN MAN DROWNED.
He "Was Too "Weak to Cling to the
Rope Thrown to Him.
Cries of "Help! help!" at 2:30 o'clock
yesterday morning attracted the atten
tion of M. Mullen, watchman of the
Southern' Pacific Railroad slip at Second
and Townsend streets. He rushed to the
end of the dock and saw a man struggling
in the water. Mullen called for assistance,
and Frank Clapp and R. Walsh, two
brakemen, ran to pull on the rope that
Mullen had thrown to the drowning man.
When half out of the water the unfortun
ate man let go his hold and fell back and
was seen no more.
The body of the unknown has hot been
recovered.
TABLE OF RAINFALLS.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date, as compared with those
of the same date last season and rainfalls in the last twenty-four hours
ending at 6 p. m. yesterday:
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours. ' Season. Season.
Eureka ,-. ... v ; . 12 47
Red Bluff i.48 psj&l 5!97
Sacramento... .92 11.03 5.21
San Francisco .79 • n.92 459
Fresno .12 .. 4.79 2.61
Independence .08 • 1.86 ' 0.69
San Luis Obispo .12 10.50 3.67
Los Angeles Trace Z. 40 ' o^B6
San Diego..... oi . 1.95 1.33
Yuma .00 0.58 1.32
Iowa Official Seriously Ill.
State Auditor Frank Merrlam of Dcs
Moines, lowa, is dangerously ill at Mount
Zion Hospital. He is suffering from ty
phoid fever and his chance of . recovery
is doubtful. Mr. Merriam came to this
city on a visit about ten days aeo. He
stayed at the Occidental Hotel, where he
has some friends, and a few days after his
arrival he showed symptoms of typhoid.
Hip friends advised that he go to a hos
pital. The advice was taken none too
early, as he has now been in a critical
condition for several days.
Internal Revenue Appointments.
Two appointments were made yesterday
by United States Internal Revenue Col
lector Lynch, one being that of B. F. Cas
sidy of this city as deputy collector in
charge of indexing and handling Chinese
registration certificates, and the other
that of L. E. Witteameyer as deputy col
lector in the Fourth District, to fill the
vacancy caused by the transfer of Frank
A. Fletcher to be a storekeeper and gauger
at the bonded warehouses In this city.
New Registration Law.
The Smith registration law passed at
the last session of the Legislature, which
provides for a new registration of voters
every two years, went into effect this
morning. The Registrar's office will be
kept open continuously for purposes of
registration except during the forty days
immediately preceding any election, when
It shall cease as to electors residing in the
territory within which such election is to
be held. Transfers may be made from
one precinct or ward to another in the
same county at any time, except within
twenty-five days Immediately preceding
such election. Registrar Steppacher was
the first to register under the new law,
and the Mayor was the fifth.
WIND SWEPT FIERCELY
OVER THE RESERVATION
SOME SLIGHT DAMAGE DONE AT
THE PRESIDIO.
Speculation on the Successor of Colo
nel Freeman as Post Command
er—A Night of Revelry
on Angel Island.
A few yards of Ivy-covered fence behind
the officers quarters, some broken boughs
and trees uprooted and a generally
combed-out appearance to the whole post
was the record of the storm yesterday at
the Presidio. The damage on the whole
did not amount to much, the only real
wreckage that could be piled was in the
campus, but the huts stood up stiffly to
the wind and not more than a dozen In all
four camps were blown down.
New Year's eve ran a bibulous course
among the men of the Third Artillery
forming the garrison on | Angel Island.
Some of them got leave to row over to
Tlburon during the afternoon, and when
they returned about dusk a goodly cargo
of strong waters was stowed snugly away
under the thwarts and in bow and stern."
The stuff was landed without detection,
and that night twenty or more of the men
held riotous revel. There wa& a good deal
of noise, but no guns were discharged,
nothing was said or done about It — or at
least nothing has been said or done so far.
Word reached the city that half the gar
rison was raising Cain, and the courts
martial of all kinds would speedily follow,
but it was not nearly so bad as that and
Assessor Dodge's Deputies.
Assessor Dodge announced the tempor
ary list of his appointees yesterday aft
ernoon. The men appointed are all old
employes of the office. Before January 8
next he will appoint his deputies, who
will hold for Bixty days until the civil ser
vice clause of the new charter goes into
effect. The new list will probably be the
same as that appointed to-day, which Ir
as follows:
J. Bennett, H. L. Blenfleld, R. V. Cros
key, J. Campodonlco, F. J. Corbett. H.
Dahl, John Fennls, P. J. Fay. Charles
Gildea. John Ginty. A. B. Henderson, Otto
Hess. Moses Hems. E. Howerton. H. R.
Hagan, M. C. Haley, W. B. Joyce, W. 11.
Kline. J. Lalley, A. D. Mlesegaes, A". W.
Murphy. M. W. Pratt. F. L..Putman. W.
H. Rellly. George Tyroll. W. H. Wiggins
Jr and W. B. Pritchard.
California Drenched With Rain
so far there seems to be no crop of courts
martial appearing.
Army gossip seems determinedly headed
toward Colonel Rawles of the Third Artil
lery as the probable successor to Colonel
Freeman as commandant of the Presidio.
Colonel Rawles is now commandant of the
post at Angel Island. By those who know
briar ter s sentiments on the proposition
of an artilleryman in charge of the Pre
sidio, however, the coming of Colonel
Rawles is looked upon as something im
probable, unless Rawles' Washington
wires can overcome Shafter's objections
to hUr stripes. As a matter of fact the
Presidio is an infantry post by order of
General Miles, who believed the artillery
branch should be where fortifications or
arsenals are located, leaving the big reser
vations to be garrisoned by. infantry and
cavalry. :
¦A. general court-martial has been ap
pointed to meet at the Presidio to-morrow
to clear up the calendar of refractory
before they sail for Manila on
the Tartar. The detail for the court Is as
follows:
Captain Henry C. Danes. Third Artillery.
Captain Joseph M. Califf, Third Artillery.
Captain E. P. Wlllcox, Sixth Cavalry.
Captain E. V. Bookmlller, Ninth Infantry.
Second Lieutenant John C. Raymond, Blxth
C&v&lry* ¦ . .-.¦.;
•Second Lieutenant TVallac« B. Scales, Blxth
Cavalry.
Second Lieutenant William Forse. Third Ar
tillery. . . ¦ • . . . .
First Lieutenant James 8. Parker, Sixth
Cavalry, Judge advocate.
The school for private soldiers opened
at the Presidio yesterday under the super
vision of Chaplain J. H. Macomber, with
Private Oliver of Battery I. Third Artil
lery, teacher. These post schools are for
the purpose of instructing soldiers who
are deficient in education.
Acting Assistant Surgeons F. H. Tltm
and Frederick Pearl, and contract Nurses
Cecelia Earhart and Helene Marshall
have been assigned to the Tartar for duty
aboard and for transportation to Manila.
HOT TIME THE
MUSE OF THE
VIOLENT STORM
Oregon Sends Out a
Cold Wave.
TROUBLE WAS INEVITABLE
*ym McADEB STILL FLTES A BED
PENNANT.
High above the Mills building two pen
iiants. rich in danger color, flapped fran
tically all day yesterday. They gave offi
cial indication that the prevailing storm
had shown a desire to linger around San
"Francisco Bay and mirht be expected at
any minute to renew Its violence. The
Jew sickly rays of sunshlDe that pierced
the heavy atmosphere during the after
roon were only a bluff— a wicked device
of the weather director, cays Forecaster
McAdle of the United States Weather
J?ur«jau. to ruin a few New Year's hats
end costumes.
The heavy storm should not have
caught anybody by surprise. Long before
daylight It was predicted and red flags
were at once hoisted at every point along
the coast where leU-graphic wires
reached. It was not a vagrant disturb
ance. As early as 6 o'clock in the tnorn-
Foreraster McAdie was advised that some
guspidous-looking clouds were navigating
along the • Oregon coast and steering a
course that passed directly over "San
Francisco. This tip, and the barometer,
were all that were necessary to inform
the local weather sharps that a heavy
southeaster would arrive shortly after
breakfast and that it would create a use
for every mackintosh and rubber in town.
Jt" came on time. Between 10 and 11 a.
m. the wind howled from the southeast,
close on to fifty miles an hour. Although
sudden and sharp the storm was not a
very violent one: it was Just a lively
California midwinter blew, such as the
State needs and should expect at this time
of the year. After the cold spell of two
vr.eeks ago, during which time Oregon was
having a comparatively warm, if not a
hot time. «. storm was to be expected, and
no it fell upon this part of the State. Such
is the explanation, according' to the
•weather • man, why billboards were
blown down, trees were razed, ferryboats
and car* had to stop and an Inch of rain
fell Trithln twenty-four- hours In Central
and Northern California.
. Even at midnight Mr. McAdle would
give no assurance that the red flags
Jackson and has not yet made an Im
provement on his original selectlon.
Dr. McNutt of the Police Commissslon
also holds a conspicuous place in the
Mayor's army of the young and progress
ive. It is true /that the doctor practiced
medicine In San Francisco long before
appendicitis became fashionable, but he
Is still young. When the water came
up to Montgomery street Dr. McNutt and
Dr. R. Beverley Cole were the best known
physicans of the town. Dr. Oliver Wen
dell Holmes, the charming Autpcrat of the
Breakfast Table, was young at four-score.
He gently reproved one for saying that h«
was eighty years old by remarking
"eighty years young."
M. Greenblatt of the Election Ccm
mlssion, formerly editor of the German
Demokrat, may add years to his store of
years, but he will always recall his early
associations with Horace Greeley and the
elder Bennett. •".-
Jeremiah Deasy of the Election Com
mission was a youngster more than
sixty years ago. He keeps right along
acquiring youthful traits as his years in
crease. His best friends say that he has
not yet reached the age of dlscret'on, as
he lost his vote at the late election by an
Indiscreet change of residence.
Posslblv the Mayor may place second
childhood in the "youth" class and thus
account for several of his appointments.
The idea of turning down Lees on the
score of age and bringing to the front
Mendell, McDonald. Lloyd, Mahoney.
Denman, McNutt. Deasy and Greenblatt
seems absurd, unless the second childhood
theory is presented.
POLICEMAN PUTS
BULLETS INTO
HIS OWN BRAIN
Meredith Afraid to
Face Charges,
was Just off Goat Island about the time when the Adams was drifting ashore. She was making
very heavy weather of it and hundreds of people along the front watched her with the greatest
of interest. All at once she was. seen to broach to and the next instant an immense wave broke
over her.. Everybody aboard made sure the vessel was going down and a rush was made for the
life preservers. The Berkeley righted herself, however, and finally made her landing without
further mishaps.
The Bay City had a lively time of it at the narrow gauge mole. She carried away the apron
during her plunging and had finally to go to the broad gauge landing to put her passengers ashore.
It was so rough oft Folsom street wharf that the revenue cutters McCulloch .and Rush had
to up anchor and run for shelter off Meiggs wharf. The McCulloch's anchors fouled while they
were being taken in and the vessel rolled gunwales under whilo they were being got inboard.
The gasoline schooner Barbara Hernster, coming in along the seawall, got into difficulties with
the scow War Eagle and the scow suffered considerably. The Hernster was trying to make a land
ing at section 4 and the War Eagle was being warped out when the two came together. The
scow had her railing torn away and the schooner was damaged about her headgear.
The steamer Cleveland went out Sunday bound for Kahului, but put back on account of the
storm. She had a deckload of live stock and Captain Klitgard would not take any chances.
Out of a fleet of fifteen steamers due from Puget Sound and way ports yesterday only one
the George W. Elder from Portland, made port. At sundown the Walla Walla from Puget
Sound: Coquille River and Newburg from Grays Harbor; North Fork from Eureka; Mackinaw,
Elihu Thomson and Czarina, from Seattle: Bristol from Departure Bay; Albion from Tillamook;
Aberdeen from Portland; Noyo from Fort Bragg, and Crescent City and Aloha from Crescent
City, had not been heard from. They will probably make port early to-day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail steamer Australia got in from Honolulu yesterday
afternoon and was placed in quarantine. The cabin passengers were allowed to land, however, and
were brought ashore on the tug Fearless. The officers Of the steamer say that there was one death
of a white girl at Honolulu on December 22 and two Chinese were found dead in the Chinese quar
ters on Christmas day. These fatalities started the plague scare again and every precaution was
being taken to stamp out the disease when the mall boat left. The Australia only brought one
steerage passenger, a Chinese named Lee Goon. On account of the plague the agents of the vessel
refused to carry any of the half-hundred people who wanted to come to San Francisco second
class. The cabin passengers were: J. A. Driffell, wife and two children, A. G. Eames and wife. Dr.
F. H. Humphries and wife. Dr. Keith and wife, W. H. Wallace and wife, T. Smith and wife. A.
Lysaght and wifa. R. Turner and wife, Mrs. J. M. Whlteman, H. C. Callahan, A. T. Eastland", C.
O. Baker, Miss M. L. Barnard. Mrs. J. M. Johnson, C. J. Chapman, Miss E. C. An
derson, J. Turner and two children, F. J. Claussen, Lady A. Bromley, E. P. V.
Morgan, R. Lowrie, D. H. Rupp, F. A. Dlxon, W. Belir, E. M. Brown, S. A. Cutter, Miss G.
Cutter. E. C. Macfarlane, Miss M. Ash, F. Brughelll, W. B. Miller, A. Zuckerman, J. H. Fisher,
B. M. Ansherman, J. C. Leftwich. Mrs. E. Richards, C. H. Atherton. F. A. Voight. H. P. Eackle,
J. Alger. F. S. Dickens, Miss A. Smith, G. A. Davis, R. H. L"ong. Mrs. Wyard, W. M. Thornton.
E. D. Matts. J. R. Stansbury, J. J. Keenan, H. Busch, J. M. O'Brien, D. McNicoll, Mrs. W
Bromley and two children. Dr. V. H. Murray. *,% <.;':!• ?
During the morning the Australia got the full force of the grale and there was not a passen
ger aboard that was not glad to reach port. The steamer will be fumigated and released to-day,
after which she will come to the wharf.
Pat Manning fell down the hold of the transport Tartar yesterday and fractured his forearm
and badly lacerated his face.
The overdue ships Jules Verne, on which 12 per cent reinsurance was paid, and Louis Pasteur
on which 25 per cent was paid, arrived yesterday at Portland:
A Hurricane From the Southeast Makes Trouble for Shipping.
3^ HE United States training ship Adams had a narrow escape yesterday from total destruc
tion on Goat Island. During the southeaster she dragged her anchors and, shifting broad
elde on into the bight, brought up on the sandy beach near the wharf to which the Pen
i-acola -was tied. :!..-<
The American ship Alexander Gibson broke away from her moorings during the same
storm, the schooner Barbara Hernster was driven down on the scow War Eagle, the ferry
Steamers had a terrible time of it, the mail steamer Australia caught it coming in from Hono
lulu, while the George W. Elder was the only one of the fleet due from northern ports to get In.
The storm came up from the southeast In the night, but lulled during the early morning
hours. At 6 a. m. It was only blowing a light breeze, but three hours later the wind had in
creased to thirty miles an hour at Point Lobos. From that time on the wind gained in strength,
and about 10 a. m. it was piping along at the rate of sixty miles an hour. Up to noon it blew a
hurricane and the vessels in the southern part of the bay had a lively time. During the after
noon the gale moderated somewhat, and at 3 p. m. it was only blowing forty miles an hour.
.The training ship Adams came down from Mare Island last Saturday and anchored off the
training station on Goat Island. When the Southeaster was at its height her anchors dragged,
and before steam could be got in the boilers she was ashore. The United States tug Active tried
to tmv her off, but failed, and then a hawser was passed from the Adams to the Pensacola, but
the latter could not budge the training ship with the full power of her donkey engines.
The tide was on the turn and it looked as though the Adams would have to remain in her
dangerous position all night. A telephone message was sent to the Spreckels Towboat Company
.and Superintendent McCoy at once sent the Relief to the assistance of the stranded warship.
' \Chen the tug got over to the island Captain Silovich found a great deal of difficulty in getting
near the Adams. He had to anchor the Relief and allow her to drift down to the stranded vessel
as the anchor chain was paid out.
A four and one-half inch steel hawser was put aboard the Adams and then the tug was
gradually worked up to full speed ahead. It was a long, steady pull and the hawser parted under
the pressure. It was a brand is?w rope and the strain upon it must have been enormous.
While going ashore the Adams' anchor chains had become fouled so it was impossible to get
them up. They were accordingly slipped as Boon as a new hawser was put aboard from the
Relief and then the training ship was towed Into a place of safety. Another set of anchors were
then dropped and she rode ont the gale in safety.
The Alexander Gibson was lying on the north side of Fremont street wharf, loading for
New Tork. When, the storm was at Its highest her bow line parted and the big ship at once
swung around toward Beale street. She struck the wharf and also the barkentine Katie Flickenger
and brought tip. The barkentine was damaged to the extent of about $50, principally about tho
bow, while the wharf had Its underpinning damaged to the extent of $100. When the Gibson's
hawser parted It struck the skylight of the shed on the wharf and tore it clean open. Then when
the ship swung around the barkentine's main boom struck her deckhouse and nearly carried it
overboard. All In all. it will take about $2500 to repair the damage done at the wharves. When the
wind went down the Gibson was hard and fast in the mud. It will be high tide to-day before she
can get back to her berth.
At the mall dock little damage was done, as the stea.ners were all well moored. The waves
broke over the end of the dock, however, and made things very uncomfortable for the Custom
house officers and dock employes.
The ferry steamers had a very lively time of it during the early hours of the day. The
Berkeley was boarded by a sea that broke in all the windows on the lower deck, while the boats
on the narrow gauge route were unable to make a landing at all for a while. The Berkeley
During the entire month of Jan^
uarD we will offer great Mrgalns .
In all our departments to close
out our fall and winter goods.
Specials This Week.
25,000 uards FINE WHITE EMBROIDERIES, : / '
both Nainsook and Cambric, edainas and I
insertlnas, half inch to 7 inches wide,
Prices 5c to 50c Yard
These embroideries are fullu 25 De? cent- : .
less than similar aoods can be imported
for at the present time. ¦¦ . ;'•
275 PRINTED FRENCH SATEEN COMFORT-
ERS, size for three-auarter beds, beautl- ¦ ..,
ful desians, with pure snowflake filling.
Price 52.50 Each
Worth $3.50
300 pairs WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,; :
extra size and superfine aualltu.
Price $3.75 Pair H
Regular Value /$5.00
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Training Ship Adams Goes Ashore on Goat Island--- Alex Gibson Breaks Away From Her Mooring
Ferry Boats in Trouble— Schooners in Collision— Australia in Quarantine.
12
WINTRY WINDS PLAY HAVOC ON THE WATER FRONT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900.