TACTICS OF THE BOER WARRIORS.
[From the London Illustrated News.]
GENERAL. CRONJE'S MEN AT MODDER RIVER FOLLOW THE SAME EFFECTIVE METHODS OF FIGHT
ING OFF LORD ROBERTS AND LORD KITCHENER AS JOUBERT'S MEN EMPLOY AGAINST GENERAL. BUL
LER ON THE TUGELA. WHEN AWAITING AN ATTACK. THEY LIE UNDER COVER UNTIL THE, ENEMY
COME NEAR. AND THEN, EVERY MAN FOR HIMSELF, BEGIN TO SHOOT, SHOOT, SHOOT AS LONG AS THERE
IS AN ENEMY TO BE SEEN.
change . of . . cavalry . tactics. . eliminating
yvzsrcttaxgestrbt ?mrhlch Emperor William
showed himself ..pa fond at the recent,
army maneuvers.
LONDON, Feb. 25, 3:55
p. m. — Lord Roberts has
sent the following addi
tional advices to the War Office:
"PAARDEBERG, Saturday.
Feb. 24. — Methuen reports that
Barckley West was occupied by
our troops on February 22. The
loyal inhabitants displayed great
enthusiasm. The country- west of
the railway from Cape Town to
Kimberley is gradually settling
down. A detachment has started
from De Aar for Britstown, and
Douglas and Prieska will shortly
be visited by our troops.
"Methuen's account of the ad
mirable manner in which the
Kimberley hospital is managed
made one desire to send some of
our sick and wounded there."
The Times publishes the fol
lowing from Paardeberg, dated
Wednesday, February 21 : "Gen
eral Cronje's forces have good
cover from the British artillery
fire and have considerable stores
of provisions."
A dispatch to the Morning
Post from Kimberley, dated Fri
day, says: "General Cronje is re
ported to have plenty of provis
ions, but to be running short of
ammunition. Mr. Rhodes is ex
tremely hopeful that the war has
reached its concluding stage."
The Times publishes the fol
lowing dispatch from Colenso, I
dated Saturday: "The British are
now within two miles of being in
touch with Ladysmith, but the
ground still to be covered is the
hardest part and very severe
fighting must be expected."
STERKSTROOM, Sunday,
F c b 25. — A reconnoissance yes
terday, in force under General
Gatacre, with eight guns, found
the Boers occupying a ridge
three miles beyond Molteno, in
the Stormberg direction. Mont
morency's scouts charged the
Boers, who crept around the
scouts' flank, pouring in a deadly
fire. The scouts were finally com
pelled to retire, having lost heav
ily. Fourteen are missing. Cap
tain de Montmoreney was killed.
The reconnoissance was valuable
and would have been most satis
factory had it not been for the
unfortunate disaster of the
scouts, with whom Lieutenant
Colonel Hoskier happened to be.
Their loss was four killed and
many wounded and missing.
General Gatacre has issued a
divisional order, announcing the
killing of Captain de Montmor
eney, commanding Montmor
ency's scouts, and Lieutenant
Colonel F. 11. Hoskier of the
Third Middlesex Volunteer Ar
tillery.
„.-.._.... ? , , .........
LONDON. Feb. 25, 3:55 p. m.— The War Office publishes the following
dispatch from Lord Roberts: . . .. j)
"PAARDEBERG, Feb. 24. 12:2O p. m— Parties of Boers, recently
arrived from Natal attacked cur outposts in force yesterday. They lost a
good many killed and wounded and near'y 100 prisoners, including a com
mandant and three field cornets. Our casualties were four officers
wounded, nine men killed, twenty-three men wounded, two men missing-
On the 21st and 22d one officer and thirteen men were wounded.
"Six men were wounded yesterday by hollow-nosed Mausar bullets.
The nickel cases were slit with four slits, making the projectile of the most
expansive and explosive nature possible. A wounded Boer brought to our
hospital yesterday had sixty of these bullets in his pockets.
"During the advance to and at Kimb rley ths casualties were: Officsrs,
two killed, thirteen wounded; men, four killed, seventy-eight wounded."
(The officers' casualties had previously been reported.)
GALLANT CRONJE STILL HOLDS HIS GROUND
AGAINST LORD ROBERTS' COMBINED ARMIES
<? 3STOTED BRITISH^^^^
<? OFFICER inAXJIiS 0
COLENSO. Natal, Feb. 24.-The
Boers, who had been reinforced,
made a stand on Thursdu/ at
Groblers Kloof and on a range of
hills running cast. They had been
forced from all their positions on
the right. General Lyttelton's division on
Thursday advanced under cover of the
kopjes. The Boern fired a Creusot and a
Long Tom. The British artillery was well
sheltered In the action at daybreak and
until late In the afternoon, when a heavy
rifle fire on both sides developed. The
British infantry had advanced a mile and
a half, and a continuous fire was kept up
until after dark. The Boers stuck to
thrir positions. The British a rtliiery fire
was irregular. A few salvos were sent
¦toward the thickly wooded spots and ra
vine: from which the Boer lire was heav
iest. The Boers pent shells Into the head
quarters baggage, cjo.»e to the hospital,
but no material damage was. done. Gen
eral Wynne was slightly wounded.
The Boer positions arc not considered
strong, T/lth the • exception of Groblers
Kloef. The hills eastward aro not so high,
and cannot be Intrenched so; well" as the
mountains irhloh the British hay« taken.
try had reached within a few hundred
yards of the first line of Boer irenche-.
ADVANCE OF BULLER
STUBBORNLY CONTESTED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW, YORK, Feb. .26.— The Sun has the
following. from Colenso Camp, dated.Feb
iruary 24, 2:10 p. m.: Hard fighting, has
;nbw been going on night and day for ten
days, and in that time the British have
gained a, few miles in the advance toward
Ladysmith.
Every, hill in this part of the country
has been strongly intrenched and is stub
bornly held by the Boers. Every yard of
the British advance is hotly- contested. ..
Up -to last evening the British had got
nearly to- Pleters Station, and were at
tacking the high hills above * the railway
station. It is thought, that the British
casualties have been heavy.
Mall Reaches Kimberley.
: .. KIMBERLEY/ ' Friday, ' Feb. . 23.—Octo
ber's mail arrived to^ay by the first pas
senger train' from' the south. 1 ' -•¦•¦;*•-¦;'•
From the Crests of the Hills They Pour in a
Withering Fire Upon the Advancing
British Columns.
BULLER HELD AT BAY BY
BURGHERS ON THE TUGELA
The Somersets were the first across the
pontoons on Wednesday.' They were sub
jected to a heavy fire for five hours in ar.
isolated position. It was the first time
they had been under nre, and they be
haved excellently.
Early on Friday a severe rifle fire was
rer'jmcd on the right and front from the
positions held over nlsht,; by both skl.?s.
The British naval guns, howitzers, moun
tain and field butteries shelled | the Boer
trenches Incessantly. The Boers , replied
with two heavy guns, some of their .;h-*lls
bursting over the hospital. As a result
the British wounded were removed.
During the afternoon the Fifth Brieaile.
the Inniskillins and Dublins leading, be
gan to advance up the hills.' In suite of
the -constant shelling the Boers stood up
in .their trenches, aiming deliberately
down the hills.
The infantry advance was 'vrther cov
ered by parties on the right and left,- Wr
ing volleys; .It was slow, the Hrllish tak
ing advantage of every bit of . natural
cover. The Boers. on the r crests of ,the
hills, as well as 'frem> the 'trenches -Dart 'of
the way down, ¦ poured lead along ¦ the ad
vancing line. .At dark the " British inf an •'
BRITISH CAPTURED
EIGHTY PRISONERS
PAARDEBERG, Orange Free State,
Saturday. Feb. 24.— The British took
eighty 'prisoners as the result of yester
day's engagement. A balloon ascended
and discovered several new works, which
the British guns shelled to-day.
PAARDEBERG. Orange Free State.
Feb. 23.— The British are gradually clos
ing in upon General Cronje from all sides
and making hlg position more Impossible
than ever. During the course of last
night the British artillery poured in sev
eral rounds. There was a terrible rain
and thunderstorm early In the evening.
The Canadians were heavily engaged In'
Sunday's fight, behaving most gallantly.
COLONIAL CAVALRYMEN
QUIT BRITISH SERVICE
CAPE TOWN, Saturday, Feb. 24.—
Within the last few days 200 prisoners
have arrived here and preparations are
/being made to receive large numbers. Of
ficers and men have been dispatched to
Walfisch Bay. where It Is reported that
Boer munitions are being landed. It Is
said that about oO per cent of the first
five squadrons of Brabant's Horse have
taken their discharges, having completed
their engagement for three months. Va
rious reasons are given.
LONDON. Feb. 26.— The Standard has
the following from Cape Town, dated
Saturday:
"The Boer force occupying Prieska con
sisted of 120 rebels led by Free Staters. A
proclamation has been read annexing the
Prieska district to the Free State, and all
loyal British have been given eight days
to quit the r place. I an assured by refu
gees from Prieska that unless troops are
speedily sent there the whole northwest
ern district will rise."
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent
of the Times says:
"The feeling In official circles at Pre
toria borders on consternation. General
Louis Bctha and President Steyn are both
urging President Kruger to sue for peace. :
At Bloemfonteln General Cronje's posi
tion Is regarded as hopeless."
SACRIFICE OF LIFE
NOT MADE IN VAIN
'LONDON." Feb. 26.— Spencer Wilkinson.'
¦ reviewing ths military situation in the
Morning Post, says:
..".The- probabilities, are that the Boers
have not been able to collect a large force
to attack Lord Roberts. General Cronje's
surrender may occur at any moment. But
the Boer commander knows what he Is do
ing; he Is not sacrificing lives for nothing.
Every day he can hold out means the de
lay of a day in Lord Roberts' advance
and the gain of a day for the besieger*
of Ladysmith. Therefore. Lord Roberts
Is acting rightly In tightening his icrip In
order to hasten the removal of General
Cronje's ' force, and General Buller's ad
vance Is the best help that can be given
Lord Roberts." _
DE MONTMORENCY'S
DISTINGUISHED RECORD
LONDON. Feb. 33.— Captain de Mont
moreney. who was killed near Sterk
stroom while commanding Montmorency's
Scouts, was a noted man in the ' British
army and a wearer of the Victoria Cross.
He was the son of Major General Vis
count Frankfort and belonged to the
Twenty-third Lancers. . He gained the
Victoria Cross at Omdurman, where he
served under General -Kitchener. Lieu
tenant Grenfell had been killed and tho
British earnestly desired to recover his
body. At great personal risk Captain de
Montmoreney undertook the -task, not
withstanding It compelled him to face the
Dervishes alon*.
: T"** AARDEBERG. ' Orange -Free State. •
¦ J>\Vcdnesdi7.;yFeb;^2l.~TßeJ > \Vcdnesdi7.;yFeb;^21.~TRe /fourth
\|Tv day. of. General Cronies 'fine de-
I fense opened in "startling, fashion.
"*T, <£ Soon after.-dawn a most, terrific
."-', "prattle of rifle fire broke out. awak
ening the sleeping camp. It was the heav
iest'tire during' the War. arid all:awaltod
with foreboding the news of Its effect.
"It soon developed that the Gloucester*
and Es?exes had lost their way and biv
ouacked, in error, close to the Boer
laager on the north side of the river.' A*
soon as they were perceived by the enemy
the latter fusilladed. Wonderful to to.l.
the British casualties were practically
none. I • ' ¦
There was desultory firing all day long
on. both the north and south banks. Gen
eral Knox's brigade holding and pushinjr
forward the line south of tho river, wnlle
General Smith-Borrien. on the north side,
worked . toward the laaEer. Meanwhile
General French advanced In a far east
erly direction near a kopje held by a
strong force of Cronje's men,, reinforced
by a Ladysmith contingent. At .the. same,
time General Broadwood's brigade. w!th
a battery of horse artillery, took up posi
tions ¦to the- left and rear of ¦ the- cam:
kopje. The front of the hill was thor
oughly searched by. a rallying ¦ fire.
Suddenly the Boers bolted from every
side toward General French, who heado.l
toward the drift, shelling vigorously. -A
great number escaped, -but many were
killed by shrapnel, ana forty were cap
tured. V'-Al
As soom as the kopje was evacuated I
visited it. The position was found to be
wonderfully strong naturally and to form
the real key to the position In the case of
defense against Boer reinforcements ad
vancing from the east.
Our first contact with the Ladysmßh
Boers was singularly unfortunate for
them. A great deal of forage, provisions
and .equipment was captured. . and the
kopje was frequently dotted with blood,
shpwing that many wounded had been
removed. . ¦
The Boer method of removing tnelr
dead is to tie! a couple of reins to the
body, which is thus dragged off by two
horsemen at full gallop. There .were sev
eral "pourparlers"- to-dny*on the subject
of a short armistice. It seems that Gimi
eraV'Crbnje Is willing to surrender, .but
that the young Transvaalers refuse. Thi>
other - beleaguered Boers" are. anxious to
A British doctor who .^visited the Bow
lines to see the. wounded found the
trenches along the river, full of wounded
and saw many dead.* ¦ .
A deserter who came; Into camD says
that yesterday's' bombardment was appal
ling In Its effects, especially In the case of
tne howitzers' batteries enfilading The
r The position to-day Is practically the
same. The Boers are strengthening their
lritrehchments around the laager, but the
case is hopeless. The capture of the kopje
to-day has given the British a splendid
position and vlll prevent a Boer relic vine
force • reaching Cronjc. .- %.
Everybody admires the splendid stand
of the burghers, but from a humanitarian
point of view, it is considered that further
resistance on tho part of General Cronje
will be criminal. Every shrapnel shell
flnds'a victim, and unless a miracle occurs
his force must be wiped out or captured.
The former 'result Is terrible to contem
plate: but. although It would require a
few-., days, it would be easy to accom-
P To-day Lord Roberts sent General
Cronje an offer of a. safe conduct for the
women and children, together with a free
pass to any point for. them, and also an
offer of doctors and medicine. Cronje's
reply was- a. curt refusal, and- desultory
shefling was resumed. Artillery shelling
continued during the- early part of " last
night. As soon as 'the 'last gun. was fired
the Shropshlres, who had been occupying
the river bed since Sunday, rushed for
ward, seized an additional 200 yards of
near ground, and entrenched a fresh po
sition before daybreak: ;At dawn Gen
eral V Cronje found himself docked ' that
amount of space. The . Shropshlres had
done excellent work \ under, a galling ¦ lire
since Sunday? and they' were relieved by
the Gordons 1 to-dajv." The exchange 'of po-
sltlons had v its amusing feature*, in .spite
£.1 r the~dahgef. "'"The/ Gordons crawled arr
their stomachs, to- tfeir trenches and the;
Shropshire crept out. of these by actually
reaching over the Gordons.'. - ?>. : <*:?- 1
The scene of the last flve days' fighting
Is one of. the prettiest spots in South A'l!
cii. The .Viyerj |at the point where Gen
eral Crohjels "ensconsed and fighting lor
life resembles some parts of the Hudson
River, the ground all around sloping'to
ward the stream. : ' All v the highlands are
covered by British artillery. Cronje Is
faced in the front and rear from . both
banks- by. the' British, which General
French's horse, far away on the flanks,
prevents a sudden inrush of Boera.
During the artillery: firing last evening
the mules of the Eighty-second Battery,
which had remained hitched to the car
riages, suddenly stampeded and galloped
off en masse, but to-day the wagons, with
one exception, were recovered.
General French has sent In seventy-five
prisoners. A British patrol, eight miles
to the west, discovered thirty Boers wan
dering away and corralled them. Already
this force has captured 460 of the enemy,
while many dead Boers have been' seen.
The Boer prisoners are all depressed at
the present- course of the war and they
comment bitterly upbn General Cronje's
persistence, which they call "murder."
To-day a German ambulance attached
to the Boer forces was allowed to trav
erse the British lines In front of Jacoba
dal.
Quantities of cattle, sheep and trek
oxen have been captured while wandering
from the Boer laager.
ROBERTS HAS TAKEN
FIVE HUNDRED BOERS
LONDON*. Feb. 26, 4:30 a. m.— Perhaps
never before in the course of the present
campaign have such crowds visited the
War Office as went there yesterday. As
the Times remarks to-day, "the dearth of
news Is somewhat trying at a time when
a. considerable success was generally re
garded as imminent."
¦ No diminution of confidence In Lord
Roberts is felt, however, and the public
Is ready to believe that he had good rea
sons for not mentioning General Cronja
in the official dispatches. Probably he Is
in no hurry to end a situation which Is
daily bringing small parti.es of Boers in a
ivaln endeavor to reinforce General Cronje.
These he can deal with in detail.
Lord Roberts haa already captured over
500 Boers, and at this rate he will soon
have quite a respectable array of prison
ers to hold as hostages for the 3000 Brit
ish already In Pretoria.
General Cronje's refusal to arcept the
offer of Lord Roberta regarding .' the
women and children indicates either that
the position is less desperate than has
been supposed or that he has been able
to dig an absolutely safe place for. them.
Everything goes to show that General
Buller's advance Is' most stubbornly .con
tested and most cautiously ,. carried out.'
It is hoped that he will soon be in a po
sition where General White will be able
to assist him materially.
- The campaign Is now approaching a
most Interesting phase. In about a fort
r.igtit the Congress of the Afrikanderbund
will meet, and It Is rumored that. Mr.
HoJTmeier will then propose peace terms
on the basis of the republics retaining ab
solute Independence, but offering to dis
arm. If these terms are rejected. It la
understood, a manifesto will be boldly Is
sued to the Dutch throughout South Af
rica calling upon them to throw oft their
allegiance to Great Britain. Probably
these rumors are exaggerated, but there
Is no doubt that the greatest anxiety pre
vails in Cape Town regarding -coming
events.
Germany, through the semi-official Ber
liner Post, reiterates that all reports- of
German Intervention are quite without
foundation:
Lessons Taught by the War.
' BERLIN, Feb. 25.— 1n German military
circles It Is bolleved ~ that the less«>ri 9
taught by the Boer war will make a larsre
Increase necessary; ln th© German cav
alry, and it will also lead to a thorough
Surrounded and Subjected to a Galling Artillery
Fire, Burghers Charge and Cut
.f. f H Their Way Out.
BOER FORGE'S BOLD DASH
THROUGH FRENCH'S LINES
British Leader Reports the Repulse of
a Commando Sent to the Relief
of the Entrapped Boers— Captain
\ de Montmoreney Killed During a
Reconnaissance Near Sterkstroom.
3STO PROGRESS 0
VOLUME LXXXVH- NO. SS.
PRICB*"".K"iVIi CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY,. FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
ON THE BANKS OF MODDER RIVER.
Lord Kitchener and staff at Paardeberg watching the movements of General Cronje's men.Murder at Star Valley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, Feb. 23.— New* has
reached here of a tragedy at. Star Valley.
John Cross was shot and kJMed by.Wil
liam Dickeman. The men were engaged
In the stock business. . Dickeman escaped
into Nevada-
Suicide at Agnews.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 23.— Early this morn
ing Walter F. Iluyck, a patient at Ag
news Asylum, committed suicide by hang
ing himself in his cell. He tied a sheet
to the window screen, made a noose, in
serted his head and then whirled, around
until he was choked to death. He was
sent from Santa Barbara a week ago.
His age was 40 years and he leaves a
widow and two children.
FIVE PERSONS KILLED
BY MIDNIGHT EXPRESS
Train on the Lehigh Valley Railroad
Nearly Exterminates jan En- "
tire Family.
GENEVA, N. V.. Feb. 25.-The mldnlcht
express on ¦ the Lehlgh Valley Railroad,
struck a carriage containing seven per
sons at Tuttles Crossing last night, In-
Btantly killing five of the occupants, fa
tally injuring another and badly bruising
the other. All were members of one fam
ily. The dead:
MRS. AMY SMITH, aged 4S. .
BERT SMITH, aged 23. •
MISS MIRANDA SMITH, aged 24.
GLEE SMITH, a sed 14.
CATHERINE SMITH, aped 14.
The Injured: Porter Smith, husband of
Mrs. Smith and father of the others;
Gardner Smith, aged 21. . " .
The • bodies of Mrs. Smith and ¦ her
daughter, Miranda, were carried for; a
while on the cowcatcher of the engine.
RIVAL LOVERS
EXCHANGE SHOTS
IN A SALOON
Empty Their Revolvers,
but Neither Is Seriously
Injured.
John Greeny and Bert Flynn At
tempt to Kill One Another Be
cause cf Fickle May
J Hoffman.
SACRAMENTO. Feb.. 25.— John Grerny
and Bert Flynn, two strangers, met in the
Palm saloon on X street, between Second
and Third, at 4 o'clock this morning, and
without a word b*-lng passed drew re
volvers and opened Jir<*. When their
¦weapons were emptied the men walked
out of the place. <-ach leaving a trail of
blood. A few minutes later Greeny ac
cofted a person at Second and X streets,
told him he was shot and dylrg, and
fis-k**d that a physician be sent for. He
was taken to the Receiving Horpilal.
whTP it was found that h<> had received
a wound lti the thigh. Just below the
groin.
Flynn was nrr^st^d a half hour later In
a lo'dginK-hous*. whcr» he was attended
by a woman named May Hoffman, who
¦was the primary cause of the trouble. One
f=hot had struck Flynn in the foot, an
othfr In the leg above the knee and a
third had barked a fingrr.
From the stories told by the parties
concerned, the following: facts were
R-loarifl: Greeny live.] with the Hoffman
woman in Los Angeles until about three
•necks ago. At that time she left Greeny
for Plysn and went with him to Fresno.
Gr^nv followed and Flynn and the
¦worr.r.n went to San Francisco, and sub
sequently came to this city. Greeny fol
iowfil. with the result that the men met
this momins as stated.
Neither man is seriously lr.jured.
It Is tinder Mood that charges of a?.=auH
to murder will be placed against each of
t . hcm - .
AFFLICTED WITH SMALLPOX.
Train Conductor "Walstrum 111 With
the Disease at Truckee.
Fp»e!n! lU*piitch to The Call. ' . ," ! . -
TRrcKKE, Feb. K.-Wh»n Conductor
Ch&Hes \Vn!«-trurr< returned from hi? rail
way run on Thursday he was suffering
from a peculiar eruption of the skin that
h* thought perhaps was smallpox, though
he was not feeling any. s#»vere Hekness.
Dr. Shoemaker was called in and found
the csi>e a. peculiar one.
He waU-hed the symptoms ar.d develop-
Tipnts n:jd yrt-'trniay consulted with an
other physician. They decided th«»t it
was * miid form of smallpox or varloloid.
It sf»ms that on the 6th of this month
Mr. Walßiruni was called to .Salt Lake
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is.; why it lasts so.
as a witness In a suit there, and as small
pox had been quite prevalent there he
may have contracted it.
SKULL CRUSHED ON
A GRANITE CURBING
Street Fight in San Diego Ends in
the Death of One of the • .
' . -Contestants.
?P'dal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 25.— Harry Lynell
ivas arrested this noon at his home, on
.he corner of Columbia and Date streets,
md a charge of murder will be placed
against him in Justice Murdock's court
to-morrow. The cause of the arrest was
the death of Luzerae L. Roberts this
morning at his home at the corner of
Eighteenth and H streets.
Lynell Is an auctioneer, whose place of
»uslness has been on Sixth street, not far
from G street. It is not likely that he will
3e enabled to return to that business for
some time. He has been given to drink
and had been drinking yesterday after
noon just before bt-ing approached by
Roberts, who came to inquire as to a bill
which it is claimed that Lynell owed. A
impute about the bill followed, and blows
resulted. Bystanders separated the com
batants, but they got together again, and
were agarn separated. A third time the
two came together, and then Roberts
went down from a blow on the side of the
rheek. His head went back and as he
fell the back of his head struck on the
side of the granite curbing. Lynell was
nulled away from the fallen man and
Roberts was able to pet up and recah his
home. He did not believe that he was
seriously hurt, though he complained of
his h« j ad hurting him. He went Immedi
ately to bed. but complained of his head,
which got no better, and about midnight
Dr. Hunt was called. Soon afterward
Roberts became unconscious, and re
mained so. Dea..h resulted at a little be
fore it o'clock thjs morning.
The Illness and death had all the appear
ances of a rase of apoplexy, and it is
probable that that would have been the
statement on the certificate, for Roberts
had told nothing of his, meeting with .Ly
nell nor of the difficulty which resulted. '
As soon, however, as the news of the
death was reported on the street, some of
those who- had known of the altercation
lwgan to wonder if there was any. con
nection between the two. The wonder
ment resulted in an investigation and an
autopsy, which showed that the skull had
been crushed badly near the base of the
brain, where the man's head came in con
tact with the curbing.
BIG MEDICINE DANCE
OF YAKIMA INDIANS
Fprlal Diypatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Wash.. Feb. 21— The Yaklma
Indians held a big medicine dance last
week, which lasted seven days. Three
dozen redskins started cut to dance for
a week. The third day they began drop
ping out and continued doing so until only
one remained at the beginning of tho
reventh day. He was a wiry young Ya
kima, nearly 30 years old, and was made
chief tribal medicine man for a term of
three. years.
During this dance, as in times past, the
dancers hacked and cut their flesh with
knives and prongs until blood flowed
freely from numerous wounds. Heavy
leather strings were drawn under the
striprs cut in the flesh. • The dancers
would then pull the strings until the flesh
pulled apart. None are allowed to eat
while dancing, turning the ceremony into
an ordeal of physical suffering of the
most frightful character. Blood flowed
from scores of wounds until the floor of
the dancing lot was turned crimson.
The object of the Indians is to suffer un
til the «vil spirits leave their body, mak
ing them pure and meok. To them this
dance is deeply religious, and every part
of the rlto Is carried out with great ex
actness. A small civilized portion of the
tribe refused to have any part In the
?-vent. On the othrr hand, among the
dancers were three young sub-chiefs who
were educated in Indian schools in the
East and Oregon, and who on returning
have discarded civilisation for blankets
and tribal customs.
Mules for the British.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 25.— Four
hundred mules were shipped to-day for
New Orleans for use by the British In
South Africa. They were bought by Cap
tain Smith of the British army, and were
Inspected by him last week.
MANY PERSONS
INJURED AT A
CONFLAGRATION
Six Warehouses Consumed
by a Blaze in a Suburb
• of Paris.
Flaming Alcohol and Oil Cause Ex
plosions That Kssult in a
Loss of 2,000,000
Francs.
PARIS, Feb. 25.— As the result of a fire
that broke out* this morning at St. Quen,
a suburb of Paris, in a collection of alco
hol and oil stores, a series of explosions
occurred, spreading the llames until a
block of six immense warehouse was in
volved in a huge conflagration.
A' great concourse of spectators had as
sembled and had approached too near,
when suddenly the explosion occurred. A
large number of persons, including some
firemen, were more or less injured. The.
last explosion occurred at 6 o'clock this
afternoon, when it was thought that
much danger had been averted. Thirty
persons were injured by flying debris.
The official computation shows that 150
were hurt and quite a number seriously.
The fire broke out at 8 o'clock, from
some cause as yet unknown, and had ob
iainefl .avllrm hold before, It was discov
ered.' it progressed y,;lth'^ut exciting In
cidents during the hioYnirig. and at 1
o'clock had been got under control. At 4
o'clock, however.- the falling walls per
mitted the flames to reach a number of
alcohol vats, and then the explosions be
gan to take, place.
The block of- warehouses was almost
surrounded by unoccupied ground, over
which the burning alcohol spread when
the buildings collapsed, resembling a sea
of flames End causing consternation
throughout the district. People in the
dwellings near by began hastily remov
ing their furniture. The suffocating heat
and fumes seriously hampered the work
of the tire brigade. A number of engines
were sent from Paris to assist. The fire
men worked fearlessly: and more than
once were precipitated to the ground by
falling roofs and walls.
A detachment of soldiers aided the fire
men In emptying the adjacent houses of
furniture, and the ambulances were busy
In carrying victims to the neighboring
hospitals. .
Fortunately the flames did not reach
the immense reservoirs of pertroleum.
The loss is estimated at 2,000,000 francs.
dlft'erenc3s which have arisen on the Re-
publican side of the chamber. It had been
arranged that the debate should proceed
Monday night, but this must give way to
the Republican conference in the hall of
the House at 8 p. m.,- when a final effort
will be made to reconcile* differences and
agree upon a compromise bill.
The Alabama contested ''election case of
Aldrich against Robblns will* be consid
ered as soon as the Porto Rlcan bill is out
of the way. The army appropriation bill
will receive consideration the latter part
of the week/ Owing -to the extent of the
military afiairs in the Philippines tho ap
propriations this year are exceptionally
heavy and this may bring on a general
discussion of army affairs and the Philip
pines.
It is not likely that the Hawaiian bill
or the Nicaraguan canal bill will bt taken
up this week.
Currency Bill in Senate.
'*• Senator Aldrich has given notice that
he will make a speech In the Senate in ex
planation of the currency bill agreement
oiv Wednesday, and that he will call it up
the next day (Thursday) and then ask
final action upon it. The request of course
will lead to, a spirited contest. The mat
ter may be before the Senate for several
days. .'¦ ;, ¦ v
There will be several . speeches during
the week, on the Quay resolution, and
there is a probability" of reaching a vote
on it the latter part of the week. Sena
tor Chandler will probably speak for Quay
Monday and Senator Turley In opposition.
Later In the week - Senators Hoar and
Penrose will talk for. Quay and Senator
Burrows in opposition.* 1 After these, only
short speeches v/ill be heard. Senator
Penrose counts upon a vote late in the
week and says he expects a larger vote
than was cast in Quay's favor in takin;?
the 'resolution up.
When the Hawaiian bill, which remains
the unfinished business. Is voted upon, the
Porto Rican bill will be taken up. Sena
tor Depew on Tuesday will speak on the
problems connected with the Philippine
Islands.
REPUBLICANS FAIL
TO REACH AGREEMENT
Representatives Will Continue Their
Efforts, However, to Unite on
the Porto Rican Bill.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— The efforts to
unite the Republicans of the House on a
Porto Riean bill have failed, and at mid
night, after prolonged conferences. It was
stated that matters were substantially
where they were yesterday. Other efforts
at harmony may be adopted to-morrow.
A long conference was held to-nisrht at
the residence of Representative McCall
of Massachusetts between the committee
appointed at the Republican' conference
last night, representing the Republicans
in favor of the ponding Porto Rlcan tariff
bill, and a committee agreed upon to-day
by those Republicans who are opposed to
the measure. It was stated after the
conference, by members opposed to the
bill, that substantially ¦ no progress ''has
been made and that there was no proba
bility of another gathering ' before the
conference of Republicans called for'to
morrow night. From their statements it
was evident that they Intended to main
tain the position they have held all along
—that under the constitution the Govern
ment has no right to tax the products of
territory under the control of the United
States.
THE FREE STATE BATTLEFIELD.
[From a British War Office Map.]
THIS MAP OF THE MODDER RIVER COUNTRY, BETWEEN KIMBERLEY AND BLOEMFONTEIN. SHOTV S
PAARDEBERG. KOODOESRAND AND OTHER POINTS INVOLVED IN THE MOVEMENTS OF THE BOER AND
BRITISH FORCES WITH THE POSITION. OF EACH COMMAND AS TOLD IN THE RECENT DISPATCHES.
GENERAL CRONJE'S POSITION IN THE MODDER RIVER NORTH OF PAARDEBERG. WITH THOSE OF THE
SEVERAL BRITISH DIVISIONS SURROUNDING HIM. IS SHOWN ACCORDING TO THE DISPATCHES FROM
LONDON WHILE HIS REPORTED NEW .POSITION SOUTH OF PAARDEBERG, WITH THOSE OF THE SEV
ERAL BOER COMMANDOS WHICH HAVE'HASTENED TO HIS AID. IS APPROXIMATED AS NEARLY AS POS
SIBLE FROM THE DISPATCHES FROM PRETORIA. AS FAR AS KNOWN, THERE HAS BEEN NO CHANGE IN
POSITION SINCE FRIDAY NOON. ,
HOUSE WILL
VOTE ON PORTO
RICAN BILL
Tuesday at 3 P. M. Is the
Time Set for the -
Balloting.
Republicans Will Seek to Settle Their
Differences and Effect a Com- '•¦
promise Before That
Time.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— The event
the week will be the taking of the vote 'on
the Porto R'can tariff bill. This has been
set for 3 p. m. on Tuesday, although % :he
differences which have arisen on the bill
may compel a rearrangement of the .prq
gramme. The general debate ,on' the
measure-will close on Monday, and. on
Tuesday, up to the hour of voting, the de
bate will proceed under the flve-miniTte
rule. Extraordinary interest attaches to
the outcome of this struggle, owin>; to the
Special Dispatch to The Cali. T
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Science plus courage Is reviving the life, strength i
and power of motion In the paralyzed body of Walter B. Duryea. who ha»
been lying helpless on his back with a broken neck In Roosevelt Hospital
for more than six months. Ho sat upright for the first time to-day, and was
able to propel himself about the room in his Invalid chair. Despite the
statements of specialists that a man like Duryea with his neck broken at ,
the fifth vertebra could not live, he has gained sixty-five pounds since h#
submitted to the surgeon's knife, and Is now within twenty pounds of hia
normal weight. He enjoys champagne dinners In his suite of rooms In Roose
velt Hospital, and, to increase his appetite, dally exercises the mu3cles of
his arms. Only his lower limbs and certain motions of his fingers are now ,
uncontrolled by his will power.
SCULLY HAS
DESERTED HIS
WEALTHY WIFE
REPUBLICANS
ORGANIZE FOR
FALL CAMPAIGN
End of Romantic Elopement
of an Heiress and a
Coachman.
Another Woman Is Said to Figure in
the Case and the Husband Is
Believed' to Be in the
Special Dispatch to Tte CalU
• .' .
BOSTON, Feb. 25.— Philip Scully, once a
coachman for the Barnard family, and
later the husband of the heiress of. the
family, Jessie Amelia Barnard Scully of
Fall River, has. It is alleged, deserted a
young, cultured and pretty wife, and on*
who has a fortune of more than $150,000
in her own right, and. It is alleged, that
a woman unknown to Mrs. Scully figures
In the case of his going away. Mrs. Scully
Is now suing for a decree which will, if
granted, give her the right to live apart
from her husband for justifiable cause.
The petitioner, through her counsel, has
asked for the custody of her three chil
dren, and If her prayers to the probate
court are granted, it is thought that she
will ask for an absolute divorce.
This is the end of a romance which set
Fall River by the ears ten years ago; It
Is the culmination of a runaway marriage.
Philip Scully Is supposed to be In the
West and as long as he stays away there
will be no intent exhibited to put him
within the pale of the law, but if rre
should come back, according to the. state
ment of a friend of the family, he may
have to answer to a charge which Is at
present kept secret. If society In Fall
River was shocked at the famous run
away match, it was shocked again yester
day to an equal: degree by the knowledge
that legal proceedings would again bring
the family romance before the courts.
Vigorous Work Being Done
in Second Congressional
District.
Many Clubs Formed and th«.la«Q".
bers Pledged to Help Secure
tha Renomination of
McKlnley, gjfi
Special Dispatch to Th« CaTL
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 25.— The Republi
can campaign of 1900 has begun In earaesc
in the Second Congressional District, and.
the different clubs organized to date num*
fcer some 600 active members.
The clubs are pledged to work for th<»
renomination of President McKlnley and,
to secure hi 3 election for another term.
The following 1 clubs have been organ
ized, the names of the officers belrss
given:
Angels Camp— Frank Douglas, president: P.
A. Esran, secretary.
San Andreas— lra Hill Reed, president; A. L.
TVyllle. vice president; W. S. Coulter, •ecre
tary.
gutter Creek — Jack3on Dennis, president; J.
R. Tregloan. vice president; D. B. Calkins, sec
retary-
Jackson— Dr. C, A. Herrtck. president; James
E. Dye, secretary.
lone— Charles H. McKenney, president:
George E. Waddell.' rice president: Frank Dun
lap, secretary.
tx>dl— Dr. J. M. Blodgett. president; Charles
M. Ferdun, vice president; J. D. Huffman, sec
retary. - •
Nevada City — D. E. Morgan, president; F. J.
Arbcgast. vice president; I. C. Llndley. secre
tary.
Grass Valley— C. E. Clinch, president: John
Olasson, vice president: A. U. Fisher, secretary.
Auburn— John M. Fulweller. president: E. P.
Tuttle, vice president: J. A. Fredom. secretary;
Jason C. Smith, treasurer. . . ¦
LOSSES OF THE BOERS
MUST BE APPALLING
Cronje's Position Almost Continuously
Bombarded by the Artillery
of the British. ¦
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company.
LONDON. Feb. 26.— The silence which
has been maintained in ofTlc!al quar
tfrs for several days concerning the
o;.eratlo::s of Lord Roberts' forces ;
around I'aardcberg was broken yes- I
terday by the publication of -a d!**- j
•?atrh from the commamier-in-'-hief re- ;
poii irp 'he repulse of a Boer commando, j
which came from Natal, causing the en- j
crr.y heavy loss.
General Cronje, op to* Saturday, vr.is
continuing: his dopged resistance and had I
rot surrendered his position, which is now .
dominated on all std.s by British .-.rtil- ,
]cry- The spare at his command was eon- !
f iderably reduced by a forward rush of ;
the Shropshire* on Wednesday. Seem- j
Jnjflv !i!s position :s being almost contin- |
•jotisly bombarded and his losses are re- >
rortr-d to be very heavy. He may succeed j
in holding out for many days longer, but i
vt-ry heavy reinforcements cmc j
m Ms ai<i, which doe* not prom orobab'e. ;
hl« fate pcems to 1 c sealed.
General Buller U flowly continuing his j
advance toward Ladysmith. II. • is stnted ,
by seme trlegrnms to be near P«eter». *lx :
jrjl!e« north of OoVrso. but another dis- ;
;>atch has been received, dat.d at Nel- (
thorp<\ which i? eight mUr* r.orth of]
Polrnso and only four miles from Caesars :
Camp. th<> most southern position held by J
ihe defender? of I.a.lysmith. Fighting (
perms tn have proceeded sine? last ;
"Wednesday. It is clear that the Boers arc ;
Ftiil In force in Natul. and that only de- !
•achments have left to assist Cronje. En- >
counters have been severe and heavy ra«- j
•.:a!ties have been sustained by the British j
Troop?.
Despite the overwhelming interest in j
ihe events on the BXodder a:id Tugela. th^ ,
killing in battle near Sterkstroom of Cap- j
tain <ie Montmorency and LJeutenant I
t'olonel Hoskier calls attention to the fact >
that operations are still proceeding hi
Cape Colony. Lieutenant lloskier is th>; |
first volunteer officer of his rank who has j
been killed during; the war." He command- j
ed the Third Middlesex Volunteers. Cap- j
tain de Montmorency was son and heir of ,
I,"'il Frankfort de Montmorency. a Cri- j
mean. Tndian mutiny and Egyptian vet- i
rran. The young man won the Victoria j
rrofs by his bravery In th« famous charge j
cf the Twenty-first Lanciers at Omdur- i
man. He is the fourth heir to the peerage, j
who has fallen since the outbreak of hos- !
Ullties. ¦¦ • ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -
Rumor* of the same character which no ;
Sunday has failed to produce since the
outbreak of the war were circulated las;
evening. One was' a revived report that
Cronje had surrendered. Another said ;
I^adyFmith was relieved. Considerable i
numbers of people congregated at the |
War Office in' the hope of receiving con- :
P.rmatlon of these reports, but none was I
forth co miner, and down to a late hour thio !
morning there was no further informa- !
No word with regard to the condition ]
of the wou.ided generals has been re- j
ceived. Tluse are now four in number— j
Macdonald. Knox. Woodpate and Wynne, j
To-day !s the anniversary of the battle j
of Majuba Hill, which tocjgan on the night j
of February 26. liSl. and t nded in th« sur- 1
render of Colley's force on the following
day.
GREAT BRITAIN'S ABUSE
OF RIGHT TO SEARCH
LONDON. Feb. 26— The Standard, re
ferring editorially to the cabled extracts
fmm the speech Saturday of Captain
Mahan on sea power, says:
Fea i>ovrer. h"»fvw, requires to be employed
with caution and forbearance. We have not
b»en aSti'irriher happy In our attempts to avail
nurse! ye« of the right to search. V>rd Salis
bury has closed the £ablrie incident by a frank
expression of regret to Mr. Choate.
Thus the affair of the Bund«-srath is repeated.
It Is not jartleularly agreeable to have had
(o confers t.> two treat powers in the course
of a f-*«- we»k« that we have put ourselves tn
the >vr<ni* and mu»t make reparation. Grave
responsibility attaches to those diplomatic and
ror.yular scents who have so sri^vously misled
th<» Foreign Office and placed the country in
i humiliating and undlßlnfled position.
.. . ? —
BOERS TRY TO BREAK
THROUGH TO CRONJE
PAARDEBKRG. Saturday, Feb. 24.— Yes
terday there was a most interesting series
of fights along the British front. One
thoufand Boers, commanded by General
de Wet. who were known to be operating
in the immediate front, at early dawn
yesterday determined to attempt to break
through the British lines and aid General
Cronje. A body of live hundred Boers
mnvpil toward the". British left and can
ten-d in the direction of a kopje with the
object of occupying It. Unfortunately for
the Boers, however, the kopje was held
by a company of Scottish borderers, who
opened a heavy lire. The Boers "galloped
off. but moved aguin toward another Brit
ish position, with exactly the same result.
Then they made a third attempt to oc
rupy another position, but the borderers
wore apain ready to receive them.
The third Tcpulse thoroughly discon
certed the B<wrs. who galloped away in
a panic. Lat^r perceiving another kopje
the Boers moved quickly toward it. This
kopje was unoccupied, but the borderers,
not to be beaten, raced the Boers for the
position and' won. occupying- the - kopje
and driving off the Boers. A portion of
the latter ultimately occupied a kopje
flanked partially by the borderers and
facing another kopje held by the York
shires. A vigorous fullisade ensued, the
British firing truly and accurately and
succeeding in silencing the Boer tire.
Meanwhile the Buffs were ordered to re
inforce the Yorkshires in case the Boers
should be reinforced. The British attack
worked around to the right of the kopje
held by the Yorkshires, where the
Seventh Battery was stationed, the Sixty-
Rpcond Battery being placed at a farm
near the center of the borderers' position.
A vigorous shelling, accompanied by a
British fusillade, completely silenced the
Boers. A company of Yorkshires were
sent to clear out the Boers, but the at
tempt failed, the Boers opening a heavy
lire, and the British having no cover.
The British then again opened a heavy
rifle fire, which again silenced the Boers.
The Boer? made -several attempts to run,
but the Maxims opened upon them effect
ually and checked them. The Buffs now
worked carefully and cautiously around
nnd set within 150 yards of the Boers.
Kifchty Boers surrendered, but many, it
appear.', escaped. . • .
To Cure, a Cold in One Day
J«Ve- Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets: AH
dnjgirJsts refund the money If It falls to cure.
E- W. .Grove a signature Is on each box. 25c
Dear: I don't suppose I can see you to-day
Let me go awar. I can stand It" no longer.
1 will ko to the woods and writ* you any place
you say. I am going to try and have courage.
Tou may forget me in a short time or prob
ably you may want me to come to you Rest
assured when, you say the word I will come.
Stx month* or a year would make no difference
to me. I lore you with all my heart a;id soul.
Be courageous, for your own dear health. If
I knew you were well and happy I .would be
weir and happy.. Everything else you already
know. Yours .lovingly. .
Three Hundred of General Torres'
Soldiers Fall Before Bullets
of the Yapis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POTAM, Sonora, Mex.. Feb . 25.— Another big battle has been fought by
Mexican regulars and Yaqui Indians. The battle, raged all day Friday.
The loss on the Mexican side was 300 killed ' and wounded. Among the
dead was Gcronimo Ascarate of El Paso, Tex. '
The Yaqui forces, 4000 strong, descended from mountain strongholds with the
Intention of assaulting Guaymas. General Torres was Informed in advance of the
Intention of the hostiles by Geronimo Ascarate. who was in the employ of the
Mexican Government at Casa Grandes, Mex., not far from the seat of the
Yaqui Government at Habispe. Ascarate was sent to convey the news to
Torres and participate in the battle.
General Torres concentrated his forces, numbering 6000 men, at Potam on
Thursday, and divided them equally. One division was sent up the river with the
gunboat Democrata. The other was swung to the northeast for the purpose of
flanking the enemy. Thirteen miles from Potam River the force, which was
commanded by Torres personally, encountered the Indians, well fortified. The
soldiers assaulted the works and the gunboat threw shells from the river.
The Indians had procured a Maxim gun from the United States, which is sup
posed to have been smuggled in with mining machinery, and this was used to
good advantage. The Mexicans were repulsed In disorder, and the Indians
swept the decks of the Democrata at long range, wreaking havoc. The gun was
well handled, and It is said was In charge of American gunners.
Many Mexicans on the Democrata were killed. Others jumped Into the river
and were drowned. The Democrata' was seriously disabled during the action
and quit the fight, floating down the stream.
After being repulsed the Mexican forces re-formed five miles away and re
newed the attack. The chances : of victory were in favor of the Yaquls, -when
the second division swept down from the north on the position occupied by the
•Indians. The Yaquis made a. brave stand for several hours, but seeing resistance
useless retreated up the river, taking their wounded. with them.
.Seventy-three dead warriors were found after. the Indians retreated. -
MEXICANS REPULSED IN
A DESPERATE BATTLE
CHURCH ATTENDANCE
HAS LARGELY FALLEN OFF
CHICAGO, Feb. 23.— President Charles
W. Kliot of Harvard University told the
students of the University of Chicago to
day that many perplexing questions about
religious fundamentals had been pro
pounded of late to Harvard University
preachers; that this desire to be Informed
was typical of the age: that church at
tendance all over America had fallen off
noticeably, but that men were retaining
the original principles taught by William
ElWy Charming.
"I know of no denomination except the
Roman Catholics which has not experi
enced availing off in attendance," said he.
L* Clearance
I SALE
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
LADIES' SOUTHERN* TlES— Small tlses, I^-4.
AAA to B. formerly »2.50 750
LADIES' KID OXFORDS— Sizes 2-4' i. AAA M
B. formerly J2.50 #t.OO
LADIES' SUEDE KID OXFORDS-In Black.
Tan. Nile Green and Lavender, nearly all
elzes. formerly $8 .1*1.50
LADIES' COLORED SATIN SLIPPEK3~
Pointed toes, all shades, all sizes, formerly
13.C0 ...*t.T»O
GENTS' FRENCH CALF CORK SOLE. Hand-
sewed Lace Shoes, nearly all sizes. $•» and iX
grades *3.60. 94.1.-»
GENTS' PATENT LEATHER. Lace or Con-
jrress. be S t makes, formerly $5. »lzes sto «'«,.
A. B. C #I.SO
GENTS' DOUBLE SOLE CALF Lace Srw.
Calf lined, pointed to***, sizes 9 to U. A.B. C. r>
........................ .*••¦ i*i£.^;"»
GENTS' PATENT LEATHEH. Hands»weJ
I>ace Shoes. Globe toe. all sizes, formerly
17.01) ...?3.50
GENTS' BICrCLK SHOES— Lace, in Black or
Tan. broken sizes, formerly $3.00 $2.00
MISSES* PATENT LEATHER Button Shew*.
French toes. kid. black cloth or tan cloth
tops, sizes 11 to 2, formerly 11.00 J)so
MISSES" ALL KIP OR C.OATSKIN Button
Shoes, French tops, sixes 11 to Z, former!
$2.50 ••••¦ O3c
BOYS' AND YOUTHS' PATENT LEATHEJi
LACE AND BUTTON SHOES— Broken sUes.
formerly *3.00 and »4.00 * 1.00
INFANTS' CLOTH OR KID TOP. Patent
Leather Tip. Button Sho^s. a few odd sizoa.
formerly $1.00. while they last r.oc
Goods strictly as advertised.
Lots of Bargains. See prices
In window.
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAY FIND THE ORIGIN
OF CAPE NOME GOLD
Miners Will Prospect Below. the IjOW
' - ' Water Mark as Soon as ' :' '
¦ : * Possible. - ¦ ¦ ? {
SEATTLE. Wash., Feb. 25.— Newspapers
and private letters dated December 9. re
ceived here from Cape Nome, via Daw
son, yesterday, say that considerable
prospecting was to be carried on this win
ter. Many miners have an idea that at
and below low water mark ¦ the richest
sands will be found. Therefore, as soon
as the ice Is solidly frozen to the bottom
of the shore, they- were to begin pros
pecting and solve a much vexed question
as to the origin of the gold in the beach
sands. Prospecting In the tundra war
rants the belief that it is impregnated
with gold much in the same manner aa
the beach. ,\ ¦ . / -V ,- ~ v
Tundra prospecting, the advices say,
had not been carried on extensively ow-
ing "to the difficulty, encountered In sink
ing to bedrock on account of water. The
ground is found frozen to an unknown
depth, the same as in the Klondike, and
if it should prove rich, an area of coun
try will be developed that will be greater
than a score of Klondike** rolled Into one.
Anvil Creek Is the El Dorado .of West
ern Alaska. Claim No. 1 below has thus
far proven to be the banner claim and
is owned by Japhet Linaerburg. The out
put has been enormous, when it Is con
sidered that it was worked but six weeks.
From this claim $117,000 was cleaned up,
while Discovery yielded $58,000 in three
weeks. No. 2 above, $00,000; No. 4. $SO.
($0; No. 5, $40,000; No. t> was worked, but
the- pay streak was not located. No. 7,
owned by Dr. Klttelsen. produced about
$30,000; No. 8, belonging to .Price and Lane,
$192 000; No. 9. belonging to the Swedish
Mission, $63,000; Nos. 10 and 11. owned by
C. D. Lane, were worked on lays, and the
Laplanders who worked them got for
their share $50,000 clear money.
t •
DR. HAYES SPEAKS OF THE
MURDER OF HIS WIFE
Evidence Adduced That Proves the
Crime Was Committed Owing
- to Caldwell's Infatuation.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— T0-day some
light Was thrown upon the murder of
Mrs. Maude Hayes by Dentist Franklin
L. Caldwell, when Dr. Hayes consented to
speak concerning the tragedy. Dr. Haye3
at first refused to discuss the case, but
when he felt his silence might be taken as
a reflection upon his wife's memory, he
made the following statement:
"1 never had tne least suspicion that
anything was wrong between my wife
and Dr. Caldwell, and I still believe that
the only thing wrong was his insane in
fatuation for her. I, have learned, how
ever, that he persuaded her to take drugs
that, had undermined her mental and
physical strength. 1 decided that some
thing ihad to be done, and knew that af
fairs had reached a crisis when the bot
tle of morphine was delivered last night.
•I am now sure that a more noble woman
than my wife never lived.
"For two weeks I have been observing
a change in my- wife. - Following my re
turn from Chicago two weeks ago last
Thursday. I saw that' she was greatly
changed, at times seeming to be only
semi-conscious. I believed her to be un
der the influence of drugs, and, in this I
was corroborated by a physician whom
1 called in. We had arranged to send her
away to-day."
Three letters were found to-day In the
Hayes apartments, two of them written
from Chicago by Mrs. Hayes to Dr. Cald
well. They contain only the most ordi
nary expressions of friendship. The third
letter, which was found in Mrs. Huyes'
desk, was undated and unsigned but had
been written by Dr. Caldwell. It was as
follows:
Quarterly Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. r3.— Rev. Dr.
Weatwood T\'..Case,,presiding elder of tht*
San Francisco' district of the CaJfrornfa
Conference. 'came tor Poctflc Grove Friday
evening to hold the regular" quarterly
conference of tb» M. E. Church In this
place. The official boards and other
church officers met the pastor. Dr. "W. C.
Gray, and Dr. Case and conferred upon
the church's past work and future plans.
The church was shown to be in a very
prosperous condition.
GRACE ALLISON
RELEASED FROM
SAN QUENTIN
Leaves the Institution With
Her Partner in
€rime.
Was Convicted Two Years Ago of
Swindling Dr. Allison by the
Matrimonial Agency
»_
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAX QUENTIN PRISt>N, Feb. 25.— Mrs.
Grace Allison, who was also known as
Qulnn, Smith or Collins, passed out of
the prison gates this morning a free wo
man. A few moments later Isaac Bain,
her partner in the gold-brick business,
joined his talented accomplice and arm
in arm they walked to the waiting stage
and together the train bore them toward
San Francisco. Fifteen months' impris
onment has wrought a' change in the wo
man of the aliases, and she is a much
more subdued looking character than the
Mrs. Grace Allison who took the stand In
Judge de Haven's court two years ago
and told the tale of man's weakness and
woman's wiles which led to her incarcera
tion. . "
Grace Allison, as she is entered on the
prison books, Ida Qulnn, Smith and Col
lins, as she; called herself at; different
times of her viirit'd and adventurous ca
reer, was sent to the penitentiary in com
pany with Isaac Bain, her manager, be
cause Dr. Andrew Alexander Allison, who
hailed from Temple, Tex., loved the fair
widow not wisely but too well. .-..,..
Bain and the Allison woman had a par
tiality for "living easy," and Dr. 'Allison
offered himself as a means to that end.
Bain conducted a matrimonial paper and
Mrs. Allison figured in its columns as
"Mrs. Grace Collins, young and domes
tic." with the added attraction of possess
inK $35,000 and a desire to spend it on "a
middlo-aged man of prepossessing appear
ance." Bain's bait was taken by Dr. Alli
son, and in March. IMS. the doctor met
his namesake. Time passed away and the
ardent medico and his inamorata had set
the day for the union.
In April Allison returned to Temple, but
in his case out of sight was not out of
mind, for the malls between Temple and
San Francisco dally conveyed packages
to the latter place, all addressed to Mrs.
Collins. Nor. when the fountain showed
signs of drying was the wiuow coy of re
minding Allison that a new silk, dress
would prove acceptable, or that diamonds
and sealskins formed an. elegant and
fashionable combination. After about
$2000 had been expended In this way, the
doctor "smelled.a rat." He returned to
San Francisco and discovered the decep
tion which had been practiced on him.
Mrs. Allison and her partner were ar
rested and their sojourn in San Quentin
was the result. .
MAN WITH BROKEN NECK
DEFIES ALL PRECEDENT
Walter B. Duryea Recovers, Despite
the Adverse Prophecies of
Specialists.
¦ - ¦''.--¦¦¦ *¦¦•¦-¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦'••¦¦-¦- W: ¦; ¦¦.;.;¦¦¦¦¦•:.¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ -¦..¦;.;¦¦-¦• __ . __ _.^. _ <nAA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARI 26, 1900.
P ? r<f . !y ,, r 'S« taWe . "lid and reliable. C*ust
SSSSkI^SSSSSSi,:"- 1^ "^Ptioa an*
i u*r "r^T °i-!!i ! iIKTAtn of «« Stomach.
,"_, owel9< fc.ldn*y». Bladder. F#raaU Ir'
r^n U J?£ me 9«, S1< * "e^eh*. Btllouaness. Con-
tilpattcvn PUm and all derangements of. tb«
Internal \ Iscera. 53c a box. At Dru S *!sts. o»
ty mall. RADWAT & CO.. NeVvYoii
2THE LATE CALVIN F. FARGO.
LARSEN'S SAD MISHAP.
With His Baby in His Anns He Fell
in the Water.
Oscar Larsen a longshoreman, and his
wife, Delia, took their infant child out to
the Presidio yesterday afternoon to get
the* fresh air, and while the wife and baby
were romping on the grass, Oscar dropped
into a near by saloon to get a refreshing
glass of beer. He remained there too long,
and by the time Mrs. Larsen- was ready
to go home Oscar was the proud posses
sor of a beautifully mellow "jag." -'
It was quite dark, and on the way home
the party tried to cross a swamp on the
Fair property. Oscartwas walking across
a plank over a deep part of the swamp,
with the . baby In his arms, when he
slipped and fell into the water. Police
men Scott and Rooker fished the unfortu
nate longshoreman and* the baby out and
sent the trio to the City Prison, where
Larsen was booked for drunk.
KILLED AT A FIRE.
Fireman Crushed to Death by Falling
Smokestack.
DETROIT. Mich., Feb. 25.— Fire to
night in the plant of the Detroit Steel
Works destroyed both the company's roll
ing mills, causing a loss of $100,000; fully
insured. Fireman Timothy Keohane was
crushed by a falling stack and killed. A
hospital ambulance running to the scene
collided with a swiftly running electric
car. The ambulance was smashed to
pieces and Its occupants, driver Frank
Bertheaur and Dr. J. T. McKittrick, were
badly bruised and shocked.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEATH ENDS THE
ACTIVE CAREER
OF C. F. FARGO
.
EDgaged Over Thirty Years
in Mercantile Lines of
Business.
Came to This State in the Pioneer
Days and Steadily Made
His Way to For
tune.
?
Calvin F. Fargo died yesterday at the
Pacific Union Club, the cause being a cold
which he caught while out driving one
wrrk ago Saturday. He was confined to
his bed only a few days. He had not
been in robust health during the past two
years, not having recovered fully f^cne
an attack of the grip. Mr. Fargo was
formerly engaged actively in business, but
he retired with a competency in 1&70, since
which time he traveled extensively
in Europe for a period of twelve years.
Returning to this city, he went to reside
at the Union Pacific Club.
He was born in Batavia. N. V., January
20. 18i;>. When he was 15 years old he had
entire charge of a store. He went to New
York City and served as a clerk for i
period. Then he located in Batavia. and
afterward removed to Columbus, Wis.,
wnere he took his brother, J. B. Fargo,
into partnership. In 18i9 his health failed
and h* was advised by his physician. Dr.
Goodale. that his only chance to recover
was in a long sea voyage. He persuaded
Dr. Goodale to come with him to Califot
nia. His health returned on the passage,
which took nine months, and he arrived
in San Francisco October 23, 1849, accom
panied by Dr. Goodale and several friends
from Wisconsin, who had joined his party.
As a proof of his indomitable will, it la
related that, bleeding at the lungs, he
was carried on a bed a distance of sev
enty-five miles to reach New Orleans.
His first venture In California was in
the mines. He had a capital of about
$2fXK), and this sum was Invested in goods
wi.ich were cold to the miners. In two
years he had accumulated $10,000, and this
was the basis of his fortune. He engaged
In the wholesale liquor business, having
as clerks Messrs. Wilmerding and Kel
logg, whom he afterward took in as part
ners and to whom he sold his interest in
1870. His brother. D. W. Fargo, is the
only surviving member of his own family.
Three nieces survive — Mrs. J. V. Fish of
this city. Mrs. L. J. Rose Jr. of Los An
gelee. Mrs. George T. Stewart of New
York and Mrs. Robert Bonestell of San
Mateo.
Broke a Plate-Glass Window.
Edward Lydon. a crank, was arrested
yesterday at Third and Market streets
F.'id charged at the California-street po
:io*- station with malicious mischief.
Shortly before noon he appeared in front
<- f the" Claus Snreckel? building, and be
fr.re pny one Vould divine his purpose
hurled a' stone through a plate glass win
ccw. He was considerably under the in
fluence of liquor when placed under ar
rest. '
List of Heaviest Losers.
The loss will approximate $25,000. The
hotel was conducted by Mrs. Gilleran, for
merly of the Windsor Hotel. She has not
a cent of insurance on her property. She
will lose about $6000, most of the furnish
ings of the house, where lire did not
reach them, having been damaged by
water. The owner of the building will
lose J2OOO. Mrs. J. J. O'Connor is the
heaviest loser. The property destroyed in
her apartments could not be replaced
with $15,000. Amonp her oossesslon.s were
many famous paintings. Other guests will
lose about $4000.
Among the inmates of the house was
Senator Morehouse and his family. Sena
tor Morehouse did heroic work in assist
ing panic-stricken people to safety. G.
Clayton, another guest, who attempted to
ent<»r the room from which Mrs. Greeg
was about to jump to h*>r death, was
overcome by smoke. He was rescued by
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Death of A. O. Redway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, Feb. 25.— A. G. Redway,
a retired banker. ; died \ last' night at the
age of 65. He Was well known :on the
coast, having been a forty-niner in Cali
fornia. IMBHHh ' i
Wing Shot Called by Death.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— George Work,
the club man and pigeon shot, died to-day
at Doves-platz, Switzerland, of consump
tion, aged 42 years. •< His reputation as a
wing shot was international. He .was
greatly interested also in yachting, being
the owner of the sloop Katrlna.
Hit Clancy With a Lump of Coal.
J. G. Clancy, a blacksmith.' was treated
at the Receiving Hospital last night for
a deep gash over his right eye. Clancy
was arguing the Boer question with a
crowd in a saloon at the corner of Eighth
and Folsom streets, and somebody who
objected to his remarks hit him with a
lump of coal. He refused to give his as
sailant's name. >v !3fVVHfIHHHMHBi
The Funeral of Miss Winchester.
The funeral of Miss Julia Winchester
took place yesterday afternoon at the res
idence, 942 Sutter street, after which the
body was taken for cremation to the cre
matory at the cemetery of the Indepen
dent Order of Odd Fellows. The services
at' the house were conducted by Dr. and
Mrs. J. F. Fluno of Oakland, and at the
chapel by Miss Bradshaw and Mr. F. W.
Gale of this city. The pallbearers wero
Frank W. Gale. W. T. Kilgrove. T. H.
Lord, George F. Lyon. A. C. Helneken,
H. A. Saxe, J. W. Russell and J. Mo-
Naught.
Miss Winchester, a native of New York,
was educated in Germany and her mind,
naturally of a high order, was trained to
the finest uses not only by books and
schools but by her whole experience in
life. She was animated by- an all com
prehending sympathy, and her work while
gentle and modest was not without its
far-reaching influences, so that it affected
not only individual lives but the larger
issues of the community. •,/•
In this city her work was particularly
notable and will be long remembered. She
was one of the charter members of the
First Church of Christ, Scientist, and was
ever among the most active and zealous
of its supporters. By reason of, her self
sacrificing labors, her untiring energy and
the vitalizing influences emanating from
her fine spirit, she carried help to many. a
home and joy to many a heart where her
name and her deeds will long be cherished
with grateful memory.
MUSICAL EVENT OF
IMPORTANCE IS PROMISED
The coming of Walter Damrosch, Mme.
Gadskh and Mr. Blspham in Wagnerian
recitals is an event of extraordinary im
portance. These artists are pre-eminent
as interpreters of the great German com
poser, and may be expected to afford the
tnu.«ic-loving public with authoritative
renderings of the more important music
of the great master.
Mr. Damrosch will give six "explana
tory recitals" with piano in the forenoon
nt Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall, beginning
March 5, and at the California Theater a
series of six concerts will be given, in
which Mme. Gadskl and Mr. . Bispham
will be heard.
The first of these will take place Tues
day afternoon, March 6. at 2:15 o'clock.
Each concert will be devoted to one of
the Waimerian operas, the first being
"Tannhauser." Mr. Damrosch'n recitals,
which promise great interest, will cover
the "Mbelungen Tetralogy," "Parsifal"
and "Tristan and Isolde." This > engage
ment is important to San Francisco,
chiefly because it will afford as an op
portunity to hear at least the vocal ele
ment of the Wagner operas Interpreted
to the best advantage.
Holmes Symphony Concert.
The fourth and next to the last of the
series of symphony concerts under the
direction of Henry Holmes will take place
at the Grand Opera House next Thursday
afternoon at 3:15. The programme will
include Mendelssohn's "Fingal's Cave"
Overture. Schumann's Symphony • in C.
op 61. Saint-Saen's "Dance Macabre" and
Weber's overture to "Oberon." The Bale of
seats is progressing at Sherman, Clay &.
Co.'s.
of a package in the motorman's space on
a street car Motorman F. G. Reid of Ellis
street car No. 571 struck M. J. ¦ Condon
over tho head with a brass lever, inflict
ing a small scalp wound. Condon and
his brother boarded the car at-Leaven
worth street with a large package. Tho
motorman wished it placed out of his
way, and after some words Condon struck
him in the face. -.The other Condon then
attacked the motorman, and Reid defend
ed himself with the lever.
MEMBERS OF SODALITY
OF HOLY CHILDHOOD
Sixty little girls, dressed In white and
with wreaths covering their tresses, were
received into the Sodality of the Holy
Childhood at St. Francis" Church yester
day afternoon. The ceremony was -as
beautiful as the appearance of the chil
dren and was watched with deep interest
by members of the parish. .Sisters of the
Holy Family, under whose guidance
the children learned their prayers and
hymns, sat among them and participated
in the exercises. Rev. Father Caraher
took the occasion to deliver an earnest
talk to his youn- listeners and explained
to them the importance of ihe step they
were taKing and pointed out the duties
they would be called upon to perform as
members of the sodality.
After ' the ceremonies the children
marched through 'the streets to their
school and enjoyed a banquet. Songs were
sung and recitations appropriate to the
occasion were delivered.
Come, See.
Extra Double Premiums
Extra Double Tickets
Given Free with
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Come ju»t co See.
Great Afflencan Importiiis Tea G^
Stores Everywhere.
zoo Stores.
VERY FEW PEOPLE
Are Fre- From Some Form of Indi-
gestion.
Very f*w people are free from some
firm of indigestion, but scarcely two will
bare the same symptoms.
Sew suffer most directly after eating.
Moating from pas in stomach and bowels,
others have heartburn or sour risings,
Ftill others have palpitation of heart,
hradaches. sleeplessness, pains in chest
and under shoulder blades, pome have ex-
trrme nervousness as In nervous dyspep-
eia.
But whatever the symptoms may be,
the caure in all cases of indigestion is the;
fame: that is. the stomach for som<s rea-
son fails to properly and promptly digest
what is eaten.
This i* the whole story of stomach trou-
bles in a nutshell. The stomach must have
rest and BLB&BtBXteG and Stuart's Dyspep-
f!,i Tablet? prive it both by supplying
those natural digestive? which every weak
ptomach lacks, owir.jr to the failure of the
peptic gland? in the stomach to secrete
efficient acid and pepsin to thoroughly
digest ard assimilate the food eaten.
One grain of the active principle in
Stuart's Dy?peps!a Tablets will digest
COGO grains of meat; egg* or other whole-
Fome food, and this claim has b^en proven
hy actual experiment which any one can
perform for hims<Mf in the following man-
ner: Cut a hard boiled eRg into very
FraaM piece?, as it would be if masticated,
place the cpj? and two or three of the
tablet* in a bottle or jar containing warm
water heated to 98 decrees (the tempera-,
ture of the- body) and keep it at this tem-
perature for three and one-half hours, at
the end of which time the eRB will be as
completely digested as it would have been
in the healthy stomach of a hungry boy.
The pcint of tills experiment is that
T.hat Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do
t» the egg in the bottle it will do to the
rjrc or meat In the stomach, and nothing
f>\*e will rest and invigorate the stomach
en safely and effectually. Even a little
rhild can take Stuart's Tablets with safety
end benefit if its digestion is weak and
the thousands of cure^ accomplished by
their regular daily use are easily ex-
plained when It is understood that they
are composed of vegetable essences, asep-
tic pepsin, diastase and Golden Seal,
which ming'e with the food and digest it
thoroughly, giving the overworked stom-
ech a cha:iee to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neither
do pills and cathartic medicines, which
Fimr'iy Irritate and lnfl-ime the intestines.
When enough food is eaten and prompt-
Jv digested there will be no constipation,
nor in fact will there be disease of any
kind, because good digestion means good
h<alth in every organ. '¦
The merit and success of Stuart s Dys-
pepEla Tablets are world wide and they
fere pold at the moderate price of 50 cts.
for full-siz^d package in every drugstore
in the I'nited States and Canada, as well
a Vo'r the^ntormatlon of those interested
a little book will be mailed free by ad-
drying F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall.
Mich giving briefly the symptoms of the
various forms of stomach, weakness,
causes and cure.
CASH STORE
Bk i 'HL ESj N__|
Continues to-day and until $80,000
of gtjods are sold. Tnis will take but
a few days as they moved Saturday.
Com« early if you can.
SEEKS REVENGE
FOR A BROTHER'S
INCARCERATION
William H. Hughes, Saloon-
Keeper, Badly Beaten
• and Kicked.
About a Year Ago John Shaughnessy
Was Sent to San Quentin for
Attempting to Murder tha
Liquor Man.
«
•William H. Hughes, saloon-keeper. . 104
Taylor street, called at the Receiving
Hospital yesterday morning with a badly
battered face and with other signs of
having been roughly treated. His inju
ries were attended to and he was sent
home.
"I am the victim of revenge," said
Hughes, while his injuries were being
dressed. "A brother- of John Shaughnes
sy, who is serving a term in San Quentln
for trying to murder me, has been re
peatedly threatening that he would do me
up, but I managed to keep out of his way
until this morning. He met me as I was
leaving my saloon, and before I knew
what he intended t/ do he knocked me
down and kicked rhe repeatedly on the
face and body. I yelled for help and I
believe if some people had not appeared
he would have killed me. I will have him
arrested and punished . for this cowardly
assault." -
_ About a year ago John Shaugnessy and
his father were drinking in Hughes' sa
loon, which was then on Howard street,
and a fight started. Shaughnessy and his
firemen. The full list of guests, many of
whom lost heavily, is as folows:
J. H. Wadsworth and family, Mrs. Gllleran,
Mrs. Jennie Dougherty, Mr. and Mrs. Thomp
son and child, C. E. Warn. Dr. Bardue and
family, Mrs. Smith and child, Mr. Clayton,
D. IJcCue Mr. ¦ McGee. Mr. Ledwedge and son,
Mrs. MeOowan. Mrs. F. Coulton. John McClel
land, Mips Nellie Ackerman. J. S. Wilson.
Mrs. J. Lemont Oreegr. 1... C Bulkley, Miss
I,air.s. Mr. and Mrs. West and family. Mrs.
O'Connor. Mrs. A. R. Patterson. Mr. Dv Pere,
J. N. I^ogan. M--- Georgia Pipino. Mrs. Cash
man, Miss McFarland. Con Donahue. J. S.
Wilscn. Mrs. Gray. Mr. Hall. Mr. Hilton,
Mrs. BorsisholtE, Count RumelHburg and fam
ily. C. Mitchell. I>. Austermell, George Potts,
Mr. Hall, wife and nurse, Mrs. Straus.
After the tire had been extinguished and
the men of ihr- tire patrol had set about
hauling: tho debris into "the street, it was
reported to the police- that petty thieves
had commenced operations. Much of the
money and valuables recovered were
afterward stolen.' *; '.- ¦
Blaze in the Mission.
The department was called out immedi
ately after the El Monte alarm to a flre
in the Mission at the residence of George
Parisen, 3353 Twenty-second street. At
the time of the fire the family was absent
and no information could be obtained as
to the cause. The contents of the two
story dwelling were considerably damaged
by the time the department arrived. It
required thirty minutes to extinguish the
conflagration. There was no insurance
on the building or furniture.
BRAVE FIREMAN EUGENE GROW RESCUES TWO
WOMEN FROM DEATH IN A BURNING BUILDING
Thieves Said to Be Responsible
for a Blaze That Partially Con
sumes Hotel El Monte.
Guests Become Panic Stricken, and Are
Only Prevented From Jumping From the
Upper Story Windows by the Heroic Work
of the Firemen.
THE moFt thrilling fire witnessed in
this city since the destruction of the
Baldwin Hotel occurred In the El
Monte Hotel, a boarding house at
&1 Geary street, 'oarly last evening.
In th»» early stages of the conflagra
tion exciting spectacles of hairbreadth es
capes and daring rescues gTeeted the eyes
of a large throng gathered in the street,
nr.d inside of the burning building pan
demonium reipned. The supposed origin
of the fire adds a sensational feature, it
bring reported that robbers, while ran
raoking- the rooms in search of valuables.
<-nrelesFly dropped a match which Ignited
fome clothes In a closet in one of the
epartments.
The most stirring detail of the fire was
the rescue of Mrs. J. Lamont Greeg from
the fourth story of the hotel by Foreman
Crow of Truck I. The woman was pre
paring to leap to death below when the
brave fireman, cheered by thousands of
voices, sprang up a ladder, caught her In
his arms and carried her down to the
pavement. Crow then returned to the
floors where guests were Imprisoned and
carried another woman who remained
alone and bewildered in the third story,
down the stairway into the street.
The Alarm of Fire.
Phortly after 7 o'clock last evening a
number of the guests of the hotel left
their rooms and repaired to the dining
rooms. Among them was Mrs. J. J.
O'Connor, an artist, who occupied rooms
Sf>. SI. 32 and 33 of the building. The guests
had been seated at the table but a short
time when fire was discovered in the third
Ftorj*. Smoke issued in dense clouds from
room Sf>. and when the door was forced
open flames broke out and quickly spread
to the adjoining apartments. A cry of
Sre was raised and an alarm was turned
in from box 42 by Police Officer George
Collins. In the meantime the guests had
rushed to their rooms in an effort to save
«hai «hey could. Those on the fourth
floe* found themsflvos enveloped by
Fmoki" in an incredibly short time and
pandemonium reigned.
Wompn faintod with excitement and
those who did not loose their heads set
to the work of rescue.
Doors were broken down and uncon-
Fcious forms carried away. Some, firm
in their intention to save all of their.pos
fsslons. had to be dragged from the
t=cene Others, nearly overcome by smoke.
beat a hasty re-treat. A number of
iromfa rushed to windows and prepared
to jump, but they were restrained and
were assisted to escape. On the lower
floors and where the smoke was not so
thick trunks were pulled out of rooms,
and furniture was hurriedly removed. The
hotel records wore all removed, and valu
ables that had been deposited in the of
fice were taken away.
Fire Department Arrives.
When the Fire Department arrived it
appeared as if the building, which is of
four stories and a basement, was doomed
to destruction, and that another Baldwin
Hotel tire was imminent. Flames leaped
out of the windows on the third story
and the structure itself was wrapped in
smoke. A large crowd of people had
gathered an the scene and they heard,
with horror, women at the upper windows
calling for assistance. The firemen of
Truck 1 acted quickly. Ladders were
taken from the truck and the task of
saving life began. By the time the lad
ders had been placed in position, however,
most of the figures had disappeared from
view, and there remained but two women
who required help.
One of these was Miss McFarland, who
occupied a room on the fourth floor., and
was confined to her bed when the alarm
of fire was sounded. Willing hands, not
waiting for the firemen, saved her life,
and the fire tighten* stretched their ap
paratus to the window at which Mr 9. J.
Lemnnt Grees stood. Before the ladders
could reach her she had climbed from the
sill on to the flre escape and was prepar
ing to leap to the pavement below. Wil
liam Holland, an employe of a livery
stable, followed her through the room,
and seizing- her clothing, held her back.
Foreman Crow sprang up the ladder and
caught the woman in his arms just as she
had one foot over the fire escape guard.
Daring Rescue of Two "Women.
The daring fireman on the top of the
swaying ladder then grasped the woman
in his left arm and started downward.
Below the crowd cheered him to the
echo. When he took his charge at the
window, a mighty shout went up, and it
lasted until he had reached the ground in
safety and placed the woman in the arms
of her friends. Crow, heedless of the ova
tion he had received for his bravery,
climbed the ladder asain and entered the
burning building. Near the landing of
the third floor he found a woman who had
been left alone and unable to escape, and
he carried her down the stairway into the
street. The firemen had by this time com
menced fighting the fire. After an hour's
work they had it under control, and the
building was saved.
How the fire started is a matter of con
jecture. The flames broke out near a
closet in Mr?. O'Connor's room, which
she had left but a few minutes before.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
CALIFORNIAN
STILL FAST
ON THE ROCKS
Passengers Are Safe, but
Have Not Left the
Vessel.
WAS OUT OF HER COURSE
She Is Stanchly Built and Sea
faring Men Are of the Opinion
That She Can Bo
Floated.
PORTLAND. Me... Feb. 25.— The bier Al
lan Line steamship Californian. which left
her dock at midnight, went ashore on
Ram Island Ledge, just outside the'har
bor, a few minutes after her pilot left her
this morning. All the passengers are safe,
although still aboard. Most of the local
seafaring men are of the opinion that the
roc*kS have penetrated the bottom of the
vessel in several places, and they doubt
very much if she can K « saved. Ine ves
sel is valued at $3,000,000 and the cargo at
$300,000. There are six cabin, five interme
diate and ten steerage passenjeers. be
sides a crew of seventy-five men. The
cabin passengers »re: Mr. and Mrs. Pat
ton, Montreal; Mr. and Mrs. D. WiUon.
Toronto; Miss Bailey. Ottawa, and Mr.
Browell. Esquimau. B. C.
The Californian was in charge of Pilot
Edward L. Parsons, and at the time he
left her the wind was blowing hard from
the southeast and a heavy rain was fall
ing. Pilot Parsons left the ship on reach
ing the bell buoy off Cusyngs Island
Point after he gave the officer of the ship
the correct course t»^ minutes later the
Californian was hard and fast aground on
Ram Island Ledge. This is a reef which
runs out from Ram Island, and the ship
had gone several points off her course
when she struck, "a ..is afternoon the life
saving boat from the Cape Elizabeth life
savers, seven miles away, launched a
boat and put off for the steamer. Intend
ing to transfer the passengers from the
steamer to the tug Piedmont. Some of
the women passengers desired to be
transferred, but on seeing the manner In
which the lifeboat pitched and rolled they
decided not to leave the ship.
The ship is lying under the lee of Ram
island on the ledee. and although the
waves are breaking with great force the
long ledge acts as a breakwater and pro
tects the ship. The wind is now blowing
strongly from the westward and the sea
is subsiding. •
The passengers will probably be taken
off to-morrow morning without danger,
and if the sea is smooth the work of re
moving the cargo will commence. The
local officials feel confident that th© ship
can be floated. The conditions now are
favorable.
The Californian was bound to Glasgow
by way 6t Halifax. Captain Barclay says
that the hold Is full of water, the fires
are extinguished, there Is a heavy sea and
the passengers are perfectly safe. The
cargo of 3000 tons consists mainly of
meats, lard, apples, cheese and grain.
The greater part of the cargo was prob
ably insured by the consignees. It is not
known whether the ship was insured.
The steamship State of California, now
named the Californian, was built on the
Clyde and launched in 1591. She la built
of milled steel, is class Al in Lloyd's spe
cial survey and with additional strength
ening over Lloyd's requirements as well
as to comply with the demands, of the
Admiralty for transport service. Her
length is 400 feet, beam 46 feet and depth
32 feet 8 inches. Her tonnage capacity Is
5300 tons. She is divided into eight com
partments, the bulkheads of which are all
carried to the upper decks. These, with
the cellular double bottom, insure the
greatest amount of safety in case of ac
cident.
father were beaten and. thrown out of the
saloon. Cross-complaints were sworn to
by Shaughnessy and Hughes, and the
morninp on which the cases were to be
called in Judge Conlan's court Hughes
was standing in the corridor waiting for
the court to be opened, when Shaughnes
sy went up to him and fired several shots
at him, wounding him. but not danger
ously. The corridor was crowded at the
time and the shooting caused the wildest
excitement. •-.*: '.¦<¦ '•¦}¦¦
Shaughnessy was arrested on a charge
of assault to murder, and when asked as
to his reason for attempting to murder
Hughea. he said that Hughes had struck
his old father several times on the face
with an ice pick during the fight in the
saloon and. that was why he was deter
mined to have revenge on him. Shaughn
essy was convicted in the Superior Court
and Judge Lawlor sent him to San Quen
tin. -;••/•-• •¦:.--¦.
Motorman Strikes a Passenger.
During an argument over the placing
I do not belleTe there
jpSßJfcegfKfcgjfr? sia, indigestion or
'raff an^ i^ omac^ troublo
£&f <*ShJ *k a * cannot be re-
lt¥ ..,-_ rjgflP Xe Te d »* cnC9 oni *
nl »^?SSJS*7 permanently cur<?<l
V by,my DYSPEPSIA
JW^iti? 2UUNYON.
t 4^*»r^frrflv At all druiririst*.
25c. a rial. Guido
V fyl^fflSiSi^T t0 Health and merti-
I 1 W eal adrice free. 1503
• * Arch street. Phila.
'¦'¦""¦ *•" » .^fIHEHOSiXk. \ m '•" "' *'•' *'• «lw * • » aj^^Hw M **-»*.*•
¦"*•' *'**i^^ .'•¦ •'•• "• i • -' ¦*• "^k. f •""¦ - '"-*¦.*¦-"•*• ".'^Hh^HSmbsl^^^J^- •".*.••*•*.
There are three reasons why you should wear one
v of our all-wool blue sergs suits for $io.oo:
A new suit always helps one's appearance.
Our suits are inexpensive — the price is low.
They are suits that are worth the money. 1
They are single and double breasted, positively g
unfadable, carefully cut, well made— you know they h
must be values when you can get si
a good blue serge suit I
for §
ten dollars I
Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue No. 2. S
718 Market St. 1
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
? 222-224 SUTTER STREET (
$ Lenten foods — very large «
p variety, in glass, tin •
| and wood. \
I SPECIAL !
I MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY \
§ te ierj best, 15c doz;
Last week :oc.
I Finnan Kaddiss, 12 f-2c Ib ¦
<g New shipmentn. Regralarly 13«. I
% Oriental Coffee, 2 lbs 55c •
$* Roasted and eround fresh every day. .
Regularly 35c. <
t Sardines, French bonaless, a tins 25c j
© In pure olive oil. Reg. 30c. '
a Delicatess Anchovies, tin 10c :
2> Overstocked: In excellent condition;
® delicious, appetizir.gr. Resr. 20c j
| Lu&in's Paris Soap, caks 30c (
A Genuine. Res. 40c.
k Glycerine Soap, (-2 Ib bar 10c !
<5 "La Parlsienno" ; softens tho skin. <
§ Peaches, Ib 15c •
0 Fine peeled, evaporated. Re?. Sc. (
§ Black Figs, Californlan, Ib sc ;
| Italian Prunes, 3 lbs 25c ,
(£) Good healthy food. Rer. 12'ic.
,|, German Salt Sticks (SalzstengeD •
I Isc pkg ;
(j) Fresh shlrment Juat la.
Reg. 20a
® Baking Powder, •• New Era"
f /^ Ib can 30c :
Pure cream tartar and i
soda. Ree. 40c.
f Paprika, Hungarian Sweet Red '
| Pepper, 100,150,250,400,750'
§ Erandy bot 75c ; gal $3.00 '
® " Pure grace. ReK. $1.00 and $4.00.
i) Sunset Cocktails bot 85c f
Eastern bottling. Reg. $1.00. Man- i
® hattan. Martini. Vermouth, Gin, etc
$ Munchner-Kindl Brau
<5> New importation of this famous Ger- '
(S) man beer Just received.
Plirarc — " Elj amor." ah sizes—
(•) uloOldi Key West. Clear Ha\*ana.
® Country order* shipped free IPO miles,
s? Monthly priced catalosue mailed free. '
iIIiRDPTBRE
Xjfflv uUiiijUi
WHEN we say "RUPTURE CURED" w*
mean It. for It is a fact that thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Pierce'B WorW-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS durinz the raat
twenty-flve years. There is nothing else like it
on earth t It does the work: Have received so
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "V>r.
Pierces" Is THE truss, anil you cannot b«
happy till you get It.
. You can get our "BOOKLET Jfo. 1 for noth-
ing by calling at the office, or It will be sent to
you on rsceirt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all
about this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
5S Tribune bulldlnar. NEW YORK.
? t\ i» i «n Located on Market t
rALALh Btreet - la close ?
J. niinVli proximity to busl- *
'" A\fn ness section, places t
Alill of amusement and J
'! ¦ depots: HOO rooms. I
finiMTVooO with baths at- ?
• Ullilllll tached. The largest t
and finest hotels In t
'! IJATTCI C tho world - Amerl- J
? nil l cCj can and Eurooean ?
ii ** v plan. •
guj' FAVORITE
ISescription
JL FOR WEAK WOMEiM.
V
3
The lady stated that she at one time pos
sessed valuable diamonds, and she thinks
that a burglar, in quest of these, started
the blaze by dropping a match near the
clothes he was searching. She pays that
the gas was burning in the room when
she left it, but the lire started some
distance from the jet. No other flre of
any description, she claims, remained in
the apartments when she locked them up
and went to dinner. Miss Isabella Smith,
who was with Mrs. O'Connor, corrobor
ates these statements.Missionaries are complaining to European powers
that China does not take kindly to these advance
agents of peace and good will to men. Nations no
more than men welcome visitors who are the pioneers
for pirates. European "spheres of influence" have
taught the Chinese a bitter lesson.
The Supervisors will please take notice that the
worst possible way to lighten the deficiency in the
treasury is to shut off the lighting of the city.
Roberts has found it very much easier to trap
Cronje than taget him out of the trap.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The shipbuilding programme for the
French navy provides for 177 additional
vessels, at n cost of nearly $90,000,000. to
which should be added $47,000,000 for ves
sels not yet completed.
During 1899 three German shipyards,
namely, Schichan, at Klblng; Vulcan
•Works, Stettin, and Germanla yard, Kiel,
built and delivered three armored cruis
ers, four torpedo cruisers, four . torpedo
boat destroyers and eight torpedo boats.
These vessels were ordered by China, Bra
zil, Italy. and Japan.
Holland is also becoming ambitious to
take Its rank somewhere among the naval
powers. A naval policy has been formu
lated which provides for three Improved
Evertsen and five Koenlngen Regentes.
three small monitors carrying 8-lnch guns.
HAVE A SMILE WITH US.
Maude-'TVould you marry a man you
d i dn i .'ove?' Clara-"No. Indeed!"
Maude-^'But suppose he had a million?"
Clara— Oh, then I'd love him."— Chicaeo
On' the Tugela.— Corporal— "So you were
w3i °V' ou f a L d '" Sentry (who al
lowed a Boer to rush the lines)-"No. sor!
Record my boot3 -"- p hlladelphld
«.'m?^fi l « W :'V sald . the h! » hl y respectable
gentleman. "I can't ever get over my
d o £ h ,°°d f f ar of a policeman." "Why
h?« n Ji yo 2 funning a saloon?" askeO
his frlend.—lndianapolia Press.
. "Madam," h© paid, suppllantlv "would
you be willing to help a man who ca^ not
find- any thing to do af^bls iSgmmSte
The banishment of Biggy ought to suggest a pic
torial theme for that proposed Phelan flag emblem for
new San Francisco. The incident will afford the
Mayor an opportunity to pose in the heroic, and it
needs no suggestion to remind the gentle reader that
his Honor considers the affair one of primary im
portance in his spectacular career.
The New York man who sold his wife through the
divorce court for $30,000 must have bought her as an
investment. The wife, however, probably deserves
any congratulations that may be free for the occa
sion.
SAVE THE SEQUOIAS.
rROM the efforts that are being made by so
many earnest and energetic people to save the
giant trees of Calaveras a reasonable hope is
afforded of their success. A resolute public opinion
directed to a worthy end rarely ever fails to accom
plish its purpose in the United States; and in this
case the object aimed at is one against which there
can be no possible antagonism. The only obstacle in
the way of those who seek to save the trees is the
inertia that has to be overcome. Even when the
Government is willing to do a certain thing, it is not
always easy to get it done, for the executive depart
ment waits on Congress and Congress waits on
everything.
The Call has pointed out a method by which the
trees may be saved through governmental aid with
out waiting for an appropriation to purchase the
grove; for if that be waited for the grove may be cut
away from the face of the earth before it comes.
Whether that plan or some other equally good be
adopted is, however, a detail of the subject. The one
vital point is to save the trees, and in any well-directed
plan to that end there should be, and doubtless will
be, general and cordial co-operation.
The grove is one of the most interesting natural
features of this continent, and even of the world. It
is one of the wonders of nature, and to destroy it
would be an offense hardly less gross than that com
mitted by the vandals of old in destroying the mighty
monuments and edifices that stood in Greece and
Italy to attest the architectural magnificence and
artistic beauty of the civilization of the ancients. A
new civilization has arisen which can replace the old
edifices with buildings hardly less stately and much
more commodious, but no civilization could by the
careful cultivation of a thousand years restore the
Calaveras grove to its present sublimity.
Fortunately the interest in the grove is widespread.
There are thousands of people in the East who will
be as eager as Californians themselves to save it from
the woodman's ax and saw. The co-operation of
these persons in the efforts to save the trees may be
confidently expected. Their influence will have
weight with Congressmen from the Eastern States,
and it is thus reasonable to hope they may be in
duced to act promptly enough to prevent the felling
of a single one of the great trees. Vlr, '
Meantime to the various clubs, associations and in
dividuals who are giving so much of their time and
their energy to save the grove, the thanks not only
of Californians, but of all Americans, are* due. They
are doing a work which will redound to their credit
through all future time; and if they succeed the big
trees will stand as monuments to their energy and
public spirit if not to their names.
three monitors, seven Gelderland cruisers,
twenty-one first-class torpedo boats,
twelve small torpedo boats and fourteen
gunboats for East India service. This
programme is to extend over ten years,
but as this proposition has been made
again during the past three years, there
Is some doubt about the scheme material
izing.
Great Britain's naval estimates for the
fiscal year. beginning April 1 are given at
$129.422,0u>, or $13,704,550 in excess of that of
last year. The Increased number of^hlpa
has, of course, necessitated an Increase in
the personnel, especially In the grade of
lieutenants, which Is advanced from 1130
to IESO.
Russia Is building six cruisers, ranging
between 6500 and 6630 tons and speeds
varying from 20 to 23 knots. Three of
these cruisers, the Diana. Aurora and
Pallada. are building at St. Petersburg
by contract, and are of the 20-knot type
and 6630 tons. The Waryag, building at
Cramps', Bogatyr, at Stettin, and AskoUl,
at Kiel, are of the 23-knot class and "6500
tons,, and the contract stipulations for
speed are identical, and will no doubt be
very interesting as to results, as three
separate yards will be put on their mettle
to drive their ships for twelve consecutive
hours at an average speed of 23 knots.
The Askold is further handicapped by a
limitation to a coal consumption of two
pounds, and the builders will be further
more subject to a fine of $20,000 for every
inch above an excess of six inches al
lowed.
Some Interesting steam trials have re
cently taken place in the French navy
which, unless the trials were "jockeyed."
would indicate that some speedy craft had
been turned out from French dockyards.
The battleships Charlemagne and Gaulois,
of 11,275 tons, passed through their twen
ty-four hours* trial at sea. under two
third power, developing 9200 and 9270. re
spectively, with corresponding speeds of
16.5 and 16.41 knots. ' During the three
hours' full-power trial the Charlemagne
developed 15,235 horsepower and 18.138
knots, and the Gaulois gave 14,925 horse
power and 15.02 knots speed. The defects
In the sheathed cruiser Gulchen appears
also to have been nearly overcome, for on
a three-hour run under full power she de
veloped 25,455 horsepower on 136.39 revolu
tions, and averaged 23.544 knots In two
runs over the measured mile course.
The armored cruiser Fuerst Bismarck,
of 10.452 tons displacement, was laid down
in the dockyard at Kiel April 1, 1596. and
launched September 23. 1597. The estimat
ed cost Is: Ship and engines, $3,375,000; grun
armament, $750,000; torpedo armament,
$195,000; total, $4,320,000. The armor belt, 8
feet 2 Inches in height, extends all around
and is 7.87 inches thick in the maximum,
tapering to 3.94 inches at the ends, and the
several protective decks and armored
transverse bulkheads afford a very fair
protection against shell fire. The arma
ment consists of four 9.15-inch rapid-fire
40-caliber guns, in two barbette turrets;
six 5.91-inch rapid-fire 40-callber puns, in
separate armored casemates; six 5.31-inch
rapid-fire 40-caliber guns, in armored tur
rets; ten 3.87-inch rapid-fire 30-caliber
guns, with shields, and ten 3-pounder and
four 1-pounder machine guns.. Of torpe
does the ship will be fitted with one bow
tube, four submerged in broadside' and ono
above-water stern tube, armored. Tht»
motive power Is three 4-cyllnder vertical
triple-expansion engines, furnished with
steam from eight cylindrical and six
water-tube Durr boilers, of 13,000 horse
power, collectively, two thirds oX which
Is furnished by the cylindrical boilers.
The coal capacity at load line is 1000 tons,
and a speed of 19 knots is anticipated
The Fuerst Bismarck being Intended for
service abroad, the hull. is sheathed with
teak and coppered, thus making frequent
dockage necessary in order to maintain
the Initial high speed.
business?" "I- might," replied the benev
olent creature. ••'By the way. what i 3
your business?" "I'm a calamity howler,
ma'am." — Judge.
A QUIET SEASON IN TRADE.
THE statistical showing of trade was less favor
able again last week. The failures through
out the country were 201, against 191 for the
same week last year, and the bank clearings showed a
: loss of 16 per cent. Of the largest cities in the coun
'..¦ try six — New York, Boston, Philadelphia, St. Louis,
. I'ittsburg and Baltimore — showed a loss, while five —
Chicago, San Francisco, Cincinnati, Kansas City and
New Orleans — showed a gain. This weekly irregu
larity is again becoming pronounced, and indicates
an unsettled condition of trade. In fact, conditions
are mixed. The railway earnings are very large as
. compared with the fame time in 1899. but they were
Email last year, owing 'to inclement weather, while it
is well known that the railways are cutting rates.
The distributive trade of the country is fair, but some
of the important staples are declining. The steep
v prices of the past twelve months can no longer be
held up, because the top notch, so long expected, has
*¦ ?.t last been reached, and goods have got so high that
the demand is dropping off. In other words, there
is no longer any boom. But the cheapening of the
staples is resulting in more business here and there.
This is especially noticeable in the boot and shoe
trade, some manufacturers reporting increased con
tracts owing to the decline in hides and leather, which
. ere giving some shops work enough to keep them
4 going a little longer, though most of them report few
orders and some arc shutting down. Cancellations
of wool orders are bccoaiing numerous, and some
grades arc cheaper. The iron industry also shows
, less strength, and some markets report less business,
while others report more. Structural iron continues
r, active, indicating large building operations during
the coming spring and summer. The West reports
an increasing demand for hardware. The spring
trade in even-thing is reported enlarging rather than
diminishing.
Wall street continues tame and featureless. While
there is no pronounced bear sentiment, speculation is
apathetic and favorable conditions fail to attract the
; public. Money has been working rather firmer of
late» and this may tend to keep the market dull.
California is making as good a showing at the
moment as any other State, and better than some.
Thus far there has been no marked decrease in the
bank clearings of San Francisco, and indeed there
was a pronounced gain in January. The merchants
report business fully up to the average at this time of
f the year, collections are fair and failures are compara
tively few, and then not serious. Farm products,
however, are dull, and the tendency in most descrip
tions is toward a lower range of values. Wheat is
ftill in the dumps, and has been slowly declining for
some little time. The weakness and inactivity in this
governing cereal impart a soft tone to the minor
grains, and feedstuffs of all sorts are quiet and easy,
owing to the abundance of green grass. Continued
fine weather results in extensive farming operations,
and the acreage this year, bids fair to be vast. The
South is still complaining of dry weather, while the
northern and central portions of the State have had
rain to spare. The fruit men are regarding the fine
February weather with an apprehensive eye. for a
balmy February generally means a frosty March and
the destruction of more or less fruit.
These points cover the condition of business
throughout the State and country- In quiet times
there is little to be said. The volume of trade will
hardly reach the high figures of 1899, unless some
thing now invisible occurs to give commerce a re
newed stimulus; nor is there any sign that 1000 will
be an unfavorable year. .Briefly stated, the rush is
over, and we have settled down to normal conditions
again.
MONDAY - - FEBRUARY 26, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'IDLICAMO.V OFFlCK...l!iirkrt and Third. S. !•*.
lVirjkone Slain ISO's.
EDITORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1574.
DellT*T*a hr Carrier*. 15 C«-n<« Per Weelc
Stnffle Coplm, n Cent*.
Term* Uf Mali. Including Poalaoret
OAILY CAIA. (tnclndlns snndnr). one rrnr..?r,.nft
DAILY CALL <*ncladtnc Sunday), it month*. . H.OO
OAILY CALL (Inclndins bandar). H months.. J.rto
DAILY CALL— By Single Month (Ua
MMIAV CALL One Year J.r.o
M'SSKKJLY CALL One Year I.UO
All puanuaatern nxe authorised to receive
aabacriptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKLA.MJ OFFICE 111S Uroodirsr
c. aisoitnrc kiiocvess.
Slanaarer Foreign Advertising. Marqnette Build-
Ing, Chicago.
kew vortic coiuti:«poxnK\Ti
C C CAULTO.N Ilerald Sanare
CHICAGO NEWS $TAXDSi
Sherman IXonaei P. O. .\rni Co.t Great sorth
rru Moteli Fremont Douse; Auditorium Hotel.
SiEW YORIC !VEWS STAXOSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel t A. Brentano. 31 Colon
Squares Marrny lilil Hotel.
XEW YORK UEPUESENTATIVEi
PERRY LIKEAS JR 20 Tribune Ilulldlng
WASQOGTON CO. C> OKFICR . . Wellington Hotel
J. V. I2AGLISII. Correspondent.
BRAWOH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until IIiCU) o'clock. .".00 Haven,
open nntll i):'.U> o'clock. li:;j» McAHlnter, open
nntil :«:."o o'clock. Ul5 Larkln, open nntil
»:3O o'clock. lt>4l Blisalon. open until ll»
o'clock. lTi<ll SXarket. corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. HtVii Valencia, open nntll O
o'clock. 10i» Eleventh, open nntll U o'clock.
!V"\V. rnraer '1V» ent y-seeonu and Kentucky,
open until U o'clock.
Reasonable people would have thought that his
Honor the Mayor, after the crushing scandal of the
Esola affair, would have handled the local yellow
sheet with tongs. But the saffron kid still has his
Honor by the nose and insists upon the unholy al
liance. The Mayor has again been rebuked; this time
by Senator Perkins for interfering in^the Nicaragua
Canal project with some yellow nonsense.
Another Southern Pacific engineer has been exon
erated for mangling a helpless pedestrian to death.
Human life in San Francisco seems to have the same
market value as it has at the mouth of a cannon in
South Africa.
The janitors in the City Hall have been placed
under bonds. Is it possible that our worthy munici
pal authorities suspert that the knights of the. brush
and broom intend to steal away the old pile piece
meal?
' The Russians are not taking advantage of the
troubles, of Great Britain in the- least. They are
taking nothing but Herat and Persian ports. and other
little things that can be taken at disadvanage.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
are dangerous; they weaken
the constitution, inflame the
lungs, and often lead to
Pneumonia. Cough syrups
are useless. The system must
be given strength and force
to throw off the disease.
will dc this. It strengthens
the lungs and builds up the
entire system. It conquers
che inflammation, cures the
cough, and prevents serious
crouble.
ci-j-.. .?*• * nd *••«>. all dra grists.
SCOTT& DOWNE, ChemhufView Yort.
"Don't you think Mrs. Plumper Is too
stout for a rainy day skirt?"
"Well. It depends a good deal en tha
point of view."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Sjrup"
Has been used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children whlla Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Win*! Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and la the bent remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething cr
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sur« and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
The Fastest Train Across ths Con-
tinent.
Th« California Limited, Santa F* r.-ut«.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. ,Frlday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any la» '1
the East. Ticket office. tZS Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tewri**
sleeping cars via Santa Fe" routs. Experience*!
excursion conductors accompany thes» excar-
slons to look after the welfare of'passe&rers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Loau
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday an i
Friday. Ticket office. KS Market street.
A handy mercantile broom-holder has
a bracket, to be secured to the celllnsr.
from which depends a rod, having a series
of horizontal arms radiating from th*
lower end. the arms being 1 slotted to re-
ceive the head ends of the broom-handles.
Cal. (lace fruit 60c per n> at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 5M ilont-
COmery street. Telephone Main lOC *
0N ANTI-TRUST SUGGESTION.
\A ANY have been the suggestions as to the best
/ \ means of preventing the admitted evils of
* • trust organizations. Some reckless reformers
would sweep away the good of such combinations as
well as the evil by abolishing them altogether; but
such people, while they make a good deal of noise,
represent but a small- cla-ss of the population of the
country. In one form or another co-operation is
being practiced in almost all lines of industry, and, as
ir would be well nigh impossible to define the boun
dary between the organizations which tend JLo the
general welfare and those which are adverse, it Js clear
that anything like a wholesale condemnation of
trusts is not to be desired.
The very difficulty of distinguishing between the
good and the bad features of these combinations adds
interest to any intelligent and fair-minded suggestion
of an effectual method of dealing with them. Bourke
Cochran's recommendation that full publicity should
be given to all the business of trusts was of th.it
nature and received no inconsiderable approval from
earnest students of the subject. Another recently
made by James J. Hill is equally worthy of considera
tion, and in some respects is perhaps the best that
has yet been put forth.
Mr. Hill says: "The way to abolish trusts is to
make stockholders liable. If trusts when organized
were compelled to demonstrate to the legal authori
ties that every share of stock issued had been fully
paid up on a par basis, a very long step would be
taken in a remedial way. In addition thereto the
stockholders in every trust organization should be
made responsible for ultimate losses in double the
amount of the par value of their stock, precisely as
banking institutions are now organized. Thus it
would happen that every time a man of property put
out a share of stock from an organized trust he
would be liable not only for the money which he Tiad
already put in, but for as much more, in case any loss
was sustained by the public on account of this organi
zation."
If Congress have constitutional authority to enact
a law of that kind and should do so, there can be no
question that it would put a sudden stop to the for
mation of speculative trusts and the floating of stock
based upon a fictitious capital. Moreover, it would
put an end to the practice of issuing watered stock.
There would be very little chance of booming trust
stocks if the stockholders ' were made liable for
double the amount of the par value of the stock they
held. '}'&!>
Mr. Hill is himself president of one of the greatest
corporations in the country and has administered its
affairs with remarkable success. Few men under
stand better than himself the uses of large combina
tions of capital and the abuse sometimes made of
them. His opinion, therefore, on the subject is
something like thai of an expert and merits. the con
sideration of statesmen in dealing with the problem.
The clamor of demagogues against trusts is doing
more harm than good, for by reason of their ex
travagance they incline many persons to believe the
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Mr/and Mrs, A. C. Lowe of Menlo Park
are at the Occidental.
Rev. V. G. Martin is registered at lh«
Occidental from>Benicla.
J. A^'McKenzie, an attorney of Merced.
la a guest at. the Lick.
George A. Carr, a traveler from Lon
don, is a guest at the Palace.
A. C. Luck, a railroad man of, Austin.
Nev., Is a guest at the Palace.
James F. Peck, a prominent attorney o!
Merced, is registered at the Lick. [
George B. Blake, a mine owner of Fres
no, was among the arrivals yesterday ai
the Lick. . '
Dr. and Mrs. Murphy of Los Angeles
are among the arrivals of yesterday at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Carpenter, prominent
society people of Los Angeles, are staying
at the Palace.
Commander Georg© F. S. Knowllr.?, R.
N., and Lieutenant F. R. Scarlett. R. N.,
of H. M. S. Icarus are staying at the Pal
ace.
Cecil Rhodes (to John Bull)— "Cheer Up! I'm Rescued."
(From the Chicago Record.)
ANOTHER NOVEL
IS DRAMATIZED
. "The Silence of Dean Maitland" just
misses being a loud melodrama. It was
presented yesterday afternoon at the Cal
ifornia Theater by H. R. Roberts and
company from Australia.
The craze for staging successful novels
has led to many dramatic catastrophes,
but to none m»>re fatal than this. The
unfltness of Maxwell Gray's story for' the
stage was variously evident from the be
ginning of the play to its end and the
mechanic who adapted this very poor ma
terial to theatric purposes made a sorry
job of it indeed. It could not be made,
into a good play; but it might have been
made into a better one.
There is nothing vital in the cowardly
and long drawn-out remorse of Cyril
Maitlana. clergyman, seducer and mur
derer; yet after the single episode of the
murder, which occurs in the prologue,
there are four tedious actfuls of conse
quent incidents devoid ¦of Interest and
with little or no dramatic value.
Regarded psychologically, there Is
never a telling touch in the treatment of
the character of Maitland. The problem
of this conscience-stricken man of God
without the fortitude to bear the respon
sibility of his crimes might be one of op
portunity if handled more concretely; as
it is, the purpose is defeated by the ex
cessive tenuity of the plot, and no actor
in the part of the contrite dean, be he
ever so skillful, could succeed in knitting
the loose ends of haphazard incident into
a fabric sufficiently compact to bear the
broidery of a convincing characterization.
Mr. Roberts certainly cannot do so, for
as an actor he Is most disappointing. He
Is handicapped by his looks and by his
voice, which is unequable and which he
uses badly. His emphasis is particularly
irrational. "What his resources may be
we have yet to learn, and as he will ap
pear later in the week in a broad Irish
farce, it is quite possible he will improve
on acquaintance. The capability of grad
uates from, English stock companies is
sometimes considerable, for they afford
the best training for an actor in the
world, but. if it be within Mr. Roberts'
ability to carry Shakespearean leads and
low comedy parts, it is a pity we should
be first introduced to him in a role that
does not suit him at all.
The other members of the company
either act very badly or do not act at all;
usually the latter, and the stress of emo
tion which should be brought on by some
of the anguishing scenes concern them so
little that they neither express nor con
vey.
There is a single exception to the uni
form mediocrity of the company, and that
is one of promise rather than of fact. Mr.
Wi J. Townshend as Charlie Judkins, in
the prologue, showed some real ability
which not only needs cultivation, but war
rants it. PORTER GARNETT.
Denman Thompson will appear in his
original role of Uncle Josh in "The Old
Homestead" at the Columbia this even
ing. It Is the first time in many years
that he has visited California, and, sur
rounded with his own company, this most
popular of American plays should prove a
strong: attraction.
On Wednesday night the bill at the Cali
fornia will be changed from "The Silence
of Dean Maitland" to "Mrs. Quinn's
Twins," in which Maggie Moore will make
her appearance. She will be supported in
this comedy by her Australian company,
including Mr. H. R. Roberts.
"The New South," by Clay M. Greene
and Joe Grismer, is the attraction at the
Alcazar for the week.
The Grand Opera House will continue to
present "Aladdin Jr." with new and nu
merous specialties, including- Edward B.
Andrews, a coon songster from Keith's.
New York. The extravaganza Is having
an exceptional run.
The success of "The Idol's Eye" Is un
abated at the Tlvoll, where It is breaking
all records. It Is now in its sixth week
and still drawing.
The new attractions at the Orpheum are:
The Franks trio, from Berlin; Truvollo, a
ventriloquist: Pauline Moran and her
pickaninnies and the Passparts, Kathryn
Osterman and Happy Fanny Fields, who
have proved exceptionally successful, re
main. • •
THE REGULATION OF TELEPHONES.
AT the meeting of the Board of Supervisors to
day steps will probably be taken to provide for
such supervision and regulation of telephone
corporations as public welfare requires. To accom
plish that it will be necessary to amend the charter,
and it is to that end the action of to-day is expected
to be taken.
Supervisor McCarthy, whose ordinance imposing a
license tax upon telephones promises to prove an
efficient measure, gave notice some time ago that he
would move for an election upon the charter amend
ment, and the time has come when the motion should
be made. Any delay would be to the advantage of
the corporations. The issue is now fresh in the pub
lii- mind, .and popular interest in it has been stimu
lated by the boast of an official of the Pacific Tele
phone Company that if a tax be laid upon the cor
poration in this city it will "put it in the bill." If the
measure be delayed there is a danger that the excite
ments of the coming Presidential campaign may dis
tract the attention of the voters from their local in
terests, and the corporation will profit by it.
It is to be remembered that after the proposed
amendment has been voted for by the people it will
have to be submitted to "the Legislature and ratified by
that body before it becomes a part of the charter.
There is to be a meeting of the Legislature next win
ter, and if the amendment be adopted by the citizens
this year the Legislature can take action upon it at that
time. If there should be delay, however, in holding
the election, the matter would have to go over for.
two years, or until the legislative session of 1002.
Clearly, therefore, the Supervisors should give the
subject prompt consideration and urge action upon
it as rapidly as possible.
It is to be borne in mind that in the proposed
amendment there is designed nothing of injustice to
the telephone corporations. The object of it is sim
pl3 r to put such corporations on a level so far as
municipal law is concerned, with all others controll
ing public utilities. When the new charter was
under consideration the astute attorney for the tele
phone corporation managed to have the charter so
drawn that it gave the Supervisors no power to regu
late such corporations. The trick is clever, but not
commendable. It will not profit the telephone cor>
porations anything, but it will put the municipality
to the expense of an election to amend the defect,
and in that fact the corporation and its attorney may
find something of satisfaction. Were it possible in
practical affairs to do "poetic justice," it would be
proper in this instance for the people to compel the
corporation to pay the whole cost of the election
which it has rendered necessary; and the corporation
in turn would be justified in exacting the amount from
the attorney whose excessive astuteness got it into
the scrape.
BURIAL WITHIN THE CITY.
SINCE at a joint meeting of the Judiciary, Hos :
pital and Health Committees of the Board of
Supervisors a majority agreed to recommend
the passage of an ordinance prohibiting burials within
the limits of the city, after August i, 1901, that long;
debated issue will once more come before the munici
pal authorities for action.
It has been evident to all intelligent observers of
the development of the city that sooner or later the
use of the old-time cemeteries as places of burial must
cease. At the time those tracts were set aside for the
repose of the dead they were remote from the habi
tations of the living, and there was then no objection
to that use of them. In the growth of the city, how
ever, the population has moved westward as well as
southward, and the cemeteries are now within one of
the best of our residence districts. We cannot put. a
stop to the increase of population nor to the building
of new homes in those parts of the city, and conse
quently there must be an end to further burials in the
cemeteries there.
The issue is not peculiar to San Francisco. Every
growing city or town in America and in Europe has
had to deal with it. Modern sanitary science has
disclosed the fact that the burial of the dead within
the limits of cities is a fruitful source of disease; and
is moreover objectionable in many other ways. Gov
ernments enlightened by science have therefore put a
stop to the old-time practice, and cemetery after
cemetery within city limits has been closed. In
some instances the new ordinances have put a stop
to the custom of almost immemorial antiquity, but
in even- instance the results have been beneficial, and
after the first feeling of antagonism was over, even
the opponents of the reform have conceded the wis
dom of it.
The issue has been brought about in San Francisco
more quickly than in other communities owing to
the rapid growth of the city, and for that reason it
appears to some to be premature. It is hardly a gen
eration ago since the cemeteries were established,
and some of the more conservative of our people can
not be persuaded that it is necessary to so soon close
them. Among those, however, who live in the dis
tricts, and are familiar with all the conditions, there
are no doubts on the subject. The cemeteries block
the westward growth of the city and the dead are in
the way of the living. It is not right nor wise that
it should be so. Sooner or later we must do what has
been done elsewhere in this regard and put a stop to
city burials; and it is certainly expedient that we
should do so as soon as possible.
The proposed ordinance does not undertake hasty
or inconsiderate action. It is not to go into effect
for more than a year from this time — in fact not for
eighteen months — and that allows an ample period for
arrangements to be made for burials in the suburban
cemeteries.
It is to be borne in mind there is nothing in the
proposed measure that even by implication carries any
disrespect for the dead, or can wound the tenderest
sentiments of the living whose dead are resting
within the city. The measure is based indeed upon
the teachings of science and the reasons for it appeal
to the intellect, but there is nothing in it to offend
the heart or hurt the sensibilities of the spirit. It is a
judicious measure well devised for the general good.
It must be adopted in the end, and it would be best
to have it adopted now.
problem of trust restriction to be beyond practical
solution. Such suggestions as that of Mr. Hill." how
ever, give encouragement to the hope that we may
yet put a check upon the evils without preventing
the accomplishment of the economic benefits of
trusts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvcll— "The Uol'« Eye."
Orph*t:m— Vaufievllle.
Grand ODera-housc — "Almddln Jr."
Grand Or>era-house— Symphony Concert Thursday After-
soon. March 1.
California— "Tha Silence of Dean Maltlaad."
Alcazar— "Tt« Xew South."
Columbia— "The Old Homestead."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
crecioi.
Olympla. corner of Maeon and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' ravllion — Trained Animal Show, Saturday,
Jlarch i.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
4"Jusf fine!" says every lady who uses
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream. Drugrsnsts.
Ing to this proposition. Mr. Plnckney. on«
of the Commissioners, exclaimed indig
nantly, "Millions for defense; not one cent
for tribute." The X. Y. Z. dispatches (so
called because those letters were substi
tuted for the names of the unworthy
French agents) relating the insulting Inci
dent having been laid before Congress,
were published, and the nation went wild
with Indignation. "Washington was com
mander in chief of the army, and prepara
tions for war with France were eagerly
set on foot. The widespread approval of
the attitude of the administration carried
the Federal party to its highest pitch of
popularity. The fortunes of the Republi
can party bade fair to be utterly over
whelmed. All classes clamored tor wip
ing out in blood the indignity which had
been put upon the nation. "Millions for
defense; not one cent for tribute!" runjr
through the length and breadth of tha
land. For nearly a year war upon tha
seas actually existed, but no formal dec
laration of war was made by either party
to the quarrel. There can be little doubt
that but for the coolness and good judg
ment cf the President the two peoples
would have speedily become involved in
serious and bloody strife. But Mr. Adams
met with ready cordiality the first sign
of the rise of a conciliatory temper on the
part of the offending power. A new Min
ister and Commissioners were sent over
to adjust matters. They found Napoleon
as First Consul at the head of the Govern
ment, the Directory superseded and those
in power ready for an amicable settle
ment. President Adams assumed the re
sponsibility cf concluding a treaty of
peace. But to the excited, warlike tem
per of his countrymen this wisdom ami
moderation seemed weaknt-ss and pusil
lanimity and were made the ground of
renewed opposition to the Federal party.
The Federalists who favored the war
were also offended. The President stead
ily lost popularity and hi 3 re-electioa be
came Impossible.
Causes of the Decline of tho Federal-
ist Party.
Tho fall of the Federal party from
power now became Inevitable. Various
causes contributed, alon? with the di
verse views as to foreign affairs, to ac
celerate its downfall. There were dissen
sions and jealousies within the party,
and Cabinet counsels were divided. Sorri«
of the President's personal qualities of
fended and repelled those who might
have been his friends. His temper was
cold and somewhat suspicious, and ho
was thought to have an overweening
sense of his own official dignity and im
portance. Especially were the principal
acts of the administration calculated to
discredit the party. A stamp act impos
ing a duty upon stamped paper and vel
lum; a naturalization bill requiring four
teen, yeara' residence instead of five; an
act increasing army and navy: certain
direct taxes and public loans— all these
were odious to the people-. But above
all did the alien and sedition acts of 170?
arouse an Indignant and powerful popu
lar opposition.
The alien act authorized the President
to remove from the country "such aliens
born, not entitled by the constitution and,
laws to the rights of citizenship, as may
be dangerous to Its peace and safety." In
spite of the resistance of influential
statesmen, headed by Albert Gallatln. to
this drastic and uncalled-for measure. th«
bill was passed, limited in its operation
to two years. Though It was never en
forced. It still- worked its disintegrating
effects upon the party originating it.
The sedition act was even more obnox
ious. It made it a crime punishable with
fine and Imprisonment for persons to com
bine to oppose measures of the Govern-
AN EARLY REVENUE STAMP. *
-:. ¦¦ 4
ment, to intimidate any officeholder, to
publish libels upon the Government or tha
President or the houses of Congress, or
to excite against them any unlawful op
position, etc. The main object of this act
was understood to be to suppress the Re
publican Journals and silence their lead
ing writers. By it the Federal Govern
ment instead of the individual States^ —
each within Its own boundaries — was mada
the regulator of the press. The bill wa3
carried against the opposition of tha
ablest of the Federal leaders of the day.
Alexander Hamilton and John Marshall.
The force of the sedition act was to ex
pire in ISOI. and it was at once put into
operation. That it should actually be en
forced, that the press should be muzzled
and free speech denied, aroused such bit
ter animosity toward the party promul
sating such tyrannical, such iniquitous
measures as alone insured its speedy re
moval from power. Even more serious
results seemed to threaten. Many of tho
Republicans believed the Federalists to
be using the power of the National Gov
ernment to destroy the sacred rights of
the people, and the question of the with
drawal of certain States from the Union
was actually discussed. Jefferson, how
ever, believed that a remedy lay rather
in an appeal to the people through the
State Legislatures. Two such assemblies
—the Legislatures of Kentucky and Vir
ginia—introduced resolutions setting forth
the view that the constitution was a com
pact to which the States were parties, and
that "each party has an equal right to
judge for Itself as well of Infractions as
of th© mode and measures of redress."
The dangerous statutes passed by tha
Federalists were declared by th© Ken
tucky resolutions — which were drawn bjr
Jefferson himself — "void and of no effect,
while the other States were urgred to>
unite in presenting a protest to Congress.
A second series of resolutions passed by
the Kentucky Lepislaturc In 1733 went
further and declared "nullification • • •
the rightful remedy."
An important constitutional doctrlno
wan set forth in these Virginia and Ken
tucky resolutions, but they were particu
larly designed to direct attention to tha
alarming of Federalist legislation
and to influence the approaching: Presi
dential election. That election now drew
on. The coolness between Adams and
Hamilton had become hatred, and, in
volving their supporters, led to an open
breach which divided the Federal party
into two Irreconcilable factions. The Re
publicans were united in their hostility
to the home policy of the party in power,
and they possessed In Aaron Burr one or
the most astute as well as the most un
scrupulous of political schemers. Burr
had made himself in New York (already
a "pivotal" State) the leader of the popu
lar forces as against the aristocratic and
family interests which had hitherto domi
nated the State. His skillful manipula
tion of the spring elections resulted in
the choice of a Republican majority for
the State Legislature, which would choosa
Presidential electors In the autumn.
JESSE MACY.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
TO- JJ f Story
MGHT, To-day.
Ey Clay M. Gnwne and Joseph R. Grlsmer,
TheNEWSOUTH
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
ITE2CT WEEK-
The Sensational Farce.
••NEV/ER AGAIN."
CANAL TREATY
IS CERTAIN TO
BE RATIFIED
Its Advocates Already Have
Almost a Two-Thirds
Majority.
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. "WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.—
The Hay-Pauncefote treaty will be rati
fied. There's no doubt about that. A can
vass of the Senate shows that the advo
cates of the treaty fall only three or four
votes short of the required two thirds,
and President McKinley may be trusted
to win over as many as are needed to
give effect to the treaty.
If the treaty, providing: as It does for
an unfortified neutral canal, can be rati
fied, it follows that the Senate will modify
the canal bill now before It so as to con
form in this respect. But advocates of an
"exclusively American canal" in tho Sen
ate will cause delay. Meanwhile .the
House will assuredly pass the bill as it
stands, providing for fortifications, and
therefore an appointment of conferees
will be necessary, and the present temper
of the House indicates that it wllljclintf
very tenaciously to the Idea of erecting
fortifications on the waterway.
Before the bill can come up for consid
eration at all, however, there will be ure
liminary delay. It has ben reported by
committees of both houses, and Repre
sentative Hepburn, who has charge of it
in the lower house, has asked the Com
mittee on Rules to fix a date. This com
mittee is favorable to the bill, but will
not take any action until the Porto Rlcan
measure is disposed of, which experienced
observers think will be in about two
weeks. The House, it is conceded, will
pass the bill as it stands, regardless of
the treaty. Meanwhile the Senate Is oc
cupied with the Hawaiian discussion. This
should terminate to-morrow, but Senator
Morgan will not attempt to force the
canal matter to the front until after the
bill for the government of Porto Rico,
reported by Senator Foraker's committee,
shall be disposed of. The intensity of
feeling on this auestion and tne traditions
of Senatorial debate make it certain that
this will be a protracted discussion.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
AMERICAN POLITICS: FEDERALIST PARTY.
¦ Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton. -r
AmERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
61 per Year.
Work of Canal Commission.
SAN JUAN DEL SUR,*; Nicaragua, Feb.
25.— The United States Canal Commission,
after having conferred for several days
with President Zelaya.r left to-day for
Panama, via Corinto. AH the members
are well. ' » utri-^
Silver Forces Units
BL.ACKFOOT. Idaho; Feb. ; 25.— The
Democratic, Silver-Republican and Popu
list committees met at Idaho Falls yes
terday and declared for a union of all sil
ver forces in the State. .
Boys' school Shoes, worth $2, for only
90c a pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Market
street, near Third. •
ARKANSAS PRIMARIES.
Anti •Expansionist Berry Carries Two
Counties.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.:v Feb. 23.— Three
counties held Democratic primary elec
tions yesterday on the United States Sen
atorship. Senator Berry, who Is an ar
dent anti-expansionist, and Governor Dan
\W Jones, an avowed expansionist, are
the opposing: candidates. : .Reports from
Crawford -and' Johnson counties Indicate
that both were carried by .'Berry. In Pope
County the .vote appears to be close.
Jones' friends claim he has carried It.
Prominent Physician Dead.
¦ CHICAGO, Feb. 25.— Dr. A. "W. Wright,
aged 74 years, of Buffalo," NVY., Is dead at
St. Joseph's Hospital in Chicago.. He'ar
rlved here Thursday to, consult about his
illness. Dr. Wright was one of the fore
most homeopathic physicians of America .
In 1593 he was , chosen president of the
American- Institute of Homeopaths.
Rev. Edward Lorenz Passes Away.
DAYTON, Ohio; Feb.: 2s.— Rev. Edward
Lorenz, editor of ;the';German;periodir.als
of -the /United Brethren Church ; and for
merly a prominent minister in that de
nomination: is dead. He had charge of
the missionary work In Germany for a
number ¦of years '^SS9SBX^WHKfifJ>m
TROPHY BRONZE CANNONS
FOR GOLDEN GATE PARK
Ordnance Department Authorized to
Loan to This City Two Big Guns
Captured at Manila, '"'-'v . ~
Special Dispatch to The Call. •¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The Secretary
of the Navy to-day notified Representa
tive Kahn that he had authorized the
Ordnance Department to loan two trophy
bronze cannons, captured at Manila and
now at the ilare Island navy yard, to > the
city of San Francisco to be placed in
Golden Gate Park. Park Commissioner
Lloyd will be allowed to select them.
A New Deal.
Tha well-known Westerfeld'a bakery and
restaurant, 1035 Market st., is now under en
tirely new management everything up-to-date.*
MECHANICS' PAVILION
NO2RIS & ROWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
I*3 DAYS 16
Commencing SATURDAY. M^rch 3d.
Performances 2:20 and 8 p. m. Dally.
Tremendous Spectacular Street Carnival and
Illuminated Parade Friday Night,
March -2, at 8 o'clock.
300 Performing Animals. 3(K); Amusing Troupes
of Performing Does; (Jreat Companies of Edu-
cated Shetland Tonles; Monkeys in curious and
fantastic earb. producing the most laughable
imitations: Performing Zebras; Splendidly
Trained Elephant*; Exciting Chariot. Tandem
and Greyhound Races; Only Trained Zebu. The
Greatest Con-ress of Trained and Educated
Animals in the World. Don't Miss the Parade
Friday Nleht. Prices— Adults. !3c; Children. We.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
February 26 to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. WeUnesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more raeea each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boat» l^ave San Francisco at 12 m. and
i::S0, 1. li3o, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles Bind their escort*; no smoking;. Buy your
ferry tickets to fchell Mour.d. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland.- These electric cars
go direct to the track in. fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILR.OY, Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
"HOOT MON, I'LL CAPTURE YOU, SURE!"
TONIGHT BREAKS ALL RECORDS.
FIFTIETH PERFORMANCE
Of the laush-maklng- comic opera.
SOUVENIR PROGRAMS TO
ALL TO-NIGHT.
DON'T FORGET THE. SATURDAY MATI-
. NEE.
POPULAR PRICES— 2«~c and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Bush 9.
WATER SUPPLY FOR
SOUTHERN ORCHARDISTS
E. S. Babcock Offers the Water
Stored in the Lower Otay
Reservoir.
Special IMspatch'to The. Call..
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 25.— E. S. Babcock,
the president. of the. Southern California
Mountain Water Company," has made a
most" liberal offer to the people of Chula
Vista and National City, who fear that if
more rain doea not come. to nil the Sweet
water reservoir -their orans© orchards
will be in danger. -, -
• The Mountain Water Company has Jn
the Lower Otay reservoir about 590.000.000
gallons of water, almost .three-quarters
of all the -water that the orchards will
need this year. : The water company has
no use for thewater in the reservoir, as
its system 13 not completed, and Mr. Bab
cock has offered the-orchardlsts the en
tire supply. It will cost only $15,000 to
build a flume from the reservoir to- a
flume whence the water can be used, and
if the supply will! save theorchards the
water will be worth a million. dollars to
the orange-growers.
Never Mind the Distance.
It's only a block from Market, and
many a dollar saved by buying carpets of
the best quality and medium grades at
little prices that "will surprise you. Indi
anapolis Furniture Co.. 750 Mission st. •
Beg. TO-NIGHT,
FOX AN ENGAGEMENT LIMITED TO TWO
WEEKS,
DENMAN THOMPSON
AND an Entirely New Production of
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
T F" ' * Ir - Thompson will positively ap-
H\J k L-.- ?far during thi* «>ngar»ment (for
the first time in over twelve years.), pre-
K-;ir:f j.;s criminal creation of Joshua Whit-
camlt.
mttivm Gillette's "BECAUSE SEE LO7ED HIM £0"
A COMEDY mLL OF UN-
UfeUAL MERIT.
FRANKS TRIO. In an unequaled acrobatic
comedy act; TROVOLLO. the whole thing in
vprtriloquiem: PASSPARTS. Italy* Dancing
Wonders; PAULINE MORAS* and her Plck-
ETiinriles; KATHRTX OSTERMAN AND
COMPANY. CUSUXAX. HOLOOMBE AND
CURTIS. HARRIS AND FIELDS. DE WITT
AND BURNS. AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats-. 2>; balcony, 10c; opera
chair? and box s«>a'.s, iOc
Matinwi Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
A MARKED IMPRESSION. INSTANTANE
OU.S HIT OF
The Eminent Australian Actor,
mr. h. r. Roberts.
Ar.fl MAGGIE MOORE'S AUSTRALIAN COM-
PANT in
"THE SILENCE OF DEAN MftITLAND."
The Most Perfect Performance in Years.
Only cne more performance cf this play, to-
morrow- (Tuesday).
Wednes.lay. Thursday. Friday and Saturday
r.iphts and Saturday matinee.
MAGGIE MOORE'S REAPPEARANCE
Jn Robertsons Famous Musical Irish Comedy,
"MtfS. Q-^INN'S TWINS.'!
Next Sunday afternoon, tfce great play,
"Tl A D X.' fo-r PT'CCI 1 ••
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL
(Preliminary to th» Concerts at the California
Theater.) /
Six Explanatory Recitals at the Piano
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
Cn<Jer the Direction of C. L. GRAPT.
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS
At I! O'clock in the Morning.
Men. Mar. B "DAS RHEINGOLD"
Wedr.esday. March 7 "DIE TTALKURE"
Faturday. March 10 "SIEGFRIED"
Monday. March 12..."GOTTERDAMMERUNG"
Tl><«nes<!ay, March U "PARSIFAL,"
Faturday, Mar. 17. ."TRISTAN AND ISOLDE 1 '
PubscripUcn tickets for the series J« 00
Reserved seats for sing-le performances $1 50
Fea«r>n sale of eeats OPENS TO-MORROW
'TUESDAY). February Z7. at Sherman. Clay
* Co.?. at 9 o'clock.
fa> o* tickets for single performances opens
OB THURSDAY MORNING. March 1. at S
O Cork.
Free I^lst Suspended Without Exception.
STEINWAY PIANO USED
I.—THE FEDERALIST PARTY.
(Continued.)
International Relations.
Foreign affairs were prominent In party
controversy from the first year of Wash
ington's first term of office, which was
also' the flrst year of the French revolu
tion. In the course of a few years nearly
all Europe had been drawn Into the con
flict. England and France were at war.
The revolutionists, influenced as they had
been by the successful example of the
United States in resistance to tyranny,
looked to us for sympathy and support
in their own struggle. Jefferson and many
of the Republicans were inclined to con
cede the rightfulness of the claim, in spite
of the horrible excessas which marked the
progress of the revolution. The federal
ists, as the party of law and order, and
the representatives of established govern
ment,'gave their sympathies to England,
and deprecated the lawlessness and vio
lence perpetrated in France In the name
of liberty.* 'Washington and his Cabinet,
which included Jefferson, agreed In the
expediency of the neutrality proclamation
issued in 1793. There was still a strong
feeling throughout the country in favor
of France. Party spirit ran high, and
much bitter feeling was generated. The
party in power seemed on the point of
precipitating war with France, while the
Republicans advocated measures which
would have been certain to' embroil us
with England. Secret organizations called
Democratic societies, modeled after the
Jacobin clubs of Paris, were formed by
members of the Republican party, and
coincident with their rise a new French
Minister, "Citizen Genet,", arrived in the
United States. Instead of proceeding to
Philadelphia to present his credentials,
Genet landed in Charleston, S. C. and,
not doubting that the American people
were in full sympathy with the new Gov
ernment In France, at once busied himself
with enlisting men and commissioning
privateers.
Ships were captured In American waters
and brought Into American ports for con
demnation. The young French Minister
carried himself as If America were only
outlying French territory, and his Amer
ican sympathizers responded with aston
ishing enthusiasm. The Democratic clubs
multiplied rapidly, and Genet advanced
toward the capital attended by the lauda
tions of admiring multitudes. Arrived at
Philadelphia, he encountered a different
spirit. The moderation and firmness of
Washington and his Cabinet, the recent
proclamation of neutrality and the whole
temper of the Federal party proved Insur
mountable obstacles to the continuance of
the career upon which he had entered In
so unseemly and undiplomatic a manner.
Unable to Influence the administration, he
persisted, in spite of the remonstrances of
our Government, in fitting out and send
ing to sea still another privateer, and he
determined to make a public appeal to the
citizens of the United States to disown
and override the acts of their President.
Our Government could not but ask for his
recall, and happily it was granted. Genet's
brief term of service worked, after all.
disaster to his cause. A reaction set In;
the excitement having cooled, the people
resented the Insult to their national Gov
ernment, and the leaders of opinion
showed that they were deeply offended.
A marked change in the drift of sentiment
appeared, away from France and toward
England. The Democratic societies grad
ually lost both popularity and Influence,
and the fall of Robespierre in Paris in
1704 accelerated their decline.
The Whisky. Rebellion.
The societies had in the meantime lent
their aid In support of the rebellious re
sistance In Southwestern Pennsylvania to
the excise act of 1791. This is known in
history as the "Whisky Rebellion," ard
was a violent opposition to the enforce
ment of the revenue laws. It was forci
bly-suppressed by the militia of several
neighboring States called out by the Pres
ident. The outcome made It apparent to
all that the new National Government
had both the determination and the mili
tary power to put down any Insurrection
likely to arise, while Washington's criti
cism In his message upon the episode, of
certain "self-created" societies as having
"disseminated suspicions, -jealousies and
accusations of the whole Government,"
still further discredited the Democratic
clubs, already losing their hold upon the
people. They steadily continued to de
cline and soon died out. *
Administration of John Adams.
At this juncture the firm hand and wise
head of Washington were withdrawn from
the conduct of our national tUTalrs. He
declined absolutely to be for a third time
a candidate for the Presidency, and In
1796 a hotly contested election resulted In
the choice of John Adams, Federalist,
over Thomas Jefferson, Republican. Ac
cording to a constitutional provision then
in force but since altered, Jefferson, hav
ing, after Adams, received the largest
number of electoral votes, became Vice
President.
c The new President, having been elected
by a small majority, came into power un
der unfavorable conditions. His first act
was to call a special session of Congress
to consider our relations with France.
The country was in an excited state.
Great Britain had pursued a course most
exasperating to the. Americans. She had
failed to fulfill the provisions of the treaty
of 1783; she was believed to have secretly
aided hostile Indians; she had seized
American ships and Impressed American
seamen Into the British service. It would
have been easy . to- plunge the two na
tions Into renewed conflict. The Federal
ists had been prevented by the opposi
tion from equipping a navy adequate to
the protection of our commerce, and a
palliative policy seemed the only possi
ble one in view of the weakness of the
infant nation. Washington's special en
voy, John Jay, had succeeded In 1795 In
arranging a treaty not, indeed, entirely
satisfactory to his own people, but which
under the Influence of the President'!*
calm, convincing persuasion was accepted
in place of the only other- alternative
war. But It had made the Federal party
unpopular. Hamilton was stoned upon
the street and Washington himself waa
treated with shameful abuse.
During the whole of the administration
of President Adams, the question of our
relations with France - actively engaged
the attention of the country. As a re
sult of French resentment of the Jay
treaty diplomatic intercourse with the
United States was suspended and various
unfriendly acts perpetrated. American
envoys sent to Paris for conference with
the French Government were even ap*
proached by secret emissaries of Prince
Talleyrand, who offered to put an end to
outrages upon American ships and to set
tle all matters In dispute on the payment
of a large sum of money to certain mem
bers of the French Government. Reply-
THE biggest new thing in the Cali
fornia mining field is the scheme of
the California Debris Commission
for impounding debris In the Yuba
River at a cost of 5500.000.
It is a n^>vel scheme, interesting
In its every phase. It- has been waited
for. since lS93.*and $500,000 of State and
Federal money has been available for it
since 1596. This first solution of the big
old problem of keeping the wash of the
mountains back in the hills where it be
longs has not been hastily jumped at. It
has ' been worked out of a tremendous
amount of sttidy, hole-digging 6and
thought. It has been supposed for some
years that there -wore to be big and high
rock dams to h6ld in check the debris
still working dovnward and people have
been quite sure that one would be built at
either Daguerre Point or the Narrows on
the Yuba above Marysville. Long inves
tigation showed these to be too costly and
difficult to be practicable, and so the
"project of 1593" has been conceived and
worked out and been approved by Chief
of Engineers Wilson.
"The project as submitted Is novel, since
nothing of the kind, so far as known, has
ever been attempted," say the Federal en
gineers In their report.
And it is new. Rivers have been
dammed, changed and otherwise regulat
ed in all manner of ways and the engi
neering world is rich in data and experi
ence of this order, but it has been the
water that has been considered before.
The problem and method of governing
vast quantities of eroded detritus in tor
rential streams has no precedents. About
the only former attempt in this line was
on the headwaters of the Rhine, where
denudation and soil cultivation made sim
ilar trouble lor Swiss and Austrian peas
ants.
So the Yuba presented an original prob
lem, and it has been worked out, mainly
by Assistant Engineer Hubert Vischer, In
an original way. The Yuba is a remark
able mountain stream "and deserves origi
nal treatment. It is like the other tor
rential streams of the * Sierra Nevadas,
only more su. It drains a large area of
eteep slopes and high' snow fields and it
dances down an exceptionally steep
grade, through deep gorges it has dug. In
its flood times it is a buolime torrent. In
narrow canyons it pours its waters fifty
to eighty feet deep, the rushing flood pil
ing several feet higher In the center and
tossing pine trees like straws. If its vol
umo then and the average altitude of,
say, SuOO feet, from which its waters fall,
be taken, it will be found almost to gen
erate the power of Niagara Falls. Its ra
diating headwaters drain Nevada and
Sierra counties, and there is in its water
shed an auriferous gravel which the hy
draulic miners of the past sluiced away
on such a stupendous scale. These tail
ings the Yuba gathered and rushed down
the slope witn its floods, and so it came
that "the Yuba carried to the valley more
detritus than all the other tributaries of
the Sacramento combined.
When it gets to the Narrows, some
thirty miles a^oye and east of Marysville,
it reaches the foothill region and slows
up to flow more circumspectly through
Its fruitful valley and nankins hills, in
this foothill stretch it laid down most of
Its burden of coarse material and sprad
dled out all over it. In burying its own
bed it climbed up here ten and there fifty
feet. It went on to the more level valley
with great quantities of fine sediment, or
"slickens." ana it gently laid it wherever
it could. Its raised bed kept workinj: on
to Marysville and the Feather. Mhey
built hign levees for miles to keep it with
in bounds, and between these levees,
which are in places three miles apart, it
wanders constantly, changing its channel
frequently. From the Narrows to Marys
ville is a big waste of gravel through
which the river wanders, out much of it
Is overgrown with wllldws and other veg
etation which is gradually making rich
soil out of the slicKens covered alluvium.
The engineering problem and purpose
is to stay forever where they are tne oulk
of the debris through which the river
flows below tho Narrows, to arrest in
Its course all new material brought down,
including the fine sediment, and to assist
the Yuba to make a new and permanent
channel and allow the flanking wastes to
be reclaimed. The miners want dams be
hind which they may resume mining, but
this is left to the future and is not con
templated in the present restraining
scheme.
The coarse material is to be held by
long and comparatively low dams at dif
ferent points and the plans for them are
interesting from an engineering view. The
most novel .feature Is that, to take the
fine sediment out of the water. There is
to be a settling basin three miles long
into which the river will all flow at or
dinary stages. If the water poured out
in a stream at the lower end the currents
would "'•event much settling. So Mr.
Vischer has devised a scheme to make the
water percolate through eight pyramidal
structures of logs, planks, cement and
cracks. The water will flow through a
great number of half-inch or less slits
from all sides of the pyramids, which
have 70-foot bases and are strung across
the basin. The flow can be regulated and
currents are avoided. This basin is cal
culated to hold 14,000,000 cubic yards of
fine sediment. The basin can be enlarged
to hold 50,000,000 cubic yards more. The
Yuba will be clean when it gets to Marys
ville.' Watera have been cleaned before,
but it has always been on account of the
water.' So this torrential mountain
stream, which has always had Its own
rapid and wayward way, will have to ac
tually stop and leak out Into the Sacra
mento Valley.
The plan Includes parallel leveelike
structures below, which will confine the
stream and help it dig a straight and reg
ular course clear to the Feather. The
scheme Is also a huge concentrator, which
separates coarse and fine material and
automatically cares for each.
The report of the commission outlines
the plan and is accompanied by many
maps and drawings and a detailed report
by Mr. Vischer containing 30,000 words.
It will soon be published. After review
ing the earlier projects for masonry dams
the report says:
"The latter project has for Its primary
object the storage of mining debris within
the bed of the Yuba River by a system
of works designed to separate the coarse
material from the fine; and for a second
ary object the controlling of the low
water channel within narrower and well
defined limits In order to preserve In place
the extensive deposits In the river below,
the general scheme being to erect several
barriers across the bed of thf river, the
upper ones to be -located about three
miles east of the mouth of Dry Creek,
known as barriers No. 1 and No. 2 re
spectively: another to be situated just be
low the mouth of Dry Creek, marked on
the 'map as a 1 flood overflow barrier; an
other to be placed at Daguerre Point, In
dicated as the Daguerre barrier; also to
form a settling basin about three miles
in length and one-half mile in width on
the. south side of the river, this settling
basin to consist of a levee protected
against wash, to be built in the bed of the
river, with its upper and lower ends con
necting with the existing levee and shore
ctii the south bank, these end walls to
have inlet and outlet weirs and conauits
to regulate the Inflow and outflow of river
waters and to cause the finer material
carried in suspension to be deposited and
held in the settling basin, through which
at all except extreme flood stages the
river will be compelled to flow, and below
this basin to confine -the river channel
within well defined lines by necessary
training works." - ...
The two upper barriers are to be about
1(JOO feet long, of .brush, gravel, cobbles,
piling and masonry, and may raise the de
posits .behind them forty feet, showing
3C.0fi0.000 cubic yards at a cost of seven
tenths, of a cent per yard. The overflow
barrier Is to me 4000 feet long, and that
at Daguerro Point 3000 feet by fourteen
feet hitrh. The nolnt.wlll be cut through
to' rectify the flow and share the flood
overflow. The scheme has many interest-
Ins: details. . , ...;•¦¦
, The project as submitted is novel, since
nothing of the kJndr so far ag known, has
ever, been attempted, and It is to a certain
extent experimental, says the report.
"The various structures are simple, and
are believed- to be safe.- practicable and
reasonably permanent. They can be re
paired if required, and if abandoned, not
maintained or never completed cannot
leave the river in worse shape than at
present. If constructed, itJs believed they
are caoable of storing the debris now in
Yuba River and its tributaries, which Is
far In excess of that in'all the other trib
utaries of the Sacramento River. The
result of this storage cannot be otherwise
than beneficial to the navigation and com
mercial interests of the Sacramento and
Feather rivers."
A significant feature of tne report of in
terest to the miners is this:
"Especial attention is invited to the fact
that the object sought to be accomplished
is the storage of the detritus now in the
Yuba and its tributaries with a view to
the improvement of the rivers below, and
decidedly not with the view of permitting
unlicensed or indiscriminate mining at lo
caltics above the Impounding works.
When the works have been completed and
in operation for several years, there 'will
be time and opportunity to determine
whether or not the system Is capable of
sufficient expansion to warrant an at
tempt at storing therein the tailings from
the hydraulic mines without compelling
each mine to impound any or all of its
debris. The commission believes the pro
ject practicable and worthy of adoption,
and so recommends. It is the only one
thus far evolved which gives reasonable
hope of success and at a very moderate
cost for storage."
Mr. Vischer has been ably serving the
commission for several years in the es
pecial field created by the Caminettl law,
dividing- his time between inspecting hy
draulic mines and working out the debris
problem. In the latter effort he has made
a great number of surveys and borings,
and knows the problem as no one else
does now. While his work has been Un
der the constant direction of Colonel
Mansfield, Major Heuer and Lieutenant
Deakyn, who have had all the other Gov
ernment engineering work of the coast In
their hands, he is the one who has done
the hard work, for which the report
gives him credit by saying:
"Mr. Vischer's labor, thought and skill
in working up a project of such unusual
character and scope merits our highest
appreciation and is worthy of every com
mendation." .
In his long report Mr. Vlscher deals
with "the forces that have run riot with
in the boundaries named," and gives a
full account of the conditions. He con
cludes with this summary, of. the new
project:
"1. It is a project of slow development:
it does not expend any considerable
amount of money in advance of results;
it affords time to acquire experience as
work progresses, and in no instance are
structuree so located as not to make al
terations practicable. It husbands the in
terest account.
"2. It calls for no works of a daring or
experimental type. There are few por
tions which if constructed or partially
completed would not produce benefit and
be separately operative, even in after
ward neglected, and it does not so store
material that the conditions would be
worse, should the structures be destroyed,
than If they had never existed.
"3. It is remedial and beneficial, creates
lands and damages none, and aims to
bring about order where there is now no
order."
Not much land will be required. The
commission will proceed to carry out the
project as soon as permission is Riven,
and is ready to proceed with the $500.<>00
now available without waiting for the ad
ditional $300,000. Several technical ques
tions of legality in connection with the
joint use of the State and Federal appro
priations must be settled, but no serious
obstacles are anticipated.
The debris problems of the Feather,
Bear and other streams are thus rele
prated to the future. So is the matter of
direct assistance to the hydraulic miner.
Each hydraulic miner on the Yuba must
still impound his tailings. But something
has been decided, and the California
Miners' Association, which secured the
money and waited long to see it spent,
may now decide on a new programme.
J. O. DENNY.
AN INTERESTING LETTER.
Everybody enjoys a good letter; and
when it is entertaining, instructive and
"breezy" It puts the recipient in an agree-
able frame of mind. Scores of lettcr3
similar to the subjoined are received by
Warner's Safe Cure Co.. of Rochester, N.
V., and they respectfully request you to
read this. Our word for It, you will not
regret it-
"In ISSI I was told by two of the best
physicians in Boston, Dr. W and Dr.
B , that I could not expect to live a
year: that I had Brlght's Disease. At
that time I heard of a man who was sup-
posed to have been at death's door and
was stopping 1 , or dying, at tho Common-
wealth Hotel (now the Langham) at the
south end of Boston. His wife, In read-
Ing to him, came across a Warner adver-
tisement and got a bottle of the Safe
Cure. Her husband commenced to take
the medicine, saying nothing to his doc-
tor until after two or three weeks. His
water commenced to show signs of Im-
provement and the man was able to get
up and walk about. When he found that
he was really getting: better, he told the
doctor what he had done and dismissed
him. continuing the medicine, and in three
months this dying man was about his
usual duties, those of an expressman,, and
was finally cured. On the strength of this
cure I got a bottle ana dropped all other
medicines. My doctors sent me to Kan-
sas as a good place to go, out of their
Jurisdiction, and to die. They gave my
wife medicine to carry, enough to last me
until 1 should die. and which I left at
home. I carried one . dozen bottles of
Warner's Safe Cure, and went to a small
place near Junction City, where I had a
cousin who is a physician. 1 had him ex-
amine my water every day, and after a
week he found Improvement, and hon-
estly acknowledged that I was on the
road to recovery. Ana I did recover, al-
though It took a long time, because I was
badly oft, and I took over one hundred
bottles In the course of a year and a half
or two years. These facts can be proved
by any one who knew me then, and I will
willingly write to any one who may de-
sire to know from me directly and give
them a history of my case. Very truly
yours, H. F. HOSMER.
"Newbury, N. H., Sunapee Lake."
Medical advice free. Address Warner's Safe
Cure Co.. Rochester. N. Y. Microscopical ex-
aminations on application.
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
WEEKS OF MARCH 5 AND 12.
SIX GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ON THE
WA6NER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
MADAME GADSKI,
Prima Donna.
MR, DAVID BISPHAM,
Barjtone.
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH,
Composer and Conductor.
X~nAf-T the Direction of Mr. *". L.. GRAFF.
RnPERTOIRE OF FIRST WEEK.
TUffcay afternoon, March 6, at 2:15
.^ ••TANNHAUSER"
Thursday afternoon, March S. at 2:15
_ "THE FLYING DUTCHMAN"
Friday afternoon. March P. at 2:15
-DIE MKISTERSI.VGER"
Second Wwk- Evenings of March U, 13. 14.
Fubrcrirtion tickets for the entire series of
*ix concerts, *"0, H2. 115. Tickets for single
r*rformrnco«. Tsc. $1.00, Ji.so. $2.00. $2."i0. J3.00.
Peaj<on cale of seat* open? TO-MORROW
'TUESDAY* MORNING, at the box office of
the California. Theater, at S o'clock.
Fa> <<t tickets for single performance* will
open Thursday Mornir.R. March 1. at S o'clock.
Free UM Suspended. Without Exception.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
BIG AND NOVEL PLAN
TO TAME YUBA'S FLOW
How Uncle Sam Will Make the Fierce Little
Stream Give Up Its Dirty Plunder, Leak
- i Into the Valley and Be Clean. .
WARNER'S RSMEDISS.
AMUSEMENTS.
BATTLESHIP IOWA
PUT THE TERESA
OUT OF ACTION
Spanish . Cruisers Captain
Reviews the Battle of
Santiago.
Declares Admiral Sampson Might
Have Prevented the Sinking of
the Cristobal Colon After
WASHINGTON,- Feb. 25.— The Bureau
of Naval Intelligence has Issued a fresh
volume of its war notes series, and prob
ably the last of them, which will bear on
the battle of Santiago harbor. The pres
ent publication is a translation from the
Spanish by Captain Victor M. Concas y
Palu, former commander of the cruiser
Infanta Maria Teresa and chief of staff
to Admiral Cervera In the battle of
July 3. i ; : •
The narrative begins with the exodus of
the devoted squadron from Santiago har
bor. Captain Concas says, in accordance
with previous instructions, the Teresa
headed toward the Brooklyn, hoping to
ram her. This was frustrated by the
Brooklyn's frequently discussed "loop" to
starboard, which Concas says "brought
the lowa and the Texas between her and
Captain Concas. In telling of the suc
cessful sinking of the Teresa and the
other vessels of the squadron, dwells
strongly on a point which he declares an
other critics have overlooked— namely,
that of owing to the narrow and^ tor
tuous channel past the Morro the fapan
lsh vessels had to come out so far apart
that they were each attacked by the com
bined force of the American squadron and
destroyed in detail, making it practically
a series of combats, each time a. ship
against a squadron. He calls attention
also to the probability that the American
estimate of 3 per cent of hits out of shots
aimed at Cervera's fleet is too low. He
says the most horrible mortality in every
case was in the upper works, where the
shots left no marks except thoso wiped
out by the fire. He says 6 per cent of hits
probably would not be too high.
He credits the lowa with landing the
two 12 or 13 Inch shells which burst the
Teresa's main steam pipe and put her out
of the action when her commander had
a fair chance to escape. The shots, he
says, have been claimed both by the Ore
gon and the Indiana, but he adduces con
siderable evidence that they came from
the lowa. Another peculiar incident
brought out in the narrative and a strik
ing example of Yankee luck was that the
Oregon, in pursuit of the Colon, remained
unconsciously in the "dead angle" be
tween the only guns on the Colon power
ful enough to reach her. The Colon, it
will be remembered, did not have her
big thirty-ton guns, and in the long, stern
chase the Oregon happened always to
keep just on the spot where the upper
deck guna could not be trained on her,
and the Colon could not fire without heav
ing to and losing valuable time. The au
thor indignantly denies that the Colon
was wrecked by her crew after she had
surrendered. He says she was run ashore
and her sea valves opened before her flag
was hauled down. Regarding this Inci
dent the writer says:
The Cristobal Colon was less fortunate than
any of the others, for although going at a
speed of thirteen knots she ran ashore on sand,
and If Admiral Sampson, with a more seaman
like spirit, had ordered the divers to close, the
valves fes could most certainly have saved the
cruiser but with feverish impatience he towed
her off with his own flagship, the New York.
Hardly had the ship been floated when she
began to list, at which moment, with great
dexterity he pushed the Colon back again with
the ram' of his own ship toward the sandy
shoal but it was too late. and. turning over,
that noble and 111-fated cruiser went to the
bottom of the sea forever. The few Americans
and Spaniards who were still on board hastily
saved themselves.
Speaking- of the nature of the wounds
Inflicted by modern naval shell fire. Cap
tain Concas declares them more horrible
than can be described. A boatswain of
the Teresa had four wounds. None of the
men inlured at alt escaped with less than
two. Many, he says, were blown Into
unrecognizable fragments. Captain Lar
zaza of the Oquendo was killed, his exe
cutive officer. Lola, cut In two by a
shell- the third officer, Matos, and the
three lieutenants next In rank all killed,
besides 121 men of the crew. The total
mortality In the fleet reached the awful
figure of 22 per cent of the men enpagred.
In closing the account of the battle the
author says:
We could never complete this chapter tf we
were to relate the Innumerable acts of courage,
but I cannot do less than to mention one which
I raw with my own eyes. The Maria Teresa
had already been abandoned, the flames mount
ing up to the .height of the funnels and pro
jectiles exploding on all sides, and when
everybody thought that no living soul was left
on the ship suddenly a man appeared there
calling for, help. Instantly Jose Sasado cried.
"I will not let that man die!" and threw him
self into the water. He climbed up the blood
sfalned sides of the ship, seized the man, car
ried him down on his shoulders, Rnd swim
miriK with him to the shore, laid his burden
on tho beach. It waa hardly possible to believe
that that shapeless form was a man with four
teen woiiads. who must have been left on board
as dead. ' . - • ' - '
THE &AN FRAXGISCO GALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
RENOVATION SALE !
WE WAXT YOU TO TRY THE TEERLESS
HEINE,
of which THOUSANDS have been sold within
the oast ten years.
AH leading artists such as F. Zech, Mrs. Car-
mlchael Cnrr. Miss Ada. Wieple, Miss Alice Ba-
con Gustave Hinrichs and many others, who,
after thoroughly testing the piano, give it
the highest jx'Sblble praise.
It will cost you nothing for th« use of a piano,
while testing It in your own house.
Positively fifty pianos must ko out by
Wednesday, as we are remodeling our entire
¦warerooms and would otherwise have to store
our pianos at a great expense did we not make
this offer.
A few bargains are: The world's most famous
Mason & Hamlin, Steinway. also Vose & Son's,
Knabes. Steck, Sommeri", Chickeringrs. Heines.
Rus?ells. Straube and three small uprights for
J4B. $63 and JB5.
Store open every eveninir till 10 o'clock.
Remember this offer holds good until Tuesday
night.
PIANO MANUFACTURING CO., 136 Ellis Bt
vis;t OR, JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM 9F ANATOMY
Q) i;:ii^.ssiicr.te;.6-Jiwti.s.r.cii.
fcjT^ The Largest A.n»toroical Museum in the
jJL^ World. or my contracted
*g 5j3l disea«< p*-»ltl»«-ly mred hythr classt
A£jSj<| Specialist re the Co*st. Est3sy;»r>-
uT&Z.k CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE CiSEASES
f Q[Sfftn Cnj«ultation fr^e and srri'tljr privife
¦ ITT iS M /Am. n« Curt in e»ery caie un>];rt*l<en.
mi llSi Write for Bock. PIULCtNOI-IlYer
lif j¦• S»*S«ltlVi;i;. MAILED FRIiC {A
(i (i vaiuable bock for mm)
08. JORDAS &CO.. JOSI Market St.. R. F.
lA/. T. HESS.
KOTARV PUBLIC AND ATTOSNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
GRAND OPERAHOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN BJ.
FOURTH WEEK^~FOURTH EDITION
FIRFT APPEARANCE OF THE FAMOUS
DESCRIPTIVE AND COON SINGER.
EDWARD B. ADAMS,
Dl-ect From K>ith's Theater. New York.
MANY OTHER NOVELTIES!
I'SUAL. POPCLAR PRICES.
Good R***rve4 S>eat la Orchestra, Saturday
Matlne* lie.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
CHUTES JJN'D ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE. THE BLACK BARTONS, THE
I>EJ> ZAKTOS. THE SISTERS BENNETT.
THE BIRDS OUHAXA. LILLIAN VAN
TILSE AND THE MOVING PICTURES.
AMATEUR N36HT THURSDAY.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday!
Reserve ecats by phone. . Park 22.
ur
5
AARON . BURR.
THE FRANKLIN' PENNY.
(First United States Coin.)Selna Defeats Clark.
WATSONVILLE, Feb. 23.-The prize
flght between James Clark and Charles
Selna was won by Selna in eleven rounds.
The flght took place in tne Opera House
and was given under the auspices of the
-\yatsonvifie Athletic Club. Dan Sullivan
of Ban Francisco was referee. Selna was
seconded by Ortega, Green and Lawler.
9 l^A 6^ c °nd3" were Morris Baker and
Jack Clark. The Opera House was crowd
ed with spectators, a special train com
ing rrom Sd.lnas »t 9- o clock. Ortexa of
San Juan challenged tha winner.
In the Handball Arena.
Phil Ryan's handball arena at SSS How
ard street -was kept warm yesterday aft
ernoon. •' There were nine games rolled
off, in which there was some excellent
play. The four-handed set-to between
White, Foy, Kllgallon and Llnehan proved
a great match. Every ace was contested
vigorously. The closeness of the play
may be seen by the scores: White and
Foy-21. 12, 21. IS. 21; Klllgallon and Llne
han—l3, 21, 17, 21, 17. The other scores
were:
R. LonEaback and R. Resll 21.10 21
H. J. Rogers and E. J. Murphy 16 21. 13
T. McManus and P. Hutchln3on 21 19 21
G. Hutchlnson and P. Ke11y.... 14 11 15
W. Fisher and P. McKlnnon 21 21 21
G. McDonald and P. Ryan... 18 20 17
W. H. Slebem and J. J. Canavan 21 21 19
G. B. Hay ward and J. Braun.. 9 15 21
A. McVicker and T: Foley 21 21 21
G. Smith and. J. Condon 18 10 14
G. B. Hayward and F. McGlack. .... .21 21 21
E. White and J. Daly.... S 13 11
T. Serre» and J. Glynn.. 21 14 21
F. Johnson and M. Basch. ..10 21 IS
J. Harlijw and J. Riordan 7 21 , 21 21
J. Collins and E. Curley ..21 » 15 19
CURIOUS SPECIMEN
OF A FEMALE HOBO
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Palmflower won the final In the non-
SELECT FIELD
TO SPORT SILK
IN THE GUNST
Bendoran, With a Carload of
Weight Up, Will Be
a Starter.
t
One of ths Best Cards Offered This
Season at the Oakland Track.
Some of the Probable
Winners. .
•
The track across the bay will assume
command of the racing grame again this
afternoon, offering the public an excel
lent programme of running events, the
feature of which is the Gunst handicap.
The distance Is one mile and a furlong,
and while the field Is not a large one. It
possesses class enough to make It a most
fetching affair. On Saturday next the
great $10,000 Burns handicap will be de
cided, and to-day's race may give a line
as to the possible winner of that rich
stake. All of the other events wear a
nicely balanced look.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Three and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; selling: .
*67 Socapa HOf ... Carlovlngian ...113
70S Peut Etre 113' 738 Billy Lyons 113
... Charenton 11SJ 767 Richard S 115
767 Impromptu .....113 ... Combermerie ...115
743 Corn Cake lUs|
Second race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
615 Uarda 106 523 Montallade 10S
770 Don Luis 10S 759 Pat Morrlssey...lCB
842 Senora Caesar. ..lo3 831 Colonel Root 108
... Henrietta G 106 663 O'Connor 103
829 Tom Cromwell. .lll (700)Dolore "io«
770 Snips 106
Third race— One mße; three-year-olds and ud
ward; seilins:
7JB Socialist ..107 (7Cl)Essence 92
742 Twinkle Twlnk.loo 654 Raclvan ... 10'
S3O Miss Soak.. I<K> 833 Formatas " K»
722 Tirade ...110 76t> Llzzella "100
819 Mont Ea«le *; gu Heartless 95
527 Wyoming ..; — 107 735 Alicia ios
Fourth race^-Mlle and a sixteenth; Gunst
Handicap: purse, SISCQ:
837 Dr. Shcppard....l22[ 717 Constellator .... 83
7SB Imperious 10) 76S Flamora .. 100
537 Storm King 10)| 721 Rosormonde ""lU
(721)Bendoran 1W: 7i9 Pat Morrissey'.'.ilfH
516 Larda ;..li»! 771 Flower of Gold. 07
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward; selling:
810 Scotch P1a1d....103i 733 Del Paso 11. 11"
827 Tappan 10>, (73S) Horton ... '"107
745 Judge Woftord.. 90! . *
Sixth race-Six furloncs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
«^o l - Cuthb «t.....19» 534 Momentum .....'.104
( W'»"; .£ S4S 4 V ady Brftannlc.lo3
843 Pompino 101 774 Jingle JinKle 99
813Rosalbra ...102 822 Orion Jln * le —»2
, 817 Jael ......." 102 766 Xovia in*
806 Merry Boy 107 t'YZL'i <
Selections for To-Day.
First race— lmpromptu. Charenton. Socapa,
__Second race— Pat Morrlssey, Varda. Don Luis
Third race^-Wyomlng, Essence. Raclvan.
Fourth race— Rosormonde, Flamora; Ben
doran.
Fifth race-Scotch Plaid. Horton. Tappaa,
Sixth race— Novla, Pomolno. Peace.
winners' stake at Tngrleslde Coursine Park
yesterday, beating: Greenhall after a Bhort
course. The betting was brisk and the
public broke even with the talent. Fol
lowing were the results:
First round— Joe Perry's Commodore Nash
beat F. Van Soosten's Magnet; W. Stark"!
Thunderbolt beat Kay Bros.' Lady Ethel; E.
M. Xellofrg's lowa Maid beat F. Moran's Bit
of Fashion: J. O'Shea's Young Flrenzl beat
M. Mlchelik's Old Glory; J. McEnroe's Ad
miral b'arapson beat A. L. Austin's Los An-
Keles; T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose beat J.
O'Dowd's Shootover; Bartels liros.' Lowlander
beat Connell Bros.' Green Isle: T. Butler's
Susie beat M. Donlea's Erin; Captain Kane's
Greenhall beat Connell Bros.' Log Boy; J. I.
O'Brien's Wandering Tom beat Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Miss Penman: E. M. Kellogg's
lowa Boy beat T. Logan's Miss Grizzle; T. A.
Gaffney's False Flatterer beat Joe Thrift's St.
Michael; Sterl & Knowles 1 O'Hara beat W. J.
Browning's Mountain Belle; B. M. Kellosrg's
Ben's Babe beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill;
James Dean's Gallant beat J. McCormack's
Black Beauty: Bartels Bros." Itaron Blood beat
H. A. Deckelman's Twilight Jr.: J. McNeil's
Black Hawk beat A. L. Austin's Firm Foe;
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Palmflower beat Dr.
Leonard's Mayflower; R. Strehl'a Jlmmie Cash
beat M. B. Kavanash's Hard Lines: Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
Second round — Commodore Nash beat Thun
derbolt; lowa Maid beat Toungr Flrenzi; Moss
Rose beat Admiral Sampson; Lowlander beat
Susie: Greenhall beat Wandering Tom; False
Flatterer beat lowa Boy; Ben's Babe beat
O'Hara; Gallant beat Baron Blood; Palmflower
beat Black Hawk; Ollta beat Jimirle Cork.
Third round — lowa Maid beat Commodore
Xash: Moss Rose beat I,£wlander; Greenhall
beat False Flatterer: Btn*e Babe beat Gallant;
Palmflower beat Ollta.
Fourth round— lowa Maid beat Moss Rose;
Greenhall beat Ben's Babe; Palmflower, a bye.
Fifth round— Palmflower beat lowa Maid;
Greenhall. a bye.
Final— Palmflower beat Gresnball.
Stockton Coursing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Feb. 25.— The results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day fol
low:
Hazel L beat Black Chief: Peaceful Glen beat
Rough Rider; Forgive beat Pastime G: Wheel
of Fortune beat Risky Attempt; Arno beat
Jessie Sly; Rowdy Boy beat Belle C; Better
Than Gold beat Lucy G; Nonparlel beat Fire
ball; Clipper beat Raceaway; Prince of Fashion
beat Sly; Winning Lassie beat Joker; Robin
Adalr beat Jack; St. Elmo beat Random Aim;
Sarah Gold beat Rlcht Arm.
Second round— Hazel L beat Peaceful Glen;
Forsrive beat Wheel of Fortune; Arno beat
Rowdy Boy; Better Than Gold beat Nonparlel;
Clipper beat Prince of Fashion; Winning Las
sie beat Robin Adalr; St. Elmo beat Sarah
Gold.
Third round — Hazel L beat Forgive: Rowdy
Boy beat Nonpareil; Prince, of Fashion beat
RoblnAdalr; Sarah Gold a bye.
Fourth round— Forgive beat Nonpareil; Prince
of Fashion beat Sarah Gold.
Final — Nonpareil beat Sarah Gold.
- Puppy stake — Hanover beat Mlckie. "Outran;
Pansy Pauha beat Belle C; Meadow Maid beat
Alberta; Prince of Fallon beat Hard Game.
Second round— Hanover beat Pansy Pasha;
Alberta beat Prince of Fallon.
Final— Hanover beat Alberta-
15 — 6; Luxor beat Emln Pasha, E—o;E — 0; « Royal
Anne beat Cavalier, 6—l;6 — I; Royal Flush beat
Mac's Melody, 2—o; Warship beat Bohe, I—l.
4—l;4 — 1; Connemara beat • Flora McDonald, 4—3;4 — 3;
Chicago Boy beat Maud S; Whltehead beat
Ireland; Narcissus beat St. Oran.
Third round— Beacon beat Royal Anne;
Luxor beat Royal Flush; Connemara beat War
ship; Chlcaso Boy b*at Whltehead; Xarclssus
a bye.
Fourth round — Connemara beat Beacon, 4—3;4 — 3;
Luxor beat Narcissus. s—o;5 — 0; Chicago Boy, a bye.
Fifth round— Luxor beat Chicago Boy, 4—l;
Connemara ran an undecided bye with Young
America, 3—3.
Final— Albert Curtis' Luxor, by Skyrocket-
Wave, beat James Dean's Connemara, by Lord
Cllfton-Dalsy 11. 5—4.
Belle Brandon challenge cup stake — P. M.
Clarkson'g Flower of Gold beat J. Dean's
Alamo, 8—0;8 — 0; P. J. Rellly's Moonbrleht beat
P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter, 4—2; George
Nethercott's Freda C beat R. E. de R. Lopez's
Crawford Rex. 4—o; M. C. Delano's. Thorndale,
a bye.
Second round— Flower of Gold beat Moon
brißht. 8—0;8 — 0; "Frpda C beat Thorndale, B—2.8 — 2.
Final — Georice Nethercott'n Freda C, by Bor
der Ruffian-Daisy Hill, beat P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold, by Royal Crest-Lady Jane,
5-2,
LUXOR WINS CLASSIC JOHN GRACE CHALLENGE CUP STAKE
Brilliant Windup of a Most Sensational
Coursing Contest at Union Park.
Very Remarkable Battle Between Luxor and Conne
mara Finishes a Meeting Full o?
Incident.
LAMBORN'S LIFE
LOOKED INTO BY
FAIR'S SLEUTHS
Characters of Mrs. Craven's
Witnesses Are to Be
Aired in Court.
Alleged Widow of the Dead Million
aire Will Have a Trying Tima
When Case Reoptns
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven-Fatr (?) will pro
ceed this morning in Judge Troutfs de
partment of the Superior Court, under tha
tire of Attorney Fierson's cross-examina
tion, with her attempt to prove that sha
is the lawful widow of the late James G.
Fair and rightfully entitled to- a family
allowance from his vast estate. It is to>
be presumed that she has taken advan
tage of the court's recess to brace her
self up for the trying ordeal.
Every effort Is to be made by the Fair
attorneys to break down her testimony
and the evidence which she expects from
some of her moat important witnesses.
During the few days sines court ad
journed the detectives in the employ of
the estate have not been idle. The record
of every prospective witness ha 3 been
looked up. Every hint at probable testi
mony that haa been drawn frum Mrs.
Craven-Fair h«s received the attention
of the sleuths who are arrayed on the
side of the opposition.
In the event of being unable to impeach
the testimony of those who may go on th*>
stand for Airs. Craven-Fair the repre
sentatives of the dead Senator's esta:o
have decided to attack their private char
acters if there la any rule of law b>
which such evidence can be placed befor*
the court.
With the object of carryfcipr this ld»a.
Into execution a number of the Fair de
tectives Tiave been spending much of their
time lately In Alameda. Ben F. Lamborn.
the City Clerk of the municipality aero«»
the bay. has been under the scrutiny of
their searching eyes. His whole history
has been delved Into and every detail o?
his official llfp in Alameda has received
attention. The condition of his books
even has not been overlooked, and it In
stated that the report of the accountar.:
who has been expertins them for the city
may be forced into the Craven-Fair casa
In the event of his becom'ner a witness.
The detectives will also try to introdue*
a statement said to have been made by
Lamborn to the rf?»*ct that in the event
of Mrs. Craven-Fair getting any consid
erable sum of money from the Fair estate
he "would be in clover" for the rest of
his days on earth. This, they claim,
creates the impression that influence*
other than friendship prompts Lamborn
to array himself on the side of his former
schoolteacher.
Ruirors of compromise are floating
arcuml promiscuously, but they are em
phatically denied by both tr*» Fair and tha
Craven-Fair end of the case.
While the contending forces ar» prepar
ing for their fiercest struggle Somersault
ing Simpson, the Marin County Justice <*>?
the Peace, is enjoyiner life on Char!!'*
Fair's yacht Lucero. of? the Sausalito
shore. wher« he ).« saff-ly giiarriM from
detectives of the other side and the- ques
tioning of newspaper men. and where th^
danger of renewing the affidavit habit 13
reduced to the minimum.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
<n J$ ART REBESKT staggered the attaches of the Insane department of
//\/\ the Receiving Hospital when she made her appearance yesterday
II Ik mornln 5 t0 be locked up on a charge of Insanity. She looked like "an
inflated balloon and seemed a stout, elderly woman, but when Mrs.
Bwett, the matron, disrobed her she was in reality a email, thin woman,
not weighing more than 110 pounds. She wore ten pairs of stockings, four
skirts, four waists and a sugar loaf pattern hat weighing over ten pounds. -
Inside her stockings she had a frying pan filled with bread and a sauce
pan and In pockets made in her dresses and stockings she had a miscellane
ous collection of provisions and articles stored. She had sugar In one pocket,
tea in another, coffee in another and in others a hand looking glass, can of
prepared soup, soap, knife, matches, needles and "thread, silk ribbons, pieces
of lace, combs, alarm clock, package of shoe polish, pieces ¦, of linen, hand
kerchiefs and other articles too numerous to mention. Her clothes and con
tents could not have. weighed less than 250 pounds, and she carried the weight
around with her all the time.
Policeman Kentzel.had observed her on two or three occasions hanging
around a vacant lot on Steiner street, and after questioning her concluded
that she was mentally unbalanced, and sent her to the hospital. She said she
was a native of Germany and was 39 years of age, but she looks twenty
years older.
"I have -lived In this city,", she said, "for the past thirteen years.- I have
a brother here, but have never been able to find him. I have no home and
have no money to pay .for a room, so I sleep wherever I get the chance, I
have to do my cooking In vacant lots sometimes. I get all the bread I ask
for from bakers, and manage to get enough of everything to live. I get the
laces and ribbons and other small things from yards where I pick them up.
No, I was never married." -
The woman talks intelligently, and her mind does not seem at all affected.
She appears to be simply eccentric in her hahits and mode of life, and has
the appearance of having- "seen better . days." She objects :to being- "ques
tioned, and wants it understood that it is nobody's business what she does.
How she could carry such a weight around with her without tiring in a mys
tery \ ¦;¦ ¦- ' • <.
Dolphins Row and Swim.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club opened the peason yesterday with
FcuHing and. other aquatic events on the
waters of the bay oft their boathouse at
the foot of Van Xess avenue. The first
event was an outrigger skiff race for the
diamond medal between George Baker
and Lester Hammersmith. It was won by
Baker by t *vo lengths. Baker having won
the modal tvlce before, he now becomes
Its owner. A novice race In outrigger
FkifTs between T. Lerond and E. Kragness
was won by Kragness with a dozen
lengths to Fpare. The third event was a
four-oared barge race of about one mile,
vlth a turn around the transport Han
cock. It proved quite exciting, the crew
"stroked" by T. Dixon winning by about
a length. The losing crew consisted of
W. A. Donovan, bow. T. L-rond. No. 2;
J. Farrell, No. 3; 11. A. Swedlund. stroke,
und \V. Evarts, cockswain. The winning
crew was /made up of Lester Hammer
emlth, bow; H. O Hea. No. 2: E. Krag
ress. No. 3: T. Dixon, stroke, and K.
Inverts, cockswain.
An exhibition of fancy swimming by
Pydney Cavlll and Lester Hammersmith
followed. A race between F. W. Wocn
ru-r and J. Laib. in gigs, with cockswains.
r«*suite>d in victory for Woenner by five
Jengtn«. The winner was steered by
Adam Schuppcrt, and the loser by K. 11.
Coney. An outrigger pkin. race between
George Baker ana Stanley Addcrley. for
merly of the Tritons, was won by Baker
b.% he pleaeed.
After the race refreshments were served
5n the- clubnouse and dancing was en
joyed for two hours in the afternoon. The
Intervals between tho dances were filled
•up with eelections on the piano by John
K«*',ly, ft ragtime dance by Sheehan.and
Harvey and a cakewalk by McMahon and
¦ member of toe club. Tnero were about
JOO rueats, of whom a large proportion!
were ladles. The much-tallced-of swim
ming race between Coney. Patch and
JSarls did not come off -after all. Earls
having Injured Ills ankle and Coney refus
ing to «wlm until Earls Is ready to com
pete for th« medal, which -was originally
oSered by Coney.
AD V Eiti J.s> KiiIUNTS.
STRICKEN BY P A RA LYSIS.
Harry Weldon, Well-Known Sporting
Editor, Afflicted.
CINCIXNATI. Ohio. Feb. 25.— Harry
WHdon. for twenty years the sporting
editor of the Cincinnati Enquirer, in
which capacity he won for himself and
his paper a national reputation, "was
ftricken by paralysis as he retired to
his room about 2 o'clock this morning.
The stroke does net affect the brain, as
he Is perfectly conscious, though unable
to ppeak. It teems to affect chiefly tho
vocal organs and the right arm and leg.
the litter only partially. Hi» great
weight, 20<) pounds, is somewhat against
him, yet h!s physicians say his chances
Jor recovery are good.
Edmonds, J. I. O'Brien, the Kerrigans and
a host of other coursing enthusiasts met
and exchanged reminiscences of former
«l«ys when a handful of sportsmen sowed
the seeds of the sport on this coast. The
detailed results of the running, with
Judge Grace's official scores, follow:
John Grace challenge cup stake— Curtis &
Pons 1 Beacon beat Russell. Allen A Wllson"B
Rtlle Clalr. 3—2; Curtis & Sons' ¦ Luxor heat
Erwln & Lyons' Silver Lyon. 6—o:6 — 0: J. 11. Ros
peter's Recording Angel beat Curtis & Sons'
Cseh. 4—3: J. 11. Rosßeter's Emln Pasha beat
Hall & Newell's Clara Barton, 5—2; J. H. Ros
*eter's Royal Anne, a bye. Sisquoc withdrawn;
Curtis & Sons' Cavalier beat C L. Appleby's
Sir Pp. aha, 33—15; Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody
beat Russell. Allen* A- Wilson's Master Clalr.
6—5; F. A. McComb'n Koyal Flush beat Gut
Abercrombie'H Rock Island Klne. 9—4; J. H.
Perlgo's Boh» beat P. J. Rally's Royal Union,
4-0; P. J. Rellly's Warship beat N. P. Whit
ing's St. Anthony, 7— 6; Lowe A- Thompson's
Flora McDonald beat N. P. Whiting's Minne
ola. 6—6:6 — 6: J. Dean's Connemara beat J. Sheri
dan's Foreet Kin?. 4—o; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Chicago Hoy beat .1. O'Shea'B Young
America, 4— C; Curtis & Sons' Maud 8 beat E.
M. KellopK's Kid McCoy. 4-1*; E. Geary's Ire
land beat J. H. Renter's Rollicking Airs. 6—3;
R. E. de D. Lopez's Whltehcad ' beat George
Whitney's Theron. 3—o;3 — 0; Ixiwe & Thompsons
St. Oran beat Sterl & Knowles' For Glory,
9—l;9 — 1; Curtle & Sons' Narcissus beat J. P.
Thrift's Brutuf, S—o.
Second round — Beacon beat Recording Angel,
LUXOR, the great white and black
greyhound from the kennels of Cur
tis & Sons, but which is the prop
erty of Albert Curtis, went fairly
flying through th 3 John Grace cup
stake yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
In the presence of the greatest crowd ever
assembled at a coursing- park In the
United States he Justified the expecta
tions of his admirers by winning handily.
He defeated Retina R. Silver Lyon. Emm
Pasha, Royal Flush and Narcissus point
less; Chicago Boy 4 to 1, and in the final
Connemara 5 to i. Up to the final the
outcome was never in doubt, as Luxor ¦
fairly fiew over the ground, breaking
down his hares before they could get half
way across the field.
His style of running is deceptive. He
moves with as little friction as a finely
adjusted piece of machinery. He crouches
down to his work with his head parallel
with the ground and his long muzzle
fairly skimming along the surface of it.
He was lit to run for his owner's life, and
so little drain was there on his vitality
that he could apparently romp through
another such stake to-day.
It was not till the final that he was
called upon to put forth his best efforts.
In this he met James Ucan'a Connemara.
which won the stake in 1M)». Old "Con.,"
as he Is affectionately called by the fol
lowers of coursing, was the hero of th«
day. Each round nis admirers predicted
he would be retired. As he won time after
time, all the sentiment of the spectators
went out to him, as it does when any
great old champion goes out to battle
against the odds which youth and fresh
vitality give. In the next to the last
round he ran a "bye" course, which en
titled him to meet the great Luxor in the
linal. When he came out for this the
band played ••Hail! Hail! the Chief Has
Come, while the spectators cheered
"Jimmy" Dean and his dog.
Connemara had shown his old-time
speed during the day, and also showed
the bulldog viciousness which he pos
sesses. The new champion and the old
were slipped to a email but sturdy hare,
which, according to custom. waß selected
by Superintendent Charles Griswold, the
idea being- to give the dogs in the finai
a fair test.
Luxor led to the hare by two and a
half lengths, securing the nrst turn. He
stumbled in making a drive for the hare,
and. burying his muzzle In the yielding
earth turned almost a somersault, rolling
over several times. In the meantime the
hare came around to Connemara In a cir
cle. "Con" stumbled and fell, and Luxor,
taking the shorter course, took two turns
out of the hare. Connemara, In the mean
time, had scored two turns and finally
killed. The score by points was 5 to 4 .
The Belle Brandon cup stake was won
by George N'ethercotfs Freda C, trained
in the kennels of B. E. de. B. Lopez &
Son. Captain P. M. Clarkson's Flower of
Gold was runner-up.
The first dog to get a severe course In
the big stake was Cavalier. He met Sir
Pasha in the morning, and they ran over
three minutes before the hare was fin
ally killed by a relief dosr. Slsquoc was
drawn, having lost four pounds in weight
during the previous night. The biggest
upset of the day was the defeat of Bohe
by Warship, the former being favorite at
4 to 1. Wnitehead won two courses, but
lost to Chicago Boy after an undecided.
The weatner was not "cup day
weather," as fog obscured the sun. It
settled down upon the field occasionally,
but not sufficiently to obscure the vision
of the spectators.
The judging and the slipping were
faultless. The sixty decisions rendered
during the day by Judge John Grace,
who has no peer in this country, were
received by the bettors without a mur
mur of dissent from first to last. The
hares were not of the strongest, owing
to the quantity of green feed on the
ground, but the tests were true, and the
better dog won In every course. James
Grace was in superb form in his slipping,
letting all the dogs get away evenly. The
most remarkable feature was that not a
single dog was unsighted in either stake.
The stake attracted all the men who
have been Interested at any time in cours
ing. Harry Crowtage of New York, who
courses greyhounds for the pleasure it
affords him, so timed his visit hero as to
be able to witness the decision of the
stake-
Mr. Welsh of the Bostonians is another
admirer of greyhounds, who always avails
of every opportunity afforded him of see
lnp them in competition.
"Denny" Healey of Petaluma. who bred
both Luxor and Connemara, watched the
performances of the progeny of his grey
hound Wave with a feeling of admira
tion.
Tommy Hall and Tommy Fltz of Mer
ced. James Hurley, the popular owner of
O X Ca.r»ltol. the last Merced winner:
Henry Wonnlngton, T. J. Cronln, J. J.
California's Theater Party.
California Parlor. N. S. G. "W.. as a
means of raising funds for it 9 1900 cele
bration, will Rive theater parties at the
Grand Opera House this and to-morrow
cveninjjs. Four hundred tickets have been
secured for each eveninjr'a entertainment,
and they will be disposed of by the mem
bers, who will profit thereby. Th» com
mittee having the party In charge B. My
ron Wolf. W. B. Hobro. P. A. Eerarerot
and Henry F. Peroau. announces that the
parlor has secured the Maple Room of
the Palace Hotel for headquarters for tha
coming celebration. California Parlor Is
preparing for its next annual banquet.
Governor Gajre. Grand President Matti
son and Grand Trustee Judgre M. T. Oool
injr are already on the prosrramme to re
spond to toasts, and other prominent citi
zens will be present and give their views
on appointed subjects.
TENTS AND COVERS.
N£. VllV 1 1 ,T .*****•¦ Itc CO.; manufacturers, bags, tents.
covers, n and S3 Calirornla si
MORE HONORS TO
GOWN AND HIS
SHOOTING IRON
Breaks the 100-Shot Record
Held in the East by E.
E. Partridge.
. >
Successful Bifie Comp«titioiis for
Class Medals and Bullseye
Prizes at Shell Mound
Ranges.
»¦
J. E. Gorman of the Golden Gate Rifle
8.V.& Pistol Club has achieved new honors
for himself and his organization by break-
Ing the 300-shot pistol record of the United
States on the fifty-yard range. The shoot-
Ing took place yesterday at the club's
regular meeting et Shell Hound, and Gor
rn&n announcod that he would try ajrain
for the top-notch record on the sta.r.<iani
American target. To do so he hcl to
beat E. E. Partridge's record 01 £31
points. Partridge Is one of the crack pis
tol ehots of the E.i Ft. Although the day
wns not of the best on account of a s-hi'ty
wind blowing. Gorman fet to his task
and made rS9 points out of a possible 1000.
Unfortunately there were two common
scores of SS and 90, but these were made
up by two exceptionally good runs of 97.
Not only does the 929 beat Partridjfj? am
ateur record, but It takes the cream -'f
the professional record of 9?.«. held for
years by the late Ira Payne of Boston.
Yesterday's record breaker In ten-shot
t cores v.as: M. 94. 90. S7. Ei*. 95, 97, 33, M. &5
— TS>. or an average of K.S points per score.
This Is the second time within a month
that Gorman has knocked the underpin
ning from ttandard records, the other
being the fifty-shot record. Gorman
Is no doubt now the champion pistol
cr.d revolver phot of the United Stau-s, If
not of the world. The other scdics made
by the club were as follows:
Rifle ICO yards, tea ehotK. German twenty
five r:ng tarret. Bushnell trophy. re-entry: I>.
\Y Mol-AUghiln— L». 216; F. E. Miion- 225.U4,
114. 216; Dr. L- O. Kcxiger»— llS, 224, 220.
Rifle tr"phr contests, i-ame conditions, gold
medalr: K. E. Mason-SK. 2JI. 223. 23: A. B.
Dorrfi:— ril. tit. "U. tTt. 2(7; F. W. Bflknap—
J2fi ZlO ifn>. t!Z; C M. Henderson — 217, 213.
Silver inedsls: G. T»mmayfr-S«, T'tS; H.
Ftellin— Ml: D. W. McLauKhlin-:U; C. M.
Henderson— llo.
The Germania Schuetren Club he.l its
regular buliseye shoct for cash prizes,
and John Utscbig distinguished himself
by making six:een bullseyes out of ;p.cnty
shots, lie was closely followed by F. P.
Schuster, who made fourteen. The prize
winners for best centers and their value
as shown by the measuring machine were
as follows:
Fin", 11. Helberg. t26; »ecopd. J. Utsch!?,
tsw; third. H. St-llinir. 411; tourth. D. B. Fak
tcr, 478; f.tth. U. Bendel. 456; nixtfa. F. P.
f?chu*ter. 433; seifnth. E. Goetre. £6«; eighth,
J. De \\~\X 551: ninth, C. Thlertach. 610: tenth,
D. PaJSeld. ?f>o; eleventh, F. Brandt. 830;
twelfth. H. Lilkcndey, M 0; thirteenth. H. Zech
er, t7u; fourteenth, it. Stettin. 103s; fifteenth,
U. Bsber. I&7L
In the competition for yearly cash
prize?, three phots, German Co-rina tarsret.
re-catry, the best rcores were:
J. Gefkin. C«: TV. Goetze, €4. €S: J. UtFch!^,
TO. 71, 72: H. Jluber, 74.72: F. P. Schuster. 70.
71; L. Bendet. tS: N. Ahrens, CS.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Clu>» also
held a bullF*-ye contest for cash prizes,
and the winners In their order, on best
centers were the following:
Firft. J. Lar.lcer.au, IC6; second. F. Brandt,
SCI: th!r3, H. IS3; fourth. R. Finking,
£S>; fifth. A. Ifcrtelsoa. 40S; rlxth, E. H. Ooetze.
<27: seventh. I>. B. Faktor. 487; elehth. J.
T'tjsrh!*-. II*: r.Snth. W. Khrenpfort. £31; t»-nth,
L. Ilaake. C3O; eleventh. S. Heino. €54: twelfth.
F. Koch. 6SO; thirteenth. R- Stettin, 717: four
t'-er.th. F. P. Bdnuter. 7i'2; fifteenth, 11. Huber,
7f-3; sixteenth, J. De Wit, 783; seventeenth. A.
JunpWut. SC3; elght»enrh. N. Ahrens. 803: nine
teenth. C. Thierbach, ><S; twentieth, O. Bur
tr.elEter, X 9.
There was a poo<3 attendance of the
members of the Red Men's Schuetzen
Company at the regular monthly contest
for class medals. The conditions were
twenty shots, on the German 2S-rinj tar
pet, SM yards. The high men and scores
wero recorded thus:
Champion clem. William T>ressler, SZ<t rings:
Tret class, r. H. Rulffs. ~<S; 6»«con<i class. J.
A. Mohr. 239: third clasa. E. Zetnple, 214;
fourth class, E. Herr.eteln, :<?: best first fhot.
H. liach, 24; best last fhot, George Wagner. 2L
AT HARBOR VIEW RANGE.
Swljs RiQa Club's Class Medal
and Bullssye Shoot.
There was a larp* attendance of the
members of the Swl«s Rifle Club yester
day on the Harbor View ranpe fcr the.
regular class medal and bullseye competi
tions. In th<? former the high scores,
twenty Fhot?. German 25-ring target, were
the following:
Champion claj>!>— J. Earhmann. 41? rlnje: first
class— A. yon Wyl, 371; pecond class— F. Suter.
2C7; third riaaa-A. Monotti. SC4.
In the bullseye contest for cash prizes
the winners In their order were the fol-
lowing:
Flrrt. A. Gehr»t: second, J. Schelbll: third,
A. yon VCyl: fourth. J. Leeman: fifth. It.
Jlaueer: nixth. \V. Uaumgartner; seventh, P.
Croce; eighth. J. Bachmann.
Amateurs Flay Baseball.
The Koenlgs baseball team defeated the
Golden Gatea handily yesterday by. a
score of 7 to 0 at Recreation Park. The
star players of the , winners were Bodie
at third base and Brackhoff, shortstop.
Is embarrasxed with an unnatural weak- y
ness, or suffering and endanarered with f
a. contracted ailment, he should consult I
America's most skilled and most sue- f
cessful specialist*— Dß. METERS & CO. II
Payments may be made monthly or th* v
total cost of a cure (leDontted in a bank, M
not to be given to DR. MEYERS & CO. II
until a permanent curs is effected. H
Free consultation at office or by man. §9
Sufferers who llvn outside of San Fran- E
cleco should write for piivat» book, dl- m
a^nosls sheet, advice, terms and other El
particulars. ALL. LETTERS COXFI- B
DENTIAL. H
DR. MEYERS & CO. 1
731 MARKET ST., S. F. S
Take Elevator to Third Floor. 3
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLD— KrogH Mf«. Co.. 9 Stevenson
*t. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pump*.
CENTRIFUQAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES flne cold. In daily operation at 2S|
Deale st.. San Francisco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator ft Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. O Stsvecs'ra *v
BEACH GOLD COXCENTRATOR.
SAVES Alt »he Gold by gravitation. No quick.
•tlwr. Hand or power. In operation 14 ?»e«r.
STEAM ENGINES. ,
Call and fee the lightest, cheapest, special Cap«
Nome tteam engine: working parts completely
Inclosed; Ijj to $££ fcr 1 to 33 horsepower;
weiirhts ?0 to 1400: ore operating at RIX EN.
GINEEKING AND SUPPLY CO.. 619 Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINE?.
HERCULES OAS ENGINE WOKK3 Is flniu*
larss numbers oC crdera for Nome. IU-1U
First »t.. S. F. . .¦/ ,", ¦
OILS.
LtJBRICATIXO OH. Crude OH and GasoMn*.
ENSIGN & MeGUFFiCK. 13 Spear St.. 8. P.
PLATES FOJ? SAVING GOLD.
Schaezlein & Burrid^e, 3 Hardle place, o3
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUQAL PUMPS. !
tan UoU-B«arlns bands perfectly. In opera.
tlon »t ttt Sixth »t. BTRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or «alt water for ilu!c» bos«s;
high or low lifts. Elmonda, 33 Market it.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC
BAKER* HAMXLTOX. Engine, and BoOers:
lowrsi prices on tb« coaat. Pln« & Davis »t«.
HENSHAW. BUCKLET&CO.. Pumps. Steam ao4
Ga»*Un« Engine*. Bailer*. tS anil 23 Promont.
6BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 25.— "Dan" W.
Carraichael of Sacramento came
Into town yesterday on a special
Pullman, heading a delegation of
well-known Sacramento people,
¦who journeyed with him in order to in
spect the Kern River oil district. In the
party were the following: J. L. Gillis, G.
S. Brand, Frank Whitmore, M. Gageby,
F. A. Daroux. B. Cavanaugh. W. C. Hall,
Wilbur George. W. M. Sim?, I. Boysen,
E. Phillips, C. C. Robertson. H. A.
French. N. B. Krlpp. J. A. Woodson,
"Bob" Rlchardf=on. E. C. Rutherford, E.
F. Hadley and C. EC Lipman. They were
Joined li^re by Railroad Commissioner
Klackstock and Secretary Sesnon of the
n*tlroad Commission. As soon as possi
ble after they arrived they were on the
way to the Kern River oil fields, where
they pasFtd an entire day looking about
vr.6rr the guidance of W. F. Bryant, a
contraclor for the drilling and develop
ment of oil wells. A representative of
The Call accepted an invitation to make
the tour of inspection at the same time.
A Sunning Study.
The opportunity was excellent to make
a running study of that comparatively
new thing— an oil boom In Central Cali
fornia. The town was filled with stran
gers. All the roads were traveled by men
of more or lees means, on the way to or
from the oil wells. Every one was free
to tell his experience. As for the rest, the
<iay was fine and in the clear air in almost
the entire field of the Kern River oil dis
trict activity was In view from any one
hill or another. Booms are pretty much
alike in one respect; they engage the ma
jor part of the conversation of the resl
c>nts of the town and visitors to the
¦¦booming" section. As a natural conse
quence information was not difficult to
get. From morning until night, up and
down hills and into the river bed of the
Jvern River, the large Inspection party
rode in a string of wagons, asking ques
tions. personaJlv looking at the actual
production of oil; computing on the fly
leaves of books or convenient scraps of
paper the financial side of the matter.
Caused by the Boom.
There are 2000 more persons in Bakers
field and the country Immediately sur
rour.dlng it than there were last Septem
ber, and they are all directly connected
•with oil in come way. By day the town
|l not much more lively than any other
interior town of similar size and geo
graphical position. At night the hotels are
crowded with excited men. and the hum
of '"oil talk" is on every street corner un
til late hours. At the end of a drive of
fibout four miles from the town scores of
derricks begin to loom up in every direc
tion Jets of Bteam and columns of smoke
color th<« air east, north, pouth. Creeping
up the sides of a pcore of hills are six and
eiVht-horse teams, hauling water, lum
ber pipe, oil well machinery and provis
ions ViR-ht and day the smoke and the
feam denote that the prospecting for or
actual pumping of oil is ceaseless. When
The day force of drillers and their asslst
¦Bta pet though their work the night shift
is ready to keep things moving.
Bakefsfield has two new shops where
nothing but work upon oil machinery Is
performed. Both chops are driven to top
capacity. All the carpenters available are
putting up derricks on the hills and in the
valleys. Teamsters from the mountains
hav**the chance to keep their teams busy
all the time. There is a shortage of Iron
Ismail. Ordinary wells run for a period
I of years before they are exhausted."
The main fact that any observer would
notice ls that most of the derricks are
new. In fact, there was very little known
about the Kern River district until last
October. Since then the influx has been
steady. Hundreds of strangers are con
stantly arriving. They are to be encoun
tered at every turn among the hills. The
next fact, not to be overlooked, is that
wherever there Js actually a well pump
ing, there are others that are being drilled
near by. The "33" plant has seven wells
at work. One of these was operated last
fall. The others have been down to oil
only a few days and the pumping of them
began simultaneously. The largest plant
operated in the district up to date is at
Oil City.
The New Oil City.
As a "city," the small settlement of half
a dozen low, cheap houses, scarcely more
than cabins, is hardly perceptible; but
there the Santa Fe and the Southern Pa
cific interests are working. The Santa Fe
has sixteen pumps going at that place
and all are producing oil. There are at
least 100 new wells being drilled In the dis
trict and fifty wells are completed. In
this section are the Reed Oil Company,
the Sacramento Oil Company, the Gray
Eagle, the Peerless, the Monte Crlßto, the
West Shore and the Imperial.
After the Sacramentans had thoroughly
looked over the entire district they, re
turned to the capital. Some are con
cerned in the Sacramento Oil Company.
Others were guests.
pipe and the well owners resort to bor- j
rowing. I
Some Novel Sights.
Driving two miles farther, the party
! came to the Sacramento Oil Company's
wells. This was the first sight that many
of the visitors had ever enjoyed of an oil
well in actual operation. Ttie wells are
between hills. One was pumping oil with
steady progress. The output was a thick,
blackproduct which the visitors weretold
was about 60 per cent lubricant and 15 per
cent illumlnant. A stream of oil about the
thickness of a man's thumb was steadily
pouring into a large tank of wood. The
other well at the depth of 500 feet had oil
eand, but not oil, and must go deeper.
The well had been driven down that dis
tance in ten days. The well that is yield
ing was begun January 6.
Topography and Oil Sand.
From the hill above the Sacramento Oil
Company's wells a fair idea of the topog
raphy of the surrounding country was
procurable. The surface is broken by
many low hills, but not so steep or so high
that teaming is interfered with. Derricks
appear upon the tops of hills and in the
valleys. The theory of the oil men ls that
there is a stratum of oil sand extending
from the Kern River and for a distance of
some miles and that it is practically un
broken. Following out this idea the
other interesting theory has been evolved
that there is no such thing as an oil ex
pert discoverer for that particular sec
tion. The fact ls that the roughly de
scribed lines traced over the sandy hills
by the derricks take in a tract tnat is
about five miles wide at its greatest diam
eter. Consequently It appears that the
same sort of oil sand exists at points as
far apart as five miles, for the oil is all
about the same In the entire district, and
this is pointed to as an indication and
confirmation of the theory that the oil
sand belt is five miles wide.
This point 13 brought out with particu
larity for this reason. The wells at Los
Angeles are about 40 feet apart in many
instances. "If." t=ay the Kern River peo
ple, "the wells here were only 40 feet
apart and this whole great area was
filled in. what a vast proposition that
would be!" That is the basis of the large
expectation that many hold concerning
a huge development in this section.
The Pumping Jack.
The Sacramento Oil Company will have
about 100 barrels of oil per day from the
present exploitation, according to the in
dications. The wells In the district aver
age from 20 to 100 barrels daily. Two men
are sufficient to operate the drilling ma
chinery. When their hours of labor are
over two others take their places. "When
wells have been developed and the sand
is all out so that the output is practically
all oil from two to twenty wells may be
pumped simultaneously with one boiler
and one engine by the us«e of the "pump
ing Jack," which is a device made up of
a large wheel turned by cogs and sur
mounted by two eccentrics, which carry
wire cables in all directions to connect
with pumps. At one of the tracts known
as "23." which has been developed by Ba
kersfleld bankers to quite an extent,
seven pumps are now propelled with one
pumping Jack. That reduces the expense
very largely.
Figuring Out Profits.
Here is the way that some of the oil
men figure it out for profit: "Oil is worth
a dollar a barrel. At that rate a plant
that produces 150 barrels per diem would
earn $1000 per week, less the expense. Once
the wells are going there is little to do
that cannot be performed by compara
tively unskilled labor. Two or three men
could take care of a plant running twenty
wells employing the pumping jack, so
that the expense of operation would be
T DECLARE before Almighty God
and you, very reverend Father.
I and in the presence of this congre
¦*• gatlon, that I hereby solemnly re
new for the following year the promise
of temperance, according to the rules
of that branch of the League of the
Cross of which I am a member; and
may God give me grace to keep this,
my pledge, in the name of the Father,
and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
Amen."
With upraised right hands nearly 3000
youths, members of the League of the
Cross, yesterday afternoon solemnly
promised to forswear the use of liquor.
The scene in St. Mary's Cathedral,
where the ceremonies were held, was
as dramatic as it was interesting. The
sacred edifice was crowded to tho
doors with members of the organiza
tion and parishioners who were desir
ous of witnessing the annual renewal
of pledges. A number of policemen
were necessary to keep the crowds
which tried to gain admittance m
check.
The services opened with the singing
of "Veni Creator" by the entire con
gregation and cathedral choir. The
young voices filled the church with
swoet sound and made the music a
feature of the ceremonies. At the con
clusion of the singing of the beautiful
hymn Rev. Phlllo O'Ryan, spiritual di
rector of the League of the Cross, of
fered up a devout prayer for the
church- and the civil authorities.
PALACE HOTEL
J B Aeen. Seattle
W B Jones, Seattle
U H Blossom. Blossom
Jj Powell, New York
E F Gait, Salt Lake
F II Melburn. Utah
X N Reynolds, Ls Ang
A B Barr & w. N V
J Green, New York
SI E Ward. Reno
R M Artz. New York
P A Griffin & w. N V
G F Grlfnn. N V
Miss M Griffin. N T
J Macarthur, N V
G A Carr, London
L A Nares, Fresno
J Ersklne. N V
J F Brooks, N V
G Herman & w, N V
W M Taylor. U S N
A H Pasfleld, Mo
W F Dummer, Chicago
C M Hutchlns. Durham
M Warner. N V
C L Strange. Los Anp
C C Carpenter & w, Cal
W Douglas & w, MASS
Miss Dougrlas, Mass
Miss A Douglas. Mass
W Rapp & w. Mass.
A P Hazard & w, Mass
L Phipps. Los Ang
A J Frohman & w, Cal
D Gross. Tacoma
E Kaufman. St Louis
B OugKenhelm, Cal
J B Clayburrc. Helena
E George, Boston
F J Coakley, Boston
Dr H W Abbott. Mo
W L Reed. Stockton
Mm J E W Baxter. 11l
N Hall, Mexico
R Fleischer. Nog-ales
Mrs G T Morse. La
S V Ryland, Stockton
O H Knowlinj. Cal
F R Scarlltt. Cal
erals would b*» credited with the suc
cesses or failures, whereas, in tho
cause of temperance, the members of
the League of the Cross were ilsrhthi^
a great battle against the ealoons, anil
their reward would be greater an I
their fame undying. He directed their
attention to the renewal of their sol
emn pledge and congratulated his con
gregations- on their manliness and
strength of character.
Then followed the prayer of conse
cration, after which the pledge was re
peated by the young men. who then
knelt and prayed for a confirmation of
•what they had done. As the priest and
attendants proceeded from the Pacri.-stv
for benediction the congregation knelt
down and raised their voices in ainirinir
"O Salutaris." Rev. Father Prender
gast then intoned the solemn benedic
tion, and the services closed with the
singing of the "Te Deum."
The First Regiment of the League of
the Cross subsequently took up its sta
tion on Van Ness avenue, its line ex
tending fully three blocks, and the In
teresting ceremony of reviewing the
command was gone through. The band
and field music played martial airs aa
the regiment swung past Colonel Sulli
van and staff. The commander of the
regiment, who was recently appointed
Chief of Police of this city, received
his command in civilian uniform. The
review was made more Impressive by
reason of the fact that it was the last
time Colonel Sullivan will participate
in such ceremony, as he will resign
his commission on "Wednesday night
and devote all his time to his new
;¦: :::¦: :¦¦:¦¦:¦•:•****¦:¦ mi 1 1 m-m-
On« hundred yard dash for amateurs— W.
Wallace, first: If. Sinclair, second.
Tub race — H. Sleman, first; 11. Wander, sec
ond: F. Carroll, third.
Hlgh-divins; contest— S. Clougfc. first; 11.
Freeman, second.
Sprtns-board diving contest— S. dough, first;
11. Sieman, second.
Swimming: under water contest— H. Llecen.
first: J. Honsan. second.
NAVAL RESERVES
OUT FOR A RUN
ROUND THE BAY
Old Ship Marion Freed From
Her Moorings for a
Few Hours.
Steamed Up the Bay and Back Again
to Anchor at Her Former
Berth in Warship
Bow.
The old sloop of war Marion lazily drew
her hook out of the mud yesterday and
started on a cruise around tho bay. She
did not go far, only just far enough to
show rhe cculd go farther, and than she.
came back to her former anchorhga am!
dropped to sleep there again. She Is the
ship of the naval reserve and the naval
reserves manned her, and they took her
out and brought her bar,*; without a
break and without a professional fluke of
any kind. ;V
The first piece of work of any magni
tude the Marion presented to her crew
was about as badly fouled an anchor as
a self-respecting warship would be willing
to fix up. The chain that holds her is a
heavy one, and she had wound it around
fluke" and stock and shank until when the
hook came to the top of the water a ball
of chain a yard wide was tne first evi
dence of its appearance. With the fouled
anchor swinging at her hawse pipe she
made her way up the bay, and then after
reaching the basin off Alcatraz she hove
to and the anchor was partly cleared. In
the meantime the jib and the spanker had
been bent and set. and these, added to her
leisurely old engines, made her pick up
quite a respectable wake. She spreads
the canvas of a frigate, and when it is
all set her engines will have a hard time
to keep up with her.
Captain N. T. James was in command,
and the officers with him were Lieuten
ant Commander T. A. Nerney, executive
officer; Lieutenant W. F. Burke, naviga
tor: Lieutenants Bonney (chief engineer),
T. S. Harloe and C. R. Alberger; Lieuten
ants Junior Grade G. E. Kemmerer, Wil
liam Morrison and J. G. Morrlsey (passed
assistant surgeon); Ensigns Henry Peter
son, Speck (assistant engineer). J. K.
Burke, who was in charge of the steam
launch: J. C. Kelly, acting paymaster,
and J. F. Murphy. The warrant officers
were Boatswain Richard Schnalle, Car
penter Henry Harris and Apothecary D.
N. McMillan. Ensign Armstrong of the
Santa Barbara division was also on board,
and was assigned to duty.
Several of the officers came on board
Saturday night and messed in the ward
room for breakfast and lunch. The men
came aboard during the morning, and as
soon as they came over the side the
boatswain put them to work and kept
them hard at it for the day. and he knows
how to keep sailors busy. With the men of
the naval reserve, however, to work on
the old ship is to play, and they give
their best to the service they love. It
falls hardest on the engineer's division.
Down in the stoke hold it is hot as any
man-o'-war, and although few knew It,
there was one man fainted at his furnaces
yesterday and when helped on deck he
refused to- stay longer than it took him
to recover.
The Marlon will be moved from her an
chorage at least once a month hereafter.
Next Sunday she will be cleaned up, the
Sunday after her topsails will be bent,
and then the Sunday after, or two weeks
after, she will start out again, this time
for part of the way under sail power.
— . »
H. M. S. ICARUS ARRIVES.
Sloop of War Drops In on Her
Way to Esquimau.
The British sioop-of-war Icarus arrived
from Acapulco yesterday. She is on her
way from Central America to Eaqulmalt,
B. C, and stops here on her way north
for supplies.
Three months ago the Warspite, Pliao
ton and Icarus, under command of Ad
miral Beaumont, sailed on a cruise to
South America;- At Guatemala the ad
miral and his officers were royally enter
tained by President Estrada Cabrera, and
at Panama the squadron received a splen
did reception. From Panama the War
spite ai.w Phaeton proceeded to Peru, and
the little Icarus started back home. She
is not much bigprer than the revenue cut
ter lucCulloch. The Icarus was here onco
before about five years ago. She is ft
composite boat of 970 tons displacement,
and was built in 1885.
The transport Hancock will be released
from quarantine to-day, and the work of
removing the bodies of the soldier dead
from the vessel will at once begin. Thcro
are over 500 bodies aboard the Hancock,
and these will be taken to the Presidio
for interment or to be forwarded to the
relatives of the deceased I If It is so de
sired.
Reinsurance on the British ship Annie
Thomas is now quoted at 50 ocr cent, and
that on the American ship May Flint at
35 per cent. The former is 210 days out
from Cardiff, for Acapuleo. and the Flint
la 105 days out from Hongkonjr. for Ta
coma. It Is feared that the latter vessel
has been caught in a typhoon and been
partially dismasted. Captain Meredith of
the Annie Thompson is making his first
voyage In that vessel. He was formerly
on the British ship Dominion, but he left
that vessel the trip before she was lost.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
> Leave San Francisco via £ausaJlto Ferry.
VCtck days' ¦ ' >:»0 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Bttam-heated dosed car on all trlans.
Fare-San Francisco to Summit and Return.
p *fi Wgßgt
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G2ii KEA r.SV MT. Establbbed
In issi for the treatment of Private
IMsetuM-s, Uont MannnrxL Debility or
dlspa.srt T-.earlns'in body and mind And
Skin Dfseos«*«. Tnedocinrcureswrbini
ntbersfolL Try him. Charges low.
Cnre«c»»ri»M»^»d. Callorwrita,
Dr. J. *'. uIiiUOA. Bex i»57, 3aa i'tiacUctk
Professor Foster's Itinerary.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— Professor F. H.
Foster of the Pacific Theological Semi
nary expects to start East to-morrow. He
will next month deliver a course of lec
tures at Princeton on the Stone lecture
ship foundation, which he will repeat at
the Baptist Theological Seminary at
Chester, Pa., and later at Bradford. Eng
land. Professor Foster will be accompa
nied across the Atlantic by Rev.:(}. b.
Hatch of • Berkeley. • He will be absent
about five months.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausniito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-'7:0O. •9:!0. U:0O a. m.; fUtt,
•3HO. 6:15. «:00. «:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:M and 11:10 d. m.
SUNDAYS— •*:«>. •10:00, •11:50 a. m.; »1:15.
1:15, »4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:J5. •«:». 7:45. *3:40 a. m.;
•11 :SO, 2:15, *3:40. »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday! and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:lu p. m.
BUNDAYS-«:2a. •8:00. •10:00. 11:45 a. m.;
•1:40. •3:15. 4:45. *«:S0 d. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYft-6:«. «:«. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:55. I:SS. 3:45. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, 'Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 v. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. J:IS. 1:33.
1:00. <:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way ttatfons.
(;00 a. m. Sundays— Tomale* and way staUona.
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent. .
CoxxECTix o Trai3 Lkaves Saw Fkaxcisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In tine to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFtC p. m. with Palace and Tourist
»\ * •• v cars for Kansas City, St. Lonis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains "between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford. Visalia, Tatars DO An
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Fraedsco office. 623
•FDKPfI criAM Marfcet Street, Phone Main
TKIMU bUOiN 1531 . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramen'o. ZOl J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...fOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
-„«« c.»> irr»AVCT«!CO 8 - 8 - "PORTLAND".. ApriI M. 1100
U££*P?tE£ '.......... 8. 8. "DORA" April M. I*oo
fSEJ BA^^UNCISCO'.:::: «. S . -RAINIER" Mar 10. IKK,
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAX FRANCISCO \ S ' S ' "^ PAUL «" «« « th
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodlak and All Intermediate Points:
r™>««ri-nr "...V... S. 8. "BERTHA." oommencinjr April Bth
FROM SEATTLE a^d MONTHLT THEREAFTER.
For D~ towers, map. and further parUc«la« j- £f*Jg*«J pas»««e. apply to Al^S-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J McCormlck. Redding
J A Taylor. Roche»tet
DrT J Kemr>e. N V
J H Pattee & w, Cal
W - J Evans. Sacto
D Balfour, Woodland
W C l.owry. Minn
M M Donovan. 8 Lake
W Lawson. Alvarado
J McConashy. Cal
A F D Redfonl. Cal
A N Tralnor, Sulsun
A D Wilbur. Stockton
C Jackson, Cal
M H Feldman. Cal
n 11 Uft, p aho .
W H Murphy, P Alto
T Han for. Sacto
C S Williams. Fresno
8 P JlcKenile. Cal
W Tlllotson. Reddlnjr
J Marcus, Washington
A Rumelsburg & :.w,
Benicla
W H Whybark, Cal
H C Ray. Vlsalla
O Lazunsky, Cal
J J Gans, L Ang
W M Sims. Sacto
O S Bartels, Sacto
W S Graham, Auburn
W J Ried. S Lake
J S Herman. Fresno ,
C Pollock, Cal
Mrs Cheirnan & Son,
Los Ang-eles
A B Canfleld. St Loul!
H B Hall. Los Anjr
r R Henry, Seattle
• S H Mergrldjre. Vallejo
C F MerKrldge, Vallejo
O U Lardner. Auburn
F M Blanchard. Kern
W F Coutts, Kern
X W Card, Salinas
) .1 E Stembeck, Salinas
J M Bessie. Cal
J Kade Jr, Cal
H Greenleaf. Cal
J ,W Chandler, S Cruz
JS Leslie & w, Cal
J Ludes, Cheo
G M Pock, Stockton
M B Brown & fam. Pa
Miss M B Brown. Pa
D L, Smith & w. 11l ;
C M Harvey, Chgo
G F Talbot. ¦ Nevada
A A Smallfleld. Stocktn
1 D Kent. Sacto
, Mrs FerßUson.L Ang
J R Fitzalmmons &
fam, Spokane .
L Conrath. Smartvllle
Mrs J E HaKgart. Farg
G W HaKßart. Fargo
T McKlm, Fargo
X O'Nell. Fargo
D Glldmacher & fam.
Col v sa
; C D Mariner. Minn
C Olsen. Minn* ' v
, G Martini, . Calumet
A Ruppe, Calumet
» W D Buckley. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H G 3mlth. Vallejo
M Fltislmmons, S Jose
J M Ratto, Los Ang
J Coleman,- Sacto
J Mulroy. Modesto
S N - Peterson, v Sacto
WB Tribe :&' fam,
Ogdpn WfJBQ^
J A -Baker, Indiana
\i Cros b. Kansas
G MMajeau,;\Va»h
W Dron," Walnut Grov
A Sylvester, Newman
J B 'Field. Coif ax •••:
J S Johnson, Rio Vista
P F McDonald. Trucke
J L Henderson.- Cal-
M M Newton. Oakdale
fSilßr Nuwark, Center* Me, Kan Jcic, New
Alniaiirt', lcltoii, lloulilcr Oirek,
BanU Ciii/. tnil I'rlncipal Way
Statlona f !•:»•«
•l:l.1r Newark. Hoti Jntn, LonGatos •U:'JOi
'illtlSr llnn'era' Kxcunicn. San Josa r.r.d
WaySfrHlo-w f7igQr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
roaiSAK rr.iSCISCfI-Foat of Uirket Street <Sli» 8)—
*7:15 9:00 11.-00 A.U. U;33 *2:03 |3:00
M:CO 13:00 ?fl:C3r.u.
rtraOilUMß— r««l«rßro«4*«T.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*. K.
»g:O3 '1:03 t3:CQ «3:C3 < 1:03 '3.g3r.M.
COAST niTlsiON (nroail(lauge).
(lhlnl mid Townneml Sta.)
tiisio.v Ocean View, Boutli tan Francisco.. ]»:'dor
•;:«»»* Hati Joko awl Way fUalUns (New
Aluia<loii WuUiie*<Ujsonly) *I>3or
•UiOO* K.»u .lnati. Tren I'inua. Hantu Crux,
Tacilio Unite, l'asn UiiMca. Mail
I.uls 01.i.11.0, Surf, Lompoo ami
rrinciintl \V*y SUtlmia *JHOr
'Iliillli i San. loan nml Way HU linns 'fitSS*
•IIIUOA Sail .1..30 ami Way Stations *3<aup
t'J:l3i-S<ui JUt.ro, l.v<hTootl, ,Met:lo Park,
I'alo Alto. SauUClar.t, Kaii.lixe.
Tros Tinos. H»nt» I'm/, Eilinas,
MiMirert-y kii.l rncltio <Jrovo !•«»•¦*•*
f:i:n»i- sail. lobo niui Way Stations *~:3»p
tl:l3|. Sn:i.Jo«<iiii.l Principal Way Station* ".1:13a
t-"»:<H>p Bm Jos; anil Principal VTay Stations IDiOOa
".'»::&<»[• San .l osa nu<l l'rinciiial Wjy .Stations *8:33 a
*r.::«>f San .lose ami VT.iy Kutiona {SsOOa
Mltt.tr San Joswnml Way Stations *7:30f
A for M orntnc 1' (or Afternoon.
* Diily. t Wmi'luy exempted. J Sunday only.
ft Saturday "n'y.
a Tuesdays »nd Fridays c Thursdays and Sundays.
California limited
Santa Fe Route
•*:ir,A Newark.* '<-iil < T»lllr,.SiiiJi l ap,rcltoii,
Uou ill it i 'tt rk, Sanf a Cruz and Way
Htatlotis •3«3«r
COAST IHVIolO:! <S«rr«m <;a»:;e).
(Fot>tcf Market Street.)
FOUND DEAD IN BED
WITH GAS TURNED ON
The Son of Mrs. Bertha O'Neill of
Oakland Finds ' Hsr a
Corpse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 23.
Mrs. Bertha O'Neill, a resident of this
city since 1862, was found dead this morn
ing in her bed at her home, 1403 Chestnut
street.
One of the stopcocks of the gasjet in her
room was partly turned' open, allowing
the gas, to escape freely. The discovery
was made by her son, Edward O'Neill,
associate professor in chemistry at the
State University, who made his home
with her and who had stepped into her
room to arouse his mother for the morn
ing meal.
Professor O'Neill promptly summoned
Dr. Akerly, the family physician, but be
fore the latter arrived life was extinct.
An autopsy and inquest will be held.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Mcrtcet St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEIr.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. J:0O, 11. -CO a. m.; tf:B.
3:30, 5:10, (:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:0) a. m. : 1:30. S:3».
S:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:SO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:« S.
1:40, S:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips a:
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:li). S:4O. U:W a. m.; 1:40, 3:49. 5:03.
6:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
aame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ean Francisco. In EfTert San Franctsco.
October U» •
Week Sun- 1535. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination, days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to. 10:40 am! 8:40 ara
8:30 pm >:»im Petaluma. «:05 pm;iO:2s am
6:10 pro (:00 pm Santa Hosa. 7:33 pm| 4:12 pin
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 a:a
Healdaburf,
Lyttori.
Oeyserville.
X:3opm 8:00 airs Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:!2 pn»
7:30 ami IHoplaad and) I
I 8:0O am( Ukiah. | 7:33 pm! «.72 pax
7-30 am 1033 aa
8:00 am Guerntville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 1:23 prt
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am | 8:10 ana
and >
(:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pmf «:!2 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 110:40 am 'lo: 2s am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| | 7:33 pm| l:Z- pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprinrs and Whit- Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservtlle for Ska«g*
Springs; at Clov-erdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Fprinre. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsßad Spring*. Soda Bay. T.ak»-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Poirio.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lleriey's.
Bucknell's. Sannedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Git's
Hot Springs. Menrtoclno City, Fort Bragg.
•Westport. Usal. IVlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng'a. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsca's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 65* Market at.. Chronlcls btdg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
OIL MEN HOPE
TO GET BELIEF
FROM CONGRESS
Newly Drafted Petroleum
Lands Bill on Its Way
to Washington.
The new petroleum lands bill, as drawn
by the mineral lands committee of t'.ie
California Miners' Association and a
number of leading oil men, was sent last
week to the California delegation at
Washington by J. M. Wright, chairman
of the miners' committee. It was espe
cially directed to Congressman Waters,
who is asked to father and push the meas
ure in Congress.
Curtis H. Lindley, who is about to gj
to Washington on legal business, writes:
"When I reach Washington I shall pecurc
an introduction .to the chairman of the
committee having charge of these mat
ters, Interview our California delegation
and do everything I can to carry out the
desires of the association. All the Influ
ence possible will be wielded in behalf of
the measure, which would do so much to
straighten out the tangle in oil land mat
ters in the San Joaquln Valley and in
Southern California." . ;. ',
The Santa Fe Company is- changing
twenty-eight valley road engines in order
to use oil as fuel. Oil tanks will be dis
tributed along the line, and when the road
is opened for traffic to San Francisco noth
ing else will be used on the system in this
State. The supply for the road north of
Tehachapi will come from both the Kern
County and Fresno County fields. The
Southern Pacific is steadily increasing its
use of oil and the railroads alone offer a:i
enormous market for the product. Here
the State's oil product trebled It would un
doubtedly Boon find a demand for it all at
but slightly diminished prices. Th» fu
ture holds no threat of overproduction of
this cheap and convenient fuel in Califor
nia.
The roads from Bakersfield to the Kern
River oil district are getting very bad and
the oil men offer to furnish oil to sprinKiu
them if the Supervisors will do the rest.
They are prospecting for oil as far
north as Shasta County. Four men have
located eighty acres on Dry Creek, a
tributary of Cow Creek in Stinking Can
yon. There is a vile odor and a black
stuff exudes from fissures which inspire
confidence.
Sixty oil wells have been prostrated
by a gale at Summerlnnd. where new
wells are being sunk under the ocean.
Ventura County Is enjoying a lively oil
boom also. Many thousands of acres of
land are being secured for exploitation.
At the Park and Cliff.
It was a dreary day at the park and
beach yesterday. The few people that
ventured out went shivering on their
way in search of pleasure, but soon tired
of the undertaking and returned home to
the comforts of the fireside. But one ac
cident occurred during the day, and that
was not serious. Miss A. "Willy, who re
sides at 125 Duncan street, was knocked
down by one of the park busses and suf
fered a strained kneejoint. She was
taken to her home for treatment.
Although no special attractions were on
the bill the crowd at the Chutes was big
as ever. The guests of the resort en-
RAILROAD TRAV2I*
ROCTIIRKN l'4l'H'ir nHIPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM. ">
Train* I «•«»«• nml nr« <!•¦«• lo nrrlv* nl
v%n FUA.Nrisro.
(Main Lino, Foot of liarbct Street)
Scenes About the Works of the Sacramento Oil Company.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NOBTHWESTERN RY. CO.
umssEim
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Throughout the prayer the entire con
gregation knelt in supplication, and at
its conclusion responded with a fer
vent amen. After the singing of an
other hymn Rev. J. J. Prendergast.
vicar general, ascended the pulpit and
preached an able sermon to his
young auditors. His theme was tem
perance, and he expatiated on the good
to be gained from following such a
life. He dwelt on the terrible war now
waging In South Africa, and stated
that the men engaged in the death
struggle would receive no reward for
their heroism : that they would die and
soon be forgotten, and only a few gen-
joyed themselves with the various fea
tures In the theater and on the grounds.
The cold weather reduced the crowd that
usually gathers at Sutro Baths, but
those who went enjoyed the aquatic con
tests and features on the bill. The re
sult of the contests follow:
Fifty-yard dash for Juveniles— S. Clough,
first; H. Siebach, second.
Glimpses of Conditions in a Boom Town in Central Califor
nia Where Capitalists Are Gathering
YOUTHFUL CATHOLICS RENEW
THEIR TEMPERANCE PLEDGES
Solemn Ceremonies at the Cathedral-Colonel William P. Sullivan
Jr. Reviews His Regiment for the Last Time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
DERRICKS RISING IN KERN
OIL REGION BY THE SCORE
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
H A rich, nourishing food H
B for brawn and brain ; a
hi^w. erage, to refresh S
and entertain. M
illlk : ]Pr D> Ghirardeli Co * I
ffs*j'l \, A STRICTLY PURE ,/EJ
tar^aL N^puißt-E cocoa extract/ g|
leave — Viioit February i\ 1005. — akbivb
•7sOOa Ccnlci*, Rutaci, Elmira, VaeaTfilc,
Rnrcs:; anil btcratneato •": 15 p
•7:00 a Shut* Express- DiT^s, Willows,
Eel Bluff; I'crUaud *7t4Sr
•"::i«A Martinez, »»u lUiuou, Vallejo, Jiapa,
CalUtncaa.D<l&>nta Unsa *<l:l5r
•H:3O* Tho Orerlind Li nileil— Ojden, VeD-
»er, Omaha. Chicago *3:13p
•aitiOA Bku .lose. Llftruiorc, Ktuckton.
lone, h.ierainriito. riaccrriUc,
MarynfilU*. (Jbico, KtAJXnff HilSf
•WjIIOa •Mi;t«a,Oak<liile,toKora.Cart«n.. *l:ISr
•0:»O\ Tliiywinln, Niks and Way Stations. Ml :13a
•0:O(> a DitU, WoouUcd. Knights Landinff,
MarjßTille. OroiUlo *7»45f
•O:OOa Allialij Kxpresa— Ogden and East # 0:43 a
•l»:«l»A Mariucz, Tracy, I.*ttirry, tttocktoo,
MerenUnd l'reaon Ma«l3p
•»:»«>a rortCo»t», I'rcsuo, AU'javo ami I.on
Ampin •Otl.Tr-
• IOr««\ Vallrjo. Martlnt: and Way Ktatlona *C:43r
•II:O«\ Ntlrs. I.!T«riunrc Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Meti«lot», Jlauford. VUalia.
r.rtertllln •lil^r
•1 rS:OOx Iloywanls, Nilcs and Way Stations.
flsOOr ».icraraeiit<> IM»er Hr.o-.merc t*»:«Op
•3iOOr Haywardx. Nilcs and Way Stations. f »ils?
•4tOOrMaaiiie7. H.-m Itamon, V»llej<>,
Niifii. I,'iilUii.Kn. Kaubt Horn •!»jl.i»
MiOOr Kculcla, Vaeailllr, NaeraiiM>nti>,
Wimmllaiii!, Ki.lf.liti JjMiillne.
fttarjKTillo. OruTillo »I©:«a
•ls:!')r Nile*. Han.l«Moiiii.l.Stocktou •~:ir»i-
?3iOOr Tho Owl I.lmlt*U — Trtey, Fresno.
HaktrsUchl. baugna (cr hanta Vs.l-
lKira, L/-S A:iKile« Mi»:«a
cS;OOr Eurs t Linited-Kl Tts\ Xew Or-
l^orssn.l E.ist «lO>IS.\
«5:::0p Htockto:-. Aincetl. Fresno M2jlsf
•,",:;;i)r Kimho, lUkcrsliol-1. Mniitil liiurlwra,
1.03 Ancclea. Dcnilnc. El Pao,
Ne<T<>rltni:9»iMir.&3t •Sil.la
for MnU«» »Ml Kaxl *fi:l.-»F
•o:ttflr Haywards, Niioi ami M«m J05a...... •?;<:»»
lei.iHf VmllcJo *ia:l3p
•UiUOr Orients! Miil-Ojucn, Cheyenne,
O-aaha, Ch'<rgo »»:45a
•CrlOr Oriental Jlill— Ogden. DenTfr.
Omaha, Chicuro M»l3p
t~tOOp Vallrjn, l'.irt Cueta c:xl Way .'Ha-
tlans J9:53r
•AiDSr Oregon end California r:x|>rnw,Muc-
niiiientii. Marutillr, KnMlnir,
IVrlUu.l. I'ncpli Nimmt m»1 Knut # *il.la
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
TO •
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
'and connections.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILY,
8:30 A. M. and"6:3o P. M.
Effective February 25, 1900.
Get Information of Southern Pacific ticket
asents or-
•GKNERAL OFFICE.; 14 Montgomery st.
7DISHWASHER. Apply 629 Davis st.
BARBER: steady. Apply at 131 Third st
WANTED— Lunch waiter.' 17 Washington st.
WANTED^Bellboy at I Bay State Restaurant,
23 Stockton st: call after 10 a. m.
2 WAITERS; steady and extra. 606 Howard st.
JLOANS ONPEnsONAL PItOPERTV.
8 rnrSl"^ ,Sr°?,'*' : »>«x>naY security
only. TOLSLE\. 321 Parrott bulldln-. |
LO S T AN D KO I! M).
SffK? rVward 0 " fr"*'".".. near Eddy, and
F^r D r G " lU " na , n ' 8 >weled rlns; owner re-
<S CalXrnir. 0 ?"' A "' ance AMQCtotlon Co..
L 2i^£/ m *J l . 11 * Mtl '' r J 10110 "- containing three
bl TiK2«ii nd turr > uols « «¦«"*•• The finder will
vna f"L rr n '! lr ' lj<lb > r returning same to
Mwon t MOIUUSSET . "The Aahworth." 320
L b^s^ erbook -'- K!n<1 * r : -P««»» "turn to
butchershop, cor. Tuelfth and Howard. 1
lIELPJ WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO German cooks. $30 to $35; cook for Menlo
Park, $30; cook for mines, $35: housework,
Colfax. $30; Berkeley, $25; Oakland, $25; So-
noma, $20; San Mateo, $30; 6 second girls, $25
and $20; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, $20
and $15, city and country; French 6econd
Blrl. J25; - restaurant' wnitress, $5 per week;
cook for men, $15; 'housekeeper, city, $15;
country. $10, gentleman and 3 children, fare
here; 20 housework girls, city and country,
$30. $25 $20; 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 gutter st.
WANTED^-Glrl for general housework. 61
Cumberland st, bet". Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth, Guerrero and Dolores.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework
and cooking In Alameda.' Inquire at 405 Bat-
tery.st.. 8. F., between 10 and 12 o'clock.
NEAT young girl to assist in light housework.
22414 Sutter s»
JSftO— SAI/KIN; 1 living room: rent $22. includ-
ing water: takes in dally $S. M. GRIFFIN.
719 Market et. near Call building.
PARTNER wanted with $2»: can clear $75
month. COWING & CO.. 1110 Market St.
ir,c BARBER shop: 2 living rooms; cheap for
rash or Installments. STOLTZ. €30 Market st.
129 -BRANCH bakery, candy and milk depot
Inquire Call office.
•j7S— FIKST-CLAFS repair shop, machine, thoes
and lasts': worth $100. 2106 Fillmore ct, near
California; leaving city. '
6.MALL bakery with everything complete for
. business; old stand; fine place; good baker.
Box 422*. Call office.
A SALOON for scJe cheap; located In the
Potrero. Api'ly on premises. 1545 Kentucky.
KHIST-CLA SS grocery and bar; cheap; good
location; sicknees. Box 4341.' Ca11.
LAW office fcr e_le; 200 books; furniture;
clients: SSSO. 73 Murphy building.
1 '«• 000— GOOD business property; make offer.
Owni-r. box 4271. Call office.
A CORNER grocery and fruit .tore; rooms;
r*-nt SIQ. 1130 Market et.
1 butcher business. $1100; fixtures, horses,
ar.d wagons cost $2000; bargain. Apply
Butcher. 27S Shotwell st.
rrm sale cheap— Branch baUery and confectlon-
ery; near school; owner leaving town. Apply
F-evfntefnth and Sanchez eta.
NEW bakery or laundry: 3-can milk *-»r°n: *-
*eated rpring wagon; 3 erocery or delivery
K-axon*. C Cortland aye.
morrow. 12 o'clock. 409 Leavenworth st.
MEDA HOSKINS. 142S Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c; sit daily.
HEALING nnd develop'g medium; satisfaction;,
readings 25c and 60c this week. 942 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212^4 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c. . .•¦.;',.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis ct.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
REPPSONSIBLE card reader moved from 1322 to
142S Mission st.; satisfaction guaranteed.
1 YOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
et. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting.7:So
p m . 10c. 3230 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia,
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all: circle Tues.. Fri.. 2
p. m. : Mon.. *: 2Sc; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
| palmistry. 23c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth it.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future bus-
band's picture, 23c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
("alt. 1< pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
COTTAGES TO LET.
S-ROOM elegant cottage: modern: bath and
baggage room; rent reasonable; quiet; refer-
ences. Sl7 Seventeenth st, Oakland.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; furnished; rent reason-
able: quiet; references. 815 Seventeenth et..
Oakland.
2 COTTAGES. 4 rooms each. S3 and 115 Man-
chester tt, off Foleom; rent $S and $10; key
at 350 Preclta aye.
FOLSOM, 232 C —Cottage; 7 rooms and bath,
large yard; rent $20.
TEHAMA. B— Cottage. 6 sunny rooms: yard,
etc; business location; rent cheap.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. IC3 Collins st. near Geary.
tIO— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 124 Rose st.,
between Cough and Octavla; 1 blk from Mkt.
C-ROOM ccttage; 2S>4 Morris aye.. bet Harrl-
son and Bryant, nr. Cth: key next door. N0. 23.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
ices cuccessful. Room 310, ?27 Market at.
HOUSES TO LEASE
}l £ t£. T rrlvBt « ,l*>ardlnr house to lease:
»h» h 8t v"- : _ w " un "y rooms; modern
appointments ¦. handsome grounds. DA VI D-
bON & LEIGH. 30 Montgomery st.
HELP WANTED— AGENTS.
SOLICITOR sure of himself and able to take
entire charee of. a county in California and
by ability and tact make not less than $50 per
week on the greatest work ever published;
do not answer unless you have first-class ref-
erences. Address box 4355, Call offlce.
TWO gentlemen capable of handling high-grade
propoeltloa on one of the best publications in
the country; only men of undoubted ability
and able to earn big money need apply. Ad-
dress box 4337, Call office.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our nov-
elty machine; wrlte;:on application will send
cut and terms. THOS. K. _"OOTE CO., Los
Angeles, Cal. _-; , :¦
HARPER A BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors: entire Una. J. N.
ODELL. 20« Kearnv st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— Sthr>:' CORNER grocery and bar; living
rorm; rent $15: very best location on Twenty-
second st- stock will invoice JTOO; rare bar-
fain. Call R. G. WILKE. *Q6 Market st.
room S.
A KUOt GROCERY store: in best location In the
llistior.; 3 living rooms; bath: rent $20; a
rare ch-nc* for pood paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. room S. SO6 Market st
A— 12000; SALOON, located on Market and Tow-
el; sts.: established years: doing a first-class
paying business; rent $100; no better place or
location in this city. Call R. G. WILKE. >J6
M-rket et.. room 8.
A-$:30; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton rt; ectabl. many years and clearing
abo\e $130 r>er month. Call room 8. 906 Mar-
ket ft. R. G. WILKR
A— $S5O; DELICACY and dairy business, kept
by present owner for 9 years; a splendid busi-
ness: offer; place clearing about $90 per mo.
SOS Market Ft., room S. R. G. WILKE.
A-S4iCC: CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class
paying; only cash trade; ctock all fresh: will
Invoice the price; a splendid and rare chance.
Particulars. R. G. WILKE. &06 Market St..
room S.
A— $1*00; SALOON: choice location on Keam J
et.; erlendid business offer. Call R. G.
V.ILKE, room I. 90S Market st
A SALOON on water Irorit, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large ctock; rushing business;
no 'better location on Ka«t s£.; splendid
chsr.ee. R. G. WILKE. &0« Market fct.
A. STENBERG CO 5J3 MARKET ST
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS
Telephone Folsom 1343
H&ve cat-h buyers on hand ready to Invest,
therefore list your businesses with us
..None but legitimate propositions wanted..
TO BUYERS
"Before buying, please call on -us and
lovf-Ftisate our rroiiositions
ALSO
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
en all kinds nf furniture and fixtures
Highest cash price j>ald
for ~*>np— l merchandise and liquors
STENBERG CO.. 535 Market st
1030 — DAY saloon downtown, between the
whoJ«>a!e houses: doing good business; a bar-
Cain if sold at onr-e. M. LEPS. 763 Market Ft.
59W- BAKERY: best part of Wwaern Addition:
6 living rooms; horses; wagons; owner owns
bldg. : wl'.l giv« lease. M. LESS, 765 Market
A--sl.v>; BRANCH bakery and coffee saloon near
Market st.; a bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
fS*K>— RESTAURANT: established for 20 years;
guaranteed to clear $125 a month: owner going
out of business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment.. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. £39^4 California st. room 1.
j«v»_ SALOON with 3 living rooms; flne trade.
<~a!l at Liquor Dealers' Jeurnal, 629** Cali-
fornia st.. room 1.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, on Kearny st.: mint for
right party; cheap; see Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal, t3S'i California et.. room 1.
}4C<y>_ FIRST-CLASS ealoon. best part of town,
cheap rent, long lease, stands investigation;
worth t7WX). Call at Liquor Dealer*' Journal.
:3<>H California «t.. room 1.
BAROA IN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. C2>H California st. room 1.
A FINE cornrr saloon near Market st $709
A 12^-room hotel, with bsr 16O<>
A grted-payinr butcher shop; bargain M»0
A fin.» grocery; doing $2000 per month.... Sjno
A go<v" -paying rooming-house; cheap.... 900
Feveral other houses from $230 to 6000
A fine bakery: good location; cheap...... 400
Candy and fruit stores; all prices: barc_ns.
Sf-e MITCHELL & ADAMS. **, Market st.
FOR 1 arpair.s In saloons, groceries and bars,
cigar stores, restaurants, oyster house*,
JrrßT'-h bakeries, lodging houses, 10 to 30C
-fin— • Kf+ .T H. J'ltlPKt A- fn 79 Third Kt.
GOOD housekeeper wishes to take charge;
country; San Jose, Los Angeles or Santa
Barbara preferred. Call from 2:30 to 4:20 at
room 3, O'Farrell et.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer wishes desk room
and small salary, with privilege of outside
work. Address box 4356. Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants washing or
'housecleanlng; $1 per day, with car fare. 1206
Folsom st.
A GERMAN cook desires & place In a small
family: city or country: wages from $25 to
$30. Apply 1505 Broderick st. city. .
YOUNG woman wishes to go as housekeeper;
kind to children; neat sewer; references; no
postals or letters. Call at 1601 Turk st.
YOUNG German girl wants situation to take
care of children and do light housework. Call
at 138 Sliver st, between Third and Fourth.
AMERICAN woman wants chamberwork; is
willing and obliging. 1O6«4 Third st, room 18.
REFINED German, is a good cook, would like
position as housekeeper. Address 328V4 Tenth.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
150 Fourth st, room 7.
i POSITION wanted as lady's maid by lady un-
: derstanding hatrdressing, manicuring, etc.;
best of references. Address box 4332, Call.
WOMAN of 37 years wishes situation as house-
keeper for first-class hotel or resort; 10 years'
experience. Address box 4340, CalL
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced
stenographer and typewriter, also bookkeeper,
desires position: best references given. Ad-
. dress box 4312. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as chambermaid, seam-
stress or lady's maid; best references.' Ad-
> dress 923H Howard st
1 • *
SEAMSTRESS from New York wishes position
in private family; thoroughly competent: un-
derstands dressmaking thoroughly; no objec-
tion to traveling or assisting with other light
duties. Address or call 236 Sutter St., room 11.
WANTED— By Eastern widow, position as man-
aging housekeeper: city or country; good
home more of an object than wages; only re-
liable parties need answer; reference given.
236 Sutter st, room 11.
WOMAN wishes position In a respectable room-
Ing house or hotel to do chamber work lor
mend bed linen from 9 to 4; or will take sew-
ing home. Box 4318, Call offlce.
SWEDISH girl with experience; good cook and
laundress: city references. Call from. 11 to 5
p. m.. 1050 Howard sf. room 6. . . .
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situation
to assist In light housework. Please call at
20 Howard court -" •
HELP "WANTED MALE\ '.
WANTED— I 2 woodsmen, $1 25 to $2 day: 10
railroad tiemakers. 12 cents each; 10 wood-
choppers, 80c, $1 and $2 75 cord; 5 shingle bolt
makers, $1 50 cord; 3 milkers, $25 and $27 50:
sausage maker, $4 and board; harness maker
for ranch, $30 and found; 3 farmers and vine-
yard men, $1 day; driver for milk wagon. $20
ar.d found: cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
EMPLOYERS DO AS OTHERS DO
35,000 EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Do now send their orders to MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.. for skilled and
unskilled help; MURRAY & READY have
each person listed -for situation for which he
Is Individually adapted.
Help furnished free of charge .
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
3 stablemen city and country Jobs
130, $25 and found
Painter who can letter, near city
$35 and found
Wheelwright, also blacksmiths and helpers,
$2 50 day; milk wagon driver, $30 and found;
3 boys for stores. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st.
14 COOKS $35, $45, $23, $30, $23 and found
16 waiters, some dress suits
$35, $30, $25. $20 and found
3 Vaundrjmen, lroners and washers, $30 and
found- candy-maker, $40; second bread baker.
$9- young man for delicacy store. $40 and
found; baker boys. MURRAY &. KEADY.
634-636 Clay st.
FARMS.. ..DAIRIES WOODS AND MILLS
37 milkers and butter-makers. $40, $35. $30. $25
and found ••':""'•". V.
45 farm orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $30. $26. $23, $20 and found;
6 choremen and b0y5. ...520, $15. $10 and found
293 woodchoppers. tiemakers, shingle nnd box
bolt makers, picket and post makers. $2 50.
$2 $1 50 $1, 75c cord. $4 50 per 1000, 10= to 13c
each. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
23 GOLD silver and coal miners, $2 50. $3. $3 50
day. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK and wife for 20 men at a mine. $45 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-CJ6 Clay st.
WANTED— Piper for hydraulic mine, $C 0 per
month and board and free fare. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st. - ¦'" - .
WANTED— Dairyman, small dairy, good steady
place, $30 and board; 2 milkers, $25: gardener,
near 'city, ' $1 25 per day and board: farmers,
woodchoppers and others. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy . 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS Iron workers on ratlings and
iron doors. ERODE & CLARK. 623 Howard.
STRONG boy: wages $4. 212 O'Farrell st
BUTCHER boy wanted. Call at 344 Thirteenth
st, bet. 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening.
WANTED— Strong boy; 16 years old. 24 Com -
merclal st.
WAITER for lunch house from 11 to 1 p. -m.
115 Drum m . st_ ' ¦.
TWENTIETH. 3442. near Capp— Lower flat of 4
rooms and bath.
TWO sunny flats, upper and lower; 4 and 5
rooms. 904-906 Minna st, above Tenth.
2 SUNNY lower flats, 4 rooms each; newly
papered; $10. 110 and 1164 Perry st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. near Call bldg.
7 rooms: rent $25 $175
10 rooms; rent $35 $375
35 rooms; a flne money maker $900
26 rooms; corner; all light rooms $1000
$200—11 ROOMS; near Market st; all rented;
must sell. BASILE. i Eddy st.
$400; NETS $45; 12 rooms; Van Ness aye., near
Market st. : can be seen 10 to 4-to-day. Room
EB. 1236 Market, st.
LODGING HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices: money loaned buyers. Rooms.
1 and 2. 917 Market st
ROOMING house— 2B rooms and bath; full, with
steady roomers: cheap; owner leaving city.
420 Sixth st.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying transient
house: north of Market: will stand Investiga-
tion. Pac. States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott big.
14 WELL furnished rooms; rent $23; no agents.
856 Howard St.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale
bargain. 130 Second st. : no agents.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
NEW flats; light, sunny; 5, 6 rooms; yard:
basement. 2129 Jones ft., near Greenwich.
SUNNY flats of 5 and 6 rooms; flne view and
large yard. 707 Stockton st.
XO let— Modern flat, 7 rooms and bath: SI7H
Geary St.; $35. LANDRY C. BABIN, 413
Kearny st.
TAILORESS wanted. 1154 Harriet ?*.
WANTED— 2 girls about 18; plece'work; no ex-
perience required. Address box 1089, Call.
WANTED— FemaIe help at the National Laun.
dry. 411 Sanchez st.
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 5V4
Kearny St.. room 18. top floor.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A BRANCH office for the reception, of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
DECK EIVS~BARGAINS— SEE THEM.
80 rooms; new furniture $5300
8-room new flat s'»
28-room house; clears $100 530
110-room corner house 4SOO
52 rooms; flne corner: clears $230 ISOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 900
7-room house: only 150
24 rooms; easy payments 800
32 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms on O'Farrell st 323 1
10 rooms on Taylor st.; worth $SOO 43rt
32 rooms; corner: clears $130 160*)
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4SOO
Mod. house; elev.; clears $300; 84 rooms... 6500
Tel. John 51. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
$250— 10-room lodging-house, near Market st. ;
rooms always full: a good paying proposl-
¦ tton ; rent $25. M. LESS. 765 Market st
TO trade for lodging-house in this city— A lot
In Portland, Or. M. LESS. 785 Market St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALiS.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await situa-
tions. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
AN English woman: good cook and house-
worker; $15 to $iO. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
A GERMAN girl: first-class cook; city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
A SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
seamstress: best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation: good cook and houseworker: refer-
ences. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
best city references: city or country: also a
first-class Kwedls.i cook desires a situation.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation:
best city references; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 223 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl deelres sit-
uation: 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ,
STRICTLY .first-cIaES Danish cook wants posl-
¦ tlon In Institution or hotel: has very best ref-
erences. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
RESPECTABLE woman, first-class cook and
housekeeper, wishes a situation In a small
family; good home more of an object than
wares; no postals will be answered. Call be-
tween 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. at 770 Harrison st
A POSITION of trust and responsibility is de-
sired by a neat young lady who Is competent
to assume full charge of business offlce, in-
cluding bookkeeping, stenography, type-
writing: salary nominal; references. Address
box 4274. Call.
FLATS TO LET,
CLARA, 217— Sunny bay-window flat: 3 large
rooms; $8 10: no children.
CORNER upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; flne
view; $14. Flat of 4 rooms and bath. $10.
Flat of 3 rooms, $7. Key at 4499 Seventeenth.
FLAT of 5 rooms; modern; bath, etc.; rent
$12. 9118 Filbert st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER rooms; bath; stable. 3073 Twenty-
fourth, nr. Folsom; cars pass house: rent $17.
NEW upper modern sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath. 975 Golden Gate aye.. opposite Jeffer-
son Square.
spiritualism.
attention:
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicine." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly conflden-
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and upward.
Dla_-no«is Fre».
N. B— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061 Sev-
enth aye.. East. Oakland.
Tak* the broad-gauge ferry and get oft at
Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
A— s3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 73; fine suit. $10.' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, plan's, lathes,
iron & wood; 2d-hanJ. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ia th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano far
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market »t
WANTED— A camera In good condition. Ad-
dress box 4223. Call.
SMALL milk route; not less than 4 cans per
day. Address box 4297. Call.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. Saa Fran-
cisco.Tron Yard. 204 Mission st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No. 30 Oeary St.. established over 6 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st, near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post st; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 414H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 228 National aye.. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. « California st.
YOUNG girl wanted for Alameda; general
housework. Apply at 1064 McAllister st. Mon-
day, between 3 and 4 o'clock.
GIRL for cooking and housework. 28 Columbia
Square, between Sixth and Seventh, Folsom
and Harrison.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st. • .
COCKER spaniel purs; 4 months old; Cn»
pedigree; reasonable. 722 Pevlsadero st.
DOMESTIC sewing m achlne;7 drawers: plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
DR. CREELY"S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
ICE machine for sale; in good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell st.
GARDENER. thoroughly competent man,
wishes situation for orchard, nursery or large
private place: no trlflers. A. V.. Swiss Hotel,
627 Commercial st.
JAPANESE boy wants to do housework. 707
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-557 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beattog Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
»t.-. cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
% YOUNG ladles for cashiers In coffee parlors
and bakery; must have experience and refer-
ence. Apply A. BREUSS. 517 Montgomery st.
A NEAT girl for housework. Apply 2205 Scott
st. near Clay.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1626 Devisadero st. :
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; must make
first-class buttonholes. 956 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on cloaks and appren-
tice wanted. Apply 1236 Market st.. room 97.
GIRL 13 to 16 years, assist in light housework;
$6. 2005 Pine st. ; call mornings.
WANTED— A girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st ¦"¦¦" -¦>';;/"?-
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 1362
Geary st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom vests.' 539
Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 27 Moss
street.
WANTED— A good hand for dressmaking.
Room 131, Murphy building.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 1434
Golden Gate aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
1021 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG girl to assist at housework; must Bleep
at home. Call at 819 Turk st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking. Apply at 2604 California st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 3037 Washington st
GIRL to assist In light housework; wages $10.
76S Hayes Et. ¦
YOUNG girl to mind 2 children, 4 and 6 years
of age. Apply 818 Hayes St.. near Webster.
WANTED— GirI or woman for housework. Ap-
ply 548Fellst
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages $12
to $15. 1920 Sutter st
GIRL for light housework residing- with par-
ents; sleep home; references; $10. 605 Jessie.
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
from $14. SO7 Filbert st.
GIRL or woman to assist in light housework;
wages small. IV6 C*>dar aye.; top bell.
WANTED— A refined young woman as nursery
governess to take care of six-year-old boy;
must have best of references; German pre-
ferred. Call at 1905 Van Ness aye., between
10 and 12 a. m.
WE want solicitors for Woman's Home Com-
panion; subscription books, etc.; easy terms
and good commissions. Western Advertising
Co., 313 Bush St., San Francisco.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work in Levl Strauss & Co. s
overall factory. 32J4 Fremont st MR. DA-
VIS, Supt
GARDENER— Situation wanted by single man:
fully understands his business; first-class ref-
erences. Address box 196. San Rafael.
FIRST-CLASS '-man wishes a position; very
best of references. Address box 4306. Call.
DRUG clerk wishes a position as clerk: refer-
ences given. Box 4208. Call.
EXPRESS wagon; single or double: cheap. 1123
Mission st, coal yard.
WANTED by a young man to take care of
horses or any other position. Address box
43CJ, Call:'
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 2CO new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom St.,
near Eiehth.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for th# reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
AN exnerleheed woolen stock and sample man
would like situation with first-class house:
good examiner and hard worker. Address box
4290. Call. ii
COACHMAN and wife; man a thorough coach-
man; wife as maid and seamstress or to take
care of private place; references. C. S., 1022
Jackson st.
SMALL, active elderly man would like situa-
tion as cook; city or country. Address J.
HENDERSON. 629 Clay St.
GARDENER-German (single) desires a steady
position; long experience; references. Please
address F. W.. box 4259, Call.
AS barkeeper by a respectable middle-aged
man; single; best of references: city or coun-
try. Barkeeper, 87 Third St.. room 2.
JAPANESE boy, well speaking, for position
cleaning offices. . Address FRANK YOSHI-
NAGA. 1001 Market St.. Van Vroom.
WANTED— By young man in San Jose, agency
for household or food article: canvass or dis-
tribute; no books. Address GUY R. MERRI-
MAN. 952 South Seventh st. San Jose, Cal.
FRENCH cook wishes position; worked In the
btst hotels In France and In the East; best
references. ¦ Addref a box 4320. Call offlce.
ALL-AROUND cook; wide experience; good
reputation: wants situation. GEORGE
STOLL. 106 Eddy st, room 39.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A^mjA?loTr^nte^"bjr_rcook and wife in
country hotel or boarding house. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tlnter; first-class,
up-to-date mechanic, with complete outfit;
competent to take any Job, city or country:
will work reasonable: high-grade decorating,
papering and lincrusta a 1a 1 specialty; day or
contract. . Box 4355, Call office.
A YOUNG man desires position In some store
(to learn); will make himself useful; could
Invest as partner later on or buy; references.
Box 4273. Call. .
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36". Fremont st; elevator.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st • • ¦ . 1-^
A BRANCH -office for. the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
RESPECTABLE, honest woman wants light
housework, offlce cleaning, scrubbing or
chamber work. Address or call 842 Alabama.
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class cut-
ter.and fitter; goes out by the day; make suit
in one day. 1532 Polk st.
YOUNG woman wants situation In small fam-
ily; is a good cook; can give references. Call
at 268 Fell st".
MAN.' ar.d' wife "want situations as cook and
laundress for hotel or summer resort, ola
Ash aye. • • - -
ELDERLYIady wishes to- assist In light house-
work; more for a home than pay. 29 Eddy st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and .respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
. : -7\ HELP "WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HA^SEN^CO/irfTlM GEAR! ST.
Wanted— Monday morning af7:3o. with blank-
ets ready to start, 50 scraper teamsters, hola-
' ers'a.id loaders, for the Coast Railroad. Santa
Barbara County; free fare; bring your blank-
ets and lunch, ready to go on train.
100 eoa! miners; 6 quarts miners. $2 50 day; 2
house painters, country hotel. $1 23 day and
found, see boss here; blacksmith s helper, iJ.
Coachman and gardener, with references;
private place; $35 and found. - •"" •'*''
French -or Swiss second cock, hotel. $75:
baker and pastry cdokv country hotel. $60;
baker, country shop, $15 and found; second
Waiter. country club, $33; 2 neat hotel wait-
ers, country. $25; waiter, country hotel. $2* *0.
Colored waiter, country hotel. $33.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
"""*.*.".*."*.".*.. ...""wanted " to-dat
.Ship To-morrow U'"V
A gang of railroad teamsters for Coast Road.
Santa Barbara County
Free Fare •• ••••
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t-
S23O— WANTED: sober, steady man as partner
In old established saloon; will take part cash,
balance easy terms. 79 Third st.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and Jobbing
gardening. Call 500 Haight st.
BOY about IS to run elevator. Apply ROBERT
L. TOPLITZ & CO.. 549 Market st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop: $2 per week. 80S
Howard st.. bet. 4th and Sth. over ball court.
BEDMAKER at 52 Second st; one with city
reference preferred. Call after 7 a,, m.
BARBER shop for sale; running 3 chairs;
steady; established 11 years. Apply 103 Eddy.
WE want solicitors for "Woman's Home Com-
panion," subscription books, etc.: easy terms
and good commissions. WESTERN ADVER-
TISING CO.. 313 Bush St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Man of good appearance and edu-
cation to Interview professional and business
men. Address, statins age and experience.
box 4219. Call office.
MEN end women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st
WANTED— Steady man, satisfied with $15 to
$18 per week, to keep plain accounts and as-
sist in light work; small capital required.
1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED^-Buyer and manager for glove de-
partment; must be thoroughly experienced and
have first-class references. Box 4330. Call.
GARDENER can find work by Inquiring at the
Pacific Nursery, cor. Baker and Lombard sts.
WANTED— German painters to organize on
Wednesday, Feb. 28. on cor. of Seventh and
Natoma sts. at 8 p. m. sharp. Committee.
WANTED— First-class outside man for print-
ing offlce. Box 4300. Call offlc*.
WANTED— Competent stationer for Inside
work; must be sober, and active. Box 4298.
Call offlce.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 73c to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and sailors for England. Africa
and steam whalers at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
FURNISHED rooms, 75c. SI. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 614 Fourth st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st Branches— San Francisco. New York.
St. Ltrals. Chicago. Minneapolis.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to .know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno" House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large j
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. i
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST^Fox~terrier bitch, from wagon. Market
st. near Sixth. Finder return to 442 Valencia
st. and receive reward.
FOUND— A young: Gordon setter dog. i;j
Guerrero st.
FOUND— The pin which was lost at Dickey' s
roadhouse In November. 1533. Owner win
please address note to M. Box 111. Call Busi-
ness Office.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles* physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; jruarant^d
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in or.c
day; 13 years' successful practice In S. F. :
maternity home: low fees. 1007'. a Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renownej
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guarantee!
Write or call at 1023^. Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; homo
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at o?-
flce, $5; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post st. between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. b«>t.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, ii.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies* special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: safa
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to I.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st; every case guaranteed: $5 up.^
DR and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homa
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
IXVALIDS who find no relief from druggtsg
the stomach to investigate Dr. Conant*
method of absorption, which never fails. Call
or address for Sooklet. Antdrosis. 47 Post,
offlce No. 5: gents' baths. «; ladles parlors. 3».
MINES AND MINI.NG.
7L\isK\^Half Interest in 8 claims: good pros-
* pects- Forty Mile district; American terri-
tory; will take in partner. 143 Third st
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. M^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, offlce furniture, store ana et-
flc<» ' furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-ICiJ Mission
st. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mlrr ora .
bought, sold and exchanged. 1083 Mission at.
OH MEN engine 12x12; nearly new; about «
horsepower; cost $1000; will ba so.d cheap.
221 First St.. top floor^
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable eafety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, eta Tna
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
2 GREAT Danes, male and female, just Ira-
ported from Europe; they are good — au-h
dogs; would suit for a large property. Aii-
dress M. SAULAGE9. 543 Broadway.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, ta-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21g Spear st.
A NEW 10 H. P. marine engine; also 3 H. P.
portable engln© and boiler; $50. Address box
2710. Call offlce. Oakland.
EDISON concert phonograoh. price reduced t»
$100: concert record 3. $2 50. BACIGALLPL
933 Market St.. San Francisco. .
A $75 WORLD btka ia good condition. 23
Chase st. Oakland-
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT, 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
2 waitresses Santa Monica. $20, free fare; 2
waitresses, Coronado Beach. $20; 2 waitresses,
Fresno, - $?0; 2 waitresses, Visalla, . $20; Mon-
terey, $20: 7 waitresses, city, $20; 4 restaurant
waitresses, {6; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses,
$5; woman cook, $33.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse for 1 child, $20; colored cook, $25; 2
cooks, city, $30; 5 other cooks, city, $25: 5
cooks, country, $25; 25 houseglrls, $25, - $10;
cook, country, ?30, see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
HOUSEGIRL, two in family, $30; chamber-
maid and seamstress. $25; second girl, $20; 2
nursegirls, $15 and $20; two nursegirls, $12
each; cook. .Napa, $35, see party here Mon-
day; two houseglrls, Oakland, $25 and $20, see
party here; neat young girl to take care, of
one child, $12 to $15; cook, boarding-house, $25:
waitress, Los Gatos. $20; must go Monday;
waitress, city, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman of good dispo-
sition to care for 2 children: very nice place:
short distance in country; $20 per month and
good home. W. D. EWER & CO., Employ-
ment Agents, 610 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework, Col-
llnsville, $20, fare paid; housework, city, $3'),
2in family. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
BAA FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSty_s9 OFFICE rf the Fan Francisco
Cfell. crrrer r.f Market and Third streets, open
cr:tll 12 o'clock every right !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— — 7 Montgomery street
fon:rr Clay; epen _:>tll S:2O P- ~.
? ri <l Have* *'.:eet; cjx-n until *:St> p. m.
€29 McAllister ttreet: open until 9.30 p. m .
CIS LerU'.n tUvfl: oj#n un::: ? :3J p. m .
3^<l IttedMl EtK*t: open -r.:il 10 p. m.
"Cl SSarket ¦treet. ccmtr Sixteenth; open
tnt'.l ? j>. m.
3C6 Q-veatfc «tr-«t: crn until 9 p. m.
IOM Valencia strict: cpen until » p. m.
122J TY!k rtreet : cr*n until 5 P- m.
Northwest ccir<r cf Twenty-secc-.nJ and Ken-
tucky ftrwis: r.pt-r\ uT:til 9 r. m.
$20— FLAT; 6 rooms and bath. 16 Pearl st, bet
Valencia and Guerrero.
$30; MAGNIFICENT flat to let: 6 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements: centrally lo-
cated: Western Addition; north Bide. Apply
owner, 113 Bush St..
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance,
test business medium; life reader: also mcdl-
cal clairvoyant: stamp for circular: sittings sL
DINSMORE. clairvoyant: private sittings; mar-
velous results; grand test seance every Tues-
day and Fr'.Jay evenings at 7:20. 21S Eddy st.
WATSON, palmist and medium: readings 25c
and 50c, with beautiful charm tree, lasl Mar-
1-et st. •
ARNOLD. DICKSON give everybody tests tr>-
night. 10c; sittings, 2oc, EOc. 148 Sixth, room 1
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth s.t, near Mission
MOTHER SADIE materializing seance to-
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent ; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing- business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. t.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 845 Markat
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, lezartes. life Insurance; chattal
¦ mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN, room IS. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: to* all others, then see me; $i*>
to $109,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests la
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advica
ana money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 M-xke-..
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonda.
MONEY to loan on renl estate, notes, bonds,
personal property, lowest rates: writ* or call
1 to 2. DEWING. 75 Chronicle building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Excbaase. 431
California st. -'-' - -
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: r.o removal; low rates
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.^
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture ox pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 2J Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates- take elevator. Tel. Davis 99j.
ON furniture an.l pianos without removal :qulc!«
service: money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 6S>7 Poncho* building. 1170 Market »t.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent noremoval: no commission. It. 81. «Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 326 Parrott bul'.d-
l nK _Clen can secure loans on personal note.
\t i«i per cent per month, oa furniture. 12!3
Polk st o__rO_MAX. ¦.
CX^II loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRKLU «<X> Examiner building.
V,'J TO $50 000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DP.YDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property In mortgaged and you need,
more money see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market at.
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndorser:
her propositions: private room*. San Fran-
sco Discount Aconcy. H3 Phelan bulldlnir.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking: small
family; wages $15. 603 Baker St., cor. Fulton.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse girl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
15-HORSE power boiler and engine. 315 Rail-
road aye.. San Francisco, south.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 1 drawers: platel:
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 13th.
RAMBLER tandem; In good condition; new
tires; will sell cheap. 121 Powell st.
ALL kinds cf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
SITUATION wanted as engineer or fireman;
city or country; by a steady man; reference
given. Address box 4301, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
BUSINESS -CHANCES— Con'tlnned.
ALL KINDS OF BARGAINS— SEE THEM.
Oyster house: clears 1300 *:200
Cigar store, JI2W; cigar store.: 500
Produce, butter and «rgs «50
Hotel and bar, 14000; hotel and bar 1«™
Meat market: clearing $250 1203
Krult and grocery store *}**
Saloon: fln>- location "°j|
Grocery and bar. <«00; grocery and bar.. ICOO
Grocery and bnr. grocery and bar.... jOJ
Stationery and book Ftore *™
Branch bakery. $1^0; branch bakery 550
Stationery and notions *£J
P.rass foundry: clears $3ilo •• *;?*J
Coal, wood and feed. VXk'O; coal and feed. u«i
Otndy store. $3X>: candy store '»
Drug st^rein good country town »»«7
Blacksmith fhep .-•- r*>
Teaming business: clears $jOO U^SrV
=*> PLACES THAT I DO NOT ADVERTISE.
Tel. John SI. H. C DECKER.
1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List whatever you have for ewe
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at. opp. Flftn.
A~PARTY wanted with small amount of money
to take interest as one of the promoters of a
company now forming to develop a large
industry that is safe, sure and very profitable;
this is no mining or oil scheme. Box 4335,
Call.
IJAJZBER shop (four chairs); 15c shop: low
rent; 3 llvln«r rooms: partly furnished; price
JS2S. SCHWEINHARD & CO., rooms 1 and 2,
917 Market st. (opp. Mason).
BRANCH bakery, notions and laundry, gro-
cery and paper agency; doing good business;
flne location; 4 rooms; large yard and gar-
den; papers and laundry pay rent; $650.
Box 23. Call branch. 106 Eleventh Bt.
FOR sale— ls,ooo-gallon tank, windmill and
pump. IS2S Fifteenth tt.
TO LET- Cafe privilege at Lurllne Baths, Bush
and Larkin sts. Apply on premises^
FOR sale— Old-established restaurant; good
business: ch?ap; sickness. Box 4268. Call.
C^NDY store and factory wanted: principals
only; must be In city. Box 4266. Call offlce.
SMALL fruit store for sale; cheap. 1600 Mis-
sion st. '» - ;-
MARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Public— Offlce
«Ith A. M. Sneck & Co.. real estate 667 Mar-
l;et at.; cor. Third: telephone Main E99S; resi-
dence 21C3 Geary st.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for kale.
Box «. Oakland Postotflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A contractor and builder, to take
«n interest and give a general management
in securing and executing contracts for a
fireproof construction that has been thorough-
ly established and earning large divldendb.
Address J. X.. box 4257. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
tubscriptiocE has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till 9p. m.
A~BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. "t. ~""s, '""HlGGlNSV dental" parlors. 927
Market st. over Cafe Zilnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas' or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most- artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from {1 up; other fillings from 00c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
(4 £0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, 15; a
full Fet of teeth on a gold plate, 125; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; ccc our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c: crowns. J3 50; all work
f>alnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth Bt
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rra. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns. •
13 50 up; plates, extractions free: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
. derful secret method; crowns, 12; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction, EOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL- gold filling inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
Jl. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, «3; fillings, 25c.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week: we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without . plate. DTL S oT
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st
OHIO Dental T>-»-lors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'3 Dog Hospital. Post Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 SO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March; patterns
cut 25c ur>. 103 Post st
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles* Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3&7 Geary st; dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. V.— '
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as It is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building. j
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mcch.. survey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers— !
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 5. 6; hrs. 2-8.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, 1^0; send for catalogue.
I PIANO lessons 50c at pupil's home; references.
I Box 4346, Call.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a specialty
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching: day, evening. San
Francisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.Merkl. success-
ful teacher. lOCS Mission ;best m»thods.results.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy
MI__TI\G NOTICES.
GCLPKN GATE Com msndery No. 16. .Jf^
X T.. Golden Gite Iniildin-. «» But- Wj
t*r st.-^'i:al a— embly THIS EVEN- ffj
]N"G r.t S o'o!o<k. The orJT Of the Vff^
Te.-n'ule will te <-onf<*rreo. All fraten V
a reoourteou,>y^^_ RKiu
WM! T. FOXDA^ - Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. J»
M -THIS iMONDATI RVBStXQ. at _J\^
7:8!) o'clock. fc'econiJ desree. By orJei lt_K
of the W. M. / — "
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec
kINT. SOLOMON'S Is'dz e No. 2<"A F. n
nr.c A M . Franklin Hail, Fillmore st .. JV,
.-...„.. nnsli an.l Fatter— Third «J e S re *7%>>
THIS EVENING at 7:30.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
ALTA L^R* No. -1". I- O. O. F-- -_gS___^
- h rial ' 'iiil- 'M'iNl>AVijlg_sHL4
] \ MXG Fell :. Visitors >"•
Vtted. It. PATIKRSON. N. G. twocs*-
CIS. J. NERR. Ilec. Sec^
6t"amjrevv v s society-open v 57 >^
mer-ting on MONDAY EVENING. SV. QvJ
L'fth in^t.. at Seottlstl Hall. 117 I-ar- "T>_4£>
V.n Bt. J_«_nheri m>J friends invited:
VVILLIASI BALXAVRS, I'resident.
A. R. PATTERSON, Peo-etery-
THE «"allfr-rn:a Debris <.'cmrr.'.?Kli.n having re-
reived aiiPikations to n:ine l>v the hydraulic
rrwpss from A. B. Jarks in the. Badger Hill
rrin*-. noar Planish Ranch. Plumas County.
tr, deposit tailings fr. Whltlock ravine; from
Manuel Lcai, in the Union mine, in New
Y<rk Township. Yuha County, to <iep' sit
raiMr.gs on N>»- York fiat: from Walfr E.
Peterson, in the Manila Placer mine, near
leo, Fhasta <"oumy. to dep< sit tallincs in a
work-ed-out pit. an<l from the Cherokee
Gravel and Go.d Mining Company. In the
«'hero.kee gravel m'ne, near, barters. Tuo-
!::mr.e County. 10 deposit tailings in Bear
<'re<>k, cives notice that a meeting wl'.l l-e
hpld at ropm r.s. Flood buHdinc Fan Fran-
<-;sen. Cal..- on March E. !!*». at 1:30 p. m.
ASTROLOGY.
Fp.6fTa~MASERy' of Egypt, greatest aftrolo-
#r'.st and palmist in the world: satisfaction
ruarar.teed. 457 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
KOWE. atty at law. 850 Sarket. cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
T. 11- MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
— SK4 rrartire at 503 Cal. Ft.. Clunie bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis blflg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with grown family wishes young child
to board: good home. Box 4349, CalL^
WANTED— I or 2 children to board in German
family; best care. 4ff Minna st
PRIVATE family will board child I years and
rver: sunny yard: terms SlO. 5344 Valencia.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hci-Hi Bock Co.. 704 Mission st. n»ar Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S chocs. neat and good, special.. 6sc
Ladies- lace or button shoes, special $100
r-n pair rr.'.n's Fhoes. all Flies, special $1 15
People's Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Br'dwy.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071 t 4 Market st: examination free; German
eyewater by mail.' 50c. Phone. Mint. 257.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES ¦ for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
50 HEAD flne draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some flne matched black teams.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 6C5 G. G. ay.
FLATS TO LET.— FURNISHED.
BIRCH AYE., 5—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
BUCHANAN, 1911— Handsome sunny house; S
rooms: Just renovated: rent $40.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely furnished; rent' reasonable.
Apply at 309 Hyde st. from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
ENAMELLED iron beds, all sizes, $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard; 7-plece bedroom set. $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310. 1312 Ttockton st,
near Broadway... •
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap; no
dealers. 252 H Clementina «t.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE . WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY- buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J.- T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send fcr clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1923. bet. Laguna and Buchanan
— Elegant house of 12 rooms, bath, servant's
room, etc: newly renovated. For further par-
ticulars apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. l\
Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
155S Fell: 7 mis $27 50 242S Oeary: 6 rms.slS 00
2039 Howard: 9 r.. 27 50 4248 26th; 5 rooms. 12 M
HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: S2IV4 Dolores st
bet Twenty-first and Twenty-second- $16 In-
quire en premises.
LAUREL' aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts :
5- room house and bath; formerly $20. now $11.
METCALF place. 18. off Geary st.. bet Mason
and Taylor:— Sunny house: five rooms: bath.
8
311 MCA L. I»TKI'.MK.\TS.
KNABE pianos; new scale;. new styles. KOII-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell »t. .
ALL Sheet Music sold at half the marked prica
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GOOD square. $30; upright. $150; great bar-
gains at MAUVAIS'. 7t» Market «t.
THE best music box In the world Is the Olytn -
pla: sold on Installments or for cash at
MAUVAiy. 763 Market st.
FINE Cabinet Grand upright: $130; sold on ac-
count of departure from the city. Room 10.
Flood building.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planoa: price* reduced to insur* prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. K4 Post st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer planoa. Bpencer
.W&rt rooms, ms Market *vBAY AND RIVER STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJo/
Steamer "Monttcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:4J
a. m.x 3:13. $:» p. m. («x. Thurs. night); Fri-
days.' l p- m. and «:30: Sundays. 10:10 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and offlee. .Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FAP.E ......50«
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
'Mary T. Morgan to Orvtlle D. Baldwin, lots
67 and 58. Gift Man 2: $10.
Edmund E. Hill to A. A. Sanderson, undivid-
ed half Interest In lot on W corner of South
Hroderick street and Park road, S 143:8. W 128.
NE 42:11 to b?nd In road, NE 152:1. block E.
Park Hill Homestead No. 2; grant.
Angelo and Antonette L. Ferrogglaro to Dan-
iel O'Sulllvan. lot on NE ' line of Falkland
(Sixteenth) avenue, 175 NW ¦of Susquehanna
rtreet (N). NW 125 by .\E 100, block 306, Case
Tract; $10.:
Builders' Contracts.
Independent Electric Light and Power Com-
pany (owners) with Gray .Brothers (contract-
ors), architects Reid. Brothers— All work for
flre-prooflng of four power stations, main cen-
tral station between Humboldt and Twenty-
third streets, from W line of Georgia eastward:
sub-station B. on E line of Eighth street, be-
tween Mission. :and, Minna; sub-station- I:,' on
N lme of. Mission' stiret. "between -Third and
New Montgomery; sub-station D, on N line or
Sacramento ~ street, between Montgomery and
Bansome: main central station, $3437; sub-sta-
tion B, ?443: sub-station C, JJl2;,*ub-jtatlon D,
$331; total, $1.'03.
PHff'Biyiß* Th " s - s - AustralU
I&9*+%UL " l!s for Honolulu
r^ r " mam^ Wednesday, March 7.
¦ WO. at 2 p. m.
04/7tV\ Tb « 8 - s - Marlpos%
iSIWinSn 0^ 8all » Tl * Honolulu and
Auckland for Sydn»v
(O(no2fiir > Wednesday. March 2L
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. N>w Zealand. Australia. India. Sues,
England, etc.: I? 10 first class.
1. D. SrxcUXtLS & Bh0i». CO.. Aqts.. H4 HontgowwH
Plar 7. Fml Pacific St Freight Offlc-. 321 Market St.
VOKFAONIE GENERALE TRASSATLiSTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE ti> IIAVRE-PARI3. xj,,
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at — ¦— -.—
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Rlv«r. foot o*
Morton st.: LA TOURAINE. March 1: t>-\
BRETAOXE. March 8; L'AQUITAINE. March
tt: LA CHAMPAGNE. March 23. First clua to
Havre. $S0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $45: S per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AOENCT FOR IT.VITKD STATES AND CAN-
ADA. $2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FTGAZI &. CO.. Pacific Ccast
Agents. 5 Montgomery it*.. San Francisco.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 23.
CaTl for M»r>* «nd Diagrams.
ECL GETZ & nnOTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKED BUILDINO.
OXLY frno ea<-h-In order to close nn account
I offer 2 of the chelcwa lots in Richmond for
'iu6t the amount loaned on oach lot: on Tenth
eve., pa ;he elevated groun-1, commanding the
fine "marine view; c!o*c to the electric cars
thai n;n en Clemert ft., transferring with
Patter rt.: *H street work 'lone and graded:
If a tuyer do«w riot orlnh to r>«y all cai>h I
Ti-!!! fcivc eary term*; $1-0 down and quarterly
j.iym*rti<: any *>ne wanting to get a home
v.tli rtcure one "t the*e lot«: they aro very
rheep "rd destrml—*; Kunny l'K-atlon; Ju»t of-
f<r»rl for flrrt t'mr; r<z» 2TxCJ. Call at cn<-e.
V.'. J. OI.'XS. '-20 California *t.
f CHOICE U*t cri Cliattanooga «:.; 22:«x!17:«;
•i*ar '~A n.. all Ht»»t work <lone; electric
• n-rr ij»s« Sn front; on the rrad»; will wll
it.r tl'Jti to flo** an »<-<-ount: the lot ••<»« over
Er7SO: a very ties-liable location; surrounded
with nice h<»Ti''*; runs through to «treei ;a
rear. ; V.\ J. GUNN. <i3O California H.
IF you have lot* la RJchm-jnU district, north of
th* I'*rU. thnt you -wjyli to tell quickly then
Cfcil on W. J. QUXX. '->y> <"allfornia rt.
-¦A BARGAIN
ON f-TTTER ST.. NEAH POLK.
F";ne thrct-story tuilldlnc with rtcre bel^w. -
PJIIC2 HAS BKEN REDUCED.
A — SSOW'— 3.". BOOM hotel -with flr*t-cla«s paying
|Wl0Oa; olcre t« the ferries dermt on the wa-
tt r front; house always crowded and known
<n both fldfj r.% t!ie Pacific. Call K. G.
WILKE, I«C6 Market ft., room 8. .
iz:<-t— LOT ClxliO ff*t on Ellis xt.. running back
M Willow ave-.-cood double hous* on Willow
ay«- . room for l>uildiri« on J'llis ft; $4500—
double bou*e cf S rooms each; Clcmcatina et. ;
money t.i J»-an.
OnnUAX-AMEHICAX. 5< ICrarny «t.
JCODETtN f *ts— sCi>o?: containing f. and S r»oins
• f-ach; highly Crr-oraled and flr.!sh-d with all
nu^ern c!onvtn!rnccs: Ctl Waller rt.. one
Murk from tl.ilsht and Pierce; easy terms.
T. NELSON. liu\\6-T.
FOR pale, cheap— New 2-«<iry houses, 7 rooms;
!»:*•« imjTovrtaent*: Nor and Hill ets.; near
».'a*trt>-ft. , cnr«: rntent sidewalk.
StTW— N. W COR. Co!den Gate nve. nnd Lyon
Ft.- 22.-CX100: want offer. GEHRING. room
<22.' fourth flocr. f2i M J^ rk^ e^_f. t - - -
TOwrhincf- Building plann for vacant lot «r
bouse rent. Ad. Anhitect. P. O. Station 11.
rooms ami no An i).
A— HOTEI. LA NORMANDIK. 328 Eddy; sunny
rultes and sine'e rooms; everything new; Mrist-
«lat-» tsble and »-ervice: hot water In every
room; telephone Sutler 1471. -,-v--- -.
HKTEIi FAIRMOUNT. ITU MarkTl st.-Ele-
tai.tl> furnished gunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table flrst-clxss;
reduced rate*. -.• ¦ ,->',"¦---, -
XEW family hotel; first -ri*»« |n all appoint-
ments; excellent table;' special Inducements to
ft'.rrt people. fcO7 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
GI'KUItEUO. m-Sunny furnished or untur-
r.lehcd rooms tc let with board.
HALL room: closet; good board; private fam-
ily; $13; near Tenth at. Box 4350, Call.
LAS rALMAK. I*2o Market «t.— buite of 1 or 1
rms.: private: bath: »ln. rm».; t>oar>! notional.
O'FARRE.LI». 74?— Flrst-clais board and rooms;
$20 up; special rates to. students. '
VAN NESS. »44 (The Wallace)— Room s; and
board:, reasonable; modern conveniences.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. • The Weekly Call.
16 pages. 111 wrapper, tor mailing, Jl per year:
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
tn at either of the publication of flees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
EOSNV
DARR— In this city, to the wife of Louis Darr,
a eon.
McMAHOX- In this city. February 18, 1900, to
the wife of Arthur McMahon, a daughter.
PAGE— In this city, February 25. 1300, to the
wife of Ernest H. Page, a daughter.
rUVMCIAXS AM> SinCEO.XS.
PARALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TL'MOIW;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA. KCZEMA: SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION.
OLD-STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cure 4 when* all others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
DlCerent from any other treatment.
Write for reference*. Consultation free.
T)R L. J. PTRATTON, 607. 60S nnd COS. Par-
rctt building. <Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. O" DOXN ELL— Office and residence.
ITIVj Market Ft, bet. Sixth and Seventh.
rUMBERS.
W~~T?T"IaNE. phone Main Sl5. 603 California
rt. : everybody's clumber.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER. [
ROOM "A." CRCCKER BUILDING. I
HEADQUARTERS FOrt TAJIK LOTa
Now for a Prosperous Era fcr San Francisco, j
1200 to J4oo— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard |
ar.d Park, from II to X st. ; 15 monthly.
COP to JSOO — Choicest lots In Puniet; streets j
rraded and sewered; $:o monthly.
t3OO to $Str — Chespeit residence lots !n Rich-
cond; eary ierm».
flOO'tc S2V— L*rei lets n«ar Mlssion-st. elec- j
•r:c car line; enly $5 monthly. '
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; I(>|
yf-trs' exfjerienoe. J. B. RAY. 557 Jessie St.
FHTSI^AL culture, maasage. to ladles: prlTate;
Mrs. Wagner, graduate masseuse. 10134 Larkin.
A FINE fult to order $10 75 or pants $3 "1: our
pperialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
UH Market «.. bet. 7th and fth, prop. One-
jtri<~e Tailorine Co. L 22 Krarny. near Sacto.;
alsj 3C44 Market »t.. under St. Nicholas.
C'L'H spring eoods are arriving; call and see
our blue perre J'.'. la4ie«' tailor-made suits
at Jl n*rr week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1306
Stockton st.. near Broadway; open evenings.
BI4SCTBIC lights in every room; Wlnche^er
Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Market: 100 rooms;
2»c to $1 ia per night; tl 60 to $6 per* week;
fr<*** 't-js and baicgage to and from the terry.
Mill". ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ra'.jrla: ail pain leaven like marie from her
wonderfully pifted hand*. 1343 Howard st.
LKADIN<J theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-<jj> and wigs: country orders so.
Ucltefi. GOLDSTEIN * CO, 73J Market st.
LaIMES' and gents' east-en* clothing bought and
kold. Rlverman. 8M Folsom: tel. Folsom 11S1.
ALASICA fur n-irrr ei.ts. hood*, mitts, leather
, «%at«: 11. M. HEINEMAN, JO9 Sansome st.
IF 'ou »l*h full value for your cast-off cloth- \
install on B. Cohen. U7 Third; tel. Black 1423.
___^^ _ B^_^ H ______^,
<.TEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
oari<e:s. cM g«l<l: send for htm. iOC Kearny.
WANTED- Old gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. S4S O'Farrell. b*t. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING correcterl: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS Unden. Oakland.
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
$SOO— LOT 42x150; Mcrtcn-st. station.
JIEO0 — Mcdern 5-room cottage; Broadway,
near Centra! aye.: »a*; - term 3; $100 down, $20
monthly: convenient to train and schools! this
is a bargain.
$3000— S-room modern cottage; large lot 42x150;
stable; Morton-st. station.
$3500— New modern 7-room cottage; Grand st..
near Alameda aye.; easy installments; large
lot; ?nap.
Bargains In ali parts 'of Alameda.
Offlce open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
ir.OO Park St., Alameda.
JIOOO.CASH: balnnce easy terms; new 7-room
house; 3 minutes' walk to local; fine neigh-
borhood: price i*,a<)o; worth t4M)O. WM. P.
TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 32* Montgomery st. • •.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 57x150, with modern
house of S rooms.
.*-'."Fi;P.IOK vio!!nf, zithers old and new. H
Mfi-LcK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
\ WEF.iv S nrw S f«r a cents— The Weekly Call,
¦¦< r^cs. '" wmrpT. for mailing. XI per year.
HYDE. 40S— Elegant sunny front parlor suite;
complete for housekepelng; also single, S7.
HOWARD. 761H— Nicely furnished bay-wl:idow
fulte and kitchen; man and wife; others re?s.
KEARNY. near Sutter— A light front room, J6;
.gas. free; also housekeeping room. O'Farrell.
opp. Orpheum. 13 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
MARKET. 1608. opposite Tenth— Comfortable
bedroom and kitchen. $7.
MARKET, 1025— 2 rooms, partly furnished;
light housekeeping: $8 per month.
MCALLISTER. G3o— 2 or t front unfurnished
housekpg. rms. : sunny; desirable: reasonable.
MINNA. 2^— Sunny furnlehed front housekeep-
ing and single rooms.
NOE, 153—3 or 4 sunny front rooms; modern
lower flat; gas utove; $15.
OAK. 119—1 large sunny room with closet; fur-
nished fcr light housekeeping; t%^
POLK, 1918 near Pacific— 2 or i. rooms "Suitable
for housekeeping. Arply at 1924 Polk ,gt.
SECOND, 212. near Howard— Clean furnished
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 262—2 large runny, housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms; reasonable; large
yard. <\i . '
SOUTH PARK. IS* — 1 or 2 sunny front rooms;
nicely furnUhed for housekeeping. -
VAN NESS aye.. 402— Elegantly furnished sunny
buite; complete for housekeeping; gas stove,
bath; also turn, parlor; together or separate.
CLASSIFIED advertls«ments and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2120 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
. lend a st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk *t. : open until »p. m. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ms. : ODen until 9 P. m.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— J7: 2 large, sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
FINE Fisrher &¦ Ftelr.vay uprlcht: sacrificed.
KKnFFES. l«» Van Ness aye.. ur. Geary st.
GOOD i:;::cht piano; nearly new; cheap.
HOKNUNGS. 21« MeA'.llFter st.
HAIIGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
UcAlUtter Ft., r.ext Hlbemla Bank.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELLIB, 414— Lower flat; two rooms with closets;
rang*, gas; complete.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; reasonable;
references exchanged.
. STOIt AGE AM> j WAREHOUSES.
PIEHCE-RODOLI'H Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post »t.. cor. Powell: t«t. Main 5711
UOOSIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ADELAIDE place, S. off Taylor, near Post-
Newly furnished housekeeping rooms; gas;
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WANTED known— Mß. LEW H. SCHARER.
late cf 12 Mason St., has removed to Call
building, tenth floor, where he will continue
to give bargains in watches, diamonds, jew-
elry, silverware, firearms and optical goods;
cash or time payment*. Offlce hours— lo to 6.
ROOMS papered, from S3; whitened. SI up;
painting don». Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
HAD tenants ejected for J4; collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery *t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 8520.
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 6 Vandewater street, off Pow-
ell, between Francisco and Bay. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOUGLAS— In Baden." February 25, 1900.' John
Clarke, beloved son of John and the late Lot-
tie Douzlas, brother of Walter Douglas, and
beloved nephew of Joseph and Ella O* Day,
a native cf San Francisco, aged 5 years and
S monthe.
DESMOND— In this city. February 25, 1900.
Minnie E. C beloved daughter of .Mary and
the late Daniel Desmond, and sister of Judge
J.- M. Desmond of Sacramento. Eugene P.
and Daniel A. Desmond and the late Sarah
and Frances A. Desmond, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 10 months and 25
days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' lnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, -US Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
! will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ECKAUT— In this city, February 24. at 12:15
s. m.. May Belle, beloved wife of Charles F.
Eckart of Honolulu, and daughter of Mrs.
Alice B. and Henry L. Tlckner, aged 23
year* anrt 10 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. W. R. Eckart. SOl4 Clay street. Inter-
ment private.'
FARGO— In this city, February 25. 1900, Calvin
Fenton Fargo, a native of Batavla. N. V.,
aged SO years 7 months and 5 days. (Batavla,
N. V.. papers please copy.)
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
GOODWIN— In this city, February 24, ISOO.
James P. Goodwin, beloved father of James
P. Goodwin Jr.. Mrs. M. R. Britton and Mrs.
E. L. May, aged 85 years.
[CyFrlends are respectfully Invited -to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 1313
Taylor street. Interment private. .¦.
lIENNING— In this city. February 24. 1000,
Charles Herman, beloved son of Mary and the
late Otto Henning, and brother of Henry 0.,
Frederick W.. James H., George A. and John
A. Hennlnc. Mrs. L. E. Ollson. Mrs. Carrie
Beer and the late Walter J. Hennlng, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2S years 9 month 3
and 3 days. ¦
ETFrlends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 621 Capp street, between Twenty-first
and Twenty-second, thence to I, O. O. F.
Cemetery for Interment.
HACKMEIER— In this city. February 22. 1900,
Charles F. llackmeler. beloved father of Ka-
tie Haekmel.T. and brother of Phillip Hack-
meler. Mrs. Lizzie Stelnman and Mrs. ¦ Caro-
line Huber. a native of Baden. Germany,
aged 45 years 10 months and 22 days.
ITTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10" o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr &Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. . ...
HORAN— In this city, February 23, 1300." Emma
Horan beloved sister of Mrs. Milton D. Gar-
rett. a' native of San Francisco, aged 22 yeara
5 months and 1 day.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from Hotel Frank-
lin 1904 Market street, thence to St.- Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem ma*s will be
celebrated for the reoose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private in
Holy Crops Cemetery.
KORBEL— In this city. February 25, 1900, Jo-
seph Korbel, a member of the firm of F. Kor-
bel & Bro., a native of Bohemia, aged 53
years 11 months nn<l 11 days.
IT7"Servlces Wednesday, February 2S. at 11
o'clock, at the residence, 723 Bryant street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KOCH-In this city. February 25. 1900. Wil-
liam G., beloved husband of the late. Mag-
dellna JKoch. and father of Ada. William F.,
Henry A., Charles O. and Walter Koch, a
native of Hamburg, Germany, ased 54 years
10 months and 13 days.
LEMOGE— In Oakland. February 25. 1900, Jo-
seph beloved husband of Louise Lemoge, and
father of Joseph S., Charles' and Victor Le-
mose and, Mrs. Julia Burke of Cincinnati.
Ohio, a native of Canada, aged "4 years and
3 days. - • »
LANNON— In this city. February 25, 1900. Mary
Lannon, beloved wife of William Lannon.
and mother of Marserette, Willie, Jerome and
Harold Lannon, and sister of Annie and Mag-
gie Kelgh. a native of Missouri, afred'2s years
7 months and 26 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 15 Hollls street, off Ellis, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, thence to Holy Cross
Church, on Eddy street, where servic-a will
be held at 9:30 o'clock, thence to train at
Third and Townsend streets. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' • ¦ ¦ '
MARSHALL— In the City and County -Hospital.
February 25, 1900. Fay Marshall, a native of
Washington. D. C. aged 23 years.
MAGNER— In the City and County Hospital.
February 23, 1900. Nora Magner, a native of
California, aced 34 years.
NICHOLS— In Nlles. Cal.. Mary Ellen, be-
loved wife of Martin P. Nichols, and mother
of Aloa and Leslie Nichols, and aUter of
Mrs. E. Crate ot Portland, Or., Mrs. Frank.
Seamen of San Francisco and Harry and
James Washe of San Francisco, a native of
San Francisco, aged 81 years 2 months and 23
¦ days. (Oregon papers please copy-)
(ET'FriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, at Nlles. Alnmeda County. Cal.. »hene<!
to Episcopal church at Centervllle. Cal. In-
terment Centervlile, Cal.
O'NIEI^-In Oakland. February 25. 1300. Bertha
O'Nlel. a native of Magdeburg," Germany,
¦ aged 64 years 9 months and 6 days. .
PYNE— In this city. February 24, 1900. Gertrude
Mary; beloved daughter of Patrick and the
late Catherine T. Pyne, and sister of Annie.
' Willie, Arthur, Walter and Thomas Pyne. a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and i
months*. ' .
PAUL— In Oakland. February "25, 1900, at 626
Telegraph avenue, Colin Paul, a native of
Greenock, Scotland, aged £6 years 1 month
and 27 days.
tCTTriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), a^ 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 62G Telegraph avenue. ¦
REYNOLDS— In this city. February 23, WOO,
William, beloved husband of Ellen Reynolds,
and father of William, John, Ellra, Mamie
and Margaret Reynolds, a native of Dublin,
Ireland, aged 63 years. (Boston, Mass., pa-
pers pleaee copy.)
lE7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14 Guy place, off First street, between
Folsom and Harrison, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the renose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
SCHULDT— In this city, February 23, ireo.
Christine, beloved wife of the late John
Schuldt, and sister of Mrs. A. Krshak and
Wendel Krshak, a native of Wagarn, Ger-
many, aged 3* years.
SOMMER— In East Oakland. February 25. 1900.
Anna Mi Sommrr. beloved mother of- J. H.,
H. J. and Peter Sommer and Mrs. W. Denn-
helm, a native of Hollenzstead, Germany,
ased 76 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1262 Thirteenth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. . :•%"--'
STELLING— In this city. February 25, 1900,
Frank H., youngest and Nearly beloved son
of Charles and Lena Stelllng, and brother of
Charles W. and the late Dorathea Stelllng. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
4 days.
(CT-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
' of his parent*. 404 A Francisco street, between
Powpll and Mason. Interment Cyprcs« I.awn
Cemetery.
SMITH— In thin' city.- February 23, 1900. Mrs.
Maria A. Smith, widow of the late Frederick
G. Smith, and dflarly beloved mother of Mrs.
A. E. Roberts and Ella L. and Adam Smith,
a- native of Boston. Mass., aged 52 years 10
months and 19, days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1037 A Dolores street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
YON STADRN— In this city, February 25, 1900,
Henry J..- dearly beloved and only son of Dorn
and the. late John yon Staden, and brother of
Annie yon Statlen. a native of Han Francisco,
age>l 30 yenrsS months and 3 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother. 24 Hampton place, oft Folsom
street, between Second and Third. Interment
I. O. 1 O. F. Cemetery.
WILKE— In this city. February 24. 1900. Otto
8., beloved husband of Hattle Wilke, son of
Mr?. F. Wilke, and brother of Mrs. Charles
Ruthie and Mrs. William Renwlck of Oak-
land, a native of Germany, aged 33 years and
10 month*.
tn?"Frlends and acquaintances are respert-
f-illy invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 122S Mission street. Interment Laurel
REAL KSTATE — COIWTRY — For Sale
trriyV-DOWNTOWN investment:. rents $55.
12-Vy>— UejlCcnces south of Golden Gate Park.
IlC^>— Lots nn Stanyan at. ¦ •
Other lets In different parts of the city and
come bargains In- Oakland and Alameda.
J. FUANKEL. 120 Sutter st.. room 75.
CC3 ACnnS In 6tan',slaus County, near rall-
rop.d: water: rrowlng crops: under fence and
all other Improvements. Fcr particulars ad-
drers or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
J. W. lIOIiN, Sl2 Main i;t.. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free Met of Sonoma County bargain*.
EBKET MITEIC
Half Trice to All
At
PTTnr.MAN. CLAY & CO.'B.
Corner Kearr.y and s«tter Sts.
3-argcmt Stock !n tl* Entire West. .
ABSOIATTKLT the clievt and largest house
«»ft at (,»ica«'» 1b KOIILEU & CHASE'S.
16. 25 and SO O'Firrell «.: |>lonos, organs and
all r.th^r rn'Jftiool ir.Ktrumentb of all grades
sr.d priceji; terms <-aFy: prir^s lowest: svery-
'^'ing pAsEibie U:r.e to I'.esse and satisfy the
urtomer,
1 SLIGHTLY u**d l;lc*» and medium grade
].ian"s; pr^rinl ci«.-.,un*.« for cash: open Kat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. ' 125 Ellin it
CKWT buy: rent a new piano. $5 per month
SCOTT CUHTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes «t.
STIX for rtoras*—2 uprights. JTS; very fln»
l-"t»:r.Tr«y, liZi. Wilpcn's Storing, ITIO Market.
LARGE uprls!-.*. piano; pta.ndard make; JUS;
ce!t ever.ingr. . it Powell »t.
V.*. <J. BAffIER. 411 Parramentn «t.. ajt^nt for
Frajv :* II J £ocn nnd Ilallftt & Davts pianos.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
DIED.
- lilacfc; John ' Koch. William G,
Behimpr. Hermann F. Lemoge, .Toseuh
Cllffoni, Sarah E. Lannon, Mary
Cherell. Charles A. Marshall, Fay
Cawley, Mary Magner, Nora
Casson. Josephine NU'hols, Mary E.
' Cashen. Benjamin C. O'Nlel, Bertha
lie Andreis. Howard Pyne, UertrUde M.
Douglas. John C. Paul. Colin
Desmond. Minnie E . Reynolds. William
Kckart. May B. Srhuldt, Christine
Fargo. Ca'.vln F. Sommer, Anna M.
Goodwin, .lames P. Ktelling, Frank 11.
Hennlng, Charles H. Smith. Mrs. Maria A.
Hackmeler. Chas. F. Yon Staden. Henry J.
Horan, Emma Wilke, Otto B.
Korbel. Joseph
BLACK— In this city, February 25. ISOO, John,
beloved husband of the late Ellen Black, and
father of William. Isabella, Scott and James
Black, a native of Hnwlok. Scotland, aged
C? years 1 month and li days. ..
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances nr» reppert-
fully Invited to attnd the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at — o'clock, from the purler* of
Craig ¦&• Cochran Company, 62-H6 Mint ave-
nue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cpmetory.
BEHLMER— In this city. February 25. 1900.
Ilfrmann V.. dearly beloved nnd. only son of
Hermann and Johanna Behlmer, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 23 days.
CLIFFOUD— In Oakland. February 23. 1900,
Small V.. Clifford, dearly beloved wife of Cap-
tßln William K. Clifford, mother of R. S. and
K. H. Clifford, daughter of N. J. and the late
Surah Krukau, and Bister of Mrs. 11. E.
Hunt "and William J. and N. J. Krukau, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 8
months and 7 dnys. (New York and Boston
papers ples*e copy.)
(HTTrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11G6 Seventh street. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
CHERELI«— In this city. February 23, 1300.
Charles A. Cherell, a native of France, aged
70 years.
CAWLEY— In this city, February 23. 1300; Mary
Cawley.
CASSON— In Oakland. Februnry 2-\ 1900, Jo-
sephine, beloved and only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. Casson. Rrnndiiatißhtcr of Mr*.
M; Laborde. and niece of H. Casson and C.
Laborde. a native of Oakland, aged 3 months
nnd -8 tfny*.
in7"Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to nttend llie funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. S2O Franklin street. Interment
St. Mary* Cemetery-
CASIIKN- In this city. February 2S. 1900. Ben-
.Jamln IC. dearly beloved won of John T. and
Julia C»shen. a native of San Francisco, aged
t> months und 1C days.
DE ANDREIS— In this city. February 'SJ, 1300
ITowanl. youngest son of V. U. and Anna S
De Andreis. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 yearn 11 months and 5 days.
JCXThe. funeral will take place this day
AMERICAN LINE.
SSW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON LOTOOS. MSI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Friesland Feb. 2S| Kensington ...March 21
New Tork March "i New Torlc March 23
St Paul March 14! St. Paul. April 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd AntwerD-
From New Tork every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlealand Feb. 2Si Kensington ...March 21
Southwark ...March 7| Noordland March 23
Westernland ..March 14t Friesland April 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAXT.
M Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMEK3 WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan struts. 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callin* at
Kobe (Hloo>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkonir with steamers for In.
(Hi. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of satlln;.
AMKRICA MARL* Wednesdar. March 7
HONGKONG MAP.U Satarday. March 31
NIPPON UARI' Wednesday. April 23
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at, reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at. company's offlce.
421 Market at., corner First.
. W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
DIVIDEND XOTICKS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
( Steamers leave Broadway
l^_ • wharf. San Francisco: .-
HHS^_ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. bj.
KsgEtek Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2.
tak^Sjnsv Change to company"* steam-rs
tm MCavfra at Seattle.
ISkSn tM F01"F 01 " Victoria. Vancouver (B.
HK-«s*ffi»l £•)• Porl Townsend. Seattle.
A*^^BRpJoßi Tacoma. F.verett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcora <W%sh.).
a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25.
Mar. J and every fifth day thereafter; ehang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C P. Ry. ¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 3 p. »••*•*•
8. 8. 13. IS, 13, 23. Mar. 5, and «r«TT fitth day
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uco*. Port Harford (San Lais Obispo). Gartota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. •
a. m.. Feb. «. •. 12. 1«. ». 24. 2S. Mar. «. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port HarfTd
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo <Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. 2. 8. 10. 14. M. 2J. 2«. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Josa d«I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaycias (Mex.), 10 a. m., Mar. 8. aad ith
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
The' company reserve* th« right to chan*»
steamers, railing dates and hours of ¦ailing,
without rreirloiis notice.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agts..
. . 10 Market at. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
d:bpatch fast steamers to
PORTLAND
From Sp»«r-ftre«t Wharf at 10 a, tn.
CADC * 12 First Clasa Including Bertif
I Ant Sd Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails ...Feb. 17.. 27. Mar. 9. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 22. March 4. 14. U
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ¦
E. C. WARD. Genera! Agent.
620 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND R l2 Ali ESTATE.
A— s2ooo. HALF cash; 8 acres, with improve-
ments; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 2 rail-
road station* within 5 minutes' walk: medium
house of 6 rooms, barn. etc. ; fine place for
chicken ranch or suburban home; must be
sold. For full particulars apply immediately,
J. W. LAYMANCE. 14 Pansome St.. S. F.
Or 463 Eighth st.. Oakland
$3000 — A SNAP; 7-room house; "modern": best
neighborhood; 5 minutes* walk to looal: $2000
can remain on property: see It. WM. V.
TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisement* nnd mb^crlptlon* received.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. February 23.
II B M stmr Icarus. Knowllng. 15 days from
Acapulco.
Stmr Xavarro. Jensen. 27 hours from Eureka.
Scbr Archie and Fontie-, Skipper, 13 hours fm
Bowens Landing.
Schr Louise J Kenney, Iversen. 30 days fmn
San B!as.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 21 hours from
Bowens Landing. - ¦
Schr Mary C, Madsen. J hours frm Fort Ross.
Schr Cortnthlan, Korth, IS hours fm Blhlera
Point.
SAILED.
Sunday, February 25.
Ptmr I-aguna. Stark.
ftmr Senator. Swanson. Seattle.
Stmr City of Puebla. Cousins. Victoria anil
Pa get Sound Dorts.
Br stmr Victorious, Thompson. Suva (Fiji)
and Sydney for order*.
Ship St Frances. Wlnn. Honolulu.
Fr bark N'ormandle. Moissonlere. Quesnstowa.
Bktn Gleaner. Peck, Columbia River.
Schr Orient. Sandem. Honolulu.
Schr. Ocean Spray. . Larsen. Iversens Landlnf.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetiel. Bowen* Un.'
inf.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LO BOS— Feb 25. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind W: velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Pasade
na from Eureka.
Sailed Feb 25— Schr Corona. f->- Port Gambl*.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Feb 23.
Sailed Feb 25— Stmrs Orizaba and Westport.
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Noyo.
hence Feb 24: stmr Albion, hence Feb- 24.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Luella. for Pan Franelnw..
USAL— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. i
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Arcata. ho
Feh n. Feb 25— Stmr Empire, hence Feb 22.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Feb 25— Ship
Two Brothers, from Santa Rosalia: achr LiUs
honne. from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Sailed Feb 25— Ship El
well, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMER?
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr W«e»
land. from Liverpool for Philadelphia; itmr
Lucanla, from Liverpool for Xew York.
CAPE HENRY. Va-Feb 25— Th« Norwegian
fifhool.ohlp Ellda pased out fvday.
Shipping Intelligence.
FOLfiOM. R34— Punny front bay-window room
end kitchen: bath; modern conveniences; pri-
vate; S3 a week.
FIFTH, K3— Furnished double parlors; kitchen
and bath. J2O; also 2. $10: single. $4 up.
CASTRO, 429, near 17th and Market-2 house-
keeping rooms; stable If desired; cheap.
NOTICE!
GOVERNMENT SALE
POSTPONED
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
WATCH THIS ADVERTISEMEXT FOR DAT
AND DATE OF SALE-
Sale consisting of 2000 Tents. *009 Curtain*
and Neta; SOOO Duck and Drill Mattress Covers:
ICOO Sleeping Bags; 6500 Pillows: 4000 Shelter
Tents; 500 German Silver Band Instruments.
Bass and Snare Drums: 100 Filter*: 500 Gal-
vanized Water Buckets; 500 Assorted Shovels,
etc.
Contractors. Klondikers. resort keepers, camp-
ers, hotels, steamboat*, satlmakers. tent and
awning maker*, attention called to this sale.
NEW TORK AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
LOTTERY DRAWING.
Xo. Prize. IXo. Prize. IXo. Prize.
66751 20166943 2067012 40
67032 4067033 20167338 40
67366 20 67410 20,67429 40
67532 2067566 . S>!6779<* *>
S7SI9 10067530 2C067857 20
67877 2067898 20,67338 20
67943 4068047 20 65232 40
68262 *... 2016J292 40|68343 ICO
6J523 20 68537 20157390 20
6SSI7 20 68841 40168971 20
61996 40 65999 100.S-JC2S 20
69240 40 69377 40!63r,G3 20
69633 4f1[69749 4016D73S It)
6»75l 20:69860 100169901 M
70018 40(70121 2OJ7C2U 20
70424 2017M34 2>>;70446 20
70451 20J7051S 40i7<V,25 ' *>
(10597 4017063S 100 70760 *>
.0325........ 40!7lOM 20'71C«9 '*>
71035 20 71102 20171163 W
71153 40|71433 &V7146S 23
71495 20J71600 5C0J71942 W
719?3..» 4072062 1™ 72079 20
72074 1iV>172141 207224»........ *»
72479 4072567 »|72«21 «
72517 20.72597 20,72936 2>
72958 100,72963 20172377 *>
732^5 2iV)(73363 100 73370 *>
73416 2-V>|7S4«» 21j73523 100
73613 2073818 20|73553 »
73709 J373716 20;7354»... J>
73553 4017410S 20>>i74312 1»>
74334 21)1744^ 40(74447 100
7446S 40174455 *>74519 - »
74557 20J74331 2»,74611 «>
74639 20;74702 20 74739 2>
74765 10017454S 20!74913 40
74976 21V751U 40i7322S +>
75400 .20)75412 45175427 I*>
75521 2<)7572^ 40173781 *>
759<16 40 7WW 100 76133. ...~.- 100
7628S 2.176332 40,7«4->7 *)
76415 20i7652t 4-).76554 20
76382 40<7CT<5 VWXm J*>
76518 4i>,7659« 1*>,77122 2>
77414 1i>V77."04 2*> 7763<> 2>
777<2 4»177*53..: 40177574 20
77977 *V 75006 2)7<«>34 2>
78214 ?>;783O« 2>175406 2>
75426 20|7SoOS 4>>;7M26 200
78738 20:75757 I<V) 7<«23 2t>
79140 2i>|79231 40, 79286 »
79338 20 173512 49179315 2->
79517 4079527 IOo'TSiSI 20
T3393 40179730 200179737 2JI
79813 20179572 40,79929 M
79933 10017.>960 45J79953 «
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
100 numbers from 36.027 to 36.127. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of »60.000-$6 O.
100 numters from 66.249 to 66,349. inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of 120.000— $4'X
100 numbers from 50.123 to 60,225. inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $10,000— $20. .
TERMINAL PRIZES. •
799 numbers ending with 77. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the cafltal
prize of $80.000— 520-.
79& numbers ending with 99. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the ' Capital
prize of $20,000—520.
' Xo. 36,077 draws first capital prire of 180.000,
sold in San Francisco, Cal.. and Xavasota.
Tex : Xo. 66,299 draws second capital prize of
J20.000, sold In San Francisco. Cal.. and Mac-
Gregor, Tex.; Xo. 50,175 draws third capital
prize of 110,000, sold inXynn. Mass., Key West.
Fl?. St Louis: Mo., and Havana, Cuba; Xos.
7412 13.934, 23,«63, 33.570 and 46.511 draw each
JlOO-). sold in San Francisco, Cal.. Xew York
City Xew Orleans. La.. St. Louis.Mo.. Dallas.
Tex. Boston. Mass.. Xew Orleans, La., St.
Ix>uK Mo., Havana, Cuba. San Francisco. Cal.,
and Cleveland, O. AXTONIO PEREZ.
For the Treasury Department.
U BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
AUCTION SALES
LOTTERY DRAWING.
MI'SICAL IXSTnC3IE\TS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26,, 1900.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
———OF THE '
LOTTERY
BENEFIGENGIA PUBLIGA.
The 133 d Ordinary Monthly Drawing.
CLASS "B."
Drawn in the City of Mexico on February 22,
I%U ; ... .
SPECIAL NOTICE— The public Is cautioned
to beware of concerns claiming to operate lot-
teries In the City of Mexico, or at any other
point in the Republic of Mexico, as all such
concerns are fraudulent. - The lottery of the
Beneflcencla Publlca is the only one authorized
and indorsed by the Mexican National Govern-
ment. Beware of spurious imitations and see
that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo, ln-
tervenor, U. Bassettl, manager, as none others
"are genuine.
Xo. Prize. No. Prize. lXo. Prize.
246 20 263 40| 327 200
420 40 496 ICO| 53<5 20
545 20 t2O ?uj Si>S 20
1085 100 10*1. 40| 1273 100
1323 20 1374 20| 1338 20
1494 100 i IoC4. ? 201 1915 40
1972 20 2004 .*.. £00| 2013 49
2171 ¦ 20 2604 40 2SS7 100
2829 20 303S loo| 3161 20
3192 '... 40 3207... 2M 3437 20
5545.. 40 3594. 2Q\ 3724 20
3742 . 20 3757 20| 3922 20
4219 40 4440 40 44«7 100
4743.". 20 4831 20| 4!»52 100
5140 20-6HS: lOul 5189 10<»
6176 &00 .8223 Zv 5308 40
6325 20 5344 20 5869 20
6741 200 6852 .'.20 6184 20
6147 20 6172 " -M 6195.. ....... 100
6251........ .. 20 6274 101 627S 40
6293 20 G29S 4('| 6427 20
6439 20 6520 20 1 6508 500
6Cfc2 20 6708 2u 67« 40
6548 20 6535 20| 7166 100
7154 20 7292 20| 7412 ICOO
7419 20 7346 100| 7557 20
7517 200 7955.. 20} SOl5 20
8121 ' 40 $292... 100 8333 100
8506 ¦ 40 5515:.. •..;.. 20| 5721 "20
5722 20 8879..'. 20 5914 40
8917 40f 8924 4li 8937 20
8569 20 9062 20 9157 40
9195 40 9253 2i, 9353 40
9377 40 943* 20 9454 20
9542 100 ?602 20 9672 20
9770 20 9852 20)9884 100
9P02,. .:.... 20 , . ¦ I
10022 40 1015S 20(10212 20
10371. 20 10537... WJ10538.. 40
I 10573 100|1C638 •' 40|10853 40
11092 40111251.. 20;ll268 20
11237........ 20 11453........ 20,11654 20
11684 ICOHIB4O 4G,m67 200
11S78. ' 20I118S1 20J11SSD 40
11S91 20 11916 20,12M3 20
12255 40,12256 20| 12321 20
12333 20 123'K) 2i>|12438 40
12572.....'... 20 12590.... 40112731 40
12&2H 20112938 40112959 20
12965 100 13074 40113222 100
13235 200 13495 40|13605 40
13769 20|13851 iC|l3->63 40 I
13592 40J13934 1000I141R1 .".. 20 i
14218 40114237 20|14240 20 1
14268 40 14279........ i0!14379 20
14474 ' 100114519 1WJ14777 20
149i65 20J15236 20 15287 40 I
15436 100 l 15526 2fi0!1M74 100
15SS2 2011553S 20115552 40
16369 • ¦ 20118381 1CO!1«S8 20
16529 40i1<5534 . 20j1«792 20
16530 2!>!lS?88 40 16919 40
17117 20 171!)9 40117206 20
17263 20 17231 40|17G30 100
17765 - 20 17757 100 17813 40
17843 2017892... 20117948 40
18011 2O'ISO4S 20|15274 20
IS2&S 20!15313 20 15314.. ...... 40
15317 20J15302.. .:.... 20 IS-,13.. ..:... 40
15622 40U5676 4018744. ....... 20
18906 '20 19020 20 19105 20
19149 40 19430 20 19594 20
19710 40*19734 40|19554 200
19*66 ICOIWIS... 40U9924 20
20C67 40 20147 20i 20266 HX)
20330 40120471 40i20459 20
20726..'. 2012072S 41)120810...; 20
20561 20120590 • 20;2flS'J2 20
20953 • 40121034........ 20!210>«1... 40
21331 ' 20121354 40'214?2... 40
21536.. < :o;21716 10121752 20
21851.. 100121M0.... 4021935 20
•1972 20)22097 20122153 20 i
22562; .-¦.- 4CH22651 "401W862 40 1
22M7.-... >..:.' 40|2:*945 fO'22rW9 20
¦ > So< l fl ..... 20i23010 20|23054 20
23100.. 2023256.. 40123537 40
23C40 .". 40 23655 100U124130 100
24242 20 24255 100124522 20
24540 100 24358 20(25067 '. 40
25192.. 100i2r.207 *.... 100125899 20
25400 20125459. 40,25.^1 40
25629 20125778.-..:... 20123840 10
2586?.. 2025584 :oi2fiOC3 .100
26203 10di25207...i... % 4025237........ 40
26300..: 20|2t014....r.'. 40r26322 40
26341 20 26344 20j264H> 40
26462 2026478 20 26517 100
26564......... •¦• 20|26645 .... - 4Ol2Civ>s 40
26659... »i 40126773........ 40)26799..... ... 20
26831 "ICO 26P67 40127158. ...../. 20
27197.'. • 200i27248 20)27266 • - 20 ,
27278........ 20 27312........ 20127351... ..... 40
27357 20127369 2027358 100
27516....:..'. 100127537...;.... 10127520... 20
27823......... 4025017.: ...-... 500|28476 100
25309 20125517........ 40,2*520 ICO
28547......... Mo|29«'.-«2 W129215 -. 40
29->g» 40 29317 40129357 20!
29491 2029529..:...v. 40]29. r .D6 20
29613 20(23676 40|29776 40
300SS. 203C097 ; 20130193 20 j
30367 20:30452 t0!30.V)5 20
SOSS6 200130703 20(30743 100
J0829 ¦ . 20I30S40:. 100130846... 40
50890 20130937 401310*4 S>
3U74 100131175 200131720 40
32141 20bi,>60.. 40132602 20
82654 20132534.. ...... 100132917 100
3255S 40133085 20133161 20
33457 20133474 .; 20133704 20
53945 10U133572 200i34242........ 20 i
342GS 4013435S 20j34.'.79 20
34641 20;34592 20|35f«9 40
35186 401.35196 40135305 20
35321 20|35580 40135801 40
jliOW 20)36077 fiOOno|3G3oS 20
36423 1003C47S 20136588. ....... IPO
36659 40136707 20137025 40
37314 40137469 20137669 20
37653 ¦ 40|37*9« 100137770 ;.. 20
37774 201378 M 40|37940 20
37959 20137P65........ M 135024 40
35i04'» 20 38099 11)0138264 20
3S2SO 20135292 2<1'35392 200
357->9 20013877-1 200135782 20
35913 20155931 20,33017 20
39139 20|392.T».. 40139479 20
89570 KOOI39MS 'J0J39649 40
396?6 40!357r>9 <0'3?542 20
400001 20!4«142 500U0164 ICO
4C314 40J4R427 401*0465 40
40601 40140<>2.-> 40 40585 500
41067 40141102 20 41123 20
4123" ' 20141320 20|41457 20
41553 50 41383 40141.-.93 40
41708 201419;.'! 20141955 40
419G? 20142027 20 4207?........ 20
42177 20 42403 40 42463 20
42365 20142750 2014280.> 40
42517. ... 40|42M1....- •.<1|42f1.i7 IW>
423KS 20143132 :n14325."> 20
43X«V9 40141W9 IPflUJrtfC 20
4373r. 20144133 40U4052 40
44218 .. "20144403... ?0i4451fi... 40;
44691...; - 4f»'44513 , -0144515 20;
W>r, 4ftf44S3o 20144853...' 29
'41993 ...... 40143077 401-i;239 .... 20
; 4.-.31J 2<1!4:.3»7 20!4.i4«-. 20
4-, s yo 40457« I ? ¦ 100145710 20
45672*;;.; 2014VU2 2C0!4. r ,913 500
4r,951.' 20]4«120 •WM46471 20
465U 10OOi4«."32 2ftl4S. ( :ns 20
47090 2HU73CS 40147.142 40
47366 innl474«r, 20147521. ...' 20
'47568 .... 40!47«i) 20147772 20
4 5029' 2045205. 40148183 40
4V47 20(4^0 .•. i00i4r.4.->.. m
4S-,70 '.!. 20145.-7 I :oi4S'4o 20
48S<)5' : V.'.. ' 40 45921.. ...... 40143263 40
492.10;! 20149:.5.1. ..:.... 2014V.5S 40
49',5.-\ 20143710 20149552 20
49862 401 - I
sonni 2ol;.nifti 2oir-0t7.';........i( > 000
f.0211 40150496 -40^0512 40
fcs-j 20!50r.97;...v.:. 40ir,n«i2 20
! SW!76"""."" 20:. r .0772... 40150T54 lf)0
i r.toislll 20ir.i:ra.... • &V 51323 »)
M 7JS 201515.12 20151970 40
F2'o<»'" . 20162283 20132320........ 20
R^-b"""... 20!524-r 20;52.-;8S 20
F2fi24!!...... 40152C52 40;527» < » 20
-3, 2fi 2015344 < » 20153606 20
t«;3 40133563 40153740 40
5T741"".... 100i8359.i 40!5301rt........ 100
t'^l'i" .. IW)IS4ftO3 20154^3 40
rXf.^7 I 20154785 20154823 40
64831'"'..... ' 20184V18 501.v4«>2t...; 40
mmi ...... :e0!3r,:47.. ....... 4Oiy>2w 41
65386 201K424 20156487.J 21
REH7 2O'r,.- 1 R31... ...... SOIMSS4/. 100
rVJoi . 20T..-.96.1 2n1D5977... 40
f,6fiV" .... 20156127 40IS6171: 40
56153'" . 40156374.., 40156454 10
Rr.S44 "'• ' 4f»isßs« 100IRfi62<( -.. 29
' kano'"..!.. 40157014...;.... 40157M1 :n
R7a-.4 ..... 20157219 W>|s73sS.i 20
kwfiss!" ... 2'> | R76'» 2n!S77IS 20
ir,773.i'" . 40155016 500:35220 20
: SM-.fi""".. 2Olr-556? MJ-IS6R4 40
IM-." ... 20155533 20158836........ 40
--.55.15"...... 10ft|:.891» 40158022........ .: 40
'wx" 4015<>210........ 20159M2 i.i'. 40
R9337 '".'.'.'... 20159354 ' 20J5936S .'.. 20
M 476 SnISSIS, 1 ." .. 201M6.-.C '. 40
>.97.H* ... • 20159M5 20!5"W.*S 40
wyyrs'" " :i00!60i55..: ioo!60is5..- 4016^207 20
eo«-i" .. ioo)6n2«s 20:^290 20
criiW.i ..... ¦ ico'6fi.j«9 ronw-.? 1 *.. ...... ro
(¦o7lft" 4OIRASS4 20161053 20
: 611 n T 2<>!6120^ 20161274........ 100
fil <;S4 40161471 4061493 20
fil V,n' 2f1'61."92 10161536 2i>
6"i«i1"...... :o'fi229« 401M3J1 • «fl
61G40;. ....:. 40|C2fi43. -40162647... 40
62724 40!627M 401(52781 40
625-.4 ...... 2O'«S7» ?ft1R2!146 40
MOfil' .... 201M17C inO|63lW 2,>
K3IV," .... 4^63306 2016343S 40
flS r>3 . 40!«3fi87. 40'«3560 20
K^SS' ?Olfi.r«r>2 ;.;. 100164020 »0
64118^ 20164153... .-..".; 4064159 10rt
C 4172. ....... 20!«4272 2<»'64741 ?o
(WW 206485«.. .. 20164942 20
RMII3; 20 |6511» :....... 1C0165123.:...... 20
fiT^-,3 ;.. 20165320 40'«5409., go
63425. .:.-.... 40'fiS4 r .4.-. 40r6M78. ....... 20
fiSf.os 301K5583 40165597 20
.6561*. ....... ¦ i 2fW!«sß2<l 2f'!6=i94t..-. 40
65*44...... t.'. 100V975 - ««!««204. ."..;.. ICO
f.fi2O3 200186234 ;. 20 1 6fi2*> „.-..... ;«xv>
,CKCO... 40;66515.. ...... 20J6667J. :...... 20
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
pllea. Standard Acer.cy.l4.-» «th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bouchfc. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
rafrlnr at lowest rate«. JOS Fourth st.
OFFICES AXU STORES— TO LET.
NICE %unny comer euite: cocufied last 10
years by doctor; modern improvements. 114S
Sinter Et.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
olSces and *?ores. ¦ |
Jl'*-— LAUGE Btore and S room*: larg* yard; .
suitable for laundry. 2327 Mission st. •
GOOD starfl for a practical shoemaker; store
and 4 rooms. 3114 Fillmore St.; rent $12.
LARGE ftore suitable for grocery or bar cheap. !
gW. cor. Buchanan and OFarrell eta. j
I2&— STORE; 2 show windows and 6 larg%
rOOtra; adapted to any liuslner*. 422 Sixth St.
PALMISTRY.
HUE. Xeergaard. Pr^«. St. Germain College of
Pa'n-.lstrv: reads 1 to f. tit Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
BERKELEY ItEAL ESTATE.
JUST finished, nenr the U. C— Thoroughly
well-built house of 9 rooms; nil modern Im-
provements; lot 6"xKO; either for cash or ln-
utallments. MASON & McLEXATHEX, ad-
joining Postofflre, Berkeley.
THE best corner lot south of University of Cal-
ifornia, with elecant modern fl-room house.
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BELLE— OUDRT
IS NOT A LADY.
GENTLEMEN, bring your goods and we will
; make and trim your euit for $10 this month to
advertise our work. MAi=TEX. the tailor. 609
Larkln ft., ne-ar Turk.
LEDERER'S Qulntor.iea is Saet superseding all
Hair Tonic*: S*c bot.: Lederer's Foamo Shatn-
roo cannot be be&t. 5c pgk. 113 Stockton st.
A— A— ELECTRIC ma«eage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week; I guarantee to per-
rnanentry remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolyele. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologist. 3207 Market St.. opp. City Hall.
LrPERER is noted for the polite manner Jn
which every desire of the canxiiwr is carried
dressing, 25<-. 12J Ptockton «t.
OAKLAND FCRXITCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Behellhaa*. ths
..furaltur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of Th<? Call re^
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and tubscrirtlons received.
HAYWAUIJS RR.IL ESTATE.
TO RENT— 3-acre sunny hill land and cottage:
terms low. 9.19 Clay *t.. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dlvldend Xo. 102 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be payable at the offlce of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, March 1. 1900. Transfer books will close
on Friday, February 23. IMO. at 3 o'clock
P. m. n. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
COPAIITXKRSHIP XOTICKS.
NOTICE cf dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
atyle of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI, doing
business In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the 28th day of March, 1899. dis-
solved by mutual consent, MR. G. lACCUERI
having purchased the entire Interest of G.
BACIQALUPI In the concern.
O. lACCHERI,
O. BACIGALUPI.
Pan Francisco. February 9. 1800.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the
offlce of the Lighthouse Engineer. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., March 22,
1360, and then opened, for furnishing all the
material and labor necessary for the com-
plete construction of a light and fog signal
station at Point Arguello, Cal.. in accordance
¦with fnecifications, copies of which, with
blank proposals and ether information, may
be had upon application to CHARLES E. L.
B. DAVIS, Major, Corps of Engineers, U.
8. A.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 23. 5 o. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: '.-. • .
Last This Last
Stations — ¦ 24 hours., season, season.
Eureka 0.44 19.42 18.95
Red Blurt .-0.00 . 16.45 13.12
Sacramento 0.00 13. 8J 7.85
San Francisco O.CO 15.11 7.77
Fresno 0.00 5.20 3.SS
Independence 0.00 ; 2.12 1.15
San Luis Obispo 0.00 12.57 7.13
Los Angeles 0.00 4.57 1.9S
San Diego 0.00 2.^4 3.77
Yuma 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 49; mean, 53. "
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Cloudy and generally threatening weather
prevails over the Pacific Slope, except In
Southern California and Southern Arizona.
where fair weather prevails. Light rain Is re
ported from Southern Oregon, the northern
coast of California, Northern Nevada, and
Southwestern Idaho.
The pressure has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains, the greatest fall being over the
plateau region.
The temperature has fallen along the Central
California coast and remained nearly station
ary in other districts.
Conditions are very unsettled and light show
ers are probable over the greater portion of
Northern California. Nevada, Utah and North
ern Arizona Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 26, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, probably with
showers Monday: fresh variable wind.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Monday:
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, probably with showers Mon
day; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, probably with showers Mop
day.
Arizona— Cloudy, probably with showers in
north portion Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
threatening, probably with showers Monday;
fresh west wind. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. l"ublished by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun rises ..<:!?
Sub sets '.'. ..8:»V)
Moon rises 4:22 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide-*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column clvee the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
an 1 the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
vh«n a minus sign (— ) precede* the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth iclven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telrph6ne South SO.
I/Vlcf\\/O'Y «»b CO;.. ..¦-¦¦:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALIIERS
1233 Market pt., between Bth and Oth.
• ¦:i'.;- ilt: i: -Telephone South 247.
9
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and L'nfurn,
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to H per. night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ANTONIO. IS. oft Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— 2 large unfurnished^ rooms.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner euite and single rooms; hot and cole!
water: elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 106 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat«
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.: rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription}
rerelvett at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
ELLIS, tl«— Elegantly furnished rooms: also
neat single room; modern conveniences.
FILLMORE. 1845. cor. Bush— Large front room,
furnished or unfurnished; gent preferred.
FOLBOM. 945. corner Blxth (The Olivet)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mngmt.
FRAXKLIX. 21 (Newport House)-Sunnyroome;
bay windows; rrn. water; gas; $1 25 to $2 60.
GEARY. SU— Sunny single room; rent $S per
mouth. . - • - ' =• ...-¦ '¦-'¦- ._,"
GEARY. 4«i (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. e«o— Newly furnished room for gentle-
man; $U> per month. ¦ , , ;-
GOLDEN GATE . aye.. 727— Finely furnished
large front room; running" water; to gentle-
man; pfjrate; .reasonable. ...
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mi*»ion— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to 16 per week.
HARRISON.' 784. -nr 4th— Finely frnshd. rms.;
bath; all conveniences: homelike; $1 wk. up.
HOWARD. 134— Nice sunny front, room;, suit-
able for two gentlemen.
HOWARD. S2B— Clean, respectable; 25e-$l per
night; $l-$3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HYDE. 41$— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor.
HYDE. 729. bet. Sutter and Post— Nicely fur-
nished room for two gentlemen In private
family, with board.
LEAVENWORTH. ID2l— Two large sunny
rooms with yard: rent $7.
MCALLISTER. "20— Elegant tunny parlor, $1(
other room, $5.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. $1 per week; transient. ¦
NATOMA. 1312 H. near Fourteenth— Neatly fur-
nished sunny front room. $4; good home.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POST, C3l— Two small rooms, furnished. $3 each
per month; Protestant Christians; neither
drink nor smoke in the house.
POLK. 163J— I>nrge back parlor; well furnished:
very reasonable; ga«; bath.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rm». :
suites or single; running water: gas; reas..
POWELL. BIO— Pleasant, sunny room; gas;
grate; fcr 1 or 2 gentlemen: reasonable.
POWELL. 612 A— Large sunny front room«;
newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen.
ROYAL House. VS Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading room; smoking room ami ladiea" par-
lor; rofcms. t.er night. TJic to $1 week, $2 to
$$; month. J8 to $20; elevator on olfice floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEIJALE ir>use. 319 & 221 Ellis 'St.— Rooms,
night, tic to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; op»n night.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— Up-to-
date, fireproof building; electric elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold ' water; • radiators:
huites and single; rooms appreciated when
s_*?n.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ST. PETER'S Home, 70S California— Changed
hands; nicely furnl«hej rooms; also house-
keeping rooms. '
SUTTER. JIJI, nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suite*; also hskpg. : terms, reasonable.
Tt'RK. KB— Handaomt alcove room: grate, gas,
!>«th. runn'.nc water; other rooms.
THE KSTELLA. IJ4SH Mission— Front suite;
alro front room: gas. bath and crate.
Till-: OAKS. 159 Third— A good rooming house
?or goo»1 people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIUD. 32^^— Sunny rooms for housekeeping:
terms, moderate. - • - :
- WG RENT ROOMS • -
CITY RENTING CO.. 632 Market st.
WEBSTER. IRIS. n»ar Putter— Furnished room
In private family, with or without board.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
t!r.em«nt* and -subscriptions hns been opened
at ',123 Polk xt.: or>en till 3 p. m.
A BRANCH offire for Call advertisements and
Mibscrlplions has b*-en established at the
nortbWMt comer of Tv.enty-second and Ken-
ttfky sts : irrn till 9 p. tn.
O |Tim»| |Tlin*| lTlmet ITJme!
• 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
S |L W| f IT Wj \U MV\ |H W|
!i ... 2:SS ?.S 5:25 5.6 3.13—0.2 10:13 4.!
!7 ... 3:23 !.4 9:19 5.T 3:5« — 0.1 10:50 5.:
IS ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 5.8 4:39—0.1 11:25 5.
1 ... S:CO 1.3 11:20 5.7 5:22 0.4 11:59 6.!
2 ... 5:50 0.9 12:15 5.5 6:01 O.S
H W L. W * H W L, W
3 ... 0:35 5.6 6:3S 0.« 1:12 5.2 «:4I 1..
4 ... 1:11 5.7, 7:23| 0.5 2:12| 4.8 7:22 1.1
Steamer. I From. . I Due.
From.
Due.
Coos Bay Newport Feb. IS
yueen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. W
Orizaba Humboldt.. Feb. 28
Robt.' Adarnson Nanalmo Feb. 28
Ruth :... Coo« Bay Feb. 28
A Blanchard.. Coos 8ay...-. Feb. 26
Benmohr V Oynter Harbor Feb. 29
Cresront City.. Crescent City. Feb. Z*
Coqullle River.. .Grays Harbor Feb. *T
Australia (Honolulu Feb. j;
Leander (Kotchinotzu Feb. 17
Arcata !Coo« Bay Feb. 27
Tlllamook iTlllamook Bay Feb. 27
Wellington ...'..(Oyster Harbor.. Feb. 17
Samoa ...... IHumboldt. ...'... Feb. J7
Corona 'San TM-eo ...; Feb. 2t
San Pedro |Humbotdt. Feb. 1%
Empire ICoos Bay... Feb. 23
State of Cal Portland Mar. 1
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. 1
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 1
Xatlonal City.. Grays Harbor Mar. 1
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 1
Acapulco Panama Mar. 2
Bontta Newport Mar. I
Coraeao • Mexico Mar. 2
Prosrreso Taeoma... , Mar. 2
Waslitenaw ....Taeoma ..'. Mar. 2
North .Fork Humboldt ." Mar. 3
Walla Walla.. 1 . Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 3
Pomona San Dlepo Mar. 4
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j P> r .
Pomona ...tftan Dlrito (Feb. M, It aroiPler U
North Fork'Humboldt IFeb. 2«. » ara|Pler 2
A. B!a.nch'd[Coos Bar Feb. r«. 5 pia|Pier U
Coptic .....| China k Japan Feb. *;, Ipm PMSS
Columbia ..'Portland Feb. 27. 10 am;Picr 24
N«wburg ..jGrays Harbor Feb. ST. 5 pml
Coos Bay...|Newport Feb. 28.. 9am Pier 11
Peru 'Panama Feb. 28. 12 m PMSS
Sails.
IP>r.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j P> r .
Pomona ...tftan Dlrito (Feb. M, It aroiPler U
North Fork'Humboldt IFeb. 2«. » ara|Pler 2
A. B!a.nch'd[Coos Bar Feb. r«. 5 pia|Pier U
Coptic .....| China k Japan Feb. *;, Ipm PMSS
Columbia ..'Portland Feb. 27. 10 am;Picr 24
N«wburg ..jGrays Harbor Feb. ST. 5 pml
Coos Bay...|Newport Feb. 28.. 9am Pier 11
Peru 'Panama Feb. 28. 12 m PMSS
Sails.
IP>r.
Steamer. I From. . I Due.
From.
Due.
Coos Bay Newport Feb. IS
yueen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. W
Orizaba Humboldt.. Feb. 28
Robt.' Adarnson Nanalmo Feb. 28
Ruth :... Coo« Bay Feb. 28
A Blanchard.. Coos 8ay...-. Feb. 26
Benmohr V Oynter Harbor Feb. 29
Cresront City.. Crescent City. Feb. Z*
Coqullle River.. .Grays Harbor Feb. *T
Australia (Honolulu Feb. j;
Leander (Kotchinotzu Feb. 17
Arcata !Coo« Bay Feb. 27
Tlllamook iTlllamook Bay Feb. 27
Wellington ...'..(Oyster Harbor.. Feb. 17
Samoa ...... IHumboldt. ...'... Feb. J7
Corona 'San TM-eo ...; Feb. 2t
San Pedro |Humbotdt. Feb. 1%
Empire ICoos Bay... Feb. 23
State of Cal Portland Mar. 1
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. 1
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 1
Xatlonal City.. Grays Harbor Mar. 1
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 1
Acapulco Panama Mar. 2
Bontta Newport Mar. I
Coraeao • Mexico Mar. 2
Prosrreso Taeoma... , Mar. 2
Waslitenaw ....Taeoma ..'. Mar. 2
North .Fork Humboldt ." Mar. 3
Walla Walla.. 1 . Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 3
Pomona San Dlepo Mar. 4
Orizaba. ....[HumboMt Feb. 28. 2 pmlPler »
Samoa !Humbol<Jt Mar. 1. TO am Pier 13
Que<?n iVlc & Pgt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 mm Pier 9
Coron* (San Diego Mar. 2. U am Pier U
Coquille RvfGraya Harbor Mar. 2
Arcata iCooa Bay 'Mar. I. Warn Pier U
Bonlta |?an Pedro IMaf. J. 9 am Pier U
Pt. .Arena.. IPoInt Arena. .{Mar. 3. 2pm'Pi«r J
State of CallPortland (Mar. 4. lOam'Plerlt
O |Tim»| |Tlin*| lTlmet ITJme!
• 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
S |L W| f IT Wj \U MV\ |H W|
!i ... 2:SS ?.S 5:25 5.6 3.13—0.2 10:13 4.!
!7 ... 3:23 !.4 9:19 5.T 3:5« — 0.1 10:50 5.:
IS ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 5.8 4:39—0.1 11:25 5.
1 ... S:CO 1.3 11:20 5.7 5:22 0.4 11:59 6.!
2 ... 5:50 0.9 12:15 5.5 6:01 O.S
H W L. W * H W L, W
3 ... 0:35 5.6 6:3S 0.« 1:12 5.2 «:4I 1..
4 ... 1:11 5.7, 7:23| 0.5 2:12| 4.8 7:22 1.1Tills striking photograph represents the three-year-old son of Mrs. Jess.
Potter of 394 South First Street, Brooklyn, X. V., who says, under date of
Sept. 23, 1899, regarding his cure of a disfiguring face humor: My baby's
face -was covered with ringworms. We could not lay a pin between the
sores on his face and neck, and he was a sight to look at. Two doctors
attended him for three weeks, without success, when I heard of Cuticura.
I got a box of Cuticura Soap, and a box of Cuticura Ointment. I only
applied them three days, when I could see his face was better, and in four
weeks he was cured. His face is as clear as a bell, and not a mark on it.'
In all the world there la no treatment co pnre, co sweet, co economical, bo speedily effec-
tive tor distressing elln and ecalp humors of Infants and children as Cctticuba. A warm
bath with Clticcba Soap, and a elnjlc anointing with Coticcra Ointment, purest of
emollient 6tln enres, followed when Dccessary by a mild dose of Ccticoba Resolvekt,
will afford Instant relief, permit rest and sleep to both parent and child, and point to a
rpeedr permanent, and economical cure when all else falls. Sold throughout the world.
Trice THE SET, «1.2 a t or. CuTiemu, Soap, £»c., CrrnctißA Oistment, ao«., Cimctnu
Beso'lvett Me roriE* Deco A»» Chem. Coar., Sole Props., Boston. " How to Cur*
JJabj HuniT»/! free.
GOLDBSRS, BO WT2I * Co' 3 SPECIAL 8*7133 SALS
A PUTRID SORE ON
THE BODY POLITIC
REV. K. NELANDER of the First
English Lutheran Church preached a
forceful eermon last night against the
Iniquities of Ingleside and its twin breed
er cf crime, the downtown poolrooms. The
roePt pointed por
tion of his address
follows: _ ««i— ¦— —
"It appears that
the Ingleside Race ¦ ,. t^
Track Association is .y^ »V
about to attempt to f » \
fasten itself upon &— . --. «. )
the recks of the izr'o f^l
present Board of l,w. • '*y
Supervisors and se- K-**^^* is
cure permits for the * " A
reopening of that / x7V
Institution. In the o^* ?ff P*"
<lefense of every *- y^jW^ /
merchant who em- y ?' 7 X/
ploys a clerk; of j \\^ -***
every man who en- L_2_—^£-^ •
trusts money to
other hanOs; of REV. E. NELANDER.
every parent who
v .:is sun:-; of every man who loves rigni
couxneM; lot this training school of for
pcrv and defalcation be suppressed. Only
tboM who have investigated the subject
bare any idea of the enormity of that
form of eambllcs that has been insep
arably connected with Ingleside.
-Our prisons are full of young men who
ascribe their downfall to their infatuation
*or race track and poolroom gambling. No
man could long give himself to these
pleasures and not be battered in morals.
JnrleFide has become a eynonym for all
That is degrading. Directly or indirectly.
This evil strikes at every man, woman and
child in San Francisco. The only way to
combat the evil is to strike at the places
of iniquity themselves, for once the infer
nal fi'wll is on the victim no preacher's
voice, no warning of friend, nor wife's
entreaty can make him stay for a mo
rn ent his headlong career on the road to
hell. It is a putrid sore on the body pol
itic. It brings no return. Even a cat pays
for the fragment it eats by clearing the
house of vermin, but the pool-seller gives
nothing for that which he takes but an
;.--;:>h and shame and woe. With the "bull
lights of Spain may the Ixird God anni
hilate the accursed race track gambling:
of America. As for Ingleside. San Fran
cisco may well cry out in the words of
Lady Macbeth, 'Out, damned spot!" "
KEEP UP BARRIERS
AGAINST CORRUPTION
Struck With a Cane.
Thomas F. Rcilly. H2O Washington
etreet, swore to a complaint before Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of F. J.
Sinclair, who .is . connected with the
Uutchers' and Stockgrowers" Journal, on
the charge of assault with a deadly
THE Inploside outrage and the pool
room disgTace was a topic treated
upon by Rev. E. A. Woods of the
First Baptist Church, in a prelude to his
sermon last evening. His views of the
evil were thus ex-
pressed :
j "One year ago the
poopl«\ the pulpit
x**"<^^"\ and the press made
& \t\ a crusade against
¦ «, .— ' J Rambling at the
*? •¦ »£, racetrack and pool
., *J rooms In this city.
r^xj 1 . tf This combined ef
('^T,'/ fort was then vie-
A\«>^V' / X torious. Surely our
Supervisors will not
«^7 r**. j/ ) now yield to the In-
V***7 fluence of the Im
l \ / >» moral and criminal
„ \ » » / classes and permit
1 ' ' the^e practices to
have the sanction of
BET. E. A. WOODS, the law. The repu
tation of our city
¦will be Injured and the feelings of its
citizens outragf-d if the barriers to vice
and crime are allowed to be broken down.
Hundreds of young men and boys are
educated in gambling by pool selling. Our
lousiness men are becoming afraid to em
ploy young men who visit these resorts.
"The officers of our city received the
votes cf men of different parties with
the p'-edge that under the new charter
¦we should have pood government and
that the wishes of the people should be
respected. We were promised a new San
Francisco, and surely the licensing of
these crime-breeding resorts Is not a step
upward."
Dr - Parker's Cough Cure.. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try It. All dniKlsta.'.*.
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
¦John" Gilhooley, laborer residing at
1210 Mason street,, was found death in bed
by • some of his family yesterday after
noon.; The gas Jet in. the room was open.
The man died from asphyxiation, it Is
supposed by accident. Gllhooley has been
suffering from asthma for some time.- He
was^confined to his apartments most of
the day. yesterday. The Coroner will hold
an inquest.' .
Struck by a Boom.
Harry Johnson,, a sailor on the scow
schooner Delia Griffin, was brought from
Redmond City to- the Receiving Hospital
by a friend yesterday afternoon. Saturday
night while^ the vessel was off Redwood
City." Johnson was struck on the back by
the boom and knocked agalnst^the rail.
It was found that three of his ribs were
fractured, andhe was suffering. from .the
shock to his, system. He lives at 10 St.
Charles place. -^ttBHHBS9Pe%
Ladles' fine Kid Ties, worth %Z 50; for
only S*Oc a pair at the- sale of shoes, 717
Market Btreet, near Third. •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
FOR THE
||w CAPE NOME
GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT 14th for tha
CAPti NOME GOLD FItLDS
Via Seattle, leavlns there ' May 19th. Subse-
quent trips will b« from Seattle direct, namely:
June STst. July list and Ausrust 20th. Passsn-
rers are advised to Inspect the Senator beforo
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
eecond-class and steerase accommodations are
superior to the flrat-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
running Its steamers to Alaska— winter anci
summer— for 25 -years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Une. For further Information In-
quire of J. F. TROWnRIDGE. Ocean Dock
Seattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 243 Washington
St.. Portland. Or. W. PAHRIS. 124 West S»c-
ond St.. Loa Angeles. Cal. GOODALJU PER-
KINS A CO.. Gen. Acents. 4 New Montgomery
•t.. or 10 Market St.. San Francisco. Cai.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The amazing thing is that attorneys
disgracing an honorable profession can bo
found sufficiently low as to present such
a 1a 1 proposition. But these legal prostitute.s
are always In evidence when some new
method 01 corrupting public morals: is to
b« exploited — men who can sell their in
telligence and the honor of their profes
sion (personally they have none) for the
hire or Iniquity. I hesitate not to say,
that the poor prostitute who sells her
body to whoever will buy Is a vest.il vir
gin in moral character compared with
these worse than shysters. . Has not . tsan
Francisco become the .open sore of muni
cipal America to an extent sufficient? For
what did the good, citizenship combine to
rescue the. new charter and fight for the
election of our present officials, with the
increased power conferred by the char
ter? Was It not to retain what little >.ad
been secured looking to a better anil jrafer
condition and to make possible the bring
ing of our beautiful city in its public
standards up at least in rights to those of
other cities of our country? I am glad to
be a citizen of San Francisco, but I am
tired of being told by every, sightseeing
ptranger: 'Yours is the most open and
the most corrupt city I have seen on
earth.'
"I canno think that this danger Is real,
but the mere F suggestion , of a possibility
should arouse the public conscience and
Btlr every newspaper and pulpit to an out
cry. Everybody knows that >It was the
notorious *> dishonesty of Ingleside that
compelled ltc closing before." ¦
GOLDBERG
BOW EN
& GO
This week "cat" drin;k
and be — c on t e'nj: e ,d-:
¦Next week — Lent,
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Baking pOWder— Excelsior 30C
reg'ly 40c lb — our make
Excelsior means— still higher ; ever
upward
Whiskey-gf£^ B jbats3
reg'ly 5i bottle $4 gallon gallon . 3
Pure — medicinal
EggS dozen 15C
Shirr them on the white
enamel egg plates t
WalnutS— California 2 lbs' 25C
Big bit cigars our specialty
Toilet ammonia , 2£c
reg'ly 30c bottle
Softens water for bath and toilet
Almonds— shelled 30c
reg'ly 40c Ib — California
Special values in bit cigars here
BaCOn— ArmourTStar 16c
reg'ly 18c lb — winning Its way to
public flavor day by day
Chocolate— vi gO r\ , 55c
reg'ly 65c I b— Hauswaldt's Kraft—
chocolade — best substitute for cod liver
oil
We've cigars for five cents—
tcorth the money
Pineapple 20c
whole 3lb tin sliced 2lb tin
Curry powder pint 30c
reg'ly 35c and 20c - 4oz ICC
Wt sell some cigars for <ico bits—
Coffee— Crescent 2OC
reg'ly 25c lb— ground or roast
There's much in the making
Olives— Teyssonneau^c and4sC
reg'lv 35c and 50c bottle— farcies
Stuffed with anchovies — rich— tasty
Larger sizes— better selections here
for hit cigars than elsewhere
Cranberry sauce 3 tins 50c
reg'ly 3 tins 75c — Anderson's or
Campbell's— ready for use— fresh
cranberries won't keep— these will
Tooth powder— Listerated 2OC
Big bit cigars inmany different
sizes and brands here
Bay riim— reg'ly 35c bottle •; $OC
We bottle, it and know It's" good
Paprika— Schlessinger
'size loz 20Z 40Z Boz 16 oz
reg'ly » ioc- - 15c- 2oc- 40c: 75c
spec 3 tins 25c I2}c 15c 35c 65c
Hungarian sweet red pepper
Smokers who buy big cigars here are
tcalkina advertisements for us '
OOLDBERS. BOWTH t COS SPECIAL 3 A VINO BALK
Beef— Gerard qts $2 IO
reg'ly $2 35 and $1 53 135
Fine as German pllser.er
telephone for a dozen— try It
If you shouldn't like it we'll call for it
Lard— 'Sea Foam 30c 50c $1
reg'ly 35c 3 Ib-^6oc 5 Ib— sl 10 10 lb
Pure leaf— rendered for fine trade
Buyers of bit cigars compliment
r< ttson'tchat they get
White enamel ware-made
• same as agate but with white enamel
Instead of gray— blue rim— pretty
IeZZ a«e?s 3eC2* 4 *ZZ*
Egg plates ioc 15c 20c 25c
reg ly 15c 20c 25c 30c
Basin— 12 Inches rim to rim 25C
regularly 30c.
Drinking mug-pint • 15c
regularly 20c
Send postal for illustrated catalogua ;
special prices on big orders ?
4)2 Pine 232 Sutter *300 Cal ifornla San Francises
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth QakUnJ
TyUBLIC sentiment is against the reopening of Ingleside and opposed to the unrestricted operations
J^of the dozvntowii poolrooms. Practically the sentiment is unanimous. Aside from a mere hand-
ful of greedy gamblers who prey upon the rising' generation and who thrive at the expense of the
cify's honor and morals, no one wants these incubators of crime to continue. The Board of Supervis
ors cannot mistake the meaning of the cry of. indignation that arose when it sccincd possible that the
racetrack conspirators would break through the barrier which keeps them beyond the city's limits. The
members cannot afford to act contrary to the wishes of the people who placed them in their positions.
If they were to permit the reopening of this kindergarten of crime the first iron-clad hoof that
went coursing around the track, clanking against the empty skulls of Ingleside's victims, would sound
the political dcathkncll of every official responsible for the outrage.
So important is the matter to the moral zuelfare of San Francisco that many ministers 0/ the
gospel in the city entered their pulpits yesterday for the express purpose of raising their voices in pro- ,
test and appealing to good citizenship to save the community from the assaults of the gamblers and
blacklegs. They held up before their congregations that bloody list of those unfortunates who were lured
to Ingleside and suffered the penalty. They urged that the young men and young women of the city
be saved from the temptation thai would be held out to them if Inglcsidc's gates were •thrown open and
the poolrooms permitted to continue in business.
Can the Supervisors ignore these appeals ?¦¦ Can 'they afford to desert the ranks of decency and
morality and ally themselves with gamblers and propagators of vice?
BRINGS RUIN TO
COUNTLESS HOMES
RUIN IN WAKE OF
RACE TRACK EVIL
ITS ENTRANCE IS
THE GATE TO HELL
ONE of the most outspoken of the
clergy in their protest against the
vice of racetrack gambling Is Rev.
T. Caraher of St. Francis Church. Ha
said: "It would be to San Francisco's
ldvantage if the
Ingleside racetrack __^ mm m^ mm
re m a ined perma
nently closed. Its
presence In our y^^^*\
midst is a menace fjr y •
to our young men \\ \
and women, and any A' "S?*- *»• 1
effort made to re- tt i __, I
open its portals V. -^ I
should meet with . \ • J
condemnation. I am> /ys^^JX
opposed to gambling X V — !>iV.
because it is detri- '^>< \~J / v*"*-*
mental to the mor- • L^ \"\ / •%!
als of this city. Z \A/ ;
During the past c» N^ \j /
year I have met a """"^ "
number of unfortu
nates who lost home rev. T. CAKAHER.
and property
through playing the races, and I have
also known deluded parents who foolishly
expended their savings and their earnings
in the betting ring, leaving their children
to suffer for life's necessities. Our young
women are led to ruin by the poolroom
system, and this should be prevented In
future by curtailing that evil power. The
racetrack and the poolroom leads them
into spheres that they should never enter
and they would not be tempted to do so
if they did not exist. I have no objection
to racing when it has for its object the
exhibition of equine speed, but when bet
ting is introduced it not only kills the
sport but brings ruin to countless thou
sands."
weapon. Rellly said he was going home
about 4 o'clock yesterday morning; when
Sinclair stepped out of the doorway of
417 Mason street and struck him a vio^»nt
blow on the head with a cane, smashing
his hat and cutting open his scalp. The
assault was unprovoked. Sinclair was ar
rested yesterday afternoon.
AT th© Stewart Memorial United Pres
byterian Church last evening Rev.
\V. E. Dugan, the pastor, raised a
voice against the polluting Influence of
the poolrooms and the misery resulting
from Ingleslde, to
•which the Super
pM ¦ \ visors cannot turn
#a deaf ear. The pre
lude to his sermon
follows:
"I cannot think
that the present Su
pervisors will stain
their record by even
listening to a peti
tion to reopen Ingle
side. To open this
track is to swing
open a door that
leads ' by a short
-. - T J route to the hell of
• mm —~— m this and the other
.world. The immoral
REV. w. E. DUGAN," lnfluence of tr-e
racetrack, as carried
on at Ingleslde, Is beyond all conception.
If the Supervisors consent to open the
gambling vice, they will .immerse them
selves in as black a crime as if they
turned a train load of hungry tigers loose
in tho streets of our city.
"We have shoved the black-hearted,
blear-eyed, bloodthristy monster across
the county line, and In the name of the
purity of the woman and the integrity of
the man let us throttle this great in
iquity when It attempts to-morrow even-
Ins to shove its blood-stained paw into
our midst. If we give this hefl-hearted
monster a foothold, it will pounce upon
our city with all the ferocity of a cruel,
savage, hungry panther, reared and tan
talized by the savagery of perdition.
"Let our Supervisors remember that to
reopen the Ingleside track means that
every inch •of it will be paved with
wrecked characters, blasted hopes and
ruined homes, and cemented by human
blood. No business house of the city Is
safe with its employes as patrons of gam
bling institutions. If we are going to li
cense such criminality as Is inseparably
connected with a gambling racetrack,
why not license pickpockets, burglars and
all classes of parasites feeding and fatten
ing on a downtrodden public?
"The friction from the crushed charac
ters, hopes and fortunes, which the agent
of hell has already hurled down to ruin,
lights a flame that burns away every ex
cuse for reopening, the avenue of blood
and plunder.
'Oh. beautiful San Francisco, queen of
the Pacific, with thy countenance of
sparkling like polished diamonds In an
ocean of gold, rise in the name of hu
manity and wash your hands from' the
polluting crime bound up In racetrack
gambling."
JOSEPH KORBEL DIES
AFTER A SHORT ILLNESS
Joseph Korbel, a member of the firm of
F. Korbel & Bros., clear-box manufac
turers at 723 Bryant -?reet. passed away
yesterday, after a short illness, at the
family residence, which adjoins their big
mill.
, Deceased was one of the most important
figures in the German colony of this city,
a leading member of all the German-so
cieties, and one of the owners of one ( of
the largest vineyards in the State. It is
located at Korbel Station. Sonoma Coun
ty, and had branches in San . Francisco
and Chicago. He also controlled a large
lumber tract at Arcata, Humboldt Coun
ty, which furnished material for the mills
in operation in that county and in San
Francisco. >h»hw
. Deceased. was the founder of the "Wasp,
and the discoverer of Keppler, the car
toonist, who finally became world famous.
* Mr. Korbel was born in Bohemia in
March, i 044, and came, to this country
with' hi3 brother, Francis Korbel. when
quite a young. man. They established a
business in this city, and to-day it is
rated as one of the big industries. • :
Services over tne body "will be held at
the family residence on Wednesday morn
ing. The interment will : be/in- Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery. ¦¦r-jatsJußmaam
AS a prelude to his morning sermon
yesterday, Rev. Philip Combe, pastor
of the Richmond Congregational
Church, appealed to his congregation to
use its influence against the reopening of
Inglpside and the unrestricted operation
of the downtown poolrooms. In part he
¦aid:
"One of the best things that has been
done during the past few years to pre
vent crime in San Francisco was the pas
sage by the Board of Supervisors of an
ordinance to close the Ingleside racetrack,
which was signed by Mayor Phelan on
March 13, last year, and became an effec
tive law. It is stated that a movement
is to be made on Monday night to get
the present board to- rescind this action
of their predecessors. It does not seem
possible that such an attempt can be suc
cessful.' The men who are to be thus ap
proached were elected in the belief that
they were in sympathy with the era of
good government so well begun, and that
they would use the j>ower given them
to help to make our ?ity one of the best
ethically and esthetlcal^y. as it is locally
and topographically. Scarcely anything
could occur that would be more injurious
to healthful growth, more ruinous to busi
ness integrity, more degenerating to pub
lic morals, more defiant to good sentiment,
more offensive to official trust than this.
It behooves us as Christian citizens to
pray that God in his infinite wisdom and
almighty power will co influence the
hearts of the men in whose hands the
welfare of our city so largely rests that
they shall resist every effort put forth to
make them violate the confidence that
has .been reposed in them and the honor
that has been conferred upon them."
INGLESIDE'S DUPES
FILL SAN QUENTIN
A MENACE TO THE
CITY'S MORALITY
REV. JOHN HEMPHILL. of Calvary
Presbyterian Church urged the mem
bers of his congregation last evening
to use their personal influence with the
Supervisors to maintain the barrier
against Ingleslde
and the downtown
f"~— — mm^ poolrooms. Refer
¦^""~*»v ring to the • evil of
• the places, he said:
m h "I ¦¦ know ¦ some-
I — » «-> 9 thing of the state of
(5 ***** »J. morality in our
. <A #7 land, for I have la-
M 4&£ v / bored both East
\*gSJA.r and West, and I
wSlV^i know that I speak
Asß&t^K the truth when I
.. yV\T f V. 6ay that the church-
es have done more
¦ If /[ I for the promotion
o _ // // / of- pure morality
¦"¦"¦~*""" i "™^™"^" than all legislative
t> ev enactments and pe
jmTVTiPv'pmiT nal inflictions. If
JOHN HEMFHIU* thfi cnurcheg do not
stand for moral purification, they stand
for nothing. I am informed that an effort
is on foot to reopen the Ingleside race
track. • I am opposed to the race track be
cause the race track is opposed to good
morals. , I have seen . women returning
from the race track bedraggled, feverish,
excited, with the gleam of gambling, gains
or losses, in their blood-shot eyes. I do
not think such women make good wives
and mothers. I do not think that Is the
stuff for the moral upbuilding of our city.
But 'open the race track,' we are told,
'and It attracts people to our city who
will spend money with a free hand.' So
does the carrion attract the buzzard; but
we want neither buzzard nor carrion.
There is financial gain that is. moral loss,
and there is financial loss that is moral
gain. They are talking of a new sewer
system for Greater San Francisco. The
churches should do their duty in keeping
the moral sewers clean. I am opposed to
the opening of Ingleside. and I know that
this church is a unit behind me. Do you
know any of our city fathers? Use your
influence with them, and do what you can
to prevent iniquity from coming in upon
us like a flood. As a church, let us stand
for the moral uplifting of our city."
FUTURE OF YOUTH
HANGS IN BALANCE
REV. DR. HUTSINPILLER of Central
M. E. Church spoke yesterday morn-
Ing on the topic, "Where Shall the
Boy Be Found?" and In the evening on
"The Mistake of the Young Man." He
referred in both ser-
mons to the neces- i
slty of making it as /-*~N__
probable as possible / — C~V
that a boy should be /f N \
found on the way. to V [ \
noble manhood, and I*,^ ?•{
that young men ; I>J
should enter the • l/vft z/_z /_
arena of manly pur- V^^ f. '
suits full of hope X^ f\ ¦
and girded with the J vr
best habits. This A TOv^y^
was in line to clear L< rj / '
and relevant re- v^v/
marks concern Ing V^
the opening of the 1° - XV
Ingles ide track.
Briefly he said: REV.
ChHstianity^is 1 the^S-D. HUTSINPILLER
open gate and the highway for manhood,
and whatever hinders this deserves the
enmity and constant opposition of all who
believe in developing out of young men
and happy ohildhood a type of moral and
splendid manliness. Would to God that
we -could engage all men In helping the
boys into industrious, sober, honest, clean
citizenship. It ought not to take press
and pulpit and school teacher and re
former and mass-meeting to teach our
city governments that It is ever wise and
economical and right to eliminate and
banish centers and fountains of swift and
flowing temptation from those' who throng
our city. Whatever cultivates and fos
ters the desire for undue excitement,- the
passion for gambling, the desire to get
something for nothing or much for little
is a menace to the boy.
"If the facts are clear to us, we can
see clearly . and with anxiety that the
proposed opening of Ingleside racetrack
and the attendant temptations is a men
ace to the already overtempted and much
excited and susceptible youth of our city.
Pool dealing in general and particular la
wastefulness. Granting that men must
have recreation and some sport, no sensi
ble man is willing to concede that what
has proved a nuisance in the past and
was closed because It was bad in its ef
fects on the morals and manhood of the
city — yes, and the womanhood, too— no
clear-brained man, I say, is ready to con
cede that the Board of Supervisors of our
city can open again this avenue to gamb
ling and wastefulness."
JEWISH CAKEWALK
WAS GREATLY ENJOYED
A decided novelty . was introduced by
the Hebrew artists, Julius Rosenwasser
and A. Tanzman, at the benefit given last
night to Rosenwasser at Odd Fellows'
Hall. It consisted of the "Hebrew cake
walk, and was greatly enjoyed by a
large audience. Tanzman was attired in
the ancient costume of the Polish Jew,"
and Rosenwasser assumed -the female
Part. The act was a travesty on the pop
ular negro Cakewalk, in which the two
artists 1 sang the "Ragtime Song" to He
brew words, composed by Mr. Rosenwas
ser. The evolutions of the pair were de
cidedly amusing, and had to be repeated.
The great musical comedy. "The Miser;
or, The Merchant of Russia," was also
presented, with the following cast:
Gronom. a ; miser. A. Tar.zman; Salmon, a
merchant. S.Greenberp: Leah, his wife. Mme.
F. Greenbent: Rachel, their daughter. Miss M.
Schneider: Slesktnd, a lottery ajrent,' I. Fried
lander; .Nachmon, a letter • carrier, S. Left;
Chajem, a retired merchant, Lemke. a match
maker, Josef, Rachel's lover. PesseJ, Salmon's
cook, Julius Rosenwasser; musical leader. Pro
fessor: Maurice Roee.
During the action of the play the follow
ing son«s were sung: "Marriage is Good,
A. Tanzman; "When I Was a Cook";
"Jewish Serenade"; "Because I .Love
You" (in -Hebrew). Julius • Rosenwasser;
duet. "Promise to Be True,".J. Rosenwas
ser and Miss -M. Schneider.
SPRING- --1900
¦Our. assortment of NEW SILKS for soring
and summer wear is now most complete, and
during the coming week we will show a great
varietu of the LATEST NOVELTIES in this
department,
Fancu Satin and Taffeta Stripe, openwork
effects, in all the new pastel shades
...S/.SOYard
Taffeta Plisse, in fancu stripes, newest effects
for waists- S/.50 Yard
Corded and Plisse Stripe Taffeta, self colors
S/.3SYard
Two-toned Taffeta, white and colored satin
stripes, extra heavu gualitu •
SL2S Yard
Hemstitched and Corded Fancu Striped Taf-
. feta, In all the latest spring shades
S/.23 Yard
Open Work Fancu Satin Striped Silk •
••.... S/./5 Yard
Extra Qualitu Soft Finish Foulard Silks, 24
inches wide. 51.25 Yard
Satin Finish Fine Twilled French Foulards,
23, 24 and 27 Inches wide.. SLOP Yard
SPECIAL I
200 pieces FINE TWILL FOULARDS, all the
latest stules and colorings, full 23 inches
in width... ¦ 35° Yard
HI. Jl3. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
¦¦¦-?..¦'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1900.
¦ Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia:
Srusjfilsta. iOc flask. ~ Rlch&rda & Co.. 406 CUr.
Nose=Diggin£
Eye=Glasses
Are the old kind. Our new clip can't i\t: don't
slip or tilt. They're solid comfort, for 60 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
MnJudGAMtQ
642 Market St., instrument*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and N'ervhx
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orcans tor both a?xe3.
The Mexican Remedy for Dlseas-a of the Kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS ft BRUXE. Anents.
CJ Market street. B. F.— (Send for Circular).
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
REV. JOHN A. B. WIIiSON' of the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church discussed last evening
"Things Forgotten "Which Ought to Be
Remembered." During the course of his
sermon he dwelt at
length on the terrl- f""^""^"~" ™™ — ¦— — »
ble results which
would attend the ra- s y ~*-*.2s
opening if Ingleside. /
He sai.l: \\ \)
"I am told that we I ¦£/
must prepare for an- \X % \
other contest ->vit.h \n /
gamblers and rr.ce- \ \."^T>4 •
track men, who ex- S\\ ' V
pect to buy enough V^w/P* I*^1 *^
of our- Supervisors \<£uJ|
to open their demor- *\ N^ 7 >
alization. Are there >^ \J /
not already a ouifi- /
cient number of men '** x /
in San Quentin as
the result of this in
iquity? Are there not REV. J. A. B. WILSON
enough of women
iquity? Are there not enough of women
leading nameless lives who were led down
by one or the other of these evils?
"First of all, while I do not believe that
one Supervisor will vote to reopen this
iniquity who is not bribed to do so, yet
I do not believe that we elected that kind
last fall. This whole matter seems as
though it must be a false alarm. But it
is a good thing to be alarmed about. - Th«
Ingleside racetrack must not be reopened.
The open gambling games must be sup
pressed. There is not, I believe, one hon
est race run anywhere about this city.
There is not one honest game played.
There is not one straight niekel-in-the-
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PULPITS WARNING
AGAINST THE VULTURES
OF THE TRACK
REV. E. NELAXDER.
REV. E.A. WOODS.
REV. T. CARAHER.
REV. W". E. DUGAN,
REV.
S. D. HUTSINPILLER
REV. J. A. B. WILSON-
REV.
JOHN HEiirHILL.