HAPPILY for the present writer the text to this
thesis is confronting him only as a theory and
not a condition. He has a wife and he has a
tome, but the two are inseparable, and, so far. for hi-n
personally this crisis has only been crisising in her di
rection.
Having had absolutely no experience in this regard,
except as the provider of the temporary vacant chair
n..>.c.r, I z-:v perhaps'all the more prepaid to Rive se^v
eral splendid solutions of the problem — each solution
better than the other.
It would be idle to digress to the extent of even
hinting that it would be no task to be happy during
the first or hundredth visit away from home of some
wives. And it would also be idle to say that I could
be the least b:t happy, even for the sake of argument.
dv:.:-.!; any absence away frora home' of the lady who
docs me the honor of wearing my name and spending
the money I earn.
Vv to the hour of going to press this dear little
woman has shown wonderful endurance. She has not
left our happy home even temporarily: she has not in
timated any such intention. This may be love or it
mays be resignation, but. come to think of it. it may be
deficiency of wardrobe. Yes, I remember now some
hints to this last effect. .
Thus, having no personal experience to draw upon,
I must imagine myself to bereft, deserted and alone.
and striving, sad heart, to be merry withal.
How th;.'l I be happy while my wife's away?
There is but one answer (I said I could give several,
bv.t it was a bluff). The answer is occupation.
I once knew a man who. fortunately, was kept under
rontrol. who confided to me that his one ambition in
life, the one great happiness he looked forward to. hope
ful, expectant, longing, was to go to New York sonic
right — he lived in Jersey on installments — and get in
toxicated and ride around the brilliantly lighted thor
oughfares of the great metropolis with his feet over the
dashboard of the craft and him crying "Whoopee!"
every time the autov.hatyoumaycallit turned a corner.
But he has a wife of great force of character and
•trcngth of mind and arm. She keeps him well in han-I
«nd will rot pamper him to the extent* of even permit
ting him to carry his luncheon into New York in a
dress suit case, as his more partially treated commuter
friends do.
If that man ever gets the opportunity; if his wife
ever goes away, I know he will meet the crisis with
Dutch courage, an electric cab and the "Whoopees!" he
has promised himself, and I will be sent for at some
unholy hor.r to bail him out.
To all of you who have such wicked thoughts and
plans as these (but no properly trained husband will
have them. I am sure), let n:e tell you of way^ far bct
trr to assuage the grief you feel during the temporary
ib^T.re of your fporse.
Don't smoke in the parlor under the hypocritical pre
tense that your doing so will keep the moths out of the
lace curtains. Ten to one the curtains arc Nottingham
and tlic moths have better taste.
Don't bring home the three or four friends who are
so fond of pinochec. You have only, the ordinary deck
in the drawer of your card table, and you will not.be
able to refu c c to bank for a little game of table stakes.
Penny ante is your limit. Then, those that lose will
hang you wp and those that win will collect for their
chips on the spot. Anyway, your wife ha^ never <-on
si'!(red these fellows fit company for you. Why nont
you make friends with that perfectly lovely Mr. Mid
ge!!?, who brought home a plaster of paris kneecap
that weighed forty pounds, a souvenir of Dewey, being
a part of ore o? the heroic figures on the Madison
square arch? When he was carrying it away a police
man tried to stop him and he just shook his umbrella at
the fellow. There's the kind of a man you ought to
know!
Jut failing in securing the companionship of Mr.
Micigette. there still remains the lethe of occupation.
"But," yo-.i say, "what shall I do? My work at my
store or office is exacting, and when I come home I do
not want to bring my business cares with me." '
True, indeed, say I! But there are occupations" at
once soothing and improving. Some light and cheerful
work to keep the mind engaged and the heart happy
when your helpmeet is away. To tell you what these
•ire and how to go about them is the purpose of this
essay.
Suppose you have a savage canary. Why not put in j
Crocheting is another pleasant occupation. In e*s«
you find golf too sedentary. Several dozen doyliej fin
ished by your hands will be a cheering task that will
give you pleasure and make the time of your wife'i ab
sence seem short indeed. Here are the directions hovr
to knit a dainty hemstitched "fascinator":
Knit four — purl — drop two — knit eight — overcast —
purl two — knit not — purl — drop four — foozle — drop the
whole blooming business.
In case you find you are not strong enough to do
crocheting, you may take up some lighter form of fancy
work, such as, say, the making of castiron statuary for
suburban la.vns. Do not let any of your friends dis
suade you from this by their sneering. "It's pretty, but it
isn't art!" Some of the very wealthiest people I know
have their lawns fairly covered with castiron statuary —
dog?, deer and moral mythological subjects.
A castiron dog is the best to begin on. Always
try everything on the dog is the first law of many
enterprises. Choose your model from life; your neigh
bor's dog will do. Put him in a barrel and your ready
mixed plaster of parts over him. In som; cases this re
sults in a model not exactly from life, but, after all. it's
your neighbor's dog. Having prepared your mold,
gather all the scrapiron you can find and melt it over
a slow fire. Do not be impatient, and at the same time
be careful it docs not jell before you are ready. Let it
gently shnmer and stir briskly all the time. From time
io tir.ie drop a little in a glass, of water; when you see
it hardens just right, grease your mold, pour in and
set aside to cool. The result v.r'l be astonishing.
In ca?e you desire to make a little pin money during
your wife's absence, for often a wife finds it hard xo
spare even the best of husbands mucli more than car
fare, you could sell the results of your crochetinsr or
the output of your home-made castiron statuary works
to some of your well-to-do married friends. But in case
you find it hard to dispose of your handiwork you mignt
the time while your wife is away in breaking its spirit
in taming its ferocious nature? Your pleasure will be
in anticipating the joy your wife will evince when «she
finds upon her return that the canary is cured of its
dangerous bursts of rage and sullen fits of temper. That
it will cat out of her hand, nor growl over its. food. -That
it will not bark at nigln J to disturb the neighbors again,
nor have to be, muzzled this summer as last. ' '-
To train a savage canary is the simplest affair when
one knows how. In the first place it must not be fed on
meat. A plain, substantial vegetarian diet, with fruit, is
the first 'step. The next is firmness. Let the canary see
that you will not be trifled with; that while your wife
is away you are the master of the house. If necessary
punish. Take it out daily for exercise.
earn a few extra dollars to give to your wife upon hei
return by taking in scrubbing:.
For, bear in mind that only a man who can so oc
cupy himself can be really happy while his wife is on
her first visit away from homel
SUNDAY
CALL
HOW TO LIVE HAPPILY
DURING YOUR WIFE'S
FIRST ABSCENE
FOR HOMETHE SUNDAY CALL.
2
MIDWINTER FASHIONS
IN SILK SHIRT
WAISTS
JT^ACH season some one in the realm of fashion, some one who
fl, loves long unbroken lines and zvhose artistic bump is jarred
by the hybrid combination — a waist of one color and a skirt
of another — declares that the reign of the shirt waist is over, that
it has seen its best day and is a thing of the past. But it is not
so. Separate waists are here and are here to stay. A woman can
make too creditable a showing with one skirt and four or five odd
waists ever to give them. up. They appeal to the economical side of
the pocketbook and to solid comfort too strongly ever to lose their
dominion over feminine hearts.
Materials for the separate waists vary. Persian velvet and
the new soft satin are very popular, crepe de chine, taffeta, mous
seline de soie, liberty silk and rare lace are used and are combined
zvith every imaginable trimming. Bands of velvet, frillings, shir
rings, tuckings and mousselinc de soie play an important part in the
making of the bodice. The tucked bodices are very much worn.
A pretty one can be fashioned of crepe de chine, tucked- from belt
to throat in horizontal tucks, the tucks decreasing in size as they
reach the waist line. Black stock and belt zvith jet or a soft collar
of chiffon complete this< simple waist.
This is a spangle season. Sequins, jets, steel and silver glis
ten on the bodices and at night shine like diamonds and are exceed
ingly becoming. She zuho has gypsy blood in her veins and loves
the glitter of gold and silver may spangle her zvaists to her heart's
content. White taffeta zvith silver trimming on lace is very dainty.
The boleros of applique with steel or silver and collar and belt to
match make a bodice of simple cut most attractive. - Gold braid,
black velvet and gold sequins finished zvith a collar and belt of
gold and jet make a beautiful theater waist and one to delight the
heart of its wearer. *
About the skirts to be worn zvith these separate waists. Every
woman knows that it is poor economy to wear the skirt of a gown
in this way, as the zvaist is usually nczv when the skirt is quite
worn out. It is sometimes a "puzzle to knozv just what material to
get for a separate skirt. For- any and every occasion the skirt of
black satin, velvet or silk is suitable, zvith the preference for silk
as it wears better. The plainer the skirt, that is the straighter . the
lines, the better. A much-trimmed skirt is exceedingly poor taste
as well as poor economy. For home wear or half evening dress a
white satin skirt is {very pretty and stylish. It demands for its
waist one of a pale light color and made of light, fluffy materials.
These skirts are not as extravagant as one would think. White
satin is not so expensive and it stays clean as long as any other
white .material and is much easier to clean.
Blue is perhaps the color of the moment. Not the cold pearl
blue, but the warm sunset blue which is quite yellowish, and the mir
ror blue which shows so many. colors.
Sapphire blue is very popular and its trimming is steel. The
combination of blue and steel gives a silvery effect which is par
ticularly pretty at night. Silver, steel and jet paillettes glisten on
the gowns as well- as, on the zvaists.yOV 3 ING is the woman at the bottom of it. "It," in this
case, is the highbinder war.
One little sixteen-year-old Chinese girl zvas of enough
importance to be brought all the way from Hongkong to .Marys
ville; to be sold into slavery for much clinking gold; to be rescued
by a white girl at the risk of life; to be hunted dozen in our city
by hundreds of scheming men, and finally to be smuggled on board
a steamcr^and sent, home over pounding winter seas. Her story is
told here by the girl who rescued her.
*T ERE in the heart of darkness yel-
I \ low men are skulking and spying
I I and hating and killing. Some
J^ I walk abroad bearing with them
+S the knowledge that they are
marked for death, -_id some go
forth unsuspecting to meet it, all because
of poor, little, helpless Jou Sing. She
was only 1G years old when she was coax
ed from her dull life in an outlying village
of Hongkong. It was a stupid world that
Burrounded her there— a world all rice
flelds and little houses, and it was pad
ale, paddle about the fields all day long.
with never an end to work. So when a
man came and said that he had heard
of Jou Sing's prettiness, and that she was
the very wife he wanted for a friend of
his in America, Jou Sing listened.
That was four years ago— four years
since Jou Sing said "good-by" to her
mother. The mother had looked upon the
whole matter from a practical standpoint,
and so after she called a last word to
Jou Sing she went back to the house, put
the stew over the fire to cook and gave
It a five minutes' stirring. But at the
end of the five minutes she dropped her
china spoon and ran out upon the glit
tering white road again and stood with
her long, lean hand shading narrowed
eyes. When she returned the stew was
burning.
Once In San Francisco. Jou Sing was
turned over to the "husband." She » was
never happy in his home. She had gone
through a form of marriage meant to
quiet her growing doubts, but the pleas
ures of San Francisco life were not what
ehe had fancied. All day she was
kept in the little upstairs room,
where fresh air and sunshine tried now
and then to sneak In, but always failed.
Sometimes a rat would poke his nose
over the door board, and she was afraid
of rats. They were not afraid of her and
they grew more numerous and more im
pudent, for Ho Kee. a neighbor, was al
ways spilling crumb 3 of his rice cake on
the stairs, as if to invite the rats In.
At last Jou Sing grew too unhappy to
hide her feelings. The man might be
wealthy, but what of that if she had no
advantage of his wealth? Once he had
taken her to the park on a Sunday after
noon, and then she fancied that her
dream of gayety was coming true, but he
never took her again. She became rebel
lious and begged, then demanded that
¦he be taken back to her home, which was
no duller than the American city, and
harbored no rats in its household.
One night she heard the man and a
friend talking in the hall.
"It will not do to keep her here." said
one. "She becomes restless and in time
her feeling will be discovered."
"She had better be sent away."
"Where?"
"To Marysville."
Less than a year after the time of land-
Ing in our port Jou Sing was taken to the
Chinatown in Marysville.
As a result of her unhappy life there,
trouble arose. She took no pains to con
ceal her misery, and her owner took no
pains to lessen it, for the Chinatown of
Marysville is a long way from any mis
sions, and therefore safe— or supposed to
be so. But the owner was mistaken in
this one case.
A Chinaman who was interested in the
mission work came to know Jou Sing and
her trouble. Finally he decided that he
would take the risk of helping her to
•scape.
He sent me word of the case. He asked
me if I would undertake the rescue of
Jou Sing provided he made all arrange
ments. I realized thai it would be dlifi
cult and dangerous at such a distance
from the home, but I could not refuse.
So I said "Yes."
He told the girl all about :ne and my
promise to save her. Together they laid
plans.,. She was to be ready on a certain
night' in December, when I would come to
the house. She would know me as the
white lady who would come to her door
and say, "Jou Sing!"
All this time I had taken it for granted
that the man would accompany me, oth
erwise I don't know whether I should ever
have had the courage to make my at
tempt. I bought my ticket and arranged
to leave in the afternoon. At the eleventh
hour he appeared and told me that I must
go alone.
"Why?" I asked.
"Because I have receiv-ed word from
friends that I am suspected and my life
would not be a day longer if I should
go with you to Marysville."
''But I can't go without you. I don't
know the house or the girl."
"You must go. She is expecting you to
night, and delay will mean failure. There
Is danger of our plans being discovered,
, and by another day poor Jou Sing may
: be spirited away." .
j ~I saw that there was no way out of It—
: I must go.
I "Tell me how to find her," I said.
So he diew a diagram of the house Rnd
gave me a careful description. On tha
main street of Chinatown I was to walk
to a large one-story house on the left side
—a house with a deep garden In front
and a wall about the garden. The,dia
gram showed the entrance of the house,
the ball and the room where Jou Sing
would be found.
Chief Lees gave me a letter of Introduc
tion to Mr. Maben, the marshal there.
After much trouble I found him—remem
ber that It was S o'clock at night and I
"was alone in a strange town. Mr. Maben
"was as kind as a man could be and stool
by me through all the struggles of that
terrible night.
In the first place, he told me that the
rescue ought not to, be attempted then,
for there was a shooting fray going on
among the Chinese and the quarter waa
already In a state of excitement. But I
was growing more fiercely determined Ht
every discouragement, nnd nothing would
turn me back. So T>lr. Maben and a lieu
tenant started out with me.
I had already engaged a room in this
hotel where I <-ould take Jou Sing, but I
couldn't help having my doubts about her
ever reaching it.
When we came to her owner's house
I knew it at once "from the description.
I led the way and the- officers followed
close behind.
I had a clear mental diagram of the
house plan. I entered without hesitation
and walked directly down the length of
the hall and opened the last door on the
right. A girl was sitting in the room,
surrounded by a' crowd of the. roughest
looking Chinamen I have ever seen! They
were loafing and smoking.' The owner^was
away.-' " : ¦ • ' . -. ¦''-' : ';¦•.' ¦.'.: ' ,'
"Jou Sins'-" I said. . .;• v". ,»'
The gtrl sprang lip* and rushed ipi me,
screaniing. ShY clutched myhanii/and
dragged me out of, the house. The offi
cers hurried along. with us and we es
caped without hindrance from the group
of dazed men. The real difficulties were
to come later. ,;
All the way. to the hotel Jou Sing ran
hard, dragging me after her. She cried
constantly that she was afraid of cap
ture and she beat her breast and shrieked
after the manner of Chinese women.
When we reached the room and the
door was locked she sank into a chair and
cried after the manner of all women.
If I had been satisfied all might have
none smoothly. But I did a foolish thing.
It came of my noticing that she was thin
ly clud. She told me by signs that she
had packed her clothes in a box ready
for traveling and had left them In the
room in the excitement of her escape.
Then I made my great mistake. I de
cided to go back for the box.
i Jou Sing v.as left at the hotel, and I
started out. The police advised me not to
try another trip to Chinatown; but 1 was
bent upon having the garments. The poor
girl was shivering for want of them, and
I feared that she might become seriously
ill. So Mr. Maben sent me off with a po
liceman.
H was late by this time and the streets
were deserted. We went straight to the
house and attempted to ener as before.
The door was locked.
The policeman knocked and shouted and
rattled the door, but no sound came Irom
within. At last I peeped through a corner
of the window where the curtain was
pushed aside, and saw a great, heavy
faced, crucl-cycd. Chinaman. We learned
afterward that he was the owner, who
had returned.
Then the policeman threatened, but
there was no response, so the door ha 2
to be broken in.
I went to the door of Jou's room and
found it locked. The owner followed, and
the policeman demanded the key. It was
refused, and thereupon came the dread
ful struggle.
There the three of us were, at the back
of a long hall, out of reach of help. I
stood by while those two men, the little,
wiry white one and the great, savage
yellotv one, fought like animals. At last
the Chinaman drew a revolver.
Then I was truly frightened, not so
much for myself as for the plucky little
officer whom I had brought into all this
trouble. I seized the Chinaman's arm
-and a frightful struggle ensued.
How we did It I don't know, but the
policeman and I managed to drag that
man to the front gate, and there a crowd
of Chinese gathered. The officer was de
termined by this time to arrest the man
and would not let him go; so I held one
of his long, strong arms— held It with all
my strength— while the policeman reached
for his whistle. He blew and blew, but
no help came.
. It was not until I induced two white
girls to run for help tluit the police knew
of our difficulty. While we waited for
them the struggle kept on, and every lit
tle while the mob pressed forward and
threatened us, but, halS afraid, they made
no attack.
Finally help came and the owner of Jou
Sing was sent to jail. We were safe for
the time, but he and his tongs were silent
ly cherishing a. grudge for the arrest that
grew greater for the cherishing.
For about two weeks after Jou Sing
and I reached the Mission Home in San
Francisco all was quiet. Then a China,
man who is a friend of ours sent me a
message, saying that the hostile men
were about to get out a warrant for the
girl's arrest on the ground. of petty lar
ceny.
The next morning our bell rang and 1
went to the door and saw through the
glass a Btrange Chinaman and a San Jose
constable. I knew then that the mes
sage had been true, so I flew upstairs and
bade our Interpreter hide Jou Sing. Then
I returned and ushered in the callers with
all. the- suave surprise I could muster.
For a long time I kept the constable at
bay. He- told me that he had a warrant
to arr**t on* of our fifth >nt a* be did
"It's jio use to put us off any longer.
Miss Cameron," hesaid. "You know and
I know that the girl we" want is here and
I shan't go back to San Jose without
her."
"Then I'll call to the schoolroom every
girl in the building and let this man iden
tify her if he can," I said.
So I rang for the girls and they flocked
in. Tall and short, fat and thin, pretty
and plain, all shaking with excitement.
The Chinaman looked them over and was
a disgusted man when he found no Jou
Sing. "We must "search the house," said
the constable, "We know she is here*
for a Chinaman says he saw her at tha
window this morning."
"Comb hair," said the Chinaman.
It was true enough. Foolish little Jou
had sat at an upstairs window that. very
day having her hair combed and plastered
and stuck full <jf gorgeous ornaments,
for there is a little lurking vanity in her
heart despite her hard life. Men must
have been watching the house all day.
When I found that the house was to ba
searched my only thought was how to get
Jou S?ng away. So, on the pretext of
sending for our lawyer, I induced the
constable to delay a little while, and in
the meantime I went about arranging her
escape. I gave directions to have her
dress in my mackintosh, hat and veil. Sha
was to slip out the side door and nurry
to a Powell street car.
When I thought that everything wa«
moving smoothly the interpreter cama to
me. "We can't get out of the side door
unseen." she whispered. "Every tlma we
start the men outside gather around tha
door to watch."
I was in despair. One way finally oo
curred to me; it lay through th« back
shed and by way of the church on the
next street.
So I shouldered an ax and went forth
to chop through the fence. When this
was done we got the girl through, hid her
under the shed and waited.
The house was searched. No room or
closet was left unopened. At last the twe
men went away; the one hissing Chinese
oaths at the whole mission system, the
other swearing in plain Knglish that ha
would never leave for San Jose without
the girl he was after.
As soon as they were gone I made for
the shed where Jou Sing was, and togeth
er we ran for a carriage I had ordered.
"Where?" asked the driver.
"Anywhere," I said; "only drive."
For an hour we drove about town, and
then we went to the home of an American
friend. She kept the girl a few days, and
when we thought all was safe we brought
her back.
On the 2d of January another constable
and another Chinaman came to the horn*
and -the searching was repeated. Dozens
of Chinese were hanging around the house
and calling in through the basement win
dows. * They were open, and most of tha
searching was going on in the- basement,
where our kitchen is. "Look behind that
barrel," one would shout in Chinese; and
another "Turn over that r box." All the
pantries, were turned topsy-turvy and
sticks were poked into the rice
bin and the tea canister was opened
and the pepper sprinkler was shaken, but
no Jou Sing. During all this three of the
little girls clung to me and. watched the
men "in open-mouthed terror, but uttered
no word,. although they knew the hiding
place as well as I; and the. cook went on
calmly stirring apple sauce as if the whole
household were not breathlessly /watch-
Ing the game of "warmer-colder."
The same week little Jou Sing was sent
to China. We smuggled her on board a
eteamer and she is now on her way back
to the stupid old rice fields which; per
haps, won't be so stupid now that she
has learned what the promised paradise
of America is not. I wonder if, when
she plods along the white, glittering: road
from Hongkong— l wonder will a yellow,
woman stand before a hut with lean hand
shading narrowed eyes while she watches
to see who is the girl plodding village
ward. ¦-¦.¦::"" ;
THE- STHSDAY CALL.
ON WHOSE
ACCOUNT
THE
RIVALTONGS
ARE
FIGHTING
,^>t have the name correctly I could'
truthfully tell him that no" such one waa
here. Finally he came abruptly- to his
point. . ¦
3me do it— l know how so well— l have'
pulled off these gloves from all sizes and
shapes of hands."
She squeezed the fatness of his hand a
little, undid the clasp and peeled off the
glove successfully, revealing a row o'
very dirty nails. I compared his hands
with those of the bride, which had been
quite decently scrubbed. They were re-i
and rouuh, but clean.
"Now, you may go in he.re and change
your costumes," said the directress. Hud
dling them off together into a curtained
corner. Thf-n she turned to me.
"They seem very happy, do they not?"
she said with an approving chuckle.
"Yes, very, but how In the world do
they manage It? I suppose they are pro
teges of your society beginning married
life without a sou. Will you tell me what
they expect to live on?"
"Oh, they will live in the same manner
in which they have been living," she said
with a French shrug of her shoulders.
"They have to live anyhow, and thej
That A^ a HSS s
/Harness
Fop the
V&y Poop PecpTe.
By Cjenevieve Green.
LKVKN wreatks and veils, eleven
j! — 0 white dresses, eleven boutonnler***
gleaming in eleven buttonholes. In
J 1 -0 Fhort. eleven blushing brides and
eleven happy grooms, all walking
up the aisle of St. Sulpice, where a sol
itary priest awaited at the al
tar—such Is the spectacle that
greeted an astonished saunteror In
Paris one day not long since. He after
ward referred to it as "bargain wedding
day." having gleaned from one of the at
tcr.dantp in the church that the marriages
were performed In this wholesale fashion
to save the expense of Individual cere
monies.
The next time I saw my friend, the
cbhe of St. Eulpice. I took occasion to in
terrogate him about this "marriage en
£TOS."
"Is It true that eleven couples were re
cently married at once In the church of Bt.
S'j'.pieo?" I asked him.'
"1 could not say positively about the
number." he answered, "but it Is not at
all improbable. It is nothing extraordin
ary to marry five or six couples in this
fashion, and sometimes there are as many
as twelve or fifteen. You know they ire
all the proteges of the St. Francais Regis
Society. Of course, you have heard >,t
th:^ Fo^iety. You haven't? Well, it 5s one
of the oldest and the mnpt approved char
itles In France, the object being to ar
range marriages for the poor, to pay the
expenses incidental to the ceremony and
even to find suitable husbands and wive^."
"What a queer idea." I exclaimed. "l:i
America to discourage the matrimonial
notion among people who could not afford
to pay tor the'oeremony I am fure would
be considered more worthy of commenda
tion."
"But the poor must marry as well as
the rich," paid the abbe ardently. "Indeed,
this society has not only a deep religious
and moral principle, but a patriotic one
a? well. France must be populated. We
must have citizens and soldiers, an!
whence will they come if not from the
poor? The rich do not by any means con
tribute their share to the population of
the country."
"But does this society contribute In any
way toward the support of the families
whi<-h it Is Instrumental In commencing?"
"I think not." Eaid the abbe. "I thi!:k
Its mission is accomplished when the w^d
fling day Is over. But If you are inter
ested in these particulars you mltrht visit
the office of the society, which is behind
Ft. Sulpiee. I am sure that the directress
will be glad to tell you all about It."
It was only a stone's throw, «=o I ran
Into the office, after saying good-by to
the abbe.
The directress, a portly, good-ratured
looking woman, a little of "la concierge"
type, was assisting a very happy looking
bride to remove her veil and orange b'os
poms. A pair of white gloves, that the
bride had evidently just taken off, was ly
ing on the table by the side of an arti
ficial bouquet. The bridegroom, beaming
in a manner equally contented and perer.e,
tugged at the clasp of a" white kid glove!
into which by some process Inexplicable
he had stuffed a huge fat hand.
"Prenez garde," said the directress.
turning from the orange blossoms and
catching the groom la his difficulty. "Let
paid, Besrdgs
Most
Sbitabte Matches-
mignt Just at well be together a« apart.
There was a depth of philosophy In her
remark that I hardly expected from on*
so buxom.
"But how about the additional re
sponsibilities — does your society occupy
Itself at all with the future of these fam
ilies ?"
"No, np\ at all. Our concern ends with
the wedding day. We buy the ring, pay
the priest and all of the municipal ex
pense, loan the wedding clothes where tha
parties desire it and provide the wedding
breakfast. After that our duty ends."
"And how are these marriage* brought
about— do you arrange them, or does each,
groom find hi* own bride?"
"They are brought about In both way*.
When an indigent couple wishes to ba
married they . present themselves and
state their case. Wa also undertake the
task of looking for husbands and wives.
For Instance a poor girl thinks that sh*
wouldillke to be a wife and a mother; w»
consider such a commendable aspiration
and try to find her a suitable husband.
We make a similar effort for young men
looking for wives. You know the society
Is composed of very influential people,
many of them supporting it from patrlotio
motives. The membership Is very largo
and we are nearly always successful ia
finding life companions for those who de
sire them. There la another work often
accomplished by the society which is
perhaps the most commendable of all. It
looks for cases where people are living to
gether Irregularly and persuades them if
possible to be properly married and to
legitimize their children. Such cases
among the poor are very numerous
In Paris, quite often their only ob
jection to a legal union being the exper.sa
connected therewith. Since its estab
lishment in 1526 the society has brought
about more than 75.0C0 marriages and haa
legitimized more than 60,ft00 children."
There was a stir In the corner and tha
bride and groom reappeared shorn of all
their finery. She. hattess and glovejess in,
a dingy, thin looking dress that made m«
shiver when I thought of the coll out
side;'he, in a greasy threadbare coat to
which he had transplanted a white chrys
anthemum that had glorified the wedding
outfit. The bride's artificial bouquet was
the property of the society and had to be
left behind with the wreath and veil and
the orange blossomj. Poor little bride!
Not even a violet to pin upon her faded
little gown. I felt like taking the chrys
anthemum and giving her the half of It.
for why shouldn't she begin this new ex
istence with Just as much of life's luxury
as he? But my Justice, I doubt not,
would have been more Solomonio than
gratifying.
"Cest tres Joie. nest cc pas ?' the groora
paid to- the directress, pointing proudly to
the chrysanthemum and explaining that
It was the gift of his wife. "Oui. I bought
it for quatre sous," said the bride, as If
apologizing for her extravagance.
She had bought the chrysanthemum
an( j he— well. I thqught that he might
have begged or stolen a flower for her.
"Bonne nor"- " said the directress cheer
ily, and out they went, smiling, happy, ra
diant—laughing when the glacial air of
the street struck them as If It were all a
joke.
Yet Paris was frozen from one end t<»
the other and earth and sky were bleak
and cold and tiismal!
Everything comes to him who waits-v
with the exception of
wealth.
SLANG IN THE OLD TESTAMENT
mere are many pictorial expressions in
cor.stanfc and every day use, and familiar
as household words, having their origin
In passages to be found in the matchless
English of the grand old "King James'
Version" of the Bible. One who did not
know might hesitate to believe that they
ere supported by such high authority, and
modern taste might be tempered even to
designate them as slang, but they are
really word picture*.
Nearly one-half o"f_ those here quoted,
with reference to chapter and verse, it
will be noticed are teken from the Psalms,
but David, the sweet singer, was what we
•would now call a familiar poet:
I have 6tuck unto my testimonies. O
Lord, put me not to shame.— Ps. cxix:3l.
The!r heart is as fat as grease, but I
delight In thy law.— Ps., cxix:7o.
I have escaped with the ekin of my
teeth.— Job x!x:2o.
I may tell all my bones: they look and
stare upon me.— Ps. xxl!:17.
Spreading himself like a green bay tree.
—Pp. xxxvii:2s.
Is his mercy clean gone forever?— Ps.
lxxvii:S.
The words of his mouth were smoother
than even butter, but war was In his
heart.— Pb. iv:2l.
His enemies shall lick the dust.-^Ps.
lxxii:9.
They reel to and fro and stagger like a
drunken man, and are at their wit's end.
Ps. cvii:27.
He that is surety for a stranger shall
smart for it.— Prov. xl:15.
Tyre, the crowning city, whose mer
chants are princes.— ls. xxlii:S. .
The Lord of hosts shall make unto' all
people a feast of fat things, a feast of
wines on the lees.— ls. xxv:6.
The nations are as a drop of the bucket
and are counted as the email dust of the
balance.— ls. xl:15.
As If a wheel had been In the midst of a
wheel. (A wheel within a wheel).—Ezek
lel z:10.
THE CHURCH OF ST. SULP3CE ON "BARGAIN WEDDING DAY."
apparently as brilliant now, after th»
lapse of over 4000 years, as when first laid
on. In front of this temple ara seated
four still larger human figures, two of
them being sixty-five feet In height—pre
sumed to represent Rameses th© Great,
more frequently termed Sesostrla. whos«
marvelous military exploits are depicted
In drawings and paintings on the- tempi*
walls. Reproductions of two of thesa
colossal figures en the scale of the orig
inal, and also a fac simile on a small
scale of the temp!e Itself, were made for
exhibition in the Crystal Palace In Syden
ham, England.
THE SUTSDAY CALL.
•.•Seizing the Forward Seat In Its Jaws It Ground and Twisted the **>«• Pfn« ••
4
A CROCODILE HUNT
By Professor Charles f. Jiolder.
Author of "Tbe Ivory King." "Marvels of Aniroal Life." Etc
IT If not generally known that we have
In this country a crocodile." said
a cocoanut planter of the Blscayne
country. "I lived In Florida, near the
Miami, for months before I knew it.
f met the Seminoles from up the swamp
?very now and then, and when I asked
'or game they always referred to what
hey called the 'sharp-nosed 'gator/
vhlch, I supposed, was the common alli
rator. One day, however, I came across
in Indian who had the skull of one of
hese fharp-nosed 'gators for sale. I
nought It ar.d was at once struck with the
Mfferer.ce between it and that of the alll
rator. One was pointed, with sharp teeth;
he other flat and round-nosed, with blunt,
-rushJr.g teeth. Here, unsuspected— at
east by the majority of white people, I
Jiscovered — was as perfect a crocodile
is could be found on the Nile, and I de
.ermlned to capture one If possible.
"Alligators were fairly common and It
vas difficult to distinguish them from the
rrocodiles; but I learned that the croc
odiles were found near the mouths of
<t reams, in salt water, and that the alli
gators were more at home upstream,
this time a party of friends from
*Cew York came down to my plantation,
0 we organized a hunt and for several
iays ecoured the little bays and Inclosed
irt as of the coast; went up the rivers and
rawled into the swamps, but never saw
1 large crocodile. We were, in fact,
luntlnr for a giant described by the In
lians.as twenty or twenty-one feet long
hat had been Bt-en and shot at a score of
Imw. but no one had ever bit it. It was
eported as taking to the rivers In win-
- .-• t
ter and being- fcph way up In the swamp,
poing down to salt water. In Mimmer.
"This monster was fully pictured In our
imaginations. We could see his big head,
his enormous mouth, the corrugated back
in every submerged log or alligator. But
days flipped by and he failed to material
ize. One day I took the party out on to
the reef a mile from shore to spear turtle
or any game that might come along, and
the main subject of our conversation was
our poor luck with crocodiles. While
we were talking my man suddenly
stopped rowing and pointed to the reef.
As I turned In that direction a long tail
was lifted out of the water, coming down
with a powerful splash; and then a lor.g,
allijrator-like body became visible and im
mediately disappeared, causing a "mall
wake to follow as It moved away.
' " 'Crocodile.' said the man.
" 'What? Out here? Nonsense, man: 1 ex
claimed one of my companions.
•' 'You saw it, sir?' said the man. turn-
Ing to me. 'No shark rould look like that.
It was either a crocodile or an alligator,
and I never heard of an alligator coming
out to sea,'
"It was an easy question to settle and
the boat was turned In the direction of
the animal, the man in the bow taking
out the harpoon— a three-pronged affair—
and examining it to see if the rope was
attached. The boat was rowed slowly,
the men making as little noise as possible,
the location of the animal now being In
dicated by a swirl of water not seventy
f*-el away. Whatever It was. It was evi
dently feeding in the shallow water. Not
a word was said as the boat slowly drifted
up; the harpooncr stood erect and ready,
when suddenly, fifteen feet from the boat,
up came the broad, corrugated back of a
huge crocodile, and the next moment a
sharp-pointed muzzle protruded from the
water, having in its jaws a ray, which
it tossed from side to side, endeavoring to
tear the wide body asunder.
"It was a crocodile, there was no doubt
4n our minds; and so busily engaged was
it that it did not see the boat until it
had covered live or six feet more. Then
the harpoon r leaned back, and, as the
big head turned, he threw the iron.
" 'Well struck I' cried some one. as the
iron hit the animal, trembling as it kept
its place. Then the great tail came hiss
ing out of the water, struck the slender
mast (the man dropping into the bottom
of the boat) and broke it off as cleverly
as though it had been done with a knife.
" "Look out for the line! Jump to wind
'ard. Stern all hands!' were the orders
that followed, as. in those few seconds,
the crocodile had mado a desperate rush,
jerked the boat so rapidly to one side
that she almost tipped over, and was now
ay. ~y like a race horse, headed for the
mainland, with an omlnou3 wave in front
that threatened now and then to come
aboard and swamp the light craft. We
all laid low, as far in the stern as we
could get, to keep the bow out of water
while the steed raced on.
"I knew we would have to stop this be
fore we reached shallow water, as the ani
mal would make a rush over some shallow
and break the rope; so when we had gone
perhaps half a mile I took the line; passed
it aft and we all began to haul in. This
only excited our racer to more fervent
efforts, and he turned suddenly, again
almost tipping over the boat. We
gradually gained on him until final
ly the boat's bow was .^S?li
over his sla^hinp tail
that was beating jOF& r F r^'~ "' ' ' ' x
the surface wltb jfifgjl&pii&z .--.• ¦'- '~L«J*&x
clnpr him along. We had a rifle in the
boat and my man now took it, and,
aiming: at the nock, fired. There was
little doubt as to its effect, as the croco
dile stepped, plunger! hea.» down, striking
the bottom in the shallow water, and
seemingly standing on its head, swept the
surface with its tail like a whale. We had
the^oars rea^y and backed, but not before
one had been struc^ and broken and the
boat nearly filled.
"All at once," continued the planter
after a short pauso. "our game righted
and plunged aht-ad savagely, then swam
in a circle, and finally keeled over, where
upon we raised a shout of triumph and
hauled alongside. He was a beauty— not
twenty feet long, by any means, but at
least fifteen; a splendid specimen of a
sea-going crocodile. As he was too large
to tow in it was decided to haul him
aboard. To accomplish this the seats
were lifted out and a rope made fast to
his tail, and he was then slowly and care
fully hauled In; finally, when the body
was balanced across the boat he was
slung around and dropped in lengthwise.
The seats were then put on top of the
body, and, flushed with victory, we started
for camp, now in sight.
"It was rather difficult to use the oars,
as the animal was higher than the gun
wale, but we made fairly satisfactory
progress and were close enough to camp
to shout the news, when the unexpected
happened— an earthquake would not have
created greater consternation. The dead
crocodile rose into the air as if impelled
from below, forming a great hoop and
lifting seats and oarsmen several feet,
then dropped back and began a series
of struggles that turned the* tables
completely. Seizing the forward >J
seat in its jaws it ground and
twisted the soft pine, while
the powerful tail car- j^Jsijts;
riod devastation '¦'-'¦' : m&s'
"truck r-___r^'".r -___ r^'". ...¦•-. , j*B
er.tly the water poured in, sending us all
overboard. I jumped just ahead of the
flying tail that sounded like a whiplash
when it struck, the other men either fall
ing or rolling overboard.
"Fortunately the water was not over
throe feet in depth, so we waded to a safe
distance, and, powerless to do anything,
awaited the end. It soon came. The
crocodile cleared tne docks, literally, re
gained its upright position and crawled
over, sinking the beat, which rolled and
{lumped him into his natural element,
when with a rush he was off. As the
boat moved away we flung ourselves after
her. clinging to the rail; and for a short
distance the saurian towed us all. But
the boat, full of water, was too much for
a long tow, and he soon quieted down and
began to swim in a circle while we towed
the boat in shore. We finally reached
near enough to get a rope, which we
fastened to the boat and to a tree. Then
we held a council of war.
•'The crocodile was at the bottom. In a
little pool about four feet deep, still lash
ing his tail and rising at any attempt to
drag him up, but the rope was still about
his tail, and, after much difficulty, was
secured and made fast' to another rope;
then at the word the entire party walked
away, dragging the fighting, thor
oughly enraged animal up .
the beach, where a rifle '
bullet really gave ;
him his quie-
tus. Som« jf*s^^ : ' : *~ <J - J^lP
thought the animal had been paralyzed
at the first shot and suddenly came to;
but an old alligator hunter told me later
that that crocodile had been playing 'pos
sum."
Pasadena, Cal.
Wonderful Old Ruins,
The oldest ruins in the world are prob
ably the rock-cut temples at Ipsambul, or
Abousambul". In Nubia, on the left bank of
the Nile. The largest temple contains
fourteen apartments, hewn out of solid
rock. The first and largest of these is
fifty-seven feet long and fifty-two feet
broad and is supported by two rows of
massive square pillarfe, four. ln each row.
am* thirty feet high: To each of these
pillars is attached a standing co
lossus, or human figure, of
bn o r moti3 proportions*
WHOLESALE MATRIMONY"Insulting? Where's the insult?" demanded the doc
tor's father and uncle. "Where is it?"
Mr. O'Reilly knew very well what he meant, but the
fierce challenge for- the moment had left him unready
fo explain.
"Where's the insult, I say?" repeated Murray senior.
"Oh. 'tisn't always in words that an insult or slur is
cast. There's looks — "
"An' you'd put manings to a man's looks an' hang
him for 'em? An insult in a man's looks? O'Reilly, I
know the signification an' maning of this. 'Tis" jeal
ousy, mane, vicious jealousy, because your bpsthoon of
a son failed in college, an' my son, Dr. Murray here,
came out in a blaze of glory — "
"Father!" expostulated the doctor, rather shame
facedly and in an annoyed low tone.'
"Yes," shouted the elder Murray, "because my son
has Latin an' Greek enough to spare to supply three
parishes like Innisdoyle, because he has learning suffi
cient to land him wherever his fancy would aim — from
the dispensary of his native town to the highest coort
in Europe! — an' your awlawn of an ignoramus hasn't
a word to throw to a dog — "
Mr. O'Reilly was white and speechless with passion,
and it was painful to Hally to witness the condition to
which he was reduced. Besides, all this talk about
Greek and Latin was really a tacit insult to himself, who
had had no college and little other educational advan
tages, and yet who was able, he considered, to "take his
own part" as well as most people. •
"The highest coort in Europe!" he cried derisively.
"I think I-sec his father's son bringing in a dose of
salts-an'-senna on a tray to her Majesty the Queen, or
dancing with the Duke of Devonshire's daughter!
Shoo! the, flat-footed, common cauboguc, the son of
seven generations of common caubogues up to their
knees in mud till Patsy, senior, trudged into town and
bought a public-house, and made, against every predic
tion an' every tradition, a doctor of his son — a 'silk
purse out of a sow's ear.' I'm stating plain facts,
aren't I, Cyprus Collins?" winking at some of the farmer
guardians, who burst into laughter. ' ? r : ¦'. , _ r ,
: Cyprus,. notwithstanding the almost .overpowering
headed." yet his efforts'in the direction of tranquillity
were often invaluable to the board.
"Ah," he said now, "listen to me, neighbors. What's
the use of spending the time we intended to give to'the
terribly urgent question of the town's water. supply in
; raking up old sores?"
'"But what does he mean?" roared Hally, "by throw
ing the doings of my connections at me and my 'tribe'?
Am I responsible for the behavior of my wife's people?
Am 1, as the Scripture says, my wife's brother's keeper,
an' if he was convicted of embezzlement and forgery,
and so forth, is my character smcrched by it? I'll have
the heart's blood "of the one that'll say anything of the
sort! Because I married (to my misfortune) into a
Collins' connection (your own second-an'-third cousins,
Cyprus, remember that when you. slap. their history at
me!) is that a, r'ason, why every Collins in Munster
should own mc x an' my. reputation? Collins, stand out
here, if you're a man!".
"An' if he does Stand-out he'll have one to back him."
cried Mr. Fox, a rural guardian. . "Not through love #
of the Collinses, mind you, for I despise their seed.'
breed and generation, but because, low as they are. I
consider 'em misfortunate entirely in ..having joined,
themselves with the Hattys! \ There's such a hole as the
deepest depths of degradation, an' there's where the
Collinses landed when they got in with Hally an* his
lot. An' for. that, r'ason I'll back poor . Cyprus -up
against the gang that pulled him into the .-mud en
tirely!" .. \• ~ # . - :
Cyprus, looking anything but grateful for this cham- 1
pionship, was plainly about to-say something stinginar
in reply when Mr. O'Dell nervously cleared his throat.
"There'll be blue murder in a minute; we'll all get en-/
tangled in the row if 'tisn'tput a stop to." he-s aid to
himself. /'Well, don't" be talking!" he cried, breaking
into laughter, apropos, of nothing at all, . apparently—
"'tis a queer world!" # .
The others looked at him. with, impatient contempt.
This unmeaning interruption" of an interesting quarrel
annoyed them intensely. '•¦¦¦ ¦
"I was reading last night," -O'Dell went. on. "about
Sir Boyle Roche and the timethe French invasion was
expected on "the" coast here. 'Mr. Sp'aker,':say3.he in %
Parliament, 'we're in great danger,. for one, of.' the very
first things the",' French _will do .will: be to, burst in upon
us here .and after, hacking.ahd . murdering^, us, maybe
throw our bl*edinor heads upon that table to stare 'us in
the face!'"; ;•.•. •. -.- ¦¦-.¦... 1 V ;,....,..
THERE was great consternation in Innisdoyle.
Typhoid fever had broken out in Church lane,
and the doctors attributed it to the bad quality
of the drinking water. For ages the people had
gone to the town pump, whose supply had never
been known to fail. The water was dcliciously cool in
the hottest weather and no crystal ever sparkled more
rjearly. But in these days of all sorts of disquieting
knowledge the glittering clearness, taken in connection
»"ith the well's position at the foot of the churchyard
fciope, put an idea into the head of young Dr. Murray
(who was on the lookout for ideas), and he quietly sent
a sealed bottle of the water to the Government Analyst
in Dublin, who found it "teeming" with Horrifying and
"most dangerous" growths. Dr. Patsy scored a great
triumph with his letter on the subject to Cyprus Col
lins, the chairman of the Board of Guardians, who was
a nervous man an "abstainer." If the very water
failed one. what on earth was to be done? The towns
people were deeply impressed: the typhoid outbreak
which the Dublin analyst bore out Patsy in tracing to
the water supply was a serious thing. More than once
when the fever had made its appearance in Innisdoyle
:t had gained such ground that six months had not seen
the end of it, and business of every kind had been par
aiyped. It would never do to tolerate the old bad order
of things that led to these epidemics. The pump mu<t
be done away with and a regular water works con
structed in connection with a wholesome out-of-town
veil or lough.
The country people, less alive to the monetary los?,
took it more calmly. They were incurious about ihe
"growths" found by the analyst- — believing vaguely that
they were "something in the nature of water-flays or
things of that kind." and could not conceive how such
trifles could be hurtful. Of course if the flays were
"sizeable" enough to be visible to the naked eye. then,
perhaps, the matter might be worthy of attention, for
anybody could understand that a number of these intro
duced into the human digestive apparatus might prove
disagreeable tenants. But things that it took strong
glasses (they were not sure whether it was glasses oi
whisky or "telescopes ') to discover — it was a shame,
nothing else, for grown men, heads of families, to be
wasting time over. There was always some fright or
ether up with them sanitary schamers in Dublin. If it
wasn't the manure pit at the farmer's door — the most
useful and harmless bit of property in the possession of
ihe cultivator of the soil — or some bother about white
washing the house inside as well as out. it was sure to
be some trouble about milk-vessels or the water supply.
But of course the idle awlawns had to be doing some
thing or pretending ioAo it— stirring up some kind of
»n alarm, at any rate, in order to make an excuse for
drawing their big salaries. And still, on the other
hand, it could not be denied that the fever was a visi
tation that could very well be spared, and if by any
chance there was some connection between itself and
the water (the most unlikely things were possible),
't'Aas as well to let the affair be talked over and under
stood, so far as there was any understanding to be had
in the case. Every one was pleased, therefore, when it
was decided that the question would be fully discussed
by the board on its next meeting day.
The affair awoke much interest among the "intelli
gent" people of that end of the county, and all the local
papers sent their reporters to the meeting. Not a guar
dian was absent. Each man felt that now or never was
an opportunity for figuring before his section of the
ratepayers as a man of sense and energy, and that, pump
or waterworks, he would prove himself to be the right
c:an in the right place.
Dr. Murray read his statement in a way that excited
the admiration of his father and uncle to the highest
pitch. Here was a doctor of their own — a Murray! —
laying down life and death to Innisdoyle. They looked
around as the splendid Latin and polysyllablcd Eng
lish rolled on in a superb flood, and it was this look.
implying so much superiority and pride, when Patsy
sat down after the reading, bedewed with the sweat of
r.ob'e effort, that first turned the current of the meet
ing's thoughts.
"A — him! the Murray*! The devil can't stand 'em
after this." whispered Mr. O'Reilly to his brother-in
law. Hally, of the drapery-shop.
"Upon my soul, 'tis too offensive for endurance."
the latter replied. "I never saw such a raally undelicate
exhibition of vulgar vanity and consatc. But what
could you expect from the like of 'cm — ignorant bost
hoons!"
"Well, gentlemen," said the chairman, heavily, for the
recital of the list of germs found in the pump water, and
the description of wells issuing from near the boun
daries of old graveyards, had made him very weak in
teriorly, "this is a terrible sarious subject and one that,
however revolting to the natural stomach of men, > we
are yet bound to discuss in the interests of the rate
payers of this Union—"
"Of the people at large, Mr. Chairman." corrected
Dr. Patsy, with a kind of tolerant but superior smile,
"the danger is by no means confined to the ratepayers."
"II— m! Well now that's what I call a superflewous
remark entirely," said Mr. O'Reilly. "I'd even be in
clined to call it slightly insulting to the chairman—"
Segt a- Sealed Bottle of the Water to trje GoverQrneQt Arjalyst,
; -Wfoo Found It Teeming With Dangerous Growths.
' THE SUNDAY CALL.
Collins that tells me so? I'm a liar and on the verge cf
bankruptcy, and I had to borrow my daughter's for
tune from the usurers because the banks would have
nothing to do with me—"
"Faith, that's exactly what's going the rounds, 1 * said
Charley Green, a rural guardian, in a tone whose satis
faction was hardly decently veiled.
"Upon my soul you are mighty jubilant ov«r it," cried
Hally, a sulphurous glare of suspicion flashing across
his inflamed countenance.
['Gentlemen! gentlemen!" implored Mr. O'DelL
,', s equa l to a * mane a turn as any man in the
room, ' spoke up Mr. Dermody, "an' I ought to know
V' J°-" n - Charley Green's next neighbor, to my grief.
Judging from many an ugly specimen of his conduct
as well as his behavior this moment, I wouldn't be will
ing to swear that he hadn't a hand in the trouble when
the investigation about my contracts and Tom Shan
non s. ordered by the Local Government Board in
answer to the anonymous letters — "
"I trust to goodness." cried Mr. Shannon, another
rural guardian, a man who had grown morose through
the failure of early expectations and of much effort in
the direction of Glasnevin-taught farming. "I trust to
goodness the fellow had no hand in the scandalizing of
me. If he had (and I'll find out, for I've a nose for
an enemy once I'm put on the track!) woe betide him!
I'll reap up his history — keep your evil eye off of me.
Green! — I'll reap it up for the public. I'll not leave a
leg under him — "
•"Gentlemen! gentlemen!" besought Mr. O'Dell.
"Shannon!" screamed Green, "listen to this much.
Can you take an unperjured oath that you're not the
villain that's doing a good heap of the slandering an'
vilification that's going around, yourself? With my
own cars I heard you passing remarks about Mr.
O'Dell an' his people and about honest John Fox, your
neighbor, there, that Christian charity, if 'twa3 nothing
else, ought to have kept you from. Put that in your
pipe now and smoke it!"
The looks of new-born distrust and recoiling with
which the others regarded him seemed to paralyze
Shannon. But he knew, none better, what a word of
suspicion at the meetings could do, and so he pulled
himself together.
"Wasn't it yourself, you melted villain of a hypo
crite," he yelled, "wasn't it you an' Dermody's father
in-law that* began all the talk about the O'Dells?"
A strained look took possession of O'Dell's face.
"Oh my! oh my!" he groaned, "and is this the vny
the boy we treated so kindly serves us? To make our
troubles a subject for his grandfather and Green, the
two notorious gossipers. to make us common prop
erty — belled about the country," and weak teara filled
his eves.
"But why did he draw me down as a speculation for
his poisonous tongue? " shrieked Mr. Fox. "Now I
know who ruined my prospects last Shrove. He un
derstood well that I was in treaty with the Rourkcs for
Bidalia an' that's why he spread the report that my
uncle was a schoolmaster in the County Kerry — I that
hadn't a school taicher in my family since Adam was a
boy. Was it," he cried frantically, "that you wanted
to get in with the Rourkes yourself, you with that ouM
servant-maid for a grandmother?"
"If she was a servant girl." cried Mr. Hennesiy.
who had not hitherto taken. part in the discussion, but
who, having married a person of the kind alluded to,
considered himself grossly insulted now as well nj
Shannon, "if she was a servant-girl, she was at the
same time as good a father an' mother's daughter aa
any other man's wife in the parish. As good? I
wouldn't compare her the same day — a managing,
smart, well-handled woman — with the sthreeis in ha!:
the houses that don't "know tlie difference between a
piece of a horse an' mutton, an' wouldn't be able to
put a dacent meaL of vittles before any one, to save
their lives." /
"Oh we all know why you're spaking up for the
servant-i*irls," said Fox. "You're' a "valuable advo
cate of theirs under the circumstances, upon my soul!
Was it likely?" he cried, harking back to the subject
that Hehnessy had interrupted, "that a fellow would be
taken up by the Rourkes. high-stepping, solid people,
and he having, as I say. the ould servant-maid for -\
grandmother an' Curls. Shannon, the plundering, slimy
attorney, for a grandfather? Where's all the money
an' property he robbed the people of — the fine houses
an' lands? Is there one of his name and blood in pos
session of ten pounds' worth of 'em to-day? It all
went like the froth of the river, as the Lord himself
says ill-gotten goods will be sure to go — "
"You have the tongue of a venomous serpent — you're
nothing but venom to the core," said Mr. Shannon,
with a panting effort to restrain himself. "I believe,
¦myself, that the very worms will die that will fatten on
your poisonous clay!"
Things were looking dangerous, as they well cc»uM
be. when the clerk happily made a diversion by remark
ing that it was 7 o'clock and that the kyloes had just
passed by. That exciting little bit of news, for they
were nearly all men Who did a bit of horse-dealini;
when opportunity offered, put for the present all
thoughts of the hostilities out of their heads, and the
meeting was closed abruptly.
"But." said the clerk to the hurrying chairman, "tha
water works matter, you know. What about it?"
"Man-alive, is it keeping me talking yotrd be and
them ponies ready to be snapped up by the buyers be
low, an' all these fellows running race 3 to grab 'em
from each other and from me — !"
"But 'tis a serious case — the fever is gaining ground.
and 'twill be a whole week before another meeting: of
the board will be held — "
"Yerrah l'avc off an' let me go about my busine?*.
Water works matter inagh? There's plenty of time to
be talking of that."
"Yes. yes, sure enough. Mr. Collins." said the clerk,
soothingly, "plenty of time, plenty of time! Every
thing. as. the man remarked,, comes to those who wair.
There's nothing like sleeping on a thine: — taking it
aisy — taking time to it— plenty of time! We'll have the
water works and home rule and even-thing 'rich anrl
Tare' all in good time— in the year, maybe, when, 'bo
crows begin to sing!"
5
WATER
WORKS
feeling of nausea induced by the thought of all the bac
teria-infested water he had consumed during the long
period of his teetotalism, had yet enough comprehen
sion of what was poing on around him to be galled by
the laughter and the question, and the jeering allusions
to young Murray, on whom his eye had .been set for
his daughter Mary Ann for some time past.
"If you were telling plain facts," he said sourly. "I'd
be glad of it, for 'twould surely be time for you to be
getting acquainted with the truth. But the truth -an'
you are as far from each other as yourself an' raal da
cency, or, for the matter o\ that, respectability an' any
of your tribe! There's what I call 'plain facts' for you."
Mr. O'Dell saw. that there was a bad row in- pros
pect. : He was a peace-loving guardian.' and although
th~e others considered him rather. "slack" and "pigeon-
O'Dell chuckled, convulsively and the rest regarded
him with disgust and scorn. What was the bird-wittcd
fellow laughing and choking about? What was there
to laugh' at in his story, anyway?
"I hate foolish interruptions like I hate poison," cried
Hally, whose. very vitals yearned for a renewal of the
Collins hostilities. The. truth was that ever since the
marriage of Hally's daughter with' the great County
Clare half-sir (a thousand pounds, Hally had boasted,
had been her. portion) there had been talk in Innis
doyle that secretly helped to blight the proud father's
triumph in that grand event. Rumors, of a remarkably
malignant nature — that he -Hally,: had borrowed the
"fortune" at 12 per cent and would never be able to pay
half the interest, to say nothing of the principal, that
the Clareman, who was fastidious, although his father
was only a pawnbroker, had drawn out of the match
more than once, and had finally been sbcured only in
consideration of an additional hundred pounds in the
form of a couple! of I O U's signed by Hally's well-off
relations — these and many other things of the kind had
been "given out" at various wakes, weddings, funerals
and other socialevents. : One by one, as the ugly chick
ens came to .Hally's to roost.. the marks and tokens _on
them were examined closely in the hope of discovering
the hatchers of the foul. brood. Rightly or otherwise,
Mrs. Hally blamed among others yMrs. Cyprus, who
was certainly a copious and ever-ready talker with the
sharpness of one who had. been a little belated in her
efforts to settle some daughters of her own. The burn
ing sense of injury in Hally burst out lava-like.
"So I'm a liar, am I?" he 'roared, "and 'tis CyprusTHE SUNDAY .CALX.
the Coast Range, Of these forests, orig
inally 80,000,000 of acres In extent, but 15,
030 000 remain In their virgin Btate after
thirty years of cutting. About 600,000
acres a year, therefore, seem to have dis
appeared under the combined aggressions
of the woodman's ax and the devouring
fire.
Of the ¦empervirens only about 1,400,000
acres now exist, and this, it is estimated,
oontains not more than 47,000,000,000 feet bf
lumber. Not all of the timber in the above
estimate stands In accessible situations.
One acre of redwood will cut from 30,000
to 60/500 feet. Single trees have cut as
much as 80,000 feet of first-class lumber,
and on Russian" River one operator cut
14,000,000 feet from 160 acres of land. This,
howerer, was undoubtedly one of the best
Quarter-sections In the entire forest.
Care must be exercised In the selection
ci a -proper tree to fell, else, as It "has
often occurred, when It Is upon the
ground. It may be found so defective that
it will not make even second-class lum
ber. Certain trees, for unexplained rea
sons, have a creased fashion of growing.
Instead of the trunk being a sound, uni
form body. It will be found to have great
longitudinal fissures In It. extending near
ly through to the heart. Theee may num
ber a dozen or more, breaking into the
rings with crevasses two or three inches
apart, the Bpace being filled with bWk.
So thick Is the coating of bark upon the
tree that until it is cut down this defect,
though It may be suspected, is not dis
cernible. These trees are also often rot
ten at the core, which, of course, in
creases their nnavallability. 80 it may
occur that one walking over an area from
which the woodmen have taken all they
desire may find standing trees of large
size which, it would seem, would make
excellent lumber. And surprise may be
expressed that the cutters passed them
by. They have all been examined and
condemned, however, and condemnation
in the forest is to allow a tree to remain
standing. It is the work of two men for
from six hours to two days to cut down
a redwood tree and the cost is from $5
to $12. 80 mistakes In judging the quality
of timber In a standing- tree are to be
avoided.
It is a most Interesting sight to behold
one of these* forest giants fall. The pro
cess of cutting is effected both through
the use of the ax and the saw. All axes
are double-faced, through which much
time is naved In sharpening. Sometimes
the axes start the cut. on both sides of
the trunk and at places about opposite
each other through the thickness of the
tree. After the chopping has penetrated
.to a depth of about two feet on -aeh side
th saw is then started in the line of the
incision and the job completed with that
Instrument. Generally, however, the di
rection upon which the tree is to fall Is
determined and a cut is made In- that
side to the depth of from one to three
feet. Then the choppers pass to the op
posite side and begin sawing at a point
several feet higher than the place of tho
incision. As the saw moves through the
heart of the giant he begins to sag dewn
on the side where the wound is gaping.
In dofng this he lifts apart the cut and
opens the section which the saw is mak
ing, thereby keeping free play for ;he
saw. This is aided at times by driving
wedges at the place where the saw en
tered. Presently it is apparent that the
kind of pitying sense comes over you, as
though you had been witness to a tragedy.
The prone monster seems to be some vast
animal, which, after a stout resistance,
had Buccumbed, and whose body Is now
stretched before you for its final spolia
tion." This sense is all the more pro
nounced as you observe the choppers
quickly run over tho trunk with their
axes and cut away all the branches, each
limb going like a veritable amputation.
The great torso which emitted such sound
and displayed such motion a moment ago
Is now low and helpless, giving scarcely a
whimper as its parts are struck from it.
Almost before you can recover, yourself
the long ptalk is bare of limbs, and then
the men begin crosscuttlng it into logs, or
sections, of from twenty-four to thirty
feet, as long as It is desired that the
boards Into which it is to be reduced at
the mill shall be. This done, the logs are
peeled of their bark, the crowbar being
used to pry off the thick lnteeumen. which
is sometimes a foot in depth, the log be
ing turned with jackscrews, when such
!s practicable, to get at the under side.
This done, the next problem is one of
transportation. To drag the behemoth
out of his native abode and get him to a
pen or place where he can be sliced into
thin, pieces and made as portable and as
utterly beyond identification as meat in a
butcher shop in this is the next aim. The
donkey engine, which contains a winze
for the winding up of rope, , is brpught
into proximity, and a great system
of tackles are arranged, . whereby the
logs are drawn into line. The great tree
which we saw fall had been so cut up,
and Morgan Backus caught with his
camera the chu-chuing donkey engine Just
when it had braced itself with a vast
process of ropes to draw the logs in posi
tion for a down slope movement. It was
then that a bevy of beeves seized the fore
most log with a big chain and started on
a 1a 1 downhill haul. The procession was pre
ceded by a Chinese water bearer yoked
to two buckets, who dashed water on the
ground over which the logs were to pass.
A road had been constructed along the
mountain side for just this kind of use.
and the purpose of this wetting was to
make the road slippery so the logs would
easily slide.
The oxen moved on a slow, quiet gait,
and in a few minutes they were' at the
foot of the hill, where a little engine at
the head of a long train of trucks was
backed upon a track ready to receive the
severed remains of the fallen Titan.
The shrieks and screams of this locomo
tive resounding through the forest is one
of the most startling features of the en
tire situation, and frightens alike stranger
men and stranger animals. It has often
occurred that following a blast of the
whistle violent crashing sounds have been
heard close by. which rapidly recede and
finally cease; they testify the presence of
some bear that had wandered close to the
logging scene and had taken alarm at the
whistle; while such tender animals as deer
and hares, animals with long ears, which
maenily sound, whose safety lies in their
discerning danger from a distance, have
been stricken dumb by the sudden yell of
a whistle reverberating through the grove
with a worse than thunder detonation.
The cars clank out bearing their burden
of logs, like a long funeral cortege mov
ing to some place of interment. They
proceed to a mill standing beyond a
broad lake into which, the logs are
dumped.
It is necessary that prior to working
through the mill the logs should become
soaked. Wet redwood cuts on the saws
like cheese, but when It is dry it is tough
and hard to handle. We saw the men
In the pond direct a big log to the skids
and the mass slowly rise thereon to
ward the carriage of a saw; in a moment
two whirling disks, one revolving: from
above, the other below, had bit into the
leg with their savage teeth and were
rapidly slicing from its side a convened
slab; this was repeated on all sides until
the log was squared, after which it was
run to a bandsaw and cut into boards.
These were taken to an edger. which is
a series of circular saws operating upon
the plane of a table, spaced at definite
distances ap-rt, which cuts a slab of the
leg to the width of boards desired and
where the beards are trimmed. Follow
ing this, if it is desired to smooth one or
both sides of the planks, they go to the
planers, where rapidly their snagcy coax
is removed and a perfectly spllnterless
and almost polished surface Is imparted
to them.
Away they go then to the trucks and
on to the ocean's verge, where on a
bit of headland and in a bight of the
coast there is spread a platform with a
hoist on supports. Beside this, when
the surf permitted, schooners would
come to load; and they would take on
board the lumber of the mill and with
it rock on down to San Francisco. Thl«
bit of mechanism was the last incident
in the long story of the tree from Its
stump •by its forest Blade to the fin
ished article now bounding on down the
coast to its ultimate utilization. As I
saw the vessel lift her sails and bend
away my mind recurred to that forest
sweep and to the part over which tho
men with their axes, their engines, oxen
and trucks had passed and left aban
doned. Only the blanched ghosts of a
few young trees, intermingled with a
sprinkling of healthy withes, contrasting
with ruins of stately spires, remained;
it was a wild expanse, desolate and drear;
the wind moaned through it, and the sun
struck his tierce rays everywhere
throughout its area: would it come again
to grow tall and noble trees, fringin th«
heavens with their feathers, brushing It
with their plumes? It was hard to think
to. yet tho forest may revive and restore
itself; surely now from this tract lt»
glory was departed, and tha great plants
¦which embraced the winds with their
thousand arms were now fallen and
gone, ripped into planks or chopped into
shingles, carried away an their place
would kn ,w them no more. It was a
lonely contemplation, and as wo turned
to the train that night and rolled out
of the region of forests, we could not
but feel that the time might even como
when all that there would b* left t»
show for the once royal woodlands of
California, where now the giant swathes
his crest in the fires of the rising sun
and bathes his feet in the noonday shade—
1 hat all there would be left of his habi
tation and his home would be the few
ashy spikes and the little sprouts, the
castellated ruins ar.d the rotting stumps
wnich had assailed us as the finished
product of the choppers and the wreck
of the reuwood forest.
JOHN' E. BE.VN'ETT.
An oM Dutch lady at the Cape has lost
three husbands, ar.d is iust going to mar
ry a fourth. When she was being con
gratulated on the happy event the other
day. she said. depTecatingly: *'Oh. tha
iveddtngra are \ ery well, but what I ob
ject to are the funerals."
Picturesque Scenes Among California Redvccdx
QaT.Foprva
has *he
only
redwood
m the
WhoTg
WovTd
/""¦y HALL. I point out to you the largest
\^v tree in the world? It was discov
yj ered recently by a party of loggers
1/ in the county of Tulure. far up
X among the headwaters of the Ka
weah River. Its Eltuation is inac
cessible to the despoiling axman. and it
will stand there eternally, the proudest
kins of the vegetable kingdom. Vast gla
cier-ribbed peaks surround It, and by Us
roots foam the rqshing waters of the Alp
ine snows. The 'tree is over 400 feet in
height, and up on its trunk as high as a
man can reach it measures 160 feet in cir
cumference. It Is a Sequoia gigantea, or
one of the Sierra redwoods.
There are two species of the redwood
and two forests of them in California—
hence on the globe. The gigantea lives
among the majestic sugar and yellow
pines which clothe with their coniferous
foliage the steeps of tha Elerra Kevadas,
while the tempervlrena laves in the salty
fogs which sweep along the north coast
of California and upon the west Elope of
About 500,000
aceS
of these
s£§rp to
dfsapp3aPTi"i3
each' yea?
section is opening wider and. wider and
that the tree 13 beginning to lean away •
from the cutters. They continue with
their work a moment longer,' then Is
heard the cracking of the wood fibers in
front of the saw teeth. Another swish of
the saw and these increase. They give
a report like firine pistols and the rapidity
of detonation of a gatling gun. The
sounds, getting ever rapid, presen.' y
merge into a continuous roa>. Then, if
you are standing near by and the tree is
large, ybu will get the impression ihat
everything above is coming to earth; that
the whole forest is falling. The great
mast starts slowly to topple, cracking and
exploding ever louder at Its base, until
with a fearful momentum it comes
sprawling down, cracking and crashing
and roaring and hitting the earth with
a clump and thump as if • whole broad
aide of 13-inch bombs bad simultaneously
struck a bastion.
Prostrate, then, lies tb» forest giant. A
VaTUabTg
sp^es
oF Wood
ScadUaTTy
bscornrri2
JT Jree in Juiare County Js Over 4-00 feet Jiigh and
Measures 160 feet in Circumference.
Largest in the World.
IN A CALIFORNIA
LOGCCINC CAMPTHE SUNDAY OALIi.
7
AT
THE
THEATRESTHIS MAN HAS A ROBBER TONGUE
SCIENCE has enabled a man to
go through life with an arti
ficial nose and limbs that often,
defy detection, but -one of the
most novel inventions of modern
surgery is a tongue mads of rubber
and resting on a pivot set between
the teeth. There is a man in this
city who can show this wonderful
mechanism and who feels very happy
becausa he has it.
This man is Georga Henderson.
He is 47 years old and for many years
had been an inveterate smoker, often
using fifteen cigars a day. Excessive
use of tobacco caused a cancer of the
tongue, and the organ had to be re
moved. This operation was most dif
ficult and was performed in Bcllevue
Hospital last February.
It was necessary to saw through
the lower jaw at the center and re
move two lower front teeth, together
with a portion of the jawbone on
either side of these teeth. When
this was done the surgeons removed
two-thirds of the anterior part of the
tongue, leaving only the base of the
organ. The severed ends of the jaw
were united with wire.
Henderson then left the hospital,
the' surgeons giving him little hope
of ever being able to eat solid food.
The base of the tongue healed in a
few weeks, but in spite of the care
with which the surgeons adjusted the
wire about' the two sides of the jaw
the bone would not unite. The sides
of the jaw began to move unevenly
and the tissue to inflame.
Mr. Henderson. finally went to the
New York College of Dentistry,
where Dr. Frederick Bradley took
charge of his case. He sawed
through the jaw again and adjusted
its sides evenly, bringing them in as
close impact as possible. A metal
cap was placed over all of the lower
teeth and held in position by a clamp
on either side of the mouth fastened
under the chin. After the patient
had worn this for five weeks it was
removed, and it was found that the
severed parts of the jaw had united.
Henderson was still unable to eat
solid food, because he had no tongue
to pass it back into the oesophagus.
To overcome this difficulty the sur
geon constructed an artificial tongue.
A rim of gold was made to fit the
inner surface of the lower teeth.
This was beveled off toward the
lower edge and attached to a wire
clasp which fitted over one of the
back teeth on either side. A bar of
German silver was fastened across
the mouth from one of the back teeth
to another opposite. This was in^
closed in a tube of the same metal of
sufficient size to permit it to rotate
easily on the bar. A tongue of red
vulcanized rubber was made to fit
about the tube. The rear of the rub
ber tongue was beveled off toward
the bottom and placed under the base
chant vessels Is too potent an instrument
of warfare to be readily given up. The
cruiser of the modern navy is the natural
successor of the old privateer.
In this volume the author has added a
new and most Important chapter to his
tory. c.D. Aptleton &. Co., New York,
X 5J.)
• • •
It was a happy thought which led tn th«
publication of the "Beacon liiographies."
Mary a reader has the desire to become
acquainted with the sai'.i-nt facts in the
career of Americans who have exerted an
Influence on the course of our national his
tory, but lacks lime and Inclination to fol
low them into the details of their lives.
The biography mad-- up of letters to and
trom its subject,, of extracts irom eiiaries
and speeche:--. necessarily loses something
of the unity of a biography Written from
the point of \iew of a tingle author. It
is a means by which a reader can make
a biography lor himself. Only men of ex
ceptionally interesting personal qualities
des< rye to command trom general readers
BO rnu^*h attention as is required for such
a process. Of course, profesied students
of history cannot e-asily be dnunted by a
superabundance of biographical detail.
But for these who desire to know only the
nature and the general results of a pub
lic man's work In the world little books
are be.-U. The volumes of the Beacon ser
ies are about as long as the longer arti
cles in an encyclopedia. They will slip
into a eidepocket without disarranging the
set of a coat. And they can Oe read
through with the closest attention in an
hour and a half at most.
The subjects of the biographies are
cho;-en without any apparent ssjstematic
design further than to provide brief lives
ol any eminent American ot whom such
a life would Interest the public. Haw
thorne and Lowell, John lirown and
Frederick Douglass, Webster, Burr,
Paine, Lee, Farragut and Phillips Brooks
are the subjects of lives already issued.
The volumes which liave been examined
by the present reviewer— the life of Haw
thorne, by Mrs. Annie Fields; of John
Brown, by Joseph Edgar Chamberlln, and
of Frederick Douglass, by Charles W.
Chcsnutt— are all simply, almost conver
sationally, written, accurate certainly in
regard 10 main facts, and moderate in
tone. Only Mr. Cbesnutt attempts any
very decided appreciation of the subject
of his work, the facts in the other books
being left to speak for themselves. Per
haps it is for this reason that Air. Ches
nuit's book is the most Interesting of the
three. This book and the "Life of John
Brown" alford profitable matter for com
parison. On the whole, the lesson of the
two seems to be that suffering violence
did more for the opposition to slavery
than doing violence. It would seem to
be a serious omission in a life of John
Brown to omit entirely a mention of the
fact that several of those most efficient
In colonizing Kansas with opponents of
slavery and in supporting the colonists
there maintained that Brown's violence
Injured their cause far more than it
helped it.
The lives of Brown and Douglass have
present interest and importance because
of the continuation under new forms of
the old evil. The horrible lyncltngs in
the South. Governor Tanner's lawless ac
tions in Illinois, even more Inexcusable
than the lynchings. and the practical re
fusal to negroes everywhere of a fair
chow In free competition with the supe
rior race, must make a nlan with an in
stinct for Justice welcome any instruction
¦
Illustrations From "A History of American _ Privateers," by Edgar Stsnton Maclay, A.M.
which the anti-slavery agitation may give
the present. Old Father Time is a good
man and will do much, but he needs a
helping hand. (Small, Maynard & Co.,
Boston; 75 cents each.)
• • •
In "Echoes of Greek Idyls." a book cf
paraphrases from Bion, Moschus and
Bacchylldcs, Lloyd Mifliin has returned to
the sonnet. To those who were charmed
by the opulence and the easy mastery of
the sonnet form In Mr. Mifflin's first book
this return brings new pleasure. But it
brings no surprise. In his sonnets Mr.
Mifliin was successful. He had writttn
the largest body of sonnet verse sine?
Wordsworth. "A glorious imagination."
was Richard Henry Stoddard's comment
upon the nev. f poet. Mr. Hopkins in Cur
rent Literature, and critics elsewhere,
conferred on him .the sonnet laureateshlp.
vacant since the death of Rossetti. en-
rolling him In the long list of those who
have made of the English sonnet th*
noblest and the most perfect, but the most
exacting, form in literature. In Mr. Mif
flin's second book, "The. Slopes of Iloii
con," he failed to make as deep an im
pression as in his first book. The rea-cn
is obvious, for although the sonnets wrre
of a piece with those In the first bock,
the lyrics lacked spontaneity. Although
the book was favorably mentioned, Lofh
in this country and In England, it was the
Judgment of those interested that the
poet had added nothing to his reputation.
His strength and his keen feeling for art
fit him for the sonnet— his return to it
was predetermined.
Technically the sonnets of "Echoes of
Greek Idyls" are superior to those of Sir.
Mifflin's earlier volumes. Alliteration is
not so obtrusive, and the delight in color
and sound, which to the taste of some
readers seemed to approach the barbaric,
has been refined. As sonnets these
poems are, eminently successful; but as
translations, the sonnets demand compar
ison with the originals. It is, of course,
impossible to reproduce in another lan
guage a real piece of literature, AH the
subtile, associational force of words which
gives it individuality must be lost. Lloyd
Mifflin, in giving us first of all good Eng
lish literature, infusing into his work as
much of the spirit of the Greek idyl as
may be. has chosen the only tolerable al
ternative to literal prose translation.
There is one respect, however, leaving
all subtler considerations, in which the
work before me differs noticeably from
the original. This difference will appear
even by comparison with a literal prose
version.
Notice this beautiful sonnet, a para
phrase from Bion, the fourth of the se
ries, from "The Lament for Adonis" t
"Sorrow her sacred beauty now doth slay;
Her cup of grief Is filled unto the brim;
And Cypris' loveliness is growing dim,
Which, while Adonis lived, knew no
decay.
'Woe, woe for Cyprisl' all the mountains
say.
While all the oaks from every ancient
limb
Make solemn answer. 'Woe, ah, wo*
for him!'
And mourning fills the groves and glooms
the day.
The murmurous rivers purling in th«
vale
Moan for lorn Aphrodite as they go.
And weeping, too, are all the mountain
wells.
The flowers In anguish red and redder
grow.
While Cytherea through the upland
dells '
Shrills on the listening air her piteous
wa11.".-.'.. "- ¦
Compare with this a prose translation,
almost literal, by Andrew Lang:
"Fair was the form of Cypris while
Adonis was living,* but her beauty has
died with Adonis. 'Woe, woe for Cypris!*
the mountains are saying, and the oak
trees answer 'Woe for Adonis!' The riv
ers bewail the sorrows of Aphrodite, and
the wells are weeping Adonis on the
mountains. The flowers flush red for an
guish, and Cytherea through all the
mountain-knees, through every dell doth
shrill the piteous dirge: 'Woe, woe for
Cytherea! He hath perished, the lovely
Adonis!' and Echo cries in answer 'He
hath perished, the lovely Adonis!' "
In both sonnet and prose translation the
same objects are named: there is in both
the same oscillation from Venus of the
many names to Adonis, and from Adonis
to Venus. By the movement of his verse
the .writer of the sonnet has even ob
tained the effect of the echo in the origi
nal. But they differ in tills; in the prose
translation as In the- Greek, everything—
the mountain passes, the oak trees, the
rlvars and; px*. mountain wells-la some
Odd Superstitions.
Of all the unaccountable superstitions
that prevail, the most unaccountable,
perhaps, are those that relate to bees.
Throughout the north of England. hz\<\
especially in rural York-hire, the be'le*
Is firm that bees always know in advance
when misfortune will befall their owners.
"Whenever, therefore, they hum in a cer
tain low disconsolate fashion, tf\e owner
of the hive, if a true northerner, has
never a doubt that disaster is at
hand for him or his. If there be Illness
in a house, in the Yorkshire Dale 3, an
anxious watch is always kept oa the
hives. One by one the members of the
family will creep down the garden to scs
what the bees are doing. If they are
found to be at work as usual, quietly
gathering honey, it is heid to be a s'.gii
that the patient will recover; but if they
are buzzing around in a slate of unrest,
then it 13 known that there is danger, and
weeping and wailing begin at once. I!
they seem Inclined to desert their hive
that is the worst sign of all, tha sign
that there is no hope for recovery. If in
that part of the world the owner of a
beehive dies, some member of his family
always goes oft at once to tell the bees.
The messenger kneels down by the side
of the hive and whispers tn at the door:
"John Metcalf"— or whatever the person's
name may be— "John Metcalf is dead, and
I am come to tell the bees." He — or more
often it is she— repeats the words three
times, and then hastens back to tha
house: for a piece of crape must be found
and tied to the top of the hive before sub
set. If the bees are not told of the death
of their owner, with due ceremony, too.
or if their badge of mourning b» not
hoisted at the proper time, they will all
die within a month — so at least the Dales
folk and their northern kith and kin be
lieve firmly.
There are some superstitions that are
fairly universal, as, for instance, that oJ
the death tick. In England, France.
Germany and Austria— possibly other
countries, too— whenever that little tick
ing is heard, the ticking as of a watch
In the distance, women, and men. too,
sometimes, look at one another with fear
in their eyes and wonder whose doom It
Is that is being sounded. Then sailors of
all nations pin their faith to corpse can
dles, as they call the St. Elmo lights that
play around the ma3ts of ships In. stormy
weather. Any one on whom a candia
lights they regard as a man marked out
for drowning; and If the candles rua
down on the deck, the ship, too, they lock
on as doomed — doomed never again to en
ter harbor. The superstition with regard
to magpies is also one that seems to pre
vail throughout Europe, and always !n
precisely the same form; north, jouth, east
and west the peasants believe that it Is
unlucky to see one magpie, lucky to s«e
two; that to see three means a wedding,
and to see four a birth.
On the other hand, many of these popu
lar beliefl are peculiar to some special
district. For Instance, in East Anglia
and apparently nowhere else an odd su
perstition prevails with regard to slip
pers. There no prudent mother would
ever think of allowing her daughter to
work a pair of slippers for any youns
man whom she wishes her to marry, and,
above all. not for one to whom she 13
engaged. For it Is a saying that "He who
Is given slippers slips away." There is
much ' the same feeling with regard to
giving or receiving scissors or knives, as
such presents are popularly supposed to
be used by the fates as intruments where
with to sever the ties between true lov
ers and friends. Not to very lonsr aeo
an Kast Anglian farmer's wife, a pra"t - ;
cal. common sense woman enough <n
many respects, burst Into tears when h»r
husband brought home from the mark-;
a black sheep; for black sheep, she main
tained, between her sobs, always brir «
with them bad luck. There, too. and al.s*
in Canada, for a cow to lose its cud U
regarded as a sign of coming misfortune
In some parts of England, strange to say*
robins are regarded as harbingers of woe'
If "keening" be heard in KiUarr.ey th 4
natives believe that there is sore troubia
at hand for the district, nay. perhaps f.ir
all Ireland. For "keening" is the sound—
a sort of low. piteous wailing of the w.-d
—the dead are supposed to utter wh^i
mourning over the fate of the livin- Vi
that part of the world people think twie^
nay. thrice before going out when tha
moon is shining, as they are afraid le^t if
they do. they may fall in with the fair i'el
The peasants there almost all bellevo iii
the existence of falrle3. and no matter ?«Vr
Borely they may be in need ot "»'"*
field, nothing would induce them to taka
possession of a Danish fort. For the L>a«
lsh forts-certain patches of common lard
-are supposed to belong to the taWsa
'£ &£ SSSSBKSSSBS &£
IN "A History of American Privateers'*
K. S. Maclay has d*>alt with a prac
tice now a i an end. The record of
murb t1.2Ll he recounts, already dif
ficult to obtain, would comparatively
soon ha*, o been lo;-t irrecoverably if
It Kid Tint been collected by his diligence.
How great that diligence must have been
Is very Plain to the reader of his narra
tive. Mr. Maclay says in the preface of
the work: "In writing nis history of the
United States navy the author had the
official reports and other reliable records
on which to base his work, but In at
tcmpiirß a history of American privateers
h*> found himself entirely cut off from
this s. ;,<? lia.^l*. and was dependent on the
fragmentary and scattered records which
are i'j be found in the periodicals of that
day n:id in the private letters:, logs and
tra&tktns that have been preservtd by
the descendants of our privateersmen.
Thes'i valuable records have been scat
tered all over the United States, and had
It rot been for the generous co-operation
of th»- v- r>i>ir. bavins them in their pos
session tr.is work never could have !>een
given In its present complete form. 1 " To
how n.ueh energy, tact and patent per
sistence the-se words bear witness Is
is known only to those who have had to
depend em any enterprise upon the co
operation of a large number of corre
spondents. The papes «<r the book give
Silent but impressive testimony to the
labor of the author. Merely to find cut
th* name's t>X the treat number of prl
\uteers mentioned was ;i v.ork of no
tr:!;;!ig magnitude, and the gathering of
details In regard to their service must in
any eases have »>een a very tedious and
CUSeult ta:-'K.' A single paragraph, giving
the history of an obscure vessel, its name
and place, the dates of its adventures, the
Dames and value of its captures, may
easily have cost several weeks of research
amonx wd papers, in which the informa
tion sought v.as buried under a mass <;f
Irrelevant details, or may have required
:i corn tjmndente cf some length with
persces who sent everything bu: the one
thins desired.
"The importance of the subject is shown
convincingly by the statistics presented
a::d by quotations from the English pa
pers during the wars in which the United
States w< re engaged with Great Britain.
During the Revolutionary War the reg
ular naval force fell from over thirty ves
f-rls U> seven, while the number of priva
teers grew from seventy to 45'J— falling off,
it Is true, to a little over SW in the last
>car of the war. In other words, the
number eif privateers, never less than two
or three times as great as of Government
vessels, was for a while tifty times as
great, with an armament almost In the
Fame proportion. The records show that
th»- effectiveness of the private compared
with that of the Government force was
about In the ratio of four to one. The
work of these maritime forces has been
unduly subordinated in common estima
tion t<» th*» achievements of the Revolu
tionary army. The historian calls atten
tion to the capture by men-of-war and
privateers of a large number of British
eoldicrs and states that in the period dur-
Ire which Washington took a thousand
' mrr. at Trenton, Gates eight thousand at
Saratoga and the French and Americans
s-pven thousand at Yorktown the sea
forces look fully sixteen thousand prison
ers.
The Importance of the prJvateer3 during
The war of isir was even mere striking.
Th* 1 number of privateers v.as twenty
times? as great as that of Government ves
sels, ««rrviiig f u ur times as many guns,
and capturing four times as many prizes.
•nhilo the entire sea force captured thirty
thousand prisoners, as against cix thou
sand captured on land.
"A careful review of British newspapers,
periodicals, speeches in Parliament and*
r-!)lic addresses for the periods covered
by these two wars will show that our lan-1
forces, in the estimation of the British.
r!ay. d a very itrtignificant part, while our
!-<-a forces were constantly in their minds
whr n 'the American war' was under dis
cuszloti. When England determined 10
coerce the refractory Americans the little
thought the was inviting danger to her
own doory. Her -dea of an American war
was a somewhat expensive transportation
of German mercenaries across the At
lantic, where the dispute would be settled
in a wilderness far removed from any pos-
BibJe « hance of interference with Briti.-ih
Interests In other parts of the world. Th 3
British merchant looked forward to the
war with no small degree of complacency,
for. in spite of the provisions of the navi
gation acts, which were designed especial
ly to protect him from colonial competi
tion, lie keenly felt American rivalry for
the carrying trade of the world. It would
cost several million pounds annually to
f=rnd Hessians to America; but this would
1"t more than offset by the British mer
chant securing the colonist's share o*
commerce.
"This was the view generally taken by
Kr.glishmen before hostilities began. But
hn^ they anticipated that American
cruisers and privateers would cross the
Atlantic and throw their coasts into roi*.
tinual alarm: that their shipping, even in
thrir own harbors, would be in danger;
that it would be unsafe for peers of the
realm to remain at their country ?otit<?:
that British commerce would be almost
annihilated; that 38.000 seamen and Bfr)
Vessels would be taken from them, they
would have entered upon a coercive policy
with far grcatr r hesitancy. Without her
fhirs and sailors England would to re
<3u^rd to one of the least of the Kuropean
r<*wor?-. and while she could afford to' lore
« !>w thousand Hessians, the loss cf bcr
maritime ascendency touched her to the
cuick. It was this attack on England's
commerce that struck the mortal blows to
British supremacy in America— not Sar.i
l^ca nor Yorklown."
Tl'*>se assertions are supported by cita
tions from English newspapers, letters
ewi speeches and at the same time curi
ous evidence of the impression produced
on the mind of the British public by
American naval success. The most strik
ing of all the facts brought out in these
documents is that the very waters of
England itself ceased to b« safe, the linen
flert sailing from Ireland to England
under convoy, and the British Channel
V-Ing the cruising ground of several au-
Caricus privateers.
The narrative of Mr. Maclay"s history
consists in the main of the account of
the careers of individual ships, often in
pretty full detail. The reckless audacity
the Ingenuity, the persistence against
odns apparently overwhelming, and the
success of the privateersmen raises the
reader's wonder and excites admiration
rot always touched with r<\<-p»ct. In spfte
of the risks t>f privateering and the occa
sional brave lights of privateers with men
of «rar. thp sordid object ot the business
and the courage against merchantmen
followed by flight before war vessels
make a privateer's life seem Ignoble, a
reader is not surprised to learn that old
, Piivateersmcn lost their fitness for regu
lar and useful occupations in time of
peace. The whole effect or the book is
to cause satisfaction that a system so
liable to abuse is at an end.
Mr. Maclay brings against privateering
a number of objections from the point of
view of the student of organized mari
time warfare. These objections are that
there is no concert possible In the activ
ity of privateers, that privateers may
embarrass the regular navy In its work.
find that privateers are not efficient
Rgainst the war vessels of the enemy. A
privateer, for example, would never de
liberately seek an action with a prepon
derant force, courting destruction in order
to cripple the enemy. Yet though priva
teering is so plainly condemned, the nar
rative of Mr. Maclay leads naturally to
the inference that the destruction of an
energy's commerce by the seizure of mer-
way stands out distinct. In the sonnet
they are subordinated to the prevailing
mood, and only the last picture stands out
in classic distinctness. The difference
here Is due to the sonnet form, which by
its intertwining rhymes and Its structural
compactness weaves the part Into the
whole. The difference is more not.ceable
in the quatrain following the- sonnet quot
ed. Here, however, it is not due to the
nonnet form; and here, too, hy the way.
there appears the accent of Shakespeare a
wnnets. something seldom noticed in
Mlfflln.
"For when she saw the wound of Afioa
bleed-
When she who loved him knew that ne
had died.
With her the hardest heart had
mourned and sighed.
The end deploring of that bloody deed.*
Following 1 Is Lang's translation:
"When she saw, when she marked the
unstaunched wound of Adonis, when she
paw the bright red blood about his languid
thigh, she cast her arm 3 übrcad aad
¦wept."
Here Lloyd Mlfflln reflects; Blon sees.
In this contrast appears much of the
difference between the Greok mind and
the modern. Blon. with all hi 3 exuber
ance of fancy and his senttmentalism. Is
of the classic temper; Lloyd Mlfflln,
with all his love for beauty, is modern.
In his eonnets from Moschus Mr. M!l-
Cln seems to me to come closer In spirit
to the original. Moschus is more pensive
than Bion. His pictures are leas sharpty
outlined and hence less purely classic
On the paraphrases from Bion I am not
&ble to comment further than that they
please with their vigorous action and that
sometimes they approach the stately bal
ance of the rhetorical poets.
Mr. Mlfflln's poems are beautiful. ar<s
•re far more than the echoes the author
names them. They have In them tha per
sonality of the author. It Is their m'3
fortune, not their fault, that they wlii
reach, for the most part, readers famlUar
wlth Blon and Moschus. who will refuse
to let the sonnets stand on their own
merits. This disadvantage they share with
most translations. Few translators have
had the eood fortune enjoyed by Fits
Gerald In dealing with Omar Khayyam—
a practically unknown original. And
without this rood fortune no translator
jets full justice. C. K. BIXKLEY.
(Hougbton, Miffln & Co.. Boston;.
.
BooKs Received
"Two Children of the Foothills." by
Elizabeth Harrison. Sigma Publisher* 1
Company. St. Louis. Mo.
"The Knl-shts of the Cross." by Henryk
Sienkiewlcz. author of "Quo Vadls." LJt
tle. Brown & Co., Boston, Mass.
"The Memory of Past Births." by
Charles Johnston. M. R. A. S. Th<> Meta
physical Publishing: Company, 455 Fifth
avenue. New York. 25 cents.
"Woman. Church arwl Stat«," by Ma
tilda Joslyn Oage. The Truth Seeker
Company, 2S I^afayttts place. New York.
75 cents.
"Jack Crews." by Martha Fry© Bogips.
G. W. Dlllingham. 119 and 121 West Twen
ty-third street. New York.
WITH THE LITERARY LIGHTS OF THE BOOK WORLD
By Professor /f. B- Aathrop
of Stanford University.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
George Henderson.
of the real/tongue, so that the least
movement of the muscles pressed
down on the rubber, throwing the
tongue up.
Henderson is now able to talk as
distinctly and freely as he ever did
«nd eats with ease and freedom.reveled only in the dreams of Ital
ian skies or Alpine steeps and re
fused to hear the public's oft re
peated question, "Why not inv
mortalise nature at home?"
It is a problem that one and all
Representative flptfsts De
cTsre the TTnne H a s Now
Conne when Nature ts to
Be TimirioptaTTzed at noire
is worthy of perpetuation."
"I like the water front," say*
Chris Jorgensen, "because it tetmM
zvith interesting subjects. Tin eld
lumber scows, the tugboats, fA#
deep, rich shadows and the rning*
ling of fog and smoke, appeal to md
as nothing else can."
William Keith prefers the "Ala*
meda Oaks.'* "Not because of them
particular beauty, for I simply tiss
nature as a concentrator and in*
tercet my witi feelings upon thi
rMA T FRAXCISCO is the
V^_y tnost picturesque spot on
earth, declare her repre
sentative artists. But time was,
and not so long ago either, when
these same masters of tlte brush
canvas, but the oaks of Alameds
are my most satisfactory models."
"Give me the western sea wall
of San Francisco," says R. D m
Yelland. "There you feel lift,
sound and color."
C. Chapel Judson is also fond oft
the shore line and finds nothing so
interesting as the rocks at "Land't
hud.
H. R. Bloomer has a penchant
for old huts on North Beach.
Theodore Wores spent five yeart
in the Orient and returned to San
Francisco to find a perfect garden
of Oriental bloom right here in our,
Chinatown. "If you wish, to study
the Orient . locate in San Fran
cisco," Mr. Worcs advises.
Hcnrx Raschen and L. P. Lati-
mcr delight in the subjects of Gold*
en Gate Park and say. "God has
mixed a palette of colors on our
great shore by the west sea unsur
passed in variety of torn tlst+
whtrj".
have refused to discuss until, sati
ated with the scenes of foreign
lands, they have returned to say,
"San Fraticisco will becotne the
twentieth century art center of the
ivorld." Why? Because nature
has offered with a prodigal hand
mountain and sea together; sand
dunes, Chinatown, and the bay,
and, most of all and above all, the
true sentiment of this city's mys
terious charm — the fog. "It is a
benediction of light and color" that
poet and artist have tried to ex
press.
"San Francisco has never been
painted," declares Arthur F.
Mathews. "The high lifting fog,
the unity of atmosphere, the bigness
of it, can be equaled nowhere on
earth.
"If Fisherman's zi'harf were
placed in Venice painters from
every nation zvould make it a spe
cial study. Fisherman's wharf with
its background o£ Ttlsgraph Hill
Sems of Art Contributed by Local Painters
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9What F. R,. Woolseu. M. D.. of the University of California,
thinks of Boatimg as Compared With football.
O CIENTJFIC FOOTBALL, so
O called, is rapidly becoming the
favorite collegiate and academic
sport of to-day, while rowing is
popular only among a few of our
ilder colleges.
Past experience with that of to
day has demonstrated without a
doubt that football should be in
dulged in only by those who are so
traiiwd and physically adapted.
Rowing is open to all — the weak
est and the strongest. TJic invalid
can here find a sport readily adapt
ed to his very want.
The physical training adapted
for the tzvo is partially along the
same lines. For football the
strength to endure physical exertion
of the extreme type and most vio
lent form, both on the offensive and
defensive, is demanded. This vio
lent exertion is not gradually at
tained, but is a sudden burst of,
energy cither on the offensive or de
fensive. If on the offensive the
strength is taxed to its limit, while
on the defensive that limit is too
often passed and zve have a phy
sically overpowered and overtaxed
condition.
Here it is that the Undeveloped
muscles are overcome and the evil
results of such rapidly follow.
The training for rowing is upon
a more uniform basis. The mus
cles are here gradually developed to
attain a rhythmic motion and by this
means are brought to a more nearly
perfect condition. The defensive
pozvers arc not colled into play and
the forced defense of football, which
too often breaks bones, severs the
attachments of ligaments, etc., is an
[unknown quantity.
The physical injuries received at
rowing are as nothing as corn
pa) cd with football.
The dusty or perhaps muddy
gridiron upon which tzventy or
more men almost continually form
a wriggling mass is not conducive
to the best respiratory conditions,
while the course over which a race
is rowed is a tonic of itself.
F. R. WOOLSEY, M.D.
President Wheeler Considers Rowing the Ideal University Sport
and finest Type of physical Co-operation.
E> OWING is good sport. In
-*••- the first place it keeps the
men on the water generally, in
healthful surroundings. It sub
jects them to definite discipline,
whether that of the coach, or of the
captain who sits in the boat. It re
quires the finest . type of physical
co-operation. This co-operation
goes even beyond that required in
football. A good crew is not a
body of oarsmen working together ,
but is a perfect machine, in which
every part fits into its place noise
lessly and without jar. A good
coach zvill not spend much time in
training individual oarsmen after
the first few weeks of training have
passed. He will spend his time in
Hatching the action and movement
of the boat as a zvlwle, and if any
thing goes wrong with that, will try
to find out where the difficulty is.
Risk o£ strain or injury under
proper training is relatively small,
the tasks exacted are regular, be-
I7: S apportioned evenly according to
time and days. A student is not
obliged to neglect his university
zi-ork in order to participate in rozv
ing. The competitive events are
generally appointed for sonic time
outside the college term. All these
reasons combine to make rozving
one of the best, if not the very best,
tmvversity sport.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
WILL ROWING SUPERSEDE FOOTBALL
IN CALIFORNIA
THTC advent of Professor Benjamin
Ide Wheeler into the presidency of
the University of California precip
itates an interest in, collegiate and •
intercollegiate boating which nas
not been manifest since ISO 2. Presi
dent Wheeler Is an old Yale oarsman and
a recognized authority upon the technique
of rowing and the general features of the
pport. While at Cornell he was as far a
spirit of the racing events as was com
mensurate with his office of professor, and
his published views upon phases of the
eport and past contests aided not a little
In guiding the opposing teams In the re
fined and scientific principles of the art.
It is from this standpoint that the pro
fessor is an enthusiast upon the pastime.
He likes it because it is a healthful, ~pir
lted exercise, calling into play all the •
muscles of the body, developing the phy-
Fique to the highest possible standard. It
Is a cleanly exerc!se, unlike football,
which is really a dirty game, with the
players half the time sprawling in the
dust, and it is safe for one to pursue.
There is no danger of broken necks, arms
or legs, as in football; moreover of mashed
fingers and clubbed thumbs, as in bu>e
bail. It is a sport in which all the exor
cise of skill possible to the other two
games may be employ ed. where brain iind
brawn must needs unite in the attainment
of excellence; and besides all this, it is
beautiful sport in the rxcrcise. What Is
prettier than a varnished shell pulled by
eight muscular men in steady, long-sway
ing stroke, shooting through tho water
with swift, synchronous impulses?
President Wheeler does not oppose the
othc-r sports, only he enthuses upon the
subject of rowing, and his discovery that
there were no contests with shells fce
twecn Berkeley and Stanford and that col
lfgiatc racing had never been taken up In
California made him feel that there was
a great dearth and lack In the wholj
realm of college athletics in the State.
"Berkeley has already produced a crew
and a regular organization able to make
contests," said the president recently,
"and the difficulty Is to get an opposing
crew to race. Of course, our men look
to a college team, and the source from
which they naturally expect a challenge
is from Stanford. This is as it should he.
College spirit should be kept up by the
universities with the help of each other.
When r addressed the Stanford students
recently I appealed to them to form a
boating club, select their crew, train
them and challenge Berkeley. I am sure
that boating could be made as popular
here and take as high a place among
sports and entertainment as it hoids
among the large colleges of the East.
The Yale, Harvard, Cornell and Pennsyl
vania regattas are great affairs and com
mand the attention and admiration of
thousands of people outside the colleges.
In these races sport Is exemplified In Its
highest phase, and the struggle Is watched
with as keen delight by the spectators as
is felt by the contesting crews. There
Is no reason why, with the great bay and
its many estuaries within ready reach of
both colleges, regattas should not be held
every summer, and they would certainly
be features of the season."
The crew and club to which President
Wheeler referred is the boating club of
the Berkeley University, which has come
to feel a new life since President Wheel
er arrived. It was organized In 1592 by
Jewett Morrow, the Impulse which im
pelled its organization being . the great
intercollegiate boa trace which took place
at Chicago during the World's Fair.
Berkeley's design was to race Stanford,
to go to Chicago and beat the California
crew on the lake. The Stanford lads
were then full of the idea of having a
club and crew, and a subscription was
taken up. from which a considerable sum
of money was raised to purchase equip
ment, to which fund Senator Stanford
was 'a principal contributor. The Stan
ford affair, however, never got fairly
under way. the zeal of the leaders sub
siding before the organization got on its
feet. Since that time Stanford has been
quiescent upon the subject of boatracins,
though the university is but a few miles
from a branch of the bay upon which a
course could be staked off ample for all
practice purpose.
Berkeley, however, did not allow her
efforts "to expire, though it flagged con
siderably, and lacking the stimulus of. op
position, was at one time on the verge of
failure. This occurred after the elab
rate and artistic boating house with all
its contents of sculls was destroyed by
fire, about four years ago. Another boat
house was built. :md gradually new
barges were bought, until now, in addi
tion to practice boats, the club owns two
outrigger skiffs, smooth bottomed, and
fair racing crafts though they are not
shells. When the indications during the
past summer became strong that Pro
fessor Wheeler would be called to . the
presidency of the university new life was
immediately infused into the boating
club. The crew got together, went Into
training and resolved that this branch
of the college sports should be raised into
sufficient prominence at least to draw
the attention of Professor Wheeler.
Tho boats were only four and the oars
men comprised James Hopper, bow and
captain; P. W. Waggershauser, forward
waist; Roy Fryer, after waist; Clinton
Tracy, stroke, and Frank Wilder, cock
swain. The desire of the crew was to
row at the races of the Pacific Athletic
Association, which came off at El Campo
in June. This association, however, pass
ed a rule to allow no smooth-bottomed
boats on the course, a regulation which
it seemed would keep the university crew
off the track. They suc
ceeded, however, In bor
rowing the lapped barge
of the Pioneer Club, and
they entered the contest
with the Dolphin and
the Ariel crews. The
barge by reason of its
timbers being lapped
upon the edge was
much • heavier than
the smgoth, light skiffs
which the Berkeleya
had been accustomed to
row. and it made less
speed through the water.
Still Berkeley won. beat-
Ing both contestants
upon a mile and a half
course— three-fourths of
a mllo down, then a
turn and- three-fourtb.3
of a mile back to the
flag stake-;.
Inspired by this vic
tory to attempt greater
things, the crew went
to Astoria to take part
In the regatta held
there under theauspiccs
of that city on August
23. It was the hope of
• Berkeley men that they
could find some college
crew there to take up
their gauntlet and give
them a. chance to install
intercollegiate racing.
They did not succeed in
this, however, and for
the sake of getting a
race at all they were
forced to try against a
picked crew composed
of the Alameda Club,
whose members had ac
companied them from
Oakland to Astoria. As
they were out of the
class of these men. the
victory of the latter—
. beating the collegiates
by over five minutes —
decided nothing, and
the Berkeley boy 3 were
given a silver cup and
the title of junlorcham
plons of the Pacific
Coast.
These little forays
rung spirit into the
crew, which was inten
sified by the lnstalla-"
tion of Professor
Wheeler, until now the
club is moving In the
matter of equipping
Itself with an eight
crew instead of a four,
whereupon It will be "full regular" and. •
with due training, ready to make con
tests anywhere. Two full eight size out
rigger shells will be bought at a cost of
$600 each, one being used to reinforce the
other in event of accident. These boats.
In addition to being proportionately light
er than the ones now used, sharper and
more effective in cutting the water, have
also the quality of being turned in thrre
strokes of the oars, possessing thereby an
Immense superiority over the boats now
used, which, though smaller craft, holding
but half the number of men. require,
nevertheless, fifteen strokes of the oars
to reverse their course.
The question of a coach has not yet
been decided upon, but the probabilities
are that for the present he will be a local
man; this is practicable just now, since
President Wheeler can be appealed to and
he will doubtless aid the coach with, his
advice and views upon up-to-date rowing.
The boathouse of the club is at Clinton
Station, East Oakland, and on the edge
of what has been pronounced as beautiful
a four-mile course as anywhere exists.
¦President Wheeler, however, objects to a
four-mile course as a mile too long and
an unnecessary strain on the oarsmen.
"So far as I can learn," remarked the
president, "all four-mile races In this
country have been settled at the three
mile point and the last mile is a mere
drag, pumping the vitals of the men. In
the interest of the health of the men—
mostly young men of 19 to 22, to whom a
strain of the heart or other vital organ
In this last exhausting mile may mean a 1a 1
permanent injury— l urge the three-mile
standard. A crew that can win In three
miles can win In four; the last mile is a
libation of blood poured In ostentation to
the false, god of the English analogy."
With this strong expression of opinion
on the part of the president the four-mile
idea will doubtless be abandoned and the
course cut down to three miles.
The stroke which will be adopted will
be the Cornell stroke, a movement which
Is pronounced in its Americanism and i 3
in no sense an adaptation from the much
discussed English stroke. This has been
evolved at Cornell, under the eyes of Pro
fessor Wheeler, and doubtless with his
aid. This is a stroke of from thirty-three '
to thirty-four to the minute — a standard
which has not been quickened by Cornell,
except at the regatta at Henley, when it
was touched up to forty-two to forty-four
and resulted In the Englishmen beating
them. The slide which goes with the
slower stroke is nineteen to twenty
inches, while the faster movement was
executed at great expense of body swing
and consequent power of the oar's drive
in the water. With this longer and more
deliberate stroke the rhythm df motion of
the bodies of the rowers is beautiful to
*•». ana rnaTvs a weTT contested ncm en*
of the most graceful an( j inspiriting of
sights.
One of the reasons. It Is hinted ainon*
the crew, why the- athletic students hiv»
not turned their attention to rowing Is be
cause of the difficulties of making an ex
hibition of a contest which would result
In profit to the clubs. A came of football
may be held within a board inc'.osure to
which none need be admitted except upon
payment. Football games, therefore, hay«
always been productive of generous rums
falling: into the coffers of the clubs and
the pockets of the players, the- last Inter
collegiate game played yielding. It 1»
averred, upward of $10,000 in receipts.
Rowing, it has been thought, could not
possibly be conducted within an lnclosure
and it would be. hence, unrerauner&tlT*
to the participants.
It happens, however, that the lagoon
upon which it is proposed that the course
shall be laid runs beside a mole of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, and It Is
thought that by arrangement with this
company exclusive privileges could be had
of this tract for purposes of the race. A«
the lagoon 13 quite wide, only an unsatis
factory view could be had of the boats
from the opposite- side, and as Its end
could be patrolled no boats would be al
lowed to pas 3 up Into It during or pre
paratory to the racing. Bows of seats
could then be erected along the railroad
side of the lagoon which could be sold at
the ordinary rates to spectators. In this
manner the clubs could reserve the right
of the sport to those that pay and hence
help defray the very considerable cost of
providing the expensive boats and equ!?
ment which make regattas possible.
The club as now organized has as Its
officers P. \V. YV'aggershauser, president;
J. A. Allen, vice president; Mr. Balrd, sec
retary, and James K. Moffitt treasurer.
Of these gentlemen only Mr. Waggers
hauser is of the crew. Since, however, the
club has determined to expand the or
ganization, there will probably be some
change in the personnel of the officers.
The club will shortly issue to the student
body a prospectus of its desires and In
tentions and will invite membership; from
the new blood that joins four men will be
selected to comprise the addition to the
crew, following which a new set of offi
cers will be elected. The members of the
club declare that they will, upon the In
crease In the organization, at once pro
ceed to pcactlce for the regatta which
they intend holding next summer, and
that they propose using all incentives pos
sible to get Stanford to organize a club,
Belect a crew and meet tnemi
JOHN E. BENNETT.
Not 6 per cent of all the women la
America f-pend as much money aa JoQ per
year on their clothes.en eye*. No tears brightened their fadefl
blue, but a boundless sorrow welled up
Into them from a broken heart and lay
exposed to the world's hard gaze.
Next to her hat a comfortable looking
party, hits curly hair covered with a Sal
vation Army cap snd ho'dins in his plump
hands a dog-tared. well-thun;bed Bible.
H" kept a rur.r.lr.g tire of talk in a cheer
ful and "I've-bcen-saved" sort of way.
with a little miid-mai.iK'rcd man beside
him. who huddled under his right arm as
if for warmth as well as comfort.
Arriving at the prison the vastness, the
stillness and the "red tape" cf everything
made n;° U -! :..« if I had come to a funer
al. In the reception-room every one sat
• round looking solemn ar.d talking in an
undrrtc::**.
Adjoining the reccption-rocm is a large
«r;anrncr.t divided in the center by a
wooden raJUns about three feet high. To
both tides of ihis railing is fastened a
closely woven w!rc netting, which tx
tends to the ceiling. Behind the double
screen thus formed tlicce who bear the
mark of rain, opium "fiends" and others
who may not be trusted to receive their
frirr.ds elsewhere arc placed. Here for
fifteen Ehort minutes they may talk across
three inches cf wire-inclosed space, but
with never a chane<? for even the rom
fortir? touch of a friendly hand.
! subsided rather uneasily into a ror
nfr before the screen, fecllnK-th.it I was
intruding on emotions to which I was a
Ftranger and on which I had no right to
look. But these people— the sinners, who
appeared like striped phantoms behind tli<*
screen; and the sinned against, who stood
outside — were absorbed In their own af
fairs and despairingly indifferent to all
else.
Down in the corner nearest the door the
narrow, bent shoulders of a woman ar
rested my attention. Her story if an old,
old tale, of that feminine devotion that
men always expect but rarely appreciate.
Her husband's hands are stained with the
life blood of a fellow-employe— an acci
dent of anger. The law has said that for
twenty years h<» must atone. Half of th*
allotted term has passed and In all that
that he doesn't know now whether he t»
crazy or dead. Never a man of many
ideas, his one all-absorbing thought now
is how he is going to get to heaven. A
good thought for a man to have who will
exchange his present abode only for on»
that is narrow and deep and silent.
The minutes sped by, and I got to
watching the tall, slender figure of a
woman in brown. She stood with one
knee resting on the stool beside her, and
her bony, nervous hands formed a sort of
trumpet for her mouth, which was pressed
close to the screen. With scarcely a
pause, for fully fifteen minutes she poured
forth a perfect torrent of words into tha
car of a big, brutish-looking convict.
As her allotted time drew to a close she
talked faster and faster, until finally I
heard him exclaim impatiently, "I can't
hear that." When the guard called at
last, "Time's up!" the fellow turned away
with a gruff "good-by," without one back
ward glance, while she stood, with
clenched hands, waiting in vain for a
farewell smile. As she turned to go out
she hesitated an instant and glanced
around the room with a look of Impotent
rape and despair pitiful to see. It was the
look that a wounded tigress might give
her slayer.
The prisoners at San Quentin are per-
and they were married. For a brief while
their honeymoon was unobscured by a
single cloird. But the sleuths of the la,v
finally traced the highway robbery to h;m,
and he was tried and condemned to eight
years in the penitentiary.
Now. once every month, she sits be
fore th.at screen in the prison, bringing
the* comfort of mother-love to her erring
son. One of the three brothers is now
in the penitentiary at Folsom. Two were
in San Quentin, but the other now sleeps
savage breast." and since the convict
band was organized, he has had ample
opportunity to note its efficacy for good.
The interest that each ar.d every pris
oner takes in the band is marvelous, and
when a man. criminal or otherwise, has
In through the gloomy, mysterious look*
Ing "screen." . MADAM JONATHAN.
— « ¦» »
"Who goes a-borrowing goes a-sorrow«
ing." says the proverb. The sorrowing,
however, isn't to be compared with that
of the individual wno goes a-lendln*.
time, rain or shine, this devoted wife has
never mltsed seeing her husband on the
privileged days.
Days uf suffering and nights of weeping
have made the thin cheeks pallid end her
eyes red and vnbeautiful. Her comeliness
and her youth she has given this man in
his desolation. When he can walk into
the world once more a free man 1 wonder
if the haggard face of his wife will look
old and unlovely to him? Will smiling lips
and eyes that have never known tears
ever make him forget the ullegiance he
owes lo this woman, who has bertie with
him for years his burden of sorrow and
degradation? Such thins 3 have happened.
Close by sat another wife, a short, stout
woman, talking to a most resp?ctable
looking elderly gentleman, who wore a
beard and eyeglasses. Six years ago a
most atrocious murder, committed In a
water-front saloon, horrified the people of
Ran Francisco. The unusual manner in
which the murder was done appalled even
the most hardened. For that crime this
same respectable-looking elderly gentle
man Is paying the penalty.
To the screen in their turn came many
whose names have become familiar to the
public, and among them was Dennis Mc-
Carthy, the man who has been sentenced
lo the asylum and to be hanged so often
MT errarii tra? rather a sa<i on* and
if I had rair.ted the landscape
and ret the scenery myself the
day could not have been more ap
propriate. A pray mist had or^pt
!r durinjr the night and still held land and
!-'a in its clammy rmbracf. Far over in
the fast the fun was doing its best to
make a rifl in the somber curtain, but the
fog rested heavily oh the face of the earth
;;ke the shadow of sr-rrow on the faces of
my fr'.low-ratscngers.
It whs visiting <lay at San Quentin and
I was on my way to the prison. Shut up
:i an eloncatod affair, commonly known
us a * - fc.us." which vibratos regularly be
iween the railroad and San Quentin, I
i-njli) (io nothing but study the faces op-
I'T-ite and th.> study was rot calculated
: i offset the depressing effects of the
v\ rather.
My vis-a-vis was a woman of whom I
r*m«ml>ir n"thir.g except the grief-stri-.k-
something good to think about, there is
that much less room in his mind for mis
chief.
On visiting d;»>> - ? a special programme
is printed, and Becker, the notorious for
ger, devotes all his inventive genius to
making: the tiny, folded square as artis
tic as possible.
Ppraking of the tand reminds me that
the leader— who. by the way. has accom
plished wonders with his men In a very
short time— has the unique distinction of
being the only man in San Quentin who
acknowledges that he deserves to ba
there. lEven his unusual sense of justice,
however, ia unequal to the punishment
that has been met^d out to him. He was
doing the "footpad" act one night, but
unluckily held up a man that didn't hay*
a cent. He was caught and sentenced
for seventeen years. In consideration of
the fact that his attempt at robbery bore
no fruit, he thinks ho got about seven
years too many.
At 2 o'clock the visiting hour 3 are over.
Thf> clank of the iron doors r<?v«rber»tes
and echoes down th« long corridors and
the prisoners go bark to the daily tread
mill of convict life, nursing in their heart*
the little sunshine that may have fUtera"!
Then the wife gave an example of rare
devotion. He had sinned for her, and,
though he begged her to do so, she would
not give him up. For a year he implored
her to get a divorce— not to let him ruin
her life. At last, to satisfy him. ohe
yielded to his pleadings, and this was the
first time that she had seen him since the
law had set her free. Yes, a decree of
court had freed her, but the chains were
still about her heart, and now, with
streaming eyes, she told her husband that
she would not accept her release— that she
could not. She had torn up the papers
and would wait for him to the end. Her
only comfort lay in tha knowledge that
one day he would be returned to her. and
she begged of him not to ask her again to
deprive herself of that ray of hope.
In strong contrast to this weeping, gold
en-haired girl wife, at the other end of
the railing sat an old mother. Far, far
hack in the golden days of California chis
woman had been a belle, and her Spanish
beauty had been the theme for many a
gallant toast. Three sons had crowned
her wifehood, and during their infancy it
seemed as if God had done all things well.
Happiness, wealth and honor were
hers.
upon the hill with the criminal dead.
Who can blame that mother, if she some
times prays that death may claim the
others, too?
Tha proud old father used to come with
her. but he would not speak to the boys.
Silent and grim, he would wait for the
mother, and when the interview was
closed would march out. unyielding and
unforgiving. Now, however, he will not
even come to the prison, and the tiny old
lady, whose still bright eyes are the only
remnants of the beauty that mice made
her famous, makes her sad little journey
alone.
As the door opened and closed to admit
the visitors, the blare of brass instru
ments danced into tne room and seemed
luring me out into a more cheerful at
mosphere. I went in search of the Band.
You must always spell that with a capi
tal B. because everybody in San Quentin
is so proud of it. Clad In new, trim uni
forms, plentifully sprinkled with brass
buttons, the "Ess Que Bee" were stand
ing in a circle, cutting the cold air into
harmonious slices with all the ardor of
lusty lungs.
Warden Aguirre believes with the poet
that "music hath charms to soothe the
THE SirSDAY GAEL.
mltted to see their friends only once
every month, and it is not surprising that
ti • Ions: pent-up grief must find vent in
bitter tears when husband and wife or
. mother and son again stand face. to face.
- Even the~tall.- genial guard, whose long
years of service have made him familiar
with such scenes, has to speak- harshly
sometimes to clear away a queer, tight
feeling in his throat.*
Slowly the panorama of human misery
and retribution moved along, and at last
a tall, handsome young fellow, whose
manly Waring even the stripes could not
conceal, took his place behind the screen.
A moment later a beautiful girl sank,
weeping, on the seat before him. It was
evident that there was something extraor
dinary In her sorrow, and I hastened to
icertain the cause.
A few years ago destiny had brought
these two together, but poverty and mis
fortune stood in the way of their hapni
nesa. In the world of labor there seemed
to be no place for him. At last, at the
close, of an unusually bad day, ha "he'd
up" and robbed the occupants of a street
car and bo got a financial start in the
world.
He went Into business on a small scale
11
VISITING
DAY
AT
SAN QUENTINTHE STOTOAY CALIi.
12
THE SUICIDE
Dull on the se*v n© Hope for me^ "^
/\nd the fog He^s in t<>the weier£ edge :
iselne w^ves | *nd iney Twl, s^rro^ come^t 0 us Jl»
W hid mystery vljjes ne^th the k^Ib .^nd 1W sedge;
I plunge see? r
fe>^<^ to the f~4
U-hd-cr The cjuiet w^sh of the uci^ ? i
;Sorrv^v's k^lm m«^ lie here, on this shore J^^nddr^r,
,^pl^h, eddy,- &h oil tc^th Relied;
fte&d mv epitaph s<* v v f u \
JOHN R. RATHOMMONT-AUK-SOURCES. NATAL
This place is on the border of
the Orange Free State and
Basutoland, and is not far from
the scene of the Boer attack on the
Carbines at Acton Homes.
duce at least a keen international press
war and rumors damaging to steamer
values, if nothing more, though the dis
crepancies between Count yon Bulow*a
speech in Germany and the representa
; tlons of the German Embassador tn Lon
don, the latter being extremely concila
tory, from a reassuring circumstance.
The news of the death of G. W. Stev
ens, the special correspondent of tha
Daily Mail, from enterto fever, Monday
at Ladysmith. has been received with
genuine sorrow in London, where he had
many friends In and out of his profes
sion. ¦ Mr. Stevens had a distinguished
careeer at Oxford. His first newspaper
success was a series of letters which h«
wrote from America, headed "The Land
of the Dollar." His last work before go-
Ing to the Transvaal was "The Tragedy
of Dreyfus," and his long stay in hot.
unsanitary Renr.es is thought to havo
undermined his constitution to an ex
tent that made him easy prey for tha
fever. Mr. Stevens made a romantic mar
riage a few years ago with a Mrs. Rog
erson. well known In London society. She
was 60 years of age and Mr. Stevens but
26. but the marriage was very happy.
They were devoted to each other. Mr.
Stevens used to write to her dally wher
ever he was.
LONSDALE PRAISES
AMERICAN HORSES
Special Cable to The Call and New Tor* Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— One of th© very
busiest men in London at th« present
tlmo Is Lord Lonsdale. to whom th«
Government has come to find horses and
saddles, two most vital necessities for the
South African campaign. Dealers are
coming to him all day long with saddles,
the weaknesses of which the Earl
speedily picks out with the quickness of
an expert. Here ia what Lord Lonsdalo
says concerning his work:
"On the 21st of December the adjutant
general asked me- whether I could supply
him with 1700 horses at once. I replied no,
but 1200 yes. . To-day I can find 1500 Eng
lish horses. 2000 Argentine. 2000 American.
100 Australian and pretty much aa many
as I want from Hungary."
"Critics say that your horses won't be
any good and that you are going to send
hunters, accustomed to luxury."
Lord Lonsdale quickly replied: "My!
Hunters! That clas3 of horses would not
stand work at all. What I am sending:
are horses from the fells and moors of
Cumberland and West Moreland. They
are horses accustomed to live on the
wildest kind of stuff. They are as hardy
as they can be. living among the rocks
and never having had a feed of oats in
their lives. Some have accused me of
buying fine horsse, too, but I know you
cannot get them too coarse. I have 757
such rough chaps. They have never seen
a stable. What we want is a wild, rough
horse and small. None I have bought ara
over 15.2. I have got 457 Canadian
horses. 1000 cowboy horses and 157 tough
little ponies, secured from people in the
midlands, who take no care of them and
keep them hardy."
"Are your preparations well forward
for the yeomanry?"
"Yes, perfect. If there are ten thousand
men to offer to-morrow I will engage
each. I shall have a service blannet and
waterproof mantle ' for each horse and
the best cavalry saddle. One thing I must
say. and that Is that the yeomanry are
being weakened by the addition of civil
ians, whereas what is wanted is rather a
few regulars among them to give them
backbone."
"Are the men good?"
"Yes, the best in the world. For In
stance, in my own regiment there are
some forty men who pass their lives
walking over the hills of my country
looking after sheep from early morning
till late at night. These fellows ara of
splendid material ana never tire."
"Do you think your horses will arrive
fit?"
"Certainly. I have got people working
with me who have made a science of
carrying horses and delivering them la
good condition."
"It is mostly a question of the box in
which the animals are sent. It must fit
exactly and not be too long so that the
horses are knocked about. Then, of
course, there is the matter of food.
American horses are excellent. They ax-
Copyrirght, 1300, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— T0 thoroughly and
conservatively appreciate the politi
cal conditions as they exist in Eng
land to-day, to understand the re
flections that military successes or
reverses in South Africa create in the
minds of the public and to gauge the task
confronting the Government at the forth
coming session of Parliament, It is first
necessary to realize the stupendous
change that in the last few weeks has
taken place in the national character. To
put it briefly, since the British army In
the field has found the Boer army wa3 its
match or more the British nation has be
come one huge stock exchange — not in
the material sense, but in sentiment. The
nation as a whole. governs its opinions by
the happenings of the hour, vacillating
according to the news the ticker, in its
traditions of centuries as easily as the
most nervous market that ever operated
in times of uncertainty. Nothing so ade
quately lends itself to a ready and force
ful simile of the prevailing temper of the
British nation aa the popular^ conception
of the stock market. As dn* the floor
there is a certain small percentage with
such huge interests at stalce that they
are never budged by rumors that make
or break the smaller fry. But these com
pose the very Inmost ring, and their ex
clusiveness may be judged from the fact
that one never knows when opening from
day to day such solid and conservative
journals as the Times, the Morning Post
or the Standard whether they will uphold
or bitterly abuse the Government. In a
like manner does the majority of the pub
lic opinion sway as fanned by news from
the front. Thus it is well nigh impossi
ble to determine the real feeling toward
the administration and the war, and it is
still harder to forecast the result of the
debates in Parliament.
Yet, in spite of this tremendous vacil
lation, the information which represen
tatives of the Associated Press have
gathered from all sorts of sources tends
toward the impression that Lord Salis
bury will continue not only in power, but
In the matter of votes, with but a slightly
diminished control, which is tantamount
to saying that the war against the Boers
will be pursued to the bitter end. regard
less of foreign interference and whlrf
perings at home.
The selection by the War Office of Major
General Sir Frederick Carrington for ser
vice at the front calls out the comment
that the Government has recognized this
officer's claims at a very late day, con
sidering the fact that his name is most
favorably known lin South Africa, where
he spent., almost his whole military ca
reer as a leader of expeditions. While
Sir Frederick Carrington's billet is at
present a mystery to the English press,
the correspondent of the Associated Press
is able to say that it was not, after all,
the initiative of the War Office that he
was called, and further, that he will be
intrusted with what will be practically
an independent command of large pro
portions and will attempt to achieve by
means of one of the most heterogeneous
forces ever gathered on the face of the
earth the gallant objective hitherto held
by the commanders in the field to be an
impossibility. • '
Unless Ladysmith :Is quickly relieved
the international situation promises to be
of more interest than the actual opera
tions. The seizure of another German
vessel, following so closely Count yon
Bulow's business-like speech in the
Reichstag yesterday', will probably pro
BOERS FIGHT
ONLY ON THE
DEFENSIVE
All Their Victories Have Been
Won by Forces Greatly In
ferior to the British in
Numbers.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900. by James • Gordon
Bennett.
ADEN, Jan. 20. — American passengers
on the steamer Konlg from the Transvaal
make the following statements concern
ing the war: The total of Boer losses in
the entire war In killed, wounded and
prisoners, including recent battles, does
not pxceed 800, and less than half the
adult Boers are now under arms, the Gov-
eminent not having yet required the serv
ice of all burghers. The Boers have am
munition to last for three years, and Pre
toria is provisioned for one year.
All the- Boer victories have been won by
'forces greatly Inferior to the British in
"numbers. The Boer plan of campaign is
purely defensive, and they . are confident
that .they, can maintain the Transvaal
borders against any number of British
i troops which can be sent against them.
Two of the three Americans with whom
I talked believe that the British cannot
successfully operate with less than 300,000
troops in the field, and the third was con
fident that the Boers w.ll eventually win.
They all agree that their prisoners- and
wounded -are being most kindly and hu
manely treated.
A gentleman whose name I cannot
quote, but who should know the Trans
vaal'side, gave me the following inter
view:
"The number of Boers in the 'field has
been greatly exaggerated. I am confident
that they have less than 25,000, but as
many more are ready to answer the call
'of the Government whenever needed.
¦ There are plenty 6t Mausers and ammu
!nition for all. | In no battle have the Boers
•had more. than 4000" men engaged. They
; had that number opposed to General Bul
ler at the Tugela.' ,
."At Nicholsons Nek the British had re
treated to a strong position on a rocky
kopje.. There they were isolated from
the rest of the army, and attacked by 1200
Boers. They lost 800 in killed and wound
ed,', and the rest surrendered. It was a
Majuba Hill over again. •
"The Boers have really completely
beaten the British in every engagement of
any consequence so far, and the latter
have not yet learned how to fight the
Boers. Any statement of inhumanity to
,ward the British wounded or maltreat
ment of prisoners is absolutely untrue.
The average Boer, for all that has been
said about his Ignorance and narrow
mindedness, fijlly realizes that Tommy
Atkins is not responsible for the war.
"It can do England no credit to discredit
the Boers. , The Transvaal is surrounded
on all sides by hlils peculiarly adapted
to methods of defense in which the Boer 9
are skilled, and to penjetrate that* line of
defense is a task of the cost of which I
think the English nation has formed no
adequate idea, •
"General Joubert is suffering temporary
disability, from a rupture caused by hard
riding, but his advice is Invaluable to the
Boers. General Joubert will cpme.out of
this war, whatever its result, a bright fig
ure in" history."
PRISONERS FROM KURUMAN.
PRETORIA, Friday. January 19.—Cap
tain Bates Dennison and 155 prisoners of
the Kuruman garrison have arrived here.
It appears that six Boers were killed and
eighteen ' were wounded during the fight
ing at i Kuruman.
Great Britain's War Against the
Boers Will Be Pursued to the
Bitter End Regardless of For
eign Interference and Whim
perings at Home.
Major General Carrington to Attempt to
Achieve by Means of One of the Most
Heterogeneous Forces Ever Gathered
What Commanders in the Field Declare
to Be Impossible.
LOSSES SUSTAINED
BY THE BATTLING BOERS
REMSBERG, Cape Colony, Jan. 19.— A
gentleman who has : escaped from Coles
burg reports that the Dutch inhabitants
who are sympathizers with the Boers are
proceeding to the Orange Free State, in
anticipation of the evacuation of. the
town. Mr. Van der Walt, a member of
the Cape Assembly, has already "gone.
The Boer force there Is estimated to num
ber from 6000 to 7000 men, besides a strong
force at Norvals Pont. The British shells
did much execution eastward of the town.
The Boer loss up to date is probably 200
men. ,
Garef ully compiled figures . from repub
lican sources, some of - which have been
investigated and . found -to be correct,
show the Boer losses. up to date are, ap
and Red Cross nurses and a labyrinth of
baggage trucks to the reserved salon car
riage, where Captain and Lady Glenfell,
Ladles Blanford, Budler and Esser and
Mrs. Arthur Paget were seated.
After the Marlboroughs arrived a con
tingent of the National Fire Brigade Un
ion, of which the Duke of Marlborough
is president, arrived to bid him farewell,
and the railroad car in which the Duke
and Duchess and their friends sat be
came the center of attraction of the en
tire train. At thin moment Mrs. O. H. P.
Belmont arrived for the purpose of ac
companyinlg her daughter, the Duchess
of Marlborough, to Southampton. ,
The fire brigade men started cheers *as
the train pulled out, which were taken
up along the whole platform, the Duke
of Marlborough standing at the door of
the car smiling, acknowledging the cheer-
Ing.
The departure of the second detachment
of the London volunteers for South Af
rica this morning led to a repetition of
the scenes of enthusiasm of last Satur
day along the whole route from Welling
ton Barracks to Nine Elms station. The
Londoners commenced assembling before
daybreak, headed by several bands and
the volunteers, numbering 700 men, left
the barracks at 7:45, marching in fqurs.
For a time the people contented them
selves with cheering and the column ad
vanced In good order, until it reached
Great George street, where the friends.
wives and sweethearts of the men in
sisted on joining them and marching arm
in arm. Thus in the midst of constantly
Increasing enthusiasm the volunteers
finally reached the station at 9:30, where
the Duke of Connaught, the Lord Mayor,
Sheriffs and other military and civic dig
nitaries had assembled. The volunteers
were rapidly entrained for Southampton
and steamed away to the strains of "Auld
Lang Syne" and "God Save the Queen."
Large crowds met the volunteers iat
Southampton and gave them a raging
send-off as they embarked on the trans
ports Ariosto, Kinsfaun Castle and Gaul.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— One of
the British correspondents in
Natal gives an interesting
calculation of the Boer losses
since the, beginning of' war.
It makes a total of 6425, of
which nearly a third is esti
mated to' have been ] incurred
in the siege of Ladysmith. The
British losses in killed, wound
ed and captured up to and in
cluding Thursday were 7987
officers and men. -
proxlmately 6425 men, including 2000 cas
ualties during the siege of Ladysmith.
NOTED BRITISHERS
SAIL FOR SOUTH AFRICA
between Dundonald and the
Boers near Acton Holmes, in
which the enemy's loss appears
to have been much more serious
than was at first supposed. One
correspondent gives an interest
ing calculation of the Boer losses
since the beginning of the war
and makes the total 6425, of
which nearly a third is estimated
to. have been, incurred in the
siege of Ladysmith.
The second ' detachment of the
city of London's Imperial Vol
unteers destined for the front left
early this morning. Better ar
rangements than last week were
made to protect the troops from
the excited crowd, and owing to
restrictions of the line of march
and the wretched weather sight
seers were much less numerous
than last Saturday, but the fervor
of the send-off was not less
strong.
MARLBOROUGH AND THE
VOLUNTEERS OFF FOR WAR
LONDON', Jan. 20.— The Duke of Marl
borough was up early this morning,
breakfasting in his bachelor flat in the
West End. All preparations for his de
parture for South Africa had been made,
and there was little to do but bundle hH
baggage into a cab for the railway sta
tion. The ducal captain was not at all
excited over the fact that there were
only a few hours more before he -uld
start for the front, and there was not tne
slightest trace of bravado In his voice
when he said enthusiastically that he
"was awfully anxious to get to the front."
His wish was not likely to be gratified
in the near future, as the yeomanry will
not be sent to the fighting lines until trey
have had a month -or so of special train
ing.
The report that the Duke of Marlbor
ough is taking an extended outfit to South
Africa and making preparations for a
picnic are quite unfounded. He had not
the slightest desire but to do the best he
can as a staff officer, and he does not
at all exaggerate his capabilities in this
respect. He does not take out with him
a number of mules, as has been asserted.
The only unusual part of his equipment
is a wagon or "spider," in which Lord
Randolph Churchill traveled . all over
South Africa and which the Duke of
Marlborough has placed at the service of
Lord Valencia, his immediate commander,
but to whom the courtesy is generally
appreciated, as a well seasoned "spider"
is one of the best means of transport.
The five horses the Duke of Marlborough
takes out will', likely enough, be much
needed as remounts before the Duke eees
Blenheim again, and if he does not use
them himself they will always b« »t the
disposal of his brother officers. The Duke
of Marlborough's "retinue" consists of n
valet, who will probably be dispensed
with when the Duke leaves the ship. Once
in the field he contemplates taking so
more baggage than allowed in the c*.se
of any officer. He is greatly amus«3 at
the stories regarding the Oriental Biyle
In which it has been asserted he will
travel. Probably the only articles outside
of the official kit which the Duke of Marl
borough will have with him when th«>
yeomanry Is sent forward is an Ingenious
ly devised writing portfolio. Invented b>/
himself. The Duchess will not follow Mm
to the Cape.
The Duke Is much pleased at the ex
pressions of friendship for Great Britain
emanating from the United States, and is
seriously anxious to learn if such feelings
represent the majority of American opin
ion. From all appearances and from th«
frankness of his conversation the Duke
of Marlborough has dropped his rank ani
is just an ordinary captain of yeomanry,
who is anxious to serve his. country and
to emulate as far as in him lies the
founder of his house.
About 11 o'clock the Duke and Duchess
of Marlborough drove to the "Waterloo
railroad station and made their way
through a crowd of khaki-clad officers
LONDON, Jan. 20. — From
dispatches which have been
received to-day it looks as
if the difficult and dangerous
operations projected by General
Buller are proceeding satisfac
torily. Lord Dundonald's activ
ity on the northwest is specially
useful in screening Warren's
movements from the Boers.
From Spearmans Camp to-day it
1 is learned that the firing of field
guns was heard early this morn
ing, which is understood to mean
that Warren has commenced to
bombard the Boer trenches on
Mount Tabanamuana. At the
same time it is believed that the
Boers have thrown almost their
entire force in Northern Natal
between General Buller and
Ladysmith camp.
A rumor says that the trenches
facing Colenso are completely
evacuated, the village having
been burned to the ground by a
force of Boers which crossed the
river with this object. But this
requires confirmation, of which
none is at hand at present.
k The Manchester Guardian's
correspondent gives currency to
a calculation that the total Boer
strength in Northern Natal is
not less than 48,000. If it is true
that the greater portion of this
force is concentrated between the
Tugela River and Ladysmith in
a line from Potgieters Drift Gen
eral Buller has clearly to meet an
adversary numerically his su
perior. It is considered improb
able, however, that the Boer
• force is as strong as is stated.
It appears to be expected in
some quarters that Lord Dun
donald will push on with his cav
alry, ride around the left flank of
the Boers, cut their line of com
munication to Van Reenans Pass
and possibly enter Ladysmith. In
Warren's attack, which as al
k ready indicated is supposed to
have begun, there is plenty more
hard and adventurous work for
both man and horse.
The lull in both the southern
and western frontiers continues.
It would seem as if both sides
were alike conscious of the im
portant operations now being
carried on in Natal and were
resting on their weapons, wait
ing for the result of the conflict
upon which so much depends.
General Methuen is endeavor
ing to amuse his troops by a se
ries of cautious reconnoissances
to the right and left, but is affect
ing nothing beyond keeping his
i men employed.
The Boers are alert. Details
are furnished of the engagement
REPORTED BURNING OF COLENSO
Tr ONDON, Jan. 21.— The War Office shortly after midnight posted the following
H dispatch from General Buller dated Spearmans Camp, January 20, evening:
" "General Cleary. with a part of General Warren's' force, has been in
action from 6 a. m. till 7p. m. to-day. By a Judicious use of his artillery he has
fought his way up, capturing ridge after ridge for about three miles.
"The troops are now bivouacking on the ground he has gained, but the main
force is still in front of them.
*'The casualties were not heavy. About 100 wounded had been brought in
by 6:30 p. m. The number of killed has not yet been ascertained."
SPEARMANS CAMP, Jan. 20 (evening).— The Boer trenches were shelled con
tinually to-day. Genera! Lyttelton's brigade advanced and occupied a kopje
2000 yards from the Boer position at Brakfontein. A company of rifles ad
vanced with a balloon In action and were received with a heavy fire from the
Boers. The artillery and musketry fire continues from General Warren's posi
tion. The enemy had not shifted its position at the time this dispatch was
sent and the shells set fire to the grass. Lord Dundonald's force on Thursday
surprised 350 Boers. The British, who were posted on h kop|e, allowed the
Boers to advance leisurely before opening fire. The Boers did not reply and
a majority of them galloped off. It is reported that the remainder surrendered.
British Troops Bivouacking on
Ground Gained During Fighting
From 6 A. M. to 7 P. M.— Big
Boer Army Yet Between the
Relief Forces and Ladysmith.
GENERAL BULLER REPORTS THE
CAPTURE OF THREE MILES OF RIDGES
SOUTHAMPTON, Jan: 20.— The trans
port Klnfauns Castle, with the Duke of
Marlborugh, Rudyard Kipling, Baroness
Burdett-Cbuts, Admiral Frederick A.
Maxse and many army officers on board
bound for South Africa,' sailed to-day. She
was enthusiastically cheered by the large
crowds of people'who, In spite of the fact
that it was raining heavily, lined the
quays.
* * ? ? ??? T ??????? ????????*
I Pages 13 to 22 !
?"?? + ?? + *???????????????*
1 Pages 13 -to 22 1
+*+ + > ++++++++++ + + + + + + +¦ + +
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 52.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
]^RD STANLEY :THE. j
NEW -PRESS CENSOR AT
CAPE; TOWN '.'•'. 'v-vgan apparent prospect of settlement. The
claim amounts to several thousand dol
lars. The progress of taking depositions
is slow, and several days are expected to
elapse before the conclusion. *
HILSTBOM ARRESTED.
Insane Bancher Gave Battle to the
Sheriff's Posse.
ASTORIA, Jan. 20.— Sheriff Linville re
turned from Lewis and Clark River to
day, ha'vinsr in custody >4att Hilstrom.
the insane rancher who yesterday shot
and killed Luke Moore.
Hilstrom barricaded himself in his
house and fired several shots at the
Sheriff and his party, who were under
cover. He was finally persuaded to lay
down, his rifle and submit to arrest.
Ship Blythswood's Bough Voyage.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— A dispatch has been
received stating that the British ship
Blythswood, Captain Dixon. from Port
land, Or., for Cnpe Town, has arrived at
Valparaiso with cargo shifted, decks
swept, bulwark? stove and having lost
and split several sails.
Labori to Lecture in America.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— A contract has been
signed by M. Labor!, counsel for Alfred
Dreyfus during the late trial at Rennes.
to lecture for thirteen weeks in the United
States during the autumn of the present
year.
organized, we find the heads of commit
tees sending out thousands of pairs of
cocks, and Tarn O'Shanters in quantities
truly surprising.
Mrs. Postlethwaite." just as an Instance,
sends out 26.200 Tarn O'Shanters, besides
woolen garments. The women of Hud
dersfield send to the Yorkshire regiment
a case weighing about half a ton, con
taining among other things 1000 pairs of
socks and 270 Balaklava caps.
Princes? Christian heads a sock society.
Lady Lamington Is sending out all sorts
of comforts to the Queensland mounted
infantry. Lady Airlee takes charge -^f
sending comforts to the Twelfth Lancers,
and Lady Theodora Davidson Carr for
the division of Royal Horse Artillery.
Mrs. Arthur Paget takes care of the
Guards, and so they go.
Not a woman in England Is Idle— rot
from the Queen to the smallest hand
maiden. If you compliment them, this !s
the reply which one receives: "Well, con
sidering what the men are doing, if *ye
did not work all we could what would you
think of us?" Work they do, heart and
soul.
BOERS ARE MOST
THOROUGHLY PROVISIONED
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Exporters in this
city who make a specialty of the South
African trade believe that the Boers are
remarkably well provisioned and that any
attempt to starve them out is hardly
likely to succeed soon. The United States
la the source of the cereal supplies of the
lighting republics. As to canned meats
and jerked beef, practically all of the im
mense quantity consumed in South
Africa is supplied by American firms,
shipping through this port.
"The British Government has shown a
remarkable lack of foresight." remarked
one of the largest local food exporters
in South Africa to-day, "in forming a just
estimate of the preparedness of the Boers
for war; and the bad work of the intelli
gence department in gaining any accurate
information concerning their military
supplies is only one aspect of the case.
As a matter of fact the Boers have not
only been laying up an almost inexhaust
ible supply of powder and cartridges, but
an abundant supply of food as well. If
the British succeed in getting as far as
Pretoria or Johannesburg and attempt to
lay siege to the cities they will discover
that the inhabitants will suffer little from
the lack of food; that their granaries are
fairly bursting with the products of
American and Australian farms and that
in all the other food staples of war time,
such as camifd beef, the Dutch are plen
tifully provided.
"I base these conclusions upon an ex
amination of my own books. My firm
sends great quantities of flour and canned
goods to South Africa every year, and es
pecially, to Delagoa Bay. Port Natal, Dur
ban. East London and Port Elizabeth,
which are the chief ports of entry to the
Transvaal and the Orange Free State. I
never knew the South African trade to
be so brisk as it has been during the past
year, and especially the past few months
It was perfectly apparent that the Trans,
vaalers were ordering a great deal more
stuff than they could readily consume,
and the trade in that direction has for
some time been looked upon as abnor
mal."
DISPOSITION OF THE
FORCES OF BRITISH TROOPS
Special Cable to Thp Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. i:-00, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— The disposition of
th^e British forces in the Transvaal fol
lows:
Ladysmith— Force under General White
beleaguered by the Boers, under General
Joubcrt, against whom the British relief
column is advancing, under General Bul
ler, from its headquarters camp at
Chievcley, decisive action being daily ex
pected.
Kimberley— British garrison, under Col
onel Kekewlch, feeling pressure of Boer
besiegers, with strong body interposed
between it and General Methuen's column,
on Modder River, destined for its relief.
Mafeking— Beleaguered force under Col
onel Baden-Powell beginning to feel the
pinch of starvation while besieged by
Commandant Suyman.
Molteno — Generals French and Gatacre
menacing and harassing Boers in the
neighborhood of Stormbcrg and Coles
berg.
MANY OFFERS TO FIGHT.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 20.— Dr. Leyds. the rep
resentative In Europe of. the Transvaal,
has issued through the press a statement
that he is in receipt of so many o.'fers
from men who wish to volunteer for serv
ice with the Boers that he is compelled
to announce that he is nowise authorized
to enroll anybody In Europe, and that
COLSON INDICTED ON
TWO MURDER CHARGES
Principal in ths Frankfort Hotel
Tragedy Must Stand Trial
for His Life.
FRANKFORT. Ky., Jan. 3).— The Grand
; Jury to-day Indicted cx-C'oncressman Da
vid G. Colson, who was i-olonel of the
Fourth Kentucky Rfgiment. for murder
on two counts. The tirs;t charges th«» will
ful murder of Lieutenant Ethelbert Scott.
one of the principals In Tuesday's tr!;il«
tragedy, and the other with the murder
of Luther \V. Dernarree, one of the by
standers who was l;illc<t. The Grand Jury
was granted a further extension of time,
and it. is understood that more testimony
is to bt heard as to the killing of Charles
Julian, the other by-stander.
Colson's attorneys will on Monday ask
for bail, and Colson may testify. Amors
those who have volunteered their l^sral
services in Colson's defense aro CongT??''
raan Bailey of Texas. Congressman Clnv
ton of Alabama. ex-Congressman. Hourk
of Tennessee and Atttorney GT.f?ral A. K.
Mynatt of Tennessep. Colonel Colson's
frler.ds expect only a manslaughter
charge. The weapons used by the com
batants were turned over to the court.
Colson's mail from all over the country,
as well as from Washington city, Ken
tucky and Tennessee. Is very heavy. Many
society women have written him wordi
of sympathy. Some are strangers. Colson
is a bachelor and largely int^rosted in
business In Kentucky and Tennessee.
KANE TO VISIT ROUME
Archbishop Montgomery Will Preslda
Over St. Louis Diocese.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 20.— Archbishop John
J. Kane announced to-day that ho would
leave for Rome soon after Easter and re
main in the Eternal City probably six
months or longer. He will be accompanied
on the journey, by R*»v. Father David S.
Pholf.n. *tlitnr of the Western Watchman.
Bishcp GecrKC M<>ntsonier> of LO3 An
gele?. Cal.. will preside over the St. Louis
diocese during Archbishop Kane's ab
sence.
- •
Kaiser Hono cs Mine. Melba.
Special Table to Tha Call and New York Her
ald. C'opyrißhted, X'XO, by James Gordon
Rennett.
VIENNA. Jan. 20.— Jlrac Melba ap
peared at the Roya! Opera-house befora
the Emperor, anrl In the course of tha
evening was decorated by his Males tv.
GEN. BTJLLER CONTINUES
HIS MARCH ON LADYSMITH
rive In srooi condition, because they are
Intelligently packed and are ready for
Immediate use."
?
MACRUM SAID TO
HAVE DELICATE MISSION
ROME. Jan. 20— Charles E. Macrum,
former Vnitcd States Conpul at Pretoria,
who left Lourcnzo Marquez December 1?,
end landed at Naples last Thursday, has
arrived here. He positively refused to be
Interviewed. Thp Naples correspondent of
the Corriere Italia says Mr. Macrum de
nies that he bean a letter from President
TCruger to President McKinley. Mr.
Macrum will so to Paris and London, and
5t is believed by some that he has a semi
official mission to European Governments
from President McKinley. The Tribuna
expresses the belief that he has a delicate
mission from President Kruger to the
Government of the United States and has
orders to report to Washington as soon
as DossiLle.
ENTHUSIASM OVER
CANADIAN TROOPS
HALIFAX. N. S., Jan. CO. -The first sec
tion of the second contingent which the
Government of Canada is sending to
Fouth Afri'-a embarked to-day on the
steamer Laurentian. The first section con-
Fists of artillery and is In command of
Major Hurdman. Thousands of people
from different sections of the maritime
provinces came here and gave the Cana
dians an enthusiastic send-off.
liciore tne artillerymen lert their arm
ory they were addressed by Hon. Freder
ick L. liorden. Minister of Militia and De
fense In the Ottawa Cabinet; General
Hutton, commander-in-chief of the mlli
lary, and M. E. Daly, Governor of Nova
Kcotia.
FIERCE BOMBARDMENT OF
LADYSMITH CONTINUED
LADTSMITH. Jan. 20. via Spearmans
Camp. — The enemy have placed in posi
tion new guns throwing eight-Inch ehella
and have been bombarding more vigor
ously for the last few days, although lit
tle damage has been done. Three of the
British force have been wounded. The
troops are jubilant over General Buller's
cuccessful advance. His guns can be
heard distinctly and the bursting of shells
can be plainly seen.
WOMEN OF ENGLAND
ARE ALL AT WORK
EpeeSal Cable to The Call and New York Iler
eld. Copyrighted. 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— For the first time in
memory Knglleh women have broken
through the rule of not working on Sun
days. They work and work. Independent
of the Sabbath. Kach woman in England
to-day of any standing belongs to at least
half a dozen committees, all admirably
organized. Kach contracts to supply so
much, a deal more than she can work
herself, but comes up to her contract by
the aid of friends and retainers. Thus
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dose will atop
a cough. Never fails. Try Uo All druggists. •
"A Small Spark
Makes a Great Fire."
A small disease germ in the blood devel-
ops, multiplies and increases until the
'whole life stream is poisoned and diseased.
The result is scrofula, catarrh, a broken
down system. You may prevent this dis-
aster by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla, the
great purifier and tritdlizer of the blood.
Consumption— "After the grip J
had a. bad cough, dizziness and night
sweats. Humor broke out and consump-
tion ivas diagnosed. One bottle Hood's
Sarsaparilla helped me and four bottles
cured me perfectly." SMrs. N. D, Kin-
ney, SMorris, Conn.
800 RD'S
/"CAT O-H BARREL."\
V. LONDON. ENGLAND. /
OLD TOM, DRY
and SLOE GINS
ORANGE
BITTERS.
CHARLES MEINTCKE & CO..
AGENTS. T.i S&crunento «t-. & F.. OU-
CORNU CHARGED WITH
SHOOTING HIS DAUGHTER
Story That the Wound Was Inflicted
by a Tramp Is Discredited
by Officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 20.— John Cornu. father
of four-year-old Lou Cornu, who was shot
through the thighs a couple of weeks ago
near Cupertino, was to-day arrested for
the act by Sheriff Langford, and he will
probably be charged with assault to mur
der. Great mystery has surrounded the
affair.
At first Cornu and hts children told a
story about a tramp shooting the girl.
The little son said that while ne and the
rest of the children were alone a tramp
called at the house and demanded food,
and when he was refused he drew a pis
tol and shot his sister. While the wound
was of a serious nature it is now nearly
healed. Sheriff Langford has learned that
Cornu has told certain parties that he
shot th« girl accidentally. The bullet,
which was a 44-caliber, also fits the pistol
Cornu is known to have had. It is be
lieved that Cornu's fear of the conse
quences led him to concoct the tramp
story. If he confesses the matter will
probably be dropped, provided he can fur
nish proof of an accident.
* <&><*••>> <*><>• <•> **> •«> <«> <g> <$..$.«, <$. <j» <$. <» <£ «. <& <J> <£ <» <J> -?» <» <s> <^ <*,§!> .^ <* <^ <£
: Women's "Nerves" Are Trying. :
<«> Oa^ - "^^ e avera S e nervous woman gets a pain In ?
a> /^^l^J ' the head as ln n £ ure *of thl3 picture. She ?
a, {Wk\'J_ ™M show a pale, thin, emaciated face as in ?
* S^HS &*^''w^sffiSß fl sure 2. Her heart flutters— no heart trou- <»
*** ble> purely a functional derangement as in •»
'^ S^Jft^^J&HS&lf "sure 3. The stomach is rebellious, gets sas «¦
* tlnßnpßilsrai tor! or sour ' or Dloatpd - as in figure 4. Then the ?
* Erejyjrflfci -^fs* ramj liver becomes inactive, docs not do it=* work ?»
<$> KffllafsKi'^S iIK regularly, is sluggish, as In figure 5. <*
1 §|if7sfP? >~£?^BR These conditions are easily relieved by HUD- <•>
"¦¦ fUr * \ -/"^ "-^H VAX - Why? For tho reason that HUDYAN -»
'-' g|j> > \7*3\ VQ dissolves In the stomach, causes an active <*>
* W&h >d.^» ' v 3l now of d 'S« tiv < > fluids, which passes into tha <s>
'* HsM \-SS^a Intestines, converting thr> food into strength- ,4,
A> Wa^St^JS&^t givlnK elements -
••¦ E»^^KSfa^Sa"^ Ymi feel comfortable as soon r.s HUDYAX
'^ -^ «V&V$Cf >fl begins to do its intended work. You need not
'* ltf^rs&&3t be alarmecl ab(> ut the heart, Th??e flutter- '*
* i%{vsßs«Ss<3^} InKS ar ° dU? towisur* of * as - The bloated *
* ' rM^Wl'ilj' stomach presses upon tho heart. A* soon as '*
<» '' V^SS&ra'ift the Ros passes Into thp lower intestines, the *
.;. S^S^Tj^S&^S flutterings are stopped. <3>
* B(s%o2£&£l Take HUDYAN if your stomach Is weak *
•> *kV^%«s?flf?a Tak " HUDyAN if your nerves are on cat*
* fifiS^roSaSra When yy ° U fPeI Hk ° nyir '" away nr breaking ?
" N I^m£lffiK3v| !- tO a lOUd lausht or irrltab^. you need HUD* *>
'y WJ§K£sf!£JmK ?, et iU HUDYAN d"es relieve. It ?
A jL^^WlwMi ° UrCS- 3 cured hun dreds of nervous Irri- ?
IT» (jKrW^VQa jS table women. -.1." — • »-,- >^
t 'SStoS^^bShl HUDYAN can be had at your drusr store, or *
«4ra£i^Wsraitfl direct from HUDYAX REMEDY ro Or
'-¦ P a <*age fives result: 6 packages frequently 4
*¦¦ CUre; sOc for one Package. $2.50 for six pack- I
& jy- * ages— ask your druggist for HU.DYAN
I HUDYAN REMEDY CO. :
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, San Franclsoo' c«! *
* YOU'RE RIGHT-You^lay Consult HUDYAN Dolors s?£ Men or !
... ; . ' Women May Call or Write. ; ?
SAMPSON PRAISED BY
BRITISH NAVAL EXPERT
Attacks Upon the American Admiral
Denounced as Unjust and
Cruel.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— 1n an account of the
Spanish-American naval campaign just
Issued W. 11. Wilson, a well-known naval
authority, writes: : •
"As an Englishman who will hardly be
accused of any political bias on American
affairs, I cannot refrain from expressing
surprise at the unjust and cruel attacks
which have been made by the American
press upon Admiral Sampson, or from ex
pressing admiration for the dignity, self
restraint and nobility of heart with which
he has borne himself under them."
Continuing, he says: "To Englishmen
his ceaseless vigilance, wise disposition,
accurate judgment and courage seem to
have deserved another recompense."
Throughout the book Mr. Wilson speaks
In the highest terms of the American
navy, retracting many criticisms which
appeared In his articles in American
magazines.
NONAGENARIANS TO
CELEBRATE IN ROME
Will Honor the Entrance of the Pope
Into His Ninetieth
Year.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— A Journal spe
cial from Rome says: The entrance of
Pope Leo XIII upon his ninetieth year
will bo the occasion of special cele
brations, which are now being organized
In Rome by tho principal Catholic socie
ties. Doubtless the 600 nonagenarians,
who have already joined In preparation
address as proposed by the Puttat, will be
considerably Increased. One nonagena
rian hopes .to approach the sacraments
on this occasion for the first time for
more than half a century.
Settling an Old Claim.
COVELO, Jan. 20.— The Indian depreda
tion claim of C. H. Eberlo vs. The United
States Government Is engrossing £he at
tention of the oldest .citizens of Round
Valley. Many of them have been sum
moned to testify before United States
Government Claim Adjuster Spooner, who
is here to, investigate the case. Early in
the sixties a hostile. tribe of Indians de
stroyed valuable property, consisting of
tho buildings and stock of Eberle. who has
been peralstlngly pushing the case before
the Washington authorities. ' There is now.
every one wishing to serve In the war
must go to South Africa at his own ex
pense ;ind risk.
WILLIAM AND THE MINES.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— 1 have heard a curi
ous story which may not bo true, but It
goes that the Kmperlor of Germany has
large Interests in Transvaal mines and
that he has Invested the fortunes of his
younger sons in such shares and that this
was done before the Jameson raid.
MULES FOR THE BRITISH.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 20. -The- British
ship Corintha cleared to-day for Cape
Town with 1400 mules for the British Gov
ernment; also a large quantity of feed
stuffs.
ORGANIZED TO WORK
FOR SOUND MONEY
National Commercial and Industrial
League Will Take the Place
of McKinley Clubs.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— The Illinois State
organization of the National Commercial
and Industrial League was perfected to
day. The league is a political organiza
tion in the interest of "sound money" and
a protective tariff. It believes in the prin
ciples of the Republican party, its ability
to deal with trusts, currency and other
questions; indorses the administration of
President McKinley; believes In the ex
pansion of trade and the establishment by
Congress of a department ot commerce
and industries.
It Is intended by the projectors that this
organization take the place of McKinley
clubs organized in lS3t>. It will publish a
monthly magazine, commencing with Feb
ruary 1. 1900, entitled American Commerce
and Industries. .
Consular reform will he advocated, anl
there will be a department devoted to
commercial travelers.
The officers of the Illinois division are:
Alonzo Wygant. president: Alexander H.
Revell, lirst vice president: Hon. George
K. Adams, second vice president: William
J. Chalmers, fourth vice president. Klcl
ridge C. Keith, treasurer; F. F. Hatch,
assistant treasurer.
COLLEGES CONSOLIDATED.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Barnard College
and Columbia University are now really
under one government, with President
Seth Low at the head. President Low
made the announcement to-day at the
meeting of the New York Wellesley Club.
He said that his appointment was made
by the concurrent action of the board of
trustees. This means that as president
of Barnard he accepts the same responsi
bilities for Barnard as for Columbia and
that graduates of Barnard may now be
come students of the university.
Mohler Will Not It-Retire.
PORTLAND, Jan. 20.— A. L. llohler.
president of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company, to-day positively
denied the statement from St. Paul that
he will retire from the Oregon road to ac
cept the presidency of the Kansas City.
Pittsburg and Gulf. Mr. Mohler said:
"There is no truth whatever in the report
I have been slated for the presidency of
the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf, or
any other road."
SOME PATRIOTIC BRITONS.
Colonel Bir Howard Vincent, commander of the Queen's Westminster
Volunteers, goes to the front unattached. He was selected to command the
London- Imperial contingent, but rejected by the medical staff.
Lord Strathcona will raise, equip and maintain at the front during the
war a corps of 200 Canadian "Rough Riders." The cost is estimated at a
million dollars.
tary power of exclusion? Will It declare It
self defenseless and ridiculous?
Nor are those who assert that expulsion Is
the remedy necessarily barred from voting for
the resolution declaring the scat vacant. He
must Indeed, be technical and narrow In his
construction of the constitution who will not
admit that. If a vote to declare the seat vacant
is sustained by a two-thinls majority, the con
stitution is substantially complied with. He
may not agree with the committee that a mere
majority can exclude, but he can reserve the
right to make the point of order that the reso
lution is not carried it" two-thirds do not vote
for it.
If the House takes tho action which the
minority of the committee Insists It ought to
take, It will, for the first time in Its history,
part with a most beneficent power which it has
often exercised— a power that ought rarely to
be exercised, but which the House has never
declared It did not possess.
Mindful of the gravity of the question and
realizing the responsibility Imposed upon us,
we recommend the adoption of the following
resolution:
"Resolved, That under the facts and circum
stances of this caye, Brigham 11. Roberts,
Representative-elect from the State of Utah,
ought not to have or hold a seat In the House
of Representatives and the seat to which he
was elected is hereby declared vacant."
ROBERT W. TAYLER,
CHARLES B. LANDIS,
PAGE MORRIS.
SMITH MACPHERSON.
SAMUEL W. L. LANHAM,
•ROBERT W. MIERS.
The full report of the committee elab
orates the summaries, and in some parts
uses strong language against Roberts.
As to his plural marriages it says:
Prior to JSB2 It. H. Roberts had married one
Louisa Smith. She has borne him' six children
and is still living.
About ISS3, when Utah was fairly ringing
with the blows of the Edmunds act of ISSJ;
while numerous prosecutions were going on,
and after the Supremo Court had passed upon
the validity of the act; ¦ when the • American
people supposed that polygamy had received Its
deathblow; when no man of the many whose
cases went to the United States Supreme
Court pretended the provisions against polyga
mous marriages were invalid— with all these
facts instantly before him, Urisham H. Rob
erts took another wife— his first polygamous
wife, Celia Dibble by name, who in the follow
ing twelve years bore him six children.
This second wife he married in defiance of
the Edmunds law. He spat upon the law; he
declared by his act that he recognized no bind
ing rule upon him of a law of Congress. The
Congress of tho United States was to him an
object of contempt. The Supreme Court of the
United States might declare the law for others,
but not for him. He laughed at its futile de
crees and spurned its admonitions. The execu
tive which had declared in solemn messages its
gratification that polygamy seemed gone forever
he defied and despised. Ot what consequence
to him were laws of Congress and declarations,
of the highest court and proclamations of the
President, In his sensual interpretation of a
sensual doctrine?
And all the time the Edmunds law declared
not only polygamy but cohabitation with more
than one woman unlawful. Roberts not only
blgamously married a second wife, but he per
sisted In violating and defiantly trampling un
der foot every other provision of the act.
But he had not yet sufficiently proclaimed his
utter contempt for the Supreme Court, for Con
gress ar.d its most solemn enactments. A few
years later he took a third wife.
From the time of his second marriage to the
third he cohabited with two women. From the
<*ate of his third marriage down to his elec
tion, and, we doubt not, to the present time,
he has been cohabiting with three women.
A% recently as December 6, 1599, he defined
his position as follows:
"These \v»men have stood by me. They ar«
pood and true women. The law has said I shall
part from them. My church has bowed to tha
command of Congress and relinquished the
practice of plural marriages. But the law can
not free me from obligations assumed before it
spoke. No power can do that. Even were the
church that sanctioned these marriages and
performed the ceremonies to turn its back upon
us and say the marriages are not valid now
and that 1 must give these good and loyal
women up. I'll be damned If I would." ¦
In this statement he adheres to the audacious
assumption that the law of ISB2 did not speak
to him and that he did not recognise It aj»
a rule of conduct to him. We assert before the
House, the country and history that It Is ab
solutely and imDregnably sound, not to be
effectively attacked, consonant with every leg
islative precedent. In harmony with the law
and with the text books on the subject.
Brigham 11. Roberts' persistent, notorlou»
and defiant violation of one of the most sol
emn acts ever passed by Congress, by the very
body which he seeks now to enter, on the
theory that he is above the law, and his de
fiant violations of the laws of his own State,
necessarily render him ineligible, disqualified,
unfit and unworthy to be a member of the
House of Representatives. And this proposi
tion is asserted not so much for reasons per
sonal to the membership of the House as be
cause it goes to the very Integrity of the House
and the republic as such.
The minority report says
The undersigned members of the special
committee appointed to investigate and report
on the prima facie and final right of Brigham
H. Roberts to a Beat In the House as the Rep
resentative from Utah, being unable to agree
with the conclusions of the committee as v
the constitutional questions Involved, very re
spectfully submit our views.
Assuming that Mr. Roberts had been and
1b now a polygamlst, unlawfully cohabiting
with plural wives, and that the House of Rep
resentatives Is for that reason of the opinion
that he ought not to be a member thereof,
what course should It rightfully pursue under
the constitution, the supreme law of the land
exclude him. or expel him? If he is to be ex
cluded It must be because he is for such rea
son legally Ineligible or disqualified. The pur
pose is to consider the question of constitu
tional right, not of power, as It is conceded
that the House has the power to exclude, with
or without reason, right or wrong. The exer-
else of such a, power without constitutional
warrant would simply be brute force, a tyran
nous exercise of power unrevjewabla by any
tribunal, .i.
After citing the constitutional provision
as to the qualifications of a Representa
tive in Congress the report proceeds:
Is It seriously contended that this House can
of Its own motion, by its own Independent ac
tion, create for the purposes of this case a
legal disqualification? This House alone can
not make or unmake the law of the land. It
is quite clear that the House by its Independ
ent action cannot If It would make for this
case any disqualifying regulations that would
have the force of law.
.The report then extensively reviews the
law and precedents bearing on the case.
I he mai.n heads are as follows;
First— lt Is a grave question as to whether
Congress can by a law duly enacted add to
the qualifications negatively stated In the con
stitution. There Is no decision of the United
States Supreme Court directly or indirectly
construing this provision. There Is no decision
of any State court directly In point.
Second— lf the right to decide a disqualifica
tion. b>- law is assumed,- the disqualification
imposed by the Edmunds act does not apply
to a member of Congress, and therefore does
n<st affect Mr. Roberts. The only portion of the
section that can be said to have any applica
tion to a member of the House of Representa
tives Is that which declares that no polygamigt.
etc., shall he . entitled to hold any ottlce or
place of public trust, honor, or emolument un
der the United States. Unless a member of
the House holds an office "under the United
Slates", within the meaning of the constitution
ar.d the law there is no disqualification.
Continuing, the report says:
This House, by its independent action, can
not make law for any purpose. The adding by
Hi;* House, acting alone, of a qualification not
established by law would not only be a viola
tion of the constitution and the law. but It
would establish a most dangerous precedent,
which could hardly fail to return to plaguo
the inventor.
You might feel that the grave moral and so
cial aspects of this case allowed you to —
"Wrest once the law to your authority.
To do a great right, do a little wrong."
But what warrant have you, when the har
riers of the constitution are once broken down,
that there may not come after us a House with
other standards of morality ami propriety,
which will create other qualifications with no
rightful. foundation, that, in the heat and un
reason of partisan contest— since there will be
no definite standard by which to determine the
existence of qualifications— will add any
thing that may be necessary to accomplish
the desired result? Exigency will determine
the sufficiency. It would no longer be a gov
ernment of laws, but of men. To thus depart
from the constitution and substitute force for
law is to embark upon a trackless sea, with
out chart or compass, with llmost a certainty
of direful shipwreck.
The report concludes as follows
A small partisan majority might render the
desire to arbitrarily exclude by a majority
vote In order to more securely Intrench itself
In power irresistible. Hence Its exercise is
controlled by legal rules. In case of expulsion,
when the requisite two-thirds can be had, the
motive for the exercise of arbitrary power no
longer exists, as a two-thirds partisan major
ity is sufficient for every purpose. Hence ex
pulsion has been safely left in the discretion
of the House and the safety of the members
does not need the protection of legal rules.
It seems to us settled upon reason and au
thority that the power of the House to expel
Is unlimited and that the legal propositions in
volved may be thus fairly summarized:
The power of exclusion Is a matter of law,
to be exercised by a majority vote. In accord
ance with legal principles, and exists only
where a member-elect lacks some of the quali
fications required by the constitution. The
power of expulsion Is made by the constitution
purely a matter of discretfon, to be exercised
by a two-thirds vote, fairly. Intelligently, con
scientiously, with a due regard to propriety
and the honor and integrity of the House, and
the rights of the individual member. For the
abuse of this discretion we are responsible only
to our constituents, our consciences and our
God. ¦'-'* ..;¦•¦
We believe that Mr. Roberts has the legal
constitutional right to be sworn in as a mem
ber, but the facts are such that we further
believe the House, In the exercise of Its dis
cretion, is not only justified but required by
every proper consideration Involved to expel
him promptly after he becomes a member.
We recommend the following as & substitute
for the resolution proposed by the committee:
•"Resolved, That Brigham H. Roberts, hav
ing been duly elected a Representative In the
Fifty-sixth Congress from the State of Utah,
with the qualifications requisite for admission
to the House as such, is entitled by constitu
tional right to take the oath of office pre
scribed for members-elect, his status as a
polygamlst, unlawfully cohabiting with plural
wives, affording constitutional ground for ex
pulsion, but not for exclusion from the House."
And If the House shall hold with us and
swear In Mr. Roberts asa member we shall, as
Boon as recognition can be had. offer a resolu
tion to expel him as a polygamlst, unlawfully
cohabiting with plural wives.
C. K. I,ITTI.EFIEL,n,
DAVID A. PK ARMOND.
When the House met to-day Tayler of
Ohio, chairman of the special committee
to investigate the case of Representative
elect B. H. Roberts, presented the ma
jority report in favor of the exclusion of
Roberts, and gave notice that he would
call the case up on Tuesday. IJttletleld
of Maine presented the minority report
in favor Of seating Roberts and then ex
pelling him. The minority report was
signed by Littlefleld (R.) and De Armond
Five thousand copies of the reports were
ordered printed for general distribution.
Roberts was In his seat during these pro
ceedings, but made no effort to address
the House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— Reports of the
special committee of investigation in the
case of Brigham H. Roberts of Utah were
presented to the House to-day. The ma
jority report, signed by Chairman Tayler
and six of his associates. Is a voluminous
document and is accompanied by a sum
mary of the law and facts. It gives the
details of the hearings, the ample oppor
tunities afforded to Mr. Roberts to pre
sent his case, his refusal to testify and the
unanimous finding of facts, heretofore
published. It proceeds:
The committee is unanimous In the belief that
Mr. Roberts ought not to remain v. member »f
the House of Representatives. A majority is of
the opinion that he ought not to be permitted
to btcome a member: that the House has the
light lv exclude him. A minority Is of the
opinion that the proper course of procedure Is
to permit him to be sworn in and then to ex
pel him by a two-thirds vote under the con
stitutional provision providing for expulsion.
Your committee desires to assert with the
utmost positiveness at this point that not only
Is the proposition of expulsion as applied to this
case aKßinst precedent, but that exclusion is
entirely in accord with principle, authority and
legislative precedent and not antagonistic to
any legislative action which the House of
Representatives has ever taken.
For convenience we present herewith, before
proceeding to extended argument in support of
the committee's resolution, the following sum
mary:
Upon the facts stated the majority of the
committee asserts that the claimant ought not
to be permitted to take a seat In the House of
Representatives and that the seat to which he
was elected ought to be declared vacant.
The minority on the other hand asserts that
he ought to be sworn in in order that, if hap
pily a two-thirds vote therefor be obtained, he
may be expelled.
Three distinct grounds of disqualification are
asserted acalnst Mr. Roberts:
1. By reason of his violation of the Edmunds
law.
2. By reason of his notorious and defiant vio
lation of the law of the land, of the decisions
of the Supreme Court and of the proclamations
of the Presidents, holding himself above the law
and not untenable to it.
No government could possibly exist In the
face of such practices. He Is In open war
against the laws-arid institutions of the coun
try, whose Congress he seeks to enter. Such
an idea is Intolerable. It Is upon the principle
asserted in this ground that all cases or ex
clusion have been based.
3. His election as Representative Is an ex
plicit end offensive violation of the understand
ing by which Utah was admitted as a State.
The objection Is made to the refusal to admit
Roberts that the constitution excludes the idea
that any objection can be made to his coming in
if he is 25 years old. If he has been seven years
a citizen of the United States and was an in
habitant of Utah when elected, no matter how
odious or treasonable or criminal may have
been his life and practices. To this We reply:
1. That the language of the constitutional
provision, the history of Its framing in the con
stitutional convention and its context clearly
show that It cannot be construed to prevent dis
qualification for crime.
2. That the overwhelming authority of text
book writers on the constitution Is to the effect
that such disqualification may be imposed by
the House, and no commentator on the consti
tution specifically denies It.
3. The courts of several of the States In con
struing analogous provisions have with prac
tical unanimity declared against such a nar
row construction of such constitutional pro
visions.
4. The House of Representatives has never
denied that it had the right to exclude a mem
ber-elect, even when he possessed the three
constitutional provisions.
5. In many Instances It has distinctly as
rerted its rights so to do in cases of disloyalty
End crime.
6. It passed In ISC2 the test oath act. which
Imposed a real and substantial disqualification
for membership in Congress, disqualifying hun
dreds of thousands of American citizens. This
law remained in force for twenty years, and
thousands of members of Congress were com
pelled to take the oath It required.
7. The House In IS6J adopted a general rule
of order, providing that no person should be
sworn In as a member acalnst whom the ob
jection was made that- he was not entitled to
take the test oath, and if. on Investigation,
fuch fact appeared he was to be permanently
debarred from entrance.
8. The interesting proposition Is made that
the claimant be sworn in and then turned out.
I'ppn the theory that the purpose is to per
manently part company with Koberts. this. ls
a dubious proceeding. Such action requires
the vote of two-thirds of the members. We
ask If such a vote Is possible or right. In view
of the following observations:
The expulsion clause of the constitution Is
as follows:
"Each House may determine the rules of
Its proceedings, punish Its members for dis
orderly behavior and, with the concurrence ot
two-thirds, expel a member."
No lawyer can read that provision without
raising in his own mind the question whether
the House has any power to expel, except for
some raure relating: to the context. The ablest
lawyers from the beginning of the republic
have so Insisted, and their reasoning has been
so cogent that these propositions are estab
lished, namely:
I. Neither House of Congress has ever ex
pelled h member for acts unrelated to him as
a member or inconsistent with his public duty
as such.
2. Both Houses have many times refused to
expel where the guilt of the member was ap
parent, where the refusal to expel was put
upon the ground that the House or Senate, as
the case might be. had no riirht to expel for
an act unrelated to the member as such, or
because It was committed prior to his election.
The report concludes as follows
If there is any fact apparent in this case.
It Is that the constituents of Mr. Roberts knew
all about him before his election. Can there
he room to doubt the proper action of the
House? Is it prepared to yield up this salu-
SPECIAL COMMITTEE REPORTS .
IN FAVOR OF BARRING ROBERTS
Majority Declares for His. Exclusion From tlie House of Repre
sentatives, While the Minority Asks That He Be Given
illS b63it JUKI I H6II Mp6ll6(L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
AUTHORIZED BY CLARK
TO PURCHASE A VOTE
Witness Says He Was Told to Pay Ten
Thousand Dollars to a Member of
the Montana Legislature.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The lnvestiga- |
tion by the Committee on Elections and
Privileges Into the allegations of bribery
against Senator Clark was resumed to
day. T. F. Norrnolle. a bookkeeper of
Butte, was first called. He was a mem
ber of the last Legislature. He testified
that within a week after his election he
was approached with an indirect offer of
a large sum for his vote for Clark. It
was said to him that he could get from
$15,000 to $20,000 for his vote and perhaps
enough to make him a snug fortune if he
would merely absent himself from the
Legislature at the time of the voting for
United States Senator. When the Legis
lature convened a man had approached
him and asked him. lf he propseU to make
a "sucker" of himself and not get any
thing out of the election. Finally, he said.
Just before the election, he was offered
»12,500 for his vote for Clark, the sum to
ba placed in the hands of some disinter
ested person.
At tnis point Chairman Chandler said
that John f. Murphy of Butte. one of the
men who. it is claimed, had approached
Normoile, had come to Washington by re
quest to testify in the case. He left im
mediately after a subpena had been issued
for him.
"Search has been made for him in vain."
said "Senator Chandler, "and the assist
ance of the newspapers is solicited to as
certain his whereabouts."
In response to a statement from Faulk
ner. Clark's leading attorney, that he
knew nothing of Murphy, Senator Chan
dler replied:
"1 thought he might accidentally let you
know his whereabouts."
Faulkner— l'll let you know if he does.
Chandler— No doubt the newspaper men
will find him in two or three days.
On cross-examination Normoile said he
was a Democrat. He was employed and
had been since the Legislature adjourned,
by the Anaconda Company. He voted for
Conrad for United States Senator from
first to last. He said that to the proposi
tion of 512.000 for his vote, he had said
that he would think it over. As to the
$10,000 proposition he had replied. "That
is very little for a man to sell himself
for."
At the conclusion of Normoile's testi
mony Cason. one of yesterdays witnessed,
was recalled for cross-examination by
Faulkner. He admitted that he had gone
to W. A. Clark's office in November, soon
after the election, to talk with him about
the election of a United States Senator.
He explained why he had gone to see
Clark, saying that generally the Repub
licans were favorable to Clark and that
he thought there was a chance to elect
him. In the interviews he had with Clark
in November he had indicated his beliet
that Marcyes. Representative-elect from
Custer County, might be induced to vote
for Clark, but that he said no approach
to corruption with reference to Marcyes
was made at these interviews.
Cason then was examined as to an in-
terview with W. A. Clark, held in the lat
ter's room just before the election of So:>
ator. He declared that Clark had asked
him to see Representative Mareyea. zs
the. witness could handle him better than
any one else. Cason said Clark na>l
authorized him to pay $10.fW to Repre
sentative Marcyes. the authorization be
ing given him in a whisper and by hold
ing up thp fingers and thumbs of rv.tn
hands. Subsequently he had learned that
Marcyes was favorable to Clark anyhow,
and he made no offer of money to him.
Cason. aftt-r admitting that he received
S5OO from Senator Clark for his icnrtcea,
paid that Clark did not have the reputa
tion In Butte of being a liberal payer.
In response to an inriuiry of Faulkner
as to how many written statements he
bad m;ule concerning this rase. I'asnn
replied that he had made one to liooth.
an attorney of Butte. a Daly Democrat,
and the one to which he had testified to
yesterday. In conversation with Booth he
he had told him some time last summer
that he did not want to testify in th^
case. Subsequently he had given Booth
a written statement, accompanied by the
letters hearing upon the case. He denie<l
receiving any consideration f^r the ¦writ
ten statement beyond the promise that
he would not be called as a witness. He
added that he knew the statement could
not be used as evidence. He said that,
in his opinion, the matter contained in the
two statements was "too good to keep."
and that he had been betrayed by both
Booth and Root. Ho denied having re
ceived any consideration for the testi
mony which he delivered in the Wellcome
disbarment proceedings.
A letter of Cason to Root, in which the
former held the latter responsible for
making public his written statement.
which was to be held as sacred between
them, was offered in evidence. In th~ let
ter Cason declared his Intention of mak
ing a clean breast of the whole trans:ic
tlon, and accused Root of violating bis
rath as an Odd Fellow in betraying him
(Cason).
In another letter Cason reiterated the
statements made in the Root letter, de
claring that Clark had said he would hoM
his seat in the Senate if it cost him $I.•**>.
000. On redirect examination <'ason tola
how Root had given him $1500 to leave
Butte and keep away from the service or
a subpena of the State committee.
At the conclusion of the examination
of Cason counsel for the contestants an
nounced that they had no other testi
mony to offer until certain letters sent for
by the flefer.se had arrived. Faulkr.er s:il<t
the letters, although on the way fro»n
Butte. had not arrived.
In response to an inquiry from Chair
mar. Chandler as to whether or not be
was prepared to proceed with the de
fense. Faulkner replied that he was not,
and could scarcely in fairness b» expect
ed to put on his witnesses until the con
testants had rested.
After some discussion an adjournment
was taken until Monday morning: next at
10:13.
Coming to San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Jan. 20.— W. O. Edens. su
perintendent of the free mall delivery sys
tem for the Western States, left to-day
for a tour of the principal cities in the
West. His first stop will be at Denver,
where he will look into the free delivery
Eysteni with a view to improving it. He
will go as far as San Francisco.
14Write to-day for his de-
scriptive book or con-
sult him at his office.
NO CHARGE.
Call at my office for free consultation or write for my little
book, "THREE CHA.SSES OF MEN," which explains my
method of overcoming weakness. For thirty years I have
made a close study of diseases of men which result from
youthful errors or later excesses. I treat l _-__ l^.
Weak Men
By pouring into their systems a great stream of nature's
restorer — ELECTRICITY. lam the inventor of the famous
Dr. Sanden
Electric Belt,
SANTA FE LINE
WILL ENTER CITY
IN MAY NEXT
Company Now Buy
ing Rolling Stock.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
LOS ANGKLES. Jan. 20. -The Santa Fe
road, in anticipation of opening its new
line into San Francisco about May 1, is
acquiring all the needed rolling stock.
This equipment will be used also on the
other lines of the system in California.
The first installment of twenty locomo
tives for use on the Santa Fe Pacific will
reach here by February 1. These weigh
150,000 pounds each, are coal burners and
will be used for freight purposes on the
mountain divisions.
In view of consolidation of the com
pany's lines in the State the equipment Is
being marked with the new name. This
new order of things will take in the Santa
Be Pacitic, Southern California lines and
San Francisco and San Joaquin lines
While each will carry its distinctive name
the words Sanla Fe will in addition bo
prominent.
So far as the formal opening of the line
Into San Francisco is concerned. May l
has now been set as the date for that
event, that is providing there are no fur
ther heavy rains in the northern part of
the State and the supplies of iron needed
for the completion of the line arrive in
good season.
WON TO BE
BURIED WITH
MILITARY POMP
?
Merritt Will Com
mand the Escort.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 30. -According to
arrangements already made by the War
Department the remains of Major Gen
eral Henry W. Lawton. U. S. V.. who
killed at San Matto. Luzon, December 12
last, will be interred in the National
Cemetery with full military honors the
day after they reach this city.
Previous to the interment the troops to
compose the funeral escort, which will
consist of one regiment of Infantry, one
regiment of foot artillery, a squadron of
cavalry and two mounted batteries of ar
tillery, will be assembled in the city to
escort the remains from the church where
the funeral religious services are to be
held t<> the cemetery.
Major General Wesley Merritt, com
manding th*> Department of the East, has
been charged %ith the execution of these
orders. General Merritt has been formal
»>' opslgrnated to command the escort.
The remains of General Lawton are on
tne troopsnip Thomas and are expected
to arrive at San Francisco about .Febru
ary l. Mrs. Lawton is a passenger on
that vessel, and the final arrangements
for the funeral will not be made until the
authorities at Washington have ascer
tained her wishes. It is settled, however,
that the body will be brought to Wash
ington on a special train in charge of
Major General Shafter, who will be ac
companied by an aid. The itinerary of
THE struggle for the Turf Congress
stakes, decided at Tanforan Park
yesterday, was one that will be re
membered in California turf his-
Tory for years to come. Five
thousand excited spectators saw Ban
nockburn, the mighty brown son of Hay
den Edwards, lower the coast record of
l:3?Vi. made by Vinctor in IS3S, to 1:39 fiat.
Xot only this, but he caused Geyser, the
pet and pride of the Corrigan stable, to
strike his colors and acknowledge defeat.
From every standpoint the performance
of Bannockburn excels any other ever
run at the distance in this country.
When Libertine made his world's record
of 1.3? s i at Chicago in 1594 he carried but
ninety pounds, while in yesterday's race
the winner under the conditions of the
stake, picked up his entitled weights, 124
pounds.
So great was the interest displayed In
th* big event that little attention was
paid by the crowd to the first three para
graphs of the sport. Diomed. F. \V. Brode
RECORD BREAKER, HIS OWNER AND VICTORIOUS PILOT.
and Anjou wore withdrawn, leaving nine
to face the issue. The fourteen bookmak
ers were kept busy passing out paste
boards on the Corrigan pair. Geyser and
Sardine, at odds of G to 5. It was cur
rently reported before bugle call summon
ing the horses that the stable folks said
the winner would have to step below l:3y
to beat Bannockburn. still his price went
from 3 to 4. The Shields duo, Zoroaster
and Advance Guard, came in for steady
support, but Bendoran and his stable
mate, the dainty Flush of Gold, were only
nibbled at. Yellowtail warmed up so well
that he caught the fancy of many an on
looker. Olinthus was the outsider.
At the post little time was consumed,
Caldwell releasing the barrier to a very
good start. Almost at the commencement
Vittltoc, on Sardine, was cut off and
Spencer, astride Geyser, managed to get
bumped a bit later. As predicted, Jones
went for the lead with Yellowtail. fol
lowed by Bendoran, the pair rattling off
the first half in :4S*{.. Bullman had hus
tled Bannockburn up from behind, at this
stage laying third. Bendoran snapped
first and as the stretch was reached Ban
nockburn had dethroned Yellowtail as
leader, while Spencer, gliding along next
the rail with Geyser, showed in third po
sition, watches clicking the six furlongs
in 1:13%: Then ensued a memorable drive
to the wire. Turning for a second in the
saddle a furlong from the stand Bullman
saw a flash of green and realized that the
critical time had arrived. Digging his
heels into the sides of the brown horse
he forged ahead, and at the paddock "Ice
man" Spencer "pulled his bat" on Geyser.
Then the frenzied crowd began shouting
"Bannockburn! Bannockburn!" and amid
a mighty roar, the echo of which could be
heard in the peaceful foothills, the Schrei-
ing, and that was the start in the final
event. Corrigan's Maxello, carrying a
heavy commission, got away "lengths
ahead of his field, to about the worst start
ever seen on the local course.
Driving furiously at the closp, Schreib
er's smart filly Kingstelle. a 3 to 2 favor
ite, downed M. F. Tarpey a neck for the
opening two-year-old scramble. The win
ner, a saucy bit of racing hardware, step
ped off the three and a half furlongs in
:42 seconds.
Daisy F, also a pronounced choice, gal
loped her Meld to a standstill in the mile
and a half selling run. Topmast took the
place from the wretchedly ridden Chi
mura.
I- or th^ six furlong sprint next decided
S y and Ben Ledl indulged in a highly in
vigorating drive, the former earning the
verdict by a nose. Ben Led! made all the
running-, only to be nipped out the last
few strides. Wyoming, coming fast,
snatched the show from Good Hope
Starting a 9 to 10 chance, Scotch Plaid
with Jenkins up had only to gallop In the
mile selling run. Montallade made quite
a bid for the purse, beating Red Pirate
three lengths for place honors.
It was not a pleasant reception Mr
Caldwell received as he returned to the
stand after dispatching tlie last field. He
allowed Corrigan's Maxello to slip away
by himself, with most of the others
standing at the post. The crowd dis
played its displeasure by hoots and
jeers. The start should have been pro
tested, as Caldwell did not release the
barrier, and under the "no recall" sys
tem it would be interesting to many to
know what really constitutes a start.
Other people besides Corrigan bet their
money, and even if they are "Native
Sons" are entitled to a run for the same.
Ap^Msßli^s^sp^^
AT BOTH STORES.
Reduced Prices on Desirable Goods V/harj the Assortments Are Broken.
DRESS SILKS
SATIN* STRIPED TAFFETA DRESS SILK of a nupertor quality, good colorings,
very desirable styles for waists; regular $1 00 grad»; special price at 05c
REMNANTS OF FANCY DRESS SILKS.
Good colcrincs and styles; former prices were Tie and Sic; sa'.s price now SOo
BLACK SILK REMNANTS.
Suitable for waists and skirts at ono-third less than regular prtoo
Remnants of Laces, Dress Trimmings. Veilings, Ribbons, etc.,
at greatly reduced prices.
HOSIERY SPECIAL.
MISSES' HERMSIxmF BLACK TUBBED HOSE. tmDorted quality: r««ral*r So
grade; sizes 6to 8- 2 ; special price 130 per pair
MISSES* LISLE THREAD DOUBLE SOLE AND KNEE HOSE.
Fast black; regular 50c grade; sizes 5 to ?'i; special price — ....230
ON SALE AT BOTH STOKES.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
ber colors flashed past the wire less than
a length before the game but tired.Gey
ser. Fighting it out to the last sturdy lit
tle Zoroaster tugged and panted under his
116 pounds, finishing third, close at Gey
ser's heels, with his stable mate, the three
year-old Advance Guard, by his side.
When the time was announced Bullman
and Bannockburn received a tremendous
ovation, as horse and rider returned to
the charmed whitewash circle. While
mopping the beads of perspiration from
his forehead. Owner Barney Schreiber
was congratulated on all sides. The gross
value of the stake was $2345, of which $300
to recond and $150 to third horse.
Favorites In the betting put in a very
pleasant afternoon of it. capturing five
purses. Only one thing marred the rac-
DESERTED HIS
WIFE IN HEW YORK
Strange Action of Walter
Laidler.
POLICE ARE INVESTIGATING
PROS ABLY ANOTHER WOMAN IN
THE CASE.
Claimed to Have a Splendid Home
in California and Disappeared
on the Eve of Departure
for It.
Special Dlsnatch to The Ca
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Search is being
made for Walter R. Laidler of England
and California, who. after bringing his
wife to this country last Wednesday,
strangely disappeared. He had, shortly
after his marriage in England ten years
ago started to tind his fortune in the
United States. His wife remained in Eng
land and maintained herself on money
which her husband sent her at regular in
tervals.
Three years ago he sent word that he
had at last won In his hard fight for a
competence, and then wrote that he had
lost all his worldly wealth and had to be
gin life over again. He wrote last No
vember to his wife in England that he had
a splendid home for her In California, of
which he forwarded photographs, and two
days after the letter reached England he
came in person. According to me story
told by Mrs. Laidler. her husband had
plenty of money, for he distributed
twenty-dollar gold pieces to her relatives.
They left England on the White Star
liner Oceanic and arrived here last
Wednesday. They went to Smith & Mc-
Neil's Hotel. It had been arranged that
they should spend a week in New York
before departing for their home in Cali
fornia. Mr. Luirller went to the general
postoffice on the day of their arrival,
where he got a bundle of letters. Mrs.
Laidler noticed as they sat at dinner in a
Broadway restaurant shortly afterward
that several of the letters were addressed
in delicate feminine handwriting. She
says that when he reached the third letter
he seemed to be much perturbed.
"What a correspondence." exclaimed
his better half. "From a woman, too:
she must have much to say."
Mrs. Laidler intended this to be merely
a playful reference. She says that hv'V
husband turned white and that his hand
trembled.
They returned to thplr hotel after din
ner. Her husband had a large sum of
money with him, and he asked her to
take some of It. She replied that she
would take some money when she bettc-r
understood the use of American currency
He then went out to see about his bag
gage. He did not return Wednesday
nfght, and Mrs. Laidler paced the hotel
room in a frenzy of excitement. Seabrook
Waddell, cashier of the restaurant, heard
of the misfortune of the woman, and he
took her to his own home in Greenvilie.
N. J. He will notify the police and use
every effort to get a trace of the missing
man.
Inquiry at the White Star pier revealed
the fact that a man answering the de
scription of Mr. Laldlcr. although it
mfght not have been he, got a trunk and
a valise Friday and had them transferred
He gave the name of Brown and markea
the luggage for a town in New Jersey on
the Delaware and Lackawanna Railroad.
He seemed much agitnted and spoke of
meeting a friend at the Barclay street
ferry. Mrs. I>aldler says she and her hud
band never exchanged words in anger.
MOB LYNCHES
TWO BROTHERS
Avenges a Murder in
Kansas.
BREAKS INTO A PRISON
VICTIMS DISPLAY GAMENESS TO
THE LAST.
Elder I«lsn Declares the Other Is
Innocent, but His Statement Is
Not Heeded by the En
raged Citizens.
FORT BCOTT. Kans.. Jan. 20.— George
Eilbee a:*'i IM Merks. half brothers, who
were convicted of murder here earlier in
the ¦»•><-!,. •wore lynched by a mob In tho
county jail yard to-night. At a late hour
their bodies wem dangling from two trees
In the yard, the authorities having been
f-o completely surprised that no effort had
been made to remove the grastly evl-
of t!^e mob's work.
The two men. who hailed from Kansas
City, had bct:i convicted of murder in the
:irst dtu,nc. Their victim was a young
German farmer named L<eopold Kdlinger,
¦whose murder occurred near this city In
October last. The murderers told Ed
lir.gcrs r-iir of mules, one horse and a
•wagon in </. tiar County. Amos Phiiipps,
tn accomplice of the two brothers, was
convicted yesterday of murder in the first
degree. The evidence showed that the
three mo:» belonged to a gang of thieves
¦who had bven regularly disposing of their
plunder in Cedar County.
The lynching \v;i-« the work of a mob
that began gathering in the vicinity of
tr.«= county jaii soon after dark, but the
purpose of the- gathering seems not to
rave been suspected until the jail was
attacked. A barbed wire trocha that had
bt-tn previously built around the jail was
borne dowr:. the heavy dewrs leading to
the prison were battered in, and when the
mob cajne bowling out of the jaij with its
intended victims the interior of the place
looked as if It had been wrecked by Uy-
Jiamite.
Oeorge Siibee, the older of the two
brothers. «lefK-d his captors until the last.
He placed the noose around his own neck
and died cursing the crowd. Just as he
craa jerked Into eternity he turned to his
brother with an oath and commanded him
to "die Ramo." The brother obeyed,
n;a;ntair.ing an outward calm until he was
hauled into the air.
K-fore this tjilbev had shouted to the
ir.ob in defiant tones that he himself shot
Kdlinger and that Amos Philipps struck
l.m on th«- liead with an ax. lie insisted
lirat his broihcr K<i did not participate
::i the crime.
¦;¦.¦ n;ri- and get Philipps," the doomed
man urged. Then, shouting to his tor
menior*. he bade them, witn a curse, to
faring him up. His hatred for the accom
plice. Philipps, was probably due to the
Tact that PriilipT/s. soon after his arrest,
made, a full cuntession of the crime,
though when he was put upon trial he re
pudiated this earlier confession.
i-'.i Meeka w;is equally fearless in the
hand? of the mob. but he did not manifest
the spirit of bravado thown by his broth
er, riis last words were: "Hang me if
you will, but 1 did not help kill Ldlinger.
«;<orpc- thot him and Philipps struck nim
Vtitb an ax. I did— '¦
The doomea mm. got no farther in his
Matement. tor tour or live men had him
by the fett. others drew the noose around
his neck, throwing the loose end over a
iirab. and in a moment he was strangling
to death.
When finally satisfied with their venge
iir.ee upon the i»u brothers, the loaders
».f the mob went back to the jail In search
of old man Philipps. In the meantime the
jailkeepers had secreted him in a room
in ihr- rear of the structure and when the
lyncbers came hack they were told that
HhUlpps hud b^cn hurried away. After a
brfel search the lynchera seemed satis-
Sed with this explanation and left th»
Focne. thus sparing the life of the third
murderer. Philippe probably will be taken
out of the city. There is some question
is to the old man's sanity.
The direct cause of the lynching was a
vicious attack by Silbee and Meeks upon
Deputy Sheriff Bchmer. when the latter
v.ent bo their cell to-night to inspect the
cap*. Behmer then discovered that the
convicts had sawed the hinges of the cell
door all but off. He entered the cage
to remove the prisoners to another cell,
and as he did so was felled by Silb*»e with
an Iron bar which the prisoners had se
<*r< > ted. Other deputies came to Behmer's
r^P'-ue, and In the scrimmage fired several
shots at the convicts. One bullet took
? ff*-ct In Silbee's leg.
This thooUng attracted a crowd. Wild
Ftorl^s of Iho assault were soon In circu
lation among the crowd which gathered
around the jail and It required only the
few leaders who rame later to incite the
gathering to violence.
After the assault upon Deputy B^hmer.
Silb^e and Mofks tnerc shackled and the
irons were upon them as they were
fwucg to their death.
Office Hours 9 to 6. Sundays 1O to I.
DR. T. A. SANDENS-2&55&28*-
Suspensory Attachment.
The' new suspensory attachment to my Dr. Sanden Electric Belt acts directly upon the pros-
tate glands, bladder, spermatic cord, etc., increasing the flow of blood and toning up all nerves
and muscles which control the surrounding parts. Over 8000 were cured in 1899. There is
no Belt in the world equal to the Sanden. Besides our own exclusive patents, it embodies all fea-
tures worth the having which are found in any Electro-Therapeutic appliance. Write to-day for
my little descriptive book, ''THREE CLASSES OF MEN," sent sealed, free, or drop in and consult
me at my office, where you can see Belt and test current. No charge for consultation.
Now known and used throughout the world. It gives just the right amount of Electricity at tha
proper time. You placa the Belt comfortably around your waist, wearing it nights for two
months. It cures while you sleep. The current flows directly through the weakened parts. You
feel bright and strong and full of vigor.
Brings Back Soldier Dead.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21-Quartermas
ter General Ludington Is Informed that
the transport McClelland arrived from
Santiago at New York with the remain*
of seventy-six soldiers who died from vel
low fever in Santiago province last sum"
mer and spring and a cargo of 375 metal
lic caskets for the Philippines. These
caskets were sent to Santiago when there
was a large force of troops there and are
no longer needed In Cuba..
Pingree Issues a Ukase.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 20.-Governor
Pingree announced to-day that should D
M. Ferry be nominated for Governor by
the next State Republican convention he
will be a candidate for re-election on an
Independent ticket. Pingree declares that
Ferry is not in accord with the taxation
reforms he has worked for for the Dast
few years and bases his objection to him
as a candidate on this fact.
French Claim to West Indies.
PARIS, Jan. 20.— The anti-Government
organ La Patrle charges the Government
with abandoning French prior rights over
the Danish West Indies and says: "Den
mark only dispatched a representative to
negotiate the cession of the Islands to tho
United • States after negotiations with the
French Government, which benevolently
renounced tfio French rights o£ pre-emp
ilnv^}--^. — --^ • ; ;;• ¦ — .. _*.
Without Using Drugs!
MINE WORKERS ASK
FOR INCREASED PAY
Scale Proposition Debated at the
National Convention of
the Union.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Jan. 20.— The
convention of the United Mine Workers
of America to-day voted down two im
portant resolutions. The first provided
tfiat hereafter all national conventions be
held in mining towns: the second was one
sympathizing with the Boers of South
. £i i » A fre e-silver resolution was
tabled. A resolution favoring weekly pay
ment of wages was voted down.
«T he .resolution providing that all United
Mine Workers be compelled to buy only
union-made goods when they are obtain
able, and providing that a line of $1 for
the first violation. $5 for the second and
$10 for the third offense be collected
caused a warm debate. The spirit of the
resolution was accepted, but the part re
lating to fines was tabled.
At 11:30 the cornentlon met In executive
session. Chairman W. D. Ryan of the
scale committee riled his report and the
scale proposition was debated. Ohio min
ers have demanded an increase of 20 cents
per ton, West Virginia 15 cents," Illinois
la cents, Pennsylvania averages 15 cents
Indiana 15 and 20 cents.
John Mitchell denied officially to-day
the report that he is a candidate for th*
position now held by ex-President M. D
Ratchford on the National Industrial
Commission.
DATA FOR. THE CENSUS.
How Manufacturing Statistics Are to
Be Gathered.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— An official
statement has been issued by the Cen
sus Office with reference to the Industrial
census. It is as follows:
The census act provides that the statistics
of manufactures may be collected by enumera
tors or by special agent?, at the discretion of
the director. He may designate certain cities
towns or other manufacturing centers In which
the manufacturing shall be withheld from the
enumerators and placed in the hands of special
agents. A list of such cities and towns has
been prepared, numbering in the aggregate over
1000, and a careful estimate shows that all of
the manufacturing establishments Included in
the localities to be withdrawn from the enumer
ators can be visited and returns from them se
cured within the brief space of thirty days
by the employment of 2000 special agents who
will be paid by the day. The compensation
which it is proposed to allow them is $4 per
day, except In special cases, but it can In no
instance exceed IS.
In the collection of manufacturing statistics
the director proposes to utilize as far as possi
ble the organization created for the general
enumeration by placing the supervisor of cpii
bus of the proper district in charge, by group
ing the localities withdrawn, and by empow
ering the best of the enumerators for an addi
tional month as special agents.
Crowninshield's Western Trip.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— Major Gen
eral Crowninshleld, chief of the Naviga
tion Bureau, will leave Washington on
Monday for San Diego, Cal., under In
structions from Secretary Long to confer
with Admiral Kautz respecting conditions
In Samoa and particularly at Pago-Pago
where the Navy Department la erecting a
coaling station, . ,-ust/: "-w*-*^ — — *~-v- .
means that the system
has been sapped of its
natural Electricity. Dr.
Sanden returns strength
to weak men
LITTLE DANGER HERE
FROM BUBONIC PLAGUE
1 Dr. Wyman Says That Even Were It
Introduced It Could Be Stamped
Out in a Short Time.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— An Interesting
s=:id valuable brochure giving a complete !
history of the bubonic plague, together
vith means which have been adopted for
i:s prevention, has been prepared and j
made public by Surgeon General Wyman j
of the Marine Hospital service.
The opinion is expressed that in the j
light of experience in other parts of the i
xvcrid It teems reasonable to believe that :
even were the disc-ase introduced here its i
*;pread would be very limited in cities j
where the sanitary conditions are good j
er.d where precautions «is to the isolation ¦
at patients and segregation of those px- I
l>o«ed to infection could be practiced. Th«> •'
rf«-ath rate varies in different epidemics |
and is ostimatfd at from M to V) per cent.
There is a variation also according to !
nationalities. Chinese seemingly being the j
most susceptible.
Dr. "YVyman expresses the opinion that i
the quarantine methods of the United !
States h.Tr well adapted to the emergen- I
cics, though the national laws should be ¦
vtrengthoiK-d. In a letter submitting the ;
matter to the Secretary of the Treasury '
he says:
"It should not be forgotten that the i
epidemic is surely though slowly extended I
and for the tirst time in history it has !
Invaded the Western Hemisphere.
•"The necessity therefore of especial vig
ilance has been and is still being im
pressed upon quarantine officers by the
burea.u. and of the utmost importance is
the provision •which should be made by
municipalities, especially those on the
seaboard, to correct immediately unsani
tary conditions, which are now w«ll
known to favor the propagation of Infec
tioo. disease,.-
the train will not be determined until the
wishes of Mrs. Lawton are known. It is
probable that the trip will be so arranged
as to permit the body to lie in state for a
short time at Kort Wayne and Indianap-
IS NOW REGARDED AS
AN EXACT SCIENCE,
Railroad Wins.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 20.— The Supervis
ors to-day denied the petition to revoks
the franchise of the East Santa Cruz
Street Railroad because it failed to run'
to Twin Lakes, a Baptist summer resort,
during the winter.
street and Maple avenue, owned by th<*
heirs of J. J Donovan, was partially de
stroyed by tire thi.s afternoon. The fir*
was caused by the explosion of a gaso
line stove. Loss $Cs«v».
TO COMBAT THE PLAGUE.
Surgeon General Wyman Sends a
Curative to Honolulu.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2\— Surgeon Gen
eral Wyman of the marine hospital ser
vice has dispatched 1300 bottles of haffkln
prophylactic to Honolulu and the tamo
quantity to Manila, This fluid has been
used as a plague preventive in India
and has proved quite effective. Ha also
has s^nt a quantity of curative serum \.o
Honolulu.
King Oscar's Birthday Ball.
STOCKHOLM. Jan. CO.— The ball th!s
evening in celebration of the anniversary
of the birth of King Oscar II wa3 an un
usually brilliant function owing to the
presence of the Crown Prince ami Prin
cess of Denmark. The Americans pre
sented Included William W. Thoma3. tho
I'nited States Minister to Sweden and
Norway, and Mrs. Thomas: United States
Consul Edward D. Wir.slow and Mrs.
Winslow: Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Uv
ermore. T'nited States military attache at
Stockholm; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wlr.s
low. Miss Maude Duryea and Countt-33
Wochtmuster, formerly Miss Hubbeli of
Dcs Moines, lowa.
Stockmen Organize.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. CO.— At a meet-
Ing of representative stock owners held
at Cambria the Cambria Stockmen's Mu
tual Protective Association was organize-!,
with the object of protecting its mem
bers against the depredations of caf.t:>i
thieves and other act 3 of lawlessness.
Alexander Patterson was elected presi
dent.
Dinner to the President.
WASHINGTON, Jan. CO.— The Secretary
of the Treasury and Mrs. Gage enter
tained at a Cabinet dinner to-night in
honor of the President and Mrs. McKln
ley. Covers were laid for twenty.
"HOOT MONS" PLAN
TO HUNT COYOTES
Sacred Soil of the Links Disturbed by
the Profane Paws of the
: Beasts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL., Jan. 20.— The "hoot
mons" of this place are seriously consid
ering the question of leaving their cad
dies and clubs to their own sweet wills
for a day or two and organizing a coyote
hunt*
The troubles of these exclusive "hoot
mons" seem as though they would never
cease. First Butcher Klein's slaughter
hous-e assailed their delicate olfactory
nerve?, and now coyotes have dared to
swoop down on these sacred grounds and
dig holes with profane paws in the sa
cred sward.
Yesterday morning the smooth, green
extent of the San Rafael Golf Club's links
was marred in several places by large
irregular holes. The cluh called a special
rm-eting to considfr what human being or
animal had presumed to brave the "No
trespassing" notices and scratch up the
links which were only won after much
bitter litigation. An intelligent caddie
handed down the opinion that a coyote
was the depredator and accordingly the
club will shortly doi^ their vociferous
plaids and in scarlet coats chase the wolf
from the fold.
"It is not so much the damage done we
mind." said a member last night, "but
the blooming impudence of the thing, don'
cher know."
Convention Dispensed With.
LOS AXGELES. Jan. 20.— The executive
committee of the Stato Central Committee
of the Silver Republican party met to
day. J. Noonan Phillips presiding. There
was united opinion that a State conven
tion was unnecessary, the plan of having
the national delegates chosen by the cen
tral committee having met with favor
and being decided upon.
Fire in Los Angeles.
LOS AN'GELKS, Jan. 20.— The two-story
frame building at the corner of Fifth
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAoSTJARY 21, 1900.
BRILIANT VICTORY
OF BANDCKBURN
Piloted by Johnny Bullman, the Brown Horse
Lowered the Colors of Gorrigan's Crack
Geyser in the Turf Congress Stakes.
RAN A MILE IN THE WONDERFUL TIME OF 1:39
A New Ccyst Record, and One of the Grandest Performances
Ever Witnessed on the American Turf — Barney Schreiber
Enjoys a Return of Fortune.
'^^T^Vrf/oKTto
£v *§ R rM Bee s^ i h i Yf\ ra &3 « I 5 R » Yfi EsS^^VCkq lif %j3j*%p
I - »^ jj ¦^MXomra^Wttn* r a^ri\ jAtsTna Erf II AfV(iHl£ a ¦ M ¦ H k^^^BGSSKnIH
15Common whisky is a curse-^-the Old Gov-
ernment Is a blessing, •
Some time ago Nat' Goodwin had an op-
portunity to witness Alf Hampton's Imi-
tations of himself in his favorite roles.
Hampton, knowing Goodwin was present,
outdid himself, but at the close of the se-
ance Goodwin had never a word to say.
At last an intimate friend ventured to ask
how he liked it. "Well," replied Good-
win, "all I can say Is, one or us Is d— n
bad."
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
T Si FK^^-sr^'Kt^xir M
DR.HALL'S BELNYIGORATOR|S?3fi3S
Five hundred reward for a~y '^h^pS
caie we cannot cure. This M *mt P« Bk2S
remedy stops all losses in 24 1 » X
tP°r U^' C v rP r Err ' !ssin "--. Irapo- J&3 rrf.
tcr.cy. Varicocclp. Gonorrhoea rf>l "*%
ga-/i& 2fesss 2s MM
of self-abuse or excesses s-nt ' r
sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles. »3- iruarant-^d tv
DUTLTE, Rio Broadway. Oakland r"»l A'*o
for sale at 107SH Market rt 8 f ' All privat*
diseases qqlckly cured. Send for free b<Sk
At Iceland ponies are fed ln winter on
flsh heads. -. .,.• « ;
569i22
FOR 3 ROOiMS OAK FURNITURE.
BEDROOM SET. t PIECES I ROCKET* *
CHAIRS. 1 WIRE MATTRE3VI TOpfLAIC
TRESS. 1 CENTER TABLE, 1 PAIR Pl£l
DININO ROOM. 8-irOOT OAK EXT33T3IOX
TABLE, 4 OAK CHArR3. JKS3IO3I
KITCHEN. NO. 7 STOVE AND BOX. 1 PATU
ENT KITCHEN TABLE AW) » CHAntS.
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN
Alio full line of CARPETS from 40ts* u^
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Opp. Cnlon Square, cor. PowsiL
me^anTfeey^ <***»*-
WALSH TAKES UP THE
WHITE MAN'S BURDEN
LIVELY FIGHT PUT UP BY A
LEGLESS MENDICANT.
How the Pride of the Califor
nia-Street Station Picked
Up More Than He
Could Handle.
Officer Thomas Walsh, the Adonis nf
the California street station. Is a some
•what d!ftigriir^d beauty to-day. His face
looks as though it had run against a com
bination pile-driver and threshing ma
chine «md got the worst of the encoun
ter.
Tommy has one 6trlp of courtplaster
on his cheek that covers a wound fully
five inches Ion?, while on the other por
tions of his ar.atomy are lumps and ridges
that make him like an Intrenched Boer
position in the Transvaal.
The reason of all this is the philan
thropy which urged Walsh yesterday to
assume the white man's burden and the
unwillingness of that burden to be as-
Burned without something in the shape of
a protest.
The burden took the shape of a legless
negro mendicant who was begging on
Montgomery street yesterday afternoon
VESSEL ASHORE.
LEWES. DeL, Jan. BX— The Fenwlck
life-saving station reports a vessel throw-
Ing up rockets about eight miles oft shore.
It is thought to be a steamer ashore on
Fenwlck Island shoals. The tug North
America has left Delaware breakwater to
go to her assistance*. Fenwick Island la
about twenty miles south of Cape Henlo
pen.
DOCTOR
HAVE BUILT UP
THE
LARGEST AND MOST
SUCCESSFUL PRACTICE
IN AMERICA BY
CURING
THEIR PATIENTS.
ZXEL MZ772EBS So OCX da net
ask for money until their pa-
tten ta are cured. They nevus? ad-
minister dangerous or Injurious
medicines— they avoid the use of
electric belts. They mako no
charge for consultation and ad-
vice at office or by letter.
All their prescriptions are care-
fully compounded in their own
private laboratory, free> to th«lr
patients. t *
A BANK
DEPOSIT
GUARANTEE.
DH. MBTEiifl A CO.'fl Mttaata mar
deposit th» t>rtcß of a curt In any Saa
Francisco bank, to b» paid octy after tiuy
ar« well, or pay ln monthly Installmcsca.
DR. MEYERS A CO. are the cap
specialists on the Pacific Coast mho
cure diseases and weakness of MEM
EXCLUSIVELY.
Me locurabte Cute* Taken at Mny r>he.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
PICK TRAIN
AMBUSHED
BY TAGALOS
Filipinos Entrap Americans,
Killing Two, Wound
ing Five.
NINE MEN MISSING
Disaster to a Force Escorting a
Transport of Rations in
Laguna Province.
>
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The first un
toward happening ln the highly success
ful campaign now going on in Luzon Is
announced in the following cablegram: .
"MANILA, Jan. 20.— A pack train of
twenty ponies transporting . rations be
tween Santo Tomas and San Pablo, La
guna province, escorted by fifty men un
der Lieutenant Ralston of the Thirtieth
Infantry, was ambushed yesterday. Two
men were killed and five wounded, . and
nine are missing. The pock train was
loat. The lieutenant and thirty-four men
returned to Basto Tomas with the killed
and wounded. The affair is being inves
tigated.
T 'Doret of the Fifth Infantry found the
insurgents ln the Batangas Mountains,
prepared ln ambush to meet him. He
killed eight, wounded three and captured
seventeen; also one Spaniard and six
rifles. His casualties were two man
slightly wounded. OTIS."
TEMPORARY TARIFF
PREPARED FOR GUAM
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The Navy De
partment has prepared a tariff for the
island of Guam based on the schedules
now in use for the islands of Cuba and
Porto Rico. It was the intention to adopt
the Philippine schedules for the little
Island, but It was found they were only
slight modifications of the tariff which
existed before the archipelago came into
the possession of the United States and
so were unsuitable because of the heavy
discrimination ln favor of Spain. It is
thought that the tariff as prepared for
Guam will be adopted for the island of
Tutuila. It is understood that these
measures are only temporary and will pre
vail only ln the absence of some direction
by Congress.
HOSPITAL CORPS MEN
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The War De
partment has arranged to send 150 hos
pital corps men to the Philippines on the
hospital 6hip Missouri, which is to sail
from San Francisco some time next month.
To secure this number of men It will be
necessary to withdraw recruits from in
struction at either the Washington bar
racks or Angel Island. Acting Hospital
Steward Cleveland Hitson Jr. and forty
one privates of the hospital corps now at
the Washington barracks will start for
San Francisco in a few days.
MORE AMMUNITION
FOR THE MARINE CORPS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The Bureau
of Ordnance of the naVy : . has mado a
requisition to the ordnance department of
the army for 1200 army magazine rif.es
and 2.400,000 rounds of ammunition for the
use of the marine corps in the Philippines.
A. requisition will be soon made for 2000
army magazines for the navy.
Fire Ink for the Bed Man.
The Indian policeman who came with
the witnesses to. the Grand Jury Monday
said that-lt would bo a long fall and a late
freeze-up. He declined to say how he
knew this, but seemed positive.
A civilized .Indian who came down said
that the reservation Indians are acquiring
a taste for Jamaica ginger. "The stores
around the reservations, he" said, "all
.handle ginger as a legal drug, and the
Grateful Musicians.
Madame Ellen Coursen-Roeckel was
presented last Friday with a gold medal
by the members of the Music Teachers'
Association of California. The lady so
honored is the president of the organiza
tion. The kindly sentiments expressed ln
the letter which accompanied the gift
were highly appreciated by Mrs. RoeckeL
Threatened to Kill His Wife.
Dan Condon, a man 67 years of age, re
siding in Ocean View, was arrested last
night and locked up in the Seventeenth
street poiice station. Condon, who is a
shoemaker by trade, has been drinking
heavily of late, and last night he made
preparation to make a corpse of his bet
ter half. The timely arrival of the police
frustrated his plans and he was taken to
the station as a precautionary measure.
WILL OPPOSE MORMONS.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 20.— The Utah Gos
pel Mission has been incorporated for the
purpose of fighting Mormonism all over
the country by Rev. George H. McGraw,
Allen K. Ford, Captain Thomas Wilson,
W. M. Rayne, Rev. Dr. R. Moffatt, Rev.
J. D. Williamson. John Ralph Owens,
Rev. John D. Nutting and- Rev. Dr.
Charles F. Thwing.
Rev. Mr. Nutting is in New York in
teresting gentlemen of that city in the
project. Anti-Mormon literature will be
circulated ln abundance and the plan Is
to send out 2000 missionaries to counter*
act the efforts of Mormon missionaries,
who have become numerous and very ac
tive. -' . s
SUFFOCATED BY SMOKE.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. £O.— A fire which
started in a barroom ln the old St. Mary
market neighborhood soon after midnight
obtained considerable headway before the
firemen reached the scene and half a
dozen persons in the adjoining building
were overcome by smoke before help
reached them. They were mostly Sicil
ians. Four were taken put dead and the
others will hardly live. The family is
named Oioradano. The building is an Im
m^ise brick structure honeycombed with
poor tenants. - " ; "
\ No lying about I
t i
" the merit of CASCARETS. Millions use them and tell their rf
£ friends how good they are. We want to give back the purchase a
j, ¦ price to anyone who fails to get satisfaction from the use of '
* CANDY CATHARTIC 2
£* kjt&Sa Cuav!S£s ye^^Sa. mSa&rSk -^H^^Bb m^^^G&k. EtoME 'SL
EflV/j"j JMI •, VTA** U B^ t *3u^\?^ *tt»^ Bjvj Twnirl U Em K*l fjff WJM B yym
JM iK»Sy*3™^. Unw rf^
S. Now that sounds like a liberal offer, but these single 10c sales alone 9
£ don't count for success. It's your cure and your good word for £
£ Cascarets that will make them famous in the future as in the '9
Jif past. Start with a box today. 10c, 25c, 50c, all druggists. Free rf
£ sample and booklet. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chgo. or N. Y. m
! Best for the Bowels J
TESTIMONIAL TO DR. RADER.
A testimonial will be tendered to Rev.
William Rader prior to his departure for
Europe by his many friends at the Y. M.
C. A. auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets,
on TueFday evening, January 30.
There will be an excellent programme
rendered and, as the price of admission
is but 50 cents, it is expected that a large
crowd will be present to testify to their
esteem for the eloquent divine. Seats can
be obtained at Byron Mauzy's, SOB Post
street, and at Sherman & Clay's, on the
corner of fiutter and Kearny streets.
CONFESSED THAT SHE
MURDERED HER MOTHER
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Jan. 20.—Informa
tion has reached here that Mrs. Van
Hcrne. who recently died in the State of
Washington, confessed on her deathbed
that she murdered her mother, Mrs.
Thomas Egan, near this city September
12. ISSO. For this crime Thomas Egan, the
woman's husband, was hanged, although
to the last protesting his innocence. Mrs.
Van Home was his stepdaughter. Egan's
clothes were found in the barn covered
with blood, and this caused his convic
tion. The physicians at the hospital
where Mrs. van Home died took down
her conft-bsion and sent it to Egan's rela
tives here.
BLUSHING A DISEASE.
French Savant Says It Is , Due to
EreuthophoMa or Erythxo
phobia.
The general idea that blushing Is due
to fullness of blood in the brain is incor
rect, according to the new theory of a
French expert. It arises from the relaxa
tion of the arteries of the face, neck and
breast, thus allowing an extra quantity
of blood to rush to the skin. Those arte
ries have in their walls a layer of rings
of muscular fiber, which contract or re
lax according to the condition of the pa
tient, and bo permit the arteries to be
come more or less full of blood. When
they are extra full, which occurs in weak
ness, the patient blushes. ' '*
Blushers are more liable to redden in
damp or stormy weather than ln the cold
days of winter or the hot days of sum
mer. If this glowing of the face were tMo
result of emotion, why this difference? If
It be due to weakness the fact assumes
the appearance of probability.
There are two closely allied causes of
blushing. One is named "ereuthophobla";
that Is the ordinary cause— weakness and
the extreme sensitiveness and other con
ditions caused by it. The other is desig
nated "erythophobia," and is the fear that
one will blush unconsciously at awkward
moments.
The latter is a peculiar form of the dis
ease. The individual ln question, although
not given to blushing, becomes gradually
possessed with a fear that he will do so
at some inopportune time, and this fear
grows upon him until it completely mas
ters him and makes him grow red ln the
face when there is not the slightest rea
son for it. '
At the most simple question the color
rises and ho is placed ln the most absurd
situation. He Is looked upon with sus
picion, because other people accept hia
confusion as consciousness of guilt; he
recognizes the fact, and of course his con
dition grows worse. Weakness is respon
sible in this case also for the deplorable
state of things, for when the sufferer is
taken in hand and gets "braced up" he
smiles at his former fears.
It must be' a very strong emotion that
causes a flush to come to the face of a
really healthy man or woman. Whatever
they may fpel, they will not show it any
more than they will show fear when con
fronted by great danger. In the latter
case there is no doubt about the danger;
it is fully understood that there may be a
feeling of fear within, but it is not shown
by the face. A similar remark applies. to
the sense of shame under reproach. That
feeling will not be betrayed by a blush,
because the Individual is not afflicted by
the disease.— Pearson's Weekly.
Wedding Superstitions.
The bride who finds a spider on her
wedding dress n%y consider herself
blessed.
The bride who dreams of fairies the
night before her marriage will be thrice
blessed.
If the bridegroom carries a miniature
horseshoe in his pocket be will always
have good luck.
Ship marriages are considered anything
but lucky. Get married on land, or don't
get married at all.
No bride or groom should be given a
telegram while on the way to church. It
Is positively a sign of evil.
If the wedding ring is dropped during
the ceremony the bride may as well wish
herself unborn, for she will always have
111 luck.
Kiss a bride after the ceremony, and
before the newly made husband has a
chance to do so, and you will have ex
cellent luck throughout the year.
Maidens eager to wed should give dish
water heated to the boiling point a wide
berth. It means that they will not marry
for a long time If they attempt to cleanse
dishes in water so hot.
Should a bride perchance see a coffin
while being driven to the railway station
prior to departing upon her honeymoon
she should order the driver to turn back
and start over again, or else she will
surely meet with bad luck.— Kansas City
Journal.
DEWEV MAY
VISIT US IN
SEPTEMBER
Invited to Admission
Day Celebration.
Mayor Phelan has just received the fol
lowing letter from Admiral Dewey ln re
sponse to an invitation requesting his
presence in this city at the fiftieth anni
versary of the admission of California to
the Union. The letter is self-explanatory
and gives fair promise of the hero being
here next September:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. IJOO.
My Dear Sir: I have the honor to acknowl
edge the receipt this day, through Hon. Julius
Kahn, of an Invitation from yourself and rep
resentatives of the "Native Sons of the Golden
¦\Vest" to be present at the celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the admission of Cali
fornia to the sisterhood of States, at San Fran
cisco, on September 9 next. I am not yet able
tn state whether or not I will be present at
that time, but I assure you it will give me
great pleasure to accept your Invitation if it
is possible for me to do bo. Very truly yours,
GEORGE DEWEY.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor, San Fran
cisco. Cal.
and who was arrested by Officers Walsh
and Leonard for vagrancy.
This particular coon has been many
times in trouble. The times he has ap
peared ln the local police courts for vari
ous minor offenses are beyond computa
tion and on several occasions he has ap
peared with more serious charges than
mere misdemeanors against his name. He
is a customer as ugiy in disposition as he
Is in looks.
Both his limbs have been amputated at
the knee and he uses the resultant de
formity as a means with which to excite
the compassion of the passer-by. When
ever he is spoken to by a policeman he
answers with a flow of obscenity and pro
fanity that generally results in hie arrest,
which, arrest is invariably followed by his
liberation the next morning by some sym
pathetic Judge. Usually because of his
misfortune he is gently handled by the
patrolmen, notwithstanding the vilenesa
he heaps upon them.
Yesterday when put under arrest he
commenced his usual tactics. He called
the two officers every name in the Cdta
logue and a whole lot that showed him to
be an Inventive genius of more than or
dinary talent. He cursed them person
ally, individually, severally and collec
tively. He reviled their eyes, lungs, liv
ers, and held forth eloquently on their
characters, moral, physical and intellec
tual. He damned them in their private
and official capacity and then he began to
descant on their families.
Leonard looked on and smiled, the char
acter and inttrmity of the negro placing
him below notice. Walsh tried to emulate
the unconcern of his more phlegmatic
brother officer, but the negro s diatribe
and his own Irish blood proved too much
of a combination for him to buck against.
He stepped in to give his dusky prisoner
a gentle reminder, and the next minute
imagined that he had fallen foul of a
passing cyclone.
The darky jumped him like a fiend. Up
leaped astride the Walsh shoulders and
cross-countered him with one of the leg
stumps so hard that the two men mmc
to the ground together. For the next
minute It was hard to distinguish between
Irishman and negro. Nothing could be
teen but a piebald mass revolving ln a
cloud of dust. The black man worked
with his stumps as well as with his arms,
and the short leg jabs he sent in could be
heard a block away as they landed on the
Walsh, cranium. Finally the wagon drove
up. and Leonard, thinking the begc-A"
ha.l about enough fun for one afternoon,
hauled him on" the nearly moribund
Walsh and sent him to the station.
Policeman Walsh will not be allowed to
do duty to-day, or until his face resumes
pome of its natural form, as it Is feiTed
by his superiors that with his present dis
figurement he would be sure to break the
Sabbath. . ; .J
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
Lasting Vigor
And Cars t!ts Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases J? ssponds £ c y IU _
Heart Diseases Sf^f^Jß!?
„ , n , vjeneral Debility
Spin* Diseases of Memory
Stomach Diseases Blood Poison
Kidney Diseases Rectal Disease*
Hydrocelo Lung Diseases
Varicocels Catarrhal
Rheumatism Diseases
DR. MEYERS A CO. condozt V*
largest and best equipped medico/ In-
stitution and hare the most txttrrsao
practice In the world.
HOME CURES.
FREE BOOK.
Thoun&ds of men ar» cnr«d at >*¦"»»
every year. If jroa c&naat Tlstt Ban Fraa-
cisco writ* for frw printe book, advice
Question Hst. «to. All COTrespondcac*
con Sciential. No printing on «nvelop«a «r
packages to Indicate nuns at sende*
CURES SENT SAFELY BT MAIL,
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
A Staff of Skilled Specialists,
Established 19 Years.
rat MAKKBT ST., 3. S».
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD rXOOR.
©CUT. lt»L
HOURS: lEvenhsga, 7 to S.
ISuadays. j ts v.
Baggara Ferocity.
In the beginning of the year IS9« the
English general from Cairo was inspect
ing the frontier force at Wadi Haifa. The
troops were engaged ln a fleld-day when
news came that a party of Dervishes had
attacked and put to the sword the village
of Addendan, some twenty miles north of
Haifa. The Camel Corps at once started
to try and cut off the raiders In the desert
on their return Journey, but with little
chance of success, as the news was more
than twenty-four hours old. After going
some fifty miles a patrol got on to their
tracks and found there the body of a
black girl some ten years of age. her feet
cut to ribbons by the rocks and stones
over which she had been driven, her back
flayed by the stripes of her merciless
captors. She had been beaten along until
she could move no more and then left to
die ln the desert.
Within a few weeks of this a Dervish
patrol came down to within a mile of Bar
ras one evening. Two little boys were
going out from the village to their father,
who was tending hla sakieh. They met
this patrol and greeted the leader. Ho
replied with a spear-thrust and hia com
panions finished the work he had begun.
The poor wee bodies were found by the
troops a short time afterward beheaded
and disemboweled.
The following incident shows the un
tamable ferocity of the Bargarat Soon
after the occupation of the Dongola pro
vince a Camel Corps patrol went out from
Debba to the wells of Kofrlat. These
wells are very deep and a long rope Is
requisite in order to obtain water. Close
to the wells the patrol discovered the
dead body of a Baggara warrior along
side his slaughtered horse. The man. a
fugitive from Dongola and tortured with
thirst, had arrived at the wells. Finding
no means of .obtaining water and accept
ing his fate, he had deliberately killed his
horse, broken hia saddle, cut his bridle to
pieces, burled his weapons and then calm
ly laid himself down to die. satisfied that
nothing of his would fall Into bis enemy**
hands.
The principal leader ln most of the fron
tier raids was one Osman Azrak by name,
who afterward met a well-merited death
at Omdurman. He was the ogre of the
frontier and enjoyed an almost supernat
ural reputation, combined with an un
canny habit of being killed and coming to
life again. The Inhabitants of Berts,
which oasis he raided, described him to
the officer commanding the Camel Corps
as a giant sight feet nigh and with one
eye in the middle of his forehead.—Corn
bill Magazine.
NOTABLE DEATHS
OF THE DAY.
T RVINGTON. Jan. 20. — The oldest na-
I tlve daughter of California, who was
1 born before the discovery of gold,
died during the past week. She was
Mrs. Elizabeth Davis, wife of Hiram Da
vis of this place, and was well known
throughout Northern California.
The deceased was born at Bodega ln
June. 1847. She resided there until four
teen years ago, when she married Mr. Da
vis and moved to his home ln Irvlngton.
She leaves a hugband and one child. The
funeral was attended by a large number
of people, many of whom came from dif
ferent parts of the State.
SUCCUMBS TO A WOUND
INFLICTED BY A CUBAN
Customs Collector Smith's Death at
CHbara Reported by Colonel
Bliss.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. — Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn of the War Depart
ment received to-day from Colonel T. H.
Bliss of the commissary department, in
charge of the custom service ln Cuba,a
report on the case of Collector James w.
Smith at Gibara, who was shot on the
9th lnst. by a Cuban named Cannidaty,
editor of the Laa Clarides, a newspaper
published at Gibara, and who died last
night. Colonel Bliss says that on the 10th
inst. he received a telegram from Collec
tor Smith, giving an account of his trou
ble with the Cuban editor in the follow
ing words:
"I was shot in the left thigh yesterday
afternoon by the editor of a local paper
in an encounter resulting from personal
insults and lies published by him ln re
gard to the management of the custom
house. I was unarmed at the time and
disarmed him after being shot. I was
operated on, and the doctor thinks I will
be able to return to my duties ln about
three weeks. In the meanwhile, the in*
terpreter Is managing the affairs of th»
Custom-house." _
' In his telegram to the War Depart
ment announcing the death of Smith,
which Is dated Havana.- January 20, Col
onel Bliss 6aid that Smith's leg was am
putated January 18 and ho died the fol
lowing evening.
Smith served in the Spanish war as sec
ond lieutenant of the Second Volunteer
Infantry. He resided ln New Orleans.
•
KILLED BY MORPHINE.
Cause of the Death of a "Well-Known
Temperance Lecturer.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 20.— Excessive
use of morphine, to which he had been ad
dicted for the past four years, was the
cause of the death ln a hospital here last
night of Will J. McConnell of Cleveland,
Ohio, well known in the West as a tem
perance lecturer. He came to this city
Wednesday. That night he was found un
conscious on the streets and removed to
a hospital.
Fell to Her Death.
Mrs. Mary Ryan, an aged woman, who
lived at Sl2 Jessie street, died at the Re
ceiving Hospital last night from injuries
probably received ln falling out of the
window. About 8 o'clock In the morning
Christopher Moe found Mrs. Ryan lying
in an unconscious condition in an alley
way next to her home. Mrs. Ryan and
her daughter, Annie Ryan, had been
drinking quite freely all day, and both
were intoxicated. Mrs. Ryan did not re
cover consciousness, so she could give no
Information as to the manner in which
she received her fall. Her daughter was
therefore taken into custody pending an
Investigation.
Popular Young Woman Dies.
Special IMspaich to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 20.— Miss Adeline
Becker, one of the most promising young
ladies of this city, died at her home this
morning. She was born in this city and
graduated in the class of '93 from the
Sar.ta Cruz High School and later from
the State Normal School. The funeral
will be held Monday from the Congrega
tional church, of which she was an active
member.
Death of Mrs. Tobriner.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— Mrs. Ida Tobrlner.
widow of the late Jacob Tobrlner, died
last night after a lingering illness at her
home In this city. Besides a large circle
offrlends she leaves six children — Mrs.
Mcl S. Bodt and Alice. Isaac, Melville,
Hattie and Flora Tobriner— to mourn her
less.
m
James Pyle Called by Death.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— James Pyle. the
¦well-known soap manufacturer, died at
his home In this city to-day, aged 77
years.
Serious Charge Against Captain HcGowan of the
United States Monitor Monadnock.
BOSTON, Jan. 20.— A letter received from a naval officer at Manila,
dated December 12, says that two scandals in the United States squadron are
causing general talk. One Is the shooting of a Filipino on board the Mon
adnock by Captain McGowan because the man climbed the Bide of the vessel
forward Instead of aft, as demanded by naval usage. It. la maintained that
the captain Intended to fire over the man and scare him but that he was hit
In the hip and died soon afterward.
The other subject of comment la the fact that Commander 8. W. Very of
the Castlne, up to the present time, has had every officer on the vessel with
one exception under suspension and one of them has objected. Although the
authorities desire to quiet the proceedings, the officer will have to be heard
and the matter will be carried to the department at Washington.
SAYS THAT LENT
JILTED HER AND
SHOULD BE SHOT
Miss Wood Lays Claim
to the Attorney.
SAYS HE WAS HER FIANCE
Miss Nellie Wood, who claims that for
the past six years she has been the af
fianced bride of Eugene Lent, is anxious
to see the man who two days ago an
nounced his engagement to Mrs. Bertha
Welch-Russell ornamenting one of the
slabs at the Morgue,
According to Miss "Wood, Eugene Lent
is "a villain and ought to be shot." The
woman does not propose to do the shoot«
Ing herself or to seek redress in a court
of Justice for the humiliation she claims
to have suffered. All she wants is to see
her etory published broadcast, so the
"world may know Eugene Lent Just as
he Is."
Miss Wood sent for reporters from all
the papers yesterday and told the follow.
Ing story of her woes:
"Until I read the announcement of Mr.
Lent's engagement to Mrs. Kussell in the
papers," eald she, "I had no Intimation
that all was over with us. I have been
engaged to Mr. Lent six years. He vis
ited me ten days ago. He said* nothing
then about breaking off the engagement.
He at that time reproached himself and
said that he was not worthy of me, and
I rebuked him for making, such a state
ment. I know of no reason why Mr. Lent
has jilted me for Mrs. Russell, except
that she has money and I have none. I
feel no bitterness toward Mrs. Russell,
but I think that Mr. Lent has acted like
a villain. Had he been man enough to
come and tell me that he desired to break
the engagement that would have been
somewhat different. But he has chosen
to humiliate me, and I will not allow the
matter to go by without having all the
facts known. I have determined the pub
lic shall know how I have been treated
and what sort of a man Mr. Eugene
Lent Is.
"I have known Mr. Lent almost from
childhood. I have been warned against
him, but I could not distrust him, for he
eeemed entirely devoted. There were cir
cumstances that, as I now recall them,
ought to have told me the truth, but I.
blindly trusted. The first I ever saw of
Mrs. Russell was when- he gave a dinner
to her ln the University Club. He invited
me to be present. I told him he was do
ing a foolish thing, and he answered that
it was a matter of business. He was not
making much money as a lawyer, he ex
plained; the Welches were rich, and if he
could get their law business it would be a
good thing, worth fully $5000 per annum,
and, of course, what helped him, he said,
would be good for us both. I went to
the dinner.
"Not long ago Mr. Lent told me that he
was without money; that his mother was
ill and ail allowances of money from her
had been stopped. He said he was anxioua
to raise money. I offered him my engage
ment ring to raise money on temporarily.
He afterward told me that he had carried
It back to Hammersmith & Field and that
they had given him one-half what It orig
inally cost. I was surprised and grieved
that he could do that. He said that he
would not ask me to give him back other
articles of value, because they had my
name upon them. I would have given
him back everything that ever he gave
me If he had asked It.
"We had no quarrels."
Mr. Lent, the gentleman Miss Wood
claims won her affections only later to
throw them aside, would cay nothing re
garding the sensational statements Miss
Wood had Been fit to make. "She is a
lady," was nil he would say, "and I will
not say anything against her."
Miss Wood is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs Jay Lagsden and the niece of R.
G. Dun of the Dun Commercial Apenoy
of New York. She lives at the Palace
Hotel with her parents and 1b well known
in local society. . . .
Indians have discovered that It Is as fiery
a beverage as cheap whisky. A teaspoon
ful will cause choking and coughing for
several minutes ln a throat unaccustomed
to swallowing the powerful stuff. Red
Ink Is another favorite beverage of the
Indians since the Federal authorities have
begun to exercise stricter supervision over
their copper-skinned wards. It Is the or
dinary red Ink which a bookkeeper use*
ln his balance sheets and which book
stores sell for writing purposes. The Ink
drinker of cultivated tastes will buy bot
tles by the half dozen and swallow the
contents with relish. Essences which
white people use for puddings are swal
lowed in guantlty by the Indians and have
been used ln that way for years. Wood
alcohol, accounted poison ln most parts
of the country, is consumed ln consider
able quantities diluted with water. 17 — Mil
waukee Sentinel.
Bloody Battle at Mazababa
Lasting From Daybreak
to Sundown.
WILL END REBELLION
Nothing Left of the Onoe Powerful
Tribe but a Few Soattered
Parties.
Speotal Diapatah to Tn* Can.
NOOALES, Arls.. Jan. Mt— A telegram
was received ln Xogulee from Tortn. Bio
Yaqul, Sonora, Mexico, this morning- an
nouncing- a big battle between General
Lorenao Torres' forcee and the YaQui In
dians last Thursday, January 18. which
lasted from daybreak until 8:io o'clock ln
the evening.
Th« Indians had rathtred ts force near
the TUlag-s of on the Yaqui
River, at ¦wMah place they were aur*
rounded and almost completely annlhl
lated - B J [^?,, tol *»r» r v a »*y» *«• mdi*n« i»«t
over 200 killed andBOO prisoner*, No men
tion la made of the number of wounded.
Among- a large number of prisoners res
cued from the rebels were Father Beltram
ana three Josephine nuns, who have been
held about seven months.
The loss to the Mexicans has not been
reported, but on account of the long: and
persistent fight It Is feared the victory
cost many killed and wounded. The battle
of Thursday will beyond a doubt end the
rebellion and result ln the complete ex
termination of the Yaqul tribe of Indiana.
General Torres will follow up his rreat
victory of Thursday, and the laat stand
of the once powerful Yaquls will date
from the battle near Mazababa.
ADVXBTISEMEUTra.
SEM.2U EMBROIDERY SALE
BEGINS TO-MORROW, JANUARY 22.
Over 50,000 Yards Just Arrived Direct From St. Gall, Switzerland.
They were purchased before the recent advance, which enables us to
offer them for 25 per cent less than the present cost.
The Embroideries on sale represent an unrivaled collection of the
choicest patterns in Edging^," Insertions and All Overs, in the finest grades
of Cambric, Swigs and Nainsook. The limited space permits the men-
tion of only a few items of the GREAT VARIETY on sale. Here are
some details:
0\ SALE TO-MORROW AND DURING THE WEEK.
Yard — 2000 yards Embroid- ft 1/*1 /* Yard— 2000 yards Embroid-
ery Edgings, Ito 2 inches a^ cry Edging, 4 inches wide,
wide, in neat patterns. in the latest patterns.
fjr Yard— 3000 yards Embroid- l^'r Yard— 2000 yards Embroid-
ery Edging, 2 to 3 inches '^*^J cry Edging, 4 inches wide,
wide, choice designs. in entirely new pattern*.
|£Jr Yard — 3000 yards Embroid- 20r Yard — 3000 yards Embroid-
ery Edging, 4 to 6 inches cry Edging, 7 inches wide,
wide, all new and very choice pat- new and open effects.
terns - ! Qrip Yard — 2000 yards Embroid-
25c ar^ — 2 9°° 3' a rds Embroid-j * JyJX ' cry Edging, 9 inches wide,
cry Edging. 9 inches wide, i beautiful open designs on fine cam-
the prettiest patterns ever displayed. 1 brie.
Exquisite styles in Cambric and Nainsook Edgings and Insertions in
sets, including the very latest effects in All Overs lor yokings, etc, will be
offered at proportionately low prices.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
Our New Foulard Silks Have Arrived.
A most gorgeous array of New Foulard Silks is gathered here for
your inspection. All the spring favorite and most fashionable designs and
color combinations are represented in this magnificent collection.
As Recognized Headquarters for Foulard
Sllk*s the nianufacturers accorded us the privilege of first choice and
vjjirvo, confined our selections exclusively to us. Most of these pat-
terns come in only one or two dress lengths, thus assuring ladies of ex-
clusive gowns. •
FOR A SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER
We place on 6ale, commencing to-morrow, 200 pieces 24-inch All-Silk
Twined Foulards, the most exquisite designs ana colorings, at the extra-
ordinarily low price of 85c A YARD
Make your selections now while the assortment is complete and these bar-
gains prevail.
Our January Clearance Sale Is Drawing to
a ClOSe ver y Q^d *- ot an<^ Broken Line will be closed out abso-
lutely without reprard to cost or value.
Greatest Bargains in Dress Goo<ls'fi|fiVf»C $ I-5°I -5° grade for...QK r
that must be closed out at once. " lUVC ' 4 Jt
Oxford Suitings f ftf i
a suit, worth $4-5°- | made of the best French kid and
They are 44 inches wide, strictly ( always sold for $1.50 a pair; come
all wool, in pretty checks and col-; with 3-clasp fasteners; sizes «»& to 7.
orings; a genuine bargain. |T pnn i S Some 2000 yards.
Homespuns *"£*&£ imt If "", »>«*« ," n « L n
_ v r aorta *5-00. ..Flannels, pretty styles of pink.
The present popular dress material;" lOIHICI3. £ lueand lsnrcnder
in four 01 the leading gray shadmgs, ; regu i ar va i uc l 2V 2 c a K _
the genuine Cheviot Homespun, ex- £ To close at Yard 5C
tra heavy, warranted all wool. ' .
Flannol M^t be closed out.]P|||OW Slze / 5x3 ?-\ madc r of T a
Mannei Qur Waists are superior ;' " IVYT good quality muslin. To
VVaiStS to all others the styles CaSeS. close at ... g c
more fashionable. We ~T-
do not want to ckrry them over. Chopfc Already hemmed, a
hence these low price? — $3.95, for- OIICCL3. standard crade; size
m.erly $5.00; $2.95, formerly $.1.50^72x90. To close at A/}!**
51.95, formerly $2.50. ' Each T^aC
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
ACCUSED OF THE WANTON
SHOOTING OF A FILIPINO
APVESTI»r.m is rJTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO QALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900,
YAQUI BAND
ANNIHILATED
BY MEXICANS
Winter
Remedies
Ashort list of useful reme-
dies for winter months.
Something you probably
need. We want you to know
we have it — and our price.
Dr. Baler's Cod liver Oil
Emulsion contains more pure
cod liver oil than any other
similar preparation. Bottle 75c
Baker's Tar and Wild Cherry
Cough Balsam has cured
many a cold and cough. 25c
Thompson's Cold and Grippe
Cure is especially useful in all
cases of !a grippe, coughs and
colds. 25c
Pear's Soap, 15 cents.
Cuticura Soap, I 5 cents.
Abbey's Salts, 20c, 40c, 85c.
Pirkham's Compound, 75 cent*.
Castoria, 25 cents.
Carter's Pills, 15 cents.
Free SeTTverv to railroad points vlthla
100 n.:!e» on orders of Jj or up.
fl j^ r 5 IRATEl RATE tißUO^^TjU^
1128 MARKET ST.
10th and BROADWAY, OAKuwn
nil rC Completely eradicated wlth-
r*li I" ot2t cut «n« or tytn*. N3
¦ IL.L.VJ cure, no pay. For inrorm*-
• • ¦* tion address S. F. RECTAL
wmmmmtmmam institute, uto Market.
16known Sacramento women, to limit the
number of saloons in the residence dis
tricts of. this city.
money he was passing is a very fod
counterfeit! It has a metallic ring and is
hardly discernible from the genuine.
Want Trees Inspected.
PRIZE FOR ESSAYS
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 20.— At the meeting
of the Sonoma County Horticultural So
ciety held this afternoon a committee
was appointed to secure signatures to a
petition which will be presented to the
Board of Supervisors asking for the ap
pointment of a horticultural commission
for Sonoma County, whose duties It will
be to Inspect all -shipments of fruit trees
into the county to guard against any im
portation of pests from abroad.
Passed Counterfeit Coin.
REDDING. Jan. 20.— The city was flood
ed with counterfeit dollars Friday even-
Ing, and a man thing the name of Joo
Rolf has been arrested for passing them.
On his person were found twenty bogus
coins bearing different dates. It Is be
lieved that Rolf has confederates some
where, who manufacture the coins. The
Darwinian Theory as Applied to Po
litical Development.
BERLItC. Jan. LO.— The sum of 39.000
marks ha_s been given to Professors Con
rad and Fraas to be awarded by them for
the best essays submitted up to December,
ISO 2. on th*> application of the- Darwinian
thtory to International political develop
ment and legislation.
Borlini Resigns.
Special Di«patch to The Ca
SACRAMENTO. Jan.- 20.— Governor
Gage has accepted the resignation of A'.
fred A. Borllnl as first lieutenant and In
spector of rifle practice of the Fifth In
fantry. N. G. C. Borlini Is the teller "f
a Sari Francisco bank who was found
short In hid accounts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Burnham Is Sane.
1 I.OS ANGELES. Jan. 20.— Captain D. H.
t?i:rr:ham, a retired army officer and one
rf the most prominent mm in Pasadena.
was examined fnr sar.it y this morning on
thft complaint of his wife. The examina
tion was conducted before Judg»- Wol.b
and resulted In Captain Burnham's dir.
rhnrjre.
INDIAN GOVERNMENT
MUST PURCHASE SILVER
Reserve of the Calcutta Currency De
partment Has Been Heavily
Depleted.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— The idea that the
Indian Government will shortly have to
buy silver has stimulated the demand.
Indications that the Oliver reserve of the
Indian currency department has been
heavily depleted and will be further re
duced are found In the large sales, tele
graphic transfers upon India, further ear
marking of gold for the account of the
Indian Government and the dispatch of
gold direct to India, Out of sixteen and
ft. half crores of cash reserve only about
ec ven crorcs are silver.
According to the Statist, should a fur
ther-two millions of gold be sent to In
dia during the next two months the silver
holdings of the Indian Government will
be probably reduced to about four crorcs.
Before such a figure Is reached purchases
of silver for coinage ought to be made,
unless the Indian Government is prepared
to Incur risks which might bring disaster.
The Statist Insists that the Government
must buy silver without delay and have it
coined as quickly as possible, and reasons
that India ought not to be subjected to
further trials on top of the famine, also
pointing out that if troubles break out on
the Afghan frontier silver alone will be
usable.
Bassett Acquitted.
REDDING, Jan. 20.— A. I*. Bassett was
acquitted of the charge of assault with
Intent to commit murder by a jury In the
Superior Court to-day. On November 17
last Bassett became engaged In a fight
with Tim Shea and cut his opponent quite
badly about the head with a pocketUnife.
Immediately after the trouble Shea said
Bassett had made an unprovoked assault
upon him. At the trial Shea reversed his
story completely, testifying to having
been the assailant and that Bassett had
acted In self-defense.
INDECENT PICTURE
EXHIBITION CLOSED
Mayor Clarke Promptly Suppresses
an Immoral Show in Sac
ramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 20.— Mayor George
H. Clarke to-night closed down an In
decent moving picture exhibition on X
street of the character which The Call
some months ago attacked In San. Fran
cisco. The Mayor instructed the police
department to visit the placo daily and
see that his order Is obeyed. The pictures
which were being exhibited were of tne
vilest sort and were patronized by young
boys as well as adults. The Mayor gave
the proprietor the alternative of closing
them down or suffering Immediate prose
cution. **
Mayor Clarke said to-night that he ap
proved the movement of the Tuesday
LJterary Club, composed of, many well-
OLD LANDMARK GONE.
Fire Destroys the Washington Hotel
at Watsonvllle.
WATSONVILLE, Jan. 20.— The Wash
ington Hotel, one of the old landmarks
of Watsonvllle, was burned down at
about 3 o'clock this morning. The prop
erty was owned by James Mooney and
was leased by Nick Peckasovlch. The
building was insured for $1800 and the
stock for $1000. The fire started in tl-e
kitchen but its origin is not known. Mr.
and Mrs. Mooney managed the Washing
ton Hotel for many years, and but a few
months ago leased It to Peckasovlch. All
tho guests escaped from the building and
much of the furniture was saved.
Valuable Property for Sale.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20.— A North Yakima
dispatch Bays: Notice will be given next
week of the sale of the Yakima Invest
ment Company's property on February 26.
This property is known as the Sunnyside
Irrigation proposition, and has been in the
hands of a receiver since January, 1893.
Tt will be sold pursuant to a decree of the
United States court made last May. Tho
price has been fixed at $:523.000. The prop
erty consists of the Sunnyside. canal and
28.000 acres of land. Paul Sehulze, its pro
motor, and his associates spent over
three-quarters of a million on It. Re
ceiver Joseph S. Allen knows nothing of
the intending or probable purchasers. It
is said by interested parties, however,
th<> tale Is In pursuance of a reorganiza
tion scheme by bondholders.
Medals Presented.
PETALUMA, Jan. 20.— The armory of
Company C was last night the scene of
a merry gathering to witness the pre
sentation of Native Sons medals and cer
tificates to the volunteers of Company C.
Kißlith Regiment. On the platform were
the officers of Bear Fla;? Parlor No. 27.
Native Sons of the Golden West, and
representatives of the Grand Army of the
Republic. F. A. Meyer mado tho presen
tation speech. It was short but full of
patriotic teachings of loyalty and was
received with thunders of applause. After
the presentation dancing was Indulged in
until midnight.
Farmers
— * Furrows
A fanner is known by his furrow as
" the carpenter is known by his chips." It
takes a finu hand and a true eye to turn
a straight furrow. No wonder the farmer
wears out, spite of exercise and fresh air.
One day's work on the farm would^tire
many atrained athlete. And the fanner
vrorks hardest of all. The first up and
tbe lart to bed, feeding his team before
he feeds himself, his work is practically
never done. Why does not the farmer
treat his own lx>dy as he treats the land
he cultivates? He puts back in phos-
phate what he takes out in crops, or the
land would grow poor. The farmer
should put back into his body the vital
rinnmtl exhausted by labor. If he does
cot, he will soon complain of "poor
health." The great value of Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is in its vital-
ising power. It gives strength to the
ctornach, life to the lungs, purity to the
blood. It supplies Nature with the sub-
stances by v.hich she builds up the body,
just as the fanner supplies Nature with
the substances that build up the crops.
-I write to tell you of thr prcat benefit I re- !
crwd from the use of Dr. Pferce's Golden Med-
ic.il Discove;y." writes Mr. C. B. Bird, of Byrn-
«de. Patnr.ra Co .W. Va. •It cured me of a very
b«d case of indigestion associated with tcrpid
J«ver. Before I begas the use of ' Golden Med-
teal Discovery ' I had no appetite: could not pleep
nfj work but vcrr little. The little that I ate
cid not sjree with nyr. bowels constipated, and
bJe was & in:*?ry to rae. I wrote to Dr. Pierce
p-.-.Tr.g th<r fXTuptoms. and asked for advice.
He advised ir.e to try the 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery • n 1 brpaa the use of it and after taking
ta:n bottles I felt to well that I went to wori;
but toon sot worse, so I again bejan the use of it
««<l used it about eijht weeks longer, when I
was Tje.naneatJy cured."
Dr. Picrce's Pleasant Pellets irmgor-
£te aomach, liver and bowels. Use
ti:c in when you require a pill.
NAVAL BILL IS
SURE TO PUSS
Its Majority Will Ec Very
Small.
COUNT YON BULOW PRAISED
ageaeiaxs dissatisfied with
the ii;terpellation.
Coming Week Will Be the Heighth of
Court Festivities in Germany,
Beginning With the
Coronation Fete.
Ccp\ richied, 1500, by the Associate! Trets.
BERLIN. Jan. 20.— During the coming
•reek the naval bill will be the main pr>
litioaJ topic. H is surmised that the
measure will reach the Reichstag early
In ?hr- v.eek. as the Bundes=rath has ex
pro>.-=c-«i beforehand its readiness to pass
It. Its fate in the Reichstag, parliament
ta.riar.s now say. probably is by no means
assured, though it Is predicted that
enough members of the Central party will
support the bill to enable its passage. The
force of recent events has been telling
altogether In favor of the measure and
en enormous amount of agitation on the
subject lias been made by t!ie fleet enthu
elasts throughout the empire. Judging
from the. present prospects, the corre-
Fpondcnce of the Associated Press can
foretell that the naval bill, in which ths
Erajxror's whole heart hangs, will be
rasped after a number of assurances and
Explanations about thtre being no need of
new taxes from the Government, though
uith The smallest majority.
The German press to-day comments
liberally on yesterday's interpellation In
the Reichi-tag on the p* -izure of German
creamers by British cruisers. The J.okal
Anzciger pays: "The whole Eession
Ehowed that since the English answer
was known beforehand this peculiar par
liamentary action might have been
fpared us."
The Frcis-sinnige Zoitung expresses the
opinion that the interpellation took both
h. dignified and an appropriate course.
The Vossische Zeitung asserts that
'"Count Ton Bulow showed on the whole
ts much tact as energy." a_nd well de
f-orved the ovation which the Reichstag
yesterday accorded him.
The Doutsche Tages Zeitung. with the
¦whnie Agrarian party, is not satisfied
with the results. The paper Fays: "In
t!i» Reichstag there was loud applausa
after Yon Bulow's speech; in the land.
«c can assure the delegates, there was
bitter disappointment."
Thf National Zeitung says: "The effect
of yesterday** proceeding on public opin
ion In England will be in the nature of a
corrector, we hope."
The Wrwarts calls the interpellation
E. "miscarried farce."
The Post, enumerating what Great
Britain offers in reparation, says: "Truly
all these art- tuccesses on which we may
rr^riice heartily; because they meant that
Cull satisfaction is given to Germany."
The Tagcblatt in its comments remarks:
"England now knows fully that in th«*
German empire s=l;e faces a country which
*\i'.l not yield a hair's breadth from what
is conceived to be right. The Foreign
Ministf-r and the Reichstag both carefully
eyoided s-houting triumph at Great Br:t«
p.i:\'s backdown, but people in England
will deduce a lesson from this reserve
t!..tt the German empire, whose moaerate
policy is supported by a vast majority
of its Parliament, cannot be provoked
v.iih Impunity."
The Barth bill in the Diet respecting the i
Prussian ejection districts meets with the I
Government's disapproval; although it is !
admitted that the existing system is s>u- j
fi« rannuated. The Government's argu- I
ment is that the Barth districting would I
reiJound in favor of the Socialists, as th« !
cities whore new Fiats would be created!
are strongly Socialist.
The coming wrek will be the heighth of
rnurt festivities, beginning to-morrow
vith thf- coronation fete, to which all who
have either recently received or are about
to receive orders and decorations are
bidden. This time the number of guests
r::ns between .-|<j<>o and t/K*.t. Next Tuesday
Is the detiliereour for the diplomatic
rorps and male and female civilians, jll
wearing gala dress. All the members of
tho embassy will be there. On Thursday
there will be a military defiliercour. Sat
urday will be the Emperor's birthd-iy.
The Kings of Saxony and Wurtemburg
ere expected to be present, and the of
ficials of th^ American e,mbassv will be
among th^ number of congratulants.
The whole Rhine district is threatened
Tvith floods owing to the masses of snow
and frequent thaws. A number of the
Mosolle towns are flooded. The Rhine in
several places rose ten feet within twen
ty-four hours.
The Obcrammcrgau "Passion Play"
management has issued a statement 'hat
r^-rformances 'wl'l occur May 24 and i"
:¦:.'] Jun<» 4. 10, IH. 17. 24 and 29. and that
th^re will be Fix performances in July,
f-<"vor! in Augusrt and six In September. A
rovered auditorium hns been erected at a
f npt of 150,000, capable of accommodating
< 100 persons. Oberammergau will be mad"
n railroad station and the hotel and
boardtas accommodations will be vastly
Improved.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
FRENCH MINISTRY
WELL SUPPORTED
Showing of Strength in
the Chamber.
HAS A MAJORITY OF DEPUTIES
WIIX NOW PROCEED TO CARRY
OUT ITS PLANS.
Likely to Endeavor to Force Through
the Treaty of Reciprocity
With the United
States.
Copyright. UOO, by the Associated Press.
PARIS. Jan. 20.— The Ministry of M.
Waldeck-Rousseau. which Its national
opponents declared was tottering to its
fall and would receive its death blow im
mediately upon the reopening of Parlia
ment, has obtained a fresh lease of life
in the first week of the Parliamentary
session by the substantial majority it re
ceived on the vote of confidence in the
Chamber of Deputies on the Interpella
tion regarding the attitude of the Gov
ernment toward the strikers at St.
Etlenne.
Early in the week the Nationalists were>
much rejoiced over an Important check
to the Government's school project In
committee, but Thursday's Government
victory shattered their hopes and left the
Cabinet In an unexpectedly strong posi
tion, which encourages it to persist In its
projects.
The situation, it Is believed, will have
an indirect bearing upon the prospects of
the American reciprocity treaty, which,
despite the sanguine predictions of the
officials hero, was thought in some quar
ters to be imperilled by the influential in
dustrial and agricultural opposition. The
fact that the Government is entitled to
count upon a strong backing, as revealed
by Thursday's vote on the strike Inter
pellation, may induce it to endeavor to
force the treaty through.
The test of the Government's strength,
however, will take place shortly In the
Chamber of Deputies In the naval pro-
I»osal. which involves an expenditure ot
750,W0,000 francs, of which 500.000,000 francs
is to be devoted to the reorganization ot
the fleet. M. Delaporte. a Radical Dep
uty from Dux-Sevres, who reported on
the scheme, has just declared himself fa
vorable to the majority plan. His report
makes some Interesting remarks regard
ing tho proposed submarine boats, espe
cially in connection with recent experi
ments at Washington with the subma
rine boat Holland. He asserts that the
new type of submarine vessel, of which
th<» Government proposed to build two,
will have a sphere of action on the sur
face of the water of from 200 to 400 knots,
and a submarine sphere of action of from
forty to forty-five knots. Thus, he says,
these vessels will be of offensive value
Instead of a merely defensive typo. He
expresses the hope that France will pro
vide herself with a large number of these
submarine war vessels. The. press warm
ly supports their construction as a protec
tion to the coast in the event of an at»
tack from the British navy in war.
In the Chamber of Deputies practically
the whole we*>k was devoted to tho dis
cussion of the railway budget, during
which several speaker* compared a num
ber of features of French railway work
ings with the American system. M. Val
iant, Socialist Deputy representing one of
the Seine districts, demanded the adop
tion of the American system of automatic
car couplers, declaring that half the mor
tality among French railway men was
due to the imperfect system of couplers.
The Director of Railways replied that this
matter was under consideration and that
undoubtedly a suitable system would
shortly be Instituted.
The elections for the renewal of 110 seats
in the Senate, which will occur on Jan
uary US. are anxiously awaited, as the re
sult will Indicate the feeling of the coun
try toward the Government. In view of
its Dreyfus policy and the High Court
prosecutions there is a strong moderate-
Republican opposition to the ministerial
candidates.
The most interesting contest in the con
: Btltuency Is !n Loire, where General Mer
cier. the inveterate antagonist of Dreyfus
and one of the Nationalist idols, is pitted
agains-t the Government candidate, a Rad
ical.
President Louhet recently 'gave a clever
I setback to the Nationalist claims of his
• unpopularity in the army by a pretty dis
| play of tact. The occasion was the recent
shooting party at Rambouillet. Instead of
issuing formal invitations to the officers
of the garrison and the principal authori
ties President Loubet announced that they
I need only inscribe themselves on the list
I of guests, with the gratifying result that
I practically every olflccr in the vicinity
I joined the* Presidential party.
M. Pickard. Commissioner General of
the Paris Exposition, announces that most
of the buildings are now in an advanced
1 state of construction and that the open
! ing of the exposition will occur on the ad
! vertised date, even if it becomes necessary
I to work day and night shifts. The Ameri-
I can section is the subject of many appre-
I dative notices In the press. The Repub
i lie Francalse says:
"From every point of view the United
States will have a place worthy of them."
and adds that it considers that the ex
hibit of American schools will surprise
many, as American methods will be a rev
elation to European nations.
The sensation caused by the reported
heavy losses by speculation of Count Boni
dp Castellane was only of one day's dura
tion here in view of the emphatic denial
given the story by his father. Unless the
cavalier fashion in which the Figaro
treated the Marquis de Castellane's letter.
which is stated it consigned to the waste
papc-r basket, should have further results,
interest now naturally turns to the state
ment which Count Boni is expected to
mako on his arrival in New York.
Mrs. Eddy, mother of Spencer F.
Eddy, eecond secretary of the American
embassy, who was severely Injured during
her voyage from America by being thrown
down in her stateroom by the tossing of
the vessel, is still confined to her room.
As soon as Ehe is able to travel she -will
go to Cannes, accompanied by her son,
for a long stay.
\tffi&^ Farmers
THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| $15, $16.50 & $18 D NfiW I|l| M Now 1900 v Millinery at |
i Jackets, $9.45. was£s a*s- M WmW C^MW§%iß M^M Shirt Wai ' stSm a%<^^m« I
X int all new this sea- Jprfngf °caS f ?n \M fflW}^ m _ iT H c3me Saturda - V ' WM^ flmoS^x^i
£ /^M k?au?mVm Saturday, per yard |P *^ ©^gtfß^glißißSSe fJ3&3s3ta.S*. Price WSf and abo several *
| dfg »tw • "•cauforSS "ot™ wcS^SSr store «**«"* SJSKSS I
X fra§ f/° 101 V nn n v ; ¦ iSSpPs? Sown French 5
I H H Colored Dress Goods W I^l
f^lffl j K^o- At Less Than Manufacturer's Cost. : liP^ SSff-^Lf
*"* l^^J^M// / remember they -- . - i 1 C I n 1 : r." : r $3»25 .<*
S A\ are all this sea- W 6 MfiVP nilTrhrlSPn ITOm I"MP WP -KPIOWn mm Of Fine Trimmed Hat3-our good styles that £
X 7 mrr-ic^ eons newest and V V liav *~ [JUILIiaOtU 11<JI11 LUC WCII tMIUWII 111111 Ul were $15.00 to $13- now $7.50%
x r,, /ffljgp^ wero $ 15 - 00 - Arnold, Constable & Co., New York, more than one hundred different E!e s ant Trimmed Hats that were :«
x tf^^ \ g!«j _ J styles of fine Dress Fabrics j hat retail regularly from 7? c to $3.00 per yard (very %™r™M?-Z° ?
x week...,g0.45 few of them worth less than $1.00) — Fancy Plaids, Camel's Hair f Checks, French i~~"T£r?s° **
5 Children's Cans. Coverts, Vigoureaux, Hair-line Stripes, Light Gray and Tan Mixtures, Silk- and Wool §£ ! vl^tS^ fciS'wS $So §
v Golf caps-iu an the nW "oif Novelties, and many handsome weaves in plain-colored Fabrics. Every piece is ~ now 950
x piaids, so much in favor now, each..4so seasonable, desirable, beautiful, and they are wonderful bargains at the one uni- furniture *
$ ¦£££ %rS v S2 fc 'dS?iufi form P rice at which we have marked the entire collection for Specials. |
X or with gold or silver embroidery, at H/J^JMl ##£»«# Z*W*ttM IFtzs3z&2r*4+Gh f%f l/£^o<e»JV r The half dor.en mentioned belox and X
Jf prices ranging upward fr0m.........250 IWMWMUtMy €MWMIB &€MM€*MMl+*3 %3t VW9JZJSXj many others for the coming week. If in •{
%¦ Yacht Caps— all colors, plain or with iCTOti /SP*S2k Jggggfo jw need of furniture it will pay you to in- \%
fc* embroidery— from. ...2Sc to $1.50 JSsx u<Er dFHk MLJgJ 4&f& F&& «r U^k JgM&^KET veatigate tha big store's furniture offer- X
x 808 mJ& &J£ Bi^iHS&f W Srwm^mMm 3
$t llriiJffltttißCslin Bg*M*t VBSjfitr E3 VSkmr Em Car wSfar i&rtU kM White Enamel Iror. Bed— hearv mnlleabla *<t
x unuermusiin uep t. ¦ Bcrol] worth - $7B0 _ thi9 ;2; 2
» Offerings. — s - — — — week $4.75 $
X A>^ Muslin and Embroid- £g ffS*fZBirßf*ff*ffsl SB B^ Jffi BS&^M ZBMf£ $522§£* Solid Oak China Closet -30 inches wide s>r
• &^? cry have advanced so W GMBB%*%ZtL3 BUrB*S>gMBGMJp £BMM*O VFtfVffCr feet 8 inches high, with French beveled X
t* A^J much in price that yon mmm m w~ m v «- -¦ m **» <#*> m * *m. m mirror, worth $15— thi3 week. $9.65 ' x
* r*Ss STfoX^pSSS Wash Fabrics and Dress Goods for Spring i
* (7CV *£?°5F%£& Bnd Summer. s
X V^rK ftii cut and made up in A stream of newness is pouring into San Francisco's grandest shopping Pa In° d r ßeception cE-' iSh?gan™itaSh' 5
x mt, \\| be |i m Sin Drawers, P lace> Thi . s week you will enjoy the first showings of 1930 Wash Fabrics and advanced styles of the up^otoeredV silk, damasks and tapes- $
*• mi I l\p fine dee P embroid - wool, and silk and wool Dress Fabrics that are to be worn during the coming Spring and Summer. tries, worth s2s— this week...s/6.75 *
X ft \\\ cry and tucks New Perca/OS-the best quality, the selected styles of //OftfespUOTS-aH-wool, plaid back, the advance shipment Be f r ? 0 v m o S . et^ V l eC^' .80. 80 J id _ oak - e oI . d f *
X I ' \\\ 750 three d.fferent mills, pretty new patterns in the correct includes some pretty shades of gray and blue, width 52 finish, 24x30 mch beveled trench plata £
£> UJ > Vl\ 75c Muslin Draw- Bhadings, hundreds of styles, full 36 inches wide-per yard... inches-price per yard $1.00 to $1.75 mirror, swelled front, dresser piano .J
** /W™n\ erfl ' embroider y • L.:i2hC Covert Cloths -50 inches wide in the fashionable polish, neatly caryed. worth Sfc.-thg £
S /*Hr^rt4m ruffleandtu^- Frinted Dimities -high-class European productions, shades of tan, blue and gray, designed for outing suits and weel£ ******* £
%' /&s**¦s»¦ '¦ ' 'Xwlk *";Vcn"V; r • colorings perfect -dots, figures and solid effects -all dainty rain y da J Bkir t s » th « neav y quality that drapes wel!-per #»-r-w»Ir#»««w Ram^ S
i n S M ° sI '" and sparkling with freshness— per yard 25c y ard $1.50 UrOGn&ry UGp f- «
. wkfSks Galatea ClOths-E^W^ made, solid twill Galateas, the G ? h mel ' S "*! r i"'"'??* a Boft , clin ?3 n g J ab / ie J « Some good values in useful articles that •*
%' V y ° ke> %nn kind that wears well and looks fre B h to the end, 30 inches the rou .f h Zlblhne e ff fc °J la^t season- charming shades of are in eTeryda y demand . g
f 65c Tennis Flannel Gow^pink'fnd'SJe wide, and a very special value at the introductory price- per W^^^S^^JSi *
X stripes 45c yara .....». ; ..-^ •;' , Large Plaids- a high novelty for separate skirts-the *
* $2.25 Embroidery Trimmsd Skirt, with Dress Ginghams- hundreds of pieces in exquisite col- caS 3 j ust received contains some handsome combinations <T-*&k^'- X
X deep embroidery ruffla $1.75 orings and styles never shown before, a fina reliable cloth for j n brown, castor, gray and blue— width 50 inches- prices per *
»* 20c lace trimmed Corset Covers (broken the price -per yard We yard $1.25, $1.75 and $2.tiO K^^^jS^^^*^ 3^^^ 5
J _eizes)..... Reversible Golf Cheviots— strictly all-wool, plain Cheviots in Pastel Shades— vidth 48 inchw, & •K^^^^Xx // S
jf $sChildrenBJackets,ages6tol4,^2.»o on one side, plaid on the other - skirts made of this material very fashionable rough finished material for separate skirt 3 j^sllr^-~-^3Sti: >f •*
X $6.00 Children's Covert Cloth Jackets, ages are finished to wear on both sides, width 50 inches - price and" complete costumes -we show a line of 6of the new «5
J. 6to 14 $4*OO per yard $2.25 pa3tel shadings— per yard $1.50 g T^ -.j£* *
I Extra Values in Special Sale of Slightly Damaged ¦ we H Hrh r a e ve7usi nn re r ce"eV n th:m7rot ? S |
S Well-Made ShOeS. a m m m M m aj&"ji m BB* -B maker - Fine semi-porcelain with a nar- •
I cutortH^D- Household and Kitchen Utensils {J sr_as m |
£ Shoes — patent (M* I Beginning Monday and while the large assortment on hand lasts, we offer a collec- r^^LjF/ sign.^Theset for - 3^; .^L •*
X leather tips, I tion of slightly damaged Household and Kitchen Utensils— agateware, tinware, wooden- JkO^sX. - 12 persons KjAAjJiAAM^b It
j; wide com toes, or I ware> white enameled ware> Bird Cage?> Wash K o ii e r3, Tubs, etc., at a frac- rit^b^^ $15.50 /J -J
{I 2ST.SE? €^^^/Zj tion of their real -calm. Most of these goodi are as good as if perfect, N §Jf^ 6 K^cfn?" G?s '''...W/ \
at heels, sizes 6to . "¦ -^ * from a standpoint of usefulness, being culled from the stock because of [;ff^m\ \^^f Light Lamps--com- < $$w' /4 j»
* B— per pair...- 850 slight flaws and imperfections. There are many articles, but only a few of 1^ ; W ; . _ : 7>f plete with burner, £jL -J
J» -sf^^S? Children's Kanga- each. Here is the way we have marked them : ?|!f>'*/ mantel, chimney and lT }t
5, (^vT I roo Calf Lace ' n^--^ ;; — l^=, — t x*""~* shade, as in picture «!•
at Vi^^Vdl Shoe— new Large Enameled Dish Pans 29c Enameled Rice and Milk Boilers 3Gc Tin Pans, 2J ; Tin-covered Buckets.. 3 O i J 500 \
X \ '¦¦ vQ/O opera toe? and Enameled Tea and Coffee Pots 250 Brass Cuspidors, loaded bottom 35c Large Agate Foot Tubs, 870— etc., etc. J=&' Brittelite Mantela. 150 "ir
| r^PV S&S2S * Special Sale Good Values in ££!% 3ii ss * ;sV " w 4i| |
»: ga»C^^ S'sa'^'' Ladies' "Stuttgarter" High-grade Clothing. \
ai '""' Sizes 8J to 11... ¦* ** •* f: £ssK I-amp. like picture, bowl \
X $1,23 Unsurpassed assortments of all styles of Underwear from — . Prices to make S^YK an< * "¦' rirh 'hade to It
£• Sizes Hi to 2 $1.43 which to make selections— the largest Ladies' and Children's ffW/j 1 Ql business lively dur- i^^^y" mateh ~ com P !eteff5 ° %
Xt- "Jl Boys' Kangaroo Hosiery and Underwear Department in the West. A special JN7?a\ Jww yfcx inff an ordinarily f '' r^" ° d x> dec ° rat^ d j«
I t^S -new'ln'r 9 Bale ot Wonien ' s " s^* r " Underwear d^ the /n^WjTV^\ *5l period Par- *15sM ? 'SSo 5
*" I'f^JsL* toeTand me™ coming week. /) 1 \^ji '• ticular attention is Gold Band China Dcs- sZ^CT^j^s i
** hi 16%\ dium heavy Special sale of "Stuttgarter," No. 105-the finest L$A <¦ \^ A* &!/%*& called to the qual- sert Plates— set of 6 '^^^-^^ ,%
X y. IF-&1 soles, spring grade of this Celebrated Sanitary Wool Underwear for Women- \\ L L//\l // I ity of the Men's ''TmerYeTn Potter? M *k&^ -*
g, 1/ vV|-- J>l^aw heels, a strong Vests, Pants and Combination Suits. This underwear is famous N/£»\§ 7 I J JJ J Ca FM Cnit, (1 t «in r •! I ! j w!.. j /#// ; •\ v\ • <f
S C=4C^V-N shoe for hard for its healthfulness and good wearing qualities. No. 105 is \&% /)//(// Serge Suits at $10. Cuspidors red bine and (f/.ff,^ ij }....) 3
X I X^ \ 1 service, sizes 9 medium weight, the most suitable for this climate; vests .are L^t^l / / f A BOYS* Suits fon &. een so ™ m >O\v" "5
* to 13J-per Bingle or double breasted, as desired; pants finished with Tlf&I /I * $5.00 — All - wool stippled witn gold— , fs
J* PP a ir $1.30 French yoke or string band -sizes 28 to 44 -on special sale /VU/V I tt Blue Cheviot, for boys eacn ouo Amo - an Vn . -5
X Boys' Vici Kid this week only, at a reduction of J^SNI 13 t0 19 . ?"? _^?W teA Tea Pofs- I?
!; tf\*M hh a f e shoes> 25 P er cent off Regular Prices. / f\ breasted sack coat, J^StFh new 3 -™** *
X -M toes aEd tins " / strongly made, well lined and guaran- WE I\\ AUA 0 Xf cei l or . b !j. 9 •!
I L ?^>, e?ed wff niM-f2MKnC f*%» / teed t0 fit P^ctly-this lot is the \N|L yUnb Tn ? \A Jsn S
i Ns.iM a hand Tome GUrtatHS fO^ / I best that we have e.er offered for the Wf M 0 grown ffe '?
$ W^K. t£sZ- H 1900. \Q(I J Toys' Sailor Suits for ™ *»*-*«> |
g VO Z^stss Several cases of new spring goods received last week. We (Tgf I^f 'lines SU2 S
«; Ladies' n, are now P re P ared to Bhow the l ai^ eB t and prettiest line of Lace \W ¦' B i ue g crge s a n or s u j t3 j n the new SpSCialS* *
at Lace Shoo \t[ /£ Curtains in all grades that has yet been shown in the big store. Blouse style, guaranteed pure worsted \ clearing sale of this season's pat- *5
g JM — r Curtains ' 3 yards IODg ' Point d>Esprit &O- P ff*fto^ desigD and haDd3omely Wfflß " &^zz^&stfz£ *
* C/atf" (MM P^^jili^^iPiil^^ -£$!£sJ%S^^ "ft Tapestry Carpet, with heders to 5
Jf basket cloth /ISIWJ ° r ° w ' ndow8 ' P" pair $1 50 rap -j d , y Jn favor wHh the pa^ nts of gan Franda * 0 and oa tch-per yard 450 •*
at tops, sewed S**&*^M*J Splendid imitation of genuine Battenberg Lace Curtain*, plain vicinity. They are guaranteed to equal in wearing qualities 75c Tapestry Carpets, with borders to %
X soles, a practi- fl^ centers, per pair $2.75 any $7.50 suits sold in the city— 2o styles in all-wool goods, match ; also Hall and Stair Patterns— per S
*. cal stylish shoe, Heavy Venetian Point Battenberg Imitation Lacs Curtains, exclusive patterns, from which to make selection. yard 56\c *5
it all sizes " insertion and edge, per pair $4 50 Eoyn'Now Ws isis, 50c — spring styles- each 90c Best Grades, 10-Wire Tapestry—
¥. ; $I*9B Irish Point Curtains, 3J yards by £0 Inches, new patterns, per furnished with two detachable collars. pe «, ya I d^::, # ,V\ ', ?.^° *2
X .. ~ — ¦ pair $3.75 Men's Sorgo Suits, 3W.00. These are our _ll.lO^ton Velvets -elegant d^ j
J Linen waiUCS. . Bobinet Ruffled Curtains, with edge, per pair $4.59 famous Fast Blue Suits for men that we guarantee are equal to L 25 Body Brussels- per yard— 92\O «
X It costs exactly the same to have your Arabian Lace Curtains, perfect design?, very heavy borders with the ordinary $15.00 suit that Is advertised They come single U. 35 Axminster Carpets, with borders
I SXiUr.*lZ2&?£! B*. »Tt2— I•* ™ ffl « °"' « ill •*• » d Tgto "°» 7*7 * I£2££?~ 5,0.00. j^L * ¦ WbII Paper. %
It are in receipt of a large supply of hand- „P . ' l"l ''"""! .' *Z*'Vn them to select from— heavy or medium weight— all-wool ker- VwlUtfOW SiIBUCSm It
X Borne sets made to our own order in pat- Genuine Brussels Lace Curtains, per pair $6.50 B eya, coverts and worsteds- made with satin sleeve linings and Housecleanimr time is almost her* -2
J terns absolutely new, the prices and Genuine Battenberg Lace Curtains, several odd lots, 3to 6 pairs double warp sateen body linings -fashionably cut and an ex- - n Are you planning to replace any «
Jt qualities of which will commend them to each, now marked, per pair. $4.5(3 to $17. 00 traordinary value at the price. 0 | th e room^? ifyoa are we can help %
X appreciative buyers. — — — — — ~— '¦ — - — - yon to ge i ect a ' suitable and pretty paper «J
I "TrS. TvTt^s'l Groceries and Liquors— Emporium Prices, j^/i.r r^ =trf A f i?
X yards long $3.00 Here's where the big store saves the people money on their purchases. Direct grocery telephone South 59. perhaps on the price of papers. •*
£» Napkins, 24x24 inches, in patterns to ' Sugar— Rest Dry Granulated— 2l lbs Soups- Campbell's Concentrated, ' 83- Eourbon Whiskny— Old Govern- Ingrain Papers, suitable for Parlor. Dining- .1
at match, per dozen $3.00 for SI.QO sorted, tins containing enough to make oent — bottled at distillery — bottle room and Bedroom, just recently re- •*
*>* Bleached Table Cloths, extra choice, 3£ Catsup— Golden Rule brand— bottle... six plates Ifio Sso ceived from the factories, new colorings, Jn
h yards long, each $4.75 2Oc Soap — Babbitt's Best— 7 bar 5... .250 Irish IV/isAroy— Keegan's Belfast — per bolt < which contains about qiantity .1
at Napkins, 24x24 inches, to match, per Shrimps— Banb&T'a Barataria-tin... Eg a Noodles— 3 pkg3 for 250 bottle $1.09 of paper in 3 ordinary rolls) 330 5
X dozen $4.00 •••• 2QO buckwheat — Best Eastern— lo-lb Table Claret— very choice— case of Bedroom, Hall and Dining. room Papers in '<$
j£» Cloths for square tables, double damask. Pineapple — Sliced Singapore — 2 1b sacks 6'C a dozen quart bottles $2.85 good choice designs, per roll 7o ,v
%' 2Jx2j yards, each $6,00 tins 3 for 580 Popcorn -per lb 5o 50c allo-xed for return of lottles. Washable Tile Papers, new patterns, per •'
X Napkins, 26x26 inches, in patterns to Birdseed- Plain or Mixed— per lb .. English Breakfast Tea -a good ' „ , roll 300 V
X match, per dozen $5.50 •• Go quality— per lb .... 35: RoMmg -Gultgel or Hock, old ma- Genuine Oil Opaqne Shades. 37)*
5" About 200 Table Cloths from 2to 3 yards Essence Of Co ffeo — Cross & Scotch WMs*ey- Giitey- quart tured goods, the choicest that money inchO? by 7 feet 500 «J
g.j in length, without matching Napkins, Blackwell's— per bottle ...2 JO bottles $1.25 can buy, case of a dozen quart bottles Serviceable Opaque Shades, 36 inches by $
ft * are marked at very special prices, each Maltod Mltk — Horlick's — small size Tom Gin — Gilbey— choicest on the $4.50 7 feet ~.350 '%
j£ ' -'"¦¦' $1.55 to $2.85 -49 C, large size BOC market— bottle $1.35 50c allozced for return of bottles. Felt Shades, 33 inches by 7 feet 150 «5
X *
17If the dark lantern sesEionj of the Board of Edu
cation indicate anything they axe reasonably good
proof that local "civil service" is a convenient way
of hiding that old and familiar policy that to the vic
tors belong the spoils.
There is something grewsomely novel i n the
method employed by Chinatown tongs to remove one
another from their sphere of usefulness. They don't
care whom they kill as long as they kill somebody.
The investigation of the election of Senator Clark
of I\fontana possesses one consoling aspect at least
When they buy politicians in Montana they appear to
play the favorites and buy the whole bunch.
An Oakland Judge .has reached the judicial con
clusion that "craps" is not a banking game. I s it
possible that his Honor is looking for a job on the
reorganized police force of San Francisco?
OUR FOREIGN TRADE.
THE trade statistics of the four years ending
June 30, 1899, are of interest. England and her
dependencies remain our heaviest customers,
taking more than half our agricultural exports. Ger
many follows next as a long second, and France ranks
third as a consumer of the surplus of our farms.
These three take 75 P«r cent of all of it. Of the re
mainder the Netherlands took 4.3 per cent, Belgium
36, Canada 3.5, Italy 2.2, and Spain 1.5. Their trade
accounts for 15. 1 per cent of the 25 per cent not
taken by England, Germany and France. This leaves
0.9 per »'cent, which went to Brazil, Cuba, the Brit
ish West Indies, Mexico, British Africa, European
Russia, Denmark, Hongkong, Japan, Portugal, Swe
den and Norway, Hayti and Australia.
The increase in our agricultural exports was to sup-
*¦'¦ *-¦' 4f ' ¦ - :
FEW DAYS
We will CLOSE OUT several odd lots or
BOYS' and CHILDREN'S CLOTHING In
REEFERS, DOUBLE - BREASTED AND
MIDDYS, ages 4 to 16 years, at LESS THAN
COST OF MATERIAL.
A lot of ALL-SILK BLACK MOIRE TAFFETA RIBBON, 5 Inches wide,
reduced from 40c to 25c per yard.
A larg-e lot of COLORED BEADED ORNAMENTS. SILK GIMPS and
REMNANTS of FURS, at ONE-QUARTER of COST PRICE— an ex-
traordinary bargain.
A large assortment of LADIES* WHITE APRONS, finished with de«p
hem and tucks or Insertion of embroidery, reduced to 25c, 35c and
50c each.
A large lot of LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL SKIRTS, with embroidered
scalloped edge or umbrella flounce, reduced to 45c each.
1 case of LADIES' SILK HOSE, in Cream. Tan, Pink and Gray, reduced
from $1.60 to 50c Der ra.lr.
Slightly Off.
"Analine Munnyburn," he screamed In
a paroxysm of agony, ''yeu will drive me
to drink!"
"Excuse m«," she murmured, with ths
hauteur that was the one drawback to
her charm, "but you'll have to see the
coachman.
PRETTY VELVET COSTUME.
The costume represented is of soft col
ored velvet. The corsage is very open
round the shoulders, and the yoke, which
is of white velvet, very much Indented, la
trimmed with sable, and ornamented with
small gold beads, with a velvet, flower in
front. The corsage fastens beneath the
arms; the waistband is of gold tissue. The
skirt has a tunic, open down the side,
edged with sable. The underskirt matches
the yoke.
GalHet'i Ice Cream and Cakes. 105 Lari'.a
St.; tel. East 198. •
Want the Tracks Removed.
Resolutions adopted by the Sunnyslde
District Improvement Club at a recent
meeting were , yesterday presented to tho
I
Things are not always what they seem. The inves
tigations of the Police Commission to date have re
vealed the fact that "the bad Dan Burns" of the Ex
aminer editorials is identical with the "good Dan
Burns" whose favors were to be had for the asking
by the editor of the Examiner.
The "aristocratic" Albany society which invited a
speaker of national reputation to address it upon a
subject of international interest and then hissed his
every word might, without injury, take a few lessons
in plebeian manners.
Her First Tragedy.
The Mother~-What Is the matter, deart
The Young Wife— l thought Td sttrpria*
George with something nice for dinner to-
day, mamma, and I put some eggs into
the oven to bake, and th-they burst and—
and sp-spattered all— all over ev-ev-every-
thing, and 1 wish I was dead. — Chicasa
Tribune.
The Fastest Train Across the Can*
tlnent.
Th« California Limited. Santa F» Roots.
Connecting train leave* 5 p. to., Monday.
'Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Us* ta
the East. Ticket office. <28 Market itmt.
Edith (aged B>— "What are husbands?
Ethel (aged 6)— Why, husbands ar«
things you tie strings on to to maJt* them
remember to buy things.— Puck.
MRS. STANFORD
ENTERTAINS
The Faculty and Trustees
From Palo Alto Received
at California Street
Mansion.
The Stanford mansion, on California
street, was the scene of a brilliant gath
ering yesterday afternoon, when Mrs.
Stanford entertained the trustees, faculty
and assistant teachers of Stanford Uni
versity. The trustees and faculty were
accompanied by the members of their re
spective families, and it was the first time
Mrs. Stanford entertained under her roof
all those connected with the university
that bears her name. Professor and Mrs.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler were the only out
siders present, and the reception really
Personally Conducted Excursions
In lmororwi wlde-veatlbuled Pullman tourist
¦leeplng cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas Ctty ev«ry Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Bo«toa. Montreal
and Toronto every "Wednesday. To Bt. Lcuis
every Sunday. To 6t. Paul every Sunday aa4
Friday. Ticket office. «28 Market street.
Five hundred Pyrography Outfits now
In stock, $5, Jo and J3 each. SWm. Leather
and Wooden articles for burning, and de-
signs to work from. Sanborn. Vail & Co
741 Market street. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mja:-
eomery street. Telephone Main 104Z •
Townsend's Cal. glace frulta, 60c lb. at
735 Market st.. will move back In Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel, 639 llarke. St. •
THE SITUATION IN KENTUCKY
A DISPATCH from Frankfort concerning th«
affray between Colonel Colson and Lieuten
ant Scott, in which three men were killed and
others severely wounded, says: "It is regarded as
fortunate that the affair had no relation to politic.
and that both the principals and two of the dead be
longed to the same political party, so that the trouble
could not be traced to politics by any sort of rea
soning. It is believed the affair will have a terroriz
ing and yet tranquillizing effect on everybody here."
If the statements of the dispatch be well founded,
and the angry political factions in Kentucky be
brought by the fearful tragedy of last Tuesday to
put restraint upon their passions, we may have an
other illustration of an evil resulting in good. It is
safe to say that if the political contest should once
pass from words to pistol shots there would be
started a series of affrays in every pan of the State,
and the feuds resulting from them would lead to fur
ther bloodshed for years tn mm*.
It is gratifying to note that the leaders on each side
have counseled moderation all along. It has been
largely due to their efforts that peace has been pre
served so far. The source of danger lay in the deter
mination of certain Democrats to carry the struggle
imo the Legislature for the purpose of seating Goe
bel as Governor despite the action of the State Com
mission, a Democratic body, in declaring Goebel de
feated and giving a certificate of election to Taylor
Democrats outside the State have been active in
trying to save their party in Kentucky from the
blunder of counting Goebe] in by a partisan action of
the Legislature, and the counsel has had considerable
influence. The situation seems to have had a sobering
effect even upon William Jennings Bryan, for th:
Louisville Post asserts that Senator Blackburn re
cently received a letter from him in which Bryan
said: "It appears to me that the action of the Demo
crats in Kentucky is without precedent. The Repub
licans have been given the certificates, and it would
appear to an outsider that the best interests of the
Democratic party demand that the Republicans be al
lowed to serve out the full terms of the State offices
In fact, I believe the salvation of the party to a cer
tain extent depends upon the abandonment by the
Democrats of the contest proceedings."
If Bryan wrote such a letter it is one of the things
in his political career which can be quoted to his
credit. There is. in fact, nothing in the situation in
Kentucky to justify either eide in a resort to violence
no matter what the other side may do. If the Demo
crats be w,se they will abandon all efforts to reopen
the controversy and will permit Taylor to hold his
office b peace. If, however, they take up the issue
in the Legislature and by reason of their majority in
that body unseat Taylor through the forms of law it
ma then be the duty of the Republicans to submit
It will not be long before there will be a new dec
lion and a new appeal to the people, and to that ap
peal the parry- which deems itself wronged in the
present may safely trust. The warning of the dreadful
occurrence at Frankfort can hardly be overlooked or
ignored, and it is to be hoped even the most reckless
partisans on either side will profit by the lesson.
A League Rally.
A Leaguo of the Cross rally and essay
contest will be held In St. Peter's Hall,
Florida street, between Twenty-fcruxthand
Twenty-flfth, at 2:30 this afternoon.
An elaborate, literary and musical pro-
gramme haa been prepared. Rerv. Father
Yorke will address the meeting.
AMUSEMENTS.
OrphpUßi— VauSerille.
California— "In Paradise."
Columbia— "A Winter's Tale."
Tiroll— "The Idols Eye."
Grand Opera-house— "Pen Cea*ar of Irun."
A!hambra-"At Gay Coney I.lana."
Alcazar-"Lafly ViaSenner*-. Fan."
T rr £ vt '* s ' Zo ° * ad Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon and
Olj-ir-pla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— S peclaltlea.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Fherman-CUy Hall— Pong Recital. Monday evening. Janu-
OtLkland Racetrack— Rac<>g to-morrow.
partook more of the nature of an Immense
family gathering than a formal function.
The mansion was aglow with many
lights. Here and there. In exquisite bowls
and vases, stately lilies nodded their
snowy blossoms, in the dinlngr-room rich
golden blgnonias were used wltii telling
effect.
The hours of th© reception wer© from S
till 6, during: which time soms three hun
dred Invited eruests paid their respects to
their hostess. A band of ten natives, Jn
the costume of their Island home, played
and sang beautiful Hawaiian melodies,
the "Aloha Ohe" belnjj Included In their
Belectlons. Mrs. Stanford was attired in
a white satin gown trimmed with rars
old lace. Her ornaments were pearls and
diamonds. Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. Mr*.
Charles Lathrop and Miss Berner assisted
Mrs. Stanford In receiving her guests.
Very 6hortly Mrs. Stanford will enter
tain the Stanford boys at her home in
Palo Alto. On June IS the lady leaven
for a year's visit abroad.
Board of Supervisors requesting that the
Southern Pacific Company b« forthwith
notified to remove the tracks of Its road
In the Mission district, which Is operated
•without a franchise. Attention Is called
to the killing: of people by the cars at
Sunnyside and other localities and to the
necessity of Immediate action to prevent
further loss of livea.
— Denver Newm.
ALL DOORS LOOK ALIKE TO HIM.
CLEMENT ANSWERS SQUIRES.
Another Contribution to the Civil
Service Controversy.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest,
Editor of The Call: O. D. Squires has a
communication in your Issue of to-day refer
ring to and commenting upon an editorial In
your issue of yesterday, entitled "Reform Go
ing Backward," In which he freely mentions
my name and seeks to draw from me a state
ment of the legal grounds upon which I, as
the original author of the civil service law
embodied In the charter, would, if called upon
to do so, defend that part of the law which
prohibits removals of appointees except for
cause, and guarantees tenure during good be
havior.
It was claimed in the editorial to which Mr.
Squires approvingly alludes that the logical
result of the decision of the Supreme Court of
this State in the recent case of Patton vs.
Board of Health. 19 Cal., December IS. hold-
Ing that "health Inspectors" are "officers"
within the meaning of section 16, article XX,
of the constitution, and that their TERM of
office not having been declared by the legis
lature, they hoid only during the pleasure of
the Board of Health, and are removable at the
will and pleasure of the board Is "TO REN
DER NUGATORY AND VOID THE ENTIRE
CIVIL SERVICE SYSTEM CREATED BY
THE CHARTER."
Mr. Squires applauds the sentiments con
tained In the editorial, and somewhat glaringly
exposes his lack of knowledge of the real basis
of the civil service law by saying: "The Su
preme Court has RAISED THE QUESTION, as
you have pointed out In Patton vs. Board of
Health. • • • • If Mr. Clement is the man
I take him to be he win now come forward
and clear up this civil service mess — he being
In part responsible for It."
Tes, If being the author of the law and its
champion through two successive Boards of
Freeholders would constitute evidence of re
sponsibility I am Indeed partly responsible for
it; but as to Its being a "mess" by reason of
Its alleged conflict with section 16, article XX.
of the constitution, an construed by any recent
or former decision of th* Supreme Court. I beg
leave to arraign Mr. Squires for his thought
less and slighting characterization, and to say
to him through your columns that he only ex
poses his Ignorance of the civil service law by
so designating It.
Wlthout taking upon myself the labor of pre
paring a brief for the purpose of educating
Mr. Squires and acquainting him with the
points upon which I will, if called upon by
the city authorities to do so. defend the civil
service law against any attacks "the push"
may make upon it based upon its unconstltu
tlonallty under section 16. article XX. of the
constitution, I will now, with your permission,
call attention to a few tacta that will abund
antly show that we need not trouble ourselves
about constitutional objections which have not
yet arisen and which. In all probability, never
will arise.
The principle applied In Patton vs. Board of
Health la not at all new. The questions In
volved In the case have not "Just been raleed."
The same doctrine has been frequently laid
down in our Supreme Court in former decleions,
even as far back In the history of the State as
1857, in the case of People vs. Hill (7 Oil., 97).
in which the court held that "a law which pro
vides that an officer may be removed In a cer
tain way, or for a certain cause, does not re
strain or limit the power of removal to the
cause or manner indicated." l'o not suppose
for an instant that the author of the civil
service law was ignorant of these decisions of
our Supreme Court. THE FORCE AND VALUE
OF THE CIVIL SERVICE LAW DOES NOT
DEPEND UPON LIFE TENURE OR TEN
URE DURING GOOD BEHAVIOR. It depends
upon the manner in which apoolntments are
made rather than upon the length of their ten-
It is not admitted for one moment tliat the
constitution and laws of the State of California
AS THEY NOW STAND are repugnant to that
portion of the civil service law embodied In the
charter of San Francisco which contemplates
that the tenure of office of all deputlos, clerks,
copyists and employes appointed thereunder
Bhall be during good behavior. That is a ques
tion which will be mot whPn it arises. It will
be time enough to crocs the stream when we
get to It.
Assuming, however, that section 16, article
XX of the constitution prohibits tenure of office
for a longer period than four years, and that
all deputies, clerks, copyists and employes of
the city government who are appointed under
the civil service law are "officers" who can be
removed at the pleasure of the appointing
power, what officer or head of department
would remove a good and efficient appointee
when he Is required under the civil service law
to fill his place by a requisition upon the Civil
Service Commissioners, who send him a substi
tute appointed under the merit system after a
competitive examination?
"When the head of a department knows that
by removing or discharging an efficient deputy,
clerk or employe without Just cause he gains
nothing by It and cannot fill his place by
appointing, a personal friend or political fol
lower, but must resort to the Civil Service
Commission, whose appointee he is COM
PELLED to receive, he will in the natural
order of things let well enough alone. There
will be no Incentive or inducement on the part
of heads of departments to remove or dis
charge efficient deputies, clerks or employes,
when they have no power to fill their places
by others of their own choosing. Therefore,
even if the constitution and laws as they now
stand shall be held and construed by the Su
preme Court to give the right to heads of de
partments to remove appointees at their will
and pleasure, it will in no degree impair or
destroy the efficacy of the civil service law as
to the manner of appointments where MERIT
will be looked to and not POLITICAL
FAVORITISM WITH ITS ATTENDANT
CORRUPTION AND INEFFICIENCY.
Then again, assuming that the various
DEPUTIES of the department are "offlrers"
within the meaning of section 16, article XX of
the constitution, and are removable without
cause, c-ven then the effectiveness of the civil
service law for good would not be seriously
impaired, for the reason that the great bulk
of the clerical force In all the departments of
the- city government (which the civil service
law is Intended to protect) are clerks, copyists
and other kinds of employes who cannot by
any mode of construction be denominated "of
ficers."
The teachers In our public schools enjoy the
prlvlltjte of tenure of office during Rood be
havior and cannot be removed without cause.
It was bo held In the case of Kennedy vs. The
Board of Kducatlon, 82 Gal. 453. The clerks,
copyists and other classes of employes are no
more "officers," and Indeed not so much as the
school teachers, and yet teachers have been
protected in the tenure of office for years,
notwithstanding section 16. article XX of the
constitution.
I would, therefore, suggest to Mr. Squire*
and the "push" generally that they do not too
hastily take It for granted that the civil ser
vice law Is "nugatory and void." Walt until
you hear from the Supreme Court In a case
arising under the charter and th« constitution
and laws as they now stand.
HENRY N. CLEMENT.
€an Francisco, Jan. 20.
THE RIGHT OF SEARCH.
IT seems to be agreed that Great Britain's reply to
our diplomatic note on the seizure of American
flour in neutral bottoms cleared from an American
to a neutral port leaves in an equivocal position her
claim of right to seize and search neutrals on the
high seas. As far as the note has been made public
it does not appear to abandon that claim. A state
ment is made that her naval officers will hereafter be
guided by the neutral ship's manifest. If it show no
contraband in the cargo the ship will not be searched.
But the neutral ship must first be seized and her cap
tain must yield to the peremptory order of a British
officer to exhibit her manifest. Suppose that he re
fuse to heave to when ordered, and if halted by a
cannon shot he refuse to exhibit his manifest to one
who by American law has no right to see it, does the
present state of the British claim of right mean that
his ship is to receive a prize crew and be sailed into
an English port for condemnation?
There were American captains on deep water once
who would refuse to obey on the high seas a de
grading order from a British officer, who had no
more right to issue it than Lafitte or Captain Kidd.
Perhaps there arc none now.
But, whether there are or not. the claim of Great
Britain is simply a renewal of her aggressive policy
of claiming the oceans as her own, with the right
to obstruct and pirate the world's commerce which
traverses them. The manifest of an American ship is
in a high sense a document of commercial confi
dence; when an American deep water ship is entered
at a Custom-house of the United States her mani
fest is not tacked on the wall for public inspection.
It concerns only the customs service and the owners
of the ship and of her cargo. If a British officer
should enter an American Custom-house and de
mand possession of the outward manifest of an Amer
ican ship he would speedily hear of something to his
disadvantage.
The English note is said to abandon seizure of food
as contraband "under ordinary conditions." What
are ordinary conditions and what extraordinary?
There are no definitions furnished. The note is posi
tively no assurance of the safety of our commerce.
It is believed, of course, that "ordinary conditions"
in the British diplomatic dictionary means when the
foodstuff is on the way to a British port to feed the
British army which is trying to invade the Trans
vaal. Hay and oats are notoriously going from this
country to the Cape to feed British cavalry horses
and draft animals. In like manner our flour and
tinned goods of all descriptions are going to her
ports for the sustenance of her invading soldiers. The
right of a neutral to sell to either belligerent is un
deniable. Therefore, what right has England to
seize American goods going to a neutral port, lest the
merchandise reach her enemy?
The test of her sincerity and her definition of "or
dinary conditions" would be the finding of American
contraband of war in a neutral bottom consigned to
her own ports. Does any one believe that she would
seize such contraband or disclose its existence, ex
cept, perhaps, by offering it convoy to its destina
tion?
American interests require that the British answer
to the American note be made public. If becoming
"a world power" has made it necessary to smother
inquiries like that raised by Senator Hale's resolution,
then popular rights are incompatible with the inter
ests of a world power.
But no such thing is done in England. There the
Ministerial benches in the Commons must answer
inquiries of this kind or take the consequences. Not
a movement of the Ministry in military or civil af
fairs can be held back. Is this Government less re
sponsible to the people than the British monarchy?
We feel that this issue very deeply concerns the
commercial interests of American citizens, and is des
tined to affect the future current of politics in this
country.
A prominent Eastern imperialist recently said:
"Every American expansionist should stand by Great
Britain against the South African republics, for her
cause there is the same as ours." While such dam
aging utterances are being indulged in, the British
seizure of German ships on the high seas is not only
enraging German sentiment on the Continent, but
that feeling infects the vast German population of this
country, as is everywhere shown by the German ex
pressions in the pro-Boer meetings which are being
held throughout the United States.
In our judgment nothing can be more unfortunate
than that those who profess to speak for the President
shall persistently identify our policy with that of Eng
land and make them so apparently interdependent
that one stands or falls with the other.
The claim of England to do purely piratical acts on
deep water, directed against neutral commerce, is in
tolerable. It exceeds even the pretensions of Bona
parte's Berlin decree, by which he outlawed all na
tions that maintained commerce with Great Britain
and condemned their property to seizure on the high
seas as contraband. Great Britain winced under that
decree and it was the means of enabling her to form
the alliance which finally overthrew Bonaparte and
the French empire at Waterloo. Her present claim,
even if limited to the forcible inspection of manifests,
is no more tenable nor tolerable than the Berlin de
cree. It is equally dangerous to the freedom of com
merce and is made for exactly the same purpose that
actuated Bonaparte— the forcible and criminally ag
gressive extension of empire.
Surely the people of the United States want no
partnership in such, a policy,, and the early spirit of
the Republican party rises in protest against it.
ply an increased demand in Great Britain, Germany,
France, Belgium, Canada, the Netherlands, Japan,
Italy, Denmark and British Africa. Our export trade
with Central and South America was less in 1899 than
in 1894, and seems to be rapidly disappearing. It re
ceived a great impulse from the Venezuela incident,
but has declined ever since the Spanish war.
Our exports to Asia for the five year period
amounted to 1.16 per cent of our whole export trade,
and increased from $3,801,998 in 1894 to $14,671,349
for the fiscal year 1898, or at the rate of $2,173,870 per
year, hardly making good the losses in our own hem
isphere.
The hold of Europe on the trade of 75,000,000 of
people in our own hemisphere has been greatly en
larged and apparently for entirely political reasons.
From the Rio Grande to the Straits of Magellan there
seems to be a fear of the motives of the % United
States, and the erection of statues to Mr. Monroe has
ceased.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAjNTJARY 21, 1900.
CONDITIONS IN PORTO RICO
THE people of Porto Rico were not in revolt
against Spain, nor were they disposed to defend
her sovereignty of the island. When our army
of occupation landed on their shores, after the fall of
Santiago and the practical defeat of Spain in Cuba,
the Porto Ricans welcomed us, and the small Spanish
force there made no more than a perfunctory resis
tance.
The island had been prosperous, through its com
mercial relations with Spain, and the people were in
a fair state of thrift and contentment.
We have had jurisdiction over the island for more
than a year and a half, during which it has been an
annexed appendage of the United States. The change
of flags ended its trade with Spain, as all its products
were at once scheduled as foreign and subjected to
the rates fixed by the Spanish protective tariff upon
foreign merchandise. At the same time they were ex
cluded from our markets fixed by the American pro
tective tariff. The result, of course, has been a ces
sation of commerce. The Porto Ricans, compelled to
stew in their own juice, and being unable to eat each
other, have lapsed into a condition of dire misery and
distress. The last Congress went by without legisla
tion that should fix the metes and bounds of their
new status. They have remained under military gov
ernment, and the only moves .made have been the
rather remarkable report made by the commission
sent there to measure them for the garments of gov
ernment and the President's recommendation that the
Jamaica reciprocity treaty,- be extended to their
products. The government recommended for them
was based on a denial of their right to elect to even
the smallest political office. They were to have a Gov
ernor General, appointed by the President. That
Governor was to appoint certain district deputies,
and these in turn were to choose local subordinate
officers, down to the least.
The President's recommendation as to the admis
sion of their trade has not met with favor, and the
Jamaica treaty, which was the model chosen by the
executive, has been picked to pieces by the American
interests which it antagonized. These interests are
largely Californian, and the opposition of this State
is already embattled at Washington and is busy in
the assault.
Meanwhile the condition of Porto Rico increases in
difficulty and distress. Much of the productive realty
of the inland was under mortgage when the transfer
of sovereignty occurred. These mortgages were
largely contracted for extension of industrial enter
prises, for the long disturbed conditions of Cuba had
destroyed Cuban trade with Spain and increased the
demand for Porto Rican products and the profits of
their production. Our military authorities last year
decreed that these maturing mortgages should be ex
tended one year, the limit to expire January 29, 1900.
As the limit was approached ability to pay the mort
gages declined for lack of a foreign market and by
the universal stagnation of trade. A native of the
island has just reported to Washington that the situa
tion is acute. Out of a total population of 1,000,000
there are 2<58.000 abject beggars, and as many more
living in awful poverty, contriving to underfeed them
selves and avoid beggary. So that more than half the
people are in squalor and want. This agent says:
"The foreign commerce of the island has shrunk to
almost nothing, and will not revive as long as freedom
of trade with the United States is denied. We are
worse off now than when under Spanish rule, ras
cally and oppressive as it was, and unless something
is speedily done to relieve our suffering the island
will sink to a state of wretchedness and pauperism im
possible to describe."
The protected interests of the United States, accus
tomed to a tariff defense against the cheaper labor of
the tropics, protest against Porto Rican competition,
for exactly the same reason that was in their demand
for protection. The change of flags does not change
conditions for the domestic producer. He founded an
industry under our system. To take away his pro
tection now and admit the Porto Rican competition
which caused it to be provided for him will, from the
protective standpoint, transfer American prosperity
to the island and Porto Rican pauperism and distress
to the United States.
Harpers' Weekly, which is strongly imperialist, ad
mits frankly that, bad as Spanish rule was and dis
tressing as it was in the burden of taxation imposed,
our rule there imposes greatly higher taxes, while the
industrial decline makes them harder to pay.
Yet it may be taken as absolutely true that Con
gress will not legislate on this subject at this session.
It will go over as Hawaii did last year and is likely
to again. But when, either by legislation or executive
order, the commercial relation is touched, American
interests are likely to wince painfully. There is no
reasoning that will reconcile our countrymen to part
with prosperity for the benefit of others. The Demo
cratic party tried it, and has never been able to leave
its sickbed since. Republican free trade is not differ
ent from Democratic free trade, and Republicans
simply will not submit to it. The only civil official
act affecting Porto Rico since our flag went there is
the authoritative order to spell the name Puerto Rico.
This of course is highly gratifying to the natives, who
are captious about the orthography of their insular
home. But, while Americans will put the required
letters in their proper place and bow to the ortho
graphical authority of their Government, they will not
as willingly obsolete their own industries and pauper
ize their own labor and part with their own profits to
trade their own prosperity for Porto Rican beggary
and want. The free trade policy of England adapts it
self automatically to such conditions. Had Porto Rico
fallen to her, instead of an increase of beggary there
would have been an immediate access of prosperity.
But the American is not the English system. If any
thing is abhorred of our people it is Cobden free
trade. American wages and conditions are not com
patible with the pauper labor of the tropics. It
makes no difference whether that competition comes
from twenty millions of pauper laborers in the tropics
under twenty different flags or under one flag, and
that our own. Our labor has just emerged from the
famine and squalor of a Democratic free trade experi
ment. It has a full belly and a stout arm, and in
memory of its recent experience will object to being
sent again to gnaw bones with the dogs while it
sees its full meal eaten by the lean kinc of the tropics.
ij/M Murphy Building 1 , /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
SUNDAY JANUARY 21, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE. .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main 18GS.
EDITORIAL HOOMS. 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered 1»y Carriers, 15 Centu Per Week.
>in;-l«- Coplen, 5 (<-n(«.
Terra* by Mall. Including; Pontniret
fIMI.Y CAUL. il!;rlm!lnc Sunday), one rrnr..|n.flO
I) Ml. V CALL. (Incluilinic Sunday), O montln. . 11.00
DAILY CALL (tni'luiline Sonday), 3 months.. 1 .."VO
DAILY CALL By Mntl.- Month Cso
*I.\UAV CALL One Year ÜB*\
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
AJI postmasters nre authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies « ill be forwarded \ihcn reanested
OAkIAXD OFFICE 008 Brondnray
C. GEOnGE KROGXESS.
Jliine'r Kori-icn Advertising. Marquette Dnild-
Ibk, Chicago.
KCW YORK CORHESPO\nEXTI
C. C CAJILTOX Herald «qnare
SEW YORK nEPUESEMATIVEi
PERUY UKEXS JR 29 Tribune Hutldlna
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDSi
Sherman lionsei P. O. .»na Co.j Great North- i
rra Hotel: I'rexuont Ilontei Andltorium Hotel.
SEW YORK NEWS STANDS i
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel t A. Brentnno. SI I'nloii
Saoarei Murray 11111 Hotel.
WASHINGTON <T>. C.) OFFICE. .AVrlMnjcton Hotel |
J. V. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — C 27 Montgomery, corner of |
Clay, open until O:XO o'clock. SOO Hayes,
opeu until O:3O o'clock. <KiJ> McAllister, open
nntll OUiO o'clock. «115 Litrkin. open nntll
O:3O o'clock. 1041 Mission, open nntll 1O
o'clock. 22«>i Market, corner Sixteenth, open
nntil O o'clock. IOUO Valencia, open until !> i
o'clock. lOii Eleventh, open until » oVlock. |
**V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, i
open until O o'clock.
AUCTION SALES.
18Monday, January 2?. 1300. at 8 p. m., at the
armory, Santa Rosa, for the election,"
etc.; but what is bothering the men 13
that they have no fatigue uniforms to
wear and cannot obey the order.
Order 1 of the Fifth conveys the infor
mation that nineteen men have been dis
charged from the regiment since previous
orders, sixteen on account of removal and
one each on account of enlistment ln the
United States army, expiration of term
of service and death.
First Lieutenant L. A. do Yoe has been
detailed as acting inspector of rifle prac
tice, vie© Borllnl, resigned.
Upon the recommendation of the respec
tive company commanders the following
appointments of company non-comissloned
officers axe hereby made and announced:
Sergeant James C. Pitts, Company C, to
be rirst sergeant, vice Dlckson, elected
captain; Corporal Thomas Silas, Company
C, to be sergeant, vice Kenelly, elected
second lieutenant; Corporal E. L. Robert-
Fon, Company C, to b© sergeant, vice
Hocking, discharged; Private James A.
O'Rourko, Company C, to be sergeant,
vice Stockdale, discharged; Private A. R.
Large, Company C, to be sergeant, vice
A. M. Adams, discharged; Private W. F.
Zimmerman, Company C, to be corporal,
vice R. S. Adams, discharged; Private J.
G. Edwards. Company C, to be corporal,
vice Winfield. discharged; Private C. L.
Harvey, Company C, to ba corporal, vice
D«an, discharged; Private Martin Tiessen,
Company C, to b© corporal, vie© Fleher,
discharged; Private J. F. Corcoran, Com
pany C. to be corporal, vice Derkln,
discharged: Private T. O. Munday. Com
pany C, to be corporal, vice Emerson, pro
moted; Private Rudolph Wolf, Company
C. to be corporal, vice Lindbolm, elected
first lieutenant; Private A. J. La Franchi,
fompany C. to be corporal, vice Alkire,
promoted; Private L. H. Patty, Company
C, to be musician, vice Ellsworth, dis
charged; Private James McDonald, Com
pany H, to b© sergeant, vice Wright,
el©ct*d second lieutenant: Private Albert
Ballmer, Company H. to b© corporal, vie*
R. 11. Stratton, discharged; Private J. R.
Kimtxrrlln, Company H, to b© oorporal,
vie© Simpson, discharged: Privat© Ralph
"Wells, Company H, to be corporal, vice
HIGH CARNIVAL
IS HELD BY THE
MAIL HANDLERS
Letter Carriers Give
an Annual Ball.
AFFAIR A SPLENDID SUCCESS
*
DR. J. F. DrLLON PRESENTED
WITH A HANDSOME CLOCK.
Members of the Association. Give a
Substantial Token of the Es
teem in Which They Hold
Their Physician.
The letter carriers of Ban Francisco
held high carnival ln Native Sons' Hall
last nlgrht, the occasion being the twelfth
annual ball of the Letter Carriers' Mutual
Aid Association. Elaborate arrangements
had been made for the affair and Its suc
cess was unqualified. About 200 couples
were ln attendance and enjoyed them
selves thoroughly. The decorations were
beautiful— that Is the only word that will
fittingly describe them. The balconies
were festooned with delicately colored
bunting, . entwined with garlands of
flowers, with varl-colored streamers ex
tending from the balcony rails to the cen
ter of the ceiling, from which suspended
a magnificent canopy-like mass of bright
ribbons and flowers. The stage waa al
most hidden from view by a mass of
palms, flowers and tastefully arranged
bunting, and behind this screen of beauty
the orchestra discoursed sweet music, to
which the light-footed dancers kept time.
During the evening a magnificent onyx
clock was presented to Dr. J. F. Dillon,
who has been the physician of the asso
ciation for twelve years. Conrad Trleber,
who mad© the presentation speech on be
half of the association, spoke feelingly of
the hirh retrard in which the doctor is
hefd by all tnt carriers, and his eulogistic
words were indorsed by a vigorous burst
of applause. Dr. Dillon was completely
surprised and almost overcome, but he
pulled himself together and made a fitting
response. The clock is a work of art as
well as a splendid timepiece. On a gold
•late at its base is engraved the following
inscription: "To Dr. J. F. Dillon as a
token of este«m from the San Francisco
Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Association,
January 20, 1900."
Tho success of the affair waa dv© to the
efforts of the following committees:
Committee of arrangemento— J. C. Murphy
(chairman). George W. Splller, Charles McAu
liffe R ii Beall, B. F. Ames, J. H. Haedrlch,
J. E. Welch, W. J. Pbelan, R. D. Barton, Con-
Reception committee— James H. Smith (chair
man) LoulS' E. Bolvln. W. W. O'Neill. P. J.
Whel'an, Guy Sawtelle. Joseph McGlll, E. J.
Martell S Sanders. J. I. Hogan, Charles Bee
burt W J. Booth, L. Marks, Fred Stanley,
Charles de la Fontaine.
Floor manager, W. J. Fhelan; assistant floor
managers, Jamea C. Murphy and George W.
Bpiller. „ _
Floor committee— R. H. Logan, Louis Catnes,
H. J. WIIIU, T. B. Mahoney, Charles Gould
PVank Tyrrell. M. Ott, IL M. Locke, Conrad
Bell. H. F. Logan, W. H. Barry. H. C. Van de
W'pter.
The officers of the association are: Joseph I.
Hogan, past president; W. J. Phelan. president;
C. M. Beeburt. first vice president; Charles Jlc-
Aulifte, second vice president; Charles de la
Fontaine, third vice president; Fred W. Fahren
holz, recording secretary; Frank Tyrrell, finan
cial secretary; R. D. Cunningham, treasurer;
L. E. Bolvln, sergeant at arms; O. Schulte, sen
tinel; Dr. J. F. Dillon, physician.
Board of directors— R. D. Barton (chairman),
J. C. Murphy, B. F. Ames Jr., I. Holz, H. M.
Locke. .
I IT RAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION. g
|p A F T f TAQTI7^W r^Q January : : : I
1 JL A A A UJSAJuJIN! O Clearance Sale 1
I 10 Surplus Stocks Will Be Placed on Sale This Week. |
| Phoenix Chair Co.'s Surplus Stock of Parlor Rockers, Leather, Wood and |
Upholstered Seats. §
§ Also their Surplus Stock of Dining Chairs. g
1 Luce Furniture Co.'s Surplus Stock of Odd Dressers, |
B. And their Surplus Stock of Chiffoniers. |
X Oliver Bros.' Co.'s Surplus Stock of Enamel Iron Beds. |
g Maddox & Co.'s Surplus Stock of Parlor and Library Tables. |
| West End Furniture Co.'s Surplus Stock of Book Cases. g
'"! Royal Mantel Co.'s Surplus Stock of Combination Desks, Book Cases, etc. |
c^^^^ %L 50' CARPETS. j£§£b^ I
/3f* A*i?l'j^=B£'/s's>^;sA *i?l'j^=B£'/5's>^;s . cay and «c« it i Genuine Brussels Carpets 40c |f>y '* ' ' '<' „ , *'lf\ fea O
£ •s^^- 2^^ 2 — 2^?!* and " ye your Genuine Velvet Carpets 90c g^.YA^.'^'v\U\ S
A ""^"S^'i^vS^^W mOT - tr - Genuine Aiminster Carpets 81 JffW\. Is
;¦} %V\ '. '^plii-^-Liij; t. ' Genuine Moquette Carpets $1 £f JjS sa ft
3 KiSVK-'r^VaV^R I Cnmkitf* l^PTain Carpets 40c XS >£r t« 3P
H^^^^^H A *- OCluIDa I Linoleum, per square yard «5c tt
I fpSIL"' 1 , Half Price MattmgSale 4^&6mtt I
3 'L- \s Bookcase. 2oc Faccy StraWi all TO!ors .. at iac §£^^%fiif^w#i||l %
O' 25c Fancy Jolr.tles?, all c010r5...^.. £
I Parlor Furniture. - S^S^.g 1
V- J26.W Parlor p i I • i ¦ !ieh«i. up.v>!<rter*d in <"c Inlaid Japanese Straw. . .at 30c O
V mi* damask; t-aie pric? $ 19.75 j 50c Imperial Japanese Mattlngß.... r?i<^^^"«ss.^P*^y^"iP&^^ Q
18-00 Par] i irra Chair, uphi !«t«red spring t at. at ItTVc t*^!^«n^fcf**?*^sSSi^^^j^s^ O
j: illk ii-apt: fi> price $5.75 You can buy full rolls, original ««¦>* ' ' **an%£t?iZpxe* mTT ' ' **& <O
ij; js.oo Can ed Corner chairs, upholstered ln silk ' packages, or by the yard — the entire sf \ J 5$
<Uima«k: raie price $G. 75 ; purchase Is shown. r .! X
<>. COO O&S Parlcr Cbalra, cpholstererf ¦eat- tale j Iran Wilton Rugs, 9x12 J?IS | * S
X °* $2^iO| Smyrna Door Rugs 65c *+^ a #¦% mm ** Q
I The Only Store In the City Giv- j Kens . in . g !? n .. A . xn ! lnster Rugs> 2 fs~ Q J [j / X |
Ing Bargains in Drapery ingT&in Art squares]' mV.V.s'^ao ipXV/» I C/« b
GnodS Datltsu Rubb 6 feet 10ng... .51.50 This handiome quarter-cawed Dr« B er. §
V UUUUS| Rug: Display on second floor. | highly polished, cast braes trlmmlnys, has
» COMMENCING TO-MORROW. A **r.~si~-~ • -.1- o. ' a 2ix3 °. lnc , h ° val French plate mirror. An «
g *1.10 a pa.r-Tour choice of a lot of Cur- ! A BaP^aill IH the Sale. "ceptlonal bargain for JjTIO.TS. M
•r- UinJ »o!(l up to CO) a pair ln one. two ar.4 «. «
z three pa:r»— some ar« eliKhtly soUed— full width _T_! *-^>. ft . 5 O
.V and leaeth. Limited Quantity-. >*-' - S ?M 7^ ' N J^SEtD S
8 SI.»O a pair-Your choice of a lot of fine L-lUML^- '^t-^ ¦JJ.JJ.JI tTTTTTTI
& Curuiir.e sold up to tS.DO a pair in email quan- r^S^J^^V^, L o I O
<>, titles— eorr-e Blightly colled— full width and 1/ '^^ \i j!_~ 7. ' nlt' I \ I*l W
¦•¦"•'¦ k ; Lir— Tour eh Ice •:' t. lot of fine ]J ff Y"?VV?^ -®I » -A- -//?1 S
jD; Curtains «old up to J7.M a pair ln email quan-! I ~^<; us^.i-K-^A. 's-lssttS B» II 1 'fl n ~' v m~ i~ .V ci
I- •¦ B-aome <L-htiy Bolied-full width L_®^>^ fe^U^S^^ -t' LW^rriT fe "T^'^A «
/¦? length. Limited quantlt}-. '? , ¦* - " -*-*_ . r. •FH n~^— l— LJl »"" — > : CNC/^i X
« r:vi: large cases of lace curtains f ' . ..-rlili ' ..ii — '"' -^ *' /tCWl'lki^o^K -^~^~P&s> S ' d «
- DIRECT FROM BT. GALL, FWITZER- 7. L .-. ¦- ?-.- v ' ~< -ft fi «S*&Ajn "I^^/^ "^^S) G^.-rirfU S
CH "* : £^ (nF^^^l <tQ f\f\ Worth 1
.1 Ft. Gall Bwlei Taia-JTHAX ANY NEW \\\ jl ,-,-,.- !ft/S Ifl B a>4(\f\f\ S :
¦r. bour <Mrta.ins ' GOODS SHOWN THIS |J| 11 C^A AH iUV/lV VI tbIU.UU. M
£ St. Gall Cordoa Car-! SEASON. // w tf£U<UU M
Jr> tains / Enameled Iron Bed— Extra heavy flUln», 8
§ St. Gall Nove!Ue» 1 I Q2AnUn.n~A brass spindles, top rods and mounts. .. S
3 *1-%O earh-Kor N>«rui ar.d oth«r heavy jlfl6Do3rfl. \A 89.00 8
V. Curtains for double and flngle doors, couch *»«w*/v*»a wa y Enameled Iron Bed— Heavy tram«, 1 ln. Q
C, covers etc. We sta'-.w the lnrg^t collecUon An exquisite piece of cabinet work. A Pillar and brass mounU..... ¦$$,•'** S
V of all kiii.is of Portieres and Han«ingii. bargain like tho above can only be secured Enameled Iron Bed-Extra heavy flllln*. »
ft at our Ftcre. Hundreds of articles to select bow toot - br8! " tOD r<Kls * nd "'"¦lOJtO S
8 RfIRRiIWR nRAPFRY RAPRAIWQ fr ° m ln lh ' S '* le ' BraV 8 "Bed-lbne"andVi^b A ir"in:pUlani. Q
z- DMnUrtlllO JflMrCni DAnUAiliOi «n\IFTHIXr IVI^VV hea\-y fllllne and »uarant»ed hi every Q
.% .IT l-=o a yard-For Jl Imported Jute. SC ?, , „ ? * ""^^ »35.00g
§ V^r^-FornSO^^MrrenchTaP-iPlirfiPll P] RR R Hii Sfli [111 SS BEDDING. §
.;. . _r: .«) in hes wide ¦ I UlliiUU 1 IUOO UUDIIIUIiO. A pure K ray hair mattresa, a tt* weight- «
O c* ~ fn s:ar v ° T ,a * * Imported Drapery jsxlS inch Floss Cushion SOo our own make «12 «
O ZZ:>~ iricheB *' I<3 ' ? - I 20x20 Inch Floss Cushion 35a An all-v.ool 11-4 blankst, 6 lbs wolrht— "
w li-^.S a yard— l or J3.&9 Oriental Imported I 22x3 inch Floss Cushion 430 reimlar price J«.50-for fIO.OO **
O si-.i.s. Uwsarks and Tapestrte*. 60 inches wide 24x24 inch Floss Cushion OOe Pure cotton-filled cocnforUn, ilie Ixl, iilk- Q
O and reversible. « ex 26 j nch pi 06S Cushion 750 ollne both sides SI. SO S
O 82^10 a yard— For 53. 75 Imported French Boft as down, odorless, clean; see them. Pure llv« goose feather pillowy ( lbs. per «
o L*2.beJl«, to Inchee wide and reversible. Cushions lor everjbody at email expense. pair _ ~. 84.60 O&
Ck 8
I ""SSJSSSr^ ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S. Cor. 16th and Mission Sts. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ea.f o latter dslivery for Norn*, rift Bt. Stich*al,
•tartlng Jan. 26, via Kodlak; limit \k om.; fg m
letter. Mohm & Kaltenboch. 19 Kaifcai ak, •"
A Service for Men.
An Interesting service will be held at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, this af
ternoon at 3 o'clock, when Frederick
Thomas will speak on "Personal Remin
iscences of the Work of the Late D JL
Moody." Mr. Thomas is one of the best
known merchants of Denver and Is in San
Francisco on a brief business trip. All
young men are Invited
Keno Player Released,
Richard Stokesbury was convicted In
Stockton of conducting a game of kemx
This is one of the games prohibited by
city ordinance of that city. He was sen
tenced to pay a fine of fcO or be lmprls*
oned. From this Judgment he applied to
the Supreme Court for a. writ of habeas
corpus. The higher court yesterday or
dered the prisoner's release "for the rea.
son that the complaint under which ho
was convicted states no offense."
Chosen Friend Notes.
The recently elected officers of Social
Council No. 46 of tho Order of Chosen
Friends were Installed last Thursday
night by District Deputy Fred A. Taylor,
assisted by Grand Recorder Wallls as
grand marshal and C. M. Arnold, P. S. c.:
Miss Clara McDonald, Q. T.; Mrs. A.
Boehm, G. S.; Mrs. Clara J. Sweeney,
grand trustee: O. B. King, district deputy.
There were about seventy-flva present at
the ceremonies, which were private. The
officers are: K. I. Goodall, P. c.; G. W
Smith, C; Mrs. J. S. Cogsrins, V. C; Miss
E. G. Alden. I.; F. Williams, T.; Mrs
Alice Goodall, P.; Mrs. V. B. Annacon.
M. ; C. Simpson, W. ; H. B. Hilton, G. •
Mrs. Julia Bufford. sentry; H. LJllenthal,
C. B. Goodell and M. Hasmy, trustees.
F. N. Staloy was apOlnted aiaistant re-
A still further reduction in Women's and Children's
NOVA SCOTIA SEALS.
Owlnz to change of style fn shap* of toe, we will close
out all of the Chllds' and Misses' Nova Scotia Seals, but-
ton with square toe, sizes 6to ioj*. 1 1 to 2, C and D w : #j».
sizes 12J4 10 2, E and EE wide at $1.00
Ladles' Nova Scotht Seal Button and Lace will be closed
out at hal. price.
f}. s o Medium Coin To?, without cork sole, at .$ 1.75
J4.50 Wide Coin Toe, hand-sewed, cork sole, at $2.25
The best winter SHOES made— once worn always
worn. Now c osinz out to show all n;w styles next winter.
&%l. gltfpfr IT Market St.
After six months' work at McKittrick are producing ofl from their first
well at the rate of iso to 200 barrels per day, and shipping a carload per
day to their consumer!. 1.100 acres are controlled by these companies,
and three Standard Rigs are in operation night and day drilling other
wells. Land U. S. Patent
Subscriptions for stock now being received at $1.00 per share.
A DIVIDEND of 7 per cent on thia figure could be paid tonlar
were it not for the fact that the income from the sale of oil is being used
for further development
What will this stock be worth when 20 such wells are producing?
OFFICES OF THE COMPANIES
Room 16, 2d Floor Mills Building.
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
They flust Need Shoes
By th; way the crowd is taking advantage of our
Semi-annual Clearance Sale
But we still have some great bargains— see 1
HOW FROSTS OCCUR
McAdle Will Go South to Study tha
Phenomena.
Forecast Official McAdle will leave for
the southern part of the State within the
next few days for the purpose of study
ing closely the conditions which bring
about the disastrous frosts which occur
In that section. The frost map which
Mr. McAdie has been publishing has been
distributed largely among the orange
growers In Southern California and they
are finding It of much practical value
The data which he expects to gather on
his proposed trip will be used In elaborat
ing his map and it Is probable that before
the next harvesting the fruit and grain
growers of the State will have even more
to thank Mr. McAdie for than they have
at present.
Laws are now prepared for the con
sideration of Congress which will greatly
facilitate the work of. the weather bureau
and if they are passed the California of
fice will find little trouble In maintaining
Its prestige as the best conducted
weather bureau weet of the Mississippi
The Chamber of Commerce has passed
resolutions indorsing the Congressional
bill which provides for changes In the
Weather Bureau. Department of Aericul
ture. The bill contemplates the operation
of this bureau under civil service rule and
the creation of a pension or retiring fund
for those who have grown old in the s<»r
vice. Copies of the chamber's action ha.ye
been sent to all of the Pacific Coast reD
resentatlves. iop
The California Standard
Oil Company and
The Giant Oil Company
WANTS TO MOVE.
Mission Parlor Is Tired of Its Old
Home on Seventeenth Street.
On Seventeenth street, between Valen
cia and Guererro, there la a three-story
building that was erected by an associa
tion of Native Sons for the purpose of
being used as a fraternal hall by the Na
tive Sons and Daughters who had estab
lished parlors In the Mission dlstrlot and
the building is known as "Native Sons'
Hall"; also "Mission Parlor Hall." For
a long time the several organizations that
meet in that building have been dissatis
fied with the internal arrangement, for
the lodge or meeting rooms are on the
ground floor and the main or social hall
on the upper floors and reached by a very
peculiar combination of stairs. Mission
Parlor, or, rather, a large majority of the
members, for some time past have been
trying to move out of the building and
take quarters in the Native Sons' build
ing on Mason street, but they have been
balked by a minority that stood in the way
of a two-thirds vote necessary to carry
tho measure. At a meeting of the parlor
lost Wednesday the proposition to chanpp
the meeting place came up again and there
was an unusually SDirited debate. The
majority of the members for the third
time voted in favor of moving to Mason
street, the vote standing 61 in favor and
35 against. The proposition being in the
nature of an amendment to the by-laws
requires a two-thirds vote to carry At
the previous meeting a resolution to move
was carried by a large majority, but the
minority stayed proceedings by giving no
tice of appeal to the grand president. De
spite this action, the action alluded to
was taken last Wednesday in order to ex
pedite the matter and to forestall any
possible adverse action on the appeal.
Perhacs Died of Heart Disease.
Morgue Surgeon Leland held an autopsy
yesterday upon the body of Jullua A. Per
hacs, the waiter who was found dead on
a doorstep near the corner of Eddy and.
Hyde streets last Thursday moraine, and
found that death was caused by heart dis
ease. Owing to the fact that the body had
been robbed the stomach was given to
City Chemist Green for analysis of th«
contents to ascertain whether Perhac*
had been drugged before ho died.
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
MEMBERS CONFERRED
A largely attended meeting of working
members of the Young Men's Christian
Association was held In the parlors of the
association last Friday evening. L. C.
Crook presided. The various departments
of the association were discussed, includ
ing the night school for men, boys' night
Bchool, camera club, gymnasium, league
games, reading-room, library, member
ship and evangelistic work.
The membership has Increased until It
ie now larger than at any time In the his
tory of the association, the total mem
bership at the main building being 14*>S
It was the purpose of the meeting to dis
cuss moans to increase this number and
to assist in shaping the policy of the work
during the present year. The points
brought out most prominently were a de
termination to Increase the night echcol
facilities, the fellowship of the members
increase of membership and to pay the
building indebtedness and to bring more
prominently before the public the splen
did facilities of the camera club depart
ment, which quarters were recently fitted
up on the fourth floor of the building
The forty-seventh anniversary of the lo
cal association will be observed at the as
sociation auditorium a week from next
Sunday afternoon, and will be free to the
public. The anniversary address will be
given by the Rev. Dr. Hemphill, pastor
of Calvary Presbyterian Church, on "The
Association and Men m the Twentieth
Century."
NOTES OF NATIONAL
GUARD OF CALIFORNIA
ORDERED TO APPEAR, IN UNI
FORM, BUT NO2TE TO WEAK
The Disgust Is GtJll on in the First
Regiment and Hen Axe Slow
In Being Ex&mined.
Daring 1 th* past week the companies of
the First Regiment of Infantry of the
National Guard have had meetings for the
purpose cf having the men undergo phy
clc&l examination by the Burgeons de
tailed for thai purpose, but, as has
t-1 ready been anounced, the men axe bo
disgusted with the &iaount of red tape
that has been pulled In the matter of
bringing the regiment Into the guard
t train that ihty have lost heart and but
f*w have responded to the Invitation to
appear before the surgeons. As a conse
quence the work Is progressing very
flowly and the captain of each company
Is roundlr^: up the men whose names ap
•e&r oa the master rolls, with a view to
have thesi help place the regiment where
it belocgs.
The men w!>o already are In the eniard
rre annoyed al the delay In the delivery
>t ur-iforms. They are ordered to appear
.t the armories and they do bo, but their
,7tj>^aranc« Is not soldierly for the- reason
hat they have not got the soldier clothes.
A few days since Major L. W. Julllard of
the Fifth Infantry was ordered by the
hrlgafiler general to preside at an election
fcr Mcond lieutenant of Company E, vice
Jerry Claypool. ejected September Zi last,
but who failed to Qualify. The major has
IffuM an order that the "members of th.«
company assemble In fatigue uniform on
Salkeld, discharged; Private D. F. Strut
ton, Company H, to be corporal, vice
E. J. Marios, discharged: Private John B
Harris, Company H, to t>e corporal, vie©
T. M. Marios, discharged.
DRUIDS WILL DANCE.
A Grand Ball to Be Given by the Lo-
cal Groves, Chapters and Circles
In Odd Fellows' Hall.
The local groves, chapters and circles of
the United Ancient Order of Druids of
the State of California will next Saturday
evening give a grand ball In Odd Fellows"
Hall, and as It is the first time in many
years that there has been Joint action In
a social function by the several branches
of the order It is expected that by frater
nal unanimity this affair will be a great
Buccess. Special attention will bo paid to
the decoration of tha hall and the pro
gramme to be presented will please the
most fastidious. The very popular noble
grand arch, James F. Martlnoni, has been
chosen to act as floor director and he will
havo for aids: James Hasan, assistant
floor director; Mrs. Jules P. Qodeau A
W. Martin, D. Vilalon. L. A. Wolff, B L*
Anderson, P. Bassoti and Frank Marlrii',
floor committee. The reception comittee
is composed of John Miller, John Hoss
L. Figone, A. Pauba, A. J. Munia, L. de
Luchl L. Vastorino, A. Francovlch, E.
Courtier. M. D. Vorrath, Mrs. C. Johnson
and Mrs. A. Martin, while those who are
on the committee of arrangements are: J
Hasan, F J. Rossi, F. Horn, J. J. Moill
son E S. Isaacs C. Lester. C. Berghofer,
•^,£, Ub r er \?- P. Laborde, C. Pau
chon. J. M. Wolff. C. Carlson N W
Christenson, X. C. Barrades. J. L. Gomez'.
E. C. Luchessa, J. Ragsi a Costal F
Rouse. M. J Enos. A. A^Vanslno, P Che?:
eghino, J. Plainer, S. E. Kearney A Val
rasa? ?<&*&. ?& %»•¦ I
HEBREW LADIES' SOCIETY
DID SPLENDID WORK
The annual meeting of th» Hebrew La
dies' Sewlngr Society was held in Saratoga
Hall last Wednesday afternoon. During
the paat year the burden of the poor has
borne heavily upon this society, but not
withstanding this fact the organization la
in a flourishing' condition. It has supplied
two hundred famlles with 'all necessary
apparel, not forgetting its usual remem
brance of linens and clothing: to the in
mates of both the Pacific Hebrew Horns
for Aged and the Lombard-street home,
besides donating one hundred and fifty
pillow-cases to Mount Zlon Hospital. Th*
officers elected for the year 1900 are as
follows: President. Mrs. Alfred W. LJlien
feld; first vice president. Mrs. 8. Foor
man; second vice president. Mrs. H. Silver
man; treasurer. Mrs. William Lewis; sec
retary, Mrs. H. Newman; superintendent.
Mrs. William Hlrschfeld: trustees— Mrs.
Sarah Blum, Mrs. I. Wormser, Mrs. I. H.
Ackerman. Mrs. S. J. Friedlander, Mrs.
H. Eppinger, Mrs. A. Ounst, Mrs. S.
Haas: collector, D. Mlchels.
A vote of thanks was tendered Mrs. J.
Einstein, who had acted as faithful and
capable president for so many years, but
whose residence outside the city prevents
her taking any active part for tha present.
from building permits, etc., which ww ordered
deposited in the city treasury.
All the appointments made by the* board
are temporary, and the per diem employe*
are limited t» the days of actual servic*.
A resolution was also adopted reap
polntlng all the Janitors now employed In
the School Department.
MANY APPOINTMENTS BY
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
THE PRESENT FOBOE 07 SCHOOL
JAUTTORS BBTAHTED.
E. J. Morser Is Chief Assistant In the
City Engineer's Office — Many Old
Clerks Continued in Office.
The Board of Public "Works held Jts
usual session yesterday morning: and
made a large number of office-seekers
happy by announcing the following list of
appointments, among whom are many of
the old clerks heretofore employed:
A. J. Donovan. Superintendent of Streets,
$176 a month; C. w. Taber. Assistant Superin
tendent, $173; Charles A. Kin*. $1S; L L. B«
vans, $126; James da Succa, $13o; T. T. Burnett.
$125; William Wilkinson, $123; William H. Grif
fin, $125; William B. Sweet, $125; George Mc-
Glllivray. $200; J. B. Oartland, $4 p«r day; U 8.
Leavy, $4 per day; F. B. Put field $4 p«r day:
M. Sullivan, $4 per day; John McDonnell, $83 a
month.
The following appointments of assist
ants in the office of ths City Engineer
were made:
Chief assistant. $200 per month, E. J. Morser.
Assistants, salary $8 a day — A. H. Sanbora. J.
H. Smith. C. H. Holcomb.
Clerk and draughtsman, $123 a month. F. W.
Hummerston.
Field assistant, salary $4 a day, P. "W. Brady.
Helpers, salary $3 a day— W. w. Mathewson.
Daniel Green, James Flynn, A. K. Botaford.
Andrew Oleson, William FJnne?an. Bliss
Rickey.
Superintendent of Public Buildings, John
Barnett. salary $200 a month.
Gas and Water Inspector, salary. $160 a
month, O. W. Tupper.
Stenographer, salary $W a month. W. Cheater
Keceh.
Messenger, salary $48 a month. John H. Hum
phrey.
Storekeeper Corporation Tard, salary $80 a
month, A. T. Rodeers.
An opinion was received from the City Attor
ney informing- the board that it had so power
under the charter to Insure th« elevators In
publio buildings.
Ex-Stre«t Superintendent Fregley tnm«d over
$4307 IS to the board received xrom contractor*
7
911 and 913 Market Street.
PHONE SOUTH 280.
cording secretary. After the ceremonies
there was a banquet and hour of oratory.
Last Friday night Pacific Council held
an open meeting, at which there were
present a large number of the friends of
the members. District Deputy Nicholson,
who presided, delivered an address of wel
come, after which, under the direction of
A. Lion, the pianist of the council, there
was an hours entertainment, consisting
of songs, recitations, instrumental music
and an exhibition of mind-reading, the
contributors to th« pleasure of the even
ing being Miss Josie McCareki, John
Slmpton. Thomas Lewis, Miss Alice Mo-
Nevln, Miss lone Johnson, J. Nesergold
Julie McNevin, Master Robert "Whitty and
Master A. Owen. Past Grand Councilor
M. Boehm delivered a very comprehensive
address on the order and its work. The
programme was followed by the serving of
a collation and coffee and then there was
dancing.
Golden Gate Council at its meeting last
Friday night decided to meet semi-month
ly instead of weekly, and a notice of
amendment to the by-lawa on that point
was presented by Past Councilor 8. H.
Simon.
GENTS' FURNISHING DEPARTMENT.
50 dozen MEN'S HEAVY-WEIGHT SANITARY UNDYED WOOL
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, made with flat elastic seams through-
out, a good dollar value, tale price 75 cents per garment
FANCY DEPARTMENT.
ALL-SILK RUCHINGS. in all shades, former price 25c and 35c a yard,
now 12J4 cents.
BLACK CHIFFON DRESS TRIMMINGS, braid center, ia^ cents
yard.
ALL-SILK AND LACE JABOTS, former price $1.35 and St.so. to be
closed out at 50 cents each.
LACE CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
In the Lace Curtain Department we have just opened three cases
WHITE and ECRU NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in the latest de-
sign.
3 yards long, 40 inches wide, at 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 a pair.
3 yards lonp, 46 inches wide, at Sr.oo, $1.25 and $1.50 a pair.
Zl/iZ l /i yards long, 50 inches wide, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.00 and S.voo a Dair.
2VI yards long, 60 inches wide, at $1.50. $1.75. $2.00. $2.50 and S^.oo a oair
100 pairs SWISS MUSLIN CURTAINS, ruffled border, 3 yards long, .tf
inches wide, 60 cents a oair.
A sample lot single. pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, slightly soiled,
will b« sold at one-third off regular prices.
We have just'received another lot oi BABY BLANKETS at $0 cents a
pair.
WHITE AND COLORED CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS.
from $3.00 a pair up.
24- INCH TAFFETA SILK In all colors, 50 cents per yard.
All remnants of dress (roods have been placed on table front of en-
trance and will be closed out at 25 per cent off marked price.
25 pieces 36-inch All-Wool Camel's Hair Homespun, Rood value for 63
cents, for this week 50 cents per yard.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
For This Week !
Established 1862.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR
ORGANIZER IS COMING
REV. F. E. CLARK TO BE TENDERED A RECEPTION.
REV. FRANCIS E. CLARK, D. D., the distinguished founder of the
Christian Endeavor Society, will arrive In this city on Tuesday next en
route to the Orient, where he Is going to engage In missionary \rork. lie
will b» accompanied by his wife, also an earnest worker In the cause of
Christianity.
The local Christian Endeavor societies are arranging a big reception In their
honor. It is to take the form of a big mass-meeting and rally, which will be held
In the First Congregational Church on the evening of their arrival. An excel
lent musical and literary programme has been arranged for the occasion. Rev. B.
B. Cherington of the Plymouth Congregational Church will welcome Dr. Clark
and wife In behalf of the ohurches, George B. Llttlefleld will deliver an address
on behalf of the City Endeavorers and State President J. A. Wilds and W. O.
Alexander of San Jos© will also speak.
As Mr. Clark has not visited this coast since the national convention of 1837
there Is every prospect of a large outpouring to greet him and his able helpmate.
H» la an eloquent speaker and can always be relied on for an Interesting talk.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
911 and 913 Market Street,
The Family Store.
19KHEUMATISV: A D KID.«EY».
12 N. KIKST STRKET. SAX JOSE. Cal.. Jan It 1300
DR. M. A. JIcLAUGHMN-Dfar Sir: Your Klectric Belt cured mv of
rheumatism, and I have sir.cc found It a good thins for any sort of
sickness. If a man has any trouble ahout his kiJnt»ys or back It will
cure him. It is an Invigorator of sreat power, ami b^ats any m»dtr-lne
on earth. Yours truly. JOHN B. CARET
£v!sit OR- JORDAN'S great i
\m%im or k\imm\
9 Qb "•* '• i--~i --~ • :r - '«*•¦ £ - * "~- s.r.C-L A
_. *tb^ UsrgeM Anatomical Museum in the \
Q '', J| l, Wocid W eitn»—<» or _..y contrictrd A
_L 1*- >-jc iH-tiil'rl. e«r.d"l,» (|,. (1 !(, :i t ?
& $__£_;« OS- •KTCBM-FSIYATE DISEASES #
fwjfj^!! T ' n^u'ation frre md stri'tijr ;>r;rifr \
>R W S / *" tv< <*""«'" e«eryc»&eundm_tei_ \
fi r'/ 11 ft B 'ifi!"B-«.k.pnii.osoi'iiv,il
V* il II '• SARKIACE, MAILED Fl?fc_. (AT
A n fj^' *_lu-ble boo_ fcr mm) \
rr)tt^<»UDA>_<«.re!Markr.|St..S F W
Ht*!ll I f I I I d""* I**1 ** cured or no
WiI»J I I I M ft- P ay No de"---°n from
I! II I ' llnr business DRS. MANS-
HI II I 111 I I FIELD * POIITER-
EIU I I U I 11. FIELD. &38 Market »_.
San Francisco.
C€ t-MH^E____Sp £9
How to avoid
Keep the feet dry and warm.
Keep out of draughts.
Take plenty of outdoor and indoor ex-
ercise. Remove all wraps on entering
a warm room. Always carry a vial of
""" and take a dose at the first chill
or shiver — it restores the checked cir-
culation, starts the blood coursing
through the veins and "breaks up" the
Cold or Grip. Ask your druggist or
Eend for Dr. Humphrey's Manual free
— tells about the care and treatment of
the sick in all ailments.
Humphreys" Homeopathic Medicine Co., eor-
tfi William and John sts.. New York.
A Rattled Author.
A not very courteous author, replying
to one of the Interview syndicates that
had propounded the question "iv hen do
you write and what do you get for what
you write?" said: , ...
"I write when I please, and it's none of
your darn business what I get for what
I write!"
But when the managing editor of the
syndicate informed him that he merely
wanted to know his terms so that he
might forward him a check for some work
he had in view, the author changed his
tune and wrote six pages of information
with an apology in postscript.
NO SCHEDULE AGREED ON.
Southern Pacific Officials Return
"With One of Their Number 111.
J. C. Stubbs. Julius Kruttschnitt, J. A.
Fillmore and T. H. Goodman, who went
to Salt Lake City a few days ago to at
tend the meeting of the passenger men.
returned to this city yesterday without
having accomplished anything. The meet
ing was called for the purpose of arrang
ing a time card which should meet with
the Joint approval of the Southern Paci
fic. Union Pacific, Burlington. Rock Isl
and. Denver and Rio Grande and Rio
Grande Western roads. As some of the
roads were not yet ready to submit a
schedule the meeting was postponed, to
take place again in this city a week from
next Monday.
On the way home Mr. Goodman was
taken seriously ill with an attack of rheu
matism. He was suffering so when the
train drew toward its destination that the
car was sent around by the way of Xiles
to obviate the necessity of his beinff
moved on the boat. It is thought that
with care he will soon be around again,
as the malady is more painful than dan
gerous.
maugh were Lieutenant Lyman M. Welsh
of the Twentieth Infantry, W. C. Harllee
of the Thirty-third Infantry, who goes to
Washington to get a commission in the
marines?, and Dr. Lyman Bishop, veteri
nary surgeon of the transport Si.im.
The men on the Conemaugh tell a pa
thetic story of the killing of Major Lo^an.
One of his men had been shot by -i sharp
shooter and the major was bending over
him when the Fame sharpshooter killed
him. Thrn an orderly ran. to th-j assist
ance of the major and he also wus sno;,
and a hospital steward who went out to
render assistance to the three mm was
also shot. Then Major Lieberman dis
covered the sharpshooter in a tree a short
distance from the tiring line, and taking
careful aim ¦with his revolver shot the
rebel dead. The bodies of the soldier, or
derly and hospital steward and Mnjor
Logan were then brought in, rjut all lour
had been instantly killed.
The steamer Doric was released from
quarantine yesterday and came over to
an anchorage off the Mail dock. The big
steamer Algoa and the- Mail boat China
are both loading for the Orieut. and the
Colon is discharging her New York and
Central American freight at the Mali
dock, so there will be no room for the
Doric until one of these vessels gets away,
which will probably be next Tuesday. The
Doric's consignment of silk was taken off
yesterday morning and by this time is on
its way East.
The naval reserve training ship Marlon
will be moved out into the stream to-day.
Howard street wharf No. 3. where she has
been moored, is to be torn down to make
room for a new pier similar to Folsom No.
1, so tho training ship has to be anchored
in the stream until a new berth can be
found for her.
The United States steamer Ranger
sailed for the coast of Central America on
a hurveying cruise yesterday.
The naval transport Scindla sailed for
Manila via Guam yesterday. As she
passed along the front all the tugs ami
steamers in the bay whistled a parting
salute in honor of lieutenant Commander
William Kilburn. executive officer or" the
transport. Lieutenant Commander Kil
burn is the brother of Paris Kilburn,
chairman of the Board of Harbor Com
missioners. He was appointed to An
napolis thirty-four years ago by General
Bid well, who was then a United States
Congressman. He was executive officer
of the San Francisco during the Spanish-
American war. and brought the New Or
leans, purchased from the Brazilian
Government, to America. Aft*r discharg
ing at Guam and Manila the Scindia will
go to Norfolk Xavy Yard.
Ole Olsen. "day man" on the steamer
Oakland, wishes now he had learned to
swim. When the 1 p. m. boat left the dock
he picked up his bucket and sponges.
Skipping in ragtime along the narrow rail
ing to wash the windows, a lively jag
step bucked him. pall in hand, into the
water. His seagull cries drew every one
on deck to watch him clinging to a pile,
frantically inventing some new steps to
his dance. A life-preserver and a rope
ended the performance.
CURTAIN DFPARTIWFNT
~~^ ~™~* ~» __ m — _. _k | __, ___i -_. i — • . w w
Sweeping Reductions
Before Stock-Taking.
ISO pairs ,RISH POINT CURTAINS, in ecru and white,
former price $4 and $4.30 Special Price $3.50 per pair
123 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, former price $3.00,
$5.50, $3.73 Special Price $4.00 per pair
100 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, former price $6 OO
$6 SO, $6.73 Special Pries $5.00 pep palp
Two-pair lots of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, to close at
Startling Reductions
SO pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, former price $7.50,
$8.50 and $aOO Special Price $6.50 per pair
73 pairs 'TAPESTRY PORTIERES, former price $6.30,
$7.30 and $8 3O Special Price $5.00 per palp
4O pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, former price $3.00,
$3.73 and $6.00. Special P. ice $4.00 per pair
ODD HALF PAIRS OF PORTIERES, suitable for single
doors or couch covers At Half Price
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. 8. X. : ¦ Burd'.-k Block cor
Sprln. and Second Sts.., Los An_»!e*. Office Hours— « a ml
to S:S> p. m. : Sundays 10 to 1. Never sold In Drugstores.
SPECIAL HALF-PRICE OFFER!
Until further notice I will take in any other make of electrc belt as half payment on one of
mine. If you have used one or the old style burning electric belts, or ths kind that give no current at all
and wish to realize the benefits which can be had from the use of a genuine electric belt which cannot
burn nor blister, send me your old belt and I will send you one of my latest improved belts at one-half mv
list price. Take advantage of this offer at once, as I reserve the privilege or withdrawing it at any time
after this month. It is made simply to e.tablish the value of my belt with those who have been disaD
pointed with other kinds. v
FPFF RnfUH If you cannot call, send for my O/?. Af. A. MCLAUGHLIN.
rntE uuufti new, finely illustrated book full ™= M * rk « st - s°v *<?""• *-, **• - ' Bu«u«-k Block, e 'r.
of grand truths which every man should read. ff o pr £& %n% ni m s - c V^^\^ , An^;r:; 2£ft.?;2™=2 a - »•
Oil Discovered.
WILLOWS. Jan. 20.— Owing to the dis
covery of oil in the western portion of
Glenn County, on a gravel ridge thirty
miles southwest of here, quite a little ex
citement has been created. Claims have
been located covering an area of grouni
twenty miles in extent. Experts exam
ined the specimens and said the oil was
of the finest quality.
Fruit Combine Indorsed.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 20.— The San Jose
Grange at Its meting to-day officially in
dorsed tho work of the recent fruit-grow
ers" convention. It is said that every
member of the grange will Join the as
sociation. This will add materially to the
acreage of the fruit combine.
WEAK IiACK AND KIDNcYc.
39 MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE; SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 17. 1900.
DR. M. A. McL.AUCJHt.IN— Dear Sir: Your Electric Belt Treatment
has cured me at the age of 73 of all weakness In Back and Kidneys, so
that I can now stoop or stand erect dress and undress more easily
than for years: it has also restored me to vigor and sound health.
Very truly yours. A. C. HAMMOND.
FREE TRIAL TREATMENT
of curative electricity from my grand Static Battery. Why this offer? To illustrate the
•power of my electric appliances ; to prove that by these I absolutely cure pain, weakness and
nervo-vital derangements. Names and addresses of men and women whom my treatment has
restored will be given you. and to them you may refer. You are invited to call and take a trial
treatment free and see what it is like. Hereby you can. test my method, which cures without
medicine or surgery. You will find my application of electricity is the most intelligent and
perfect of the age, the grandest invigorator for weakness, the best tonic for your nerves.
Then why suffer? Why put off curing that Backache, Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble or Nervous
Weakness? You may treat your ailment as a trifling matter or say you can't afford to attend
to it now, yet one day it may cost you $100 or S5OO for medical attendance.
UNION DAIRIES ARRAIGNED.
Protest Against Passage of a Resolu-
tion by Supervisors.
A protest was received yesterday by the
Board of Supervisors from Andrew N.
DethJefson against the passage of a reso
lution which limits the purchase of milk
for city institutions to union dairies. The
protestant alleges that there Is no organ
ization or corporation in this city known
as "union dairies." All dairies are inde
pendent at the present time, though a
few unsuccessful attempts have been
made to form a combination. Regarding
the petition of the San Francisco Lnbor
Council asking for discrimination in favor
of the dairies that employ union milkers
the protestant claims that the latter rep
resent a very small percentage of th*
labor engaged in that capacity In this
city. The assertion is made that sprouts
and brewery grains, which are unwhole
some, are fed to the cows in the dairies
where the union milkers are employed.
The protect concludes with a request that
the system of milk inspection heretofore
established be put in full force again.
Has taken such a hold in the medical world that it is the one assured remedy for disease.
PREJUDICE IS DISARMED by thousands of cures and daily letters, all pointing to that
remedy which is arousing 1 such interest among sufferers and physicians. I will now give to
every one calling at my offices a special
NOW YOU CAN KNOW WHAT CURATIVE ELECTRICITY IS I
YOU CAN TEST ITS POWER ! YOU CAN FEEL ITS RESTORATIVE ACTION !
dr. Mclaughlins electric belt
CAN FACTORY TO BE
BUILT FOR HAYWARDS
HAYWARDS, Jan. 20.— The managers of
the Hunt Brothers' cannery have decided
to erect a can factory this spring, and in
future all the cans used will be of home
manufacture. It is estimated that about
$70,000 a year is paid for cans, and the
proposed factory will not only be a great
saving to the company, but will give em
ployment to a large number of people.
Other improvements to be made this.
year by the cannery people are the build
ing of more cottages for the employes,
enlarging the workroom to accommodate
£00 girls and enlarging the pieceroon; to
accommodate 150 girl?. The fruit shel
will also be enlarged. During last year
the cannery paid $322,240 79 for labor and
materials, using 6,474,218 pounds of fruit
and tomatoes.
adveet~.se__:ents.
Cromwell's Bible.
Cromwell's Bible was not what the Bible
Is to-day. Criticism, cor.-parative, chrono
logical, philological, historical, had not
impaired its position as the direct word ot
God. a single book, one and whole, one
page as inspired as another, one text as
binding as another. Faith in the literal
construction of the word was pushed to
an excess as much resembling true super
stition or overbellef as anything imputed
to the Catholics. Science had set up no
reign of law. nor hinted a doubt on the
probabilities of miraculous intervention.
No physical theories had dimmed faith In
acts of specific creation; the aerial per
spective and vistas of time were very
primitive. Whatever happened, great or
small, was due to wrath or favor from
above.
They were tormented by no misgivings,
as Ranke says, how "the secrets of divine
things could be brought into such direct
connection with the complications of hu
man affairs." The God to whom Crom
well in heart as in speech appealed was
no "stream of tendency." but the Lord
of Hosts of the Old Testament. The
saints and Puritans were the chosen peo
ple. All the denunciations of the prophets
against the oppressors of Israel were ap
plied to the letter against Bishops and
The Elegant _il Iron American
Mail Steamer
CAPACITY 3000 TONS.
Sailing From San Francisco
Mon_ay,May2l,l9oo.
Carrying First Cabin, Second
Class, Steerage Passengers and
Freight.
For Passenger or Freight Res-
ervations Apply at Once.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BANK MAY REOPEN.
Conference Held With Depositors at
San Luis Obispo.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 20.— 1. Stein
hart, manager of the Anglo-California
Bank, and M. I. Koshland of San Fran
cisco are here to-day in consultation with
depositors about the reopening of the
County Bank of San Luis Obispo. About
a hundred depositors were present and
the session was a spirited one. Steinhart
and Koshland agreed to assign to two
depositors sufficient stock to admit them
to a directorate and see for themselves
how the affairs are being managed. It was
urged that the depositors hold off as long
as possible.
Steinhart and Koshland. directors of the
local defunct bank, will probably remain
till Monday, when it is expected that the
directors will consult with a committee of
the depositors about ways and means of
reopening the bank. A. F. Hortsman of
the Dairymen's Union of San Francisco
and a banker of influence, said that the
best business proposition for all parties
concerned is to reopen the bank. And in
view of the prcneral prosperity of this
county that Is what will be done.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice and Army Changes and
List of Pensions
Granted.
Sp^al Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— George L.
McKeety of Los Angeles and Richard P.
Lewis of Juneau, Alaska, have been ad
mitted to practice before the Interior De
partment.
August Anderson has been appointed
surfman at the life saving station at San
Francisco.
Army orders: The leave of absence
granted to First Lieutenant George W.
Moses, Fourth Cavalry, Department of
California, is extended to February 28 on
a surgeon's certificate.
• By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Private Frank Fall, Troop F,
Sixth Cavalry, Presidio, San Francisco,
will be discharged from the service of
the United States by the commanding of
ficer.
Private Philip H. White. Battery B,
First Artillery, who deserted March 16,
1899, while serving In Company D, Four'.h
Infantry, Philippine Tslands. under the
name of Philip Weydt. Is transferred to
Company I). Fourth Infantry, to serve
the remainder of his enlistment.
J. M. Rhodes was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Chat. Lassen County, vice
L. D. Stephenson, resigned. Also H. HII
drath at Sitka, Alaska, vice P. Archangel
sky, resigned.
Postal service between Buchanan and
Dalton, Cal., will be discontinued after
February 1.
Pensions: California— Original — John 9.
Jones. Ix»s Angeles. $S; William Johnson.
Los Angeles, $8; Peter Crance, Redlands,
$12; Patrick Murphy. San Francisco, $10.
Additional— Alfred 11. Gifford, Hynes. $^
to $6. Increase— Special January 10 — An
drew Bohme. San Francisco. $4 to $6.
Washington— Original — James E. Leon
ard, Spokane, $S; John Hoganson, Spo
kane, $S. —
GRAIN BAGS SCABCE.
Supply Unequal to the Demand at
San Quentin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Jan. 20.— An
unprecedented demand for grain bags has
WILL PURCHASE
POWER PUNTS
New Corporation in San
Mateo.
Special Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 20.— Articles of
incorporation of the Consolidated Light
and Power Company have been filed with
the County Clerk of San Mateo County.
The purpose for which the company is
organized is to engage in the business of
manufacturing, generating and purchas
ing gas, electric current and electric en
ergy for light, heat, power and traction
work In all municipalities and counties
of the State and distributing and selling
the same to the inhabitants.
The corporation is to run for fifty years
and the principal place of business is
San Francisco. The capital stock of the
company is $500,000 and the number of
shares 50,000. with a par value of $10.
Fifty dollars of the capital stock has
been subscribed.
The following directors have been elect
ed for the year: Robert J. Davis, Marin
County; E. M. Pease, Palo Alto; C. E.
Green, San Mateo; A. Poniatowski, San
Francisco; J. E. Green, San Francisco.
It is understood that the company has
bought the current of the Standard Elec
tric Company, which is to be brought
from tho Blue Lakes and distributed by
the former in several counties of the
State. The distributing stations in this
valley will be San Mateo, Redwood City,
Palo Alto and San Jose.
Prince Poniatowski is the principal
stockholder in both companies.
Some time ago the Standard Electric
Company applied to the Board of Super
visors for a franchise of fifty years to
run their wires through the county. Many
of the citizens of the county protested
against the placing of such a dangerous
element upon the public highways, as it
was generally supposed that the com
pany would use the county roads for the
purpose. The hearing has been continued
from time to time until yesterday when
a partial hearing was had, some of those
interested in the company being present.
The Supervisors asked as a concession
to the granting of the franchise that the
company furnish the county sufficient
power to maintain electric lights along
the highway.
This. It was explained, was impractica
ble for the reason that it would require
the building and maintaining of a second
and parallel system of wires, for the
power cannot be taken direct from the
main wires without going through trans
formers.
. Mr. Woods, attorney for the company,
stated that other counties had granted
franchises without concessions for sums
ranging from $50 to $100.
Further hearing on the petition was
continued for one month, at which time
action will probably be taken. •
Mrs John Drew's First Appearance
I was born in Lambeth Parish. London,
on January 1. ls_0; my father, Thomas
Frederick Lane, was an actor of consid
erable provincial fame, and my mother.
nee Eliza Trentor. a very pretty womar.
and a sweet singer of ballads. That was
an eventful year for theatrical people.
The old King. George 111., died, and all
theaters wen* closed for one month; and
there was considerable suffering amonjr
our kind, as I have been tolrl since. At
twelve months old my mother took me
on the stage as a crying haby: but cry [
would rot. but at the sight of the audi
ence and the lights gave free vent to mv
delight and crowed aloud with joy. From
that moment to this, the same sight has
filled me with th«* most acute pleasure,
and I expect will do so to the last
glimpse I get of them, and when r.o
longer to be seen. "Come, death, and wel
come!" — Scribner's.
Princes. And Moses and Joshua, Gideon
and Barak. Samson and Jephthah, were
the antitypes of those who now In a
Christian world thought themselves call
ed, like those heroes of old time, to stop
the mouths of lions and turn to night the
armies of the aliens.— John Morley, in the
Century.
arisen here and the jute mill authorities
can see no way to meet it.
Charles Walden. the Jute mill clerk, has
within the last few days received orders
for over 10.000.000 grain bags and the ut
most output of the jute mill is 13."00 bags.
A recent order of the authorities states
that no more than _0»> bags shall be pur
chased by any one buyer, and this is a
cut from a former order specifying 5000
as the number purchasable. The reason
given for the extraordinary demand is
that the farmers find it cheaper to pur
chase their sacks at the prison than In
the open market, as the prison is allowed
only lcent of profit per bag.
At the directors" meeting, which will be
held on Monday, the question will be con
sidered, and it is probable tuat the price
of grain bags will be raised.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, Saa Francisco.
UNION S<?UMRE.
T NTEREST in the northern gold fields is increasing so
I rapidly and the demand for better berths is so great
I that the Alaska Exploration Company has been forced
I to charter the big steamer Zealandia for the Cape
¦*¦ Nome and St. Michael run during the summer. The
report that the steamer had been chartered for Alas
ka was a surprise to shipping men. who believed that nona
but the smaller class of craft w.ould be used, as in former
years. The Oceanic Steamship Company only consented
after much negotiation to lease its splendid steamship
for the summer.
According to present arrangements the Zealandia will
leave early in May and will go direct to Cape Nome. Her
arrival will be so timed that she will land her passengers
at the first possible opportunity, so that they can take
advantage of the earliest chance to prosecute their search
for gold. The Zealandia /m\l go from Cape Nome to St.
Michael, at which point the voyage to Dawson and all in
termediate point^on the Yukon River will be continued in
the company's fleet of river boats. The fast time that can
be made by the Zealandia will make this route the quick
est between San Francisco and the gold centers.
The Zealandia is the largest and best equipped steam
ship ever in the Alaskan trade and can carry nearly 700
passengers. Her cabin berths will accommodate 175, thero
Is ample room fo>- 150 second-class passengers, while 300
can find ample quarters in the steerage. With her electric
light system and superb main saloon, which will seat 150,
the Zealandia presents a strong contrast to most of the
boats that were put into the northern service last yetir
and the year before, many of which met with accidents
involving great loss of life. The chartering of the popu
lar ocean liner marks the beginning of a new departure
in northern trade. It is the signal that the period of ex
citement and adventure has passed and that the Alaskan
gold tileds are now acknowledged. to offer great opportu
nities for legitimate enterprise and investment.
Although quite a fleet of smaller vessels are sched
uled to leave In advance of the Zealandia. her charterers
claim that she will be first on the field and that her pas
sengers will not be required to stay on board, under un
pleasant conditions, till work is possible. In addition to
every possible facility the Zealandia will also carry a phy
sician, and the trip will be made under conditions as
pleasant as any that prevail on any old-established route
of steamship travel.
The Zealaniia will make three and probably four round
trips during the season for the Alaska Exploration Com
pany, her charter covering the limit of time at which it
will be possible to make a successful trip to Cape Nome.
On the ways In the city there Is now being built a
tugboat for Cape Nome, which is owned by the charterers
of the Zealanaia. The new boat has been christened the
Meteor and wili be ready for launching in a few weeks,
after which she will at onro go north for service in the
lighterage and towing business at the Cape.
DRYDOCK WILL
BE OF STONE
Mare Island Bill Passes
the House-
bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—
The House to-day passed tho Senate bill
changing the material for the building
of a drydock at Mare Island from timber
to stone or concrete.
Representative Metcalf, who first sug
gested this change to the Naval Affairs
Committee, has beta handicapped from
the fact that the Pennsylvania delegation
insisted that the bill should be for the
purpose of changing the material of
League Island dock only. After hearing
tho arguments the committee decided on
appeal of Mr. Metcalf that the Mare Isl
and navy yard was of as much import
ance, if not more, than that of League
Island. The committee provided that the
bill should declare a change of- material
for clocks at both yard?. Mr. Metcalf
to-day convinced the House that the
change of material was. necessary and
called attention to the fact that repairs
on a stone drydock only called for $4543,
while those on timber structured docks
called for $426,000. The bill will now go
to the President, and as the time of tnc
contract expires on February 13, there is
no doubt but that he will approve the
measure at once. •
Mr. Krusi of the Atlantic. Pacific and
Gulf Company, which has the contract for
the construction of the dock at Mare Isl
and, said yesterday that the success or'
the attempt to have the dock changed
from timber to stone had been anticipat
ed. All the experience of the naval au
thorities had been that the rtone docks
were cheaper to maintain, safer and more
durable. What work had been done at
Mare Island for the dock would not be
thrown away, as it consisted only of a
huge excavation about 700 feet long. This
would be utilized.
The change of materials would cause an
increase in the initial cost of the dock,
but it was a measure of economy and util
ity in the long run, and was an assurance
of the safety of the large naval . vessels
that may be put into the. dock. The ex
perience at the Brooklyn navy yard,
where a dock failed when a battleship
was in it, indicated that the timber docks
were • unreliable and also unsafe. There
would be general satisfaction over the
action of Congress
MAIL STEAMER ZEALANDIA TO CARRY
GOLD-SEEKERS TO NORTHERN MINES
DEEP WATER
SHIPS ARRIVE
IK A BUNCH
Two Transports Were
in the Fleet
THE NAVAL TRANSPORT SAILS
«.
CO_a_ANDER KILBURN OF THE
SCTMDIA SALUTED.
D;ric Released From Quarantine — No
Eocm for Her at the Mail Dock.
Naval Reserve Ship Mar
ion to Be Moved.
After a week remarkable for the few
arrlral- of deep water ships, a whole fleet
cppe_red off port iibout sundown Uvst
evening. For three days t lie pilot bout
America was off the Karulloncs and not a
tail was sighted during the whole cruise.
The only incident worth recording was
tho remarkable catch of rockcod made
by Pilot lYfcman while the pilot boat vias
hove to off the Cordcll banks, lie hauled
them up three and four at a time, }»nd
at the end <>f an hour had caught 115 lish,
cr an average of nearly two a minute. No
sooner did the America come into port
than the ?hips began to appear on the
htirizon. ?o the pilots had to put on their
f^a clothes again and start on another
cruise. In all seven vessels came in, and
there was not a pilot left outside in con
sequence.
Among the fleet that came in during the
evening were the Kritish ship Kelburn,
150 day* from L,ondon; American ship Ta
foma. 91 d^ys, and steamer Conemau;h,
25 days from Manila; British phip Gen
eral Gordon, 71' days from Newcastle, N.
S. IV.; IJritish ship Clan Graham, 73 days
irom Newcastle. N. S. W.; British ship
Aristldes, 7y days from Newcastle, N. S.
Vv".. and British bark Inverlochy. 14S days
ltoin Swansea. The latter- vessel beats
the Pass of Kllliecrankie and Kmiiie Gal
line into port. The Killiecrankie is n.r.v
out 3 ( w days, and 5. per cent reinsurance
is brine paid on her. The Galline is out
:?:< Gays, but put into Rio de Janeiro on
November 4 partially dismasted. She
mailed apain for San Francisco on No
vember -<.
The Taioma has been 176 days making
the round trip. She left here July 27 last
f.!id .-fvjM-cl at Honolulu on the way. She
v.as only detained at Manila twelve days
diseharßirp her carfro and then started
1 ack for San Francisco. Her long passage
home was due to heavy weather and con
trary winds.
The Conemaujrh came home via Naga
saki. She left the latter port December
_1 and has therefore been twenty-six d^-s
making the run across the Pacific. Soon
after leaving Napasaki she ran into wry
heavy weather and the ship, being light
rolled considerably. She was caught in a
typhoon, and at one tim«- it looked as
liurash the vessel would go down. Just
before the hurrkane broke Captain Rob
erts of iho Conemaugh sighted the Taco
ma. and judging from his own experience
he m:?de sure the ""wind Jammer" had
gone down with all hands. On his arrival
here he was prepared to report the prob
able loss of the Taeoma with all lianas,
but the first vessel he spoke off the Far
allones was the Taeoma herself, with all
well on board. Captain Pedersen "smelt"
the typhoon coming, and packing on all
sail ran away irom it.
Captain Pedersen reports leaving Manila
on October _. and did fairly well unz.il
November 2. Then a strong northea -t
monsoon struck the ship, and for three
days she was driven back. After that
*he had variable winds from north-north
e*l to cast-southeast, which lasted for
s-ixty-ssever. days. From January 6 to 11
t-he was in a southeast gale, during which
tiie barometer was down to _S.S6. and the
ship v/as hove to under a goose-winged
lowrr topsail.
The Conemaugh was in the same gale
as th<? Taeoma. and her officers measured
the waves, which they found to be sixtv
l\\f feet high. The steamer, being light
was thrown from the top of one wave
to another, bo it can be imagined what a
lively time all on board had. The trans
port Ledenaw left Nagasaki twelve hours
after the Oonemaugh. but Captain Storrs
told Captain Roberts he was going to t_k«»
The southerly route, .so the chances are
the I^eelanam' has missed all the heavy
wc«it_er.
Am^nc those who came up on the Cone-
NEWS OF OUR GROWING COAST TRADE
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
THE SAX FBA_\ CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
RAJ-WAV'S BEADY ttKLIK-" ha* etood
unrivaled bercr* the public for £0 years a* a
} a-in Remedy. It Instantly relieve* axtd quickly
cure* ail Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, bron-
rhit'._. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Uead-che. '-_ot__cbe and all pains. Internally
tor ii___ri_ ___ all Bov.il F_lu.__l drucslsU.
20MRS. HOWARD TARLETON
time, and yet he was good to me. I manages
to scrape along but It was a dreadful «trusg!»
and never a night did I sleep until I saw him
xafely In bod. He rarely came home till near
daylight and how he ever stood it all these
years I don't know. What cured him was s
remedy called Golden Specific a powder to be.
mixed with coffee or food or anything liquid.
I gave It to him secretly. I saw an article
in some newspaper about thl3 remedy and It
seemed to be Just the thtng. I thought of it
day and night for quite a while and then con-
cluded to try it. come what might. Tou know
the rest of the story. It was only a few days
when he said: 'Mother. I have resolved to atop
drlnkinsr.' He put Ms arms around me. kissed
me passionately, and with tears rolling down
his cheeks begjred me to forgive him for all
the misery he had caused me. And he did
stop. That remedy had done Its work and tf
there ever was a message straight from heaven
it was that ' article In the newspaper which
told me to use Golden Specific." This remedy
is the discovery of Dr. J. W. Ilaines. 1431 (lienn
Building. Cincinnati. Ohio, and he sends to
every woman who writes him a fr?o trial pack-
age of Golden Specific so she can try it for
husband, son or brother, and thu« save him
from a life that must eventually prove his
complete ruin. Do net fall to write at once
for this free trial package.
GREATEST Blip
ABSOLUTE
AUCTION
To-Morrow, Monday,
Jod Daily at II A. E and 2 P. 51.
SW. Gor. Geary and Stockton,
Opposite the City of Parts.
Genuine Antique Fine
ORIENTAL RUGS, Etc.,
THE ENTIRE STOCK
OF THE
TURKISH RUG GO,
BEING SOLD OUT.
Tills is Ruz buy;rs' opportunity.
Nothing will be reserved.
This is a genuine auction.
Com; witness it and derive the benefit,
if so.
JURY ACQUITS
CAPTAIN MILLS
Was Justified in Killing
O'Melveney.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 20.— Captain
Frederick J. Mills, late Lieutenant Gov
ernor of Idaho, was to-day acrjultted of
the charge of murder. The jury was out
only a quarter of an hour, just long
enough to elect a foreman and take a bal
lot.
Such a finding was expected by every
one, and the announcement of the result
was not followed by anything sensational.
Captain Mills was charged with the
murder of John C. O'Melveney, chief en
gineer of the Oregon Short Line in this
city on October 3 last. The evidence
showed that while the defendant was ab
sent, serving as an officer in the volun
teer army of the United States, his wife
and O'Melveney became criminally Inti
mate. The defendant learned of these
facts on the day of the tragedy, his wife
making a full confession. The killing fol
lowed.
The defendant pleaded the Utah statute
which justifies the net of a husband who
kills his wife's seducer, and also set up
the plea of Insanity.
THE LATE JOHN RUSKIN.
equal in ancient or modern literature.
Born in 1819 in London and first appearing
In print at the age of 16, he was In
the public eye from 1*36 to ISSG and his
works will live long after the memorable
romance involving himself, his wife and
Sir John E. Millais. the artist, is forgot
ten.
Almost from childhood Ruskin was
physically weak, but his extraordinary
mental energy kept his body under con
trol. Yet In over fifty years he accom
plished an amount of literary work that
would have killed many a man of far
stronger physique.
At Oxford in 1542 Rusklri graduated, hav
ing won the Wendigate prize for English
poetry three years before. He at once
commenced the- indulgence of his taste for
art and four years later published tho
first volume of "Modern Painters." which
nevertheless he added nothing to his rep
utation by this publication upon a sub
ject which he had studied but little.
An episode in his career which s-U nil
England laughinp at him, while at the
same time it admired him. was his will.
He disposed of many royal gifts to pri
vate enterprises and public charities. He
owned the most remarkable variety of
treasures to be seen in any private house
in England.
Hr virtually named himself as his own
executor and proceeded as such to carry
out the provisions of his will. For thir
teen years he spent annually nearly $30,
000, including in that the Indulgence of a
property worth fully a million, which he
as good as gave away, as he did a par
doned debt 'of $G5,000 to a cousin, besides
making nnte-mortem bequests of larger
sums to other kindred.
Thfre Is a chapter in the life of this
extraordinary man which marks the un
selfishness of a nature which cannot be
the art critic" did not care for the distinc
tion. „ . . . . ._ ,_
For many years Ruskin s home has been
at Brentwood, on the shores of Lake Con
iston He gave away all of the vast for
tune left him by his father and has lived
on the large Income derived from the sale
of hia books. ¦¦•;; . . ,„
LON'nO^. Jan. 20.—John Ruskin died
this afternoon of influenza, aged SI years,
WROTE FIFTY YEA RS.
Ruskin Outlived All Other
Parties in His Life's
,_,
Komance.
I weary for the fountain foaming.
ForFhadyholmandh.il];
My mind >s on the mountain roaming. ;
My f=i>irifs voice is still. .
—Kuskin at the age of 14.
inspired a criticism so fierce and so wide
spread that Ruskin found himself suil
denly forced before the eyes of the world.
Ruskin at once set out to reform, if pos
sible, the wretched architecture of Eng-
] *na: To th*s end he studied carefully
the best architecture of Europe, particu
larly that of Venice. His "Stones of
Venice" was brought out in 1851. All the 11
lustrations for this book he drew himself.
Ten, years , laA er«° xford made him Slado
professor of the fine arts.
Ruskin has written a vast deal upon
morals, social problems and other ques
tions in no way related to his lifetime
In reality John Ruskin died about thir
teen years aso, at which time his great
mind became clouded. Since then the
world has heard nothing of the man
whose writings on art stand without their
studies. For example, his "Fors cilavi
sera " intended to promote the Interests
StSSS^^^S^^SSSSS^S^
and charm of Ruskin's style would make
anything that he wrote worth reading,
Cures Drunken Son
Remarkable Success of a Remedy
Which a Woman Used Secretly
and Saved Her Son From
Destruction.
Is Given in Tea, Coffje or Food and Curs 3
tie Worst Droaiarl Without His
Knowing tin Reason.
Every woman In thi3 broad land is flven an
Inspiration in the words of Mrs. Howard Tar-
leton, whose address Is box 645, Lebanon. Ohio,
that must result In the srreatpst temperance"
crusade ever started. She cured her son of
drunker.nrs* after he had become a aot. A
common loafer and now he ta a reformed, up-
right citizen, rejoicing with hlr, mother In the
wonderful result ami the marvolous remedy
that brought about this grand change, in his
life.
"V?«. I cured my son of drunkenness." said
Mrs. Tarleton. wiien Interviewed about it. "Al-
though I am his mother and proud of him. I
must say he was a wayward mun for a good
many years. He was what thp newspapers
call a bum, or a saloon loafer, drunk all th«
VENERABLE JOHN RUSKIN
ANSWERS DEATH'S CALL
Wheat to Bread in Eight Hours.
If nature would only jrrow wheat In
the form of reaily-jtround flour we could
convert It into bread in Ie?«» than eight
hours. The most she will do. and that
r.ot very often. Is to prow It so that It
can be ground the moment it has been
thrashed. By taking advantage of one
of these rare fits of nccommodativeness
on the .part of nature. Mr. Prosser of
Erdinpton. Warwickshire, has succeeded
In converting standing wheat into bread
In eight hours.— lnvention.
An Ohio man has patented a street car
floor which will prevent people treading
on sitting passengers* toes, the edges of
the floor being double, with the upper
thickness supported at intervals on brack-
ets to lift it high enough to allow tho
passengers' toes to slip under.
~ln an Improved filter the water can be
made to cleanse the strainer at intervals,
the filter being formed of a screw-
headed sleeve, without outlets arranged
around the sides to pass the .water
through the filtering medium, tho screw
cap closing the straight outlet until the
filter is dirty.
Self-respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
The Oakland . Theaters.
OAKLAND.- Jan. 20.— The successful
run at the Dewey, Theater of the war
drama "Red. White and Blue" will be
brought to a close to-morrow night, and.
next week, commencing Monday • evening,
the attraction will be a farce comedy en
titled "Maloney's Wedding."
GAPE HOME!
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITY 2700
tons, galling on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co.. office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO., SS East Btreet. LOWEST RATES.
More Small Coin Needed.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2f>. -Secretary
Gage was before the House Commit too on
Coinage, Weights and Measures to-day
and spoke In favor of the adoption of tho
metric system. Mr. Gage also referred to
the need of fractional silver currency. Ho
pointed out that at the present the de
mand for fractional coin was so urgent
that the issue ran considerably beyond
the $50,000,000 authorized by law. and h«
recommended that this lejral restriction
be repealed, leavlnp the treasury to de
termine the proportion of fractional coin
necessary. _^_____________
Sano-Rio£?£!
THE HOME REMEDY £• %&£*%
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS &.. uES
to wtbbf- Tor all Uieu puny aiiniant* and diSicaltim no
remedy on «»rth ft —— « flS<v Ejsilj »pplitd. Kellere*
cqu.N lh» finwn jano-HlO all mUHut pain. In
smkJ:Jy% 1° minute". Promptly r»h«v»s Hc.*!k!w,
EgfJfcVl *»u»ea, n.wvi »nd B! M*r Trn -Mci, F*inrnm.
Eg^g&ffl JCtrvousnoM. »ix »n-i Despondency. Cure«
mST 9t& t*t«nn« CompUin't. Bar*jcne, B»arm» Down
Sws i"S P»m» «nd »11 F«m-»!» Dnerderv Han<
K^< tej l»hr*.V>rtnr» 4 Ucenrionv Ch«ir«r*A
/T ' •piriti and Vitalize* tti« wriolffjlfi
\ ff*Wj»irTiV'""** *»fc« "or* « n<l Ab*oJ«tel7 \j2iiT
¦» 'vfKCQfi— srm |,«u Oiw 6t> e«n» box w-.il >*g|K
romsleta • cur» In ordinary e«»*».
CTfiOC II I DUIU *dI.D nY ALL DKCCGIST?.
OlUld ALL lAIN'or m.ilc.l in pU.u wrapper on receipt
IK 10 MINUTES T«H. r Pr7r««»C..C.xIA.BM«.n.Ir M »
Sulil in s»n I'raaciwo <utd CiUad by t.i« Owl Drag Co.
TJTSTTCXIT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Ori U ers. bootblacks, bath-
•"^** w ** nooses, billiard tables.
brewers bookbinders, candy- makers, eanners.
flyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. *no« factories. «ta-
tlemen. tar-roofer». tanners, tailors, «te.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Park A. Klndley, M.D.. 'eye. car. nose
and throat. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market street. •
ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE.
Even Bright's Disease Is No Longer
Regarded as Hopeless.
If you are suffering from kidney, bladder or
uric acid trouble, and have despaired of getting
help, you should try Swamn-Root, the great
kl/lney remedy.. Every reader. of The Sunday
Call may obtain a sample bottle Tree by mail,
so you may test it for yourself and fully realize
the truth of what your friends and fellow citi
zens Hay as regards Its marvelous efficacy and
worth. i r ; '
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root has been tried and
tested by thousands who stand high in this
community. It Is not recommended for every
thing, but If ycu have kidney, bladder or uric
acid trouble It will be found Just the remedy
you need. It brines back the rosy flush of
health and strength; it is a purifier and re
builder, and Is a boon to the weak and ailing.
To be confronted suddenly with the knowledge
that Brlsht's disease had hold of one was, at
one time, equivalent to hearing a death war
rant read: but to-day, thanks to the dtscoverleg
of science and the researches of Dr. Kilmer,
no case is entirely hopeless. Even those In ad
vanced stages have been rescued and life pro
longed by Swamp-Root.
This great remedy is purely vegetable and
contains nothing that could harm the most deli
cate child. It Is pleasant to take and the regu
lar nfty-cent and one dollar sixes are sold by
all druggists. i . . ¦
Send your name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Blnghamton, N.T., and a sample bot
tle and a book telling all about Swamp-Root
and its wonderful cures will be sent to you
free.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
S3OOOOOOOOO-0-OJS
?An Old I
0 Newspaper $
£ Man I
9 Says about v
I ORAPE=NUTS I
JJoooooooooooß
Arthur M. Hull, manager of the St.
Paul Globe, thinks advertisements are
tvritten to inform other people about
food and its value, but are not intend-
ed for newspaper men themselves, and
yet of all men newspaper men require
pood nourishing food to rebuild the
brain and nerve centers. (They will
agree that this is not a joke*.
Mr. Hull says: '"I to give you
an unsolicited testimonial for Grape-
Xuts. I have used your Postum Cereal
for about two years. I have seen your
advertising for Grape-Nuts in the
Globe, as well as other papers, and
have ap;-r< I ciated it from an advertis-
ing Ftanipchit, but some way I never
bought any until about a week ago.
BJnoe then I have practically lived on
it. I think II Is, without exception, the
! finest preparation of any food product
that it r!as been my good fortune to
taste, and my enthust«--ji prompts me
to write this note. Wishing you all
kind of success, — ."
Weak
Men.
There Is nothlns like ELECTRICTTT to put
life, vim and vigor Into weak men or women.
Drugs gtvs but temporary relief; act merely aa
a stimulant, but Electricity flies to all weak
parts of the body, imoartlnj nature's fore»
thereto acd doing the required work surely and,
In a permanent manner. If "run down" In
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. Use «n Electric Belt, for that Is the
best method of applying It: but be sure you get
a gcod one while you are about It; In short, try
"Dr Pierces." for It Is guaranteed to be th«
bent El»ctrlc Belt on earth.
C 7 "Booklet JCo. 2" free *t office or sent by
mnil for a 2c stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
«20 Market street. SAX FRANCIgCO.
LS Tribune Bulldins. NEW YORK.
How to Care for Young Palms.
A subscriber risks for Information re
garding the care of young palms. I would
suggest that a soil composed of one-rial f
common garden soil, the remainder equal
parts of well rotted manure, leaf mold,
sand and finely chopped soil, all thor
oughly mixed, be used for potting the
palms. Water only as often as the soil In
the pot appears to become somewhat dry —
not dust-dry, but showing a small amount
of moisture left— then apply the water
liberally. Keep the plant out of direct or
strong sunlight, which has v tendency to
make the foliage of a light color. "The
plant should not. however, bo consigned
to a. dark corner, but be kept in good
light and where there Is plenty of good
fresh air and no drafts. The leaves, es
pecially the tinder surfaces, should be
sponged at least once a week with tepli
water made slightly soapy. This will pre
vent the attacks of scale Insects, so often
troublesome- If any scale Insects should
appear, however, they may be removed
with the point of a lead pencil. —Woman's
Home Companion.
ARGUMENTS FOR AND
AGAINST FREE TRADE
Senate Committee on Insular Affairs
Hears a Delegation From
Puerto Rico.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The Senate
Committee on Puerto Rico and the Pacific
Islands held a long session to-day and
listened to arguments for and ' against
free trade between Puerto Rico and the
United States. The Puerto Ric^n Com
mission appointed by the Federal party,
which arrived in this country, was heard.
These gentlemen were all for free trade
with the United States, wanted a Terri
torial form of government, desired United
States currency as the standard and
wanted a loan authorized. Most of them
favored an extended suffrage and believed
that under the United States laws fair
elections could be held.
Henry Oxnard of Nebraska argued
against free trade because of the effect it
would have upon the beet r.ugar Interests.
Hill of Louisiana, representing the cane
sugar growers, took the »ame view. Frye
of Connecticut opposed free trade on ac
count of the effect upon tobacco interests.
Herbert Myrick made a general argument
against free trade between the United
States and Puerto Rico because of the ef
fect It would have upon the agricultural
interests of the United States.
BILLS IN THE HOUSE.
Anti-Lynching Measure Introduced
by White of North Carolina.
WASHINGTON. . Jan. 20.—Representa
tive White of North Carolina, the colored
Representative In the House, to-day re
ported a bill for "the protection of all citi
zens of the United States against mob
violence," etc. It provides that all per
sons shall be protected from being- irur
dered, tortured nr burned to death by
mobs known as "lynching bees." whether
spontaneous or premeditated, and all par
ties participating, aiding or abetting in
guch affairs are made guilty of treason
against the United States Government
and subject to prosecution in the United
States courts. „.«,,*_.
Cummings . of New 1-ork introduced *a
bill for the purchase of twenty torpedo
boats of the Holland type, of which five
BOX PARTY TO HEAR
MADAME NEVADA SING
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— Mr. and Mrs. W.
E. Sharon will give a box party. on
Monday evening next to hear Mme.
Nevada •In San Francisco. Their
guests will Include Miss Una Falrweather,
Henri Falrweather, and Mrs. H. C. Wy
gatt. At Nevada's concert here on Tues
day evening there will bo a number of
theater parties, preceded by dinners. The
concert promises to be one of the very
fashionable affairs of the year.
Mrs. Blake-Alverson, the popular singer,
will hold a reunion of her pupils an the
evening of January 30 at the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church, Grove and Six
teenth streets. There will bo a pro
gramme'ln which Professor J. H. Dohr
mann. Charles Blessing, Mrs. M. Case,
Miss Ethel Jones and Miss Addle Dowels
will assist. Mrs. Alverson has sent out
announcements to a wide circle of friends.
An engagement just announced and of
much Interest to social and college circles
is that of Miss Jessie Colt, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Colt, to Wilfred
Ransome, the noted football player. Miss
Coit is a favorite in society, but goes out
but little, being Interested rather in art
istic lines* She is a. graduate of the Oak
land High School and Is a sister of Miss
Carrie Coit, Lieutenant Howard Avcry's
fiancee. Mr. Ransome resides "in New
York, though formerly the family lived In
East Oakland, and Is construction super
intendent of.the Ransomo concrete Indus
try. He Is a brother of Bernard Ransome
of California football fame, and was Car
lisle's coach at one time...
Mr. and Mrs. C. 11.. Davis announce the
engagement of their, daughter, M. Ger
trude, to Edouard Bellc-Oudry. The wed
ding will take place on January 30 at the
home of the bride's parents, 1214 Brush
Btreet. ' * - - - -. ¦¦¦ • -
The wedding of Miss Alexander and Mr.
"Waterhouso nas been postponed from
January 30 to February 8 because of the
prospective groom's inability to reach
Oakland as early as he had planned. This
wedding will beone of the most promi
nent social events of the year. Miss Alex
ander being well known and popular here.
She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. T.
Alexander. • Mr. Waterhouso, Is equally
prominent In the islands. \ ¦ ,
A, P. Black has taken law offices 'n the
Mills building, seventh floor, rooms 16-23. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN OBJECT LESSON
In a Restaurant.
A physician puts the query: Have you
never notlcf-d In any large restaurant at
lunch or dinner time the large number of
hearty, vigorous old men at the tables;
men whose ages run from 60 to SO years;
many of them bald and all perhaps gray,
but none of them feeble or senile?
Perhaps the spectacle is so common as
to have escaped your observation or com-
ment, but nevertheless it Is an object les-
son which means something.
If you will notice what these hearty old
fellows are eating you will observe that
they are not munching bran crackers nor
gingerly picking their way through a
menu card of new f angled health foods;
on the contrary they seem to prefer a
juicy roast of beef, a properly turned loin
of mutton, and even the deadly broiled
lobster Is not altogether ignored.
The point of all this la that a vigorous
old age depends upon good digestion and
plenty of wholesome food and not upon
dieting and an endeavor to live upon
bran crackers.
There Is a certain class of food cranks
who seem to believe that meat, coffee and
many other good things are rank poisons,
but these cadaverous, sickly looking in-
dividuals are a walking condemnation of
their own theories.
The matter in a nutshell is that if the
stomach secretes the natural digestive
juices in sufficient quantity any whole-
some food will be promptly digested; if
th« stomach docs not do so. and certain
foods cause distress one or two of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal will
remove all difficulty, because they supply
just what every weak stomach lacks,
pepsin, hydrochloric acid, diastase and
mix.
Stuartls Dyspepsia Tablets do not act
upon the bowels, and In fact are not
strictly a medicine, as they act almost en-
tirely upon the food eaten, digesting It
thoroughly and thus gives n much needed
rest and giving an appetite for the next
meal.
Of. people who travel nine out of ten
use Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, knowing
them to be perfectly safe to use at any
time, and alsu huvkr-r found out by ex-
perience that theA- are a safeguard
a gainst indigestion in any form, and eat-
hiK as they nave to. at all hours and all
kinds of food, the traveling public for
years have pinned their faith to Stuart's
Tablets.
All druggists sell them at 50 "cents for
full sized packages and any druggist from
Maine to California. If his opinion wero
asked, will *ay that Stuarfs Dyspepsia
Tablets Is the most popular and success-
ful remedy for any stomach trouble.
A little booklet on stomach diseases
mailed free by addressing F. A. Stuart
Co.. Marshall. Mich.
WILL LEASE LAND
FOR THE CANAL
Central America Sends
Assurances.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— A dispatch to the
Chronicle from Washington says the
State Department has received assurances
from Cohta Rica and Nicaragua that they
are willing to lease territory to the United
States for I<X> years or 200 years if neces
sary for the construction of the Nicara
guan canal.
This definite assurance absolutely re
moves any doubt that may have existed
as to the agreement of a treaty between
the United States and Costa Rica and
Nicaragua by which the absolute control
of the canal shall be vested in the United
States.
The State Department will proceed , to
make the formal treaty with Nicaragua
and Costa Rica as soon as -the bill has
been passed by Congress, but in the mean
while it is expected that there will be
further notes discussing the treaty be
tween the Governments in advance of the
actual passage of the bill and its signa
ture by the President.
It was stated to-day at the department
that Nicaragua had consented to arbitrate
its differences with the maritime com
pany, which holds that its concession,
while It nominally expired October 13 last,
is still in force under certain clauses of
the agreement. While this matter is ad
mitted to arbitration it was stated at the
department that it would have no ef
fect or delay in the negotiations between
the United States and the two Central
American republics.
are to he assigned for the protection of
New York City.
Other House bills Introduced were: My
Loud of California, for the codification of
the postal laws; by Lamb of Virginia, lix
inß the number of army chaplains at on©
for each regiment.
ROBBINS TO BE UNSEATED.
House Committee on Elections Will
Report Against Him.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20. -The House
Committee on Elections No. 1 divided on
party lines to-day and by a vote of <5 to Z
decided to recommend the sealing of Wil
liam F. Aldrich (R.), who contests the
seat now held by Gaston A. Robbins (D.)
for the Fourth Congressional District of
Alabama. •
li the first decision in a contested
ele< i C2s?e at the present session of
Congress, The contest was based on al
leged intimidation and racial prejudices
growing out of appeals for white su
premacy. A minority report will be made
in behalf of Robbins.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
Bill for a Stone Drydock at Mare Isl-
and Navy Yard Passed.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20— The House
spent an hour to-day In disposing of bills
favorably reported. Among those passed
were the measures to build the league
Island and Mare Island drydocks of stone
Instead of timber. . The reports on the
Roberts case were received. An hour was
given to pronouncing eulogies on the late
Representative Danford of Ohio.
A resolution was passed authorizing the
Secretary of War to admit Almedo Alfero
of Ecuador to the West Point Military
Academy.
A bill was passed to grant the Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific right-of-way
through the Fcrt Sill and Fort Keno mili
tary reservatio. s in Oklahoma.
The joint resolution for the appointment
of former Secretary of State Richard Ol
ney to the vacancy on the Board of Re
gents of the Smithsonian Institution,
caused by the- death of .William Preston
Johnston of I*ouisiana, was .adopted.
Mr. White (colored) presented a petition
signed by 2413 persons for national legis
lation agninst lynching and mob violence,
and asked that It be read at the clerk's
desk. Richardson of Tennessee objected,
saying there was no reason why this pe
tition should not take the usual course.
SHARP EARTHQUAKE
IN CITY OF MEXICO
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 20.— At one
rr.ir.ute before midnight last night a sharp
and prolonged shock of earthquake was
Jelt here. The duration was one minute,
according to the observatory. Many
houses and churcfae* were damaged, but
no loss vf lift- or injury to individuals was
recorded.
The Government is taking strict means
to prevent the introduction of the bubonic
piairue either on the west coast or Gulf
]<"rt:?. and has forbidden vessels from
Brazil entering any Mexican port, and a
strict watch will !>*¦ kept over vessels ar
• living from th^ Orient or Hawaii at Pa
cific coast ports.
TO FEEL THE PUBLIC PULSE.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— The Chronicle to
morrow will s^ay: \VJ H. Hinrichsen. ex
8*-cretary of State. • x-Congressman from
the Sixteenth District and editor of the
Illinois Democratic Bulletin, has been ap
pointed general traveling agent of the
Democratic v.-aj>- and means committee
*n:d will assume his duties at once. Early
this week he will start on a tour of the
Southern S'.a;t.«.
The predse functions of a traveling
ajpeat of ihr ways and means committee
?s jK>t stated, but it - ist understood that
Hinrichsen will be given the assignment
of feHing the pt:!s>- of the people in doubt
ful States and he will report from time to
limi as to The availability of candidates
a"'i their Intensity of fec'.ing as to the
•various na'.ior.al party issue?.
Suber Wins.
SAX IJERXARDIXO. Jan. 2^.— Judge
C»mp\>oH has rendered an opinion in the
ca;-e entitled Howard T. Hayes vp. Suber.
:n which action Hayes f-ought to quiet
title to twenty acres of oranpe land. ?<=t-
Hr.z up a tax d/ed of the Hast Riverside
Jrnjr;:tion district as his title. The de
fendant •attjtckfd th<- detcJ on the pround
that th*> district bond? were invalid. The
court held thai the bonds wen- invalid
and gave judgment for the defendant.
Canada's Foreign Trade.
OTTAWA. Ont.. Jan. 29.— Accord ing to
figures complied by the. Treasury Depart
ment. Canada's foreipn trade is growing
rapidly. The export? for the first Fix
months cf the present liscal year show
en Increase of tl&fiOOjOOO over lasa year
and the imports have increased about
fHfiOQJOOH. Exports and imports for the pjx
months ending December SI total $203,-
Feally Jury Disagrees.
Cpp^Ui! I i; patch to T!i» Call.
NAPA. Jan. 20.— The jury In the Rlch
erd Feally case disagreed to-day. It was
out four hour? ¦ and was discharged by
Jt;dg^ Ham at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Fealty will be tried ajrain on February 13.
He is chaired with cutting off George
Newman's no«o.
Kaiserine's Mother Grows Worse,
E;*na! Cab!" to The Cull mid New York Her
ald. <'nr>yr:g!fteii, IKX), l.y James Gordon
V,' nnctt.
BERLIN", Jan. I^.— The condition of the
Dochean of Bcfeleswig-HolsteliiJ mother of
the Kaiserinf . has changed for the worse.
*
Will Meet in Portland
COL MAUS WILL NOW
INSPECT THE BIG GUNS
EFFICIENCY OF HEAVY ARTIL
LERY TO BE TESTED.
Military Rscord of Presidio's New
Commandant — Filipinos to B3
Fed and Deported.
The annual inspection at the Presidio is
progressing slowly but thoroughly. Lieu
tenant Colonel Maus, inspector general of
the department, has completed his in
spection of the equipment of the cavalry
and light artillery, and during the com
ing week will devote several days to look
ing over the big guns on whicn the main
reitance Is placed for the defense of the
harbor of San Francisco. 'I he men of the
heavy artillery will be required to maneu
ver trie monster ordnance pieces, and any
defect either in equipment or drill will be
carefully noted. Tne cavalry and light
artillery will also be required to snow
their skill in field maneuvers.
Lieutenant Colonel Richard I. Eskrldge,
Twenty-third Infantry, the new com
mandant at the Presidio, has a fine record
as a soldier and an officer. He enlisted in
the Second lowa Volunteer Infantry on
September 16, 18til, and was mustered oui
in May of the following year. In the fall
of Itoi2 he enlisted In the Second Missouri
Cavalry, being made a sergeant, and a
tew months later he was oiiered a lieu
tenant's commission in the Fourteenth
Missouri Cavalry, which he accepted. He
was mustered out of the volunleer serv
ice in ISBS, at the close of the war, having
attained the rank of captain. He was ap
pointed second lieutenant of the Four
teenth Regular Infantry on February, 23.
1566. and promoted to a first lieutenancy
a month later. In September of the same
year he was transferred to the Twenty
third Infantry. He was made a captain
in 1573 and a major in 1837. He served
through the Cuban campaign In command
of a battalion of the Tenth Infantry,
which took a prominent part in the fight
ing at El Caney and San Juan Hill. In
the fighting before Santiago he was struck
by a piece of shell and severely wounded.
He has not yet fully recovered from the
effects of his Injury. It was Lieutenant
Colonel Eskridge's desire to rejoin hia
regiment, the Twenty-third, to which he
had been transferred, in the Philippines,
but In view of his physical condition his
request was refused and he was ordered
to the Presidio.
Major Cowles is still on temporary duty
at the Presidio.
First Lieutenant Walter Cox. assistant
surgeon. ' IT." S. A., has been assigned to
temporary duty at the United States gen
eral hospital at the Presidio, awaiting
transportation to the Philippines.
Four Filipincs. recently members of
Colonel Walter Stone's circus aggregation,
applied to General Shafter yesterday for
transportation to the Philippines and for
assistance pending their deportation. Gen
eral Shafter Informed them that a tent
would be placed at their disposal at the
Presidio and they would be allowed one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
INSTALL THEIR OFFICERS
RATHBONE SISTERS CROWNED
IN ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
The Ceremonies in Public Witnesssd
by a Very Large Number of
Interested People.
Odd Fellows* main hall was crowded
last night by Knights of Pythias and their
lady friends to witness the public installa
tion of the officers of the following named
lodges of the Knights of Pythias: Califor
nia, Damon, Golden Gate, Laurel, Ivan
hoe. Alamania, Myrtle, South San Fran
cisco, Syracuse, Unity, Golden City, Lay
City, Roma, Jefferson, Mars and the offi
cers of San Francisco Temple of the Rath
bone Sisters, the ladies' auxiliary of the
Knights. The decorations were in the
three colors of the order— blue, yellow and
red— and over the stage In the midst of
evergreens was the banner of Pythianism
prominently displayed. The officers of the
ladies' branch were the first to be in
stalled. They occupied the western end of
the hall and after they had in pairs been
charged with their duties a young mis 3
dressed in white, representing Flora, en
tered, followed by six smaller girls, also
In white, each bearing crowns of vari
colored flowers. Upon their approach to
the platform, upon which stood Mrs. Ada
E. Merguire. the installing officer, and her
assistants, the new officers of the temple
knelt, the lights were turned down, red
fire was burned and a crown placed on
the head of each, while the members of
the temple sang an appropriate ode. This
closed the ceremony and the following
named were declared duly Installed for
the term: Mrs. S. P. Daggett. past chief;
Mrs. Ida F. McCready. M. E. C; Mrs. D.
D. Robertson, E. S.; Mrs. Maude R. Pur
die, E. J.: Mrs. Anne C. Tarcy, M. of T.;
Mrs. Emma Schofield. M. of R. and C;
Mrs. E. R. Welch. M. of E.; Mrs. E. B.
Dwight. P. of T.; Mrs. Maude O'Brien,
G. of T.
Then followed the installation of the
following named officers of the lodges by
General Herman Schaffner, acting grand
chancellor, in a very Impressive manner:
Chancellors— A. H. Brown. F. A. Koesrel, A.
M. Sadierer. M. 6>. Kramer, John Wise, Eu-
Rcne Gardner, J. I. Manson, Charles - Millv,
Hugh Lundy, R. Q. W. Dance, George H.
Richardson. A. H. Kasper, C. Lombard!, M.
D. Martini, F. W. Holland.
Vice Chancellors— L.. P. Millman. P. O. Par
kinson, M. Manning. M. N. Bradeen, Henry
Strieker. O Powell, Samuel Hansen. Charles
Levy, I. J. Welch, C. T. Qrovnlne, Julius Ga
briel, G. Pelettleri, G. Perfelto. P. E. Marcy.
Prelates — I. W. Pcol. Alex Allen. M. C. Dunn.
A F Minaker, W« J. Tuska, O. Schwarzmsn!
Mr. McMahoney.' Charles Strieker. J. 11.
Keen, A. S. Jones, P. Schlesslnger, A. Sera
enti O Bellumomie. W. J. Robertson.
Master* of the Work— Z. T. Barber. Will J.
Beatty. H. Borneman. D. C. SehatTer, J. Hefty.
A. Hoffman. James fciorenson, V. Grandshlno.
E H. Cliff, J. H. Marshall. C. E. Morey. E.
Casara, G. Petanl, J. Struta.
Keepers of Record and Seal— W. H. Colb. E.
B. Hardins. W. H. Dorman, Ernest Ullman.
O. Norcross. W. H. Davis, C. S. Hoffman. H.
C Hlnckrn, George Thompson, Q. C. Morris,
t,. G Perl, A. M. Codeplla. M. 11. Beach.
Masters of finance — John Huber, F. M. Till-
Bon. "D. J. Lewis. A. C. Krell. F. I. Steindler,
S. Vock. V. C. Post. John Berrallle. Aaron
Warch George F. Lang. Mumar Kose. Louis
Scheib, G. Malprcde, E. Gabrlelle, A. J. Morri
son.
Masters of exchequer— Henry Beaver. T. J.
Lee, A. Oppenhelmer, D. W. Saylor. K. Win
ter, C. W. Kevin. John A. Jacobs, Jacob Horn,
C. F. Schcenfeldt, L. C. Levey, Max Charles,
G. Penna, E. Fanda. R. G. Barton.
Masters at arms— T. M. String. Jam»s David
son, T. L. Webber. P.. Petteroen, George H.
Saunders. E. Patterson, Oscar Hoffman, Carl
Hanson, Samuel Meyer. T. Boemer, E. G. E.
Nordhoff. W. H. Gourley. I*. Rosa. C. Sbrogta,
M. Kajleve.
Inner guards— Henry Ahem, G. H. Danton. B.
Schlff. P. L. Phillips. D. L. Sternberg, C.
Matthews, M. Frank, Peter Anderson, Joe Cres
teros. R. Weiss. August tengler, Samuel
Schwartz, V. Kiml, Alfred Vollsny.
Outer i?unrds— M. Schumacher. G. E. Kassel.
R. E. Heinrich. J. H. Brook. John Payne. I".
Larsen, XI. Young. Peter Wolff. S. Grossman,
W. E. Havory. Henry Scott. David Hare, G.
Venturl. V. Venturi. C L. Stahle.
While this ceremony was in progress
the stage was occupied by a number of
grand officers and members of the Uni
form Rank in military fatigue uniform.
After the installation there was danc
ing for three hours under the direction of
A. E. Lucas, floor manager, and the fol
lowing: L. Scheib. A. M. Sacherer, H.
Beaver. F. A. Koegel. Dr. G. S. Backman,
John Dern, B. R. Marsh. Thomas Clark.
Oliver Powell. H. C. illneken. Emll Co
hen. S. W. Powell. Dr. A. S. Tuckler. W.
H. Cousins. G. Marionl. P. Plnella, J. T.
Lloyd. Mrs. Ida M. Brook, Mrs. Emma
Scholfleld.
Judged by little standards, and this
chapter is one which includes his married
life. When Ruskin was young and al
ready famous he met one evening at a
dance in London a most beautiful girl.
The hostess, pointing her out to him, told
him that he should marry her.
Ruskin, so say his critics, was too en
amored of the beautiful In art to fall in
love with a beautiful human being, but
however that may be, he married the girl
and gave her a magnificent home. After
a time John Ruskin brought Millais, tho
painter, to his home and asked him' to
paint his wife's portrait.
Millais was then a man of the most
superb physique, broad shouldered, deep
chested and with great length and
strength of limb. While he was painting
the portrait he fell in love with, his
friend's wife and the wife fell in love with
him.
Ruskin saw the unfolding of this ro
mance, which might easily grow into a
tragedy. His wife loved him no longer.
There was neither accusation, nor blame
for her, but he secured a. divorce and then
one fine morning walked into church with
his late wife and Millais and stood by
while they were married.
The painter Millais became the leading
artist in England, and the beauty of his
wife one of the charms of London society.
It is said that most of the unhappiness
which fell upon the last twenty years of
Ruskin's life owed its origin to this dis
appointment. Vet the great writer out
lived both Sir John and Lady Millais.
It was in ISS6 that the first symptoms of
any breaking down of Ruskin's mind be
came apparent. It was at Oxford, where
he was delivering a lecture, lie suddenly
became incoherent on the platform and
greatly exercised the feelings of a sym
pathetic audience. From that time till
his death Ruskin's great mind has been
under a cloud, and at times he has given
way to fits of violence. In 1393, as a mark
of honor to his genius. W. E. Gladstone,
then Prime Minister of England, offered
Ruskin the position of poet laureate, but
Passing of a Man Who For Half a Century
Held a High Place in the World of
ration a day until the departure of the
n»xt hors* transport, in which they would
be given passage back to the islands. The
offer ras accepted and the Filipinos will
move out to the reservation to-morrow.
Several others of the troupe win also taka
advantage of General Shafter's offer.
INDIANS WILL
VISIT CONGRESS
Want the Money Prom
ised Their Tribes.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
SPOKANE. Jan. 20.— Three of the most
famous Indian chiefs of this part of the
Northwest left here this morning for
Washington. D. C. where they will en
deavor to have the Government carry out
the agreement made in the Colville treaty
of ISSI, by which the tribes were to be
paid $1,500,000 for surrendering part of the
reservation. The trio consists of Lot,
head chief of the Spokanes of the' Spokane
reservation; Barnaby. head chief of the
Colvilles. and Or-Paug-Han. head chief of
the Lakes, from the Oolvllle reservation.
Major A. M. Anderson, thu agent in
charge of the reservation, and two half
breed Indian Interpreters accompany the
party East. These three chi*>ts have the
unique distinction of being the only lead
ers of Northwestern tribes -who would not
permit their bands to take pan in any of
the bloody -wars which were waged
against the early vhite settlers of this
«ectlon. T
In 1500 Congress authorized a, commis
sion to visit the tribes and make a treaty
for the ceding of the north half of the
Colville reservation. This commission met
the Indians and agreed that if the north
half be surrendered the Government
would pay $1,500,000 and apportion the
south half pro rata among the Indians.
Congress refused to ratify this treaty.
Since by act of Congress the entire re
serve has-been opened to mineral entry,
the Government has agents at work al
lotting but lm acres each to the Indians
and is preparing in the near future to
throw the remainder of the reservation
open to public settlement.
BRYAN SNUBBED
AT BALTIMORE
Coolly Treated by Party
Leaders.
BALTIMORE. Jan. 20.— Hon. William J.
Bryan delivered an address here to-night
upon the political questions of the day to
an audience which filled Music Hall, the
biggest auditorium in the city, to its full
est capacity, and which greeted him and
his remarks with the greatest enthusiasm.
The meeting was held under the
auspices of the Maryland Democratic As
sociation, one of the free silver wings of
the. Democratic party of the State, and
was not encouraged in any manner by the
regular Democratic organization. In fact,
the latter held strictly aloof from partici
pation in the affair. It made no etfort to
discourage it in any manner, but not one
of the. Democratic leaders appeared upon
platform, and an offer of stage tickets
was politely declined by the principal
members of the Democratic Central Com
mittee.
Mr. Bryan came over from Washington
in a special car. accompanied by a com
mittee under the leadership of S. S. Field,
chairman of the committee on arrange
ments. Upon reaching this city the party
drove to the Eutaw House for dinner,
after which they went to Music Hall. At
the conclusion of Mr. • Bryan's address
he was the guest at a banquet given in his
honor by his admirers in this city and
vicinity.
RICHARD CROKER
ASSISTED GOEBEL
Tammany's Operations
in Kentucky.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 2i>.-Governor
Taylor, in defending the contest for the
gubernatorial chair brought against him
by William Ooebol. has. through his at
torneys, spicad a larce drapnot in gath
ering bis evidence, and it i.s expected that
before th« contest is ended some sensa
tional evidence will he brought before the
contesting Democrat*. The Republicans"
attorneys have decided to hrinjy Into the
*:gh: no let-s a factor than Tammany Hali
and have already Mimmoned as a witness
one of the confidential advisers of Richi'.rd
Croker. The object of bringing witnesses
front NVw York will be. to prove that
Iliehard Croker. as the executive head of
Tammany Hal!, was in league with Wil
liam i.o^r-el. the contestant in the present
h^arinjr. to enrry the State for the Dem
ocratic nominee. The attempt will be
inside by the Republicans to ihow that at
least two of ire loading Democratic poli
ticians of this State visited Richard Crok
er in behalf of William Gocbel and that
they secured from him, as the official
head of Tammany Hall, substantial aid in
carrying on the Democratic campaign.
It ha? already born charged by Gover
nor Taylor, in his counter-claim, tiled
with the hoard of contest yesterday, that
GoebclJ together with the chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee and
others interested, entered into a combine
with Richard Croker of New York. John
K. McLean of Ohio, the Standard Oil
Company ar.d other persons and corpora
tions to debauch and corrupt the voters
«.f the State, and that for this purpose
these persons and corporations contri
buted large sums of money with which
many voters were Induced or bought to
remain, and did remain, away from the
polls. Othtr similar uses of funds are al
leged In the counter-notice.
The Republican attorneys refused to
talk about the matter. Ex-Governor
Bradley admitted that William Clarke
bad bees summoned, but declined to say
Miything about what they expected to
prove by him. William Clark*" is recog
nized as thr- confidant here of Croker.
The Republicans put on the stand dur
h b the <iay cipht witnesses. Their testi
mony was confined largely to the situa
tion in Louisville and brought out noth
ing new.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
V
21
PORTLAND. Jan. 20.— Thf> Democratic
Stat* CommUt**; to-day dooirlod to hold
the State convention in Portland. April
12.p. a. McDonald.
.Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Ccka*
OFFICE* OS FOLSOiI ST. ¦>
them will be Rev. George R. r>odson of
Alameda, P. J. Van Loben Sels of Oak
land and Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of the University of California. Rev. Dr.
Stebpins will voice the tribute the club
pays to the memory of James Martineau,
scholar,* philosopher and Unitarian. Rev.
George W. Stone of the American Uni
tarian Association will also be present.
CARELESS WITH HIS MONEY.
Louis Brown, a tailor at 220 McAllister
Btreet, received a suit of clothes to be
cleaned and pressed yesterday afternoon.
The owner did not leave his name or ad
dress, but said he would call for the suit
on Monday or Tuesday.
When Brown went through the pockets
preparatory to cleaning the suit ne was
astonished to find four $100 bills and a $20
gold piece In one of the trousers pockets.
At first he was puzzled to know what to
do with the money, but finally consulted
his next-door neighbor, T. J. Clancy, , the
saloon-keeper. Clancy told of his experi
ence a few months ago in a similar case
and advised him to give the money into
the custody of Captain Seymour at the
City Prison, which was done.
There may be some mystery about the
money, but It Is probable that the owner
of the suit had forgotten that he had left
it In his trousers pockets. At all events
he will be asked for an explanation when
he makes a demand for it on Captain Sey
mour.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
LABORERS ARE PLENTIFUL.
Many Applications Filed With the
Civil Service Commissioners.
Up to 5 p. m. yesterday 2000 applications
for positions as, laborers and 1180 applica
tions for examinations in the classified
civil service had been filed with the Civil
Service Commissioners. Of the first 500
laborers registered, 6S neglected to file ap
plications, without which their registra
tion is not complete. They have been in
structed to file their applications at once.
The Commissioners have notified the
Board of Public Works that hundreds of
laborers are ready and eager to go to
work. Requisitions for laborers will prob
ably be made on the Commissioners by
the bureau of the Board of Public Works
within a few days. After receiving these
expected requisitions i the Commissioners
will notify the laborers in the order of
their applications to appear at the offlce,
so that ft may be known that they are at
least apparently able to do the work
which may be assigned to them.
CHINESE SLEUTH
SYSTEM PROVES
II FLAT FAILURE
Six Companies Alter
Some Defects.
SUEY SING LEADER IN NAPA
OFFICERS STILL GUARD RESI-
DEK"CE OF JUE BXTN.
*
One Thousand Highbinders Have
Been Driven From the City by
the Authorities Within
Four Days.
The Chinese detective system has thus
far proved a failure so far as the deten
tion or prosecution of criminals is con
cerned. Certain defects were altered at
a meeting of the Six Companies last even
ing, but the alterations may only have
the effect of abolishing the heathen sleuth
force altogether. Until the present lime,
however, it has had one good effect. In
conjunction with the efforts of the offi
cers—that of driving the highbinders from
Chinatown and of placing the situation
¦well under control. Since the Chinese de
tectives commenced to operate with the
police they have been in the habit of
pointing out hatchetmen. but when the
parties they designated were in the hands
«jf the officers they have disappeared, and
the police have had no evidence on which
to hold their prisoners. In this respect the
system has been a failure.
Last night the Six Companies decided
thai the detectives giving information to
any officer must swear to a complaint
iijrair.st. the person whose arrest they
caused. Now the police are certain the
detective* will give up their jobs, as very
few Chinese care to be known as a prose
cutor of a highbinder. This provision was
made at the suggestion of the police, who
recognize how easily the system could be
abused. As in the days of the Paris Com
mune, one person could cause the arrest of
any of his enemies by simply making a
statement that they were lawbreakers.
Tew highbinders still remain within the
limits oi Chinatown. Most of them have
fled to the vegetable gardens near South
Kan Francisco, and others are hiding in
laundries about town or nave gone to the
interior of the State.
An opinion has been given that both of
the warring tongs are willing to settle
their trouble, but this is doubted, as the
Hop Sing tong is still emaxting under its
d«.ieat, due to its rivals superiority in
numbers. About five hundred members
of t.ach tong are no longer seen on the
etieets. and the police fear for no mori
murdeis until after the holidays at leart.
The Chinaman arrested by Sergeant El
lis and posse as being >he president of the
Hop Sing tong is still in the tanks, itn-i
Captain Wittman still hopes to establish
his identity. Ihe man was pointed out
to the ]>olice as Wong Shi Shu by Chinese
detectives, and the police have reason to
believe that the Information they received
is correct, bxzt an atempt to prove the
man's identity was frustrated by the dis
appearance of the detectives. The oresi
«ient of the Hop Sing tong, Lum Yok Lip,
has been located in N'apa, and officers
Jeft San Francisco yesterday to arrest
him.
Two well-known highbinders, who were
arrested by Sergeant Duke and Officer
Connor on Friday night, had to be liber
ated yesterday on account of the failure
of Chinese detectives who gave the In
formation leading to their arrest to ap
jwar and furnish the officers with evi
dence.
Jue Bun, the contractor at 711 Commer
cial street, who pave the police Informa
tion that the building in which he resides
ivas likely to be destroyed, is still in fear
of his life and last night extra officers
were detailed to watch on the premises.
Bun selects about BuO Chinamen who will
•work for the Alaska Commercial Com
pany on Tuesday next and on, or even be
fore that day, he thinks that an attempt
¦will he made to take his life. It ap
pears that in selecting men he is likely to
be mere partial to one tong than to an
other and dissension arises. In past years
he has experienced the same difficulty,
but he claims that never before has he
had such strong reasons to suppose that
iin attempt will be made to take his life.
Dr. Gardiner, Chinese Inspector and in
terpreter for the Chinese Bureau, arrested
last Friday evening a Chinese woman
JiiimH Ng Choy for being unlawfully In
the United States, she not having been
able to produce her registration papers.
The woman was turned over to the cus
tody of United States Marshal Shine,
INJUNCTION DISSOLVED.
Witnesses In Nymphia Cases
May Be Arrested For
Vagrancy.
Although the Injunction restraining the
police from interfering with the Hotel
Nymphia has been dissolved. Captain
¦\Vittman did not visit the place last
night. He knew that no results awaited
him, as the owners of the resort had an
ticipated his coming and had everything
ready to receive him. The injunction was
dissolved by Judge Murasky yesterday
and next Tuesday the court will hear
]>illian Dale's testimony on her petition
to perpetually restrain the police from
closing the den.
The police state that those persons who
made affidavit to the effect that they were
ENGLISH
CREPONS'
CUPID PLAYS A STAR ACT ON A REAL STAGE
By His Own Negligence.
An Inquest was held yesterday by Cor
oner Cole upon the body of Thomas Pat
ton, the old man who was killed near
Ocean View last Tuesday by being run
over by the San Jose train. The Jury
returned a verdict that the accident was
caused by the negligence of the deceased
In passing under the gates while tbft train,
was In motion.
lap Ken my St,
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
Bids Invited for Printing.
Notices were sent yesterday to thirty
two union printing offices by Registrar
Walsh inviting bids for 75,000 affidavit
blanks for use In the Registration office.
The bids will be opened on January 29, the
date set for the next meeting of the Board
of Election Commissioners.
: The board' will move to the quarters now
occupied by the Chief of Police and the
Police Courts in the I,arkln street wing
as soon as the latter are located in the
Hall of Justice building. The quarters
vacated by the Registrar in the basement
will be utilized <¦ by the Board of Educa
tion for a storeroom.
Supreme Court Calendar.
The Supreme Court will take up the
January calendar to-morrow, and on the
list are 150 cases, which is an unusually
large number. One of the principal mat
ters for the consideration of the court is
the Hoff murder appeal case, which will
come up for argument. Hoff, who killed
Mrs. Richard Clute. was sayed from be
ing hanged several months ago by the
higher court deciding that the Judge of
the lower court had erred in the matter
of instructing the jury. The appeal this
time is for a reconsideration of the last
decision.
Again on Hand.
Another carload Barter's Odorless Oil
heaters Just received. Guaranteed not to
smoke or smell. Money refunded if not
satisfactory. Five sizes. Chas. Brown &
Son, 807 Market street, Flood Buildintr
San Francisco. •
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Max Cohen, a messenger boy. was ar
rested yesterday afternoon and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of grand lar
ceny. A few weeks ago Cohen delivered a
note to Hugo Fritz, a barkeeper at the
Orpheum, purporting to have been writ
ten by Policeman Dan Sylvester. The note
requested Fritz to give the bearer $20, and
Sylvester's name was affixed to the end
of it. Fritz gave the boy the money and
he returned with it to the Rococo sa
loon, on Market street, where he claims
to have handed It over to the man who
sent him for it. A few days later Sylves
ter discovered that his name had been
fraudulently used, hence the arrest.
The Roll Must Be Called.
The City Attorney yesterday sent an
opinion to the Board of Supervisors that
under the charter no bill shall become an
ordinance nor resolution be adopted unless
finally passed by a majority of all the
members of the board and the vote be
taken by ayes and noes. The names of
the members voting for and against the
same shall be entered in the journal.
This does away with the rule of the for
mer board, under which the chair would
state that "if there are no objections the
resolution is adopted." The charter pre
scribes that the vote shall be taken as a
test by which to determine whether the
requisite number of members vote in the
affirmative.!
Music at St. Dominic's.
The regular monthly musical service
will be given at St. Dominic's Church this
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The choir, under
the direction of Robert Lloyd, will render
the following programme:
"Venl Creator" Lloyd
Messrs. Ogllvle, Luttrtng-er. Lloyd, Mcßatne.
Organ prelude J. K. Paine
Franklin Palmer.
"Gloria In Excels'.s" Gans
Full choir. Solos by Will Offllvle and W.
A. Connolly.
"Fear Not Ye. O Israel" Buck
Miss Clara Atkins.
"Evening: Song" Schumann
Mr. Palmer.
"Prats* Te Jehovah" Saint-Saens
"O SalutarU" Lejeal
' 'Tantum Ergo .Dethler
Robert Lloyd and choir.
"Marche Pontificate" Tombelll
Mr. Palmer.
Seed Catalogue Free.
The Cox Seed Company of 411-413-415
Sansome street has issued its annual Il
lustrated catalogue of seeds and plants.
Artistically and typographically it is a
perfect specimen of the printer's art. It
contains a complete price list of all the
seeds and plants grown on the Pacific
Coast. The Cox Seed Company is among
the largest growers and dealers of the
best seeds and plants In the West, and
their business Is rapidly increasing owing
to the fact that growers are giving the
preference to native grown seeds over the
Eastern product.
A copy of the new catalogue will be
mailed free to any address sent to the
company s headquarters In San Fran
cisco. •
NAMED THEIR CLUB.
New Suffrage Organization to Be
Known as the Stanton Club.
The new suffrage club which was or
ganized on Monday evening last with Mrs.
Foltz as president met last evening at
that lady's house and decided that the
new club shall be known as the Elizabeth
Cady Stanton Club. A declaration of
principles was made and a constitution
and' by-laws were adopted. It was de
cided that the club will meet on the sec
ond Saturday of each month. Many new
members signed the membership roll last
evening, G. E. D. Diamond, a wonderful
old man of 104 years, heading the list.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Kate
Ryan against W. W. Ryan, for failure to
provide; James H. McGrath against Mary
McGrath. for cruelty; Florence P. Kelley
against James Kelley, for desertion; Eliz
abeth Hanratty against Peter Hanratty,
for cruelty; Jacques St. Germes against
Eugenic St. Germes. for desertion, and
John M. Ricker against Mary A. Ricker,
for desertion.
Nellie E. Knowlton has sued her hus
band, Ralph M. Knowlton, to recover $35
permanent alimony for her maintenance
and support.
Odd sizes or
Kid Gloves
If you wear a very small or large glove,
opportunity awaits you; Ladies' kid gloves
in sizes si, sh sh 7> l\ and 7h worth $1.50,
will be sold during this week for
/ *jc a pair .
Also si, si and 5I in black only at^«
5
Odd sizes in
Hosiery and
Underwear
This week, prior to our
annual stock-taking we will
close out broken lines of
ladies' and children's hos-
iery and underwear at im-
mense reductions.
The prices will be about
one-half
what is usually charged.
Axminster Rugs
A new shipment of beau-
tiful Turkish patterns, size
27x63 inches; an excep-
tional value for
$2.50 each
Domestic Goods
Our domestic depart-
ment is now complete in
every. detail and we men-
tion as a few specials:
Bed spreads, hemmed edges
jo-4,atsi.oo, £1.15, $1.25
up to $4. 50 each.
Bed spreads, fringed on
all sides, 10-4, $1.50, $2.25
and $3.00 each.
Utica Mills
Sheets and pillow cases
in all sizes.
This product- is acknowl-
edged to be the best in the
world.
Enlarges Its Gymnasium.
The Young Men's Christian Association
is making special efforts to Increase its
membership and has Just completed some
very extensive Improvements to Its gym
nasium. Three instructors are now en
gaged In the physical department.
The classes for young ladles in physical
culture and swimming are held every
Wednesday and Saturday morning. F. E.
Swanson, recently from the East, has
been secured to conduct this class. Dr.
Martin of the College of Physicans and
Surgeons conducts the classes for boys,
which meet Tuesday and Thursday after
noons, and for swimming on Friday after
noons. A. G. Mattern Is the general su
perintendent of the gymnasium and Harry
Miro the teacher in swimming.
Unitarian Club Banquet.
The Unitarian Club of California will
meet to-morrow evening at banquet In
the rooms of the Merchants* Club, 222
Sansomo street. The attendance promises
to be large because of the interesting sub
ject, "The War In South Africa." which
will be discussed by some of the most
brilliant speakers of the West. Among
Park Music To-Day.
"Prophet march Meyerbeer
Overture. "Dedication of the Temple"
Keler Bela
Yuletlde. ••Christmas Melodies" Kappey
Fantasia on Christian Endeavor hymns
Spadlna
"Carillon de Noel" (Christmas Bells)
Sydney Smith
Overture. "Jubel ' Weber
Bong. "The Evening Star" from "Tannha.u
*er" Wajntr
Grand fantasia on the national songs of the
greatest nations of the world Sous*
"Hallelujah Chorus" from the "Messiah"..
Handel
The San Francisco Polyclinic
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Polycllnlc the following officers were
elected: President, Dr. William A. Mar
tin: first vice president. Dr. Washington
Dodge: second vice president. Dr. Leo
Newmark: secretary. Dr. Martin Regens
burger; treasurer. Dr. George Merritt;
honorary members — Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Mrs. Phebe Hearst. Professor Starr Jor
dan and Hon. James D. Phelan were
elected. The annual report showed that
21,000 visits had been made to the Institu
tion during the last year.
McKittrick Oil Fields.
The attention of oil men throughout the
country Is being attracted to the wonder
ful development in this district. The big
strike yesterday in the Giant Company's
new well No. 2 has caused a rush for the
stock of that company, and the first block
of 10,000 shares will soon be taken. An
excursion to view the wells Is being
planned for the coming week. Particu
lars at their offlce, in the Mills building. •
Five cases Black Serges and
Cheviots, 52 to 56 Inches
wide,
$1.00 yard.
CHAPLAIN'S WIFE IN COURT.
Her Case Continued and She Is Sent
to the Hospital Suffering From
Nervous Prostration.
Mrs. M. A. Swift, wife of the chaplain
of the Thirteenth Regiment, charged with
obtaining money and goods by false pre
tenses from Mangrum & Otter, appeared
before Judge Cabiniss yesterday morning.
She was represented by Attorney Critten
den Thornton and Lieutenant Wilson' of
General Shatter's staff was also in court
to look after her interests.
The case was by consent continued till
Tuesday, as no effort has apparently been
made to pay Mangrum & Otter the 513 75
they demand. She has not been released
on bail, as it is thought the temporary
confinement In prison may do her good In
keeping her from ¦ using, morphine. •• She
was in such a condition - yesterday after
noon from nervous prostration that she
had to be taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal and a policeman was detailed to watch
her.
BEHIND the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Mcßobie by Judge Kerri
gan yesterday is a romance extending over five years. On Thanksgiv
ing day, 1595, William R. Mcßobie and his wife, known in theatricalcir
cles as Vira Evans, separated after a married life of seven years. Mc-
Robie heard nothing of his divorced wife during the long interval until he
arrived in San Francisco last week to play the "double" in "A Hot Old
Time" at the new Alhambra. Sunday night after the performance Mcßobie.
in company with several members of the "Hot Old Time" company, dropped
in at the Olympla in time to hear the star musical act on the programme
that of Misses Chandler and McPherson. In the former Mcßobie recognized
his former wife, and after recovering from his great surprise he waited
impatiently for the conclusion of the turn. He tktn hastened to meet Miss
Chandler in her dressing room, and soon the reconciliation was complete.
They both agreed that the separation had been a mistake and decided to
start all over again, hence the marriage yesterday morning. Mrs Mcßobie
will return to her home in Chicago. Mcßobie will reach Chicago in about
two months, where he will join his wife, who will travel with him in the
future.
TRINITY'S NEW RASTOR
ARRIVES IN THE CITY
DELEGATION OF VESTRYMEN
CROSSES BAY TO MEET HIM.
Distinguished Divine Who Has Held
Some of the Most Important '
Trusts in. the Country.
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, the new
pastor of Trinity Episcopal Church, ar
rived In the city yesterday afternoon on
the overland and Is now staying at the
Occidental.
The distinguished divine was met across
the bay by a delegation consisting of Ves
trymen Colonel J. V. D. Middleton, Major
W. L. Hooper, Judge W. E. F. Deal, John
Landers and W. E. Dean, which escorted
him to his hotel and extended to him the
usual courtesies due a stranger within
our gates.
When seen last night Dr. Clampett said
that he had as yet formed no plans nor
could he give out anything for publication
until he had had an opportunity to meet
and consult with his congregation. He
was very tired after his long trip across
the continent and would not assume the
duties of his pastorate until a week from
to-day. He will be present, however, at? 1
the congregational convention which is to
be held in Trinity Church on Tuesday
next.
Dr. Clampett succeeds Dr. Cook as
pastor of Trinity, though Dr. Nansen has
been officiating since the latter gentleman
left for the East. As soon as Dr. Clam
pett has had time to settle upon a per
manent residence he will send for his wife
and family, who are now residing in
Bloomington, 111.
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett was born
of Scotch-Irish parents forty years ago
and was educated In the University of
Dublin, where he graduated in honors
in classics and literature. He was or
dained deacon by the present Archbishop
of Armagh, then the Bishop of Derry, and
shortly afterward came to the United
States. He was recommended by the late
Cornelius Vanderbilt to the assistantship
at St. Bartholomew's Church, New York
City, where for over four years he was
the afternoon preacher. While in that
church he was ordained priest by Right
Rev. Henry C. Potter, Bishop of >ew
York.
In 1SS8 he was called to Springfield, 111.,
where he formed a new parish and built
one of the largest churches of the diocese.
In 1891 he was called to take charge of
Trinity Church, Columbus. Ohio, and in
1892 was appointed rector of St. Peter's
Church, Baltimore, which charge he now
fills. St. Peter's Church is the largest
Episcopal church In Baltimore (a city of
620,000 people) and has the reputation of
having the largest congregation of any
Episcopal church in the city.
Trinity's new pastor has the reputation
of being one of the finest pulpit orators in
the United States, and his executive abil
ity has been signally demonstrated in his
administration of the affairs of St. Peter's
Church in Baltimore, which parish he has
practically made, raising it from compar
ative obscurity to a foremost place
among the Episcopal parishes of America.
SOUNDLY THRASHED BY
AN ANGRY BROTHER
COURSE OF TRUE LOVE DOES NOT
RUN SMOOTHLY.
The Marriage of Mamie Wineroth and
Joseph Coll Has Been for the
Present Indefinitely
Postponed.
The course of true love has. not run
smoothly in" the case of Joseph Coll, a
tailor, and Mamie "Wineroth, a pretty girl
living on Natoma street, near Fifth. They
were engaged to be married yesterday
morning, but Mamie's parents and her
brother Harry, who are bitterly opposed
to the match, prevented it.
Coll lives at 171 Seventh street, but
boards with Mrs. Greenfeld, 442>£ Natoma
street, where he met Mamie, who is only
17 years of age. Owing to the opposition
of her parents Mamie left home about a
week ago and Coll secured a room for her
at the Clifton House, Powell street. They
arranged to be married by a Justice of
the Peace yesterday morning and on Fri
day night Coll got Mrs. Greenfeld to go
with him and Mamie to buy the wedding
ring.
Mamie's big brother Harry had been
searching for her, and he stumbled
against the trio in front of the Clifton
House. He "didn't do a thing" to Coll
and when .he had concluded his efforts
Coll was a sight and Mamie and Mrs.
Greenfeld had disappeared.
Wineroth was arrested on the charge of
battery and ¦ the cose - came up before
Judge Mogan yesterday. Mamie was
waiting. in the warrant clerk's offlce till
the case was called when her brother
walked in. .She screamed and fainted,
which caused a sensation in court. The
Judge ordered her to be taken into his
chambers until she revived and Harry
carried her bodily through the court to
the chambers. After she had revived the
Judge . called her up and threatened to
send her to Jail unless she would consent
to go home with her brother. She was
obdurate till her brother remarked that
Coll had boasted he had made the dress
she wore.
"I won't stand for that," she said, with
flashing eyes, "and will go home."
The Judge continued the hearing of the
battery case till Tuesday.
Black Mohair CreDon
Dress Patterns, five
stules- -$7.50 pattern
Black Mohair Crepon
Dress Patterns, six
stules-. $9.00 rattern
Black Silk Mohair C?e-
Don Dress Patterns,
fifteen stules
$12.00 pattern
Black Silk Mohair Cre-
Don Dress Patterns,
nine stules
515.00 pattern
EXTRA SESSION
CAUCUS PLEDGE
IS NOW AMENDED
Majority of Sixty-One
Will Not Win.
REQUIRE FORTY-THREE VOTES
•
SIGNERS .TO THE AGREEMENT
SAID TO BE NUMEROUS.
Petition for a Special Session Is Not
Embodied in the Fledge
Now in Circula
tion. ¦
A. caucus agreement to., govern Repub
lican members of the Legislature in the
event of an extra session was published
in The Call yesterday. The advocates of
the . caucus are not petitioning for- an
extra session, but arc simply signing a
pledge to follow a certain course in the
event of a special session.
¦ Many Republicans, fearing that a ma
jority of . sixty r one might in caucus be
permitted to name the party candidate
for Senator, suggested that the language
of the agreement should be changed,
hence the pledge was amended to read as
follows:
"We further agree to support and
vote for in the respective houses and
in joint assembly the candidate who
may be selected by such caucus so
constituted, but no candidate shall
be declared or considered the caucus
nominee, nor shall any signer of this
agreement be bound to vote in either
house, or in joint assembly, for any
candidate as the caucus nominee, ex
cept such candidate shallhave first
secured • not less than forty-three
votes in such cases.
It Is known that several members of the
Legislature have signed the agreement.
Information comes to The Call from the
framers of the pledge that no member to
whom it has been presented for signature
has refused to sign.
At the regular session of the Legislature
fifty-five Republican members resolutely
opposed the election of D. 11. Burns. It is
believed that these legislators, represent
ing anti-boss sentiments, can be organ
ized for effective work in the direction of
caucus control. Leading Republicans who
predicted the success of Burns at the be
ginning of the Senatorial contest are now
confident that he cannot succeed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
residents of the Hotel Nymphla will find
themselves In a bad state at the cbnclu
sion of the trial should the bouse be
proved to be one of 111 fame.
Among those who made such affidavits
were several merchants, and the police
will arrest them as vagrants on a statute
which provides that any person residing In
a house of ill fame is liable to imprison
ment.
The inmates of the Hotel Nymphla again
appeared in Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday and the case of Lillian Dale, the
keeper, was selected for trial. Her case
was continued till Monday, when a de
murrer to the complaint will be argued. In
Judge Fritz's court the seven inmates
arrested during the last raid appeared and
the case of Minnie McLausrhlin was select
ed for trial after several objections by
her attorney had been overruled. The
case was continued till next Friday, to be
set for trial by jury.
TO AMERICANIZE CHINESE
Heathen Children Will Receive
Modern Educations.
An important feature of a recent meet
ing of the Chinese Merchants' Association
was the introduction of a resolution to
Americanize the Chinese youths now re
siding in the United States, and particu
larly San Francisco.
At present it is claimed by the mer
chants that comparatively few of the Chi
nese now residing in this city are ac
quainted with the American language,
much less American law. and that thus
far there seems to be a disposition on the
part of Chinamen to oblige their children
to walk in "trodden paths." while they
themselves show no desire to become in
formed upon American customs other
than those which affect them pecuniarily.
Now the merchants propose to encour
age the instructing of all Chinese children
in the English language and also their at
tendance at schools in the United States
instead of in China. An attempt will be
made to better their social condition and
to make them law-abiding citizens. The
existence of highbinder tongs and all that
is lawless will be discouraged and a re
gard for human life will be one of the
first principles the merchants expect to
instill in thHr hearts. A drill corpe will
be organized and the young cadets will be
trained by Wong Fook, a prominent mer
chant at the corner of Jackson and Du
pont streets.
Chinese Released.
Gee Ly, a restaurant proprietor at Sl6
Washington street, and Hong Gong Chow,
who were arrested Friday night by Ser
geant Duke, were released from custody
yesterday. Attorney Newburgh, on be
ing refused permission to see Gee Ly, ap
plied for a writ of habeas corpus before
Judge Cook, but before it was issued he
received notification. from the police that
his client had been released.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL., SUJNDAX, JAKUARY 21, 1900.
Trapptr'a Oil enrei rheumatism A neuralgia.
Dram**, COo fluk. Richard* it Co. 40» Clay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WITH SHAMPOOS OF
And light dressings of CUTICURA, purest of emollient skin cures.
This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes Irritated, Itching surfaces, stimulates the hair folli-
cles, supplies the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else falls.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
Ooniletin;? of Crnctnu. Boap(2Sc.). to cleanse the ekin of crnsU and
JL • -»,«*» «cal*« mwJ «oft«D the thick*D«l cuticle; Ccticuba OrjfTxrirr (60c),
fill ill* II ¦ il tolnetantly alloy iteblnz. inflammation, and irritation, and soothe and
Si SJI & feW I*l tl fcf*l ; tai CrncniA Resolttut (&oc.). to cool and clean»e the blood.
V3r ABiksle Brtli often tnfflclent to onre the moet torturing, dUJtanrtog,
TIIC CCT Cl Ok and htunlHatlng ekin, §c*]p, and blood humors, \rith los» of hair, when
IHL OLIi V 1 .13 etielMfaila. Poma Dboo AKo Ccik. Ookp., Solo Propi; Boetoa.
• AU Atxmt the Stto, BcaJp. »ad EWr,* tno,
Office Furniture.
Four - foot Antique <J* _ _ -^
Roller-top Desk. . *Pls»tJtj
Large Variety of RevoMng Book-
Cases and Office Chairs.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/017-1023 MISBtOn STREET \
flbov« Slxtb.
Am Couth It. 0?»a ET?ola jj,
B-nd for New Illustrated Catalog. !
Aseptic
Eye-Glasses
Ask your doctor hew Important they are.
New Clio makes them so. and it <Son"t illj.
tilt or waver.
Oculists' prescrlDtions filled. Quick repair-
ln«. Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS
.. *WDW* SCIEMTIFIC \
642 Market st. instruments
'<*\n* CkoaiCl: BuuDihu
Come Just to See.
Big Premiums Given Free.
Great American Importina Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores*
COKE! COKE!
22I BELIEVE in dancing and a long list of other things that are
tabooed by church-goers when indulged in by ministers. If a man
needs a drink he has the right to take it. When I meet a man on
the street I like to slap him on the back and say "Hello there, Bill,"
in a good hearty voice. I believe in God and Christianity, but tha
church is burdened with false ideas and full of sinful hypocrites,
and some of my friends who might b© called "lushers" are infinitely
better than these frauds of piety. — These are the startling reasons
given by the Rev. James C. Maclnnes. for many years pastor of a Con
gregational church in Oakland, and one of the organizers of the Chris
tian Endea%or work in this county, for resigning from his church and
going out of the ministry.
To the trustees of his church he said: "The ministry Is no place
for a young man who wants his personal liberty. H© must use too
much hypocrisy and overlook too much hypocrisy In others."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Jan. 20.
THE Rev. James C. Maclnnes, one
of the best-known young divines
In Alameda County, has renounced
the ministry under the most start
ling circumstances. He was con-
sidered a most promising young minister,
who had consecrated his life to the cause
of religion, and now that he has thrown
up his charge in the most summary man
ner his acquaintances are thunderstruck.
For two years he was pastor of Oak
Leaf Congregational Chapel, in the aris
tocratic part of this city, and was prob
ably the most prominent Christian En
deavor worker In Oakland. The perfect
organization of that society In Alameda
County Is largely due to his efforts.
After being connected with the Oak
Leaf Chapel for two years the youns
minister accepted a ca"ll to the Congre
gational church at Benicia. He was very
successful there and was pastor of that
church for sixteen months. Last week he
told his congregation that he would leave
the ministry lorever on the following
Sunday. People did not know what to
make of it, and conjectures Sew from
the mouths of everybody. When ac
quaintances asked for an explanation it
was not forthcoming.
Rev. Mr. Maclnnes went before the trus
tees of his church and presented his res
ignation. In doing so no made the fol
lowing statement:
"A man must be a hypocrite and over
look hypocrisy In others to remain in the
ministry and be successful. Besides, I
consider myself better equipped for a
business than for a religious career."
The story of his - sudden change flew
from mouth to mouth among those who
knew him, and to say that it created a
sensation Is to put It very mildly. Then
the story of his life became known — how
he sacrificed a fortune to enter the min
istry — and this is the story of his reasons
for leaving the church and the story of
his life as told by Rev. Mr. Maclnnes
himself:
"I believe In dancing," he said, "and a
long list of other things that are tabooed
by churchgoers when indulged in by min
isters. If a man thinks he needs a drink
he has a right to go and take it. In fact.
I am "a hale fellow well met,' as the say
ing goes, and when I meet a friend on the
street who is a good fellow himself I like
to slap him on the back and say 'Hello,
there. Bill!' in a good, hearty voice. All
this is looked upon as wrong by every
body when it is done by a' clergyman, and
I am sick of the whole thing.
"The church is burdened with false
ideas. The members of the congregation
want their pastor to be solemn visaged
and dignified always. This compels a
minister to oftentimes assume a false
dignity. Clergymen are human and have
the same feelings as other people. Their
tastes are the same, but they are prevent
ed from indulging them because if they
did so it would cause their dearly beloved
parishioners to hold ud their hands In
horror. A short time ago I went to a
dance given for young Fred Reuger, a
friend of mine, who was going away, and
the matter kicked up a terrible row. For
a long time before that I had been think
ing seriously of leaving the ministry, and
that event brought me to a decision.
"Of course I believe in God and In
Christianity, but I do not believe In many
professed Christians who pray several
times a day. The church la full of sin
ful- hypocrites, and some of my friends
who might be what people commonly
term 'lushers' are Infinitely better than
these frauds of piety.
"In leaving the ministry I do so with
dear into the balance. They have
much to lose and much to gain in the
good or evil opinion of the people of
San Francisco. By the fortune of
political success they have been
chosen to decide whether the people
of this city are to be the victims of
plunderers and the vicious or
whether justice and protection shall
be given and municipal purity shall
reign. Is it possible that the Com
missioners can mistake the road to
which the finger of public duty is
pointing ?
THE INVESTIGATION
Before the
POLICE COMMISSION
THE investigation of the charges
against Frederick L. Esola was
completed last ni?ht by the Police
Commissioners, who reserved their
decision until they had thorough!y
weighed the testimony brought out at the
Inquiry.
If any proof were lacking to snbstan
tlate the charges that Mayor Phelan had
entered into a despicable plot to deliver
the Police Department into the handu of
the blacklegs and criminals of the city it
was supplied yesterday by the evidence
brought out at the investigation. It was
forced from the lips of the man who la
accused of a desire to control the police
for the purpose of levying blackmail
upon all who desire to engage In unlaw
ful undertakings within the precincts of
the city.
There was testimony to the effect that
Mayor Phelan had arranged a meeting of
the new Police Commissioners at his of
fice In the City Hall on the Sunday fol
lowing their appointment for the purpose
of consummating his pre-election deal with
Andrew M. Lawrence to place him In
control of that branch of the city govern
ment which has to do with enforcing the
law and keeping the peace, the appoint
ment of Esola as Chief being part of the
bargain.
By the admissions of Lawrence It was
shown that Phelan had notified him of the
meeting and that he had taken Esola
there with Instructions to remain In the
ante-room until he was wanted. Esola
was questioned on the same subject mat
ter before the confession was forced from
Lawrence. He was taken by surprise and
this man who aspires to be Chief of , Po
lice of San Francisco could not remember
what had occurred but a couple of weeks
previously.
The facts were hinted at during the ex
amination of Esola by Attorney McGow
an, but the witness gave no direct an
swers. He took refuge behind the flimsy
subterfuge of a convenient loss of mem
ory. It was not until Lawrence was
called to the stand that the truth came
out. He brazenly acknowledged all alle
gations suggested by the drift of. the in
quiry.
During- the ' Investigation .« lt was also
brought out that Mayor Phelan had been
false to one "of his 'most ardent support
ers during the last campaign, had grossly
rjnl-fi ' W*«* m mtr i m<o V~ "hit mM. m^, —¦ »^ tit rttft
CHURCH IS FULL OF
HYPOCRITES AND FRAUDS
Why Rev, James C. Maclnnes
¦ Has Left the Ministry,
He Believes in Dancing, and Says a Min
ister Must Dissimulate and Overlook
Dissimulation.
had abused the trust Imposed in him by
a friend.
When the Commissioners resumed the
Investigation yesterday, afternoon a num.
ber of unimportant witnesses were ex
amined before the sensational features of
the inquiry began to pop. Esola was re
called, and after a number of questions
tending to show his lack of educational
qualification, all of which were barred
out by Commissioner Thomas as spokes
man for the board. Attorney. McGowan
surprised the witness with the query
which follows:
"Were you present- at any meeting of
the Commissioners other than those for
the purpose of this Investigation?"
The ambitious lieutenant of police was
startled. He was perceptibly pained and
embarrassed by the trend the inquiry
threatened to take. He gazed appeallngly
at his attorney. Garret McEnerney, ana
his backer, Lawrence. He searched in
vain for an answer In the perplexed look
In their faces until finally, in a manner
that bristled with evidence of bluff, his
lawyer advised him to go on and tell all
he knew. It was then that Esola sneak
ed behind the excuse that his memory
failed him, and he saved himself from
telling things that he knew would throw
light on the nature of the plot to make
him Chief of Police.
This man who aspires to become the
head of one of the most important
branches of the city government could
not remember having attended a secret
meeting of the Commissioners, held
scarcely two weeks before. He claimed
that he was so "badly bothered and mixed
up" that he could not think, but his wits
told him, nevertheless, that a truthful an
swer would be fraught with danger to his
aspirations.
Mr. Lawrence was called later and evi
dently prompted by the apparent famil
iarity of the prosecution with the circum
stances, unfolded the details of the whole
shameful transaction. According to hts
testimony the meeting was . held at the
Mayor's office, Sunday. January 11. with
in twenty-four hours after the new Com
missioners had been named.
"I just happened to drop in," said Law
rence, in explanation of how it happened
that he was present at the meeting. The
words had scarcely left his lips when he
was forced Into a corner by a searching
examination and compelled to admit that
his presence at the meeting was not a.
matter, of accident, but that Phelan had
apprised him of what was coming off and
had advised him that it was a golden op
portunity to get in . some good work for
Esola.
"It was not a regular meeting of the
commission,", continued Lawrence. '.'The
members had .simply gathered to pay their
respects to the Mayor."" b~-~/r
Phelan knew that the "respects" were
coming, for he lost ¦ no time In posting
Lawrence. Continuing, the witness said:
"I took Esola there and told him to wait
on the outside, and that if I wanted him
I would call him. I went to the meeting
for the purposo of promoting Esola's can
didacy and at the invitation of the Mayor.
I Introduced Esola to the Commissioners,
told them that he was my candidate and
that I hoped they would select him."
The Commissioners themselves did not
display any great joy at the position In
which they were placed by. the. admissions
of Lawrence, and their relief was notice
able when the probing process was discon
tinued.
A stenographic report of Lawrence's
testimony follows:
McGowan— Mr. Lawrence, did you
ever attend; a meeting of this com
mission other than those they, held
for the purpose of investigating these
charges ? " ' . ' ¦. '_-¦? .
AFTER a period of Inaction the suicidal cycle wave
struck the Morgue yesterday and kept the new
young deputies and the superannuated horses busy.
The Immediate cause of two of the deaths was
suicidal frenzy brought about by excessive indul
gence in alcoholic drinks.
The first case was that of Jacob Schutten, a baker,
who lived with his family In the rear of his bakery at 1834
Lyon street. Schutten had been confined to his bed since
last Tuesday evening with a high fever, and on Friday
became delirious. At 4 o'clock yesterday morning, while
the other inmates of the house, worn with watching, were
In a deep sleep, Schutten arose from his bed and, utter
ing a wild yell, jumped through a window In the tack
part of the house. The window overlooked a roof In
which was a skylight, and through the skylight the un
fortunate man plunged to his death.
Medical aid was at once summoned, hut in vain, for
Schutten died in a few minutes from loss of blood. The
body was taken to the Morgue and afterward to an un
dertaker's parlors. Schutten was 35 years old and a na
tive of Germany. He left a widow and three small chil
dren.
William Hollingworth, a miner from Alaska, ended his
life yesterday morning by swallowing a quantity of cya
r.:de of potassium in his room in the New Western Ho
teL . For the past three or four years Hollingworth had
been In the habit of coming down from Alaska and spend
ing the winter in this city. He had ,heep on a, spree for
several days, and was so drunk half* an hour- after mid
night yesterday morning that he fell In the hallway of'
the hotel and cut his face against the corner of a sew
ing machine. Night Clerk Joseph Evers took him up*
stairs to his room and put him into bed. When the bed
maker came around at 10:45 in the morning and received
no answer to his summons, he gave the alarm and the
door was forced open.
Hollingworth was lying in bed dead, and on a chair
PRUSSIC ACID, A ROPE AND A JUMP
ENDED THE LIVES OF THREE MEN
THE SHAMEFUL STORY
OF THE MAYOR'S PLOT
Startling Revelations at the In
vestigation of Esola.
Phelan Sought to Honor His Bond Within
Twelve Hours After His Appoint
ments—lnquiry Closed.
7 % HE investigation of the charges preferred against Police
Lieutenant Frederick L. Esola, alias Frederick Harrington,
who relies upon his affiliation with political hucksters and
criminals in high places to elevate him to dangerous and un
merited power, took a remarkable turn yesterday. The man zvho is
now on trial is not the presumptuous lieutenant, but the chief execu
tive of this city, Mayor Phelan, ighosc personal honor and official life
should be above reproach. The ambition of a newspaper man's body
servant has become an issue of minor importance in the investigation.
It is the Mayor who is now not only accused but convicted of malfeas
ance in efnee, of consorting and conspiring in the cheap arena of petty
politics to barter away control of the great institutions of this city.
It is Mayor Phelan zvho is being dragged through the political
mire of his own choosing. It is lie at whom the finger of public scorn
is pointing. It is he who is now cringing, zvhipped in humiliation at
the expose of his duplicity, of his contempt of the lazvs that honorable
men respect, of his violation of promises, of his guilty, ante-election
compact to make of the Police Department of this city a gigantic po
litical machine and a menacing engine of ill-gotten gain for gam
blers, ponderers and thicz'cs.
LASHED INTO THE NAKEDNESS OF
A DISHONORED TRUST.
The investigation before the Police Commissioners rci'caled
yesterday that Mayor Phelan has stooped to the dishonorable act of
betraying a private confidence; that he is party to the contemptible
practices of a clique of unscrupulous schemers who have made out of
the sacred relationship of motherhood a commodity with which to buy
and sell sympathetic votes. The inquiry has lashed the Ma\6r into
the nakedness of a dishonored trust, exposing him to the odium of
men who believe that public officers should be above purchase and be-
In the testimony of A. M. Lawrence, given yesterday, it teas
shown that Mayor Phelan, within twelve hours after his announce
ment of the Police Commission, summoned Lawrence and Esola to
his office to meet with the Commissioners and discuss with them the
compact to make Esola Chief of Police. That meeting zvas held and
Esola was introduced by Lawreiue as "my candidate for Chief of
Police." He was not Mayor Phclcn's candidate, for his Honor had
sold his right to a candidate. He had been bought, and he had to
pay ihe price.
There in his office on the afternoon of Sunday, January 7, zvhen
efneial business was suspended, zvhen the Police Commission had
not even organized, the guilty Mayor zi'as ready to honor his con
temptible bond. He was eager to meet the shafts of contempt and see
the sneers of decent men that quickly he might fulfill the criminal con
tract which places him in- the category of recreant officials zvho arc in
spired by nothing but an unworthy ambition, corruptly satisfied.
The inquiry has reached this serious magnitude. It has proved
in the sworn testimony of the conspirators themselves that the Police
Commissioners were named by Mayor Phelan without thought of or
consideration for public policy; that they were chosen by the Mayor
solely to consummate a felonious compact made to secure newspaper
influence; that they were summoned by the Mayor in greedy haste
to meet the man tliey were pledged to make Chief of Police.
THE SUCCESS OF THE PLOT WOULD
BE A CRIME.
This is now the issue of tl%e inquiry, and if the Commissioners
are net satisfied with the evidence produced let them induce Mayor
Phelan to sue The Call for libel, and this paper will supply other
proofs. Let the Commissioners prevail upon his Honor to take the
step that an honest man, stung by injustice, would need no urging to
take. Let the Commissioners beg the Mayor to defend his name, and
The Call will furnish facts that will warrant impeachment.
As for Esola, it is difficult to understand how he can still be an
object for serious consideration in connection with the position
which his friends have bought for him from Mayor Phelan and in
which he is to be a complaisant, conniving figurehead, winking at
crime and official corruption. His own testimony convicts him of ig
norance and inexperience and gross neglect in the performance of
duty. He has saddled himself with an alias, has been dismissed
from one post of responsibility, has beat pushed forward to others
because of the crooked deals his sponsor has made with Dan Burns,
the personification of disease in politics, and with these recommenda
tions h} demands that some of the most vital interests of this city be
placed in his hands. The idea is preposterous; the accomplishment
of the plot would be a crime against the people of San Francisco.
ESOLA'S CUNNING SERVED BET
TER THAN HIS MEMORY.
When Esola zvas on the stand he was asked to relate some of the
incidents of the conference held in Mayor Phelan' s office on January
/. The witness could not remember. His memory could not serve
him faithfully for two weeks. He knew better than others the con
sequences of telling the truth. His cunning served him better than
his memory, and will it not serve him as well when in the perform
ance of a sacred public duty he must choose betzecen temptation and
justice, between the invidious attacks of blacklegs, moral filth pan
derers and thirjes and the property and lives of honest citizens?
It is a public outrage to consider his zvorsc than presumptuous
claims. Rather than seeking promotion he should be striving to pre
vent the fall of the official ax that will remove him from the position
in which he is already a menace. The Commissioners have now the
evidence before them. In accepting their trust they have placed
tiiansclvcs on trial. They have thrown their honor and all they hold
regret, because when I entered It I did
so with the Intention of making It my Ufa
work. Now my hopes are blasted. I see
that I made a mistake in not entering
some other field of labor when I was a
youth, full of energy and with everything
before me.
'"When I determined upon a career In
the church I sacrlriced a fortune. Incurred
the unrelenting hatred of my father and
have misapplied the ten best years of my
life. My rather was a wealthy manufac
turer of Philadelphia, and beside th*
deathbed of my mother I was induced by
misguided friends to determine upon tha
ministry as my vocation.
"When I told my father of my deter
mination he became furious. I was ob
durate, and although I was but 14 years
of age at the time he ordered mo from tha
house. Until he died, several years ago.
he never recognized me again. I went
forth Into the world a homeless boy and
by dint of hard work and much saving I
managed to get together enough money
to enable me to take a course at Amherst
College, In Massachusetts. Then I went
through the Theological Seminary of Chi
cago, graduating from there In 1534. After
that I came to California, and after a
special course of several months at tha
Pacific Theological Seminary I was or
dained a minister and took charge of Oak
Leaf Chapel.
"I stayed there a coupleof years and thfn
accepted a call from the Congregational
Church at Benicia. There I stayed until a
week ago. when I decided that the minis
try was not the place for a man who
could not hide his identity under a clonk
of false dignity. I have many friends In
the churches of Oakland and Benicia, and
I leave them with regret. The only par.g
that my severance from the ministry
gives me. however, comes from the fact
that I delayed it so long.
"I shall now enter upon a business ca
reer and a life of personal liberty. My
endeavor shall be to be a Christian.busi
ness man. By embarking in a mercantile
life and doing unto' others as I woiilil
have them do unto me. I think I can do
more good than by remaining in tha pul
pit.
"Several people have started the rumor
that I was induced to take my presort
course by a young lady . to whom I am
engaged. Such Is not. the case. I am be
trothed to no woman, and am actuated
by what I consider the best possible mo
tives. I cannot countenance hypocrisy in
myself or in anybody else. The church is
filled with hypocrisy, and a minister it
compelled to overlook it; for that reason
I have become a layman.
"Vale,, hypocrisy! I can now walk down
the street with my hat on the back of my
head, my hands In my pockets, and when
I meet a genial friend I can say, 'Hello,
there, old man. how goes it?' without hav
ing people stare at me In astonishment.
I nave been rebuked by the looks of
churchgoers, who think a minister should
not act like other men, too long. Now
that I am free I feel as happy as a boy
going fishing. I have already made ar
rangements to embark in business in Chi
cago, and shall leave for that city next
Wednesday."
The ex-minister of the gospel evidenced
his appreciation of freedom by his ac
tions. While going down the street ha
acted like a politician looking for votes.
His hat was tilted backward, his thumb*
were ensconced in the armholes of hi*
vest, and acquaintances among young
fellows were greeted with a heartiness
that was rugged and genuine. Notwith
standing his departure from the ministry.
Mr. Maclnnes retains a host of warm
friends, who considered hlia justified in
pursuing the course he has taken.
To-day he bade good-by to his friends
In Benicia. He will stop at the residence
of Colonel W. S. Little at 3621 Broadway,
this city, until he takes his departure for
the East next week.
Lawrence — There was never a meet
ing of this commission.
- McGowan — How do you know there
was notP
Lawrence — Not when I was present.
McGowan — Well, of the four mem
bers P
Lawrence — You want to know what
the real thing is, don't youP
McGowan — I do.
Lawrence — The members of this
commission called to nay a visit to
Mr. Phelan and I dropped in there.
McGowan — Was Mr. Esola thereP
Lawrence— He came in later.
McGowan — How did you know there
was to be a meetingp
Lawrence — I was informed. In
formed by the Mayor.
McGowan — You were informed that
there was a meeting of that commis
sion and you came outP
Lawrence — Yes.
McGowan— And did you inform Mr.
EsolaP
Lawrence — Yes.
McGowan— And to that extent it
was preconcerted that such a meet
ing was to be held?
Lawrence — Yes.
McGowan — And for that reason you
took Mr. Esola out there P ,
Lawrence— Yes, sir, he was in the
room for only about ten minutes.
McGowan — Where was he the rest
of the timeP ;. : '
Lawrence — He was in the City Hall.
McGowan — And was this meeting
arranged P
Lawrence — There was no meeting,
Mr. McGowan, and don't you try to
put those words into my mouth.
McGowan — I am trying to put no
words in anybody's mouth, and I
don't intend to be intimidated.
Commissioner Thomas — You need
no protection, Mr. McGowan, and I
want no scenes of this character. I
call Mr. Lawrence to order (McGowan
starts to interrupt the chairman,
when Thomas continued), and I now
call you to order. Mr. Lawrence's re
mark \ was improper and so was
yours.
McGowan — I don't know what it
was. Then — addressing Lawrence —
you admit that you . informed Mr.
Esola that these Commissioners wera
to meet in Mayor Phelan's office?
Lawrence — I do not. I went down
town and I said to Esola, /'Come up
near the Mayor's office, and if I need
you I will send for you."
McGowan— And why did you do
this for Mr. EsolaP
Lawrence—^-1 wanted the Commis
sioners to see Mr. Esola and judge
of his qualifications.
McGowan— Did you do this with
the intention of. promoting his
chances for the office of Chief of Po
liceP
Lawrence— l suppose so.
.McGowan — Why did you not choose
REV. JAMES C. MacIN'NES, WHO HAS STARTLED HIS
CHURCH BY HIS OUTSPOKENNESS.
Continued on Page Twenty-Five.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
£ ?????????????????? + ??+:*
| Pages 23 to 32 j
I Pages 23 to 32 !
? .???????????????????????
near the bed was a quantity of cyanide of potassium g
wrapped in paper and a tumbler which had contained
water standing beside It. The deceased was a native of (
New York, 35 years old. An inquest will be held in the
case. • |
The third suicide was Albert Falen, a painter about 40
years old, who resided at 395 Ninth street. Falen was un- I
married and had been living with his agrd mother In a
three-room tlat at the address given until six weeks ago, <
when his mother died. Her son, who had a great affec
tion for his mother, became inconsolable because of her I
death ana took to drink Immediately after the funeral,
and kept on a spree up to the time he took his life last i
Friday night. On that evening Ellen Bohn, a young girl,
and her mother, residing on Van Ness avenue, paid a '
visit to Falen and noticed nothing unusual In his appear
ance and manner, except that he was somewhat nervous
from the effect of his dissipation. At 9 o'clock yester
day morning the girl called at the flat >mn a basket of "
cooked food for Falen, and not receiving an answer to (
her summons, went on the back porch and peeped through
a window. She vias horrified on beholding the painter's ,
dead body hanging from the transom.
Falen had opened the transom over the door leading i
from the kitchen into the dining room and, standing on a
chair, tied one end of a piece of clothesline around the <
transom and the other end of the line around his neck.
Then he kicked the chair away and deliberately strangled j
himself, for when Morgue Messenger Flanlgan arrived
¦the-Jcne^s of the-'t3ead man were only a few inches above I
the level of the floor. • •
A note scribbled in pencil by the deceased was found <
on the table. It read as follows:
January 19, 1900. t
Mrs. Martin: What effects that belonc to me they are yours
for kindness to mother. <
The note was unsigned, but was In the handwriting
of the dead man. Mrs. Mary Martin was his landlady. IMonticello Club Smoker.
The Montlccllo Club, an organization of
prominent; Democrats, inaugurated the
new year by giving a delightful smoker
in Cabrillo Hall, Native Sons' building,
last evening.' An excellent musical pro
gramme was rendered and the following
short addresses w.-re made:
"Duty of the Intelligent Citizen In Poll
tics," Jefferson Y. Chandler: "Why Amer
icana Sympathize With the Boers'" Judge
Rnbcrt Ferral; "Municipal Taxation
Without Charts." Dr. Washington Dodge
recitation. Joseph M. Cumrning; "How
to Raise the Standard In Public
Life," Gavin McNab; "Objects of
Monticello Club," Sidney M. Van Wyck"
"The Prospects of the New and Greater
San Francisco," Mayor James D. Phelan
"The Chicago Platform— ls It a Reminis
cence or Shall It Form the Groundwork
of >the Next Official Declaration of the
National Party Faith?" Seth Mann; "The
Need of Compact Organization in Poli
tics," Max Popper.
William P. Lawlor presided. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
leFfre[tTST
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to AH Who Write. j
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being m.iiled to sll who
will write the State Medical Institute! '
They cured fo many men who had bat- I
tied for years against the mental ard '•
physical f-uffcring of lost manhood that
the Insmute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write It
Is a homo ueatnttnt, ami all men 'who
tuffer With nny form of *cxual wcakne-s
resulting from youthful folly. prr-inaM-re
lcrs of strength and memory, weak back
varlcocelo or «*m.iointion ot parts can now
cure thtmt=elv-» at home.
The remedy iias n peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth aim serins to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
*nd development jurt where It Is needed
Jt cures all the 111* and troubles that '
corre fror.i years of misuse of tho p.-t- j
ural function-, and has been an absolute ¦
success In aU cases. A renuest to .he
State Mf-^ca! Institute. 328 Elektron
building. Fort Wayr.e. Ind.. stating "ia.t
you d»»Fire unc of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly The
Institute is desirous of reaching tii\i
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the :re*
cample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Th»
Institute make* no restrictions. Any man
who writes will bo sent a free sample.
carefuly sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear ot
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar«
requested to write without delay.
o ? ? ? «-o*o<
£••¦¦'"
Strictly Rcliabc.
Dr.Talcott& Co.
Ppact?cc Confined to
Men Only.
Varicoccic cured in one w>ck
at ofricc. or four wceKs* home
trcatroent. Stricture cured by
painless electricity. Discharaes
cured by the irrigation n^thod
All forms of wcaKnsss a spe .
cialty.
Correspondence Invited.
W7 Shrket Street, Corner Sixth.
London has twenty-five daily papers
Paris, fifty-six and Berlin twenty-six.
Cattle are prevented from tearing down
fences by the use of a new yoke which
coexists of a ring thr..ii S h tho nose at-
tached to tho lower end of v rod run'nin*
up abovo thy top o f tno head, where i'
is securer! with a strap ar.<l ha* tw>
pronp to catch tho yoke when the ani-
BLUE AND GOLD READMITTED
California Back in the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— The advisory
committee of the Intercollegiate Asso
ciation of Amateur Athletes of America
met here to-day and decided to readmit
the University of California to the as
sociation at the next annual meeting
which will be held the last Saturday In
February.
New York Gets the Regatta.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.-At the annual
meeting of the executive committee of
the National Association of Amateur
Oarsmen here to-night it was decided that
the next regatta be rowed in this cit>
The winners in this regatta will be sent
to Paris to compete in the regatta at th*
Exposition. The races will take place on
the Harlem River, along the Speedway
The crews that will be sent to Paris will
consist of one senior single scull, one four
and one eight.
New York's Bicycle Show,
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.-The fifth annual
cycle show was opened in Madison
Square Garden to-night. In the number
and comprehensiveness of exhibits it
easily excels its predecessors. Tho "»"
spaces are occupier by IC7 individual ex
hibitor*, not a single space being left tin
taken New York exhibitors display motor
vehicles of the latest and most approved
pattern.
In an improver] food bex for animals a
FmalJ trcugh Is pivoted at tho rear of tho
marjrrr with a narrow, round hopper de
pending from tho crilir.g overhead to lit
ovor a conp-hhaped projection in the bot
tom of the box. a weighted lever clo^in"
th* rone over the hopper outlet untilthe
unimal presses ilie box down.
COURT NOTES.
Hcr.ry Smith, alias Butler, the colored
Ftablcman arrested Friday for cruelty to
animals at Ingleside and battery upon
Policeman King, was yesterday convicted
on both charges by Judge Mogan and or
dered to appear for sentence to-morrow.
T. B. Siblpy, street contractor, charged
with battery upon Groverßuddick. a mfs-
J'f-nger boy. was convicted by Judge Mo
*ran yesterday, who characterized his con
duct as brutal, and ordered him to appear
lur sentence to-morrow.
Judge Bahrs yesterday issued an injunc
tion restraining the Crorker-Wool worth
National Bank from disposing of six Cos
mos Club bonds, vnluod at more than $300
which John H. Miller alleges to be hi 3
private property. Miller Fays that he cave
the bonds to William Doxejr; the book
dealer, that he might negotiate them for
a loan cf $ir/j. Doxey negotiated them, he
says, to the bank, and on his failure
Millrr sought to recov.-i them by paying
the face of the note with interest", but* the
bank refused to surrender them. The in
junction was issued pending the litigation
:o determine who is entitled to their nos
pr«Fion.
An anrwpr and cross-complaint was
fiird yesterday by M. M. Estee to the
<-omplaim of the Farmers' and Mechanics'
Bank of Savings to foreclose a mortgage
on his farm in Napa County. Mr. Estee
avers that the bar.k has realized more out
cf the products of the farm than he bor
rowed, and h* asks for an accounting and
settlement.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Three of the Prominent Parlors Haver
Their Officers Placed in the Sta
tions for the Term.
The Installation of the officers of Daxir.x
Parlor cf the Native Daughters of tho
Golden West In Franklin Hall on Flllmora
street was preceded by the admission, by
Initiation of Freda Gerlchter. Charlotta
Gerichter, Susan J. M. Stadlegger, K. K.
F. Steffen and Mollie Elizabeth Bray. Thi*
new officers for the current term: Mrs.
Minnie Kalloch. past president; Jessla
Creighton. president; Emma Ralph. Gene-
vleve Carroll -end Lela Zeigler, vice presi
dents; Lucle E. Hammersmith, recordlrff
secretary: Anna Bailey, financial secre
tary; Kathryn McGough. marshal; Mar
garet Ring, inside, and Elizabeth Clark,
outside sentinel; Emma L. Marks, Lil
lian Hamilton and Fanny Edwards, trus
tees, were then installed by Mrs. John A*
Steinbach. D. D. G. P., In a very Impres
sive manner, being assisted by Mary Rich-*
ter as past grand president. Mrs. A. Mock
er as grand marshal and Miss Mabel Mil
ler as grand secretary. After th© cere
meny there was the presentation of art
elegant chocolate set to tho retiring: pres
ident, a silver-backed dressing set to Mrs.
Steinbach. the installing officer, who has
been an enthusiastic worker for tho parlor"
of beautiful girls of the Western Addi
tion, and a bunch of delicate shade plnkj
to Mrs. Hammersmith, the recording sec
retary. This was followed by a collation
at which the new president presided and
called for responses to toasts from M:si
Lizzie Douglass, past grand treasurer.
Andrew Mocker, district deputy grand
president of the Native Sons: Miss Ajinia
i Worth and Mrs. Lucia Xeubarth of Buena
Vista Parlor, "the friend of the Native
Daughters," and others. Durir.sr the re
past Miss Daisy Fair* hikl. on*> of the new
I members, who is a clever Imitator of up
1 to-date singtrs, favored with a number <jf
ccon songs.
District Deputy Mrs. Steinbach also In
stalled the officers of La Estrella Parlor
for the current term. She was assisted
in the ceremony by Miss Laura Utscnlg
as marshal. Mrs. Aig<»itinspr as past
I grand president and Mrs. Bordner as
grand secretary- The new officers are:
Mrs. L. Oltman. past president; Miss Julia
Vasselin, president; Mrs. E. Thierbaeh.
Dr. Lillle Bolderr.unn and Miss Minnie
Klcvershal. vice presidents: Mrs. M.
Boldermann. treasurer; Miss Alice Maun
aer. recording, and Mira Alice BokUr
maun, financial secretary; Miss Antoin
ette Penella. marshal: Miss He?<?ri Bello.
inside, and Miss Guisie Btllo, outside sen
tinel; Mrs. Harrlette Hall. Mrs. Ar.na
Darnell and M;ss Marie Johnson; tnw
tees. The retiring president was m ide the
recipient of an elegant gold watch chain, ,
with a slide on which there is an emblem
of the parlor. After the installation there
was an interesting programmn of enter
tainment, a collation and danc'ng. Dur
ing the evening the installing officer was
presented a handsome corbeill? of flowprs.
Calaveras Parlor, surnamed "the beauty
parlor of San Francisco." had the follow
ing named installed as its officers for th«
current term by Mrs. Genevieve Baker of
Buena Vista Parlor. D. D. G. P.. assisted
by Mrs. G. Foley as grand marshal. Mrs.
E. XV. French a.s grand past president and
Miss Rosa Day as grand secretary. The
officers who were installed are: Miss
Martha McFarland. past president: Lfz
zie Wrede. president: Lucy Frank. Agnes
McVerry and Mrs. L. Ryan, vice presi
dents;- Sophie Struss. recording, and Josie
Hartman. financial secretary; Nina Nel
son, marshal: Tillie Lcemann. inside, and
Mrs. J. F. Spellman. outside sentinel;
May Milhart. Lizzie Devera and Alice L»
Clerc. trustees. At the close of the cere
mony the parlor presented to Miss Mc-
Farland. the retiring president, a unique
breastpin in token of sincere love and ap
preciation of her untiring efforts on behalf
of the parlor. She In turn presented the
parlor a piece of her handiwork in the
form of an altar pillow on which to place
the Bible used in the ritualistic work. The
face of the pillow U a silk American flag.
The parlor also showed its appreciation
of the deputy's efforts by presenting her
a basket of choice roses. The ceremonies
were followed by a programme of music
songs and specialties and a collation.
GERMAN RED MEN.
They and Their Friends Enjoy a.
Masquerade Ball in Turner Hall.
The German Order of Red Men of th!*
city, generally known as the Independent
Order of Red Meo. gave its annual mas
querade ball last night in San -Francisco
Turner Hall on Turk street. Ths floor was
crowded with as many maskers as could
find room to stand, and as there were no
contests for prizes there was no unusual
effort on the part of the masqueraders to
make any display; but many of
the costumes worn were pretty and some
of them rich. More than 200 couples wert*
In the grand march, which was led by
Prince and Princess Carnival in eletjant
attire and represented by Reinholtz 9panr
and Mrs. Spahr. There were effects of
colored lights as the procession moved
and the animated scene was a pretty one.
These lights were also used during th«
dances. The participants all enjoyed
themselves and it was "on with • the
dance" until after midnight. The affair
was conducted under a special committee
of arrangements, of which Jacob Ru-
metsch way president. P. FI. Walt vlco
president. XV. Geistlich secretary and E
Fricke treasurer. Thf other members of
the committee were: XV. GrotzmHster P
Marschold. K. Rusne. H. Putzmann. ' C.
Klefer. H. Schrelber. Ben Moser, C StMii
and A. Mangemctz. em
WANT THE TRACK TORN UP.
Mission Improvement Clubs to Urge
the Supervisors to Action.
The Kedorated Improvement Clubs of
the Mission are determined to force the
Southern Pacilic Railroad Company to re-
move its tracki? through the Mission. At
a mecthip of this dub last night at Xuevo
Potrero Hall a committee, consisting of
Gnstve S'hii'-f, Joseph P. Tuohey. \V. J.
< "uihbertson, G. Center. \V. Watson. Chris
SUidrr. E. D. Morzan. E> J. Griffith and
D. 1. Wyatt, w.->s appointed to wait on the
Supervisors and remind them of the plank
In the platform providing that the com
pany would be pivrn two years In which
to construct the hay lino and at that time
remove the Mission tracks.
The dflopat^s from the West of Castro
Street Club spoke on the project of having
Kureka street grad«*d from Eighteenth to
Twenty-first for the purpose of affording
the residents of JCoe Valley a direct line
into Market street. A« a board of survey
Vrf<\ Kimbali. \V. J^verone and Thoma?
«"rouch were appointed to examine into
The most feasible plan for the proposed
trade.
The dpl*>prat<^ to the club from the vari
ous sub-clut?3 arc a? follows:
West of Ca?:ro Street Club— R. W. Anderson
B. W. Kinr.*. \V. J. Nixon.
Bunr.VFidi" Prr-pr»-!»sive Clvb — Gusta.ve Schnee
TV. A. Hicks. John Barrett.
Ocean View Property Owners' Club —A. F.
P.nberts, H. K. Griffith?
L.-k- .• .¦ C!ul^— J. \\\ Sharp, P. M. Clarkson
It. Heed.
Potrero and Mis?i>n Club— W. Watson, P.
Harrington. <;<- orge Center.
Eureka Valley avA G!en Park Club —D. I
Wyatt. C. Growler. M. Mibach.
I'r»-c2ta Valley Clvb — Harry Younp. J. B. Viz-
Eard.
Xufvo Potrro Club— F. Kimball, Jacob Booth,
Ant^n Krfiir.
Kali-mount and Gl*n Park Clvb — Chris Stader.
Joseph P. Tuohey. Thomas Crouch.
Holly rark «"!üb— Thomas O'Neill, R. W.
Fmlth. A. G. UUe.
Market-«re*>t an.l Kureka Valley Club— W. J
Cuthberwon, W. E. Ouboif. A. B. Morgan.
Executive Committee— Frederick Kimbal! R
W. Smith. Chri» Stader. \V. J. Nixon. \V. J.
Cuthbertson. William l^veron*-. P. Harrington
Guttave Schnee. D. I. Wyatt. Dr. E. W. Tor
rello.
Those, with tho oxooutive committee of
the federation, with the offioors elected at
the last meeting, constitute the club.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judce.
"COMMIS VOYAGEURS"
ON A SEA OF TROUBLE
A CROWD CAME ON "COMPS" AND
EXCITEMENT RESULTED.
It Was Soon Over, However, and an
Immense Throng Joined in the
Dance and Made Merry.
"What a time the "Commis Voyageurs"
had last night getting their $3 admission
invitation masquerade ball In full swing!
But after it got started everybody had a
good time. By 10 o'clock the big Pavilion
was jammed with people, but they didn't
pay $5 to get in. Early In the evening 1 the
proud bearers of complimentary tickets
began to arrive and were graciously ad
mitted, but shortly afterward were, in
formed by E. L. Knapp, the pilot of the
"Voyageurs," that hat checks could be
procured for 50 cents each.
This made the holders of the "comps"
angry and as they began to thin out C.
Leonhardt, who held ihe bar privilege,
began to object and friends broke his
"embrace" with Knapp. Then everybody
came In, to tho disgust of the youngsters
who were selling tickets on the street at
50 cents each.
Finally those who had paid for hat
checks got the tip that others had re
fused to pay for the care of their head
gear, and another argument resulted.
In the meantime a committee went to
tho City Hall, got six policemen, and af
fairs thereafter were merry, save for a
minute when the band got tired and de
manded an explanation. Tho explanation
waa forthcoming and the maskers mingled
in the mazes 01 the march.
The crowd was the largest seen in the
Pavilion for many months, and even
though the tickets were "comps," those
who received them, or at least the ma
jority, were people well known in'the bet
ter walks of life. That rowdyism common
In the old-time Pavilion dances was ab
sent, and a pleasant time was enjoyed by
nil. except the management. Good order
might have been maintained throughout
the evening had it not been for the par
simony of the managers. Under the new
charter promoters of such entertainments
are required to pay Into the police pen
sion fund $2 50 for each policeman em
ployed In preserving the peace. Hence
the trouble. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Saturday, January 20, 1900.— Forty-third day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine
Track fast.
COURSING— Beacon Picked to Win
RACING— Andes Wins the Live Oak
Midwinter Scents
AMATEURS— Preparing: for Big Meet
BILLIARDS — Tournament Entries
BEACON IS
FAVORITE AT
UNION PARK
The Curtis Greyhound Picked
to Win ths Big
Stake.
The run-down of the open stake and
of the eapling etake at Union Coursing
Park resulted in good sport. The dogs
were unusually well matched and the
strong hares took them all over the field.
It was essentially a favorite day. In the
sapling stake every favorite won, while
In the open stake the majority raised the
liag. The usual upset resulted over the
meeting- of Walt a Bit and Kock Island
Hoy. The latter was some four pounds
!i£iu, but was installed favorite at 7 to 1.
To the surprise of the spectators Wait a
Bit led up and won by a score of 4 to 0.
Silver Wirgs beat Commodore at 3 to 3;
Rusty Gold beat Victor King at 2 to 5;
Forget beat Sleety Mist at 1 to 3.
Beacon has been installed favorite for
tho stake with Royal Flush, Lady Clare,
Wild Trake, Bohe, Daisy Clair, Lucky
L)og. Beauty Spot and Royal Anne in de
mand In that order. Lucky Dog showed a
brilliant dash of speed in his course with
Florence N. Wild Tralee was unsighted
for a moment in his course with E.
Geary's Ireland and It seemed he would
lose. He had the better of the latter part
of a good working course and won. Mac's
Melody ran well, as did Bohe. The usual
difficulty was experienced in catching
Jessamy, it requiring twelve minutes be
fore she would permit herself to be cap
tured after her course. She was then
withdrawn and will not run to-day. The
results of the running in detail, with the
orlicial scores, follow:
Sapling stake— E. Wixon's Glad Ruffian beat
J. Gib^un's Runaway, 2i— j; F. Jones' Wedge
wood beat J. Keer.an's Florence Blythe. 'SZ—3;
11. F. Anderson's Crawford I^ass beat W. H.
Jonas' Annie Lawrence. :>— •<; T. J. Cronin's
Vixen beat H. Lynch's Linton. 26— 0: F.
Brown's Tammar.y beat J. Gibson's Lady
Lightfoot. W— o; D. Reunion's Mollle R beat Al
Austin's Bohemian Girl. 22—2; W. H. Jones' St.
lyes btat H. Ljnch's Lavona, 21—7; F. Jones'
Tom Hurlick beat J. D. Sawyers Captain Kv
ans. 7—o; E. Wlxon'a Gladys Ruffian beat I. H.
Frank's Glen Girl, 6—5;6 — 5; George Nevercott's
Freda l-eat C. Brown* Busybody. IS— 1: W. H.
Jones' St. VaJentine boat R. Pringle's Bannock
burn. *¦— 6; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat F.
Schou's Lady Glt-nkirk. l'J— Z: I. H. Frank's
Glen Anne beat Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful,
5—2.
Second round — Wedpowood beat Glad Ruffian,
13—6; Vixen beat Crawford J^ass. 6—4; Moliie R
beat Tammany, 6—l; Tom Hurlick beat St.
lyes. 2S— O; Freda beat Gladys Ruffian. 4—l;
Vandal beat £t. Valentine, Z— 2; Glen Anr.e ran
a bye.
Optn Make— H. Lynch's Lexington beat J. H.
Pengo'i- Controller, 4—2; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sara beat Ed Kvatt's Hurricane. 7—2: Curtis &
Son's Cash beat Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead. :.— *<; Erwin & Lynn's t-ilver Lion beat
K. M. KelloKg's t-weet Emma. 3—2; G. Whit
ney's Theron beat J. M. Halton's Lavender,
13—2; Handy i: Smith's Petronius beat W.
Creamer's Jest^ Moore, 9 — j; J. McEnroe's Nor
ntt beat Pat Hogan'f Lawton's Brigade. S — 3;
J. Murnane'* WiMwood beat P. J. ReiUy's
Wart-hip. S — 4; Pat Morgan's Lucretia Borgia
beat D. J. Healeys Grenada. 4—2: E. M. Kel
lopg's Kid McCoy beat F. Moran's Bit of Fash
jcn. 8— «: Maher & Reid's Singleton beat E. &
It. Scott's Lord Byron, 14— 12: M. J. ONeil's
Pat Rellly beat Pasha Kennels' Sylvia. 6— o;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat D. Ford's
Bonita. 11— .1; F. Moran's False Flatterer beat
J. M. Halton'E Tic Tac. 12—7; Lowe & Thomp
son's Jeysamy beat P. J. Rellly's Grafter. 12— 1);
D. J. Healey's Lady Clare beat J. Hurleys O X
Capitol. 16— c; J. Shaw's Lucky Dog beat Hall
& Newell's Florence N. 6— o: G. Sharman's Wait
a Bit beat Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy,
4—o;4 — 0; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat Hall Ai: Newell's
Nonpareil. 3—l; E. M. Kellossr's lowa Maid beat
W. H. Lord's Revolver. . 7— 4; Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy bep.t Pa*=ha Kennels' Rest Assured.
4-H 1 ; R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat D. Ford's
Juanita. 6—o; Handy & Smith's Magic beat W.
J. Brownings Mountain Belle, S — !: Curtis &
Son's Beacon beat T. J. Harrington's Beau
Peep. 12—0; K. A. McCr.mbs Motto b»at F.
Moran's Flying Faster, 12— 11; F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush beat Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn,
12— ¦'>; Erwln &- Lyon's Silver Wing? beat Curtis
A: Son's Commodore. S— l; If. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence b°at M. Duniea's Erin. «.— 3; Russell
Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clair beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Wonder, fc — Z; M. London's Mapneto
beat P. .1. Reiily's Royal Union. 10—5; T. J.
Cronin's Thornhill beat P. J. Reiily's Plough
Boy. .'— -fc; Sterl & Knowies' Rusty Gold beat
Gus Abcrcrombie's Victor Kin*. ?> — 3; J. P.
Thrifts Fonret beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist. ~i — 1; It. E. de B. Lopez's Minnewawa
brat Curtlp &. Son's McKlnley, o—4; W. F.
Hubfof' Mercy May beat J. Muller'a Mocorita
€ — «; T. .1. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat E. Geary's
Ireland. 10—6; Curtis &< Son's Vanity Fair beat
J. Kennedy's Ever Sure, 7—o;7 — 0; Kay Bros.'
Hawker beat M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines,
4-2; Har.dy & Smith's Jennie Wilson beat W.
Cairns' Imperial. 10—1: f-terl &. Knowles'
O'Hara beat P. Doyie's Wild Monarch, 4—2; J.
H. Periso's Bohe beat Lowe & Thompson's
Kiss's Borderer, n—o;n — 0; T. J. Cronin's Depend
On Me beat D. J. Healey'c Maggie N, 6—2; Cur
tis & Son's Flying Fox beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Diablo. 7— Z: Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody beat
J. Dickson's El^ck Bes», 6—o.
Judge John Grace Jr. has issued a
statement in which he protests against
what he calls the unauthorized use of his
name by the officials of the San Mateo
Coursing Park.
INGLESIDE RACES
First Round of the Big Non-
Winners' Stake Run
Down.
The r.on-winncrs" stake of 112 entries
furnished rare coursing sport at Jngleside
yesterday morning and afternoon. With
but few exceptions the card ran strongly
for the favorites. Lady Granite beat Bor
der's Best, a 4 to 1 favorite.
The run down of the first round wa«- X U
Kellogg's lowa Boy beat H. i.ynchs Loiterer-
It. L. Taylor 1 » (naniee) Mom beat U. Idhusen's
Firefly; A. Van den Burgh's Arr.erlean Kaele
beat P. M. Clarkson's Black Hawk; Cunts &.
Son's Vulcan beat Cornel! Bros.' Happy
Thought; A. Johnson's Tod .Sloan lx>at F C
Mack's Black Path: T. Fannlsif's Royai CHIT
beat James Byrnes' Nellie B; Bartef Bros '
Beer Brewer beat 11. Mulk-r's Dexter I': W C
GUnoD'c Sleigh Bells beat G. 11. Lahuaen's
Fireball; T. Cox's Hairbrain beat .1. Talbofs
Blackrock; J. R. Smith's Victor Qut»cn neat
George Breuhn's Monogram; M. Kelly's Gentle
Annie beat F. L. Nichols 1 Lear King; M. Ncal-
on's Van Knapp beat H. Doyle's Garry Owen;
Barteis Bros.' Hen's Babe beat Joe Perry's
Commodore Nash; T. Nertns" Nellie N beat
J. B. Martinet's Bertta! Chief: J O'Shca's
Golden Uule beat K«:Ily «. Hanley's Baby
King; P. Rciliy's Lady Granite beat Bartel
Bros." Birder's BeFt; James Byrnes' Battle
ship beat I*. Iteilly'c Master Mat; H. Lyneh's
I^ettie. M beat (Jeorpe Breul-.n's Aloah; Conneli
Bro?.' Dunmore boat Larkey & Hock's Van
Ne^da: S. C. Whiting's St. Anthony beat 11.
Weber's Montana; V. McCorub's Miss Skyrocket
bent John Farley's (inmesi I'ctriot; J. Uoun
ing's (names) Demp^cy Lass l,eat J. Watklns'
Merciless; T. J. Mcliugh's Mo?a Rose beat S.
McCuiloufcb's Flashing Laf=s; J. I. O'Brien's
Wandeiiax Tom beat J. Dean's Mialmo; T.
Murphy's Ten Rose beat F. Rotham's Justice"
P. Iteilly's Richmond Cfueen beat W. Perry's
Compagr.la; .T. H. Tenpo's Pretty Girl beat
Banel* Bros.' Ballroom Belle; J. L O'Brien's
JUatennan beat C. Brown's Van Nlda; T. J.
Cronin's Rose of Tralee beat H. A. Deckel
man'* Old Glory; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
MUs ivnman beat J. Martinets Kally Brass;
J. H. Torino's Ividy Davenport beat George
Pinto's Glad Hand: F. A. McComb's One Spot
beat J. 11. PeriKO's Belle Seward; J. Edmonds'
Go On beat J. R. Smith's Victor: James Dean's
Gallant beat Captain Kane's Mira Monte; T.
Smith's Mary Black beat Curtis & Son's Black
etf; D. Toland's Twilight Jr. beat Larkey &
Rock's Liberty Bell; J. O'Dowd's Clifton Lass
beat J. I). Campbell's Trailer; T. J. Cron'.n's
Mai-J of Ball beat A. Mr.ssey'a (names) Anna;
J. Kdmonds" Morning; Glory beat Corkery &
Here's Douglas: J. Dean's Glide beat A. Mas-
Bey's (name") White; Janes ]>can's Gladiator
beat T. Farming's Habe Murphy; W. C. Glas
fton'g Terrona beat K. M. Ke'.logß's Lady Gil
more; Captain Kane's Greenhall beat C.
Graun's Newsboy; T. Logan's Miss Grlizle
beat J. Dean's I'egßy: J. Keenan's Royal Oak
beat George l*into"s Mischief; H. A. Deokel
man'H Snapshot beat K. M. KeJlostr's Hum
mer: Russell. Allen A- Wilson's Belle Claire beat
J. S?giferKon"« <.'andelarla; Ruskpll. Allen &
Wllcon's JuMuf Caesar beat .1. MeNeilTs Cap
tain Byrnes; H. Lynch's Myntic Maid beat J
Holden'c Kcottirh Chief; J. Ferris' Leah beat
V. MrComh't Little Joker; A. Van den Burgh's
Naughty Girl beat J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen;
A. Johnson's Raid Kagle beat J. Scffgerson's
White Chief; Curtis & Han't. Maud S beat J
Watkins' Metviful: F. C. Mack's Delia M beat
M. Nealon's Athene; T. J. Mcllugh's Maid of
the Mill beat J. Sejjßerßon's Gold Hill; Con
nell liros.' Good-By beat C. E. Wiley's Gas
light.
HIGH-CLASS
DOGS TO TRY
CONCLUSIONS
ATHLETES TO
COMPETE IN
INDOOR MEET
Owners Gather at Bakersfield
for the Annual Field
Trials.
Ambitious Plans fcr a Carni
val of Sport in Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
?, ..„„„_„„ _. ~ on ' .
BAKKRSFIKLD Jan. 20 -Final ar
rungements have been practically com
pleted for the ho ding of the seventeenth
™"ih ™ , «' It .1 h T
their dogs to rest and recuperate until the
% *J Tl^as aSvilllam Betten. in or
der to find birds more ple.*iful. journeyed
some ninety miles Into San Luis Obispo
County, where they, remained several
weeks, returning yesterday. The string
of dogs belonging to each is in good
form and groat things are expected from
the animais.
R. M. Dodge, handler for the Stockdale
Kennels, finished his training yesterday,
It was done mostly in the vicinity of
Lakeside, twenty miles from Bakersrieid.
The Stockdale Kennels' string is In tirst
class shape and should be heard from in
the various events to lake place next
week. Sams Bow, the winner of last
year's all-age stake, has almost recovered
from the injury to his leg, which handi
capped him so badly during the latter
part of the trials last year. The Stock
dale Kennels will have three Derby en
tries, three in the all-age and one or more
'" the champion stake.
W. B. Coutts has a very large string of
dogs, all in fair shape. He has more
Derby entries than any other handler
here, and if report be true there are some
s&fts sißSigii^sJS! two or
TacomT the Orecon all a^e°entrv is re
ported to' be In nne fettle Indmant- of
t P hc r kennel men arfof Vhe'opinfonTha't hi
will be well un In tbe money Peach
(handier^or V P W. Van AradaVe). Dr c!
b. Wilson and one or two others have not
been heard from for several days, bnt
there is little doubt that their dogs will all
be in good form on Monday.
There are a number of field trial en
thusiasts already on the ground. Among
them are A. Truman, H. T. Payne, W.
W. Van Arsdale, Messrs. Tiedeman and
Howe from Oregon and Washington
respectively, and Frank Holbrook of Los
Angeles. Among those expected to ar
rive to-morrow are J. E. Terry and C.
N. Post of Sacramento. J. Kilgarif.
Frank Maskey. Howard Black, Andrew
Jackson, Sam Hughes and a half-aozen
others from San Francisco, Henry T.
Kelly, John Schumacher and several
others from Los Angeles. Thomas John
son of Canada, who will act as Judge, la
expected to arrive some time to-morrow.
Although birds are somewhat scarce
throughout the country they are reported
fairly plentiful on the trial grounds,
which will be at the same place as last
year. The Stockdale ranch is situated
about four miles from Bakersfteld.
Lntnes for the Members' stake will be
to seven. W. S. Tevis, president of the
club, will run Nellie Wilson; Frank
Maskey, Lady Rodschaff; W. W. Van
Nevada. Mr. Tiedeman of Washington. C.
N. Post and one or two others.
The four events probably will consume
the most of the week, unless there is a
nr^L^ f] lance In tne weather, which at
Xn n s\h S e^; f h°avTaVe n n^ mr nc 8 >V C t^\\ n e
to the trees, instead of lying well to the
dogs.
The promised revival in amateur sports
of th e field and path was given added im
pe tu S last night by representatives of the
PacJnc . Associatlon , Amateur At hletic
Union . lt was dec , ded tf> hoM an lm]oor
meeting in April. The date
gSifiSSSSSSg 'and SecSuli'
SSSSSSSK £5 *2 SS K»
L^e el d a y L Academic Athletic
fepionlnip. of the Jffviritto? 11 * 81 "*
The principal entries will come from the
University of California, Stanford Unt
versity, the, Academic Athletic League
an {* Olympic and Reliance clubs. There
wm be a host o f young .uhletes In train-
J n & at tn c time and a monster entry list
is expected. The programme, as outlined.
wl'l be: C5-yard dash. 65 yard hurdle. 300.
600 and X"00 yard runs, high jump, broad
Jump, polevault. shot-put and gymnastics
and mile relay race, eight men to a team,
Ihe affair will take definite form when
the dates for other meetings have been
determined upon.
The delegates in attendance at th«* meet
ing last night were: George James, Olym
pic Athletic Club; H. A Keeler Reliance
Athletic Club; 1. J. Muma, University of
California; C. A. Cantwell, Stanford Uni
versity; Herbert Hauser, Academic Ath
ii e tlc League. '
Amons th*» lrrnnr+nnt jtMnM^ «,(,„••
of t™2 next "hrei^^ntM are th^
and wrestUne tour^-fmlm Sth.niv^
"üb «™ K^KrX m :%nfmffis «s
ment of Academic League. February 9;
Aca demic League field day late in March.
Rg&^fc^^ltir™* tT*" 11 *
lnterco »l<?Siate championship meeting and
the Intercollegiate baseball championship
cr - es
WILL PLACE
COLLEGE MEN
ON THE GRILL
LIVE OAK
HANDICAP
FOR ANDES
Faculty Committees Investigat
ing Professional Conduct
of Baseball Athletes.
James Arthur's Gcod Colt
Lands the New Orleans
Stake Event.
The baseball athletes of both the Uni
versity of California and Stanford are by
no means easy of conscience at the pres
ent time. An investigation has been
Ftarted by the professors at both Palo
Alto and Berkeley which, if consistently
adhered to, will probably result in barring
some of the best diamond material at the
colleges.
Soon after the football season closed the
professors who form the faculty athletic
committees at Stanford and California
gave out that spring athletics would be
put to a rigid test in order to wipe out
the meagerest taint of professionalism.
Both faculties have expressed themselves
positively in this regard, and ail show of
professionalism, even though it be but in
the letter and not in spirit, will receive its
death blow.
The work of investigation has gone on
at Berkeley and Stanford and the results
are feared by all the baseball men. Dur
inff the vacations many of the college
base runners played on country teams, re
ceiving some recompense for it, though
fmall and in many cases just sufficing to
pay the expenses of the player while in
the country town. There is hardly a dis
tinct case of professionalism at either
college, but the minor lapses from the
stringent ethics of the amateur status will
be met with the same punishment.
At Stanford the commotion excited by
the faculty's action is intense. Just when
the announcements will be made is not
known, but they are expected in a week
or two. The students show some signs of
rebellion at this supervisorial attitude the
professors have taken in the matter. They
claim that some notice should have been
given. Ihe contest between the student
committees and the faculty will be fought
out in joint meeting. The faculty com
mittees on student athletics will be asked
to pass some laws which will go into effect
next season, thus serving as a warning
and a notice at the same time that all
future infractions will receive summary
treatment.
A similar investigation will be made In
regard to track athletics, but as the vio
lations in this branch of amateur ath
letics are few and isolated not many sus
pensions are anticipated. There are a few
infractions in this branch of sport how
ever, and those athletes who have won
honors on athletic club teams and at the
same time received some form of com
pensation will be barred from participat
ing in the intercollegiate games this
spring.
— •_
Accident to a Jockey.
Emmet Matthews, a young jockey, was
riding a racehorse on Market street yes
terday afternoon when the animal slipped
In front of the truck house at Tenth
street and fell, crushing the jockey under
it. Assistant P'ire Chief Dougherty saw
the accident and helped to extricate th^
boy. He drove him in his buggy to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
he was simply suffering from the shock.
He was detained in the hospital for some
hours until his friends took him home.
¦ » »
Fought to a Draw.
JsEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Joe Fairburn of
Philadelphia and Marty McCue of New
York fought twenty rounds to a draw at
the Greenwood Athletic Club in Brooklyn
to-night. Fairburn did most of the tight
intr.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 20.— James
Arthur's good colt Andes landed another
stake to-day— the thousand-dollar Live
Oak handicap. Laureate was favorite In
the betting:, but nothing in his race justi
lled the choice. Dr. Parker made all of
the running and' was worn down at. the
«nd by Andes, which went to the front
and v,-on under pressure. RushiieiUs.
Knight Banneret and Albert Vale, all of
which scored easily, wore the winning
favorites. The track was heavy and
lumpy.
At the sale In the paddock to-day J. A.
Sj? y » the well-known sprinter, and The
\\ inner, an ex-stake horse, were sold,
the former for $45 and the latter for $20.
Results;
One mile and twenty yards, Beijing-—Rush
fields won, L. T. Cator* second, Banquo II
third. Time, IMS 1;.
Six and a half furlongs, handicap— Knlgrht
Banneret won. Kindred second, Freyllnghuy
sen third. Time 1:25.
One and a fourth miles, selling— Albert Vale
won. Bright Night second. Nailer third. Time,
The Live Oak handicap, one mile— Andes won,
Arthur Behan second; Laureate third. Time,
Seven furlongs, selling— Fewness won. Little
Bill second, Watercrest third.'. Time, 1:81 ft.
Six furlonga, selling— Jamaica won, Vlturia
second, Maidstone third. Time, 1:18.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
An Oakland Team Defeats the Vam
pires by a Good Margin.
The Oakland Association football team
met the Vampires yesterday afternoon at
the Presidio grounds for the second time
during. the present, season and defeated
them by three goals to one. The Oak
landers had the heavier eleven and their
team work was much better than that of
their opponents. The kick-off took place
at about 3:30 p. m., and during the first
half Erskine and Morse scored one goal
each for the Oakland team. The Vam
pires obtained one goal from a corner
kick by Williamson. Score: Oakland. 2
goals; Vampires, 1 goal. During the sec
ond half Bird kicked a third goal for the
Oaklanders, the game ending without
further score on either side. For the
winners Hunter and P. Chambers played
the best game, while O'Rourke, Macder
mld and Williamson rendered good ser
vice to the losers. The teams will meet
again two weeks from yesterday. The
line-up was as follows:
Vampires. Positions. Oakland.
Westerfeld Goalkec:>er Baker
Robertson Hack Bradley
O'Rourke Hack Hunter
Kelwood Halfback "Warren
Dugpan Halfback P. Chambers
Macdermid Halfback Shaw
Williamson Right Forward Morse
White Right Forward Bird
t'asidy Center Erskine
Bisliop Left Forward...... Yon Helms
A. F. Chambers.. Left Forward Lamont
¦ » ¦
A resident of New Zealand has designed
a folding seat for sewing machines, which
can be adjusted as to height and distance
from the machine, being supported on a
pivoted arm, which swings toward or
from the table, with the seat carried by a
screw-threaded rod.
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. »
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 20.
Br ship Balasore, Lloyd, 130 days from Ant
werjv
Br bark Inverlyon, Crcmbie. 140 days from
Swansea.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWEN'B LANDING-SaUed }
Archie and Fontle, for San Frantf
Necessary Precaution,
"What a line looking little, boy?" ex
claimed the good-natured woman to her
traveling acquaintance. "How old is he?"
"You're not connected with the railroad
are you?" aczed the suspicious mother
"Certainly not.
"Not in s>--- capacity whatever?"
"Well, just wa until the conductor gets
out of hearing and Ill-t ell you."— Chicago
Post.
J. F. CALDWELtr-Starter.
(Jgg # FIRST UACE-Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Olympic Club Billiards.
The billiard players of the first class In
the Olympic Club will commence play in
a tournament on Monday. The fourteen
lnch balk line game will be played. The
expert cue wielders who will compete are:
W. H. Sigourney, H. B. Russ, Dr. O. B.
Burns, L. C. Hodgkins. Leo Nolan, Martin
L. Espinosa. Frank Coffin and George S.
Ingersoll. The tournament is in charge of
Dr. O. B. Burns, one of the club directors.
SCHULTE
WEARY OF
TURF WAR
Resigns His Position as Presi
dent and Director of the
Congress.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Jan. 20.— William F.
Schulte. president of the American Turf
Congress, which controls all the racing
of thoroughbreds in the West, resigned
his position to-day. He resigned both as
president and director of the congress.
Schulte'a resignation Is the direct re
sult of the war between members of the
turf body regarding racing dates for this
spring and summer. He had called a
meeting of the Turf Congress for January
25 at Covington in order to settle the dif
ferences, but to-day he called off this
meeting, at the same time tendering his
resignation. Both communications were
telegraphed to Secretary Ed Hopper at
Cincinnati.
As the case now stands there will be no
meeting of the congress next Thursday
unless James Howard of the Washington
Park Jockey Club, Chicago, who Is vice
president of the congress, sees fit to call
such a meeting. This is not at all likely,
however, for Howard is one of those in
terested in the faction which has been
fighting Schulte, Applegate and Corrigan
The dissensions In the ranks of the Turf
Congress date back several months, when
President "Schlute first announced that a
meeting of the congress would be held
in order to decide an eauitable adjust
ment of racing dates for the coming
spring. The Chicago and St. Louis pro
moters gave voice to various murmurlngs
of disapproval and on several occasions
declared they would not accept any al
lotment of dates other than those they
desired to give. What they wanted, so
Schulte claims, was to gobble up all the
dates and to race all summer. Schulte
paid a visit to Chicago in December in
order to try to pacify the disturbing ele
ment, but he says he was coldly rec3ived
and was given to understand that the
three Chicago tracks would race to suit
themselves. When seen late to-night
Schulte said:
"I resigned this afternoon because I re
ceived word that the St. Louis and Chi
cago Jockey clubs were going to run their
meetings regardless of the wishes
of the Turf Congress. As a mat
ter of fact, this afternoon I re
ceived word that the representatives of
these clubs would not even attend the
meetings of the congress which I had
called for January 25 at Covington. Be
coming disgusted with the outlook, I sim
ply resigned and called the meetings off."
ANNUAL DINNER OF
YANKEES IN PARIS
Henry Peartree Given
an Emblem.
PARIS. Jan. 20.— The sixth annual din
Der and meeting of the American China
ber of Commerce in Paris was held to
right at the restaurant Bon Valet .an<
proved the most successful ever held it
: ::; of attendance, there b<Mng prescn
35j nwmbers ;"<i a few invited guests
Indndlns t'nitt.o States Consul Generu
John Gowdy ard the staff of the cm^
Mjlate, and Professor Kenjamin Wo>i
trard, assistant Ur-.ited States Commit
Fioner to the l'^iis Exposition. G«'n^r.i
)lorace Poiter. L'nited Stairs Embdssa
dor, was unable to «>e. present owing v
a prcvlctts enezscmemJ
As a mark of tne esteem of the member:
and in recognition of the energy and sue
(••¦ ps of ;r.<- administration of the affair
<f the chamber ander Henry Peartree, l:>
vas presented with an emblem of the l>e
cion of Honor, set la brilliants. h<? havim
be-n made j chevalier of the legion bj
the French Government in October las^
for his active participation in the ncpo
tlations of the Fzanco-Amezican comm«-r
tlai treaty. Mr. Peartree replied to th<
1 mentation address in a gracious speecn
Mr. <jtjwdy took advantage of the occa
j»i.)n to present figures showing the ful
Jillment of his prophecy mado two years
previously, as t<> the Increase of commerce
tinder the present tariff. The t.xports from
Paris la H3'j. he paid, showed an increase
over those cf I^*o of 3l,<'«i,n<>o francs and
ever those of IS&4 of 0.1,3T4.0iXt francs. In
ISW over JC r"*r cent of the exports were
mid before leaving Paris. He was of the
opinion that the export trade of the
Vr.it f-d States to France was only in its
Infancy and urged France and her peo
jjJe to buy American goods.
In the speeches many approving refer
ences were made to the reciprocity treaty
b*>tr.pen the two countries and the hope
of its ratification was frequently ex
pressed.
At the business meeting after the dinner
a resolution was adopted expressing hope
for the early ratification of the treaty by
both Governments and confidence in its
Tendency to increase the commercial re-
lations of the two republics. Professor
Woodward spoke briefly on the exposition.
The following officers were elected:
President, Henry PeaiU.ee; vice president,
Geope A. Uante; treasurer, B. I. Shonl
fr. secretary. Francis Klmbel; honorary
director, John K. Gowdy.
OBJECT TO PARIS
FAIR CONDITIONS
American Commission
ers on the Warpath.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. ?>.— A Journal tpe>
cfal from Paris says: A prcat row is in
progress between the I'nited Staffs Com
missioners to the Paris Exposition and
the French authorities. Relations are
strained almost to the bre:ikins point.
The trouble is ever the fact that Tur
key Is permitted to erect her national pa
vilion far in front of the American pa
vilion. Despite the fact that the line of
demarcation of each national building is*
carefully drawn the Turkish pavilion
completely overshadows the American,
making the latter look like a racrp annex.
The United States Commissioners are
furious and declare that unless the Turkish,
building is moved back to its proper place
a rupture is inevitable. The first impulse
was to withdraw altogether, but prepara
tions had gone too far. The present plan
is to turn the dispute over to the Minister
of Foreisn Affairs.
The Frtnch authorities try to miniiniza
the question by pretending there is a dis
pute between the United States and Tur
key. The Commissioners ignore Turkey
and lasist upon justice from the FrenciJ
authorities.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
br. T Ti b7 3 KIi 1;r : sto : n-Esteill: G °° d BUrt< W ° n flrßt three Mving - Wlnncr> B - Schrelber's
lor.ian rl was *'°" ld have won had the dlstance been » trifle further. Grafter will do. Car-
59,6 S ww. XD RACE -° ne mlle and a half : celling; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
lime-,,. :.'o' 2 ; \ 2 , :.>o; ? 4 , 1:14%; mile, 1:40; Him, 2:06: l'4m 2:32% Good start Wnn
easily. Second and third driving Winner. J. Carroll's eh m , bv ßilev-ModeVtv
Daisy galloped. Chlmura peculiarly ridden. Track too" SVd for Mead"wthoroe.
660. THIRL> RACE ~ slx furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
m. 2SS& irft. & %&£%£%£%%& Btart - Won flrBt thr « -^
cnmi^^t^ofhe'rso'utf^tod" 5 ' P ° SS ' ble mad ' h ' 8 ™» t0 ° BOOn - Wjwalw wa,
Kel^G^'iw^vnd HeTJo3 ™' "*"* "" 107 - T " thlU 36 ' Ch » m *'° n Ros « ".. Kitty
GBl.^iuSlSStt^" 011 " """^ TurfCon^ ess . Stakes; three-year-olds and upward;
£°"P" P ,? *««ifu l^^^rJ»2.^ M lth i r £ ys^- "•Coupled with Flower of Gold.
Time— >4, :2Va. \i, :n\'z. %, l:l3Vi mile, 1:39. Good start Wnn first ihiw <irivin~ tt'i
nor. D. Schrelber'R br. h.. by Hayden Edwards-Bettie B aise 5'5 ' '"'
Bannorkburn earned his victory Justly. Geyser bumped a bit at the hxrlnnlntr 7 n ™.
cu r t ora1 n ?ne ln s? a rt GUar<l £f * 53?g SSS Uay th?«S£ gggj
Scratched— F. W. Erode 104, Anjou 104, Dlomed 101.
662. FIFTH nACE -° ne mlIe: »e"«ns: threo-year-olds and upward; purse, «ICO.
Time— 'i. :2«: 'i. :>*Hi: %. 1:15*4: mile, 1:41»4. Good start Wnn pnsllv e-__ n^" "T^*
third <lrivin K . Winner. W. M. Cahlll- 8 b. E ., by imp. Midlot "an-Mottle s «ond and
R i.cJd'.' nn Tor^lo Qu a it: inS aWnyat fin!sh - Re<l PlrUe showed Improvement. Ping showed no
Scratched— Faversham 111. White Fern 106, Dolore 103, Tom Smith 10j.
663* SIXTH RACE ~ Flve turlonga; throe-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
Time— >4, :13!i: *i. :364: <&, 1:02. Disgraceful start Won casllv Second »Tirt thTTi
driving. Winner, B. Corrigan's b. g., by imp Maxim-Daniela Second and third
Maxello uresente.l with race. He wan the only one eettine »ny from th* ™.t
Scratched-Beautlful Bill 115, Delecta 110, Lona Marie no. Tourist II 110.
24
I
:dex. Horse. W
¦iKIi K l
I
;ht. St.
Urn.
%m.
vim.
Str. Fin.
(Benin*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
633 KingFtelle
64j) M. F. Tarpey...
... Oraft^r
6£l St. Rica
633 Bride Ale
616 Carlonlan
... The Gafflr
.104( 3
.111! 2
.IOSi i
,io; r>
.105 4
.104 7
¦111! 6
1 l»i in
2h 2 5
4M 3 2
01 4 1
31 5 1
7 6 1
''V, 7
Bullman 7-5' 3.3
Spencer 2 11.5
E. Jones 12 30
Logue 50 200
Kiley 50 200
Jenkins 3-2 3
Henry 50 20
649
MS
C 7
ME.
J
3 '
I i
. Hoi
Dais;
Topn
Chlm
Billy
y I
nas
nun
ll>.W
MM
Age.
', 6 '..
. 4 .
:horp'
¦CUsl
ke
Weight St.
104 3
107 5
100 1
. 6 ..110 4
py. a. 103 2
1 5
4 3
3 1,4
J&
1 «
2 5
3 2
4 8
1 8
2 6
3 4
4 8
J>
Str.
1 10
2 6
3 2
4 S
5
Fin. Jockeys. i
1 8 T. Walsh
2 5 J. Martin
3 2 Vittitoe
415 Jenkins
6 H. Stuart
Betting.
Op. ci.
T^ 3^i
5 6
4 7-2
8 12
60 150
idex. Horse.
hl2) Sly. 6
«.?«) Ben I-e
£>;>* Wyoniii
C 47 Good II
(!3C Sorlalis
E92 Yaruba.
Ml Maud I
C 47 Rosalbr
6.'.3 Orion.
!. J
cdl,
iiur,
to]
st,
I. 4
Fe
ra,
p.
Ag
i. '
¦ r . 1
pc,
4 .
rgi
, a
je. Weight. Ist.
11l 2
4 110 S
a 109 6
. 4 104 B
11l ft
108 1
uson, 4. .102 7
s no n
mo 4
%m. %m.
2 1
1 2
5 h
4 2
9
7 '*
3 h
6 2
8 14
9i«l.
2~i
l i<4
6 1
6 2
8 3
3 h
4 h
7 \k
9
Str.
1 h
2 2
3 h
4 h
62
8 4
9
_, netting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1 ns (Spencer 3 ?
2 2Vt K. lioss 5-2 16.5
3 n T. Walsh 6 10
4 h Jenkins 4 4
5 1 Plggott 6 y.
6 2 Morgan 30 ion
7 i/i J. Martin 10 2f.
8 5 Henry 30 40
9 B. Jones 20 3(1
!e
index. Horse. Age. Weight. iSt.
'im. %m.
"Am. str.
Fin.
Jockeys. pp. ¦ ci.
<6f>l) Bannockburn, S 124 9
(013) Oeysor. C !21 3
(C4«> Zoroaster. 4 ISO 7
643 Advance Guard, 3.. 104 8
6.-.0 Wllowtall. 3 lOC I
fifl Olinthus. 4 118 2
K26 Flower of Gold, 3.. 99 5
6^o Kardine, 0.... 101 4
643 Bondoran. 5 124 6
41 3 2
r. ' i si
62 4 h
8 2 72
11 1 ',4
7 '4 S h
3 '.4 ,6 »4
9 9 •
2 '.a 2 2
1 M 11
3h 3 2
4 1 2 4 ¦
6 1 42
2 1 SI
9 7 1
5 1 tU
7 2 9
52 8 1
1%
2 1 -
3 1)
4 10
fi ii
si 4
9
Bullman 3 4
Spencer 1 4.5
PlK^ott 6.6
J. Martin • •
K. .loneti R j<>
}l. Shields 50 so
T. Walsh „. 6 7
Vlttttoe •• ••
Jenkins ••• •••
:n<iex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
61S Scotch Plaid, 6 109 4 !
fi47 Montallade. a 105 fi
f»f. Red Pirate, 4 107 3
C3l Antoinette, 3 K5 1
510 Orady, a 10S 8
€05 Kpplonage, 4 tOO S
GQf. Pin*. 5 105 2
f642) Torthlp n 107 7
litn. ',4m.
2~h 3~ii
5 ' i 5 1
41 2 h
11 11
5 6 h
7 h 8
61 7 2
3~7
2
4 3
1 1
6 1
X
7 2
Btr.
3 2
2 h
4 1
1 4
5 1
7 > A
S
6 1A
Fin. .
1 1
2 3
2 1
4 2
f. 2
6 3
7 4
8
IBettlnaT.
Jockeys. |Op. ci.
Jenkins l 9. in
T. Wa15h...... 7 12
E. Ross.. 10 20
J. Martin 10 9
Henry 20 SO
Phelan 10 20
Vittttoe 5 s
E. Jones 3 4
ndcx. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. . Mm. % m . gtr.
431 Maxello. 4 112 1 ... 110 i~6 71
653 Gold Baron, 4 112 3 ... 32 33 2 3
624 C. H. Har'son Jr., 4.ll2 2 ... 2 5 2*5 30
624 Romany. 4. ..112 4 ... 4 2 4S 414
6.7) Mafad.i. a... 115 5 ... 5 8 5 8 1 j<
642 Lulu W, 4 '.110 6 ... 6 6 6
681 Lady Helolse, 6 110 L*ft
604 P F. 6 112 Left ...
I Fin.
1 4
2 n
3 1
4 4
5 13
6
netting.
Jockeys. Op. CJ.
Spencer 9-5 5-2
Jenkins ....... 3 7
T. Walsh. 15 " 20
PigKOtt ..;.... fi 5
Henry 3 15.5
E. R055..;..... -6. 13
E. Jones.. 4 3
• Stuart 20 • 7"i
I
I
:dex. Horse. W
¦iKIi K l
I
;ht. St.
Urn.
%m.
vim.
Str. Fin.
(Benin*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
633 KingFtelle
64j) M. F. Tarpey...
... Oraft^r
6£l St. Rica
633 Bride Ale
616 Carlonlan
... The Gafflr
.104( 3
.111! 2
.IOSi i
,io; r>
.105 4
.104 7
¦111! 6
1 l»i in
2h 2 5
4M 3 2
01 4 1
31 5 1
7 6 1
''V, 7
Bullman 7-5' 3.3
Spencer 2 11.5
E. Jones 12 30
Logue 50 200
Kiley 50 200
Jenkins 3-2 3
Henry 50 20
649
MS
C 7
ME.
J
3 '
I i
. Hoi
Dais;
Topn
Chlm
Billy
y I
nas
nun
ll>.W
MM
Age.
', 6 '..
. 4 .
:horp'
¦CUsl
ke
Weight St.
104 3
107 5
100 1
. 6 ..110 4
py. a. 103 2
1 5
4 3
3 1,4
J&
1 «
2 5
3 2
4 8
1 8
2 6
3 4
4 8
J>
Str.
1 10
2 6
3 2
4 S
5
Fin. Jockeys. i
1 8 T. Walsh
2 5 J. Martin
3 2 Vittitoe
415 Jenkins
6 H. Stuart
Betting.
Op. ci.
T^ 3^i
5 6
4 7-2
8 12
60 150
idex. Horse.
hl2) Sly. 6
«.?«) Ben I-e
£>;>* Wyoniii
C 47 Good II
(!3C Sorlalis
E92 Yaruba.
Ml Maud I
C 47 Rosalbr
6.'.3 Orion.
!. J
cdl,
iiur,
to]
st,
I. 4
Fe
ra,
p.
Ag
i. '
¦ r . 1
pc,
4 .
rgi
, a
je. Weight. Ist.
11l 2
4 110 S
a 109 6
. 4 104 B
11l ft
108 1
uson, 4. .102 7
s no n
mo 4
%m. %m.
2 1
1 2
5 h
4 2
9
7 '*
3 h
6 2
8 14
9i«l.
2~i
l i<4
6 1
6 2
8 3
3 h
4 h
7 \k
9
Str.
1 h
2 2
3 h
4 h
62
8 4
9
_, netting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1 ns (Spencer 3 ?
2 2Vt K. lioss 5-2 16.5
3 n T. Walsh 6 10
4 h Jenkins 4 4
5 1 Plggott 6 y.
6 2 Morgan 30 ion
7 i/i J. Martin 10 2f.
8 5 Henry 30 40
9 B. Jones 20 3(1
!e
index. Horse. Age. Weight. iSt.
'im. %m.
"Am. str.
Fin.
Jockeys. pp. ¦ ci.
<6f>l) Bannockburn, S 124 9
(013) Oeysor. C !21 3
(C4«> Zoroaster. 4 ISO 7
643 Advance Guard, 3.. 104 8
6.-.0 Wllowtall. 3 lOC I
fifl Olinthus. 4 118 2
K26 Flower of Gold, 3.. 99 5
6^o Kardine, 0.... 101 4
643 Bondoran. 5 124 6
41 3 2
r. ' i si
62 4 h
8 2 72
11 1 ',4
7 '4 S h
3 '.4 ,6 »4
9 9 •
2 '.a 2 2
1 M 11
3h 3 2
4 1 2 4 ¦
6 1 42
2 1 SI
9 7 1
5 1 tU
7 2 9
52 8 1
1%
2 1 -
3 1)
4 10
fi ii
si 4
9
Bullman 3 4
Spencer 1 4.5
PlK^ott 6.6
J. Martin • •
K. .loneti R j<>
}l. Shields 50 so
T. Walsh „. 6 7
Vlttttoe •• ••
Jenkins ••• •••
:n<iex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
61S Scotch Plaid, 6 109 4 !
fi47 Montallade. a 105 fi
f»f. Red Pirate, 4 107 3
C3l Antoinette, 3 K5 1
510 Orady, a 10S 8
€05 Kpplonage, 4 tOO S
GQf. Pin*. 5 105 2
f642) Torthlp n 107 7
litn. ',4m.
2~h 3~ii
5 ' i 5 1
41 2 h
11 11
5 6 h
7 h 8
61 7 2
3~7
2
4 3
1 1
6 1
X
7 2
Btr.
3 2
2 h
4 1
1 4
5 1
7 > A
S
6 1A
Fin. .
1 1
2 3
2 1
4 2
f. 2
6 3
7 4
8
IBettlnaT.
Jockeys. |Op. ci.
Jenkins l 9. in
T. Wa15h...... 7 12
E. Ross.. 10 20
J. Martin 10 9
Henry 20 SO
Phelan 10 20
Vittttoe 5 s
E. Jones 3 4
ndcx. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. . Mm. % m . gtr.
431 Maxello. 4 112 1 ... 110 i~6 71
653 Gold Baron, 4 112 3 ... 32 33 2 3
624 C. H. Har'son Jr., 4.ll2 2 ... 2 5 2*5 30
624 Romany. 4. ..112 4 ... 4 2 4S 414
6.7) Mafad.i. a... 115 5 ... 5 8 5 8 1 j<
642 Lulu W, 4 '.110 6 ... 6 6 6
681 Lady Helolse, 6 110 L*ft
604 P F. 6 112 Left ...
I Fin.
1 4
2 n
3 1
4 4
5 13
6
netting.
Jockeys. Op. CJ.
Spencer 9-5 5-2
Jenkins ....... 3 7
T. Walsh. 15 " 20
PigKOtt ..;.... fi 5
Henry 3 15.5
E. R055..;..... -6. 13
E. Jones.. 4 3
• Stuart 20 • 7"i
IThere la evidence that within half an
hour after Older's departure from Phe
ian's office Lawrence had been sent for
and shown the paper, with the remark
from Phelan: "Here is something that
will interest you." Lawrence was allowed
to take the document to his office, and
kept it until he had made a copy of it.
When the investigation commenced he
was placed in possession of the original.
When the investigation was resumed
yesterday afternoon E. H. George, a bar
keeper, was the first witness called for
the prosecution. He testified that Esola
spent much of his time when he should
have been on duty in saloons in the vicin
ity of the California street police station.
He seldom saw him clothed in his uni
form.
Defendant Esola was recalled and ques
tioned as to the extent of his education.
He said he was never a member of any
educational society. He had belonged to
cent in his trial?
Lawrence^ — No, sir.
McEnerney— That is all.
McGowan — Who paid Mr. MorseP
Lawrence — I don't know that Mr.
Morse has been paid.
McGowan — Did you not hire himP
Lawrence — Yes, sir — Mr. Esola is
to pay him. He is the best rnnrx in
this city in the detective line and
is the quickest man to run down a
conspirator.
Commissioner Thomas — Who, Mr.
Morse or Mr. Esola P
Lawrence— Mr. Morse.
McGowan— And you say Mr. Esola,
THE SHAMEFUL STORY
OF THE MAYOR'S PLOT
Continued from Page Twenty-three.
President Jordan Will Lecture.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University will
lecture to-morrow evening* at Grand Army
Hall before the Socialist Labor party on
"The Rise of the Common Class." The
lecture will be followed by a general dis
cussion.
Pretended to Be Mute.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.— Wiggs Niol. a
painter, who lives at San Lorenzo, vas
committed to the Stockton Insane Asy
lum by Superior Judge Hall to-day. Kiel
Is 30 years old. and for the last four years
he has refused to speak except at inter
vals. He was considered harmless.
HOW THEY WOULD
IRK FOR BONDS
FOR THE CITY
Senator Stratton in
Favor of Labor.
EXTEND OVER OAKLAND
LARGE COMMIVTEE MUST BE OF
REPRESENTATIVE MEN.
John A. Britton Favors an Increase
of City Bonds to the Full
Limit Allowed by
Law.
SENATOR F. S. LTRATTON.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 20.
The latest movement in favor of bonds
and the one that promises the most Im
portant resultti is that started by the
wealthy citizens of Oakland at the home
of Captain Edwin Goodall Thursday even
ing. The character of the men who took
part in this conference is such that if
they carry out their plan of enlarging
the committee and use their endeavors to
put the bond project thro-gh to success
good results must come.
The plan of the provisional organiza
tion that was effected on Thursday
night is to enlarge the committeo to one
hundred active men, who will give their
energies to the work in hand. Only those
who are determined to help the city and
the bond proposition will be Invited and
the committee will be made as represen
tative as possible. It will include resi
dents of all sections of the city, from
the new First Ward to the new Sixth
Ward. The committee that was appoint
ed to select these names Is at work now
canvassing names and when the list is
finally given to the public it is expected
that It will appeal so strongly to the
voters of Oakland that their recommen
dations will carry weight.
The first gathering was a purely In
formal one and it was got together as
an experiment. A few gentlemen who
had the Interests of tho • city.; at heart
got together to discuss the bond issue
and more to discover how the others felt
than to launch a regular bond organiza
tion. When they got together it was
found that they were all agreed that
there should be bonds and the only dis
agreement was as to the details. When
this was discovered It was decided that
they would form an organization and be
gin the work at once.
So the latest bond movement was In
augurated.
"It is simply a question of trying to do
something for the town," said Senator F.
S. Stratton, who Is the chairman of the
temporary organization. "The idea of this
organization is first to assist the City
Council with • the framing of the bond
issue, and after that to resolve ourselves
into a campaign committeo for the pur
pose of furthering the passage of the
bond act. This is a movement in which
every good citizen could take an interest,
for it means the advancement of the city
in which we live. It is needless to say
that I am in favor of bonds and that I
believe that we ought all to stand to
gether. We should be willing to come
out of our homes and work for progress."
tests will be continued night and day. and
nine inspectors have been appointed to
watch the work. Three of the wells ar»
being measured by a fifteen-inch aper
ture and the fourth by a seventeen-lnch
aperture. At present a great deal of sf>nJ!
Is being pumped from them. The pump
ing is done by air pressure, the power be
ing supplied by the engines of the steamer
San liOrenzo. which is lying in the creek
near the wells.
WARNS THIEVES
TO STOP THEIR
MANY ROBBERIES
Experiment Tried by
Editor Thompson.
UNIQUE USE FOR EDITORIAL
IRVINGTON HAS A BEIGN OF
TERROR FROM BURGLARS.
— — ?
Suspicion Bests Upon Some Local
Characters Whom the Editor
Threatens in His
Columns.
Rumors That the Whittier-Cobuxn
Company Intends Invad
ing the Local +
Field.
® It would be well for certain *
+ parties in this town to turn +
?; over a new leaf, that is if they
+ desire to keep out of San +
-f Quentin prison. This gentle ?
? reminder should be sufficient ?
to change their actions, for if
5 they do not an example will >
X be made of them. q
IRVINGTOX, Jan. 20.— This was the
startling editorial warning that appeared
in the Washington Press, Issued to-day.
It appeared boldly in the editorial col
umns of that paper, and has created no
little sensation in this town because of
the threat of State's prison contained
therein.
Editor E. B. Thompson of the Washing
ton Press says that he wrote the editorial
In question and that he meant it for a
warning, that the editorial meant just
what it said and that it was aimed at
some parties whose names he will not
give unless it becomes necessary for the
protection of the town, and then they v.ill
be given in the way of prosecution.
Irvington has been under a reign of ter
ror from burglaries of late. Many places
In the neighborhood have been robbed of
everything, from a revolver to a consid
erable sum of money.
Only a short time ago the Irvington Inn,
owned by E. S. Haight, was robbed of
$60 In cash. Later the houso of A. t,.
Wamsley was entered and $13 in cash and
some valuable articles were taken. Otncr
places have been entered, and the law
abiding town of Irvington has become
very much excited over the thefts.
Irvington is not an incorporated town,
and is the railroad station half-way be
tween Mission San Jose and Centerville.
It depends upon constabulary and depu
ties from the Sheriff's office in Oakland
for its peace protection, and this does not.
furnish a night patrol for the town. F.f
forts were made to trace the thefts, but
they got no nearer than suspicion of c* r
tain local characters. Then Lditor
Thompson took the preservation of peace
and property in his own hands and issued
the above warning.
"I meant what I wrote, said the ed
itor. "I want to give certain parties
warning, and if they don't take it they
will go to San Quentin. It Is rather ur.
usual to warn criminals through a news
paper, but I think this new method of do
ing police work through newspaper edito
rials will be a good thing. An ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure, and
if the suspected parties will take the n:nt
one criminal will have been saved. I think
it is a good idea and we decided to try it
THE BROOKLYN
SALOON. »*«,:
aEO. D. WEAVER, PHOPRIETOR.
629 East 12th St., Near 18th Aye.
requested you to hire Mr. Morse P
Lawrence-^-Not at that time.
McGowan — Then you got Mr. Morse
before Mr. Esola requested itP
Lawrence — I knew perfectly well
the selection would be satisfactory.
When the defense commenced its case
Garret McEnerney shaped his questions
from the unsigned document that Fremont
Older had filed with the Mayor about Jan
uary 2. Older himself objected to the use
of the document, claiming that it had been
given to the Mayor in confidence and
solely for the executive's information.
"When I handed that paper to Mr. Phe
lan," said Older, "it was understood that
It was strictly confidential as between
man and man. The Mayor so understood
It, and I had his word that It would *o no
further." V >
Pilot-Boat America Awaiting the Overdue Fleet.
THE pilot boat America was outside three days and never sighted a sail during that time. The pilots had hardly set
foot on shore, however, when eight vessels, among which were two transports, hove in eight and the America had to
at once go outside again.
friend, Lieutenant Esola; that he
would make an application for Chief
of Police, and that I hoped that he
would be selected.
McGowan — At that time was there
anything said by you regarding the
qualifications of Mr. Esola for Chief
of PoliceP
Lawrence— l said that I considered
him by long odds the best candidate
that could be selected for the office of
Chief of Police.
McGowan— Did you at that time
tell the commission of the experience
he had had as a police officerP
Lawrence — No, that was not
brought out.
McGowan— And did you tell the
commission at that time how long
you had known himP
Lawrence — I told them I had
known him for many years.
McGowan — And you gave him a
cordial, hearty indorsement?
Lawrence— l told them that I had
the greatest confidence in his integ
rity.. 5
McGowan— At that time were not
these charges referred to, Mr. Law
rence?
Lawrence— No, I do not believe
they were.
Commissioner Thomas— The charges
were not filed then, Mr. McGowan.
Lawrence— No, I think I said* to
Mayor Phelan that the Bulletin's
attack— the members of the commis
sion were over at the window —
McGowan— Do you know the date
of that meeting, Mr. Lawrence?
Lawrence — It was Sunday.
McGowan— Was it the 7th?
Commissioner Thomas — It was the
day before we took office.
McGowan — That is the 7th.
McEnerney — Mr. Lawrence, is the
Examiner interested in any manner
in Mr. Esola's candidacy for Chief of
PoliceP
Lawrence— No, sir.
McEnerney-- Has it spent a single
6om© time- when the Mayor was not
present?
Lawrence — I don't know. It just
happened so.
McGowan — How long was Mr. Esola
present?
Lawrence — I think about five or ten
minutes.
McGowan — Did you Introduce Mr.
Esola to the members of the commis
sion? Did you tell them he was a
candidate?
Lawrence — I did.
McGowan — Did you state to them
that he was your candidate?
Lawrence — I said he was my friend.
McGowan — Your candidate?
Lawrence — My friend.
McEnerney — This commission is not
trying itself nor Mr. Lawrence, and
these questions are irrelevant.
McGowan — Did you at that time or
at any time before inform the com
mission or any member of it that
Mr. Escla was your candidate for
Chief of Police?
McEnerney — I object on the ground
that the question is irrelevant; that
he had the right to tell the commis
sion that four thousand times.
Commissioner Thomas — What is the
¦use of asking the question, Mr. Mc-
Gowan? Do you consider it perti
nent?
McGowan — I want to show that the
Examiner
McEnerney — It is admitted that Mr.
Lawrence is his friend and supports
him and makes no apology for it. In
a few minutes I will come to the
question of what interest the Ex
aminer has in it. I object to this
question.
Commissioner Thomas — I sustain
the objection.
UcCjowan — Did you at this meeting
inform the Commissioners or any
member that Mr. Esola was your
candidate for Chief of PoliceP
Lawrence— l told you, Mr. Mc-
Gowan, that I introduced him as my
Pacific Parlor, N. S. G. W.. with Mayor
Phelan, but could not remember whetner
he had been expelled for non-payment of
dues. He had only attended one meeting
of the lodge.
Questions as to his knowledge of verbs,
nouns and other parts of speech were
ruled out by the Commissioners.
When this line of examination was shut
out Attorney McGowan attempted to get
an insight into Esola's knowledge of
police duties, but again the commission
went to the rescue.
A. M. Lawrence, after disclosing the
details of the secret meeting at the
Mayor's office, told that Mr. Phelan had
given him the unsigned Meader story pre
sented by Fremont Older. He took it to
his office, where a copy was made of it.
He said that he could read plainly the
erased lines referring to Esola's mother.
In contradiction of this. Commissioner
Thomas said he had seen the document
before Lawrence got hold of it and at that
time the erased lines could not be read.
"It was plain to me," said Mr. Thomas,
"that there was every evidence of inten
tion to obliterate the lines."
Joseph J. Ellis, clerk at San Quentin,
produced the records "showing that Esola
had been discharged from the position as
guard. E. A. Keddy, who was captain of
the guard at the time, was called for the
defense and claimed that Esola had re
signed and that the records to the con
trary were wrong. He had not mado the
entry, although his name was signed to it.
There were a number of other witness-js.
for whom Esola had worked and who had
known him as a boy, all of whom testified
that he bore a good reputation. The men
mentioned in the Meader affidavit as hav
ing been robbed by Esola or as having
been mixed up with him in various petty
crimes denied the truth of the charges.
Evidence was introduced to the effect
that Adam Stroh. who is now confined
in San Quentin, had admitted to a report
er that so far as he knew the Meader
statements were true.
Lieutenant Esola was again called to
the stand, and admitted that he, with
Barney Fox and. Thomas McCann. had
engaged in a quarrel with Guard Doolan
at San Quentln. and that Doolan in the
melee had been knocked down by Fox.
After another lot of character witnesses
had been heacfl Attorney McEnerney an
nounced that all of the testimony of the
defense was In, and that he was ready to
go to argument. Attorney McGowan was
inclined to let the argument go over to
to-morrow, but McEnerney and the com
mission objected, and he finally agreed to
proceed.
Mr. McGowan reviewed fully the evi
dence which had been offered by the Bul
letin and paid particular attention to that
which dealt with the close relations be
tween Lawrence and Esola and the more
than disinterested part played in the case
by Mayor Phelan. Commissioner Thomas
twice Interrupted him in his remarks con
cerning the Mayor, but McGowanjinsisted
¦upon his point and. although temperate m
his remarks, succeeded in placing fully
before the board the facts In proof of the
triple alliance.
Mr. McEnerney did not argue at jrreat
length and did not review the evidence
submitted. He relied rather upon the
character of the witnesses offered by the
complainants, and attempted to clou 3 the
main issue by alluding to newspaper con
troversies in general and the late un
pleasantness in particular.
Mr. MeGowan closed for the complain
ants, and the commission adjourned after
intimating that it would In all probability
make independent and secret investiga
tion of its own before handing down its
findings. Ex-Chief of Police Crowley w!U
probably be called in by them to-morrow.
Reception to Rev. Mr. Shaw.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— A reception .will be
given to Rev. William Carson Shaw, rec
tor of the Episcopal Church of the Ad
vent, next Monday evening by the Chancel
Guild and the Ladies' Aid Society. It
will be held In the church parlors.
f I
(Junket is the new house-*
hold world. a
a Dainty, delicious, health-^
nutritious. Served free/
our Market street store, i
Rule Flour t
* 50 pound sack 75c£
y Patent roller process. Q
\ Good— even for bread-making.
? Well-known brand. pOUnd 35C^
" Btiy enough to last you a year T
A at this price. A
Asparagus a
\ Good as fresh. ri n T rri
f VsoaOy ZSe. can JSCAJ 5 CA
$ Press Matches pkg 3^ci
A Won't burn your fingers. \
f Diamond Match Co. "a latest ixnproTedf
Walnuts 3 lbs 250^
4 Soft shell. Perfect white meat. A
oHard Tack 8 lbs 25^
a or pilot bread. Most bo healthy. x
7 Uncle S-am feeds all his boys on it- f
j>Folger's Baking Powder i
A irolden Gate brand. r.rtiT-n/1 i-ni
" Pure cream of tartar pOUUa Z5Cf
A powder. Regular 4Uc. A
Chocolate cake $ C A
\ Geuuino imported. j.
§ For eating or cooking. O
Evap. Cream f
A Standard of quality. 01 n TC\rA
f Simply pur«\ rich cow's <- <Ali AiJi.^
j milk. Sterilized and evaporated. i
i dozen $ c a
" Usually, double the pries.
JXibby's Baked Beans f
0 Dozeuoac. Prepared in .>- mr
\ the ol.i fashioned New Ltlu O*-\
W England style- -pot baked. f
Maple Sugar d
A Vermont. For - rnkeS TOed
" making candy or 3 »- cIKC:> -H-H-r
A 9yrup— or eating «» it is. A
Tomatoes can $ca
\ Dozen . r >.V\ Nonpareil brund. ±
0 VTe will sell them to you m
\ in any quantity. \
SPECIALS! f
6 Delivered from 511 9th St.. Oakland, f
> Delivered from 715 Market St., 8. F. \
? Harper's Whiskey \
W Rightly used rrolircn <fti rv\*
1 gives health and gallon 53'°°4
V strength. Reafular 3t'.)i. W
fSt. Lawrence Tonic Port f
6 Highly reeom- emiirm *7rnW
\ mended l.y all gallon J $C~
§ physicians :n sickness and a
\ welhiess b,th. Regu'ar $1.00. \
$ P
!T! T 715ilarket St. S. F. Shattuck Ay. Ferkeley\
Jth k \Vash:nfr:on,Oak Centra! Av.AUmedaff
U6T Broadway, " ;th Ss Wood. Oak \
Cantata at Christ Church.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 20.— The sacred can
tata "Daughter of Jairus," which was
to have been given at Christ Church on
the 25th inst.. has been postponed until
the Ist of February owing to the illness
of Donald J. do P. Teller, who has been
directing the rehearsals. The orchestra
which will render the music on the occa
sion of the production of the cantata con
tinues its rehearsals. It is composed of
the following amateurs: First violin, Ju
lius Haug; second violin, Dr. J. M. StaM
er; viola, J. Schuman: 'cello, Frank How
ard; double basso. Dr. M. W. Brown;
flute, W. B. "Wellman; oboe, George Gush
ing; clarionet, George Baxter; cornet, W.
H. Rice Jr.
TEST OF ROBERTS
WELLS COMMENCED
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— The tests of the
Roberts wells at San Lorenzo to ascer
tain whether their capacity is sufficient
to supply the city with water was begun
this afternoon under the supervision of
City Engineer Clement. There are four
wells on the property, but one of them
is not expected to give a very large quan
tity of water. The others will be tested
for nine dnys. at the expiration of which
time the City Engineer believes their ca
pacity will be thoroughly tested. The
Pro-Boer Meeting Arranged.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— The Pro-Boer
mass meeting which is being arranged for
Oakland will be held at Germania Hall
next Thursday night. It will be presided
over by Mayer Enow and will undoubtedly
be large and enthusiastic. The list of
speakers will be determined upon at an
other meeting of the committee to be held
next Monday night. Among the people on
the platform will be Miss Sannie Ivruger
of San Francisco, who is a niece of Presi
dent Paul Kruger.
JUDGE HALL ADVISES
HEIRS TO COMPROMISE
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.— Superior Judge
Hall continued the matter of settling the
estate of the late Sarah B. Byrod for two
weeks to allow the litigants to compro
mise. Attorney Darwin C. de Golia and
George Kelly both have assignments of
the estate from Frederick \V. Byrod, the
husband and heir, and it is their contro
versy which is delaying the settlement.
Judge Hall advised them to compromise,
and intimated that their duty was to have
had a puardlan appointed for Byrod In
stead of taking assignments from him.
He said he believed the heir to be incom
petent.
EMMA NEVADA WILL
APPEAR IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Jan. CO.— Mme. Emma Ne
vada, who as Miss Emma Wixom was ed
ucated at Mills Seminary, and who is
considered an Oakland girl, will appear in
a. concert at the Macdonough Theater
r^xt Tuesday evening. The advance sale
at seats has been very heavy and the con
icri. promises to be one of the social as
nell as the musical events of the season.
Mme. Nevada will be assisted in the
concert by Sclden Pratt, . pianist, and
Louis Blumenberg. the noted cellist, and
*he will render tnme of the pieces that
have helped to make her famous.
Husband Failed to Provide.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.— Mrs. <;rae e Km..v
Mullen to-day filed a suit for divorce from
Oren Jesse Mullen, alleging failure f>
provide. The couple were married fcur
years ago, but have been living apart for
about a year. Mullen is a deputy in the
office of County Clerk Jordan and owni
some property. Mrs. Mullen was well
known in Oakland as Miss Grace Wade.
Alameda Chapter Installs.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 20.— Alameda Chapter
No. 70, Royal Arch Masons, installed of
ficers this evening at Masonic Hall. A
banquet followed the initiatory ceremo
nies. The new officers are: J. A. San
som, most excellent high priest; J. E.
Youngberg. excellent king: M. E. Gair.cs,
excellent scribe; Oswald Lubbock, secre
tary; Henry Sevening. treasurer; C. J.
Hammond, captain of host: B. S. McFa p 
land, principal sojourner; Peter Christen
sen. royal arch captain; James Fowler,
master third vail: Reed Jones, master sec
ond vail: ,Alvah Sinnett, master llrst vail;
Henry P. Decker, guard. Philip S. Teller,
past high priest, acted as Installing of
ficer, and P. W. Barton, past high priest,
as master of ceremonies.
FIGHTING TALK STILL
IN THE SIMPSON SUIT
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— The bad blood in
the Slmpson-Nusbaumer feud continues,
and this morning there was considerable
excitement occasioned by a conversa
tion between Attorneys M. C. Chap
man and McElrath. It appears that
Chapman heard that Simpson had made
threats to "fix" him, and thU morning
he went to Simpson's attorney, McElrath,
to inquire about it. The conversation be
tween the two before court convened was
enough to Bet all sorts of rumors afloat.
"I went to McElrath to inquire about
Simpson's threats." explained Chapman
afterward, "and he admitted that they
had been made. I told him I would be
prepared to take care of myself. That is
all/
But although the rumors of a fight were
plentiful, the session of the court was a
very quiet one. The first witness thi3
morning was W. OB. Macdonough, son
of the capitalist who compromised w.th
Simpson and the holders of sub-liens, but
he had no knowledge of his father's ac
counts in February, 1893. Andrew Dalziel.
who signed the checks from, the firm of
Dalziel & Moller, showed by his books
that the sum of $616 80 on February 23 and
$400 on February 24, 1593, had been paid by
Robert Dalziel on account of R. F. Simp
son. He also testified that in February,
ISD3, ho had a talk with Nusbaumer and
Simpson and understood that the SI63J
owed by the latter was to come from the
Macdonough money. He was given to un
derstand that Nusbaumer was to see that
the Dalziel debt was paid, but he gai-o as
his belief that Simpson had turned in the
Macdonough notes.
Late this afternoon the plaintiff was
placed on the stand, and he gave a
graphic description of the encounter he
had with Nusbaumer in Thayer's saloon
on Eighth street last December.
"I repeated my demand for an account
ing," said Simpson on the stand, "and he
commenced abuslnj? me. Then we squared
off and Nusbaumer asked A. A. Moore,
who was present, to hold his spectacles.
We were separated before any blows were
struck, however."
Simpson was still on tho stand exam
ining and explaining the different paper*
In the case when Judge ColTey of San
Francisco, before whom the matter Is be
ing heard, adjourned court till next Sat
urday.
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
AT HEARST HALL
Mrs. Hearst Receives the Freshmen.
Series of Receptions Inaugur
ated.
BERKELEY, Jan. 20.— For four hours
this afternoon Hearst Hall was thronged
with visitors, the occasion being- tho re
ception to the freshmen class and the
members of the faculty. Mrs. Hearst,
simply but tastefully attired, received her
guests, standing at the head of the broad
stairway, while her charming niece. Miss
Lane, herself now a "co-ed." circulated
among the young people, tactfully putting
them at their ease and explaining the
many art treasures adorning the walls.
These consist largely of priceless tapes
tries and Oriental rugs, the whole consti
tuting one of the finest collections in ex
istence. Numerous attendants anticipated
every want of the guests in the cloak
rooms, reception hall and in the service
of the elaborate refection served in the
great dining hall downstairs. As to the
guests themselves they were very much
delighted.
The faculty was well represented. Pro
fessor Joseph Le Conte was there and
merry laughter resounded from the group
of girls surrounding the bent figure of
the great mm whose youth is perennial
in spite of his Increasing years.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler chat
ted with the "co-eds" and chummed with
the boys. This is another thing the stu
dents are trying, and very successfully,
to get used to. They entirely approve of
the new chief and like him better the
more they see of him. "Do you know,"
lisped one pretty freshman, "at the junior
'prom' he danced with the girls?"
Many other men of distinction, such as
Bernard Moses and Charles Mills Gayley,
came in during the afternoon, testifying
to the fact that the university officially
approves of Mrs. Hearst's hospitable In
novation. Professors were In the assem
blage who had never before met in social
intercourse any of the students under
their charge. This is Just what Mrs.
Hearst wants. She believes that the most
effective work is impossible without fa
miliar personal acquaintance between in
structor and pupil, as well as among the
students themselves.
Next Saturday Mrs. Hearst will be at
home to the sophomore class and the fac
ulty. After that the Junior and senior
classes will be received in turn.
The first of the Sunday afternoon con
certs will be given at Hearst Hall to
morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock. Admission
will be by card owing to the limited ca
pacity of the hall. The concert will be
under the direction of Henry Holmes, the
conductor of the San Francisco symphony
orchestra.
John A. Brltton, the manager of the
Oakland Gas Light and Heat Company, is
at the head of the sub-committee for tho
purpose of the larger commit
tee. He is very enthusiastic over the
question of bonds and the new movement
to help matters along.
"Citizens should" take an Interest In the
affairs of the city in which they live and
this is one of the occasions when they
can legitimately take an active Interest
in municipal affairs without being
charged with any politics. There ought
to be an organization to secure the is
suance of bonds. It should be comprised
of all people who have the Interests of
the city at heart. Harmony should ex
ist and the needs of the entire city con
sulted. This should be a campaign or
education. All classes ought to be
reached. I would go about securing an
Issue of bonds just as I would go about
the securing of an election to Congress.
I would have every voter, be he great or
small, and have him interviewed per
sonally. Circulars do no good In a mat
ter of this kind. It would be useless for
a lot of us to get together in a hall and
make speeches to each other. We must
do actual work If we are to succeed.
"As for bonds, I am in favor of voting
the full limit allowed by law and ap
portioning the money among the different
needs of the city. First we need the in
tercepting sewer, then streets, then more
fire protection, then a new City Hall. 1
am a crank on parks, for they make a
city attractive and add to tho assessable
value of property."
H. P. Gordon, the secretary of the tem
porary organization, is actively at work.
"Of course we need bonds. It is not
now a question of exactly what we need,
for that can be determined later. It is
first necessary to get the bond proposi
tion started on Us way and then decide
upon details with the aid of engineers
and men who are skilled In the work we
want. Then should come the work for
the election and that should be carried
on as systematically as a political elec
tion."
READING ROOM
FOR CHILDREN
TO BE PROVIDED
An Annex to the New
Library.
PLAN OF THE EBELL LADIES
A FUND TO BE RAISED FOR THAT
PURPOSE.
The Project Is Already Under Way
and the Little Ones
Will Not Bo Over
looked.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 20.
Xot content -with their work of raising
$20,000 for the purchase of a site upon
which to erect the Carnegie Lfbrary, the
ladies of the Ebell Society are showing
their indomitable public spirit by declar
ing that they will raise another fund of
JoOOO with which to build an annex for
the exclusive use of the children of Oak
land. The wing for the use of the little
ones will contain nothing but Juvenile lit
erature and all the interior arrangements
will be provided entirely for the benefit of
the youngsters.
The room will be provided with min
iature tables and chairs and the shelves
will be so arranged that the tiniest tot
can easily secure access to the books
which they contain.
Among the volumes will be everything
from nursery rhymes and picture-books
up to stories for boys and girls. Consid
erable money has already been subscribed
for the project, although it has hardly
been publicly exploited yet. and the ladies
anticipate i:o difficulty in raising the
requisite amount.
The idea originated with Mrs. F. B.
Ginn. Several of the ladles who are most
active in the movement to provide a read
ing-room for the little ones are in Los An
geles this week attending the meeting for
the formation of a State federation of
women's clubs. As soon as they return
a pian of campaign will be determined
and the work of securing subscriptions
will be systematically commenced. Should
they m«-et with the immediate success
which the members of the Kbell Society
anticipate an effort ¦will then probably be
made to secure an additional fund of $5000
with -which to purchase suitable reading
matter for the children's room.
Mrs. Ginn is more enthusiastic over the
endeavor to provide a place In which the
youngsters can go and enjoy themselves
even than she was in raising the original
fund for the purchase of the library loca
tion and she was one of the leading spir
its in that work.
When the addition Is erected she Is de
sirous of securing some famous artist
here just for the purpose of decorating
that particular room. When it is finished
she -wants it to be the finest affair of its
kind in any city of a Fize corresponding
with Oakland in the United States. She
is being ably assisted in the preliminary
work by Mrs. R. P. Gleason. Mrs. Wil
lftim Bostwick Curtis, Mrs. W. 11. Friend
and many other prominent members of
the Ebell Society. Mrs. Captain M. Simp-
Fon and several others have already sent
checks toward the fund.
In Houston, Texas, where the ladies are
endeavoring to raise money for a site for
a Carnegie library, it is also the Intention
to provide a reading-room for children.
They have already received a promise
from on* gentleman of that city of $6000
In aid of that scheme.
ARPER SELLS
TO STANDARD
OIL COMPANY
Deal a Surprise to
Merchants.
CONSIDERATION NOT GIVEN
>
END OF A BITTER FIGHT OF LONG
STANDING.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 20.
A deal which has caused a great deal
of surprise in local commercial circles -was
consummated yesterday when George W.
Arper sold his wholesale oil business t^
the Standard Oil Company. For years
Arper has carried on an opposition against
the big corporation and hi 3 success has
been remarkable. Now. when it was sup
posed to be at its height, ho has sold to
his old enemy and he admits that the sals
was most advantageous to himself. ll*
will not. however, give tho purchasing
price.
It is reported that the Whlttler-Coburn
Company Is building tank cars prepara
tory to entering this field and this la sup
posed to be the reason why the Standard
Oil Company was so anxious to secure
Arper's business. It is understood that
the Standard's bid was the highest of two
bids made to Arper, and while ho will not
admit that the Whittier-Coburn Company
desired the business to bettor carry on its
fight against the older corporation It 13
generally believed that that company was
another bidder.
Arper's light against the Standard O'.l
Company has been a most bitter one. bur
he has had the encouragement of the Oak
land merchants. In his light he found It
necessary to construct tank cars of hi*
own and send them to the Pennsylvania
oil fields. He also had to fight the rail
roads, as frequently these cars were side
tracked at points along the line and would
not be heard from for days at a time.
In connection with his wholesale busi
ness Arper for a time conducted a retail
business, which he recently leased to
Smith & Baxter. Considerable litigation
grew out of this lease and a J20.00Q damage
suit against Arper is now pending. It 1*
understood that Webb N". Pearce has now
acquired the retail business. Arper states
that he will now undertaka a business
venture at Cape Xome.
CLOSING SOME
OF THE HEW
WATER DEALS
A Big Stockholders'
Meeting Called.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE RETURNS
CONTRA COSTA ABSORBING TWO
SMALLER COMPANIES.
Eome Small Tangles Over the Arte
eian "Water Company and Ala
meda Water Company
Incorporations.
OaJiland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 23.
"William J. Dlngee. the chief owner of
¦the Centra Costa Water Company, lias
returned quietly from the East. Mr. Din
gee's unrxp».-ct<?d return to California lias
caused rumors of all kinds of water deals
:o arsr^, but these Mr. Dingee refused to
tliseufs.
However, a stockholders' meeting of the
<v>r;:ra Costa Water Company has been
called for January "0, when some very
Important deals will be finished, and it is
be!->ved that Mr. LMngee returned to Cali
fornia in <>rder to attend this ajid see that
his ptt schemes did not go astray.
There have been found some tangles In
the abforbtion of the Artesian Water
Company of Alameda and the Alameda
Water Company of Berkeley. Neither of
these companies has b<^cn properly in
corporated, and this makes the work of
transfer ot the companies somewhat com
plicated.
The purchas© of the Artesian Water
Company of Alameda nas already been
made by the directors of the Contra Costa
Water Company, and this purchase is
sought to be ratified at the stockholders'
meeting which has been railed for Janu
p.ry 20. so that th!s deal is practically
eloped.
The purchase of the Berkeley plant ha*
rot been completed an- the papers have
not yet been signed. There has been a
KTeat deal of surveying and preparation
receseaxy. and the uncertain condition of
the incorporation has added to the delay.
The agreements are almost ready to be
ripned. and an effort will be made to sub
mit the ratification of this purchase as
vei] at the coming meeting.
Then Mr. Dingee has been closing some
of the branches of his business in this
<'ity. He ha? turned his insurance busi
ness ov«T to Roseoe Havens, and has di
vided his house renting ousiness between
Bdden & Cook and Rosooe Havens. He
will, however, keep his real estate busi
ness In Oakland.
"I have nothing to Fay about my busi
ngs affairs now," said Mr. Dinpee in
Oakland to-day. "I have been looking at
thf water question in the Kast. and I
find that the water served at the WnJdnrf
-•Xstoria Hotel in New York is worse than,
that served In Oakland.
•I forl that there is going to be a de
rided advance in California real estate.
A prosit deal of attention has been at
tracted to thi< riaFt. ?nd If the people
fcere would only bury their petty differ-
finvs «na wurK for me common good the
Stale would advance."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
25Palace and :
Grand Hotels ;
For nearly a Quarter of a eentcrjr thm *
leading hotels on the Pacific Coaat. ?
With added imDroTemrats and con- *
veniences they continue to be the head- ?
Quarters for tourists and travelers vis- ?
Uln* 8&n Francisco. »
JOHN C. KIRKPATTUCK. I
Manactr. «.
?»?» ??
** '~u/* $® HAIR
\^J OH THE
V;«£ face
*X y^& PERMANENTLY
f%> REMOVED.
B. B. B. ENGLISH CAROMEL
Is Sold Under a Guarantee to Rsmove
Superfluous Hair and Also Prevent Its
Growth.
Ban Francisco, Jan. I, 1900.
MADAME HTOElA— Please accept my hearty
thanks for your letter of 31at. 1 am glad to
say I found the article I so much needed. I
hod tried the electric needle at an immense
cost, but it was of no practical value. The
B. B. B. English Carcmel IS effectual. It Is
a little Blow, but it is sure. Asaln thanking
you, I am yours respectfully,
MRS. F. HARLAN, 1333 Folsom st.. S. F.
WRINKLES, WRINKLES, WRINKLES.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Youth and Beauty pre-
served by usingr this marvel of the age. Keeps
the skin smooth, white and pliable.. . .
ELITE FACE POWDER— This powder Is
chemically pure and is a prevention for super-
fluous hair. : -
Free examination of the scalp.
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff.
stimulates the scalp, produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bright... . ¦
. Scalp treatment." ' ¦ -.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
831 Market Btre«»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Gray Hair -, r
# is a bar
No! Wanted •°"<"» i=
But there is relief from it. In
Four Days it can be Restored
To Its Natural Color by using
WM 4 " Day
<?^|PiHair Restorer
It is not a dye, but in a natural way
it acts on the roots, compelling the
secretion of the pigments that give
life and color to the hair — in four
days— s i a bottle, at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
EJ 1 Cf) That greatest of all dia-
kK i\ I X fienremonta of a wa-
tt S I ¦ ill man's face, permanently
remored, in the only successful way
-with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, aa
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
Wart*. Freckles, Moles, Pimplei
and Wrinkles quickly removed under
my personal treatment at my D«r-
matological Parlors.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST.
40 &nd 12 Geary Street, San Francisco.
Mrs. J. H. Follis, ForeieHy Miss Mary BeSi Gwin, in Court Costume Worn
by One of the Miss G wins of Long Ago.
have left on a tour through the Eastern
States.
Los Angeles
One of the most important weddings of
the season was that which took place on
Wednesday afternoon, when Miss Lyela
Edelman. granddaughter of Rabbi Edel
man of this city, was married to H. Hugo
Brandeis, a prominent young business
man of Omaha, Nebr. The ceremony,
which was performed by Rabbi Edelman,
assisted by Rabbi Hecht, pastor of B'nai
B'rith, took place at the bride's residence
on South Flower street, and was wit
nessed only by relatives and a few inti
mate friends. Miss Etta Jacoby was maid
of honor and A. M. Edelman best man.
Dr. D. W. Edelman, H. XV. Edelman,
Herbert Barnett and Leo Barnett acted
as ushers. In the evening a reception,
which many prominent persons attended,
was held. Mr. and Mrs. Brandeis left for
the north, where they will remain for a
few days before going for a tour of the
large cities in the Eastern and Southern
States. They will reside In Omaha.
Mrs. W. J. Hunsaker, Mrs. Adam Dar
ling, Miss Mary Hunsaker and Miss Mary
Darling gave a card party on Tuesday
afternoon at the. Hunsaker residence on
North Union avenue. The following were
guests: Mmes. Rufus Herron,, V> est
Hughes, L. D. Sole, C. N. Sterry, O. A.
Vickery. Charles Baker. George Steckel,
John Foster. William \V est, Charles
Silent, A. J. Salisbury. W. J. Moran, C.
C. Parker, George Montgomery, I. O.
Smith, R. Mercer. J. G. Chandler, Ben
Goodrich, W. Q. Nevin, R. Burdette, Cllf-
day last for an extended tour through
China and Japan. •
Mrs. Mary E. Hart of San Francisco is
visiting relatives and friends in tnis city
and expects to remain for several weeks.
George C. Rossier. who has been the
guest of his mother for the past three
weeks, has returned to his home in San
Francisco.
Mrs. George M. North has returned
from a three months' visit in Palo Alto,
where her daughter and sons are attend
ing Stanford University.
Mrs. W. G. Nevin has returned from a
visit to San Francisco.
Mrs. E. B. Leonard has as her guest
Mrs. S. H. Carson of San Bernardino.
Mrs. Dorothea Stanton of San Francisco
is a guest of Loa Angeles friends.
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Berkey have gone
north on a business trip. They expect to
be absent about four weeks.
J. C. Harvey has gone to New York on
business. From there he will go to Cen
tral America, where he has interests in
coffee and cotton plantations.
Miss Gertrude Ross has returned from
a visit to Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Newmark and grand
daughter, Miss Rose Loeb, have gone to
New York, from which place they will
sail for the Mediterranean and a tour of
Europe. They expect to be absent about
two years.
Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Johnson and daugh
ter left on Saturday for the East. Before
returning to Los Angeles they will make
a tour of Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Keeler of Toledo,
Ohio, will pass the winter in this city.
Miss Vyne Bowers has gone to Ban
Diego to visit her parents.
Mrs. J. W. Hopkins, Mrs. Augusta Will
iams and Mrs. Pansy Williams have re
turned to 2505 Grand avenue, where they
will receive their friends on the first and
third Tuesdays of the month.
Miss Harriet Wadleigh has returned
from a visit with friends in Riverside.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Meyer of Pen
sacola, Fla,, are visiting friends in this
city.
Mrs. W. 8. G. Todd of East Adams
street has as her guest her sister, Mljs
Ada Grant Jones of Jefferson City, Mo.
Miss Hazel Patterson, who has been
visiting her parents, has returned to the
north to resume her studies at Mills Col
lege.
J. B. Lankershim has gone to San Fran
cisco on a visit.
Mr. and Mrs. E. **.. Welch, who have
been residents of Los Angeles for the past
three months, have returned to their
home in Michigan.
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Pessel of Quincy,
Mich., are the guests of their son, George
Pessel.
Miss Delia F. Smith of Whitewater,
Wis., is the guest of friends in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Gilbert have re
turned from an extended Eastern trip and
are at the Van Nuys Hotel.
Count Mutsu, Japanese Consul at San
Francisco, has come to Los Angeles In
the hope of benefiting his health. - .
Mrs. C. N, Sterry has as her guest Mrs.
Lovell White of San Francisco.
M. M. Potter, proprietor of the Van
Nuys Hotel, has returned from San Fran
cisco, where he went on business.
John H. Gish has returned from a visit
to San Francisco.
Dr. W. w. Hitchcock, W. S. Boyd and
A.;W, Fisher have returned from a visit
to Arizona.
A. L. Brown and wife have returned
from a month's soiourn In Ban Francisco.
I Mrs. Stanley Richmond and children are
the guests of Mrs. Richmond's father.
Major Horace Bell of South Figueroa.
street.
Tuesday evening, January 30 in the club
room of the Y. M. C A. The entertain
ment will start promptly at half-past 8
o'clock and will be opened with a ehor:
programme. Ladies and gentlemen alike
have decided to attend in regulation colo
nial costume. The officers of all the local
dabs will attend in a body and all the
members of the Sons of the Revolution i
have signlried their intention of being ;
present in colociai garb.
The "Nyght Byrds," choice spirits of
darkness, an organization composed ex
clusively of artists and scribes on the
ncßppapers of this city, held one of their
i popular parties during the early hours
J Sunday mornirg in Hinman'b liaJl, 1412
j Poik street. The hall was crowded with
members of the craft and their friends,
who made merry until the "wee sma'
hours."' An excellent entertainment was
presented. Ossie Franks sang sweetly;
Francis Keane displayed his skill in leger
jdemain; W. H. Konrhar.d rendered a num
ber of classical selections on the violin;
; Julian Thome played ragi.me selections;
> Anne Kelly and Bert Stone, the prize
cakewaike-rs. gave one of their graceful
I exhibitions and members of the theatrical
1 profession lent their aid in entertaining
j these present. Following is a list of the
"Byrds": Chronicle— Merle Johnson, H.
1j M. Bunker, G. P. Parmenter and —oy
¦ i Yardiey. Examiner — Herbert Igoe, Max
» ! Newberry B. March Hare, R. E. Edgren
; ; and wife, L. Samish, C. W. Rcrhand, \V.
. i Mi'Kinr.on, Henry Nappenbach and George
, Aspden. George Murphy and wife. Call—
I C. E. Tebbs, J. A. Cahill, A. Methfessel.
• ] B. Lathrop, A. Bradshaw, A. A. Moore,
' ! Morrison i'ixley. Louis Levy, Harry War
. ¦ ren, Louis Hoenig. Arthur Dodge, C.
, i Swayze, F. A. Healy and R. Smythe. As
j ! Eistant "Byrds* — George Bradshaw, W.
; C&ntreU. Gordon Pusas, Dr. Young, E. B.
¦ Eaton, "W. Seymen, Julian Thome, H. C.
" ' Best, Francis Keane, Frank Keane, A.
i Little, the Misses Seizes. Mrs. George
- ; Bradshaw. Daisy Bradshaw, the Misses
t ; Foster, Miss Sarah Comstock, Mrs. Com
i stock. Miss Cantrell, T. C. Healy, Misa
Alice Cahill, Mr. and Mrs. Hinman, Miss
¦ Ernestine Coughran.
They're Engaged.
The reception of Miss Phoebe Wolf ond
Ellas Levy will take place to-day (Sun
day) from 2 to 5 at 632 Golden Gate ave
nue.
The wedding of Alma S. Wessenberg to
William J. Peden Jr. will take place en
Wednesday evening. January 24. The af
fair will be quiet and only relatives will
be present.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Ohlandt announce the
engagement of their daughter, Mrs.
EmrELt Jungbluth. to Emil Laoige.
Mrs. C. C. O'Neil announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Miss Maude H.
O'Noil. and Dr. G. W. Kieiser. Owing to
recent bereavements in the bride's !iim-
Uy the wedding will be attended by rela
tives only.
The < ngagement is announced of Miss
Ruth Ehrlich to Isadora Zeimer.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. N. Ohlandt announce the
engagement of their daughter, Mrs.
Emma Jur.gbluth, to Emil Lange.
.
Wedding Bells.
Berge&nt and ilrs. t". J. lobin announce i
the wedding of their daughter, Charlotte
A., to Fred H. Smith. The marriage was
celebrated by Vicar General Prendorga.st
of St. Mary's Cathedral on November 2o,
1£S9.
Home Gatherings.
A surprise party was tendered Miss An
nie Bastein Thursday evening at her par
ents' heme, IM4 Howard street, by a num
ber cf her young friends. A very enjoy-
able time was spent with music and
tames. Those present were: Annie Bas
tein. L<?na Marco, Nettie Hoyer, Eda
Windeler, Ethel Young, Mabel YounK,
Jessie Hamilton. Carrie Deppe, Henay
Eckfeldt. Carrie Mangels. Henry Eastern,
John Hamilton. Bernard Poetz. Arthur
Wistrand, Wiilie Haustein, John Stellir.g,
Allie Woodside and Charles Hintmann.
A very pleasant birthday party was ten
dered to Miss Teseie O'Connor at her resi
dence, 2515 Howard street, Saturday even
ing, January 13. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. J. R. O'Connor. Mr. and Mrs. R.
P. Cavanaugh, Mips Teesie O'Connor, P.
Gordon, Miss Cassie O'Brien. Thomas A.
Marlow, Misa Annie Cain, Thomas Ma
honey, Mis.« Florence Dempsev. O. Swein
fort. Miss Grace Smith, Will D. Hughes,
Mi=s Agnes Simpson, Eugene Gorman,
Miss Gertie Hackett, Charles A. d'Ary,
Miss Laura Hughes, George FitzpatricK,
Mi-> 3 Teesie Needham. J. Collins, Mlhs
Lizzie Blarney, W. May. Miss Kitty Carr,
Frank Gilson. Miss Mamie Sears, George
Hopkins, Miss Mollle Foley, James Mc-
Cormack. Mi?s "Kitty Galvin. J. Blarney,
Miss Katie Foley, Frank Peters, Miss
Carrie Brown, 1,. Boland, Miss Nelly
Rears, Joseph Fitzgerald, Miss Lulu
Lurch. Tim J. Marlow. Miss Laura Smith,
Bert O'Connor. Miss May Brown. George
Tilion, Miss Mamie Burns. D. Clark, Mis 3
Alice Cuneo, C. Hogan, Miss Lena
O'Brien, George Grubbett, Mrs. J. Mar
low, Mrs. Gordon and Charles and May
O'Connor.
On last Monday evening a pleasant sur
prise party was given to Miss Amy Schil
ler at the residence of her sister, Mrs.
George M. Axtell, 903 Filbert street, in
honor of her sixteenth birthday. Among
thopp present were: Captain and Mrs.
Charles Schiiler. -Mr. and Mrs. Feenv,
Mrs. Rome Harris, the Misses Edna Al
len, Florence Hyland. Maud Rossba«h,
Dora Saner, Annie Taubner, Elsa Ament,
Vivian Axtell, Amy Schiller, ! Messrs.
Henry Kalmbach, Harold Kelley, Milton
Clarke. Emile Antonovich, Albert Nich
ols, John Axtell, Charles Harris ond Mr.
and Mrs. George M. Axtell.
On Sunday evening. January 7. a birth
day party was given to little May Ellis
at the residence of her parents. 1215 San
chez street. The friends present were:
Misses Delia and Rosanna Land, Mrs.
Otis. Mi=ses Lizzie and Ella Otis, Miss
D. AFliv/orth. the three Misses Mooney,
Mi.ss K. B. Long. Miss M. Olson, Miss
Mahoney, Miss T. Cunningham. Miss
Athry, J. Lane Sr., Messrs. Will, Jack
and Tom Lane, J. Barry, Mr. Connors,
Mr. Larkin, Mr. Finn, Mr. Ryan and Mr.
Qulnn.
Mips Hazel Woods gave a birthday
party to her young friends last Thurs
day evening at the residence of her par
ents, 4231 Twenty-sixth street. The even
inp was pleasantly spent with music,
gamfs and an icecream supper. Those
present were: Misses Hazel Woods, Maud
Woods. Gladys Dennis, Evelyn Marvin,
Ruth Poo!e. Alice Ray, Annie Schrler,
Marie Schricr, Edna Ingram, Alice In
gram, Carrie Brunner, Carrie Huppert,
Charlotte Huppert, Emily Wynne Cos
grave. Raisina Isabella Cosjrrave. Lottie
Niderost, Lottie Johnson and Masters Leo
Prosek, Thomas Cokely and Joseph Nide
rost.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Willner celebrated
the tenth birthday of their daughter
Earah at their home at 1011 Buchanan
street last Sunday. Among those present
were; Alma Newman. Sadie Elkus, Lulu
Cohn. Alice Levy, Clara Meyer, Etta
Meyer. Blanche Kaufman, Gussle Leiser,
Millie Leiser. L*»na Leiser, Essie Basch,
Miss Josephine Kinney, Miss Estelle Will
nf-r. Miss Clare Brownstone, Miss Clara
Willner. Miss Sadie Oppenheimer, Masters
Louis Basch. Carl Basch. Julian Conn,
Milton Cohn and Oscar Pollock.
On Saturday evening last a most enjoy
able party was given by Mr. and Mrs. J.
B. Wheeler to their son Bert. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Wheeler,
Mrs. T. Williams, Miss Lottie Kennedy,
A3>VESTISE3£ENTS.
With the aid of a new trmurera . ruard
man on next Friday evening, January 26,
at the Palace Hotel. \, *
The R. K. L. will hold ita twentieth
party at Saratoga Hall on Tuesday even
ing. January 30. „, ¦
The Aldlne party takes place Monday
evening next at the rooms of the Arion
Verein. The club will be assisted by the
Piano Ensemble Club, composed of Mes
dames Salomon, Lund and Jungblut and
Miss Brown, Mrs. Cordle Savage, Whist
ler and Oscar Frank, barytone.
Personals.
Mrs. Horace Smyth, Mrs. I. R. D. Grubb
and D. Hanson Grubb left Wednesday lor
the East. Mr. and Mrs. Horace Smyth
sail February 10 on the Fuerst Bismarck,
en route to Egypt.
Mrs. S. Baum will be at home th<> first j
Friday of each month at 2918 Jackson:
street.
Following are the arrivals at Paroiso
Springs for the past two weeks: Robert
P. Troy. J. M. Taylor, S. C. Houghton. RJ
R. Ritchie. Frank Barrett. Rev. T. Lar
kin, Mrs. F. Barrett, Edward White and
daughter, A. B. Spreckels and John Har
per of San Francisco; Mike Peres. King
City; Blanche Demange. Edith Demanga
and S. H. Smith, Soledad; C. P. Bailey,
and C. E. Bailey. San Jose; C. T. Romie,
Monte Carlo; J." R. Johnson, Oakland.
Miss Ramm is the guest of Mrs. l.ukc
Robinson a.t her home on Steincr street.
Mrs. F. Schaumer and yon, accompanied
by her mother, will leave for Honolulu on
the Moana January 24. and will be pleased
to see her friends at her sister's home. 147
Thirteenth street, on Sunday, January 21,
from 2 to 5.
Mrs. J. H. Fisher Jr. of 3539 Twentieth
street will discontinue her day at homti
for the present.
The Misses Ethel and Ada Hermann
rCHICMCSTCFTS ENGLISH
ENNYROyty. PILLS
Tw t& B*"«^»"» *»b»tt»»tl*«« ««4 lmtte>
I » m S!TS'i.*r. r* rt t« I «*CT«s«l8s«sllala*
•AL^ y - Jt"*» ,**•"¦ V»'°°* T««lSMal»ta. *AlSr
an£r*tgim. tklrt«twCkeml«lC»,
skuri a «kte tv«, Miltism Haare, PtULJL. VX,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
building, 1170 Market st. cor. Taylor, room*
28-29. with the electric needle without patn or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to * p.m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making tht akta firm.
It renden the skin toft. wmmm^ mmmmmmm^mm^m
smooth, clear, white and -**vV isbj.i 5bj.
youthful. It li a liquid. A"¥3»Vl£a.
Any cream of the con- /iCSsv&XSwtt
¦latency of butter will <KVifc2»#^ssl|
stimulate the growth of rvSffiPSISX^SHr
hair on th* face. Prsh- VyH| St WcSR
man Toilet Cream !¦ ifiKf A iTmpPt
rua ranted not to do »x VaH&*V£SH&
AH drufgift" an<l at «4 IWEBJIBHfe^
office of A. W. TOAV- tSVmQBBQj*
These Switch Specials
Are Rare Opportunities.
To=Morrow Only,
$2.50 Switches for $1.00.
Come early — there will be a rush!
quihtonica. 123 Stockton Street.
Dewey's Six Thousand Namesakes.
George vv ashlngton la now hopelessly
relegated to second place, with Abraham
Lincoln a bad third, for having babies
named after them. Dewey did it. Th©
number of newcomers named after the
hero of all heroes Is up In the thousands,
and they are still coming— babies and
names, too. It has been figured out that,
according to the ratio In a country of 70.
000.000 people, the number of the admiral's
namesakes should reach about 6000 now.
Not only the boy babies are eligible to the
honor but many girls have been named
Georjriana Dewey and a few have b*en
called Dewlana. There is one in New
Tork called Dewlana Dooley. When th«
admiral reaches that city the Bureau of
Vital Statistics will have a rubber stamp
made, and It Is not Improbable there will
be a regiment of young Deweys In baby
carringes to greet him. Thiß Is another
of the penalties of fame.— Troy Times.
devoted to progressive euchre, lhe pres
ident. General \V. R. Shatter, presented
the club with an interesting relic of the
recent war in the shape of a Spanish of
ficer's sword from the battlefield of San
tiago This sword was offered as the first
prize of the evening and was won by R.
R Chorley. Among those present were;
Professor and Mrs. Elisha Brooks, Judge
and Mrs. Cooney, Dr. and Mrs. J. E. Cum
mings, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Sullivan, Mr.
and Mrs. E. B. Wiilcox, Mr. and Mrs. C. j
P Griswold, Mrs. Ellsworth, Mrs. Potts, i
Mrs. Hartwell. Miss Worth, Miss Harris,
Miss Willcox. J. B. Sharpstein, R. R.
Chorley and Norris Cummings.
The third hop of the D' Accord Club,
held at Century Hall on January 10, was
highly successful. Among those attend
ing this very enjoyable affair were: Mis 3
Elsie Hammersmith, Miss Bertie Joost,
Miss Grace Bruckmaji, Miss Lenore
Worth, Miss Hermanda Joost, Miss Ella
yon Kapff, Mies Regina Placeman, Miss
Clara Schmidt, Miss Alma Harder, Misa
Eleanor Meyer, Miss Emilie Neubert,
Miss Josephine Fratinger, Miss Bertha
Campe. Jt-annette Boardman, Miss Tudie
Crooks and Miss Hart; also the Messrs.
Harry Gates, J. Chilton, W. A. Hofman,
H. C. Lassen, H. I,arber, XV. Pla&eman,
Hugo Schmidt, Fred Antz, George Kan
zie, Walter Harden, W. Wightmer, James
Hayes, F. C. Meussdorffer, James P.
Whitney, E. A. Groezinger, Paul Wester
feld, Albert H. Antz, Dr. A. J. Sylvester,
Mr. Bunker, Mr. Klumpp and Mr. Hart.
The San Mateo Fortnightly held its
sixty-first meeting at the Hotel Mateo on
the evening of January 18 and was greatly
enjoyed by the attendants. The pro
gramme of this session was begun by the
reading of a paper on "Labor," by Georga
W. Dickie, in his usual happy manner. A
vocal solo, "When the Green Leaves Come
Again," was delightfully rendered by Mrs.
D. F. Walker, followed by an original
storyette by Mrs. D. O. Lincoln. A dis
cussion at length, by Attorney H. B.
Hlghton and F. R. King upon Mr. Dick
ie's paper showed much sound reasoning
and research by both of the gentlemen.
Miss Marian Cummlng beautifully ren
dered a vocal solo, "Mlgnon." Later by
request she sang three Scotch songs. It
was decided to hold the next" meeting of
the club at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
D. F. Walker. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. G. \V. Dickie, Mr. and Mrs. J.
H. Doane, Rev. and Mrs. D. O. Lincoln,
Mr. and Mrs. William .Dickie. Misa C.
Levy, the Misses Waldraff, Mrs. C. M.
Morse, Mrs. N. J. Greathead, Fritz
Dickie, Mrs. William Lawrence, Miss
Henion, Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Nolsat, Mr.
and Mrs. D. F. Walker, Mrs. Slsson. Dr.
E. K. Slpson, Miss F. Soule, Miss Flora
Dakln, Miss Cameron, Miss Clara Black,
Mrs. Hunt, Mrs. Parsons, Miss Goodhue,
Miss Carrie Goodhue, Mrs. E. R. Good
speed. William Bartlett, Miss E. Dlxson,
Miss M. Trolliet. Mrs. T. M. Edwards, the
Misses Edwards. Alex Dickie, Judge and
Mrs. Henry Hlghton, C. N. Klrkebride,
A. L. Hall, Sam Wlsnom, Charles
Roedel, Dr. and Mrs. Moore Graham, Mr.
McDonald, Miss McDonald. Miss Marian
Cummings, Miss Anna Dickie, C. L. Mc-
Afee, Mr. Bone, Mrs. G. H. Reynolds,
Miss Laura Reynolds, Mrs. Blgley and
Miss Anne Burns.
The election of officers of the Concord
Social Club took place Sunday, January
7, and resulted as follows: President,
George Alexander; vice president, Shyer
Seiigman; recording secretary, D. Bkoot
sky; financial secretary, D. Schwartz;
treasurer, John Seklorty; director, Abe
Relnhart, and sergeant-at-arms, H. Eng
lancter.
ln the Future.
ITh© members of th© Entre Nou». Cotillon
will give their fourth assembly and rer-
ONE OF ,
Every day some advertisement appear* fa
the dall7 papers containing the wonderful In-
formation that ugly-looking women can N»
made beautiful, and that grandmothers can t>*
made to look younger than their granddaugh-
ters, by consulting Madaza Humbug.
WOMAN'S
Most of the announcements a!w> state that
the Madam ckn only remain la the city for a.
few weeks. The latter statement la always
true, as she dare not face- her disappointed ar. t
Indignant dupes.
God alona can xsxk» you beastffuL and H*
has only seen fit to create one really parfsot
woman tn every ooa hundred thousand.
GREATEST
Whenever yon re«d an aaaooaecnest t%at
homely peopl* can be made beautiful or that
old women can be mada to look youns axaln.
stamp the whole statement as a 11*. aad tiM
author of It a humbug- who Is try tar to Maura
money under fals* pretense*.
CHARMS ,
Thousand* ef women can b« bm* oa tt>*
•treeta of every city suCaring from facial dis-
figurements that can be speedily aad «2ectnal!y
cured at a very small expense, but they ar*
afraid of falling Into ti« clutch** o; the**
quack beaaty doctors.
ISA
It Is impossible to bar* a b*alOt7 or whole-
some appearance anless you have a brts^it ey«
and soft, clear tkin devoid of wrlaklea. and th*
person afflicted with pimples, biackheada.
eczema, scrofula, or a hundred other ciisfl--
uremenU Is just as open to cessur* aa tha
creature wbo nsver takes a bath.
BEAUTIFUL
All of the** Ttpnlßtr* blotches, no matt-*
from what causa. I will POSITIVELY GT:AR-
ANTEE to remova, leaving the skin In perfect
condition.
COMPLEXION.
All ladies are ir.vlted to call and invest!a;a.t»
my new method. No Injurious bleaches ar •
used and tba treatment Is absolutely harmless
DH LYDIA STRATTOH-
507-508-509 PARBOTT BUILDING.
(OVER THE EMPORTUM.)
«=7=HE past week has witnessed a suc
cession cf dinners, luncheons anl
I dances. On Friday evening. Rt Co
** t::!on Kali, the Friday Fortnigntlys
h^ld another of their charming me€tinp-'=.
v. hich like its predecessors, proved a de-
Ugntful function. Reddick Dup^ru led
with Miss Mamie Jcsselyn. In the ftr.n
tot were Miss Florence Josseiyn. Miss
Georpina Hopkins. Miss Addie Murphy,
MJM Kditii Preston. Mrs. A. D, Keyes.
Vits Crittenden, Miss Mary Scott. Mits
Margaret Salisbury, Miss Eth«sl Cooper.
Mies Bercie Drown and Misa Baxah Col
lar.
0r.6 cf the prettiest dinners of the eea
6CX. was that given by E. M. Greenway
cr; Tuesday evening last in the red room
of the Bcr.tmian Club In honor of Mi^s
Ethyl Haver. The room was most beai
tifuUy decoratt-i in bamboo. cherr>- bics
eorr.s, Jarar.ese lanterns ar.d umbrellas,
with here and there nandsome potted
riants and txQtiisite flowers. A mandolin
oicncstrm played during the Fervice cf
C. *incr. Th<= name and rac-nu cards were
done in water colors ar.d were exce&tl-
ii.i-Iy pretty.
* hese invited to meet Miss Hafrer were
Sir. aj.d Mrs. BosseU J. Wilson. Miss Ha- j
r ft ills? Alice Hager. Miss Daisy Van '
\ees Mi?s Bertha Smith Miss Edi'.h •
t=:ubbs Miss Thomas. Miss Hopkins, Miss ,
Ecn* Hopkins, Miss Oeorgina Hopkins. ;
MIM Mary Scott. Miss Caro Crockett, Miss
F-dltß Mciitiui, Miss Carrie Taylor. -Miss
Mary Greenwood Josselyn. Miss Adelaide '
aituphT, MiM There?e Morgan, Mis* v;r- ,
g:r.:a JoOUXe, N. N. Wilson, Frederick A. j
Greenwood, W. N. Drovra, Knox Maddox,
Clarence Follis. William Sproui». Max
¦we'l UcKott, Walter L_ Dean, W. Frank
Gcad. Horace G. Platt, Frank L. Owen, !
Latham McMullin, Bert Cadwalader, '
tarnuel H. Boardman. Augustus C. Tay
lor Harry N. Stetson, W. H. Taylor Jr.,
Oralti L. Ila.thbon« and Frederick W.
A* delightful luncheon was given by Miss
Keith Stu!>bs on Thursday at her home.
£/•]& Pacific avenue. Covers were laid for
twenty-four at a round table, which was
prettily decorated with American Beauty
roses * Those at the table were Miss
Edith Stubbs, Miss Stubbs. Miss Beuiah
Brubbs Mis? Mary Etubbs, Miss Helen
Thomas, Miss Mary Scott, Miss Theresa
Morgan, th<* Misses Kane. Miss Ethel
Cooper, Miss Margaret Salisbury. Miss
Azalea Keyes. Mi?s Elizabeth Hunting-
V>r.. Miss Bernice Drown, Miss Katharine
Dillon Miss Leila Voornies, Miss Ar.r.a
Voorhies, Miss Charlotte Field, Mi?s Alice
Muilins. Miss Caro Crockett. Mies Mary
Grt-enwood Josselyn. Miss Georgina Hop
k'.ns and Miss Adelaide- Murphy.
TVn vour.g iadit-s. members of the San
Francisco Golf Club, have issued invita
tions for a Kolf dance to be given in the
clubhouse on Monday evening, January
29 Golf costumes will be df rigu«»ur, as
they were at the golf cotillon that was
so "successful recently, but the cotillon
•will not be danced. It will b« an early
affair, as arrangements have been made
»or special cars to leave the corner ol
First avenue ar.d Sacramento street at
X2:SO o'clock.
The hostesses of th» occasion will be
Miss Geoeviere Carolan, Miss Caro
Crockett, Mies Alice Hager, Miss Alice
Coldrn Hoffman. Miss Kdith Mcßean,
Miss Thertse Morgan. Miss Klia Morgan,
Miss Mary Scott. Miss Cora Smedberg
*nd Miss Carrie Taylor.
Mrs. Samuel G. Buckb«>e has Issued !n
vitatior.s for a costume dinner which she
will give at her home. ISO 9 Sutler street,
en Wednesday evening. January 24.
The next meeting of La Jeunesse will
take place en Friday ever;ing, January M,
»:,<i will be the army ar.d navy cotiKon.
being: led by Lieutenant John P. Hams,
Third Artillery. L". S. A., and Lieutenant
Emory Winship. U. S. N. Native Sons"
H.ill has beer, secured for the occasion.
Elaborate preparations are being made
by the ladies of the California Club for
th-i "colonial assembly" to be held on
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
STILL FURTHER^REDUCTIONS
GOLF CAPES.
Our extremely low prices In
GOLF CAPES have received
another cut
$2.50.
75 MISSES' GOLF CAPES, eon3e<3,
plaid hood, good quality, worth
J3 50. have been reduced t0....3-«-oO
c|)O«c/<3«
125 MISSES' COMBINATION CAPES.
assorted colors, former price J5 00.
have been reduced to *3.0u
$7.50.
50 LADIES' GOLF CAPES, n«we»i
combinations, beautifully stitched
and corded, they are worth 512 N\
reduced to 97.00
$12.50.
40 AMERICAN MINK CAPES, ruffled,
lined with good quality fancy taf-
feta, worth $1? 50, on sale at. §!.«.. 50
ONE-THIRD OFF.
MINTC, MAP.TEX AND FITCH BOAS
at one-third less than former prices.
VARIOUS INSTALLATIONS.
Those Who Have Pledged to Manage
"Truly and Well" During Jthe
Term.
There was a Joint Installation of the- of
ficers of General George G. Meade Post
and those of the General Meade Relief
Corps, W. R. C, in the Foresters' build
ing. The following named were installed
as the officers of the corps by Mrs. Flora
A. Bowley, past national president: An
nie Page, president; Mary Sweet, senior,
and Margaret Grundy, junior vice presi
dent; A. H. Levitt, secretary; A. M. Mik
kleson, treasurer; Kate J. Wood, chap
lain; Ella R. Waddall, conductor; Annie
"Wood, guard; Josephine Coles, assistant
conductor, .and M. C. Miller, assistant
guard. Alter this Installation Past Post
Commandey W. F. Hunt Installed the
following named officer* of the- post: S. '
W. Wood, commander; Robert Granam, I
senior, and W. H. Coles. Junior vice- com
mander; W. W. Freeland, chaplain; Dr.
Joseph Washington, surgeon; Thomaa
Matthews, officer of the day, and James
Minigan, officer of the guard. The install
ing officer was then by Past Post Com
mander Small Installed as adjutant and
quartermaster. The retiring president of I
the corps, Mrs. Kate J. Wood, was pre
sented a handsome badge In recognition
of her untiring effort* in behalf of th«
organization. Inen followed a programme
of musical and literary numbers and a
dance.
The officers Installed to preside over Superior
Lodge of the Ancient Order of United Work- j
men are: L. H. Kohn. past master: F. 11.
Smyth, master workman; Charles Jackson, i
foreman; C. Buckmelster, overseer; J. Rid- I
ley, inside watchman; F. O. Johnson, outside .
watchman. Deputy Nevlns was the installing
officer and after the ceremony there wu a
collation and an interesting social hour.
The following named officers or Sequoia Par
lor of the Native eons of the Golden West have
be«n Installed by K. M. Bannon, IX D. O. P.J
Henry Schefer, past president; Joseph F. Ty
•on, president; Dr. F. H. Crantt. first vie«
president; John H. Dumbrell. second vice pre»i
dent; Harry D. Pohlmaa, third vice president; ¦
R. D. Barton, recording secretary; Charles E.
Torres, financial secretary; A. Gudehue. mar
shal; H. F. Sengsiaken. trustee; Georgs J.
Stockwitz. inside sentinel; H. C Hasselbach.
outside sentinel; S. A. White, Henry Schefer
and William Goodwin, board of relief; L. M.
Barman, J. M. Lyons ar.d L. C. Pistolesl. di
rectors of library and readlng-rcom.
The officers of Inter Nob Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America, who are: ,
Mrs. Sophie Coyle, C. C. : Miss Mabel Miller. \
S. C. C. ; Mrs. Umma Astne? Harrington. F. P. ; j
r. H. Coyle. R. S. : Mrs. Lizzie Myer, treas- j
urer: Mrs. M. Errett. R. O. : Dora Shanna
brooke. L. G. ; Nellie Shay. I. G. ; Annie Gam
ble, O. G. ; Miss Emma Oalces. trustee, were
Installed by Mr*. Lizzie At wood, D. D. G. C.
C.. assisted by the molest member of Inter Nos
as grand marshal. After the ceremony there j
was an excellent programme cf entertainment.
Including a number of specialties. A feature I
of the evening was the introduction of little
Emma Harrington, who for the first time in ;
public executed a piano solo, and her efforts j
won for her much applause. After the pro- |
gramme there was dancing: and a collation.
The public installation of the officers of Bay |
City Circle of the Companions of the Forest of j
America was attended by a largo number of j
people who filled the prettily decorated hall.
The new officers are: Miss Bessie Borren. C.
C ¦ Miss Marj' Loryea, 8. C. C. : Mrs. Helena
Worms F. S. : B. Marks. F. S. ; Mrs. R. Roth, j
T ¦ Miss Fannie Wolmer. R. G. ; Miss Matilda
Godchaux. L. G.: Mrs. M. O. Gronowsky, I. G.;
Mrs. M. Wittenberger, trustee. The installa
tion was followed by an Interesting programme
of musical and literary efforts and coon spe
cialties, contributed by Miss Lydla Powell. |
Daniel G. Coleraan. Joseph L. Stanley. Master I
Melville Coakley, Mlsa Goldie Harris. L. j
Friedlander. Lew Harris and a cakewalk by
Miss Tessie Greenfield and Bennle Greenfield, !
Melville Coakley and Miss Tillle Jacobs. Dur- I
Ing the evenins Rudolph Rosenberg, the install- I
ing deputy, presented to Mrs. L*»ah Marks, on
behalf of the circle, as a token of appreciation ;
of the work she did as chief companion, a ;
beautiful urn. Then there was adjournment to j
another hall. wh»re there wu dancing.
The officers of Rcbln Hood Circle, who, with |
one exception are th» ones who held during :
the previous term, were installed by District j
Deputy Mrs. M. A. Duke, assisted by District |
Deputy Mrs. Jennie Weissel as marshal. After j
the installation there were a few remarks un
der good of the order.
Mrs Emma Agnes Harrington^ part grand
chief companion and district deputy grand ;
chief companion installed the officers of Palo j
Alto Circle, being assisted by Miss Aime» D. .
Bremtr. grand secretary, in the capacity of
rrand marshal. These officers are: Isabel
Plnkson. C. C; Sadie Mund. 8 C. C. : M-
RaDheld F S.; Rose Kaspar, R. S. : Mrs. M. ,
Jacobs T.; Leah Esberg. R. 6.; Dora Ehrllch. •
L. G -'Leon Pinkson, I. G.; Pauline Aaron. O.
G • Emll Kahn trustee. The ceremony was
witnessed by a large number of members of |
the order and after the work of the evening ;
was over there was a choice programme of
music and song and the presentaUon of a Jewel
and a framed certificate to Miss Belle Rapheld.
th« retiring junior past chief companion. The
evening closed with dancing.
The follow ing- named have been Installed a»
the officers of the Ship and Steamboat Joiner* 1
Protective Association for the current term: T.
McCourtney, president; J. Moulton, vice presi
dent- B. Westoby. recording secretary; S.
Graham financial secretary: -W. Clark, treas
urer" T O Arthur, F. Carson. R. Brooks, del
egate to Labor Council, and Edward G. Rhodes,
alternate delegate to Labor Council. President I
T McCourtney was by his friends in the asso
ciation presented a diamond pin as a mark
of their appreciation of the zealous manner
In which he has worked for a long time to ad
vance the association and better the condition
of its members.
The following nanved have been Installed by
Deputy Mrs. Ellen Fitzgerald, assisted by Mrs.
Jennie Dinklage as grand guide, as the offloers
of Aurora Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor: W. C. Hearn, P.; Llzxte J. Wheelock.
P P • Lilian B. Holcomb, recording, and Mrs.
l! A. RarP. financial secretary: Dr. A. S.
Cook. T.; Sarah Davidson, C. ; Frances J. Wil
liams, guide; Helena Hearn. guard; Emma
Sundboerg. C. of G.. and Belle Lee sentinel.
After the ceremony addresses were delivered by
Grand Protector Whltton, Grand Secretary
I Quitzow and others.
1 I The following named were Installed by Mra.
Frances J. Williams. D. D. O. P. as the offi
cers of Magnolia Lodge of the Knight* and
Ladies of Honor: . E. J. Stanley. P.: Nellie
Dockery. V. P.; J. P. Dockery. C.; P. J. Joyce,
T • J J Hicks. S. ; R. McLean, G. ; Louise Le
! motter. 'guardian; J. Donovan, sentinel; H, P.
Dubois C. of G.
The following named have been Installed as
' officers of Memorial Lodge. A. O. U. W. : Ja
cob Schelling, past master workman; Henry
' Mascow, master workman; M. Weisenhusser,
foreman; C. A. Harlaeher. overseer; James
1 Wallace, P. M. W.. guide; P. B. McCarthy,
outside watchman. After the Installation there
1 was a literary programme and musical num
1 ber« In Laurel Hall of the Shlel» building,
where the Installation was in public. Then fol
i lowed a programme of dancing.
The officers of Mission Parlor of the Native
i Sons of the Golden West Installed for the cur
rent term are: O. P. Neppert. past president:
Delevan B. Bowley, president; F. Tibbetts.
first E E. Glrzikowsky, second, and H. L.
A Maaa third vice president: Henry Koch.
" marshal: Frank H. Mills, trustee; George L.
1 Lone recording, and H. L. Hartman. financial
I secretary; Dr. J. A, Black, surgeon: H. Bilay.
'. Inside .sentinel; J. G. Fallon, outside sentinel.
; Grand Trustee O. R. Dnnbar was present and
spoke at some length on the state of the order.
Deputy Bupreme Chief J. F. Smith has In
. stalled the following named as the officers of
, Mizpah Court of the Order of Ben Hur for the
current term: Henry Behrens. past chief; W.
L. Strowbridge. chief; John Van Allen, judge:
• Daniel L. Dewey. scribe; John Caddell, keeper
of tribute; Flora Partridge, teacher: C. P. Oib
1 bons. captain; Martin Knuppe. keeper of the
sacred gate. After the Installation there waa
" a supper for officers and members at a cafe.
Miss Grace Scott, Miss Elsie Wheeler,
Miss Lulu Lane, Miss Agnes Lammon.
Miss Alice Hyde. Miss Gertie Miller, Miss
Mayne Carrol, Miss Mabel McCall, Miss
Ruth O'Dell, G. Smith, W. Taylor, J. W.
Cooper, H. Campbell, T. Gilbert. F.
Cowles. W. Lawrence. M. Thomas. R.
Clark. B. H. Wheeler, J. Reynolds and Ed
Mason.
The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. P.
G. Ostman, who were married in Sweden,
January 5, ISSO, was celebrated at the
residence of their daughter, Mr 3. Mary
Peterson, 1541^ Mission street, on Satur
day evening. January 6. 1900. After kind
greetings and many good wishes to Mr.
and Mrs. Ostman an elaborate supper
was served, after which a most enjoy
able evening was rpent in music, reciting,
dancing and games. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. P. G. Ostman, Mrs. Mary
Peterson, Mr. and Mrs. Freeman, Peter
Ostman, Miss Helen Peterson, Oscar Pet
erson. George and Blanche Freeman,
Charles Johnson. Mr. and Mrs. John Han
sen, Henry Hansen. George Hansen,
Master Walter Hansen, J. R. Olsen. Mrs.
A. WeFtelins, Miss C. Blixt, Mr. and Mrs.
O. Ohnstein, Mr. and Mrs. Bengtson, Mr.
and Mrs. A. F. Peterson, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Johnson, Albin Johnson, Misses El
vera, Sophie and Henrietta Johnson. Mr.
and Mrs. Sandahl. A. Olsen, Miss Inge
borg Olsen. Miss Maud Throsell, N. Nel
eon. Miss N. Bengtson and Master Ar
thur Sandahl.
Club Parties.
Th<-> Tuesday Night Club held its tenth
reception in Cotillon Hall Tuesday last.
The geraian was led by C. W. Iverson and
Mips Parkhurst, assisted by A. L. Lissner
and Miss Dibble.
The Michigan Club of California held
its monthly meeting on Tuesday evening,
January 9. at the Sorosis Club, 1620 Cali
fornia street The evening was entirely
ford Page, Charles Off. K. 0. Miller, W«
liam Hook, A. J. Morlan, E. P. Clark, W.
A. Barker, William Dunn. Frank King,
Frank Davis. Leonard Davis of San
Diego, H. B. Strange. A. J. Waters. Eisen,
William Strong. Willis Hunt. Call, J. C.
Brown, R. Weed, W\ S. Bottsford, R. I*.
Craig, F. Booth, R. B. Williamson, E. H.
Moore, L. Seaton, P. Houghton, A. Pratt,
G. A. Davidson, A. Brown, E. Fleming,
S. K. Llndley, J. Hill, W. G. Cochran. W.
D. Woolwine, H. G. Brainard, Huntley,
E. Pratt. R. S. Wilson. H. Bleeker, ' R.
Hunt, Stoner, Benchley, R. Horton. J. T.
Jones,. M. McCullough, A. H. Busch, P.
Thompson. H. C. Goodlng, John Norton,
E. Price, Plantz. J. T. Jenkins, Bradley,
A. J. Cowles. Kirchner, Edward Davis,
Soper, S. Briggs, Jack. Rowley. C. Jack
son of Kentucky", Hambrook. L. Tuttle,
Gwynn, Willoughby. Rodman, Bisbee,
Frank Kelsey, Canfield, Clacius and Sil
verwood.
Chief among the social affairs of the
week was the newsboys' concert which
was given at the Los Angeles Theater
on Monday evening last. Madam Genevra
Johnstone-Bishop had charge of the mu
fcic and Mrs. H.M. Sale disposed of the
boxes and loges and many orchestra
seats. Among the society persons who
occupied the hoxes were: Mr. and Mrs.
W. W. Never, Mrs. F. Lomed, Miss Fan
nie Morris and Helon Boothe. Dr. C. W.
Bryson. M. C. Adler. B. W. Taylor. E.
K'Bagley and T. Martin: Mrs. S. C. Hub
bell, Mrs. J. Bcnvers, May Ilubbell and
Wilder Bowers; Mrs. 0. P. Posey, Mr.
and Mrs. E. 11. Moore, C. M»qre and R.
Moore: Mr. and Mrs. R. \V. Pridham and
Mrs John Perk: Mr. and Mrs. John Nor
ton and family; Mr. and Mrs. T. Frank
McGrath. Mr. and Mrs. A. Fuesnot and
Mr. and Mr?. Ed Chambers; Dr. and Mrs.
E. W. Fleming. Mr. and Mrs. F. K. Rule
anfl F. J. Thomas, and (Jrover Garland,
W". Campbell and William Hadley.
R. S. McDougal. Miss Lucy McDougral
and Mrs. XV. J. Broderson left on Bun-
the bottoms of th» trousers can b« se-
curely held in a folded position around
the ankles, a piece of spring wire being
bent double, with one end Inserted In the
fold and the other slipped under to rrip
the two parts tog-ether.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, .1900.
I * P&^a w a^sMr^7^?ntsssßffßi i Wrw Vj^SflK
Miss/ 1 1» ffr?sl]OLflwJfiy A wv^tsßEWrßlE
bf I mm^^Mwttlr^^B I HBX S I • **•£ - ' " '- *-*'
EF M Off O mSm B V^¦P'n*ff^SM|W^Sg^^y y ji Tfi i<!KS"t^**S
26
SOCIETYJ.O'BRIEN&CO.
NEW STORE,
1146 Market Street, j
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Mrs. C. P. Tyler
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman; H.
I*. *Jrrard and W. 11. Spencer of San
Francisco are at the Herald Square;
Henry Herz of San Francisco is at the
Grenoble.
FAREWELL : : :
TO-MORROW NIGHT AT 8:80.
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
STARTING WITH
MATINEE TO-DAY!
THE EVER POPULAR
ATGAY
CONEY .
ISLAND!
GREATER, THAN
GR**ND«R » ¦¦^»ll
AND /VAORE PVFPf
EvenlnK— lsc. 2m: 35c. 30c and 75c.
Matinee — 15c, I3c. 35c and 50c.
NEXT— Something new. HIS BETTER HALF.
FRANK H. WOODS is about to erect a six-story building, with stone front,
on the north side of Geary street, between Kearny and Grant avenue.
Percy & Hamilton are the architects. The building will cost about $65,000.
It will extend through to Union Square avenue. The frontage on Geary
street will be 35 feet and on Union Square avenue 40 feet. The first story will
be arranged for one large store, with basement. The upper stories will be used
for lodging rooms, with fine, large suites with private bathrooms. Electric light,
steam heat, hot and cold water and good elevator service are provided for in
the plans, which are for a first-class lodging house. Metal lathing will be em
ployed throughout to make the building flre resisting.
Farmers' Wives as Clubwomen.
An interesting new club, the County
Woman's Club, has just been organized at
Lapeer. Mich. Its members are all farm
ers' wives and other women who have
lived on farms. There were two vacant
rooms in the County Courthouse, and the
women obtained permission to use them
as clubrocms. Each member paid for one
yard of carpet and pave one chair, one
cup. saucer, plate, knife, fork and spoon.
The club has a literary programme every
Saturday, and a meeting, with refresh
ments, once a month. The rooms are open
all day Saturday. Riving the members a
comfortable and homelike place to rest.
EDWARD ELIAS
IS DISMISSED
FROM THE MINT
Assayer Receives a
Sudden Discharge.
— — ?- —
PERSONAL AFFAIRS TANGLED
DEBT A1O) INATTENTION TO DU
TIES THE REASONS.
Did the Cocktail Route, but Could
Xct Pay a Domestic Wages That
Had Accumulated Sev
eral Months.
>
j^u wd.ru t-uas. wno occupied thf position
cf assayer at the United States M.tit.
has been discharged on an order from
\\ ashingtnn. Inattention to duties and
alleged reprehensible conduct in his pri
vate affairs are the reasons assigned for
the fummar/ action on the part of the
Washington officials.
The salary attached to the a^sayers
position is J2^J per month, but Ellas evi
dently -went beyend his means in his fr:-»
and easy life about town. His money
¦was Fpent ivith a liberal hand along the
cocKtail route to the detriment of many
¦who now number themselves as Kllaa'
\\ hat probably provoked the sudden
cismiFsal of Elias was the persistent at
tempts of Mies Jane 11. Malone. a do
mestic formerly in the rmpluy of the as-
Fayer, to colloct S>>2 00. wages due for ser
vices rendered last summer at Belvedere.
Bcir.g unable to secure payment of the
debt by ordinary means. Miss Malone
placed the matter in an attorney's han.ls.
Suit was brought and the domestic ob
tained a judgment by default. A ro-n
t>romipe was then effected, by which Mi-;*
-•lalone wa;s to receive her back wapes in
final! portions, but apain there was a de
linquency (n the payments. Annoyed by
ihis violation of the agreement, the mat-
Jfr was forced, and the authorities at
Wr.Fhir.frtnn were notified of the delt.
Following nut the strict letter of the law.
debt fnr necessaries subjects the holder
of a Federal position to dismissal from
th*> service.
The dismissal took Elias by surprise. Tie
claims that it was his intention to pay
th f s debt, as well as all others, but tem
porary financial embarrassment stood in
his w-ay. . . _j ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
The Weekly Call.
61 pep Year.
ROARS OF LAUGHTER FROM BEGINNING
XTO END.
TONIGHT
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS TO SIT BACK
IN YOUS CHAIR AND GET READY
-.. TO LAUGH.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Presenting for the First Time Here
"IN PARADISE"
AN EXCRI'CIATINGLY FUNNY FARCE
COMEDY From the French.
OUR POPULAR PRlCES— Evening. 25c. 50c.
73c: Matinee. Saturday only. CCc.
In Pre->a ration, a Charl*s Frohman Comedy,
•THE CUCKOO." WATCH FOR IT.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME.
'?LADY WINDERMERE'S FAN."
TO-MOBROW aapj^
David Belasco and Henry C. de Mille'a Beau-
tiful Character Play.
LORD CHUMLEY !
Which Made Bo Pronounced a Success at the
Lyceum Theater. New York,
PRICES .15e. 2Xc. 3Sc. SOe
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAr-i V AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 500 to n6O day;
15 to J8 week: IS to JM month. Fr«» batha; hot
andvcold water every room; or* cr*t«s la every
room; elevator run* aU uAiht. , _
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ETSEL BURT, Coasting the Chutes,
MAJOR TWITE.
Smallest Actor on Earth.
The LEANDOR BROTHERS
• Gladatorial Acrobats;
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
fBALLOONASCENSION
THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
EMIL MARKEBERG.
PHONE FOR SEAT&r-PAUK 3.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1900-CALirORNU JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing: Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. T&ar*-
<sav. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 in. and
12:3<>. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopplns at the entrance to th»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts: no smokinir. Boy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San I'ablo ar«iu«
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
to direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:15 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
EJ SUTTER STREET.
3-SONG RECITALS— 3
By the Illustrious Socrano.
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
TREBELLI
TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING.. January X 3
THURSDAY EVENING January 2i
SATURDAY MATINEE Jaauary XI
PRICES. »l SO and IL
SEATS NOW ON SALE AT SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S MUSIC STORE. .
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
JUDGE OGDEN— Reader. Newcastle.
* Cal. Judge Ogden of Oakland Is a mar
ried man. ..
"WITHOUT CENTS— Subscriber, Ban
Jose. Cal. Dealers do not purchase nick
els without the word "cents."
FIVE DOLLARS— Subscriber. George
town. Cal. There is no premium offered
for any 5i piece coined after 1534.
IN 1301-F. 11.. Alameda, Cal. You have
to wait until l>il before you can say that
you are living in the twentieth century.
NO EXTRA VALUE-P.. Martinez, Cal.
There is no premium offered for a flying
eaple cent of ISSB cor for a copper cent
of lfcl* 1 ).
DIXON AND SOLLY SMITH-C. H. 8.,
Ban Jose, Cal. Solly Smith beat George
Dixon in twenty rounds in San Francisco,
October 4. IS3S.
NO SUCH OFFER— Subscriber. Melrose,
Cal. There is no t^n-cent piece for which
the sum of ;:/!U is offered, as Euggested in
your letter cf Inquiry.
WORTH TEN CENTS-N. T.. .Nevada
City. Cal. A 10-cent piece of ISD3 coined in
San Francisco or olw-where in the United
: • • . is wvrth 10 cents and no more.
THREE-DOLLAR PIECE —W. D.,
Grays Valley. CaL A three-dollar piece
cf 1537 commands a premium of from 23
cents to fl; the selling price of the came
is from Jl to fl U) advance.
THE ORIZABA— H. S. C. City. The
steamer Orizaba arrived In March, IS3O,
m the V,xh of that month, at 5 a. m..
under command of Captain Blether. In fif
teen days from Panama.
CAPITALS AND ITALICS— J. X.. City.
This department has not the space to pre
test the rules for the use of capitals and
OPHELIA, in "Hamlet."
THE ENTIRE FOURTH ACT. MME. NEVADA'S GREATEST ROLB.
MR. LOUIS BLUMENBERG. Cellist; MR. SELDEN PRATT. Pianist.
POPULAR PRICES FOR RESERVED SEATS: g^&^wivfSSS
~~ Entire Gallery 50c
cn p/*i * | THE HENRY HOLMES QUARTET anJ CECILE HARDY Glv« Their First
OrLvlniL Concert at Sherman, Clay ie Co.'s Hall on Monday Nlzht. January T).
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON', Jan. 20.— S. J. Aier
rr.an. wife and daughter of San Francisco
B&d Sid Akerman of Stanford University
p.r<* at Th? Shoreham. S. Hlrschfelder and
wife of Sa.n Francisco are at the Arling
ton. O. J. Houk of San Francisco is at
the Norniandie. J. N. Monohan of Sa.n
Francisco is at the St. James. H. C. and
James T. Miller of San Francisco are at
the Vational
LAST POPULAR CONCERT BY THE PEERLESS DIVA,
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME, Including Her Famous Ro!» as
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, January 21, 19H,
OPEN
AND
SAPLING
STAKES!
114 NOMINATIONS!
$1000 IN PRIZES!
MUSIC BY VOX DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townaend streets 10:13 a.
m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets five minutes later. Re-
turning at 4:45 p. m. and after last course. San
Mateo electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
GREAT
CLIARAM Sill!
COMMENCING
TOMORROW, MONDAY,
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY.
All goods are marked down; many lines to
EXACTLY HALF PRICE.
Our stock is unusually heavy. We are com-
pelled to make a Great Sacrifice in order to make
rcom for our new Spring stock, now in transit.
Note the Following Remarkable Reductions.
LADIES' 2-CLASP GLOVES reduced to 50c pair
LADIES' SKIRTS reduced from $1:00 to 45c
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS from $5.00 to .$2.50
LADIES' GOLF CAPES from $15.00 to $7.50
LADIES' NEWMARKETS from $15.00 to $7.50
LADIES' GOLF CAPES from $7.50 to $3.90
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS from $7.50 to $4.00
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS from $12.00 to $6.00
LADIES' GRAY CLOTH SKIRTS from $6.00 to $3.45
LADIES' WRAPPERS from $1.50 to 75c
LADIES' PLAID SKIRTS from $6.00 to $3.45
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS from $12.50 to 55.C0
— — — — — — — »w- _
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS from $35.00 to $15.00
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS from $45.00 to $20.00
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS from $60.00 to ? 35.00
BLACK MOREEN reduced from 50c t0...'. '.35c
COLORED MOREEN reduced from 6oc to 40c
This is positively the most genuine Bargain Sale ever presented to the
San Francisco public. Remember our stock is entirely new. Values will
be found exactly as represented.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN EX.
...LAST NIGHT 0F...
DON CAESAR OF /RUN!
WEEK OF TO-MORROW, MONDAY JANUARY 22, 1900,
Beautiful Revival of Johann Strauss* Fascinating and Sparkling Comic Opera.
QUEENS LACE HANDKERCHIEF!
MAGNIFICENT CAST OF PRINCIPALS— OUR FAMOUS CHORUS— THE LARGEST AND
BEST ORCHESTRA IN THE CITY-GORGEOUS COSTUMES— FICTURESQUB
SCENERY— AN ALLURING AND ENJOYABLE PERFORMANCE.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GOOD RESERVED SEAT IN ORCHESTRA. SATURDAY MATINEE 25 CENTS
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE— EMPORIUM.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. 11. Schooler of Chico Is a late arrival
at the Lick.
F. W. Oakes. the Denver capitalist. Is
& puest at the Occidental.
W. A. Anderson, an attorney of Eacra-
KPnt". :*= a guest at the Lick.
W. IL McKenzie. the Fre.«=no banker and
capitalist, is staving at the Lick.
11. W. Walker, a leading business man
of Willows, is registered at the Grand.
W. J. Madden, a wealthy land owner of
Wea-vcrvllle. is one of the arrivals of yes
terday at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Carpenter, promi
nent rociety people of Sacramento, are
registered at the Occidental.
r*r. D. H. Rand, one of the bept known
medical m»:i of Portland, Or., is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Dr. and Mrs. A. I. Lauphburgh are
among the recent .arrivals at the Lick.
They regristor from Calumet, Mich.
Archdeacon and .Mrs. Scriven of Vic
toria are at the Occidental while making
a Ehort stay of pleasure in this city.
H. J. Small of the Southern Pacific
Company has come down from his head
quarters in Sacramento and is at the
Palace.
Samuel Parker has returned from his
miM-iTi to Washington and is a guest at
the Palace. He will probably leave for
his Honolulu home in a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse left last
Friday for Washington. D. C, where they
will lip the puests of President and Mrs.
McKlnJey. They were accompanied by
H. It. Cooper.
\Y. H. Sncdaker. who has been attend
ing the railroad conference in Salt Lake
City in the interests of his road, the Rio
Grande and Western, has returned and is
at the California.
Among those who arrived at the Palic*
is Charles Kennedy of the Rock Island
read, whose headquarters is in Chicago.
Mr. Kennedy has been attending the ccn
icrenco of passenger traffic men In Salt
J-ike City, and Is here to look after ihe
Interests of his company at the continu
ance cf that conference, which is to take
p!ace in this city. Mr. Kennedy will also
spend some time seeing- his friends, of
whom he has a host on the coast.
Rag AH Jtk cL \\ I XvAJSi>Aj Cl I i
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAY, Sunday Matinee, Jan. 21.
A NEW BIL ' L »SZSSIiSL?: R TH A N KR UG ER'3 DE FENSESI
PA PfIXITA R2TS
Extraordinary, jf ,#*^ M 111 1 a T^r£slchl ! r «*a.
In New Dances with New Electrical Accompaniment* ana New and Elaborate Coatumam.
JAMES 0. BARROWS
Assisted by JOHN A. LANCASTER AND COMPANY. In Thomaa Frost" s "TACTICS." Tb«
Best Legitimate Comedy Art in Vaudeville.
EDNA BASSETT MARSHALL & CO.
In a Slnelr.s Act. Realistic and Novel. Entitled "SUNSHINE AND SOKROW."
JOSEPH NEWMAN, ~HODGES and LAUNCHMERE,
The Famous Song WrU«vta Some of His Own ; , orthVßeaW.'Cre^t XX*
HANSON AND NELSON |~NELSTONE AND ABBEY
Danclnr and Singing Soubrettes. j EBgHih Crtebrttfrfc
" ~~ LAST WEEK OF
Js/LUIJEI. EiMIMY
And Her Famous Troupe of Trained Fox Terriers.
MATINEE TO-DAY SINDAV. January &
Farquet 25 cents any seat; Balcony 10 cents; ChiMren 10 rents, any part.
A Few Front Orchestra Rows. Reserved, 35 and 50 cents; Front Rows of F.alcony. Reserve*!.
15 cents. : '¦ :¦-• __^__^_____
AMUSEMENTS.
ENGAGEMENT CONTINUING
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B.HANFORD
/nd a Company of 37 People.
Tft KlfiHT Also Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
lU-nlUlll day and Friday Nights.
"THE WINTER'S TALE"
To-Morrow (MONDAY) Night,
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL"
Saturday Matinee "HAMLET"
Saturday Ni(?ht "MACBETH"
Sunday NiKht "OTHELLO"
TIVOLI OPERA=HOUSE
"HOOT MON" A BRILLIANT TRIUMPH I
To=Morrow Evening Begins the Second Week
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
Commencing at 8 Shaip Every Eveniag. Matinee Saturday.
INDORSED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC AS THE GREATEST PRODUCTION EVER SETOT
in the city::
A VICTORY FOR PRINCIPALS. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA!
READ WHAT THE PRESS SAYS!
C.ALT. —"The Tivoli scored the bliotest hit la th» city In boeis time. Tli» linjin* a fea-
ture of the rlay."
KXA3IIXER— "Superior to the work of Frank Daniels and h!i company. T&s TlToll
Company could not be excelled."
CIIKONICLK— "The Tivoli icave a much prettier production than that tlTen br Fran*
Daniels here. A» artistic as anything: wo have ever seen."
BI'LLKTI>'-"Thf Tivoli Company has Improved upon th» Daniels production. Tfc«
most laueh-at-able play ever seen here."
POST— "Frank Daniels never gav# a better production. If the opera had been boITt to
fit the Tivoli Company it could not hay« brought out more Rood qualities."
TO GET GOOD SEATS SECURE THEM EARLY.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
SIX STORY BUILDING
FOR FRANK H. WOODS
VOTERS OBJECT
TO NEW DISTRICTS
Supervisors Accused of
Gerrymandering.
Ereclal Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Jan. 20.— Quite a storm of
disapproval has been aroused among the
voters and taxpayers of the town of Wil
lows by the recent action of the Board
of Supervisors in changing the boundary
lines between Supervisorial districts 1
and 4. The line as it now stands runs
through the northern portion of the town
into District 4.
Henry Bielar, the natural opponent of
Mr. Bovd and the recognized candidate
of the town for the office of Supervisor,
lcsiues iv tnis portion of the town which
has been transferred rrom District 1,
Boyd's district, to District 4, Garnett's
district. It is thought that this change
was made in order to re-elect Boyd Su
pervisor at the next election. With Mr.
Bielar out of the way, Mr. Boyd's chances
would be much better.
The Supervisors deny this charge, stat
ing that this positively was not their in
tention. They say the change was made
In order to abolish one judicial district,
thus doing away with one Constable and
one Justice of the Peace. They claim it
was done merely for the purpose of re
ducing expenses.
Whatever the purpose, the act Is bring
ing forth harsh criticism both from the
people and local press.
The Supervisors provided that the ordi
nance changing the boundary lines should
take effect immediately, but the ordinance
abolishing the judicial district is not to
take effect until three years hence.
THE SAX FRANCISCO OALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
for italicizing when writing. You will find
such fully laid down in "Hill's Manual."
to be seen at the Free Public Library
reference room.
COIN LISTS— C. D., City. Catalogues
of coins or coin lists can be obtained
through any news dealer.
A TEN-CENT PIECE-N., City. The
dealer's price for a ten-cent piece of IS3S
is from 25 to 10 cents. No premium is
offered for such.
IN THE BRITISH ARMY— L.. M.. City.
The highest rank that a colored man
(negro) can attain in the British army is
that of non-commissioned officer.
LOTTERY— X. N., Palo Alto. The
Louisiana Lottery went out of existence
in the State of that name in IS9I. and
since then has been located In Hondu
ras.
HONOLULU PAPERS— E. L. H., Mont
rose, S. D. The Commercial Advertiser,
Hawaiian Gazette and the Bulletin are
papers printed in the English language at
Honolulu, H. I.
A HALF-DOLLAR-Subscriber. Sacra
mento, Cal. The half-dollars coined at
the New Orleans mint in 1555 can be pur
chased for 75 cents. They do not com
mand a premium.
SOLAR AND PAY OFFICE-M. G..
City. The United States hospital ship
Solar was formerly the Creole of the
Cromwell line. She is a vessel of SmK)
tors and seventeen knots speed. The
navy pay office for this district is in the
Phelan building.
A FOREIGN COIN— W. F. M., City.
"A coin the size of a 10-cent piece, having
upon ii t'arlus 111, 1712." is not a sufficient
description to enable one to place the
Mmc in the catalogues. Correspondents
should always furnish as full a descrip
tion as possible.
TAXES— N. N., Bowman. Cal. If you
owe road and hospital tax for 1809 the
collector can demand the same this year
and collect it aecordinp: to law. The fact
that you managed to avoid payment last
year does not exempt you from the pay
ment of what ycu owe.
THE WILMERDING SCHOOL— A. S..
City. The Wilmerding School Is located
at the corner of Utah and Sixteenth
streets. For requirements in regard to
admission, studies and rules and regula
tions call on or address a communication
to Everett Schwartz, the director at the
school.
CALIFORNIA CLIMATE-G. 8.. Twan
ton. Wyo. There are a number of places
in Southern California where the climate
is balmy and warm between January and
April of each year. If you communicate
with the Chamber of Commerce at Los
Angeles you will be furnished with liter
ature that will give you all the informa
tion you desire.
OLD REVENUE STAMPS-R. S-, Chico.
Cal. Some of the revenue stamps that
were issued during the war of the rebel
lion are of value to collectors. The value
of such a stamp can only be determined
when the denomination, color, whether
perforated or not and the quality of paper
on which printed is known.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— P. A.. Fresno.
Cal. There is no premium offered for any
5-cent pieces coined after 1846, nor for a
2-cent piece of IM4. nor for a 5-pfennig
piece of 1575. A half-dime of 102. which
does not command a prelum. can be pur
chased for 20 cents; €j cents is demanded
for one of 1565, and a 2-cent piece of IS6I
can be purchased for 10 cents.
SOLDER FOR BRASS OR COPPER—
A. M. A., City. Solder for brass or copper
is composed of the following proportions:
Copper, one pound; zinc, one pound. For
a stronger solder the proportion is cop
per, 32 pounds: zinc. 23 pounds, and tin, 1
pound. A soldering liquid for copper is
prepared by mixing finely pulverized cry
olite and a solution of phosphoric acid in
spirits of wine.
FOR THE TEETH— G. 8.. Twanton.
Wyo. A person who Is suffering from
ulcerated gums and is troubled with what
is commonly called "bleeding of the
troth" ought to consult a first-class dent
is-t. who will prescribe a proper remedy.
There are dozens of washes that are rec
ommended, but what might be srood in
one instance might not answer in another
case, and, in fact, might be injurious.
NEW JERSEY CENT— H. C. F.. Jack
son, Cal. A New Jersey cent of ITSB, with
date under the plow beam, commands a
premium of from $15 to $25. There are
several Issues of this cent, but as the
rubbing sent is not clear enough it is im
possible to tell what class it belongs to.
It may be one of the class that com
mands a high premium or one that sells
for cents. A 1-cent piece of ISO 3 sells
for 10 cents.
ABBREVIATION— R. B. T., Alameda,
Cal. By common consent '93 was written
instead of 1599. and some are now writing
'00 as an abbreviation of 1900, even some
postoffice stamps have '00. but that cer
tainly is not correct, that is in the strict
tense of the idea to be conveyed. A
writer who wishes to be right should un
der all circumstances express the year in
full. It takes but a moment to do so and
then there cannot be any misunderstand
ing of what the writer means.
BUCKNER. AT FORT DONELSON—
I. L., City. During the war of the Re
bellion the Confederacy decided to defend
Nashville from an attack by Grant by
making a stand at Fort Donelson. Three
chiefs of brigade— John B. Floyd. Gideon
J. Pillow and Simon B. Buckner— were
intrusted with that duty. Pillow reached
the fort February 9. 1562. Buckner on the
night of the 11th and Floyd on the 13th,
and being the senior officer took com
mand. Toward the end of the battle,
which resulted in the capture of the fort
by the Union forces. Pillow and Floyd
left and Buckner remained in command
and surrendered to Giant.
BIG GUNS— TV. G. S., City. The arma
ment of the Oregon is twenty six-pound
ers, rapid fire; six one-pounders, rapid
fire, and four Catlings in the secondary
battery; and four thlrteen-lnch breech
loading rifled suns, eight-inch and
four six-inch guns of the same character
In the main battery. The Monterey has
in the main battery two twelve-Inch
breech-loading rltles and two ten-inch
breech-loading rifles. In the secondary
batttry six Fix-pounders, rapid lire, four
GatlinKs and four one-pounders. The
Kiins "Big Betsy" and "Alice" on the
Monterey are twelve-Inch guns.
BATTERIES-R. G., East Oakland. Cal.
The following is given as the method for
charging dry batteries: Charcoal, three
parts; mineral carbon or graphite, one
part; peroxide of manganese, three parts;
lime hydrate, one part; white arsenic (ox
ide), one part, and a mixture of glucose,
and dextrine or starch, one part: all by
weight. These are intimately mixed dry
and then worked into a paste or proper
consistency with a fluid solution com
posed of equal parts of saturated solution
of ammonium and chloride of sodium in
water, to which is added one-tenth vol
ume of a solution of bichloride of mer
cury and an equal volume of hydrochloric
acid. The fluid is added gradually and
the mass well worked up.
FrtANCO - PRUSSIAN WAR — Sub
scriber. San Jose, Cal. In the Franco-
Prussian war France lost 350,000 men and
incurred an enormous debt. Germany lost
about 100,000 men. The cost of the war to
France was: War expenses, 1,315.000.000
francs; indemnity to Germany, 5,315.000.000
francs: sustenance of German troops,
240.000.000 francs; Indemnity to depart
ments invaded. 1 .457 ,000.000 francs; loss of
revenue during the war and revenue of
Alsace and Lorraine, 2,024.000,000 francs;
reconstitutlon of war material, 2,144,000,00.)
francs; military pensions, etc., 1,314,000.000
francs; total. 13.939.000.000 francs. For ad
ditional information see encyclopedias and
histories of the Franco-Prussian war to
be found in the libraries.
COMMON PARTNERS-S., City. If a
man was a partner in two different firms,
and firm No. 1 borrowed money from firm
No. 2 and in time firm No. 1 could not
meet the note given when it became due,
the remedy for firm No. 2 to commence an
action Is laid down In "The American and
English Encyclopedia of Law," and the
position taken Is supported by many au
thorities. The language Is: "As the same
party cannot be both plaintiff and defend
ant in an action, one nrm cannot maintain
an action at law against another firm
when the two firms have common mem
bers, and the fact that the claim is a
single demand and not a general balance
makes no difference. But when the claim
Is for a fixed amount after arrangement
with the creditor firm, the assignee may
recover on an action at law. So where all
notes are considered as Joint and several
the one firm may cue the other upon such
claims by omitting to make the common
partner defendant, and the rule does not
apply to a promise or obligation given by
a nrm to a member of another firm having
other members common to both firms."
In equity, however, and under the codes
which administer equitable and legal
remedies without distinction such action
may be maintained in much the same way
as though they were legal distinct bodies.
And in bankruptcy or insolvency proceed
ings the solvent partners of the creditor
firm may prove their claims and realize
upon them as though there were no com
mon partners.
A CAUL— M. H.. City. According to
superstition, a child born with a caul or
veil over its face is said to be lucky. It
was from the earliest ages and even down
to the present day a popular belief that
a child so born would be very fortunate
and that the caul brought fortune to the
one purchasing it. This superstition was
so common in the early church that St.
Chrysostom felt it his duty to inveigh
against It In many of his homilies. In
later times midwlves sold cauls to advo
cates at enormous prices as "an especial
means of making them eloquent," and to
seamen as an Infallible preservative
against drowning. It was supposed also
that the health of the peraQn born with It
could be told by the caul. If tlrm and
crisp it betokened good health: but if re
laxed and flaccid, sickness or death. Dur
ing the eighteenth century it was common
to find advertisements In English news
papers of cauls offered for sale at prices
varying from $30 to $150. As late as May
8, 1848, there appeared in the London
Times an advertisement of a caul for six
guineas, "which was afloat with its late
owner for thirty years In all the perils of
the sea. and the owner died at last at the
place of his birth."
CHILDREN OF CITIZENS— Reader.
Blsbee, Cal. "The children of persons
who have been naturalized citizens of the
United States, being under the age of 21
at the time of the naturalization of par
ents, shall, If dwelling in the United
States, be considered as citizens thereof."
The language given is from the United
States naturalization laws. The same
laws also say: "The children of persons
who are now or have been citizens of the
United States, are, though born out of
limits and Jurisdiction of the United
States, considered as citizens thereof."
OLYMFJA c E o D »°X.556»
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
BIGGEST AND BEST BILL EVER OFFERED
Great European Importation.
MLLE. THELMA,
In Poses Plastique.
HARRY DE LAIN,
The Male Anna Held.
U/ILL H HILL,
King of the High Wire.
ZOTARRA, CAD WILSOX und a Host of
First-class Artists.
A 110,000 Belt and Chatelaine belonging to
Cad Wilson can be seen in the show windows
of the Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844-S4S Market st.
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
27l_s FIIAXCISCO CALL.
ETTEINEFS OFFICE cf the Fan F"rane!«eo
Ca:i. cr— .er Of Market and Third streets, open
t— tM 12 o'clock every r.teht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I~ Mcntgcmery street,
ecrner Clay; cpen until S:3O p. ra.
SW llayp* rtrcpt; open until 5:25 p. ra.
f3S McAllister etreet; cpen until 3:30 p. m.
flB Lerkin slrwt; rpen until J:M p. m.
1541 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
_C 1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.t'.l i jr. in.
IIP 6 Elereath rtwt: open ur.til It. n.
JCP6 Valencia etreet: cr~ ~=tll 9 p. in .
ISI Polk etreet: epen iintil t p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-eeccnd a_3 Ken-
tucky rwerts; cptn ur.til S p. m.
cnincu services.
_ I At The s— !akoe?s' Sabbath HO-1
J f ('*?) Ho»#J St. Metiiodist-Epwxr*,
I p O.'-ich 3ct. ad &ii Sts. SeaSiFr— .
' I Rev. Dt. John A. B. Wilson, Pas'cr
Jfjr ijTj Res. Tv the Church. Tel. Black 9ft.
I^s is VJ XT' ft ft ~.for_b'.e seat )
LLLr * T-iLt Afi! luneous greeting > Await >«t
{-. ' /»: j-j UUriialu-elcoire 3
•A* 1 Phi :•¦• -"• a ra.— "A Problem of Chris-
|*!C3R;-*- * :an P*"~s_": anthem: offer-
tOHSwt 'j*l torv . <3a «' t - "I &' a Goldtn Sun-
____#*•-— 1 beam Fall" (Leslie*, the Misses
AxtneUie ar.d Pearl VThitting-ton. _:30— S.
6. and £lrans»rs' Bible C— — «_. t:S3 — Open-air
me^tinjr. €.15 — Epworth League. 7:30 — Re-
vival ten -ice and sermon; anthems and of-
fertory. "Songs of Faith" (Martin Schultr);
quartet— Mix* Ethel Perkins. Dr. I>. H. Noble.
Mr. Frank Maybe— y -nd Mr. Hilton. After
— rating.
CENTENARY M. E. Church Fouth. Bush St..
I bet. ' , ... . and Octavia— Rev. J. E. Moore.
pa"or. Preaching at 11 o'clock a. m. Spe-
cial music by quartet choir. Evening service
nt T:23 o'clock. Muf!* 1 y chorus choir. Seats
free. All are cordially Invited. Epworth
Learue meeting at t:5O p. m. Sunday-school
at >:«; a. m.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Gt-ary st_— Rev. John H«-~ phlll. D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:20 r- m.
In the evening evangelistic tervlc* and *>v_n-
«relistic mufi<-. Topic. "Three op*-n Doorf."
KIRST Contrepatlcnal Church, ccr. Pest ar.d !
IM— son st*. — Rev. George C. Adams, H.IK. :
pastor, w:ll preach at both service*. At 11
«t. m.. thenr 1 . "The Attributes of Ood." At >
7:30 p. — .. theme. "Bless Them Teat Curse !
You.' Ail are cordially invited.
FIRFT Church cf Christ. Sci«-r.tißt. Centra! !
Mock. _J sutt*r «., bet. Kearny tt. and |
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson at ;
31 a. a. Eubject, "Love." Sunday-school for \
children et the earn e hour. Wednesday even-
Ing meetirjf at S o'clock. All are welcome, j
REORGANIZED Church of Jerua Christ. S2O
iPost «- I're-chlr.g et Jl a. m. and 7.30 p. m.
Morning- eenncn by F. B. Blair. This church
« lalms to be founded upon divine revelation,
the expressed desire cf God with respect to
his will _¦ to what men ourht to do to please |
him and accomplish the beet results for man.
C. A- Parkin, pastor.
THE Flrrt Divine Science Church— M. E.
ICra— er. pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject, "Practical Use cf Divine Science." Serv-
ice every Sunday In Yosemite Hall. Native
S'tt' building. Mason et.. bet. Geary -nd
lt*t: take elevator.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis'
IFts. — Mafii-me^tlng fcr men t.r.ly to-day at 3
o'clock. Mr. Frederick Thomas, a prominent
merchant cf Denver, will ept-ak on personal
reminiscence* cf the work of the late V. L.
Motpdy. Good slnjring. All young men wel-
fOffit.
HALL cf Israel* Hope. 12224 Howard rt. S^ng
•ervice and singing of ••Tehlllm" la Er.gl'jih
at 2p. m. Preachir.s service with address on
"The Shepherd of Israel," by Rev. M. Ber-
rovltx, «.t 7:43 p. m. Everybody Is cordially
Jr.vlte£. Scats are frt-e. •
DR. P. BRETT MORGAN preaches every Sun-
_ay for the Advent Christian Church, on
Church et.. bet. Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth,
-t U a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
THE Theof«i.hlc_l Society— Public lecture to-
night In Th«v.-f-ophic Hall. Oid Fellows' tm!_-
lng. "My Lady's Tumbler," by Mr. Charles
P. Nlelfon. Golden «'t:ain. 11 a. ra.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
FREE lecture this evening at S o'clock on "The
Jr.r'.'j^n'.e of <_\:mst<? on the Human liao*>." by
Zir. J. I>ix-w K<-rean of l>ri.. X.. & X.'s Elec-
tric Sanitarium, Crystal Hall. Pythian Cas-
tie. MS Market el. : followed by magnificent
views in many lands. Those _tten3ir.p the
lecture n_y procure frre tickets to the X I_ur
?•xhibition tt the sanitarium, corner of Mar-
ket ar.il M_son su.. Tuesday evening next.
COCIETT of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
<ietit_l Hall. ccr. Larkir. ard McAllister. Sun-
day at 7:Cu p. m.: tp^aker, Mrs. IV. S- L'.Ule;
•übject, "The Search for Happiness." First
Spiritual Ladle*' Aid nt-cktie aii<l apron social
and dance, Friday evening, January it.
AT DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. S-vS Market—
11-3. free: S. 10c: Mrs. Seeley. Vlgers . Renne.
Green; ail tests at 1 p. m. ; Or.traJ Lyceum la
Crusade HaJl; Mr. Ceilings, director.
KATIE EEUSSMANN re-oved to 25 Grand
rt.. bet. Mission end Howard, Mh and 10th:
ritUngß daily; cymbal te*t circles Friday
eve-ning fcr - short time only.
_£ME. EIlEP.HAP.DT— Spiritual t— t meeting*.
f":» p. m . ; 19c 2250 Twenty-second et., be-
tween Valencia and Mission.
AT Friendship Hall, 225 McAllister; tests to-
ctijrht, 10c; circle* every night. Mrs. Meyer,
Giillngha. at.
CIIILIHiEN'S Prog— *s!ve Lyceum and Free
Spiritual Libr—T, MJ Market. 10-30; subject,
"gv-pat-r."
II ME. YOfNG, GO3 McAlliEter. Omor.rtration
at rplrlt return to-nipht, 10c; come skeptics.
ARNOLD and liickson both rive teeta to-night:
10c; Bpcaiir.g ar.d music 14S Sixth Et. . rm. 1.
C. V. JIILLEIi'S tiherealizins materializing
eeance; 6 p. m. 40S Leavenworth et. ; Coc.
MRS. MARY EVANP-SiUings daily; circles at
2 and kp. in.; also Monday eve. 14: Sixth Et.
AT ;17 Larkln r\.. t«"Rt meettnc: Mrae*. Wrenn.
Wlnriow , f~l hf « fhl Fisher; sood music.
_itS. WINCH KSTER, ISIO Cay. circle to-night,
8; T_e«!ay, 2p. m .; consultation dally.
MRS. MENA FRANCIS, independent tlate
— ritirig medium. 1H Haight tt.
CARLES Beance to-night. ( o'clock. ISO Ellla
strict.
MEETlNGS— tnlvrrsal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America, £19 Mar-
ket et.— Lecture to-night. "The Second
Death." by Dr. Jerome A. Andern on; Inter-
national Uroth«*rhood Ix>_gue Tuesday night;
rubjert. "Our Prison?."
HE-TING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lories No. 123, F. and A.- »
M.— <">lflf«*rs and members are request- _J%__
«^1 to attend the funeral of Brother TTJC
WILLIAM SAKS STANLEY. late of/V>
I*j-th_gorea.n Lodge No. 7S of CJretnwich,
Kryrl-nd. on SUNDAY, the 21st lnet., at 1:20
p. m.. at Mascnlc Temple. By order of the
\V. M. 11. rOItTREIDE. Sec.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— .«_»*_».
:.¦••¦' — take n tl c. Initiation ~vv i ""<SC
:¦:• X] AY EVENING. Jan. 22. ;*:-<2*s*?
VlEltors Invited. "*"'" '
R. PATTERSON. N. O.
FIDELITY Lodre No. C 22, I. 67~0~ ..<><_..
K.— lniUation MONDAY. January =y** KS&.
_. N. M. PETEKSEN. N. G. sfej»~tifr
WM. TVEICHKAUT. Rec. Sec.
THE re*— iar annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY cf San Francisco, will be held
at the office of the comp_iy In the Union
Trust Comjjany't building, corner Montgom-
«— T, Post and Market pts., San Fr_ncl(?co.
Cal., on MONDAY, the fifth day of February
ISOO. _t the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of director* to
§>»>—•« for the following year, the amendment
of the by-laws cf the company and the trans-
action ct each other business as may come
t*lore the m e«tlns.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal., January 2T~ISOO— Tc
the Fh»rehola~» of the Independent R«l
Men'n Hall At—aclatlon— G«nts: The annual
«:— 1 era! meeting of the Fharehold>rs will b«
held on TUESDAY EVENING, Jan. 23, a 1
• o'clock, in Rod Men> Hall. 5:0 Bush ft.
B. A. PAMMAXN. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting. — The postponed annual
meeting of the Ftockholder* of the KILAUEA
FI7GAH PLANTATION COMPANY will b«
held at th«? office of the compajiy. No. STi
::¦..-;¦: street. San Francisco. California on
THURSDAY, the Kth day of January, 12C0,
tit the hour. of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose cf electing a board of dlrectort to scry»
for the erutuing year, and the transaction oi
«uch other business ts may come before th«
roeetlrg. Transfer books win close en Eatur-
<lay. J_::u_ry 12, J3OC. at II o"clock m
( E. H. SHELDON. Becretary.
I.NXUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the *tockho!d<— of the OCEANIC ETEAM-
fiHIP COMPANY will be held at the office ol
the company. 227 Market st., Ean Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the _d day of January,
V.yi, at the hour of Jl o'clock a. m.. for t_t
purpose of electing a board of directors tc
«ne for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion cf euch other busineet as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
en FRIDAY. January 11. ISOO, at I o'cloci
r. m. E. 11. SHELDON, Becretary.
BTOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
lne of the stockholders of the UNION IRON
WORKS —111 be held et the office of th» com-
pany. Til Market ft., fian Frandsco, en TUtS-
DAY. January ~. 1900. at 11:30 o'clock a. m .,
Jot the purpose of electing a board of -lreetori
to *erve for the ensuing year and for th«
transaction of such ether business as ma )
coma before the meeting.
J. OB. GCNN, Secretary.
Offlce. rr? Market Bt.. 6an Frandsco, Cal
January i, ISOO.
BORROW nn diamonds; eecrecy; private en-
trance; private rmt. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant
MEETIXG XOTICES.
THE annual meeting cf the membership of the
¦Workmen's Guarantee Fund Association will
take place at Its office, room G3. Flood build-
ing. TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. SO. at 7:10
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
THE California Debris Ccmmlsslon, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. F. Cuwdeiy. Id the Lucky
Point mire, near Et. Louis. Sierra Co.. to de-
pceit tailings In a — orked-out pit; from Chas.
B. Diesem In the RUfle Point claim, at Gr»!-s
Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In Grass
Flat Ravine; from Morris J. Williams. In the !
W-e_s Point mine, near Ca-stonville. Yuba j
Co.. to deposit ta'.llncs in a ravine, and from 1
H A. Moody in the Iriskfp placer mine, at |
Go.d Rur.. Placer Co.. to d"epcsit talllnes in <
Fqulres Ravin*, gives notice that a meeting ,
will be he'.fl at room 69. Flood bulldln*. S#ji j
Frer.d«-o. Cal.. en January 2J. 1900, at 1:M
9- — ¦ ____— — — — — >
ASTROLOGY. _______
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
gist ar.d palmist !n .the world: satisfaction
gmrßr.teefl. 437 Golden Gate aye. ,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a tpeclaltTJ P£ v »*' :
r.o fee without ruCce?*: ccl'.ections. O. w.
HOWE, any at la—. f~-0 Market, ccr. Etocktn.
ADVICE free: r.o r harce un!«f Boccwfji- W.
W. DAVIDSON, gr: Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H MEEZBACH, attrraey at !a~. has r«-
r-jrr.ed practice at l"3 Ca!. st.. Clur.ie b.dg.
L. S CLARK. Errrna FpreckeJs bMp.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: cor«-jltati-:i fr.': r.o fees !n avarice,
ikiUtlt AXD ROOMS.
nOTEL FAIRMOUNT.V- 17M 3 Market— ____"_«
r.»w furniture; f.rrt-ciass In every respect;
taWe ursrurpa^ed: hot ar.d cell water: ele- ¦
vetcr; B'jites. with beard fcr 2. $50 month up.
NEW famliv fc"te!: flnt-c'.ass in all wppoint-
rr.en"s" fxci"'>r.t rab'.e; special Inducements to
f»lect n»cple. H>7 Califcrr.ia *t., occupying
corner onwlte One* Church.
"RrCLGHAVIA HOTHL." F; :k ar.d Clay— S'jn-
ny Elites: best board: 2. $o0 up: Elngle, $22 50.
! HAIGHT. "2— Sur.ny rooms with bcarJ; terms
r>¦ p. 5 - n a We.
LAS TALMAS. IS2B Market ft.— Suite of J or 1
rms.: private; bath: sin. rrr.r. : board optional.
¦ O'FARRELL. 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
I good home cocking: special rates to gents.
¦ BUNNY ccrr.er room*, with beard. In refined
: private family. 1C32 F"li st., cor. Mascnlc aye.
i BORROW en piancs. furniture, diamonds,
1 p_atlßt~; secrecy. Uncle Harri! 1 . \Z Grant ay.
I CHKAPF.ST and best in America— The Weekly I
' Ca!!. 16 pages. Bent to ar.y address in the
United £tatf<=. postpaid, f tr ?1 per year.
BOARD AKD ROOMS WANTED.
i ANY amcurt to lean you on diamonds; low ln-
tere't. T'NCLF HARRIS. IT. Grant aye.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
1 OR 2 children to beard; $'0 per month each.
534 McAllister st.
TO beard— An infant or email child; $19 per
m «-rth. til I-»xtr.s-ti-.n nve.
OOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bovght~ ani
Hoi—— I'.-.r-k Co.. 704 M!F«!on St.. near Th!--i.
DOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
j BOYS' strong rhces, 75c: beys' fine shoes, $1; In-
fants' Eho«-s, Sic; children's t-ifXrt. £Cc up: la- I
tie*" shoe?, Jl; men's boots, spec'.al. $1 7S. Peo-
I'le's S-hce P'nr*. 1203 Pf"-ktrn. r.r Broadway.
BVSINESS CHANCES.
AN exceptional opportunity for a business man
fwlth HOOv; experience unnecessary: will
stand investigation. GALE _ 13ENSON. 320
I'arrott building.
A— s*>O: HOME restaurar.t in A!a:r~*.a: big
trade; fixtures ccst more than asked: e!c'k-
r.esa. GALE & BEN'SONJ 223 Parrott bldg. |
HOME kitchen ar.d delicatessen; clears $t> dally; 1
1 sacrificed be<"au*e of slckr.ess; _:e::utr.e sr.ap.
I UALK _ UKN.SON. S2O Parrott building.
1 SPECIAL forced sale — Halnires?!ng and dr<?es-
I rr.akir.g parlor; old eatab. ; central; any offer
1 ccr.si.ered. Gale _ I?en»cn. 210 Parrott bldg.
I DAINTY little home re«taurant; central; good !
bu_inesF: 4 Mving-rocrr*: sickr.es* forces sale;
er.ap. GALL _ BENSON. S2O Parrott bldg.
ATTENTION. SELLERS I
LIHT WHATEVER YOU HAVE FOR SALE
WITH ME. L <"AN SELL FOR CASH.
I WILL ADVERTISE IT FREE FOR YOU.
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
HAVE BUYER WAITING WITH CASH.
I SELL i.-ITV AND COUNTRY REAL ES-
TATK AND PL'PINESa PIECES.
11. C. DECKER. ICL'9 Market Bt., opp. Fifth.
BUSINESS Investments, real estate; any prop- I
osltlon you want to buy or sell; we are out
for business, so are you; money saved la
tnonr-y earned; we do both. PACIFIC i
STATES HE.M.TV CO.. S2O Parrott building. ¦
STAPLE merchandise to exchange for equity,
stcres, lodßlrtK-house?, pianos, etc. CALI- i
FORNIA EXCHANGE CO.. »27 Market St.,
room 201. j
1 U~Ji>— BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar- j
Bain; going to Europe cause of sale. Me- I
LAUGH LIN & CO.. 777H Market Et.
BAKERY in town near San Francisco doing a
fine cash business; large stock; good fixtures;
horse and v.-agon: cheap rent; trial given;
great sacrifice. JONES _ CO., 565 Market St. j
i CORNER rrooery; full stock; sickness cause. I
i See COWING & CO.. 1130 Market Bt. |
. ' A GOOD chance— Wine business doing a pay- j
i lr.g business; only about |2SO required. Apply
A. M. -PECK & CO., €67 Market gt.
' BUSINESS opportunity— Will sell my complete
Motion Picture I"ubllc Entertainment outfit
with larpe advertising bills and everything j
n**"de<l cheap for ca*h. All first-class and
will show large motion pictures natural an
life. No exigence required to operate It.
Have mado $00 to $300 per week; best of rea-
sons for Felling. Fend this ad. and addrest
Drawer 145, Chicago.
' A YOUNG man, possessing business qualifica-
tions, wanted to Join me; business realizes
, $1000 to JIOOO monthly: must have $SOO cash;
no scheme or fake; a cenuine business propo-
sition; can prove it. Particulars only by per-
tonal interview. BONUS, box 2546. Call.
1 i CAPE Nf me — Young man with 19 years' expert-
. 1 ence •'roughing it." 1 year in Klondike, ex-
: pert boatman, wants position aa ruide and
' advlrer with party of men going North; best
. references. M. A., box 25J2. Call office.
FOR rale— Cottage; nicely furnished: latest Im-
proved: hot and old water; Ftatlonary tubs;
large jianTry: 5 rooms: nicely furnished; prop-
erty T,i) by 12_ Address box 2C31. Call office.
» j ANY one having a lot mortgaged near Four-
I tfenlh and Miwlon Bts. wishing to s»>ll their
) Interest for canh, apply 1690 Mission st.
! GENUINE* cash business for disposal; leading
street- half profit; eFtablUhed many years;
11450. Address box 4U2. C.ll office.
: WANTED— Fome one to afr'.rt in handling one.
of best claims In Cape Nome; will pay $1000
per day. Box 2128. Call office.
' LARGE corner store with 1500 fixtures for
grocery; rem for first year only (30 per mo.
; NW. corner Baker and Fulton sts.
J4O— SHOE shop for eale; established 3 years:
worth $KiO; sickness the caum of selling. Cor-
' ncr Nineteenth and Castro ets.
1 ; $2W— FINE candy store and bakery; near
1 ] schools; worth double price asked; lnTesti-
" I gate. 2S?I Seventeenth tt.
! j DELICACY store— Excellent location; doing
! I pood business; rent cheap; will sell at Bacrl-
> ] nc«. JSS Fourth et.
. I JoO— FOR tale; restaurant; good paying part of
city. Inquire GEO. W. H. PATTERSON _
I CO., 1706 Market St.
,
I $17S — DELICACIES and dairy produce; value
0 In Bight; fine location. JONES A- CO.. £65
1 j Market gt.
i MITST cell to-day; brnnrh bakery, etc.; near
\ school ; 3 roo— s. Sll« Twenty-third st., near
Folscrn.
TOOLS, stock, fixtures cf a palntshop for 6ale;
I cheap. Apply at shop. £26 Washington Et.
1 j J3SO— PARTNER in saloon; will take part cash;
* chance for Ktc-ady man. 73 Third St.
1 WANTED— A butcher rhop In the Mission or
Western Addition. Box 4145, Call.
c PARTNER wanted in a produce business. Call
f 5 a. m. 114 Lancton Ft. |
. CAPITAL vranted— l wish to embark In ¦
money-making business; will Invest J2000;
¦*ar.t JIO.'jOO mere; can use from JlOOO up; ex-
p*i-t to realize Inside cf « months 110,000 for
I every JlOOO invested; durable Investment
even for ladies; Investigation will satisfy the
f most skeptical; references exchanged. Call or
. I ;•-¦.:¦ .!-¦¦>>. H. J. BARLOW, room 121, Grand
Hotel.
»
a $»I— DELICACIES and dairy produce; value In
eight; pood chance for man and wife to make
mcjriev; othfr business cause of tale. Box
a ICT.'Call office.
FOR talo— Flrst-class country 8-page newspa-
per; 14 years old; population of town 1500; SO
miles from county seat; one-third down, bal-
« ance on time. AUdress A. O. MUNN, San Ja- ,
clnto, Cal.
FOR sale— Corner drug store; cash or part cash,
* balance on reasonable terms. A. F. BERNA-
I DINE. Postoffico .Station C.
r SUNNY corner lodningr-houce, 14 rooms, for ex-
change for larger < house. ' 1401 Powell Ft.
I. FOR Bale— Butcher shop; established 14 years;
good location: cheap. Address box 1027, Call.
- |300— FR.UIT and dairy produce store; good
-J horse and wagon. Address box 1026, Call.
BCSIXESS CHA~CES— Co-tln-e*.
DELICACY and oyster butlness for tale; es-
tablished over 20 years; clearing over $100 per
month; centrally located; must retire on ac-
count of illness. Inquire at 1403 Stockton Bt.
DENT\L offlce; flrat-class; central location;
must be Bold. MACDONALD. 6 Eddy tt.
J3JC— PARTNER in saloon; will take part cash;
chance for steady man. "9 Third Bt.
tl'to CASH: corner grocery and bar; ftn» stock j
good location. Inquire 800 Hayes Bt.
PARTNER "WANTED
With experience to enlarge dry goodt and
Kent's furnishing business; running success-
fully for 50 years. Address 455 Seventh b_.
Oakland. Cal.
FOR eale— A neat fancy dry goods and notion
ftcre. together with the furniture of 8 rooms
complete; price moderate. 2509 Folßora Bt..
near Twenty-first, at once. i
BOARDING-HOUSE and restaurant, doing flno
business, for sale; a bargain. Inquire MITCH-
ELL, lawyer, 554 Broadway, Oakland.
GROCERY and liquor store; 8 living rooms;
Rood location; good family trade. Apply 265
Third et. ;
WANTED— Restaurant outfit; will pay 25 per
cent more than dealer. Apply 227 Saa Carloe
avenue. ¦
A GOOD paying saloon; cause tlcknees; prlc«
$175. 611 Ml—lon st.
PARTNER wanted to help promote valuable
U. S. and Canadian patent. 1221 Green Bt.
PAPER route for Bale: choice location; good In-
vestment^
MEAT market clearing $200 per month: will be
Bold cheap. Address box 1010. Call offlce.
PLUMBING shop: well established. 80S East
Twelfth Bt.. East Oakland.
A ROUTE on this paper for sal*. Addresti box J
(, Oakland Poetofflce.
FOR rer.t— To an vp-to-<sate man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track In
Eureka, Cal.; located on main traveled road
and gcod chance to make a nice paying busi-
ness. Apply to J. O. LOVEREN, Eureka. Cal.
BADEN. South San Francisco: hotel for tale,
with 40 steady boarders, with good prospects;
must be Bold on account of sickness. Inquire
Grand Hotel, Baden, South San Francisco.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
43S Third st.
OLD established wagon-making and hort eshoe-
lnff business; 15 years present location; cheap
en account of death of owner. W Courtland
avenue. 1 --¦'
180-P.OOM house for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing-house in Chicago or ether butlness; no
agents. Box 2322. Call offlce.
FOR eale — Grocery and saloon at a bargain; on
account of sickness. Inqulr* WIT: _EL _
BAKER. 814 Battery Bt.
SALOON club, billiard room and cigar store;
Investigate. 423 Fourth' at. ; no agents.
FIKST-CLAFS bakery to let. Inquire at 71J
Valencia Et.
JJOOO— a FIRST-CLASS family hotel; patronl.ed
by beet class of people; good paying business;
t telling on account of Blckness. R.,.box 2577,
Call offlce.
tll.ro — 19 ROOMS newly furnished: rent $75; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL _ CO. .¦. 412 Sacramento st.
CLAFPIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received _t Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH offlc« for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt.; open until t p. m .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
— lb^criptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Tw enty-second and Ken-
tucky Ft«.: rpen until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
HORSE, phaeton, bugcy. harness, etc., for sale
at a bargain; can be seen at Golden Gate Sta-
ble. Particulars 424 Battery st.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon, t-can milk
wagon. 2-seated Erring waj?on, 2 grocery or
delivery Tvagor.*. 22 Coutrland aye.
FOR sale — Fl-.est Brew ster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Butter Bt.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagonß, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & BON. 2117 Mlslon st.
JOO SETS second-hand harness; wasons. carts,
buggies. Burrejß and horses. 1140 Folsom Bt.
CARPET BEATI.NG AXD CLEAXLNG.
W-iEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng ~ 'orka. 313-357 Tehama Et.: tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
tt.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 884. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Zc.
ST R A TTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie- 944.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
' Gate aye. ; telephone East 126^
1 ¦ ~=
CLAIRVOYANTS ASD SPIRITUALISM.
A GREAT SENSATION.
f VEIL OF MYSTERT DRAWN ASIDE.
SECRETS OF A MARVELOUS SCIENCE
FULLY DEMONSTRATED BY ITS
GREATEST LIVING EX-
PONENT.
PROF. MAT. MAGNETIC CLAIRVOYANT,
_3 TURK ETREET.
THE SECRET OF DOINGS THAT BEAR THE
STAMP OF THE SUPERNATURAL. ;
California's Famous Medium and Clairvoyant,
Thirty Years Before the Public.
Asking no questions, he tells your name in
full, your occupation, whom and when you will
marry.
This strar.se and wonderful man Is gradually
but surely turning the tide of skepticism.
Ordained to do what he does, his marvelous
achievements demonstrated In your presence,
while you look, listen and wonder. r >.*;¦¦
Professional men and women are awe-
Btricken. the public in general are dumfounded,
Bpeechless. Had he been born In the time of
superstition, his work would have been classed
little less than miraculous.
THE GREAT MYSTERIES OF LIFE
REVEALED.
Lawyers, speculators, business men of all
grades, and ladles from every walk of life to-
gether Bound his praise for the benefit they have
received. So extraordinary are his marvelous
tests of the wonders and powers of clairvoyancy
that they must be witnessed to be believed.
He Is "the greatest living exponent of. occult-
ism, and has established a position In his pro-
fe-sion that no other can hope to attain. Truth-
ful in his predictions, reliable In his advice, no
matter what troubles you may have with your-
self or other*, come and he will advise you with
a certainty higher than human power. Profes-
fcor May is recognized by the press, medical /ra-
ternlty and scientists generally as the foremost
psychic In the country, and should not be
ilaEScd with so-called card readers, fortune tell-
ers, astrologers and similar humbugs.
Do you wish to know facts you should know?
If you will succeed In your undertakings?
If you will win your lawsuits T
If your domestic troubles will Boon endT
If you would obtain your ambition T
If you are loved?
If you will succeed In your love affairs?
If you will be lucky In speculation?
If past troubles will torment you?
Does another share the love and attention
that should belong to you?
How to win the love and attention that should
belong to you?
If you wish Information you ought to have
concerning your future, call on this man and
be will point out and show you how to overcome
obstacles that keep you from happities3 and
i-uccess. All are pleased and delighted with his
readings. There is no home so dreary and sad,
no life so wrecked or blighted, no heart so sad
and lonely no condition or circumstance so
complicated or Incomprehensible that cannot be
set right and kept right after a visit to this In-
spired man of modern times. Hours for consul-
tation are from 9a. m. to Bp. m .; Sunday, ie
to 2. Letters containing: three questions and fl
answered. Mediums developed. 123 Turk at.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market St., trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $L
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advlcs In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes et., room 7, eccond floor.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st>. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth at., r. 12.
MRS. WEST returned to 1206 Mrkt, parlor 31;
trance test medium; home evenings and Sun.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
CATHERINE DEAN, returned: scientlflo card
reader. 959 Howard St., cor. Sixth, offlce 2s.
YOUR futu— told by cards, Isc. Mi Howard
Bt., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
ARRIVED — Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction; readings this week 23c. 230 A Turk.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; tlt-
tinga dally. 212H Sixth et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 23c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; businees
advice; names given; 25c up. E Fourth tt.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hua-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no chargt un-
leßs successful. Room 810. »27 Market tt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms; bam on rear of lot.
651 Minna at., above Seventh: $10.
COTTAGE with 6 rooms and bath; large yard.
2310 Howard St.; rent $15.
SHOTWELL. 625— Cottage of 5 rooms, bath.
etatlonary w ashtub. large cellar and yard.
5 ROOMS, bath; 4133 Eighteenth st., bet. Castro
and Colling— ood. Apply at 3555 Twenty-first
at., near Castro.
$6— REAR cottage; 4 rooms, basement; $39 Jer-
sey; water free; Castro cars.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins B t.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; al6o by local anaesthetics applied j
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllngs
from $1 up; ether fllllngs from SOc; badly de- i
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or j
crowned -without pain; plates that fit from '
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays. I
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a .
full Eet of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth |
without a plate: crown and bridge work our j
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 !
years; fllllngs, EOc; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth Et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. FlooJ bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty: gold crowns, |
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farr ell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
DR. C. 11, CUMMINGS, 223 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 6.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Busrt —
Fuil set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fllllngs, 230. '
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; work wa— unted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. «th.
SET of teeth without plat*. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market,
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. HUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. ~ lllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 TO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. Weet 636.
DRBSSMAKKRJB AMD BEAJISTKI-3-i_:_
S. F. Dr««rm iking, Ladles* Tailoring Parto— ;
French tailoring system taught. 306 Van Ness, j
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.; drei.»ea !
made, $5 uj>; ilresscs made over; perfect flt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. claraes. MS Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poßt, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College, 24 Post tt., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical ar.d mining engi-
neering, etc. : new SO-page catalo— le free.
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming ;
for young rr.cn, young ladies and boyB; superb I
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
pa.lt water ar..l swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Kllis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
JANET ARMSTRONG. room 62. Murphy
building — Dramatic class, Wednesday even- 1
Ing, Jl per month; children's class, Saturday I
morning. II per month; private.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither tlmo nor money j
washed; most thorough course on enrth; rapid ;
calculation?. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood blilg. j
ALL students but two takintj full course |
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO 1
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining! !
mech.. survey, assay, archi.: dsy and even.;
et-t. ISO 4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms; |
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
VIOLIN, zither, guitar, banjo, mandolin ln-
Btructlon. W. P. CHAMBERS, 216 EJy tt.
INSTRUCTION given upon the piano. 1133
Geary st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market flt. ; life
Fcholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
A-SINGING. piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; J2 mo. S2O G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-S.
CLASSES In German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar. \
SHORTHAND taught personally and by ma;l; 1
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Mcntgyy. j
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing; j
day nnd rilplii; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. «Tth.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett, Lyceum Theater, SlO O'Farrell at.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Butl-
ness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or Btage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMEAT OFFICES,
I Japanese and Chinese Employment Offlce re-
. moved to 421 Post from 30 Geary. GEO.AOKI.
• ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
J nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
• best help. 414U O'Farrcll at.; tel. East 428.
I BMPLOYMBX'r WANTED — FEMALE.
" A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situ-
ation; hotel or boarding house; city or coun-
try; best of reference. MISS H. CULLINAN,
' 323 Sutter Bt.
5 A FIRST-CLAPS Infants' nurse desires a situ-
ation; best city reference; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter at.
» A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situ-
ation best city reference. MIES H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 .Sutter at.
A COMPETENT waitress and chambermaid
desires a situation; hotel or boarding house;
city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
AUSTRIAN youns Kirl, new comer, wishes
employment: light housework or take care of
baby. 2723 Army street.
YOUNG girl wants position to do second work
In private family. Box 1017, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse (Swiss) wishes
position In fine family. Ad. H. G.. 376 Geary.
COMPETENT woman with a boy 3 years old
as working housekeeper; city or country.
Call or address J. G., 1725 Devlsadero st.
1 LADY would like chamberwork or will take
charge cf lodging-house: thoroughly under-
stands the business. Call at 1 Fifth, room 36.
1 EASTERN woman wishes a situation as cook
; In private family only; -can furnish good ref-
l erence. 225 Clement St., Richmond district.
WANTED— By a flrst-class woman a place to
j do general housework In small family; no ob-
. jection to a short distance In the country.
. 445 First street. _^
" SEAMSTRESS wishes place to do upstairs
' work and sewing or care for children and
• 6ew. Seamstress, 419 O'Farrell, .flat 4.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier even-
lncs; experience; references. Box 1043, Call.
• FRENCH Kirl wishea a situation to do second
work; also take care of children. Address
box 1052, Call.
- YOUNG girl wishes position in email family:
1 cannot do hard work; prefers taking care of
children or attending old lady; good home;
email wages. Call or write 302 Turk at. j
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEUALB.
AX experienced stenographer detlre « position.
Bqx 1050. Call.
LADY wants light housework, sewing, mend-
ing; no washing or cleaning: is good nurse:
10 cents an hour and car fare. Box 1047. Call.
RESPECTABLE mlddle-axed lady desires a
position to assist with children or light house-
work: also Bewtnc:. 1208 Qrovo st.
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper
by middle-aged woman; country only; no post-
als. 522 Jessie tt.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes second work,
waiting, chamberwork or sewing; reference.
1618 Pacific aye., from 10 to 12, 2 to 5.
WANTED— Position by young woman with boy
four years as housekeeper or would take
charge of lodging-house; no trlflers. Apply
124 Sixth st.
COMPETENT person wants place aa cook; will-
Ing to assist or general work In small family;
wages $25 to $30. Apply Monday. IPS Van Ness.
GERMAN woman will do housekeeping, offlce-
work, nursing or plain sewing by the day.
Address 127 Turk street.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing and housecleanlng. Please
call 1038 Pet aye., near Twenty-third st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes work by the
day; washing and Ironing ; window cleaning
or store and office cleaning: references. 1101
Rhode Island St.. cor. Humboldt.
FIRST-CLASS seam stress wishes work In pri-
vate families or hotel, is handy in sick room;
speaks English and German. Box 1018, Call.
LADY would like position as companion; refer-
ence* exchanged. Box IC4I, Call.
YOUNG married woman wishes a situation aa
wetnurse. Call or address 19 Morris aye.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would go by day or any way.
Sl2 Howard St., downstairs.
A WOMAN wishes a position to do general
housework and plain cooking; children no ob-
jection; wages $20. 20 Howard court.
A YOUNG German woman wishes house 'or j
chamber work from 9 to 4 p. ra. 6 Cleveland i
Bt., rear. j
NEAT Eastern woman, elderly, will go as j
housekeeper for small wages; capable of doing
cooking, washing and the care of children.
Box 4142. Call offlce.
LADY would like a position as housekeeper,
nurse or companion. Address M. B. H., 1426
Ea3t Sixteenth St., Oakland.
LADY wishes situation as huusekeeper In room-
ing house or take charge of house while owner
Is away; good references. Box 1013, Call.
REFINED younp girl wishes genteel employ-
ment or canvassing. Box 2504. Call offlce.
LADY barber wants position; short distance In
the country; state particulars. Box 1023, Call.
A.\ experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day In
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would lika washing
to take home. 137 Julian aye.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like several
family washings; will take home or come, to
the house. Call or address 2554 Greenwich Bt.
2 GERMAN girls to take care of children and
assist. 3090 Twenty-fourth Bt., near Folsom.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer de-
sires work by the day In families or at home;
fitting and satisfaction guaranteed. 1127 Ellis.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third »t., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 23c to $1 £0 night; $1 60 to $6 ;
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha- been established at ICS Va-
lencia St. 1
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hat been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtp. ; open until 9 p. m.
i:UI"LOV.>IK.\T WA.MJhIO— - MALbJ.
_^ .^ „ 1 . _ .. _i . .
AN Intelligent young man of good address It
detlrout of securing home In return for serv- |
Ices. Integrity, box 2570, Call. j
BY a flrst-class painter and decorator; a good
all-around mechanic: best of reference; 2
da>s from New York City. Address H- yon
HOVELING. Brooklyn Hotel, city.
YOUNG machinist, thoroughly familiar with
mining work, air compressors, drills, etc.,
wants position at mine or In country town;
flrst-clai»« man, with 6 years' experience
around mines. Box 10S1. Call.
RELIABLE private family man wants situa-
tion; _rood hand with horses, garden, cows,
fowls or any work about place; flrst-class
references. Address M. C, 641 Bush st.
PLUMRER. strictly flrst-class, will work by
the day or week for property owner: has all
noceseary tools; city or country. Box 1005,
Call offlce.
$25 TO person procuring position for young
man of good habits as collector or any cleri-
cal or office work; good security; no trlflers.
Box 1048. Call.
COACHMAN — Comr^tent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and i
quallflcatior.3 address C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
COACHMAN, Englishman, wants situation, or
man about place: understands cows, chickens j
and is a thorough horseman In every way; a
' good place appreciated; references. Box 4144,
! CaU of flee.
YOUNG man desires work In bakery, factory,
: as porter; rend refs. Box 1003, Call offlce.
1 , 1
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like ele- |
vstor or janitor work; experienced. Address !
15C5V4 Franklin st. j
SOBER. Industrious man wishes employment aa
ehoreman in private place; small wages, with
pood home; references given. Box 2107. Call.
LAUNDRYMAN. experienced, reliable, desires
position; city or country. Address WM. C.
TITUS, 539 Bush st., city.
JAPANESE housecleanlnfr boy wants situation
to work by the day or the hour. SASAKI, 521
Jessie st.
YOUNG man (25 years old) wants to learn bar
tending; good references. Box 2508. Call.
STATIONARY engineer or fireman, handy with
tools, desires work of any kind. Box 1009, Call.
j POSITION In engine room by young man hav-
j Ing had two years' experience running trac-
i tlcn and stationary engines. Address box 1025,
• Call offlce.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address
box 42n, Call office.
RELIABLE young man with experience desires
position as nurse; excellent references. Box
4246, Call offlce.
WANTED— By a young man, a situation In pri-
vate family: very best of references. Box
2SC9. Call office.
BARTENDER wants situation In the city;
middle aged; references. Box 100S, Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlßementa and
pubtcrlptfons has b»en established at the
northv.est corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m. ¦-¦¦?-;¦,
EXCHANGE.
$S5O0 — HO ACRES fruit and grape ranch; good
Improvements; near Concord; city or bay
property.
12000-72 acres, 20 cultivated;, fair building*;
for bay cities, Santa Cruz or San Jose prop-
erty.
$SOO0 — 160 acre 3; B0 fruit: 20 grass; for bay
cities. property. (Loan money on real estate
and furniture.) GERMAN AMERICAN,
3t Kearny st.
EXCHANGE— IGCCO mortgage on highly Im-
proved ranch near San Francisco: want good
oil stock or paying business. Address Owner.
263 Octavia St.
2 LOTS 25x120, on Seventh aye., south of park,
S. F., to exchange for Oakland property. K.
A. BERNARD, 836 Jackson St., Oakland.
FOR exchange for something valuable; Ban
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO. 2154
University aye.. Berkeley. Cal.
~ EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. EOc. 1071V4 Market
Bt.. San Francisco: examination fre*.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all funny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417 Vi 'Ihlrd at.
DOLORES. 527, near Nineteenth— Sunny upper
flat; newly papered; 6 rooms and bath; 114.
ELEGANT flat, 6 rooms and bath; large base-
ment. 713 Grove Bt. '
FLAT to let — 5 rooms and bath, yard and
basement attached. 122'^ Noe St., bet. Four-
teenth and Fifteenth.
FLAT 4 sunny rooms and stable; rent 115. 1
Isls at., near Twelfth and Folsom.
FLATS TO LET.
FIXE tunny flat of ( rooms and bath; IIS:
Seymour aye.. near Golden Gats aye. and
Scott St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
HARRISON, »21— Flat. 4 rooms; tunny; It;
lower, J6.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat of 7 rooms and bath: $35. 817%
Geary st. Apply to LANDRY C. BABIN, 41J
Kearny at.
MODERN 4-room flat; bath and basement; nlo«
location. ISOS Eddy Bt.
TO LET — Sunny flat; NW. cor. Clay and Ma-
nn eta.: 6 rooms and bath: rent $18. Apply
to Yon Rheln Real Estate Co.. 613 California.
TURK. 520 D —Sunny flat 4 rooms: large bath;
basement and yard; $13; no children.
TWO flats: 4 roms each; 1 flat furnished: I
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant *t«.
8 SUNNY room flat; modern Improvements;
111. Inquire 1339 O'Farrell at.
JB— TWO ropms and yard. 72~» Harrison st.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
$11— SUNNY flat; 4 rooms, bath: hot and
cold water free. 271S McAllister St.. nr. park.
$11— No le»t: flat 4 rooms; folding doort; marble
1 mantel. 715 Tehama st.. near Eighth.
$IT— ELEGANT sunr.y bay-window flat: 4
rooms, bath. 314 Preclta aye.. near Folsom st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOWARD, 1827— Upper furnished flat of fly»
rooms, $16. Call during forenoon.
FKJE" TO ALL.
_____
BEAUTTFTJLLY Illustrated book, by tending
address to lock box (43. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALK.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 f0:
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 'OxW Inch ru**.
SI. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for 14? 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FUHXITUUE WASTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buyt
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 3353.
HELP "WANTED AGENTS.
GENTLEMEN "oViadies to selTtho Brltlsh-Boer
war. Those wishing an agency for this fast
selling book leave name and address. Box
1044. Call. WESTERN BOOK CO.
WANTED— A few good live agents, both men
and women, all over the Pacific Coast; some-
thing entirely new; exclusive territory-
G. I). WHITE, 855 East Twelfth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS In each county on coast: permanent
work and territory; article a teller. HER-
RICK, 1417 Bruah at.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda, Ban Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money In this; Investigate.
! CLARK, 751 Nineteenth st.. Oakland.
AGENTS— I 4 65 marts mall order business at
home on business principles; no book or recipe
scheme. 6. Rapid Mfg. Co., Chicago^
AGENT to handle new patent article of merit;
good pay. Box 1023. CalU
AGENTS— To handle Coin's new book, "Money.
Trusts and Imperialism"; tells for ~c Call
927 Market St.. room 6-t.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO., PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
WANTED MONDAY.
TO waitresses, hotels. Southern California
free fare free fare and $25
20 waitresses, commercial hotels, north
$20 and $25
chambermaids. Coronado. reduced fare $20
10 waitresses, city, 120; 5 chambermaids to
¦wait, city. |20: 3 hotel cooks. $33; 4 hotel lroa-
ers, {13 and $3u; seamstress, hotel, $1 a day....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
3 nurse girls, IS and $10: 2 girls, same house.
I city, $30; CO Scandinavian, Uerman and Irish
1 girls for general housework, city and country,
I $:o, 1:0, jis.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Ge*ry tt,
! WANTED— Nurse girl. 125; 3 nurte girls, 120;
parlor maid and waitress, $25; 4 second girls.
11*0 and $_•:.: San Rafael. $20; Scandinavian sec-
ond girl. $20: 3 cooks, plain wash. $30: 3 cooks,
German style, $25; French seoond girl, $25; 3
restaurant cooks, $7 and $10; restaurant wait-
resses, $j, $»». $7; hotel waitresses, $20; cham-
bermaid and waitresses. 120; laundress. 120,
hotel; a number of house glr's. $20 and $25,
city and country. J. F. CROSETT _ CO..
316 Sutter St.
4 SECOND girls, city, $25 and 120; a waitress.
country, 1.5; a cook, American family, $30;
a number of housework girls and girls to a.i-
Blst, from 125 to 115. MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter Bt.
WANTED — A few lady agents for a well-pay-
ing article; every woman needs It; salary and
commission to the right party. Inquire RAT-
MIROFF, 223 Langton St.
WANTED— Young girl to assist wlta children.
1373 Paae st.
EXPERIENCED ot>er_tors on skirts and shirt
waists. 412 Market Bt.
! WANTED— Lady canvasser*. Apply at 117
Market St., room. 209.
WANTED— A waitress for restaurant; IS. (80
I Fourth st.
¦WANTED— GirI from _ to U, to assist In light
housework. 2343 Pine at.
LADIES— Have your hats trimmed; latett
styles; lowest plrcet. 48 O'Farrell, room 10.
1 _
I WANTED— A girl for light housework. Appty
! 3037 Washington Bt.
[ GIRL to learn balrdresslng; also one to learn
manicuring and face m aasage. 240 Stockton.
EXPERIENCED operators on thlrtt and
waist?: electric power; steady employment.
12 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators. Apply at
HEYNKMANN «; CO.. 410H Mission St.
WANTED— PupiIs for select millinery Bchool;
trade thoroughly taught In all Its , branches;
satisfaction guaranteed; terms reasonable;
eld materials renovated. CC6 Leavenworth st.
WANTED — Girl to assist In light housework:
no washing: man and wife: good home; $S.
1000 Golden Gate aye.. San Francisco.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; — aget
IS. 3524 Army st.
I NEAT young German or Swedish girl for light
housework and plain cooking: no washing:
references. Call at 131 Hancock St.. between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, near Noe.
GIRL wanted for light housework. 7?« Sutter
etreet.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS.
The M'-Dowell Dressmaking School offers to
Its patrons better Inducements than any
other establishment because we give the
leading system of the world; easily learned;
rapid to use; evening class: positions free:
terms ea.«y; patterns cut. McDOWELL, 103
Post street.
GIRL for general housework In upper flat;
small family; plain cooking. Apply between
9 and 12 a. m.. at 1566 Green st.
REFINED girl; care of two children: must
know how to tew. Box 4229, Call offlce.
OPERATORS on custom shirts; steady employ-
ment to flrst-class hands. .35 Valencia st.
WANTED— Woman to do housework; wages $20
Box 1034. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS talloress and buttonhole makers;
steady work; good pay. Sl9 Post st.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework! Apply
Alabama and Montcalm tt».
GIRLS looking for housework call at MRS. G
D. SCOTT'S. 2143 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
SINGLE ladles wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
" ncr Couch and Grove sts.
WOMEN and girls on Fteam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 35',_ Fremont st. ; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. II per week! Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins silverware- low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia tt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twnty-seccnd and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
100 COAL miners for New Mexico; special rates
SUfi m' &UJ& U J> artl cul«» »c« C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO.. 104 Geary tt.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. «30 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H«;Be— ard. Sec.. 104 7th: teL Jetsl* 132.
GOOD banio player wanted; steady Job. Cor.
Greenwich and Lyon tts., canteen.
HELP •WAJfTE T >--MAI«g.
_rG9GrLIY^^ADY PHONE MAIN SJ4S
leading employment and labor agents.
GOLD MINERS^. 7 -^--' PILBDRivKF^
4 miners, large gold mining company ».*
plledrivers. large company „¦;_"_„
B 2-horse teamsters. $1 far* $1 T» «ay
5 4-hcrse teamsters. II fa— ?- " a /
experienced vineyard foreman ¦••
farmers and wives.. stablemen, city or country
Iron molder blacksmith helper
6 mere tie tampers WO and found
25 pruners. orchard and vineyard. .128 found
ranch teamsters and farm hands.. s-0 to »:i
....TO THE TIE AND WOOD CAMPS....-
we want tiemakers and wjodchoppers for ail
parta of California; many places tools ana
provisions furnlahed. ••.«•«
woodchoppers. 4 ft. and stove woofl. n. « ».
$1 60. tZ 50 and »3 cord; redwood tlema-era,
10 to 15c each. _
MURRAY A READY. «3* and «38 Cay st.
GERMAN boy for grocery ttor* and drtv»
wagon, H week: waiters, city and country,
130 aad 153: cooks. J3O. 135 and $40: second
and third cooka. $11 week and $25 and found.
MURRAY A. READY. 834 and 633 Clay at.
LABORERS for sawmills and woods: no ex-
perience required: for ten wtllins laborinr
men $20 to $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63» Clay «-
SOLICITORS wanted for the "Memoirs of
Dwlght L. Moody," written by his son and
assisted by Ira D. Sankey; published with,
the authority of Mrs. Moody and family: only
book authorized or authentic; demand enorm-
ous: harvest time for agents: large- prof.ta;
credit given: freight paid. Address Th» Do-
minion Company, Dept. L. Chicago^
WANTED— A man or woman in every county
for general managership: others to travel and
appoint agents; salary $S5 per month and ex-
penses; also local workers guaranteed $3 per
day. Century. 8343 Market St.. Phlla.. Pa.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't pr»par» for
any civil service or census examination with-
out teeing our catalogue of Information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondenca College.
Washington. D. C.
WANTED— Reliable man to distribute medical
books In city and Oakland for an adrert'-sing
physician; wage* II 50 per Cay; position p-r-
ma'nent to experienced party. Call at 25^
Kearny st.. room *, ; .r-
SALESMAN want»d— Bticcessfal rnb»ei'tyt!on
book salesmen wl!l lean of rar* opportunity
by addressing er cal'.lr.g at VT< Market St..
room (23. ______________
GOVERNMENT position*; wter* :t-*7 ar*. how
obtained, salaries raid: part:-rs!a,-s Tr—: wrlJ«
for circular 115. National CwrwjcM«=c» Ia-
Btltute, Waahlr.gton. D. C
WE want a few mor* ffr»t-cla#t timM*-to-tsn—
toKc'.tors; a liberal p/apC-tOgl ar*i r^^?^'
missions. Weatern A-Jvert:t;=« Co.. TJ B-jv'V
GOOD stenographer and tjT«writer: raj.d. cor-
rect, legible writer and a<v*isV-cied '.¦> ofsc«
work: permanent. Bex 1&A. Call of2i«.
WANTED— Apprentice boy to learn tt» li-*-
elry trade: on« who worked *t tht trad* be-
fore preferred. A. L. OTT. 11l Port tt.
MEN and women to aypoi=t agents: rj ciocth:
expenses; Btea'iy positions. BUTLER A
ALGER. New Haven. Cor.n.
WANTED— An experienced be___er. 80-ton
House. SCO Howard tt.
BOY to ran errands aad keep stora _!e__ (S3
Valencia Bt. ____________
MAN to work ranch on tfcares; pnaw; s_o
men to clear land. 13 East tt.
YOUNG German to wait on tabl* and he!j» la
kitchen. 1241 Market St.. after » o'clock.
WANTED— Errand boy. 1" Flfta st.
MAN for chicken ranch: 115 aad foonil _
ISAAC. Upper Frultv-le.
BARBERS— I-chair shop for ta~ cheap: good
location. 320 Sixth st.
AN experienced salesman to sell Key TTe*t and
New York cigars; ore acquainted with first-
class grocery and saloon trade preferred. Box
1030. Call offlc*.
MEN wanted to learn barber tr»1» In I weeks:
day and evsnlng class; spe-ial Inducement
this season : handaoine Illustrated e_talo«rJ9
and souvenir free; only Institutlcn In tha
world teaching Use barber nni hair-ire *slr.ic
trades. MOLER'9 BARBER COLLEGE. *fc
Clay Bt. Branches— San Francisco, Ne— York.
St. Lcmis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
MAN to taks orders for silver p'.at'.ng: icnst
understand something about the business. Box
1011. C-U office.
STEADY experienced —an wanted tn fruit
business. Apply at W0 Flllmore st.. near Mc-
Allister.
¦WANTED— Man for porter work: state salary
expected. Addre sa box 1008. Call office.
WANTED—A com peter.t- salesman on delivery
wagon. Box 2306. Call otnee.
YOUNG boy. 17 to 11. to work in grocery sto— >.
Greenwich and Pierce.
SCO PAIRS men's sho«a. slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mis— on St.. between Ist and 2<3 sta.
WANTED— Oood barber, sober, ttea^y: w •_— 8
$12 and half or— $". H. E. JOHN3OI*. Saa
Luis Oblspo. Cal.
BORROW money of the respectable and rsl!a-
bl» house of UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25e to
EOc. £«3 Mission St.. between Ist &_> Id sta.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary t«_— «n.
at HERMAN'S. M Steuart st
WANTED— ICO m«n to try our 150 b~_f_st.
dinner or sapper; best !n city. 40* McAllister.
WANTED— Labor*— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. R«ao Hero** pro prl«or, trtlll
runs Denver Hous*. 217 Th!r<! St. ; 150 larg*
rooms; 2So p«r night; II to $1 p«r week.
MEN and women to lea— t barber tr_«; dajr
and erenlng classes. Expert instr action at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard ¦_
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD _ CO.. attr>r-
n«rs. Hearst bldg.. Third and _larks_
JOO SINGI-E furnished rooms. 10c. 130 aad 250
per night. Ltndell. Ith and Howard: read. ra.
— TNCHESTE R Hotel. 44 Third ¦_. near _tar-
ket; 700 rooms, 2So night; r«adlag room: tr—
'but and baggage to and from tht ferry.
A BRANCH offlcs for Call -dvertlsesiaats and
snbscrtptlont has been established at tht>
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : op«n till 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sal*
40 HORSES for tale; also wag— it. bnrsic*.
carts, harnets. Grand Are «da Horse Market.
527 Sixth tt.: auction salea every Wadnaodar.
SULLIVAN it DOYLE. Anctlonerm .
SO HEAD fine draught aad drtTlog Tim— at
1821 and 1~ Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady: alto torn « fine matched black tears*.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2. 10 year*
old: 1000 to 14C0 lbs.: $40 to 1100; nuxitly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Gra— ion. Cal.
FOR sale^ — A fresh mllkinK cow, wlta ca_.
Corner Twentieth and Indiana, sta.
FOR sals— Cheap, brown team. 1«<4; W jrt«—
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. <05 O. Q. tw.
UOI'SES LOUGI.VU KOU SALE.
103- ROOM house: corner; clears —on t— <v*
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st .. — .«, 123
10 rooms en Taylor; worth ISOO 4JQ
J-.' rooms: comer; clears $150 :.....„, lfiOO
10-room flat; clears $150 jc/)
I WILL SELL. YOU EITHER HOUSS IN
PAYMENTS TO SUIT.
Paying house: clears $~0 23 rooms..—.. $S5»
Downtown: rent $23 21 r00m5...... S£>
New flat: rent $14 S rooms. .__ _so
Market s:. : rent $73 :S rooms $^>
Corner; only J3OO cash 1« rooms goo
Clearing $100; rent to9 28 rooms sio
Boarding: corner house S2 rooms 2000
Hotel and bar: *5 boardert..s3 rooms 400
100 other houses. 3 to tro rooms; $50 to. ..19.000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONET TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Markst, opp. Jth tt..
S ROOMS— I h!oc!t of Market; dears $33 $400
10 rooms—Clears J3O: full $300
II rooms— HiKh-t;ned and good J3_j
13 rooms — Rent $4f>; steady r00mer5........ «;¦.<>
12 rooms — Rent $3n; clear* "1 $400
14 rooms— Rent $40; clears $40.... ftno
14 rooms— lncome US; see it $1500
15 rooms— Central: A No 1 $I^o
15 rooms— Near Market: clears ISO tsno
1« rooms— Rent 54.1; clears $40 *$io
17 rooms— Rent #£: clears $60 J;,v)
22 rm'ins — Income $100 $lf>so
33 rocms — Rent S10O; Income $IT3 SlfKO
36 rooms — Corn?r; 1 Boor; tall HT^i
43 rccms— 3 Doom; very fine jciv)
4» room.*— Cr rTK-r: clears tWi ll'OO)
MARION GUIFFIN, Tl9 Market St.. near Call.
$375— Post. nr. Mason. , $12C(V— Kddy. nr. Jones.
$10.000— Sutter, near I K-VO— Powell tt.
Pleasanton. $6-V» — 14 rooms flow n-
s4JO0 — 60-room corner. ' town.
• A. M. SPECK _ CO.. «87 Market „
13 ROOMS; Income VJ-0 j^vo
S3 rooms; cheap rer.t ISOO
17 room?; good transient 4,»
16 rooms; good transient 10T..1
13 rooms: gooil furniture 4_
PACIFIC STATES REALTY CO..
~0 Parrott bldg.
NEATLY furnished house: 7 rooms and bath;
sunny side of street; nice nofghborhood: <30.
1614 Golden Gate aye.. bet. Scott and Devlsa-
dero sts.
$_W— g ROOMS and bath, completely furnished,
will sell very reasonable; part cash; baianc*
easy Installments. 812 Howard st.
LODGING hou.«< v—533v — 533 Broadway; 20 tunny
rooms; must sell on account of sickness; ftHL
VOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, on Minn.t st.,
near Third. Address box 10_. Call office.
SMALL good-paying boarding-house; full:
steady; reasonable. Box 1f43. Call offlc<».
17-ROOM house for sale: no reasonablo offsr
refuted. CaU at 10S Sixth tt.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAU_, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
28nOtSCS — LODGING— To Let-
PRIVATE rooming house; S rocrr.s, nicely fur-
r:thi"l; 7 rooms rented: payir^- $15 above rent;
no reasonable offer rerused; rent $25. 1223
Volsom gt.
l:OOM suitable for 1 or 2 in exchange for
twfirlim boy evenings with etudies. 1729H
y.:s»l^a Ft. ,
CHARY. ICIC. bet. Pnlk and Van Netis aye.—
Uoup", S rooms and bath.
HOU6E cf r2 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 71-4 Howard ft., comer Third.
HOUSE, J rooms; bath: carpets; large lawn-
fine view; fh- it. 2V22 Twer.ty -fourth st.
ROOMIXO horse; 10 rccr:;s; furniture for sale
rf-as r.ublf : call at J p. m. I3OV* Ninth st.
r-:x rrwrr.s and hath; bringing in mere than
r>nt; terrain. ST-> Turk st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A --PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
UP. H_r:.:rs;:.V A CO.. U Montgomery.
A^-PPncK^ co 667 markeFst:
I • -iMorr.ia: * r.514!1641 Eddy « r fz
:.!asr>n: 4 r $191:345 Howard" 5 "r""s^
2PT Ellis; J0^r...»17 MjliO Natoma: 8 r.."".'sl«
CARS to rent at the Ocean Beach call at
J.\<.*On HETMAXS office. U7 Sutter st.
TO let-Fu-" .!«hed or unfurnished^ modern
h«u«! of 10 rocms. with etable In rear; «7
ITnlon rt. Inquire A. DECOI'RTBI'.V, E2B
" ' ' ¦• ar.t s^ T*
ir.dow hou»- 7 rooms and bath;
•jwsnent: f.r.e Sower garden: 1731 Ba-
«¦;:_• w gatt<tr - Apply «¦ m <*'—
:; « rocms. batk: ctrj<t.; larg« lawn!
fm« \iew; low rent. £33 Twenty- fourth st.
liitch* A.™ 010 *' * 18: CC * t ° f * roomm - **•
::LY modern «-room house. 74! Bush st_;
ns: key rs«. •
M:\V-- « rooms; modem; $25: Buchanan and
1 -'<"-.wich ft* . or will sell $;00 cash: balancs
Ilka rt-r.t. THE MCCARTHY CO.. feU Markt.
BUEH, 2~4--sunr.y hcu*e r.t <t ro^ma and bMih;
water fr*»e; large yard; rent $37 68.
IJ-^-HOTJSE of S rocrr.s; hea'.tr.y and In good
condition. lfS7 Kearny st.. Rear Greenwich.
BORROW on dlarr.or.ds and Jewels; rcllte at-
tT.tl.n. VNCLn HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
UOME S TO LET^FniXISUED.
AN' artistic famlehed house to rent or lea**;
<v*rtra!!y located; S bedrocne; large parlors;
rr.usic ar.l Clnir.K rrrm?, etc ; 10 nilnut*^'
walk to K<amy ct. ; large grounds; rent $125.
A*Hr»«s, wish full name, box 1C22. Call office.
LOST AM> FOC.\D.
1/DST— A ra^book with The Hlbem'.a Barings
end Lc&n Society Of San Francisco, in the
name of HENHIETTE RAFELD. No. 229-743.
The flnfler will p'.eaae return to bank.
1-OST en Market st. — Enamel and diamond
!-rket. Finder return to SC. corner Callfor-
nia and L*gur.a stR. ; liberal reward.
LOST— January E. a black and tan deerhound
bitch. Return to A. MAZUE. 9 Jansen at..
and receive rewarfi.
IX>S?T— F.ri*rli*h setter. Return to JOHN BER-
GE2«. 334 Pine et.. and receive reward; name
on collar.
I«OST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Roclety of Fan Francisco. In the
name cf HMIL OLARNER; Xo. 212-7E4. The
finder -n.il! r!»ase return to bank.
X/>PT-Pa ir cf field glasses. Valencia and
Twenty-Sfth ft. Ftatlnn. Finder receive re-
ward it i.^4 Mission st.
LOST-A lady's f .Id watch. Finder deliver
tame to 10 Washington ft. and receive reward.
LOST— Jan. I s cp^ro. bag i-d glasses, latchkey
end ru*"se. Rocm 342. Crocker building.
LOST— A passbook with tne HI Derma Savings
and Loan Bodety of Fan Francisco, in the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON; No.
2^-020. The linSrr wIM please return to bank.
LOST— a passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Lear. Society <-f Pan Francisco ir. the
name of WINIFRED CHAPI'LE; No. 7-163.
Trie finder will pleasa return to bank.
FOUND— Pulltfrrier. FRED GUPCH (Dogs'
, Mission road. Blx-MUe House.
I • I'ND— lrish setter floff. Dim^nd Ferry ar.d
rntifht Co.,* foot of Frank'.ln et., Oakland.
BORROW on diamonds; nortec: secrecy; prl-
'.a-.e T.tran". l'nc> Harri?. IS Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
IIP.S DR. KOHL, the on'.y reliable ladie^phyl
»:c:an ar.d Epeciallst of long and successful
liractice; private home for Mttients beiore and
cume confinement : best ot care; jruaraateed
treatment at of See, $5; eafc anJ reliable; con-
»ultatlon free. 1122 Market St.. bettveea Ma-
»rn and TnyJor; hours. 8 to 6.'
DBS. OOODWIX. the wrti-known ladies' Fre-
claiiit. formerly of 411 Van Ness. 13C2 Market.
fcas returned from Europe with Improved
tcetho'Ss ar.d advanced knowledee; cure at
o:fice tS: warranted; 15 years* successful prac-
tice In S. F. Olfice, 11« Eddy *t., near Mason.
AIRS. DR. WYCTH, reliable ladles' physician
<uid epecialist: borne for patients ia confine-
ment rr with chronic diseases: best care;
tuarar.t«-ed trtstrnent at offlce. $3; consulta-
tion free. 542 Poet et.. bet. Hyde and L*r-
kJn: hours 19 to S\ 7 to 8.
rTI. «;. W. O'IXiNNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' f-peeialifct; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. fcr years; treated thousands
of cases" success fully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success cuaran-
teed Write or <-all at l f r3'i Market st.
SIRS. DR. ALLEN. ICCS Market «t.— Ladles'
*p*-claliFt: euaranteed treatment at office, $5;
eaf* and reliable; consultation free; hours 10
y.'OMKN"? rneiiiral an<i surgiral institute; sci-
rctlflc Ufat.'nT.i: confidential: consultation
free ITJC Market. Murphy b'.dg.. rms. 127-12 S.
DR. POPPER, ladies' i.hysician for 37 years;
call on & physician with man's knowledge;
core tS; con'ultaticn free. ' SIS Kearcy et.
I>R. and MRS. DAVIF.S. :22S Market; ladles'
physician: chronic disease^ treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guarar)te<?i;; treatment $5.
*IRS. DTI. FUXKB. UZt Eighth et., Ala^eda-
Fcrr.sJe tpociallst: heme In confinement.
ill. WISE, the ladleE' fpcclalist. 111J Market
Ft.; every ca?e ruaranteed; $5 up.
SiliS. DR. GWYnR, "Ilo~E<Jdy"Et.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin: hours. 30 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
*Irs. Dr. Allen, 1033 Market, lartles specialist;
Euarmr.'ef d treatment at office, $5. Hr*..l9 to S.
X>R, *nd MP.3. M. VTEGnNER-PrTvlte home
'¦n cor.gnement. 12:2 Golden Gate aye.
r>R. WO.VG HTM. herb doctor, treat" a!! dls-
«-e>-» of th» human US Ma»cn «t.
mj:tap«vsics.
COLLEGE— Furiffttve therapeutics, telepathy,
¦ crx'.ut-ro: fr»>e r'lnlc Tueg. evg. spr, Lark'.n.
MIXES A.\D MIMXG.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune rnaJtera;
dividend payers; Quoted on Pacific .^tock Ex-
chanjre; CZ cents per share or monthly install-
ments; f'-nd for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St., rooms D-7.
-
1 : ''ap** N:.uiv— Patent for eale; Just gTar.t-
»A f'.r i heap, simple thawer; invent-
ed by a practical mln»r of Dan-son and Nome
Write to JOHN LEWIS. ~<Z<i California et.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALB.
BOILERS. <riEinen, 2-hand mat-hlnTy. Mc-
INTO^H &. ViOLPMAN. UB-MI Fremont st.
J3AKS. tark bars, mirrors, taowajies, coun-
ters, linoleum, orflce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixture*; new and second-
hand. J. X'/JSAX. aOl7-lCl»-1021-i::3 Mission
rt.. above fcixta.
JiAR?. counters, showcase*, ehelvlnir. mirrors.
bought, weld and exchanged: 1063 Mission st.
THOROtTGHSRED V.hite Leshorn, Minorca
"v. .- -•:;—. I, ISAAC, Dim^ad, Fruit-
y***-
I '• ;¦ SALTJ— Pl<>aTOre yacht: cheap; 27 ft. 1.,
II ft. beajn; must Fell. Apply wh> Third Bt.
COMPLETE «.t Hncyclopitrdia IJrittanJca; 26
volumes; netv; $12. Uc.x IUO. Call.
TOR Fale— <-*tc;> Miller onrin; gwO. condition;
price J35. IJ-js rsC2. <"\ill.
PR. CBEELT'S »:. P. iTinnjre cure; by alfdruc^
gist*, or Do* Ho;-!>it.il. £lv Golden Gate aye.
FOR SALE— A Mincer machine; In rood order;
cheap. Ol Turk et.
PAINTER'S outflVfor sale with trade! 127
Turk ct.
CANARY bin3>. Hear. «c* and boy at LOH-
MAXWfI, 21'jS Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
AN old carter violin, worth fSO. to be sold now
for $12 00. I'NCLK HARRIS, It Grant aye.
FOR tale — (4 nr lv gallons pood, pure ranch I
rr-iJk. AdJr-Ku Country Ifeiry. care i>o7 Sixth
rt.. Oaklen'J, ¦ r.
ANOTHj;n~rrr.ith Premier typewriter: fine or-
d^r: E et price. L. &M. ALEXANDER. 110
>-— BUYS, 6ells or rents ce*r machinery, en-
gines, loller*. water pipe, ehaftlng, pulleys,
*tc. TVHITELAW. 216 Spear Et.
AT le»a than cost: uncal!e<3-fcr suits and
trouwrs to be rold at Charles Lyons', the
LonCsn Tailor. 7^l Market st. _ ;
In the History Building.
KAFHS— New nnd second lor banks, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie cherts, bullion tafes vault- ctr-. The
Waltz Fafe Co.. 103-111 Market St.. S. F-. Cal.
ONE 4-e!(!*-<l sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
aUr compressor; 6 locomotive*. 220 Fremont
MISCELLAKEOTJS — FOR SALB.
E RH? OJC cone * rt Pbonograph. price reduced to
Jij x4 C °P Cert $2 EO. BACIGALUPI.
9^3 Market at.. San Francisco.
A Z** 6 iii )El W T aa(l *><lor& hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. t3O Kearny at., nr. Pine.
D ?E^x» l £?J?\,! J J?: fine euit - » 10 - MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Sl3 Montgomery Bt.
BOILiERS . engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 133 Beale.
£*Hf " nd s *<*>nd-hand slot machines bought !
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market si I
NEW etyle Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers:
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
_ boiler* and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
SAFES-New and Eecond-hand! THE HER-
MANN" PAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacrnrnento at.
MISCKLLA.XEOCS WAATS.
j WANTED— A EOO-volt direct current motor.
; one-half to 1 horsepower; must be In flrst-
: cia*a condition: state make and orice. Ad-
i dreas Motor. P. O. box 187. Oakland.
i "WANTED—* boxes of fresh ranch eggs every
week steady. Address box 2C27. Call.
GOLD quarts rock for Jewelry: $22 per oi. for
gold In It. 32S Buah at.. 3d floor, room 4.
HIGHEST price paid lor all kinds of curloa
Esd Philippine relics. 625 Dupont. nr. Calif.
MOXET TO LOW.
! ANY proposition any amount; < per cent; first,
eeeend mortgages, estate* in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
morte-sge-s; confidential: advice free. Q. E.
OLPEN.. room It. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000; t per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gtL£ra, estates In probate. undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; ad vie*
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; let. 2d and 3d mort-
tra^ea. undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
! $100 TO $100,000 at 6 per cent on city or town
property In California: undivided Interest*,
estaus in probate, etc.; first and second
moriKiig-es; 1 to 10 years' time. DRYDEN,
413 Montgomery st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third Bt.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
fclthest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELXJ, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell at.
AT IHS Kearny, rm. 9, respectable private plaes
to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture ar.d pianos without removal, quick
«*rvlce; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
tIS and 63. Donohee building. 1170 Market St.
J ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st. j
MEN can secure loans on personal note. AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. 366 Parrott bldg.
LOANS to Falaried people. TOUSLET, 430 Par-
rott bullcjlnc
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorwr. MORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. P. Discount Apency, 143 I'helan building.
$50 TO $50, G00; lowest rates; Ist and Id mortga. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 115 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
rr.-re rr.oiey see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
SILSICAL INSTKLMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where tl.ey can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
r-rice allowed. We are selling new upright
piano? for f6 per month, and some pood pianos
for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
ar.d Suiter . ts., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth ar.d tsroadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hr-use
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
tS. 2S and 30 OFarrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BEAUTIFUL Packard Baby Grand Just re-
| reived at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
', THE Decker piano i* the universal favorite:
nm- styles; full assortment; low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market^s^
A OOOD bargain can always be found at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
L ' RGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
Ilar.os prices reduced to insure prorapt sales.
\V. C. HAMILTON. 22i Pest hi.
ALL makes for a short time only.
t4. $4. 14. *4. $4 per month.
2 Chickerlngs, 2 Stelnways, 1 Vose & Sons and
50 other flijchtly used high and medium grade
pianos: gjiecial uticounts for cash.
HLiXK PIANO MrG. CO.. 136 E'.lis at.
UPRIGHT piano, " Neumann Hamburg" ; pro-
nounced by < xperts the best in S. F. ; ¦nearly
new, of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $CC'O; to be sold
for only $3'jO cash. 12.W Market St., room 121.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. K.OH-
LEh & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at.
A NICE piano: mutt be sold at once for cost
of storage. Room 10, Flood building.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. C6O Hayes st.
\%. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
OONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Bpencer
warerooms. ISIS Market Et.
i FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1313 Powell st.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: eacrlficed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— :. ice upright piano; only $C 0 cash;
cold for etorace. 1710 Market st.
I GOOP upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
BOBXDKO'S, 216 McAllister et.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister ft. next Hlbernla Rank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LLFR. maker. r*-r>:»irrr. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AAD STORKS TO LET.
FOLSOM. S70 — Large sunny Etoro. suitable for
any bufilne?.": also 10 sunny rooms; upper
rert. UMESEN. 14 Montgomery st.
TO Li:T— Cheap Ftcre, NW. cor. Clay and Ma-
MM) Fts. ; rent $10. Apply to Yon Rheln Real
E*ate Co.. £13 California st.
¦ EUTTER, 717 — Very choice for rooms or of-
| ficcf; rent very reasonable; sunny.
LAROE Btore and 3 sunny living-rooms in
rear. 416 Third St.: $30.
$20— STORE; 2 tbow windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
LARGF.. elegant store. 893 Valencia street; busl-
I'EHSO.NALS.
WILL MRS. MEYER fformerTjr Alden). left
Sydney. N. S. W., ISSS. supposed to reside in
Oakland, forward address to R. BUCK-
BRIDGE, 18 Ea-«t st., San Francisco?
¦ WIDOWER. 54, seeks honest, temperate servant
! woman, fchort helpht, desiring her own home
Address box 4222. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of good character would like to
meet honest young lady or widow (brunette);
object matrimony. Address box 4153. Call. j
YOUNG man Interested In mlnlr.s wants some j
one to assist him financially; references
cJven. Hox 1014, Call.
BELLE— OUDRY
IS NOT A LADY.
PRACTICAL mechanic wishes to associate
himself with man of good address: business
experienre and some money; reference given.
Box 1045. Call.
AGAIN' v.p remind you that Jf In want of a
hair tonic nnd restorer it is to your Interest
to gft the. t>est; you save money and trouble.
If using the Star Hair Remedy you have a
restorer of the color, a Krowcr and dandruff
cure combined; there's where you save money:
guaranteed harmless: there's where you save
trouble; think of this when buying; sold by
drutrßlßts and hairdressers. THE STAR
REMEDY CO., San Francisco.
USDERER'S Qulntonica will take away that
d-jll look from your hair— the only tonic that
will do It; - 5 o bottle. 123 Stockton Et.
| LADIES— A cl»ar complexion guaranteed to
all whM use Hinckle.y-» Coraline: no more un-
KiKlilly Pimples or blackheads; tan and
freckles removed; treatment free; new jar-
lor«. 14S1 Market j.t.. opp. the Hteep]echase\
LADY physicians' $5 three course- treatment
mailed free for a few days only to Introduce;
cures female weakness, displacements, leu-
cftrrhca, suppressed or painful periods, etc.
Dr. Mary Lock C 0. ,116 Station O.Chicago,' lll.
ONE tfay only: on Monday all $2 £0 switches
wi'l be sold at ?1 CO; no other day; bo come
In time. Stylish halrdreEßinsj, 25c; manicur-
ing, 2ic. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES— Your bust enlarged 6 Inches; failure
imr>osEiUe; harmless; $100 cash guarantee;
proof free. Leonard Medicine Co., Kansas
City. Kans.
MASSAGE and medical gymnastics given by
experienced nurse. Address box 4227, Call.
PROPOSALS.
LADIES— CaII and have free treatment of an
entirely new method of beautifying and pre-
serving the complexion. MME. FISHER, II
Powell st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 272 Minna at.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LADIES — Send 2-cent stamp for our booklet;
! invaluable to every lady. FAUVRE Import-
ing Co.. 916 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 75; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cneaper than ready made. L. LEMOS,
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; &32 Kearny, near Sacto;
also 1644 Market tl., under St. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 f.O to 15 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FIGER'S sweepers are tne bent and cheapest.
All kinds repaired end for sale at 342 Sutter.
IF you wish full value for your caat-off, cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN, 157 Third Bt.
COLEMAN buys clothing, brlc-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 606 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third at.; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
cr no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.-
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'' rrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D., 1315 Linden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich in tone, easy to
work; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PHYSICIANS AND SL'UGEONS.
~~—~~~~ p ARALYsTs ; ' — — ~-
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA, ECZEMA; SKIN DISEASES;
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES,
Cured where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 507, 503 and 509. Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market «t.. bet. 81xth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.).
El 3 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
35x137:6 — Hayes St., near Flllmore} S flata; rent
$30; $13,500.
SCxS7:6— Jessie St.. near First; old Improve-
ments; rents $62 50; $10,000.
25x100— Van Ness aye., near Paclflo ay«.; mod-
ern 12-room house.
25x137:6— Locust, near Jackson; modern house
of 10 rooms; $$500.
25x90 — Turk Ft., near Laguna; 8 modem flats;
rents ?77; IS7ffl.
25xsn — Fourth St., near Harrison: stora and
flat; SCSOO: sale urgent.
112:0x37:Sxs7:6— Cor. Kearny and Greenwich
6ts; 10 two-story houses; rents $S0; JCOOO.
2^x7."i— Cor. Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 8
flats; rents $37; iiOOO.
23x81:6— Twenty-third st.. near Dolores; two-
Etory house, 6 rooms and bath; $500 down, bal-
ance Fame as rent; interest at 6 per cent; mujt
bt sold to close an estate.
3Cx3'J — Guerrero St.. near Nineteenth; cotta?a;
$3700.
2r,.w00— fcarchez Bt., near Nineteenth; modern
cottage; $?SC</.
KxlOO— Tt>rk bC, near Twentieth; houss of 10
rooms; fISCO.
25x80>— Disinond st., near Twenty-fourih; c-t-
tipe: ter.t Sl5- $?SCO.
25xl0j— Ljt-n St.. near Geary; cottage: $22">0.
£jxlS0 — Eleventh aye., near Lake St.; new cot-
tase; iJiOO.
23x50— Auburn St., near Pacific; B-stj.-y house;
rents 524; $1701.
2^x6o ti rear street— Salmon, near Pacific;
$15w; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVED.
6S-.9xS7:6— Cor. Fillmore and Green sts.; tfc'JCO.
25x100— Florida St.. north of Eighteenth: rd-
J-)lninn Union Brewery; offer wanted.
240x1.')0 — Cor. Thirty-fourth aye. and A; $S5OO.
?Cx7l:l0 — S. E. cor. Polk and Lombard ats.
2t>oxl23 — N. W. cor. Fountain and Twenty-
fifth sts.
FOH~S~ALE BY
HAWKS & BKELTON, 821 Montgomery st.
$19. 000— Stores and flats; Devlsaderj st.; rar-
ing 6 per cent net: Improving In value for busi-
1 ntf.*; inaice an effer.
Page Et.. near Market; large lot; rents
$lt3Q ih.t annum: will increase in value isteodlly.
$0000 — New flats; Clayton St., near Waller Knd
park; rer.ts $W>o cer annum; easy termr.
SSO'.-f' — Modern house. Gough St.; S rooms; fin-
ished kttic and casement; tiling, etc.; view cf
bay.
S4ooo— Sai-rame.Uo el., near Webster, house of.
7 rtoma and bath; th:u is a bargain.
$16,500 — Cor. Leavenworth and Sacramento;
3 houses; rent $1620 per annum; easy terms.
$3000 — House of 5 rooms and bath; hiKh base-
ment: Twenty-third st., near Castro: fine view;
this Is a bargain; In warm belt; make offer.
$2(oo— Corner on Fifteenth st., near Valencia!
chdee for fiats: llKht for every room.
$1500— Lots on E. side of Chestnut at., near
Stockton; street accented; very cheat*.
HAWKS &• SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
BOL GETZ «• BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDrNG.
HEADQUARTERS FOR TARK LOTS.
Now for a Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
$200 to $400 — Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from H to X st. ; $5 monthly.
$500 to ? 00 — Choicest lota In Sunset; streets
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$300 to $Soo— Cheapest residence lota in Rich-
mond; easy terms.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric car line; only $3 monthly.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
VAN NESS AYE. BOULEVARD LOTS
AT AUCTION,
THURSDAY. JANUARY 25, 1900.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
AT SALESROOM. No. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
8 BEAUTIFUL LOTS ON VAN NESS AYE.
Between LOMBARD and CHESTNUT STS
2 CORNERS.
ALSO
S LOT? ON VAN NESS AYE. !
Between CHESTNUT and FRANCISCO STB
1 CORNER.-
AND ONE KEY LOT ON FRANCISCO ST.
Splendid Location for Residences or Flats.
MUST BE SOLD.
TERMS— Two-fifths CASH, balance 1, 3 and 3
years. Interest 6 per cent. ,
Call at office for catalogue.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery 8t., .
Ban Francisco.
REAL. ESTATE FOR RALE BY ~
THOS. JAS. STANTON & CO.,
402 Montgomery St., rooms 29 and 30.
$6150— Large corner lot 40:6x90; has 4 flats;
rents for $44, and corner of 2 fronts vacant large
enough to build 2 etores and 2 flats; this Is a
snap.
$8700—3 «rlecant new flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; rent $S5; bay windows, brick
foundation, i-tone walks and large lot; In the
Western Addition; this lo a sacrifice.
$5000 — 2 large rlatß as good an mw of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; bay windows and brick
foundation; stone walks and largo lot; front-
ing panhandle; these flats are worth $0000.
$GMV>-Fiftcrnth st.; 2 elegant new flats of S
and 7 rooms and bath each: Rood Ftable for 3
horeeß and carriage; rent $50; near Market St.;
very cheap.
$1250—2 little flats near Mason and Pacific
«t». : rented steady for $14 per month.
$2700—3 flats on Leavenworth st. : street and
r.lde^-alk patent pavements; well rented; a great
bargain.
For sale by THOS. JAS. STANTON & CO..
402 Montgomery St.. rooma 2D nnd 30.
$1800— BARGAIN: large lVi-story~h7sh~stoop7
bay-window cottago; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double doors: handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stalr-
cese and 6V4-foot newel post; parlor 14x17
wainscoted dining room 12x14: sitting room
S%xl4: wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13-
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices; pantry, glass closet, etc.; 2 bedrooms
nnd bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance under bay-
lot 25x120, with a rustic Etable 10x20 at end :
magnificent view; all for $lS00; no agents. J
W. NEWTON. 1330 12th aye., r.ear X st.. Sun-
set district, 3 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
$3300— SPLENDID bargain; must be sold to
close an estate; 2 new modern flats, 5 and 6
rooms .and bath each; Mission warm belt.
$1300— B*t buy south of the park; 14 lots to-
gether, between I and J streets; make offer*
must be sold. SCOTT & HARRIS, 20 Post st.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market at., makes loans on
second mortgages. Interests in estates, etc.
C. C. P.EMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery Et.
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass ats. ; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl et., near Stanyan; 23x
187:* feet. _
REAL 3STATE: — CITY — FOR SAXB.
O. H. UMBSEN «-. CO..
Real Estate Agents. 14 Montgomery st.
$2500.
Mission home; 2-etory house of ( rooms and
bath; large lot 50x104; room for another build-
ing; present Improvements could be changed
Into flats at email outlay.
$3100— RENTS $480 PER ANNUM.
Near Ellis and Jones Eta.; 3 flats of 4 rooms
each and lot.
$11,000— RENTS $1200 PER ANNUM.
Corner; six 2-story houses of 8 rooms and bath
each; 57:6x82:C; Western Addition; this Is a
first-class Investment.
$10,000— RENTS $1044 PER ANNUM.
Corner: near Market and Valencia sts. : 6
substantial flats; brick foundation; 37:6x80; both
streets accepted; no reasonable offer refused.
$3000— RENTS $372 PER ANNUM.
Hyde 6t ; splendid renting location; 2 flata of
S rooms each and lot.
112,500— RENTS $1200 PER ANNUM.
A fine brick investment; near Kearny st.; lot
80x85, with an "L."
$4*30.
An elegant, modern 2-story and basement res-
idence of 7 rooms and bath, etc.; will exchange
for Alemeda property: 30x110. •
$8500— 5660 PER ANNUM.
Fourth-st. business croperty; to close an es-
tate; Improvements and lot 25x85.
$15.500— RENTS $1500 PER ANNUM.
Ellis St., only a few blocks from Market; a
splendid Investment and very cheap, as the
owner Is going to Europe; 3 flats and house:
27:6x120; 2 frontages.
$SOOO.
Van Ness aye.; residence of U rooms and
bath; studio, etc.; 25x1C0.
$5000— RENTS $GOO PER ANNUM.
Two flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each- 25x
112:6; bay-windows, brick foundation etc
12400— RENTS $276 PER ANNUM.
Broadway: 2 flats and lot; near Jones st.
EASY TERMS.
German Bank lots, near Waller and Stelner
sts.; only a few left.
-." ,-£V"'- *2SOO.
Very cozy bay-window cottage; E rooms and
bath: modern In every particular; 25x120; Rich-
mond; handy to several lines of cars; no rea-
sonable offer refused; easy terms.
$11,500-RENTS $1176 PER ANNUM. •
Six flats; 3 elegant and new; Ellis st • 25-9 x
120; 2 frontages; this Is a good Investment- al-
ways rented.
Choice list of residence lots in every part of
the city for sale at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
talc In several parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN &CO..
14 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY ~ ~
JULIEN SMITH,
m», REAL> AGENT.
420 Montgomery Street.
MISSION STREET.
Business property for sale; 70x117 feet to rear
etreet; old Improvements; cheap for Immediate
Bale; rare chance for a good bargain.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON CALIFORNIA
STREET. NEAR DEVISADERO
Lot 27:6x137:6
Store and Flat Above-
N!c« business block; level; all street work
done; cross line of cars; Etorea of every claas
around; one of the best business stations In
Western Addition; title Insured for $4000; pol-
icy can be assigned to purchaser; price $4300.
PACIFIC-AVENUE RESIDENCE.
A pretty home; fine lot; nice neighborhood;
or two places adjoining; if desired; east of Fill-
more st.; price for one, $9000; both, $19,000; may
be lebs.
SUTTER-STREET LOT.
30:6x164 :1 — __
North Side, bet. Scott and Devisadero
Fine sunny lot; unusual frontage and depth;
belongs to non-residents and must be told; see
it, please; no reasonable offer refused.
VALENCIA STREET.
Nice lot, 61 feet on Valencia St.. nr. Sixteenth;
old improvements: good business property and
a barcain; price $12,500.
SECOND AVENUE. RICHMOND DISTRICT.
Snug two-story house; stable for two horses;
shed for wagon; chicken-house, etc.; all In nice
condition; near Clement electric cars; price
only $2000.
BUSINESS CORNER,
One block from Flllmore and California sts.;
best bareain In the market; must be sold to
settle estate. Particulara at office.
$2200 - Rents $23
BERNARD STREET.
Near Taylor; brick house; cost $4000; bar-
gain.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
Some nice lots on Clay, Sacramento, Lyon
and Central aye. ; price low for quick sale.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1&5 I.
Downtown Investment — First block on Ellis
et. ; will pay 7 per cent.
$17,000— Fulton st., bet. Polk ana VanNm
aye.; lot 60x120 to Ash aye.
$5000— Folsom st.. between td and 4th; 8 stores;
rents $42 CO; lot 40x80.
SC5OO— Suuer st., near Laguna; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 20:8x95.
$50W — Baker st., near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:8.
Must be sold— Shotwell St.. near Sixteenth;
rent $40; price only $3500.
$3750 — Twenty-seventh St., near Dolores; U
rooms; 2 baths; lot 25x114.
$3000— Silver Bt., near Second; i houses In flats-
rents $27; lot 22x70.
$2500— Sheridan st., near Tenth and Harrison;
flats; well rented; lot 25x100.
$3000— Glover St., near Jones and Broadway
2 flats: re-nt $24; lot. 23x«0.
' Castro st., near Twenty-first— Fine residence;
S rooms and bath; new and modern; 25x105;
price only $4350.
$4250— Octavla Bt., near Haight; an elegaat
lot for modern flats; 37:6z57:6.
$3200— Twenty-second st., corner York; 50x100'
cottasre. 4 rooms.
$3500— Greenwich «t.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2000— York it., near 25th; 5 rooma and bath*
lot 26x100.
$1750— 28 th St., near Church; 4 room*: very
comfortable ; lot 20x114. ¦¦ . ¦'.¦'-. *
$5000— Clay st. east of Flllmore; front and
rear house; 25x137:6.
MADISON & BURKE.
626^Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ~ " "
667 Market St., opp. Kearny
$137,500
Stores and offices; near White House; 2
frontages; rents $825 net.
$100,000.
Bills st. corner; (0x127; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
$55,000.
Near Stockton and O'Farrell; 36 ft. front;
4-story brick; stores and 36 rooms above.
$27,000.
Near Eddy and Jones: store and 26 rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$24,000.
Elxth St.; 78 feet front: 4 stores; rents $200
$22,500.
Third st.; about Z2T> ft. from Market; store
and lodging-house above.
$21,000.
Mission St.. near Third; lot 40x82; best bar-
gain on Mission st. to-day.
$12,500.
Close to Market and Taylor; stores and flats;
60 feet front; rents about $100.
$10,000.
3 new flats: 4 blocks from Market, north;
rents $1150 yearly.
$6000.
Post St.; 3 good flats; rents $60; lot 27x110 ft.
$0500.
Lot 100x100 feet, and cozy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt of the Mission.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 6ii7 Market st.
$12 50 A MONTH... $12 50 A MONTH
Buys a new 4-room and bath cottaere and
level lot near Mission St. and Crescent aye. ;
bay-window and all the latest Improvements;
a fine chance for a homo.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
SOME PEOPLE
Fear buytnz a home. They think that they
TV-ill loste it if they cannot meet the payments.
We can remove this fear. We allow six
' months time In caae of sickness or lack of
work.
Take Mlssion-st. car. transfer at 22d st
ride to Hoffman aye., walk half a block to
Elizabeth Ft., and look at the new 6 and 6
room cottages with every convenience. Your
rent money will buy them.
OSCAR HEYMAX. 14 Post St.
FOR sale— A beautiful modern house; contains 9
handsomely frescoed rooms nnd 2 baths; fin-
ished ittic of 3 rooms; basement containing
billiard room, heater, washrooms and ser-
vant's room; sunny side of street, overlooking
park panhandle. See owner at 1224 Page st.,
near Baker.
FOR PALB.
$50,000—8 flats, 8 stores, bringing 8 per cent
net on Fourth St.; 125x80: great bargain; one-
third cash, balance •to suit. Address HAT-
TER, 1003 Devlsadero at.
$SOO— HOUSK and lot; bargain; part cash if de-
slred. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market Bt., makes loans on
second mortgages, interests in estates, etc.
FOR sale, cheap — On Howard at., between
Fourth and Fifth, lot 25x80, with 6-story
: building renting at $140 per month. Apply
BBW DRUG CO., Alameda. ' *¦*"-
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWTN A HO WELL,
• 10 MONTGOMERY BT.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$6500— Octavla st., near Broadway: 2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE"
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St., Treat
aye.. 13th and 14th sts., being offered In sub-
divisions. Call at of floe and get diagram; $1100
and upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
$12.000— Half block In Richmond district:
fronting on Point Lobos aye. ; graded and street
work partly done.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$0000— California st., near Van Ness; good cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; lot 20x137:6.
$15,000— Offer wanted; big bargain; best part
of Valencia st.; rent $108 per month; largre lot,
65x80 feet, with splendid Improvements; con-
sisting of Etores and flats
MISSION STR^'fiT CORNER.
$65,000— Mission street, near Second; 61:8x73:5.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$28,000 — Choice piece of business property
north of Market Bt., and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy; Improvements consist o£
stores and lodging-house above of 25 rooma;
rent $ISS.
CORNER LOT.
$8000 — Sacramento st., between Laguna and
Buchanan; 40x127:8%.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$525 AND UPWARD— Rapidly growing resi-
dence section.
On very easy payments; choice lots In tho
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right on
the Park and the new Nineteenth-aye. boule-
vard; a number of lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
building lots; all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks: 6 per cent Interest only.
PRICES $625 UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass tha property; sea this block at
once. Go to our branch office to-day, cor. II
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at
our office. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$14.000— Rent $115; all rented; faces new park
panhandle; close to town; corner lot 60xS0; store
and flats.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$4750— C01e et., bet. Waller and Frederick: 2
new flats; 5 and 6 rooms, bath, etc.; rent $42;
bis bargain.
FLATS NEAR THE PARK.
$3600— Carl St., near Stanyan; bay-window
flats; 5 and S rooms and bath; lot 25x100; both
rented; nice location; overlooking Golden Gate
Park.
A FTNE SPECULATION.
$3800— N. W. corner on Fell St., facing the new
panhandle; both streets bituminlzed.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$7250 — Clay St.. near Scott, facing Alta Plaza;
lot 25x100; with good 2-story house of 8 rooms;
laundry In basement; great bargain; offer
wanted; must be sold.
FILLMORE-ST. PLATS.
$3250— Flllmore St., near Waller; lot 48xS3; im-
firovementa 4 flats, all In good condition; rented
ow for $62; rent can be increased.
Call or send for list of property for sale.
LTON & HOAO,
114 Montgomery Bt.
GOING FAST
GOING FAST
$675 to $760— 550 cash, $10 monthly.
Have you seen the lots In the block bounded
by J and X Eta., Ninth and Tenth ayes. 7 If
not. we suggest that you go to-day, as the lots
are going fast. We claim that these are the
most desirable lota In tho city at tha prices; the
way they are coins fhows that other people
think so too. They aro certainly desirable; they
are certainly cheap. Three new 7-room houees
In course of construction on this block now.
Remember the property commands a grand
view of the park and the Golden Gate. Tha
land Is on prade with streets; the street v/ork
Is done. The terms are very easy. Lots near
Golden Gate Park are bound to Increase in
value. Now Is the time to buy. There will bo
two agents on the ground to-day with maps
ar.d, rjrlce list. Don't fall to see this property.
Take blue car on Eddy st. (Haight or Ellis st.
lines transfer), and get oft at Ninth aye,, only
2 blocks from the lota.
LYON & HOAQ. 114 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
$20,000— Fine modern residence In Pacific
Heights; commanding marine view; large lot,
74:6x137:8 feet.
$20,000— Ellis St., near Taylor; house of 20
rooms; rented for $120 monthly; lot 27:6x137:8.
$8000 — Three modern flats In Panhandle dis-
trict rented for $80 monthly; Al Investment.
$6250 — New 8-room house In Presidio Heights;
two rooms In attic; basement; marine view.
$4500— Residence of 7 rooms on Stelner St., near
O'Farrell; lot 22:6x137:6; owner In the East, and
will sell at a bargain; offer wanted.
$4300— Lot on north side of Clay St., near Lo-
cust; has splendid marine view; size 34:4x127:8.
ZZ2S0 — Store and flats south of Market; rents
$40 monthly; must be sold at once.
$1750— Spruce St., near Clay; 25-foot lot; It's
cheap.
$750— Two good lots on Seventh aye., 25x120
feet each, near Park; $750 each.
$575— Lot on 19th aye. boulevard; 63x120 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., S. F.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$5730— 8ig bargain; Capp st. ; 2 houses, one of
8 rooms and bath; the other arranged In two
flats; total income, $55 per month; lot 45x122:8;
foreclosure sale.
$6750— Elegant residence: Stelner st, near
Fulton; 9 rooms and bath; let 25x108.
$4000— Devlsadero St., nr. O'Farrell; front and
rear cottages; should be Improved with store;
lot 23x90.
$.'2O0 — Grove St., near Van Ness aye.; 8 rooms
and bath; bargain.
$2500— Must be sold; Devlsadero St., nr. Mc-
Allister; lot 25x137:8.
$6250— Presidio Heights; Clay st. ; elegant resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x127:5; easy
terms.
$5000— Grove st. flats; rents $56; lot 25x120.
ICSO0 — Oak st. flats: rents: $57 50; new.
$5500 — Clayton st. flats; rents $47 50; new.
$6500 — Clayton st. flats: rents $37 CO: new.
OFFERING EXTRAORDINARY.
Choice building lots; McAllister and Steiner
sts., and only 21, i2 l ,i blocks from new panhandle;
lota 27:6x105, fronting Steiner St.. $3300 each;
cor. Stelner and McAllister fts., 27:6x105, $s<jOQ;
lots fronting McAllister St., 25x137:6. $3500 each;
the most choice lots offered In this vicinity;
don't fall to look at them if you are In search
of a building lot for either residence or flats;
take McAllister-st. cars.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.,
Opposite the Nevada Rank.
$5000— Rent $.>0 per month; fine 2-flat house
near the entrance to the park; an excellent
opportunity.
$5600— Rent $540 per annum: a 3-story house
on Geary st. : store below and 2 flats of 4 and
6 rooms upstairs; \-ery cheap.
$3750— Rent $3GO per annum; a snug piece of
business property; don't miss this chance.
$26,000 — Reduced from $27,E00; excellent corner
property on Turk St., east of Larkln; 37:6x57:6.
$20,000— A 2-story house on Hayes st., near
Octavia; store* and flata; a good buy. •
$sSoo— Another piece of business property on
Geary st.; a 3-story house of store and flats;
rent $45.
jSOOO — Double flat on Frederick St., near Park
entrance: 6 and 6 rooms; rent $00.
$30.000— Taylor st., one block from Market; a
fine buy.
$25.CC0— Market st., near Haight. "
$5000— WATER front property; Folsom Bt., nr.
Beale; Rood location; will sell cheap.
$3100—26x117:6, to alley: 2 Hats; Church St., nr.
23d; very anxious to sell.
$2250 — 2 flats on California aye., close to Mis-
sion st. cars; rents $1S; owner wants to go
away and will sacrifice.
$1950 — C-room cottage on Jersey Ft., nr. Cas-
tro: sold under foreclosure: cost $3000.
$1150— Near 4th and Townsend sts.; business I
or warehouse lot; 40x53. or Sfixjj at same rate.
jSOft— Very cheap: Custro St.. near 2M; 25x105;
will put up buildins: to suit purchaser.
JIoEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
FOR SALE.
In course of erection on Buena Vista St., near
Mission, 4-room and bath house on easy
terms; also a 5-room and bath house on Hoff-
man aye.. Heyman Tract. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117 Sutter 6t.
$S50 — 4-ROOM house and lot. Ocean Beach, near
J st. and 47th aye., on easy terms. JACOB
HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
LOTS for sale In Palo Alto, block 57. JACOB
HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st^
LOTS for sale in all parts of the city. Call at
JACOB HEYMAN'S ofllce. 117 Sutter st.
CHOICE corner near the Park on mh-ave.
boulevard: £7:6x100; street work paid: only
$1000. . CHAS. W. POPE, 11 Montgomery st. .
2 NEW, modern houses, 6 and 7 rooms, at a
bargain: reasons for sacrifice; large lots-
make offer; easy terms. Owner, box 1029, Call.
WANTED— Offer on house of eight rooms and
hath, lot 25x125. on Douglass Ft. ; bargain if
bought soon. Particulars at 101& Fifth st.
$Sso— 4-ROOM. cottage and lot 23x100. San Bruno
aye., near 19th st. and Lick School; $10 month.
NEW (5-room residence, with all latest Im-
provements, can be bought very cheap. Ap-
ply 879 Fourteenth st., near Noe.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOB SAXB.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
63S Market street.
BUSH-BT. BARGAIN.
$14,000— East of Van Ness aye.; 3 houses. 2 of S.
1 of I rooma and bath; present rents
592 E0 per month; at small expense in-
come can be doubled: lot £5x120 feet to
rear street.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$5000— N. E. corner; size 32:6x100 feet: new and
modern bulldlns, containing 2 stores and
fiat of S rooms and bath: every modern
Improvement; rents $61 per month; all
rented under lease.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$7600— Large, elegant modern residence ; 11
rooms and bath, attic, basement, stable,
etc.; on Pine et., near Pierce; sunny side
street; laree lot; 42:4x137:8 feet; $5000
bank mortgage can remain.
CHEAP MISSION FLATS.
$5230 — Rents $io per month; Just completed; near
Seventeenth and Market ets. ; 3 elegant
modern flats, of 6. 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements; large lot,
26x136 feet; mortgage $4CCO can remain.
FINE CORNER LOT.
SNAP.
$SCOO— S. E. cor. Dolores an 3 Twenty- second
sts.; size 61x117:6 feet to alley In rear; el-
egant site for store and flata; bitumen
street; cement sidewalk; cars pass; will
subdivide.
STEINER-ST. CORNER FLATS.
$47S0 — Two nice flats of 5 rooms and bath; rents
$42 £0 per month; lot 25x51:3 feet; near
Bush st.
\ PRETTY MISSION HOME.
$2300—11500 mortgage can remain; Chattanooga
St., near Twenty-second; lot 25x117:6 f°et
to rear alley; cottage of 6 rooms asfl
bath; Etable: rents $17 per month.
NEAR POST AND TAYLOR.
$2000— Lot 20x57:6 feet; house 8 rooms; ground
worth price asked.
MAKE OFFER.
$2100— Bank mortgage can remain as long as de-
sired: highest bid above that sum takes
lot E0x125 feet on third widest street In
city.
CHEAP HOME.
$300— On Twentieth st.. near Noe; nice cottage
of 5 rooms: rents $10 per month; beautiful
view of entire cits'.
MUST BE SOLD.
$S73— Reduced from $1230; $430 bank mortgage
can remain; 2 lots at the Intersection of
the boulevard to the Cliff House and the
boulevard from th<> Presidio to Golden
Gate Park; lots 25x120.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 Market street.
FOR eale, cheap— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-rt. cars; patent sidewalk.
$3300— GREAT sacrifice on accotfnt of sudden
departure; 2 new substantial bay-window flats
6 and « rooms and bath each; 23d and Noe, sts
Address Box 4249. Call.
NKW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller sts., near Haight; over 30
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
$3750— L0T and 3-story brick house; sunny side
South Park, near Third St.: 8 rooms; also
large shop In rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. 814 Call building.
MODERN cottage; 8 rooms; cable line; hot-
house: chicken yard: garden; $3250. H. J.
EEEOELKEN. 423 Jackson St.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ASTONMSHTN^^ffe7rs3TTo~s73~per"acre;"is to
200 acres; size tracts to suit; cash, easy terms
or might take part in exchange; all very
finest: highly cultivated level loam: In moat
desirable location: ¦within 2H miles, by level
sprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
Jrult, vineyard, olives, nuts, corn, etc.; now
raising Immense crops of grain; unequaled
for poultry business; 2 living creeks; abund-
ance well water: complete cf buildings; scat-
tering large oaks: would be cheap even at
$10" per acre: better than stated.
N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT.
10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. f.
A LIST of Special Bargains — When sending for
my catalogue always *tat* about what Is
wanted, amount to Invest, etc: I'll then also
furnish a Fpecially prepared list of "snap"
bargains near what you want, not In cata-
logue. While I make a special feature of
Napa and Sonoma County places. I'm person-
ally acquainted with over "MX) ranches for
sale or exchange In California — mere than any
ether ten agents in th« State. I travel nearly
all the time. Inspecting country property.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent.
10 Geary st., opp. Chronicle bids.. S. F.
AN offer wanted— Must be sold at once: lovely
home and poultry ranch of nearly 2 acres
rich level land; fine, new buildings ; bearing
orchard, alfalfa, etc; in Fruitvale; electric
cars rasa the door; cheap at $2300; what will
you give?
N. D. PICKELS. the Land Agent,
10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
SANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
Etock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 5 to 500
acres: easy terms, or will exchange for Saa
Francl«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
Et.. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
MARIN Co.: 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0
per acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes;
Improved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain.
fruit and vesetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
: FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
20 ACRES— House: barn: farming tools: Incu-
bator; 4 acres very choice fruit trees; nice
New England home: Oakland 28 miles; $1200.
Call at 625 Sutter St.
FOR sale cr exchange for Improved San Fran-
cisco property, fruit ranch 103 acres; value
$SOOO. Address H. F. SPEIT7.EN. Watsonvllle.
160 ACRES located oil land In Kern River belt;
organized companies on both sides adjoin-
ing. COS Pine street.
MILLBRAE lots and blocks; fenced; water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market St.
TES. $3 per acre up: farm list; free fare. M.
GRTFFEN. 7» Market St.. rear Call building.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
WANTED— Cottage and lot In Mission; about
$2000. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery st.
ROUMa kok "«»iL«»t:i\.i:t.i*i.\ti.
BOND. 16 — Two or three furnished or unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
BRANNAN. 723— Two sunny furnished room*
for housekeeclnc; rent $S. -. ' ¦ "
BUSH, 232u — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; adults only.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CALIFORNIA, 25:3— Sunny parlors; rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; reasonable; private
family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and yur-serlptioris
received at Call branch ofllce. 2220 Flllmore st.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore — 2 large unfurnished
rocms; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDY. 207— Neatly furnished double sunny
rooms, suitable for two gentlemen or light
housekeepins, with gas.
EDDY, Dl-'i— 4 unfurn. sunny rooms: finely pa-
ppred; all conveniences; fine location; prtrate.
EIGHTH. S4B, near Market — Two sunny front
rooms, with or without kitchen, furnished for
housekeeplnc; private; sunny bedroom.
EIGHTH, 221— Two rcoms; housekeeping; In
rear.
FIFTH. 313—2 parlors, kitchen, bath, furnish-
ed for h*kpK. ; new carpets; also single rooma.
FOURTH, 2Cs— Furnished rooms, suitable for
liKht housekeeping; also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 14'>4— 2 large rooms with
beds; housekeeping; rent $10.
HOWARD, 7Cl'i— Sunny bay-window suite;
kitchen; man nnd wife; others; reasonable.'
LANGTON. 13, near and Howard— 3
neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 716 — Sunny front furnished house-
keeping rooms, $12; single rooms, $4 up.
LEAVENWORTH, 223— Large unfurnished bay-
wlndow room; adults: $10.
McALLISTEK. 40S-4 unfurnished sunny rooms,
bath and yard; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 3:o— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
MISSION. 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
complete; no children.
NOE. 153—2 or 4 sunny rooms; modern lower
flat; coal stove; grate: yard; $10 up.
O'KARRELL. 41S — < nice sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $4 each; water free.
O'FARRELL. 1023. near Van Ness aye. — Fur-
nished parlors; kitchen If desired; complete.
TEHAMA. 478. near Sixth— sl2; 3 nice rooms
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
THIRD, 316— Front sunny housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
VAN NESS AYE.. 402—2 or 3 elegantly fumlsh-
ed sunny rooms: gas range; complete.
VERONA place, 17, near Third— Sunny rooms,
$1; front room, good for housekeeping. .
WASHINGTON. W2«-4 furnljhed housekeeping
rooma.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and Xfntnra.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to II p-r night; II 25 to 13 per week, and
light housekeeping: open al) night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor rts.—
Homelike house: modern lervtce: elevator;
bath; rooms 60c to $1 SO day. MRS. J. KINO.
! A LARGE sunny alcove room with gaa and
¦ grate; bathroom adjoining; northern part of
the city. Box 1042. Call.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 824 Bush St.. ad-
jolning the Russ Hotel; 34 rooms; all prices.
j AT E2 Second— nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms: Jl 10 to ! 2 50 a wsek.
i -
i BOHEMIA. 239 Post, cor. Stockton— Sunay cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds.
I paintings; secrecy. Uncle. Harris. 15 Qrant ay.
| BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 13S4)— Tar-
I j nlshcd rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Oat»
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. A offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor* st.
I EDDY, 305— Pleasant sunny rooms for lodging;
also housekeeping room and front parlor.
EDDY. 473— Two bright sunny single rooma.
well furnished. {6 and t3 a month.
FIFTH. 119— Sunny furnished or unfurnlahad
rooms, Jl CO up; flat. MRS. PEARSON.
1 FILL3IORE. 221«*i— 2 sunny front rooms; b*ta;
cor.ncctlr.g-; with gas.
1 FOLSOM, 810— Sunny front room and kitchen;
furnished complete; man and wife; no chil-
dren.
FOLSOM. 9«5. corner Sixth (The Ollv«r>— Sunny
> furnished rooms; suites or single; ne>w zngt.
:s FIRST ST.— Neat sunny furnished rooms to
rent: {1 per week.
GKAP.Y, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ej rcoms. en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
j rcoms; day or week: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1023, near L*gTxn«t— P*ar-
iilsh^d rooms, with or without housekeeping.
, GOUGH. 340. near Fulton— Sunny ftrrniahed
rocm; rent reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast ear. Sarsnth
and MUslon nts. — Sunny rooms, en suits or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; •lav&tor.
GRANT aye.. 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; elegantly furnished rooms;
Krate«. gas, bath; hot and cold water; dOo
t» $1 50 per night: tZ 50 to 17 per weelfc
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $t £0 to $6 per ws«tc
HOWARD. 713 — 200 sunny rooms; nicely tar-
nished; every convenience elsctrle lights.
I HOWARD. 823— CTean. raspectabla: Jso-« pn
i I night: 11-13 per week: Howard can to door.
. J JESSIE. 433— Furnished sunny rooms, suites!*
for 2. 15; also single rooms.
MADISON aye. 7— Flat. 4 rooms, bath, yard:
Fifth and Harrison; reasonable.
MINNA, ««7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, TH— Nice front room for one,
j OAK. 11« — 1 large bedroom, with clcset. gu aad
bath; furniture and carpets new; private.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms aad
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk., mo.
1 j PINE. 1436 — One furnished corner room; sun all
day.
ROSEDALE. 121 EUls, near Taylor— lCO rooms;
Xc a night; II a week; transient.
ROYAL House, 128 EUls st. —lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nle-ht. 25c to J; 50: week. J2 to
I': month. $8 to (SO; elevator on offlc* floor;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
1 SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Elghti st^
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ST MARYS. 14. off Pine— flat. 4. t or > roorasj
reliable party preferred than high rent.
SUTTER. 717— Sunny $5 room, with bath; ap-
preclated If seen: please Investigate
TEHAMA. 63— Furnished rooms to let; by th*
week or month.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming hoxut
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 543— Nice sunny room for gentlaznaa:
gas and bath; 12 per week: prtvate.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3329 — Bay-window fttr-
nished front room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
WASHINGTON. 1509. near Hyde — Rooma and
board; reasonable: private family.
¦WILLOW aye.. 30— Upper floor of aleor*, wltlx
connecting rooms and bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlfiements and
rubscrtptlons has been established at 103* Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9p. m.
! ROOMS WAXTED.
GENTLEMAN wishes rooms connecting, with
best board. In refined French or German fam-
ily. Box 1C33. Call.
BY adults, four unfurnished rocms In the Mis-
sion. Box 1046, Call office.
"WANTED— Sunny suite of handsomely fur-
nished rooms, with modern Improvements;
east of Van Ness aye. Address box 4221. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Prote«tant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan glris and boys have been admitted to
th" Institution from July 1. IS'33, to Jan. 1.
. I'JCO: Anna M. Clemens. 10 yrs. 3 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens, 8 yrs. I mo. ; Petra M.
Clemens. 2 yrs. 3 mos. : Margaret Pet-rson, 7
yrs. 11 mos. ; Marguerite Kempf, 4 yrs. I mos. ;
Sarah N. Nlcol. 12 yrs. 10 mos. ; Nina E. Mil-
ler. « yrs. 1 mo.: Emily E. Reed. 9 yrs. 13
mos. : Margaret Brooks, 11 yrs. 3 mos. ; Mary
Brooks, 10 yrs. 2 mos.; Ethel Brooks. 5 yrs.
f mos.; Sibella Bank, 5 yrs.: Crux Isura. i
yrs. 4 mos. ; Rosol Isura. 8 yrs. i mos. ; Vin-
cent Isura, 7 yra. 7 mcs. : Alvln C. Rupky,
11 yr*. 7 mos. ; Carl S. Bonlcke. 8 yrs. n mos. ;
Frank Bonlcke. 7 yrs. « mos. ; John
Peterson. 5 yrs. 11 mos. ; Charles Pet-
erson. 4 yrs. 6 mcs. : William Peterson.
2 yrs. • moa. ; Victor Olsen. 15 yrs. ; Myron
A. Day, 9 yrs. 11 mos. : Henry E. Day, 7 yrs.
10 mos. : Charles K. Foster. 7 yrs. 7 moa. :
Lincoln G. Foster. 3 yra. 10 mos. ; Georg»
Kempf, 4 yrs. 3 mos.; William Paoll, 10 yrs.
I mos.: Rudolph, 6 yrs. 6 mos.: George N.
Nlcol. 9 yrs. 2 mos. ; Walter F. Nleol. 4 yrs.
8 mos.: William J. Riddle. I yrs.; Leslie L.
Riddle. 3 yrs. : Frank Madden. 10 yrs. 3 mos. :
Galen Clark. 14 yrs. C mos.; Percy L. Miller,
7 yrs. 11 mos. : Georce F. Farley. 9 jnrs. 4
mos. : Percy G. Reed. 4 yrs. 3 mos. : Julius J.
Lindner. 2 yrs. 3 m-13. ; Walter Brooks. 7 yrs.
4 mcs. ; George Bank. 1 yr. & mos.. and Wil-
liam Kerr. 4 yrs.
MARY P. MaeCRELLISH.
Secy. P. O. Asylum. SC7 Pine st.
ROOMS paoered from 13: whitened, tl no;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., &Z3 Third.
LADlES— Chlchester's Engl'ah Pennyroyal Pills
are th* best; safe, rellablei take no other:
¦ end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief far
Ladles." In letter by return call: at drag-
gifts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants elected for S4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41" Mnntgomerr rt.. rn«Tn« *-10: t»1. KXtO.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 191 (Soo per
i>h»re> of th« OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of ta»
company. Z27 Market st.. on and after Thurs-
day. February 1. 19C0. Transfer bonks will
close on Friday. January 28. 1300. at S o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHFLDON. Secretary.
SEWIXG MACniXKS ASD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machln*
supplies. .Standard Agency. 145 Sixth st;
phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: r»-
ralH'ig at lowest rates. 2ftS Fourth st.
STOIIAGR ASD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Btor*g* and Moving Co.
Office. 4QI Post rt.. ccr. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
TO LEASE.
HOME: 2 old people; house, barn, well; lot
110x100: cor. Craut and Marshall sts.. near
Mission car line; lease given to good tenant:
Jo per month. JOOST BROS.. Eleventh and
Mission sts.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
— —
alameda real estate.
snap! ~"~
Four-room house: brick foundation: lot tSx
100: close to electric cars and station. H. R.
ABRAHAMSOX. 11l Laurel aye.. Oakland.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Laai
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 87x150. with modera
house of 8 rooms.
IF you want a house built to suit, on eajry
terms and at moderate cost, call on J. H.
_YOUNG. 1243 Park gt.
A HOME— Pend description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKS Br..
1400 Webster «t.. Alameda.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
menta Sm Fag« Thirty,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
29hLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
—.Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Day* 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
1 *" 2 * 11 Francisco to Summit and Return,
•1 4X
MARRIED.
BOUTON— PUCKHABER— In this city, Janu-
ary 16, 1500, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Wil-
liam E. Houton and Minnie L. Puckhaber.
ENSIGN— LOGAN— In this city. January H.
1900. by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
Peace, Fred P. Ensign of Los Angeles and
Susie B. Logan of San Francisco.
MUNZENMAIER — WOLBER —In this city
January 20. 1900, by the Rev. J. H. Schroe-
der. WUhelm Gottlieb Munzenmaler and
Anna Maria Wolber.
ODONNELL— McGINERTY— In this city. De-
cember 31. 1593, at St. Rose's Church, by the
Rev. Father Nugent. William G. CDonnell
and Josephine McGlnerty, both of San Fran-
cisco.
BCHINDLER— VOSSBRINK— In this city. Jan-
uary 20, 1900. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.
¦ Richard Schlndler and Emma Vossbrlnk.
TULLETT— KOPPEN— In Golden Gate. January
17. 1900 by the R»v. j. Fuendellng. Herbert
B. Tullett and Hattle A. Koppen.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Churchill Taylor to Felton Taylor, lot on E
line of Polk street. 87:10 N of AVashington. N
39:10>i by E GO; $10.
Isaac ar.d Emily EUaser to Mary Jory and
Margaret McClain. lot on S line of Hayes
street, 106:'J W of Fillmore, W 23 by S 137:6; $10.
Robert B. Woodward (by attorney) to Wil
liam HagK©, lot on E line of Jessie street, 223
N of Fourteenth, X 50 by E SO: $10.
W. Rigby Jr. to Thomas Klrkpatrlck. lot on
S line of Clipper street. 160 E of Douglass, 8
114 by E hO, quitclaim deed; $5.
L. C and KUen Jancovich to same, same; $10.
Louis and Anna B. Gottshall to Mary E.
Gottshall, undivided half of following: I.*>t on
NW line of Tehania street, 150 NE of Second,
NE 20 by NW 80; also lot on N line of Tehama
street, 205 W of First, W 25 by N SO; also lot
on NW line of Tehama street. 287:6 NE of
Fourth. NE 25 by NW SO; $5.
Kstate cif Sarah Joy (by John Bayle and Seth
Walker, executors) to H. Marx, lot on NW line
of Foleom street. 323 SW of Fifth. SW 23 by
NW S3: $3960.
Giuseppe and Matllde Mollnarl to Giovanni
Moiinari, lot on W line of Second av«nue, 100
S of Lake street. S 25 by W 120; $1500.
Adelaide E. Dornin to Oscar G. Dornin. lot
on E line of Twenty-first avenue, 150 N of A
street, N 25 by E 120; gift.
Clara Kluge Sutro (Kluge) to Mary Fair
weather (wife of Henri), lot on E line of Ash
bury street. 25 N of Eighteenth. N 23 by E 95.
lot 34, Park Lans Tract No. 4; $1.
Patrick Egan to Thomas J. Dunlgan, undi
vided half of lot on W line of Bright street. 300
N of Randolph. N 60 by W 100. lots 33 and 40,
block -I?, City Land Association; $10.
Pame to same, all Interest In same; $10.
Abbie H. H. Stuart (Hunt) to Anita L. and
Lewis John Witt, lot 16. block 12. Flint Tract
Homestead; $1.
Edmund Clark and Mary or M. E. Whltfield
to John Clark, lot on W line of Badger street.
110 N of Istuls, N 46:6, SW 30. S 23, E 25. lots
SO, 110 and IS9. Spring Valley Homestead, quit
claim deed; $1.
San Fran< Isco Land Company (corporation)
to Charles E. Corbly. lot on E line of Ninth
avenue. 175 X of California street, N 25 by E
120; $1000.
Margaret E. Saul to Hanora McGlynn. lot on
E line of Third avenue, 173 S of California
street South (Deeth). S 23 by E 120; $10.
Reginald N. Hamlin (by E. D. Sullivan, com
missioner) to M. J. Rudolph Mohr, lot on W
line of Twelfth avenue, 200 N of N street, N 25
by W 120; $170.
Henry Hillers to Dora Sellgman (wife of Wil
liam) lot 593, Gift Map 1; $10.
Man' C," Burns to Thomas A. Burns, lots G4O
to 650, 652. 654. 656, 658 and 660. Gift Map 3: gift.
Estate of Mary Kelly, minor (by Anna P.
Kelly, guardian) to Frank W. McEwen, undi
vided fourth interest in lot on S line of Faral
lones Ftreet, 600 E of Plymouth. E 200 by S 123.
block K. Railroad Homestead Association; also
undivided fourth interest of lot on N line of
Iticad. 707:6 E of Plymouth, W 67:6, N 125, E
160, N 123, E 220, SW 100. SW 807. block X,
same; $410.
I. N. and Florence 8. Rosekrans and Anna
P. Kelly to Margaret A. Jennings (wife of J.
C.) lot nn R line of Farallones street, 600 E of
Plymouth (Marengo), E 60 by S 125, block X,
fc-amr; $10.
Frank W. and Delphlne McEwen to same,
came; 110.
Joseph C. Jennings to same, same; gift
Henry Ford to Peter Tamony, lot 8, block 2,
College Homestead: $10.
Margaret A. Mordaunt to James 8. Angus.
Thomas G. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow Ex
ecutors estate of James G. Fair) lot on S Une of
Cortland street, 50 W of Prospect, W 25 by 8
JOO, lot 21, block 3, Fair's Subdivision to Holly
Park; $10.
Alameda County.
Isaac L. Requa to J. W. Helmke and Francis
Champion, lot on NE corner of Broadway and
Locust street. E 104:6, N 43:6, W to E lln« of
Broadway, S to beginning, being portions of
lots 9 and 10, block 13. Pacific Homestead. Oak
land; $10.
Lewis C. and Lizzie J. Snyder to William O.
and Christina O. Holmberg, lot on N line of
Forty-first street. 167.37 E of San Pablo avenue,
E 16 by N 232.44, being a portion of H. C.
Dohr's Homestead, Oakland Township; $10.
George and Salome E. Ordway to C. White
Mortimer, lots 1. 3, 5, 7. 9. 11. 13 and 15, Ord
way Tract, Berkeley: $1500.
John M. Jr. and Emma S. Foy to Germain.
Julie, Felix and Marie Caodevielle. lot on N
line of Bancroft way, 250 W of Fulton street,
W 60 by N 135. being lot 23. Blake Tract, map
3, Berkeley; $100.
Frederick and Margaretha Todt and Arthur
S. Peters to John J. Sequelra, lot on W line of
Mllvla street. 200 N of Cedar. N 35, W W5, N
25, W 38. S 60, E 168 to beginning, being a por
tion of block 6, Graves & Taylor Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
An'ia E. Painter to Edward R. and June O.
Painter, lot on W line of Regent street. 57:8 N
of San Jose avenue, N 60 by W 12S:3^i, belns
lot A, block 46, Alameda Park Homestead, Ala
meda: {10.
Manoel A. Faustlno to Maria A. Faustlno,
lot en S line of Willow street. 224.37 W of
Laurel avenue, W 224.37, S 300, E 224.37. N 300
to beginning, containing 1.645 acres and being
a portion of San Lorenzo Rancho, Eden Town
ship; also lot on W line of Ashland avenue
302.343 N of Maple street, N 75.675, W 673.80, S
75.675. E 575 to beginning, containing 1 acre and
being n portion of San Lor«nzo Rancho, Eden
Township; gift.
John Daly to Daniel Keefe. lot m NE corner
of Lincoln and Willow streets. E 25 by N 100
being a portion of lot 2, block C. Oakland Point
Homestead Tract, Oakland; $1458.
F. S. and Flora A. Lawrence to T. O. Angel
lot on S line of Forty-sixth street. 240 E of
West, E 100 by S 100, being lots 8 and 9, block
2109, AldA Tract at Temescal, Oakland; $10.
T. O. Angel to E. 8. Angel, same, Oakland:
$10.
Ferdinand and Hannah Meyers to Walter R."
Locke, lot 33, Drexler Tract, Oakland; gift.
John P. Beckett to Robert Collett. lot on N
line of Thirty-eighth street. 485.36 E of Market
E 50 by N 139.6; $625.
Mabel W. Whltmore to Lizzie M. Whltmore
lot on SE line of Twelfth avenue, 116 NE of
East Seventeenth street. N 34. SE 160. SW 34.
NW 150 to beginning, block 92. Clinton. East
Oakland; gift.
John A. Sanborn to Hannah M. Chrystal, the
W 25 feet of subdivisions 7 to 10 of lot 6
block 16, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley; $10.
John W. Allen to Royal F. Allen, lot 9.
block 4, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
Henry 2» Jones to Eugene W. Chllds. lots 5
to 8. block 7, Fame, Brooklyn Township: $10
Edward A. and M. A. Ayer to Henry Ulals,
lots 11 and 20, block 8, same, Brooklyn Town
ship: 3100.
John B. Wallace to Edith A. Wallace, lot on
E line of St. Charles street. 190 S of San An
tonio avenue, E 150 by S 60, being a portion
of Fitch and Sharon Tract Alameda; gift.
T. M. Marois to Julie R. de Loge, lot 19,
block 83. city of Alameda, quitclaim deed, Ala
meda: $10.
Frank W. Aitken vs. Martha E. Paul et. nl.
to Mary A. Walker (wife of William R.), lot
on W line of Park avenue. 807:8 N of Ban Jos»
avenue. N 60. W 126:3. S 60. E 126:4. to be
ginning, being lot B. block 11, Alameda Park
Homestead, Alameda: $2550.
Henry and Anna Flege to Sophia Mogensen,
lot on S line of Sixth street. 76 E of Harrison,
E 25 by S 100. being lot 9. block 58, subject to
a mortgage for $1000. Oakland: $10.
Joshua and Adella Pettlgrove to Stephen
Burke, lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street. 150
W of Grove. W 3«:8 by 8 100. being portion of
lot 12. block N. Kelsev Tract. Oakland : $10.
Lexlea E. Chartrand to Hanna M. Carlsen.
lot on SE corner of Twenty-eighth • and West
"treets. E 90 by 8 25, being lot 8, block 2024.
Wltcher Tract. Map 2, quitclaim deed, Oak
land; $1. ...
Sarah R. Shatter, Mary L. Orr (wife of J. K.
Orr). Bertha S. and Eva R. Shatter. M. Good
rich (wife of E. Goodrich) and Emma L. How
ftrd (wlf« of Charles W. Howard) to O. L.
Bhafter Estate. Company (corporation), lot be
ginning at a point on the 8 shore of Lake
Merritt. at its Intersection with a line drawn
parallel with and 28:2 feet E from the W line
of Alice Btreet, extended thence SE 240, 8 235,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A No. 1 COTTAGES AND LOTS
AT BARGAINS.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
$01 BROADWAY - - - OAKLAND.
$1450— Lot WxlOO on East Seventeenth. »r. Sev-
enth aye.; cottage, 5 rooms; lot cheap at $1500.
$1100— Lot 25x100; near Clinton station; cottage.
6 rooms.
$1400— Lot 2fxlM; modern cottage; I rooms,
bath and basement; etreet work all done.
$1500— Lot 80x100 on Eleventh aye.; best loca-
tion; cottace. b roomn end bath.
$K9— Lot 25x150; cottage, 3 rooms; on East
Seventeenth at. bet Fifth and Sixth avea.
$Soo— Let 25x100 on Twenty-second st. near
San Pablo aye.; cottage, 5 rooms.
$«s»— Lot 71x100; near Telegraph aye.: cottage.
8 rooms; all fenced; well; outbuildings.
$2000— Frultvala; cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
all modern; lot £3x125.
$2090— Elmhurst; cottage. E very largo rooms,
bath; all modern; N. w. corner; lot 80x135..
$2700— Seminary aye.: 1 acre of land; cottage.
4 rooms; all fitted up for chickens.
WEST OAKLAND.
$1100— Lot 25x110 on Peralta at., cloee to sta-
tion; modern, high basement cottage, 6 rooms
and bath; newly painted; In first-class condition.
$1000— West side Center st. ; good location; cot-
tage, S rooms.
$2000— Willow st.. near Thirteenth; lot 35x115;
2-etory house, 8 rooms.
$2000— N. W. cor. Willow and Eleventh sts. ;
2-story house, t rooms and bath.
$2000— Tenth st.. near Union: lot 13x115; mod-
ern cottage. 7 rooms and bath.
$2:oo— Union St.. near Eighth; lot SCxISJ; mod-
em cottage, 6 rooms and bath.
— LOTS —
$500— Lot containing 8750 equare feet: on W.
side Twelfth aye.. ICO feet N. of East Twenty-
fourth st: 1 block from electric cars; etreet
work all done.
$1000— N. E. cor. West and Twenty-second
sts.; lot 60x100; all work done.
$600— Lot 120x130; N. E. cor. Redwood road and
A'.lendale aye.. Fruitvale.
$?50— N. Bide Thirty-third st. bet Grove and
West; 60x100; street work all done.
$CoO— Lot near Telegraph aye.; 71 feet front-
age; a Bnap.
$225— Berkeley lot; 63x115; doe* to Bancroft
way.
»4KV-Market at. bet. Thirty-third and Thirty-
fourth; 80x116.
$645— Thirty-sixth st.. bet. Grova and "Wert;
40x120.
J7E0 — Market st., bet. Thirty-fourth and Thlr-
ty-fifth; tPxIOO.
t7E7— West et.. bet Thirty-second and Thirty-
third; 45xlie.
$4S7— Thirty-fourth it. bet. Market and Ban
Pablo aye.; 27:Cx100.
$1200—800 front feet; In Fruitvale: near Fruit-
vale aye.; worth $3000; must be sold.
$1500— 75x109; en the E. flfle of Tenth art., 75
feet B. of Eaet Sixteenth st.; worth $2750.
Large lift of lots In all parts of Oakland at
greatly reduced prices.
Send for map of Central Land Co. lota that
we are almost giving away; between Ban Paßlo
aye. and Grove it.. Thirty-second and Thlrty-
elxth sts.
WILLIAM J. PINGEE,
?f>3 Broadway. Oakland.
Room IS. *ec<">nl floor. Mills building. S. F.
PEDFETEV ITWEDTICEMENTC
DIKKHLIi AVibKlloLMcMj
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J3CC— "-ROOM cottage, $100 cash, balance $15 per
month, including lntrrest. W. C. MORAN.
$1000— J1C0 CASH, balance $12 per month, will
buy a 5-roora cottage; *«? it; could not build
the house for the money. W. C. MORAN.
$:s'io WILL buy a 0-roorn cottage; street work
all done; 1 Hock tt> train and electric car.
W. C. MOHAN.
51500— 7-ROOM house; lot EOxlOO; $300 cash,
balance on terms to suit. W. C. MORAN.
11200-5-ROOM cottage; lot 120x227; $200 cash,
balance V.i> per month. W. C. MORAN.
52700— NEW *-rcKirn house; near cars and Uni-
versity rornor lot; :.oxloo. \V. C. MORAN.
J3i"A>-2^ ACRES; this property is cheap at
tyyiO iirr acre; 4-room <-ottaee, con $13uO to
build; toed wci] and runiji; part of street
work done and in the heart of town; $1300
mortgage can remain. W. C MORAN.
$ICO Ul* for lot?: see come of the barpalns I
have on my list. W. C. MORAN, Lorin eta-
tion. Berkeley.
irw BERKELEY BARGAIN $2590
Lot 105x100 tn northwest corner Shattuck aye.
and Emerson St.. with a good two-story and
hasemrnt house of 7 rocms and bath; hardwood
mantel: etationary wafhtubs: Grove-tt. (Shat-
tuck-ave.) oars pass the door; 1 block from
Berkeley local <Ashby station); price only $2500;
cheap at $C^Oo. as the lot alone is worth $:000
end the house could not t>e built for JIQOO. Par-
ticulars of David nush. Country Department.
O: H. IMCSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
FOR sale-A bargain; grocery store, stock and
fixtures; lot ttt^JOSS; on Ehattuck aye.. Berke-
ley; Tvcrih tSito; can be purchased for $::00;
fine location.
BartcalEs in finest rrsfder.ee property in
Berkeley, close to the university. I am new
opening up several fine tracts on the first of
the year, to be sold in subdivisions to su;t.
one to five acre iracts. improved O r unim-
proved, located :n Schmidt's village, north of
Berkeley; suitable for fine chicken ranches
mad homes; only 15 minutes' drive to State
University. For further particular!" Inquire
r f GEO. SCHMIDT. Schmidt block. Berkeley.
SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
Two modern houses, eastern frontage and
grand marine view; 9 rooms; elegant finish,
<rci»!it walks, etc; only half a block from
University of California; all ready to move
Into: easy payments. Particulars of M. L.
WURT.S. Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakld.
BARGAIN — S rooms, modern Improvements; en
electric car line: near trains, schools; ea^y
tmrif; owner. H. R. ABRAHAMSO.N, 111
Laurel aye.. Oakland.
2.ZS A r HES en Shattuck aye.. near Woolsey
et.. r.-ish modern 4-r"om cottape; must sell at
a sacrifice. See NAMAXXY, Lorin Station.
IC'' l^)— NEW. modera l-room house; close to C.
C; etreet improved.
$2500— Neat ;-rocm house; near depot; street
Improved.
$55!V-Lcts on Grore «t.. or.« cf the prettiest
streets In town; terms to *u!t
O. G. MAY & CO..
Berkeley Station.
FREITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
IFRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR EALE BY H. A. PLEITXER,
FRUITVALE PTATION. CAL.
tZrA— Choice lot 100x150; only 1 block from
*lectric cars; tee this for a bargain.
$J~'.O — House of 4 rooms and basement; !trn*
chicken-hous*: g-ood well and pump; lot 60x119;
a.l fenced; $IXI r..ft, baJ*nce on your own
terms.
V.y>— Cnttsxe o* 4 ronmi; lot £0x108; barn,
chicken-house, fruit trees etc. ; easy terraa If
<let.lred.
JS5O— House of rooms; email hothouse; fine
%¦«!! and force- pump: fruit trees, shrubbery,
(table and ch!cken-hous<»: 1-n 75x110; all fenced.
»35*— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: stationary
tubs: chicken and pigeon houses; 4 blocks from
Tr.enty-thlrd-ave. station.
$1400— For cale in Alameda, 2-story houre of
<6 rooms and bath; Ftable; larse lnt; 3 blocks
fmm Park-st. station: fine neighborhood; street
xvork ar.d cmer.t Fidewalk complete.
K2,'pO — Vm acres in choice fruit; cottaee of 5:
roorrt. and hath: fine mantel; 7-foot basement:
EUie: all floored: pood well and force runp;
ftiib>, chkken house, fie. ; ndjoininjj electric
caif : on!y 1 mile from FruitvaJe station.
H. A. PLEITXER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FOREST PARK TRACT!
Only * Few Minutes From the Station.
H-Acr* 3*c»ts. H-Acre Lots. >i-Acre Lots.
In a MILLIONAIRES' district at a WORK-
IXGMAN'K rrice. for immediate «=al«»; U per
front foot up; two wet-ks enly at above price.
Lots I7S te~t deep and any frontage desired;
nil streets frraded. water ripe* to every lot; in
Fruitvale sanitary district: over 4000 forest and
fruit trees on this tract; a Rood *r'eculat!on if
you do not want a home; we build to suit you;
title guaranteed; close to car and transporta-
tion lines.
f3ofi— lx)t Kflxl": fifty trees on the property.
$.W!H-I^t f0x175; finest toil in Fruitvale.
J6oo— Lot 142i173: fineM Foil In Fruitvale.
Three-acre chicken ranch; chance of a life-
sJf>oa— Chicken ranch: houee 4 rooms; bis lot.
finr>o— 3 and 4 room cottages at 114 per month
JITSO— Two 5-mom onttatres: $17 a month.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Fan Francisco Office, room 2, pround floor.
rt2 Sansome Ft.; Fruitvale Office, half a block
firii Fruiival" Ftation.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— VO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
tZ'TA— S-ROOM house; bath; In perfect order;
private and city water supply; barn, with
coachman's room, etc.; large Kardfns; foun-
tain in sard; close to business center; lot £5
f«**t frontage: Al neiphborhood; this prop-
erty 1» owned by the Ravings bank and we
are authorized to Fell at cost; seeing Is be-
Uerlnc; call ar.d eramine it.
J. S. MYERS.
10C2_Broadway. Oakland.
A JiOOO PROPERTY FOR t^'Xl. ~
Seven rooms, bath; strictly up to date; flrst-
cJass ord«--r; larre lot: street work all done;
Al neighborhood; |3uo cash, balance bank
tcortc&ge; this offer for 6 days only.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
S NHW houses. Just completed;' the latest lm-
rrnvcmer.ts; ranging in price from Jl6OO to
S2W): convenient to station; they are bar-
rains and worth the time to examine them;
f.rst come, first choice.
J. 8. MYERS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
BUFIXEFS paying f7<.>o i*r month: fine Etock
rK>3t». thoes and machinery; I1S00; rent Ftore
tM. C. K. KING. SK):- Broadway. Oakland.
LOI>OiING house. 22 rooms; full of boarders;
r*nt house 126 50 month; only $400. C. X*
KING. 802 Broadway. Oakland.
45 ACRES near Livcrmor»»; new house and
r«.rn: *ood land: or.ly $IXO. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
44 ACRES with 2 fine houses. In East Oak-
land; barn, windmill and orchard; KVn, or
¦will fU 1 BTf. with Fmall houye $;-oo C
K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
rrr^O— TWO *Jerant new houses 7>f t and 6
room* respectively; modern !n every detail;
lfth Fttuated upon eunny elde of Ptreet: one
located on Linden st.. just a few Fteus to
th» cars: other Is located on cr.e of the cross
f-'-rrclr. between 2 main electric car Jir.e?; both
very Bunr.y and pleasant: term* can b» ar-
ranged to suit. GEO. B. M. GRAT.
4^4 Ninth st.
A BARGAIN— F!n« house of 8 rooms laundry
ftnd bath: well located in cood neighborhood;
$1200 cash ar.d Lalance flat loan at S r*r cent.
GEO. B. M. GRAT,
4J4 Ninth *t.
F^'R rale at a bargain— A Hue comer lot, 150 x
129 fc*t, with S-room modern cottaKe and out-
houses : Ftrf-f-t v/ork oimpl-te; grounds Im-
proved : variety of bearing fruit trees: shrub-
bery, etc.; good neighborhood: one block to
electric car line; price reduced from $7000 to
$4.-0 to effect immediate tale; owner called
ALBERT BCHMIDT.
1122 Thirteenth aye.. Katt Oakland, Cal.
ItOfc-^GBOCEZtY Ftnre. with fixtures, all com-
p!ete; »HI located and good business; owner
*Ick; sood reason fcr eellir.g. ALDEN CO..
511S Broad v. ay.
MOXF.Y to loan nn ranch rror>erty at CH net.
ALDEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
52^00— ELEGANT new all modern residence; 7
r;"im*: corner let; or trade equity AL-
;>HX CO.. HIS Broadway.
Ztnon—rOTTAnv:: C rooms, stable and grounds
JAS. S. NAISMITH. ~
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS.
Look here— Just finished; five fine new large
modern houses in the very best residence part
cf the city; two clready Fold: only ten minutes'
walk from narrow gaug* station: will sell these
or. your own terms and at prices that cannot
be met by any one In the city. Call at the office
»>rd we will chow them to you. 402 Ninth st
Oakland.
J:'O CASH: $12 to monthly till paid for; a new
2-rtory house of S rooms, bath, pantry, wash
room; plenty of closets, stable, ehed, chicken
house, etc.; city water and sewer; eanltary
plumbing: an up-to-date property: large deep
lot; tituat* nn Fruitvale »vc; cars pass the
door; 2 blocks from a model «chool; fine tur-
rouniiing*; le an Ideal home; price all told
ROOT; will exchange. Cull 455 7th et.. Oak-
land. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
fiQBfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
WEEK DA^^Ar^ 1^
•3:4 P. 8:15. «CO. 6:SO p. m *" **•'• n: <*
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vi!l« .~a m
tael. en Mondays, Wednesdays a^id « ?*^ Ra<
at 9:00 and 11: JO p. m ua " aa *« «d Saturdays,
SUNDAYS— •$:<». •13:00 , -
t:l3, *4:43. «:SO. t:W> p m ' 13 ° *• »-: 1:^,
Trains marked (•) run ta 4>« <-»_
TROM SAN RAFAEL TO IXv
¦Sjggfc It R .s! a'nYio^T^"^ -
Trains masked (•) start f™™ »
FROM MILL VALLErToSv^o 13 * 111^
WEEK DAYS-5T5 ••« 7^ r *ANCI3CO.
12:35. 2:35. »:4S. 5:2b p m ' 1Si ' * :tt *• »•»
¦ *a THROUGH TRAI\-«
FACTS ABOUT BANANAS.
Why the Red Banana Has Disap-
peared.
Red bananas are so scarce nowadays
as to be practically a rarity; the prevail
ing banana is yellow. Twenty years and
more ago the red was the prevailing
banana and the yellow the rare one. The
change from red to yellow is due to com
mercial reasons; the yellow banana Is
more profitable.
The yellow banana requires less care
and time in the -cultivation, and so costs
less in that stage. It sticks to the bte-n
better than the red banana, and so stands
more yellow bananas to the bunch than
red. With all these marked ¦ advantages
in its favor the yellow banana has prac
tically driven the red banana out.
With this great scarcity red bananas
now bring fancy prices; It may be ten
times as much as yellow bananas. Wltn
yellow bananas at $1 or $1 50 a bunch red
would be worth from $6 to $11. and there
would be fewer in a bunch. Red bananas
Beir nowadays In the fruit stores as high
as 20 cents each. The comparatively :ew
bunches Imported are taken by dealers in
fine and fancy fruits as novelties, the
rarity. In large measure, determining the
price. It may be asked . why, with red
bananas at such prices, more are not cul
tivated; to which the answer Is that If
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 51S Market.
$650— COTTAGK and lot on Pine St.. 'West Oak-
land. HUGH M. CAMERON. 105S Brodaway,
OaHand.
OIL
100 acres land; half cash, balance easy terms.
Owner, P. O. box 420, Oakland.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E X Smart &w, Cal W R Madnry. Fresno
Mrs O M Hudepohl, Mrs I L Hehert. Cal
Grass Valley Mrs C M Gilflllan. Cal
T A Gilbert. Portland J G Franclt. Woodlnd
I) M Reynolds, Cal A <: Vincent. Chicago
A M Allen. Cal G Kllburn & w. Cal
J X Kenton. Nora» A P Dickinson. A rmona
X M lUiberts. Bakersfld E M Roberts. Bksfld
J B Tregloar. Oakland Mrs J Perry, Los Ang
R Wilson Salt Uke Mnt E B Ladner. Cal
Mrs F Nicolal, Portld EH Jones & w. Sacto
O F Marman. Idaho B E Heartt, Los An*
LL Ol instead. Minn J Cochrane &w. Cal
XV A Whitney. Grd Isle M Rosenblum, Chicago
A II Jones, Green Bay C B Overacker. N»es
C A Copeland, Stanfrd'Miss M Robblns, Nlles
W A Stephens. Chico L A Pohlmann &w, •
J Sloan. Winnemucca Santa Cruz
L M Knaugh. S Leand J Kullman, Benlcia
Miss A Stephens. Chlco H H Hunter. San Jose
Mrs Dlller, M Park Miss Campbell. Orovlle
M E Ellis Jr. S Clara E P Varle & fy. Napa
D Hanley. Butte P Nichols, Napa
J Walsh, Butte I Mrs Kuck. Menlo Park
G C Osborn, Athena Mrs M Kuck. M Park
E C Cowell, Rlverbank E S Ix>vett. Stanford
L R Prince. Boston E R Thomas N V
Le Roy Wakner. Ohio O A Buell, Stockton
II W Walker. Willows D O Stover. Freeport
J C Frank. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr G yon Wldelstaat. C T Knlsely, Chicago
San Mateo R H Farrel. Los Ang
W O Stone, San Mateo F W Beemer & w,
A P Maginnls, L Ang Durango
F A Demens, Los Ang H Eaton. 3 N
A L I^evinsky. Stktn C L Pryal &w. Oakld
E B Aschermann & w, H J Small, Sacto
Chicago D H Rand & w. Or
E Tyner. Chleato • W R Armsby, Sacto
L L Lumsden, U S N H Sullivan, Sacto
D M Addison, US N J A Lewis. Chicago
P W Delano, U S N J T Lyons. Chicago
W J Madden, Cal H L Heffner. Chicago
R Nixon & w. Portld H J Hildebrand. N V
A I, Beebe, Portland J J Summer X V
O Oleson. Nebr W H Berthelet. Wls
A Nlnnan, Vallejo S Parker. Honolulu
A Staley, S N Mrs A Ware. lowa
G F Meacham Aw, |F X Ware &w. lowa
Seattle U; m Faris. S N
H T Gage. Sacto !u Spear. Spokana
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G W Hazard. Lou Ang A R Moulton, Chicago
Miss M McLeod, S Jose F L Driggs, Chicago
F Roche, Fresno W Freeman & w, Cal
J B Arnott, Seattle P Lynch Oregon
J Rlni. San Mateo Miss R Lynch. Oregon
C W ¦Williams, Sulsun J F Lockley, Oregon
J Moran, Vallejo T Fitzeerald. Wash
H Soloman, Dlxon Mrs Clark. Stockton
D F Hardlns, Los Ang Mrs Bryan, Stockton
P J Murtha, Modesto T Smart & fm, Utah
thence to St. Paulus German Evangelical Lv-
- theran Church, corner of Eddy »»<J v Go . u^
streets, where funeral services will b« held
commencing- at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In -this city, January 20, 1900, »"**-
beth J., beloved wife of Thomas R. Smith,
and mother of Frank and Ellen Smith, a na-
tive of Stockton, Cal.. aged 32 years 2 months
and 13 days.
E7"Remain» at the parlors of H. F. Bunr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
STANLEY— In this city. January 18, 1900. Cap-
tain William S. Stanley, husband of Mary
Ann Stanley, and father of Mrs. W. H.
Grevcs. Martha Stanley. Mrs. C. W. Gard-
ner and Mrs. C. W. Brandt, a native or
Greenwich, England, ageH 65 years. .
(^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the pas-
pices of Crockett Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TESSIEN-In this city. January 20. 1900. Ru-
do!:>h Anton, beloved son of Rudolph and
Marie Tesslen. a native of San Francisco.
a«e<l 1 year and 9 days.
TJADER— In this city. January 15. 1900. Curry
W. Tjader. brother of the late Frederic McG.
Tjader.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
TJADER-In San Dlezo, December 22. 1839,
Frederic McG. Tjader.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
YON PERHACS— In this city, January 18, 1900,
Julius A. yon Perhacs, beloved brother of
Lajoa yon Perhacs, a native of Hungary,
aged 3* yea,rs. (New York City papers please
copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
WIGGINS— In Oakland. January 19. 1300. Eliza-
beth C. Wiggins, beloved wife of James S.
Wiggins, n native of Sydney, N.S.W.. aged
44 years and X> months. "(Downievllle Messen-
ger please copy.)
lTs*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), p.t 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 557 Twenty-third street. Oakland, Cal.
WILLIAMSON— In this city, January 19. 1900,
Henry, beloved husband of Alice Williamson,
father of Mary Williamson, and brother of
John and Joseph Williamson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years. (Brooklyn. N. V.,
papers please copy.)
ET'FTier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, X.7 Potrero avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Cemetery, via 10:40 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
W 182.77. N 360 to point of beginning, to cor
rect deed of May 13, 1892, Oakland: $10.
G. A. Willard (executor of the estate of
Robert Foster Patten) to Adelaide O. Patton,
all interest in lot on i> corner of East Eleventh
•street and Seventh avenue. SE 150, SW 150.
NW 75. NE 1. NW 75, NE 149. to beginning.
East Oakland: $2700.
Henry. R. and Elizabeth L. Miller to X H. T.
Watklnson. lot 20, Buena Vista Homestead,
Oakland: $10.
Josephine C. Swift to A. P. Gonzales, lot on
E line of Hannah street. 150 S of A street. S 50
by E 133. being the S half of lot 6, block N-786,
Oakland; $200.
Margaret .and Edward Dolan to J. J. John
son, lot on NW line of Tenth avenue, formerly
Taylor street. 120 XE of East Seventeenth, for
merly Harrison. NE 30 by NW 122, block B.\
Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Carl Waechter (by Hermann Joost. attorney)
to Henry Stein, lot on S line of University
avenue, 104 E of Eighth street, E 104 by S 100.
being lots 3 and 4,- block 98, Schnelle Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Rachel & Clothilda Simon to Mellta Baum
(Frank), lot on S line of Berkeley way, 350.30
E of Louisa street.. X 36 by S 110, being lot 42,
College Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Conrad
Scheel. lots 8. 9 and 10. block ?0. Map of Daley's
Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
George G. and Frances E. Baker, Jeppe Jor
gensen, Walter F. Lewis and George W. Reed
(by A. W. Bishop, commissioner) to Union Sav
ings Bank, lots 47 and 4S. block 34. lots 8 and
9, block F. lots 16 and 17. block 31. and lots
5. 8 aiid W half of lot 6, block 23. on map of
resubdivision of Smith's Subdivision Matthews
Tract, Berkeley: $951.
Frederick A. Marriott of New York to Fred
erick Marriott of San Francisco, all interest
In lot on N line of Railroad avenue. 100 E of
Morton street. E 50 by X 150. block 32. Fitch
Homestead Tract, subject to a mortgage, Ala
meda; $10.
Isabel Reed to Mary L. Reed, lots 19 and 20,
block B, on map of resubdlvlslon block B.
Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; also
property In Monterey; tift.
Thomas Ward. Mary Ward, John J. O'Rourke
f»t. al. (by Clarence Crowell, commissioner) to
Thomas Moran, lot 3 65 to 74. Map of Roee
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $280.
Fred A. Prlndle to L. W. Burrls, lot on SW
line of East Twenty-third street. 130 NW of
Twenty-third avenue, NW 35.35 by SW 100. be
intr a portion of lots 2 and 3. block B. subdi
vision Heald's Twenty-third Avenue Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $2600.
L. W. Burris to Lizzie L. Woodward, same,
Brooklyn Township; $2500. • --i
Norris W. Palmer Jr. to Llnwood Palmer,
beginning on the dividing line of lands of
Palmer and Barker, distant 746 N from N line
of Buena Vista avenue, X 360. W 204.97, S 360,
E 204.97. to beginning, Alamoda; $10.
Richard Barron to Paul V. Garin, lot on
N Une of B street. 60 E of Watklns. N 110 by
E 90, Town of Haywards; also right of way
over strip of land described as follows: Lot
on E line of Watklns street. 110 N of B, E 150
by N 9. same, Eden Township; $10.
J. S. and Mary I. A. Myers to Mary C. Noyes,
lot on W line of McClure street. 140 N of Pros
pect avenue, N 45 by W 104. being- lot 9, Mc-
Clure Academy Grounds, Oakland: $10.
Byron L. and Alice C. Davonport to Karl H.
Nickel, lot IS. block L Thermal Hill (formerly
thp Hows Trßct). Oakland: SIP.
Karl H. Nickel to W. N. Macintlre, same,
Oakland: JW. '
R. J. McMullen & W. C. Moody (trustees
James J. and Florence ID. Reid) to State Sav
ings Bank. 6T.1 D. 441, lot on SW corner Butter
wcrth and Ralston streets. AY 120 by S 133,
belnK lot 1. block 4. State University Home
stead No. 3. truEtce's deed. Berkeley; $900.
Andrew Proctor to Peter M. I^en*. lot on E
line of Blalne avenue. 225 S of Twelfth street.
S 60 by E 125. portion of lots 5 and 6. block
M. Huntington Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Patrick I*. Bassett and Michael O'Rourk* (by
A. W. Bishop, commissioner) to Oakland Loan
and Investment Company. lot 3. block D. Fruit
vale Station Tract. Brooklyn Township: $512.
F. C. and Minnie Nllson or Nllsen or Nielsen
to R. Vergez and M. Mathebat, lot on NE line
of Cherry street, 220 NW of Mountain View
avenue. NE 150. NW 41. R. SW 150. SE 42.4 to
beginning, beinjr lot 1. block 17, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Catherine A. Cassin to Maria C. Andirson.
lot on S line of Forty-fifth street. 190 W of
Grove. W 50 by S ICO. beln* lot 12. block 2107.
Alden Tract at Temescal. Oakland: gift.
Town of Berkeley to W. J. Mortimer, all In
terest In lot on E line of Shattuck avenue. ISO
N of Cedar Ftreet. N 120 by E 30. portion of lot 3
It to ]i, block 5. resubdivision of block 5. Anti
sell Tract, quitclaim deed. Berkeley; JlO.
Stanley and Caroline Stephenson. Bank cf
Alameda, Frank F. Titus, as executor estate of
Daniel Titus (by J. r,. Lanktree, commissioner),
to Mary L. Lancaster, lot on N line of Snn Jose
avenue. 300 E of Walnut street. E 50 by N 150.
being lot 7. in W half of block X, lands adja
cent to Enclnal, Alameda; $2851.
DIED.
Borle, Catherine McLean. Albert H.
Burnett. Florence McMahon. Mary
Chamberlain. Mrs. Meany. Genevieve M.
Mary I. Mendelsohn Abraham
Christy. Robert x O'Connor. Michael
Clausmann, Emila O'Malley, Jamea
Curran, Annie M. Schutte, Margaret I.
Dupont, Auguste Schutten, Jacob
Falen, Albert Smith. Elizabeth J.
Falkinburg, Caroline Stanley, Capt. W. S. •
Greiner. Christiana Tessien, Rudoluh A.
Hannan, Dennis J. Tjader, Curry W.
Hopkins, Mrs. Sophia Tjader Frederic McG.
Joyce. Charles Yon Perhacs.JullusA.
Kearney. Mrs. Ellen Wiggins. Elizabeth
Lewis linfant.) Williamson, Henry
BORLE— In this city. January 20, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Gustavaus
Borle, mother of Llllle, Laura and Lewis
Horle, Mrs. Emma Matheson, Mrs. Katie
Lester and the late Mrs. Madeleine Welsh
and Henry Borle, and sl6ter of Mrs. Ellen
Lubbock and the late Mrs. Isabella Kenny,
a native of County Cavan, Ireland, apred 53
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Monday>, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 909 Page street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem hieh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencine at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BURXETT-In this city, January 20, 1900,
Florence, beloved wife of Henry M. Burnett,
and mother of Royal 0., Theodore C. and
Myrtle A. Burnett, a native of Sheffield, Eng-
land, aged 40 years 1 month and 11 days.
CHAMBERLAIN— In this city. January 19,
1900, Mrs. Mary Irene Chamberlain, mother of
Florence G., Edna L. and Willie K. Chamber-
lain, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aeed 42
years. .
CHRISTY— In this city, January 20, 1900, Rob-
ert, beloved husband of Auguste Christy, and
father of Emma Christy and Mrs. Robert
McGahey, a native of Ohio, aged S3 years.
CLAUSMANN— In thia city. January 20. 1900,
Emile Clausmann, beloved rrandson of Mrs.
Marie Clausmann, beloved brother of Marie
Clausmann and Mrs. Alice Bertin, and
brother-in-law of Mr. F. Bertin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 21 years and 8 months.
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandmother. 1912 Taylor street, between
Union and Filbert, thence to the French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres. where
services will be held.
CURRAN— In this city, January 19, 1000, Annie
M., beloved wife of the late Timothy Cur-
ran, and mother of Anna, Kdward, William
and the late Frank Curran and Mrs. J. B.
Ryan, a native of Limerick. Ireland.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 179 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where "a requiem high mass will be
celebrated fur the repose of her roul. com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriai:<\
DT'PONT— In Fresno, January 17, 1900, Auguste
Dupont. beloved husband of Eucenie Dupont,
and father of Mrs. C. Debiolles, a native of
lUris. France, aged f>9 years.
[ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
FALEN— In this city. January 20. 1900. Albert
Falen, a native of New York, aged 40 years.
FALKIXBURG— In this city, January 19, 1900,
Caroline H. Fa'Mnhurz. wife of Captain N.
H. Falkinburjr. a native of Green Bay, Wls.,
aged 6'_* years 10 months and 15 days.
inyFYie-iids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day-
(Sunday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
GREINER— In this city, January IS, 1300, Chris-
tiana Greiner, beloved mother of Mrs. Frank
Lester. Mrs. George W. Waltenbaugh and the
late Henry and Amelia Greiner. and grand-
mother of Grace V. and Edward Lester, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 61 years 8 months and
21 days.
lC7"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:39 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 631 Tennessee street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HANNAN— In this city. January 20, 19CV). Den-
nis J., beloved husband of Margaret Hannan,
and father of Annie. Hannan. a native of the
City of Cork, Ireland, aged 47 j-ears.
HOPKIXS-In AlanWa. January 20. 1900. Mrs.
Kophla P. Hopkins, beloved mother of Mrs.
.Tamos E. Agar, a native of Perm Van, Yates
County, Now York, nged 77 years.
tC?"Funeral Fervices this day <Sunday>, at
2:30 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited. Interment private.
JOYCE— In this city. January 15, 1900, Charles
Joyce, beloved husband of Elizabeth Joyce,
and father of Mabel Joyce, a native of Brent-
ford, England, aged 3S years -• months and 13
dayp. (Honolulu, H. 1., rap<"rs please copy.)
ICyFriendß and acquaintances and members
of Burnaby Lodge No. 194. Sons of St. George,
and sister lodges. San Francisco Aerie No. 6,
F. O. E.. and Ahwashte Tribe No. S9. Impd.
O. R. M., are respectfully invited to attend I
the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. I
from the hall of Burnaby Lodge, Shlels bulld-
?ng, 32 O'Fairell street. Remains at the par-
lors of A. V.\ Martin & Co.. lIS Geary etreet.
AHWASHTE Tribe No. S3, Impd. O. R. M.—
Officers and brothers are hereby notified to
nssemble at the wigwam this day (Sunday),
at 12 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. Charles Joyce.
GEORGE' D. KEELEY. Sachem.
J. T. CARKOLL, Chief of Records.
SAX FRANCISCO Aerie No. 5, V. O. E.— Offi-
cers and members are requested to meet at
their lodceroom at 12 o'clock sharp this day
(Sunday), for the purpose of attending- the
funeral of our late brother, Charles J. Joyce.
By order of the aerie.
GUS POHLMANN. Secretary.
KEARNEY— A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the late Mrs. Ellen Kearney
at St. Paul's Church to-morrow (Monday), at
8:30 o'clock. Friends are Invited to attend.
LEWIS— In this city, January 7, 1900, infant
daughter of Beckle and Herman Lewis.
McLEAN— In this city. January 19, 1900, Albert
H. McLean, a native of Michigan, aged 32
years. A member of San Francisco Lodge No.
63, International Association of Machinists.
IT7"Krlends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
OFFICERS and members of San Francisco
Lcdee No. 6S, International Association of
Machinists, are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, Albert H. McLean,
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the
parlors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29
Fifth street. JOHN A. KELLY. President.
JAMES MAGINNIS. Secretary.
McMAHON— In this city, January 20. 1900,
Mary, relict of the late John McMahon, and
mother of Mary McMahon and the late John
Edward McMahon and Mrs. Henry Goeta, a
native of Galway, Ireland, aged 49 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1610 Stockton street, thence by
11:30 o'clock train for Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEAXY— In this city, January 20. 1900, Gene-
vieve M., beloved daughter of John P. and
Susie F. Meany. a native of San Francisco,
a red 2 yearn 1 month and 12 days.
C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 4201 Eichtecnth Btreet, corner of
Diamond. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEXDELSOHX— In Watsonville, January 19,
1900. Abraham G. Mendelsohn, husband of
Minnie Mendelsohn, father of Joeeph, Max and
Samuel Mendelsohn, son of Aaron and Julia
Mendelsohn, and brother of Mrs. Esther
Harris, Mrs. Rebecca Winzler and Ben, Ike,
Harry and Sadie Mendelsohn, a native of Po-
land, aged 36 years 10 months and 11 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 517 A Xatoma street, where serv-
ices will be held by I'ioneer Lodffe No. 87, I.
O. F. S. of 1., thence by 11:30 o'clock train
to Hills of Kternl;y Cemetery for Interment.
O'CONNOR— Drowned near Vallejo, December
31, ISO 9, Michael, beloved husband of Nellie
O'Connor, father of Maggie, Nonle, Timothy
and Nellie O'Connor, and brother of Timothy
O'Connor and Mrs. Mary Halloran of Oak-
land, a native of Castle Island, County Kerry.
Ireland, aced 25 years.
¦ (r7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 5:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 232 Ritch street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of the Longshore Lumbermen's
Protective Association— You are requested to
attend the funeral of our deceased member.
Michael O'Connor, from the family residence,
332 Ritch street, this day (Sunday), at B '3o
o'clock. J. W. DECKER, President
J. E. REARDON. Secretary.
O'MALLEY— In this city, January 20, 1900,
Jamef, beloved husband of Mary O'Malley
and father of Patrick, James, Michael, Wil-
lie. Peter. Charlie and Edward O'Malley. a
native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 40 years
SCHUTTE— In this city, January 19, 1900, Mar-
garet 1., dearly beloved wife of John A.
Schutte, mother of Frank and Leo Schutte
daughter of Peter and Margaret Jennings,
and sister of Mary and James Jennlnsrs, a
native of San Francisco, aced 28 years 4
months and 1 day.
to~? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at. 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 61 Merritt street, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth. Danvers and Hattle. thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
SCHUTTEN— In this city, January 20. 1900
Jacob, beloved husband of Rebecca Schutten'
father of Henry, Em! lie and Helen Schutten'
and brother of Peter Schutten and Mrs. AVII-
liam Hahn. a native of Provlnz Rheln Ger-
many, aged 34 years 6 months and 14 days
A member of the Deutscher Kriecer Vereln'
Ernst yon Bandel Lodge No. 3. O d H 8 '
and Far West Lodge No. 2324. K. of H ' '
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1834 Lyon street, corner of Sacramento
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
¦OVTITKRTV PAtTiriC COSirAXT.
(TACIFIC HYSTKX.)
Train* l*i»»«* kdil nre Une (• nrrlv* al
SAT* rBAHCISCOi
(Main Lice, Foe: of liarLct Street.)
$75 CASH: $10 monthly: cottage of 3 rooms;
good well of water: 3 fine lots all fenced;
near 3 electric car lines: fine schoolhouse and
PO-foot boulevard: poll, view and climate the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds; AHendal*
Tract, adjoining Kast Oakland; price all
told $6.-,0; 'all or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth Ft., Oakland. H. '/.. JONES, owner.
FOR sale or rent— Beautiful 10-room house;
large grounds: fruit trees; chicken houses.
€74 East Twenty-sixth st.. Oakland.
THE first-class, old-established business; good
reasons for selling: rare chance. E. E.
RI'NTK. SW Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND M'RMTt'RB FOIt SALE.
AX Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
fuflture dealer. 11th snd Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT JSOTICKS.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propel ler Com -
pany, office and principal place of business
227 Market st.. San Francisco. *
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Bo.'.rd of Directors, held on the 18th day
cf December. 1899, an assessment (No. 7) of
one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital etock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. :s>(o. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of eale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
327 Market St.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edward J. Reynolds. 39, city, and Marls C.
Woods, 25, city.
John R. Scott, 27, 4 Elizabeth place, and
Jennet I. Youmr, IS. 6 Elizabeth place.
Irven Shipley. 21, 60W4 Minna street, and
Margaret Paulsen. 21, £09% Minna street.
William R. Rowland, 24, 1510 Powell street,
and Annie I> Fevre, 18. 1413 Powell street.
Richard A. Kappen, 25, city, and Emma M.
Grunwald, 22. city.
Joseph E. McGlnty, 24, Nogales, Arts., and
Eliza A. Tillson. 22, city.
L*o Slml, 21, 611 Lombard street, and May
Badaracco. IS, S2O Vallejo etreet.
Mons Nllsen. 23. llaVi Eleventh street, and
Sine C. Dahl, 19. 62 Erie street.
Huso Waldeck. 4L city, and Leonle E.
Hlrgchfeld. 2S. city.
Charles A. Thompson. 26. 107 South Park, and
Rope E. Lawless. 23, 107 South Park.
Joseph P. Linden, 29, Vallejo, and Mary A.
Toner, US, city.
Aupus-t E. Knust, 33. 845 Shrader street, and
Jennie Johnson, 19. Kelseyvllle.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Coivtinued from Page Thirty-One.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PlSAGUA— Arrived Dec t— Bktn Araro, from
Callao.
Sailed Jan 19 — Bktn Arago, for Honolulu.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 12— Br ship Hydera
bad,, hence Au£ 19.
COLON— Arrived Jan 17— Br stmr Athos. from
New York.
Sallfd Jan 17— Stmr Finance, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 20— Br
stmr Breconshire. from Tacoma; Br stmr Car
lisle City, from San Diego.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Jan 20— Jap
stmr Idzum! Maru. from Seattle; Br fctmr Bel
gian Kins, from San Diego.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 19— Bark Bl*
Bonanza, from Port Gamble.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 20— Stmr Western
land, for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Jan 20— Stmr St Loula,
from Southampton, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Jan 20— Stmr Dresden, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Ovto.
from Liverpool; stmr Gera, from Bremen.
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
New York, from Southampton and Cherbourg;
stmr HesDeria. from Marseilles.
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Ems, for Genoa, etc.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will rot be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the oublicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
BORN.
APPIN— In this city, at the Potrero, January
13. 1900, to the wife of James Aspln, a daugh-
ter. .
UIXMAN— In Oakland, January 15. 1300, to the
wife of Henry L. Hlnman, a son.
BOritKE— In this city, January 13, 1300, to the
wife of J. J. Bourke, a daughter.
BOYD— In thia cjty, January S. 1900, to the wife
of John A. Boyd, a daughter.
DEMPSEY— In this city, January 13, 1900. to
the wife of M. J. Demusey, a son.
EDGAR— In this city. December 25. 1899. to the
wife of John Edsrar of Llvermore, a son.
GUNNING— In this city. December 23, 1599, to
the wife of M. S. Gunning, a daughter.
LAI'.KEY— In Krultvale. Cal.. January 10. 1300,
to the wife of J. J. Larkey, a eon.
LEWIS— In this city, January 7, 1900, to the
wife of Herman Lewis, a daughter.
McKENNA— In thin city, January 20, 1900, to
the wife of J. V. McKenna, a daughter.
NOXNENMANN— ta thin city, January 7, 1900,
to the wife of Henry Nonnenmann, a daugh-
ter.
O'KOURKE— In this city. January 19, 1900, to
the wife of Hugh O'Rourke, a daughter.
SCHUMANN— In this city. January 9, 1900, to
the wife cf Adolph A. Schumann, a son.
ETOLTZ— In this city. January 17, 1900, to the
wife of Cliarles M. Stoltz, a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In Vallrjo, January 18, 1900, to the
wife of Jere L. Sullivan, a son.
WOODS— In Oakland. January 16. 1900. to the
wife of J. H. Woods, a son.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
HFORITrNAVYWA^^
Steamer "Monticello."
HON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. «
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main UCS.
FARE sac
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkone with steamers fcr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Balllni.
NIPPON MARIT Friday, Feb. !)
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offi:«.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. 11. AVERY, General Agent.
©HfMft MB|| 8. S. Moana sails via
i 3 (P&IaSU. Honolulu and Auclt-
•tWMW ] an( i lor Sydney Wed-
m"^—^L nesday. Jan. 24. at 8
r^MfnSlllD^ TTh 0, h0 s - 8 ' Australia
eaI1 " for Honolulu
(OfilD3fZW- Wednesday. Feb. J.
•*^- V-niiS'uiicr 1500. at J o. ra.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. 0. SPRECKELS 81 BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Mentgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market S t
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. 80UTHAXPT0N. LONDON. PAXII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Jan. 24 New York Feb. 14
St Louis Jan. 31 St. Louis. ......Feb. 21
St. Paul Feb. 7 Friesland Feb. 28
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorl< aod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Fiiesland Jan. 24 I Kensington ....Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 I Noordland Feb. 21
Westernland....Feb. 7 f Friesland Feb. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. AMcrjacl. Dawson City.
For full information regarding? freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COiTPANY.
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
Leave - ArrW»
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-— October 15.
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:CO int Novato. 15:40 am 8:40 am
t:3opm 9:30 cml Petaluma. 6:05 pmil9:!s ar.x
6:10 pm fi:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pra j «:22 pra
Fulton.
1:50 am Windsor. 10:25 ana
H'aldsburs.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:39 pm S:00 am Cloverdals. 7:35 pm «:2J pn»
7:30 am Hopland and
*:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm <:22 pm
7:30 am io : 25 aai
8:00 am Guernrvin«. 7:23 pta
*:39 pm g : »2 p=l
7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma 19:40 am 840 a-i
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pm 1:23 pra
7:Ji> am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 amllO-25 am
8:20 pm! S:CO pm 7:35 pmj «:22 ym
Stages connect at Banta Rosa for ilark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttcn
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservtlle for Skacni
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at H*u-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland SDrtnrV
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lak£
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vie 1 -*
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. La-are'
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upp«r Lake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside LierieyV
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hulrvllle Orr'i
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort fera*-
Westport. Usal. Wtllltts. Laytemvlllo, CurZ'-
m'ng's. Bell's Sprjngs. Harris. Ols-a'a. Dre-
Ecctia and Eureka. wk.
Saturday to Monday round tr!p tlcketa at r-»
tfuced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trio tickets to a!l polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates "*
HTH T C ke WH f IT^G! s<> 'k^RY^^
General Manager. G«a. Pass. Axent.
California I imited
COAST DIVISION iN.irrnrr Gauge).
(Foot of ll.irket StreeS.)
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLAHTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Ealllns every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2; 1599. at «*f*!»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st: LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 25: La NOR-
MANDIE. Feb. 1; Le BRETAGNE. Feb. 8:
L.AQUITAINE. Feb. 15. First-class to Havre.
$60 and upward: S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre, $43: S per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson bulldlne). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
MontEomery aye., San Francisco.
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Thai* Leaves Saw Francjscoj
3 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
ssturday. arriving; in Chicago at 2- 15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains lor New York. »-««u
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5-H
EXPRESS E™V Wl "l PaU « and Tounil
DAILY S°^S? t7 ' SUo^
aad Bakersfield. Blare ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office 61
TRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Ma!
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O IR, T 3Li A.3STID
From Sp»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Berth
IntiL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 23; Feb. 2. 12
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 22; Feb. 7. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajent.
639 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
OCEAD* TRAVEL.
Coast Steamship Co.
)^ Steamers leavs Broadway
Fj*_^ nharf, San Francisco:
EsSgSgtefc Kor Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
*»^3raßSfc Jan. 21, 26. 31. Feb. 5. Change
J»?VvE*<flv£« to ccrn P an > r ' B steamers at
a**r*r^VCT» Fcr Victoria. Vancouver.
pH^gH fB. C). Port Townsend.
Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m.. Jan.
a M 31 Frt>. 5 and every fifth day thereafter;
Change at Seattle to this company's "earners
for AlLka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Pr • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Fureka (Humboldt Bay). J p. m.. Jan.
19-1 a?S 3 and every fifth day thereafter.
r.:.' Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay-
uc^S. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
P«nta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro
P^^an^ 0
'^SafDieiritoTpln* only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Bartsara, Port Los
ArTselPS and Redondo (Lc. Angeles) 11 a. m..
Jan. 21. 25. 23. Feb. 2. and every fourth day
tl Fo*r a Ens*enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos» del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For h " further Information obtain company's
The * company reserves the. right to ehang-?
eteamers. Failing dates and houra of sailing
without previous notice.
TJCKKi' OKFIVK-4 New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
COAST HI VISION (Croaii Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
Mark Twain's Retort.
Last year, in Vienna, S. L.. Clemens
(Mark Twain) pat talking with a Scotch
barrister named Guthrle.
"Do you ever smoke?" asked .Mr.
Clemens of Mr. Guthrle.
"Yes. Mr. Clemens," replied Mr. Guth
ri*». "when I am in bad company."
"You are a lawyer,- aren"t you, Mr.
Guthrie? 1 '
"Yes. I am."
"Ah." said Mr. Clemens, "you must be
a heavy smoker." — Philadelphia Post.
more were raised the price would go down
again, and there would be no profit in
raisin? them for the general demand in
competition with the more economically
produced, more prolific and better ship
ping yellow bananas. The red banana ap
pears to be now In Its scarcity like some
other kind of comparatively rare fruit?,
or, say, like game. Some people prefer
the flavor of the red banana, some prefer
that of the yellow; it Is probable that th*
great majority would have no choice; and
the far lower price at which the yellow
banana can be offered to the individual
consumer settres the question.
Bananas were never before so cheap as
they have been in very recent years.
Formerly a luxury that was rather costly
than otherwise, the banana is now a chyap
luxury. Very good bananas can now be
bought commonly in the streets in the
season at a cent apiece, or 10 cents a
dozen, such as formerly cost two or three
times as much. Formerly bananas were
brought to this country in sailing, vessels,
in slick, fast schooners, which with any
sort of favoring conditions made quick
trips: with adverse' weather, if long con
tinued, the cargoes rotted. Now bananas
are brought by steam, in fast steamers
built especially for the fruit trade. These
steamers may. of course, be held up by
storms, but they are not likely to be;
commonly they land cargoes here in a
specified time, and in the best and most
suitable condition for handling and mar
keting to the best advantage and with
the least possible waste, and with ad
vantage as to evenness of supply. The
great bulk of the banana trade in this
country Is now controlled by a company
which banana Importers have organized.
The bananas eaten in this country come
from Costa Rica. British and Spanich
Honduras, Colombia. Jamaica and Cuba;
that is. from countries around the south
ern part of the Gulf of Mexico and around
the Caribbean Sea, The bulk of the fruit
from the gulf countries goes to New Or
leans for distribution, that from the other
countries coming to Atlantic ports. For
many years bananas have had a more or
less wide distribution from the ports of
receipt, but they were never before co
widely distributed nor sold so cheaply at
interior points as now. Bananas are now
sold, not as rarities, but more or less com
monly, in all parts of the country; prac
tically everywhere— the eastern part of
the country being supplied from Atlantic
ports, and the Mississippi Valley and the
western part from New Orleans. Costa
Rica bananas are now shipped from New
Orleans over pretty much all the West
ern country to the Pacific Coast.— New
York Sun.
lsats — From December IX 1339. — >**rr»
•7:OOa Benlda. EutonD, Ehnlr*. VacaTlH*,
Kmcscyacil Sacnrnento .' Trta*
•7i«« l Shasta Espreas-Di'ia. WiUowa.
Bed Bluff. Fcrtlard.. .......... «7»4a»
•7:3»a Martinez. «anUamcn.\ allejo, JJapa,
CalistPßa and Santa T05a. ........ 'aiia*
•9:30* Thr Overland LI -ni ted— Ogden, Den-
»er. Omaha. Chirac. ............. »3«13»
•SiSSa Sail Jose. LlTcrmore. Stockton,
l..ne. Kacrameuto. Pfceerrilla.
MarysiKle. Cbico. Ue.l IJInO 2^'!!'
•StSVA •Milton. Oakdalo and 50nera....... •¦* tl*r
•0:OO» Hajirartls. » ilra and V. ay Stations. •11 :-43*
•«:OOaDit->. Woodland. KnishU Landing.
•9:09 a Atlactio I' x press— Oguen and Eos* # 0:43 a
•8i«Oa Martiuca, Tncy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Meicd and Froano •! 2» 1 3 »
•»iO«a PortCosU. litesao. HojaTO and I.os
AuKel* I*.1 *. • •8j4.1p
• I OiOO a Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Stations *<J : i'2 F
•HtOOAllaywar<33.Nilcsar-d Way Stat.cns. # ai*3»
•13tOOx Nilcs. LlTermorf?, Stockton. Sacra-
mento. Mcntiota, Ilanford, Viaalim,
POItCTTjIIO •*••¦»
f I:IOp B»cramonto l.'i»er 3te.«m«TS !, : 5? F
•StOOp Harvard*. Nilcs and Way Stations. •»»«»
¦4<O«r Martinez. Hau lUmon. Vallejo,
Napa. Calbtoßit. Santa Kosa I »" 3 »
Mil«f Benicia. VacaTille, Kacram«nto,
Woodland. X nights Landtag.
Marjs*Ul:\ Oro»il> 'tsl2*t s 12*
•4iB*r Nlles. Han Jose and Stockton «7i13»
•SiOOrTbo Onl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
IlaJeervjel.l, Baucis for Santa Bar-
bara. I.r» Angela •H»»43i
#3:0«f Sncsct Limited— El I'sao. New Or*
leans and Eart •I«t43*
•3iSOp Stockton, Mercc.l, Tresuo "ISsUf
•3130r Fksho, l:akei3i, <•:¦], Santu rHr»>sr-«.
I.oa Angles, Iteming. El Foao,
New Orlonus and East ? . . •••¦••1a
*3i80? BautA Fu ltoute— Atlaulla Expieta
for Mojaf a ami lias!; ••|43»
•6j*Of Haywardj, KilesandSau J0*5...... *7:1.1*
40i30r Vallejo •13i13r
•Oi3«>r Oriental Mall— Offiien and Eart ••:••»©?
ITiOOr Vallr jo. Tort CoaU and Way Sta-
tions J».53f
•St*3r Oregon and California Kxpreu.Nao-
Fitment. >. ?.lurjsw;>. ICe<t<l<ng.
PortlntKl. Pncff. HmiiMt and Kant *»tl*A,
•»:lOAN«waik.C'entcm!le,!S#n.!cne,Frlton.
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations «OiO«»
ttilSr Newark. Center»tlle, Kan Josa, New
Alznaden, Feltoo, lioulder Crrek,
Santa ( ruz and l*itnclpal Way
Stations t «•»»»»»
•411! Hr4 1 1! Hr Newark. Han Jose. Los Gatos. *5:2&4
IlltlSr Hnntcrs' Excursion. San Joso aad
m- Wny Stations J7i»t>»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtß US miRCISCO—Fott of Marktt Streat (Sli? «j—
•7:l* 9:00 11:00 A.M. |I:C3 *2:Ca t3:C3
•i:CO t3:C3 •6:C3r.u.
rrisOUUM— Tt*l*nt»*Utj.— "B:oo SO3 13C3».u.
tI2:C3 # 1:CO t3:50 '3:33 11:03 «B:C3f.M.
tail t»i Ocean View. South ban Francisco.. t<J>SOr
-•7iO«* San Joso a»4 AV»y Stations (N»w
T Almaden Wednesdays oulj) •li«0L»
'•BrO« A Han Jom. Tres Vinoa, Haiita Cma.
* PaciQo Groie. I'asn llobles. Ban
/• Luis Oliiaro, Surf. Lompoo aud
l'rincirtl Way Stutious Mil»r
•I Clio* Ban Jobs rd.l Way MUtlous ..V **>33a
• lli.io* Ban Jose aod Way Stations •3t3Or
i 43: 13r San Mateo. Uedwoori. Meolo Park.
' Palo Alto. Santa Ciara, Han Josa,
, Tres Pinos. Baut» Cniz. S&Unaa,
Monterey and l'»dfla GroTS flOiM*
riliXftr San .lose and Way Stations •?:3<)r
l fli!3r San Josetnd Principal Way Stations •»:«*
iSsOOp San Jose and Principal CTI7 Stations tOtOO a
*3:30p San Joso and Principal Way Buttons •*:.T3*
•8::»Op San Jose and WayBtations ?*:©<»»
HlM.'.r San Joao and Way Stations •Ti^Or
A for Morning. P fox Afternoon.
* Daily. t Sunday erected. X Sunday osly.
6 Saturday on!y.
AjQuidan and Fridays c Thursdays and Sudan.
CALIFOINU NORTBVESTEXN 11. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACiFiS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron F=rry. Foot of .Marks t St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:C<\ 11: CO a. m. : 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and li:W5 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C0. 9:JO. ll:«0 a. m.: 1:80. J::0.
6:00. «:20 d. m.
_SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:13 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and 6:33 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 8.10. 9:40. 11:10 a. in. ; 1:49. I:4*. S:CS,
6:25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par*
same schedule as above.
30BEANS— Bayos. $3 25®* CO: small White, $2 00
#3 10; large White. $2 60©2 80: Pinks. $2 M«
: 75; Reds. 3 7j®4; Blackeye. $4 60(j?4 75; Butters,
Deans rule firm at the advance, with a good
Beans and Seeds,
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bars. 707-; c: Wool
Ba-s. 2Sff3Cc.
COAl^-Welllr.Rton. $« per ton; New Wel
llnstcn. JS: Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle." $7: Bryant. 37; Cocs Bay. $5 50; Wallsend.
$i- Co-operative Wallsend, Jv. Scotch. ;
Cumberland. $10 In bulk and $11 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13: Cannel, $11
per ton: Coke. 415 per ton In bulk and $17 in
* a sUG.*R— The "Western S'-trar lternir.c Com
pany lias again advanced ita prices and
now nuotos, terms net cash. In 100-lh hags-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fin.» Crashed; ".So; Pow
dered. Z^f. Candy Granulated, r.'ic: Dry t;ran
ulatetl. Wbei «'onfer«ioners' A. f.^c; Mag
nolia A. 4- 4 c; Extra C. 4*,; c; Golden
C V-c: barrels. l-l*">c more: half barrels. Uc
more; boxf. lie more: .V-11.. Lags. \i,c more.
No orders taken for less than 7.'. barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. 3"ic; boxes,
6'.»c per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
1
j FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 20.
I Flour, qr sks '.3.2«! Sugar, sks.... 4.50 ft
Wheat, Ctls 5.555 Hay. tons zs»
Barley,- ctls M*s £*"¦• Ml * "^
Oats. Ctl3. 1.540 Hides. N0........ I.S.'G
Butter, ctls 3~*> | K«r«s. «loz 7.8 m)
Cheese ctls 3J!Wlne. gals C3.4.V)
Tallow, etl* 212 leather, rolls 117
Potatoes . c:ks 3.7\.-i guliksllver. risks 121
Onions sks "GJ Suear. bbln 90
Bran, sks l.t"' **hlcory. bbls 40
Middlings, sks... 575 Lime, bbls -. -;183
OP.EGON.
Flour qr sks 11.0-V) Onions, sks 1.051
OHt*.'ctls 45<> Feed, sks 4.403
Pptatoes. 5k5..... 3.W2
+ . f
United State? Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times nnd Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thortty of the Superintender
NOTK — The high tn<l low waters occur at
the city front <MUston-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the hcUhl of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Feed. 75@77Hc for No. 1 and es@72Vic for off
grades: Brewing nnd Shipping grades, 30@S7&c:
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No B nles.
OATS— Off Tin ck continue too large for the
demand, which l« noor.
White. $1 10(Sl 30: Red. $) A7"4f*l :0; Gray,
$1 074'crl 17Vi; Black. 97VjC<T$l Oivy. "
• CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 9r>c©
$1 02H per ctl nnd Eastern Yellcw at $1 050
1 10; mixed, 57Uc<9$l 024.
RYE-$l(gl 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Milistuffs,
FLOUR— California family extras. $t 60©J 7s.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4Cs&3 50 p«>r bbl for extra,
$3 25«a3 40 for bakers' and $2 2.".i33 fpr supernne.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are. as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $1 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 EC! Hominy. $3 2.".fi3 CO: Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. %3 75: Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. «" r.O: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6@7 25; in thicks, $5 Tj^f?; Pearl Bar
ley, $3: Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran continues firm and Hay easy under free
supplies. . ¦ .• .
BRAN— J!3 50^14 DO per ton.
MIDDLINGS-s:*©2o per son. .
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 514517 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. •*fi£27: jobblnir.
127 sn©2S: Cocoanut Cake. $20^21; Cornmeal.
$2*!924; Cracked Corn. $23 iftyU 50; Mixed Feed.
$15 Cottonseed M«-nl. $23 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 CCgfS XA for common to good
nnd $3#!< CO for choice: Wheat and Out. $7©3:
Oat. IS SCiffS: Barley. $5$T6 CO; Alfalfa. $5©S per
ton: compressed. S'jilO per ton.
STRAW— 2siiloc per bale. . '
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further change In anything.
Beef is easy. Hops steady and Mutton and
Lnmb flrm.
BEEF— 6»;S"Uc per Ib for Steers and 6@6*;c
for Cows.
VKAL—SiglOe rer 'b.
MUTTON— Wethers, SftS4e; ewes, 7*i©Sc per
pound.
L\MB— Ppr'.ns. 15c: yearlings. "®9c i>er Ib.
PORK— Live Hoes. S^ for small. s»ic for
medium and 514ft54c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, s*4fss*&c; dressed Hogs. 7®S4c.
General Merchandise,
TO SAIL
loans to the bank, but the Interest rate Is fall-
Ing Into continually greater eosc. drawing the
bar.* rate down after It. The European Gov
ernment banks show an even tr.cre abundant
reflux of funds Into reserves and a large re
duction of loan accounts, with constantly de.
cllnirg rates of interest. In New York the re- 1
turn ficw of funds from the Interior has s+: In I
In full and steady volume, after having b'.-en
steadily away tror.i New York, all through
t!ie ususal autumn period of return, while |
money rates In New York were sosring to yen- j
national fisrures. A 2 t^er cont rate for oa'l I
money Incites no desire tn operate In storks. !
and money lenders show incnasing willingness
to place time loans with the rate well below .". I
per cent. New York banks are again bidders for |
mercantile paper, with no very abundant supply ¦
In the market. The heavy absorption of railroad !
mortgages well secured and yielding 4 per cent I
leflects the increasing pressure of funds. The I
Increasing ease of money keeps prices of Ftock
firm, in sjjtte of the dullness, and railroad '
earnings continue a» a high level, in spite of |
eoti-.e decline in rolume of traffic, on account i
Of higher rates. Concessions In prices of Iron j
and other metals anJ the weakness in the
wheat market awaken interest as to the stabil- ]
ity of condition? in those Important branches 1
of the country** business.
Business in bonds, in contrast with th« dull- I
nets of stocks, has been Impressive in volume ;
ard at a general advance In prices.
United States new 4s advanced U. 3s and 5s i
*i. old 4s coupon s t and old 4s registered T s In I
the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cloein £ \
Sold. B;j_
L 250 Atchison 19*4 I
4.ZIX Atchison prefd 6C 7 » I
1.255 iialtlmore & Ohio ;,s*»
100 Canadian Pacific JJ', |
Car.ada Southern 4jt'j
617 Chesapeake & Ohio 30
1.645 Chicago Great Western 13 ;
4.160 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12.'4 •
Chicago Ind & Louisville 16 !
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 4« ;
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 85 ;
100 Chicago & Northwestern ISIU
1,515 Chicago Kock Island & Pacific lOti'j
€C 0 CCC & at Louis til ;
300 Colorado Southern s'?i
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43 I
100 Colorado Southern 2d pietJ 15 1
114 Delaware & Hudson 1!4>; [
110 Delaware Laekawama & Western. 174' 4 l
100 Denver & Rio Grande 17\
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 6>',4
Erie 11
Erie Ist prefd 33 1
100 Great Northern prefd 1«6
Hocking Coal 15
Hocking Valley 31 I
Illnois Central 113! i |
€00 Jowa Central 12 j
lowa Central jrefd I0"i 1
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf SV* I
110 I-ake Erie 4 Western 22 !
Lake Erie & Western prefd 83U j
Lake Shore li 4
2.210 Louisville & Nashville hOi \
2.6£0 Manhattan Elevated S3-* ,
LCSO Metropolitan Street Railway 164 j
2,4. - 5 Mexican Central 12
Minneapolis & St Louis 5S^ 3 '
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90 {
25.150 Missouri Pacific 43
Mobile & Ohio 40' i !
Missouri Kansas & T<;xas 10 |
100 Missouri Kansas & Texae prefd 33
700 New Jersey Central U7H
I.OM New York Central 134' »
2.055 Norfolk & Western 25'^
147 Norfolk & Western prefd ' fy)\
1.4»0 Northern Pacific 52
Northern Pacific prefd 74V»
535 Ontario & Western 22
Oregon Railway & Xav 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
1.240 Pennsylvania 129*;
SOO Heading 17»,
I.SOO Reading Ist pr<-M WH
200 Reading 2d prefd '.'74
Rio Grande Western I*
Kio Grande Western piefd S2Si
100 St I-cui* & San Iran ?> l i
s«t Louis & San Fran ist prefd CS
St Louis 4 San Fran 2d prefd 32* i
1.310 St Louis Southwestern 11\
765 St Ix>uis Southwestern prefd 27' 4
2.915 St Paul 11M*
100 St Paul prefd 170
St Paul * Omaha llVi
1.250 Southern Pactnc 3V t
UM Southern Railway ll T i
250 Southern Railway prefd £4't
112 Texas & Pacific l.> 7 »
7.0-J Tnlon Paclflc 47'«
2.3C5 Union Pacific pr»fd 75%
Wabash "'*
100 Wabash prefd 21
Wheeling &. Lake Erie S"i
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 27»;
400 Wisconsin Central 1S X *
Express Companies—
Adams 1M
American 14- r >
United States 47
Wells F»rgt> 123
Miscellaneous —
mo American Cotton Oil 3** i
American Cotton Oil prefd ?2
f2O American Maltinj 54
American Making prefd 27
?00 An Smelting & Refining 3S\
1.125 Am Smt-Uing & Reflnlng prefd *'"«
AnTrl<an Spirits 2S'»
Amerir-an Spirt* prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 41
American Steel Hood prefd SO
3.'-r3 American Steel & Wire...., 4S
2VO Am»rlran Steel & Wire prefd 90
American Tin Plate 2S
American Tin Plate prefd 23^i
10.550 American Tobacco 93\
American Tobacco prefd 135
200 Anaconda Mining Co "3'a
12.270 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 704
400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43
200 Continental Tobacco ...-. "2*i
170 Continental Tobacco prefd Si l ;
S5O Federal Steel M 1 *
€75 Federal Steel prefd 72'«
120 General Electric 122
Glucose Sugar 45*»
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
International Paper 234
2SO International Paper prefd...; 67
Laclede Gas 79
National Biscuit 36*4
National Biscuit prefd 91»i
210 National Lead "6%
National-Lead prefd 105
2io National Steel 42»4
National Steel prefd ?2
New York Air Crake 130
North American 14
Pacific Const 514
Pacific Coast l*t prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 644
723 Pa.lfir Mall 43*;
4 075 People* Gas I<*4
Pre««ed Kteel Car 6«4
ISO Pieisefl Steel Car prefd *7
Pullman P»la«e Car U"
"?o Ftandsrd Rope & Twine SV»
1?.<00 Sugar 1174
Hucar prefd 1134
70* Tennessee Coal & Iron S3'^
1 f 7O United States Leather 17
UT, United Stntes I>«.ither prefd 754
United States Rubber 4114
'.'...'. United States Rubber prefd 1014
Western Union R7
T.nn Republic Iron & Pteel 2n«£
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 6S
p C C & St Louis 774
147 COO Shares «ol<".
CLOSING BONDS. ,*.'
U P <« reß HTi^4s J Cent cen R»..H9
V S 3« reg lOSVjN'orth Carolina 65. .127
r B 2s coup U"'-. I Vorth Carolina 45.. 106
jj p new 4s reg....1*3 Northern Pac lsts. llo
L* S new 4s 00up...1J4 Northern Pac 35... 6G*i
t; S old 4* reg IH\ Northern Pae 4«...103\
1J S old 4s coup....H4«4|N V C & St L «S.*,los*i
I'SSt reg 112 !Nor £ W cons 45.. 94';
X' S 6* coup mUIN'T & W ren Cs...ir3
nist of *~n\ 3C*.5..119 |OTTson Nar 15t»...110
Atfhison jren <&. lOOViOreunn Nay 4s !01*4j
AtrtJ-on tlJUft is. S^lfT Short Line r,,...m\
<-«n S».uthern 2<ls..lCS |f)r S L cons > 11^^
Che* I Oi»lo41-H.--S7j Reading gen 45.... 84",
Cher & Ohio -K...i 1.. I .S'R <S West lsts •»:."!
r t- Nor cons 7s..lV< jfltlj & I M cons 5«.110i*.
C tKK r Lte b 55.. 113 St >?"* S F Ken C 5.113
•Sir Term 4s '¦"'- *t Paul ff.nsols...K6
i, * it a ists if) 2*; :-t Paul c & p uta.itsU
r. n a 4s w ;** I>HU| c * p ss. .nn;
FTVa & Ga lsts-.W 1 " Southern Ry r.«....1074
Frie ffe-ieral 4».... 05% Standard R & T 6s. S2
E, wi i> c lsts. 72 jTenn new set Js... 344
Gen Eltctrlc 55.. ..117 (Texas & Pac UU..lU>i
Xczv York Stock Market
NEW TOP.X. Jan. 20.— The market in stocks
ccnt'.r.ues an cr.lgma which ordinary rule*
cf Ir.rerpreta'.lon are unavailing to solve. Yes
t».-d&y'6 baxlas; cf stocks was prompted by the
exf^ectatlon ot a favorable Lank statement.
Tire stateir.er.t proved more favorable than the
most aangulr.e espectatior.s. yet the market
lost even the srr.all animation It had been
fhowing wh«-n the ttaternent appeared on the
tape. The net changes In prices are without
ElgT.lflCiJice, those of any amount being re
stricted to insignificant stocks. London re-
I>orted a. firm and confident market, but the
confidence did not extend to the point of hold-
Jr.g American stocks up to parity level, and the
opening here was very ragged and lrrrgular.
Tne lack any upward impetus from London
u.ni the utter indifference manifested to the
bank statement offer*^ a poor market In which
to r^aiize^ or sell Ins by yyterday's buyers
rr.'.nht have been larger. In the absence of
«J*-irui.nd they e**ta*(l satisStd to keep their
holdings.
But there was no inclination to add to them.
Th«? bank rtatement fully reflected the exp*-ct-
fi reflux of unemployed funds to New York
* total Rain in ca.sii being r.<> less than $H
£3S V<>. It was not suspected that
:or U2«*e funds had been found to as large an
• xte .t as indicated r>y the loon expansion of
$4 l"S 19" The buying of meroantll*- paper by
the banks. 1 which has been more active during
th*. week will «"arcely account for much of
This increase, and certainly no operations on
•.he Fu^k Exchange are jiuffident to account
I T !•„ -•-- <¦ - ¦ ' '¦ *
l_"ri!»-** i^me ftpeciai transaction Is disclosed
t<* explain It. It Is probable that the business
•'¦ induttrial '-ombinatlon and flotation \* be
fTinir.g ta avail lt^elf a^aln of the easier
1 •• rate* The good <3»maxid for bonds cun
tlmted to-day ar.i prices generally were ad
•¦tr.-f J The dullness of the stock market has
*<.-.. ttareileved duricg 'he past two dajs. ex
tept ty «-rrorts of professional operator* to
:r,ou->"a tr.uv^ment of prices in lome of the
ir.ytteri-ei.-hroudtd indufctrlals. Only on Mon
<Uy ir:,i Friday did dealir.js exceed "'X'.OOO
e*.-r»- a.nd ca Tuesday they fell below 2<».n00.
A iara-e propcrtloa of the ecsall dtKiings or tne
»«^k hay,. been In Sugar, Tobacco, Brooklyn
Transit and the New York traction stock* and
Vr.trr! Btatea Leather, with no authentic in
rormation on which to base oporalions. The
l'?.n roots traders, who are In and out of the
tame »-!cr KS every day. found their occupation
rone w>.*n prices vame to a standstill. Tlte
<iealin«s In the cla«» of rtocka referred to rep
r-t-tm r..thlne n.ore than the -fforts of this
c3a*a to «-am a llve"Uiood. X*M evident approach
of « tris'.e '.n the rullltary situation In .south
Kts t I* otic factor In in*- wcltlrg attitude or
cpecwlaUon, v-'r.:^ »» to the fu
!ur<- <'. *a«;'«s and industry as a whole Is
ftv.xit*d to ir»v».-«- th» futurt*. The particular
impottKß c uf th» Trans\eal war upon the
srorM Mas ::>¦ •uirir;!? off of the gold supply.
¦Bd chit* cr.'.y l-r-^. jre conditions liad teen ad-
Justed ia tne trorld'a great flnarcial center In
London :•• the rantlmuinr* of this supply or
:<> its short temporary Interrup'.ion. The read-
Jttsusrct •..' <-,v.'iai.juz to an indefinite int-r
ji.r'.. n ;¦. thU mppt] was clearly the impell
ing faun- of t!s<-' vio>r.t tlistui«jan<.e in the
¦rerlff txtcoty -luiiki-is toward the clos» <•( tie
¦f-str. rt rr.'.r.z a« it did on » neni«ltlve <-ondltlon
f '•xter I hiv»« ejaculation «"ununltnients nnd
rrirt- Ir.ftstlorijt. But th« mt^Jwuttftf*** having
iw*n eZf-.ri )» is nr^ to N» '-xp+cfd tlia« the
Jack ot ;'i» gold mtXvut of the Tramrvaal will
;-«rrr-.r>,:;« r.:i< cripple Urn wcrlu's Comiitefce, COB;
' ¦• : rg :t» ratio '.o the world's dock. It !«
: 1 dear :!;at ti:" toii.'Jlag over of the airy
t-;'"u:a^i\e fLtri'.- cauteil by ill* rontraciion
'¦ f credits, which was Induced by the Trans
>a2!. iv uct to have ulterlOT effects. The action
it it-: meney n.a:krt for fome time past lias
nearly rnoogii Indicated the (Jiriiv.llnatlon of
fajii'al t-. irr.m-.llatriy «mbark ui>on the.
perttoua i-^a ¦.: ri**->iit:h?n. The r»-actl'>n !n
¦.¦jT\ r y raifrr i« r'.w r-arhirjr proi^ttions and
» 'rurriair n .-Jiarirter to" r»i»e the question
wh^tl:»r l«ib)n»a nn<l indiis:ri^ ?f more *«b
>i«nt:.l fom»^ are ;.ct i.j urderea r^r»n-h
ircen"..
A :.* wt-kr *c.+ the Rank <>T Cnglar.d. white
¦nvISS ¦•"••v.s.-1..r,« to at'raci By! 1 in the one
band. «T»t 8.,.- ¦¦•.r-:i~.z !iix?ral rre-iltn to the
.¦ n<>y :..!;.' ... tn , ot~ter. "¦ltii the object «f
iiirx r.^: •>... mon-y t-risis nn.l keeping' the
n-.onty rt;a:J.. ; t in #>»*>• enou^li vonitltiun to make
'jcvrr:::::-:; t->*-r<-Wttie '.or war (Wpp*_f/ .-sdvan
ti.g»T.j-. ji.;Mi «.-"i4 mlni)w nre flowlns ba-:k
t'> the baßka In Uft.'xti«*ctetl vuttsmo. and ;!*.e
t~ ¦¦¦ .¦ r.arkn in rut cnly paying off b*a.vy
ARRIVED
Saturday. January *>.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gllboy. 3" hours from
Comox. ._, .
Stmr Stat» of CaMforni*. «.-ice. 564 nour«
from Portland, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldg'tt. So hours from
Stnv- a cennemau£h. Roberts. 30 days 5 hours
from Manila, via Nagasaki. ...
Sh'p Tacoma. Peder»en. SS days from Manila.
Br ship Kelourn, Janes. ICO days from Lon-
Br shio General Gordon, Worral!, 71 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
CLEARED
Saturday. January 29.
Stmr Walla V.alla. Hall. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, febney. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins Sz Co
Stmr South Purtland. Hall. Oyster Harbor:
James Taylor. ? ,
Shi" Indiana. Verrtx Nanalmo: A!a«ka
Packers' Association.
Bktn r.ardlner City, Schmeh!. Santa P.osa
lla; Fe'.ix Sar.talller.
LONDON. Jan. 29.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 915S bales were offered. Greasy Merinos
sold readily to America and th» Continent, the
former paying December price?. Cross-bred
ureasy and sliced wools .hardened, the hoin«
trading absorbing the majority, Americans pay-
Ing full rates. Bright lustrous geelong lambs
realized 4s £d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 20.— Clearings, $195,520
balances. $22,554.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
POP.TLAND, Or.; Jan. 2".— WHEAT— Steady,
but Inactive. Walla Wal'a. 5051 c; valley,
&0c: blue stem. 52c.
Cleared— Ship Craigmore. wl'h 120.256 bushels
wheat; German f=hlp Aldebarnn. with 105.660
bushels wheat: Fren.-h bark Louis Pasteur,
with 95.274 bushels wheat, all for Queenstown.
Total shipments from Portland for week end
ing to-day. 773,317 bushels wheat, 119.540 bush
els barley. WASHIXGTOX .
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 20.— WHEAT— CIub,
sO'/jc: blue stem. Sic.
January 7 J3O : 3££
January 8 ! "» j •££?
January 9 ; *? I *•?•»
January 10 ! « | -?£>
January 11 lj» ; 3130
January 12 ; ***»
January 13 1 370 1 l*>o
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— The Financier says:
The NfW York Ciearing-h^use banks added no
less than $11.336.000 to their cash holdings last
w<:ek. bringing the total cafeh on hand to $215.
sfcs.;iXi. an amount larger than they have re
ported In vaults for months' past. The surplus
reserve rose about seven and one-half million*
of dollars and stands at present at $24,154.ti7j.
This contrasts quite ehcrply with the actual
deficit existing sixty days ago. The rapid re
covery is due of courfu to the return of money
from the interior and to the disbursement o*
treajury tunds into active channels of com
merce. Counting the fifteen millions of gold
exported, it appears that no less than forty-
Fix millions of cash has come Into, the New
York banks In sixty days. The fact that sur
plus reserves now are not correspondlntcly
larger is due to the growth of deposits, which
are about twenty-seven and one-half millions
heavier than two months ago. This, of course,
necessitates an Increased cash reserve. The
operations of the week, considering the qule.t
ne*3 in th<* speculative markets, were rather
Furprlslng by reason of their magnitude. Loans
have expanded $4.379.in0, whereas not half of
this increase has been anticipated. Interest
centers around the heavy cash expansion. It
had been known that the banks were gaining
an enormous volume of currency from the in
terior, and frt-m all appearance the statement
reflects the reports of this money In full. The
National City Bank »eems to have absorbed
about all the specie that came to the Clearing
house institution. The expansion in loans and
the receipt of eleven millions cash deposits is
responsible f" r the expansion of sixteen mil
lions in the latter case. The statement fore
shadows a coctinued easy money market.
Whether this will lead to a revival In specu
lative activity Is a question that is being care
fully debated at present. In 1534, with record
breaking bank reserves, security markets were
almost lifeless, but conditions now are so dif
ferent that there is no analogy. The activity
noticeable of late In the bond market shows
that funds are seeking investment at prevail
ing interest rates. The future will be deter
mined by the continuance of the Interior move
ment this way. If it retains Its present volume
the usuhl results of easy- money and prosper
ous conditions, as reflected In speculative cir
cles, will DO doubt be witnessed again.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London iinanclal cablegram says:
Stocks here wrre firm to-day, but steady. In
the absence of news from Africa and business
was small. Paris was inclined to sell copper
shares.
The bank bought £22.000 gold In German coin.
Silver was strong on Indian demand. Paris
cheque was quoted at 25.10.
CLOSING
LONDON. Jan. 20.— Union Pacific preferred
77',; Canadian Pacific. 9i*«: Northern Pacific
7<5; "Atchlscn. '^.''i; Grand Trunk, 7V£; Ana
conda, 81;8 1 ;- Bar silver, firm. 27 7-16 d per ounce
4
Nczv York Grain and Produce. \
+ i
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts, 21.
993 bbls; exports. 8275; market quiet, but steady.
Minnesota patents. $3 70(03 93: Minnesot abak
ers'. $2 75t/3: winter patents. $1 aCSZ 23; winter
straights. $3 3093 40: winter extras, $2 "s<g2 Si;
winter low grades. $2 2562 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 31,500 bushels. Spot, firm:
No. 2 red. ~Z\c f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 2
red. 71"ic elevator. Options oriened steady and
»ie higher on a little foreign buying and ad
verse crop news from Russia and France. Scat
tered covering by local houses kept the market
firm throughout most of the forenoon. The cIok«
was firm at '.ifVic net advance. March closed
at 7*i;c; May 71 Ij-1«(&72 1 4C, cloyed 72'jc; July
closed at 72»i<\
HOPS— Steady: State, common to choice, l^
crop, 6c: IS3S crop. 7S9c; ISU9 crop. 12013 c. Pa
cific Coast. ISS6 cri?p, 4{i6c; ]<os crop, 7®»c; IJS9
crop, WQIZc.
HlDES— Steady; GalveFton. 20-325 pounds,
lO'^c; Texas dry. 24 f?:>o pounds. 14Vic; Califor
nia. 51&25 Dounds. 21Hc.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece. 11^26c; Texas,
14f117c.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
unchanged to » r>oints net higher. Total sales,
K.C'O bdgs. Including: February. $7; March,
$7 059710; May. $7 l.'<r?7 2f.; July. $7 25: August,
$7 40: September. $7 4Cxff7 4.i: October, $7 45; De
cembfr. $7 60. Spot— Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
S*ic: No 7 Jobbing. S'kr. Mild— Steady: Cor
dova S*.'!jl2 a ic.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; held higher. Fair re
fining. 3 l."-16c bid; Centrifugal, 96 test. 4"fee
bid; Molasses Sugar. 3 11-16 c bid. Refined, very
firm: Standard A. 4.P.V-; Confectioners' A, 4.95 c;
Cut Loaf. 5.55 c: Crushed. 5.55 c; Powdered, 5.25 c;
Granulated. 5.15 c; Cubes. 5.30 c.
METAI-S — The broker?' price for Lead la
$4 43 and for fopoer $16 f<o.
BUTTER— Receipt*. 19-iO packages: market
flrm; Jur.H creamery. 20W23^4c; Western cream
ery*. 2lift2.'o: factory. 16@20c.
EGOS— Receipts. 4000 packages; Western. 21c.
loss off: Western ungraded at mark. 14g19c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Evaporated Apples'
were quiet and steady, at unchanged prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6fl6*ic; prime, C1i07~(e; choice. 7*i®SU<-*: fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3'iSBc per
pound, an tn size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13515 c; Moorpark, 15©18 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20#23c: unpeeled. 74@10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— The wheat market waa
firm, supported by the advance at Paris; Liv
erpool's steadiness, reports of frost damages
to crops In the southern portions of both France
nnd Russia and the practical elimination of
India from the competitive market through
famine. Throughout the session trade was
fairly active. Kxporters and foreigners cov
ered shorts on the crop damage reports, and
the local demand was fair. May opened a
shade over yesterday at 6. r .*ie6oT4c, eased off
to Cs'»^63*;c, reacted to 66',i$6<i';c, nnd closed
firm. V*c over last night's figures, at fi«c.
Corn was easy. May closed a shade under
yesterday at 33'iS'33'.;c.
The nats market waa rather easy. In sym
pathy with corn and on the expectation of an
Increase In figures In the Government report.
May closed a shad"» under yesterday at 23^®
The. provision market was firm, but trade waa
rather d«ill. May pori: cloned "Vi.fJlOe over yes
terday; May lard 5^74c up, and May ribs, 5c
better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
January 62»i 6*H 62"i «-
May «•'>!§ ««>4 <*,% 66
July «*'» 6S"i 66H 66"i
Corn No. J—
January ¦ »o'4
May S3"; 33-4 s.-< 4 s-ij
July 33t4 34 33*; 83-i
Oats No. J —
January 22'^ "fj 224 xit
May -• 2"»4 23*; 23H 13%
I Me** Pork, ocr bb!—
January...... 10 W> 10 B0 10 60 10 so
May 10 82 V4 10 SO 10 824 10 S7ii
Lard, jwr 100 lb»—
January 553 _ 590 553 590
May 6 00 6 05 6 M 6 05
Short "Üb«. Der ICO lba—
January , ' .... ¦ 5 72' i
May 575 KRO 575 ; 5 770
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quiet, with some changes.
Hawaiian Commercial advanced to JSS 23 and
Gas and Electric to $51. Spring Valley Water
declined to $92 50.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
SATURDAY. January 20-12 m.
Bid. Ask.! Bld.Aslc
C S Bonds— jCent L& Ps — s
4s quar coup.. — — <Equ!t G L Co. 4^ 5
4s quar reg — 1U! 3 Muiin! L Co.. 13** 14»4
4s quar new... — — iO GL & H... 43 1-*1 -* 45
3s quar coup..HOVs — Pac Gas Imp.. 4,>i* —
Miscellaneous— !Pao Light Co.. 4U« -
Cal-st Cab 35..115^ — 'S F G & E.... SO*. -
C C Water 55..10«»i107^ Pan Francisco. 4*» 5U
Ed L& P 65.. 130 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F&a Ry «5..113 — ; Insurance—
Geary-st R Be. — 93 IFlrem's Fund. 22o 2CO
H C & S 5Hs-l fi 9 I" I Bank Stocks—
HC & S 55.... J05H - !Anslo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A R.v 55....104H - ißank of Ca1... 400 4fl2H
LAL Co 55... — — |Cal SD A T.. - 9~\t
Do gtnd 65..,— — First Nation!. .23o —
Do gtnd 55.. - 103 ! Lon P 4 A. ...131 132H
LA& P R ss. 102 104 ! Merchants' Ex — 1«
Market-st 65...125»4 — JNev Nat 8k... — -
Do l«t m 55..117V5 — I Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — 111 Ger S & L...1750 I*oo
NR of Cal 65. U2 — Hum S £ L.. — —
NR of Cai os.lM — ;Mut Say Bk.. 40 45
NPC R R 65. 103 — !S F Say U...500 —
NPC R R 65. 106 — ISav & L So.. 7i) —
N C R R 55. ..103 — jSec Say 8k... — —
OGL & H 3s. ins 110 Union T C 0... — -
Oak Trans 65.. — 113 ! Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 55. .105 io64;Ca!lfornla .... — 120
Oceanic SS Co.lo4*4los\4:Geary-st 30 —
Om CRy 65...127>, — 'Market-st Ry.. 61 61%
P4CI Ry 65..104W105«i OS L & H.... — 60
Pk A- ORy is. — — ! Presidio 14 —
Powell-st R 6s. — 121 | Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&R5s — 100 'California 155 173
HF & N P 55.U3? — E Dynamite... *5 —
SF & SJV is. — 117 Giant Con Co.. 94 9JS
S Ry of Cal 6s. — I(*s iVigorlt 2*i —
s pof a e.»....no<;in : sugar stocks—
S P C 6s(l9os).lo9"ill<^v;:Har.a P C 0.... 7>. 7H
SP C 65(19f6).11l — Haw C&SCo SS M
S P C 6s(lS!2). — — iHonokaa B Co. KKJ W«5
SPCIs eg as. — — ; Hutch S P CO. 26 V.
SPBr Ss 1244 — 'Kilauea S Co.. — 27
S V Wat 65. ...115 HS'i Makaweli S Co 43'; 44
S V Wat 45.,..104'-i — iOnomea S Co.. 274 -.•s.U
PV W 4s<3dm).l.vn 4 — [Pnauhaii S C» 27> 4 2S
Stktn Gas 65. .101 103 i Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— lAI Pack Aam.IISHUO
Contra Costa.. 73 — j Mer Ex Assn.. — 10)
Marin County. 50 — rvpanlc S Co.. 94' i Wj
Spring Valley. 92V 93 (Pac A F A 1% -H
Gas & Electric— Pac C 'Box C0..14H —
Cent Gas Co.. — — IPar Paint Co.. »-i —
Morning Session.
Beard—
13 Hawaiian Commercial & £ugar SS 2T,
50 Hrnokaa S Co ¦* H
JO Honckia S5 fo 30 2."
5 Oceanic S S C> £M 37^
5 Oceanic S S Co 34 23
SO S F Gas & Eltctric Co »l «>
IS V Water 93 <*>
25 S V Water 92 50
15 S V Water, caah 9-50
25 S V Water, a 3 92 50
$I«X> Market-st Ry Ist con 5 per cent. ...117 50
jfiC^o Oceanic S S bonds 100 i»
$1090 8 V fi ner cent bonds 1U 2->
$ICCO S V 4 i.er cent 3d mortgage bonds.. 102 25
Street —
£0 S F Gaslight 5 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morniny Session.
Beard—
200 Century 1 10
300 <>ntury 115
3CO Anaconda I*o
200 Yukon 1 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
2CO Burllngtrn 1 "3
200 Dominion M
50 National * 75
75 San Luis 5 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornine Session.
3<^o Belcher 12 50") Ophir 73
2m Best & Belcher. 23' ZOO Cphlr 72
200 Challenge Con.. 20' 2<X> Potosi 3*
2<«) Challenge Con.. 19; ?» Savage 13
7W Chollar 27 : 4'» Suvace 17
650 Con Cal & Va..l 65' 3)'» Sierra Nevada. ':¦'>
30iJ Crown Point... t!l 300 Sierra Nevada, i*
200 Mexican 3s: ICO Sierra Nevada. 51
20<> Mexican Si j 3«0 Union Con 31
£¦» Mexican 2v CiO t.'arters G M Co •>!
7W Oj>hir "j 1 230 Carters G M Co &.'
900 Ophlr 7» !
The following were the sales in the San Fran
ciscu Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher IS. EOO Gould & Curry. 24
400 Best & Eelcher. 23, •**> Hale &. Nort-rs. . 4^
2<*> Chollar 2S| SCO Ophir 74
700 Con Cal &. Va..l 6o 150 Sierra Nevada. s<>
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. Jan. 20-12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 04 Kentuck "2 03
Alta OS 05' Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 07 0^ Mexican 35 3fi
Belcher 11 12 Occidental 1* 20
Best & Belcher. 2S 27 Ophlr 71 73
Bullion 'XJ 05 Overman OS 07
Caledonia 60 — Potcsi 2» 3o
Chollar 27 2S Savage 17 1>»
Challenge Con.. 19 M Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 60 65 Seg B-lcher.... 02 04
Con Ca! & Va..l W1 (3 Sierra Nevada. 51 52
Con Imperial 01; Sliver Hill 03 OS
Con New York. — C 4 St Loui.* — 07
Crown Point... 12 1J Standard 273 —
Exchequer — (2 Eradicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Union Con 30 31
Hale & Norcrs. 41 42 Utah 04 C 5
Julia — OS Yellow Jacket.. 22 21
Justice 03 04
Discharge of California Rivers.
The followlrs reccrd of Urn e»tiraated daily
dischargi* of certain California Rivers is fur
nlihtd by J. B. Lippincctt. hydrosraphtir of th»
UniteJ Sta:»3 Geological rfurvey. One aecoud
foot equal* 50 miners" Inches:
SACUAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HKRNDON
J Second Feet.
DATE. J^ —i
January 7 1 B" • 7-i-
January S K« I }<«¦>
January 9 1 S-« »»*»
January 10 I* ! 1«»
January 11 , 'j ' 54«
January 12 ; in» »4'>
January 13 i «0 | U7t*
STANISLAUS RIVEP. AT UAKDALE
Second F»et
DATE. ; 1
ISW. , 1300
Charters.
The Errol leads wheat at Treoma for
Europe, 3Sa.
Bank Clearings.
Iyv-Al hsr.k c!ear!rs» last week were S:0.172.
171. a^air.fi $::.37«.7IS for the same week last
year.
Foreign Imports.
Fcreipr. 'rr.rrrts at Fas Francisco In !??3
were l4;..6T < -.0'.r'. aialnFt j;S.O«3.000 in ISM. the
leading tuuiuea being as follows: Japan. $11.
rss.W; ?.T-.'.na, Js.114.OCO: Great Britain. K.0T2.
f,V; Hawaiian Islands. $11,696,600; France. f)-\-
HO; Gctnuqr. Sl.Ul.OOC; Central America, $2.-
ISS.690: British Columbia, $1.97S.W0; East la
c:es. j;.i;:.c.o.
Weather Report.
<^tth M<r!(3ia:i— Pacific Time.)
SAN" KRANCISCO. Jan. 50, 5 p. in.
Tb« Jcllowine are the seasonal ra.!r.fa!lt to
ftate a»" compared with those of the Fame date
Jaet season, and rainfalls In last twenty-tour
boure:
IiS5t *h!s Last
P*a:lons — 14 hours. e»a«»->r. »ea*on.
rureka C.0<) ?3.20 IT.Ct
Tied Bluff D.00 14 77 13.12
Pa-rarr.»r.;o CM 13.^ 7.85
ten FnocttCO I'M 14.3S 7.€7
rrt-sno . C<» 6.12 3 14
Ir.f.oper.^r.re 0.00 2.CS 1.15
Ran utis Oblcpa O.C0 12.41 «.*?
Lp« Acceles o.oo 4.57 I.S4
P«;i T;:es9 "-<*> »C5 3.41
Turn* f'.OO «.£6 1.S3
San Franclji^o uata: Maximum temperature,
tl: (ninSmutu, <3: nican. 47.
\v};.-.TJjnn ooxDmoN's and general
FORECAST.
The pre=*ure ties fali'n slowly over the Pa
cific Cast. An at«»a of high pressure overlies
the Rorky MountaJn region, and while !t re
i.ir.:r.s the weather will probably be fair over
the greater portion of the PaciSc Slope. The
te:rT)era:u:e has risca slowly over Northern
«^t!ifcrr.;a. In the northern part of the Sacra
rr.ento Valley ui.asually warm weather pre
vails. In lie Fan Jra«;uin Valley and In the
*ou5her:i portion of the i?F.cramer,to Valley fog
continues iv;th relatively low temperatures.
The river ct Sacrcmento !s 14.4 feet and fall
ing.
No rafn hr.m fallen on the Pacific Slope, ex
cfM a: ?;esi' Hay and Seattle.
A maximum wir.d velocity of twenty-sfx
rr.Hes per hour is ivpr>rte<l from Winnemueca.
Fnr^a.- 1 r:;a, J .e at San Francisco for thirty
boors, •v.'i:::? midnight. January 31. 1S0O:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, with fog:
In tli-- \ai'.c>B; cloudy on northern coast, and
rrnb.-ibiy iisrlit rain Sunday night; ll^ht ncrth
ertjr cfaaocias to southeasterly wind.
S tut here CalifomJa— Fair Sunday; lltht west
erl» •amd*.
Nevada— Wr Funday.
"tsh — Fair Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
with increasing cloudiness: p<->sa!bly light rain
Eonday r.:?ht: liprht northerly changing to
tou'.h- asterlv winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Fcrecast OlBcial.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrrgraphic office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
January 20. 1900.
The tlm* baJl on the tower of the, new Ferry
buildins was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. *? at noon of the BOUI meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, IT. S. N.. In chant?.
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tld» of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs Th# height*
given are In addition to the soun<l!nzs on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the denth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 7»; 5 7'g
Closing 5 7H 5 7%
PARIS.
; Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening IS 45 19 43
Closing IS 43 13 43
Flour—
Opening 24 50 23 70
Closing ....24 50 25 70
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— CATTLE— Weak, close
nominally steady with light receipts anticipated
for early next week. Supply of choice feeders lib
eral, demand fair. Good to choice. $5 25@6 4n;
poor to medium, $41M 53: mixed stockers, $3 23
@3SO; selected feeders, ?4 20<g4 75; good to
choice cows. $3 50t?4 2.V, heifers. $3 20^4 50;
canners. $2 20@2 *>0: bulls, $2 50(g4 20; calves.
$4 5C(t7 50: fed Texas beeves. $4G3.
HOGS- -Good demand, most So higher. Good
clearance. Mixed and butchers', $4 50@4 72'/i;
good to choice heavy. $t 63@4 75; rough heavy.
$4 505j4 60: light, $4 40@4 C 3; bulk of sales, $4 60®
4 67H.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs generally steady.
Native wethers. $4 60®5" lambs. $4 65@6 40;
Western wether*. $140(fj4 83; Western lambs.
$5 26«?« 25.
Receipts-Cattle, 200; hogs, 16,000; sheep,
ICOO.
Mew York Exports and Imports,
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this wet-it were valued at 110.045,013.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries for thin week agsregated $473,077
in silver bars and coin and $1,079,842 in gold.
The Imports of specie this week were $25,545
gold and $72,921 silver.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $:56,915,374; gold reserve,
$221,444,043.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— Consols. 101 13-16. Silver.
27 7-16 d. French Rentes, IOOf 2'ic. Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers indifferent operators: car
goes on passage, dull In white, firm for red.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 20. - WHEAT - Firm;
wheat In Paris, strong.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s 2d<g
Cs 2^d: No. 2 red Western winter. 5s 9V~d; No.
1 Northern ['>ring, os lCd.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 3s
s»i<l; American mixed old, 3a s*id. Futures-
Steady; January, 3s S' 4 d; February, 3s 5Hd;
March. 3s sr»d.5 r »d.
HOPS— At London (Pacific CoasO. dull; £3
10s® £4.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— BEET SUGAR— January,
9s sd.
Con Cal & Va 1 SOiPlymouth g
Deadwootl BO 'Quicksilver 150
Gould & Carry 21 Quicksilver prefd. ..7 60
Hale & Noreros*.... ?,o Sierra Nevada 45
Hemrstak* 50 00;Standard 2 CO
Iron Silver R6, Union Con 30
Mexkan 32 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |Wi s Cent 1SH
Call loans 5#6'Dom Coal . 42Va
Time l'ans ygi do prefd 115
Stocks— Bonds—
Atehlson „ 19%; Atchlson 4s M
do prefd 6n?, • Mlnt.-iR shares-
Am hugar .117',, ; Adventure 6
do f>refd .113 LAllouei Min Co... **i
Bell Telephone 329 Atlantic 24'
Boston Eiev.ited... 954 1 Boston & Mont...I6»
Boston & Maine. .199 j Butte & Boston... 45
C B & Q 122H' calumet & Hecla..725
Gen Elec .1224 'Centennial ......... 16
do prefd 136 iFranklln 144
Fed S»e»l 51H Humboldt 1
do prefd 7&4 Osceola 67
Mex Cent 1l\ Parrot 40
Mich Telephone.. i. 100 jQulncy 140
Old Colony 202 Santa Fe Copper.. SU
Old Dominion 1S>4 Tamarack 178
Union Taciflc 4jitjWlnona 4
I'nlon Land 3 ; W'olvexines 39
West End 92 iUtah 27«i
Westlngh Elec 40»;i
Associated Banks' Statement.
Sugar again marked up.
Light trading in local securities.
Bank clearings show the usual gain.
Silver continues to advance. Exchange as before.
Wheat and other cereals dull.
Bran firm and Hay easy. Beans strong and active.
Onions very firm. Potatoes steady. Vegetables firm.
Cheese lozvcr. Eggs tcvjfc. Butter unchanged.
Poultry market well cleaved up. Game firm.
Lour cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morroiv.
A car of -Eastern Apples in.
Prunes inakc a good export record.
Provisions firm in sympathy zvith the West.
Hides and Tallow /?;;;:. zvith a good inquiry.
Wool and Hops quiet, but steady.
Xo further change in Meats.
Material increase in foreign imports.
AUCTION SALES
*\_ THE HORSEMEN'S £^
*^ OPPjRIUiNIiY. /t2a
CLOSING -OUT SALE
Of Al! the
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
Belonging to
J. NAGLEE BURK.
Consistins cf such well-known money-winners
as Coda. Dolore, Eaplrando. Evlrato. Festosa,
Flero. Fug*. Glissand."". Gravlta, Garbo. Gratia,
Gusto. Giro. Glocnso. Gain and nir.e two-year-
olds ready to race, by Flambeau. Crescendo.
Drum Major. Bricso ami Bellicose. Includlr.ff a
brother of Crescendo. There are descendants ot
Imported Brutus. Imported Foul Shut. Wiliidle.
St. Saviour. Flambeau. «to.. In this sale wlilrh
are unexcelled as Individuals and arc sold only
on account of the retirement of the owner from
the business of raclns.
Sale Takes Place en
THUSSDAY JANUARY 25, 19.0,
At 11 a. m. Sharp.
In t>.e Saddling PaiMoek of the
-: - OAKLAND-:- RACETRACK -II-
BuMijftße, Cal.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Office, 7-.'l Howard at.. S. F.
Catalogues ready. Trims leave at 10 o'clocle
for Emeryville. Horses may be seen at tiie.
track. •
SPECIAL SALE.
*=> fe> fe»
TUESDAY January 23
At 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE STABLES. U!5 MISSION STKEET.
Between Twelfth and Th:rte-r.th.
40 HEAD BROKE HORSES.
From SCO to 1600 pounds. Sal» positlv*. rain or
shine; no reserve or limit whatever.
nominal; Lima. $5 1065 20: Tea. . 53g3 25; Red
Kidneys, $4@4 25.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. :3SHc: Yellow Moi
tard. 4«4Uc; Flax. SI 90-32 JO; Canary. 3'Ac per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. TO
So: Rape. 2h®3c; Hemp. 4gf4Vic; Timothy. 4
DRIED PKAS—NMles, tl SC31 90; Green. *1 Ti
02 50 Der ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are firm and a further advance Is nat
unlikely. Potatoes are steady and not ma
terially chanced. Vegetables continue In light
supply and firm, except Peas, which are plen
tiful.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 83©50 c: River Reds.
-65@75c: Burbanka. 60^S3c per sack: Salinas
Burbanks. SlJgl 23; Oregon Burbanks. Sscssl 20;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 M®l CO for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 25©1 75 per ctl fcr all kinds.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 2<35c per Ib;
String Beans, 6t?9c: Cabbage, 4Cftsoc: Los An
geles Tomatoes. $1 50; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles. 12!; c; Dried Olira. 12Uc per Ib:
Garlic, 6@7c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
sc: Dried Peppers, S@loc; Carrots, 30'840c per
sack: Los Angeles Summer Squash. 75cS$l per
bex; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game
Several cars of Eastern will tv? rut on to
morrow. Dressed Turkeys continue weak, but
all other descriptions arc firm and cleaned up.
Game sells off quickly at the good prices, ar
rivals beim moderate.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@i:u c for Gob
blers and 11®12»-2C for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
10@13c: Geese, per pair, $1 7532: GcsMngs $1 75
f?2; Ducks. $4ffs for old and $425 for young:
Hens, $4@5; Young Roosters. $o$J5 50; Old
Roosters, $4 50.55; Fryers, $4 50<S¥5; Broilers, ti
Q* 50 for large and J3@3 50 for small: Pic*on».
$1 25121 50 per dozen for old and $2 5053 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 23<gl 50: Mallard. $355;
Canvasback. $364; SpHg. $3'ff2 oO: Teal.
$1 50^1 75; Widgeon. $2fi2 50: Small Duck. $1 50
(a I Ib: Doves, 7."i0 per dozen: Hare. $1 25'<Tl 50;
Rabbits, $1 7J@2; Gray Geese. $3 50^4: White.
$1 00^2: Brant. $1 75@3: Honkers. $3; Eng
11st. Snipe, $2 LOQZ per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cheese Is lower and dull, with free supplies.
Fancy Creamery Butter rules firm, but the
me-llum and lower grades are weak.
The decline In Eggs has slackened for the
motr.ent. though it may start in again any day.
c» ithe tendency is always downward at this
tlnje of the year. Yesterday's decltne was
slight. Enstern cold-storage Egss are offering
fre«ly.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24ff23c; seconds,
22V x fl23Vic.
Dslry— Fancy. 21c: gocd to choice, 19520 c:
common. 133 17 Vie
CHEESE— Choice mild new. llCillv,e; old.
10',c; Young America, ll'^fi^c; Eastern, li'z®
16c; Western. IS^iGlSc per Ib.
KGGS — Quoted at 17';'Sfl9c for store and 20<3
22Uc per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold stor
age. 15@17 1 -o.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of Oranges will be offered at to
morrow's auction.
A car of Eaitern Apples i? offering. Ben
Davis selling at $6 and Baldwin? at $¦» per
barrel. Domestic Apples are In free supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples— Ss^?6sc per box for common. 75<351
for irood,.sl 25@1 50 for choic-.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4g7; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 7532 65
per box; Seedlings, 75c®$l 25; Pomelos, %I'QZ:
Lemons. $lifl 50 for common and $2§3 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 EO^j; California
Limes. 25@3.">c; Bananas. $1 ''S^Z per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 5C@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The California Fruit Grower's report to date
shows that 027 cars of prunes have gone direct
from California to England and Europe this
season to December 31. It Is reasonably ex
; pected that some two hundred cars will be re
quired to fill export orders received from Janu
ary 1 to May 1. The export of peaches direct
to England and Europe has not been heavy,
only fourten cars going forward for the sea
son to December 31.
DRIED FP.UITS— Prunes. In sacks. 4^c for
40-50's. 434Hc for SC-60"s. 3',ic for 60-70's. Z\ic
for 70-SO's. Sc for SO-90's and 2*ic for 90-100" s.
Apricots. Hgl3c for Royals, 12»i"gi6c for Moor
parks and 12514 c for Blenheims; Peaches. BH®
6c for Standards, 6Vi@6»ic for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. KViSISc; Evaporated
Apples. t%s7fec; Sun-dried. 565Hc per Ib; Nec
tarines, S39r; Pears. VUVAo for quarters and
! S-SlCc for halves; Black Flk». 2V4®3Vic: White
I Figs. 4S»c; Bleached Plums, Sg9c; Unbleached
I Plums 7S7V-C f»r pitted and IVic for unpltted.
j UAISINS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
llb 10c; choice, 9o: standard. Sc; prime, 6c: un
! bleached Thompson's, per Ib. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per Ib. B>4c: choice. 7Hc: standard, S'-jc;
prime, $r; unbleached Sultana*. sc: Seedless.
! 50-lb boxes, be: 2-crown loose Muscatels, aVjc;
»-crown 6Hc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown M5O per box: 3-crown. tl CO. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. t>. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, SiglOc; Wnlnuts. Jggc for
standards and ?<SlOc for softshell; Almonds.
UteSllc *° r paper-shell. 9©loc for soft and 4®
Be for hard shell; Peanuts. s\Se»4c for Eastern
and 6c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7i»@4c; Fil
berts. 12©12& c; Pecans, 11313 c; Cocoanuts,
$4 &005.
HONEY— Comb. ll l 4'@l2c for bright and 10H®
He for llpht amber; water white extracted. So;
light amber extracted, 7^fj7* 4 c; dark, 5VaS«c
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24 <Q 26c per Ib.
Provisions. l
j
The market continues firm In 'sympathy with
the West.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9?ic per Ib for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c ior extra light and 13Hc for sugar-cured; |
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. i:\i<3l2c: Callfor- I
nla Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl;
extra Mes3. $15: Family, Sl4; extra Prime Pork.
$14 50; extra clear, $17; Mess. $16; smoked Beef,
lie per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6»i37c per Ib for
compound and Sc for pure; half -barrels, pure, [
S>ic- 10-lb tins, S»;c: f.-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7 ! ;i@7Tic per Ib.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops, j
I Hides rule firm, with a good demand, and
I Tallow Is also strong. Wool is <iuiet, but
quotations are firm. Hops are selling fairly
in the country, though the I'tca! market is
j QU HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
- about If under quotations. Heavy salted
! steers ll'-ic: medium, lie: light. 10Hc: Cow
! hides lie: Staes, 7Vic: Salted Xli». Ji)i-c: Calf.
i lie- Dry Hld«s. sound. lSijlie; culls and
I brands, 15c: L'ry Kip and Veal. 17c: Dry Can.
1541 "0o" sheepskins, yearlings, 2ifg2sc each; short
Wool So'aO'tj «-ach; nieUiiiru. 70@Mc; Ion?: Wool,
M4TI 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. J2 IZ<a: 75 for
lanse and Jl for small: Colts. .V>e
TALLOW— No. 1 ren.lered. otfSlio per Ib; No.
2. S'.fc'&'Sc; refined. 6VSC; crease, V.'-ific.
i Fall clip San Joaquln plains. 9«j:ioc: South-
I crn SQlOc; Middle County. ll^lSr; Humboldt
I and M»ndoclno. 16«17c: Kastern Oregon. 13-glfic;
Valley Oregon. lS«20c: Northern Mountain.
free. IHPHc: Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
' "hots-tciic p« Ib - 'v.
H 1^ f J V«».Vr.109 (Tesss & Pac 2d5... 54
Zt 1 ! 'i S A ¦' ls -- 1(!:i Union Pac 4a 104H
H & Tex Cent 55. .110 (Wabash Uts 115
H & T C cons 6?. .310 'Wabosh 2ds. 101
lowa Cent lsts 110 West Shore 4s 112%
X U P & G lsts.... S3H Wis Cent lsta 90},
La new cons 45....106>, Va Centuries «
ht- unlfl '<l **.~. »7fc Va deferred 5
\\ ?- & Texas 2ds. C!t Col A Sou 4s S5
x? b * TPxas *"m M Sou Pac 4i 82%
N 1 Central 1 ? t5..109^
MINING STOCKa
MINING STOCKS.
Choliar 22 Ontario 7 73
steady; Winter Patents. S 30@3 40: Straits, $3® I
3 10; Clears, J2 9(Xg3; Spring Specials. $3 SO; Pat
ents. $3 20@3 50: Straits. $2 SorfJ3; Bakers'. $1 ?0
©2!-0; No. 3 Spring Wheat. fil@63c: No. 2 R?d
fi6^«7c: No. 2 Corn, 3H£c; No. 2 Oats, white.
2J',i<?::o'ic; No. 3 White. 23!22=>*ic; No. 2 Rye
62@54e; Xo. 2 Barley. SB@44c; No. 1 Flax Seed.
Jl 50: Prime Timothy Seed. $2 CO; Mess Pork, prr
bbl. $» 25010 6.">; Lard, per ICO lbs. $5 S2Vi@s 97Vi :
Short-rib Sides <loose), $5 57H@5 57»4; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed). sH@s*ic; Short Clear Sides
(boxed), *3 92V4@CC2»i; Whisky, distillers" fin
ished goods, per gal. Jl 234; Sugars. Cut Loaf,
E.9oc: Granulated, 5.25 c.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels..; 36,000 32.000
Wheat, bushels 43,000 75.000
Corn, bushels 222.C00 95.C00
Oats, bushels 272,000 173,000
Rye. bushels 14.000 5.000
Earley. bu5he15........ 72,000 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery, l9@24Hc; dairy,
18@22e. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
freeh, l«&17c.
SUNDAY. JANUARY ;i.
Sun rise* 7:22
Sim sets 3:21
Moon rises 11:91 p. m.
,--¦• jrimel Time Time! ITlmei
S \ Ft. Ft. Ft. ! jFL
a fH wj l. w ii w jl. w|
iT'.. J:lo]"To »:W 2.1[ 3:12 3.» i g:K|" t.»
n.. *A9\ S-l W:W 1-9 4:2S 3.51 9:15j 2.a
23 ... 4:12 R.I 11:12 1.5 l:U\ 3.5 10:03; 2.5
14 . 4:s<>t 5.2 12:14 1.21 T:2>l 3.4r U:H)! 3*
*3 .. i:W 5.4 l:tl 0.6! b:3sj 3.8' |.
|L W H W ll* W IH w "V
26 ... O:J3 t.V im 5.6 t:IV- O.l\ 3:^ ?.)
27 ...| 1:34 3.2| T:3l 5.6| 2:55!— 0.:| H):i:,l 4.3
NOTE— In th» at>ov« j>xf>.,s.:i».r» o' t!i» tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence a* to lira* Th«
«>«cond time, column ctvw the, second tide of
the day. tae thirJ time column th«s third tld«
«AILET>.
Saturday. January 20.
I Stmr Arcata. Ree-*. Ccos Rjy.
?tn'.r Greenwood, Fagerlund. .
Stmr WWttsbOKH Olsen. .
Stmr Rival. John-on. .
Strr.r Alice Blanchard. Jesacn. Coot Bar.
Stmr Foint Arena. Har.wn. Mendoctno.
Credent «";ty. stockfteth. «Te»cent City.
I" S .nrr.r RangT. Fi*!d. Mn^ialer.i Bay.
V S stmr S.-lndia. Miller. Guam.
Ital ship Salvatore CUmpa. CafJero. Queens-
Br shir Ottei spool. Reid, mii-'njtoin.
Sohr Occidental. Rr'lc*. F.ur»ka. * 'jL±i
Schr Mary E Russ. Welksnd*r. Gray* Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Dec ». lat 13 13 S. lon .14 Tk". W-Br !«h!p *»rd
TcmpUtowo. trom Newcastle. England, for San
foet^U^lat « 8. ma 7"> W-Br shin Ar.nt»
Tbcnaas. from Cardiff, for Acapulco, with fore
ton~a'l«nt mast none.
i'erßr ihlp Kelburn-De^ 4. tat *» S. !on 90 33
I {>- ghlp Croradale, from LlTerpco!. for Saa
! Kranclsco. MISCEIXANEOCS .
LONDON*. Jan CO— Br 3«ir.r Enerria has ar
rived safely at Nagasaki It is hr>ped she will
be rea.ly fir sea by January 23.
TF.LEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 20. in p m— Weather
f-SKJ". wind NB. trrtoeitj » tn'.ln.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SF.ATTLE-Sai:*! Jan 20-Senr Lfzz!-. Vance.
! f^r San Pedro.
POUT LUDI-OW-Salled Jan 10-Scfcr Coro
na t"T S?n Pedro.
REOONDO— Arrive* Jan T— Stmr Despatch.
YoRT ' TOWXSENP- Arr'ved Jan 29-Schr
Esther Ruhne, from Honolulu.
BOWERS LAXDIXO- Arrived Jan 23— Schr
Corinthian, hence Jan IS.
'. GREEN WOOL—Arrive.I Jan 2C— Stmr Green
wood, hene* Jan Ml
POP.T lOS AXGELE.*- Arrived Jan 20— Nor
t!mr Tltanla. from Nsriaimo.
COOS BAY— Sallc.l Jan 2*>— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco: sohr Alibie. for San Francisco;
schr Western Home, ft.r San Franclso.
FAN DT EGO— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Del Norte.
fcr ten Francisco.
TAi'OMA- Sailed Jan CP— Bark Vi.ietr*. for
San Francisco.
Arrive.l Jan :f>-Schr Marlnn. h?nce< IVc «.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan IS.
Sailed Jan r>— Br stmr Arab, for Jasan: Er
Rhlr> Anraya. f^r yueenstown: Br ?hlp Eden
j baliymcre. fcr Queen.uo'an: stmr Elmore. for
EUREKA— Arrived Jan ?^-Sc h .r H»!?n X
Klmball, from ffUo: stmr Pomona, hence Jan
IV stmr Samoa, hence Jar. IS: »<*hr Herthn D">U
beer. from San Pedro: Er bark Cardigan Ca^t'.e.
from Honolulu. '="- ' ¦ ..
SAN PKDRO-Arrived Jan 13-Stmr Ruth.
fr«m Cfesrar. *>-^- -
Sailed Jan 15— Sc*>r Serins* TMver. for Eu
rekn - «chr C H Merchant, for Tac^mr».
FORT ROSS- Arrived Jan 20— Schr ilary C.
hence Vi % 17.
' SHkd J?n ;c— Fchr Mary C. for Snn Fn»n-
EAPTKRN POHTS
NEW YORK-Sa!!?<1 Jan I«— lUrk Olymrtff.
fcr StcTi Francisco.
NORFOLK-Failed Jan 19— I?r stmr R!v?rs
da!e, for Manila.
Continued on Page Thirty.
TO ARRIVE
LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — J4 U%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87"i
Sterling Cables — 4 SS*i
New York Exchange, eight — IS
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17H
Kln.» Silver, per ounce — 63"i
Mexican Dollars — 4S
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool stood about the same, but
Paris was still higher.
Chicago was firm on account of the continued
advance at Paris, which gives color to the
rumors of cr"p damage. Broomhall cabled that
¦numerous complaint* wore being received of
damage In Southern Russia, owing to hard
frosts and the absence of snow.
The local market was firm, but not materially
chansed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 3a(@T6i;c; milling, 971*
®98"ic.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 ""clock— May — 12.000
ctls. 99c; 4000. BS*6c> Decemb»r— 2ooo. Jl C 3.
Second Session— May- WOO ctls. 00c.
Regular Morning Session— May — 10.CQG ctls.
09c.
BARLEY-- The Sslvatore Clampa takes for
Cork 57.191 rtls. valued at $.=.7,191.
The market continues dull, bu: steady.
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
London Wool Sales.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO.. CALL, .SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
31
Steamer.
I From.
| Due.
I
I _
Santa Cruz
Urr.atilla
Pomona
Empire
Tellus
ProgTeso
R. Adamson...
Santa Rosa
Czarina
Jeanie
Samoa
Volumnia
Homer
Ch«s. Nelson..
Tlllomook ....
Columbia
Coos Bay
Point Arena...
Cresrent Clsy..
..[Newport
..I Victoria & Puget Soun
? Humboldt
..ICoos Bay
?[ Departure Bay
. . iTacoma
. . | Nanaimo
..|San Diego
.iPuitet Sound
. .ilVparture Bay
..JHumboMt
. . Ha.T.burc
. 'Oregon Ports
..IPucet Sound
..ITlllamnnk
..Portland
.. I Newport
..[Point Arena
..iCrescent City
...'Jan. 21
adjJan. it
...IJan. 12
..Jjan. 23
...(Jan. 23
...IJan. 23
...jJan. 23
...IJan. 23
...IJan. 23
...'Jan. 23
...IJan. 23
... Jan. It
... Jan. 21
... Jan. 24
...'Jan. 21
...Uan. 15
...iJan. 23
. .. ! Jan. 23
..Jjan. 25
Arcata
rJCoos Pay."
..:|Jan. 25
Mat tea wan ....
Miami
Corona
..|Comcx
. .|Depnrtur«? Hay
..,?an Pfpgxi
...IJan. 25
...Uan. -*•
..JJan. 27
North Fork
Curaiao
Qup*-n
Orizaba
Lady Jokey...
Bonit<i
of Cal.T;
-{HumboWt
r. I Mexico
. .! Victoria Sz Puget Soar
..lllumbol.lt
..[China an.l Japan
. . i Newport
..(Portland
...!Jan. 27
...'Jan. 2?
ndiJan. 2;
...'Jan. 27
...'Jan. ti
...Jan. 2^
...!Jan. »)
Steamer. ! Destination.
Sails. j Pier.
l
Corona |San D1»k0....
Walla WanjVJc & P*t S<i
North KcrklHumboMt....
Newburß ..^Grays Harhoi
State oJ CaliPortlanrt
Ilor.lt* ! San Pedro —
Aberdeen ..IHumboUU....
China jChinaA: Japar
Moana Bjrdnsy
Orizaba ....|Humh->liit....
Santa Rosu.iSan liieso....
Kxeolslor ..lAlaaka
Samoa |Humbi«Mt....
TTTOatllla ..I Vic- A Pst Si
t.'oos Hay...! Newport
Pt Arena.. iToint Arena.
Arcnta |oooi Bay
Columbia ..; Port land
Colon .Panama
..''Jan.
I. {Jan.
..Uan.
:r;Jan.
.. Jan.
..Jan.
..jjan.
n:Jan.
..Jan.
..|Jan.
..;.lan.
..[Jan.
..iJan.
l.: Jan.
..'Jan.
..!Jan.
..'Jan.
. . Jan.
..[.Tan.
. 21. 11 amPler 11
. 21. 10 am: Pier 3
. 22. » am! Pier I
. Z2, 5 pm!
. TJ. lOamiPltr 24
. 2S. :Urnil-l*r it
. :3. 12 m;Pler li
. U. 1 pnvPMSsi
. 24. 8 pm;Pi»r 7
. 21. 2 pm'PiT 9
. ». 11 amipler n
. 25. 9 amiPler 34
. 10 am'Pi?r 13
. -». la umfta •*
. Z>. n am' Pier 11
. ?7. 2 pmiPier ;
. 27. tOmtt\VUx 13
. a>. 1" aniil'lf-r '.'I
. :». !2 miPMSS
C. N>!s > on..|PuK' > f !-'-un.!.
LaiU- J<>ic«-yfCMn:i& Jni.a:
..'Jan.
:t!Jan.
Steamer. ! Destination.
Sails. j Pier.
l
Corona |San D1»k0....
Walla WanjVJc & P*t S<i
North KcrklHumboMt....
Newburß ..^Grays Harhoi
State oJ CaliPortlanrt
Ilor.lt* ! San Pedro —
Aberdeen ..IHumboUU....
China jChinaA: Japar
Moana Bjrdnsy
Orizaba ....|Humh->liit....
Santa Rosu.iSan liieso....
Kxeolslor ..lAlaaka
Samoa |Humbi«Mt....
TTTOatllla ..I Vic- A Pst Si
t.'oos Hay...! Newport
Pt Arena.. iToint Arena.
Arcnta |oooi Bay
Columbia ..; Port land
Colon .Panama
..''Jan.
I. {Jan.
..Uan.
:r;Jan.
.. Jan.
..Jan.
..jjan.
n:Jan.
..Jan.
..|Jan.
..;.lan.
..[Jan.
..iJan.
l.: Jan.
..'Jan.
..!Jan.
..'Jan.
. . Jan.
..[.Tan.
. 21. 11 amPler 11
. 21. 10 am: Pier 3
. 22. » am! Pier I
. Z2, 5 pm!
. TJ. lOamiPltr 24
. 2S. :Urnil-l*r it
. :3. 12 m;Pler li
. U. 1 pnvPMSsi
. 24. 8 pm;Pi»r 7
. 21. 2 pm'PiT 9
. ». 11 amipler n
. 25. 9 amiPler 34
. 10 am'Pi?r 13
. -». la umfta •*
. Z>. n am' Pier 11
. ?7. 2 pmiPier ;
. 27. tOmtt\VUx 13
. a>. 1" aniil'lf-r '.'I
. :». !2 miPMSS
C. N>!s > on..|PuK' > f !-'-un.!.
LaiU- J<>ic«-yfCMn:i& Jni.a:
..'Jan.
:t!Jan.
s<
DATE
1«39
' ; MIr
ir iTu
nrlock i
Jar
nuary
t »
:«
tt
ntiary
i 2R
:?
21
Jar-
Jar
r.uary
nuary
nuary
nuarv
130
1340
S50
190
IM
[«
:»
M
:*
24
M
nuary
4W
;40
:*
Zl
DATE
iuary
iuary
am
sat
am.
i'.O
OS
nil
UH
am
,uary 1
Steamer.
I From.
| Due.
I
I _
Santa Cruz
Urr.atilla
Pomona
Empire
Tellus
ProgTeso
R. Adamson...
Santa Rosa
Czarina
Jeanie
Samoa
Volumnia
Homer
Ch«s. Nelson..
Tlllomook ....
Columbia
Coos Bay
Point Arena...
Cresrent Clsy..
..[Newport
..I Victoria & Puget Soun
? Humboldt
..ICoos Bay
?[ Departure Bay
. . iTacoma
. . | Nanaimo
..|San Diego
.iPuitet Sound
. .ilVparture Bay
..JHumboMt
. . Ha.T.burc
. 'Oregon Ports
..IPucet Sound
..ITlllamnnk
..Portland
.. I Newport
..[Point Arena
..iCrescent City
...'Jan. 21
adjJan. it
...IJan. 12
..Jjan. 23
...(Jan. 23
...IJan. 23
...jJan. 23
...IJan. 23
...IJan. 23
...'Jan. 23
...IJan. 23
... Jan. It
... Jan. 21
... Jan. 24
...'Jan. 21
...Uan. 15
...iJan. 23
. .. ! Jan. 23
..Jjan. 25
Arcata
rJCoos Pay."
..:|Jan. 25
Mat tea wan ....
Miami
Corona
..|Comcx
. .|Depnrtur«? Hay
..,?an Pfpgxi
...IJan. 25
...Uan. -*•
..JJan. 27
North Fork
Curaiao
Qup*-n
Orizaba
Lady Jokey...
Bonit<i
of Cal.T;
-{HumboWt
r. I Mexico
. .! Victoria Sz Puget Soar
..lllumbol.lt
..[China an.l Japan
. . i Newport
..(Portland
...!Jan. 27
...'Jan. 2?
ndiJan. 2;
...'Jan. 27
...'Jan. ti
...Jan. 2^
...!Jan. »)Solid Hardwood Chair; strong-
ly made, full size; high, broad
back. Good, serviceable, every-
day chair for everr-dav use.
50 ccnis
Chairs In variety to meet any need
and to suit any taste. Big. uphols-
tered easy chairs for the old, weary,
or just lazy. Dainty birdseye maple
apd gilt for boudoir and parlor.
Elegance In reception and library —
up to $50.
Warmth and beauty for ths bed-
room in siik comforts. Filmy lace
curtains, big and little sofa cushions
in the Drapery Department.
Expansion in a dining table Is ce>
tainty desirable. Massive quartered
oak round tabfes with extension leaves
that make a round-end table to ac-
comodate twenty people. The new
Flemish oak, beautifully carved. A
hundred styles of all woods and
finishes, from 6 to 16 feet extension—
$4.50 to $75.00.
No dining room complete without a
sideboard. The styles and finish
cover every range of need. Quartered
golden oak, mahogany, biVdseye
maple, beautiful carvings and French
plate mirrors. As high as $135.
Good antique as low as 5i3.5°«
CARPET DErARTKSST
Our new stock of Carpets invites
your attention. Let us estimate on
one for you for the hr.il or the house.
Sewed on our electric sewing machine
and laid by our experts it cannot fail
in satisfying you.
A Rug that will stsnd wear, save
the carpet; bright pretty patterns and
colors — tapestry, reversible, fringed
end; 27x54 inches, 75 cents.
Fre*<leHven-.Ojl;!ani. AlameJa. BerTcstay
M FRIEDMAN £ CO.,
233 to 237 Pcct St.
Opeatresxias* NecrStocktoa
mony Mrs. B. Harris, the retiring chief
companion, was, by the circle, presented
a very handsome emblematic Jewel, one
of the handsomest designs ever presented
to an officer of that rank. An entertain
ing programme and refreshments fol
lowed.
Excelslor Circle will give a valentine
party on the night of the 14th of Feb
ruary.
On the 15th of February the lady mem
bers of Bay City Circle will give a Mi
kado party, when all will appear in Orien
tal costumes. The affair will be under the
direction of Miss Rose Wollmer, assisted
by Miss Mary Loryea.
Women of Woodcraft.
The following named officers of Red
wood Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
have been Installed by Past Guardian
Neighbor Mrs. A. D. Staneart: Mrs. V.
Daniels, past guardian neighbor; Mrs. L.
A. Raabe, guardian neighbor: Mrs. M.
Wilder, adviser; Mrs. A. E. Richardson,
magician; Mrs. J. Clark, clerk (re-elect
ed); Mrs. E. F. Blangy, banker (re-elect
ed); Mrs. R. Meadows, attendant; Mrs. A.
E. Neuman, musician; A. G. Blangy, cap
tain of the guard; Mrs. E. C. Ahlstrom,
Inner sentinuel; Thomas F. Hatton, outer
sentinel; Dr. M. E. Van Meter and Mrs.
Dr. C. Tetter, physicians; Mr 3. L. K.
Webber. Mrs. M. E. Schwelhard and Mrs.
E. L. Johnson, managers. Past Guardians
Mrs. A. D. Staneart and' Mrs. Viola Dan
iels were, by Dr. Van Meter on behalf of
tho circle, presented a beautiful em
blematic jewel of their rank. There
were present visitors from California, Al
hambra, Ensenada and La Rosa circles.
After the ceremony there was a banquet,
and from the speeches made it Is evident
that the members of Redwood Circle are
ln for woodcraft heart and soul.
The bon-bon party given last Tuesday
night by California Circle of the Women
of Woodcraft in the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building wns well attended
and a most pleasant programme of dance
was presented. The function, a great suc
cess, was under the management of Miss
Allco Perrln. who was floor manager.
Mrs. M. B. Estees, Mrs. May Katz and
Mrs. Annie Josenbruck.
Friends of the Forest.
Mrs. H. J. Schmehl, past president of
Mlzpah Lodge and a member of Pocahon
tas Council of the Detrree of Pocahontas,
has been quite ill for some time and Bhe
Is now ln one of the hospitals, where she
will have to undergo a severe surgical
operation. As that will entail a very
heavy expense friends gave her a benefit
entertainment ln Mission Opera Hall on
the night of tho 17th Inst.
Pioneer Lodge, whose officers were In
stalled last week, ns has already
been noticed In The Call, has a good set of
officers who havo promised to work for
the best interest of tho order and increase
its usefulness.
Annie Thomson has been Installed ; as
chaplain of Pioneer Lodge, and being at»
active worker for the order, will no doubt
make an efficient officer.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The members of Ycrba Bu'ena have ar
ranged for a masquerade ball to be given
on tho night of the 17th inst. In Turn
Verein Hall ln San Jose.
There is a movement afoot to secure a
State organizer for the order in this State
and when such la procured an aggressive
campaign of extension will be Inaugu
rated.
Daughters of St. George.
Mesdames Phoebe Williams, R. Mead
ows, Muhlner, RJ Hewitt, A. E. Creba.
Ilenwood, Davis, Goss, Llddlcoat and
Langlands have completed all arrange
ments for the grand snowball party to be
given In Pythian Castle on the last day of
the current month by Britannia Lodgo Jso.
7 of tho Daughters of St. George. There
will, ln addition to the dance, be a pro
gramme of entertainment.
Companions of the Forest.
Last Monday night the members of
Loyal Circle No. 179 had an open meet
ing for the benefit of Its friends ln its
hall ln the Shiels building. After a busi
ness session the guests wer6 admitted,
when they and tho members were treated
to a number of instrumental selections by
Professor Graber's banjo and mandolin
club, vocal solos by R. Gllchrlst and Mas
ter Cavanagh and other numbers, after
which the members and friends went to
the banquet hall to enjoy a sumptuous re
past. I Then followed dancing: ln th© social
" THE CREDIT HO USE" •
Six Storiet High ?
i
Order to the end that there shall be a
proper observance of Washington's birth
day under the auspices of both orrt^r^
It will be held in Odd Fellov.-s' Hall.
there was work In the adoption degree
and a motion was carried *hat the team
procure suitable costumes. E. Lastretto.
the eachem, made a donation of $25 to the
fund for that purpose.
Cherokee Tribe of Berkeley recently re
ceived a fraternal visit from the chiefs
and members of Pawnee Tribe of Ala
meda and Tecumseh Tribe of Oakland.
The chiefs of the first named visiting
tribe conferred the rite of adoption on
three palefaces ln perfect ritualistic
form. Great Sagamore A. L. Holder and
the past great sachem of Vallejo, who
were present, made "long talks," after
which Paolo Salisbury led a procession to
the banquet hall, where there was en-
Joyed an excellent feast of corn and veni
son, after wihch there was a good time.
Cherokee has doubled Its membership in
less than three months, when it was insti
tuted. On the last Tuesday in the month
the tribe will be officially visited by the
great chiefs.
The recent visit of the great sachem to
Red Cloud Tribe ln Sacramento and We
nohah Council In the same city proved
very Interesting. Subsequently he trailed
to this city, where he visited at different
times Manzanlta. Sotoyome and Winne
mucca tribes, and at each he had a talk
and spoke of the wonderful gain- the
tribes and councils have made in the res
ervation of California in the past few
months.
National Union.
California Council at its meeting last
Tuesday night received four strangers by
initiation and also had petitions presented
which will be acted upon at the next
meeting.
• The officers of San Francisco Council
were Installed with Imposing ceremonies
last Saturday night.
The National Union Literary and Social
Club, which had such a successful enter
tainment In Golden Gate Hall last week,
will give Its third entertainment and dance
ln Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the
15th of February.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent at Its last held re
view received four applications for ad
mission to membership. When these
shall have been admitted by Initiation the
membership roll will be increased to about
250. After the routine business the mem
bers present were entertained with an In
teresting programme of song, music and
specialties.
At the last held review of San Fran
cisco Tent, there being but little business
to transact, the tent was soon closed and
the evening was devoted to social enter
tainment. The tent's quartet rendered
several vocal selections and otuer mem
bers entertained with songs and recita
tions, while W. B. Greenberg told a num
ber of stcrles.
Pacific Tent had a pleasant emtertaln
ment on last Tuesday night ln Its hall,
and there was a good attendance to en
joy the programme presented.
Companions of the Forest, F. of A.
After the Installation of the officers of
Golden Gate Circle of the Compalons of
the Forest of America by Deputy M.
Levy, Herman Kohn, who retired from
the office of chief companion, after hav
ing served j three successive terms, was
presented a pair of beautiful diamond
mounted link cuff buttons.
The officers of Live Oak Circle were in
stalled by Deputy H. Kohn, in the pres
ence of a large number of friends of the
officers-elect, and at the close of the cere-
hall until midnight. The affair was voted
a success by all.
B'ne B'rith.
During the past week the deputies were
busy Installing the officers of the several
lodges Into office for the current term.
The District Grand Lodge No. 4 will
hold Its annual session ln this city, com
mencing on the ISth of February.
Royal Arcanum-
The officers of Sierra Council of Oak
land were Installed for the current term
by District Deputy Grand Regent T. O.
Hodgktns, In the presence of a large num
ber of members of the order. During: the
evening a great deal of Interest In the
¦work of the council was manifested and
a number of applications were promised
fo- the subsequent meeting. This council
'will give a ball in Elks' Hall on the- 29th,
when it is, expected that a large number
of Arcanumltes will meet and become bet
ter acquainted.
The officers of Argonaut Council wer«
installed by Thomas Banks, D. G. O. R..
and those of Golden West Council wera
installed on the 15th inst., while those of
Buena Vista Council were Installed on the
°6iTYh<f 23th Inst Golden "West Council
will have a good of the order night in its
new hall, and It will be assisted by San
Frauclsco Council.
An association of regents and past re
gents Is being formed ln this city, and It
Is expected that It will prove very bene
ficial to the order.
The deputy grand regent paid a visit to
the council ln Sacramento to help lncreasw
the membership to 100. after which he was
to move to Fresno and gro to Los An
geles, to be there In time for the opening
of the Grand Council on tho first Tues
day ln March. It Is expected that by
that time* the membership in this State
will have Increased to 1500.
Foresters of America.
One of the best evidences of the ad
vance that this order is making Is that
sine© last September eight new adult
courts have been Instituted. In the aamo
period on© Junior couTt was Instituted.
The last of the courts given legal ex-
lstence was Court Verbano. Instituted In
Oakland by Grand Senior Woodward Hee
nan, assisted by members of Court U. S.
of America and Court Ferruclo. O. Re
boli Is the chief ranger and G. Pedrola Is
financial secretary. It was organized by
P. G. Berlota, Al Rlehn and A. Nellsen
and starts out with a good membership.
At the institution there were present
Hugo K. Asher, G. S. C. R.. J. J. Cordy,
G. S.. Frank Conklln. G. T., and Depu
ties Goodwin, Rlehn, Perfetto Holden,
Bercowltß and members -of Court Oak
land.
Court Richmond rave an entertainment
to its friends ln Its hall laxt Tuesday
night and all had a pleasant time.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The courts and circle of this order havo
arranged to hold an eight days' fair ln the
Foresters', building commencing February
17 in aid of the 1900 Club, which has for Its
purpose the entertaining of the delegates
to the Subsidiary High Court and th«
delegates to tho Companions of the For
est.
Th» twelfth anniversary entertainment,
banquet and dance given by Court Twin
Peaks recently in the Foresters' building
was attended by about two hundred per
sons, ladles and gentlemen and was one
of the best devised affairs of the kind
that has been given In a fraternal order
in this city for years. There was an ex
cellent programme of music, song and
recitation, then the banquet and oratory,
and then dancing, each bo arranged aa to
time that there was plenty of enjoyment
of each and not a surfeit of either. The
affair reflected great credit on the court
and Its effective committee that arranged
the triple programme.
Daughters of Idberty.
The officers of California Council of the
Daughters of Liberty were Installed on
the 10th Inst. by . National Deputy Mrs.
Flora Bowley. It was announced that tha
prospects for the council under the new
administration are very flattering. Tho
council sent a Christmas box to the chil
dren s home at Tiffin. Ohio. A committee
of- three Is working with a like committee
from each of the councils of the Junior
Hale'a. _*E*M c ' fl - 5S!i _ jHalgau JS?£^ —
t "^SPI-iS'SSL.. a grander San Francisco-a grander Hales. ' }
4* although a grander San Francisco Is an assured fact, It will be some time before the Improvements are made. S^'^^^expS t£. way ahekd *f
£ S?y f S°« lr Sd"x ci tS ™££y?^y°Z T °% not so with Hales. you have seen our store grow, and now you can see the new home f or^our "^£ soods" being seen or win *cc for
"2+ things to be found among these "good built, seven doors west of our present building work has been commenced on our new quarters, wnlcn, when com- iora e time. ;*
goods." pleted, will be the most modern store ln San Francisco. number 2.... 5c yard.... sOc piec« -v-»
•JT •-?•/& v number 3.... «<3 yard.... **<>« r»ec» ~
{ p|^_..^ the white sale and lace curtains |I|ip;i|l *
«$* £?£££ 1 * -S" 1 2i n fnrh« to-morrow will mark the second week of the most successful white sale the west has ever known, as a spe- numb er 12.:::27 c yard.'.'." £>»<> i-ieca
IT wide ...... 7!?.. . '..... .....V.. .. $1.50 clal feature we will place on sale over 5000 pairs of lace curtains, this lot Is Just one-half of the entire number of number 40....55 C yard.... 3.13 pieca -^
A , "" """" *"'i'*'V"l V Cm curtains that we purchased some months ago. a great many lace curtains you say— the most ever bought by a. San
€¦ in "rtV ?ffe«s "S& inciSe?rte' Jilei Francisco house we say. we had this sale In mind when we bought them, by placing orders for our six California £| ovec ' *?„
<?? shades ..: '*.!... .'.. _.. °?._? 51.50 yard stores at the same time we were enabled to get them a great deal cheaper than any one else, since then the prices gIOVeS
jfc. .„„. t,_ , _ ?,, „„ have gone up, so that now, should we try to duplicate the order, they would cost us from Be to 25c a pair more than IS9O of kM loves ,n, n 4 _ button , A i loe . 4^
** tio^ for^Erfn*" corned £ ai7 the snrinr now P rl ced to you. they are all the product of American labor— they are therefore the best— most rightly priced— *nd Foster lacing; m broken s:zes: colors ;*
4* iha^ngs; 21 in K che?wme:?._:sl.35 P y^d most satisfactory, here are some of the items that make good our claim as "the lowest priced house In America ?•J&.'J I "^™^ ZT^Z'ToTtTii- will
JP for good goods." ' be on'sale Monday and till sold at_....'. £??
•^ frkilinnH clll/c lot i- 10^ 0 Pa'™ of ecru and white lace cur- lot 4—798 pairs ecru and white curtains. Stf effects; eight pattern, to choose f ™ m i»?^ 5!>C V&IT £
Jfc IUUIdI «J 911IVO tains, 3 yards long by 36 inches wide; there Is yards long by 60 inches wide, new effects; five pair *~.78 ana *.*.w M^ Jouvln nKI Fr?nch kll j K!ove f n a *y
•? a bright satin finish. In .well colorings; °"£ one Pattern, but It is a good one; per patterns, all good ones; per pair;............... „-.•„, with assortment of colors and sizes: ' B uar- -
Ij great variety to select from; 24 Inches palr 55c $1-5 and $1.35 , ot g_ M pairs point d esprit rarUins^wl th an teed and fitted $1.50 pair 4%»-
£ wld $1 yard lot 2_ %0 palrB ecnJ and whUe cur talns. S lot 5-7 SB pairs ecru and white curtains. 3V4 fo lnchl^'lcro "arid "hit* flS39 price. $3 73:1900 £?
A yards long by 40 Inches wide; 4 patterns to yards long by B0 and 54 Inches wide; six pat- D ,cc, cc ' _ alr «2.25
£ - . - choose from; good value, per pr.. 75c and SOo terns to choose from; per pr..sl.^O and $1.75 iJril - c ' v " v>x TTIOI"*G *£»
4* ne\V OPeSS gOOOS measure your windows and see lf you can lot <^-350 pairs curtains. 3* yards long by lot 9-16 pair, white point de C^»«* t £™: £
«t% new zlbellne plaids. In spring colorings, use the above lines. 64 Inches wide, in ecru and white; some neat 3tt yards long by 60 IncheB,wlde. •> plain ' °od- j^ nf\ Srif* W» 1 n
"S? specially adapted for separate skirts; 4S ¦ and new effects; six patterns: per pair lne , tte J l^ n ?A ta ™i?^?\SSs ' S8 & Will UI OIQCP V
?1 Inches wide §1 yard. lot 3— 924 pairs ecru and white curtains. 43 !f.2.00 and 8J3.23 value $4 50; white sale, per pair »><J.W
•g. ttn( ' *» Inches wide by 3 and 3% yards long; flva __ -^ _ ._ _ --^ -*
£ Scotch plaids. In block designs, for la- patterns to choose from- all of them worthy lot 7—436 pairs curtains. 34 yards long by 200 five- foot curtain- poles ln cherry, oalt and |1 CW o) a£»
«&f dies' eeparate skirts; new this season and of Inspection; per pair.... «1.00 and $1.10 54 Inches wide. In ecru and white; some dainty walnut, with neat brass trimmings. eacn..^B<J J*,"_~ * T Tl^
2 wide KnSereeXClUBlVe: - „ -. . « 6600 yards of cambric embroidery +2.
•J* wlde 91-syard - _ *-**-.-- ~1 Z *-. 4- +• 2« « **»~*j «*% !-• and insertions in an endless as-
t;, new cheviots: come ln two styles plain SnOttlCr UOQ C V 3ilO 5 1 Itl L 1L 1 1 U 111 OO • BOrtment of patterns, consisting of &
«?* and fancy diagonal design; extra heavy; UIIUHJVI It* a. M. %• A Ill Uk/1111 I* * IMilipin work edtres iruinure edc-ps
t Btrictly all-wool and very popular for tall- * P S i«. h w«,v guipure eilgea
ored gowns «1 yard our m US H n underwear buyer put another feather in his cap when he captured yesterday the entire consign- **"* ciosea worn. ,
». ment of an Eastern manufacturer, consisting of many hundreds of dollars' worth of drawers, gowns and skirts, all
T? _^.__. A _c ci«-.-«^i good goods, made by white labor only, they were offered to us at a tremendous cut in prices and we gobbled up j - • - ;* "
j?. mOrC Ol TiannCl" the whole lot. worked all night getting them in shape for you. here are some of the good things, prices lower cQJ£llli*O t?
I ettes, table linens, than th °* ™* betore the adTiunc ' ln th " c EOOds - 6 00 yaT 2 in. £?ae to ,«n....4c ng.
1 pillow cases and J^<* drawePS gowns skirts j^> 30Oyda ;.?. a r. d . 3 . 1 ."..^ <1 i. t Se seI i ri *
£ Z~ - - _ TTTf-Vm' white labor only white labor only white labor only f . O^-^^U:'^ . . 400 yds. ZVi and S in. wide to
"& DC U SprCadS I good heavy, soft fin- 4 atyles good muslin, high or low neck yoke good muslin, cut f)j>£L 'frjf) sell lOc a yd. ;*
At k/wv ?»^. fl, nn »i.tt.- rt mA,. wM»- \ <&<! ' sn rnu sl| n. cut extra of embroidery or lace insertion, with clusters wide, cambrlo ruffl« ;f, «->TiT W &.y- \ 800 yds. 3 and \Vz In. wide to
f pi^a^u^XS^-JaehS:..^: VT^/P* rr'tTh^ster^of of flne tucks, ruffle trimmed neck and sleeve. around bottom . *f&F ) L\\ 12c a yd. \
A °«yard finT'tuTks and feather Whlte Sal ' prlce 3Sc trlmm.4 with lace. l&Hip- / 800 yds. 3 and 6% In. wide to §•
J* 20 Dleces table damask, bleached: 60 ,//- V stitching above. « Btvles rood muslin hlrh neck or V neck clusters of flne tuck* SL',^L*l<^ _X sell IG2-.»Cayd. c<)o
inches wide; all linen; gc.d weight; white 4/ V Wh.te^e price 210 J^lltt^^^LToln- Ze^uTn. J\^K «00 yds. 3% and 5% in. wide to
* trk;V"«d"an7'wMt;'"table LThs; te^ ..3 > finish >°" ruffle trimming around neck, down front and on White Sale .5o V W^\ B0 0 'yds '3 ' and s% 'in.' " wTd^ to 1
f WMM 75eeach f^^ White Sale price ,5c J^«^£ H \ flffik |
•^ 10x4 ?1 each V-vAfclWd I broidery 1 , other style » styles good soft finish muslin, high neck or la ruffles of cambria /H\VVllr4
». 1200 sheets; bleached: double bed size; v/^ """^1 I trimmed' with lace. empire style, very showy yokes of fine embrol- with flne tucks. Al| M p<jT| n^, 11-»1 1-» c*> pf"J OTI ??•
«»? rood quality muslin; two-Inch hem: ready I White Sale price 25© <jery Insertion, with revers of wide embroidery, some with wide lac« \ i ' W</| ¦ \*' lllowl l.l\^»ic»
-. for use; 81x90 Inches 4Uc each f 4 sty ies flne soft other Bty , eB wlth laco yohe9 , wen of lace. edge, others with k\\ b. 300 yds. I*4 Inches wide 4c +3.
JK 6 cases white crochet bedspreads; 72x54 5 styles flne soft quality muslin, ombrelle dery i nsert ion and clusters of flne tucks, neck j ,tyles flne grade muslin. wid« nmbreU* jZ*
% Sp^^S^^^^SA «tfc^J£^XSSssi'&Ss£ K^.? f ™K^^j2i h SS I ISS7-iS chinawarc and g.
* styles with wide embroidery naffle.^ '^ brimmed wt house f UPHiShlllgS |.
lan important sale aprons chemise l ££^r\Al^^^^ jrsL?e^\ &r£^£:£?™\* %,
*" CkT Wnmfn'c IVPnnc w hltolnhni«nnlv white labor only ter3 o f fl ne tucks above, other styles with wld« Christmas goods art all gone, and ih« en-
we n^e Bme8 m e ,"n- to f P^ „ Pi- ™« c^c'tTnches^ide. 3 2 Inches good musUn round necks, open front., neck. U^floun^ rows lace Insertion, wld. lace «™flo^U .Jj- ojjjr Uj
£ yorof^Vy^senVu^VnforroVrfy^u &^<"&£?*> M •"»**¦ <*°> ***!& W?s£^££^^2£S&£S* '* Wblte Sale .1.00 some other.:
•* can flnd It convenient to get here In time, bottoms. Hales *»« «aje ¦ 1341 plates-dinner, tea. .oap, breakfast ;•
JSi. there will be a good attendance-not a » and ple-nlcely decorated In various colors
T? scramble-and the lots may end with the APnOld S and Patterns. wIUi and without goM; ~k
<b day. for the reductions are very, very „ Jt- C• . , +~lmmin rtc worth from 120 to 15c: your choice 7o 4^
<C? great. epecialtles comprise 22 different articles. trimming** 79 covered dishes, prettily decorated with ~
41 ladies' black Jackets, ln boucle. kersey - . ¦, dressing sacques..^...... »• mohair florence braid and without gold; worth from 75c to $1.00; fe«
T? and melton cloths, some double-breasted Sniimin^ lounging robes, f 2.75. for steamer or car travel or sick room. ¦ 7Bc ft) , ack on , y) % j now 40c
JK with deep reveres; others are fly fronts * 3 H llItl ¦ lp & gauze drawers, umbrella ruffle. «K«**4Oe**BO« OOc Csc inch wide. ..B l-3c yd 33 soup tureens, nicely decorated In varl- fc»
T* that button up to neck; some are lined ...K^^l children s drawers. 2 years to 1 8.. ............ •"••••••;•"•••••• * IoC ' vc * " ' ' ous color* and shapes: worth irorn fL*5 to
•. throughout, others only faced: they were Wlieel short flannel skirts, Csc and OOc. with and without waists. _^ «25.50 V,i Inches wide $1.50; now 7Oc i^.
* f°>a J^t «ason for J5. J6 50 and J7 60: now - . . a°nd ask Vor" caialo CvC v - c -" lOc yard „ chlaa n!c?ly decorated.
& ch«.ren's- C olf-«p; s -of Vna^-^ S01"^S 01 "^ „ Hudnut's famous perfumes" In dainty bottles make the most acceptable card pri.es and b lar «»«J^
•. trtmroed with colored plaid of different ? , U1 . German favors. braid, black and colors. ., nelr paper ' " yarcs< B " 1 coiora. spe-
shadings. either with hoods or yokes. hJgh an old - fashioned #/ .... about 12 cross, will be cla » —• — '" "^'"11",'" I" '"^.'l J, **
£ and™oo C d°mUngsrslzL a TtoH e yea U rs.|S E P lnnln & wheel wIU lf WC pICOSC yy ° U ' tC " Othcr^ ?if WO d ° n *' teH US * Sl^. -^ "sc^ "ytrd $
"" be operated every - ¦» J^ST soap— a good laundry soap: special £0
« H M n lir. day by Mrs. C. Ja- j /M/ <§) > ?" trtmnSSf "S^*™? 1000 half-pound bar. of ca.Mle soap.. 5o '£
& a ClCan- UP cobson ln the ladles . T \^^^^pm /§/ / {*2^V' (SgS^L and I inch wide. red. Colgate perfumer ounce «o o . ; -.
*? i-% lor>l/Afc _„,., __ ti . «... 73EJ7 /iSjf /#7f^4% itfSClZs* "he green, navy and combl- Kirk's buttermilk soap, S cakes In a box; ;t
fr. in JuCKCtS parlor. see it run 'the /£%// fi&y (%s££e£& (s3gZ> Q^^ 7 ne nation of Mack and wortn i; c 7.- ; .
color, and black, consisting of kersey 10 to 12 a. m. Store /fWJ^L^ — satlS- r^^*^,*?^ toothbrush, worth IZc l^o^
«£l and melton and boucle cloth: some silk- and Itosp. m. . mother /£SY *~ **st<rs*j>\^^ factory J^Ta yard, can be had society tints, writing paper, all colors. 4£»
lined throughout, others partly lined, dou- V likes " =S ' *^^ a J*f»#®& G@@&££*^ store." i^nday at... -Oc yard box 15o J -
A ble-breasted and fly fronts predominating; " K6S ' St *n!2jfer 6 ~ t^^^ w^-* < '^ Monaay ai.. envelopes H"
4 1 935-9A7 Market Street. | f to match; box 23 0
The Eastern Star.
Grand Matron Mrs. Fanr.ie T. McCowan
ar.d Afs'.start Grand Matron Mrs. Lula
Lucas held the first school of instruction
of the current year at Ariel Chapter No.
42 at Antloch last evening. Commencing
this week the grand matron will visit the
chapters in the vicinity of that place and
the associate grand matron will visit chap
ters in the interior. It is the purpose of
the grand matron to have all the chapters
receive the benefits of a school of Instruc
tion.
The Odd Fellows.
Grand Patriarch Joseph Foster during
the past week made official visitations as
announced last Sunday, and he met with
a warm fraternal reception In each en
campment visited. Next Tuesday he will
visit Sunset Encampment in Alameda, on
Thursday he will be in Haywards. on Fri
day in Vallrjo and on Saturday in Napa.
Last Monday Past Grand Alexander and
Grand Secretary Shaw went to San Mateo
and were present at the Installation of the
officers for the current term. After the
ceremony the visitors addressed a large
number of young men not members of the
order, after which there was a banquet.
The reports that are being received
chow an unusual increase in the order in
a.ll parts of the State during the last half
Cf ISSO.
Mrs. Helena Carpenter has returned
from her trip in the extreme north and
is exceedingly well pleased with the tuc
cess of the order In that section.
Oriental Rebekah Lod^e had a pleasant
party last Wednesday night.
The Elks.
Ban Francisco Lodge Is already at work
making arrangements for the installation
banquet, to be given some time In April.
The officers for the ensuing term will be
elected in the latter part of March. At
the meeting last Friday night the lodge
had four candidates for initiation.
Exalted Ruler H. 8. Manning. Thomas
Dunne. Theo F. Bonnett, J. N. O'Dell. li.
I?. Hagan and ether members of San
Francisco Lodge went to San Jose last
Wednesday nipht for the purpose of In
structing the lodge there In the work of
the order, which they did by the initia
tion cf ten candidates. The visitors were
entertained at a banquet that was a ban
quet.
Stockton Lodge Is arranging for the
dedication cf Its new hall during the lat
ter part of the current month or the early
part of next month.
Order of Americas.
Last Monday evening the officers of San
Francisco Council No. 14 of the Order of
Americus. whose names have already
been published, were installed by Deputy
Supreme President John Van Alen and
they entered upon their duties for the
current term. A number of applications
•were presented and more promised, which
Is proof that the council is attracting the
attention of those who wish to enjoy Its
benefits. After the routine business had
been disposed of there was an Interest
ing address by C. J. King, the secretary,
and I. Danziger. the newly Installed pres
ident, treated the membership to frag
rant Havar.as.
On the Saturday previous Dr. F. R.
TVoolsey. Dr. Edward Gray, J. J. Stahl,
Robert Mills and one of the honorary
members of San Francisco Council were
the guests of Deputy Van Alen. They
accompanied him to the Columbia, and
after the play they partook of an ex
cellent supper at one of the first-class
rotisseries. This was a recognition of the
gentlemen's cervices to the order during
several months past. They all epent a
very enjoyable evening.
The Native Sons.
Macera Parlor has been reorganized
with fifty-six members. There were pres
ent at the ceremony a delegation from
Tosemite Parlor of Merced, composed of
Oscar M. Oliver, H. H. Henderson. Jack
Griffin. C. li. Leggett. E. H. Hoar and Jo-
Beph Goldman. Junior Past Grand Con
ley presided. After the ceremony there
¦was an hour at the banquet table, and
according to the visitors from Merced,
the young men of Madera Parlor know
how to entertain.
The officers of Stockton Parlor were ln
rtallrd for the current term by Charles
E. Manthey, D. G. P., but before that
ceremony the parlor added ten to Its
membership by Initiation, the work being
done in a most satisfactory manner. This
parlor now has 255 members, which makes
it the banner parlor of those outside of
this city. It has J14.550 in its treasury
and Is second in finance, being led only
by a small margin by California Parlor
of this city. The ceremony of Installa
tion was followed by a banquet, at which
Judge McNoble presided as toastmaster
In that "graceful, make yourself -at-home-
Ktyle." for which he and the parlor are
noted. There was a good programme of
entertainment.
The enthusiasm in the movement for the
Past Presidents' Association Is still on the
boom, and those who have the matter
In charge expect to make this the best
and most influential society of past offi
cers ever organized in this State. The
body has adopted a neat badge, of which
E.n illustration is presented. On Satur
day, the 27th inst., the charter will close
end the permanent officers will be elected.
The report of the committee on consti
tution and by-laws will also be presented.
Those who want to be charter members,
no matter from what part of the State,
Trill have to send In their propositions on
or before the right named.
Grand Trustee McNoble has paid visits
as follows: January 13, to Watsonville;
15, Mayfleld; 16, Santa Cruz, and 17. to Sea
Point Parlor.
Madera Parlor has be«»n doing remark
ably good work in the initiatory line, hav
ing already taken In sixty, and more to b«
admitted on the 22d ln?t. The grand pres
ident Trtll be present on that occasion.
Native Daughters.
Oro Fino Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters has changed its meeting night from
Saturdays to the first and third Tuesdays
In each month, and now meets In Portola
Hall of the Native Sons' building.
Bans Soucl Parlor has shown its appre
ciation of the many services rendered to
it by Mrs. Rebecca Kemp Van Ec of Alta
Parlor by presenting her with a beautiful
decorated urn. The lady, who Is a first
class instrumentalist, has on a number of
occasions furnished music for the parlor.
On the evening of Saturday, the 13th
Inst., Past Grand President Mrs. Mary E.
Tillman entertained a number of Natlva
Daughters at her residence, 2919 Folsom
street, and treated them to an exquisite
cupper (rot up especially In their honor.
Those who occupied the table in the mag
nificent dining rooms decorated with
pinks and FmlTax were besides the host
ess: Mrs. Belle "W. Conrad, past grand
president: Mrs. A. McKay, Mrs. C. F.
lvapp, Mrs. Minnie Gunzendorfer, Mrs.
Georgie Spooner, Mrs. Agnes L-unstedt,
Mrs. Georgie Stout, Mrs. Lena B. Mills,
Mrs. Bee, Mrs. A. D. Coddington, Mrs.
Shine ana Mrs. Ella Caminettl, past
prand trustee. After supper there was
music and eong, and several of the party
Just before the hour for parting did a
cakewalk that was up to date.
The officers of Princess Parlor of Angels
were installed by Past President L>. M.
Condy, assisted by Mrs. Dolling as grand
past president and Mrs. Donoho as grand
marshal. The installation entertainment
and collation was postponed until the
meeting after Installation, which was last
Friday night.
The Druids.
Vasco da Oama Grove was visited last
Monday night by Noble Grand Arch
James F. Martlnonl, Grand Secretary
Graves and Grand Treasurer E. H.
Goetze. The work was exemplified by the
initiation of two candidates and after
short addresses by the visiting officials
there was a banquet and a pleasant even-
Ing.
The gTand secretary recently returned
from a flying trip to Modesto, his former
home, and while there he revived Mistle
toe Circle, which had been dormant for
nearly two years. New officers were
elected and Installed and It Is likely that
tho circle will now move along with the
procession. He also visited Modesto
Grove, where there were one reinstate
ment, four applications and eleven initia
tions.
The noble grand arch, accompanied by
the grand secretary' and Jacob Nickels,
grand trustee, visited San Jose, Garden
and Columbus groves in joint session,
witnessed two Initiations and discovered
much enthusiasm in the groves. The
grand officers were, after the work, the
guests of the groves at a banquet.
The noble grand arch, while on a busi
ness trip at San Luis Obispo and Guada
lupe, found the Druids there very active
and working hard to have many live can
didates on the occasion of the approach
ing official visits.
There are good prospects for a new
grove at Santa Maria. Aurora Grove at
its last held meeting Initiated three can
didates. Magnolia Grove of Los Angeles
at its last held meeting had fifty-two
members, with five applications on the
desk. Mount Tamalpals received four ap
plications at Its last held meeting, and
Bruno Grove of Sissons reports twelve
initiations since the recent official visit
of the noble grand arch.
Ancient Order Workmen.
At a recent meeting of Crocker Lodge
Special Deputy "Walter Molloy and mem
bers of the extension committee assisted
in the initiation of five candidates. Dep
uty Molloy presented to M. Shiels, a re
turned volunteer from Manila, a souvenir
badge, such as was presented to other re
turned soldiers some time ago.
The extension committee through Its ef
forts in December procured an addition
of nearly 1100 members and kept the sus
pensions down to less than one-half the
usual number, the smallest number in
years. The Grand Lodge extension com
mittee met yesterday and decided to con
tinue the work of extension in all parts of
the State.
At the installation of the officers of Val
ley Lodge last week Past Master Work
man Barnes presented a Jewel of honor to
the lodge for having made the greatest
gain In a month— thirty-nine. This in
turn was presented to Past Master Thurs
ton, the junior past master. He was also
prepented a past master's Jewel.
The officers of Ivy Lodge of the Degree
of Honor were installed in Oakland last
Wednesday night by District Deputy Lo
retta Donolly, after which a beautiful
Jewel of the order was presented to Mrs.
M. Garrison, the retiring chief of honor.
Then there was a programme of enter
tainment and dancing. Mrs. Mary Reich
man is the new chief of honor.
As a result of the visit of Grand Re
corder Loretta Donolly to Monterey nnd
Watsonville. a lodge of the Degree of
Honor will be instituted at each of those
places within two weeks.
The two busy B's. Past Grand Master
Barnes and Grand Receiver Booth, were
present and took part In the entertain
ment given by Hayward Lodge In cele
bration of its anniversary. v.
Improved Ord-r of Red Men.
The following named district deputies of
this city have formed a team for the pur
pose of raising up the chiefs of the vari
ous local tribes: A. Hausman of White
Easle, acting great sachem: Thomas
Roche of Bald Eagle, acting great pro
phet; George S. Graham, acting senior
sagamore: M. L. Wheeler of Powhattan,
acting Junior sagamore: J. S. Colby or
Osceola, acting great sannap; and J. Con
den of Seminole, acting great mishena
wah. These deputies during the week
raised up the officers of Montezuma, Man
zanita and Seminole tribes, and they per
formed their work without book in a most
perfect manner.
The reports of the past six moons that
are being received show a heaithy In
crease in all parts of the reservation.
Yosemlte Tribe, "the baby." of this city
is doing well and Its members are very
enthusiastic At the last held meeting
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
eteiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
First Baptist. Auditorium, Y. M. C. A.—
llason aad Ellis streets— Rev. E. A.
Woods.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, oear
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
et. Marr*s, California and Dupont streets—
Paullst Father*.
Et Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Bt. Frsmcle*. Montgomery avenue and Val
lejo ctreet — Rev. T. Caraher.
Et. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell etreet— Rev. Father Prender
gast. V. O.
First Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets— Rei\ George C.
Adams.
Richmond Congregational, Fourth avenue,
near Point Lobos— Rev. Phi'.lp Coombe.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
. streets— Rev. H. J. Shepard.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
AliesSon — Rev. William Rader.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. D. C. Garrett.
Trinity. Bush and Goujrh streets— Rev. H.
S. Hanson.
Centenary M. E., Bush street, rear Gough —
Rev. J. E. Moor*.
Simpson Memorial, comer Hayes and Bu
chanan streets — Rev. John Stephens.
«
Trinity M. E.. corner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore XX. Wood
ward.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderick streets— R*v. A. <C. Bane.
First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing
ton—Xlev. W. 6. Urmy.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rer. J. N. Beard.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near S>
l*n»-Sev. S. N. 54'ooCWKtf.
Morning— "The Divine Trinity." Evening—
•'The Ninth Commandment—Truthful
ness."
Morning— "Then Cometh the End." Even-
Ing— "The Man With One Talent."
Morning— "Christ as a Servant." Evening
—"The First Haying From the Cross."
Morning— Rev. P. J. Murphy, C. S. P.. will
preach at 11 o'clock mass. . Evening— Rev.
Father Wyman will preach.
Morning— Rev. Father Woods will preach on
the gospel at the 10:30 mass. Evening-
Rev. Father Hlckey will preach after vej
per».
Morning— Rev. T. Caraher will preach on
"Damascus— the Berne of Bt. Paul's Con
version," at the late mass.
Morning— Rev. E. P. Dtmpify will preach
at the 11 o'clock mam. Evening— Rev. C.
A. Ramm will deliver the sermon at ves
pers.
j :
] Morning— "Attributes of God." Evening—
j "Blessing Them That Curse Tou."
j •
Morning — I'sual service. Afternoon— 3 p. m..
opening service in new building. Even
ing—Praise service In r.exv building.
Morning— "Manliness ¦ and Prohibition."
Evening— "The Racial Excluslveness of
Chrirt."
Mornlnc— "The Growth of Jesus." Even-
Ing— "First the Natural. Then the Eptrit
ual."
Morninc— Preaciilng by the rector. Even
ing—Same.
Mornlns— Sermon and special mu*lc. Even-
Ing— Same.
Morning— Special music and lern-.on. Even-
Ing—Same.
Mornlnr— "The Riches of the Poor." Even-
Ing— "Chains of Oold," and evangelistic
service.
Morning— Rev. W. W. Caae will preach.
Evening — Revival service.
Morning— "Go Forward." Evening—"Build
ing on the Sand."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Buaa.
Howard M. E.. between Second and Third
streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
Central M. E., Mission 6treet. near Sixth-
Rev. S. D. Hutslnpillar.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets — Rev. W. M. Woodward.
A. M. E. ZJon. 805 Stockton street— Rev.
Richmond 11. E.. corner Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth avenue
and Latona street — Rev. Herbert N.
Bcvler. V.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets — Rev. John IlempUlU.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets — Rev. David James.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacra n:ento street — Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
First I r nltarlan. southwest corner of Geary
and Kranklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
minister emeritus; Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister.
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
T. M. C A. Auditorium, Ellis and Mason
streets— H. J. McCoy, secretary.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter street— The Bible and
Science and Health. With Key to the
Scriptures.
First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street—
Rev. E. Icelander.
Evangelical Emmanuel, Twelfth and Stev
enson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—Rev. F. S. Ford.
First Divine Science. Yosemlte Hall. Native
Sons' building — Rev. M. E. Cramer.
Theoßophlcal Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
Advent Christian, Church street, near
Twenty-ninth— Rev. Dr. P. Brett.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 220
Post street— C. A, Perkins, pastor.
Morning— "The Secret of Advance." Even
ing—Sermon by the pastor suitable to re
vival work.
Morning— ••Gospel ana Man." Evening—
A very Important Question."
Morning:— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— "Am I Doing My Duty?" Even-
Ing— "What Shall We Do for the White
Man?"
Morning— "Nothing but Leaves." Evening—
"Seek Te the Lord."
Morning— "Fellowship With Chritt." fol
lowed by communion and reception of
members. Evening— "The New Hope."
Morning— Sermon and special music. Even
lng— "Three Open Doors."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
BUM.
M °™' n E— Sermon b >' the Pistor. Evening—
The Mistakes of a Good Man."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Morning-Rev, o. W. Stone, field agent of
the American Unitarian Association, will
preach on "The Opening Vision."
Afternoon— Frederick Thomas of Denver.
Colo., will speak on personal reminis
cences of the work of Mr. Moody.
Morning— "Love." All are Invited.
Morning— "The Gospel an Inspiring Theme."
livening— "Why Do the Wicked Prosper?"
Morning— "We Are Taught That We May
Teaoh." Evening— "Without Christ—Noth
ing."
Morning— "Growth." Evening— "Exodui."
the second of a series on the Christian
church.
Morning— "Practical Use of Divine Sci
ence." All invited.
Evening— Charles P. Nlelson will speak on
"My Lady's Tumbler."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— Sermon by F. B. Blair.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
FRATERNAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1900.
32