announcement to-morrow at the quarterly
convocation of the university in Stude
baker Hall. The president hoped to an
nounce that the university would be $4.-
OOOffIOQ richer, but he has not been able to
raise the $:U5.000 which, duplicated by John
D. Rockefeller, would make up that
amount. However. Mr. Rockefeller has
wired that he will extend the limit three
months, and in that time Dr. Harper
thinks he is reasonably sure of getting the
rest of the money, as he has several large,
donations in prospect.
Four years ago Mr. Rockefeller gave th«
university a $1,000,000 present and promised
to duplicate every amount donated before
January 1. 1900. up to J2.000.000. One year
ago Mr. Harper had secured $1,135,000 from
various sources to apply on the $2.00Oj)O0.
Since then this amount has been raised
$550,000.
It Is understood that much of thA money
has come from business men of this city.
Delayed by Landslide.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. I.— A landslide on
the California Northwestern Railroad
north of Cloverdale delayed passenger
traffic about one hour to-day while a tem
porary track was constructed around tha
obstruction*.
Special Cable to the Jlev/ York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by j James
;! Gordon ; Bsnnett. Republication of this dispatch is prohibited. All
. rights reserved in the TJnited States and . Great Britain. j -•* .' ;
— .' ¦ ¦ ¦¦.¦¦' . ...- .¦¦ ' • .... ¦¦ ¦ • ' .'¦ ¦¦• ..- ¦ ¦ .¦ ¦ J
V^^;^^\•liONpDN^,.¦Jal^/\¦'i..^•This¦^iJpatG]^ from its special cor
respondent is published by the Daily -Mail; .
REXSBURG. Cape Colony, Jan. i. — -By a brilliant strate
gical movement General French has driven the Boers put of
Colesberg. to which they had fallen back on Saturday from this
place. We had occupied Rcnsburg siding in strength "Saturday
and had come into touch with the enemy, who fired on our
skirmishers from what appeared to be an intrenched position.
We had, however, only one man slightly wounded, but the
proximity of the Boers made every one eager: to advance.
Yesterday afternoon a force of cavalry and infantry with
ten guns, the whole under the command of General French him
self, left here, and after. a detour occupied some hills three miles
from Colesberg, where the Boers lay in strength, confident be
cause of the natural aid afforded them by the hills around. The
enemy's position extended for six miles round the entire vil
lage. At daybreak to-day our artillery opened the battle. The
Boers, though taken a little by surprise, replied with their
guns. The duel went on for two hours without cessation. Our
gunners showed marvelous accuracy and it soon told. The first
enemy's Hotchkiss collapsed and then the Boers' big gun was
silenced early in the action, but the other pieces of artillery held
out until they gradually fell back. The Hotchkiss was aban
doned and we captured it, but the other guns were removed to
the north, as our cavalry closed in. As the guns were withdrawn
they shelled our cavalry, but caused no damage. Our advanc
ing guns speedily silenced them.
The Boers appear to be retreating north, but we are har
assing them and our shells are doing much damage. I can
plainly see horses galloping madly away in all directions after
our shells burst. ' '¦ .• • . .-' • ¦ '
Colesberg is now in our hands. "The few loyalists who re
main there are jubilant. ., We. have captured many of the en
emy's wagons and a considerable' quantity of stores. Our losses
are quite slight, but the Boers ; must have suffered heavily.
The enemy may. stop at Achtertang or cross the river alto
gether at ¦Noryais Port, where the bridge is yet intact.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— General French's
success In Cape. Colony ngaln em
phasizes what has been pointed
out. In these dispatches time and
time again— the absolute necessity
of a strong force nf irregular cavalry and
mounted infantry if the British^are to be
able successfully to cope with the. Boors.
French is one general who has been for
tunate enough to command a force as mo
bile or more mobile than the Boers. Hav
ing this advantage and being a born cav
alry leader, he is the one British general
who has not received a check. He has
beaten the Boers at their own game by
outflanking them continually.
His success, though It may not be a very
important feat of arms, is immensely sig
nificant, as showing what is possible when
the British can move as quickly as the
Boers. This is the first occasion in the
present, war in which the Boers have been
dislodged by a turning movement.
General French is operating In a country
which is fairly favorable to the action of
cavalry, and his force is • mainly com
posed of mounted men. if the other Brit
ish columns had been as well provided
with mounted men we should unquestion
ably have heard less of frontal attacks.
General French has been constantly har
assing the Boers, finding out their strong
positions and then working round on then
flank and ever and anon threatening their
communications. He has advanced, re
tired, maneuvered and fought until by
"successive steps he has driven the Boers
eastward or northward, and Colesberg is
once more in British hands.
General French's successful action is not
the only piece of news from this region.
Further toward the east, near Dordrecht,
which was recently occupied by the Brit
ish, there has been some fighting, with
abundant promise of more. Captain do
Montmorehcy with a reronnoitering party
fell in on Saturday with a largo body of
Boers eight miles north of Dordrecht. For
six hours he managed to keep the Boera
in check, until the arrival of reinforce
ments for the enemy with two guns mado
him retire. The Boers advanced upon
Dordrecht, and when last heard of were
threatening the town. No news has yet
come In whether they made* an attack. on
the -town.
That Qeneral Buller will -once mpr© at-
tempt at an early date to force a passage
of the Tugela River seems to be the. fixed
opinion In Frere camp. He has been con
siderably 1 strengthened by the troops of
the. Fifth Division, under Warren, ard
fresh artillery, including several five-inch
and six-inch howitzers from the siege
train. He must now muster not far short
of 30.0T0 men and sixty guns; without
counting; the naval complement. He is
not strong in cavalry, though with the. ir
regulars he should have about 4000 men.
The problem before him is ono of the. most
difficult that war can offer. He has to
cross a river of considerable volume, all
the fords of which are commanded by
earthworks mounting powerful guns and
lined with expert marksmen. The Boers
are superior to him In mobility, and can
follow his movements with such rapidity
that they will probably be able to frus
trate all attempts to turn their positions.
They are not greatly Inferior in number,
having 20.000 or 25,000 men on the Tugela
River. ¦"?- i
A Free State commando is on the Tu
gela west of Colenso. and guns have been
mounted at Potgleters Drift, evidently to
defeat a turning movement from the
west. Intrenching by both armies at
Modder River still proceeds, but .ouside
of desultory artillery duels and skirmishes
between outposts there is nothing to dis
turb the condition of masterly inactivity.
:—: —
BULLER'S DIFFICULTIES
HAVE BEEN INCREASED
LONDON. Jan. 2.— The Standard's cor
respondent at Frere Camp, telegraphing
on January 1, says:
"Sir Charles Warren's division Is now
nearly complete. Its headquarters will be
at Estcourt. It Is rumored here that the
guns which- were captured from General
Buller at Colensb have been mounted in
the hills commanding, the drift over the
Tugela River at ; Springfield?.' The-Uoers.
It appears.- captured' 62o rounds of shrap
nel when they . took the guns.
"General Buller's difficulties have '_ been
Immeasurably-Increased, by the. enforced
delay since the last engagement. He now.
has before - him ¦ a . series 'of ¦: walled ! and
fortified hills, running'— sixteen, 'miles
Port Elizabeth, Where British Reinforcements Are Now Landing.
Port Elizabeth lies on Algoa Bay, 428 miles east of Cape Town and 354 miles south of Durban. It is the ocean ter
minus of the Midland Railroad system, which runs to Bloemfontein and Pretoria, and is the nearest port to General
French's base of operations at Naauwpoort. General Cleary's division was destined for this port on sailing from Eng
land, but was later ordered on up to Natal. A larger part of the Fifth and Sixth divisions will probably disembark at
this port.
STARTLING RUMORS
OF A DUTCH RISING
CAPE TOWN. Jan. I.— Ugly rumors are
in circulation of a Dutch rising with the
object of seizing Capo Town and the docks
and capturing the Governor of Cape Col
ony—Sir Alfred Mllner. The center of the
movement is said to be Pearl, a village
about thirty miles from Cape Town,
where a meeting of the Afrikanderbund
was held yesterday. A similar meeting
was held at. Richmond on December 2S.
and it la reported that 'the members of the
bund in these two towns are acting In
concert.
The members of the bund in Willlngton
and the Dutch In Clan William District
are said to be armed with Mausers and to
be anxious to use them in behalf of the
Boers.
'. Although the stories of a rising are dis
credited, the police and military are tak
ing ample prccautlpns. WWSSM
BOER SPIES ENLIST
WITH BRITISH TROOPS
LONDON. Jan. I.— Alleged Boer spies,
it has been discovered, have unlisted In
the Yeomanry- A report of -£oTd Ches
ham, who is In command of ¦ the Yeo
manry forces, says that the officials of
this arm of the service are being pestered
by agents of Dr. " Leyds, the European
plenipotentiary of the South African
Government. He adds that two of them
were actually accepted, but that they
were afterward discovered. He declares
that the same thing occurred In Thorny
croft's Horse, seven spies being dis
covered in that bedy. He says, continu
ing:
"We have given word to all our com
manding offlosrs to keep a sharp lookout
for- traitors."
No steps hay© been taken thus far to
punish the alleged spies.
PORTUGUESE PEOPLE
SYMPATHIZE WITH BOERS
LONDON, Jan. 2.— The Lisbon corre
spondent of the Standard says: "It is cur
rently reported that the speech of King
Carlos In the Cortes to-morrow will refer
at some length to the situation In South
Africa, but It Is doubtful whether any
thing will be said any more friendly to
England than to the Transvaal. The pub
lic is with the Boers and the papers gen
erally fear British designs upon Delagoa
Bay. The Portuguese Government asserts
that" it has done everything to preserve
neutrality."
VANCOUVER TO RAISE
A MOUNTED CORPS
-yASCOTJYER, B. C, Jan. ' L—Consid
Minor Battle in Which Boers Retreat Before the
Attacking British- Forces— Butter's Diffi
culties Vastly Increased.
MILLIONS DONATED TO
CHICAGO UNIVERSITY
John D. Rockefeller Duplicating All
Gifts Made by Other Mem
of Money.
CHICAGO. Jan. I.*— The University of
Chicago has received a New Year's gift of
53,370,000. President Harper •will make Lba
KENTUCKY DEMOCRATS
TO CAUCUS FOR SENATOR
Blackburn Certain to Receive the
Nomination by Ac
clamation.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. L— A war
rant has been issued for the arrest of
John H. Whalen. charging him with hav
ing attempted to bribe Senator Harrold.
Senator Goebel, chairman of the Demo
cratic joint caucus. Issued a call for a
caucus to-morrow night. He states that
the caucus is for the sole purpose of nom
inating a candidate for United States Sen
ator. Of course Blackburn will be the
only name presented and he will be nom
inated by acclamation.
The calling of a caucus for Senator at
this early date was a mov© on the part
of Goebel leaders to put an end to the
stories, that, in the event that Goebel
should fall In his contest, he might at
tempt to wrest th© Senatt>rshJn from
Blackburn.
erable disappointment has been caused
throughout this province by the failure of
the Dominion Government to include In
the second Canadian regiment for South
Africa n company from British Columbia.
Prominent citizens of Vancouver have de
cided to raise a corps of 100 mounted in
fantry, providing horses and defraying all
expenses.
At a -meeting called by Mayor Garden
It was decided to try to induce the Gov
ernment to accept this corps. Three hun
dred applications have been received from
young men of this city and district. All
are skilled horsemen and good ritle shots,
and many offer to provide their own
mounts and equipments. ! -'..;
Major General French, Who Recaptured Colesberg.
The United States will acquire the three
islands for $3,000,000 under his proposition,
where thirty years ago Mr. Seward offered
$7,500,000 for two islands. St. Thomas ami
St. John. Denmark at that time an
nounced that it could not dispose of the
island of Santa Cmz without the consent
of France, but it is understood that the
authorities are convinced that this feature
of the matter can be satisfactorily ar
ranged. It is expected that within a short
time a bill will be Introduced in Congress
authorizing the administration to negoti-
lantic oceans? 'England has her Halifax,
her Bermuda and her Jamaica, where
there i* not only an abundance of coal,
but there are docks and all naval stores
needed by the fleet, with cable communi
cation between stations. It Is fortunate
for us that these stations are English,
but It Is our duty to see that no mora
naval bases are established within strik
ing distance of our coast. In this con
nection the attention of the people of this
country Is called to the fart that the Dan
ish West Indian Islands are for sale."
NATIONAL EISTEDDFOD
BEGINS AT CINCINNATI
Noted Musical IMrectors Participate
With Their Societies in the
. . Contests.
CI>:OT>rNATI. Jan. I.— The National
Eisteddfod attracted large crowds to this
\ city to-day. The musical and literary fea
| tures in competition for the annual prizes
i constituted the morning, afternoon and
' evening programmes, and kept Music Hall
, packed with enthusiastic audiences. Some
j of the most noted musical directors of tlie
i country participated with their societies
! In the contests.
The preliminary examination of candi
; dates for the contests wro held early in
i the morning, and the opening session be
l gan promptly at 10 a. -n., with a grr.nl
i organ march by George W. Webb, fol
j lowed by the opening choruses. "ArrK-r
j ica" and "Hen \Vlad F"y Nhadau," with
Maldyn Evans as soloist.
Benjamin Jones, president of the Eis
: teoVlfod Association, then introduced
j Judge David pavls aa the president of
; the morning session. After addresses by
[President Jones and Judge Davis, Hon. H.
| M. Edwards of Benin ton J Pa., was Intro
j Oiiced as the conductor and literary ad
] judicator. followed by the presentation of
the musical adjudicators. Professor
Hroome. of Montreal, Professor T. J. Da
vie* of Plttsburg and Professor O. H.
Kvans of Maryp\ille, Ohio. After the
bardic salutations and proclamations by
"The Bards." the contests were begun.
Hon. D. Webster Williams, of Jarkson,
Ohio, presided In the afternoon and
Colonel William B. Mclfsh of Cincinnati
at night. Both delivered addresses, fol
lowed by bardic salutations and proclan-.a
tlons by "The Bards." George W. Webb
: presided at the great organ in the after
\ noon and Miss Annie Peat of Racine,
Wls.. in the evening. The contests were
i interspersed with solos by Malfjwyn Ev
! ans. Oscar J. Ehrgott. Miss "Annie K.
j ''.rifTiths. Miss Bessie Tudor and Harry
; I^. Jones., and by selections from the Cam-
I'rian Club of Cincinnati, directed by Da
i vid DavlM.
It wns decided to hold the National EiF
! trddfod next January at Columbus, Ohio.
Th<» crowning event to-night was the
i contest for $<500 and a gold medal for the
; ' best mixed chorus of not less than sev
, enty-nve voices. The Ada (Ohio) Norn.al
University and Lima Choral Union won,
under the directorship of Hugh W.
Owens. •
GENERAL FRENCH HAS
RECAPTURED COLESBERG
AMERICAN TROOPS DRIVE
FILIPINOS FROM CABUYAO
Insurgents Retreat to Santa
Rosa, Closely Pursued,
Twenty-Four of Aguinaldos Warriors Are
Among the Dead and One Hundred
and Fifty Prisoners Taken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Jnn. 1. — A^uinaklo's •wife, sisters and eighteen Fili
pinos ha v? surrendered to Major £1 arch's battalion of the Third In
far.try at Bontoc. in the province of that name. Three Filipino
officer? also surrendered to Major March, and the Filipinos gave up
two Spanish and two American prisoners.
:•¦-. •-.'¦': •¦ ¦'¦• .. -; ,'--¦'-,*. • . . ... ,•'
MAN IT/A. Jan. I.— The first move
ment'of-'the c-rieral southern ad
vance occurred this morning.
x>.hen two battalions of the
. Thirty-ninth Infantry landed and
occupied CabuyaoL on/the south side of
.JLfiKuna 'de Bai. Two Americ;uis were
killed arid four were wounded. Twenty
;four of the enemy's dead- were found in
one house. One hundred and fifty pris
oners and four C-pounder guns were cap
tured.' '"'A"':'-:.-. >r'--\v:' : '.- ,'"-:. ':''..', .'¦ ¦
The gunboat Lagiinade Bai bombarded
the ' town'; before the disembarkation of
the troop's : .frcm.. ; the -.cascos. which was
Tr.a&e ur.der the er.emy's shrapnel fire.
The enemy evacuated the place before
the. charging Americans, retreating to
Sar.ta Rosa, to which town they were
pursued. ..•''•¦:/."¦ : . ; .- ¦:'¦'-. •.'¦¦¦¦•••
Heavy fighting occurred along the. road
to Santa Rosa, which was occupied by
th* '-*r:purgents retreating toward Silang.
T*" ''¦^nicricajis burned the country . be
tf * } and around Cabuyao.' ¦:¦¦..¦¦¦.;¦¦¦¦,
'i J gunboat- returned t>>.-Calamba for
T^.i.i orce-irients and .thence.' came to Ma
riia- to fetch ajnmunition. She recently
captured two ' of the enemy's ste;am
launches, one under the flre of artillery
at Calamba, and also four cascos loaded
v.-lth nee.
Other regiments are mobilizing to-day
at San Pedro Macatl and Paslg. pre
raratorj' to continuing the southern ad-
r -r i t^rda>"*# capture of bombs Involved
th« seizure of documents Inculpating a
thousand Filipinos who intended to rise
esrain«=t the AmerlcarF. Papers were also
found phowir.g a distribution of the city
into districts and a careful assignment
rf Irair m ar'? follc«"»-rs. Tha precautions
tHJtT. by tii» Americans on Saturday. It
is now evident, aior.e prevented an up
r:*'.r.g. The pim-ost marshal has re
qv.^ste<J thet two more regiments be de
tailed for the protection of Manila. Three
thousand troops are now actually In the
city.
LIEUTENANT DUFFY
AND MEN MISSING
MANILA. Jan. 1. — Lieutenant Duffy and
ten men of the signal corps, who were
building a telegraph line south from
Viran to meet the party In charge of
Lieutenant Lenoir. who were building
northward, failed to connect with the Le
nolr party. Their non-appearance caused
a search to be made, and it was found
that the telegraph poles put up by Duffy
had been destroyed and the wires cut. It
:.- supposed the signal corps men were
either captured or killed by the rebels.
«
MOVEMENTS OF THE
ARMY TRANSPORTS
WASHINGTON. Jan. L-The quarter-
CEaster P'-r.eral has been advised by cable
from Manila that the animal ship
Garor.jie his arrived there. The Lenox
mailed from Manila on the 2Cth for San
Francisco an 4 will stop en route, at
'^rrl on the north end of Luzon. The
jam sailed from Manila Saturday for
San Francis-o. The Port Stevens, ani
ir.ai ship, is- :n «=ajl to-morrow- from Ma
r.!la for Zairi!j'.;-.rpaL ¦ •¦.
TO BREAK THE CORNER
IN PHILIPPINE HEMP
WASHINGTON. Jait^U-Secretary Root
has tsJwer. measures to^ireak .'th-*. corner in
h'-mr.. A b a rofult of the .consideration
of the matter with.' the I'rc^idenV. he has
cabled this instruction, to Major. General
Otis: . ;i .-„•,': ¦•.¦-"•'"/¦•".-.-•• '"¦¦.':.'
" Appa re nll y specu lat i ve'-cr.'rri in. h emp
here. Is raising price tor" great;'' Injury
legitimate consumers. ¦* Desi futile- ¦'ti>- : g : ?t
south hemp ports open as sbbij: pi* 'pravptl
*«*" ¦•¦ .¦¦ j,x£*&M'*
This instruction is due to prGtesy<B"-niade
by prominent cordage manufacturers and
by farmers, calling attention to' the. -fact
That the opening of ports In .Northern
Luzon to-day would afford no relief to the
r.em;. situation and fearnestly requesting
that the southern ports be garrisoned and
«P>-nr<i to trade. During the discussion of
the matter I understand there was
brought to the President's attention • a
copy of an instruction given by General
Otis to General Bates, commanding the
military district. Including the Island of
Mindanao and the Sulii group, directing
him to open all ports except those at
which hemp was stored. The explanation
of General Otis" action In this particular
is not fully known here, though it is
gathered from fcis dispatches that in
maintaining the r-mbargo of the hemp
port? he believes Ik- h«s prevented and Is
preventing th* insurgents from obtaining
money with which to continue the insur
rection.
The protests presented to the President
and members 'if his Cabinet assert, on the
other hand, that the "hemp stored (at the
variouh port?) dots not belong to the in
surgents. It belongs to Knglish and
American firms. Money received for pur
chase will go to them and not to the In
surgents."
The Important hemp ports of the Philip
pine* are Calbayog. La Granja, Paranas.
Surigao, Barugo, Taelobam. Baybay, I>>
gappi. Tabaco. Sorsogan, Gubat' and
Malitbog. Cordage manufacturers are
nnxlous that some of these ports shall be
opened. In a letter written by Mr. Meikle-
John. R-?i«=tant Secretary of "War, Mr.
Root stated that if the hemp now
at the several port* -of the Philip
pi ues were exported It would be
Immediately filsnatcned to this coua-
J try by steamers at low rates of
j freight anil be manufactured into binder
' twine in iufflctent time for f&nnrrf;' use.
| It is known, however, that the manuf.ic
. turo of the binder twine commenced In
; November, and the product of the fac
; tories which commenced work in th,u
; month is used by farmers in Texas 'and
! early harvest States, and if any hemp
•;. from the Philippines reaches this coun-
I try by the last of February It will not be
j available for use. Appreciating the situ
j ation. those of persons holding a corner
j are anxious that the ports shall remain
closed, and they will then be able to force
! cordage manufacturers and farmers to
i pay them the price they demand. .. ..
GOVERNMENT LINE
TO THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Jan; I— Upon reeom
i mendation of Quartermaster 'General Lud
'¦¦ ington. Secretary Root has directed the
establishment of a government lin*v. of
¦ steamers connecting San FranclFeo. Hono
lulu and Manila, similar to that running
between New York and Cuban and Porto
Rlcan ports*. Vessels which will be at
tached to Pacific lines are those trans'
i ports, the property nf the Government
i now in the Pacific ocean. All steamers
! charters! by the quartermaster's depart
ment will be released immediately upon
their arrival at San Francisco, and Blip
! piles, recruits and officer* intended for
; the army in the Philippines will go to
: Manila by the proposed line. Discharger!
j enlisted men and officers ordered home
j will return in these vessel*. It Is stated
by officers ofthe'eaartmnister's depart
ment that the establishment of this line
will be in the direction of an economical
j administration. If th« Government were
j compelled to rely upon private vessels It
would have to pay high freight and pas
page money and vessels would not be- al
ways at its disposal. Very frequently the
naval service deems it in the Interest of
economy to send enlisted men to the
Asiatic station in an auxiliary cruiser, and
In th*e past it has often been found eco
nomical to detach a ship from the far
j eastern squadron and order it home rather
I than to direct men whose terms of enlist
| ment have expired to come to the United
States by passenger steamer.
UNCLE SAM MAY BUY
DANISH WEST INDIES
Good Prospect of Acquiring the
Islands at a Bargain.
Three Million Dollars the Present Price,
Although a Much Better Offer Was
Refused Thirty Years Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. Jan. I.— Wnile official negoti
ations have not yet been initiated
looking to the acquisition of the
Danish West Indies l>y the United States.
, it I* nevertheless a fact that an unofficial
i exchange of views has occurred., suflirl
[ ently satisfactory to make it evident that
! Congress consenting the islands will soon
[ belong to this Government.
Because of the rejection by the Senate
: of the treaty negotiated by Mr. . Seward
; when Secretary of State, the Danish Gov
; ecnment has declined to enter into official
j negotiations unless assured in advance
I jhat ihey will result successfully. I am
I told that Captain W. Yon Christmas Dir
j <linck-Holmfeld of the Danish navy was
| In Washington some weeks ago and talked
! with the authorities relative to the trans
! fer of the islands to this Government.
j Captain Yon Christmas dfd not represent
the Danish Government officially, having
no connection with the Danish legation
here, and while he had no credentials
from the Copenhagen Government, he sat
j lsfied officials that he would be able to ar
j range the sale.
"The writer desires to present here the
question of 'the future status and use of
our fleet in the Atlantic. Our ships can
barely cross the ocean without coaling,
not to speak of their return. Some of
them cannut do even this. Under these
circumstances what influence can our
fleet ever have anywhere along the east
\ crn shores of the North and South At-
I ate for the purchase of the fslarxls. and
when this measure becomes law the Presi
dent will act.
A high administration official said tt> The
Call correspondent: "We must either buy
the island* or brush a&irfe the- Monro«
doctrine and let Denmark dispose of them
to some other nation. To refuse to do.
cither will be pursuing a dog in the
mar.ger policy. Denmark has to pay every
year a deficit in the budget of the islands,
and she is too poor to stand it lrniger. Un
derstanding the situation and appreciat
ing Denmark's desire to sell, the President
has taken the matter under very serious
consideration."
The. proposition to buy the Danish West
Indies will meet with the approval of
naval experts. Secretary Long said to
night that he knew of no recent action on
the part of this Government to acquire
the islands. "I have not asked Captain
Mahan to make any report on the strate
gic value of the islands." he said, "and I
know of none that he has made. I recall
that during the war with Spain there was
some agitation regarding the purchase of
the islands, but there is nothing recent
that I know of."
It is a matter of official record that dur
ing the war with Spain Rear Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment, made a strong recommendation that
the Islands be purchased by the United
States, pointing out the valuable base for
operations against Porto Rico that St.
Thomas- would make. In an article writ
ten by Admiral Bradford and published in
the Korum he makes these statements re
garding the advisability of establishing
coaling stations in the Atlantic Ocean,
referring particularly to the Danish West
Indies:
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII — XO. 33.
SAIST FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.
along the line of the Tugela River. These
are swarming with the enemy, posted on
positions of great strength and bristling
with guns, while the river In front is In
full flood. The coming- .battle will cer
tainly be the stiffest and probably the
most momentous of the entire cam
paign."
This town, which Is a place of
some 2000 Inhabitants, was cap
tured early in November by the
Boers, with its garrison of mount
ed Cape police. It .lies near the
Midland Railroad line, twenty
miles south of the Orange River,
thirty-eight' north of Naauwpoort
Junction and 308 miles from Port
Elizabeth. It Is the center of a
large population of Boer sym
pathizers.
COLES BERG.A Nerve Builder
J^tT^. It is said that a
j^s*%&™£>%s?\ P ure stimulant is
Malt Whiskey
is absolutely pure. Made expressly for
medicinal use. -No fusel oil.. Over 7,00 c
leading physicians prescribe it.
WTien the ner\'es are unstrung:, the bod)
weakened, the energies relaxed, when th«
bad cold has a strong hold upon you, yo!
need a pure :and sure stimulant. Taken
chances. Use Duffy's Pure Malt Whiske>
Gorernment (tamp marks the ccimlnt. Druggist* niually
sell it. If your* does not. a bottle will be sent y«u. prepaid.
<or fit fix foe $5. Write for interest ir.3; book.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. ; :
The station ag«rt is on daty. On his
exact oaxrrmcrricstLcHV 'of tndn ewders
depends Ihocsuids of 'Byes, and imllicns
ol dollars in property, each dar. In his
baste be tess oat ia tic raia or the rcc^y
ttatlrsa end -scpmccJiod. -Then ccicc3
tbu rscjed — box*. •'-• ,:'__.' :''.'.'
cbltlt. croc*?r *oc*? i ¦ >?>//? > // '~' 1 *?&f' l '%
other Clssztz of v /Q&i^^^&^Jtyjj/i
d* rooiratcrr or- j 1 ' X£*i&* S^a
gsaa. Tlr? xaoot \WSBBH! WS
for brcacbial or I \\ '^^^S^y^^*'
Golden Medical \\^&sjfjL*&f*^/ f
all rrrasirea prp- \ J^k/r!*^ J " '•
flccibed for each A^\ "^Y^*v //^
QfTgyjn Of S*')J? UP 1 %} a > // f
factioa. "Golden \\ s&&'//! ( W>
lldical Biscor- 'V x^^jß£[f\3r Ivi
erv 11 contirica " jtf^&2^"&jf:
ztcT alcohol. 1+ &f*&£W£'&'
ttopo csjcg'ua by J&JZj^TYxWi
curing timr cinse. r^'^JtA. "k^/Vs^
It heale Treat S^^^iw('fif
irsficd tiasnc-T, aid r^^^^M^fW I
pror^olra the £» 't££ '£sfi&Eri (if
"hrnhh of erenr or- fegggj^flßa SI///
gsn of th« body. !^^^BsJ[i
asy=L, w write* I. B.
ftfcptca, fiaq.. cf Sarcisy, O«*g* Cocnty, Eans., ,
«c&d iota yeazs ego rsj wrk keepisg tne in a
'warm roam *ad rtrr^ping oct frequently into
the coid air gare ffic wcntMO*, wtilch became
dixocic and ictp «ttted. Doctor* feilrd to
Trach sycasc mod. adTiaed tne to try a hisrher
tar, but, iartca^tcly for rar. a frirnd «drieea me
to try Dr. PJerce** stdidnrn. I ccmtaenced
tikirLS yocr 'Go'.&ca Idt&icml IMjoovery ' end
try the •h-ir I Uad 4 xl:cti the first bottle I was
¦bctier, ap<l iftcr ukiac focr bottlca my cough
¦was eatlrely geme.- 1 1-avo lotind no necessity
far »oe*±ag atuJihcr ciinutie." - :'
Dr. Pierce* Pleasant Pellets regulate
the stontflrii, liver and bowela.
White House Entrance South Front.
OVERLAND'S WILD RUN
WITHOUT AN ENGINEER
.' Train : .Ghoe*' Pif ty ..Miles ; ; Before' /the:
• • .iireiaaa Discovers /That- His :- ' '•
O *V-V>/;.V; - llate Is ULißsing.- "¦//:>/.
CEDAR . RAPIDS/. .lowa. Jan. * 1,--rThe
overland ¦' limited : ¦ on- ./the - : Northwe«tern-
Rail way : ran: fif l v rriles. last njght without
an enginfier.;. N-o "one ; on ''the- train- -was
cor.scio'js cf-fh<'''Jar.ger: until, .the flr«na.n
brought the train to a etands.Ull at Btr-
Near Mechanicsvlllfi "/Engineer/' E.'-J..
FlEke- in 6on)e unknown rnan.aer fell from
the cab. and the. Sremari". did- not- notice
his absence .until the ; -' train had .. whirled
over f.ftr miles. ¦¦¦FSpke'. was plck#d up tia-.
consclouß a few hours later and died In a
hospital' here to-day. -;¦- •• - ' ' •¦' • • ¦•.'..•
T'T 7 ASHijfGTON. ;.Jari. :L--Beneatb :
A ".' A ¦ / a ' eky ; a» ". bright as . : that;, above
I I\ /Cuba and in a' wind. -as cold aa
>Uy the Arctic, more than 2000 clti-,
'-.**; zens etoodin' line, at the White
> : , . House gates to-day, waiting to
pay .their reepects- to the President of the
United States after- the brilliant -official
reception which, ushered In the New; Year
and irark'^i .the 'opening, of : the social
eeaeon 'In 'Washington.. '. ¦ • .: ¦¦': . ¦'¦'¦'.¦
/.There have been larger crowds In the
past at the White House New Year gath
erings, but few functions of the sort have
been more brilliant and In none have the
crowds been " better handled, with less
confusion or iess of feminine heartaches
and resentment for dainty toilets dis
arranged .in the crush. Beginning
.promptly at ila. m.. the ceremony waa
concluded at 1:15, at w*ilch time S3si
guests hqd passed down the line.
Mrs. McKinley waa present in spite of
her feeble health. She remained in the
Blue parlor only through the official sec
tion, of the programme, retiring then, aa
had been previously arranged. With the
flush of excitement on her usually pale
face ehe looked bright and happy as 6he,
with the President, led the Cabinet pro
cession down the corridor to the Blue
room. The brilliant lights reflected from
the crystal chandeliers overhead, the
twinkle of tiny electric globes through the
heavy draperies of Bmilax and the Jungle
of palms and foliage plants that walled
the red-carpeted corridor made an excel
lent etage setting for the official proces
sion as.lt moved down the stairs and
through to the Blue parlor, where the
receiving; party wa» about to take its
stand. Mis. McKinley bowed and smiled
to the little. crowd of favored spectators
who flliedihe end Of ; the corridor to wit
ness-the opening act of the day's cere
monies. As sEe turned into, the Blue room
she klesed the- -tips of. her white-gloved
fingers to some of the children who waved
their .hands to her : f rorri a point of vantage
near the door;
. The troublesome question of precedence
between the army and navy was settled in
favor of the former. General Miles lead-
Ing the military contingent, with Adjutant
General Corbin at his left Bide. ..After the.
army had ; . passed in review, • .Admiral
Dewey i with the venerable Admiral. -MeU
vilie on his arm, Jed the naval line. . Mrs. ; .
Dewey was with -the receiving/party and
waa. escorted in on the arm of. Secretary
of the Navy Long.: ?: '¦:¦'..'¦. '. . ¦'¦ ./;••
Th& diplomatic corpsj- which headed the.
list of guests, was as always the show featr
ure of the reception.: Lord Pauncefote,
the British Embaßsador and dean :of the
corps, led the way. The display of . uni?
forms was brilliant, the Turkish fez, the
gilded orders of Continental • powers,, the
lur-trlmmed tunics and high polished
boots of the Russians, the queers sage
green, gold encrusted uniforms of the Jap
anese and the ¦ ermine-trimmed silken
robts of the Korean and Chinese all com
bined to form. a picture of unusual brtl^
llancy. ¦ : " .'¦¦"•.¦¦•"•:¦. .':¦:¦. -'..:. -'••".•.:
"Following the American officials, Judges
of' the "Suprerrie" Court, senators and Rep
resentatives, department chiefs and the
like made a longer if less : striking pror.
crssion: The reception to the general pub-,
lie concluded the function. • . ... " ' ¦ •'¦'
A review of the whole winter calendar
up to date could hardly have found a day
br-:tc-r fltte-d for. the New. Year functions. 1
The snow that has grown a trifle grimy
during the past week was covered over
with -a fresh fall, scarcely, ah inch thick;
The broad swwp of the- White House
drive had been quickly cleared of this,
but the lawns w*re covered, with the
fresh, white mantle, and the bare' black
limbs of the trees were outlined In silver,
dust. The sun was bright, but the air
was crisp and frosty. At an early hour
the streets beyond the White House
grounds began to fill with the crowd that
surged back and forth, eager for a place
in the public line that was to follow the
reception of the various eections of the
day's pageant.
The decorations of the Executive Man-
Bicn were not so elaborate as they have
been on some former occasions, still there
was a profusion of palms, ferns, smllax,
holly and other greens everywhere
throughout the state dining-room, the
blue, red and green parlors and the east
room. The mantels were banked high
with foliage plants and the window re
cesses were .filled with tall, graceful palms
and plants. The green of the foliage was
relieved by scarlet poineettia and other
flowering plants. The light of the bril
liant winter day' was excluded, and the
rooms were flooded with electric lights
from thousands of tiny bulbs in the ceil
ings and the sparkling chandeliers add
ing to the brilliancy of the decorations.
The glittering gold- and silver trappings
of the members of the diplomatic corps
and the full-dress uniforms of. the army
and navy contrasted strongly with th*
modest black of the Jurists, statesmen
and civilian officials of the Government aa
they moved, through the mazy throng.
The President and Mrs. McKinley re
ceived in the Blue parlor,. assisted by the
members of the Cabinet and their wives,
and "behind the line" were about fifty of
the wives and daughters of Senators,
Representatives, prominent army and
r.:ivy officers and others high in the social
and official circle*.
The members of the Marine band. In
their red uniforms, were stationed at the
head of the* corridor opposite the state
dining-room, and throughout th« recep
tion played patriotic airs.
The Hew Year's reception approaches
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUBANS RIOTOUS
AT CIENFUEGDS
C h i ef •of Pol ice F I red
';';¦ Upon Fivf? Times.
E^clipl -.;'b'l«p«teji:" t^Tte ;CHI-
• ILA-VANA,: Jan. L— The new: year; : waa
cshered in with: ai.torchUsht procession,
which, fertning bffore xoid night and pre
ceded by: a" band, left the- Lower Prado
aad made th* .circuit .<?f.;; the principal
sxrects. AlrapsV;th.e bzlr, tune played was
the Cuban- -"iia-tSpnal: hymn.:. -'.t.verj-body
peenied.tb.be awake and: ..awaiting t he ad
vent :.of ¦-S'jO.'v'' Tk.e..'.s.tralhs;:-of ; .the popular
hyrna ; dre w ; • '; tiie • jpooplo "• '« veryw.here ] . to
wladows.- and", ioorwaiyh ¦ zni: the proces
eit>a was grefet-ea .wltli the. wildest enthu-
KtMMOZ ¦ ' liuiuinerab'.e i' (small h.oya kept up a
I.recmcker 'JsiVlaut -yongite^eiiure -line
<t n:2.rch.. Ail the:, prominent Cuban
cenersJs -.wieire cheered., although the \ivas
were usually for : "Cuba . Libre.". ;Presi
<ient SJcK&bey and General W ood came in
for a r.teraJ share :-of popular applause.
Tte ' xroc^esron -Raving returned to the
Prado and tte • band having . once again
flayed in* '¦•¦ " Cuban.", national" hymn, eosne"
Americans present cabled for the "Star
fcpcLT.pi^d aar.ner/' "- The band iiamediate
iy .complied srad; the crowd ; cheered lu«t-
V tSeaeWiW ilaso; : Rabi*i.: and : lira,
•who are hei-e to attind' General Wood'»
council -a'-' r*;>re?"hia.ti v^ :) Cubane/: .-.were.
;^j6slr.p -rhrou^h-C;t-r.ru.»-sr'S. they were es
corted $rem : &m : *i*eme& to the .hbte.l, where
a b^nq"j^t. was ;.teaci>r«d. th';ra.- : .M!feanwbile
a larg'c cnjwd of colored, .people ha 4. gath
ered to CiizriB.Ti<i from the-.;authorttjes that
the remains- c? Dloni^so .Gil-;: the : colored
brtcafiur pi-'nefai-m. the Cul>aa army. who.
hajd bc^n.chbt and kU'.e^ the previous day
by the pciicfc; . 'after ..he . : .had : shot .and.
wctyided two. policemen : .who;wer.e in ..the
of arresting him, -lEhtJUld-be.exbumed
an<i. burled • with -proper.:: fcpnors. '. -; : The
deTnonstratbr* marched through the town,
unfurled : a black €.SLg-\ArA: raised riotous:
cries against: -the anthontles."-. The:.',C ; hief
of Police was £red at five times. General
;jato £.r.a Maj-or. AJenan addressed the
crowd. : . which at first would -not : disperse.
EvenfjaliT. however, the police succeeded
in' restoring -order . asil cairaing.the peo
ple. . •:-•••-.-: - ; '"'. ;•' ¦ •¦'• ¦¦-¦, : :- ; -:; --, ?••":,'? {>;-. \: : . : , ':.¦:,
' The" Jockey Club races to-day were
larrely attended, Cuban • society-", wai .-out
in. Jorce.a large number. Of , persons "being
¦In carriage*.;:' Havana "¦virtually : deserted
the Prado:for, the races.' Eighty per; tent:
cf the- Americaß colony were .-.present;'" in-;
cluilng General Wood.-. General v.ljee.v.Gen-"
eral Oifaffee; • acd 'General; Ludlpw', 'vwitti'
Th»-lr faniilles-.";: ".{.¦.-."•"."•. ¦^¦-¦• :: -:.. '¦¦y. : . : .-jy---r.'-'-\^-^\
The Vfcew.Jy -iarpolnted cabinet.-will. hold
its.iirtt incoming to-morrow",:" when/the fol
loyring. eecretarte* .-.will: ,:meetVG?"^ral
Wood::' : Secretary '-iof :'"Govern.n:est:--.S« "nor.
jy^tro Tzz^zyo, Secretary of Flr.ar.Cß.Sen-
C)T Jose Enrique- Varoaa.' Secretarypf JusV
•'•.t:c« Senor .LuiS:- =Estev« •/;• Secretary, .of
Public Wprks .Sehor Jose R&ia<in ytUalon;
Secretary-' -of: Education Senor Juan Herv
randez.: Barreiro'i-''--'"S*'cfet-ary of -AgricvU
: ture. Iniustrj' and Cornnjerce Senor Ruis
Itlvera. : ".v.' ¦ ¦":/' '. ¦¦ '•-.'¦=•"¦¦ -.¦:.:.-:¦'. -'¦./'¦:.: - :.:,-.:
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Building Totally Destroyed by Ure.
Tho alarm from box 8-t. shortly b«fora
midnight last evening, was for a fire at
the northeast corner of Hermann and Va-
lencia streets. A two-story frame build-
l"S. owned by E. L. Reese and occupied
on the lower fioor by J. W. WlnteTbot-
tom as a saloon, was totally destroyed.
The flra is said to have been caused . by
the carelessness of two your.gr men who
occupied a room on the second floor. It
ls thought they threw a: lighted cigarette
among some . loose papers and left th©
place. Their names could not be ascer-
tained, but the Fira Marshal will make
an Investigation. ¦ • : ••¦•' .• . • .'"•: ' .-." ¦ .
Chinese In their green and purple, the
Japanese in gold and black and the
diminutive Koreans, with their strange
headgear, attracted much attention.
Several of the wives and daughters of
foreign Embassadors and Ministers were
Invited behind the line. Among those to
whom' this honor was accorded wers Lady
and the Misses Pauncefote, Madamoiselle
Casslni and Madame Hengel-Muller.
After leaving the ' receiving parlor the
diplomats. passed on Into the east room,
where they lingered until Joined by the
other distinguished callers.-.
Following the diplomatic corps came
Chief. Justice Fuller, and the ; Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court and other
members of-, the judiciary, former mem
bers fpf the Cabinet.: including. ex-Secre
tary. Foster; and V exrPostmaster General
Gary;'/f •¦¦¦?:••;¦.-•¦ -\. '"'.;:¦..¦"¦' : ' : -': .:': -¦: : --:' :
•;At' 11:25. the" Senators,'. Representatives
and' delegates ot- .. Congress, members of
the District government .and members'of
the District judiciary. appeared in the
<;rder 'namedV, The: number . of Senators
and ¦.Representatives who .attended- • was
Uriusuallvs.mall-.'.;.-" •¦.""•"..'•. • '" ¦.¦•":.;".'•••.
Following this flight of statesmen and
civil. officials came : the officers ..of the army
".and- '• nayy :' in. . their ¦ full-dress- uniforms,
massive' golden .epaulets, i and '%' gold-em
broidered Chapeaus. : In . accordance Tv-ith
custom, the. army, had precedence. Major
General Miles, who headed the line, was
accompanied by Adjutant General Corbin.
The latter, however; ¦•"gave".. way. as they
approached the receiving line, and General
Miles first greeted the President and Mrs.
McKinley... ; ; \.w : ¦; \. "":-.¦ '¦¦ ..
The line of naval officers which fol
lowed, headed by Admiral Dowey, was
much longer than that of the army. The
admiral's small,: well-knit figure was In
striking contrast to the large frame of
the venerable Rear Admiral Melville, the
famous Arctic explorer. They were fol
lowed by Rear Admirals Hlchborn and
Bradford and some of the fighting heroes,
among whom were "Fighting Bob" Ev
ans, Captain Sigsbee,. Lieutenant Com
mander wain wright and Lieutenant Ha««
ler. ¦ .- ¦'¦.'-¦'•¦ ••• •. .•¦•¦•¦ ¦¦:'... '' .
' ..The Hnff" of naval officers was followed
by Brigadier General Hey wood, command
er of the Marine Corps, and all of the
officers, of. the corps now in and around
Washington. Then came the officers: of
the District militia and the Naval Re
serves. Professor Alexander Graham Bell
and Professor Samuel P. Langley- of fly-
Ing machine fame led the Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution, who were fol
lowed by the heads of the various depart
ments, assistant secretaries, chiefs of bu
reaus, heads of bureaus, etc.
When this point was reached Mrs. Mc-
Kinley withdrew, the ordeal being a try
ing one for her. -' : .':-?~, : . ''¦'¦' '-' '¦¦- '¦¦":. '. ¦'¦
. Following came the Veterans of the wars
In which the country has engaged. Pre
cedence was given to the few remaining
veterans of the Mexican war. • Those of
the. civil war included the Grand Army
posts. Loyal Legion, Union Veterans' Le
gion and Union Veterans. Then came the
veterans of the Spanish-American war,
about 200 in number. . • . ;.;.-.
The "Oldest Inhabitant Association" of
the District of Columbia was the last or
ganization in line.
. The general public was then admitted,
and for an hour and a half a constant
stream of humanity flowed through the
White House portals. Meantime practi
cally all the distingushed callers had de
parted and many of the ladies in receiv
ing had left. At 1:15 the last of the public
passed throtiph the parlors. In all 2354
persons attended the reception.
The Secretary of State and Mrs. Hay
entertained the members of the diplo
matic corps at breakfast at noon at their
handsome residence on Lafayette square
-Most of the wives and near relatives of
the several Cabinet officers were receiving
during the day, being assisted by the
wives of those officials of high rank in
the various departments. Mrs. Gage had
"with her Mrs..- Casslni, niece, of the Rus
slon Embassador. The admiral of the
•navy and Mrs. Dewey received a large
number of callers. Mrs. Miles, wife of
the commanding general of the army, was
assisted by the wives "" of a number of
army officers. The Chief Justice and Mrs
Fuller, as well aa the Other ¦members
of the Supreme Court, received at their
several residences.
nearer to a court function than any other
of the social affairs of the President, and
the official programme, with its order of
precedence, is rigidly adhered to. The
President and Mrs. McKinley met the
members of the Cabinet in the west cor
ridor on the second floor shortly before
11 o'clock, while the members of the dip
lomatic corps in their, brilliant court
dresses were gathering In.' the state din
ing-room, ad.joinirig. • the Red parlor.
Promptly at 11 o'clock the bugles. Bounded
the assembly -and- the red^.Coated Marine
band struck up the strains of ."Hail to
the Chief." .To this .accompaniment, the
.procession, '¦" headed', by -President -.^icKin-
ley arid 'M.rs....'McKih}ey; : moved. 1 dpw.ti.. the
broad, stairway arid took.' places \iri : . tjie.
Blue jjarior, adjoirlihg the -Red > parlor.;
Mrs. : McKinley wore an - elaborate go^wr*
:bt brocaaed : white satin." Owing.. to, heiTr
feeble health she .received ¦seated:. :; Next
to her stood Mrs. May. wife, of: the Bee-,
retary of State: Mrs.. Gage, wife of the
.Secretary.-: of i- the « Treasury; Mrs; Root,
wife of the ' Secretary, -of War; ;Mrs.
Griggs, • wife .of 1. the Attorney- General;.
:Mrs. " Shiith, wife' of the Postmaster. Gen
eral ; 'Mrs. ..Lorigv -.wife. 'of the 'Secretary : of
:the' Interior; --Mrs'.-. Hitchcock '.V and- Miss
Wilson; daughter of the Secretary of Ag
riculjure,.all: brilUahtly' gowned. ;. •:" .{-; .
¦ .Behind the line gathered . the young
ladles of -the Cabinet;' the wivei . and
daughter's-, -of ' Senators and. Ttepresenta
tive3.' and other .distinguished officials
who had been -Invited- to: assist: They In
cluded the following:'. .-. ¦-¦¦••;.¦; .•".•"
• The" Mlwes'-'H'ay,' Mlsi . Root* the Mlgs«s
GrlK^s, .th* MUsea Long, the Misses Hitchcock,
Mles Grace : McKinley, ¦ Miss Sarah. Duncan,
Mrs. John. Addlson -Porter,- Mrs. L.. A. Bing
hara. Mr». David % Hill, Mrs. Fuller. Miss
Fuller,. Mrs. Harla'n. -the -Misses' 'H&rlan.- Mr».
Grs-y. Mrs.- White-, : Mlss' Brewer, ¦ Mr». Brown,
the.Mlsiee Wood "Mrs. Shlras Mrs. Peckham,
Mrs.'. McKehna,. the Misses McKenna, Mrs. Au
b*rj-",..Mr5.-Pierce. Mrs. WUTlam P^ Frye, Mrs.
M.'-A. Hah-na.- Mrs. J. C. Currovrs, Mrs. Shelby
M:, CulLom.- Mr?,. Rldplejr; Mlsa Rldgley. Miss
Fisher, . Mrs. John V\V. ; Daiilpl, . Mrs. G. K.
Uavl»,. Mrs. . S3. B. Elkiiis, Mrs;. C. -W;-.-Falr
.r.ks ¦•Mr'B'..'-jt.'.C : ' ( '-ijaAte;- Mrs.'- James Mc-
Millan Miss McMillan, the Misses : Morgan,
Mm.O. H. Plfttl; Mrs. T. D. Platt,. Mrs, Ued
field .Proctor, Miss Proctor, .Mrs. "..Henry' M.
Teller," Mrs. {"ampbf 11. Miss Campbell,. Mrs:
J.-. B. " Foraker,- the Mtsses Foraker, -Mrs. "Wil-
Itatn' B, Bate, Mrs, D. B. Henderson, Miss
HendTson, Mrs. John Dalzell. Miss Kltzmiller,
Mrs. -Charles. H. Großvenor, . Mrs. .G. -B. Mc-
Clellan,' Mrs. : S. ' E. Payne, Mrs. George W.
Ptcele. Mrs; R. R. Hitt. Mrs. Kelson A. Miles.
Miss .Miles. Mm. John M. Wilson, Miss Waller,
the Misses Bates, • Mrs^- Persons, Mrs. George
Dcwey. Mrs. Charles H. Allen. Mrs. P. M.
Rlxey. Mrs. Rand. Mrs. U. S. Grant, .Mrs.
James G. Blame. Mrs. H. S. Beale. . Mrs. Phil
Sheridan, - ; the ; Misses : Sheridan, Mrs, Harriet
Lane Johnston, Mlns Kennedy, Mrs. Daniel
Manning, Mrs. Charles G. Dawes. Mrs. .M.
B. D«we»; Miss Dawes, Mrs. Swllors, the
Misses : Sartorls, Mrs. Stanley Brown,'. Mrs.
Buckingham, Mrs. Fabyan. Miss Phelps, Miss
Sargent. Mrs;. A. H, Matthews. .... . .
As soon as all had taken their places
the doors of the. Red parlor were thrown
open and the Emb'assadors and Ministers
of the foreign Governments and tholr
suites, resplendent in their lull donrt
dress, headed by Lord fauncefote. the
British Embassador, the dean of the dip
lomatic corps, moved into the Blue par
lor to pay their respects to the President
and Mrs. McKinley and their receiving
party. . ¦ ¦ : . • -
The scene In the Blue parlor to-day has
peldom been surpassed; in brilliancy, as
the diplomats passed through in their
gorgeous uniforms, v.'ith their gold and
silver court swords dangling from their
eides. Especially gorgeous were the Rus
sian Ernoassador and his suite, glittering
with gold braid; the German Embassador
and his ataches In their, wnite and ailver.
and the Austrian Embassador In his
sable-trimmed cape of. purple. ¦ ¦ . .
Especial Interest centered in the ap
peamnce of the Duke d'Arcos, the Spanish
Minister, and his beautiful .American
wife. It was the first White House reeep^
tion at which Spain has been represented
since the close of hostilities, and the grow
ings accorded them were, especially cor
dial. Mr. C. N. E. Eliott. second secre
tary of the British Embassy, also receiv
ed especial attention, as his name appear
ed in the New year s list of honors con
ferred by Queen Victoria as K. B. C. M.
G. The Orientals, In their bright silks, the
Pjrograpby outfits, eklr.s asd a gjea.t
number of new thlngrs la wood and leather
for burning. Artlata' material depart-
ment. Sanborn. Va!l & Co., 741 Markat »t- #
DARING CRUISE IN
TINY CRAFT ENDED
Sloop Xora, Captain McCord,. With
Two 2len and a Boy for Crew, .
•* 'Beaches Sen Diego." " : .'¦, .¦.""•
PAN DIEGO. Jan. .I.— The little ten-ton
ploop Xcra. Captain McCord. from Callac.
Peru, came into port to-<iay. The rartr
on board, beside* the captain, comprised
two other men and a boy. They left Vic
toria, B. C. som?thir.g less than a year
eeo to cruise arotrr.d. tne world, but upon
arrival at Callao guve up the darinar at
tempt and the boat was turned north
ward, arriving ' her* after having sailed
something over IT.OX) miles in. their tiny
craft. They had «one perilous adventures
en the trip up. runnir.g *hort of provisions
and losing their reckoning. A Britlnh vt«
661. however, can* to their aid, furnished
them food s.ni gave them their bearings.
Butte Dam Case Dismissed
ALBUQUJTRgrE. >'. M.. Jam L— JuSge
W. F-'ParVer of the Third Judicial pis
tricVwho Is In thls ; city, to-day mailed to
the clerk' of : the court" at- Laj> Cruces-his
decision in. the Elephant Butte dam case.
He. -dismisses the, complaint and dissolves
the Injection Otf. lh«:. ground that there
Is Tio evidence that ~ the. proppped dani
would Interfere /with. na\-lgatlQn oh the
lower Rio Grand*?. .It Is. thought the Gov
ernment .will appeal the ca**e to the Su
preme Court of ¦ the .Terrltorj'f' '•' • ¦. ¦••': •¦¦ ¦' \.
''.'¦< '•'. '¦"''•. . •' * ' . — *-•• ¦¦' • ¦ •• '¦¦ . -
Very Fast Torpedo Boat.
PGHTLAJCD. Jan. I.— The torpedo boat
GoldEborough. was given a second' bulldr
ers' Trial by the WoltT & Zwlcker Iron
Works. The machinery worked perfectly
and "iurir.g an olght-minute run' she
eteam^ii at the rate of thirty-two miles
p*r hrtur apair.rt a two-mil*' current. .
HUNGERBUHLER ENDED LIFE.
BANTA ROSA. Jan. L— Th* funeral of
Ulrich Hungerbuhler, . the well Y- known
rancher of Laguna . District, .who was
found dead yesterday near hlshome,. 00-"
curred here this afternoon. Mr. Hunger
buhler was to have been married to-day,
but In' a' letter, written before his death he
asserted that certain persons had inter
fered and caused the breaking off of the
engagement. It is believed this preyed
upon his mind and that he committed tul
cide by some means.
Hill Buys Two Railroads.
SIOUX CITY. lowa. Jan. L— Jamet J.
Hill to-day acquired the Sioux City and
Northern and the Sioux City and West
ern railroads. The properties have been
turned over to the Wlilraar and Bloux
Fail* Railroad Company, and Vice Presi
dent James N. Hill of the latter company
has been designated to operate the ac
quired lines. President W. P. Clough an
nounces that the Une from Wlllrnar t?
Sioux City will b« th« main line, with the
line from Garretson through Sioux Fail.?
to Taakton as a branch, and that ti^*
name of the corporation will b« changed
to correspond with th* •xpaaslon of tha
Byt^ra.
books treating on scientific: subiects. ; H»
was said to be the originator of psychol
ogy and one of the founders of -the Eclec
tic School of Medicine. He was a native
of Frankfort. Ky.. and So years of age.
SERVIAN'S KING TO WED
Aleiander Betrothed to Archduchess
Marie- Christine.-^-:-- ¦ '¦¦; ::^.-': :^.-' ¦''
Special: Cab!* to The C»li and t!i» K«w : York
. . -Herald.. ¦;Ccipyrlslit,:: ; l3'^).. by Jaae» Oor>
¦';v : : fion Bennett. * *:¦¦'¦¦'¦ :') : - ¦' ;v- ;; ": :V--.'-' ¦¦¦ ¦". ;."'; ."'
; BERLIN, Jan. -U— A dispatch ':fronj
Budapest to the Berliner Tageblatt. 'an
nounces the engagement of Kinff Alex
ander of Senia to 'Archduchess Maria
Christine, daughter .of iArchduke- Fred
erlck.;-- -. ; -'.;Jv/-.::\... ; V-.':i;.;:::V,.' : -"^ ; -;.--v-:V. '-.'¦
HUNTINGTON NOT TO
SELL HIS SHIPYARD
Rumors That the ¦ Government^ Is '_• ta
..Get the Newport News; Plants : ; ;V
;' '_-'•.. Are Denied^ : :':' ¦'¦:¦''¦¦/;:''¦ Vr
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Jan. L— The
stories sent out from Washington Inti
mating that negotiations were on foot
looking to the sale of the shipyard hers
to the Government were wholly without
foundation. :G. 'E.. Miles, the magnate's
private secretary, speaking for Mr. Hunt
ington, to-day denied the report, branding
it as ridiculous. This rumor, Which haa
been started bafore, was doubtless colored
by the visit of a Congressional party, four
members of which are on the Naval Com
mittees of the Senate and House. Some
time ago when it was reported that Mr.
Huntlngton contemplated disposing of his
plant to an English tfrm he said that if ne
ever saw fit "to sell his yard the Lnlttd
States Government ought to be the pur-
It can be stated that there 1» nothing
whatever in the rumors. This will b« wel
come news to the local public, as everr
one realizes that should the shipyard pass
into the bands of the Government only
warships would be built here, and the
main support of the city would not be the
important plant that it is to-day, owned
by Collls P. Huntington.
Mr. Huntington declined to talS on
trusts when the subject was broached to
day. This afternoon he addressed tne stu
dent* at Hampton Normal Institute,
where many colored young men and wom
en and a number of Indians ar» being
educated- It is expected that the Hunt-
Ington party will remain here until
Wednesday or Thursday. Mrs. Hunting
ton and H. E. Huntington, besides Mr.
Miles, are with the magnate.
UNIVERSITY FARMERS'
CLUB CONVENTION
About One Hundred and Fifty Dele
gates From All Parts of the
State in Attendance.
PASADENA. Jan. L— This afternoon the
University Farmers' Club convention
opened In the Auditorium Hall with about
150 delegate* present from all section* of
Southern California. The convention Is
being conducted by Professor A. J. Cook
of Pomona College, the University repre
sentative in Southern California. The
convention will close January *•_,„.„
President C. A. Day of the Pasadena
Farmers' Club delivered the address of
welcome Conductor Cook, in dealing with
flrrnsTurged in a general way the benefits
to be derived from organization and meet-
In sr once a year. He urged talcing up co-
Krative marketing and* co-operative in
surance and transportation a» the best
means of securing the best resulta to
fa A m p S ' Griffith of ¦•'the Azusa Club «aid
there should be a club organ among the
papers which should thoroughly represent
the farmers In general and farmers' clubs
of Southern California in particular. It
should be an authority for the utterances
of the clubs. .
A strong paper was read by Mr*. M. D.
Withlnston of the Escondido Club on
"Nature Studies in Our Schools for In
struction in Horticulture." She said pu
pils should be shown plants. Insects and
scale in order that they might tell how
they grow, etc They should b« given a
half-hour to see a given thing and to
study it and then a half-hour to describe
The following committees were appoint
ed: C. H. Sessions, chairman on club
topics; Professor 8. M. Woodberge, on
questions; D. C. Smith on club organ; A.
R. Sprague, on resolutions.
BLOWN TO DEATH
BY GIANT POWDER
Horrible Accident Occurring to Ben
jamin F. Crandall, a Native of
Enterprise.
OROVTLL.E, Jan. L— Benjamin F. Cran
dall. a miner, aged 27 years and a native
of Enterprise. Butte County, was blown
to death by giant powder yesterday after
noon at 4 o'clock. He wa9 working in the
Bloomer Hill mine; sixteen miles above
Oroville, when he attempted to thaw out
come giant powder in a blacksmith forge.
He was alone in the shop, but his felk>wr
workmen heard an explosion and running
to the spot found the forge blown to
pieces and CrandaU in a dying condition
alongside of it. He was unable to speak
and died In thirty minutes after the ac
cident. He left a widow and five young
children. •; - ¦ -.•:,,¦•!. . '
AUDITOR OF IOWA
VERY ILL IN THIS CITY
Frank F. Merriam, Visiting the
Coast on a Business Trip, Said .
to Have Typhoid. ; .
DES MOINES, lowa. Jan. 2.— Frank F.
Merriam, State Auditor of lowa, is dan
gerously ill at San Francisco, and fears
are entertained for . his recovery. He
left lowa ten days ago on a business trip
to the coast and before arriving in San
Francisco waa taken ill. . He is said to
be : suffering from, typhoid fever.
NOTED PSYCHOLOGIST DEAD.
Said to Have Been Originator of the
Science.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 1.-^-The body of Dr.
Joseph ' Rhodes Buchanan, ' the noted
psychologist, who died Jn this city a week
ago, was cremated at ¦ Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, San Francisco, to-day. Mrs.
Buchanan, who was in Denver at the time
of her husband's death, arrived yester
day. Although the deceased was a lead-
Ing light among Spiritualists, .no services
were held over the remains and no dele
gation escorted the remains to the crema
tory.
Dr. Buchanan was the author of over 100
REFUSE TO DEPORT
CONTRACT LABORERS
Agents of the Government : Defied by
:¦: ¦ ;. German Lloyd Steamship / v •; .
'¦¦'¦;;¦ :. ;"... ; -. i Officials.- ;:.". ..;¦¦¦¦¦¦¦. :.'< y .,.:
: : (>ALVESTbN.: Texas, Jan^i.-^The first
instance of a refusal on the part of a
steamship company to deport immlgrantß
found by the United.; States Immigration
Bureau to be. contract' laborers, occurred
here to-day- : " About two weeks ago Im
migration Inspector .Levy brought fifteen
Slavonians here from Mississippi, charged
with having been brought--. here on a
German L.loyd ship in violation of immi
gration laws. To-day he tendered them to
the captain of the steamship Roland of
that line and they were refused. War
rants were Issued for S. G. Spencer, agent
of the company, and for the captain. The
ship sailed without service of the warrant
on the captain, but Spencer was arrested.
Spencer .claimed the men bad not been
tendered to him. and If they were tend
ered to the snip without tickets from his
office, the purser, waa obliged to decline
to receive them. • ¦: ..: ; .. .-:
Inspector Levy says the men were tend
ered to the oompany on December 13 by the
collector of customs and the company ac
cepted them and assumed responsibility
for their board.
It is understood that the immigration
bureau has information of some 1500 al
leged contract laborers, which it purposes
Xo deport and that the steamship com
panies intend to resist the orders. Most
of these Immigrants came through Balti
more and many through New York. Un
der the act of IS9I the penalty for not re
turning contract laborers ls a fine of not
less than $300 in each case, and the clear
ance of vessels may be withheld pending
payment of the fine.
WILL STRIKE A BLOW
AT THE TRUST EVIL
Chairman Lockwood Outlines the
Aims of the Conference to Be
Held in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. I.— Members of the ex
ecutive committee of the National Anti-
Trust Conference, to be held in Central
Music Hall on February 12, held a short
conference, to-day at the Sherman House.
M. L. Lockwood of Pennsylvania, chair
man of the committee, afterward issued
a statement in which he said:
Every day the anti-trust sentiment through
out the country ls becoming intensified and
everywhera the cry i» going up: "What can
be done to save the country from the oppres-
sion of the trusts T' The mission of th» con
ference is to answer this cry. To th» political
economists and statesmen of the conference,
rather than to the politicians, will the people
look for utterance which lead to their deliver
ance. ¦ '••¦¦•• . ¦'
¦ The: ax should be laid to the root of the tre«
of special privlleees. The plan is to treat the
causes. ¦ rather than the effect, to strike at
special ' privileges hardest and first. In gov
ernment ownership, only can railway favoritism
be rrevented. Government control under cor
porate, ownership has proved a failure. In or.
der to destroy the trusts we must take from
them the special advantages which have created
them and they will wither of their own weight
as they meet the energetic competitive capacity
of the. American people. ¦ ' •'.. . :
It Is the plan. to organize all who are op
. posed to. trusts, with the view of uniting the
friends of- freedom in every State, county and
school district, until that concentrated action
Is reached which alone can prove effective.
FAMOUS INDIAN
CHIEF PASSES AWAY
TAGOMA, Jan. I.— The most famous In
dian:', chief of Washington passed away
Saturday night! when "Old" Slgo died at
Port Washington. He was 105 years of
age, having been a contemporary of Chief
Seattle. '. During the Indian wars in. the
'50's he led a large body of Indians againat
the whites and took command aiter
Leschi, his. colleague, was captured and
hanged; He was a large powerful man
and ruled, with an iron hand until the
authority of the Indian agents superseded
his. For several' years, he has been blind
and unable to stand, finally dying of
senility. To his sagacity is largely due
the fact that the Western Washington
Indian reservations comprise the choicest
land; in the- State. Slgo was buried ; to
day. ' • ; -; '-*'¦ . _ -. i
Narrowly Escaped Drowning.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. I.— Virglllo Garcia,
a rancher living near Cazadero, tried to
ford Austin Creek, near Cazadero, with a
two-horse team to-day and lost one horse
by drowning, narrowly escaping with his
life. The late heavy rains have swollen
the. streams of Marin so that many of
them are dangerous to ford.
JL JL Xi. xJ' A
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
LINGERIE
(SECOND FtOOfl
REDUC TION OLE ARA NCE
Ladies' Underwear
15 ODD BIEEB ASD BEOSZX LIXS3. ' ' ' -
COMMENCING TUESDAY.
LADIES' DRAWERS-Odd sizes, formerly sold at $ r, Jr. 25 and $1.50.
During the sals wllJ br M .........^......~.50c, 7oc and §1 Each
LADIES' CHEMISE— Broken lines, always soli at Ji.^Si^s^ndSi^o.
Are now selling at.... ..._._ v...»...50c,v ...»...50c, 75c
LADIES' GOWNS— Various styles, soli generally at **fi}*£s^s&l%
Will be changed to ....................SOc; 73c and Sitach
LADIES' CORSET COVERS— Different shapes, regularly "-'sir, $1. 2> anl
$1.50. Will be cleared out at.. .....................50c, 7oc and $1 tach ;
LADIES' SKIRTS— In various shapes and plain and fancy styjes^/^il be
closed out at.............~............ 75c. $I, $1,25 and 6LOO Ea=H
;./¦ •"/¦¦ '¦¦¦¦.';. COUNTRY ORDERS ; STRICTLY;/ATTE|fb£p^TO^y}}-/-:^ ; /^
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
. > v Sa Cernor 6*117" and Stockton Streets,' ' San ¥nndsc^;yy;}^j ±(:\'-^
¦:;-" : .:./;' : '' : -;;:- ; '..'/'.' ;./ : ':-- : UNION SQUARE. _¦¦ •--'"! ¦"'..
Brilliant Gathering of Foreign Embassadors and
M at the Home of the
Nation's President.
NEW YEAR'S GREETING TO
MR. AND MRS. McKINLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.
LIFE LOST IN
NEW YORK FIRE
Heroic Rescue Work
Done by Bellboy.
- ? ¦¦
Sr«clal Dispatch to Th» Call
XETV YORK, Jan. 2.— Three alarms
were sent in for a fire in a flve-story-flit
house. 754 First avenue, early this (Tues
day) mornjng. The flames, which sud
denly belched from the building, were
discovered by men working in the
United Dressed Beef. Company's plant.
They carried out half a dozen women,
while many persons got to the street by
means of flre escapes.
The suddenness of the flre cut off the
escape of some of the tenants. On the
top floor six-months-old Loretta Lennert
was found In bed dead. She had been
smothered by the smoke.. The child's
father, Edward Lennert, a butcher, was
taken to the Flower Hospital burned
about the hands and face. The child's
mother, Margaret,- was carried down a
ladder and taken to Bellevu© Hospital
suffering from the shock.
Joseph Lennert, brother of the dead
child. Jumped from a window to one of
the lower floors. He was seriously in
jured and was taken to Believua Hos
pital.
Joseph Kelleher, 19 years old, a bell boy,
rushed into the building: before the arrival
of the firemen. He rescued Lillle Powers,
a child, carrying her through the flre and
smoke. He was burned about the hands
and face and was taken to Bellevue Hos
pital.
Robert Lowe, aged IS, a companion of
Kelleher, who also went into the burning
building, was burned about the hands.
Pauline Tlchman. 63 years of age, who /
boarded with a family on the first floor.
Jumped from her window. Her back was
Injured. She was taken to Flower Hos
pital. ' . ¦•.¦•¦¦ .-¦ \-:v. ¦'-¦:. .¦•¦.' : .- •
Wild rumors got around from minute to
minute of missing persons, but each in
turn turned up. At 2:35 the fire was out
and everybody had been accounted for.
The house was gutted, entailing a loss of
$30,000. . Ten families were made home
jess. - ¦.:••¦ •; ¦ ; --' ¦¦•¦..:. :.¦¦'.
f?9j ¦¦•.. . : .. : RaT« wrtttaa
J^rW -. -.' "' ". '.. to «a.y that
t^J '".¦¦ ¦-. ' Hudyan cay*
Vji m :: . ¦ " theni streosth
cr«.» • .'-¦ ' •" '.' :. * n.a : ;perfact ;
•W-- — -7- :¦ ¦'•.¦¦'¦ rttlet--.t r o m /,
/-Q ¦¦'-' ". P '•¦' tt •". ; an4 ••¦ .
¦1 ' '¦• ¦ •¦. "weak nesses .
m : :
'*I/J \ and wl;h<a
7F'-^ T * ¦ reach of every
* i fr.£ry::?>*' V 2 f-JL H-Jdyan ha.
<i Z,""i>- M . ' I \?~~-tjsL cured thou- -.
w^^va » %^j^ • an < j!i °-* w »-
S^r^./v U t tlV -JT. not written t*
MJgEfr \ / I p^rwn ten about it.
M-\\v ff VA^Si- P al «- nervoua
* *~ " ' /¦ V V*',\- fi-t liA .J*, wonwn, who
¦ V V^^/f &k x rr*a«larltle«
LJ"t\^ "il s^%. and chronlo
'¦• V •¦^/f'w\ (*^P&5 ,No woman ¦
!¦:-¦•.'• Irit ' x> ? W.fsT^f^-s need tnSer. :
' •¦::''¦ f* % -Jlky^"Z^2SW*\ fcr Hudyaa . u- /
; iU^t I*".^1 *".^ a poslt!v«
' -iTl^^^raS^SriF troubles. Dull
o r throbbing "
. •'; ¦-. . • -.- — h*adache« <S>.-
, hotlow eyes (7), pale, wan faeea (B), choking »«n-
aallons (5). oppressed feeling (4>, palplladon of.
. heart (3). pain In back U>— all these belorj to
women who are vlcttma of female complaint.
Hudyan affords prompt relief..
Hudyan cures chronic ulceratlons nr lnSam-
| matlons, -. . mucuous . discharge (leuccrrhoea).
fair.Ju! or trrevutar periods. Uudyan estal>-
l»hes pennasent health.
fiFT HIIIiVAV F™ 111 Ton' drurrtst. 500 »
ULI l.lUlrt.l package, stx packaxes far
fZ SO. If yoor druggist does not keep tt. send dt-
rect to the HUDTAN REMEDY CO.. cor. Stock.
ton. Ellis «nd Markrt.sts.. San Francisco. Cal..
(ADVISORT DEPARTMENT FOR WOMEN—
¦" •¦-. ¦ FREE.)
CONSTIjT HUDTAN DOCTORS, f^i-r, QU
.wmxE. .¦••¦;•
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR TUB CCRB OF . CONORRBOB*.
Gleets, Strictures and analogous caa»^"
j""'r.t» of the Organs of C_'ner»tlon.-
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by drugrtata.
, fright's Man Ve&etaile Pills
AMB ACKNOWLOCDGED UK .HOUSAVni
ot persona whx> have used them for forr>
years to cure 6ICK HEADACHE. QIDDISKaI'
CONSTIPATION.. Torpid Uw. wSS aSfc
•eta. Plrnplw sad 9*u:.j Uu blooO. . °«w^
2
AT THE PRESIDENT'S RE
CEPTIONWedding Invitations.; VlsltlnV cards,' fine
writing papers;. tablet^ land papetorlfs: irt
our- stationery ¦• department.. Greatest
variety and best values. '• Sajib'orri Va.ll &
Co., 7*l Market sf.:: . ; • '= ;¦¦•¦ ;
JTT. HOLLOWAY catnmitted stjl- • , • * /¦ ' . . '< :. ' ¦'.' .' '• » \¦¦
cide by turning on the gns:sbme • : ¦, ' ' :: . ¦ ¥ ¦
( time last Saturday night Tji Ills'. : . \.<3SpS»
room at the •¦ Singleton • lodging \\ '¦' • '^*<-" " '^v^ "\- .'"-' .
house. 703 California street. The room'. 1 ¦""./'¦ : •'.'•
was a very small one, only of sufficient- S 'C^
size, to- hold the bed and washstanid. . : .'.'• / •'. -vsn
and light was furnished by means 'of n .[ x"^^^. ;^^ : ¦
small ooaloil lamp. Thr-re was a slnalo . I fC Ift
Kas Jet over the washstand, but the , / ¦ ¦ w£i f" fl \\
landlord had screwed it shut in such a / i ll
manner, that the roomers could not use . llsre*» }¦ \
ft.'- Thi 1 /.deceased had unscrewed' the' ¦ ¦ iMt
fixture nnd talce.n off the tip with hid J&rA fgt
penHnife'.;.-. Both windows and the door iL L^j^. /¦
.wVre locked from tho inside. M
•, The deceased had been in bed. and «l wW% iffiwfc 'S
.was lying .on" the floor face downward. ;§S\ \ % *!n9 I\'£**<*l Mii*
'ileijWiis : ia-st seen op Saturday nitrht. «S\. : '"V'-M/ /A* : - Jtlmß.
At :: 2:3o o'clock on Sunday afternoon T^. I JFIl*
tiie]chanibermaid found the door locked / obtsS^
u-Ith ihe key turned in such a way that SbSfefc^ Jw**tf
it touTd-Jhot be pushed out with tho 4LZ *
'pass ,k-ey;;:Yesterday afternon the same ~^V*^k 3r
state of -..itn'ai.rs'.: was noticed, and Po- i y^> • '
llcerheh; Mahoney Of ' the '•¦ . .:/'.'/
Caltfornla-^treet police station werf! j. w". HOLLOWAY.
caUfid inland succeeded In forcing out . .
¦the; key;., j^tnong the dead man's effects were a number of envelopes "with the
adxiresijiVJ. Wv. Holloway. Phelan's Ranch. Santa Cruz." and "Care F. J. Sul-
Hva'n.'.-WowhlnicttJn street and Van New avenue, San Francisco." lie came to
the.':Slngleton about two months ago arid appeared to be recovering from a
debauch. \-ife. had not paid any renffor the past six weeks, and nothing of
•yahie was found ill: the room '.except eighty-five cents. He gave the name
of O'Brief} and:pa.ldthat he had worked as a nurse In St. Mary's Hospital.
• .. H'oiloway w ; as; at onetime a btitler In the employ of Frank J. Sullivan,
ije^haa -eijted'. as euch for nearly three years .to the satisfaction of his em
ployer.- '& rripnth ago' he resigned his' position.; He was a patient In St. Mary's
Hospital and! wfls-.treated for spinal ailment, lie was once employed as butler
/or Mrs.' Anna /Donahue and Mrs. Edward Martin. The deceased was an Eng
lishman ajid : c'aime •pjfja well-known family In England. lie occupied a room et
*26 Second street' andhis effects are still -there. J. An Inquest will be held to-day.
t£j."% -A LX, Afirow Diseases— Failing lieia>
t£] — >/t| on. Sleepleaaneiia. «««.. canned by o»«r-
fY ""iri work and lodiscretiooa. Theu quickly
C fftiK and mur*ly r«ator« Lost Vitality la old
i\ "V or »o a »e- <""• nt a man for atudr. txui-
j?s~ol n»«9 or plaasare. Prevent Insaoity ani
if taken in time. Their
Die shows immediate improvement and effect* CU-iIE
•chere al! others fail. Insist nponlunng theeenains
AJiii Tablets. They h»vn earwi thousand* and will
enro 70a. VV'o i\**> a positive written KQ^rantee to ef-
f^ct a core in e.tvh cone or refund tha sons?. Price
Cfi fifs per pdckap-. or six packages ifuU tr»at-
iiJ LHi nen-.l for $2.60 ti mail, in plain wrt9C«r,
apon rec«ipt of prirf*. CircalarsXree.
AJAX REMEDY CO.,
For sale' in SF. by LFipnlts & Co.. No Per-
centage Drug C 0... Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. Oakl'd.
HALL'S HEINVIGORATOR
M^fiS^'^g^fj Five nundred reward for any
Cf '*'* ta^U< ca-«e we cannot cure. Tbls secret
- i •', Ft remedy stopo »atl losses In **
gteg : st*yS bcurs. cures Kmlsslocs. Impo-
1 77F1 PiTTiS terey, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
5&1 nr»? Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
?"¦A—JM^ Manhood and all wasting eflecta
- 'of self-abuse 01 excesses. Sent
sealed. (2 bottle: 3 bottles. 13: iruaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cat Also
for sale at 1073H Market at.. S. F. All privat*
dlaeaaes quickly cured. Send for frea book.
HIGHBINDERS ARRESTED.
Warring Tongs Decide to Have No
Pitched Battles While Hostil
ities Continue. : ;
Yesterday morning the Chinese squad
arrested three Chinese highbinders^ Louie
Poy, Louie Sing and Tom Sir.g, on Clay
street, and placed them in the tanks at
the City Prison. The Chinamen are sus
pected of having bnen accomplices to the
murder of How Teong last Thursday
night. . .
The information which led to the arrest
of the highbinders was given by an in
terpreter for the Hip Sing Tong. The in
terpreter has bt^en engaged In pointing out
members of the Suey Sing Tong to the
Chinatown srjuad for the past few days
and yesterday morning designated the
three men who kre now In the tanks as
being the parties who followed How Teong
and pointed him out to the nratorious Ng
Ah Foy and his accomplice. Chin Wing.
Affairs assumec! an air of disquietude In
Chinatown last night and thp officers
feared for a repetition of Thursday's
tragedy. Serious trouble Is in the air
but just when it will break out is a matter
of conjecture. An edict was Issued from
the headquarters of the warring tongs
which will prevent any pitched battles in
this city. The line of operation to be
pursued will be to pick off objectionable
Chinamen individually by one or two high
binders selected to do the jobs. In Marys
ville and in Chico, where the present
trouble originated, banils of Chinamen
clashed together and hundreds of shota
were fired In each battle. This information
was given to the police yesterday morning
STQCK^TAKING SALE I
Our Jarrtftock «£ highest KTJds Fur
Novtltie-. inc. ; uiine : W]p|TT| II iqir
musv be. reauccu rIJjK 11 A 1 3
within 30 'days. .. ;
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
¦', ':. : . Fashfonable ¦ . r,^,,;.^
/ I Manuracturin? l^Urrier& t
: : : - \m Post Street, Rooms :7 to U. :
Remo Jelin^ ahJ repairing atpopular prices
NEW VoAk, Jan. iv- Kid .'ilcCoy
] acn'n' piarcd himself. 1n the.cha-n
pionship clans' fey detcatinV P^tcr
Maher in a ; - br^?'jt. w.ri't-XoucbJ ; bat r
• tie rf .nve.-rdur.fi? before -JlVerc&icy.
I^iar.d AtHU-tio:ri.ul> :ib!.'»..pf»er::oon.' ;The
' f.ght waj« sche^uiyd-: to j»«t $wcn.t.y--five.
i^a.guafl» and .'.the pursp ¦¦'vp.s'; to -.Ivav^.-been
(33,03^. t\:t ¦ t he' -j?t?^ritJari<(» " : was. n.os..a*;;. a*;;
Urc r-s Jjj^ojj ejip^cfefl, and.jbp'ore
i : the SfrJ'.t yntH bip-prun iJtev-pripcipals-iftrfreid'
that the wlnr.erVshould ''f^coite the Erq^R
'..gxite receipts. . j"- ¦,-.¦ /} ;* {ji : -: ~.\.' • ••'
The battle, was ..hard -.f/j^f^V f rest star^
; tfl but Mr(V:y. v,'s?;?or.thf»;c3.oVerfr
: rr,pn In rlrc . tartirg. iln<spir.it^-;.! ! 1t5'?.-?tt v p
pJr.g and hiulr.fjpftTversriJ^, shiiv.-ed hlnl-.
' rc'.f to hi a {r r »r.<l gvrxira'?.' -.^\Yi*v.w«i'*th!-'?:
for' an oppr.ir.g'and nevcf>fa.iiinsr .to *a>
/Bdvsr.tag-e of one.'. Mr.h^: : -^Jt^.c<!ith cr.od*.
. -i:>!i with KHhr a: Jbear^/hlt't-M': 'iOJS- r.ot'
pet ir. a.-jy 'offset fve. . bOcsi'sl" i-fT's fcof 1 
.¦. ¦ Trorfc'.T-'as. poor arid -at -ttiHca "h> dj.i.r.ot
'.' appear to 3iave.vpeFffe.rt JbjAtTOJ -zf ,hizn-¦
: ¦¦ $c\t . • When ;lie_m«i 'ester?; iJ:«" r:uij an-l.
• '¦• *TiirT"'<" for »:ic liart'e ; 'br;^'l- ;v .'k<:fs^to ;&*|
¦¦¦ '.n perfect ccr.ditJcriv and';t,?'',^?".7'\ < !'~* : ST^o-t
fv«4 with tnr""j;tuc«s- ;Rp?l?.i'?s i . ."t"»a'^r ¦ S£ar
;¦ qtile Di Quoerir.l-.err>- t;:1«K'-,. ::>%*-; glm'c^.
' provides .!)y-<bf <fii?j.'3*r<prii':'hfiCT<li»d;i'pi-.i^i(*
-¦ >ef ere~":i n<l ¦;:*?. ;a t;:rri' pafv'i'HppiXQ-, \h?[
;-" <jv^ksy."-'t>ur. M*Coy '^^M^M'^'is^^yi^^
;-. ;.jß:Tovfs;d;d nr>t fit '• him nrifr^t^Kerrrrily' .r'f f
¦ : ;.;a>ed touf-e t!;rn». He iuSir^iinrs/wc^.r-
',.. .lr.e : c.T! old T-air wh',. h he .'<"•!, af it: ?<t . : 's'i'.tc«r
but').:i:<> j'^.-fer»-<? was .'.ol^anra.tie-j.carjd'
• Ji'-Ccy K3\-.-!:i. ¦'¦.-'• * ."•;.-.) *;i ; -'"- '.-f;^. •'.'. ¦'
; ? McCoy -wai: ihe atrgress-.r -.'ii ;hc'.stnr!
'-..' r.rf.- tcreir.z break' gT»^:ntl.' ; ThV
.=-. K:d :>::.;. -.1. < 1-verly n-.Hh bl»t'j*rt;V'Miii«r
¦•'.sp.irr!.-c -a-.!:'; an a^stoup'; "loMt- :*>n' frH
•vv.fi.re," Thrrvyive'. KijV si nt 'n.- Joft; fcpok '. to'
<•.»; ;aw.' fj the lnshn!an."'Wno :; w.i«
'.\-i:p!u\T«\o.f.v.ii,,ss, Th-e Kid tried ,:t <if.!i«
-." cr'jp.s. bulV.infsS.nl' -Mailer . tri*-ci \a"-'l-ft.
:•-; ti»-isj . : ;.fop.vv .t.l)e"-.h>.-nj, but IL^t'oy "" f j'iV
';V *-;*<{- ;..ii .riKjiti.y.' : '/ht ¦' -Iri??!ihii3- oSsaj*4
:¦.; af.tz;Y:rj>'ht;'.il' '*<? in;..ir,^atn :r<-p.rt-:wjTlo w r'
.-' ;\hv .w-.ark;' «nd ¦gox.a. :,Uft vn the -X<>^' t. *r
: i2;;s..:priirs. -;-Jn •V..alt«:mrt3::fr.; to. rvUnt^r
:: .¦Mci.v.T. : ovc>.r<;flVhi*.i .h;i;i!=--Tf an<i:feH, : buf'
f-jßiJtef £«*•£"• a.imofct liiaift^dlataely' ¦
M.idi.'.^r :f>c:i. bpp;us •ri-s?3.ifi.ffta''t < r et; frircUiK
-¦> : ih<?"Kl<3 .\xj.i-fif jif>t»es. landitijf-a l)arri ritrljt
y;pn:.-vhr "body.-.-.- Th» .irisii^iaJi h^il :'iWi.\
•.¦'lh .-a : .:ic-:a :plri<> at this-V-n'.rJy -s»:ijj<? of '.>ie
.-/.- r fram<v-'but.:; .th>- ICJd'-; LrokV" away . nlrrriiiy
. firrf-put .;a"l;-ar.«j .l^ft:. to MahiT'k" stajgovicb.
1 ' bsfoT*»:t6fe.ar*;t Ji.ad Vitliied, •.•.'• - :.':• "-.' •••
¦- .". Mc.<-'py iar:.ra.tiz<;-(J-' t h^:-big fellnw with -'his
. : fpir-ttngv-in 'th.c" .mixt raiind. .and liklucxl
•:-¦ f*ter-.tiS' make'- vi'*inu? ..ewirifTs . *yivh huXU
:."har.(ls.". TJi^ fChi .£>/;' !nt<r<>ios<- qilartc^f*
; -ir.urh to' ih*-:s--jrprii><' o.f M.aiirT'? i'rie.n.ds'.
¦ ¦¦ii.T.jd yhile- he' received, ttlitw? lia'ck'. of the'
+ \:r>:i'i<it rf he XW . right .and ; l^ft' hard - <»ri
: Tb«» -body. On..' the .' t»rt>a3<a-way .-."XrcfoV.
./lauded. a stacperinK lefton thp jaw. Then
;-.They mix< j «i things. Maher: landfns "heavily
."¦•; 4rn.:t!r.e boJj- ?rttfa .both ha ads .-. an&J& she.
:.;lirpali;!iway.?»nt his left to the r)bV;; .- ¦Jh»
¦' jvi.i <t^pi-"- : d 'b.a.ck after this. :•:' "VVhen.'-th^y
:'-. bf : T. asuin h*> .: i'measu'r^ij ' t>u»
-. 'jrlfftThan nicely, nr.<l with, a right -on-'.-th^
¦ Jaw; peiit ; ;-.r«-ter ; to hfs . hands': arid.-. knc»i','
¦¦¦' v>'.^rf ;' : the;_.J.riß«iina.n rt*rh«iiii><l. fcnYrvyec
" ;'-or.d»;'. • When Ma her got-tigf he Bftcfneij to .
V.I or* his hea-d a.r.!i rushed ai-.McCoy^. send-."!
t Ingf his ;'right to tlif t<Tdy.'..}:ut-::rt^vlvir.ir
:,." th'r^e.if'ft.. ..'jfbp on the fa«-e-" frbtn' tfte Kid.!
• Jr. & ruV.h tp the ropes the K!d flipped to
...the ¦floor,"'- but ' vas- lip in a-' jiffy,' .sending
-'his left' to Mahcr's facp. thrQwi'tiK th<»
.".'¦lrishmar.'.s head back. Then two Lefts to
tr^ Jaw and a rlpht over the heart .from
the. Kid made the gong a welcome -s6u:il
frr Mahfr,. . ¦ . . ; ¦ :
". Bj- this "t!iri-» McCoy was more oonfidf'H
than ever. He ".feinted at the beginnirg
of The third, but was rushed to the. ropt?.
¦where he !;ooked his left to the jaw ani
¦ *pcaj;«-d from Peter's" return. Then he l»-
*ran pJayins his lr>ns left -to Peter's stom
ach. and the Irishman began t-parring nt
long raiy*e. With a well-timed feint the
•Kid broupht the big fellow to him and
•.^Tit him Dmek -with t^'o loft hooks on the
. ;aw. ' Maher c-ssay*-d a return and McCoy
. 'ducked as th^y came to a .clinch, break
ing .from which thf "Kid. sent- a ftraiprht
¦jriKht.to the face and another to.the stnm
,'pch. rUaber th«-n tiled to.mfx. If 'and.
'.'•f/irced.'the.Klil \o the ropes;Vbut the latter
-'• ;p-,t bai.-li to. .the center: of th*, ring, where :
¦-.'lif' ¦latij.ed a str&l£bt;)efi*cn theiacc ju«t
\:'.t3.x- : tiifi'::r^n"oi the belt"; :"..;.•' ¦¦;.•.•• :¦;...
..'.'¦¦ -Mcy'oy assumed the: aggrr-«.sjve In the
«vJhe*t£jxßMftfl; but Pfeter spa.rred-carefi.jlly.
-The: .Irishman sorrn.begrnh; forcing.... and
~,i::f»'Tik**i.-t'he.' Kid Into a.lef Q which landed
'.- Hchtly :V>h. the wind. TOen->MahefVf6peed
¦jJMCf'oy "into a. neutral corgef; plantini!: a
vctf-rrt fie "left tin the face, wliich jarred -Me
• /•4("oy'ti-. h»>ad.. : McCoy -Side-sieppnd in an
¦.-.•..¦ur.uswa'l- direction, and Ps-j*- r. ' t rl*d 'another
J'f:. which fell, ehort. Iri ik m.ix -up.- which
'-..-followed favors were aboji"tJ*VPlC : but M 1"-'.M 1 "
'. < 'Ny was /autloned by the; rpfefee-'for-holl-.
!ii;. Maher 't?ut painted the KS& by. 50 pe.r
"r'-nl'.'sn ihitt. roG^ia. £end!'a> rights. -arid
.- ¦ J«»iT«:;To: : the Jirrad;.- ft--hil« the; K"4d r«ttatiatM
t-fcevWincL- iTtiw-oTd the close.
¦•¦ : .«f.:.ThV ,r<Hind'- Maher; -w'aiJs.jcaiiifiijjei f.>r
;.., hplclirg-; «hd j" : ric itiiiig- I roin'--a. b'r<-akai.way.-.
'.v'he sent a., lift]' hock . ta. -; -MctToj^s • face,
.".. which" ,^id -ibi- K>a iip good. • ; • : = ; ./ .":«
;¦.:"¦"•¦ At .tills Kt.ageV't*' ', : tba ; caine •¦" ' .Maher*s
• friends" becam* :;v>ry- cyfiilderit"--' that . the
//'.lrishmah wiiuldt: '.Kei : •".the.'- : .b^tur : -:<if the
¦y -;lio!istei'-A&&'i but Mc^oy.had a:Er«iat deal
J jnpreJeft-in-'ninai'-'iliiin' th»?.<«: met>- bargain
:.«-d: .«-d fpr;.-:-He waited :for ; tte.;'blg./ellow. who
¦'•.-:. Jtafl the : bf-ti<T.<if,-' itxe- pre.vloiisi ro-uod, and
tapped him VjtJtiij. JSshtly.iri the face,
¦'¦¦. fill the tiniejhif'tlii^'-to "•t-h*>".left -sldf, then
both landed Jpfts" Jo the Jiead.-' Pe^er pent
..a hard left; to th^fac^,: which the Kid
¦cour.tered::. tlio;i ho najt ¦& ricfr to-, the
throat a.nd-.trji;'d jo'crflss '..with' hip right,
.but' the ¦Kld:. ; dut;k-ed.".j:.;MdOoy -landed )eft
¦ nr.d right •pn"th« $*?.;'¦ -Pe'tfcr : w - av<>red an<j
¦ McCoy sent ah-.jth<.r.:rig:ht/'-.ti:h4c;h' fell a
• irit short,, and. th«.-£...:drnp}» l tr!g: his left to
. the body; irted : v r!eb,t swing.: As Peter
. Fldft-stepp^d ihfl Kid jfn"t" : blm-'wJth-a full
. *w!ng with, .fels Jeft.t.tihich^ianOed on the
yvolnt ottht). jaw. and th* -.irishman, "W-cnt
¦ " down, resting on his ri«ht <lbow, "a.nd was
:• '-counted out . In this po/rtln-n. It. "Was a
/jerrifle'-blpw, and lan-ilnsr light- on th« 3
• ; :'jTiark,.'.jan :o'x could scarcely; hay* wlth
¦¦'^f-iood i'Vs force. It :tv'as as O"<tri..'a knooko;ut
•".•..«fi -R-as e\ier ln.». ring s-.shi, and while
:-_.>b.m*'- spectators -were- unlilM; enougb- to
-.' ra-y'. that Mah^r; could have vt up aßain,a Ra in,
'/those/; who f- we r« nearest to vhe- fighters
"«r) : 3.*aw..tb'e -for*** <jf the ; blnw.T|i'p.ri* of tho
r.-'Viplrijon that.Sulllvan. In "hi;s palmy, aays
•v-'cWild- not haye 1 \rithstood.-t&- ¦- '-'•'.•¦ -
;'- AProbabiy irk the histrif y ; D.f ring fißtits in
V;tl?l!« vlcinltj".- there ha« in'iij'J-^tinQH ¦ULli a
MfjtiJf'k chkpg> in the» bettlKg" as that v.hlch
•'•'ftccurre/!.. injuring the/two.-'hdqrs precedlrig
•', '¦¦thlß'-' fight: '-'Fur some ". dava-jmw.t-
,-n.liad b^n to*; -Jarori-t«'. as gboo as ICcj to &J
'¦ ¦ tiolrij^ -feet; <Qhi,hta cha nces.V • One : hundred
' ;'l<j'-:79. ; -6n .Ma-hf^r.'.Vas .the ruling -price when
''¦¦• j sYf* 'fclubfeoiisi? d-nors opened- thLg- afternor»ri
•'.¦.¦»! m d' Jn.-tbe 'difforcni. sporting" centers this
.'v-.j.rlce was •Tnaintal.rJ-q until-withiri : ;aii- hour
¦•'¦ -ff '••.'th^:l*eg4ncirg,.' c>J Uk> contest: : .Thien a
.'.vriecu'liar.V-tfnditlo'n of affairs pccurri>d. and
-;.t/ir;,p«- appartni reason Mano! stock was
; tf»ai-ca. ..while :Xhe ;Ivld"p bulled, and
tbc* rlng'thclr-pOHi'
;'v-t.Vri:ji>j :'ih th?; batting market- .were reversed.
?: . |R"i^.'.th.e;: : Kidvih*»:favorj-|.e. ..'."•. ¦..:¦• ="¦• .
*.*'..Thfr.-.vtfc.linJi3a.l.:...*tDri i .: . of the fight: by
1 . follows:. : ....¦¦¦,-'-•¦• -.""¦.:'"•../'.•¦" :¦;' : •• '*¦': -¦."
:'*~ : .'*rjHrt"Cr.6.upd=HJlii»- rfir^n .shWjk" J!an<3ii S:l7.
;-'.Tl^:. : K!(}. -jmfiifediitrWy took the offt-nnivr*, Pet*>r
' .iir>un<J: .. •i'ir<>". I Kidf<'lhtf<l •with his • left:
?-.aii'-.th«i-.le<l-w:4tfe> 4 .Uft hoolc to the Jaw,.ftonr
¦.'..snp W4 ; li<T.: "IJah^r wasup In *tww a«rnn'ar The
\",\ Ki a: ¦trieij ••¦*¦; t-Tfieß, .but;mis»*<l. 'Maher tried a
' -JfftV"-e»ins..,for.;Th<» tif^ii. but the Kid eide-.
-. / -.-|!tfpr*(l.-r.fatlyy".:-->laher aeatn trl^d a left, but'
'j.:ihf -Ki<l •¦.¦•jrgaiu'-'-s&e-Bffcpjspd..: McC*j>y grnt a left
m .j;X(r.%b*-bCi9yj :ahi3 :J**ter.; than uttemut tor?-:•o r?
:• .<urn'.the"l)!ew;.--M{jiip«-<J untj fell.- but 'reajalnod his
• ;-:f»rt .qU>Jj!,y::.TKeycf inched. Mahrr for.-In» the
"-¦-" K.ta-JLcrtb* rc^p^F;- •« h-rc- lie pat his light 'on' the'
•-.fcid:<£.bi^y..- Mr-Kid broke away nicely, and.
= ...**.tcr'* : 'l4ttle tparrlnjc. v.ut. a left to Maker's
¦¦¦..ttomSclr:.*..; \fi.fjC-~Z .''.¦'.-*•..,¦'
:¦ ••.•.. i 5 « > r<yntl : round— rtoth tnen'-r-atnc ui> JatUKhlng
-. ."earh, s>iiarri.nK Xcr. an-,r^.<>ninK. . M«k;oj- feinted
,'-> : istiM6'e ifitk.'.' Pet cr::ipa'i!e -a viciima right and
; Wt' swing"/ BiPrther. ; la'lidlnjr.^ ftnd at clos« <juar
':;..t»r??..t.'he KUT.Toat a;r)jrh.t : ; anri left to th* body.
,j>iiUH*>y i.Fbke a«'«!r-.the Kid put his left to the
' •iaw'.VThen.thvj-. nUxed U. Maher lamjlns right
.".Van-l- left on- the b'i)4y. ; In the breakaway Maher
¦.¦ -jv:'t : his ¦¦¦letl: to. th> • Kid's b>>dy: Concha; to
,. Brtßer-.'«jaln' t**' Kldvme;a*ure<J hi* man and
*pnf. a".blpw:<o..*heJaw;.iH ? ttiri(r Maher on Wk
;, haTuJi-stTtd.-'Kri.e^^-.-Miiher'.was ud In tour ner
.<m^R..»hd' ruyhed -niartU'. at MrCoy.- ce<!injt to
••th#br>dy, while M(H-;of.- Jabbed his left three
jliinefttr^.thefgre.- Maher^-orr-ed the Kid to the
> -r"P*'?" f -.n<l the Kid pljr>i«ed.to the floor ' Ac soon
• BF..iie:pr.t .uri-3ve rerit hl»« l.pft to Maher's. fa»»e
•¦. penrtjny hi* -head ;back:. The Kid Kent two lefta
':t* thf.j»w'.-of- "MaJiT/!. following with a right
: *'\f-t, ' whti'h -.turned- Maher's head Fldewaya as
thr con> £<3und»>d;-.' ;-.:'¦ - ¦
¦ Tbi.rd. rour.d-i-McCby came w mor» confldent-
To Be Installed.
The offlcers of the lodges of DJetrict No';
2 of the Independent Order of Odd . Fell
lo^b will be installed as follows: Harmony
PASADENA ROSE
TOURNAMENT
Eleventh Ann u al Even t
a Great Success^ : X
MANY FI WE DISPLAYS: MADE
THRONGS OF .. PEOP I/E CROWD
V-. v ; L : ' ; :;'. i: .'THE';STREi;TS.^' : :'' : . ; -' ; V-:-
Procession 'One of the Features of
; . the Day and Notable for Its ¦
: ;;¦;¦;.:• Many Unique ' ¦'.' ' .;¦
' ;:-\; :-\ '.' .' ''... i'lp.ats*;'. .'; : - .•¦.;¦•/ , : :-.
Wisconsin Nearing Completion.
/Workhaa ro far advancd onthe United
States Lauir-shlp Wisconsin that she will
makf l>er: trial trip within jthft iiext;two
weeks; A.- portion of = th« .chip's arriia
inert has i arrival, 'at ¦ the •ijnJon '.Iron
Works, consisting. :.of, .one \\ fhlrteen-ln^h
rifle wt-ighjng seventy-tons:'".: This Uttle
toy meaEUres fort y_' toot, ancj will, when
loaded, sf nd a' nre^s.age. tea .nitles. There
are three, more of a srmlLar cpnßtructlori
on the way. tio compl'e.fea 'portion- of th«
monster's fighting e-quTfinient./ v When {the
four, biff guns are 'plac<=:<l..Xh.e •Wisconsin
will; have the largest >uns ever jnoiiritcdi
on an American ms*n-of-w?ir..- The "build
ers of- the Wisconsin "exWct her to e'xeerd
the stipulated speed required by the Xayy
Department.-" ' -.'••,. : ¦¦ . :> '• . •
fDR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELM
ffOSTH ITS WIIBHT <\/X\s~ :LAUS BACK CTOID. \
IN SOLD. .1 /S\)j//\i// V| ¦ : / . July l« IS3».
Nn , 19t h « M XJLi^yt J*»r '¦ J 1 A" * i»llA Pleree Electric Co.
Dr Piwcl'&^n- ~*>fi??&W&& -^fcm SsFS*"<" - Gents: Tour Electric
wrltlug jrw a letter to /|ggPß^O'T\Y >S\vv^^s^OT\ Z$ v w o ? » Pn «•
inronn you that I sun A\SFr>\\ / AlNsT t A'/*\?¥ A tVnii^ T £ tt.
one of tb. luoky nuru- • / ' i^S^m beif eU?ht years a!^?
MAN OF ME. I // l^*£22iZT(*-- /7\ > Soi,™ W ~ trnW
troubUa th»t hAd bothered me tor It •**§ In ¦ . . . . LfciUAVutai kaija,
years. ¦• TOUR BBL/T IS WORTH XT3 yri*Jr c ~'~ : . .- Opnir. CaL .
WEIGHT ¦ IN GOLD. Respsctfully, * /fV^ C7Thoos«nda of .'enrt» ' like th«
¦•'• ¦ ¦ *:7: 7 ¦¦:. ED. T. NOB. *7J V- for;r»tng h»i>'.bc*n made by Dr.
•. "• Klo Vista, CU. Plerce't world-renowned Electrle!
.Y:'-V' r ¦¦ Belt. It- la warranted to be the
most adentlflc end durable body battery ever patented or sold In America. Piicea much:
lower than oth»rs of far Inferior quality «xc sold at. If you want the BEST, you most,
hare VDR.. PIERCI7S." . . .
For full particulars send a le stamp for "BOOKI>E7T NO. X* or call at tb* efflc*.;:
Address * ¦ ¦-¦•-.-,¦•.'- - - *
1 PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
No. tofr Market St. (oopoalte Palac* Hotel) Baa Frsxiclsco. Eastern Qfflo*: Na U
Tribune Bulldlnr. New Tort . .... . .;
Drinking glasses called. tumblers owe
their name to the fact that they are the
successors of little round- silver bowls, so
perfectly balanced that; whichever way
they were tipped about on the table, they
tumbled into: position again, and there
remained with : the. rim. : upward, as if ask-
ing to be refilled..' :•
Choppers' Friendship Club. :
The Choppers' Friendship Club; an aux-
iliary of. the -Woodmen of the World, has
elected the following named as Its offi-
cers for the ensuing-: : term and -will install
them on the 26th hist.: : William Krause.
president: R. . F/ Galvan'. . vice president;
John Boyle, treasurer: F. K. Teeter Jr:.
secretary; William Carr, conductor;-' Wi-
lliam Riordan: sentinel: A;. T. I^ove^ trus-
tee; Drs. C. j. Patten ami A. D. McLean,
physicians, and : F.- X.\ Al;J.yer. organist.
WOUND UP THE OLE YEAR
BY COMMITTING SUICIDE
I ¦ I-nstruct-lori in Irish and Welshls glv;n
at Harvard. ¦ - - .'• •. '. -'.¦'¦': ¦; :. : -
The Dying Year.
• :6n Sunday 'night Rev. E. Nelander of
the First English Lutheran Church
preached a strong sermon on "The Dying
Year." In' part he said! ...
• ' Four more .ringrlng-s. ringrlng-s of the clock and the
year with all Its Joys, griefs and achieve
ments, wiH be.done. ¦ Four more: strokes of
Its win* a.nd the-flying year will be at rest.
At the threshold stands the new year, laden
with treasures, new gifts, from- heaven. God
be praised for all the pleasures gone by.
•But the future holds brighter thirds In store
for us. -Welcome.- Anno Domini lt>00:. Hearer
of plad tldinKS. embn^sndor of pence, herald
of the frreat King-'. The air will soon be
resonant with jcood wishes, "A happy new
year!" It Is the children's ereetln»f. Llpa
tremulous with ace utter tt. Sickrooms are
cheered by it. Pains are forcotten .while
dear ones whisper. "A happy new year!"
The world Is brighter for It.
A happy new year to you all! It means a
year of rejolcine In the pardon of sin. A
year of earnest endeavor In behalf of others.
A year of simple trust In God. the father
of us all.
| Indies" . tailor- riiaderults. -fur capes; cloaks.
Crvdlt. M.. ; .K;otJischlltl, 334 Poet st. : :. ". '•.
May Be Sold.
The board of directors of the Improved
Order of Red Men's Hall Association have
under consideration an- offer to purchase
Red Men's Hall oh Post street. The siim
of JJos.CoO.ls.sald to have been offered fOi
the property. The board will meet In a
few days to take action on the proposition.
Church People Ate Turkey.
A turkey dinner was tendered by the
regular congregation of the Third Congre
gational Church last night to. the visitors
of the regular Sunday evening services.
The repast was hfld in the basement of
the church and was partaken of by over
200 people. Professor Charles Ham acted
as toastmaster. He Introduced Rev. Wil
liam .Racier. pnMor.'of the congregation,
and the latter delivered a short but pleas
ant address. Other speeches were made
and a pleasant evening was spent.
GHOST IN A PAWNSHOP.
Interesting Sketch Produced by Am
ateurs at the Chevra Gemilus
Chasodim Entertainment.
B'naiß'rlthllall was: crowded last night,
the occasion : being the annual entertain
ment and ball given bythe Chevra Qemi
lus Chasodlm (Free Loan Society) Ah ex
cellent programme was rendered after
which there was dancing until a la't hour
S. J. Levy was master of ceremonies anil
introduced the following. numbers:: . •' "
Overture. Professor Rose'n orchestra: opening
address. Rev. : Dr. :M. ?. Lerjr; duet. Mine
Greenber*; and Mr. ttosenwasser: address Miss
Ida Hellman: romantic son*. Mme. Green here:
Impersonation. "King, of Chinese."' H. Harrt* :
violin solo and snnj?. Master J. Tanzman; ad
dress. Rev. Dr. Jyadore Meyers:' son^. Cantor
H. S. Ptollnit2.: recltatton. Georrre W. .Alexan
der: comical °nng.. A. Tarrzman: sketch "A
Ghost In a Pawnshop I '— Cast: Jake (a trunted
employe). Professor X.-M. Llpka: Abraham
Slnshelmer- (a' pawnbroker). ..M. Mellini; ' Pete
(everybody's boy). ¦;; H.'. J. Cbrdl. • . ¦ .' :
The following committees had the af
fair in charge: ;. : ¦'¦.¦.•...• . :¦ ; : ¦ ¦
Committee of ¦ Arranßements— I. ¦ Lea» : fchalr
man). U. Axelrrwl. I.Shen?rin; r>. gkootsKy- H
Bernard. I. .Novjhsky. ¦ H. Shensoh. Reception
Committee— M.. ; J..: Cohen • (chalrrnan) -A.' M.
Jacobs. M. Rafael. I. Noylnsky. A. Suparman!
R. .- L.lchtenste4h, ,U. .Abrams. Floor thana^er.
H. Bernard: -n^slstant flr>or manager. -I Less'
Floor Committee— S..J. .Levy,, r. Shenson. s'
Sieglar. I/eon Kramer. I. Shenson. J. Goldman
Harry Simon, • P. -Elsensteln. •. • ¦ :
WET POST HOLIDAY.
Presidio Practically Under Water
While the Men Feast in
Barracks.
If yesterday had no other distinction it
had as least that of being as wet a day
as has ever been experienced at the Pre
sidio. It rained steadily all day, and be
fore night there were pools of water
wherever there was a depression, and the
lower part of the post by the beach had
become a lake.
The day was observed as a holiday by
all the garrison. Several of the officers"
wives received callers during the after
noon, among them being Mrs. Colonel
Freeman, who. was at home to her friends
In and out of the army. In the barracks
the men observed the day in about the
only- way soldiers can, that is, by an
extra dinner and an extra bill of fare.
The holiday turkey was strongly in : evi
dence, and the usual accompaniments
were on the barracks tables in full and
plenty. ¦ . •• '
At the General Hospital there was more
celebration. . The corps men had added
to- their menu arid the patients were also
given extra dishes of a 'distinctly holiday
character. The. tables In th» big dining
room' Were decorated, to suit the occa
sion, and: every, one, both patients and
c'orp* men, enjoyed. 'to the fullest the
opening of the new year. The rain kept
away many visitors to the hospital, but
there .were some who braved the down
pour and .came out' to see and cheer th»
tinfortiinatp' lnhabitants: of the wards. .
WERE OUT FOE PLUNDER.
J. C. Wilson and Martin Lyman Cap-
tured After a Desperate
Struggle.
J. C. Wilson and Martin Lyman were ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morning
on Twenty-fourth street by Policeman
Thompson after a desperate struggle, and
were booked on a charge of burglary. An
additional charge of carrying a concealed
weapon was registered against Wilson.
Thompson saw the two men standing In
the doorway of Mossford's hardware
store, 2^2C Twenty-fourth street, and asked
them what they were doing there at such
an unseemly hour. They told him to mind
his own business, and Thompson pro
ceeded to do so by placing the handcuffs
over Wilson's wrists.
Lyman showed fight, but a blow from
the policeman's club sent him to sleep.
Wilson attempted to strike the officer with
his .• handcuff r-d hands and during the
struggle a revolver and cartridges were
disclosed stuck in a belt around his waist.
After handcuffing the two men Thomp
son made an investigation and discovered
that they had broken a window In the
hardware store and had stolen several
carving knives and other articles. When
pearched several pieces of strong cord
were found in their pockets and It is sup
posed they were out to hold up belated
pedestrians. • ¦.«.,:.
.Wllßon Is a traveling photographer and
Jn- his poFse>ssinn was found a number of
letters from a girl signing herself "Kdna"
in: San Andreas, begpir.g him to marry her
and save her from disgrace.
Lodge, to. night; Genhahia Ixxlge. Thurs
day night; Cpncordla Jxjdge, next Monday
night: . i-lermhnii I^odjj'*. January 9th. and
Vorwaertf< I^odge on, the lpth: The offlcers
of Hermann Lodge will be publicly In
stalled in Bureka Hall, In the Odd Fel
lows' building. •':• - - '.-*¦* .¦-,'¦
. tha^v ever. . wifjlle 1 Ppte'r wpt? an anxious l^-)k.
but <rkS"'very:: < 'ei.iraiUie<!'. .Ttie Kid feinted with
out, a .blow bijrii: struck: ilih»r forr^d the Ktd
tb:th> ropetf. -. 'but the Kid h'Oolced his leit to
tfierjaw tnd.ej!ca4»e<l a: return; Twice the Kid
Jabbed KsWt to Maher'-s' stom-ach and Petev
became tabrn, warj'- %They came to a clinch.
ea^aTa^dLns'lliht rlirhts t<r the. ribs. The Kid
•w.ftwvi left hi'x)k« to, jhe Jaw. whloh nor.t
M.ih»r back. .'and followed -with 'another, which
kn.x-k^d: the' >;ie feilov/ three yards back. Mc-
Coy blocked a richt retufn." TJicy cair.» to n
r>llp?h. but livthe fj'rcak -the K!d s?nt a Mralßht
rlfrht to th«" fare and etomach. Maher tried to
ttttx up a n.i .forced -.the Kid to the ror-es. but
the'Kid -fmifht }jcck and cot fo the center of
the rinfj, wh*re he cot In a straight left ta the
face ns th« b?U Mun.Vd. -*'/"• •¦¦¦
Fourth round— : McOoT «•»!> quicker on h'.F feet.
Hoth p,--arreil careJully. with Maher forelnp
Th» KM trie-1 a Wt. landing llphtly on the
wind. Mah<»r fore«d MrC-ir to a neutral corner
und landed left -joa fare. Jarring McCoy. Mc-
Coy rtoj.rxr-d to the -left -and Peter struck out
with hla left, but f<"ll Flir.rt. In a mlxup PetT
pot a right to tiie head and McCoy wap cau
ttoried for holding. McCoy i hooked a left to
the .face nnd Vpxt folli wed v.:th a left on the
lH.dy. Maher Jabh°d his Wt «ral?ht to the
face at rlo?» quarters without a mturn. The
KM broke t-roun<l repeatedly. IVter chasing
r.:m. Th" Kid sent his left to th» face, hut
Peter hooked two lefts to the head and then
used, his left : twice more to the Kid's he.vj,
while McCoy ja.tbed his !eft t" the wind. They
caci* to a ci:t!ch. In wliicn Peter was cautioned
for hr.ldi.nir. hut at- the Game 'time he pent- a
left hook to McCoy's, face. This was Mailer's
rcund. - • :: '-.'.. ' ;
¦Fifth round— Peter r forced th e pare. The KH
tsi>r*d w.ith.tils JeftMlchtly to the fare. ¦ uhlft-
In-U to the; left, sld^.; wh'oh is unusual in Mc-
Coy's riTiR- tactics. ;Both landed left? to the
head. Tb.en T'c-ter sent 'another left to the race,
thf Kid - coantertnfif.; Peter ehot his left to
thr thrait and tried to cross with his rlsht.
butmfff"! Mahrr led and McCoy landed two
hard lefts on Jhe Jaw. ' McCoy <rrf>sf:e.l his richt
over to the point, of .the Jaw. Peter was forced
to clinch. > UeCby then dropped the In* fellow
»-»b a J»fi swlntj on th<» iaw. and Maher was
cclJntwJ • out.- • Tlm» cf round, two minutes and
twenty-rwo feeor.ds. : ¦ '-. '. .
. Kid McCoy to-night, descrlbfng th-e last
round of- the fight, --said: ? 'Peter looked
fre-sh^r than h«- f«vlt when .he came put
rlhW'-ti me" I fanned his face,- then i>ut in
: a If-ft hook on his n^c'k. He. rushed at me,
and I left hooked him on the neck again,
but he bored right on m<» llko:a runaway
horse and burled me -upon the ropes. As
I got off i;mlss*d a- left hook at his neck
and banned hfs short ribs with a right
corkscrew. "*•,.". .:•'. ¦¦ .••'.' .- ¦ .-
"Talk about a gijme man! Peter had al
ready taken enough to "settle a half dozen
big strong fellows, yet he kept right after
*K^, glaring ond swinging. As he came in
I hooked my left on his neck, iarring him
a great oVal, Then . I Jftbbed the left
straight to the stomnrh: Peter.. grew tired
all of a suddf-n. : lie-, chopped;- his left
¦down on my shoulder. Was he rrallv
played out?. No. He railed and rushed
again and I stopped him with a left hook
on:the ohln. He ran over me and shoved
me baok to rr.' own corner. On the way.
tJw-re I tapped, his chirr, airafn. As he
rushed again and I clinched "I. felt there
was little strength . left in him. At the
breakaway I made- a left hook for the
jaw. Injt mipped : it. The moment I
straightened up I harped hlrii In the stom
ach with a right hook blow and threw In
a corkscrew.- on the chin.- Down went
Pefrr orrc^ n>ore. He fell In a Fitting posi
4ton. Ills- eyes: were glazed. He tried to
rise, but there. was no life in him. He fell
back niid lay there resting 1 ; on the- left
elbow."' :• •.'•; ' • ¦ . : . ¦ •
Peter Mahrr saM to-nlKht: "I have, no
¦jpjtcupfS-.io'make for brtng defeated. -.The
fight was fair and square in-ieverv par
ticular.--All that I have to- say Is that up
to. the time that I. was knocked out I had
a shade the better of t)r> fight. Those who
witnesj^fl' the batj.T«* know: that In: the
third round-.- when. l lift the Kid ar ight
hook on. the Jaw and sent him up against
th* rop'-«. he was rpmpletely dazed. I had
him :' going 'in -that:, round, but ' tho-. bcli
snvevl.bim. 7!Ji^ ppfctators can vouch for
thi- fourth 'round bring all mine. I did all
thfe fVyhtlnfr In that round, and had it last-.
e<l. thirty- seconds longer I wctild haveput
McCoy 'out/'- ;'¦-• . ;' ' - ' ¦"-'-.; i ••.
•It-Is said the Coney TilaM Sporting Club
lort TJOOD on th> fltrht.: ..JtcCoy I received
SI2.OQQ and Maher;-J400.%,;the men having
.¦agrf-»-i3 to fl^-Tit. for tho gross receipts,
Tht-ro were C/'O- spectators present. ¦.-.¦-.'.
NORMAN SELBY (KID McCOY).
'.'• r J\% noon' yesterday -Miss Mary BcJ! Gwin was. married, to James H- Fc'UiS.
? f\ R.W. Dr.! Foute prpnouncing -the : solemn, binding words,: The wedding. ! ;
»•:¦/; V: which was celebrated ait th-e home Of the bride's, grandmother, Mrs. Will
1 • :iain"P'«V.tri,-cdrner.of Sacramento and Hydest.reetS; wais a Very elegant -.'af-:
fair s l None but; the imniediate relatives. and. friends were present, and In -all •.
! j about eighty, guests- witnessed the impressive .ceremony, ; • :. .': '•'. : ¦• ' ¦' . - : ¦¦ '.'
•.- The decorations nf.;the' home, we're elaborate and t-rquisite,, : W.Mte roses of;
' : the' framing itietepr ;variery and brilliant ¦ red polriset.Ua blosspiris -were 'used;
. with telling- effect. Tho bride Wore aa elegant gown of white, satin: complete- '.:
lv" shrouded by- an .[overdress Of 'rare. old lacevthat has idone similar duty iri tho '
', Gwlnfarnily.rnariy. times. ; '..- '. ': ': .; ..'.•:•¦•'';. ".:- : ' v : .: 'f : - ;•¦¦';} "^
Clarence. Fellis, brother. Of ...the groom.- was best man. The bride was Unr . •
'• attended^ For the past three' years the bride, who.is the daußhter bfJlr. and .-
Mrs William G^ l1 "' Jr -- has l>een a P^ ll^ la the exclusive circles in which she
' moved: She is '"remarkably beautiful and as accomplished .as, -she'; is lain : The
> happy man is. the son Of R, HJ Foliis, the. capitalist and mlnlng'-opcrra.tor. Mr.
' and Mrs. Foliis, after : a brief ' honeyiijoohi "•will return to make. their home In ;.
; this city. , ' '.' ' : ¦:.-_• .•' :?• ¦'-' '¦:':.: :.-'/~\' •• • :¦ ;,-'..' ¦¦':.¦;, - '• ¦_¦¦: ,/...•¦" ¦'. ¦•':.;';;
ARCHDEACON WEBER
DELIVERED AN ADDRESS
REMOVED TO HIS
LAST RESTING-PLACE
The auditorium, parlors and gymnasium
of the Yoiing Men's Christian Association
wore crowded yesterday afternoon and
evening, in honor of the New Year. Th«re
was an informal reception in: the parlors
of the association at 2 o'clock and at 3:^o
there was an athletic: exhibition In the
gS-mnapium end In the evening a musical
and literary entertainment was gi\en in
the auditorium. • .' ¦¦¦ oiillj-t--
At the noon hour Archdeacon Pcrcj c
Weber; who is favorably known _as the
"Moody of the Episcopal Church, del y
ered an entertaininir talk to men. ; ,»e.
pave them some sound advice for the New
Year and made a strong appeal to . his
listeners to follow it. . =
During the informal reception in the
parlors the following numbers were ren
dered: . ;¦ :
Mualc. Columbian Orchestra: mandolin and
cuita- duet. "U Grande puchesse (OfTen
bach) the Misses Theresa and Lily- Sherwood;
association male chorus. A. A. Mac.urda. direc
tor; mandolin and guitar duet. "Marche de
Taiinhauser" (Wagner), the Misses bherwood.
The exhibition in the gymnasium was
under the direction of G. A. Maltern, act
ing physical director. The programme
consisted of the following numbers:
Music Columbian Orchestra; dumb bell drill.
clap»; cannon ball feats. Georre Baker; club
Rinsing. E. Spacher: horizontal bar. C.
Stewart, leader; parallel bars. A. volKt. leader;
Ride horse. V. Dearborn, leader; mat work.
C Stewart, leader; potato race, class; back
JumpinK H. Mattern. leader; high Jumping.
H Wilson, leader; catch-aB-catch-can .wrea
tllnif. T. W. Rhodes and O. Israun; ground and
ladder pyramids, clas^; tug of war.
In the evening the Chicago Novelty
Quartet William A. McCormlck and
Thomas' W. Hlckey entertained a large
audience with songs, recitations, Imita
tions and legerdemain. ... „
Th« mission preached by the Yen. Percy
C Weber, archdeacon of Milwaukee, be
gan at the Church of the Advent Sunday
night On Monday there was a solemn
celebration at 9:30 a. m.. the Rev H Par
rish. celebrant, the Rev. W. H. Ratcliffe.
deacon, the Rev. H. B. Monges. sub
deacon The mission will continue for ten
days. At the evening services Archdeacon
Weber will preach a course of sermons
on "Ten Characteristics of Christianity."
Many people from Berkeley, Alameda
and Oakland, as well as from this city,
are attending the mission to hear the
"Moody of the Episcopal Church. On
Saturday, the Feast of the Epiphany,
there will be a solemn celebration at 9:30
a. m.
Charles J. Church wan buried from his
late residence, IX?4 Fulton, street, yester
<lay f afternoon, with -'simple but solemn
services. Although the: funeral, was to.
have been; strictly private, so many
• rienas of the. deceased came to- "pay thejr
last tribute to hjs memory that the house
was not large enough to aecoramodat*
therri-: . Many, tloxal pieces, were scattered
through the: rooms, and when they were
removed; to Mr. Church's last resting
place- in the: Oddfellows' Cemetery two
wagons were required to carry them.
Rev. Robert Mackenzie of the: First
Prfsbvterian Church preached a short but
touching ?trmon at : the residence, and
his assistant. R^v, Dr. Postman, read the
burial service at the grave. The pall
bearers were:; James Lrjggie. Harry T.
Lally. Robert Hi; Blake. R. Stevenson.
Samuel Hendy, George Emmons. George
F. Becker and Frank Sherman. The de
ceased was Interred in the Gummer plat,
his widow formerly being : Miss Lilian
Gummer. ¦ • ¦?;¦• . •-'.¦¦ . : ; ,' ...
Special -Dispatch to .'The' Call.
.PASADENA; jJaiilj I.— The .eleyerith an
nual tourrameht of roses of the Pasadena
Tournament' of Roses . Association .was.
held to-day under; bright, clear, sku.s. and
with • abundant .: facilities: .for -'flowers : an<i
greenery and .for. decorating purpose's.: .It.
was: therefore, despite"; the' fact that . rain.
had beeri fe.are : d, one of the- most success-;
ful • tournaments ever ¦ held .'and Attracted
perhaps" more, attention, than.- ever! before
because- Los Angeles. Santa' Barbara, .San
Diego' and other ' places have, this year
foregone 'festivals of a somewhat.. -sinViiar
nature. The crowds ;. that. ;thr.6hged the
streets; to-day were estimated, at irom ten
to i v.enty thousand. .¦....:¦ : : .' : = . ?
The parade formed ;on South Orange
Grove and Grand avenues and on side
streets and started to move at 11 o'clock.
At its head was William Woodbig, the
herald, with a long bugle tQ.announce the
coming of the procession. He was arrayed
in purple ?iik. Following him came City
Marshal \V. S. Lacey and four mounted
police. They were followed by the Pasa
dci'.a Tournament of Roses Association
iiU.cials, President H. R. HertCle and Di
rector General Martin H. Wright, mount
ed on prancing steeds. The costume of
jthc- oflieers was biack coats and vests,
white trcli.sers, yellow and blue tourna
rm nt color ties, black patent leather k g- j
gihgs;- white felt huts with yellow and
uiue rlbDona. The Americus Club Band
inarched m-xt, leading the Americus Club,
one hundrtd strong, in marching order
under command oi Major James 'H.
Campbell: Tho Americus Club dress is
white duck wlih yellow trimmings and
yellow: leggings.
Major Genera) William R. Shafter, Brig
adier General H. G. Otis and Mayor
George Pktton in carriage decorated with
Mowers ami smllax and the American flag
also participated. General Shafter. arr
rived early this morning from Los An
geles 111 the parlor car, Poppy, and dined
ni this city, intending to remain to dc-liver
;i lecture on Cuba to-morrow night. Comr
puny. 1 acted as military escort: and fol
lowing were ex-Governor Markha'm and
Dr. Norman Bridge with shafter's staff.
The Pioneer Society was represented by
Colonel Jabez Ban-bury and A. Rosenbaum
in: tho latter's decorated trap. Eques
trians were numerous and their showing
was good. Much attention was attracted
by three daintily dressed young ladies, ac
companied by young men. on Shetland
poi:!es, all with saddles and bridles inter
woven with bunting, flowers ami smllax.
The Los Angi-les Chamber of Commerce
entered with an eight-ln-hand tally-ho, in
which, were seated Secretary Frank Wig
gins and a number of the members of the
board. They wore light straw hats with
white ribbons of silk. Red and crimson
geraniums and Bmilax were used to-dec
orate the box ami accoutrements of the
tally-ho. They carried a banner of white
and gold inscribed with the name of the
organization.
The tally-ho of the Pasadena High
School portrayed the Idea of a royal hunt
of past days. The costumes were in tho
school colors— red and white. First rode
Eddie McCament on a white horse, and
following him the herald, Van Marston.
also on a white horse and carrying a
bugle. The three outriders as knights
followed. They were dressed in Ellz
bethan style, one carrying a basket of
rose petals to throw at the crowd by all
the outriders. Six white horses drew the
tally-ho, the decorations of which were
in crimson and white carnations, gera
niums and smllax. Upon the side of each
6eat was a large crown in white carna
tions, with a crimson background. The
rear of the tally-ho was banked with
flowery. The young ladies were gowned
in white, with capes of white trimmed
with scarlet. Their hatr was dresaed high
and powdered, and they wore crowns
of scarlet carnations. Black patches
were on their faces to carry out the Eliz
bethan fashion. White parasols decor
ated with scarlet ribbons were carried
and also bows and arrows to shoot flow
ers at the spectators. Two little pages
were in attendance, and the outriders
that followed led a pack of hounds. The
following young ladles rode in the tally
ho: Miss Josle Stokes, Miss May Moore,
Miss Mamie Moore, Miss Gertrude Cook,
Miss Callle Locket, Miss Hazel Trapha
gen. Miss Mary Shibley. ; Miss Fanny
Furman, Miss Etta Stonehouse and Miss
Alice Johnson. The outriders w^re: Sib
ley Brown. J. Kinnean and Delmar Rey
nolds. The pages were: Elrich Rice, Fos
ter Van Sicie, H. Smith and Bentori
Knight.
Other slx-in-hands nnd four-tn-hands.
equally as well designed, were those of
Hotel la Pintoresca, Throop. Institute and
the Wilson Grammar School. Among the
300 bicycles in line were many striking de
signs: Some of the ponies and tarts were
very beautiful, as were the double and
single rigs. Three bands made music for
the events and In the afternoon furnished
concerts at various points.: :
Among thp prlzps awarded were to the
Chamber of Cnmmerrc for: the excellence
of its display; La Plntoreaca Hotel for
the best four-ln-hand: Woodmen of the
World for the best float: Thrnop Poly
technlc Institute for it he. best educational
display other than by public school. :
In ' the' afternoon there wero sports
south of ¦ town. In which Ranchmen con
tested for prizes. .. .
Scx>msaslea^ of
? His Fligbt^^^^^
KID McCOY GETS BACK INTO
THE CHAMPIONSHIP CLASS
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's . Swamp-Root, the won-
derful rjew discovery in nvedical science,
fulfills every wish in promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
rheumatism and pain in the back. It
corrects inability to hold water and
- scalding pain in passing it. or bad ef-
fects ..'following use Of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and; to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary, effect of Swamp-
ftoot is -soon realized. ,Jt stands the.
highest for its wbpderful cures o£ the
most distressing cases. . •/• , :
If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in 50-
cer.t and Jl sizes: You; may have a
sample bottle of th'" wonderful new
discovery and a book : that tells all
about it and its great cares, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Bin»<namton. N. T.
When writing mention that you read
this generous offer 'n the San Fran-
riseo : Daily Call. ; " :¦- =- : ¦ ¦'
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALIij TtIE^PAY^ JANUARY 2, 190O;
MARY BELL GWIN IS THE
BRIDE OF JAMES H.FOLLIS
I >Cl^S<** o **Vsi<B rpmwly for Ucnorr!..e*.
Gleot. Sp»tmalorrb*s
¦^Sjr v H»U»r«-T2l w hStea. annatural •!:>.
CSr%3j Gi»r»a*T,i y rhar?i-». or any bS.-nm-vi
K*»a noi to mrictmn. tioa. irrlrasion or uioerae
fp—~%rnrtatM gaotaglon. t!cn r< mjcom m-n»-
f??VHEEnH3CH£M'PitC3. bT *°**- Son-nslTiiuoat.
VfiAs:!«a««»ri.o.^sJ SoUS ** i>t»*jcu«*,
wfSi*^ C " a. !22j °* srct ta n wrapper.
Jt»*j»-«S^* ~ b7b 7 eirrrss. prepaid. ti4
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA niTTEITS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health anil
strength -to sexual organs. Depot. 322 Market.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
MADE-TO ORDER SUITS: |
Sack Suits. ;'.•.;'.'.-. .:^5..U. ..".^; .;$15.50 i
Frook !?utts-..'... ¦......'.•.•.;. ..«.;j...v.".'; --.r.t) j
Prtnoe- Albert Sults.v..-....V:..;...V.: 1 . 25.CM) !
Full Dress 5u1ta.....^......!.^....;.'. 4IMM) '
Overcoats ...:;....;..;.......:.,;.;:.,.. i:O.«M) ;
Pants '?>'.•...>............' ?..., 4^>O j
: -W- : !>v'- : ' :.-BIG--:-:;.: .-BIG--:- : ;. : r':":-;:- v :-i
W£& >: REDUCTION ¦ ¦¦-¦¦; :¦ i
rsfm*\ first-class; ..-I
OW§ \ GAR ™ S ; ¦:• •¦•: ¦¦!
'^ mm :y-''"-VV'*T*'^" Take a<ivanta*e- of i
'Z%.^*_.--*-jjft thls obocrtunlty. •; . ]
.'; I^T / JOE POHEIM!
\ /. The Tailor. I
\ %y%%%% £ ; 1110-1112 Market St.. 1
x£: '''¦¦*' ¦''. /-n* 2ni-3<ij llt-inti'brnerj'St.. !
>teT^J3pt;V % •¦SAM FRAN'CISCQ. j
\^r ; ' ::1 v ' :| - hi " : -" •" St,, i
OAKLAND.. ¦ ; . i
Dr. Meyers & Co.
Men only. Pay when well. No In-
curably cases ta'<«»r>. fid vice and pri-
vate booK fr»e. offics or mall, iiome
cures. Lette conf ldarjtlcl. 731 *h.ar\zK
St.. S. F- TaKe elevator to third floor. !
™^^T]GE?fTLES!EN, v vV j> : ;;
roft THF "Phroso iirg; Co.. Ee-
rORT " I nlcja. CaK - tlentlemen^
pauni •VIAU Int>l 'sed rtnd P. .p.. money..
•"'" M—v'"lM — u '" 1 which please setid ny- ona.
• v^J_; _,„, . bpttle « Phrosp ( flesh/.
TWO TIVTS It Is the best remedy but ¦
FLESH/* WHITt of »o° ut te " 'hat I havot
mJntmrti- M vt ,J u?ed. after tha-yirtg;,-- as
tPHRQSOt PHRQS0 MfCXO. th* akin on ray face l»
* OtNIOA.CAL very soft.: Ke-apectfully'.
Ivnum. A. NEL3ON:" :
visi* OR- JORDAN'S great 4
HUSEUM OF fISATOHYf
;';' : . fob ¦;; lCSHfiTin? Str tat- fti«7th. S.T.Ca i
' *TT ' *^*'* Ljrjte^t Anatomical Miurmn in' the V
!\^ ' Wwd We«ner>.e< -or. any crntracted m
¦^**^ iS) d;vs<t p»-^i«i»^ljr«»r»^ r>y th<- ciiesl T
jnC £?| tpccialr tf m the tu^.t Est. 36 ycax<- 9
fl^t?l 08- JORDAN-PRIVATE OfSEASHS 4
5 (CSf^B Cnnviltation fr»- and *trirtty r^»» \
E x*w n T " ' mm * nt p*" oo3 ' vnr b »" '¦"<¦'¦ a J
¦ flr H Por.tiv* Cut* in e»ery ease undertaken. T
B .'/ II & WrwiT P.". k. rnu.ostipuii wt A
9 J : p sahbucr, ««ilbd b-k&b. uf
A It valuable beck for men) :¦....'..- -A
Da JOKOA.V * f«> .. 1051 Marfeet Ht.SL R V
3
J. W. HOLLO WAY.: .'Xirrsefil Kitchener - ; is. reported to have said it will
take, a year towhip the Boers, and that when he gets
tiV SViuth.Af.ric;a\r;e:'vciU ict about teaching the British
I<V 'p/i:. slow:., but it ?poks as. If Kruger will have given
th?nt>nqugh Je*sons;on that subject before Kitchener
. ¦•vH..t.heTe:be'no:otb<r'way"ol settHhg the disptte over
<h«* . tetixiiry : snarU '"!t> friifjht:"be - well -for Bryan, to iri
rh:de^t;arh6rng the -issues of his platform this year and
Ts-t the-people :rote : On jt. •'- :. ..:'•' ".
.•lf our ' "esteem td Contemporary, .the. Congressional
Rrcofd.; had the^enterprisetb' illustrate its reports with
kodak vievnv if would get an . unsurpassed reputation
rs a comic, weekly.- / •".'.¦' ;.' - :
Court Washington.
Next Thursday night Court Waahlngw
ton. Foresters <?f America, will celebrata
the tenth anniversary. of Its Institution by
tha Installation of its officers and then by
a banquet at one of tha prominent Frenca
HUMANE EDUCATION.
THE Zoophile,. a Trio nth ly periodical published In
San Jose: as the official . organ of the Humane
Education Association, has reached the third
number and promises to become one of the most suc
cessful papers of its class in the country. It is con
ducted under the management of a strong board of
directors/ among whom are included David Starr Jor
dan, Dr.Dille,. Hon. Thomas J. Kirk, Mrs. Nellie
Blessing Eyster and Miss -E. M. Gay.
The; Importaiice of humane education i 3 . much
greater than, is; generally supposed. In a' recent ad
dress on the : subject Miss Gay cited some striking
facts showing the results of such education in various
European countries. It appears from these statements
that France long ago discovered that teaching chil
dren kindness to animals not only made them more
kind to animals, but also more kind to each other,
hence it was introduced into the French schools and
the Minister cf Public Instruction ordered publica
tions to be circulated free of cost in order that this
important branch of instruction. might not be neglect
ed. In England generalattention was called to one
public school in London . where in the course of
twenty, years 7000 pupils were carefully trained in
kindness to animals, and during this time, which
would make, some of these boys men of 25 and 35, not
one of them was even arrested for a criminal offense,
proving this teaching to prevent crime as well as cru
elty. Russia, Germany, Norway and almost every
other European nation has Experimented with this in
struction until it ha& become a matter of statistics that
humane education lowers the criminal record. '.
The Zoophile will do. rhuch ,to spread such educa
tion in California and throughout the Pacific Coast,
and it is therefore gratifying to note jt has a bright
prospect of success. »If merits a liberal support, for
it is well conducted and is 'interesting and instructive
In. many wayr , . "
Special .' Information supplied daily >
business bouses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mem-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 -< •'.".
BEATITUDES AND THINGS.
/T OMMENTING upon the Hoar ; resolutions,
I which set forth what the Senator regards as
:V""^->"tbc "principles upon which our : Government
ought to deal with Cuba and the Philippines; the Bos
con Herald says they are regarded; by: his fellow Sen
ators as moderate, and it adds most of them will sup
port the resolutions provided they have; the liberty
of interpreting them as they understand them.. '¦•.
That being, the situation,: it will be interesting to
consider what interpretations can be put upon them.
The Senators are : not talking just now, ;but the jingo
papers are, and xve can learn from their utterances
enough to enable us to form some idea of what is
likely; to be said by the ; imperialists in the Senate
when the resolutions come up for discussion. •
The 1 Herald itself does not. think there will be much;
of a debate, and quotes apprbvingly a prediction of
its Washington correspondent that: those parts, of the
resolutions which have any bearing .on thic Philippine:
question ..will be referred to the Committee on ..Phil
ippine Affairs and;will be. "smothered there."'
The Baltimore American says the j resojutibni
"might be called insidious were hot the.tohe and
| purpose rriade clear by a careful reading of the sev
j eral part?." It then goes" on. to s?.y: . "As a new
j declaration of independence it is rather flat." Fur
| thermore it adds: "The Philippine insurrection . is
rot a case for a new declaration of independence^ It
calls for greater activity on the part of the army."
Taken as a whole the commentary of the American
differs from the resolutions inasmuch as the tone and
purpose of it are not made clear by a careful reading
of the parti?, but; its interpretation seems to.be that
Senator Hoar wrote a declaration, of independence
which is not a declaration of independence, and,
moreover, even if it be a declaration of independence
it is flat and untimely. . ;"•¦. .;
The New York Post says the resolutions '"have, a
somewhat disconcerting air of proposing to enact the
moraj law over again and to give the Beatitudes the
force of a public statute," but it expresses the hope
i that the Senator's speech on the subject 'will' be .more
j explicit. and to t Tie point. So it is evident the Post
did not jrive to the various parts that careful reading
j which, ¦ according to the American, would have
cleared up the tone of thr whole.
The New York Times says the "resolutions will be
, read with varied emotions, but .the 'general judgment
From the present outlook it appears the Presidential
election this year will hardly be more than a. ratifica
tion of Republican prosperity, and a three, months'
season of marching and hurrahing in celebration. of it!
AUCTION SALES.
: By C"ha*e & Mf-nJenhail— Thi» day, at 11 o'clock. Van Kesi
Stabfes. at t!9 Van Ne»» avenue.
who will win two?" to which his antago
nist replied. In the language of Shakfa-.
peare, "Aye. there's the- rub," and tben
followed "let's ; play the rubber." . ThH.
however. Is only a newspaper story pub
lished many years ago,: but not authen
ticated. You will find •'rubber" as used :n
this sense In the Century and Standard
dictionaries. ¦¦ ' ."¦ ¦':¦¦'¦¦¦ -. ¦; ¦','-¦ .'•'-¦.:•¦:. '.
SQUARE MILE AND MILE BQr ARE—
A Subscriber, Clty T One square mile con
tains 640 acres and one mlla square con
tains exactly the same amount of land,
consequently there is no difference be
tween one square mile and one mile
square.'. ¦: :.-, 1;';-:>1 ;';-:> • ¦ ¦¦ ' ..¦¦;..¦. : -.-. '¦
IN THE TRANSPORT SERVICE— A
Kind Parent. City. A young man who
wishes to work on one of the transports
in exchange for a passage to Manila
should offer his services to the master of
the vessel or apply to the transport board
at 40 Montgomery street. ... ¦ {
WANTS THE AUTHOR— H. E. C. City.
This correspondent wants to know tha
name of the author of the following
stanza: •¦: . .¦[¦¦¦
Slowly, ¦teadlly*' vr*r th» sand*
And over tha rock* they fall and flow; ' • •
And this wave haus touched *. £cad man's hands.
And that on* haa Been a fact w* know.
Can any reader of this department
oblige the correspondent? • ¦•;.-.
MINUTES OF : A MEETIXC3— Bunnia.
City. The rule is laid down by all writ
ers on parliamentary law that it is the
duty of the recording: secretary, with or
without the president or presiding offi
cer of the body; to : authenticate by hia
signature all proceedings of the body.
Minutes of a meeting that do not bear
the signature of the secretary who wrou
them would have no standing. It is nut
a good rule to keep the minute* In rough,
read, them to the body, have them ap
proved and then transcribe . them, as it
gives one who might not be inclined to
do right an opportunity to change tha
minutes, destroy the original and say nt
Rome future time his minutes, bavin «
been . approved, roust.. be correct. The
proper way to do is to have the minutes
of previous meeting* written up In tha
rnmute book and read,, and if there are
any corrections: to.be made or omissions
to be supplied to have such entered aft*-r
the written minutes, and then have them,
as read,- . amended and added to. signed
by the presiding officer in addition to th»
secretary. :. :.'"¦-. • v ,• ¦ . . :: - y. :- :
WELSH CITIZENS
IN NUMBERERS AT
PYTHIAN CASTLE
Festival of Song and
Story.
COMPETITION FOR PRIZES
MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN
IN SPIBITED CONTEST.
"Blyddyn Newydd Dda 1 chwi." That's
not a typographical error; it's Welsh. It
means, "A happy New Year to you," or
words to that effect, and the air of Pyth
ian Castle was full of It yesterday after
noon and last night on the occasion of
the competitive festival under the aus
pices of the Welsh Sabbath schools of this
city and Oakland. A steady downpour
interfered to some extent with the attend
ance, but not sufficiently to mar any part
of the excellent programme or detract
from the pleasures of the gathering. Both
afternoon and evening tha big hall was
comfortably filled.
The festival was planned as a sort of
literary and . musical accompaniment to
the infant 1900, excellence in either de
partment of culture to be rewarded with
gifts intended to stimulate further energy
on the same lines in preparation for the
festival in 1901, which, tha Rev. J. S.
Thomas took occasion to announce, was
the flrst year of the twentieth century,
the Tope and the German Emperor to the
contrary. Puplisof the various Welsh Sab
bath Bchools on this and the other
Bide of the bay, and their elders, had
been invited to compete In essay, recita
tion and song, in Welsh and English, and
the responses were so numerous that ail
the time from 3 in the afternoon till 10:30
at -night, .'with a brief intermission for
tea, was taken up In the delivery and the
adjudication of prizes. The tea was a
dainty meal served in the hall by the
ladies aim was not the : least attractive
oif the. features of the festival.
During the afternoon festival, at which
Rev. R. R. Lloyd of Oakland presided,
the- efforts of the women and children
were put forward for the prizes. The
children were heard in recitation, while
their elders' riot i only wrote essays on the
life of Either, offered evidences of
their skill with the needle. Edwin Morgan
carried off ¦ two. : flrst prizes, one for ex
cellence in' reciting Longfellow's . "Psalm
of Life"' and the: other for "The Orphan
Boy." Little Emma Philipps gained the
award for children under eight years for
her rendering of "A Message." Mother
and: daughter carried off first and second
prizes among the women for essays on
the life of Esther. Mrs. Edwards and
Miss Annie Edwards were the lucky ones.
Miss. Flossie DaVis and Mrs. Bowen got
first prizes for their skill In needlework.
David Lewis was. first with a barytone
solo, "The Village Blackßmith," and
David and Richard Hughes divided flrst
prize for the tenor solo.
Rev. J. S. Thomas of Howard Pres
byterian ; Church presided during the
evening, when the men were straining
their efforts for laurels. There were
many competitors, and the applause until
the close showed- how heartily their ef
forts- Were appreciated. . The Judges, in
spite of the dampness without,, fairly
exuded humor, and their comments on the
performances of the various aspirants for
the bays were decidedly entertaining.
One of the most striking competitions
was that between H. J. Lloyd. T. Philipps
and R. J. Hughes in the recitation in
Welsh. "V Caetwas" (The Slave). Pro
fessor Lloyd, one of the Judges, in mak-.
ing the decision confessed the difficulty he
and his associates had in classing the
candidates. . They had decided, however,
that first honors were evenly divided be
tween Messrs. Lloyd and Philipps, with
R. J. Hughe3 a close second. Mr. Lloyd
had no such close competitor, however,
in his effort, under the norn de plume of
"Student," to capture the first prize for
his essay on character. David Hnghes
was awarded second and Timothy Ed
wards a close third.
David Jones, Henry Griffiths. Pierce
Oven and David Lewis were the con
testants for the. prize .for impromptu
speakinir. The subject was the "Needle."
and most of the gentlemen got stuck al
most Immediately when they handled the
subject. Mr. Lewis was awardM the
prize.
Other prize winners were: Competitive
slnglnjr, first -prize divided between Mrs.
Humphreys and Miss Flossie Davis;
mixed . quartet, Mr. and . Mrs. David
Hughes, Mrs. Humphreys and Ellis
Jones. An . unknown won first priae for
an original po«m on the "Ferryboat."
After the announcement of the last
award. Rev. J. S. Thomas made a short
address in "which he predicted that next
year there' ¦would be dozens of competi
tors where there was only one this year.
He said it was mental discipline that was
needed; Incidentally he took occasion to
say that he was surprised to read of the
lnslsmlflcant reasons given by Presidents
Wheeler of. Bexkelev and Jordan of Stan
ford for football pfayinj? in the colleges.
He denied that the younsr men played
football for the sake of physical develop
ment, and .'averred that it was played
solely and merely for the sake of the
pame. The festival closed with the slnp-
Inp of the Welsh national hymn. "Land
of My Fathers."
. The Judges of the festival were Rev.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheuai— Vaudeville.
: Columbia— •"The Clirlßtlan."
Callfarnla— "V.'lUi Flying Colour*."
TlvxiU— "JUttl* 80-Peep."
Grand Opera-house — ¦"sSlnbad."
Grand Otera^Houwß— Symphony Concert Tbursday afiernocn.
Smdumtj It.
Alhambra — "Flnn'-ean's BalL"
Alcaiar— "Cfcimmi* Fadden."
Chute*. Zoo and Tiseat«r— Vaudeville e<very afternoon and
•venirj.
"Oiympia. corner Mason and EIU« streets— Specialties.
Panorama. H«.tt!e of Manila Bay. Maxket street, near
E.Ehth.
Sherman -Clay HaJl— Pachmann ReoltaL Thupeday aTter-
coor,.
Western Turf Ass.:>clat!on races to-day.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AM> STATIONERY.
TffESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
$43 to 150 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY,
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
f C WIT SflV !( CO ** B*«ery Btr««t.
J- V. " ILJUiI tt CU'f Telephon* Mala IS6*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES &CO | h 'PI» ln l Butchers. 104
JAJ- l>»lLJft VVm Clay. Tel. Main 1294,
FURS. ~
J N I OFSTAD 14 Kwmy •*- »prt«"» LatMt
j. a. mrjiAu, tty i^ pneaik wmod . llnfc
IRON FOUNDERS. ~
WESTERN FOUNDRY, K a s * *£*
PAPER DEALERS.
WULAMEnE *™
PRINTING
E. C HUGfTES, roa sgg?g:,. y
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
T * l gaSS? te PARTRIDGE Ic * c^?*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ?£ E gJ{i
I market. Ottco aad yW« AUla .tr^ v
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GREEN AND LAVIGNE-^Seorge Green
and George ("Kid") Lavlgne never fought
In San Francisco.. The two are not In the
same class. •¦•-. .'_'¦'¦' . . -
A NOTE— Constant Reader. City. Action
on an instrument In writing In the State
of California must bei commenced within
two years If -the note or. obligation was
executed in the State, and four years If
executed out of the State* On a prom
issory note the time of limitation runs
from the time the note becomes due* .
JAMES GORDON BENNETT-^jr. B.'K..
City. James Gordon Bennett, son of Ben
nett, the founder ot. the New York Herald,
was born in the city of New York on tha
16th of May. IS4I. He lives most of the
time in Paris. France, but by means of
cable communication keeps a close and
live management of the New York Hsrald,
of which he is the. sole proprietor.
DECRIPTION OF COUNTY— L. R. G.,
Oakland, Cal. The question asked as to
what the cost would be for "two hundred
copies In booklet .form of an Illustrated
description of a county", is one that can
not be answered without a knowledge of
what amount of printed matter is io t>e
printed, number anVJ kind of Illustrations,
etc. ,iou had better call on some print-
Ing house and state exactly what you
want and obtain an estimate.
RUBBER AT CARDS— O. C M.. Palo
Alto. CaL A "rubber" at cards is a lim
ited series of games, usually three, as at
whist, in which the contest is decided by
the winning of the' greater number of
games; also the decisive game in such a
series. It is said that the word had its
origin In some one, whose name has not
been handed dewn, saying at a game of
cards, isow wfc have each won a earns.
MODEL OF EXCELLENCE
Concord . -Transcript ¦ •-.- ••
The San Francisco Call Issued a splendidly
edited and Illustrated Christmas number,
handsomely printed on elegant book paper.
It was a model .of excellence.. ¦ ! -
Ko n«w year"* tahl* U compl«t« wlthoot s
bottle of t>r, Blerert's An»ostur» Bitter*, th*
grreat South American tonic of exqutslt* fi*Tor>,
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK* Jan; I.— A-: E. Sackllng of
Ban Francisco Is at the. Grand; W. : 'lL.
Hlght of San Francisco Is at. the Veiidoine,
Now, if Huntington will hurry up and ifihlsh that
gap in the Coast. Road ; before the end of the year Cali
fornia will have; a 1900 record to be proud of, for
everything else is mdvirigTight along. . ;
Billed by a Coal Wagon.
F. P. Heath died in the City and County
Hospital yesterday mornlr.ff from Injuries
received last Saturday evening by being
rUn over by a coal wagon driven by Joha
Leslie* An inQuest will b« held to-mor-
row. Leslie has been arrested.
Townsend's California Glace Fralts 5Pa
Ib. In fire etched ''boxes of Japanese ba.T-
kets. Will move to 735 Market Oil Feb. 1,
then back to 633 Market. Palace HoteL •
¦ Quillet's . Ici Cream and Cakes. 905 Igarka
«t.: teL Eait 198. . .:.. :: ••::.:: *
Calendars, diaries, journals and mem-
orandum books for 1300. Sanbom. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. . •
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. K. M. Lundberg; of Merced 1» regis
tered at the Palace...-; y ;.; ; ;-. : -
Emlle R. Abadls Is registered at the
Palace from New York. . ; . . i /
Rev. G. W. Cutting of Santa Row 1»
registered at the Occidental. - ;,.:;• ¦ ; ¦
Mr. and Mrs. ': George F, Mllllken . are.
registered at the Occidental from New
York. . . ¦:,'¦'[¦:. '- ;'?:•::•¦ -V- ' ' ' •¦-"' : ¦-¦".¦'¦:¦-.':'¦¦
D. H. McCluire, a traveler from London,
is at the Palace, ; where: he! arrived last
evening. •' :;': ; /-*: ¦; ¦•¦'.;¦¦:¦.': ; .'.'.:¦ ...¦•
Dr. H. S. Hlli. on» of th» leading
medical men of Seattle^ la registered at
the Grand. ''¦;: \:' : : :'\-' ¦ . .-•¦ . • '.¦¦.;¦"
Among the recent arrlvajs at the Grand
are Dr. and Mrs. ,W. Wi. Griffiths of Man
chester, N. H.: 1 ;.:/;:;' •:¦."¦/.. • : . -. ?-:; ;
Douglas 5. .-'] Cona. a \ : banker of Red
Bluff, is among th«: arrivals of yesterday
at the Palace. ,; ': ¦'¦.'; --• ' . ;"¦.-.:• .-.
T. J. Field. aMontwrey capitalist, la at
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and two children..: .;..'.; ;= . '";- ¦:¦'•;.'•'.
E. 8. Farrlngtbn. a prominent, attorney
of Seattle, Is staying at; the Lick while on :
a short visit to thia cdty. : : • . ; : : '. ; ..
James M. Gcirdan^a ¦wealthy mine owner
of Big Oak Flat; Is, among /the guests who
arrived at the : Occidental last evetting. i
NOW. FOR OAKLAND.
THE success of the panhandle proposition in
this city has stimulated public spirit in Oak
land. The victory of the Ebeil ladies in raising
the means to buy and present to the city a site for
the public library has had its effect upon that city
favorable to a larger eri'ort for public enterprise.
Looking upon Oakland in the light of its natu-al
advantages it would seem that the people of that city
owe to themselves the duty of immediate acquisition
and progressive improvement of a park system. A
large tract of land, splendidly situated for a park, was
donated to Los Angeles, but the people appear to have
r.inched from the cost of its improvement and are ask
ing the Federal Government to take it oft their hands
and use it for an experiment station. This is poor
public policy. The large size «f a park tract should
stimulate rather than appall public spirit. Good man
agement wouid require that the whole tract should be
subjected to a survey by a compejent landscape engi
-I'.ecr, ?rid that the/reduction o: the whole to treat
ment, for park purposes should not be attempted at
ence, but 'should proceed by intelligent stages, as
. ha-s been the- policy in handling Golden Gate Park
.aHd.ail' other large parks in this country.
•.•J/rtvsomc. quarters the acquisition of park property
in Oakland :has been antagonized for the same reason
tjrat\"p"iiraiyze(i : ' L^os Angeles. But it is an objection
uahout reason:'-; There- is; 'no doubt that Oakland
;cse<ls' to .begiii : - v.ith:.fhe .acquisition^. for park purposes,
•oiihe >.-farsjr isriil on her 'western border.. It offers
••••¦¦¦•'• •-.* : ,.'" : ,•¦¦•¦ •'•• :'r ¦ ¦",¦ «
jan. tuuisual. .opportunity of. extraordinary aqvantage
ta^place a^paric- where, all .travel; sees it, and where, as
•the city's .-front' Uiwr)'.- if witl.be a most attractive fea
•ture -or lncalculable: .value -to the: ' -whole city. If it
i;avie ' liqiilc^rid- cohhectiah with the water park at
jlk'ke 'Mrrritf arid .an elevated she in the foothills
: 'thtre- is .hoih.it: g; fhjit can equal it- as a park system
"Lnd fa j! steady/ promoter of real estate values. The
.j .cople-i-of Oakland, should not forget that opportuni
¦¦tves ibrget- these" *:rnprovements are infrequent. The
faybfali'e state, of the public mind = does not often oc
.c-iir: anfl if' this' chance it Jost it will be long before
".r.iioiifeT appearsr If a heavy issue of bonds be made
¦f/«-\'otlier. p.urpo<e3. : public feeling exhausted in that
ViTntt'" will-rixn-s6.on rally again. San Francisco has
riobe very in putting the panhandle extension
•first' arhorig :ihe" enterprises which signalize her
?.wa.keriini:r:.llJEt jOalcland be as *nse.
.'= Other sphenS>s;.of: municipal ownership ia Oakland
riay..^>'l yfzii upon the new. charter which her people
;cbntcc^Tate : . T>ui: .provision for parks need not wait
f6r anything.* Jtjs doubtful if any sum that could be
jjftf.jjpw; as'a^borjd issue, would suffice for the pur-
••¦has*- of a w-atVr supply and the piping and distribu
tion <sf*-trre-*ame to the rate payers, bo while we by no
means flisc.otlrage the aspirations of the people of our
fisterl'oty for ownership of their own waterworks,
'¦'rey. frjould- rfWefnher the extent of their water con
<:;'!7»s>jiori aird 'the cost of securing it independent of
-thi? ;oors?orate ;supply now. furnished. Whatever evils
: rtetid ;the\ present system may well be borne in pa-
V'fHce '.while k.?p}?ndid park. system is projected which
-\vill : . attract ; thousands of home-seeking investors,
*v;hosfe. Impnbyem'ents will eventually be cast Jn the
VsJan.ce'wiien a: municipal. srit-er supply is determined
CENTURY CLUB
ENTERTAINMENT
Architect Benard Guestbf
Honor -at Ne\y Year
Reception.
The stars and stripes and tha tricolor
mingled their folds In tha reception hall of
the Century Club yesterday afternoon and
formed a fitting background for Mr. and
Mrs. Benard, who were the guests of honor
at a Xew Tear's: reception of the club.
Drawing rooms and reception hall were
placed at the disposal of the large gather-
Ing and fittingly decorated with holiday
wreaths, berries and greens. About five
hundred Invited guests were presented to
the distinguished. Frenchman and ilia
charming wife. : ... ••
Mrs. Frank J. Bynames,, president of the
Century Club, received ..the guests, and
in her pleasant duties she had the assist
ance of the following ladles: Mrs. Gebrgp
Oulton, Mrs. John F. Finn, Mrs. Rosalie
Kaufman, Mrs. Fred G. Banborn^ Mrs.
Warren Gregory. Mrs. Edward P. Farns
worth. Miss Agnes Lowry. Mrs. Charles
W. Slack, Miss Kate F. Hutchlnaon. Mrs.
D. W. Montgomery, Mrs. B. W. NeWhall,
Mrs. H. B. Royce, Mrs. Louis Sloss and
Mrs. J. K. Wilson... ¦",' '¦¦:'¦ V :.•; •
Owen Jones, Professor Jt. R. Uoyd and
Rev. Moses Williams; Oakland; Rev. J.
S. Thomas. W. S. Jones. \V. ' Rowlands
and Mrs. Dod^e,' San Francisco, and J, J.
Morris of Palo Alto. Robert Davtes was
secretary- Miss Davis of this city rw&A
accompanist.. . "..¦•.',.. \- : •'¦ ¦¦ ¦ . : ...-..'
A PROPOSED FRUIT-GROWERS' UNION
AT the recent convention in San Jose of the fruit
growers of the State one of the subjects dis
. cussed with most interest was that of forming
some sort of an association by. means of which the
growers could market their crops to better advantage
than at present- It was determined to call a larger
gathering of the fruit growers of the State for the
purpose of devising means toward accomplishing the
object, and a committee was appointed to make the
necessary arrangements and issue the call. The com
mittee has acted and a convention has been called to
meet in San Jose on the 15th of this month, at which
time plans for the desired association will be submit
ted for consideration.
In the call for the convention It Is 6tated that the
trend of thought at present is toward. an association
with a membership without capital stock, under the
co-operative law. of 1855. It has been . further sug
gested by the president of the Raisin Growers' Asso
ciation that the deciduous fruit men should form two
associations, one of the producers of prunes and dried
truits and the other of green fruit growers. These
suggestions, of course, will be subjected to the con
sideration of the convention and possibly may be set
aside for -other plans that will appear more satisfac
tory to the majority.
Upon the expediency of the main issue of forming
an association sufficiently strong to assure the grow
ers a fair price for their crops there is seemingly no
difference of opinion. The success which has attend
ed the Raisin Growers' Association, while not all that
is desired, is still sufficient to encourage the orchard
men to follow the example of the vineyardists.
The circumstances of the time are propitious to the
undertaking and some form of association ought
not to be long delayed. In his address at the recent
convention upon what has been achieved for the rai
sin growers by co-operation President Kearney, after
pointing out the success of Jthe movement, said:
''This year the crop is estimated at 2700 carloads of
ten tons each, and with organization we have raised
the price of unpacked raisins from last year's figure
of 3 cents to within a fraction of 5 cents a pound, or
in two years from I cent to nearly 5 cents. At this
price there have already been shipped out and paid
for 2200 carloads; 150 cars of the remainder are sold
on time orders and the remaining 350 cars are under
contract of sale and will be paid for by January 15
next, thus closing up the growers' business on a cash
basis within four months from the beginning of har
vest, and for the first time.in the history of the indus
try; Mainly as a result of this success the savings
banks report that the growers are rapidly paying off
their mortgages; traveling men say that Fresno, the
center of the raisin district,. is. one of the most active
business places in the State, and real estate agents say
that "the value of Fresno town property has increased
50 per cent within two years, with free sales, and that
vineyards! which two years ago could not be sold for
$100 to $150 per acre now find willing purchasers at
$250 to $375. per acre,'!-." . . ; ¦ ¦"¦'.
There is no apparent reason. why 4ruit growers may
nbt achieve as much for themselves as has been done
by the raisin men. The coming convention, there-.'
fore, ought to be largely attended and animated by a
sanguine spirit of : hopeful and helpful co-operation.
It vvotild.be of vast advantage indeed if the work of
uniting and organizing could be carried on with suffi
cient vigor to form an association . in time to handle
and market the: crop of the coming season.
Several times during : the Christmas holidays the
Boers have : been dropping shells stuffed with plum
pudding into beleaguered Ladysmith. Next thing we
kuow they will be dropping oysters on the half-shell.
I •UESDAY'.i.'i'.Iy.;.,'. .;:;..;.. JANUARY 2, 1900
.JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
. Address All Communications toW. S^LEAKE, Manager
VI IJLICATION OFFICE... Market «»d. Third. 8. B".
; Telephone Main ISGS.
CDITOHI.iL BOOMS. .... .217 to 211 Bterenion St.
Telephone Main 1874.
. Delivered tor Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Weelt.
: . ..' Stnarle Copies. 5 Centa.
Term* fey Mall. inrlndlDK Postages
IHILTCAIX (Including Sunday), one j-ear. .f 6.00
DAILY CALL (Incltidinar Sunday). 6 months. . 3.00
DAILY (U.I. (InrlnJlui; Mmtlay), 3 montli*. . 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month Orw-
M NDAY CALL One Year 1.00
WIiEKLV CALL One Year ... 1.00
All poktzn&atera are anlhorlaed to receive
anbscrlptlon*.
Mimple copies will be forwarded when reaneated
OAKLASD OFFICE;. .. . . »O8 Broadiray
'.: -¦'. C. CCORGG KBOO\ESS,
SUBiser Forfisi Advertlstnc. Marqnette Bnlld
'•-' Ins:, Cblenco.
XEW YOULK COniIESPOXDETTi
C. C CAIIL.TO* Herald Sqaare
. :' NEW TOUIC REPRESEXTATIVEI
I'L.tltl LLIvENS Jit 2» Tribune Baildins
CHICAGO .NEWS STAXDSI
Sherman Honae: P. O. >evr« Co.; Great North
ern Hold; I'nauHl Honor | Auditorium Hotel.
SEW YORK NEWS STAXDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brenuno, 31 Cnlon
SQiare; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON m. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. BSGUSB, Correspondent.
UUAXCn OFFICES — 5-7 Monteomcrr mtre-*t. eor
rt.-r ( !m, oprn nntil O:UO o'clock. 300 Hayea
acre**, open until Dx3O o'clork. «j:»r» M«AJMater
street, opeu until D(3O o'clock. 615 Larkin
.. '.'street, open until 9130 o'clock. 1041 Mi*nit>n
street. ©p«-n until 1O o'clock. 2201 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.
JOiMi Valencia street, open until :• o'clock.
:'. . lOC Eleventh street, open until O o'clock.
\W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
; : streets, open until O o'clock.
FUTILE BRYANISM.
IT is announced by a member of the Bryan national
committee that during a recent tour in the. South
he found a general sentiment in favor of dropping
free silver in the next national convention and rais
ing other issues. He reported the party to be weary
of thrumming on the same old single string and de
sirous of more varied music. This feeling was dis
closed in the Gulf States and up the Atlantic Coast,
even to North Carolina. As to the candidate, how
ever, he reported the feeling universal that it must be
Bryan. The plan illustrates the futility of the present
plans of the party management. The large indepen
dent and thinking Democratic vote of the country is
left out of the new calculation, and there seems to be
no appreciation of the fact that the voters are divided
into several classes. There are thos,e who follow the
party any way and look to its politicians for reward.
Others look more to political principles than to mere
expedient declarations made by the party. Still others
are moved by consideration of principle and weigh
carefully the character of party leadership. The two
latter classes control elections in this country. .They
are the voters who elected Mr. Cleveland and who
turned and elected President McKinley, and will elect
him again regardless of what platform declarations
may be made by Mr. Bryan's party.
They will do this because of the profound distrust
of the leadership of Mr. Bryan's party. Even this
last proposition proves those leaders to be either
without convictions or to lack the courage to carry
them out. There Is a total lack of what is called char
acter in the Bryan leadership. The politicians who
have charge of Mr. Bryan's party, go up and down
the country jauntily remarking that white is black,
prophesying and predicting, jumping from issue to
issue, out of the frying, pan mt o the fire and back
again, and telling the public that frying pan and fire
are both cold when they are both hot. The great
dividing line of principle between the two parties is
lost sight of by these men. They fail to understand
that the views held by men on either side of that line
meet always at one point, are focused upon one place
and are patriotically intended to accomplish the same
purpose, though by widely different methods. From
the beginning of our party divisions these two schools
of political principles have for the most part sought
the welfare, happiness and prosperity of all the people,
and the issue between them has been upon methods,
not upon the result desired.
The Bryan cult has taught a blind and deaf opposi
tion to everything that is. It began in a platform
attack on the constitution itself. It threatened to
break down judicial protection to life and property.
It menaced the civil service and declared its purpose
to return to that sum of all diseases in government,
the Epoils system in the public service. It shook a
portentous fist at every interest, grudged the success
of the prosperous and called the unthrifty to prey
upon the thrifty. The leaders who made 6uch a fight
and lost it, and have kept on and lost in every elec
tion since, until their party has not a Governor nor
a Senator in the North, are men who do not enjoy
the confidence of the best men in their own party, and
whose ways and purposes are scoffed at and repudi
ated by the independent and thoughtful voter.
Mr. Bryan never had any but a spectacular value
in politics. He paid himself out for all this value
that Aas in him in 1896, and got value received, in
defeat. He put nothing on the political market and
got nothing in return. But he personally enjoyed it
as a boy enjoys playing circus, and being so self
sufneient that he cannot be flattered, has kept him
self before the public, and has only impressed i few
of his part}' to take him at his own estimate of him
self. His oratorical displays are gilded platitudes.
They rank with those articles of household ornamen
tation which are constructed by gilding flour barrels
and pasting lithographs on them, or illuminating soap
boxes and wheelbarrows, "to make home beautiful."
The commonplace among phrases are uttered by
him, with uplifted hand and eye, in tremolo, but. after
all, they are commonplace and non-impressive to any
thinker.
He will no doubt again lead his party through an
eruption of the parts of speech, armed with mullein
stalks, to worse defeat than before, and will then take
his place in the limbo of the forgotten, a speaker who
never gave plain utterance to any great principle, a
leader who never won a victory, a prophet as uncer
tain as a nickel-in-theTslot: machine, and a politician
who was merely a curiosity by reason of;his eyes be
ing set in the back of his head. : - ; ] .''¦¦'
"OOM" PAUL, THE LION-TAMER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.
will be that the Senator is dreaming. * * . * He
wants to give everybody everything, make everybody
na PPi'f abolish sin and suffering and put the world
under the sway of the Golden Rule." It charges him
with "mixing his political philosophy with socialistic
mush," and wishes to know why the Senator deems it
necessary to "put all this flimsy wrapping around the
anti-imperialistic kernel .of his resolutions."
The Commercial Advertiser says: "The general
principles of the omnibus resolution cover as much
ground as the Decalogue and are no more to be dis
puted than the multiplication table." It adds, how
ever, that if it were needful for the American people
to put forth a new declaration of principles no Con
gress would be empowered to do it without a special
mandate,, From that argument it draws the conclu
sion if there be any new principle of government in
the resolutions : they should not be adopted, and if
there bY nothing: new their adoption would be su
perfluous. \'-/-i-.' ¦¦' '• '* ;. ".'V--', ":=.'.V. ; '•-•;?•'¦
Such are the interpretations put upon the resolu
tions by some of the leading papers of the country.
It will be seen they are construed as declarations . of
independence, decalogues, beatitudes and multiplica
tion tables, but : are denounced as irrelevant, imma
terial and impertinent to bur dealings with the Fili
pino.
4THE \A/ORLD»S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to thlt cour»«: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. Russell Sturris, Dr. A. I«.
Frothlngham Jr., Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and ethers.
X. JOHN CONSTABLE.
Bo little has the Frenchman In common
with Great Britain ln the matter of art
it seems strange that an Englishman was
more or less responsible for the' great
change that came over the French land
scape work early In this century -and made
possible the "Barbizon painters," as Is
called the great school of landscape men
who started Into life about the year IS3O
and which completely revolutionized the
manner of work and of looking at nature
then prevalent in France; but It is safe to
say that had It not been for John Con
stable we should have waited some time
for such men as Rousseau, Corot. Dau
bigny, Dupre and the coterie of brilliant
Frenchmen who to-day are so popular and
who are referred to as the "men of
thirty."
John Constable, who was born June 11.
1778, ln East Bergholt, Suffolk County,
England, was the son of a well-to-do
miller, a man with plenty of Intelligence
and common sense, but with little notion
of the fine arts. He had hoped to have
his son enter the church; falling ln that
he desired him to succeed him ln the man
agement of the mill, and so conscientious
was -his child that for a year he tried to
content himself at the trade of the father.
It was not to be, however, for the boy
spent more time watching the heavens
and studying cloud forms than he did ln
looking after the business; though his
knowledge of wind and storm, of weather
possibilities and the like served him in a
way, it was all rather with a view of put
ting his observations down on canvas than
of utilizing them for the turning of the
great sails to produce power for the grind
ing of grain. After awhile he received a
half-hearted permission to follow hla
artistic Inclinations and he filled many
sketch books. Through the assistance of
some friends who were Interested ln him
he secured some paintings to copy, for in
those days most of the students spent
considerable time in making careful tran-
THE VALLEY FARM, BY CONSTABLE.
(In the National Gallery.)
scripts of the work of other men. Draw-
Ing also the figure, he made a. number of
portraits, but his work In this direction
was not destined to. make him famous and
that which remains is only of the moat
mediocre character, not for a moment
comparable with his landscapes. It was,
however, the only sort of work that paid
him anything and his people urged him
to continue. .. ","" : . • " •
Overcoming all. home obstacles, how
ever, he finally went to London just at
the close of the last century, when he was
23 years of age, and he began a serious
course of study in the life classes at the
Royal Academy, of which' the American.
Benjamin West, was president. Con
stable continued meanwhile at his land
scape work, and from the first saw na
ture in a larger, grander- way t*ian the
men about him. He had no patience with
the prevailing manner of. painting, for
most of the men were working ln a
nlggly, highly finished manner, giving
little impression of nature and securing
almost none of her great truths. Theirs
was the manner of Claude and Poussln,
securing all of the faults of these masters
with few of their virtues, and tha pic
tures were composed on conventional
lines, worked out as it were by.' recipe,
according to certain laws. Toe : public
liked this, or at least had been so accus
tomed to It that it resented any de
partures, but It is needless to say that
great art is pot so evolved.
Early in his career Constable bad had
his pictures rejected by the hanging com
mittee of the Royal Academy. He felt
the Injustice bitterly and on one occasion
he took a despised canvas "to '-the presi
dent of the institution; asking him frank-"
\y If he could tell the reason of the re
fueal and to give him. advice as to- what
to. do. West received 'hlih, cordially and
examined the Work carefully; at length he
said: "Don't be discourak.ed, young man;
we shall hear of you again;, you must
have loved nature very much you
could have painted this.". Constable, was
much encouraged by this,' naturally, but
for many years, although, he had: better
luck with the hanging committees, ...his
pictures caihe regular! v back to him. un
sold, and had It hot been, for a few private
patrons,- particularly one. .- stanch ¦ sup
porter. Archbishop Fisher, he would have
had a sorry: time. .:".:. •¦ ;¦ :•
As it was, to. njake. both ends, meet he
Xnade copies: of portraits, for rich people
who desired; dirpllcates.r.and occasionally
he received 1 a .'commlasion 'for an tirlguiai
portrait: • Constable was tall. of. fine .fig
ure and possessed of great jstrengtn. : About
the country, he was knowh-aa. "the harid
eome miller < "; a .name., that has clung to
him even now these many years aif ter his
death. He, excelled /in. feats of strength
and was generally of the-" fine physical
manly type: of >.ari-- Englishman; :There
tame, however. Into his life an affair that
was to cause him jrreat'anxiety and.' fox a
time to impair this splendid health;. and
power. It was the old- story ..and the; wotnr-e
an in the case' was a- Miss .Bicknell: :?he
eventually became his wife, but the: course
of true love In the case, was •; unusually
rough. Her father, aitd -In particular a
rich, uncle, violently opposed the union,
for : and with justice; they.- thought such
•a match at that time quite imprudent.. It
was the occasion of many a heartburn^
and Constable's mother was most inter
ested in herison'B love affairs. Many let
ters passed- between the sweethearts,
formal, dignified epistles, written ln state-
Jv language; as was the/, manner then.
.They seem, >lt must be confessed as we
look at things to-day, hopelessly stiff and
like, examples from . the ready letter
writer. These continued.- however, many
years, and finally love triumphed, for the
pair eloped. : AH was soon forgiven, even
the rich unfcje relentlng".*nd leaving them
at his death a substantial sum.
Constable presently lost his father snd
mother, and receiving- " from the estate
an ample sum of money,, which put him
work, however— that Is, a certain portion
of the public, for there were many discus
sions regarding the remarkable departure 1
in the landscapes of this daring English
man. The contentions had little effect oa
him, however, and he continued on his
way, undisturbed either by praise or
blame. He was prolific and was constant
ly at work, making studies out of doors,
for he had discovered how much the
beauty of the landscape depended on light.
While the other men of hi 3 time were.
working in their studios almost entirely
and getting pictures in low keys, far away
from the real thing ln the open air. ha
secured the scintillation of atmosphere,
the light and shade of nature, with the re
sult that his pictures fairly shone. Hla
greens were not the dirty, opaque tones
that were then the fashion; they had tha
sparkle of summer, the light of dew and
the reflection of the sky. All this seems
obvious and easy now; but then it was a
different matter, and it took the public a
long while to accept it. Constable i-alcl
little attention to the lesser, unimportant
details of nature- He believed in giving
the big aspects of the picture. Sometime!
a trifle brutal, there was nevertheless al
ways a rugged force about his work that
was impressive. He realized, too. that hi
7?fJ< n t dvan f- c of hls tlme - but he had
££&JE hlm3el k*nd " ™s his boast that
posterity would recognize his ability
How true were his prophetic visions may
be known when It is seen how the pfctura
collecting public struggles to *et hi* work
In these days, for his canvasesbrin! e^or-
During his lifetime Constable was never
In any sense a popular painter. His
themes were possibly too simple to suit
tn©. tnsrllsh public, accustomed to arti
ficially composed pictures; or they wera
too artistically conceived to appeal to an
al-around clientele. He was fond of de
pleting great masses of sky forms over
simple stretches of quiet country, and ha
loved to paint the River Stouf which
SSSS P*? 1 , 1113 oM home - Windmills he
Introduced frequently into the landscape
and- one peculiarity of his work was that
he invariably made his preliminary studr
out ©f doors much larg-er than the com
pleted picture, which he flniahed In hit
uaiO Vri; U3 r « verstn * the usual custom of
the artist. -Two such large studies may
AVf>?V n th - e Metropolitan Museum of
Art in New York City. They are called
respectively, "A Lock<on the Stour*' ar£
\ alley f arm." . and though th*v hava
lost.some of their color in the years they
are^flne. sturdy works. He used a palet£
"fnes he kept a canvas a long while in
hi^ Qdl ?, b ,^ or ? J he let !t F° oSt into the
S°3& ' : J .U? ?^ th »t he had his famoua
picture, ; "Waterloo Bridge." some thir
teen, years under consideration before ha
finally pronounced It complete. Two of
M*.^orks.,."The Rainbow" and
mouth Bridge," were presented to -th«
i£rt V t£> lri Parl3 ln 15 9 by a Mr - Alison*
New York City.
Courses of Instruction.
.
Autumn-'Wirrter Ttrrn. IS9S-1909
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular Stnd
les • in- Shakespeare. Tuesdays: Tha
World's Great ArtSats. Wednesdays:
Desk Studies for Glrla and Sho& uncl
Trade Studies for Boys. Fridays: Great
American Statesmen. Saturdays: Home
Science md Household Economy. Th«?sa
courses will continue until February 15
1900. - Examinations will be held at tl*t!r
close as a basis for the gran tins of it:~
tlncates.
beyond the need of potboillnff. he was
enabled henceforth tn paint that whicn
Interested him. In \%V> he was elected an
associate of the Royal Academy, tho'i*"n
up to that time it Is doubtful If ho had
sold a dozen pictures from the exhibi
tions. To the exhibition of 1522 at tho
British galleries he sent what Is now con
sidered his masterpiece and known a*
"The Haywaln." It waa called th*n
"Landscape Noon." and It came back to
his studio at the close of the ihow un
sold. Later a Frenchman bought this and
two other works for the modest turn ot
£270, and the owner aent It to the exhi
bition at Paris, then being held In the
Louvre. It at once created a sensation,
being hunar in the salon of honor, receiv
ing a gold medal from the King. Tha
French Government offered to buy <t. but
the owner refused to Bell it without the
other two. and the negotiations fell
through. Years afterward It came Into
the possession of an Englishman named
Henry Vaughan. Then there waa no lack
of admirers for the work, and he was
offered for it the sum of £10,000. To his
credit be it said that the offer was rv
fused, and in ISBB he presented It to th©
nation. It now hangs In the national gal
lery in London. •;.' % •
The Frenchmen went wild over his
KAISER WILLIAM
TO HIS WARRIORS
S pea k s of Germany's
; Army and Navy.
Bfjeclai Dispatch to Tha Call.
BERLIN, Jan. I.— Emperor William at
the New Year's parade . to-day addressed
the officers of the garrison as follows: . ••
' The first 'day of " the new ¦ creturj' see» ditr
army— in other -words,-, our . peop'.e^-ln '• arms.
gathered around their standards, - kneeling.be-.
lore the Lord, of Hosts': and, verily,. X any one
haa especial reason: this day for bowing 'down
before God it : is :oilr ; army. A glance at pur
standards *uf flees .as' an explanation, for. they
ara the embodiment ot our. history.
In -what- condition did the past century at. Us
dawn find- our army? ¦ The glorious army :of
Frederick th* Great had slept upoh Its laurels,
fossilized amid all the petty detail of plpn clay;
led by superannuated and insufficient generalp,
with officers unaccustomed to useful work, and
lost la debauch, luxury and foolish arrogance.
Our army. In a word, was not e<iual to its
mission, which, indeed. It had forgotten. Heavy
was the chastisement of heaven which over
took It and -fell on our peoplft. . It was cast
Into the dust, the Klory of Frederick VfM ex
tinguished and our standards were broken. In
many lorur years of servitude God taueht our
people to look to themselves, and. under the
pressure of the foot of the proud conqueror,
our people engendered in itself the most sublime
thought that It is the highest honnf to dedi
cate one's blood and purse to the Fatherland
In her army service. Form and life were given
It by my great grandfather; new laurels
crowned the newly created army and its youth
ful banners, but universal military service only
attained Its true significance through our great
departed Bmperor. In his quiet work he evolved
the reorganization of our army in spite of op
position and lsnorance.
Glorious campaigns crowned his work in a
way never expected. His spirit filled the ranks
of our army, even as his own trust In God
bore our troops to astonishing victories. With
this, his own creation, he brought the German
races together and gay« us back long-desired
German unity. It is to him that cur thanks
we due. and. by the help of that army, the
German empire-, commanding respect, haa again
assumed the position assigned to It in the
council of nations. "¦'¦' y; ¦'¦:¦¦
It Is for you, gentlemen, to preserve and em
ploy in the new century the old qualities by
which our forefathers made the army creat.
namely, simplicity and modesty In daily life,
unconditional devotion to the royal service, the
employment of one's whole strength of body
and mind in the ceaseless work of training and
developing our troops, and, even as my grand
father labored for his army, bo will I, In like
manner, unerringly carry on and carry through
the work of reorganizing my navy in order that
It may \>«- Justified in standing by the side of
my land force*, and that by It th» German
empire may also be in a position to win the
place which It ha« not yet attained. With the
two united I hope to be enabled, with a firm
trunt in the guidance of God, to prove the
truth of the saying of Frederick William I:
."When one in this world wants to decide
Bomethlng with the pen he does not do It un
less supported by the strength of the sword."
Emperor William has issued an order
to the army announcing that, In accord
ance with the unanimous decision of the
German sovereigns, a badge coramemo,
rative of the last century and as a fresh
pledge to the unity and indissolubility of
the empire, has been established for the
colors of the whole army. . : . " .
REORGANIZATION
OF CUBAN FORCES
Commands to Be Greatly
¦..¦';¦ "Reduced.
Special . Plspatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. L— lt is probable
that the month will be marked by a com
plete reorganization of the military com
mands In Cuba*. The Impression prevails
that there, is to be a heavy reduction in
the. forces/ and it is intimated that the
outcome will be the creation of two de
partments. Instead of the six which orig
inally comprised Cuba, and. the four into
which, the island ig now divided. General
Wilson, who commands the combined de
partments of MatanZas and Santa Clara,
has been ordered to Washington, and it Is
not the present intention .that he shall re
turn to Cuba. It Is said that while here
he-,-, with General Davis, who Is coming
from Porto Rico and is due on the 6th at
New York, will confer with the commit
tees of Congress having to do with the
creation of a new form of government lor
Porto Rico and with legislation for Cuba
during the time It shall remain under
American control.
The combined department of Santiago
and Puerto Principe is without a com
mander, although the duties of the post,
vacated by General Wood upon his pro
motion to the Governor Generalship, ere
being temporarily discharged by the se
nior colonel. Thus the entire Orient, as
the eastern half of the Island is called,
is without a permanent commander. It
is understood that the four departments
in the Orient will be consolidated into one
and that a brigadier general will be
named by Secretary Root, upon the rec
ommendation of General Wood, to take
command, with headquarters at Santiago.
VERY PRETTY WEDDING
IN THE GARDEN CITY
Miss Ada May Churchill, Prominent
in Musical Circles, Becomes the
Bride of S. B. Hunkins.
SAN JOSE, Jan. I— A wedding, in whicn
musical and social circles of this city took
especial interest, occurred at the Centella
Methodist Episcopal Church to-day when
Ada May Churchill and Romayne S. Hun
kins plighted their love and became hus
band and wife. The young couple are
among the. most popular In music and
church work. The bride is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Churchill and Mr.
Hunkins is the son of S. B. Hunkins, the
capitalist. •
Centella Church was prettily decorated
with greenery, holly berries and flowers.
Only the immediate friends and relatives
of the families were present. Miss Kliza
beth Kelly ; was maid of honor and Arthur
Hunkins, brother of the groom, waa best
man. The ushers were Fred T. Black
and Dr. Charles" Hablutzel. S. Warren
Churchill, a, brother of the bride, waa
organist. " " The ceremony was performed
by. ¦ Rev. ' Mr.:- Beechgood of the Centella
Church. The bride was attired In a crea
tion of white silk Irish poplin, trimmed
with chiffon and lace. She wore a mag
nificent pearl necklace and carried a
bouquet of lilies of the valley and hya
cinths: Miss Kelly was attired in white
chiffon. A trio, consisting of Mrs. Mary
Weaver-Macauley, Mrs. W. J. Kirkpatrick
and Miss McLellan, sang the bride's song
in the '.'Lohengrin Wedding March."
After the ceremony a wedding break
fast was served to the bridal party at the
home of the bride's parents. Air. and Mrs.
Hunkins will enjoy a short: wedding tour,
during whlcli Coronado and Del Monte will
be visited. A pretty home haa been fitted
up for; the newly pair on Fourth
street, near St. James. Mrs. Hunkins is
a graduate .; of :. King Conservatory of
Music and haa ¦ been the • organist of Cen
tella : Church for reeveral years. She is
one of the most' prominent musicians : in
the ctty. ;Mr. liunklns ia a 'cellolst of
reputation./":- .. : : .--' "'.;; '."¦• . • .
RICHARD CROKER THE
VICTIM OF AN ACCIDENT
•LONDON. Jan.-. 2.— A special dispatch
from . Wantagp, cojunty oil Berks; says that
Richard Croker,. who has been staying at
a country house" near there; slipped while
mounting' a. horse bwihg toUne animal
swerving, and his leg wai?- broken. Mr.
Croker is. bflhg '-attended by Dr.. Emerson,
who has reduced the fracture..' He is now
resting easily. The accident occurred.yes
terday (Monday)- inpfning. ¦ : \
- •••• •' . —^ — L^« ——, .;¦ . : .
Explosion Wrecks a Church.
ST.ROMBERG, ".. Neb.\. Jan. l.^Bden
Baptist Chtirch," which was dedicated only
a year ago, was totally destroyed by fire
early this morriitxg and two persons "were
seriously injured; The '. flre wjia caused
by stii " exploslo-rt J of acetylene, gas, with
which the- : cburch was. lighted. l .The. gas
generator afuVthie furnace • .were located
in. the basement and it was supposed es
caping, gas"- was .Ignited-, by the furnace.
New Year's -watc-h meetings were being
held and a larg« number of persons were
present, but most of them had just left
tire building when the explosion occurred.
The buiidirig was badly wrecked and what
was not destroyed by the explosion was
consumed by lire. Mrs. J. L. Johnson and
her daughter P«arl were seriously . In
jured. ' ¦-• . : 0 ¦¦¦'¦.. "'¦ ¦':.."
Steamer Saratoga Floated.
SANTIAGO BE CUBA; Jan. I.— The
Ward line, stearn.er Saratoga,: after hav
tng ibeen ten days aground, v?as pulled
off yesterday by: the Santiago . and two
tugs.- All her c4rgo and coal were re
moved and the Channel around, the pro
peller and keelwjas dredged. An investi
gation has- showir remarkabj.e port regula
tions. No pilots' in the harbor have a
license except:, two holding Spanish"
Ucenseß, but several others are permitted
by the comrhandant of the port to us©
the pilot flag.. The man who grounded the
Saratoga. was hot .llcen.B.ed, it is claimed.
' . — '—n — ¦ *"—:" — : ' ' ' •• .
Save^ money >y buying your, blank
books', printing 1 and all. office supplies for
1500 from Sanborri, .Vail •& C 0. ,741 Market.*
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FAMOUS LANDSCAPE PAINTER OF ENGLAND.
Copyright, 1899,
by SeTinour Eaton
V MISCELLANEOUS. -^} . .."...;... " . . '. :'__
PA TTAC IT^IVPC Corner 16th and
l\ | || I I-^ I \| Mission Streets.
.^..IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE M15510N.....
S PEOALSALE p^RJ,QR FURNITURE ' compare '
W CARPETS and RUGS- ¦¦' ™" gsi T.,
l^|;lli|| CURTAINS and DRAPERIES
\csS^^^l P&Plorp [ Commencing to-day we; will inaugurate a great Parlor
FiTnrii^irP Furniture Sale to continue this week. -Many of the suits
\%ftj^ffl rurmiure \ and m ieces win be sold for less than the cost of
k£££jjsjggg? 03i6.. V manufacture. Note prices and description BELOW:
M^^^'f^S^i^-k^ -"^-t iSbS iJSMSsffS ! 500 PARLOR ROCKERS UP
AatnasK oovertng. to clo«« cut Oi * •t»V7 — Sale, pr15a..., ....-,.-..... •,...';•..' <9U.U . T^prkTUT <Df'O»V- '
•$8 .00 :Parlor : Chair ophelstereiS In Cfl Kft *"' W ParJor Suit, fotir nloo nltce*. large and t -T rlUlli, tpl.OD.
ellk.fismMk; trill close out for.. OOtUM pomfortable, hand car\©d and polr Clt A • —,„,..• *c # •»'«""
:: • : Srin. uph^erea In .Uk flam- CIQ 'T'^' f**;~'r~ 5 V £^£SS® &1.35
'.¦.-ask. ieat aci tack-Pals rri« 010 »90 0C Parlor butt, large sofa, «a ß y chair, and I a'Hip^' Wrinr!
i 'vt Z"7 Ti? T :v: v el , !w« B^r ct&X*»SZ& B eat <• t> . H jI. // Seat Rocker,
815 -OQ,. Parlor t-latforffl: rocker, /upbol- .g |1 end back. «llk datnaek-S&le prlee.. C> 1 £ \\ lIJ fl /I aviMlu IIU /»¦•+
r: CO .Parlor Eutt-^>M Colonial "Jyle Bphol- i hand carved-Saj; price. _..._ OIU es^xa] \U <9 flhtimfA' finkh '
Sfl^S^SasS^ar^S 6301 MpllWr- large.and.com-
I^^ - a * SHS tseco Parlor Suit, carved and u*hoUt»red. ' W, \ W&&***tfA '-fortable, Sells :
H^rriS 01^^ * IUI KSCO Parlor Bult,- hand carved "and .^.hed, ' ' A '
;^'\V*f .¦¦'.——¦ — VVV upholetertfl ln aMoried-'oolorsi" *lUc' «>CS^. ll^^^S^X^tl OUr Special DrlCe
:¦ . ; '. " :"- .-¦•;•',:" ¦ '-¦-.¦ Aacjatk. 5. nice pieces..:..- ....... QOU tr^^r^\WlM aI • i' ¦ '.
PRIZE-PACKAGE SALE. r — — , &ts^ pf this week
Gctt'lirirs from FumSture Cov*rlng» and Dr»pe-r- ...•. £^^t. '"" - ;'-'¦' ¦•' - - <J»^ _•¦ (3: i "^CJ '. •'
:".iies-*-"»niitea Quastlty"— each package jruas- :¦¦ fZ3?'jsL '¦':,. •\>.-. : ' ' ' ' ' '¦ • ¦«******•** ¦
" -anteT* worth *1 00: will b« cloetd out Orz r> ¦ '¦ ' V*i&£< . ¦.-.-¦.¦ ' ; , -. : . . ••¦ -. ' ¦";
-^;— "-->•-••- ,: : >Q ; | ; : STRAW MATTINGS. :
¦ .¦ : GF*K?{'*l A t CAI F* I /-tS l^^VvS~»f '¦ r^r^v^*\'' '¦ ' GRJJAT BAROAIXS^-In 'Order to -close-out all
a "*' c ' - : Ay&ty^Cyi "Hr^^i- \ ' ¦ • -.our.lwt'BOwji'i satt^i Qj-Chlm and Japan
¦ : "¦ ''¦w- «">• w* ''"' Jwj '¦"¦ ¦ *}wmm a ¦¥¦•«? r* I Or~fT '* ¦ 'I Mattlns*. before our "'new; importation la Te-
•*-*•"¦* A 1^1? T^TTHT^ A INN " I.A 'ifr^i l^/tw-:\ ceH td., we will c"11 three hundred rolls' at very
LA vJu : VUfl 1 nlll U» /. / \ |/-ii ¦S'**^!v? • \rs> " - low ." Price*.- Economical' buyers will do vre.ll to':
¦ . ' ¦ • .- .. ¦¦ !_' .¦•,'»,¦. ', ••/'/ JtfrJL- '^•Ur> '-v t)M"V_^> < . H ¦- take advantage of our offer. In this Bale- we -will
-T!il»-.*«?k WdwCl. »e!l at F^olal Bedneed • IJ y^^^^^r -fi^n JVU^ 1 soil Mattings by the roll of 40 yards. ¦ .V ¦ :
- •- -,;•:..-••?: Prtce* for.Th!»6a^« •' ... '¦• ;¦ . '£$ fi \ 4 ''A -V^.-gl ' •'"• 60^ rolls f?«i Chin* Mattlngf,.a durable -qualltr.-
• : - ¦" - "•¦• ¦-'¦•• :¦'."-¦-¦. y~j-J • ¦ \ L _, ~~* -"'', - J -' -* c 7 ¦ In" 2 patterns, usnat pric« per C/< rTfiJ'
•New-. "Stylish liae'e Curtalun, worth t- f-0 'Q I ,' ¦ •:' rriVr M^ ' '•' *,». " " *Vf \ • f 0 : 11 of - 4 ° yards $i, for iht» sale.. WT» i «J-
.a .-*«1r; go at-i-v.' .; ;„.'.....:...»„ %> 1 ' ¦ . 'V^ [jJ rf. '¦ .*<+' L \ ' ft' ToV.< ¦ -heavy China'' pointless MattlnK, ln J-
'¦<S**r: SiyUth L«>* Curtuln».. wcrth CO EZf\ /'-^ \ / j \ ><\vl- '¦ iW ' i-Jk VI V' Patterns, usual i.rice- ner.roll 6t Cr£»- Kf\
'. .. js: ¦¦&¦>:¦ ituir; jait.. ¦;::..,.-. O-^»t3U; ./ t\ / iytf Hjl. 4"-. 3 vll'lfj' 1 tlO; for this;. 5»1<>.. .;...:: •«PV»<J.Lf
'N-VStylSfh Lare Cunilna. worth QQ7R ! T / >\. SI f^ZK' "'¦'"¦ A*/'- 1 - 50 rolll » E * tra China" flatting,. Jolntfe'ssi tn i
¦ • fl&t b riairj go at:. ti>O» 1O ! :/-' | >S^ *™ rb: *-\* - : __*^\J ' •(• ' goCl<i Pa" c "i«. -usual" price per roll of. CQ
New: *tyllFh lAoe-Curtalr... worth Crf* rZfk ' /b=Sf Vp^W?^~l?>\ J &? ' 40-yards Tl2, for this sale.'.: • t?O
¦¦- tM:tB a '.p«l'r--ipi& et.;..: ;;. OD«UU f ,i^H ' ' S&j) V*^" ['•' °/ '¦ '75 rf> - te h;te inserted Jaranese Matting,- fine
•Br- : > ? i»l S .:jri E h Point, Her.a^^ano.. Clnny. rta. % I p^^^X^^f^/ . V '^ r M^i c f t%*£%? V?hfi .^ $9
- -The a-h-ve-tr.enticned ¦•Cartala. will I* marked i v^/^ V 7-1 Ait-V-J/ • ' r i, . _.c. ct .*' } *"¦ v '~; ,6r, 6r x ?! f* 11 *;-- vv
- -iln'V^iia a» Vr^c'.ali. ¦' ¦ ' ' ¦ *- _1 — -i-^^-i? T.} / ¦" ¦40 lf ' Ils Fan cy Flrure, Linen Warp Japane.se.
- «;>. : «tll.aftp«,i.v _? Wr Y/ ¦¦' Matting. U£ual uric*- p^r roll of <0 Cm
Tv ¦¦> ar.« ".-.psre* rilr* cf AW-tAee- Curtain* will i /TKmS- iil & : yards Jit. for this sale..,. OiU
: a.^6o be- rharloed and »clfl at a epecJal low! ... * • .V. •¦-;"-. ¦ .•¦ • - " . ' . ' . "'..¦¦
rrtce t&'.-make room for new goods. . . ¦' ' • " .'. • ' VK» ' '" /- r »»
CARPFTS Cs^^f^^V^ 6 feet 3
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS ON A tr? " inches
; sFEW ARTICLES TO BE " T TIJnf^TTMC ; h - haS
CLOSED OUT. LINOLEUMS. ''MT^%SB French
I?raHm'.(Ser*d : Vel-T:r ar:4 Satin Portiere*, wa- -|-, . • /-> ¦ -r " ' r» ¦ 1 c f\ K'fiß '¦¦'&'/>¦ >.?' 'w^&¦^ • ••,"• 1 ¦ ,
rie r»jr*. v<-ry rich and elaborate. .oM af I hird Carade I ap. Drusses. . 50c \iSA si S V*. WSfl Deve pate
, $40 00. fSO 00 and ICO 00 a pair, will -b* O I a; ' _ ¦ Xa ttfaWl $& • r' a^
do^i out at ¦ S>IO ; Second Grade Tap. Brussels. 70c JSuSPS Mm& mirror 40
Cou«-h Cover*, frlrjced all around, reversible. : " ¦ ".T iJfcSsß ¦'&?/' *$ii/ss l &si ' ¦ '¦• . ¦ . .
*£ :« v5O each, to be cio.ed $3.5Q \ First Grade Tap. Brussels. . . 80c %&¦ 1^ mcheshigh
1 Ve1vet5......... $1.00 B£o ffl 24 inches
S.iph as |:? va a j.aJr; will be eloped out CQ' « • . ¦ sn 4 ,r\ r'SS.iKr'-V/* '* Tv* WlHp
at. a pair oo Axmmsters $1.10 m Wm^'M- '
t* closed out at. a yard..... oOC j Half-Wool Ingrains 40c flJp^B^P^ira ¦ viR.5O
MORE BARGAINS! Ex. Super Ingrains 50c oj^m^^^ OID
Tlvanavv FahriPQ Best Ex- Super Ingrains 60c n^^S^^^ Regular
Drapery fabrics, Wiltons $L 25 H^ai price $25.
Furniture Coverings, D Linoleumi 2ds wide .. 4sc a^ga^P 6 Rich| y
OEIEN Zi L »^^ f ETC * c Linoleum - 4 y ards wide - - 60c carved
eoe T^n^^^x,™* ™7a 37-ie I B Linoleum, 4 yards wide..7oc DINING CHAIRS.
K0- Ta?>-«trv, reversible, fo at. ard SOo ; A |J nn | A ,, m A w ar^ e vS\Aa. QHr» Sol!d Oak Cane Beat Dlnlnir C f QCT
*1 » Tar^Ftry. rever*!Ne. go at. aya 7Rc M UnOieUm,^ yarOS Wlde..OUC Chairs Ol.^O
11 :r, Tei^-o". reversible, go at. a yd... .«1.00 A~,«.:« I I \A T I I* I * Handsome Qucrter-Fawed Oak Box Seat Dining
j: a Tapestrj-, rever.!ble ro at! a yd....»1^0 American Inlatd I lie Linoleum, in- Chair., can- Feat $2.*>5
E S SS: «SS: EU : S:l^S I destructible, special $1.40 laid c ™^^^*^^ $2.75
ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S BIG HOME STORE.
AJffUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS. gOY SCARED TO DEATH
COLUMBIA "fe CALIFORNIA JHEATERIU by police officer
STANDING lft HFFP Waa Cau S h t Playing New Year
eveut N-innT, except fl-xday. ••••• IIJ ui^k^r ••••••••• Pranks and When Threatened
¦,;'• MATINEE' SATURDAY. . BOTH PERFORMANCES YESTERDAY.- With Arrest Drops Dekd
ALL THIS WEEK "WITH FLYING COLORS." sa-mkas. Jan : : i:-Tea rowi^. the
¦¦ \ ¦" \\f The Great Bn E li»h Adelphl Success. fourteen-year-old son of Thomas Rowley.
:'-. Ltebier ami Company Prewnt THI- FBIWI hv rnMPANV droppotl dead last night. It Is claimed he
HALL CAIVETS Powerful Play. THE ccc THF GRFW ¦PRISON SCENT S'^ fri^"tone<l to- death by Policeman
SEE thf ORFAT BATTLF^HIP Sansen - Kowlcy and other boys, about
CQ B R=h H#% "S 3 Bn R B S?E^e THE GRFattelfphos-ESCENE midnight, were taking, oft the gates before
J g fl> O IB F$ eH! THE GREAT RAILWAY HOTEI^ private -residence*. Oflicers went to stop
s yj \ I | fil K3 REa&Mßrn -••iT^ ££rEc colors" them " Row l e - V was" captured and threat-
1 HI H D&iin BESEMBrn. . ? mi FATING COLORS -. ened -with arrept. He droppwl over dead
Is £ U WO Bfl^MUB SaJ:°Aa : .mVm"^ IS The affair is causing consfderaWe talk.
CURTAIN RISES AT 8, . TTkTfW TO T>T-|>r«T'cy -nxr V ta-htb
™ F Gpr.-rcr PIAT of the DAT TORN TO PIECES BY LIONS.
. THE GI..^TXET PLAY OF THE DAT. :. WELCOME HOMB ' .- — -- ¦• \ ¦
¦N«rt tr«i-P^ttirty Ft^J Performance of "»• p^ ri ~» Diva - : Keeper Foolishly Enters a Cage of
•the Christian." ¦ -. EMMAV IN EVA DA. .. Ferocious Beasts. ." .
t-ii r/^\t t nnrn m iiAiirn Monday Eitninr Jan. tth, : SEAT SALE : ; VIENNA, Jan. I.— One of the animal
Tl VOLI OPER A-HOU5h. Wednesday Mat.. Jan. 10th. , :THURSDAY.-: keepers at the Vienna Zoological Gardens
• '¦ ' PRICES-13. j2. |i. entered the cage of lions to-day in a spirit
January »th— "PRINCESS AXU THE BUT- ot bravado and six lions rushed on him
JTST TOE PLACE OK a RAIXT NIGHT! TERFLY." and tore nlm l ® pieces. The attendants
rv .. .__,___,,-_,„ ,vn n , TvnTOn — ¦ "? sought in vain, with- flaming: torches and
COME VOrnSKLj* Am BRING TBB *rg^. — streams of water, to drive the wild beasts
CHILDREN TO . hjS^ from their. victim. :. • •¦. • '
THE GORGEOUS HOLIDAT B mV. I^VluM /**L tPKJk A ai-ilTuar- : ' i ¦
EXTRAVaOa-s-za, V^JO?? W^^VvWwV AMUSEMENTS.
LITTLE 80-PEEP alcazar_jheater.
A NEW TEAR'B VAUDEVILLE FEAST. . ¦• : . LAST 'U'ETOk' '¦" ' ' •
EVERT EVEXT^AXD SATCRDAT EVERT^ A Hit.:.-, - : : '| Of th.^lr Funmakirln Twi ' ..^
. BILLY RICE and H, W. FRTLLMAN: THI? /XTTT'nflr'nirTW
FEATS SELLING ONE WEEK AHBATX 001 * 0 ™^ DREW: f^ [-1 J |Wl |%#j I If
POPULAR PRICES .....1! AND 60 CENTS fc— -\ i <— x g !*<"*+ WZT" ff~> 111^ ¦ AXXIAXIAX MmA ":
TELEPHONg BUSH ». f^ VjUV^OtvC/ Tl A T^T^T^T^T : •
>^r» n K!rv A 11/ M let- THORNE AND CARLETON; LA SYLPHE; f^ f\ R S3 Jf W^i |\|
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, the averts; American biograph. JL X^i-/JL/iilX •
TELEPHONE MAIN CX2. R»f*rv*d seats. 2Sc; balcony. 10c; opera chain Rt.nrftr.B- nr^m .t *n t>--* ™,
and box eeati 1 . 50c. ¦•¦ Btandlngr. Room at Ail Perfonnancea.
PLATING TO CAPACITT. MaOne*« Wedn*ed«or.. Saturday and Sunday. SECURE SEATS EARL* IN ADVANCE.
A riTTINO HOLIDAT ETNTEP.TA INMENT f -¦ — : : : ~ ' ' MATINEE SATURDAY AND BUNDAT.
: ? : :for i.Kinrs> and children. 'V V /T ' : " — r- . : . .
AT g O CLOCK SHARP. i SB *T M* >M9^» /t&9SY MATINEE PRICES... :........150. :iBo. 85c
Si Hi HA D ™^OpSpULT'Ain^E-. NBXT--MYSTOIOUS MR. BUGLE.-' _
" ' "F*VI"R^"niINO T.*P TO DATE " *" *' ' ' ' ¦ „., . mmmim mw ¦ jii. ju._,
BAN JO6E MGHT : SATURDAT m'ENING PROFESSIONAL MATINEF. THURSDAY. &fi LO | UaH UDH
NEXT. THE ORIOINALB. . . • ¦ maw -. mm *^ "" -T^ T m " .. ""^T
APPROPRIATE BONG 3 AND TnTTiaSHS. /\1 lI P PA V Al\.'f» MAC YZ Wsl && Ufl fl fJ 38 H 6fa
prices isc. tfc. tsc lUUKItrtV f\i\U AIfAV^K, ftSBHEW^B
GALLERIES l>candl&o' In Th#i r HUertous Karc», ¦ ¦' UU 39H H X B Biß
-.-¦:'-•..'.•¦. matinee re and ir*. UTXTXTT/^ A rlT'O D ATT T ' W ¦I.BbHbV
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. ¦ " J^ H>( £% llji\.i\| O D A luLt i ?'T«« haven't a remnlar, healthy raorenient of th«
r ! — T. : 1 — . ¦¦¦¦-•-: ¦-... bowels every day. ypure sick, or will be. Keep your
nrrCTrnV Tmr icenri ITIA»T "•' ._. _ prices. ' bowel*, open, and ba well. Force. In Hiorfbapeof.
WrSlrnll ILKr A^SIILIA I KIN Erentng— lie. 2So, re. 60c and 75c : violent physio or pill poison. Is dangerou*. The
TTLJILUn ibiU At/JUVIAItUII. Matinee— lsr 2Sc 85c and- EOe imoothest. easiest, most .perfect way o! keeping tha
TANFORAN PARK. NEXT SUNDAY AFTeRNOON_THBRENTZ- «»«»«ctaar>na oleai, tstotake
THIRD MEETING. J t n. 1-M. 1800, In,! U ,, T ,. \ SANTLEY NOVKOT COMI'AK^ J^^^K CANDY S^S
--J^2SHI-i2£JSS2SJ!^J M \HJr cathartic ¦ ..
trosF mrtp dirwtly from th* rallro*cl cars Into T\V HAIJuWi LL RECI t ALS fH^tfVi T^/© /^ktl*^N
t superb jrand »tan 4. Blat»-*nc!o»ea. wbtr- n , rRV ... nay <¦ r-r.-aw.TT W^ £Lia7<jJi&. JJi Itt fL^J^/- B
¦ : • .• r t- ~»-- i la bad weather thf>" can UifcKaA.%, i.mi Sr CO. 8 HALL, WJSW Vh^^B^ThtfmfaS^fffi^fm^WfgttJl
• . : an ur.cbrtru ted v:m- of th« r>c*i. THURSDAY and BATURDAY AFTERNOONS. S^ ***
Trainip ieaTe Third and Towntend etreeti at - JANUARY «th and 6th. .at t:l5. ' . . 'Xgft^ TRAOf MAAH RtoiaTißKO _^^^
S- -. : 10 and y.-M a. m.. and 12:15, i2;js. U;6O '¦ \rLADIMm\ r LADlMm DE • • >t^^w
Laet tt US p. m. Rear <mt, rewrred PACHMANN, 1^
for womrn and their escorU. No taioicin». The WorMs Greafet Chopin Infrpreter • ( **^
\al«tieta : «tre*t 10 ir.lnut<« later. Beats 12 00, tl 60 and 11 00, on eale at Sherman ~ /_, J, „ „
.. San Jo*e and »*y «tation». Arrtre *t San Oay 4 Co.'i. .' -V _Pl«a«ant. Palatablo. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Brurio at 12:45 v. tn. Leave San Bruno at 4:00 COMI'LFTE CHOPIN PROORAMMFq ' fever Sicken. Weaken; or Gripe. 100. tec, H)c. Wrlt«
ao& V ¦:»; s. si.- ¦ BTELVWAY PIANO us Fn for free sample, and booklet on healthTAddres.
. liste-:, San rrajidaco to Tanforan and r.- ___!" •»•'»¦« «'¦'*/ Co«p M /. Ckl«.r..Jß.«tr».l, K.wTork. S2Ja
• t«i. lncluiinr admi»lon to track. Jl 26. T " '¦ ' ~^~" : ~" 1/ rr n VCIHI! Fll Ann m rill
r/kcßEEN^reia^^^an^ 1^ Weekly Call, $i pep Yew KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
FURTHER COMPLICATIONS
IN WOLFSOHN CASE
Attorney for the Heirs Says That tha
¦". New . Claimant to th« Insur- •••:
. arice Is a Fraud. ; .'.'.'¦'¦*.
LOS, ANGELES,' Jan. I.— Attorney Os
car Bartiberger. who represented the heirs
in the Wolfsohn case when they thought
to recover the $10,<XX> life insurance from
the New York Life Insurance Company,
Is in the city. -He will not give up his
case, though his clients have waived their
claim to the $10,000. He does not believe
that the man who came from Chicago
pretending to: be the real Wolfsohn is so.
"He ts a fraud," eald Mr. Bamberger
to-day. "He Is mad« up to resemble
Wolfsohn, but he is not the real. I. shall
spend 1500 of my : own money if need be
to ferret out .this mystery. 1 ' .' .
Mrs. Maggie ...O' Neil, the;. woman who
paid the supp.o&ed Wolfsohn's funeral ex
penses, is not satisfied either. She tried
td confront the -supposititious Wolfsohn
while he wa*l here, . but he would not see
her. '¦•' * ". • ¦ - • • • • • • ¦ .
"There Is no: doubt that th© newjWolf
sohn lias. fled: to Chicago. The. case Is aa
full of mystery as ever. • .-" • ;,. •/ • :
••'•-.' •-i '-* :—": — "- ' ¦ ¦ ; -.
D. W. PABKHUBST PASSES AwAY
Former Southern \ Pacific Official -Die's
, . of : Heart Disease. ] - ..
FRESNO, Jan. • l^— D. W. -.Parkhurst, a
pioneer, resident, died laet ..'night at his
vineyard, near Fowler: and his remains
were shipped; this forenoon to his;. home
at Berkeley: : He was the Southern Pa
cific'aeent who . graded the- price- of its
grant -lands in; this; valley and had. the
superihtenden-cy. of construction of its va
rious -lines in; this districts His: death
was. from heart failure after an illness
ofonly two -days. It is said that worry
over ' inability to redeem his mortgaged
vineyard aggravated his ailment and hast
ened : his death. Surviving are the iwidow
and: two sons. • • -. ¦ •"• " = , •
DEATH IN THE FLAMES
An Entire Family Perish, in \ Their
¦ fuming. Home. :. ••:.-;
.BARBOURSVrLL,E, W... Va., Jan. I.—
William Ellis, his wife and two, children
were burned to death In" their home' near
here to-day. The origin of the flre Is un-
ST.: JOSEPH,. Mo., Jan. I.— The clothing
of two children, one a baby» of: J. O.
Blackburn, residing at 1411 Oliver :stro»t,
caught flre to-day from a grate and the
infant was fatally burned. '-.The mother
and other child were severely, burned In
extinguishing the flames. :
•' '. ! • — ¦- ¦ '• •'•
Muskogee Phoenix Sold.
itUSKOGEE, I. T., Jan. I;— The Musko
gee Phoenix was sold to-day to M. R.
Moore, J. Frlschmann, D. E. Melton and
M. E. Demlng, all old employes of the
oHlce. The ipaper was formerly owned
by National Committeeman Leo E, Ben
nett. C. E. Foler and F. C. Hubbard, and
is the leading: paper of Indian Territory.
The consideration was fSOOO. ."•
SHOT DOWN AS
HE DROVE AWAY
Attempt at Murder in
Hanford.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
HANFORD, Jan. I;— Ed Burris, a son of
Dave Burris., one of the wealthiest farm
ers apd landowners In this vicinity, was
shot this morning In three separate places
by Si Hughes,- a well-known raisin-grower
of this county. .;• : '
To-day's shooting Is the aftermath of a
fracas which occurred at an auction salo
of livestock held here last Saturday. Bur
ris and a youne Eastern sport named
Charles Valentine were figuring over the
points of a dog. Hughes entered Into the.
discussion and he and Burris came to
blows. Hughes, though much the larger
and heavier man, was given a thrashing
and left the sale, vowing vengeance. The
three men were unuer the Influence |of
liquor. ' . :¦'..••.¦- •¦•••.
Burris and his wife drove Into town this
morning; and leaving the lady at her
mother's Burris went down the street to
transact some business. He met Hughes,
who was still drunk, on Front street, and
the men resumed their quarrel. Finally
Burris started to -drive away. Hughe3
drew a revolver and began firing. Imme
diately after the shooting he gave himself
up to City Marshal Rueck and was taken
to Kings County Jail.
A singular fact In connection with the
affair is that Hughes had been drawn on
a Jury In Justice Randall's court, but ar-.
rived at the Courthouse Just five minutes
too late to be accepted. But for this un-«
fortunate tardiness the tragedy of to-day
would have been averted. ¦
At 8 o'clock to-night Burris was resting
easy, and being a young man of fine
physique. and strong constitution, he may
recover, .' '.- '' '¦:':¦¦¦.:-.'--' :¦];'¦
THE SA:N t FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.
MURDER OF
MINING MAN
A Mountain Grave Re
veals Horrible Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BISBEE, Arizona, Jan. L— Evidence has
been discovered leading to the conclusion
that E. W, Derry, a mining man who long
had been missing, was deliberately mur
dered. L. C Brown, the dead miner's for
mer partner, is in Jail at Tucson charged
with the crime. Derry's body was discov
ered in a shallow grave In a canyon In
the Sierra- Jeriquipe mountains of Sonora,
Mexico. The corpse was clad only In un
dergarments and in the skull were two
indentations :as though made by the blow
of: a pickax. Circumstantial evidence
points strongly toward Brown as the
perpetrator of the crime.
Last September when. Derry disappeared
Brown stated that ho had bought his
partner out and that Derry had left for
other parts. Within ten days Brown dis
posed of the entire outfit of prospecting
equipment and took his departure. Be
coming suspicious a party of men made
a thorough investigation of the ground on
Christmas- day where the • partners had
pitched their tent. The search resulted In
the finding of the body of Derry.
After Brown left the Mexican side he
ne*t made his appearance in Blsbee, Ari
zona, with plenty of money. From Bis
bee he went to Tucson, wher6 be posed as
F/erry and. was successful in securing
iIOOO from: the Bank of California, which
sum, had been deposited there by Derry.
An acquaintance who knew Brown by his
right nam£' became suspicious and com
municated his fears to the police that
something was wrong. Investigation of
Brown's apartments revealed a lot of pa
per upon which he had practiced writing
the name of E. :W.- Derry, a significant
point that forgery of the name was in
tended. ¦ He was arrested and is now in
jail at Tucson' awaiting trial. '...'¦*
5WeeHyGall $1.00 pr Year
Continued on Ninth Page.
GOLF ON PRESIDIO LINKS.
¦ Despite the inclehiency of " the -weather
the ; . semi -final round of the first c.on:pe-r
tit'bn for .the Council's cup .was .played
yesterday .on -.the". Presidio links.- B.". J.
McCUtchen- defeated H. H. Goodman 2 up
1 to play, j and ..R.. 11. . Gay-lord defeated
Ch&rles Pape o up. 3, to play,; . The ' Una!
round. between. E.-.'j;-' McCutchen.and R;
H:. Gaylord. was not. played off, andvthe'
consolation handicap, open- to aJI except
the; two competitors iri'.the. drial round of
the. Council's cup. contest, was also de
ferred. Durinpr.the afternoon Dr. JJc-
Mona&le and AY. 8. . Bourn- went round
the course. The following entries have
THE ARRIVAL OF
v 1; ; THE NEW YEAR
Will find os turning out better laundry
wc?tk : than ever before, and that means
that' we are doing the finest work in
this line that has ever been achieved by
any laundry in San Francisco. Begin
the! new year, ri^ht by sending your
work : to the United States Laundry.
. Untted States Laundry. Offlo-
. = 1004 Market Street.
•:-•¦¦ ' : .-/', Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
¦¦ Time— U, :24%; %. -MM; %,• 1:15. Poor start. Won easily. and third driving
E. Cprrlßan's.' b. g., by. : Ben. All-Hot Sprlnss. .- • .. .
-.:- Geyeer poriiessed more- class.- than his company..- Ben Ledl -Is- a most consistent per
former.: Sybarl.s ran a very- jjueer race. Decoy' almost left. •'• •" . , /
-Scratched— St. Caslmer 106. King Carnival 115,-First Shot : 103, St. Cuthbert 109. Sly 110.
Flamora 108. Tar HIIMOI , . • . ¦ .-.- - : . -' . . ¦ •¦ •¦• .- .-.'•'•
•"• ;-..»C.oupifJa wlt.h'Monita; . •¦"•¦ •'. '¦ . ' -. • , -.;. "••" - : •• '-•.¦¦ '—: -. ¦ ..•..'
:.:'--Tlme^2i27H.;: Good start.. -.vrjon. easily..: Second an* third '; idrtvlng. Winner, M. H
achw'artz'9 b. jr... by. St. Savlour-Nieht Hawk. . '..' '¦ ? : ....'. ** .: "*
-.: '.Mon.lta Is qtilta a "mudder," ' Meddler received an awfiil- ride.
:.: Scratched— Credo I??',- J O C.U7, Major S 139, Reno 165.'... '• ' \ . ? :
§® Wit h Mouth piece 1
0 1Q cents for 1Q I
8-j: Bonopol Tobacco Works §
FREE BOOK
FOR MEN.
jy|EX who are weak, despondent, nervous and
falling In vitality; men with pains In the
back, weak kidneys. Indigestion, rheumatism,
yaricocele. To such men ray book Is worth
reading, for It tells In a common-sense man-
ner how all these evidences of physical decay
may be cured: how perfect vigor and strength
may be restored and your future made bright.
Men. let me help you. Read my book and
see how I have cured thousands with electric-
ity. Call or write for It to-day.
DR;M. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. 8. F.; Burdlck
block, cor. Spring and Second sts., Lo« Angelei.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
.C.Tlme^-H«, IOTrr'JB-lSi :3f13ii.9-15, :57^i; . 13-16;, 1:25H:- : mile, -.1:43; i.l-15m. 1:50.' Good start
¦tt.oTK.ejislly. ..Sorord and thtrd dp.lvlng: ¦: WLnner: C. ;K; -D.urneir« b. : c, by Uaclne-Powwow.
! .V P.otent^.sho^e^Jie'^Quld pick- up sornp. WelfilJt.^Moflrvel looked danorerous three furlonca
fr.c>m .horn?. . Favorite 'larpcntably ilaokliig' In speed;- .' Too nluch' weight on Topmast
• . -'Bcratctied— Meadowtho'rpe>lQs r " Chimiira lOOrYoriiajjtfir 119,.- White Fern 100 Casdale 109
'.: rri?rie-^«4 r '.:2'f;H;;'H.,J:sl»ii »;; 3:17:. mfle,-'.l:«%:. .'GobiS. start, '• 'Woii '. first three driving.
\Vlnner.-l 1 .- Jlyart':g'b..f,-,by Buchanan-JSspanite:.' :v": v" .' •¦' .•..."..'•¦.¦: ¦ • -.-. . -.;_¦ ¦
¦':, Cyril.' 'enjoyed '?)ipsif. -sitlliriK. .. 9f;otrh PlatA waa'.ft-lsei-ststfnt contender. ' Spencer, •on the
:fayprlte. •'¦vralted too- lojip. Me'roti* off badly and bumped by Bishop Reec} on .first turn. Dog
toWn v.fas backpdi:.but..: ; jih.owed nothing.-'. •'¦;•• '.:- : -. : J; ' ' ' '¦'¦ ¦:'• '''. • ' '• -. ¦ . ¦'.
•'. ¦;.<sGratcbed— ln\'#rary?'ll 99/ RaolvanlOS.- ' ¦• ¦.;."• ' :': ' V ¦.¦:¦¦,' '•¦''. . •'.:; ,-.". i ¦ ¦'
Injured by Dynamite
:/.- PI^ACERVtI^E, Jan. I.— Marco* Brown,
r*n «^?<s; Swiss-Italian residing :at PJeas
i»nt Vailey, ten miles east of this city,
;-whl!e firing a charge of dynamite as a
JCeW: Years STdutation at an early hour
this rnornir.gv blew off his rljrht arm and
was others, ise injured by th« shock. But
¦ijlttlfl. hopes ar* entertained : for hla re
coverr> •: "' ' ' ' : : : : .'•: ¦•.- :". ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
, Beinxis'. <?epdt. for . Kob-1-ndor: Pendts
«exd 'Watcnnan Fountain Pens.- fianborn
J. F. CALDWELL-Starter.
J. J, BURKE— Presiding Judge.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Esbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Monday, January 1, 1900.— T-wenty-sixth day
of the Winter Meeting of the "Westarn Turf Association. Weather rainy.
Track sloppy. . ¦ . '.-•'-. ' . . ':'.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STANFORD
DEFEATED BY
MULTNOMAH
Oregon Eleven Wins Very-
Fast Game by Score
of I V to 6.
PORTLAND, Jan. I.— The football team
of the Multnomah Athletic Club of Port
land this afternoon, defeated Stanford'
University by a score of 11 to 6, in one of
the fastest football games ever played on
Multnomah field. All morning a drizzling
rain fell and puddles of water stood on
the field, but just before the game was
cabled the sun came out and the day.
turned out to be an ideal one for football.
Nearly sow people witnessed the game,
and during the lirst half the enthusiasm
knew no bounds, so fast was the playing.
Although the university team averaged
up seven pounds more than the Mult
nomahs, the athletic club's team found
no difficulty in going through center and
McMillan, Multnomah's big right half,
was forced through again and again for
thrte and five yard gains.
Murphy kicked off for Stanford and
Kerrigan, Multnomah's fast quarterback,
caught the ball, lie skooted around left
end for a gain of twenty yards. Mult
nomah then etarted In to buck Stanford's
line, and inside of nine minutes they had
guinea eighty yurds and scored a touch
down without losing the bail. Multnomah
then kicked a goal.
In the second kick-off Kerrigan again
caught the ball and made a gain of seven
yarcis. Davey, ilultnomah's fullback,
punted and Stanford got the bull for the
Ursa time. Fisher carried It around left
end for again of ten yards and Murphy
immediately thereafter made a gain of
seven yards around right end. When the
ball was put in play again the Stanford
team massed on the right end and Fisher
broke through Multnomah's guard and
made a touchdown. Stanford kicked a.
goal which made the score 6 to 6.
McMillan kicked off for Multnomah a.nd
Murphy made .a. beautiful . run, gaining
fifteen yards before he was tackled by.
McMillan. Murphy punted and . Mult:-:
notnah pot tnt-ball and worked. It down
to Stanford's flve-yard line, .when they;
lost it on a fumble. llurphy : punted from
behind the goal line, but the play .was 1
blocked by Fi&her, and .Rusk, Multno-;:
niah's right tackle, fell on. the ball behind
the line. The referee awarded ; .a touch
down to Multnomah, and time vr&s. called
for the first half .without Multnomah
kicking a froal. . . ..-.•.• -V ¦:.
In the first fourteen minutes of the sec>
ond half most- of the' playing wa§ done.
In the center of .the field, each- side, los.--
Ing the ball repeatedly on down,!*,'; Dur
ing the lßst twenty minutes a' more opert;
game was played, both sides punting
freely. The game closed wsth. Stanford
In possession of the ball }n the xreriter of
the field: Murphy was hurra .few. minutes
"before the game. <?nded a.nd DraW took his
place. The line-up wa? as follows;;
MultQomah. .' Position*. . ¦ '.''. -. fitaiifonS. :.
¦Wete«a '..'..:';:. Center '.....,.*. .-.*...'... Tj^o
llnrton ......Jllght teTiard...,. ;.;„;... Smith
Pralt:.... ..-.Right tackle.:.., ..Bcntles 1 -
Mcfitajru<» ..'.Right; end Parker 1
McKlr.non .i.lAiTt ru^rd ? . JD<>Fore«n
P.usk Left Tackle... ..-.'i.Trae^r'
Bkrrett ....Left Pnd.......:.:.VMcFadaen
Kfrrl?an. Quarterbarfc ";. .Murphy-Drake
Myerr ....L*-ft.-. ha1f. ..'... ; Eri>
McMillan .....Kli?bt ha1f. v..: : ...-..V.;.. Fisher
I>avoy ? Fullback ...... .....Rodolph
Avernpp trHeht of teania— Stanford; 16S; Mulu
ziomah, ICI. ; "• •.i ¦ ¦¦ •••.• •• - : :
Iteforve— Burr Chamberlain. '.¦'.".;•;¦• '„• li
T'mpire— Frank. Haley. . ;•-. .'¦'. ¦ '¦:¦ • ¦' '.:¦ .-.
SAILOR BOYS
GIVE A DAY
TO SPORTS
Apprentices of the Naval
School in Their First
Athletic Show.
The rirojrramme of . New Year's <3ay
rports preiwired by. the officers of the
Vnited Staus Naval Training Station at
«;• at Is'iand was sadly interfered with by
the steady downpour of rain. Out of
eleven events arranged but four were pos
sible cf corif-ummationu
.Despite th*- inclement weather, many of
toe apprentices' friends were on hand to
ch*«T them tn their strupKles on land and
water. The Pensacola offered a rine van
tage tround fur thw sp<x:ta.tors, as the
events were run off, some on the wharf
end others in th«» open bay to the east of
the training school.
The Jirs-.t number on the programme was
»-. LK>x;ng match of ten round* between I.
\\*. Br<_en. ajid E. l>erby, Jiiiprentices of
the third claes. Both m*»n L)attl«''d pme
]y with pillow "mitts," without doing any
material daraape. Thtt contest was award
ed to Derby, who received a $10 prize,
Breon's recompense l»»ing half that sum
and a. swollen chin. There were two otht-.r
boxing matches, both of which ended in
draws. The coittestants wer« O. Simpson
unu E. I'rolifed. F. C. Freeman and T.
Coilard.
Th»? cutter race over a two and one-
Quarter-mile course, between the tirst and
eecond divisions, was won by the latter
•with an advantage of twelve seconds.
The winning crew was composed of the
following men: : Lurk, Schl«-uter, Uoyd,
Mc<jUlrf. Kirk, Brieraft. Ijc Gros, Kramer
and Cervantes.
The first «-vent of the afternoon was a
:tug-of-v.'ar between, the lirst and second
divisions. . The lirst division team, L,. D.
Ki^-ick. K. Lamp, S, Henson, O. Crois
eant. C. H. Tooze, J. Ra.nkins and T. A.
Allen, tugged for eleven minutes with the
cecond division team, Kramer, Lloyd, Ear
,liart; Fox. J>e Ores, Foschuban, Leahy
kT.i Copelar*d. without either Bide having.
-,«.n advantage, *o It Vra.% decided a dra.w.
\JL whaleboat race was the last event, the
first division winning from the eecond by
• twenty -nv'e eecotujs. = .¦-¦' • ; .
The committees which, handled the affair
vere *ts follows:- ¦ .-' . ¦ \ ¦ -.. - .
'.. Committee on Atyetfea— President, ' Lteulen
«Et E. M. Hush>«: -Vice prwtident. Llentenant
. O. L..- P. Stone; eecretaty, .Oriff Yeoman C. P.
.-'WloefheTT:.' treasurer. Cbie-f ilaster-at-Ann* F.
¦ Jopephsoa./- ¦-. " .'¦; ¦ •'-.•¦• '•••:¦¦'
.' ¦ Judg-esJ— Cksplaln TT. VG. iEaaem, Lieutenant
.[ O- I*. P. ijtiine, H .ittw»;n Henry Fee}j*n.
' Cosiintttee ¦ oh ¦¦¦ Arrangements— l£, Fredrrick
•on, .rhi^r mart'f-at-arms; M. . P.- Canej, : chi»f
•boatswain's rutw: 11. *V?h!enth«r. master-st
mrmr vecor.d class i..X>. I'erkine, tnaitPr-at-arn-.s
: third rUss;.--G. t'fho^ning. !imster-at- : ann» s«<-
• oad clase;-.C Export. t<batswain's tnata' : flrtt
-c'usr; E. Conrad- Riasterrat -arm* third' class;
*}.l. ltrrrt«i*eh,/ ptifef .boatswain*? mate;. e.g.
¦'¦WlnchHli c'hie? . yeoijiaij; F. Jos«ph*an. chief
jE«j>ter-^.t-»Vrni«: : ••. • '. ?: '. • .-¦'¦.-• '
FAVORITES
STAR T THE
YEAR WELL
Four r ; Winning ; Choices ;' at
Tariforan—^Potente Won
New Year's Handicap. .
.It was' real -VTa.nfo.ran-' weather" yes
terday down at the Western Turf Asso
ciation's track in San Mateo County/ The
rain fell in torrents, drenching the jock
eys to the skin, and causing the holiday
crowd to huddle together in the betting
ring and under the protecting roof of the
grand stand like Indians at a great medi
cine powwow. : Four favorites splashed
In lirst, while Potente and Cyril aroused
some show of enthusiasm by winning at'
quite remunerative odds..- Fifteen book
makers cut in, and as their prices savored
strongly of syndicate uuotations must
have laid aside some coin.
The New Year's handicap, at one mile
and a sixteenth, was all shot to pieces.
When owners had done with the scratch
ing blank, but five remained, and it
strongly resembled a Brltfsh redoubt after
having been shelled by the Boers. Car
roll's handy mare, Daisy. F, was plunged
on at odds of even money and nnlsned
absolutely last. Potente, an 8 to 1 shot,
with Tod Walsh in the saddle, went to the
front and simply galloped in the easiest
sort of a winner . from Imperious. Top
mast lout the show to Morinel by a neck.
Oorrigan's Geyser met with more suc
cess In the six furlong handicap. Ruling
a 6 to 5 choice, he' picked up 119 pounds
and was never extended.. Four lengths
back at the wire Ben Ledi took the place
from Frank Bell by a length.
The opening live furlong ¦ scramble
proved an. easy thing for the 4 to. 5 favor
ite, Loving Cup, which. won all the way.
After running in second place almost to
the wire Nora Ives was collared and
beaten out for the place by Juva, a 12 to 1
shct. well ridden by Henry. ¦ ¦ •..
Old Meadowthorpe came out chipper and
spry as a two-year-old, placing the purse
for' the mile and a .furlong selling -event
to the credit of.-.the Schorr stable without
half trying. Jones had theileg up and .Mid
his mount- In front from the start/winning
tinder a piill. Del BasO'H Was beaten Out
•for place -horiorß'. by ¦ Btuft;E-art,..-on; whicti
Bu.Uman-put Op a-s.tron'g Tjl'de. -...-; .-• ¦'•
... After having been' ?n -.fiic'kle; 'for- seme.
-timeCyrilwa-s finally started by P. 'Ryan,
and at odds. of 10 tolthw-Bel.dinetutned.up
winner, of : jthe ; hiUe run, also aedded un
der eellliag conditions.^ He was- given a
strong argument ' throughout • by ; Jones ; on
Scotch Plaidv. finally getting the: -verdict
by a head: '.After. loafing --along: .tri fourth
position ¦ Spencer-: landed- . jLhe" .favorite,
Wyoming;- In .thfe^howj' '.• ; ;V .'¦..-. ••
)¦ Not unlike, alt h'«.rdie. : ext.ravagii.rizas,-the'.
Jumping-;>itair.ci:eated.i \\\l\e . e*.cl.te.m't titi
llonita,-'. ; w-ivich.' coupled : ..wlth WcJSFmore
filled - favorite;- wo.it. fe'a^ily .'.f rom his -ipiafcle-.
companion. : Meddler: Tecelved strong-- Sup-:
:Port,: and notwithstij-riding. this: fact './the!
Judges . took tio ¦ .cognizance - rif ¦ ! -ihfe T ;.ver.£.
suspicious 'looking 'ride he received. ,• .'. '¦
To-Day 's Entries.
: First race— Five an^ a ..hair £urions;s:. : thr«»?
year-old.; selling:; ". •'. ' : ¦ -.') '< ' : .• ; ! ". '•'.•'¦ : 
<472)Sam" Dan'bautn'..iO7i : <77 WaW^teln'.i^lOS
601 Pfeitcmi« .. ...... .110].-.'.: Wlriyab.' *.";,"*V.%iiOs:
631 Gird .i i'..:...U&]' : 3?V ßachel. :C.::;.<..109
637 Gliss>i>nao ;.....,lia]-^l The-. Buffoon/ .:..v107
651 F1v.rin0ri1.;V... : ...11W(5?2)318^pc,i^.:,:, l i-,>M7 ;
. Becojid racfr-S-ii • : ; ¦ fou r-yearrold s ; -&.nd :
upward; selling, ¦-¦:..'•='. ;¦; •¦'"•= '.:.' -.' , ; . : . .-. ;
¦ CO" Maud;Ferguson..ioii&' ! i Rle Ch1c0......:.:104
(M. r ))Alunifnum .....JlOt 6W SllVer Ton*...v.iie6
. M 7 Jerrnle: Ke»d..:..104t .60* Mocorlta •?".-..«,•.:H i
110 Mike Rice 104; 467 Magnu5.. '...,..... 107
: 644 Good Hope; 1021365 Pat Murphy. ..;;iO7
(443)Racl van ..,;..... .Vffl : ..,. Facade : ,.:.-. .-.;. . ;iO4 : ;
' ..Third '• race-TSeyen.-.furlonifs; • ¦ f <>ur^y«ar-plds .
atjd upward; sejllnij.'-.-V:" - :: '; .'.'• : ••;•¦...¦¦ : '.' ;
:'4C3 Jjena.'-': '..;.-.-.^K»' h'<6 Greyhnrst /.-.ii;-.11l
' -629 Jihßl* .Jingle. ..-.WO I- H39 Monda-.....vi.Vv.J10".
: E44 Terrene ... i ...::ip6 ! '3fs Tiiiriblo' .-.:.'..V.-.iUi
<r,M)H.i K h ilo ...... -.-MS :-.64< GTen Ann.^i.^.Tloa
•;-656 Btnampla ........Uij.'..-.^ Sardonic. ..v.-.-.".;i13
- 647 >Vhite\-;Forn V-V.-IOSi '63S O'Connor: .-..'Vi.MOS
.855 nolore : .-.V.1;..>-..-,-io9i- Esr Rosalbra '-..-.. ..V,114 ;
¦ m Fjrst Call.;>:-....ai4l C 4& El. E5tra....V..:;,.106
:'. Fourth i race— Five, and a: half furionjrs; '^hree
y^ar-olds; ielling-J? .'''i.\ : \-'i-' i - v •! • .'i ••'¦.¦•!-¦'.'¦'.• "••
j 627 Aborigine;.. -,.:;.. 107 ' tM'Fine Shot..-::i Jiijft;
: S4O Ziska . ... . . .... ;. : .105 627 Antplnetita. : £i& . .105
. '627 Pevercaux ...;..:11Q : ,4Q4 -"MaivdamUa' ¦.;;-.. 107
891 Tizona. ...... .i,;i.30? •-.;: •-. ; :i; ¦;;]¦.:
. Fifth .raicfe^-Slxf urlpngB.;> ertUnr: - : -?' '¦-'¦.< •
.'Li. Vassal; ;./.....;.. 112 ; i.-.i WllHamF;-'..L..'81
.$l4 Florence Finlc..Jo4 1 632 Rep-ld Hughes.; 91
. 526 Cyprlana W....J.109 . 6lt pelecta '-..-.., :vV»'.. 1«4
• 652 Grand .Sachem. .lo9 4*3 March Sev?ii AY 89
44S St ¦1gjd0r..«.....-.1D6 : 508 Gwld Finder.; v., 91
628 Hattie-Fox..'.;.'. 89 ;a>BNora Jve&..v.V:..104
• +46 Rch.lll«r ¦...¦..•.i..112 .>;•; Me'l'h BurnhamJlo9
?.. IsaJln* ;.,.,;.i».Vj4 226 Charles le.Bel;..l(»
.» Blxth ra'Ge^-One' jniiei' three-year-olds and up
ward. .' ' ' ..', . ":.' : .'j. •¦..-.= .- -.- ;'-.. : • ;' .-.*•
; 643 The Fretter..;..'99 P 481 Malay ..'.., '..!;'. -.106
.654 I>r. .Netnbula.... S9|(477>ZQroaBter V., »'.-.: Ill
(336)Flamora \. :..:,. 84h(58t)Oeys.er ...•...'.- -...ids
643 Marcato ..'...;.';.. 11l 642 TlmemakeT! -.:...114
.646 F. W.:. 8r0de.... 94 (392)L0» Medanos....ll4
(518)Tappan -...w.i:.106 : ;¦-. • .;-..¦
Selections for To-Day.
First racer-Wallens.teln, GUssandp, Preatpme.
¦ Second • race^-McxcorUo, ' Silver Tone, .'Maud
Fergusort. '. '. : - .¦¦."¦ ¦: -. .' '.-. ...
; Third. race-^-HiKh Ho; Sardonic, Rosilbra.
: Fourth ' race— Mandamus, . ; Devereaux, Abor
4Klrie. ; ••• ;•' - •'.= .•' - - . ]¦'¦: ¦¦
Fifth rape— Vassal. Grand Bachcm. Reginald
H'lKhee.' • ¦ .; . . •/ ? ".'.'.-¦.
Blxth raoe— Geyeer, Zoroaster, Tlniemakeri
SPORTING EVENTS OF NEW YEAR'S DAY
been made • for the consolation handicap
over eighteen hptes: • J. W. Byrne. C. R.
Wlrislow. -Aj Carrigan; P. McG. Mcßean.
W;- 8.. Bourn,- S. L. Abbot Jr., Major H.
j. ¦Gallagher, Dr.' Clark, 11. B. Goodwin
arid Charles. Page. ..-.'.
'¦ : The . : foursomes; " that were
scheduled for 'yesterday., morning- on the
links' at Oakland did not. take place,
thqugh the- following .-players- went round
the course:: jEL R.- Folger.H.'.F. Knowles,
T. : KnOWles.'- :W. P.- Johnson. F.
S. i' Stratton,'- H. M: A. Miller.
George S.'. Wlteaton: • W. •A. . Cooke,
now. of Honolulu; George W; McNear Jr;
arid P. E. Bowles:- In the af.ternooh there
was a reception, with music and dancing,
in -the cluhhouse^at which about forty of
the members , wera present* ¦¦
GREYHOUNDS
COURSE WELL
IN THE RAIN
Minnie Wa /^a Wins the
Reserve Stake at Union
Parfc "'•.•.-.¦'
Only the courstng enthusiasts bravedthe
elements yesterday to witness the sport
provided at Union Park. The steady down
pour did not seem to Impair the running
Qualities of either the dogs or the hares.
Judge Grace and his associate officials in
the field were the worst sufferers-, al
though they were bundled up In oilskins.
The rain was so steady that nothing
would shed it completely. : • ..'
Reserve stake— Erwin & tyon's Silver Wings
beat A. Vaiiderwhite's Cymro; R, E, da B t*.
pez's Minnie Wa Wa beat J. P. Thrtfts For-
Klve; J. McEnroe's Nor" West - beat O. J. CMson's
Sunburst: J. L. Ross" Jessica beat Al Austin's
Firm Foe: Maher & Reld-s: Nellie Bawn beat
George Lahusen's Wheel of Fortune- J Ken
nedy's Ever Sure b^at F; A. McComb's LJttle
Jokerr W. Calni'p Imperial beat W. Hi- 'lord's
Revolver; J. - Collins' Matchless beat Eterl &
Knowles' Frogy Morn; E. Geary's : Bonnie
Pasha beat r. F,.Halton**Ttc Tac: Pasha Ken
nels Re-Annex beat 11. Lyri.cn'* Loiterer" Bar
tels Bros.' Beer Brewer beat R. E. de B Lo
pra's Wander: -Erwln & Lyoo's Silver Lyon
Vf nt A.A '. nde rwhtte's Master Gordon; Pasha
Kennels" Sylvia, beat J, - H., Pertyo's pretty
Girl; -Pasha Kennels' .May Hemiwtead beat
Bftj-tel^Bros.' Border's Best; |; J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen beat R. E. de B. Lopez' s Wanda:
H. : Uynch s JLextngton beat W. 11. Jones' Prince
Jerome-. '.--•¦.'.• • " ... • ¦ . ¦
Second ¦ round—Mlnnle 'Wa Wa beat Silver
5' 1 "P : oo J * >sslca v l ? eat >"or*w>st; Ev^r Sure beat
Nellie Bawn: Imperial. b«at Matchless: Bon
nie Payha ' beat^ Re-Annex; Silver Lyon teat
Brer. Brewer: Forest Ou«en beat Sylvia- May
Hein-pstead beat Lexington. . '
Third round— Minnie \ya Wa beat Jessica"
Evpr Sijre beat Imoerial. Silver Lyon beat
ste n d * S^ a: Forest Q«een beat May Hemp
_¦ Fourth round— Mlrnle ¦-¦-.Wa .Wa beat Ever
Sure; Forest Queen beAt Silver Lyon -:
Final— Minnie. -Wa Wa beat Forest Queen
Piiprr.- stake— W. Barry* » Bella Mac beat Jeff
Martenet's Bill Foster- P. 3. McCabe's Crair
Boy beat .Terr Martenet's . Bernal Chief; R E
dP B Lopes-g McGregor: bejit D. J. HealVy's
Nlcaalo; C. U Appleby's UttU Sister beat Joe
The reserve stake was won by R. E. de
B. Lopez's Minnie Wa t\*a, with J. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen . runner-up. In the
final the latter ruled favorite at odds' of
four to one and her defeat saved many
of the. small bettors.. When the course
was won there were, long lines of men be
hind each pool box with, tickets to cash
on Minnie Wa Wa, Forest Queen led
from the slips by a number of lengths
and it seemed she must w'.n handily. She
scored five points and then the Lopez
representative was placed. The hare
proved a strong one and she scored five
points. Forest Queen scored again and
then Minnie Wa Wa killed, scoring the
two points necessary to win, the score be
ing seven to six. • .
Kver Sure and Imperial ran four courses
In the third round before the former won.
In the tirst time from slips they were un
sighted, the hare breaking in toward the
grand stand and escaping. They then ran
two undecided courses, each scoring three
points. At the fourth attempt Ever Sure
won easily: . • . .
Pasha Kennels* Royal Anne proved the
best of the puppies, Craig Boy being run
ner-up. The latter was withdrawn before
the nnal as he had had two long courses.
Bella Mac showed great speed* but was
outworked by Craig Boy when they met
The results in detail follow: ¦ ¦¦ :¦
FATHER Yorke's Lecture.
. irji ¦ cider- t.^' accommodate rnetnbera of
the OaUhclic Truth '.Society, the ¦o{n<-e. t room
2T,' KIVJoiJ-'bunding.' wiH' be open .from 1 to
4-o'clqcJc p. in...«ind .ticket* may be ¦ob
tain^Tor the -l*<-tHr# to h* delivered. l»y
liev. P.'tl'y Vorke in. fit. .Mary's Cathedral
en Wednesday .evening. .- . -. -
Deep Sea Ships Riding at Anchor on New Year's Day in the Off ing.
riia street was pOstrd:'. ."A • hiippy..- New
•»ar t0.%11 our'fifi( ; r.tl.<" and many'per
sson.s interested in; -sliippfng- exchanged the
Kreetir>gs of . the sl.asQii -'with "¦¦Secrettj.r-y-
Emery; Jerry Dailcy. Abe-M arks; .\\'ilji.am ;
r^ow'nes ;an.d : J_. j/ ilcDav-itt,, whose ser
vices haye befri -of 'gveat value, tplthie-shlp
ping citfrirnunity during' t.he past 'year':. •-.
The 'steady d'owhp'oui 1 - rif the rain "see/mcd
to liayp- drowned out-..th-e wateF-frptit con
viviality that -is .customary oj) all-holi
day b. : Tlje s-alooris.we.re- nearly deserted
during a sreat "partof the -ilny and there
was- not 'a .Pi.^n of .a. serious disturbance:
But' the early .hours -of the -day,- between
2 and IS a,- m. were somewhat fruitful of
•cases. nt the' wafer-front Receiving .Hos
pksh", .Ther'p -jvere four' patif.nt-'p to : treat
in a ver>- snort-.tlme, so that- business in
the" surpiciil. way -may be. .described aa
having been ru.shing. •' : .- •' .' ; - '. •¦
\Vithin -the list; few months many sh!p
tn.enls have' been noticirfl. on- -the -wharf
of -the I'acific. .Mail Steamshipr' Company
which were mailed with the. liameof
WUli-am '-Whalley, who.:. was! -once . quite
notorious .'in '-.this: city in connection, with
the': opium smuggling steamer Halcyon.
.The. shipments have included many cases
of vwihe arid ' : large quantities of ' cisars
find o^her articles such' as are needed to
outfit a bar. -The fact has set a lot of
talk afloat; Whalley is reported to be
funning an-arn'usehient .report in Manila
known as' the- -'."Alhambra"-: and doing a
large" tjusiness. ¦'. • : . ¦¦'. '.
• gome of -the-, silverware of!, the transport
.Tartar is missing. :It was lost during the
last trip of= the: vessel . to . the Philippines,
Several Chinese.' have 'been' suspected of
knowing all about the lost .articles. . .The
value is about $350. .-• . ....-.-
f o«itlvely caml fey tJtcso
C ;: jAUie Pins,
\ They also r*lieve Distress from Dyspcpgta,
fod^Ktlon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dixrinrts, Nausea, Drowd*
nessj |Ud Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the SideV TORPID LIVER. TLey
Reflate the Rowels. Purely Vegetable. 4
Sjoall pill. Small Dose*
:> Small Price.
TRAINING SHIP
ADAMS READY
FOR A CRUISE
Will Carry a Number
of Apprentices. :
¦ — • ~ -• ¦ ?
HAWAII IS THE DESTINATION
News ..has.:. been received here from
Washington .tliat.the. ITnited States traln
ins ship Atldinis will be ordered to Pea at
th* cloie-.of th> week. ¦ Captain Goodwin
¦will be in! -cosarnand ?jid.ho will carry, in
addition to avtefolar orei; 150 apprentices.
The cruise 1s to s..<?.aler.fft!:y one: down to
the Ha wajirut.- 'islands -and possibly other
blonds of the^arfiiitrt-lago-. - . .
The, JVdam«--'lias. jwst come out of the
dorks'at :-' Major 1 J^l.xKil, having- been' thor
•ouphly re(ltte'<l ¦ and- overhauled. rWhtn
rlie t-tiip sti-arfts out- of th«? Golden Gaic
.eh* vciU be- tharouglUy eeaworthy :an<v a
coznl(if.s.h'.o iiorn'c- foj*-tli<? apprentice boys
oa. their Tir^r-rjonsr os'ean'tnp..' ¦• •••
¦ ¦¦Tfc(- : obwvi "cf rli«» cru>St).isto give" the
j'oung sui'lent.s fbe first touch, of.thti Baity;
wj-jt. - Th^y *rili:b* trained -in ail th« d*-
tAiis' of acij*'ie': B^aniainßblpv their school
'¦•¦ork '.<?oniln«ir.g""<i"u ib(>ard riustVJhe .same
»-h if U}'« y :ii« ( t been a'sh^r* 1 - .' The-. siiip will
t>e officered t& wxthchek of. ftyt nAral'.^ta
• tlcniipon wi:om. the du-ty .ofiinstrUctioii
xfill dfvaly*. .. ..- '-' • '• -¦ •• -
•At ' HcskSluJu. th» ruiral. approptices w'.ll
¦ebS-.te«.-"- vriui'tlie- 'UATrafljLtt-; guards-'iri a
it*r«?.et -.shoot'TfrfM'^ii!^- Th«rre. Are many
<T«'.-k' .?ijo.ts aiaohw the youijs sailor boys
«.t G'ostx Island ¦.and;tl.u*y .are a.tjxi<>us to
chow. :W»ir- rrf»»ttl;r. ••¦ '••¦'. ¦¦•.•• .:.'
. Tte'Adr.^s reached;. the G<mt Island sta
,-tio-U:'Bwt&at? .^veri'njr. Preparations- will
•be.niade'fqr thr trip ut once;:. .• •. - .
GREAT FLEET OF
FOREIGN SHIPS
IN THE HARBOR
Others Waiting Slant
of the Wind. {
NONE CAME NEW YEAR'S DAY
New Year's day was the dullest on the.
water front in. a long timr. ]Tlve eontinu'ai :
falling of the rain- kept all the customary
loungers housed, and the -svind.'comiiti'jn.a
wore fucli that' there was very- little rnn-.
. rine movement." Neverthe!e?s "rhp view of- ¦
the .-harbor >ya^ so.mtHvhat ; inspiritiujcV
There is a fleet of ut. least. 'a. dozen large
wtnd-jannnors:from various ports, and a'B ;
thoy lay «iuito close together in theclliiig
they -wer»« Imposing.: There has been .a
•pcarcity of larK<? siiips until the- fleet ' i).t
the last -three or. four days.- came hi. V Hi. ;
the -fleet are the German 'snip. Scbwarseo-;
bach from NewcHstlc*. the Pritish' *hiy>
Lyiderhorn from' Hamburg:.-. 'the Uriti^u;'
'.tjhlp-.'AtJsiralla from Cardiff; the Gernsari
l>ark IJirma from- Iqu.lque,\"the' Uririsli
bark Invenrajr.rfroni 'Swansea' and -the.
French bark Jarj;ii«?iite Jilolinas from"
Swansea. A trimmer looking lot of: ves-
>;els is; seldom .«f-«.-n together. 1 .' _••
Not- iii,e deep foa. sajliog- .ycFscl- pfi=SYl'
in through the heads yesterday f mm e:*r]y'
mornintr to late in the afternoon.- There ;
are, Bnppo»edly"; a 'dozen deep sen oraJftj
not far but. The only, vessels' to enter ihej
harbor bet tveen «!nylig)it ii:ul 4 : -p. ..ni. were.
the stoamer Alcatraz from-'Parv Pedro, iii.
ballast for the I-. 12. -White -Lnraber Com
jiahy; the pteamor Sequc>la,'aiso in ballast;
for the. J.. S.- Klmbali : Oo:npany: iito 1
schooner. W. 9.. PheFps from Tecupan. with:
lngis for I. Oiitte. and the stfamer I'ocis. <
Bay from Newport. . The only vessels jha't!
v,-ent out were the : steamrr .National City;.]
for Coquillo Rlv.er.t-'the steamer' Newsboy ;.j
ttje'achooner Wj G.- Jewctt for;Columbia:|
Klvor. the schqoner 3. 13. I^eeds for -Santa-
Uarl»ara ; and -the . steamers Artata- iind'
Lticita for Coos Bay; ! '. : ; :-.'.'":
Thtre was i *:>irit .of- New' Year' cor-
d'a.lity at the ¦olfic.es--.-and stations, of- the-
M»rrnants* Exohafiße yesterday. On th«,
bullptin board of the exchange on Califor-'
MUTINY ON THE
SCOW SCHOONER
AMELIA MARTIN
Captain Oleson Uses
••:,a -"Shotgun.: • y ¦:
TRIES TO SHOOT THE CREW
. There was mutiny' on board the ..scow
schooner Amelia Martin, anchored at
Iversen's ;\\'ood'yard en Berry street> yes
terday morning. ' :" : '¦ '.• ¦¦¦ '¦.'¦ ~ ¦'. ¦
T fhe schooner arrived Saturday: night
from Tiburon with. .a.:c»rgo of wood for
Iveraen"s yard. the. crew.- ..consisted of
Andreas Christian Yen?en, an abi«-bocli«d
seaman and a fellow countryman- of .the.
captain. The'captaln and crew, :did not
pet aJongvsmoothly and the captafn^ used
to enforce hls'- ; ord:ers by taking a fiho.tgtJd
from- his cabin' and thre.ateniiig to-, .bore
holes in the crew. . • ;• .-. , •" : -
Yesterday morning the captain threaten
ed to discharge the. crew, without pay .and
the crew kicked. '.'l' : am-.going: ; t-Q; unload
this cargo," -.said- the-' crew, "right away,
as I want to get my.money." Tne cap
tain dared him to: do- it and went up- ;
town, to celebrate. "He" returned -about
noon with a perceptible "jag" on, and
when he saw the crew- busy at work un
loading the wood in the' midst of the -rain
he shouted: . "DMn't I. fell you riqt .to do
that?" He finished up with words, that
were' more forcible than -'polite.-' ; ¦•' _"• •.
"I wajit my money." retorted the crew.
. The captain staggered to h'.s. cabin and
returned to the deck with his shotgun.
"Now. I will show you -who. is the -captain
of this vessel," he roared .as :he raffed
the gun to his shoulder; The crew thought
at first the skipper .was joking, but when
he saw the muzzle'. of' the gun pointed
at him he sprang forward and shoved
the muzzle aside as thef' weapon exploded.
The shot passed close to his right ..leg.
The gun was wrenched from the captain
: before he' could fire again and 'some of
the. men on a steamer close: by held htm
till Policemen Morrlssey and Nolting ar
rived, lie" -was arrested and taken. to the
City Prison, where a charge of assault to
commit murder was entered against him.:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY; 2, 1000.
MUTINY, STORMS AND MISHAPS BESET SAILORS
Jg||GAnJ tao
556. FIRST RACE -Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $100.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
JL^ •""•.'.' : Steamers leave Broadway
JSftfc— -^ -wharf. San Francisco:
Ill4*r9^^. f° r Alaskan port 3. 10 a. m.,
IK^V^w'S^ Jan - J - 6 - v - 1S - - 1 - 2 *- 3U
lUk fifevaW Feb. 5. chance to company' •
tifios«S^Mll »teamers at Seattle
) BBS^l<r?S*4 For Victoria. Vancouver
t' **^C~S?W (^ ! - *'*• f'" rt Townsend. Se-
' 7**3B| attle. Tacoma. Everett. Any
• . .-^* cortes and New Whatcom
.•.'.• • (Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 1. «.
ii i« n w. si- Feb - 5 - and ever y flfth da '
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company •
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Ta-
coma to N P Ry-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2p. m. Ja n.
4..», 14. 19, 24. 29, Feb. 3. and every flfth day
1 For a santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueo» Port Harford I San Liils Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port JTar-
ford (San Luis Obisp<r>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U a.
m.. Jan- 1. 5, 9. 0, V, 21. :5, 29. Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
• For Ensenada, Magdalena Ray, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. LaPaz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. _,
For further Information obtain company^*
The company reserves the right to ehang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFIOB-t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Tlme—H. •¦Mi; »i. :25;.«x, :3S; %. 1:03. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. ¦ Winner. George W. Miller's b. ra., by Belvldere-Lizzette. • • ,'..-
Winner away well and much the best. Modwena probably short.' Lass a slow beginner.
Libertine. has a suspicious leg. , : ¦ '. V ¦ • -. " ".-..
\ Scratched— Grand Sachem 117, Ballsta. 112. Romany 113 Spry Lark 115. . • '.
557. SECOND RACE-Mile and an eighth selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
$400.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
"• DISPATCH FAST STEAITERS TO
IPOIRTIIi.A.ILSrD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Claa* Xacradtng 6ert>
rArIL SS Second Class and MexU.
State of California Sails Jan. >
Columbia Sails Dec. 29. Jan. S
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
TuroLgh tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market at
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., *.. .
-/ ¦¦ Surerlntendents.
558 THIRD RACE - One mile: selling: three-year-olds and apward: purse $400
AMERICAN LINE.
FXVTOEK, SOUTHAKPTO.I. LONDON, FASn.
¦' 6toppli»£ at Cherbourg, westbound.
TT-om New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York... Jan. 3'New York Jan. 14
Bt. Louis Jan. 10 St. Louis Jan. SI
St. Paul ...Jan. 17. St. Paul .....Feb. 7
.¦'¦ 7. RED STAR USE.
r - ; ; ¦ New Yorfc an-i Antwerp.
Fnjm New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Wrsternland ....Dec. 271 Aragonla ........Jan. 17
Kensington .....Jan. 3rFrlesland Jan. 24
Noordland ......Jan. 10| Southwark .. Jan. Si
:.:..:•:;¦: : -' : EMPIRE LINE. \ ''¦•¦.
¦¦¦ SeaMle. Sr. Michael. Dawson City. .-•
For full Information regarding freight and
' -.- passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
559. FO RTH RACE-One mile and sixteenth: Year's handicap: three-year-olds
and upward: purse $400
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS TVILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- iier of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, eallln* at
Kobe <Hio«o>. Najraxaki and Shanghai, and
connecting: at Hongkon? with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ¦
HONGKONG MARL* Tuesday. Jan. II
NIPPON MARf Friday. Feb. I
AMERICA MARK i Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freldht and. passage apply at company's office.
421 Market Ftrfet. corner First.
W. H. A VERY, General Agent.
: @nwintt"SS,. B ?? l ur? i r tair -
Favorite Lin» Round the VTorld. via Hawalt
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suea.
England, etc.; 1610 first class.
i. D. SfrfECXELS a ttROS.CO.. Agts.. 114 Montiramtn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Frei C M 0n c ?.327 MarkitSt
560. FIFTH RACE-O ne mile and a quarter: hurdle handicap: four-year-old and up
wards purse: $400
COMPAONIB OENERALS TBANSATLAHTIQCI.
DIKECT UXETO lI A\T "-PARIS. -^^
Palling every ThursJay In3t*;i,l of
fatjrday, frcm November 2. liO3. a' ¦i*>^s*al
10 a. m.. from Pl«r 42, North River, foot of
Morton «t. LA XORMANDIE. Jan «• LA
CHAMPAGNE. Jan. U; LA AQUITAINE Jan.
13; LA OASCOGNE. Jan. 23. First class Si
Havre, »60 and upward; 5 per cent redtjctlon oa
round trip. Bacond class to Havre, $43; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR TTNITED STATES AND CA>£
ADA. 32 Eroart-way (Hudson building) New
York. J. F. : FVGAZI & CO.. Pacific' Coast
Agent*. 5 Montgomery »v». San Francisco.
561. SIXTH RACE-Six furlongs: handicap: three-year-olds and upward: purse, $300.
BAY AND fiTVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. HAVY-YARD AHdTaLLEJoT
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »fi
a. m., J:l5, 8:30 p m. (ex. Thur». night). Frl.
Cays, Ip. m. and 8:S0; Sundays. 10:30 a. m 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Deck.
Pier Xow 2. Telephone Main 150 S. ~"
rARE .Mo
6
ndex. Horse. Ate. .Weight. I St.
Urn. %m. *;m. Str. Fin.
I
I • .. (Bettinc.
| Jockeys. Op. CI.
— ! ] "
_ i
COO Loving Cup 5 ...115 1
... Juva, 4...; 111 5
... Xora Ives, 4.: ill 4
234 Mod-.vena, 4.. ..ill 3
GS9 Braw Lass, 4 ..,115 6
405 El 8;ilado. 5... :ilfi 9'
... Mad Anthony, 4 116110
513 Uenamela, a 117J11 '
... Antlvh. 4 -...113 8 ""
... Oiv. Sheehan, a 120 7 .
226 Libertine, a... 120| 2
549 Oreyhurst. 6 ....117| I*»ft
... 11 11 ... .12
4 1 3 h ... ?h
3 h 2 4 ... . 3 V 4
3 »4 . 4 h ... 4 1
... 7 1 7 1 ... 5 n
9 1 6 3: ... 6 5
10 1 B\i . 72 •
11 10 ... 8
8 1 9U, ... 9 .
8 1 5 2 .... 10
6 h U ... 11
E. Jones.. 4-5 1
Henry 10 12
Jenkins ....... S 10
N. Hill 6 8
Spencer ....... 6 8
R. Ross 6 8
Hennessey. ... 10 SO
KUey 10 3»
Vlttltoe ....... 5 10
U. Turner 10 20
H. Shields 6 10
Dullman 8 10
• :. ! ¦.•:-¦-. ¦ •¦•. ¦¦¦•¦¦ 1 .:•., ¦•••- • I . . - ¦ ¦ I Betting,
ndex. HorMi-' AKe.-.Welght.JSt; \'%m. . %m.-, ;: %m. .• \ • Stn iFln;'.'] ..Jockeys. Op. Cl.
633 M<-ad6*thr*pif, .6....112- 2 1 1 "1 2 ' :.l 1 : 12-= 12.. E: Jones.;-..... 2 11-C
•553' SiuitKart. 4..V..-...;;-10*M " ' '-2 1 "2% ¦ ": t 't-'\ ¦-.•' TH V: *•*•- Bullmaii 6 ' 7
: 649/. DWI. Paso 11, :^.....;112 B. • "! :;i 1- •: 3 S % iZ I • S- 2 Spencer ....... 6 7-2
(4.'d) qhtmura; *?.¦-...: .AQi ¦¦ 1 "1 4. .7 3 ;.7 «• ¦.- 6 1 •' -4 h - Vlttitoe . 4 7
Bp? .Coda, a.:..-;..' ..107, S • 3h ;.4 1 -.-iti \" 4 1 ' -6 1= Jenkins: ....... 10 20
635 Fortis, 4...".-.iV. 100 B¦'. 8 2 : S'2O : :*SJ .€ 2 v 63 • Buchanan,.... 12 .. 2a
. 63.6 .nuf0rd.8. !.......... 55. 7 ,-6h •: 63 TSlr• r 7 1 :-: -7 I- J; arartln.v.... 8 12
S3* Cr(s.iriwell. a.i:....,..108 8. .6 3 :* h :6'2 ; .' 820 •' S5O T; Walsh.:.:.. 4 8
¦4H6, Oi-aitM?*.. 4. ....:..,.., 1»0 .9- • -.9 ¦'. •!$ : ; S •" ... 9 ' r " -.'V"' Pbe1an. :....'.... '30 •$»
t5» Owyhfe. 4. y.j;.-. ...... .103 :Kl<!ked at post —....,*'¦ ••>¦¦. :.".' . HHnann ¦..:... 8: . 15
; ' ¦:Tita6— H. :UH; H,::39i4;-.*i 1:05^; %;• .1:32;. m!le..l:«:"lHm.'tls"%*" l .Str«*Ung: start.' Won
easily, •; Second: 3,1x1 third -driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr's, b.; h.,. fey. fmp. Kantaka-Baby.
: ,:Me.adowthorpe. '.only ¦' galloped.] : Ghlmura . badly 1 , cut .off. on' .swoijd •• turn. ' promwell, away
.•from thet»pst poorly.:, rhowcd to ¦ome advaritac'e.' . Owyhee Ictck'ed-'vnd excused by Judees.
. ;•= -8f retched— Tom--Calvejrt 105.- '¦ : ',';'•'' ¦"¦ •¦-¦::-.-'C ''-J •• S • =" !
index. Horn's. : As*--..tV"ej.ght. St.- '' . : \ivti* rr%taV:
11*) Cyrfi: 5:....V..i.....::i0T 1 ¦• '.-2 2- \ll '
.S.-.3 ; 6?otA Plaid,; 5../.... Hi .3 . I H • " 2:^
(S«> Wjrnmihr. a*;~i.»ilO7 -7. . . 6 2 ' '°*:i--~
: (m)-Mer6t>*. 4. ;.;..;„;.. .--..ICS *? . '-:7* : -.- 82
(54<) XJ errj'. 86y^ : 6 ', : ....... 107 « . . . S H • : 3 i
(53?) Allenna. 3. %,.'„...% 85 2.- / « H /: ;6^'
• .*> •pOKtoi<n. s..i..:..Mrili<>' : 5'- ' ;. : E I-" '•7.8 •
'. .:.:.- Klstioip- R<?6d,c6:..-.f:11,4 4- '¦.-.*' '-S-- "
r- "' ¦ ' ¦•.•¦•.-¦¦•.¦. ¦¦". -«, Bettln*.
•;. Siip'i- 3 Btr^- • . Flni :-; -Jock«yg.- Op. • Cl«
. \.i'X-l : .?;,1 • 1h ' J. Walsh... i.. .7 - 10
;.2 1 ••.--: 2.1.; ,;2n- U. J0ne5:....... I 7
• 4*4 ". >:3 3 ' •S 4. Spencer ....^,. t ¦ «-B
•;'•:«*;¦ '-it.* "¦¦:¦•• *M : Pulimun .ii... 4 8-2
: , 3' 1 •;. - •• -4 2-. •' - 5 lff ; Jenkins. ......: ; .8 6
;<6 •& '¦ '¦'' B1 : . .6 S . J.V Martin.,,... .8 .IS
?¦{? Sf&fl-.l?- ¦¦¦¦ IA-' Vlttito* ..;.... 20 10
••.;8 '; • V ; S ; :: . 8 •¦¦ Ji. Shtcldai;:... < 10
inO£x±i Hdrse-. Age. '.. Weight.' .St, : ; ¦¦'¦¦
¦ (H4j>. rbiehie; : * ;•.-;./. .:;;hois -2 '¦¦' ¦•
<ZZS) lmj>pfioas..- E 'i.i.VjiiOS 1 •""•
• -.541 : Moririe'l. .B |.wJ i,109J,.8V: •
U\ - Tppfnast. • a >:.:.... lIS 4'- •¦
' (4TS), Daisy . y. &.'. ¦¦¦: jiO7f 3 r - ¦•
• Ml" .;
¦2m • ¦
•< i ¦¦•: •
:.3 h :
.- 6 ¦•;:
\ Mm- : %'m/:;- Btr.'.":" Fiii.' ; Jockeysi. Op. cl!
+ R. i ••. ;-i 3-.- .% 2 : ; ; .ii' ¦-. t. waish..... * ~H
•2.2. >2:H- : 3 1-,~ 2J& G. Jones 4 IS^S
¦:.ah. ; ;8 I'-. ¦'• Sh "'" ' • 3' n •¦•Ifmilmari- .'.- 5 jo
¦;&"•• ;.;8. ¦••• ' 6..-.'' :.4 3:' •"• Jsppnc»r ?v... 4•' 10
¦:¦¦<•.% ¦• !f-r";: : 4 %-.-•• B; .-;.. vutttof':. ..;.... l 4-5
irittfe.- Hiw-ge--Ae^i}V»'efeH, f£ £&n*V: a^n*. :: - -.%m. : Vstr.;. /..Flo;;' '' " Jocki^ysi . Op tU ci!
:(453)-.SlbnUa.- .a' :,::.:. .'4^ 3•..-.¦3 •..-.¦ J-i W.. :1 H ' M . •"¦•i'S : :' : -I V "''. Lenhart ..;... 7-10 7-10
'¦ 4Kt. Rogsmare,. a .a 129 2 .- ; 44.:!6 .2?. ? I.' : • Z.i:. Mauler • •
•¦ 4e» ri TJ./.a .;-.>:. ;.;.... vi5e i ;. -;:z 1 --4 5 Why.. '¦ 3v\ -¦ .23 •• ]j. suiuvan...! 5 7
<4?S) Medaier. a ../.....J35 .4; rll 2 H » I '¦¦ ¦ fl- ; : 4 12/ Roultler ..„. 7-5 3
*65. Una Cfplora<lQ;a..;4?7 5 .•.*.•» 6 . : ; 6 t 5, Evans ..., 8' 7
Index.- Hang. Aw'- Weight. St. «m. Hm. : %ni:. ': Htr. j Fin. . : Jockeys: ; Op."'^!
:• «3 Geyser. 6 ...........119 2 ' ?;. ; . \i\y, : ,1 t$ : ; 1 1 :. .14 ' Spencer ...... Ti 6^5
(£2l) Ben Led!. 4. ;...... ..110 3 ...- -42. 3t: .82;. 2 1 XV I^ss.! 6 8
£2s. Frank Bell. 4.. ....,115 4 . : ... lh •21: : 2 1 : 3 2 Conley .-....„ 5 g
484 Hlo Chlco. 4..; aOO 1 .... 8 1 6 3., 64.44 Henry 8 lft
(524) Sybarls. 6 ...;.... ?110 5, ... 5 1--4' i 42 54 E Jones!!::" 213-5
637 Runello, 3 ....... ;.VlOO 6 •.;. 61. 61 61 ¦: 6»i J. Martin 10 20
»7 Deepy v 3 :vlol 7 ¦-,¦ ... 7. ;7,.: 7 ; 7 T. Walah. .'.'.-. 6 10
irittfe.- Hiw-ge--Ae^i}V»'efeH, f£ £&n*V: a^n*. :: - -.%m. : Vstr.;. /..Flo;;' '' " Jocki^ysi . Op tU ci!
:(453)-.SlbnUa.- .a' :,::.:. .'4^ 3•..-.¦3 •..-.¦ J-i W.. :1 H ' M . •"¦•i'S : :' : -I V "''. Lenhart ..;... 7-10 7-10
'¦ 4Kt. Rogsmare,. a .a 129 2 .- ; 44.:!6 .2?. ? I.' : • Z.i:. Mauler • •
•¦ 4e» ri TJ./.a .;-.>:. ;.;.... vi5e i ;. -;:z 1 --4 5 Why.. '¦ 3v\ -¦ .23 •• ]j. suiuvan...! 5 7
<4?S) Medaier. a ../.....J35 .4; rll 2 H » I '¦¦ ¦ fl- ; : 4 12/ Roultler ..„. 7-5 3
*65. Una Cfplora<lQ;a..;4?7 5 .•.*.•» 6 . : ; 6 t 5, Evans ..., 8' 7
index. Horn's. : As*--..tV"ej.ght. St.- '' . : \ivti* rr%taV:
11*) Cyrfi: 5:....V..i.....::i0T 1 ¦• '.-2 2- \ll '
.S.-.3 ; 6?otA Plaid,; 5../.... Hi .3 . I H • " 2:^
(S«> Wjrnmihr. a*;~i.»ilO7 -7. . . 6 2 ' '°*:i--~
: (m)-Mer6t>*. 4. ;.;..;„;.. .--..ICS *? . '-:7* : -.- 82
(54<) XJ errj'. 86y^ : 6 ', : ....... 107 « . . . S H • : 3 i
(53?) Allenna. 3. %,.'„...% 85 2.- / « H /: ;6^'
• .*> •pOKtoi<n. s..i..:..Mrili<>' : 5'- ' ;. : E I-" '•7.8 •
'. .:.:.- Klstioip- R<?6d,c6:..-.f:11,4 4- '¦.-.*' '-S-- "
r- "' ¦ ' ¦•.•¦•.-¦¦•.¦. ¦¦". -«, Bettln*.
•;. Siip'i- 3 Btr^- • . Flni :-; -Jock«yg.- Op. • Cl«
. \.i'X-l : .?;,1 • 1h ' J. Walsh... i.. .7 - 10
;.2 1 ••.--: 2.1.; ,;2n- U. J0ne5:....... I 7
• 4*4 ". >:3 3 ' •S 4. Spencer ....^,. t ¦ «-B
•;'•:«*;¦ '-it.* "¦¦:¦•• *M : Pulimun .ii... 4 8-2
: , 3' 1 •;. - •• -4 2-. •' - 5 lff ; Jenkins. ......: ; .8 6
;<6 •& '¦ '¦'' B1 : . .6 S . J.V Martin.,,... .8 .IS
?¦{? Sf&fl-.l?- ¦¦¦¦ IA-' Vlttito* ..;.... 20 10
••.;8 '; • V ; S ; :: . 8 •¦¦ Ji. Shtcldai;:... < 10
inO£x±i Hdrse-. Age. '.. Weight.' .St, : ; ¦¦'¦¦
¦ (H4j>. rbiehie; : * ;•.-;./. .:;;hois -2 '¦¦' ¦•
<ZZS) lmj>pfioas..- E 'i.i.VjiiOS 1 •""•
• -.541 : Moririe'l. .B |.wJ i,109J,.8V: •
U\ - Tppfnast. • a >:.:.... lIS 4'- •¦
' (4TS), Daisy . y. &.'. ¦¦¦: jiO7f 3 r - ¦•
• Ml" .;
¦2m • ¦
•< i ¦¦•: •
:.3 h :
.- 6 ¦•;:
\ Mm- : %'m/:;- Btr.'.":" Fiii.' ; Jockeysi. Op. cl!
+ R. i ••. ;-i 3-.- .% 2 : ; ; .ii' ¦-. t. waish..... * ~H
•2.2. >2:H- : 3 1-,~ 2J& G. Jones 4 IS^S
¦:.ah. ; ;8 I'-. ¦'• Sh "'" ' • 3' n •¦•Ifmilmari- .'.- 5 jo
¦;&"•• ;.;8. ¦••• ' 6..-.'' :.4 3:' •"• Jsppnc»r ?v... 4•' 10
¦:¦¦<•.% ¦• !f-r";: : 4 %-.-•• B; .-;.. vutttof':. ..;.... l 4-5
Index.- Hang. Aw'- Weight. St. «m. Hm. : %ni:. ': Htr. j Fin. . : Jockeys: ; Op."'^!
:• «3 Geyser. 6 ...........119 2 ' ?;. ; . \i\y, : ,1 t$ : ; 1 1 :. .14 ' Spencer ...... Ti 6^5
(£2l) Ben Led!. 4. ;...... ..110 3 ...- -42. 3t: .82;. 2 1 XV I^ss.! 6 8
£2s. Frank Bell. 4.. ....,115 4 . : ... lh •21: : 2 1 : 3 2 Conley .-....„ 5 g
484 Hlo Chlco. 4..; aOO 1 .... 8 1 6 3., 64.44 Henry 8 lft
(524) Sybarls. 6 ...;.... ?110 5, ... 5 1--4' i 42 54 E Jones!!::" 213-5
637 Runello, 3 ....... ;.VlOO 6 •.;. 61. 61 61 ¦: 6»i J. Martin 10 20
»7 Deepy v 3 :vlol 7 ¦-,¦ ... 7. ;7,.: 7 ; 7 T. Walah. .'.'.-. 6 10
• :. ! ¦.•:-¦-. ¦ •¦•. ¦¦¦•¦¦ 1 .:•., ¦•••- • I . . - ¦ ¦ I Betting,
ndex. HorMi-' AKe.-.Welght.JSt; \'%m. . %m.-, ;: %m. .• \ • Stn iFln;'.'] ..Jockeys. Op. Cl.
633 M<-ad6*thr*pif, .6....112- 2 1 1 "1 2 ' :.l 1 : 12-= 12.. E: Jones.;-..... 2 11-C
•553' SiuitKart. 4..V..-...;;-10*M " ' '-2 1 "2% ¦ ": t 't-'\ ¦-.•' TH V: *•*•- Bullmaii 6 ' 7
: 649/. DWI. Paso 11, :^.....;112 B. • "! :;i 1- •: 3 S % iZ I • S- 2 Spencer ....... 6 7-2
(4.'d) qhtmura; *?.¦-...: .AQi ¦¦ 1 "1 4. .7 3 ;.7 «• ¦.- 6 1 •' -4 h - Vlttitoe . 4 7
Bp? .Coda, a.:..-;..' ..107, S • 3h ;.4 1 -.-iti \" 4 1 ' -6 1= Jenkins: ....... 10 20
635 Fortis, 4...".-.iV. 100 B¦'. 8 2 : S'2O : :*SJ .€ 2 v 63 • Buchanan,.... 12 .. 2a
. 63.6 .nuf0rd.8. !.......... 55. 7 ,-6h •: 63 TSlr• r 7 1 :-: -7 I- J; arartln.v.... 8 12
S3* Cr(s.iriwell. a.i:....,..108 8. .6 3 :* h :6'2 ; .' 820 •' S5O T; Walsh.:.:.. 4 8
¦4H6, Oi-aitM?*.. 4. ....:..,.., 1»0 .9- • -.9 ¦'. •!$ : ; S •" ... 9 ' r " -.'V"' Pbe1an. :....'.... '30 •$»
t5» Owyhfe. 4. y.j;.-. ...... .103 :Kl<!ked at post —....,*'¦ ••>¦¦. :.".' . HHnann ¦..:... 8: . 15
; ' ¦:Tita6— H. :UH; H,::39i4;-.*i 1:05^; %;• .1:32;. m!le..l:«:"lHm.'tls"%*" l .Str«*Ung: start.' Won
easily, •; Second: 3,1x1 third -driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr's, b.; h.,. fey. fmp. Kantaka-Baby.
: ,:Me.adowthorpe. '.only ¦' galloped.] : Ghlmura . badly 1 , cut .off. on' .swoijd •• turn. ' promwell, away
.•from thet»pst poorly.:, rhowcd to ¦ome advaritac'e.' . Owyhee Ictck'ed-'vnd excused by Judees.
. ;•= -8f retched— Tom--Calvejrt 105.- '¦ : ',';'•'' ¦"¦ •¦-¦::-.-'C ''-J •• S • =" !
ndex. Horse. Ate. .Weight. I St.
Urn. %m. *;m. Str. Fin.
I
I • .. (Bettinc.
| Jockeys. Op. CI.
— ! ] "
_ i
COO Loving Cup 5 ...115 1
... Juva, 4...; 111 5
... Xora Ives, 4.: ill 4
234 Mod-.vena, 4.. ..ill 3
GS9 Braw Lass, 4 ..,115 6
405 El 8;ilado. 5... :ilfi 9'
... Mad Anthony, 4 116110
513 Uenamela, a 117J11 '
... Antlvh. 4 -...113 8 ""
... Oiv. Sheehan, a 120 7 .
226 Libertine, a... 120| 2
549 Oreyhurst. 6 ....117| I*»ft
... 11 11 ... .12
4 1 3 h ... ?h
3 h 2 4 ... . 3 V 4
3 »4 . 4 h ... 4 1
... 7 1 7 1 ... 5 n
9 1 6 3: ... 6 5
10 1 B\i . 72 •
11 10 ... 8
8 1 9U, ... 9 .
8 1 5 2 .... 10
6 h U ... 11
E. Jones.. 4-5 1
Henry 10 12
Jenkins ....... S 10
N. Hill 6 8
Spencer ....... 6 8
R. Ross 6 8
Hennessey. ... 10 SO
KUey 10 3»
Vlttltoe ....... 5 10
U. Turner 10 20
H. Shields 6 10
Dullman 8 10? OvO ?O-«-O*O->O *>O ? O<*O-*O »O »O* Of-
f¥PEHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
? IS A tfatural Mineral Water £
q EnR with medicinal qualities, O
o /I|*jA or and °
o Stonach Disorders, o
l iMk 50 ™ 1 ™ vichy !
t feiiili IN 'SIPHONS I
I tvjcjjL* !SJ!SJ'VJ SHY I
t i^Ull Get the Genulna ?
O A. VIGNIER. Dlstrlbutlnar Agent^
?O*OvOvOtOvO»Oju*O*O>O>O*O»
choir pews to entrance. One thousand in
vitations had been Issued, and though- a
number of these were mailed to relatives
and friends In the East; Europe and the
Orient, enough were accepted of those
sent friends here and In San Francisco
to make the affair one of the largest ever
witnessed in the edifice, which has' been
the scene of many similar functions. ; '
The church haii been boautifuly deco
ratfd for the ceremony. Along each wall
were t>stoons of Christmas greens, while
<=-ach column was encircled by a gre«?n
garland. Behind the altar a great star
uf whin- light? (.'learned and showed »ne
dainty interlacement of holly and smilax.
Cut palms completed the decorations be
hind the altar and were continued to the
choir pews, which were almost hidden in
fronds and leaves.
Promptly at 8 o'clock the bridal party
advanced toward the altar to the strains
of Mendelssohn's wedding march, Robert
Clarence Newell at the organ. As the
bride and her attendants appeared the
pretty color effect of the costuming could
WEDDED ON
NEW YEAR
MISS MAIE TUCKER BECOMES
MRS. A. MACDONALD.
Oakland's First Wedding of the Year
Is a High Church Affair Large
ly Attended by Society.
nAKLAND. Jan. I.— The wedding of
Mips Male Tucker, the charming
fiaug:hu-r of Mrs. J. C. Tucker, and
Augustin Macdonald this evening
was an ever.t that filkd St. Paul's Ep-s
< opal Church, on Harrison etreet, from
FAILED}; OH IVVAY^O CHURCH
DID NbT RECOVEJt -AND.'PASSEiD;
AWAY;. BEFORE;;:DAWN;
*lrs.- :F.:.; M. ¦':• Smith' VPtistpoied ¦;. Her;
Elaboratiß i ;l£ec.epiiaii'-.^Out;-;' of
; )\}i : l- jß^jpiect ,t'to' vHer'^^: v :
¦/• : ;i;-;.y ;:^i:;"^M|inoryJ l >^: :',;-v: ',;-v ;.
SORROW DIMMED
THE NEW YEAR'S
JOY IN OAKLAND
$u del efi DeMh;;p^^/I rO.
r ck .^,^ : Hali.: : v '
Cycle Way Formally Opened.
PASADENA. Jan. I.— A mile and a half
of the elevated cycle way now under pro
cess of construction between hero and
Death of D. W. Parkhurst.
BERKELEY, Jan. I.— News was re
ceived in the university town to-day of
the death of D. W. Parkhurst. an old res
ident of this city. Mr. Parkhurst was a
wealthy vlneyardist. and his death oc
curred near one of his ranches at Fresnc.
The remains will be shipped to Berkeley
to-day, and the funeral will be held from
The Woman Barber.
Women barbers are not uncommon In
the downtown Italian shops, but the first
one. to appear in a Broadway shop has re
cently begun work In. the theater district.
She has been shaving and cutting hair for
nearly three years, and she says that she
is a member of the barbers' union. . She is
more expert in her work than the average
male barber, and she has a way of dis
couraging conversation that indicates an
ability to take care of herself. She is neat
and good to look at,, and she says that her
homo Is In Ohio.— New York Sun.
IMPRISONED DROP OF WATER.
A Pebble for Which • Larjfe Sums
Have Beisn Offered. "¦_¦-.. .'"'.'¦
A remarkable pebble, which was picked
up somewhere tn Egypt, that land of dark
mysteries, is in the possession of a well
known lapidist on Twelfth street, near
Walnut. The stone is translucent, and
a.% a casual glance looks like an ordinary
seashore pebble. It is about half the size
of a walnut and oval In shape. When the
stone is held to the light its remarkable
peculiarity is beheld. Inside Is a drop of
water that circles- about the Interior.
How It got there Is a mystery that na
ture alone can solve. The surface of the
stone Is perfect, but there is no doubt of
the hollow Interior. The pebble is only
Interesting as a curiosity, but many
wealthy Institutions have offered good
round sums of money for It. The owner,
however, will never let it get out of his
possession, as it was given him by an
old Bailor friend, who drowned several
years ago.— Philadelphia Record.
BERKELEY SEEKS A
BETTER GYMNASIUM
BERKELEY. Jan. I.— The University of
California has In -view extensive Improve
ments in the equipments and methods em
ployed in the department of physical cul
ture, and with that end In view Professor
Walter Magee, director of physical cuN
ture, will leave for the East to-morrow to
Inspect the gymnasiums of all the leading
collfges and universities. • : ¦ •
While traveling:'- Professor Magee •will
visit Harvard. Yale.: Columbia, Chicago,
Cornell, Princeton and all the colleges
whose athletic standing places them' in
the front rank. He will make a mlnnte
study of the details of their gymnasium
buildlngfl, of the course of physical train-
Ing adopted and pf : the different equip
ments with which: the buildings are pro-
Wedding of Lily Baker
and Octave V. Fortin
OAKLAND. Jan I.— The mar- : ¦ . ¦¦¦ .
riage of Miss Lily Baker, a
popular young lady of Oakland f'fijr-/*. , j^^ 4^^^_<s
society, and Mr. Octave Victor V'J^vQj^'r ¦^^^^^^^^^'S?
Fortin of the firm of V. J.. 3v\^Z^ (j2L n^E»\J
Fortln <t Son, brick contractor', was \S&!c !%( -^&dP
pnirmrilzed at the residence of the c\j'/ ty s\ *£+ ''^2} * ' \v
bribe's mother, 562 Fifth street, ih?a yjf ¦.].¦¦ |
city, at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Rev. £-?/ ; ;'. ¦\t*& ! ''' ]/jff ¦ Ai
Dr. R. T. Coyle, pastor of the Vlrst // , V;* • »;,/^- • : '.. >]
Presbyterian Church, officiating. ¦¦.'.. . If- . : .; '¦. : - ¦'.. '¦-. ¦.^NiiS^^ijv ;: ' '•¦ ' 11
Owing to the recent death '.f th<» \\ <? 7
bride's father, Peter Baker, the wecl- \\ ' ygCgrffiTsirAlYV'- V >? Vv //
ding was a quiet affair. Mls-s Ida I I *fA\lS^/l
Baker. Fl.-ter of the bride, was the f I^1". jlvaßM
bridesmaid and Dr. Edward David '^Vr^^lf ///Mjil/l J /^ / c/zr£^t\
• lir<.i:x of San Francisc acted as best V
man. After the ceremony a wedding 'sZ^-^^^^^s^
supper was served and early this oven- l^gcg^n ¦^*^^/i^S
Ing the newly wedded couple left on ¦; '¦ : ik^*^
their honeymoon trip, to be enioyed in ; : v >'" .. v; ; '•T^V. • :'.C .T
Southern California. On tholr return .• . ¦¦"'¦. ¦'' • ¦. •¦"¦¦:• .;"'.'.••¦
Mr. and Mrs. Fortin will reside at tho MISS LILT. BAKER. ;. :
Baker residence. The bride was the recipient of many handsome and/valu
able presents. ¦ i:'<vV ¦.: : ¦' ¦¦• ¦ • . ¦¦ ' ! . .'
YOUNG PRIESTS CELEBRATE
THEIR FIRST MASS
WERE ORDAINED RECENTLY BY
CARDINAL GIBBONS.
Rev. Father O'Malley Intones at St.
Patrick's and Father Moran at
St. Rose's Church.
Rev. Thomas O'Malley and Rev. James
F. Moran. the two young Californians
who were ordained by Cardinal Gibbons
In Philadelphia a few weeks ago. cele
brated their first mass yesterday morn
ing. Father Moran said his mass in St.
Rose's Church, where he as a boy served
as an acolyte. The sacred edifice wns
crowded . with the friend 3 of the young
priest. Hp was assisted at the altar by
the venerable Father Nugent, pastor of
the parish Rev. Cornelius E. Kennedy as
deacon and Rev. William E. McGeough as
sub-deacon. The latter was also ordalr.cd
at the same time, and he sang his first
mass on Sunday last In Holy Cross
Church, when he in turn was assisted by
Fathers Moran and O'Malley. ¦'• ¦¦?--.¦:.*¦'
Rev. Pet*r C. Yorke. pastor of St.
Peter's, preached the sermon, and in part
he paid:
"Th*" priest represents not himself alone,
but the person of Christ. He stands as
the medium between God and man. This
is the foundation for the respect and hon
or that Is gi\>?n to the priest, and that ie
why his people call him by that most ten
der name. 'Father.' It is well to think of
thepe things on an occasion like this,
when we are colled together to listen to
the firet mas^ from one who went out
from this parish as a student and now re
turns to you as n priest."
Rev. Father O'Malley said mass at St.
Patrick's. The edifice was also crowded,
many of the congregation finding it neces
sary to stand during the impressive cere
monies. The young priest was assisted
by Rev. Father Collopy as deacon. Rev.
William McKinnon is sub-deacon and
Rev. Father Dempsey as master of cere
monies. Father Gallagher preached an
eloquent sermon appropriate to the occa
sion. ~ t A '.L"
The music In both churches was a spe
cial feature and was rendered by aug
mented choirs.
Los Angeles was formally opened to the
public ta-day by a party of twelve, wheel
men. About : 1000 people patronised the
novelty the first day; : The path is of
boards elevated to a height, of ten to
twenty ffet. Wire fences along the sides 1
prevent accident. . \ :• : •••;.•.-.¦
PRINCE OF VERONIA WINS.
Hard Drive for the New. Year Hand-
icap at New Orleans,
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. I.— The .'New-
Tear Handicap proved the best/race on
to-day's card. Prince of Veronia and Red
Cross II waging a battle royal In the last
eighth. Both horses were driven to the
limit down the stretch and at the wire
the Prince had a short neck the better of
it. Clawson, who had the mounfon Red
Cross 11, claimed a foul on the ground
that he had been interfered with in the
stretch, but it was not allowed. Uhlers,
which was well backed in the last race,
was the only winning favorite. The
weather was clear; the track heavy. Re
sults:
Selling, one mile and seventy yards— School
Girl won, Manllus second, Frank McConnell
third. Time, 1:53.
One mile— Magic Light won. Frangible sec
ond, Chlckamauga third. Time, 1:4H4,
Selling, ons mile and flve-elghths— Pancharm
won. Our Nellie second. False Lead third
Time. 3:<A .
New Tear's handicap, one mile— Prince of
Veronla won. lied Cross II second. Miss Mac
Day third. Time. 1:«S%.
Selling, one mile — Uhlers won. Old Fox »ec
ond. Bright Night third. Time. 1:45.
MORE CHINESE ARRESTED.
Officers Capture Sixteen Men Fishing
Illegally.
TIBURON, Jan. I.— Constable George
Agnew and Deputy Fish Commissioner
Alfonso Miller left this place early this
morning for Point San Pedro in the
launch Norwood, where they seized three
junks and arrested sixteen Chinese for
illegal fishing. What will be done with
the prisoners on their arrival at San Ra
fael Is a question. The Jail is already
overcrowded with the results of yester
day's raid and an annex to the establish
ment will be needed if the arrests con
tinue.
Edward Brookfleld Dead.
PASADENA, Jen. I.— Edward Brookfleld
of Sterling, 111., died here to-day, aged 39.
He was a prominent manufacturer of
burial cases, beginning at the ago of 19
and working till he became one of the
leading manufacturers In Illinois. He
came nere three weeks ago broken In
health from overwork.
J. A. FOSTER
Oakland Office San-Francisco Call.
. ;• : "\ 9<)S Broadway,' Jan. 1.
•John A,, poster, one of- the. pioneers; of
Oakland, was struck by-a- San Pablo ave
nue car at 1:45 o'clock this afternoon and
received Injuries that are almost certain to
result fatally. -His skull was fractured. at
the base- of :th«^ brain and : he suffered a
severe hemorrhage of the. left ear and be
came uricdrisctous as soon as he was taken
to the receiving hospital/-; : .":
injured man had Just purchased a
Cigar at; Rosenberg's cigar store and was
running 'to- catch an upbound car at the
Corner of Broaclway and Tenth street. A
6ar coming frpni the 1 opposite direction
was passing; th 6 crossing, at the same
time, and struck Mr. . Foster squarely,
knocking him flat on hls back. The fender
refused to work and the victim's head was
jammed against: the hard asphalt pave
ment, with great, force. : The motorman
managed. tP bring the car: to a standstill
and it did hot .pass entirely over the
stricken man's :bodv\ ¦ • ; - . ¦• : i
"Several persons who saw the occurrence
Immediately extricated Mr. Foster from
his position under the car and carried him
Into the Qwl drug store.. The police am
bulance was then summoned and the In
jured man was taken to the receiving hos
pital, where h& was treated by Drs. Strat
ton and. Taylor,- :• ;•
"The skull Is badly fractured at the
base of the brain," said Dr. Stratton, "and
there is little, tr any, hope of Mr. Fos
ter's recovery. ¦ His left side Is somewhat
paralyzed: and- It -Is possible that his spine
is injured; An operation Is impossible be
cause of the location of the injury and the>
only thing which can possibly pull him
through Is absolute quiet and good nurs-
The car which struck the injured roan
was No. 2. Superintendent Martin and the
other employes of the San Pablo line re
fused absolutely to say anything about
the accident and would not divulge the
name of the motorman. The latter claim
ed that he was looking ahead at the time,
and asserts that he did not see Mr, Fos-
U Mr. P Foster is 60 years of age. and
has been a resident of Oakland for over
forty years. At one time. he wan a con
tracting carpenter, but for several years
he has been a collector, with an office at
429 Ninth street. He resided with his wife,
who is a confirmed Invalid, and family
ily at 1924 Filbert street.
BifciiAiirs phis;
Gure Sour Stomach, «
Constipation, etc* - ;
1O tfntsand SS cenli. at dm» «torf«. j
CHURCH AND
ASSOCIATION
ENTERTAIN
Unitarians Were "At Home"
V.; M. C A. Have
"Open House."
OAKLAND. Jan. I.— Ecclesiastical ap
proval was given to the custom of receiv
ing New Year's calls as reinaugurated to
day.'in Oakland.. through the holding of a
N?w Yfar's reception at the First Uni
¦t.arjaTT ; <."hurch to-night by Rev.: and Mr?.
34<-njamin Fay Mlii.«. They were assisted
¦S.j'' a- js umber ©f the leading members of
•the trb'tiro'h. -.. • ¦ :. -. ;.;
'The: re^cjition was held in the church
I>a.rtr>rF; : vrhtch were prettily decorated
Tvlxh.'pa'lrh-is. ferns, Christmas greens and
jiO'Uy. F"ir<rs? burned on the hearths of the
different rooms;.: and the scene was a
jiriity and inviting one. :¦• \ .;
¦'; '.'The -attendancfc ¦ was large and was not
xiuick to depart; for a programme was of-
I.erod -during the evening which gave much
I>!<-ai>urc- to those present.
"Mr. and Mrs. • .-Mills were helped In mak
ing ..all welcome by Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
P.r<J!ngton, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Bliss, Mr.
.and Mrs. J: P. Irish; Hugh Hamilton, Mr.
¦•and .Mrs. Francis Ar.ihony, . Judge and
Mrs; J.-.W; SteiEon. Mr. and Mrs. \V. O.
Tripp, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Elliott, Mr. and
Mrs=. John Ruse. Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Bur
rell; Mr. and Mrs. David Bush. F. 11.
Clark. Mr. and Mm. F. H. Fletcher, Mr.
Xjailpway, Miss Winifred Curtis. Misa
Carrie. Whelan. W. S. Uaxt»-r. George S.
Hvar;=. Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Gk-ason. W. H.
VGorrlil; Miss A. L. Zabel. Miss Alice
:TrJpp';-:.XV. 'Andrews, Miss Lurv Fletcher,
'¦¦Mijis Thomppon. Mr. and Mrs. p. N. Rem
illard.Mr. and Mrs. G. 8. Meredith. Mr.
and Mrs. D. MacNichol, Mr. an<i Mrs. F.
ii, N fives, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Bennison.
- One of the largest receptions of the day
was n<ld at the Young Men's Christian
Ass-oclaticn, Twelfth and Clay streets.
The; Woman's Auxiliary of eighty mem
bers assisted In receiving, and in addition
thereto a number of young ladiea gave
their services, both to receive and to dis
pense re freshments from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The receiving committee from the asso
ciation con^lpted of Arthur Ca'dwell,
. chairrnanV George Grimwood, C. E. Lloyd
: Jr.. Oeorge Miles. August Loch, Walter
• Keen*', Frank Davidson, \V. W. FoKg, A.
..L.Todd. Walter Rode, H. H. McKlssick,
William Bente. Samuel Bennetts. J. Fitz-
KeraW, A. W. Moore. George Pollltt, J. K.
.. -fslbbett; A. F. Freight, George Dlmpfel.
<i«brjre Pomc-roy. Henry Dodge. A: E.
T&sKteyi Charles Sehuler, Joe Lancaster.
•Alfred I >üby. Arnold Hunter, P. R.
Thayer, Alfred Read. Daniel Adamson.
:E. A. McDonald, Edwin Barbour, L. Fra
. sier. Alvin Baker, Arthur Sherman, Con
rad Thaler. J. A. Filimore. Andrew Muir.
.John Spring. Clarence Beetle. Frederick
• ; IJ;sen and John Williams.
¦ The association rooms were beautifully
decorated for the reception under the dl
¦ reciion of the auxiliary. In the wide en
trance hall on Twelfth street Ivy and
holly had been used with very pretty ef
. f^ft. Elsewhere were chrysanthemums
and Christmas green*, the colors predomi
nating b^lngr gold and red. The table*
were especially pretty in their trimming
tif Fmilax with bouquets of roses here and
¦ there. ":.
There -was a programme both during the
afternoon and evening. At 1 o'clock in
:thc gymnasium there was a basket ball
parae. The reception then followed and
was made delightful by an orchestra un
'.-.«".«•¦ Alex T. Stewart. Bf-tween 2 and 5
the refreshments were sened, entrance to
: the dining room on the third floor beinc
fey ticket. At 3:30 Cyrus Brownlee New
ton, the humorlFt, gave several very en
. Joyable character readings. At 4:SO there
yarn pj'ninagtlc exercises. In the even
. In? a concert was enjoyed, the following
. taJciiT? part: Knickerbocker Quartet of
Ban Francisco, consisting of Herbert Wil-
Jlams. C. M. Ellloit. D. B. Crane and L.
A. Larsm: Mre. Susie Hert-Mark. Miss
Xenla Roberts and Mrs. Nellie Shipley
l^arsen. • . .... . .
WAS AN EX-MEMBER OF
CANADIAN PARLIAMENT
Douglass B. Woodworth, Retired
Lawyer, Succumbs to Injuries
Received in a Runaway.
OAKLAND, Jan. I.— Douglass B. Wood
worth, a retired lawyer and formerly for
fifteen years a member of the Canadian
Parliament, died to-day at his home, cor
ner of Prospect and Hopkins avenues. Dl
mond, from injuries .he . sustained in a
runaway of his team on the afternoon of
December 23 last. On that occasion he
was driving near Eighth and Myrtle
streets, this city, In company with Dr.
Primeo of Fruitvale and the latter's son,
G. P. Primeo, when suddenly his horses
took fright and became unmanageable.
His vehicle collided with Dr. W. M. Beck
wlth's buggy, and the latter afierward
charged Woodworth with malicious mis
chief, aleging that the collision was will
ful. Police Judge Smith found the attor
ney guilty, but suspendea sentence, prob
ably out of sympathy for the accused on
account of his injuries. ' Woodworth had
been dragged a considerable distance dur
ing the mix-up: and sustained injuries
about the head and body, for which he
was treated at the Receiving Hospital at
the time. Instead of improving Wood
worth's condition grew steadily worse un
til the end to-day. Deceased was a native
of Canada, aged about 60 years.
vided. The experipnee thus gained h«» will
use In superintending a reconstruction aii'l
enlargement of the gymnasium of the
State Iniversity. Tn it will be embodel
as far as possible all the best feature* In
vogue in the East.
STRUCK DOWN
BY TROLLEY CAR
ON BROADWAY
j. A. Foster, Victim,
Fatally Injured.
his late residence, 1322 Shattuck avenue.
An announcement of the time for the ser
vices will be made later.
beautiful picture. Here, also, holly was
employed and each doorway wa3 bor
dered with palms and greens, giving an
extremely pleasing effect.
The receiving party welcomed tha
guests, as they arrived, from tRe hall
way. Mrs. Moore and her daughters, the
Misses Ethel and Carmin Moore, had in
vited to assist them Mrs*. Pedar Sather,
Mrs, W. S. Goodfellow. Mrs. H. O. Trow
bridge, Mrs. John J. Valentine, Mrs. A.
L. White, Mrs. Mark Requa. Mrs. S. P.
Hall, the Misses Ethel and Harriet Klt
tredge. Miss Bernlce Landers, the Mlssea
Bessie ar.d Ida Belle P^'.mer. Mlsa
Knowles. Miss Martha Alexander and
Miss Mary Barker. Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr.
was one of the receiving party, too. and
was presented to the visitors aa they ar
rived. :
An orchestra of seven pieces, stationed
in the rear of the hallway and screened
from the callers by tall palms, played
throughout the afternoon. In the dining
room refreshments were dispensed. Mia;*
Jacqullne and Miss Marguerite Moore as
sisting.
afforded an opportunity of meeting Mrs. A.
A. Moore Jr., the charming bride of. the
eldest Bonof the family. In fact, though
not so announced, the affair was the re
ception in honor of the bride and groom
whose nuptials came unannounced on
Thursday last and as a surprise to every
one.. .-.; .•¦ .- :•; ¦• ; . ¦
The Moore residence was artistically
prepared for this afternoon's affair. A
long white awning that extended from the
main entrance to the pavement protected
the callers as they descended from their
carriages. Within the doors the gas
lit palm decorated rooms delighted the
eye and vanished all thoughts of the
storm without. -
The high, wide hall was a beautiful set
ting, with its decorations of cut and
potted palms, for the receiving party in
their dainty gowns. The study on the
left was bright with smilax and chrys
anthemums in tall vases, while the draw
ing-rooms were arranged in a holiday
scheme of Christmas greens and holly.
The dining-room was lighted by crimson
shaded candelabra, making a cheery and
THE MOORE
RECEPTION
{A: BBIJ?]£ Asn> H3IBJESS IS COR-
P'{ :¦•'!;'; i^trAY^^GßEETED.'..;-" X"-
Mrp. . A. • "^L.- ~;l[oore Pleasantly. Intro-
V ducesßCiei: : Eldest Son's Wife.at V
V] '¦:¦&': jTft'wr:: Year's > At Home/*; ¦
; :^7^i AKXjAND,' Jan.' .I.—^Society.
(l ]) '.h^f? 8^ and a charming bride at
:%=&' ' ifa, ii[p*>rie' reception to-day where
; .;.' .'.'.a weekjago; it had -anticipated but
a: pleasant- -New Year's "at home." HoV
;;eV,er. the change in theKnatura of ..the
fuhctjori was. a welcomed one and the
pleasure .thtit Mrs. A. A. Moore had in in
troducing; tTiie, wife of her eldest 6on was
equaled by.; that of society In meeting: her.
:> The .reception: was'held at the handsome
house of the.' Moores, Sixth avenue and
East Twentieth, street, and proved a suc
cess, for the .steady downpour did not
greatly 'deter visitors - from calling, and
;tbose: :who.. called found that the gloomy'
skies -without only made the scene within
a more brilliant one by contrast. The re
ception might be said to have therefore
two very pleasant purposes to the large
circle of acquaintances of the Moore fam
ily. It was ttie welcome means of ex
changing New .: Year's greetings with the
host and hostess and their charming
daughters. And more Important still, it
be noted; /.or' pink... white: and-, gr-^en pre-i
vailt-a:- .Th;re>.lit«'e.;.gi;rls, the
ne?tin.(? Mc'-X^ar, ."Alberttne pietEic/k.^na-
Marton/Millftr. '¦:-led=- .All "n-^re--.-lh=. PMre.
white.- • Trie'. rhajds.of .¦hbnor,,M|ss'i Wilhol •
m!na Havf-mc?:(;r: and Miss Bern.ice Ma c~
donal^V f ollowfld /-'their • gowns' . 'feftttg y.o| :
pink sUk. i. T'<> four -bridesinaid*',-. Miss;
Elixabpth Mcyear.-Mtss Bertha polbeef,..
Mica 'fpabelle Palmer: and. Miss -Florence;-.
Davis»;; were dre.ssed' tXf.q. in greeriand two
in white.-. •: -• : ¦: --' : : : ' '¦:¦: '"¦'¦ ;:"t.- ".': -. :'*•• ;••: '¦
Mi?s : Tucker-;' whq.ma.de a dainty ©ride in,
her. hesivy satin gawn and long Veih:le?ne(J,
on th<? : -arrn of 'bet- 1 mother; who gave hot
awayJ'/ The groom;-wl>en he met -thent.at .
the altar.- was^ attended toy his • . : bivth>r.:
Richard: p. Macdonald,, :as best man. TOTfc.
ushers were gam Bell McKee,.>Aridrew L.. .
Stone, Albert :.K Bray ton. ; R,: •M. Fitz-^.
gerald. <3<rorge-S.'- Wheaton and L|oUtelL- :
ant Pprry- Hay n-e. '-."•:.¦. ": . ¦>'.¦''¦ - .-. '¦¦¦ :: ' '¦-.. : ;..:"' :
Rev. : Robert Hiti'hieofflclateii, and when
the sermon wois at an end th«* i bride . and
graoni left the altar to tne march from
•'Lohengrin.- and -on entering cafiiagcs
were driven to the "Hotel Metropole. wlie/e :
a supper and reception followed, a.. llmltedr
number of; guests' Vinly being invited. .;¦'..'
iiie supper.'was-.hold In thedinlTig-Toom,
where covers had; bt^n laid for lw fjttestSi.
The tables wcredf-corated in smilax and.
real orange WossomsV a quantity, of those
beautiful tlowers having been- f.'fent. the:
bride froni Southern California.. --Abhv-e.
the bride's table, which wan the only larpq:
one and at which the wedding -attendants;
were seated with, the bride and .groom;
hung a gretat wedding bell of orange- blos
soms. The remaining guests were dis
posed at smalt tete-a-tete tables about ti>«
room.,- ¦'"*• .¦'."¦ ¦ '¦¦'.: -
The decorations of the halls and recep
tion rooms of the Metropole deserve" spe
cial mention. Palms, ferms and smilax
were used largely and the result was ex
tremely pretty. . ¦ -•
Following the supper Mr. and Mrs. Mac
donald received the congratulations and
good-bys of their friends and loft for a
short wedding tour. They will reside in
Oakland on their return. . -.
Mrs. Macdonald Is very popular in local
society circles, though she is perhaps bet
ter known in the East or abroad, having
been away from her old home and travel
ing a great deal. Mr. Macdonald has a
large circle of friends and is a promi
nent financier and broker. . .. •
Oakland Ofßce. Sai Frantl^cq' Call.'
;'• '. :i .;:v : .;: :;,9(fB. feroadway,s-Jah. 1J:
% Sorrow dimined'.the ' JoysvOfl this.: day in
Oakland,, for^with.-'th'^aa^'n .of 'the JCew.
year- there. passed .-away-^oiie whose death
•cast:a:'^eat ; rglo'6njover: a, very large pot
tl.on.-6i the::cUy; ; : and. caused: -a- JMJstporieV
ment 6t -the' "at l\dmdT and /colonial';miii
¦u.ft't' o£ : ::-yiks r -\'y t ::¦&'.. ..Srh(lh;;.A't-^:n early
licur -^irs. ' Frederick W.: : ifiU.l 1 succumbed
to"; an >t t acH. d f ', heart d i sease'; &ith ¦ w.hfcti
she^sseizeji'while'.oii. hex:
.'services" at. St;' Paurji^philrch.:
.As-^Jr'S.'Hali^was^ne o-flthe niosf import.
..ta'h.t; parts': of; the-\-3P..'.M.-.:SmU;h;r^ce'pti6n,:
jir! '.4.4; d: Mrs. Smith at once' poirtponed
their '¦' entire: "day's ;'.cel^bra'|io.n ( tfie -most
ela%orite .lh:.':Oakia|id. : Jout-'of : respect ;tb
her- memory-; j;¦=-.:;;-'j ;¦=-. : ;;- ' .¦¦•:-. t '.-?.^v.'.. "¦-¦ V.i : '>
; -The dekth. pf Mrs.. Hall was nidsi .suddeii
a'nd,c^me;4i:.a -great;' shock .'to :jjer 'many :
Sn'e%as rptv her .'way to St: : : Paul's-
Epjseopai Cbu.rch.-.iat.th.e/c.orn^c'bf FOvr-'.
tcenth ahtl Ilarrjfepri' streets.; to: attend', thef
ixildhighi- .se.ryices.l I She. '.was acionipahied
; by. : her;: husband \a.tid as^tftey 'we.re' '^a-asS
ing th^! First •Pre : sb>nerian; ;^h.urch; 'at the
c'orner'of . Fourteen t-h ahd.prankHn'streeits^
she-': was- seized with a;di2zi.neE3" . and be- :
.fore liitig aid- -.coiild- •• be : 5 BuJnnion.ed' ' she
fainted away In. ihe 'arnis'o3f:he'r.' husband^
Mr. -\ Hall ha.d his \tXte- at .<pnce.; taken to
•their- home,: iiW.. Grove':- street, and their
.family ;p.hj-idclan. \Susan ..B ; Fentoh/.
was -calltd; V Meqical. .aid' wsts 6f:.n;is: avail,
&rid a, .few- .tiours: later ;'.'M'i%- Hall"' pasa^d.
: away .wj.thotj-t once having, reco-verfcd- cqti?:
gclousiiess, l :':'¦' ¦•¦¦¦' : , •..-'.'•'¦^•.Z '.'•'/¦'•¦
• Jier ;v-husband, ' Frederick". AY; Hall;,, the
San • Francisco. . attornejv.and .h«r two
young children,. Myra. and ' Herbert, iaged
y and r years; rtspegtively,. w«re .at her
beiieid© .wli'eff 1 death 1 came. •;:";.' ¦ '.••.-•'•. •¦! ''
¦ -: L»eath; was' caused by heart disease and
.cerebraV. emb«lism; : : superinduced "by the:
work and ex'cUemeri/t. oi' : preparing for the
N.ew Vear:'' .Mrs: Hall had':comi>iained of
Slight : heart trouble,: but it never assumed'
serious conditions until the.' work, of pre
parliig for the holidays aegravate'd it. •.-•
. Mrs. Hall .'was one of the most promi
nent members .of .the. Cosmos Club, the
Twentieth Century Club and the Ebeil
Society; «. As a member of the two former
organizations she was most intimately
connected with the arrangements for' the
day at the -"at home" of Mrs, F. M.
Smith. She was one of those who was to
dance the minuet in the colonial costume.
She was one of those who was to assist
Mrs. Smith in receiving for the day and
was a part of the dinner party and the
evening reception party at Arbor Villa.
She was also a member of St.. Paul's
Church. wa& greatly interested ' in its
enoir, and.haa arranged to entertain the
singers at ; . her home immediately at the
close of tho midnight services last even
ing. ...
All of these events had been too much
of a tax upon her strength and she col
lapsed on her way to the church.
Death came before, the dawn, ami when
Mrs. F. M. Smith received the sad news
sac at once canceled all of her engage
ments for the day, postponed her elabor
ately prepared receptions and did every
thing in her power to show her keen re
gret at the death of her friend and asso
ciate. The pretty dance with the wonder
ful costumes that had been prepared, the
elaborate dinner, the evening reception,
all were postponed, and Mr. and Mrs.
Smith received but very few friends and
those in the most Informal manner. And
so death laid its.heaw hand alike upon
a happy family and the pulse of Oakland
society, at the same time. .:
Mrs. Maude Noyes Hall was the daugh
ter of C. S.;Noyes. editor of the Wash
ington.Star, and. was at one time a leader
in. Washington society. She was a native
of the capital of the nation, and som6
years ago ; she imarried Frederick ;W;
Hall, a Ban... Francisco attorney, resident
in. Oakland. .: Mr.'- Hall was. the law part
ner of the late Congressman Hitborn and
has been prominent both in law and poll*
t.ic<*. : Mr-s. HalTs family Is prominent 'in
national affairs.'.; ;Besides: her father being 1
one of the -leaaing^jeditprs .of th& country:
her /'Frank -Nnye?,". was for sorri.Q
years president of the Associated Press. :
FITZSIMMONS TO FIGHT.
Matched with Jacsk McCermick for
¦ • .; a: Six-Round do. . \ . V-'i."-'
:. NEW/ YORK. Jan. lipßobert; Fltzslm
mqns .was. : matched l • to-day! with . "Jack*,/
McCormjc.k- for ft stx^round sparring cch-'
testy . The purse is! to be 75 per cent of the
gross receipts, the winner, to take all. The
date is January 20 and. the place Indus
trial Hall; Philadelphia. ¦ .X; ¦¦¦j.-rA }. • ••',::
Body of ;an Tlnkripwii Wotnaiii Foulid/
. PINQLE, ; Jan;. . l.^The; body flf an ui£.
kno>vn'. lonian wa? .found, this.- afternoon
near Ppjnt : Richmond, by fishermen. Cor.
ojrier: Curry was notified. The body is now
en. route to .Martinez. :; The remains had
been, in.tlje water so- long a time that'lden-
Uficatipn Was impossible. • •¦'- V": :¦¦'¦¦
•It is. thought that., possibly the remalhs
itiay.be: those. of Mrs. Elizabeth Leary, an
aged resident of Vallejo. who disappeared
ori the.3d of last month.' "¦:¦-. ; '.'.
Mrs. teary had been visiting irelativtjs'
in this city; and. left. :their..honie at Gift
Elizabeth street to, take the 2:30 o'clock
boat for Vallejo; From that- time to this
nothing. -has. been hf-ard of- her, though
her daughters and. others! of her family:
have dona everything., in their power to
trace.h er?.;- •' ,=' ¦ ' -.. ¦'¦¦ :;'¦¦¦"¦¦".' ••¦,»¦
Relatives left last, evening to view the
body found at Pinole, In thehope that If ft
be the body of Airs. Leary they may find
some means of identifying it.:. " >.' : . '
TIJE/r^A^ :TtiESp^Y^:.;^NUABY- 2, / 1900,
Mormonism.
This Is a <n«ition that should interest *v«»ry
one. It is a blot upon our fair land— a symp-
tom of governmental ill-health. The right
laws would act as gceedily upen It aa Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters does upon constipation,
or dyspepsia. They would quickly clear it out
and restore healthy purity; and this Is Just
what the Bitters does for the human constitu-
tion. It makes the stomach strong by curing
Indigestion, biliousness and liver trouble.
Fp^e
Insures Love and Happiness*
How any man may quickly curs himself after
years . of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, varlcocele, etc., and enlarge small.
weak organs to full size and . vigor. Simply
send, your name and address ' to Dr. L. W.
Knapp. 21SS Hull building. Detroit. Mich., and'
he will gladly send toa free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cur*
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from bis dally mall show bow men writ* him:
"Dear Sir: Please accept my. sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test* and the benefit has
been extraordinary- It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and yon cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir: Tour method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor nave completely returned and en-
largemeat Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir: Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt aa di-
rected, and a.fter a few days use can truthfully
say It Is a boon to weak men. I am greatly
Improved in size, strength and vigor."
AH correspondence Is- strictly confidential.
mailed In plain sealed envelope. The receipt Is
free for the asking and he wants every maa
to bavo It. _^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i Th« luxury, comfort. convenience
couSna and B»d*nt* diarg** n*v«
lives Urn
PALACE and
GRAND
ihefla a rcvatattea tS*t la known »!nr. ?
•?er th« EncMsh lanraace is >pok«a. »
Coooccted by a covered puuxevij- i
J«0 r>«m»-900 wUb batlw. !
iOHy C. PKKPATKICK. Utunr. J
¦fit
•^b^33o MARKET bT.SJ.^S*^
COKE! COKE!
. . p. a. McDonald.
Wbcl«ml« Dealer ana Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE SU FOLSOU ST.
f\ |rP r» fill I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL "/^
Will L. lIU 1 lII— s r . OvercoaU and
VallMs chucked fr««.
WINTER RESORTS.
S7SCIAL IKOUCEXSNTS TO VI3ITOa3
PASO ROBLES MJy
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
THE. greatest of health resorts; cures all ills
when otbers fall. Special round-trip rebat*
ticket. For Information apply to • . ,
FRANK W. ELY. City Afjent.
ftt IXartyt ft.. lusa L .
7
NEWS OAKLAND, BERKELEY, ACAMEDA COUNTY HAYWARDS, FRUITVALE NEWS
MISS LILY RAKER.SAN FU AN CI S CO C ALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Call, comer cf. Market and Third streets, open
until IS o'clock every night In the year. V... ¦/'¦
BRANCH OKFICES— "7 .Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p.m. '. ..-. : ¦/
500 Ilsyes street; cpon until 9:30 p. in.; -. '
f3? MfAntstT fit*r«-*-t; CFen until »:20 p. m.
: cv Lerkin atreet; open until *:so p.m. ;
T541 Mi«-lon.rtreM; cpen until 10 p. m. :- ; ;"-'-'-*.
-72ti ' Market 'street..' corner Sixteenth; open
until S j.«. m. '"-.. ':'¦'¦¦: '-.'¦'- -.- -. ¦ ¦" ". ':'--
• . IC« Elevr-nth «tj*et : open until Jp. tn. . • ' . "••;
: I'K Valencia E;rret;r>r<ri until t p. in. .;.:'.
¦\-1223 Polk street: <.jwn until 9 p. ro. - =_." :. ¦'
¦Northwest comer of Twf r.:y-second and Ken-
tucky . Ftreots.;-"oj>*n until 9 p..m. . - . . "
.:".-".MKETIN«i;- NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chainer ?:o. "5. R: A. }1 ; . fl
will ln<tt THIS (TUESDAY) -EVEN-
aNO. Jar.uury.2. it 7:2>. o'clock, btated J&jX
ineetinK and installation . of officers. / »
By c-rdtr of lac H. I. ¦¦¦¦' _'"„'¦
¦-FXIANKLIN H. DAY. Secretao'.
MISSION Cbapter Nc. 79. R. A. M.— m
?5.»r«r.;? 5 .»r«r.; me-t'.ng THIS
KVT.NING. 7:30 o'clock. Mibtlcn IS
¦^Uaonle Ti-n-^le. B«6l. Mission ft. /• ' v v
M r.r.d M. F. M. dc-fc-rees.- 3y order. of the
. ll' IJ.1 J . JOHN R. lIILLMAN. Secrete ry.
tJOLDEN GATE I^dge XoTsO. F. and H
A. M.ivXe«ftjg THIS (TUESDAY) x £\.
:.'EVKMNG at 7:30 tfclork. /%&<
EXCEI>IO'R LoJce Xo. ;CS. F. 4A. Zl. •
-Special ir.eetir.g TrESDAY. Jan. 2. _#%_
..at 1:30- :>. m-. for tte purpoe* o: con Jt^
ducting the funeral of our deceased / "V '
Brother. WILLIAM JAMES MITCHELL.
Fnep.cs are respectfully Invited.' By order of
the W. M. ThvMAS E. SMITH. 6-cy.
PACIFIC: L"«c« No. 128. F. and A. M.. ft
in Etfiy et.— Elated meeting THIS tf^_
f EVENKOO.:t:W -o'clock. /%*j\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. / >
ORIENTAL X»r>dge No. I*4. F. and A. m ¦
M— Stated meeting THIS fTCESDAI")
EVENING at t o'clock. r ;.--..... Ti3iC
A- a. HViiUARD. Besretary. f^T^
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 28. I. O. tg&jggi,
i. F.- InetaMaticn Tlllfi < "TTES-
DAT) EVENING. Members of
loijge and order please attend. -""^
C, J. REHN. N. O.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary^
PARKER I-M!ce No. 124. I. O. O.
• F.— lr.Etallatlon of offloere TIIXB
EVEXJXG.
;¦-..¦ J.- A. ¦ WELLg. N. G. •"<//«'>'*'
TRIUMPH I»dce No. ISC'. A. O. U. W.— v x-,>«&>
..Officers and niember*: You ore notitiedj^rS^
: <40- mo*t Et your hall. I. O. O. F. bidß-VKJJS*
.: WEDNESDAY. Januar>" 3, at ?:30 a. V£SEi»
m.. to ettend the funeral of our late brother.
H. K. HATHIWAY. •' *•"-'"
J. W. VE^DRYHS. M. W.
J. H. CATHAN. ReeordT.
8T..-'- ANDREW'S C'wiety— Members . k.
are requeFted to attend the luneral ?k, /i J7
of our late member. MR. JOHN- B. '"tVXjfte
MUIRHEAD. st 1 D. m., TUEd-
' i»AY. Jan. 2. from Scottish" Hall. 'll7 Lnrkln
etreet. WILLIAM BAIAAVKS, Prefldent.
.A. K. PATTERSON". Secretary. .
/T..'. ANDREW"S Soclet}-— Members \ X? $U
are "requested to attend the suneral J\, C&VV
¦cf our late life-rr.ember, MR. JO- *&£*&
. SEPH O. WALL, at 2 o clock p. m..
TUESDAY, Jan. 2. from hie late renldence.
ISS6 >«"i Clara aye.. Alanvda." :
.- : - : WILLIAM ¦ BALNAVES. Presiflent
A. R. PATTERSON; Secretary.
OFFICERS and r:¦.e>m^ers of the, Cale- » x.
donla.n.Clul. are speclaJly requested 3d, «iy7j
.to attend the funetal of our la.se— VJj^Vtf
:• Vptpemed clansman. JOHN B.
¦'-..MUIRHEAD. from Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin
*t. at lp. m. TUESDAY. Jan. 2. 19'jO. ..:.
ANGUS MrLEOD.Chlef.
'- AXDHEW McNAIK, Secretary. "." '¦;." , : , .-::"'
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. H.— The reru-t^--*»
lar monthly meeting of this division \T : jf
wJUbe held at Hlbernia Hall. 120 J*"il
' - 'Ninth- St.. .on TUESDAY, Jan. 2. ISOJ, JCViv
. /at ¦ .4:18 ¦?.- m. , : «j-jarterly meeting. »tCS
! KißesJcr nonfat rer.Oame strictly tnforced.'
•/"-¦;¦. BAHTLY LEE, President
' --T-- *' CLANCY. Secretary. - '-> .-¦¦:¦¦¦:.
ANM'AL meeting— Spring Valley Waterworks
— Tlie annual meeting of the stockholders of
-. the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
at the of lice o* the company. 12fi Stockton st.
fan Frant-lscn. Cal.. at 12 o'clock m. en
WEDNESDAY, tbe 10th day of January. l^A
to elect trupters t<> serve for thi- ensuir.g year
and for the transaction cf such other busi-
ness as may come before the nieetinc
PELHAM W. AIiES, Secretary.
ETOCKIinLDURS" meeting— The annual rr.f et-
Ing of llie ftc<-kholdera of the California Dry
Dock Comiany will b» held at the office of
the company. No. 3C2 California street. San
Franci6co. Cal.. on MONDAY, January S,
ISOO, et 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board cf directors to serve for the
envuing year and for the transaction of such
other burlr.ess ss may properly come before
the tneetinr. W. F. RUSSELL. Fe<-r»>tary.
Office No. 3C2 California «t., rocin I. San
Francisco. Cal.. December 24. IS9«.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
rwllor Company will be held at their office.
S!7 Market rt., San Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 1900.
at the hour of 2 j>. m.. for the purpose of
t#lwtin* a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction cf tuch
ether business as may ome before the meet-
Ing. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office, SZ7 Market St., San Francisco. Cali-
fornia.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
The Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking house. 801
MontEorrjery «., San Francisco. Cal., on
TT'E^DAY." January ». 1900. at J:l5 o'clock
p tn.. for the election of directors to serve for
th* enduing year, and the transaction of such
other butlr.ees a£ tnsy come before the meet-
ing GTO. GRANT. Secretary-
San Francisco. December », 1891.
ANNUAL meetlnc-The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING cf the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vall*y Ccirmoliaat^d Railroad Co. will be. h«*ld
¦t the office of the Company. 327 Market st.
Pan Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 15th
i day of January. 1900. at the hour 45 f 11:15
/Vclivk a. tn.. for the purpose of eleettne a
b'lard of directors to serve for the ensuing
year anl the transaction of pur-h other bUFi-
r.fSF a? may come before the m^etinar. Trans-
fer books will rlos* on FRIDAY, Janaarj- 32.
1300 at 3 o'clock n. m.
W. H. HAN'NAM. Secr-txrv.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KINO, room 10. first floor,
ChroniolH building: no advance charges; all
¦ ri>K>s, estates, mfrtgagfeb. damages, coliec-
- tlons: bankrur>tcy; wi!!s, etc., drawn; mod^r-
. ate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a ppeclalty; private:
.no fee without success; collections. O. W.
' -JIQV."E atty at.iflr.tr. 650 Market, cor. Stocktn.
'AnVICK fre*: no rh^rpe unl^is* s&ccesirf Ul . W.
•W. DAVIDFON. J27 Market rt.; opp. Mason.
F. H. MERXPACH. attorney at law. has re-
Furre<J practice at E-1S Cal. et. Clunle bMg.
I* f. CLARK. Emma Ppreckeis bldg.. 527 Mar-
k»t *t.: oorfiitatlon free; nn fee* in advance.
BOAHI) AXD HOOHS.
A^TH^KOP.jrAN DIE.
clshed throughout; thoroughly renovated and
papered: mnr.y Fult«*s and sinKle rooms; hot
water in every room: rtrw management: ta-
ble boanl^rr acccmmodate<l: excellent table;
w-il! Ixr rea<l;- to receive- sr | Jests Januarr 1.
EDDY, 123— I,'r.lteit St»t"s Hote.l; rooms Jl £0
w^-k up. -wi-h tv^ar'l tl U; suite tnr t«o with
bcerd. S!2; board. ?1 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs. all nigM.
HOTEiTfAIRMO'CNT. 17H Market — Ele-ant
new furniture; ftrrt-class In everj- respect;
table uns-jrpaesefl; hot and cold water: ele-
vator: suite*, with board for 2. $50 month up.
NEW family hotel: firft-rlass In all appoint-
ment*: excellent tel >. W7 California ft, oe-
<"«pying comer opiK;sit» Grace Church.
NICELY fumirbed . room with board: lien*
cookinc: r-r:vat»> family: gentleman preferred.
Ailw-s 724 Dddy st.
JCICELY furn!«he<; room with board; home
Sccx.Vi'.r.f;; private fsrr.My: gemieman preferred.
Addr^fs box 743. Call office.
KSESJSnXVtji HOTKL." Po;k und Clay-Sun-
nr ru'.tes; bert board; for I. J45 up: s'.rgle, ?20.
LAS P.*LilAP.lsro Mrrket rt.- <=u!t- of ! or S
rrr?.; private; bath: sin. re»; board optional.
OTARHKLL. 742— Clean, o^mfortsble roor.if.
(too.l !.-ib? board; tr-nrts to holiday translente.
CTIEAPn.-^T snd Ik-m '.n America —Tlie "Weekly
I Call. 16 ra-res, Kent to any addrecs 1n the
tTnitea States or Canada one year for fl,
po«tl.Ke nn'.ij.
BOAItD AM) ROOMS WANTED.
WANTl^D— First-class b-»ar<S; man and wifiT-
north of Ceury ft. and east of Van Nr»s a.ye •
private :,jxh. Answer, statins location, ac-
commoCaUons and price-, box 4537. Call ofile*.
riR.-T-OLABS room and board wanted; no"ob"^
jection :f part or the whole In *xehangv for
vocal and riar.o lesrr.ns; by leading- «inging
tejeh'-r of Rj>n Francisrn, whose office is in
central location. P.ox 171 i). Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN*.
MAHRIKD couple in Fruit vale, without chiT-
flr~n: good hem»: best care; good references
given and required. Apply 207 Montgomery
• %-c.. rare New Atlantic Hotel.
EXCELLENT home for baby; nice ronm with
for parent; reasonable; jrood references.
JC4 I'lfth ct.
WIDOW, has a ni^ home, wants a small child
:o l>r»fird: rnoA home; bc-gt fare. STS Fell tt.
BOOKS-^NEW AND o£d]
P<~H<x£ KoOKS bouirtt and
liolmes Bock Co.. 704 Mieeica et, near Tftird.
BOOTS AND SHOES-
| SPECIAL— Ladles' fine 'white bride sandals
(French heels); special price, only $1 a pair.
PEOPLES SHOE STORE. "Cheapest of
Them All." 1303 Stockton st. nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s7oo; COFFEE saloon and chop house; rent
$2o; open day and night and doing a first-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 90C
Market et ¦" *.. ¦ *
A— $:00; TRt'IT and grocery, with horse and
wagon; daily receipts $20; rent $30; full value
in sight; a solendld chance. Call R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
1400— NICE grocery business, with a good saloon
trade, on Kolsom. near 11th; over $SOO stock
on hand; 2 living rooms. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market et. __^_ ¦
i $:*¦>?— SALOON; established years; lease If
wanted; Market ar.Miuson Fts. : first-class;
' paying; value of iurniture and stock $1500; a
splendid bargain. Particulars It. G. WILKE.
K>6 Market st __
i A— s4.".yo; THE leading restaurant and oyster
I parl'.rs on Market «.. eloee to Powell; open
day and night; clearing about $350 per month;
leare. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st
A^-$J0O; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
wagon; rent $U'; a good paying business; all
| frosh stock. Call R. O. WILKE. 906 Market.
j A— s9oo; RESTAURANT. oyster and chop
; house, with daily receipts »i $30; only ¦ flrst-
! class prices; rent $45; the best location in this
city. Call It. G. WILKE. IK* Market st
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease in
| wholeraie district; place established years;
clearing from J2OO to $400 per month; no better
| offer in market R. G. WILKE, 90« Market
i a— s4oo; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
! on Larktn St.; rer.t $15; good paying business;
fine place for 2 ladles or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. 905 Market Bt * *
$ISOO— SALOON In Potrero. near Union Iron
Works; full value In stock; rent $20 month.
BASILE. 3 Eddy tt. : * '¦'¦
$S2S— RESTAURANT : 25c meals; fine location;
good business; must sell. BASILE. 8 Eddy st
A— s7oo; RESTAURANT: very best location,
near Sixth St.; finely fitted; doing good busi-
ness; rent only $30; other business compels
Bale. STENBERG CO.. 26H Kearny st
CORNER grocery; a snap; cause, party has
paralysis. COWING A CO., 99J Market st
PARTNER wanted— s3oo. half cash, in one of
the En«>*t ccrner saloons In city, with eide
entrance and wine rooms; low rent; receipts
$1S to J23 rer day: fixtures first class. • Pa-
cific Exchange.. 1016 Market st. '.-. ¦*.- . - ¦*¦ ¦'*¦'¦
$750— CORNER saloon and lodging house;: bar-
gain; on account of departure. McLiAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777U Market Bt."'.-.' '
$1500— GOOD-PAYING delicatessen and lunch
moms; finest and best trade in the city;
every investigation offered; no agents. Box
4S3S, Call office. . ¦¦/¦¦'. '¦:'•'. ..--*._'
OLD established cigar store: will sell quick
account of old a«e; rare chnnce.. E. E.
BUNCE. 9CB Broadway. Oakland. .¦.¦:¦'.-¦
FOR sale— 3-chair barber shop and clgarstand,
i cheap: owner wishes to leave city. Apply
at PECKELMAN BROS.: 106 Ellis St.; ¦•;'¦ : .
CIGAR Ftore, "58 Fourth* st: .account of owner
. leaving city. .... ¦' -...-.. -.¦-¦".'"-. ' "¦— - : ' ' ¦": .'¦ -¦* *.
J2VKWWELL established ifrccery .and liquor
business on a principal business, street; net
profits- $3OO per month; r.o; Sunday work; run
by present: owner 3 years: no ' agents nefd
appply.'v. box 17*30. Call. .-¦'-";.'.:¦ ".-'•¦¦ '• * -¦¦-. '
CHOICE buftnese for >a!e at a bargain: a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
¦ antique curios. Address box -4819, CaU. f *
J NICK store, suitable for- any business. : - 12S
] .. O' Fa rreu.; opp: '-Qrphfuni : apply lv Grant aye.
I DELICACY Btoire; -'"centrally located: paying
]':¦ good profltE;. cheap rent; well established: will
I ee'.l at a low ficiire fur cash if bought lmnre-
} •' ,; diately.- :M.: M. GRIFFIN. .739 Market, nr. Call.
ITO rent or wIH pMlf: nn account sickness,
butehershop with 2 horses '.and: 2 wagons: shop
in \good. location and doing go-td business;
rent r» asonaWe. ..Inquire -Call office.
'¦jyio^FAMILY --'hotel of 13 well furnished rooms;
rent cnly 110 per month; with lea-se; located
in town In Lake County;, mu?t sell at once.
C. F. MOORE, 535 Market st, room t.
1 PARTY with (=mall capitalto enpag-e In biisl-
ness; investigate. Room 7, Flood building.
PAPER route for salt-; choice location; good
investment: price $3750. Cox 4523. Call.
STEAM laundry plant: doing: good business.
G. W. LOVHS, Redwood City. Cal.
RESTAURANT for sale; 2 living rooms. Apply
I Cl3'-i Natoma ft.
DRUGSTORE— BeIow invoice: must sell before
January 10; good reason. Railroad aye. and
Park St., Alair.eda.
• COFFLK and lea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S, 412 Facramento tt.
i BIIOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
I and more In work. WM. HENDKICKSON
& CO., £14 Call bulldlnz.
A BRANCH office for the receDtion of adver-
tisements and subscription? has been opened
I at 12C3 Polk Ft. ; open until lp. n.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia £t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
' tucky ets.; open until 9 p. m.
CHEAPEST and bent in America— The Weekly
*; Call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
Unlte-1 States or Canada, one year for $1,
| pr.ytaye raid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I BAKEKY. also Uundry wagon; fine top buggy,
j almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons.
! . new. suitable dry goods stores. S2B Harrison.
I NEWand2d-hand wagons. buggies.carts and har-
ness, wk A driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
i ALL kinds of wagons, buenles, carts, harness,
I*; etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission Rt.
I 100 FETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
busrsies. f-urreys and hor«e S . 1140 Folsom St.:
C'ARI'KT KEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disjuEted with poor work.
' send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-.
. ing Works. 153-3T>7 Tehnma.st. ; tel. S. 40.
j. K. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
: 6t; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. -Mission 74.
! CITY h'tcam Carpet Beating Works." G. H.
BTEVEXB. mgr., 3S-40 isth st; tel. South 250.-
! J. McQL'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
j : 453 Stevenson st ;. tel. South 223; lowest rates.
! ADVANCE Carpet. Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter' st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
j' CARPET? cleaned at ie per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
I CONKLIN'-E Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
| Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
I CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM,
J Mn"CT>ir~CLAKK. .
| the well-known tranre medium, 'may be con-
! ; eu!ted on all affairs of life. While entranced
! : th* revea.lg every hidden mystery: the will
fchow you how to overcome your enemies; re-
I ' move family troubles; restore lost affections;
. unite the s»parat*-d ; rec-overs -lost or stolen
: property; locutes minerals; tells your entire
\ life, while In a perfect tranoe; ratlsractlon
guaranteed by mail: send stajno for circular
with .*i.»clal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
2C5 Turk nt., r.r. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
I X^pnOFKSSOR MAY
! ALWAYS PEE THE BEST — :—: —
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
mort skeptical; gives advice on love, business
I and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
| restores ' loFt affection: if !n doubt, trouble or
i adversity cal! on iV.s gifted medium and he will
¦he!p you; mediums developed in from 3 to €
j month*: !ette:s remaining three questions and
f! answred: hours, 9 to fi; Sunday, 10 to 2.
j MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
for'un* teller; best advice In difficult mat-
i: ter*. 8 Hayef rt.. room 7, second floor.
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market st. trance,
teet medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittincs SI.
j MME. MOREAU.' the best medium and card
I reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth et., near Mission.
| .MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
i. night. 6-V. McAllister st. ; 10e; come, skeptics.
• MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to^
night; f; Tuesday. 2 p. in.; consultation dally.
I MME. ZERCDA of-S Seventh st. is the original
i gypsy life reader; readlntri-. 25c.
I YOUR future to.d by cards. 2jo. 944 Howard
| Kf.. in a. m. to 10 p. m.
j MME. HANSON, ra'.mlftry. 10c; card reader;
! past, present, future, 25c. US Sixth st. r. 12.
i EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis Bt.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
V.Mi:. HHAFFER. clalrvojant card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212.i Sixth et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. &?'> *ruth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German ppoken. S2l',i Mlsslon.op Mint
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advic«: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt
MME. SYIJILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band'p picture, tic: ln*e.«. 914 OTarrell tt.
COLLECTION OFFICES*! ~.
GEOIiGE W. KELLY'S Ajer.cy: no^charg^Tunt
leg-s guccfsful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
I3OG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore.—
Advice and medicine 7*.c; city vlslte $1 50; all
animal* treated; do»e boarded. Tel. West 636.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st, over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by. use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillines
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 10 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol, on application to the gums, rem-jves
the pain; tee our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work;, teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, uOc; crowns, $3 £0; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicaeo Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.
AT 'the KLECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. un. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 Z0 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DH GEORGE W. LEEK. 2<i O'Fnrrell rt., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hl» wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
.specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. *
j VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Surt-
I days. 1001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
< PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Pull set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 4$ 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. .850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect flt
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ingy pinking. 121 Post. ovrO'ConnorA Moffatt
; EDUCATIONAL.
HEALlTS~Bu~sl7^ss~Ctollege, 24 Post~st?"s. F-":
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
. branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc; rew 80-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
ALL students but two taking full course
.this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market »t.
ENGINEERING school. civil, electrical, mining,
tnech., -survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
egy,lS64.. VAN' PER NAILLEN. .933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, is unable to fill all de-.
: mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
. personally and by mall; Jay and eve. 302 Mcnt.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st. con-
ducted personally by Mr. at'd Mrs. Ay res;
life scholarship $30. Includes all branches.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
n;ands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mail. 302 Montgomery st.
I SPANISH— DaiIy lessons, $1 a week. Room 10.
..fifth floor. Y. :M,.-C. A. \)\&s- :
I SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MIiKKI, IOOS Mission; violin, mandolin." guitar.
i '•EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
¦ res? College, 315 Larkin stej cpp. City Hall.*
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught. .
priv.or class. Barker's Academy,* 927 Mission.-
LAW rchools. 927 Market, S. F... and SO5 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and nlfrht: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING; arithmetic. grammar. writing-.'
day and night; terms low. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 403 Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School, San Rafael, for young
men and bojs: Easter term begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stags.
Hall ett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHHUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— He'.p furnished
free. 61."> Clay st.: phone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell Ft; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
heir GEO. OAKI. SO Geary St.: tel. Grant 36.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes position
where the can go to college from 6 p. m. to 9
P. m. ; position more of an object than wages.
' Call at 1057 Howard st
MIDDLE-AGED lady, good cook, kind to
children wishes position as housekeeper; city
¦ or country. Call 6S-76 Ellis st. r. 131, 1 to 3.
COLORED woman wishes a place In family;
good cook. Box 4191. Call office. .
COMPETENT elrl desires position in a good
family. Box SO, Call office.
RESPECTABLE flrst-cla-is American woman
! wants work In a small family; is honest and
reliable; j/lease call or write soon. 143 Third
st, first floor, room 10. '
GERMAN girl wants position In private fam-
ily; good cook and general housework. Ad-
dress New Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st
AN experienced ar.d competent.German woman
' cook wishes : a position In hotel or boarding-
! house. 1024 Howard Bt.
GERMAN' midwife an.d nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies' in confinement ¦ MRS,.
WOLTER; 132 Hixtli St. ¦'
:GIRL wants to take, care of children and do
. plain sewing. Address box 4SOS,- Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 4i Third st. near Mar-
• kft; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to' s6
week; convenient and respectable ;"~free 'bus
and baEtaKe to and from ferry. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubscrlptl&ns has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-fcecond and Ken-.
• tucky Bts.-: open till 9 d. m. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established .at 1C93 Va-
lencia 6t.
A BRANCH office for the. reception of adver-
tteements .and subscriptions has been opened
¦ at 122S Polk .st.:' until 9 p. m.
i EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
'RELIABLE man; understanding citrus. • de-
ciduous and ornamental trees, horses, garderi,
wants to care for home plaoe; private family;'
references'. Address A. L. 8., 641 Bush st.
BARKEEPER; sober, reliable; good mixer;
best of city references; would like position.
Address box 4833, Call office.
PHOTO ne s. retoucher, flrct class, wants posi-
tion. GUSTAV CORS, 2654 Isatoma. SF. "
¦SITUATION' wanted by practical gardener and
florist In all its branches in private place;
' first-class references: able and . willing to
work. Address box 45?5, Call.
WORK wanted by married man; a good engi-
neer; or anything at living wages. Address
. H. H. 8.,2508 Laguna street
.MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position to run
elevator; best references. Box 4533. Call.
YOUNG man would like a position In some
electrical works to learn trade; small 'wages
to commence. H. FORBES. 1188 Sherman st.
Alameda. . "
A SOBER sinzle man, with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every dlbease
of trees and the remedy for It and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
RUbicriptlons has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et: open till S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptions has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tr.rky M«.: oj>en till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. .
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071V4 Market st.. San Francisco; exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 667 Market- st.
8 Willow ay..» r.516!1345 Howard, 6 r $19
170G Mason, a r 10 2428 Geary, 6 r 20
2937 Calif.. 5 r 15)2328 Flllmore. 6 r.... 25
ELEGANT new flat: 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 715 Grove st
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st. - -'
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT 4 sunny rooms, stable: r«-nt $15. ; . 1 Isls
St.. near Twelfth and Folsom..
UPPER flat— 3 choice eunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom: $12. 2419 Clay st, near Fillmore.
FKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrafed book, by sending
address to lock box 64.1. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
H. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
st, near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUII.MTURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. .757 Mission; tel. Red. 3303.
ALFRED WOULPERT. 773 Mission st., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. SHversteln. 1121 Markot.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — English maid and seamstress. $25;
French chambermaid, seamstress, $20; 6 sec-
ond Klrln, ?20 to $25, city and country; work-
ing housekeeper on a ranch, $30; 2 house-
Keepers, $15, country; 8 cooks, German style,
$25, $30; 4 Protestant cooks, $25; Protestant
cook, across the bay, $35; 9 hotel waitresses,
$20; chambermaids and waitresses, $20. city
and country; 8 restaurant waitresses, $5. $6.
$20 month; 6 nurse girls, $20, cou/itry and city.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter at.
4 BOARDING-HOUSE cooks, $25, city: hotel
cook, $30. country; 2 girls to do ncrubbing in
institution, $15: kitchen maid, $18. J. F.
CROSETT Ss. CO.. 316 Sutter st
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
10 waitresses, leading hotel, Los Angeles, $25,
special rates; 2 waitresses, Bakersfleld; 2
waitresses. Woodland; waitresses, Keswlck,
Nevada, Fresno, $20; 3 fancy lroners, first-class
hotel. Southern California, $30; 4 chamber-
maids to wait, city, $20; 6 restaurant wait-
resses, $7 60 and $6 week; 50 housegirls, city and
country. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
G«ary at.
YOUNG girl for light housework; good wages.
1419 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— German girl for housework and
cooking; wages $20. Bakery. Turk and Hyde.
WANTED — Operator on Bonaz braiding ma-
chlne. Call room 66, 14 Grant aye.
50 OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles'
underwear. 723 Market st, room So.
GIRLS wanted to learn to sew. 723 Market
Bt, loom 35.
WAITRESS wanted in small home restaurant
I^3 Seventh st. - ¦ :
GERMAN girl to assist In housework. 629 Mc-
Alllster st. :
GIRL wanted for light housework in small
family; wa#es SS. Address box 14, Call office.
! GIRL with references to work for 2 adults:
! wages $10* to $12.* 1420 O'Farrell et
APPRENTICE girl with some experience to
learn tailoring; pay: 222^ Fulton st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCIS. 796 Sutter et. ' . ¦ ¦ :..
I CHAMBERMAID wanted. Call Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St. ;
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. Ap-
ply 1120 Fulton st. /
TRIMMERS, salesladies and makers; the best
only; position year round. 130 . Sixth st.
WOMAN for about 15 minutes' woTk in the
morning in exchange for room. Box 4541. Call.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$20. Apply before 12 m. at 2904 California Bt,
WANTED— A good girl for general housework
and cooking; small wash; wages }2i. Call at
1727. Vallejo st. .. .. • ..: ;
GIRL; light housework. Coll after 9 a. m.,
1913 Geary st ¦ . \ ; '•
YOUNG girl, to assist In general housework;
$10 to $12. 710 COle St., near Chutes.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; also finisher;
first-class wages; steady work. 956 "Mlsulon.
A NURSE girl, reliable, to assist with baby
5 months old. 2116 California st.;. call bet. 8
and 12 or 5 and 7 p. m. :
WANTED— Experienced men's neckwear hands;
also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON, 618
Market st,
TWO Inexperienced "Iris to learn fancy ironing
at St. Nicholas Laundry, 17th and Folsom.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' shirt
waists, sun bonnets and lawn* caps; good
wages. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Sanaome st
WOMAN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES to ienrn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdresslng taught in four weeks. Call
or writ* for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay et.
LADIES' cloaks, suit*. $1 p»r week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions hac been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
?übccriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets. : open until 9 p. m. ' '
HELP WANTED — MALE. ¦??;
MURRAY i READY ...PHONE MAIN-5948
Leading. Employment and .Labor Agents.. '
.: :.Want to-day from 7 a. m :.
German cabinet maker gardeners
• 23 laborers, . fare 50c .....$2 to $2 73. day
.15 laborers, fare. 2sc... i ..,.sto, $50
14 laborers, fare 5C $30 and found
' -6 laborers- to dig ditches on ranch. 50c fare
• '. ; $'J6 and found
7 men to burn brush, etc., on orchards...."..
- - -.. $20 and found
6' men to learn to prune, orchards and vine-
yards $20 and found
6 laborers for mines.; _.$3O and found
7. laborers for a ranfh, fare $1 70 $20 and fd
3 'farmers and wives (no children)
."..s4o' and $30 and found
choremen and boys for farms
$20, $13, $10 and $S and found
. stablemen and boys, city and country Jobs
milkers, butter- makers ..$3O and found
25 farm, "orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $26, $22 r >, $20 and found;
also teamsters: IS3 woodchoppers, tiemakers,
picket post and shingle bolt makers, tools
and food found on some Jobs, $2, $1 f>o, $1,
75c cord. 12c each ... ,
15 four-horse teamstera,. fare 75c $34 and fd
9 six-horse teamsters $2 day
26 two-horse teamsters, fare $1 $26 and fd
6 two-horse teamsters, city Jobs $26 and fd
"15 two and four horse teamstorr, " rnilroad
work ....". $2 and $1 75 day
8 scraper "holders for rallrond work..s] 73 day
MURRAY & READY.
..-.. - ..634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL, baiery, laundry and butchers' dept.
12 cooks $30, $45, $40, *30, $2S and found
9 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
baker, country shop $35 and found
3 third hands $30 and found
biitrhPr for a ranch, fare $1 25 $35 and fd
laundryman, Troy machine, country
$35- and found
boys and young men to learn to wait, drive
bakery and butchers' wagons and work In
bakeries and stows, lunch counters, etc, $25
¦ to $15 and found
piano player dishwashers and camp waiters
young man for delicacy store.. s4P and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, scraper holders and dumpers for
the. Coast road. Free Fare..
Bnker and pastry, hotel, $60; 2 nent bell-
boys,, hotel, $15 and $20; all-around laundry-
man. country laundry. $35; washer, hotel
laundry. "$3-*'>; barber, country hotel. C. R.
HANSBN fc CO.. 1M Oeary st.
ERRAND .boy who knows the city and lives
with his parents for our office. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary E t.
NEAT young barkeeper for a club, $40, board
and room; muFt b« a first-class mixer. C. R.
HANSEN A- CO., 104 Geary Ft
WANTED— Driver for baker's wagon, $30 and
found; farmer. $1 day; 10 woodchoppers, $1.25
cord; candy maker for country; short order
cook, $33 to $45 and found; wnlters, dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628
Sacramento Ft.
WANTED
Barber and assistant attendant for Institu-
tion, short distance In country, must be young
man, salary $25 per month, with board, lodg-
ing and washing; references required. W.
D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay rt. ¦
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market downstairs.
BARBERS' Procresslve Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th': tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Strong boy to work in bakery; must
sleep home. Inquire at 32 Sixth st, 10 a. m.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 2T.8 First st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 1001 Palace Hotel.
WANTED— Steady. man to assist in light out-
door work; will pay $16 p<T week; must have
$100. 1016 Market .St.. room 10.
MAN and wife for a private place In country
town. Apply MRS. CATTELL, 523 Eighth
St.. Oakland.
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— A young man to run an elevator.
Falrmount Hotel, Market and Fell sts.
LUNCH waiter wanted at NE. corner of
Howard and Beale Bts.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
bath rooms. 120 Geary at.
WANTED — A youn« man with some exp*-
perlence In dry goods. Apply 1221 Stockton st
GENTLEMAN piano player wanted. Apply
Clneograph Parlors. 747 Market Bt. »
BUTCHER wanted at Grand Pacific Market
421 Turk st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 8 Hayes st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 107 Berry st.. foot of
Third.
YOUNG man to' drive milk wagon at 816 Treat
aye. ;¦ German or Scandinavian preferred.
WANTED— First-class operator on custom
coats. 106 Battery st.
RELIABLE man to drive wagon, solicit and
deliver orders at the American Clothing Re-
novatory. Dyeing and Cleaning Works: small
capital required. Apply to GUS BENZOTT,
150 Eddy «t.
SHOEMAKER wanted; must be all around
man, capable of doing fine' custom work;
steady situation. Address box 655, Call office.
6CO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st. between lat and 2d ats.
SEAMEN and green hands for cruise south.
327 Pacific at. '
BARBER" for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street. ':
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart rt. ¦
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
GET your shofs half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert ln-
etruction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach th<j tonsorial art thoroughly; special
inducements this month: call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25e per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at S.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. 11. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
¦ : neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the -ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st. . . : .:
A: BFiANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk- st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH Office; for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky sts.; onen until 9 p. m.
CHEAPEST and b»st in America— The Weekly
Call, 1G ropes, gent to any address in the
Li' United Ptate«. postpaid, for $1 per year.
IIOKSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
FAMILY horse,! one of the ; finest; sound
and fearless; child can drive; also Stude-
baker trap and harness, nearly new. COLO-
VNEL FREEMAN, Presidio.:
<Q . HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggle*.
oarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
Z*~ Sixth st. ; auction snlea every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DO YLK. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market. St.; bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some tine matched black teams;
THREE or four Jersey cows for nale; very gen-
' ' tie; for family use. J. F. PERLE, Ansel Isl.
HOUSES— LODGING — FOR SALE. .
R7"H~wTN^O^*nrCoT^ocTMa7i^t st
-: RELIABLE BROKERS
30 rooms; new house: new furniture. .....s2COo
44 rooms; corner; part cash; rent $125 2000
D 4 rooms; corner; part cash 3900
J4 rooms; rart cash; corner.... 1250
33 rooms; corner; rent. $125; elegant...... 2COO
I 13 rooms; piano; elegant 830
17 rooms; rent $30; pickup.... '....... 525
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
. $2600— New building; near Chronicle.
$SoO— Clean furniture and paying well.
. $3000— 30 rooms; cheap rent; downtown.
' $500— Geary st. near Jones; rent $50.
»2SO0 — Nenr Olj-mplc Club; 30 rooms.
$1000— Ne.ar Phelan Fountain; 21 rms.: rent $SO.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
IS-ROOM house; all new; central $750
17-room house; rent $50. 450
65-room house; clears $450 4000
10-room house; nice home... 325
E5-room house; clears $200 ISOO
Money to loan. GALE. 320 Parrott bldg.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX A CO., 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 CO.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. •
$45— SUNNY house. 10 rooms, bath, storeroom.
etc. 2.V!S Washington st.. near Alta Plaza.
LOST AND FOUND. Y : V
LOST— Bay horse; white star on front of head;
mark T. B. on hind left leg. Inquire at 1102
Mission st ;' •
LOST— In the Grand Opera-house Sunday night.
. • December 31. a cigar case, with name, JACOB
" B NIELSEN. Piease return to 6. Central
place, off Pine St.; near Kearny; reword.
LOST — Scotch colllej tan and- white; white' on
. breast and neck; ;6 months.- old. . Return, to
2810 Jackson s.t. ; reward. :
LOST— Silver-handled umbrella In Fergusonts
saloon New Year's eve. Return to J. HYER.
• 405 Geary st, and receive, reward.
LOST— GoId chain bracelet. .Jubilee sovereign
attached: turquoise setting. Reward at" 208
Powell st. ¦ ¦¦ • • ' :
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black spot on-
.head; has pups.. Return to 1428 Turk; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
•and Loan Society of Sa.n Francisco, in" ths
name of SAMUEL "H. JAMISON, No. 237-250.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of. EMMA A. BOLLIER. No. 170-840.
The finder will rleose return to bank.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR.. KOHL, the only reliable ladies' phy-
' siclan and specialist of long and successful
"practice; private home for patients before an<J
during confinement: best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5: consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 .Market st. between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladies* physician
¦and specialists; home for patients In confine-
' ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DOXNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for yean; treated thousands
of casrs successfully ; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write nr call at 1023% Market St.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist,
formerly of 441 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office, $5; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In F. F. Office. lIS EtMy st. near Mason.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate are.
D*t. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5: consultation free. 818 Kearny st. •
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment JJ.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. ; at residence, 228 Van Ness
aye, a to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st. pet Hyde
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12, I to 4 and 7 to b.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
rt : every case guaranteed: $5 np.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 centt per share- or monthly Install-
ments; tend for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st, rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Jta
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50." BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st, San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-IC2I-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth. : .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st.
1 H. B. SMITH 4-sided sticker: 1 Goodell A
Waters planer tc matcher, 24x6: 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; & locomotives ; 3 istrs.
220 Fremont sk
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
FOR SALE— One choice fresh family cow; Jer-
sey and Durham. Inquire 3578 Mission st.
ELEOANT fawn beaver cape; silk lined: latest
model: bargain: $50. Room 11. 1421 Market st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BEXTHAM, IS3O Market st
$20— 12-GAUGE Henry Tolley breech-loading
gun; originally $100; almost new. 921 Capp.
ELECTRIC lighi bath cabinet; 54 lights. Ad-
dress box 4194. Call office.
NEW No. 6S Majestic range, with steam table
artd cooker. Address box 4193. Call office.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian rrandolin at
a bargain. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pln«.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery at.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron A wood; 2d-hand. J. BtJRKE. 139 Beale.
NEW style Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers;
oak: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SAFES — New snd second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand; acety-
lene generators. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. Sit Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whltelaw.2lS Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO. ¦ 417-421 Sacramento rt
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— IOO kittens; tiger breed; good price.
Apply LOUISE CANCER, SO3 Montgomery St..
top floor, room 8.
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S, 420 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Piano for storage or low rent. Ad-
dress box 4825, Call.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. "55
Gclden Gate aye:
LOT of old windows and tank closets; muat be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 63C Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. Id ana ad mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
ilay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
• est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
it.: tel. Main K44; Branch 19 Third st .
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
: In estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room : IS. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture, or plarios in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN, 1017 to 1C23 Mission Bt.. above Sixth;
telephone South 14. . . ;.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
1851: our own fireproof bulMine; Drlvate en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. :
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st
MOST reliable rlace to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
. highest prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rites; take elevator: tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removai, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Room*
€8 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON * CO.. 1026 Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
ar.y proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister su
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money se» H. MURPHY. 53ft Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2000 on first mortgage. Address
box 1534. Call office. :
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.'
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and lew-pticed pianos
' where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and hava full purchase
prlc» allowed. We are. celling new upright
pianos for $3 per month, and ' some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.,. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
PACKARD pianos ar.d organs are "all right."
Agency at.MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. '¦_'. :..
THE sale of "Baby" Deckers during the holi-
days was unprecedented* A new supply Just
". .received at MAUVAIS'. 765 Market st.. :
HEADQUARTERS for' gramophones, grapho-
• phones. Olyropia music boxes. -.'Wiiborn and
Ideal guitars. Stewart banjos. MAUVAIS'.
769 Market st. : - - . - ,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR * CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organ* snd
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and-prlces; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.. . ... ' '•: ¦
KNABE pianos: new 'seal*; new stylos. KOII-
LER fc CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ALL makes for a short' time" cnly.. ; --.- -- : .
$4. $4. $4, $4. $4, $4 Rer month, . . : \
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelriwaysv l.Vose & Sons and
60 other slightly used hi*li and medium grade
pianos: special discounts (or cash. ":-.-
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
AGENTS-i-Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparisons. ' Spenaer. Piano
House. ISIS Market st.; .sepd for catalogues.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
- pianos; prices reduced to- Insure prompt sales.
. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st, : ; -\ . '.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary at.
BARGAIN— Nice upright pibnd: only $60 cash;
. sold for storage. 1710 Market "it." •..'.-
OUR pianos have arrived: rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st..' .
W. B. BADOER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos..
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.-
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st. .- " :;
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister st.. next Hlbernta- Bank. ¦
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old anil new. ¦ H. -
-MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place..
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
3-STORY and basement brick building;. eleva-
tor; adapted for storage or manufacturing;
190 Stevenson st.. near Third; rent $75. MAD-
ISON A BURKE. :¦ - . .. '.; -¦¦-¦ ,:
326 AND 3CB Pacific st.— 2 handsome large store*
to let: oneap to rood tenant ¦' :•' '• ¦-.-' .-
~ PERSONALS. ;¦¦'•¦
AN American gentleman.- age 40, helghTTTeef,-
weight 170 pounds, of good appearance :and- no
bad habits, kind and loving disposition.' would
love to become the companion for life fn city
or country of a lady with means. Address
carefully FRANK YOUART. box 4543 Call
office. San Francisco. . : -. . . .
LEON LEMOS— A fine - suit' to order $10 75 or
pants $3 75.. Our specialty in remnants allows
" us to sell cheaper than- ready/made.- L. LE^
MOS. 1117 Market st.,- bet. . 7th arid Sth, prop
One-price Tailoring Co.; 532 Kearny St. near
Saoramento; also 1644. Market St.. under St
Nicholas. ¦ " . • : . • . ;.. ,
LEDERER'S Qulntonies prevents the hair fall-
ing out. makes it look like, satfn. 3T>c bottle-
Lederex s Foamp Bhampoo.S'c pkg. 123 Stocktn.
GENTLEMAN would like position as book-
keeper or office work; graduate Heald's; fair
• telegraph operator; references. F. E., 424 Ellis
\-^j'-f.< PERSONALS, -....¦'¦ ¦'¦ ':';:. jl.
LEDERER on TUESDAY only will sell all tl
switches at EOe: halrdresslny. 25c; restored to
Its natural color. %1 50 to $5. with Schefllar**
Colorlne: 75c box. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a SDeclalty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $« P«r week;
free "bus and baggage to> and from the » arr y-
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROBIS. 27 Ninth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on D. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothlnx. bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 80S Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third at.; send postaL
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair socialists, grow hair
* or no pay: book for stamp. 8 Eddy at.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. IJIS Unden. Oakland.
HH VI. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
ATMTipECK & CO..
6«7 Market St.. opp. Kearny.
$100,000.
Ellis-st corner, close to Mason; MxlS?; «tor«a
and 70 rooms; will pay 1 per cent net. ¦ ;!:*:.-
$35,000.
Rare buy; rlcralty Stockton and CFarrell:
stores and lodging-house abort; 4 story and
basement building; lot »« ft. front.
$30,000.
Corner near Santa Fe ferry cite; mU7:t|
only corner for sale tn this vicinity. .:¦. . ¦_
$26,500.
Near Eddy and Jones; stor* and M room*
above: modern; pays 7 per cent net. •'.
$25,000. . : : : .". '
Geary st. near Taylor; MxJO feet, no tetta*
buy downtown. . ;¦'. : ;-...: -
$12.MQi -- '.
Close to Market and Taylor; atoraa aad £*t»t
M feet front; rents about $100. ; . '. ,: / ?
..:¦ $?»»>
Corner near Market: renta $1150 yearly; «tor«
and flats; nearly new. ¦ ¦.'..-.; -.
$60C0.
Post st.; S good flats: rents $40 : lot 17x119 ft.
$6000.
Business corner near Union Iron Works; 100s
100. : v ; • ;-:
A. M. SPECK A CO.. Ul Market st.
FIRST-CLASS business lot: cheap If sold Ul«
week. Box 1553. Call office.
STRAIGHT bona flde bargain; dependable,
splendidly located new modern house; must
be told immediately; 9 sunny rooms; wtHb«
sold very cheap. 171 Carl St.. Halxht-st. cars.
transfer at Masonlo aye. . : ¦
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sal* oa
Pterce and Waller sts.. near Halght; over M
houses sold In same block. Terms t» suit by
F. NELSON, builder. ; - - .- _ ¦
RESIDENCE— 9 rooms: lot 27:fa127:i; $6000?
Clay, near Webster. GEO. "W. CIIAPIN. ll
Montgomery st. . :
FOR sale — Cheap, new 2-story houses; T roomsa
latest Improvement*; No* and Hill sts.: neas
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk. :
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale*
A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— Whei*
sending for my CATALOGUE always state
about what Is wanted— amount to Invest, etc.
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list
of "SNAP" bargains— near what you want,
not In catalogue. While I make a special
feature of NAPA and SONOMA countr
places. I'm personally acquainted with over
3000 ranches for sale and exchange in Call-
fornia— more than any other ten ag«nt» l»
the State. I travel nearly all the time, in-
specting; country property.: : ¦
X. D. SICK ELS. the LAND AGENT.
10 Oeary gt.. opposite Chronicle bldg.. S. V.
FINKST general rnnch In California to b*
. given away on account of foreclosure, Se«
CLARK & CO.. .V 9 H-arat building.
FOR pale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
clseco property, fruit ranch 102 acres: Talus
: $Sf*>. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
! 13' i ACRES— Must b* sold: 2 miles from Santa
[ Clara: 10-room house; 2 wells; all In orchard.
| » Geary st.. room 15.
j YES. $3 [x»r acre up: faxm list; fre« fare. M.
; GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. near Call building.
¦ MILLBRAE lots and blocks: fenced; water
worV» BT'TTKRFTEI.D 927 Market nt.
ItoO.WJ KOll rtOGSKKKtIPUIG.
BUSH, 633—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas and bath; yard.
CHESTNUT, 233. cor. Dupont — Furnished room
to rent for houaelteeping; cheap.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: yard: water: rear: rent $7.
FOIJSOM. 739— A1l light rooms, for houseke*p-
ing. $2 up; also single rooms $1 up.
JULIAN aye.. 192, cor. Sixteenth st.— Furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 223— Medium-sized unfur-
nished front room: adults: $5.
MCALLISTER. »70-Private family; newly fur-
nished sunny front room for gentleman.
OAK. 303 — 2 unfurnished front rooms; suitable)
for housekeeping. .v
O'FARRELL. 1027 — Front suits: housekeeping
• privileges; use of piano; also single room.
PERRY. 188—2- furnished housekeeping rooms;
convenient.
POWELL, 610— NIc* bay-window sJcore suite;
running water; also housekeeping prtriles*
rooms. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of. adrer»
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m. ¦¦¦ -¦¦'.;: -¦•:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aa4
subacriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st. . .' .-¦ '..': ' ¦."¦ . ¦ 2 •••.' ••¦¦¦::•-.. '.-"•
A BRANCH office fcr Call adTertlscments aad
subscriptions ha« been: established tt ths
northwest, corner of Twenty-second and Xeo-
turkv ft*.: oren till * t». : m.: • ' ¦ ¦ .:
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and In torn.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 . Blith— Room*
25c to $1 per. nizht; $1 IS to |5 per week, anit
light housekeeping; open atl night. ¦ .. '•'•
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor i sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevators
bath; rooms COc to $1 SO day. MRS. J. KINO*
AUSTIN aye.. 108. near Polk st.— Large sunny;
front room; furnished. '. .. ...--.': ... ' .: •-.¦.. '.'.:¦ • ;'
BOHEMIA. 23» Post, i cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentlemen and families i
¦ spec, rates tourists;, elevator;' all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 1384)— rur-
.nlahed tjjis.. suites, single; : also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. T-Sunny corner: well fum. ; rms. A of flees.
CLASSIFIED Hdvertlsements and subscriptions
. received at Call, branch office. 2200 FUltnore st.
EDDY Sl3, bet. Hyde and Larkin— Nice tunny
rooms from $6 to $15 a month; to (entlemea
only. ': y- ¦ .\ ¦:..:¦..'.;.¦• •:-. : . '¦¦:.¦..¦•¦¦-. ¦.;¦
ELLIS. 833. corner Laxkin— Sunny bay-wlndtnr
. mantel; double folding-bed ;.Welsbach burner.
FIIANKLIN. 503— Sunny front room and board;
. bath; gas; $4 week: private family. :
FULTON, ; 218—1 or more suites of front sunny
rooms: gas stove: running water: $18 or $!>»
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MR3, H. HTER.
GIRARD House. 132 Seventh—^Sunny furnished
rooms; diay or week; reasonable. .
GOUGH 7f-*—*- sunny, rooms, both connecting;
. running water and place for stove; rent rea-
¦ sonable. -. .¦.. •'•¦ ¦':¦¦¦¦ ¦":¦¦¦-'¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ . . - ': . ' ..-.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
' and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en: suite or
• slnicls: ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GEARY.: 40S— Three nicely furnished rooms for
man: and. wife: SlS. '.;¦•'¦'••¦.. ".-.-•. -. : - ¦
GRANT aye.. 217, opp. Samuels' lace house — En
suite or single: very reasonable. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' : \ ;
HAIGHT. 100— Newly rurnlshed sunny rooms,
suitable for 1 or * gentlemen. -. ;-. ;. - ,' :
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
roomtng house; $1 SO to $6 p»r week.
HARRISON. 7344. near Fourth— Finely furnish-
ed . rooms; bath: all the latest improvements;
: homelike; $1 week up.. .. .. -.; . . -. : ¦
HOWARD. .715-^2OO sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nlshed;. every convenience; ; electric lights.
HOWARD. S2»— Clean, respectable: 25c-$l p«V
night: ,l-$3 per week; Howard cars to iio*.
LARKIN. So4— Small sunny room, neatly fo#»
•_- ;nlshed.;s4. .: ; '.
MASON. 213H-Nlcely: furnished sunny room;
reasonable; quiet and homelike. : .-
MINNA. «87. corner. Eighth— Newty furnished
bay-window rocnu $1 pet l week; transient.
Arllnirton. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
Sjcday up: $2 week up;: transient. ¦ ¦
O'FARRELL.. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electrtc lights; day, wk.; mo.
O'FARRELL. 504—Furnlshed suite; sunny rea-
• . sonable; to centlemen. :- . . .' . "•
ROYAL House. 12S Ellis St.— lncandescent light.
readlnfr-room. I smoklniC-room and ladies' par-
.- lor; rcr>ms, per night, SSc. to $1 50; week. $2 t»
• $8; month. $3 to. $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment. House. 23 Eighth st.
. near Market— Furnished aad anfurolsnsd, *
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.
8KtNRY J. CAL.UAGH'E«CO.,
(Ececeraors to Flansaran & GaH«ch*r).
FUNERAL DIKECTORS AND EMBALiIERS,
Vj FMh »v. cppoalU L ncoia acaosi,
¦Telepijons SouJh ttX
MAEBIED.
•PnnTSCH-WEHRMANN-In . th's city. I>-
C^iOembfriirUJl by Key. J. Fuendelin*. Joseph
"•¦JUrtich- .of Fresno, Cal.. and Mar?aretha
-.-' "P.Vhrrr.'ann of Frnns. Cal. jffgMli'.'ytm milßiffijg
UAfcai— HQFMANN— In Melrose. Cal.. January
.- I; i:.'!5:V-by RffV. J. Fn»n4«!injr. Auarust Darara
j-Br'S.-Clara Hcfcißtin. both of Melrone. Cal.
'..Kt;{-nG<ER-ZAHN— In this city. December V,
: •• »,y R*>v.. J. FuendeMn*. H*inrlrh W.
...Kraever of Bah Francisco and Minnie Teresa
" .-¦ '7-Ahfc'o* Nt v tvmaii. Ptnnis!aua Cotintr. Cal.
..; iVpi EFEE- EEXIN«— In this dtr. January 1.
.;..i n?ft,iv H«-v. J. Fuendeling. Joseph B. Mene-
•¦ ',-7^.-M.r» ; . of Arcata. Cal.. aad Amy D. Ben-
¦ r.lr.c of Ear. FrcrjciMso.
.'• i:;v2HL^GAHSOX— In thU dty. December 2L
•.•'.•¦,'.• Tay. Frant-e Morel and Alice Envalda
;.• .¦•¦.'^£>%^ri. • ¦
.-¦•¦**-.»?» a r— rrrrvr>Ei.rKO— ia this dtr. De-
•' -• : 5f? Ii : b^ r ST." !**»- *T Rev. J. FsencU-llnjr; John
:.;-V.P, i^rnasr of £*ockto=. Cal.. and Estelle
:.- • .F-,Jo.T.ae!!rz of 5-7;. Francisco.
; ¦*Ti;iN_S E rKMANN ; -In thl* city. Jarjiury 1
- -ly U«-v. J. Fu«idrlinx. WUliarn F. 6tein
.. **Stß. 3canna 1!- .Beckraann.
. : '.¦rui.IVAN— HOLLIDAT— In this eitr. Decera-
~*JsE3* I 8». by Rev. J. Fu«rfideUoK. James M
.-""£r Jli vaa and Maud* 1* Hollldar. both of
• Jallejo. Cal.
' .^?TirROWEKI-NTrMAN-In this city, De-
" S? 1: i! er IMfJ ' fe y X* 1 '- J - roendellng. Albert
. wichrowakl and Oant Hawkis* Nl«car^
DEATHS.
v •-F!rtk,.'marrla«re and d»=ath notice* sent by
,niatl'.»;iil.Rot be Inserted. Thej- must be handed
•!3'•**-¦! 3 '•**-¦ ellh'er of the publication cfnees nnd be
Indorsed, with the same and residence of per-
; -«oc)i.'autiiorised to Lave th« eatae published.
:if,ATTEI^>Ci:— In tSUi city. Jancary L ISW, to
;'• t4ie- «r^s>.-of Georre I^aurerjc-, a son.
.CrpRIEN^In this city, December . 21. JSSt, to
ytbg.wltftfqf Jos*ch 11. CBricni a son.
'•VCkL'p.IX-. To the J wlf e of A- Volpln of Tnma.
¦ Ar.Vf.-. adaught^r.
'-¦¦-prviDEN-D'iNftlc^-Dlvldend >¦*•' 10 ° fnCc P* r
: • sh^r*) •cf -the Oceanic . Pteamshlp Ccrapacy
• ' will. W payable at lhe cfflce.cf the company.
: • "r:o;. ZTT Msrket »t rV en and after Tuesday.
•Janaary J. l?^0. Transfer books wIU close on
;. • 'Weariesday, December T7 1899. at X o'clock
.'p. m.-.:. .'•• E. H. SITEI^DOy. Secretary.
DIVXDEN-D cbuce— Mutual Pavings Bar.k of
-. fan" Francitco. 23 Pc#t «t.— Fcr the half year
. .«hd'l£* December 21. a dividend has be«a
- -Aeclar.ed- at -the rste cf three Ct) per cent per
'. arktiTi- en all 'deposits, free cf taxes, payable
". ca atid after TtTESpAT. January t, IM9.
' :• ;. :'.-'¦¦ ' "GEOBGE A. 6TORT. Ca«hler.
Steamer Movements.
THE Ocotinertal Sulidrr.s; and Ix>aa Aesoda-
.ttoß cT Calif crr.ia;': S3 .Senscme et.. San Fran-
• : clsc?V -has- declared tor" .-{he « months endlnr
; December 11. IS3S. a -dividenl of II per cent
'per- annum to fl.a*i "A'.\- et>>ca:. •19 per cent
':'per arEum t-o class "'F" etoclt, t per cent per
aßauia .en term descclts and- 6 p*r oeot per
tif:a -ca. errdlnary. deposits.
\. rCAPT. OLIVER ELDRirXjE. President.
' -• ¦v.IiJJAM.CORBIN.. Secretary.
-EAVrSGS.'.arid Loan : £oci«ts;' ICl ' Mcntromery
¦ rL. ¦' dividend" notlce-^The bckis : ' pf . directors
• • .<Ucli.rtiJ' :z ..-JTvlderid . for the- ' term cad-
:' • '¦ Izj;' Becember- Si; -'iVA. ¦¦¦ at -the rate .of
,'r- -thr«« - fcrfi v efity - joße-hurrfredths a.«C) p«r
'•cent' p*r >E.muin oa.te.rra '.depovlta.' and thr»e
..." <I)'J>er-eer.t per>-a^Tiuni on crdinary depoeits,
•-- .-tree .of . taxes., and payable en and after Janu-
iary- 1. '-ISOO
V ¦-. Dr>i<*en<i« bet. called, for" ar*' added to and
.-•bear the terr>* rtte-'cf 'dividend t» tn« prln-
¦-' c:s*l frora- end .after. January X ISOO. :'• ; -
• .' ". - CYnT.-fe.--W. .JCARiIANT. Cashier.
IITOEXD tcUce— Security Saving Eank. S2
ilentgerrery St.. Mills buililr.r— For the half-
y«?ar t-auitx D«<:en:t>er 80. 1S?», dividends en
¦ terra Cez-cttlt at the rate Of three and elx-
• tenths <2 *-:0) j«r c«nt per annum and on or-
C:r.«ry cec>o«lts at the rate of three (S) per
• cer.t j«r annum, free cf tares, wiu be pay-
able ca and alter January 2 ISM.
¦ : • ' . ' - . S. L, ABBOT JTL, Secretary.
AN Sctroduction to you frora H. Schellhaas. the
funatui* dealer. 11th «nfl FYanklln. Oakland.
tCOO— "WILL e«:i quick for *4SGC; fine corner
reeldenc*- : let. «SH7I: > rooms: tip to date.
E E. BUNCE. tOS Broaiway. Oakland.
li: CASH, tt rronthiy for 3 Cne large level lots.
ready for bulllis* on; wiU bulid a 1-roorn
ccXtM£* ca -.:.r"« lots, with s-ood well of
water, picket r«nce ar.d cuthouse all com-
piete and ail told for 1500; low monthly rent
paying will buy your home; Allendale Tract,
•^iolclr^ East Oakland; C 8 fanr.lies now lo-
cated within 2"-* years: streets all traded,
ecnjt macadaLrnitei: clu«e to S electric car
l:n«* a^d raodfl echocl: 2 blocks frora a S5-
"ooc-wide bouieTard; call or send for circu-
lar. 41$ Seventh si., Oakland: carrtae* rr»o.
UENBY Z. JONES. Otrnv.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. l-r-5 p. m.
The following 1 are trre seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date laat
season, and rainfall in tha last twenty-four
hours: . ' ; ¦> v. ,". »- • . ; . ¦«
Last This Last
Stations— 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .¦ n.n
Red Bluff i.lg ISO* 6.85
(Sacramento -w.... 6.24 10.11 ¦ 4.71
Ban Francisco 0.77 11.13 4.47
Fresno 0.13 4.67 LSI
Independence .0.00 1.79 0.61
San Lulc Oblspo 0.01 19. 38 1.31
Los Angeles 6.00 5.43 0.30
San Diego ". .... 0.00 I.M 1.09
Yuma : 0.00 0.E3 1.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
55; minimum, SI; mean', £3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A rtorm of moderate energy prevails off the
Washington coast. There has been a rise,
however, over the northern portion of the Pa
cific Slope. , During the past twenty-four hours
the pressure has risen about three-tenths of at
inch.
Rain has fallen along the ccast from Point
Conception northward. Tne rivers of the Saa
Jc-aquin and Sacramento Valley will rise rap-
Idly Tuesday. At Red Bluff the river has risen
from eight feet yesterday to sixteen feet i to
day.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Walla Walla, twenty-six miles,
from the southeast; Pocatello, thirty miles,
from the southeast.
Forecast mad» at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 2:
Northern ¦California — Cloudy, with showers
Tuesday: brisk southeasterly winds.
Southern Callfornla-'-Showers Tuesday: light
southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; rain tn northern
portion.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday.
A rixona— Cloudy Tuesday. '-.'••;
San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Tuesday;
brisk southeasterly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. • . Forecast Official.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. I.— CATTLE-Good to choice
native steers and Texans. strong: Inferior kinds
plow; cow market active and steady. Good to
choice. J5 40SR6 s<); poor to medium, J4 1535 SO:
mixed stockers, $3®3 SO; selected feeder?. $4 15
64 S5: rood to choice cows, $3 -40^4 60: heifers.
X ZoQi JO: canners. J2 iI%Z 50; bulls. $2 W@4 50;
calves, $4tf7 35: fed Texas beeves, J4 C{?s 35.
HOG?— Active, SSlOc hither: top,. $4 50: ?ood
clearance early. Mixed butchers', 54 I^4 E0;
good to choice, heavy, {4 Zyg* JO; rough, heavy,
li 15434 M; lleht, J4 10^4 42%; bulk of sales.
14 3<^? 4 45.
SHEEP— Active. lC®lsc higher. Lambs, 150
Isc hiuher. Strong demand and early clearance.
Native, wethers, $4 25(^4 55: lambs, $4 25©6;
Western wethers, U 3<V(?4 70; Western lambs.
15 40€5 So. .
Receipts— Cattle, 18.000: ehe«p. 10.000; . hoes,
K.OOO.
HOTEL for rer.t-The Bernard Hoow. at YaK
l«Jo Cal.. is c!Tered fcr rert frera March
. :. lr»: it.* it a sp'.eadld oppertuslty for *
. ifirct-clan hrtel rr.aa. Fcr rarticulars acpljr
t: A. T. HATHKffAT. VaTle'i. Oal.
.XLL JriaC» t>ouKht. scM. exefcaared. rented; re-
ra^rirr at Irwest ra.*es g?S Focrth «t-
jrWIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
tl MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
ofcch;r.e fjr"'.:«?s. :45 Elxth: phone Mint iS.
BAD trr.ir.ts *j«-te3 frr M: collections mad*
.- rltf ct cour.trr- PACIFIC COL.LECTIOX CO.
1.. 411 Mcntscmery St.. rooms *-M: tel. 65J0.
A BRaS'i'H btSesrtia* the reception of adver-
- tl&erhff^v ac- 1 *- eubscriptient has been opened
At^ii* rf.k «.; cpen till t p. in.
THE SA2s FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.
United States Coast and Geodetic 'Purvey—
Times and Heights of Iligrh and ¦ Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
TO BAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
KATLEOAD TRAVEL.
NORTHERN
PACIFIC
JAiLWAY
TWOTRAINS DAILY
via the
"Shasta-Northarn Pacific Route."
Elegant Double Drawing-Roora
Sleeping Cars, Superb Dining-Car Ser-
vice and Leather Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping Cars on every train.
Through Tourist Car to St Paul
every Tuesday night This car is
nicely upholstered in leather and" has
all the comforts of a first-class Pullman.
Bear in mind it's the only through car
run between San - Francisco and St
Paul. ;:.-¦
Tickets on *a!e at lowest rates to
SPOKANE. BUTTE. CHICAGO,
ROSSLAND, WINNIPEG, NEW YORE,
HELENA, £T. PAUL.
T. K. STATELER, Gen. Agt.,
638 Market Street, S. F.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S 9 nta F& Route.
The fastest train, running; over the t-rt rail-
road, with tho highest class - aoeoissiodatlsaa. -
Connecting train- leavoo Saa ' Francisco at
s:<xrp. m.
. KOHDAT. WEDiriSDAT, faiDAT.; BATUBDAT.
Arriving: In Chlcaco at 2:19 p. ra. •¦¦;..
TBIDAT. BUHDAT, TUEiDAT. WESSISDAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in the year. . Pullman Palac* aad
Upholstered Tourist Cars, leave Oakland Hol«
for Denver. Kansas City. Chi cat 0 and tb* Eaat
»:S0 p. ra. ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ' •'¦•'•¦".."
VALLEY ROAD ~
Between Stockton. P*resno; Hanford, Visalia,
TuKre and Bakersneld. furnishes good local
train service. . ' .
Ban Francisco office. CS .Market St.. telepjMtt*
Main 15J1.
Oakland office. 111S Broadway. . .
Bacrarflento office. JOl J street, .
Can Jcse office, T TVest Santa Clara «tre«V- ¦
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl* »-»«r""*» PTTJ.
¦ Commencing October 1. ISSJ
rBOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. ~:. ..
WEEK DAYS— •::(/>. «S:3O. U;W a. m.' 1-* SI
•3:40. 5:15. 6 00. «:S0 p. m. " "^
- - EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley an<J San Ra-
' fael. on Mondavi. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:00 aad 11:30 p. a. •? . »¦»".
: BUNDATB- 0 8;OO; '10:00. «ll:30 a. in • •l-M
1:15. »4:4 J. «:io; J:W p. m: . . ,"'. • '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. ¦ ¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL- TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:3.. •««. IHB. •»:« a. nC":
•K:3O. »:15. «3:40. *5:15 p. m. - • .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Eaturdayfl at 6:! 1 ) and 10:15 p. m.-
€:M. n:f«. 'lO^. 11:43 a. ' m.*
*1:«. »3;15. 4:4 i. *f:SO p. in. . .:. ¦'.
Trains .marked i*l start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLItT TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— Sv«3. «:«. 7:55. 5:43 a. m.-
15:35. li3S. S:*3. S:M r*." ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays. at T.CO and 10:13 p. m. . .
BUNDATS-8:(3. 10:C5- al ra.: 12:05. I.U. tM.
IM, «:45 p. m •
THROUGH TRAINS. '£§£&
T:00 a. m. week days— Cazadere and way statlona.
S:4O p. m. Saturdays — Tomales andvay statlcna.
*:C0 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way stations.
. /^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ib&Jm f*2o X r.Ail?. T .NT. Eitobtlshed
iHninlM*" I*" f'->r the trectsientof Private
fSLLfW ijgtf DlMMses, Lostilazih.-xi Upßility <>r
MSCt*ip*sC|3b rli^ease Tearing on bodyand mind and
WISFJKScyS Skin D!»eases- Thedocwr cures wben
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
r*£S&S3<'»re«sii»rnnieed. Callorwrite.
Or. J, *'. UIBBO.V Box 1937. 5aa Fraacitca
TO ARRIVE.
HT/MBOLDT . fav^ri «nd . Loan Eoclety. IS
;G»ary. rt-..— The- Arector? have- declared, the fol-
''-'icwirtr' sernT-ar.n-aal- dividends: ' 1.69 per cent
per. exsura- on. terra and "S. per cent p«r annum
-en ordinary deposit.:, payable on and after
¦ January 2.'- !«»:- '••'. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. 15OJ
DIVIDEND JfOTICES.
ALOHAS AND NAPA
HIGH SCHOOL TIE
N/ PA. Jan. I.— The football game here
this afternoon between the Alohaa of San
Francisco and the Napa High School team
resulted in a tie. The game was played
in a drenching rain, the players on both
sides simply rolling around in the mud.
A great deal of punting was resorted to
because of the condition of the grounds.
The Alohas had a strong center and often
went through Napa's line very easily.
Lester Jordan of the Napa team tried to
kick two goals but failed. A large crowd
witnessed tha contest. In a former con
test between these teams the Napa boy 3
won by. a score of 4to 0.
¦ '* - ' *
SACRAMENTO-CHICO
RESULT IN ABEYANCE
SACRAMENTO, Jan.. I.— The football
game here to-day between the Chico Nor
mal' School and the Sacramento team was
played in a field -of mud and during a
pouring rain. A large crowd witnessed a
very snappy and close game. Chico
claimed a victory by a score of 2 to 0.
but Sacramento protested a certain ruling
and claimed the result was a tie.. The
disputed point lias been left, to the sport
ing editor of a San Francisco paper to
determine. ¦
ARROYO GRANDE WINS
FROM PASO ROBLES
PASO ROBLES, Jan. I.— An interesting
game of football was pjayed in this city
to-day between a team from.' Arroyo
Grande and a local eleven. A large crowd
of people from all section!? of the county
was present to witness the game. The
raan came down at times but the interest
in -the game kept the crowd, nevertheless.
The f»core stood five for Paso Robles and
six for Arroyo Grande.
:'¦ ? ¦
CARLISLE BRAVES
SCALP PHOENIX REDS
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. I.— The Carlisle
football team- met the Phoenix Indian
School team here this afternoon. Tho
score was 83 to 6 for the Carlisle team.
Captain Wheelock of the Carlisle team
was badly injured and will be laid up for
come time. His left leg- was injured in
falling and he waa carried from the field.
NEITHER REDDING
NOR WILLOWS SCORED
REDDING, Jan. I.— Neither side scored
in tho came of football at Recreation
Park to-day between Redding and , Wil
lows. The game was hotly contested.
SELMA DEFEATS THE
BERKELEY PEERLESS
SELXIA, Jan. L— Selma defeated Berke
ley Peerless football eleven to-day by a
ecore of 10 to 6.. Two thousand peor>l«
were In attendance.
PORTERVILLE ELEVEN
VANQUISHED BY VISALIA
VIBAL.IA, Jan. L— Visalia football team
defeated Portenille team.
HAWKINS THE VICTOR
Callf ornian Knocks ' Out &weeney In
the Second Bound.
HARTFORD. Conn., Jan. I.— Dal Haw
kins of ¦" California knr-Ciici- out Patsy
Sweeney of Manchester, N. 1%., In tho
second round of a slugrging match "before
the Nutmeg Athletic Club to-day. The
fight was hot and fast and early In the
second round both men were decidedly
grogsry. In this round Sweeney waa
knocked down twice, and on the last oc-
• ELEGANT hcuses In course cf construstlca
ca ttd «., bet. Grove and West; S completed;
*.'¦'. rnofiern tepreverser.ts ; etreet work, side-
walks dor.c: email paj-ment down; balance
iBCBThiy i» der!r«d: toes'* cpea for Inspection
1» to 4 f^-.-r.'ars. J. H. SIMPSON. El 5 ICth St.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TWO f.ats — lf> rooms: modern; near rtatlca- 1
trlcrtf-? to Urlver^lty: rrtc* «M 0; easy terms.
FP-ErFE A- CODDINQTON. B«rk«ley Btatlca.
, ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
VA'A— LOT rtxlTl; ccttar* 5 rcems aad bath;
ftreet wcrk dene; easy terma.
. rXX>— Let tone; fine cottage; S large roosa
¦mt.S t*th: worth tSZOQ; cr.!y 8100 cash, balaacs
C2t !¦• r month: great snap.
tTX»— Let 49K150; Mcirton rt.. between rafl-
roa£s; :.cs: ct£t:cn and szhocl; handsome, new
rctugt c! « roorss a=d bath; BSOQ aad $S5 per
dcr.th. ¦. . -
tr»-Lct CCM; ?-story hrcee cf C rooras aad
fcata: Alaaeda are., cear Mortea-st. station;
tisy X«rma.
CKK>-Lct 4C-X.ZIV- fine cew t-story hons^ 8
rcctss and bath: Morten «t.. near stations and
«cr:<-.c:*: iSCQ reih. balance SJO per month,
83600— Let "ixiM; en tna:a avecue; cottars
f roccs and bath: great barra'.a; houses to let
la all pans cf Alarceda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
1O Park rt- Alameda. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
WATCH nCPAIRIXO.
XCUTCHJTS cleaned 7V: jrjarasteea 2 years.
. The Roy -Tewe'.ry ar.d r^tiral Co . Hi Kearr.y.
TO LEASE.
Watkin's Merciful; Lande & Gurber's Rienzl
beat Jeff Martenet's Bernal Boy; Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne beat P. MqCabe's Boney Boy.
Second round — Crals Boy beat Bella Mao; Lit
tle Sister beat McGregor; Royal Ann* beat
Rienzl.
Third round— Cralff Boy beat Little Sister;
Royal Anne a bye.
Final— Royal Ann« win* by default, Craig-
Boy withdrawn.
Owing: to the scarcity of hares there will
be no mid-week stake to-morrow at Union
Park. The draw for the Saturday and
Sunday etako will be held as usual to
morrow night. .
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Two stakes were run yesterday at Ingle
side Coursing Park. Patria won the
veteran stake,- Systematic being with
drawn on account of previous hard
courses. The champion stake was cap
tured by Wild Tralee. with Prince Hal as
runner-up. The day's results follow:
Veteran stake, first round — P Moran's Falsa
Flatterer beat J. Seggerson"s White Chief, &— I;
C. Anderson's Fairy D beat J. Edmonds" Vlda
Shaw, 6—2; F. Baker's Dora B beat D. Dillon's
Granuale. S— o- M. Nealon's Pretender beat
George Ehman's Fireman. 11 — E ; C. E. Wiley's
Gaslight beat Kay Bros.' Diana. 1*— 10: J.
Keenan'a Royal- Buck beat Kay Bros.' Eclipse,
4—3;4 — 3; X, Wilson's Magnate beat G. Plnto's
Hercules, 5—2;5 — 2; Lowe &¦ Thompson's Patria beat
W. C. Glaseon's Joy Bells. 6—o; E. easterly's
Lady Blanche beat M. Nealon'e Van Dorle, ?— 0;
J. Keenan's Fear Not beat W. Joiner's Lily
L&ngtry. 7—4; T. J. Ifarrineton's Mercy May
beat J. F. Tilden's Lily T, 6—o; D. Shannon'e
Systetpatio beat E. 11. Mulcaster's Lass o'
Gowrie, £—0. "
First tie— False Flatterer beaf Fairy D, 13 — 4;
Dora B beat Pretender, 7—2;7 — 2; Royal Buck beat
Gaslight,. 10—6; Patria beat Magnet, 8-2; Lady
Blanche beat Fear Not, 11—7; Systematic b'&t
Merry May. B—o. • it-;.. ;-.
Second tie— False Flatterer beat Dora B, 4—l;
Patria beat Royai Buck. 4— S; Systernttlo beat
Lady Blanche, 14—5. .
.Third tie— Patria beat Falsa Flatterer, 6—l;
Systematic, a bye.
Final— Systematic wu withdrawn In favor of
Patria, • • .
Champion stake— T. J. Cronin's Will Traleo
beat J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot. 6—l: H. A. Deck
elman's Rocker beat Handy & Smith* Magio,
4— l;E- D. Fallen's Lily of the West beat
E. M. Kellogs's Hummer. »— 5; J. CXShea's
Youns America beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Lady Emma, 6-^0; Lowe- &. Thompson's Prince
Hal beat Conneil Bros.' St. Helen, !I— 7; T.
Logan's Miss Grizzle beat Conneil Bros." Senor-
Ita. $—4; M. Mlchalek's Glenroy beat Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy, 4—l; R. L.
Taylor's Beauty Spot beat F. C Mack's Delia
M, 10—5.
First tie— Wild Tralee beat Rocker. 4—l:
Young America beat Lily of the -West, 7—l;7 — 1;
Princ« Hal beat Ml«s Grizzle, »— 1; Beauty
Spot beat Glenroy, 4—0..
Second tie— Wild. Tralee beat Tounp America,
26—14; Prince Hal beat Beauty Spot. 4—!.
Final— Wild Tralee beat Prince Hal. 7—o.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH etcrae* tnd Moriag Co.
Office. «:: P--yt ft.. c<r. Powe'.l: tel. Main STIB
STOHAGC AXD WAREHOUSES.
Shipping, Intelligence.
GREYHOUNDS COURSE .
WELL IN THE RAIN
Continued From Blith Page.
f.f-OM? r-arrei frcrr. $3: whitened, fl up:
¦¦ pa!nt:r-F acr.e. Hartman Paint 00.. 811 Third.
ANTOINETTE TREBELLI
TO GIVE A RECITAL
OAKLAND, Jan. I.— Unquestionably
one of the grandest musical events on the
tapis of the winter season's attractions,
and in which the lovers of music just now
are manifesting great interest, is the aong
recital to be given at the First Uni
tarian church by Antoinette Trebelli, the
soprano, on Tuesday evening, January 9.
The recital is expected to be one of the
best attractions of the winter.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. ¦
C H DucomnMn. Minn 1
A J Larson. Lodl
A -White. Stockton
E N Gale. Pta Rosa
S F McAnear, Cal
T A Stoddard. S Barb
G Dresden & w, Napa
D M Hart. Benicla
i Kullman. Benicia
J S Ross. Cal '
J W Wilson & w Cal
E T Purser. Orovllle
C Bunce, San Rafael
T J Paradi, San Mateo
F C Hanjrton. Nev
J Moore, Oakland
T W French. Chicago
H C Anderson, Alamed
W L Bowers. Cal
E Wheyley. Cal.
W Allen. Cal •
J C Franks, Bradford
J M Davideon. Sitka
L Bender, Seattle
E A Preb'-e, Cal
M L Gibson & w.Ukiah
Mrs A Richardson, Cal
Mrs A West. Illinois
J M Wolff & w. Boston
M N Wlljlamson. Sacto
C M Smith & w, Cal
Mrs R A Merrlee, Cal
Mrs M E Snook, Cal
N A Snook. Cal
Mrs 9 Field. Denver
Mrs V Palmer Denv«r
\V J Bw, Bellevus
J Marisb. Dubuaue
S Wallace & w. fil
T A McQuaide. Pa
J Harris." Jamestown
Dr W W Griffith & w.
Manchester
J MiKhavacca, Napa
R R Rcpers, Montreal
G Moore & w, Chicago
H McGill &. v. Cal .
Dr H 3 Hill, Seattle
Miffs E Clark. Nara
R Holm.' Colusa
J McCleary.- Chicago*
O Winter. Ashland
J James, Omaha
Mrs Hamilton. Seattle
C P Soule. Xew York
R J Jorden. N V
S A-Younr. >' V
O Snyder. Colorado'
Dr J Menefen & w, Cal
T B Mallory & w, Cal
A Hamilton, S^attlo
A Monottl. • Modesto
J C Donjln. Tacoma
O Woodward, N V
PALACE HOTEL
V O Murohy, Arizona
E B Stout 4: w. Cai
G Hatton &tr, S Mateo
A Hamilton, "Seattle
R Nicholson, Oakland
H O Whitney, a Lake
H B Whitney. 8 Lake
J H Araes_ Oakland
T Moffit, Oakland
V A Johnson, Stanford
H Lion, San Jose
P D Teller, Alameda
H R Plate. Stanford
G Hammersmith. Cal
H P Allen. San Jose
F Malley, Liverinore
A F Smith, Bhihgleton
D L Cane. Red Bluff
E D Roberts, Portland
(A C Nelson, Cal .?-.«.-
W G Nelson. Cal - T :
I W R Woodrou, I* Ang
'J Wolfskin. & vr, L, A
!Mrs S E White, Cal
!J A FairchUd, L Ang
! O P Posey, L X&%
DrKM Lunbore. Cal
B M Prince. S Rosa
J Kelly, w & d, Cal
H H Martin. Columbus
IO Bidwell. Baltimore
IT J Field & w, Cal
A C Israel & tf. Chic
iDr H W McClure. Eng
iJ Sullivan & w. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
J J Connolly. Vallejo
G Rheln. San Jose
A R Sutherland & w.
Elk <Jrove
J B Amlcn. Eureka
A HofCrcan. Fresno
H D Murray, Merced
F J Smith. Madera
J W Turner, Sanger }
XV Gallagher. Mllpltas 1
H C Willis. Agnewi I
L Rlgps. rklah
A H Grosser, Truckee
J G&hn, Portland " .
M Rescn, - Loa Ao^eles
P ds Martini, I»9 An?
A Devlin, Fresno
A Morphy. Stockton
H Myers," Sacto
A L Stlnson. Jf T
R N Oates.- Los Ans ¦
J R Wilson & w. Or
aJbrA-S'H DCSeo.JBor Call a2-rertle«n«=ts and
-~^ ggfbtcxipOvti*' has been established at the
";¦- rcrtr.*fr« i-ccrr.er of Twenty-second and Ken-
'"¦¦y-cT'Ky ft*. :• crwn tltl » Jt^ja.
A'SRA^Ko.'nrt fcr Call advertisements and
..,f^t!c-r:VV:.:S» I'fts been eslatilshed at ICS* Va-
• 'TITfJSr ¦££ V-; .
TUESDAY, JANUARY. 1
VAN NESS «ye . *:*— E>gant suites, single
¦"'rxsif.jT,!. h.-iiMkeer'.rg suites; suitable for
'¦¦¦ d-«tcr ;cr-:dentlst. .
rrrEXTT-FIRPT. SI!, cr. Mleslra— Furnished
/. frcr.t bay-wi? Sow roam; ras and bath.
THE Oaks. 11$ Th'.rd — A rood rooming house
-.. r-.-r rood pesp;e. R- HUGHES, Prornetcr.
FVineisco Bar. Published by official au
thority of the Bu&erißttndent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th« city- front (Ml»alon-»tr«*t wharf) about
twenty-five, mlnuteg later than. at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the sasj* at both placei.
casion the referee stopped tho bout, as
Sweeney was practically out.
m ¦ •
Reilly a Coming Wrestler.
DETROIT, Jan. l.—M. J. Rellly, the
amateur 155 pound champion wrestler of
America, Joined the professional ranks to
day when he met Jack Holcomb of Grand
Rapids. Holcomb, a ¦ 140 pound man.
agreed to throw Rellly three times in
eighty minutes, but Rellly won two out of
three falls and the match in forty-five
minutes. August Behrens, at 107 pounds,
won from Oscar Conners, 140 pounds, In a
handicap match, each securing, one fail,
while Conners agreed to win three falls
in forty minutes.
the directiop of Henry Holmes at the
Grand Opera House on the Thursday af
ternoons of January lSth, February Ist
and 15th, and March Ist and 15th. On
account of the immense seating capacity
of the theater it has been possible to fix
the price of season tickets at $5, $4. $3, $2
and $L The subscription sale will open
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Thursday
morning at 9 o'clock and last till Thurs
day evening, January 11, at 5 o'clock.
De Pachmann Farewell Recitals.
Vladimir de Pachmann, the great Rus
sian pianist who afforded so much musical
enjoyment hero last week, will give two
farewell recitals at Sherman & Clay's
Hall next Thursday and Saturday after
noons. His programmes will consist en
tirely of Chopin compositions and on
Thursday he will play the "Funeral
March."
HEW YEAR OPENS
WITH "FINNIGAN'S
BALL," A FARCE
Fougere Is. Packing
the Orpheum.
"THE CHRISTIAN" STILL ON
"CHDIMIE FADDEN" AT THE
AIiCAZAIU
The Christmas Spectacles "Sinbad"
' and "80-Peep" at the Grand
and Tivoli — Usual Vari
ety at tho Chutes.
"Flnnlgan'a Ball" is not a' comedy nor
a farce nor a farce-comedy, but it amuses,
which Is the main thing. A sense of
humor Is not lacking In Messrs. Murray
and Mack, the vaudeville graduates who
are' most of the show, and It crops out
occasionally In spite of thelF efforts .to
disguise it in horseplay of the most mons
trous kind. I could not help thinking
after every turn and encore that the.per
formers would give way to a horizontal
bar act, a ventriloquist or a band of
trained cats, so much does the show
t mack of variety. But. no, it went on and
on and on, a veritable continuous per
formance, and Murray and Mack were In
It all the time.
They are a versatile pair at all events,
combining singing and dancing, acroba
tics, knock about stunts and just plain
dialogue that }s Intended .to be funny and
does not always miss the mark. I did
not find the temptation to laugh at their
antics very strong, but the audience
seemed to think differently, which is more
important to the management. There is
one irresistibly ludicrous shot in the first
act when the two stars of comedy give a
burlesque boxing match. It is an old, old
turn, but Mr. Slurray and Mr. Mack suc
ceed in making it decidedly comic. There
is another laughable moment in act 11,
when a certain Charles Barry imperson
ates John Phillip Sousa and indulges, in
some paroxysms over the bass drum.
Barry's work throughout as the tramp Is
not bad as such things go. A feature
that succeeds to the extent of a- half
doien encores is the male quintet, which
purveys a popular kind of music. For
mine own part, however. I know of noth
ing more irritating than those uncouth
songs and minor harmonics that always
have taken and I- suppose always will
take the crowd. •¦*¦:-'
There is an animated doll In the cast
whose name is Kittle Beck. She can open
and close her eyes and say papa and
mama. She is more prominent than -any
cf the other girls, who are very .sugges
tive of the Standard's hosiery pictures
and sports as many costumes as she gets
dollars a week— perhaps. ¦ ¦
PORTER GARNETT
Orpheum.
Th» Orpheum "management has com
menced the new. year with a surpassingly
attractive programme, and- a -more thor
oughly satisfied audience never gathered
within its walls. There are more than ono
turn that of itself would prove a sufficient
attraction for one evening, and first
amjng them is Dorothy Drew, the singing
comedienne. She has already completely
captivated the patrons of thi3 popular ro
eort. not alone ry her sweet. 53-mpatnetlc
voice, but by her charming personality.
She is possessed of an exquisite form and
a quiet, refined manner that is refreshing.
Her singing of "Arrah, go on" was a
gem. but It was surpassed by "I'd leave
my happy home for you," which literally
"brought down the house," particularly
when she knelt in front of the leader of
the orchestra and whispered, "Are you
nervous?" Her cake-walking is Immense,
and for high kicking she can rival La
Sylphe. - > ;. -
Billy Rice and H. W. Frlllman, the old
time- minstrels, appeared in a skit, "A De
serted Mansion," and created no end of
laughter. They will make a decided hit
on the vaudeville stage. Frillman's deep
bass voice was given full scope in an in
troductory song. Billy's age haa not
dimmed his sense of the grotesque, aud
the way he rolls his eyes is something
worth going to see. Douglass and Ford,
einglng and terpsichorean artists, and Joe
and Wally Rozino are European novelty
eccentriques. The other newcomers made
a favorable impression. Of the hold-overs
Fougere, the Parisian chanteuse. seemed
to be In particularly good form last night
and was loudly applauded. John J. Thome
and Grace Carleton In their comedy "The
Substitute." the Avervs, La Sylphe and
the American blograph complete the at
tractive bill. '
TivolL ;¦;¦:¦,
"Little 80-Peep." at the Tlvoll, was a
success last evening. . The special and
particular success was the butterfly scene,
at the end of the last act, which was one
mass of glittering effects with flowers of
such sheen and brilliancy as are never
seen off the stage and never on the stage,
outside of the spectacular drama. There
were changing lights and young women
who developed wings unexpectedly, one
of whom went soaring away toward the
ceiling. This was the triumph of Oscar
L. Fest and the scene was so good that
the audience complimented it by remain-
Ing to the end; although the hour was
late. Musically, "Little 80-Peep". is not
so pleasing, although there were "several
good numbers and one song,- sung. by Wllir
lam. Schuster, was very catchy. . There
are a lot of lecal gags and horseplay and
also enough assorted fun to make the
evening pass very pleasantly. The prin
ciji.il fun makers were Ferris -Hartman,
\\ lUlam Schuster. Phil Branson and Caro
line Knowles. Annie Meyers .was Little
Boy Blue and Anna Lichter, Little Eso-
Peep. The house was .large, notwlthv
standing the weather. - . ¦.•/.:¦.
Grand Opera-House.
"Binbad" filled the Grand. Opera-house
to the doors lest '.night notwithstanding
the rain, and the bl.g audience gave pro
fuse evidence of its appreciation, of the
many splendid features of the production
by applauding frequently and vigorously^
William Wolff as. the pirate, smuggler and
all-round bad man held the center <jf the
stage most of the time, but after all he
was only an incident. Edith Mason and
her two pickaninnies made the hit. From
a spectacular point of view there was very
little left to wish for. The evolutions of
the band of amazons and the coryphee
dances, with Senorita Matildita as the
central figure, were finely executed, while
the transformation scene at the close of
the performance was brilliant.
Alcazar. •
The second week of "Chimmle Fadden"
opened -with standing room only, and
with one of the most enthusiastic of audi
ences. The play, or rather the sketch, so
abounds in contrasts of light and shade,
with flashes of humor, that i: will not
soon become stale. Marie Howe's Mrs.
Murphy kept tho house bubbling with
merriment. -Davenport and Seabury dir
vided the honors with her. Chimmle
should draw "crowded houses all the week.
California.
.¦ "With Flying Colors," with Its many
thrilling situations and rampant villainy,
played to a large holiday audience last
evening. The Adelphl melodrama 19
splendidly staged and gives the leading
members of the frawley company many
opportunities. It will hold the boards
until Tuesday next, when Plnero's "Prin
cess and the Butterfly" will be produced
on an elaborate scale. . :-\: -\- ,¦ ¦c.
Chutes.
"It wra & damp, wet New ' Tear at the-
Chtite«, but th« entertainment provided
In the theater proved ail .-worth tho while
of the hundreds who braved the elements
to attend. Harry de Lain, a. high bary
tone from New York, proved a vocal sur
prise and won three recalls; Mo'ulton and
Vldella, triple horizontal bar performers,
cave a thrilling- arid agile act; Claude
Thardo, an eccentric story-teller and
singer, kept the house In a roar of laugh
ter for half an hour, and Major Mite sang
"The Georgia Camp Meeting" , in addi
tion to .other numbers. The rest uf the
bill was good. __¦ •
Symphony Concert Series.
The musfcaJ community Is manifesting
great Interest In the forthcoming series
of symphony concerts to bo given under
HOOMS TO LET — Fnra, and rnfarn.
DIED.
Ant'.ch. Martla Ustmann. . Henrr L.
Bcaty. George B. McGrath. Allc* G.
Brownlee. Jess* a McGary. Edward
perhjun. Christopher Meaie. Mabel Anna
Derham, Rev. J. H. Mitchell. Wra. J. m.
Rol^*R 01^*" 1 -. A i m * Muirhead, John B.
Durar.4. J. A. O'Brien (infant)
Fcrrvjgglaro. Annl« : Prader. Peter
Fischer. Louis Qulgley. Geore*
Gilbert. Ilosalle M. Rubel. John
Gilllsan. Cl'-rtetopher Wall, Gen. Joseph G
Haryer. Ella Lillian Wittenbers. Hensanri
Heath. FrarJt P. Whitney. 1). U '
K*ster. Walter B. Woodworth. D. B.
ANTICH— In this city. January 1. 1900. Martin,
infant sea of Martin and Paskva Arrtlch. a,
native of Baa Francisco, axed 5 months and
12 daya.
B |A.TT-Ia th!» city. Dec«jmb«r », UW. Geors*
B. Beaty. & aatlr* of New Yorit, a«ed C 4
years. ¦
E^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig A Cochrea Co., £2-56 Mint avenue. In-
teriaer.t Masonic Cemetery.
BROWNLEE-Ia thi. city, December H, 1599,
Jesse S.. beloved husband of Frances C
Erowclee. ani father cf Paul R.. Jay C. and
LesMe C. BrowrJee, and Luelia Witham and
Mrs. Emma Guest, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 7S years and 4 months. (Boston papers
r-leejfs copy.)
C7 Friends and aoquaint&noes are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:83 o'clock, frora the fun-
eral oarlors of. Porter & White, 123 Eddy
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DERHAM— In this dty. January 1. ISOO. Chris-
topher Deraara. beloved brother of Peter and
Patrick Derham. and ur.c'.e of Terrene* Der^
ham. a native of County Dublin, Ireland,
a«ed £2 ye*rs 2 mooths and 15 day». (Wobum
ard Falmouth, Mass., paper* please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital. ttenc« to St. Jooeph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Ho'.y Cross Cemetery.
DERHAM— A solemn requiem, anniversary mass
at St. Dominie's Church this (Tuesday) morn-
Ing, January 2, tt S o'clock, for the late Rev.
J. H. Derham. O. P.
DORAN— In this city. December SL ISM. Alma,
beloved daughter of James H. and May Do-
ran, a native of San Francisco, axed 7 years.
DURAND— In tbi« city, January l, 1900, J. A.',
beloved husband of -Ciotllde Durand. and
father of Mrs. Francisco de OJeda and Mrs.
W. B Waldroa, a native of Saintes, France,
aged IS years and 11 months.
ICTNoUce cf funeral hereafter.
FERROGCLAEO-Ia this elty. January X. 1900.
Annie, fiearly beloved wife of Natale F«rrog-
Ciaro. axd devoted mother of Little, Louise,
Nathan. Angelo, Gecrte and Fred rerrog--
riaro, Mrs. V. Cuneo and Mrs. A. Devlncenzl,
and grandmother of Err.'.'.c Cuneo, and sister
of Louta, Joseph. Thomas and Antone Gul-
nasso and Mrs. S. Arata, a native of Genoa.
Italy, aged «5 years 19 months and 12 days.
C7Th» funeral wIU take plao« on Thurs-
day. January 4. from her late residence, $18
Union street, thence to Bt. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner cf Dupont and Filbert
6treets, where a Bolernn requiem hlgrh mass
will be celebrated for the re;poee of her scul,
eornmendng at 5 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croea Cemetery.
FISCHER— In tin's elty. December Si 1539,
- Louis Fischer, a native of Germany, ared S2
rears,-
C7FT!ewls ard acquaintances are re«pect-
fuUy ln\-lted to attend the funerai to-tnorrow
(Wednesday I *, at 3 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler's parlors, €36 Waihir.g-ton street. In-
terrcer.t I^turrt Hill Cemetery.
GILBERT— In this city. December tl. 1S». Ro-
salie Marjruer.te, dearly beloved daughter of
Robert J. end Marguerite S. Gilbert (nee
rJoyhey), a native cf San Francisco, aj-ed 2
months and l day. : ¦¦;
C7Tb« will take plaoe this day
TTue»day). at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the carer. ts. :::CA Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery.
GILLIOAN— In Vis'.tacicn Valley. December SO,
IS:-?, Christopher GllMga.n, dearly beloved hus-
band of Susan Giliigaa, beloved father cf
Mrs. H. H. Perm. Mrs. J. H. Boepe. Mrs. R.
C. Rorr.er. Mrs. T. C. Towns and Mary, Susie,
Thorr.es, Edward and Christopher Gllllgan
Jr., end grandfather of Mamie. Jencle and
Chtrlee Gillisar^ a native cf County Meath.
Ireland, aced 75 years and S days.
CTTrier.ds a-fl eequalr.tances are respect-
fally invited t^ attend the funeral thii day
(Tuesday), at 9:JO o'clock, from Ills late resi-
dence. Visltaclon Val'.ey. near San Bruno
road, thence to Et. John's Church (old St.
Mary's Collepe), Mission road, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the retxwe ct his soul, commencing 'at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carrtape.
HARFER-Ia Oak' « ad. January 1. 1900. K!a
Lii'.ian, beloved wife cf James L. Harper, a
nttivi? of Texas. a«*d 25 years.
C7"rv;en*s and acQualntances are resr^ec*-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at X o'clock, at the
family res'ience, 14S0 Twenty-third avenue.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HEATH— In this city. January L I*oo. Frank
. P.. be'.oved brother of Mary Heath, a native
of San Franalsco. t.ged n years 2 months and
t dars.
t-T Remains ct tie rarlors of the Vnlted
Ur.dortakers. 27 aad 85 Flfti^ street. Notloa of
funeral hereafter.
KOSTITR— In this city. January L 1900. Walter
E. Kotter, fifth eon of Mr. and Mrs. Jcha L.
Ko«t?r, a native of Saa Franclscok aged 20
yefLTB ar.d 7 mcstiia,
LISTMAXN— In this city. January 1. 1900.
Henry I>., beloved son of Louis and Emllie
Lletrr.arji, and brother of Emllie. Edward,
Lcu!»e, Erall. Darlie, Louis ana Charles List-
raar.n, ar.d grandson of Emil Hlrslnjrer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, seed 8 years and 10
:::> r.-.r.s. WBi&tm
CTrYrais ar3 acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) , at 2 o'clock, from the residence
cf Ms rarenta, 71SH Clenaentina street, be-
tueei Eighth and Ninth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
WcGARV— In this city, December 3C. ISS3, Ed-
ward McOarj'. belovad husband of Alice Mc-
Gary. and father of Mrs. Samuel Pocrnun,
Mrs. William H. White. Mrs. J. I". Heatings
and Jajres. Charles E. and Edward McGary,
a native of County Derry, Ireland, a^ed 77
years.
CTTrtenis ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tfce funeral this day
• (Tuesday). »t 6:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ICC6 Mission Etreet. thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a solemn requiem high
nia*« will be celebrated for the r»r»o»<e of his
scul. commercing at S:80 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery, by train.
McGRATH— In this dty, December 81. IS?9,
Alice Gertrude, beloved daughter of Joseph E.
ar.d Elizabeth McGralh, a native of San
:. Francisco. »red 20 years 8 tnontha and 23
days. .
: ' ¦ c7FriWv3« and accoAlntari<>es are rei»pect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' «-\Vedr.e«-!iay), at S o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence. 720 Howard ftreet, thence to St, Mary's
' Cathedral, where a r*<jaiem high mass
will b» celebrated fnr the repose of her eoul.
commencinz at 15 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvorj- Cemetery- '. .
UEAD&- In this city, December 21. 1E33. Mabel
Anna Meade. beloved daughter of Anna
Mead" and the late Oeonre W. Meade. a na-
tive of San Francisco, seed li years.
CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at *
o'clock, from the residence of her mother.
2316- Sacraraer.to street.
MITCHELL —In this city. December 30, 183?,
William J. M.. beloved husband of Bessie J.
Mitchell, and father cf Alice Kate Mitchell,
a native of Cornwall. England, aged 47 years
5 month* and 8 dars.
CTFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
?ully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices cf Exrelelor l/>dg:e No.
i6t. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
t<-r>-.
Mt'IRHEAD— Ia this city. December 20. r?53,
John B. Muirhead. dearly beloved husband of
Loulfa M. Muirhead. a native of Hamilton,
Canada, aced 44 years and « months. (Vic-
toria, B. C. and Toronto raper» please copy.)
(^Friends and acQuaintances and members
of tbe Pioneer Rowinc Club are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from Scottish Hall. Larkln etreet,
where services will be held at 1 o'clock.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this cltr. December. 81. 1*99. in-
fant «an of Joseph H. and Agn.es M. O'Brien.
6 native of San Francisco.
PRM>ER— In this city. Jenuary 1. 1900, Peter
I'rader, a native of Fwitzeriand. • ared 67
QL-IGLEY— In thie city. December JO, 1599,
George, beloved husband of the late Bridget
QulKley. and loving father. of John. Mamie.
Hannah and Terera Qulgley. a native of tha
parish of Oonmany, County Donegal, Ire-
land. a*»d C 3 years.
CTFriends and a<^ruaintanc»9 are r*»pect-
invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Eli 'Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a re«juieoi hiirh man will be
clfirated for the reroi-e of his eoul at 9
o'clock. Irrtermer.t Mount .Calvary. Cemetery.
RfßEly-In this city. January 3L . IS?3, John
Rut>»l, a native of Germany, agrcj 52 years.
cf7"Rerr:a!nB at tie parlors of J. C O Connor
& Co., *67 llleslon. street. •
WALb-In Alameda. December SO. 1839. Gen-
eral Joseph G. Wall, a native of Dublin, a*ed
71 years. k
t^XTrlenis and ac<Tnalntane«« are respect-
fully Invited to attend t&e funeral th'.r day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from hit late resi-
dence. IS2* • Fanta Clara avenue, under th«
auspices of Otk Grove Lodge -No. ns. F. and
A. M- Interment Mountain Vie* Cemetery.
Osklan*. . •
WHITXET— In Xew York City, January L 1900,
D. L. Whitney, forraeriy of Downievllle, Cal.,
' cf»/i T3 years.
WITTENBERG— Ia th'.s dty. January L 1900.
Hermann Wittenbers. a native- of Germany,
aie<s 33 years. : ¦
WOODWORTH— In Dlmond. Frultvale. , Ala-
meda County. January 1. 19(X>, Douglas Ben-
jamine Woodworth, Q. C. and ex-M. P.. a na-
tive of earning. Klncs Cr.-jr.tv. Nova Scotia.
«^ed 1% years and 7 months.
Sun rises...... .•..«....•..¦....; 7:2*
Sun sets .'.....•. :,.'.: S:O2
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
~:f .k fTT**i ~ rtrf rtlfsTtt** Hscllsh Pennyroral Pills
«r« the bett: safe, reliable} taite no otner;
>«r.d «? nair.rs ior particulars. "Re-llsf for
-•¦¦LaCies." In Inter tr return call; at druj-
'rgtiffrl Ohicr.ester Chemical Co.. Philadel. Pa,
NOT&— In the above, exposition of the tides
the early mornlne tides are given |n the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
tla-y in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives - the second tlda of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and - the laat or right hand column give* the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Klven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus *\gn < — ) precedes the height,
and then the number Klven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED. ..;.'. ¦;¦¦
- •' :¦ itonday, JaJinarr I.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlaon. Ji .hours froca Sin
Pedra •.
Etmr Sequoia, Thwlnx. (7 hours from, Port
Los Aoseles. . ¦
Stmjr -.Coos Bay. Otelow, n hoars from New
port (S->.
Schr W. S. Phefj«, Garthley, 16H fi*y» trotn
Tecaujia. . ¦ . :'.: '.- '-•
SAILED. •.
Monday, January 1.
Ptrr.r Santa Roca. Alexander. San Trlexo.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Cocm Bay.
Stmr National City. Dertmers. Grays Harbor.
Etmr Newsboy, Fo«en. .
Stmr Cleveland. KUtg-aard. Kalrultil.
Stmr Queea Jepsen, Victoria and Port Towns
end. . • . ¦
Bark Northern L!jht, Challestoa. Honotalu.
¦ Sckr W. F. Je-wett. Johnaon. Columbia Rlrer.
Echr J. B. Leeds, Nielsen. Santa. Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .. . " •;
.FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jaa I— Stmr Noyoi,
hence Dec 3L . •
PORT TO"W.-NSEND— Arrived Jaa I— Scar Ma
nila, bence Dec 24. .
PORT LOS ANGBLES-^Sallad Jaa l-6tmr
Mlrieola, for Nanaimo.
EEATTLE— Arrived Jan I— Stmr Miami, hanca
Dec ».
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jaa 1-Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco. ¦ • ¦
COOS BAT— Sailed. Deo Sl— Scnr Ivy. for Fan
Francisco: itmr AUc« Blanchard, for Sau Fraa
clsco: Echr Volunteer, for Saa Franclico; ttmr-
Ernrlr*. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan I— Stmr Hosier, for
San Francisco; Br bark Principality, for
Queenstown. ¦ . ¦ •• -" ¦ ¦ '.
FOREIGN PORTS. : ¦ .
MANlltA— Sailed D*o SO— Stmr P»ansy!Taala,
for Portland, Or. . .
MOVlLLE— Arrived Jan I— Stmr MoaUacl*.
from St. John N. 8.. via Halifax, far Liver
pool. •
MANlLA— Arrived Deo Sl— Russian f.mr Dml
ny ; \Tadlvoßtok. hence Nov SO.
NANAlMO— Arrived Dec »— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles. Sailed Deo 10 for Port
Lo« Armies. ..'¦'..-
MANILA— Sailed Deo SI— U S rtmr Thoraaa,
for Pan Francisco, v!a Nazasakl. -• ¦
. NEWCASTLE (AustrallsO— Arrived De« H—
Ship SI. P. Grace, from IVlagoa Bay. ¦ ¦
, V :. ; , TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan. I—lo jk m.— "W«itli«r,
thick, wind, southeast: velocity, U miles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed Jaa I— Stmr Manjuetta. for
New Tork^ j- . .
AUCTION SALES
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
MUST BE SOLD.
AUCTION SALE
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE VAif
. . SES3EOARDISO STABLE. .. •.>: .
510 VAN NESS AYE.
¦ ¦ JAMES THOMTSON*. Prcprletor.
' Comprising well broken busiaess. road and
track horses: also buggies, carts and coupes,
robes, harness, whips and a fin* assortment of
' racing boots, etc. : -. .
• To be sold on pr«ir;i!>e» at 11 a. m.
THIS DAY.
TUESDW. JAVUARV' 2. 1900.
CHASS & MCNDENHALL,
1733 . Marki't >t. : Livcsti^k Aa?tiT.eer*.
SAELBOAD TRAVEL. ;
3 DAYS
Chicago, Union Pacific
;.:; ... and...
Northwestern Line
S»ery Day la tht Ttar tnm Saa Traasisea
AT 8:30 AM.
BiAt, SaaH&f tai Libriry Cvt, vith
: ' s»ri«r. . :
-.; D«abl* DriTiaj-rooa Blat^ag Can.
Waiaj Car*— mstls » li Mrte. - '
: Brsakrut la Otatr *a Lemriag Oaklaac PUr. '-.
DaCy Tarsua Ttorist Car to Chisacs Tl&nt
CJiaip»t«:3o P. K.
H» It. KIT CM lE,
9 Si* Kiatoaarj St. Ota- Igt. Tttiii C»ut.
fala-Hstol. JAKnUSHIiCO.
¦svthkrm PAvrrgo co»rAjrr. : ¦
- -¦¦': ; (y*CIIIO STCTXX.)
Trataa l«»v« iinii are due I* arrive •»
NAN »'lt.%.\«'lS('<».
(Main Lire, root of Market Street )
vats — From Dxcxxbes li 13:3. — *anrr»
•TjOOa Ber.lcU, Sulsno. Ehnira, TacavKlab
Baicsey&ad Sacraisento. . . ' # 7:13t
•7:00 a BlubU Exprrss-DaTl* WOowa,
Eel EJuflT Pcrtlacd «7i43»
•« :30a Mirtinez, aannatnon, VaUcjo. Xapa>
Calatcca ami Man ta Rr.sa. •a<t»s>
••:20a TheO»erlan'lUnnit«d— Osden. Dao-
T«r. Omaha. Chleajp *3il3*
•Biß*a S»u J,.3v. L:i< rv..ie. .Stockton.
: - . love. Sacra mento, fUc r»:J«, -. ' '¦
Murjsrr.le, Chico. UsilUluff «4il3p
•Hi3oa •Miifon.Oaltaaloaad Hoaara »4:13p
•O:«»O* Hayirartlj. Ni!esan<l Way Stations. *ll:13*
•»rt>»A DaT-j. Woodlard. Kniihu Tj-fe t
M&r7s»!l!e, «>totUl» *T:t3p
• «Ii«Oa Atlas::: Kipresa— Ogden and Eass *«>43a
V>:O»a Miri:uez. Traey. LaUitok Stockton.
Mncraand lie-*).... *>Sil3p
•9:OOa Pert Costa, lre3DO, Alojare and J-os .-¦ '¦
AugeJis. •«:«*
•I0:0Oa Xtihio. Slartbe* and Way SUUoat # 6:1.1f
•1 1:004 H..jirir !\ NUes at. \ Way Stations. *2:13w
•I2:00x .Nilcs. Lircinsore. i-'.v-i: n. Sacra- '¦' ¦':» -
ni"r.ti. Mer.dctak, IlaafsrU. Viaalla,
I'CTtertUle , ?I.I3»
tl:OOp Bacran>rntol:lTer.Stenmera t^:COp
•3:OOp HayTrards, JJUes ac-a Vttj Stations. •5:43r
*4iOOr lluticer, Ban Itamon, VflJlejo^ ' ¦
Na; a. iVUtnga. Ba>ita noes *Qit 3a ¦
MiMr Bealcla, VacaTiUe, Baeram«nto, !..
Woc^tlaru!. Knights Ljuwlicc
Mirystii:?. OtotI!!<«... •ro:IT t
•4i3»rNUes. Ban Jesean«l Stockton «7515»
•»:OOt Tb- Owl Lhsited— Trary. Fresno. -. ..
B£ker?ae'>l. r;::,':j fcr .- icti lUr-
bara, I>cs Asselc? ¦1«:43a
«3:0«r Stirsrt Lis::te<l— El Paso, New Or-
Uassasd Exrt «IO;I1\
•3:30? Stockton, Jlerccil. Tresuo *12:15y
¦3:20r Fresno. UakeisiJeM, fcanU nat»>«ra,
Los Acgolcs. Ivmiai El P^ao,
New Orleaca and East *83<3a
•3i3»r Hanta Fo Itou'e— Atlauilo Express
for MojxTo nnd East *0:4.1p
•6i«of naywarUs, Ni)esandK*q Jcso # 7;-|.»\
t«:3op Vailed *ISil3r
•«:3Or Orisr.ul Mail— Os-Jenacd Ea«t »fc. 'Or
}7:00p Vallcjo.- Pert CoaU and Way fcta-
tiocs. JO>33r
- »»iO3p Oregon and California Kxi're«».st«o-
i»:i:en' i llatjatil^o. I" • i '¦'. ¦¦?.
rirrtlnn.l. riig>t teM,.l ni.Q Hint •^.|»a
COAST Division OMxnv tknajL
(FootcfM.irkctStreei.)
•S: »3 A Newark. Ont^rtiile.. I : an .lose. l>!ton,
BoniUer Creek, S^DtaCri^an<! V.'a;
BtaUocs *3iS*y
{S:l3r Newark, CeotrrrliJe. Ban .!;<•. Xew
AlmadeD, f'elton. i: ¦-.-; ',?r Creek.
f.r.*» i'n:x and Prise!?*! Way
6tat-'ocB *l»:n*»»
•¦lil3p JTe^arV, Saa Jose, tr« Gatoi *»:20a
6II:I3p Unntcr*' l'l-.ri.. ;».-. Jcse and
WayStatl..-.^ {7:aoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnaSlS F.t;r.;: ; ;'-.'..-. c' ICarkit Strut (S!i> S)—
•7:13 COO 11.00 a.*. \I:ZZ «2:53 t3:»
•t:C3 |3:C3 •GrCar.M.
ff«»CilHJ3— feU«fßfjai»«T.— "B:Co 8:00 »K»i,».
tKtS ' # I:C3 t3:S3 "3=:3 ti.CJ
¦¦¦ ¦'¦ COAST DITISKK* (CroadUaose).
.' '¦ (Third and Townwetwl Sta)
t«:JOv Ocean Vlotr, South tUn liacciaco.. t«:8»p
*7:0Oa Rtn .Trv> a:nl Vi'af St3tU;ns v Nc»
¦ ¦ A I made j \Wlne«dj!i3rs«ily).....v.. *U9or
•SiOOa Man Jn«e, - Tiea I'iiKa,' Huuta Crnz, '•
. - • . P-aciiic (IroTe. i'aso ltobles. Sau ?¦ .-
\r ¦[¦;• l.«is Glii»ix\ 6nrf. Loirpoo aaul "• -
l*rincf'pal . Way f<tathnis •••ilO*
•l«>ll»< f-*n J. a-j rt) ' W»y r5Utimu. ......... •ll:i. - i\
•lli3Oa Baa Jt*o «ikJ Way .Stations ,« # 3»3o»
t»:43rSa:t Uate<iisl«ood, Meclo Park. :¦ -.
."';¦;• Palo Alto; Santa Clara, San .lc«e, :' -'v.i,
. • '. Tres Pino). Bactii .Cm*. Sa^iaas,
Z'c.'.i-tvy »i"l l'acrn© Gr0re...... tl<V3flk
*3i3«r San Jose ami Way Stations ..:'...:.' # 7:3o»
' ft:i3r SanJowai»<ir*rinci?sJ Way Sutlers »9:J-'J\ •
?3:OOp-S»n Jose and Principal-Way Sta«oc» t»:O'»A
*.l:3Or San Jcsa anj Piiocipal:AVay Station* **:3.">a .
•a.:aor6aa Jcsa ami « r ajSratiocs..> .; t«:O»»A
»1I:I5f Stt» Jcs- an»l-\ray g.»*tloca..-.. ....'.' *7i3of •
- A for Monmvg, . . . ¦ y tax At teriwoxx. ¦
¦•Daily. J SuiMi*y ezce-ptecl. ¦ ! mi-cUt to'T-
b .- i ; ur d. . S m'j. ' '.'.i
aiuesd»T» and Fridays... c Thorsdays acd Stmdays.
CILIFOfiNIA KOHTaVESTEBN ST. CO.
• ' ' L2SSEE
Ul FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. : RAILWAY CO.YIPAWY.
Tiboroa Perry. Foot of Market St.
¦¦ .SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN' RAJVAEL.
WEEK DATB-;*). »:CO. ll:C0 a.- ra.; 13:JS.
1. 19, 1:10. C.Jo. p. ra. Thsrsda?*— Extra trl?
¦ at 'll:3o p. si. Saturdays— Eatr* trs^# at 1.-J
aad 11: M p. ra. . . ; •• .
SUKDATS— !:CO. t:80. ll:«0 a. m.; J3», J:M.
1:00. «:J0 am.. ¦
SAN BAFAELTO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT3— 4:IO. 7:M. »:», 11:10 a. us..' 1S:«S.
. . »:*), 5:10 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:;i and S%i r- m.
BITSV ATS— I:IO. 9:40^ 11:18 a, ra. : i:4C, 1:40, 5:«3,
•:E o. m. •¦-. ••" . -,-;. ¦
Between Saa Frar.dsco and Scauitxen- Par*
same schedule as -above. ¦ ¦ " . ..
- Leave . : Arrive
Pan Francisco. :In Effect San Franclsoo.
i October 15, ¦
Week San- U39. Bua- Weeit .
Days. days. Dejrtlnatlon days. Daya.
*:V> am S:N in N'ovatO, 10,40 ara l:40-sra
S:Jopm »:S0 ara P^taluma. 41:05 pm 10:11 ara
1:10 pm S:CO pm Santa Kosa. T.iijn. t:S2 jm
Fuitsn.' ¦¦•¦ "7"
T:K> ara Wlijdaor.- • 10:15 *~a
.-. . . ¦ HeaMsbutx, • ... ; ' ' - ;
• ' Lytton. ¦ . • :
Gej-servllJe.
X-JO prn 8:00 am CloTerdale. T:S3 pm CrC sra
iJOtm •'. •• • HofJand and :
t:oOara = ; Vklah. T.S3 pia. •:» pra
7:SO ara .: • j .. .' '. ¦ n»:S aia
8:00 ara! Gueraerille. T:33 era ¦ :
BjMpra _1" ' . . i «:!2 pra
T:SO am S!0O arr. ' ' •' . E - ~.c— a 13:40 am S:4O ara
I ' and . :"¦;. |
1:10 pra 5:00 pm. Gl^n Ellea. . <:«3 pra| t:8 pra> -
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 10:40 ara ¦ 10": 23 ara
¦ X:i3 pmj i-.nq pmj- . . . - 7:X praj t:t2 pta
Etases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«M
E[,r^js and -Wlilte Sulphur Springs;- at Lyttoa
t or . Lytton Spring! -a; QeyserTllle for Slca^ss
Ppnnga: at Cldv'erdale for tiie Oeysers: at Hop«
land for- Duncar. ' Springs. -Highland Springs.
K<?lseyvllJe, Carlsbad' Springs. So4a Bay, Lake-
rort and Bartlett Sprints: at t'klah fpr Vichy
. jsrlngs. • Paratoyi-.^prlr.gs, Blue Lakes. Laurei
Dell Laka. Witter Sp^r.fcs. Upp»r Lake. Pon"o.
Potter Valley. John Da-V'i». RjveruJde. Liar!#7'si-'.
BuCWnell's. Banlwlrln. Helffutn. Hunvllle. OrT"*
Hot Sprirtirs.. 1 Meri'loclho City. Fort "Era*:?.
Westport* Vfal. Wlllitts. LaytonvtUn. Cum«
. miae s. -Bell's' Springs, Harris. Olaen'a. Dyer,
Bcctia. andEureta. . • .'• . •
Saturday to Mcr.^av rtfund trip tickets at re-
duced rates. " • . • .• " ¦
¦ On tnr.hr rcand friir tickets to .all pcints
beyond San Rafael at half .rate*. ¦ ';.'
Ticket Offlc««. 6^ Market St.. Chrtsnic> bid*.
H. C. WHITING. .- R. X. RTAN.
• General Maaaser. . Gea. Paia: Asent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS iCENrj .RAILWA-r
lrf»»« Smn ranrtsco via Sausajita jrerry.
- W«e* r>mjfa— »:3o a. •m. and 1:45 p. ox. ¦
. Eundays.. B:oo. 10:00 a. m. and 1:13 p. a*.
6t«am-he«t»d. closed car oa aU trains. "'
' - Far*..gaa Trudsco to flutnmit tza lutara.
.CFTICE o? lhe Hlberala Savings and Loan Eo-
. • c'.eiy. ccr. . Market. McAllister ted Jones sts..
. ' £a- FraSc'leco, ;>-. il. IK'S.— At a r«ra»ar
¦¦• rce*.tlr* cf.the Board of Directors cf this so-
.Oty heJ? THIS DAT a dividend has been
"-..'• "Ctciared" at tte rate cf three and cce -Quarter
' • <IVD per cent: per assum en all deposits Tor
. ..the alx'iricnths ending December tl. IS3*. free
: -lr!Kn ill taxes' and- payat'e en and a^ter Jaa-
. us-ry- % WS>.. -ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
9
i- '¦ ¦ K5. .New Moon,
Su. Mo Tu. We Tn. Fr. Sa. W Jan-nary 1. ¦
1 1 » T~i I 7-m First Quarter^
L _L — -^- — — -P Janu&nr 8.
T 8 .9 10 II- 12 M Full Moon,
i ; -— -r~ K£) January 15.
H 15 16 17 19 19 JO. — i
I *t- Last Qusrtor,
II 12 23 24 25 28 27 'tf-- January 23.
IT "»" 10 81 © NeW Moon,
Steamer. I ¦ ' .From. I Due.
Steamer.
From
Alliance Oregon Ports Jan* 2
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 2
Matteawan Tacom.a •¦ iJan. 2
Albion .' Tlllamopk (Jan. 2
Ciarina ..'. iSeattle.' >Jan. 3
Crescent City... Crescen* City...:...:. Jan. 2
Aberdeen (Portland Jan. 2
Mackinaw JSeattle iJan. i
Bristol [Departure Bay Jan. 2
Empire ..'. Coos Bay.'., jJan. 2
A: Blanchard..MCoos Bay ...IJarr. 2
CoQUille K'ver;. Grays Harbor ; |Jan. 2
Australia Honolulu Jan. 2
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan. 2
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 2
South Portlni>d.iD<»parture Bay Jan. 2
Newbur* (drays Harbor.. Jan. 2
O. V>\ Elder.... Portland.. Jan. 2
Corona ..;. San Plego Jan. S
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. ?.
Algoa. ..China and Japan Jan. J
Jeanie Seattle '.T. Jan. 3
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 4
Wasntonaw Tacoma Jan. i
Homer Portland — Jan. 4
Columbia Portland Jan. S
Bonjta. Newport Jan. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 6
Hongkong Maru China and Japan .Tan. 6
Santa Roea San Dlepo Jan. T
Samoa Humboldt ;..' Jan. 7
San Juan... Panama Jan. 7
Umatilia Victoria *¦ Puiret SonndlJan. 7
Steamer. I Destination. I SalU. 1 Pier.
Sails
Pier
Samoa JHumboldt." Jan..!. lOamlPler !3
A. Blanch' <J Coos Bay Jan. J. 6pm Pier 13
Cocb i)»y... Newport Jan. 3. 9am Pier 11
Alohs Crescent City. Jan. ». S inn Pier 2
State of Cal Portland...... Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 14
Aberdeen ..Portland : Jan: 4, Zpm«
Orizaba .... Humboldt Jan. 4, . 2 pm|P!»r 9
Corona ..... San Diego..... Jan. 5. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Htfmbdldt Jan. 5, %am Pier •
Coqullle RvjGrays Harbor Jan. 6 ;
Newburg .. Gnu's Harbor Jan. 6. .-.
Homer Portland Jan. 5.- 10 aip!Pler ti
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt..... Jan. 5. 4 rmjPlerlS
Qaellc Ch!sa& Japan Jan. J. 1 pmiPMoS
Walla Wall Vie & Pst ?d.->Jan. .fi % 19 amlPler 9
ft. Arena.. Pcint Arena.. Jan. 6. . J pmjPler 2
Honita ..... Newport.. 'Jan. 7. »am Pier 11
Curacao.... Mexico ]Jan. 7, 10am|Pp>rll
Columbia ..Portland.... ..'Jan. 8. lOamlP^rli
Acapulco ..tPanama !Jan. ?. IS mjPMSS
Pomr.na ISan DleKer.....|Jan. 9. 11 am! Pier 11
C- {Time! -iTlme ITlniei ITimei
iU — n. n, !- rt. — Ft,
t ... 0:45 4.9 6:22 2.» i 11:15 «.O t «:'».-«.9
«¦.:. 1:23 5.0 «^l6 2.8 12:10 5.W «:5O!— O.«
4 ... 2:01 5.2 T:IJ 2.« i 1:07 ¦ 5.< l T:»;— O.I
5 ... 2:*O 5.4 ' 8:15 2.2 2:11 5.0' 3:13 :4
« ... 3:20 6.« 9:21 I.S a^l 4.51 »:W 1.1
7 ... 4:* 5.6 10:K 1.6 4:4^ l.t 19:00, I.T
£ ... 4:51| 6.7 U:4O l.lr 6:05 3.31 ll:0»- t.J
i- '¦ ¦ K5. .New Moon,
Su. Mo Tu. We Tn. Fr. Sa. W Jan-nary 1. ¦
1 1 » T~i I 7-m First Quarter^
L _L — -^- — — -P Janu&nr 8.
T 8 .9 10 II- 12 M Full Moon,
i ; -— -r~ K£) January 15.
H 15 16 17 19 19 JO. — i
I *t- Last Qusrtor,
II 12 23 24 25 28 27 'tf-- January 23.
IT "»" 10 81 © NeW Moon,
Steamer. I ¦ ' .From. I Due.
Steamer.
From
Alliance Oregon Ports Jan* 2
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 2
Matteawan Tacom.a •¦ iJan. 2
Albion .' Tlllamopk (Jan. 2
Ciarina ..'. iSeattle.' >Jan. 3
Crescent City... Crescen* City...:...:. Jan. 2
Aberdeen (Portland Jan. 2
Mackinaw JSeattle iJan. i
Bristol [Departure Bay Jan. 2
Empire ..'. Coos Bay.'., jJan. 2
A: Blanchard..MCoos Bay ...IJarr. 2
CoQUille K'ver;. Grays Harbor ; |Jan. 2
Australia Honolulu Jan. 2
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan. 2
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 2
South Portlni>d.iD<»parture Bay Jan. 2
Newbur* (drays Harbor.. Jan. 2
O. V>\ Elder.... Portland.. Jan. 2
Corona ..;. San Plego Jan. S
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. ?.
Algoa. ..China and Japan Jan. J
Jeanie Seattle '.T. Jan. 3
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 4
Wasntonaw Tacoma Jan. i
Homer Portland — Jan. 4
Columbia Portland Jan. S
Bonjta. Newport Jan. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 6
Hongkong Maru China and Japan .Tan. 6
Santa Roea San Dlepo Jan. T
Samoa Humboldt ;..' Jan. 7
San Juan... Panama Jan. 7
Umatilia Victoria *¦ Puiret SonndlJan. 7
C- {Time! -iTlme ITlniei ITimei
iU — n. n, !- rt. — Ft,
t ... 0:45 4.9 6:22 2.» i 11:15 «.O t «:'».-«.9
«¦.:. 1:23 5.0 «^l6 2.8 12:10 5.W «:5O!— O.«
4 ... 2:01 5.2 T:IJ 2.« i 1:07 ¦ 5.< l T:»;— O.I
5 ... 2:*O 5.4 ' 8:15 2.2 2:11 5.0' 3:13 :4
« ... 3:20 6.« 9:21 I.S a^l 4.51 »:W 1.1
7 ... 4:* 5.6 10:K 1.6 4:4^ l.t 19:00, I.T
£ ... 4:51| 6.7 U:4O l.lr 6:05 3.31 ll:0»- t.J
Steamer. I Destination. I SalU. 1 Pier.
Sails
Pier
Samoa JHumboldt." Jan..!. lOamlPler !3
A. Blanch' <J Coos Bay Jan. J. 6pm Pier 13
Cocb i)»y... Newport Jan. 3. 9am Pier 11
Alohs Crescent City. Jan. ». S inn Pier 2
State of Cal Portland...... Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 14
Aberdeen ..Portland : Jan: 4, Zpm«
Orizaba .... Humboldt Jan. 4, . 2 pm|P!»r 9
Corona ..... San Diego..... Jan. 5. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Htfmbdldt Jan. 5, %am Pier •
Coqullle RvjGrays Harbor Jan. 6 ;
Newburg .. Gnu's Harbor Jan. 6. .-.
Homer Portland Jan. 5.- 10 aip!Pler ti
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt..... Jan. 5. 4 rmjPlerlS
Qaellc Ch!sa& Japan Jan. J. 1 pmiPMoS
Walla Wall Vie & Pst ?d.->Jan. .fi % 19 amlPler 9
ft. Arena.. Pcint Arena.. Jan. 6. . J pmjPler 2
Honita ..... Newport.. 'Jan. 7. »am Pier 11
Curacao.... Mexico ]Jan. 7, 10am|Pp>rll
Columbia ..Portland.... ..'Jan. 8. lOamlP^rli
Acapulco ..tPanama !Jan. ?. IS mjPMSS
Pomr.na ISan DleKer.....|Jan. 9. 11 am! Pier 11Dr. FarkPfs Oough Cure. One dose will stop
a. oouarb. .Never tall*. . Try It." All 4rucslsta.
Some of the Feelings That Came With the New Century.
Cf ¦ f? <7 OW! Such a headache!
v H II Well! How do they feel the ne^t day? O!
\Jf\JI It Is awful! And the mention ot — well, that
:Vj xl ¦ ' 9 the unklndest cut of all! It reminds one of
•water, 'and -what a number, of thorn wished.
when they awakened In 19<)0, that they had' stayed with
the harmless but soothing drink. After the din of! the
inh&rroonlpus horn and-the exhilarating dreams, resultant
from a promenade along the line -vrtth.' the good fellows,
came the awakening! ;
Who can say that It was hot terrible? Who can argue,
after scanning the register at the City Prisfcn or the big
book at the Receiving. Hospital, whether • this is the
twentieth century- or the wlndup of some other old cen
tury?
What a headache!
The cool rain came as a' 1976100016 solace to the suf
fering. The Icy drops from heaven cooled more than one
fevered brow, but something more waa needed to make a
new year happy for those . who ¦ celebrated for all that
th « r « in it. Those parched tongues needed some at
tention. And the throats that were dry required some
xnolatenlng, whether they deserved It or not. s"or several
Tax Collector Sheehan Hands Himself a
Few Tokens d Esteem— Job; Chasers ;
Are on the Anxious Seat .. . :
GOLDBESO. BOWEM * COS BPKCIAL &ITXS3 SALS
BOtDBERg
;;Here% to good livhig h\ *bo
Biiy here anci live •; • •
'^u^day.iW.edne^iilikyiTborsdißy'.
.;. : ArrinJoHr'a Star and. Ferr&. '•-.. ¦ V '¦ ••
. ''. !reg^y jfs<'ip- ib sack ]';•*.<:'¦;. ;. : : '- '¦..."'. \
Maple S^^p^^oz«n<rtbot : 35C.
:; re^ly 45c and 75c ''¦} |d .tfcii .6sc .
. what a breakfast-r-PennsybranlaL y C
• .. " . bu'clitwhcatv.. cakes; and .yerinocf .;..¦.'
• :: :: maple syrup ,j-:x. ¦¦",;•,¦*'" ¦ : . : '--. ¦¦'":¦
(Canned ffuitsr^ibtia tins 250
. :.:re^ly toe tin. .:;'; ;» ':..';.":. ?;'.¦ ;
;Corn : and succotash- ; 12JC
'"!: reg'ly 15c tin— *Sea\Foaak": ;,:./ ":
-•;• our best^-the best : ; .; ( ¦ :,, ':iy'}j- ;
•Macaroni— La.Fitvorital^ I2jc
: tod spaghetti— reg'ly 15c Ib. ".- "- : - .-
C6cktails-^n»P«^: J" 90c
: reg'ty Si 25 bottle— six Wnds
:: aged lo glass— always ready
Ginger ale— reg'ly $1 50 doz $1 35
, Cochrane <fc Co Belfast ':•-. '¦' -' : -
AlmondS— Jordan
'-" reg'ly 50c Ib 'H •¦' :¦ . .; : ';¦¦¦ .
. recipes for salting free for the asking
WalnutS— reg'ly 15c lb 2 lbs 25C
Gi nger— Oosae a siackuxa 25c
¦ regly 35c pot— preserved
Mince meat-^«mor« 55c
.. reg'ly 70c slb pail
Jelly— currant XSC
reg'ly 20c glass— pure frott """~
Fancycoloredpicturedusters
: reg'ly 25c 35c 40c 50c
¦ '•;¦ special 20c 25c 30c 40c
: Artistic waste basket
. .reg'ly 40c 60c 80c
. special 30c 50c 60c
Perfumery-aii odors $7>£c
reg'ly soc bottle — Violets (vee-o-lay)
Cigars
Just unpacked lot of fresh
• ? Intimldads
We have a complete stock of the fina
. Havana brands now
Big— illustrated catalogue free
send postal
V- Mail orders executed by experienced
grocery men -
«3* Pine 83a Sutler ,300 Caßfornla San Prandsco
Wl Civ tetweea Eleyeati tz\ Xw«^tXCUJiU**
ordering a bottle of beer, refused to pay
for it. An attempt was made to eject
him, when Byrne drew a rusty razor and
cut two waiters named William Kirk and
Charles Williams, the former In the left
leg and the latter In the right thigh.
Byrne was arrested and charged with an
assault with a deadly weapon.
ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE.
Daniel Collins, aged 70 years, attempted
to commit suicide by slashing himself
with a razor in a. lodging house at 6 Mont
gomery place yesterday about noon. The
unfortunate man Inflicted severe wounds
and may die. Despondency and a long
lingering disease which prevented him
from earning a livelihood were the causes
of his act.
Collins has been suffering with palsy for
a number of years. He formerly was a
miner in Virginia City, Nevada, and re
cently rented a room in a lodging house
she got on dry wraps she declared ehe did
not want to die."
desires adjournment. Bena.tor» and As
semblymen are opposed to the ¦urrender
of legislative functions to the executive
department of the State government and
may insist that all reference to adjourn
ment shall be excluded from the pledge.
There Is talk of presenting to the Gov
ernor a petition or memorial signed by
the Republican members asking: that an,
extra session be convened. In this peti
tion the open character of the caucus
will be defined, The petition wtll em
brace an agreement that the Legisla
ture will adjourn as soon as the Important
business of the session Is transacted.
Siasbed With a Razor.
12flw«r4. Byrne, a laborer, went lntc* the
.Olympic beer tail on Kearnr »tro*t. near
C«lXan4«, esxlT tljta Esoralcc, and after
Murderer Identified.
: John H. nar.nan; the .""dope fiend." who is
: *ran,i:e<T--in Greensburg, Pa., for jnurderlng
his gambling partner, John Craig, last
May. V has literally "thrown up the
vabagn.'i He had been denying that he is
th* rr.ari waited, and habeas corpus pro
ceedings are pending In Judge Cook's
court for his release. Yesterday morning
Sheriff. Harris of Johnstown. Pa., and De
tective T. A. McQuade of Pittsbure ar
rived in: this city and drove to the Clty
JF'rison. "Hanrian was at once Identified by
Eherift Harris, who. has known him elnce
he was- a boy. and he dlfl not deny his
ja«mtitj.v Jie w^ll be taken back as soon as
the t^tradltfoii papers arrive.
people New Tear's "day was not as happy as- New Tear^B
eve. It. was so different! . .. • ¦ . ¦.
Careless of the future and- regardless of what the day
would bring, the rounders and the shouters and the horn
too'ters.did not figure on the morning.- And when it came
—there is that well •'agaln-*they wero. not in a fit condi
tion, to do any calculating. " . . .' ' . '
With the. awajtening;- w(th a full realization of the
conditions, that had-pro'duced that-awful f eeltng- and with
a knowledge of what might stave It off ln'.-the. future,
came the dawn of the new century hand in hand with
the good resolutions. '. ' . . - :
And- they blush! •• ¦
Resolutions made, for the day and the -Occasion, . And
what for the morrow? Just wait for the end of 1900.
Then It will 'be' done all over again! :
Everything seemed: funny yesterday to the man who
had not celebrated. The poor • fellow with that" awful
feeling, the man with that look of repentance and the
Individual who gave every evidence that he wished that
•he hadn t, were objects to excite the comment and stir
the merriment In the souls of those who had 'atayed at
home and-had not" baptized the new - year in the style
that will pass down into. history. ¦'¦' ;
Let it go at,that! • •: _
Now, will you be good? ' ' • '
: Trunks, valises and pocketbooka are
epfeci&ltiM, " All leather goods lettered in
j?o4d ¦ free of charge when bou« ht from
Bajiborn. Vail & Co. : •.*••/ •
CAUSE OF DELAY IN
EXTRA SESSION PLANS
SECRET CAUCUS SCHEME NOT
TO BE TOLERATED^ . •;. \
Republican Members Are Not Ready
; to Taio Adjounuitent Orders •'•{ "..'
From the, Executive.' .
* Politicians are so. well convinced that
Governor Gage will. convene an extra ses
sion *of the Legislature that they : are
making preparations for a sojourn In.
Sacramento. The promoters of the pro
posed harbor ¦ legislation are so sure . of
the. extra session that- they are seeking in
terviews, with Democratic Senators and
Assemblymen with a '-view of preventing
opposition to -contemplated bills. It :Is
sa3d that' the Governor's- proclamation will.
embrace several subjects, hence an. Im
pression exists that the • members will
tarry at Sacramento for a longer period
than two 'weeKs. " • ¦ •¦ ¦' .
It is said that the Governor : desires
positive assurance that the members
shall agree to settle the Senatorial prob
lem in caucus before he Issues the
proclamation. . The fifty-five Republican
legislators who- could not be coerced or
persuaded to enter the Burns corral last
winter are" not averse to an open caucus
of .all. the Republican members, but they
will never consent to- -a secret caucus
Several followers of Burns are also op
posed to secret ballot. .
it Is extremely doubtful, furthermore.
If sixty-one Republican members of the-
Legislature • can be persuaded to sign a
pledge to adjourn when t'aa Governor
PROMISING CAREER
CUT SHORT BY DEATH
I XTaJter E. Koster, 6on of John L. Kos
ter. preslderit of the CaJlfornia Barrel
Company, pasee<i away at his father's res
idence. C'2s Grove etrfeet. yesterday after
r.oon. He had been 111 for seven weeks
with typhoid fever and Although Dr.
iJaum at the German Hospital and Dr.
£. G. Frisbt-e <lld everjihlng In their
power. to prolong h!s life, h« succumbed
to the dread malady.
At the time of his demise young Koster
was rearing hi» 'twenty-first birthday. He
was employed In a clerical capacity In
the Eank of British Columbia when his
proTcinrig career was curtailed by death.
His dealh has be»n a sa/1 blow to his
family and numerous friends. He was a
student at the University of California
in "27 and ranked high In his class. He
wa« also well known in athletic circles.
havJrtK acted as substitute on the Varsity
eleven. ; He had a magnificent physique.
bcir.fs Over six feet tall and weighing IHO
pooh<is. He left college In '97 to try his
fortunes in the Klondike regions and while
in tha-t cg-ur.try he -contracted germs that
JatPr it-d to Ws death. On his return from
¦ Alaska he entered the Bank of British
Columbia and had been with that institu
tion for over a year. . . :
One. of; his brothers le Colonel John A.
KoFter. who vent to Manila as adjutant
•to the mJijolr in command of the California
• Heavy Artillery.
Up to Date.
Z!ske.nd'« iw -up-to-date in • every r«j*ect. haa
the bes-i «f service, wines, viands, etc., making
it the £ raw rila.7^ cf the century Tor a nice
';*"> lunrh »r dinner. ¦ ' -•*'*
THE professional . Job chasers- are
hot just "as happy as. th-ey might.
be. The annpuncement • of MayoT
Phelan's appointments did not re
lieve the strain in the slightest de
gree; it: -merely resulted In "a ' chans®. ' n
the • field of . speculation." Befora' .the
Mayor's appointments those • who were
seeking places were exertlpg ' their pulla
upon those whom they figured would fall
Into 'the' leading positions. Now they do
not know whom to figure on. To facilitate
matters and make the chase a matter of
comparative- ease it may • be ' stated" thait
the newly appointed Coramlsslonere have
nothing at all- to do with It. They .must,
be contented with their offices, and expect
the dlstrib"ution of little or. no". patronages..
The. Democratic ' "organization" has re
served to. Itself the giving out" of the- Jobs,
and honor and: their salaries: are all the
Commissioners 'may. . hope to get out of
their appointm mts.- • •¦ • " • :
As was sta.t</dl.n.The Call yesterday
morning. Mayor • Phelan • .appointed- a
board of Pdlice: Commissioners known to
be favorable to Lieutenant Esola, Yes
terday" It also became known that- his
Honor had h£ld for the "organisation" all
or .nearly all of ¦ the- appointive positions'
of ' the different- departments.- He will
have the naming. of the secretaries of the
Board of Public Works, the- Civil Service
Commission, the Election Commission
and th« Police Commission.- It is also
understood that any one who is looking
for -a position under the new Board of
Health will have to exert- his pull in the
same, quarter. • ••'.•.- - ¦
¦It- would have been the same -with." the
District Attorney's office- had not Lewis-
F. Byineton", : the District Attorney-elect,
forced the organization to compromise
upon- the appointment of William H. Al
ford to one of the... assistant deputyships.-
The. Mayor has pot only turned down
Gavin McNab, but Charlie Fay. the
Mayor's messenger, has also been called
to- tjnxe and has been- told that many of
his claims to-, patronage were out of pro
portion, .to his services, it is a three
coriiered fight which is on . between the
three corners of the "organization" and
t&9 .-executive-. haa' the -whip hand. It Is
known that he. is of the opinion that If
Ire" honored all of McNab's demands, the
"Hoot Won", would . stand tod near ab
solute .control of the' "organization," .and.
qf a consequence McNab' a topheavy load
of candidates' ls toppling. .
¦ Jeremiah Mahony, appointed to th»
Board of Public "W"orks. indlgi>antty de
nies that he was appointed merely for the
purpose .of giving him an- opportunity to
resign. • Qn the contrary he .states that
he fs- grateful -for.- the appojntment and
.will, put forth .his best endeavors to! fill
his- ofHc>s satisfactorily -and" within the
spirit of. the charter. For. the "secretary
ship of the Board of Public Works" J. Lee
Parks, who has/spent several years in t,he
emplpy of the Democratic State Central
Committee, Is" urging his claims. He is
considered In • the van of- the column of
those who are out for the Job;
¦ Ferdinand "Vasisault, an. editorial, writer
of the Argrmautv Is- -betne prominently
mentioned for the- secretarysnfp of tho
jCivjl. Service Commission, and! "Danny"
Gordon will In all likelihood get the same
position with the Election Commission.
All of ¦ these appointments; however; are in
the' hands of the Mayor, instead of the
commissions, and now t-h.at-"the push"
has. become Informed of that fact It Is ex
erting Us influence- In that direction.
SHEEHAN'S LITTLE GIFT.
Tax" Collector Ed I. .Shaehan does not
[jpiroposa to. £o out of office without the
GOOD RESOLUTIONS BORN
WI TH THE NEW CENTURY
customary tokens- of.- esteem from hl»
clerks. Mr. Sheehan is pTacticaJ: he : doe«
¦riot "want any diamond studded badges. ror
any "solid silver Beryice sets'* :;• the." good
hard cash is enough lo convey to. hl.m the.
loving memory in which his ex-employe's
will hold him after he.goes out ?pf. office./
Mr. Sheehan has .takfen. no chances. -on
his ' "clerks . overlooking. • the customary,
formality. Notwithstanding, that he:h»ts
worked time and again the '.'token. of pop
ular esteem" racket In" th« way -of :libaral'
assessments; he last 'week ordered' an
ethen-'lt was of the sajrn*' proportions .sis
that ordered.- by the Board of Health— lo
Rer cent,' and It came, : so-. suddenly that,
even the brokers.. Who -had :.cashed. In-ad
vance a maJpfity'Qf tbesalary warrants in
the- Qfflce. were cau-ghxoil their gqard-atid
were forced io ;• smile • over a- $lO. Ipsa. oa
every." $100 salary, on the. payroll- " • \ ••_ '.¦
Mr. Sheehan'^ assessment was not levied
: for any cornest .- he Iras .in view. • The
fight he proposed to-- make against his.suc
cessor has been called 6ff, and he has not
the' same excuse f Or skinning- his einr
ployes as had the Board of Health:., in
Mr,- Sheehan's case. lt. was merely a. token,
of esteem, and three of his clerks who
yesterday were \inappreciatlve «nqugb, to
kick against the token were plain enough
to say that it was a Cold-blooded : srralt
and nothing less. Mr. Sheehan's levy was
upon the December salaries, which were
paid before the first of the month because
of the imminent New .Year's celebration,
and many of his clerks are figuring upon
fighting against It. as they assert he had
no claim upon any portion of their eala
rs.es. particularly • upon the last month; of
his. administration. . ..' -V.-r . ¦.-•'¦ : : •
It*« a good thing thcatrtoaj *^ns«ls^
bay« no wings, otherwlxe they xaigiiz r«t
too fly. . - . . . <> •
MAKE ARRANGEMENTS
WITH THEIR CREDITORS
Extended Time for Payment Is Given
Proprietors of Westerfeld's
Restaurant.
Some surprise has been caused In busi
ness circles by the report that the old
established "Westerfeld bakery restaurant,
i£C5 Market street, was unable to meet the
demands of its creditors. The matter was
placed in. the 'hands of Attorney Walter
ii. Levy, and by an arrangement with the
creditors the business is being carried on
as usual.
"\Ve were forced to call our creditors
together." raid one of the partners yes
terday, "because one of them pressed us
for payment at an inconvenient time. We
are entirely solvent, business Is good and
co one will lose a cent, because w» have
j^ecirred c!l our creditors. One. of the per
sons to whom we- owed money demanded
Immediate payment. The amount was
only Jl5OO. and we had previously owed
the eajne jx^rs^n as hlph as $30f«). so there
n*^d have been no timidity. However, we
decided. to cail all our creditors together
and after laying the matter before them
&!1 agTeed to en extension of time very
readily. The house }s .an old-estaWished
concern, buj since- the death of Mr. West
erfeld it has been condUcred by the. firm
of A. C. Bauer, of which I am a partner.
The matter has b^n adjusted very amica
bly, and at no tim»»' was there any dan
per of insolvency rirocredinps. It was an
ordinary MiFlnes? arrangement.**
It Is t>aid that the totai amount lnvolvod
was under $12.f><*).
where he made the attempt to end his ex
istence. About half-past twelve yester
day he secured a razor and locking nim
self In his room cut two deep gashes In. his
left arm. one In his right, two In hla stom
ach and another across his throat. He
was not found until nearly alx hours after
he had committed the deed. At the Har
bor hospital where he was taken by Offi
cer Flemming It was stated that none- of
the wounds was necessarily fatal, but tno
man's condition and age- are against his
recovery.
The girl gave her name as Bertha Hol
land. Her .mother Is a widow with four
children and lives In Temeseal.
PATRONAGE WILL BE
DISPENSED BY PHELAN
Commissioners to Have Little
to Say in Distribution.
BERTHA HOLLAND'S DESPERATE LEAP.
c?=K BCATTSE Bertha Holland was not
1 >J- permitted to co to the theater
CiSV yesterday afternoon, the girl, who
t __i7 is but 14 years of age. stole away
.-¦. from borne and jumped from the
, ¦.;";¦ -ifieck of tb<? Creek rout© ferry boat
when off the Alameda Point ferry landing.
Ghe was rescued by Al Ropers and taken
to the revenue cutter McArthur, and af
terward to her home.
The prl. who, is large for her ag^. waa
the only passene'er on the 4 o'clock Creek
route boat Oarden City. It was a time
Df day when there are very few passen
gers bound toward this city by this line,
and she was noticed by various members
of the crew because she was alone. "She
flid not go on the upper deck, but re
mained below, and on the outside after
3eck: but even under these circumstances
she did not make any movement toward
jumping overboard until the boat was op
posite the old Alameda Point landins.
Without the least warning the girl sud
denly threw a little cape that she -wore
on the deck, and removed her jacket. An
umbrella was dropped with the other
things, and • without the least hesitation
the plrl plunged over the rear end of the
boat and dropped Into the wake of the
ferry boat.
She made no cry and there were no wit
nesses to the plunce from the ferryboat,
there being no other passengrers and the
Kirl having chosen a time when the deck
hands were all forward. Fortune favored
her. however, for A I Rojrers. a builder of
boats, who lives at Alameda Point, save
her Jump from the passing steamer. He
was In hif boat at the time and he deter
mined to pave the frirl. particularly as he
saw that her act was not noticed from
the ferryboat. He made desperate efforts
to reach her In time, and did so just as
she was going out of sight for the last
time.
Captain 'Westenphal sfnt a boat from
the McArthur. but Ropers saved the girl.
She was then taken to the revenue cutter,
where p.h«» was made comfortable, and hpr
Because Her Mother Vetoed Her Attend
ance at a Play, Bertha Holland Es
sayed a Tragic Role,
I2K§^ 3 §nmu6F b3it f rsncisGO c^^^
fT2% men's furnishings is now assured the people suits and jackets •;:• <\ ; '.; ¦:'¦: r " ] & :J )- ?
V*4 ¦ rS£- decided that last week, a a^jS^^^^^;,;; :';: ' ; -¦
V^ zander store (tta^^SS?SS^»#M|ii
"good goods" is also as-
M&^W&k roods, but not a shirt in the lot cnrp( J *Ua mon?JCrPr^ dp* ~ - co - cat to * 3 °- • \* % "fej-jKO /Tn/
i raOT*Bgm worth lew than 760 and most of SUied. in& lU^Ud^Cl b Ut ••••••••ii^J-Vp'iw'^AV'er^'Tnd^hnwn " : I f ' . :
/*S&ssWBk cid^- that long ago/ the b uild . ¦¦ .^^^SS^^^^^S-: : f iK
/Ol§iPlf?\ JS^??S3SS^ffIK in S will be commenced in a W%&^^Zsiigg^^ !^ ¦
\ \ \«fii/ / SSSTw.ITS. 1«: -olfit short time, while you are looking .Km finely itwpe* r^iar iu..uity^t .. f; ,^,
VV^IW^ ahead to the many good things V
%:^%J?IU Ply: ¦" the new that are In store for you here are -^i;
I®mm1 ® mm E Sl^iS some, things for to-day^s buyers. '. % SSfeg^Si .
.men's brown cotton half ho-, double heel and to* fu« ««». at these prj^s yOU Can Well afford M^^gg^JS'^'iaZV^i .: . ¦¦"'•.,
le B a, lOc pair — *l~iu aox. . croods f Or future USe. »» wood and new coloring but broken si x«s; .onl. sold •*. «T »
to DU 7 gooa goous ior iuluic ua^. high 'as' *U 00; If jwr »Ua la her* aad *m loos *lj l i?j
comforters and blankets . inftn mniinprv v^ «»•
M . ? . ?. M . ,f, f ¦ . IyUU UllllinClJ mode and lined with satin. 10 ln..<Je«p. with Web rolllnir col.ars.
Kbiles SmtoriS d«ible,bed size, flpired ¦lltolln.-gnrered. }J»to $25 00. the hlgbest priced on. n»» . ; . ;.- ;- .;.. -, •' -. \pr. )^£>> -:,^
W^^^^^^^^^i^ounv-c^;i--^^p^ M.t^ ri ny O «^et ?n o: some home necessities,. §B^^
figured covering, stitched «2.00 each twenty trimmed hats ;••••.•••• M oleces flajiStte two makes, cne cashmam finish, light od-
150 pairs white blankets, all wool. 72x52 In.. 8. lbs. weight...... odd lota of «oni». wln«s anfl. NnU at nair ¦Aj ln ..^^ ¦«« bord«»;:bn saJ» whU* It. lasts
•. - 9-t.50 pair prt.ee.. . • .- . . . . • •» . • ¦ .......;...;1"..^;...^ ..5« yard
white blankets, all wool. Callfo«Tila make ttrat rrade wool. • . ¦ •.'.-. • ..» : " ¦ . 2500 "yaxda" glass toweling 17 In. wlde^ fa#t selvage. 10c- quality:
Pink and blue borders. J l^ 6^^^)^^^^;^ « 0 .00 pair Silver Watt p&rfilllie.rj : : iWt two patterns to b« .ofd^nUl closed a^. r ,.,.^-..«H^W*
72x84 Inches.^. i-.. ..^- .........$7.50 pair mtle luxarles at mtle. prices! . . . . . \ •:¦,'.."':•.• " .'¦' -•¦ ' : } y :' V ".¦•-•":- '* '^\:-'.^" :';¦¦ |'
• " . • -. roller, blotters with sterling stiver handles " •¦ . :, 1.-". «». •¦:••• ':•'.-,'. \ '¦'.-¦ ¦':'-'';- _*"^». '¦'•: - : -'- : ¦
c^r^^\ ¦ . ~... ....boo «wh ladips ann c nilnrcn : "¦¦ ¦ ¦¦'- '¦irr^fc. ! - . .
<r£Z3P=* Cn^rial «?lla "- ••'/' :'-¦ iliw Plat, -alt and pepp*r shakers: were IdUlCh CIUIUICU O^*'\
ES^fsaOv SUwWIOI SaiO • We pa j r: whl je they 1a5t.. ;..:...:.... «Oc pair. ft i.^ TAO -: . .-I';: ..> • -", -• "• .; '••:•" 'Cih'*^},! -'-'•:':":
i&& -r^<lA <• «t.*- "¦ ' ' one-third off on silver-plated butter dishes. flnflerWCar :; ; ::¦ rf» f^/M :'
K^OTtr^-^'^ Zf ftt nnnnrK pickle dishes, fruit dlshea and bread trays. ".'..;"" .'..;" ¦ ¦_.. .;"' : . ;¦ " -," 7s :
A/^ -^A UI 111/UUlia ¦ ;-;;::. v : ¦ ¦ ¦•¦ warm • nnderwear; Just the • •-• ¦¦ r l>- Jfi^w ¦";•'•
C^l/JiTT^^W —-J it-£ SSs^!2i k«,T * «iL?t Kirk's violet and rose: toilet soaps. 8 cakes vests and. pantalets: v«sts nicely: :¦. /^^ /» ': • -
¦ W lillPa ß4^HlfcS : : \ dress Aoods. ii 55^^11? ? -f- W^
VOi-^**^^-- ' from 3U to X in. Wide, black satin luxor-a double-fac^d fabrto r«aj«nt^<* «»««lj. colors: sizes for 1 and 2 f '{ 1 ,X>^: :: :
•• " ;-¦•¦ »1"O a variety- or- colors g^ o< j neavy quality. 19% ln. wide... . .....TSc and **oc yd years . > nt!re . lot to b« - II l;i .'¦ - ¦.".V> : -," "•
In 1% in. taffeta and satin and croc jrraln ribbons, on black duchess— extra heavy quality. M ln. wide, best ¦ &*¦* .and closed out at.:....»c ea; V ,\ I ¦' • . ' " \ : '•)''}
our center tables -~- 100 ya- finish— no advance over old prices J^l.Z.Vyd. i? dczeri ladlei' ribbed (>-rN *1 "¦:.""'••"¦ :\: \- ¦¦:¦*'. -::'.•¦
' ¦ '¦• '"' WMm*m ' ew c^orcd taffeta sllks-the lot lnclndea all the n»-w c^l"rlnM non . B h r lnklne wool"'^ l • '':\' V 'A'".'-V"
for eprinjr; they are 19 lru wide .7n<« j-d ve.t, . and pants— full 63 '-. .¦..:-:••"•";.: .':.S:- --:•,
. I . ¦• 1 „ J_*. ti.'«.^-i- : .;V"' ' Waclr dla«ronal— e^tra heavy, strictly all wool, « in. ™1?*- y p«r cent wool— natural rray. color: hand»ota«ty ft»-
3 Clean-IID in lannUfV DafifS Pieces to*lose out at •«£<• y&., ,she 4, she 4 tth satln band fronts; pearl button*; sUk tap«
tt W3WCWI up lU. luuiiuij w**s«» . colored senre-Ha!#'» famous 830 Quality, strictly an wool. 49 ,n, n neck; ;rISS(^ 9 , . wl - ,j eevM: paat, wltft French
• -*« „,* ,~a i»iin^rr hnir« made of colored eanvaa In. wide, "u-orth 65c ya.; we ha\'« all shade? but cardinal.. »ooya. bands; wtd* lap in backs; all strea. ..*-«-«; rej^j^,
"I" '''. • "^o^lnS-^or.^^a^^Myd-i^ciVc^kto^ W.OOp.r^nnent; ent.r* lot at .__-«_ J». ; a^,
1 rnCtlillP' Slid mfflin? w|d«, to plal6 aoafan«y colon: to bt cloerf out it ?T3o yd. . . .... • ;•-':-;. ".•.•!..•:>.;";...:.;;.'• .'?-.
dean-np i i x^JSLzMF JtSF <® ••**• I nmbrella Sweatier
SX° f ta C b^ h tVo e rn P iLTit°abo^ tell OihtrS. ' /ffl ML^ ?-"7' H^*
half their recrular value. if we don'l, XSSU (*&&dTkff% n*i4*f*&^^ " the Store »...^.1>!.50
.had'fs ffl'SouSWd^CSS tell us. +~* -^^^nrrS^ ™t"£*^ gg^ men's umbrellas 81.00
y °a^^^ h !° K9 isc 0 yd h I I . s>3 s -S>^V. TvWic^t stf«t..; \ZZZ- J all steel rods and tight roll.
>@IMMi"ffIMMMMMM HH j! § ©@ MISIMHMMMMHMMS&
FORBIDDEN THE THEATER,
SHE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE
A Morbidly Romantic Damsel
From the Ferry,
Halo's.
Hales.
Sale's.
Sale's.
mother was sent for. When phe became
calm she told her reasons for trying to
take her life. She wanted to go to the
theater with a friend, and because her
mother refused, her permission she deter
mined to die.
"I had a fuss with ma this morning."
ehe Bald. "She would not let me go to the
theater with my friend and she hid my
clothes. So I took what I could wear of
eister's togs and started to leave home
forever. I don't know what possessed me
to Jump off the boat, but oh: the water
was bo «=alty. and I am so glad that I did
not drown. I promise you truly I shall
never try it again."
When the mother called for her daugn
ter last night eh« corroborated the lat
ter's story as to the cause that prompted
her almo3t fatal plunge.
"It was a lucky New Year's day that I
happened to be out there on the creek,"
said Al Rogera, the girl's rescuer. "I was
Just pulling for home when I saw a bundl*.
topple over the side of the steamer. I
knew It must be the person I saw there on
the deck .lust previous and I yelled 'man
overboard' and pulled, like mad. The
steamer stopped, but the wind drove her
quite a distance and it was so lone before
a boat was lowered that I reached the
drowning girl first. The water was half
a foot over her head and I quickly
frrabbed her by her hair and lifted her out
like a wounded duck. She cried 'Save me!
save me!' as I got her aboard and I guess
Bhe'll never do it again. She said she did
not know the bay -was so salty. When
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAISTJARY 2, 1900.
10